SiEfbiET BTQRY. Two Old LcYors. (Continued from last week.) They lived so qmetly that she escaped to a great extent the curious questions of the. gossips. The one or two who contrived to ask her if her marriage would not now take place she answered with a gentle digMty and reserve that disarmed them. These concluded that, with unnecessary delicacy, the marriage was not to be dis cussed till old Michael had lain the orthodox twelve months in Ms grave. 'A year more or less can't matter to them,' said Mrs Piper, the doctor's wife, and people with smiles or with pity, ac cording to their natures, accepted tMs view of the matter. The months went by monotonously, and things remained in ust the same way. Willie had never spoken of marriage, and was never lihely to now. And Jane aged rapidly. She grew very thin as time went on, and qmte lost the soft roundness wMch had helped to keep her figure young. Many people had remarked on how ,thin she was growing before the fact was borne in on those who saw her everyday. When Willie discovered it at last, she made light of it. ' I am growing old, Willie,' she said; 'I; shall be an old bag of bones presently. We all made tMn old women in our1 family. You remember Aunt Maggie, Molly? i shall be just like ber. But the thin ones are the strongest, after all,' She used to make a jest of her leanness- after that, drawing attention to the bird's claw's ber fingers were becoming and to her thin wrists, with a nervous laughter wMch for a time deceived herself. She _ fought hard against her bodily weakness, would lot none of her duties fall on her sister, however tired the ' evening might find her. At last Willie Maturin's . slow eyes were opened. He had come in one evening, to find her asleep in her chair. Something in the worn face and qrnet attitude terrified him. ; For a moment he stooped to listen for her breathing. Then, without waking her, he went out to Mary iu the Kitchen. His . whole aspect had changed. An immense fear had filled him with an energy strange - to his nature. He had closed the parlour door very gently, but he burst iri On Mary wild and excited. 'What has come oyer Janie?' he cried. ' She is asleep iri her chair and looks like a dead woman.' . 'Oh, Willie, don't speak of such a thing. It is only that she has been run down lately. She will pick up when the spring comes.' ' Dreadful, dreadful !' he cried, walking up and down. ' It looks to me, Mary, as 5 we had gone near losing her. Oh, how blind and dull I have been !' ' We will send for Dr. Piper.' 'Piper is no good. I will drive. over myself in the mormng and fetch Dr. Had- don from Normanstowe. She must have the-best advice money can procure.' ' We mustn't frighten her, Willie.' The man stood still . and stared at her. Big drops of sweat "were on Ms forehead, I and Ms disordered hair stood up. ' 'You look like a ghost, Willie. You ; mustn't look like that when she sees you, ! or she will suspect sometMng amiss.' | 'I shall not frighten her, I promise you. i How long is it since she began .to grow | ill? I ought to know — but, pray God for give me ! 1 never saw it fully till to- Mght.' ' She was strong enough up to the time of poor father's death, and for . a wMle afterwards. I remember now one Mght she talked strangely — said she was tired of life, and wanted to get away somewhere. \- Soon after that I noticed she didn't seem so brisk.' ' I thought she was always happy. , God forgive me for not taking better care of ' k0r When Jane ArcMbald woke up it was to' find Willie beside her, watching her. She did not notice the disturbance in bis glance. She had ceased to look for any-, thing more than the placid affection which, had been, theirs so many years. He insisted on fetching her tea to her, and performing many affectionate offices for her, all of wMch she accepted with langted content. After tea, when Mary had left them to gether, he broke to her his project of get ting Dr. Haddon to her. She did not seem at all alarmed. 'I am not very well,' she said, 'and. if it pleases you to have a, doctor, I shall not mind. Not that I think he will do me any good, It is only that I am getting old and lazy. But why an expensive doctor like Dr. Haddon? Dr. Piper would do qmte well.' ' Piper is a fool, and you are too precious to he in his hands. Every hair of your head is precious to me.' How ' many years had gone by since he had spoken such words ! As they fell on her ears Jane ArcMbald blushed like any girl, rind for an instant she looked well and happy. "You are too good to me, Willie,' Bhe said, putting her thin hand into his. That evening his tenderness was a de light to her. She was ready to bless the illness wMch had reawaked it, and she looked qmte bright to receive Dr. Haddon next morning. The distinguished specialist seemed interested in his new patient. After the professional part of his visit had been paid, he talked with her for qmte a long time, considering how valuable a com modity time was to Mm. All through he watched her keenly from under his bushy eyebrows out of the brighest eyes. He asaed her many questions about her way of life. 'And Mr. Maturin,' he said at last, 'the gentleman who came for me ? He is a near relative, I suppose ?' Jane ArcMbald blushed. ' I am engaged to him,' she answered. 'Oh, indeed! You are to be married soon ?' 'I do not know; there is nothing sett-led,' she faltered, and then she looked down at her fingers, that trembled in her lap. The doctor said no more, and soon after wards took Ms leave. 'There is nothing orgaMcally wrong with her,' he said to Willie Maturin and Mary, who were anxiously awaiting Ms verdict, ' but there is extreme weakness. She presents the symptoms of a person who has been slowly starved ; sbe wants an immense deal of building up and strengthening, or she will go into con sumption. That losing flesh is really a serious1 matter; but, as I have said, there is -no orgarnc miscMef as yet, only extreme ansmia. Tomes and good food, these 'will work wonders.' Willie Maturin went with him to Ms carriage. As the doctor stood with his : foot on the step, a sudden thought seeriied to strike Mm. ' DHve on, Jenkins,' he said to Ms coachman, 'and ,wait for me outside the gate. I will walk down.' fin. ' You will walk with me, Mr. Maturin ?' .g'he said, fcurmng to Ms companion. ... '-'They walked in silence for a minute or 111 "n Go, enjoying the bright sunshine of the ;tniict-nri;er day; then, when the carriage had e a 1 rounded a bend in the road, Dr. Haddon isjoi.'BuddeMy stopped and faced Willie t' Maturin. I ; ' You will forgive me,' he said, putting fr' his hand on the other man's shoulder 1 kindly, ' if I ask you a question. I gather i; that you are Miss ArcMbald'r lover. How long have you been engaged to her ?' 'Sbw long ? Why, always ! I never thought of any other woman.' ' And when are you to be married,?' ' There is nothing settled.' _ ' There is notMng settled ! My good sir, ;do you tMnk time lasts for ever ? Do you think there are no such tMngs as age and death? I'm afraid you aire a cold sort of lover.' The other man looked at Mm blankly. ' I was not so once. Her father forbade our marriage, and she accepted her father's will. Afterwards, as the years passed, I grew reconciled to it.' 'And would have been reconciled to it till the end, eh ? lam glad we have had this conversation, I can now better uuderstand my patient's illness.' ' What do you mean ?' ' I thought it was the mind. We doctors can do little with the body when the mind is ill at ease. Make her marry you -at once, and take her away; it is -her oMy chance, poor thing.' ' She is not going to die ?' i ' If she goes on as she is going, she will not be alive this day twelvemonths ; but I believe happiness mil save her.' 'Thank you, doctor; I will follow your advice. I dare not think of the conse quences if I fail.' 'I don't think you will fail. I will come again on Thursday, and' shall expect to find things much better. Good-inorning, Mr Maturin.' . . : ' Good-morning, doctor. Wish me God speed.' ' I do, Mr. Maturin.' He went back to the room where jane ArcMbald sat in a big chintz-covered chair by the fire. Something patient iri her look smote Mm intolerably as he came in. He leant over her and put Ms cheek to hers. How delightfully frosty you are !' she said. ' It makes me warifc to" 'get out.' ' That is a good sign, Janie ; you have been moping of late.' ',1 have, but I feel better to-day. It makes me happy to think that you care so miieh.' 'iDidn't you know I cared, Janie ?' She said notMng, and ho knelt down and put Ms head on her knee: ' You reirieriiber "the grey silk dress you" wore one evening soon after your father died, JaMe ?' 'Yes, dear.' 'It would not be too cold for you to wear in a carriage, supposing you were warmly wrapped up.' ' I suppose not, dear. But what are you thinking about ?' 'About our marriage, Janie, Do you tliink I am going to wait for ever ? I shall riot wait a day or an hour longer than I can ' help. I am going to rriarry you and take you away at once to- some warm place where you will get strong.' ' Oh, Willie,' said the woman, with her faded prettiness suddeMy blossoming like a rose ; ' but there will be so mnch to be done !' ' There is this to he done. As soon as I can tear, myself away from you, my sweet,' I am riding to Normanstowe for a license. Brown Bess is at the door saddled for me. I shall wait for nothing — notMng. And I have a fancy for your wearing the grey silk dress when we are married. Will you let ma o- - nw ?' ' Yes, go,' she said, making with her hands as if she would have lifted Mm up. She looked herself as if she were filled with- a new life. He came back in the late afternoon with the license and her wedding ring. -He brought iu with Mm a big parcel from a draper's shop, wMch, being opened, proved to contain a beautiful cloak of grey velvet, fur-trimmed and warmly lined. He laughed at her remonstrances about his extravagance. 'The money has somehow gathered dur ing those years,' he said. 'I can quite afford to give my wife anything/in reason, and things will not suffer in my absence. ' I have arranged with Beaman about the winter work, and I have every confidence that things will go on well'till the spring brings us home.' Dr. Haddon only saw Ms patient once more, and was eminently satisfied with the change , in hor. Before the gossips had wakened up to what was going on the old lovers were married and gone. Those Who caught a glimpse of the bride said she looked quite young and handsome, though extremely delicate, iri her grey velvet cloak and little grey bonnet. Her hus band, at all events, saw no fault in her, nor she iri him. ' Some weeks -later they were sitting to gether on the edge of the Mediterranean under a blue sky and a bright sun. Mrs. Maturin was now in no danger of going into consumption. She was picking up flesh rapidly, and her skin had grown qMte firm and her eyes bright in the weeks that had elapsed since her marriage. ' Dr. Haddon said I was like a person who had been starved,' she remarked sud denly. ' So I was, I was starving for hap piness, and should have ;died of the star vation very soon.' | Can I ever forgive myself?' her husband said, leaning over to kiss her as romantic ally as a boy. 'My poor Willie !' she answered, turning eyes full of trust to Mm. ' You have much to forgive me too. To think of the years we have lost ! You should have had your children growing up about you by tMs; time.' 'I would rather have you, my dear, than seven tall sons,' he made answer. 