THE LAST & THE SMUG GLERS. A CH&ISTMAS; EYE ADVENTltftE. »*%-$. a. CROCKETT, j -C6PY&lGHt.5; i nau oeen bo ipng away trow my own »oniitcy that wWb 4 ISbked tint Once I teore upnii the heather at the little way ride «tati«H -H Dornal, on tihe Port Mur t tioch line, the width and space about *ne^ tile loueliness of the hills, and -Jtfe crying of the muir-fowl affected me al Snost to tears. It was ftat Inngi ho\r *ver. before I had ether things to think ?boat. I had long been an ftJ^han, and, in deed (to tell the troth) -had ? not felt teach the weree for it. My father. and toother t&*t -ivhen I was, a fray M- school and tho Uncle who brought 'me up am tut toe into his own business in Eng «ffln must lave 'taken some perjnanent 'distaste to his native country ktf Gallo way. At any rate foe rievfer rfevisited it, nor for that matter fenCouraged me to «o so. Nerertteffiss, he gare me an .-excellent education and trained me well to his own profession of architect and building contractor, with the idea that I should succeed him in Highgate when he should wish to retire to We pretty Muse he had built for himself oh the S™1'®8, °f one °f the most beautiful of English lakes. ' But quite suddenly one morning *rhen I was. twenty-four, my uncle was found dead in his bed, and I, Hal Grier «ob, tan* into immediate possession of ? good 6\l6iness and a considerable enm «f «K-ney; ? Among other things in my uncle's *ate 1 found s largo muuber trf letters ?poejpts fo^maney^and^rivate memo Sf!^ S^%M*,4?anied for the firettime tnat*Tn$a a relative living of Jrtrom 1 bad never bo much as heard My deceased uncle Walter Arrol, -was «rf course my mother's brother, and a ?aan Singularly ttittcent in all things not I»n*UMg l« bnsintess. Still it struck «ne as rtraage and in » Way humorous Wiat *8 a young man. of twenty-four, I W I j °Ome ^^ lhe knowledge that *_*ad a grandfather still living. Yet ***** «*ay f^rnsals and re-perusals -rf toc »«x« and Memoranda I oould come .»o na other conclnsion. .JR wjsj,«» tbfe middle of December, «nd'w. latjely « the month before, there ?£* » ***** dated from the 'Cothouse -*CurlywGe.' It ran as follows : 'Dear ec*, Iftrewith I enclose bank-Mil for £25. '* have had a stood haafew.nrl i.j „,-„ ?rail. Please acknowledge receipt. Your ?fectioaate fatter, John Arrol.' ,1 laughed *IOud when I came upon the a^f' i seemed to me that it was rather late to add a live grandfather to *nf family connections. Then the 'we' .IHffirfed me. H«i I an unknown grand mother t»»«=or several unacknowledged ™c'«« f At any rate my curiosity was ?agmy excited. , _.15ut so far as correspondence went I '^?found nomine. My uncle had never en couraged sentiment, and though there . were many similar notes, dating at half yearly intervals for nearly fifteen yean; ._ ?™*. his ' affectionate father' never got beyontHfce simple and perspicuous state Inent that it had been a 'good' or a *4«d year .that the 'lambs were doing fine,' or «iat!ith'ore were many daiths ? among the yoVnSB.rt^ I discovered, how wor, -iat -fifteen yeai* before, Walter Arrol had bought a little moorland pro \- |»rty in Galloway which had then come : into the market. __ Hejraid what with my knowledge jof -English J pfkes Teeeined to 2H *J?dicuIo-usly inaferaate,'£rke. for tare five or six hundred afereft it wa* stated to comprise. . ' The title deeds were fflSre, all in doe ?rder, and the receipt . for taxation, stamps, and lawyers' charges. There was also the memorandum of a loan of a. thousand pounds to 'John Arrol, my father, to stock the farm of Curlywee with hiack-faced sheep.' together with Betas of payment of interest at four per cent, for the fi«t five years. -, After 'that I oould tfraee Bo further receipts' -on that account, ♦ ??.... . It was just the day before Christmas that I set out from a Midland town »bere t had had Some ousintSB, resolved . *o find out all that I did hot know abont my Galloway relatives. I .might easily have wrS^SSifeed, £iUiecr?t6°:''^6-hn ? Arrol' hI»SeTl,'^lo, from 'his' style'of conjuspondRncc would have been the yxsry man to give me exact (and concise) ihionnation^-or to'-ttie firta « AaWyers in Gairn Edward whoSe iiamft waa npon the deeds and parehmfefltsl'l - '? ' -??-' - But, though it would have ruined me from a business point of view had it been known in Highgate, I have always had a Mmantic strain in my blood, and tie 5ttle adventure pleased me. I would Wike a littte dhno, so I told myself, into fire braaiiies of my family tree.; I -would go t» person to the Cothouse of Curly '**i and make the acquaintance of my grandfather. I ?wondered tt 'Jain Arrol' would turn -6ut to be as ignorant of tny existence as : Iliad hevH of hb. At any rate he was Weariy not a person tn waste words or tsqQILnder his sentiment broadcast. Had i T been content to prove jny title toiiny ,. tincle's property hfe-^otald douMiess liavt i CoBtisuwl to Bieri jiimgett niJohn Arrol,''' In fcndose his n&lf-Sfesiiy; rent, and to require a receiri therefor to the end of ? ttm..cha^teT, without making the leaTi «Sort to cultivate my acquaiii'.i.uis. So this was the errand upvii v fcich I found myself standing in yrtfUttia3rny side station ot'Dotnu. It was a giiir ?- -and greykh winter afternoon, and I had ; occupied myself in Speculating ;*s the tram slowly Wi*ggted up tha-an^liiei how long this rough bouldery doso'Iation . #5ras to eonBtluff, and at what point it , froidd issue forth npon the level strati ?ad kindly hamlets fifjtteh, frhere^jhaa . Jjictured te myself my venerable rela .. tive resiaingtn patriarchal dignity. - ? ; ' 'Can you shotr me the way to the Milage of Curlywee?' I said to the sta won master, who came suddenly out of Jus office to take my ticket. In fact hi »nade a dash at. me almost like a terriei at at rat. 'The what ?^ he said sharply, drop-^ ping him pfficiaU manner/in /his Wirprise. 'The village tifCurlywecT' ' The station- master laughed a short ijuick laugh, almost as one would expect the aforesaid ^terrier to ,do in mir4£ful r mood. He turned about ,i-niftie v:-pi«at , 6f one heel. 'Rob,' he cried, sharply, ' come yp 3iere!' 'I canna come 1 I'm at the lamps — foul fa' them — the oil 'they hae sent us tills time will no burn ony mair than as ttuokle spring water!' 'Come here, I tell you, Rob, or Til report ye!' : 'Keport awa'— an' be ? !' Some tiling that I did not catch. The station- master did not further at^ -tempt to bring his omcifd dignity to bear :.npon hiE recalcitrant Bubordinate. He tried another taok. ? 'There's a nan out here wants to ken the road to the village of Curlywee!' \- And as he^spoke the little wiry station ?- .master glanced quizzically at me, as .much as to say, 'That will fetcn'him'i' I failed to see the humor — then. Immediately I heard, a bpuncing sound. Heavj' feet trampled in the. tn- seen laxnp-room, a stool was knocked Dver, and a great, broad, jovial-faced man came out, still rubbing a lamp globe with a most%iicles«i piece sif waste. ' 'The village of Curlywee,' he inquired, umilJTig broadly at me, as it were from head to foot. .'Bid I understand ye to Bay the village V Curlywee?' I nodded brusquely. I was growing vexed. 'I never heard tell o't,' he continued, slowly, still smiling and shaking his head. 'Is there not a conveyance — _an omni bus, or a trap of any kind which I c«u hire to. take me there?' t' .? I was getting more than a little angry by this time. It seemed past beKef that I ehould have come so far to be laughed pt by a couple of boors in the middle of a Galloway nibjass^ ';'* ..f vl' 'X'' ''??' ' ' 'Ow EVflMhere* a conveyance, Baid the port*^^ pair-V^-emr'-* ': *~--~ 'Then,' said I, tartly, 'oe good enough to put my b»g in one of them, and let me get off 1' . . Aoc oik man cuiiuiii'ic^i iaj * uu,«u*' tr—^ ?- The stationmaster watohed'Jne?a»-» ^ter- rier watches a rat-hole, with his grey birse of a head at the side. Then with the piebe of dirty waste in his hand 'Rob' pointed *t my knicker bockered legsand brown IsathBr shoes. 'Thae's the only conveyance ye 11 get to Curlywee ii ye wait a month at the Dornal!' ,„ 'What,' I cried, 'is there no road.-1 There surely must be some kind of a highway.' T Again the waste rag pointed. it was waved like a banner across the bleak moorish wilderness ttjMin which the twi light was seHKng grey. 'Road?'' he cried, gleefully, 'High- w»Vr? Aye, there's the hillside — just the plain hillside!' He waved me an introduction to it. like a master of cercmorfe*! 'iinougn of this I' I Raid, tartly, 'I havp ewnn from London ? ' . %N§t- 1 see by your ticket. It's a fine big place, London !' interjected the ute tionmaster, with the sir of Onp ebrtut, to begin an interesting jftilv^rtftUdll. 'To eoe a gentlemaft tn.^ nfeigftnftr hood, of Uic ^ainG ipf ArroL Whb lltfeb at Curlj*». i woutd Be obliged to you if you woum poillt out to mo the best and quipktst way of reaching his house !' The tiro men looked at each other. There was nothing like a broad grin on the big man's face now. The station master, also, had Io6t his alert and amused air, and had become nuddenly thoughtful. As neither of the two BJtokB 1 lidded still nffire sharply, 'Do you know the gentleman ?'' 'Ow, aye,' said Rob ; 'we ken the man !' 'Well, be good enough to put me on the road to his house!' Rob of the lamp and rag turned slow ly, -as one of my own crgaes turn* with a heavy load of stonl1. H?6 8rm {jointed out ovwf. the thin bars of shining steel of the railroad track. 'Yonder!' he said. 'Keep straucht up the gully till ye come to yon nick in the hill/Then turn to the left for three or four mile through the Dead Man's Hollow. Syne ye will come to a water ; and if ye can get across, haud up the face of the gairy, and gin ye dinna Break your neck bv faain' until. tire Bungeon o' Buchan or ^droon yoursel' in the Cooran Lane, ye will see the Cothouse' o1 Cnrly wee richt afore your nos8 !' It was not an .appetising description,. 4-ut anything was better than 'staying there to-be laucrhpd afc. no T tiianVnH f-n- man, asking him to put my bag in tie left luggage office, and proffered him a shil ling. The big man looked at the coin in my flngcins. 'Whet's this for?' he said. 'To pay the ticket for the left lug gage,' I said: 'and the rest for your self!' Slowly he shook his head. 'There's no sic a thing nearer than Cairn -Edward as a left luggage office,' he said, 'but I'll put the bit bag in the lamp room. It'll Tie there if ever ye want it again 1' 'What do you mean?' I cried, furi ously. 'Do you mean that I am ? 1' 'I mean,' said Rob, deliberately, 'that ye are like to hae a Baft walk and to need a' your daylicht before ye get to Curlywee this nieht. A gnid pair o' legs to ye! Ye will need them!' Upon tie details of that weary and terrible journey I need not linger. Though when at first I threw my leg over the wire fencing of the railway and stepped out on tll6 inoor, the instinct of the heather seemed to come back to mo, 1 lost my ?way at least half a dosen times. Indeed if the moon had not been shining about half full behind the grey Veil of cloud, I most have wandered all night without remedy and most likely single-soled shoes were soon completely sodden, and present^ tie upjpfers began ±o part company ifritn the welt. I was vet to the waist or above it by falling in to deep moss-holes, whore the bleak ?peaty water oozed through the softest of verduous green. . _ I was cruised by constant stumbles over unseen boulders, and scratched as to my hands by slipping on icy rockB. A thousand times I cursed myself for leaving my comfortable rooms, which looked^ over to Hampstead Heath. I might have been reading a volume of 'Rob Roy,' with my feet one on each side of the mantelpiece. And — at that very moment my foot plunged through the heather into a deep crevasse between two boulders, and I wrenched my aukle sideways with a stound of pain keen as a knif», ^ ; By this time I had been six or seven hours on the moor. I had, to the best of my ability, endeavored to steer the course set for me by the feig3)oned genius of the lamp-room. I po$SesgM,A little compass at my watch-^hain, and my profession had . inade me accustomed enough to using : it. But in the grey uncertain light the glens seemed to turn all the wrong way, and what the 'face of the gairy' might be I had not the least idea, lonly knew that at the -moment rTvhen I sprained my. ankle 'I had bf*n descend ing a hill as lonely as an African desert, and apparently as remote from anywhere as the North Pole. . . . - ? I managed, however, by an effort to get my leg out of the trap into which I had fallen, and Bftt 6'3wn upon a Tock, half dazed with the shock. I remember that I moaned .a little with the pain and starts ed at the sound, not realising that I had been making it myself. When -I came round a little I was look ing down into a kind of misty valley. The ground -appeared to fall away on every side, and I could see shadowy and ghosts like forms of boulders all about mo, bouip standing! erect' like -. Breton menhirs, pointing*tony fingers into -the :grey. win ter sky ; some with noses sharpened took the exact shape of polar bears scenting a prey- as you may see them in the plates of my favorite Arctic explorer. ' XJradnallyit dawned npon me there vaBsome eort of a light beneath me in the valley. It seemed most like a red pulsing gloir, as if a nearly extinct smithy fire were being blown np with bellows. ~A sense of eeriness came 'over me. I had been educated by my uncle in a severe school of practicality. To be a: contracting tmldor La 'thei-better-class suburbs of London is destanctive of ro Tnannp. Rnt T hflvn flip PitrfriKh hlond in jne fory: all - ^that.? ? Aboriginal terrors prickle' ^n my Wood as I pass a grave ?yard at ?nridiright; snd never when I can help it do I go under one of my own lad ders. But now for the Erst time in my life I felt b. kind of «tiffening of the hair of my scalp.. But this did not last long. My foot and ankle recalled me to myself. I could not, I thought, be worse off than I was — wet, miserable, hurt. If that light be neath ine~betokened a human habitation in the wild, I was saved. If not — well, I was no worse than I had been before. So with & certain amount of Wifulenoe I made shift io limp downward towards the strange pulsing undulating glow, lint though the sweat ran from me Like rain, I could only go a few yards at a tinse. Nevertheless the ruddy jBve grew ever plainer as I ascended, winking slowly and irregularly, waxing and waning like a fire permitted to go low and then again replenished. At last I was new enonghto «ee that the light proceeded from beneath a great face of rock which sprang upwards intc the sky, so high that it faded ghostlike into the milky glow of the mist-choked inoonugnt. Just tnen my injured toot jarred painfully upon a etone which gave beneath ite thrust. The. loose' boulder thundered away down the declivity, and with a cry I sank upon my hands and knees. When I caine to myself I could not speak. Something had been thrust into my mouth, something that gagged and almost choked me. My hands also were tied behind me. The red pulsing glow had vanished, but between me and the faintly-lit grey sky I could see a tall dark figure which moved purposely about. Presently I found myself dragged to my feet and (thrust rudely forward. I tried to make my captor understand that I could not walk ; but as I could not speak, I could only do this by lying down and utterly refusing to proceed. Then my captor drew a lantern ' from behind a heather bush and flashed it upon my face. As he did bo I held ny foot and en deavored by sign to show where and how ? it' was hurt. ' But I was utterly unpre pared for what my captor did next. He took me by the arms and laid me over his shoulders, pulling the plaid which he wore about my bpdy^as a kind of supports ing belt. - Then With slow steady strides he began to descend-the lull. I suffered agonies lest we should both fall, and my ankle pained me till I nearly wept with sheer a^ony. At last, with a fling of his foot, my captorS,)irew aside a door, stepped down a short ladder, and I found myself stretched upon some straw. Then a candle was lit, and the flame, sinking to nothing and rising again, presently il luminated; a little, lam half -filled with eheaves and fcdder. Upon a heap of the latter I was lying, with my head away from the door. 'So,' said he who had brought me, 'Ihae catchedye, pirrahl' ?.-.;. I saw my man now — a tall old patri arch with' abundant, grizzled hair, his face clean-shaven aud having a fringe of grpy heard beneath his chin. His expres sion was stern, even fierce, and the eyes, under bushy eyebrows that wore Etiil raven-black, looked out undimmed by years and unsoftenod by pity. It was a mediaeval, almost a savage counten | a.nce; even ao, I thought.! might Rob : Roy himself havo looked in his wilder ' moment*. I had to reeur to my wonnd I etl foot to convince mj-Wlf that I had lpft j f- nmetthiitll century railway station less ] than ten hours before. ' Was it possible that this waVthp rea son -why my unnlp did not visit his Gal loway tenant* ? And liid this 0»16 wish to i-qu&rte; & defieipricip in his rent bf mak illg an Md ,8f hh, latieiHrU* «nt the eld mii'ft did Hot offer to touch tn-» .'.gain, not even to release me from my bonds. He simply threw a few empty corn-sacks over roe, removed my gag, picked up the lantern and went out with these words, 'Bide ye there, my man, ti I am ready for you!' But whether he went to dig my grave or take his BUppcr I oould not mak» out ; though the speculation was iiot without Some element* of itttfcrBs*; ^t any rate hp locked tie door behind him, aad I was left alone in the black blank dark ness of the barn. It was poor enough cheer, and I began to shiver with the cola of the moss-hags in my bones. Whether that exercise helped to ' loosen the honds about my wrists I know not—perhaps they were hastily tibd. At arty rate it wife not Jong befdr& I had my hands loose. Then I could take the knotted handkerchief with is short crdss-buckle of bog oak out of my mouth. But I could do no more to make myself easy. My foot and -ankle were already terribly painful, and tie latter, as I could feel with my hand, had swollen almost to double its usual size. After that I cannot-tell very well what happened for SOjnft tlmb. It may seem impossible, Dub I think that I slept — at least, certain it is that, the night passed somehow, between dozing and shivering. Hot flushes passed over me, with wafts of that terrible feeling of 'falling away' which precedes fever. seemed that I saw a youni girl sitting opposite to me on the edge of an over turned bushel measure. She had her chin in the hollow of her palm. Yet my head was so whirled about with the trouble which was on me that I could not be sure, till she rose and came close to me with a pitying look in her eyes. Then I tried to think of Bomething to say to her which might explain who I was, and how I came thither. For I began to be sure there had been some mistake. How ever, I could think of nothing but what day it was. So I said to her as she ap proached, in the most commonplace way possible, 'I wish you a merry Christ mas.' Yet all the time I knew very well that I was making a consummate fool of my self. The girl seemed checked at my words. She stooped, and then, touched perhaps by the ridiculous anomaly of my appearance and my commonplace greet ing, she burst into a. ringing peal of laughter. I think I laughed, too, a little, but I am not sure. 'When next I came to myself I was being supported upon clouds, or down, or at least by something equally pleasant and soft, whereat I opened my eye6, and there was the girl, bending OTer me and trying to -get some hot liquid down my throat out of a long, thin-stemmed glass. __ As soon as she saw that I was con scious she said, 'Are _ you the excise officer from Port Mary who has been watching my great-uncle ?' '|No,' said I, '.'my name is Henry Grierson ; I come from London. Where am I ?'? But she sat up with a face of great horror. 'Not the exciseman ? Why, you are never Hal Grierson— -ny 'cousin ?' 'That is my name,' I said, steadied by the situation, 'I came to look for a grandfather I never knew I possessed till a week or two ago ! His name is John Arrol, and he lives at the Cothouse of Curlywee 1' The girl smiled a little. 'This is the Cothouse of Curlywee, and my great-uncle mistook you for a ganger — an exciseman. It is a l&ercy; he did not kiil you ! Hut wait! I will bring him. He will be sorry I' By this time I had forgotten the pain in my head, and I was none bo eager for the presence of my terrible relative. 'Please wait a moment. I want to ask your name,' I said, looking up at her. 'My name is Elsa Arrol,' she an swered frankly, and in a cultivated manner. 'My father used to live here during the last years of his life, and when he died I had to leave school in Edinburgh and come to Curlywee to keeptouse for my great-uncle !' 'Then you are my cousin ?' I said, with some eagerness. 'Yes, a cousin of a sort, not a first cousin 1' ? ? ? . - And even then I 'was glad somehow of so much for kinship. 'Will you shake hands with your new cousin before you go f ' I said. ' I will do better,' she answered, fluttering down from the edge of the corn-mow where she had seated herself. 'This is Christmas Day, and the cob webs on the roof will serve for mistle toe !' ? And soft as a snowflake I was aware of a waft of perfumed air ; and something, that might havB been a butterfly and might have been & pair of lips, alighted to my forehead for a moment. 'There 1 You will think I am a bold madam, hut you are ill, and deserve a better greeting than a handshake after what you have gone through.' Again I was left alone, but not for long. I saw the fierce old man again in the doorway, his. brow still gloomy, though it was no longer angry. 'This lass tells me you axe not the . Port Mary ganger,' he said with a hard accent ; ' that yon come from London. Is this true ?' 'It is,' said I, briefly. For I thought of the knuckle of bog-oak between my jaws. Then what might you be doing on my bill at midnight of a winter's nicht P' 'Well,' I returned with some point, 'it is in a way my hill also. At least, if it be a part of the property of Curlywee, left me by my uncle, the late Walter Arrol, of Highgate.' 'What,' he cried, a. little hoarsely, 'ye are never my Annie's boy — wee Harry Grierson ?' The same !' I said, still curtly, for I wanted to see how he would extricate him self. He ?stood frowning awhile, and stripping the piles from a head of corn. 'Ye will not misunderstand me if I confess that I am grieved for what has happened,' he said, with a certain stem and manifest dignity of bearing which became him. 'I am -sorry, not be cause ye are now my landlord and 1 your tenant and debtor, but hecause I have made a miBtak' and showed but poor hospitality to the wayfaring manl' 'fiav Tin more abont it.' I- answered. 'but give me\a bed to lie down on and a pillow for my head, for I am very ill.' The old man lifted me in his arms like a child and carried me into his own room, where he laid me down. Then with a skill, patience, and tenderness I could not have believed possible he undressed me and laid me on his own bed. When this was done he called Elsa, and she brought hot water to bathe my swollen aakle, now in girth well-nigh as thick as my thigh. He said not a word more about his rough treatment of me, nor did he mention his son, my late uncle, nor yet the quarrel which had separated them in life. All that strange Christmas -Day I was light-headed, and those two gave ine brews of a certain herb-tea, famed in Galloway as a febrifuge.' I dozed off to find my cousin Elsa still unweariedly pouring hot Water over my foot, or coming in with a new poultice or marsh mallqw leaves in her hands. I suppose I must have talked a great deal of non sense. Indeed, Elsa told me afterwards that I made a great many very personal remarks upon her eyes and hair, which made her blush for shame before her great-uncle. I found myself somewhat better, however, the next morning, and was able to join in the exercise of family worship, which my grandfather conducted at _great length, reading two or three chap ters of names and genealogies out of the historical books of tie Old Testament, in a loud, harsh voice, as if he had a spite against them. Then reverently laying the great Bible aside, he utood up ix- pray. I noticed that as he did so he smoothed his grey badger's brush of hair down on top as if it were a part of the ceremony. : When he had finished praying my grandfather stood awhile, and then sat down beside me. 'Elsa.' lie said, 'will you betake your self to the kitchen for a space ? I have something to say to this young man that is only for a. man and a kinsman to hear.' Mv cousin obeciiently vanished. I , never heard so light a 'footfall. 'Now, sir,' said the old man, 'you have bc-en brought up in another school, and may inkunderetAtit?. But 1 muet e'en iak' ibt- risk uf t!:«, Old !r()lir Uliolc glV6 you any religious training f' 'He never mentioned the subject to me, sir I' I Raid. For tny uncle, though a goad man, had been neither churahgopf BOr Phureh l&vet;'i 'Are i-oli a true Presbytfcriaii H,pH ? Or aH-. k* dp* df tip tfdrSMppPrE d! Uir SCarlet Woman that sitteth upon the Seven Hills ?' 'I have not really -thought much about it,' I replied. 'I am a Christian — I believe I may Bay that — though in deed I have no claims to be thought better than my neighbors — indeed the contrary 1' 'Then,' said the old man frowning, '1 fear ytj are 110 better -than ft heathen man and _a p\ubllea,n:.' ,.. :. - : 'I?ut,' t cried, '.was ihiire not One born this ChristmaS Day who was partial to the publicans and sinrifcrs p' I thought I had liim there, hut lie evaded me. 'That is in the New Testament I' he retorted, Bomewhat disparagingly. 'You will not understand, but listen. I rid an old Calberonianj a& my fatherE were before me. ?fn iJnBiif ni h»s ,«v*r 6*ned an uncovenanted King. Arrols not a few have gone to prison and to judgment because we wouldn't bow the knee to tyranny in the land and prelacy in tie' Kirk. I had never paid a King's cess or tax till the law distrained upon my goods. And I have continued to bake my bread and brew my drink as my fathers did hefore niei And who shall say mt; nay r Not any gaugcf that ever tapped a BarrBl !' I certainly had no intention of doing so, bub all the same it seemed a- carious thing to have smuggling and illicit dis tilling thus put, as it were, upon a re ligious basis. The old man continued : 'Therefore it was that I mistook ye for the stJv Of tic Onsen's Excise. I had watched the puir craitur nosing about the hilltops for a day or two. I fear I used you somewhat roughly in my haste. For that I ask your pardon.' I hastened to assure him that I never bore a grudge. He thrust out his hand at the word. 'No more do I,' he said, quickly add ing, however, 'that is, no . after it is satisfied 1' It was thus that I spent my Christmas Day in the Cothouse of Curlywee, It was three weeks more before I could leave my chair, ana a month before I was able to return south to bmslness. So that it was well my uncle had left competent men in charge. During this time, not unnaturally I saw a good deal of my cousin. I thought her e^ery day^more charming, ae she certainly grew more beautiful. As for my grandfather, he used to lie out- upon the brae-faces with a long epy-glass, looking for the 'excise- man from Port Mary.' But that gentleman showed the excellence of his judgment by obstinately staying away. When at last I set ont over the moor towards the station, I rode upon a strong gheltie. Elsa came with me part of the way, to 'convoy me off the ground,' at she said. At our parting-place I asked her s certain question, which lit first she re fused to answer directly. Afterwards she stated that she had conscientious scruples about the marriage of cousins and other near relatives. However, I am not without the strongest reasons for hoping that these objections are not in oujtciauic, ouu tAim i/iicy wiu oe u-br- come by next Christmas Eve. Already I have observed tokens of wavering. But in any case we will not tell my grand father till the last moment, for where he will get a housekeeper to dwell alone in the Cothouse of Curlywee is 'more than either of us can tell. Meantime I am grateful for all that my Christmas Eve search for a grandfather has brought me, and still more for what it promises to bring. [The- End.] 