LOYE ORDEALS. CHAPTER I. THE (MOST OF THE PAST. For fifteen long years Hartleigh Hall had held its doors shut to fiicnds and strangers alike ; for fiftenn long years a shadow had hovered over it, and the gloom of a dead past had filled it. The silence of a buried life had brooded there, and the people had learned to shun ib. And now, of a eudden, the doors had been thrown open, and life and gaiety, beauty and fashion, thronged its erstwhile gloomy chambers. Every window gleamed joyously with the-warm b'aze of light, and soff, melting strains of mnsic mingled with the hum of sweqb voices and the rustle of silks and satina : and ?white shoulders gleamed, and bright eyea flashed with Cupid's artillery, and hearts were loab and won. And the lawns and drives wero gay with many coloured lamps, and alive with liveried servants ; and the pebbled driveway crunched under spurning hoofs and grinding wheels. And the gloom and Bilonce of Hartleigh Hall were driven away. Some there wero there who had known the Mad Dick Hartleigh of twenty years ago, and these were curious to see the changes time and sorrow had wrought in the man whose wild exploits had set the Bober world agog. And others there ' were to whom he was only a name, and they looked to see what manner of man this was who had started lifn with an almost unlimited wealth and a title that went back nearly a thousand years ; who had in bis youth startled England with his mad caprices, and who had lived a miserly recluse for fifteon years, only to I end by opening his magnificenb mansion to feasting and mirth. And when they entered the drawing room, what did they see? They saw a tall, thin man, of perhaps fifty-five years of age, with a clean-cub, patrician face, distinguished by the Hartleigh grey-blue Byes and well-formed mouth — a thorough specimen of old English breeding who greeted bis guests and welcomed tbem with a courtliness which smacked of the manners of the old world thab had known him as Mad Dick Hartleigh, He was nob a whit embarrassed ; he did not explain why the hall had been closed to thorn for so many years, but bore himself with the well-bred ease of a mau who is aware of nothing extraordinary in what he was doing; and with polished ease loaned one white, thin hand upon the arm of his nephew, Guy Harbleigb, os ho wenb about introducing the young man and doing the honors of the even ing. Heir as he was lo tho title and estates Guy was even Inss known than Sir Richard, though his boyhood, too, had been spent nsar the ball ; bub bince his boyhood he had visited the hall only ab stated intervals, and for a brief period ab those times. His re lations to the old man had been of the coldesb and mosb formal kind, never reaching tho length of affection, and always constrained. To him the hall had ever been an awesome place, and no one of the gay throng was more surprised than he to see the old place radiant with light and joyous with* mirth and music. Guy waB a Hartleigh. Everybody saw thab at a glanco, He had in full measure all the qualities for which his race bad been famous. Tall, stalwart, croc', and bold of bearing as ono of the ancient Vikings, he was yob a p*trician from the tawny hair of his head to the well-shaped feet which he used so grace fully in' the mazy windings of tho waltz. And, for all tho strangeness of tho gathering, bo did not fail to enter into the enjoyment of it with all tho zesb and ardour of youth. The ball wns a bdccohb, so everybody agreed. It had threatened to be stiflT ; but, as the littlo Lady Gladys Vyner said, who could resist the infections ? gaiety of Guy Hartleigh 1 Nobody, ap parently, for after tho first feeling of wonderment at findirig themselves in a house which most of ihem had como to look upon os a tomb, they ono and all nbandoned themselves to tho enjoyment of the occasion, and mado tlio old wallB ring again with their joyous mirth. It was threo o'clock beforo tho Ia6b guest left the ball ; and then thu tired servants hastened to extinguish the lights on the lawn and in the housp, so t!liat before Guy had returned, nfter putting preity Lady Gladys into her carriage, ho found himself, with something of tho old boyish .shudder, in lht- samegloomy hall of the past. His uncle, too, had disap peared ; nud Guv, with h shrug of his brand shou'derj, to'd himself that, after 'he one gladdening glimpse of joyous life, the old cheerless life was to be taken up again. And if th.it were so, what was to become of him ? He would not consent lo bury himself there, as his uncle had dune. lie would return to tie Continent rather than that; and with this thought in his mind, he turned from the drawing icom and made his way to the libraiy, wheie he could have a last smoke before 'eiiring. A lamp was still burning in the library, and ho was about to light hi? cignrj when a noise in tho adjoining room at ti acted his a tention, and ho turned his head to listen. ' Is lliab ynu, Guy?' douwnded a voice. 'Yis, sir.' It was his undo who had spoken. Tno room was dark, and Guy wondered what tho old man was doing there at such a time. It wns a sorb of divcoinected picture-gallery, and was used for the portraits of the late.r generations of the Hart li ioliH. ' Come in h:re, Guy ; I would like to say a few words to you, if you are not too tired to lalk with me.' ' Not at all. I was going to nil up and smoke a cignr before going to bed.' 1 Bring your cigar in her; ; and if there is a candle there, bring that in, too.' Guy lighted his cigar, and, lifting the lamp, carried it into the ga'l«ry. His uncle «at in a great arm chair, with a weary, wistful txpresnion in his usually stern, iuipassivo face. Ho motioned Guy to a chair, and, after a pause, which Guy occupied in idly puffing tb« cigar smoke in circles from him, Sir Itichard asked abruptly, but not unkindly : ' Do you know why I gave this ball to night, Guy ?' ' I ur.d rstand it was to introduce me.' ? ' But you are three years past your majority. Why Bhould I wish to intro duce you now, any more than three years ngo, at the age when such things are commonly done — can you guess ?' ' ' No, sir, though I have tried to do BO.' ' You are heir to the title and estate, but except at my will you could never have en j iyed a penny of your inhcr itance until my death.' ' I know thab, sir, and I am g ratr ful ? ' 'It is not for that that L speak now. Listen. The estate is a good one, and, by my will or not, you will at ray death be in possession of a fair income ; but there is an immense fortune, part of which I inherited and more of which I have accumulated, which can be dis poser! of according to my own wish. I have hud you educa'ed, and I have al ways provided for you with the one idea of leaving to you this wealth, which has never done me any good.' (To be Continued.) 