NOVtL. CAPTAIN MQLLL By MARY A. DENISON. CHAPTER XVI.— (Continued.) I r'. V ? ? ? ' There's not the ghost of a chance. Now I put on the the hat,' said Molly, and then j stood back, her head on one side, her I glance critical. I 'Try the bonnet,' she went on, deftly i lifting the pretty trifle of silk and lace, i 'Ah, that's it; that aigrette was just ! what was needed. My dear, I hope he j will see you.: You've no idea how pretty j you are.' i As the two girls left Paradise Flats that ! evening, they met Sebastian bringing I baby Bassett home. The child's beautiful i H ? 1 * 1..J — J ~i. ^-1, ? J ? !4.n i JLitUtJ llgiibUU ttu SlgUb UJ. 1/11WLU, tlUU, VY1L1J. a babe's quick, heavenly smile, he held out his little arms. Eeine followed, very petite, bright and delicately fair' in her new muslin dress, which Molly had helped her to finish the day before. ' We've been taking a long walk,' whis pered the happy ilittle wife and mother. 'He has not had a bad turn for a whole week— and God bless you!' she cried softly from a full heart. CHAPTER XVII. j in thevrect6b's pew. In fine artristocratic case. The chapel was brilliantly lighted, the congregation large. Molly and her friend were given seats in the side that formed one wing of the chapel, and Ensign Harry shrank into the corner of the pew, as far from the glare of lights as possible. The chancel was decorated with flowers. On the edge of the velvet-lined lectern stood a vase of calla lilies, every one a perfect blossom, white, massive, and fragrant. A young man clad in clerical robes came forward. Molly felt her dress grasped hard, and knew that this was the Rev. Mr. Flagler. She had no opportunity then to form any conclusions as to his appearance, for she felt the weight of Ensign Harry, and feared that she had fainted. She turned. The English girl, indeed, made no sign, but Molly drew a little closer, obtained possession of her hand, and thus they sat, the one nerveless and constrained, the other striving to impart her own strength to her friend. In the rector's pew sat two women, one the rector's wife, the other not so young, j dressed in a tan colour silk and wool travelling dress, her bonnet nodding with tiny plumes, her small hands exquisitely gloved, in one of them a prayer book bound in old ivory. In her face there was lack of spiritual beauty, but the correct classical outlines, the heavy-lidded blue eyes, and the faultless complexion be trayed a Saxon origin, and the 'air aristocratic' breathed from all her move ments. Molly's heart sank. She had sometimes resorted to the chapel on Sunday evenings, with Russell Stacy, and she knew which was the rectory pew. She said to her self, — ? ' That woman is rich, refined, well-born, and worldly, and she is tho wife of Mr, Flagler.' And the expected lecture commenced. The hand enclosed in Molly's grasp grew cold us ice and then trembled violently. Smooth., eloquent, and versatile, the ad dress moved on. The lecturer looked about him a good deal, a bold self assertion in hi 3 glances — or so Molly thought. ' He is effeminate,' she mused. « That face, with tho over-large eyes, the small mouth, the florid complexion, and the smooth expressionless forehead, is not the face of a man willing, if need be, to fight for the truth. Prosperity is his God ; poverty would make him pusillanimous and a slave to the great. I. don't like him.' .But now something unexpected hap pened. The man with his sweeping glances at last took in the pale, beautiful, serious face of Ensign Harry, framed in tho dainty stylish hat. For one second he turned white, swayed, and clutched at the lectern. Everbody saw his agitation, everybody wondered. Then he took a glass of water, wet his parched lips, braced himself anew, and went on with his well-ordered address, but not once afterwards did his eyes wan der from the written page. ' After all, he must have loved her/ Molly said to herself, with a sad, forebod ing heart. Amid th.9 low, decorous, murmuring swell of voices that goes along tho aisle with the people as they leave the temple, one could hear the comments of' the con gregation. ' Very nice,' said a lady near Molly, who would have screamed at the thought of touching elbows with a Salvationist. ' Quite eloquent. Did you see the lady in the rector's pew ? That is his bride : this is their wedding trip. She is very rich, — indeed, enormously wealthy, so I hear, — and a lady by title. Yes, he made a very fine match ; clergymen are sometimes quite fortunate, don't you know? Oh, .yes, a little older than he, I should think. But that bonnet — wasn't in a dream ? Well, she can afford it : she nas millions.' Ensign Harry clutched Molly's arm just then. As they went out of church it was quite late and very dark. * Don't speak to me ; don't, please, say a word,' the English girl murmured al most convulsively. ' It is all over, and I — am punished.' And then, in less than a minute afterwards, in a voice full of anguish. ' Why, don't you talk ? Oh, Molly, Molly, say something to oomfort me, or I shall go mad.' ' Let all fail if heaven fail not/ Molly made answer, in a soft, sweet voice. ' Oh, thank you, thank you,' the girl spoke rapidly. ' All has failed ! How do I know but heaven will P Oh, Molly, he saw me !' she gasped. 'Yes, he saw you, that was evident to me, and puzzling to the congregation, no doubt,' Molly answered, asking herself in i silence what his wife would be likely to say to him about it. ' A mist came over my eyea. Didn't he stop P' Harry asked. 'He not only stopped, but almost lost his wits. Somebody said coming out that it was spasms of the heart : people always act that way from that cause'.' ? The voyage of memory !' Ensign Harry murmured. 'Oh, no, he can't have for gotten. And his face — what did you think of it ? Ah me, why do I ask ?' 'It was not the face of a high-toned man — I mean in the best sense of the word. He likes good dinners and flattery in moderate doses. He couldn't preach for his life if he didn't write his sermons.' ' Oh, Molly ! is that your estimate of the man I love ?' She had not yet nerved herself to speak of his wife. ' Of the man you did lova,' said Molly. 'It is a sin to love him now that he is married.' Ensign Harry was silent after that. ' Let me go into your room, dear,' sh® said, as they went upstairs together. She took off the pretty trifle of silk and feathers. As she held out her hand, a far-away look in her faoe, a stirring blast came from a cornet, with the click of castanets and the roll of the drum, as the men and women joined in singing ' Rescue the perishing.' The Salvation section marched sturdily along in the street below, on their way from some gathering. Tears stood in Ensign Harry'B eyes. ' Blessed little company !' she said, her voice trembling, 'humble, faithful, happy! Here, Molly ; thanks for your kindness, dear/ as she handed her the bonnet. ' I'll never again take off the badjje of my — liberty — wherewith Christ hatli made me free.' CHAPTER XVIH. coubin Lucy's beign. The road to home happiness lies over small . Btepping-stones. ' 'My dead Molly, — — ] ' I saw you last night in St. Luke's i Chapel, clothed and seemingly in your 1 right mind. What does it moan ? Why were you at the lecture delivered by the i i celebrated English clergyman ? Are you f 1 coming back to the faith ? Laat night - you were at homo. It cannot bo that you prefer the slums ! Your cousin wishes you to return. She is lonely (I don't re member that you ever considered it lonely here). I had a letter from Russell Stacy. He was in Paris, — said nothing definite a3 to his return. ' Let me hoar that you have eome to your senses. Isn't there a commandmont in some old book, 'Honour thy father and thy mother' P To be sure it doesn't aay obey, but I am old-fashioned enough to think that to a father obedienoe is due. However, I don't force you. If you won't leave, stay till you tire of them or they tire of you. ' Your Father.' Molly had often written to her father, but tho banker had never answered her letters. This was the first written word she had received from him. The sight of Molly dressed as be had been wont to see her, so touched hia I exacting heart that this short note was tho ! result. I Lucy, his neico, had been for a time I very happy in the midst of all her finery. When first invited to become a habitant of her uncle's home, her delight knew no bounds. The large, cool house, a parlouar and boudoir secured to herself feszusd literally like paradise to her. To have her own maid, plenty of spending money, and a fine wardrobe, was as near being in a state of beatitude as she could imagine. I Molly's maid stayed on because she was confident that Miss Stanley would come i back some time. She could not endure that any one should take the place of her i woll-beloved young lady. I ' She never gave herself no airs, she t didn't/ muttered the girl. ' Anyone could i see which was the lady.' Molly had declined more than half the invitations she received to social gather ings. Lucy accepted every one with eagerness, Consequently she was some what faded that first winter, and her uncle often waited for her till the toast was cold. ' My dear, Molly never kept me waiting/ he said now and then, and his very soul rebelled against the edict he had given i that his daughter was not yet to coma to I the house. I ' Tho little fool ! the little blank fool !' I he would mutter, between his teeth, only ! Ms profanity was vary much more pro nounced. ' But she is true grit ;' and he ended with a fit of admiration for her courage. Ho seldom went into society, bo he heard but few of the remarks of the busy bodies who pitied him and condemned Molly in the same breath. Home was not the same to him now. He was a proud man, and in his way very fond of Molly. Her stately beauty, — at | least she seemed Btately to him, though she was by no means tall, — her sweet I good-morning kiss, — Lucy seldom kissed him, and he did not care for her to do so, —her real love for him, for himself along, — Lucy^s face beamed only when ho gave her her allowance, — her whole gracious loveliness, in all home ministrations, were constantly in his memory. _ Lucy helped him on with his coat some times ; she kept his dressing-gown and slippers in the right place ; aha tried to remember what made for his comfort; but was not always successful. Molly never forgot things. Her habits were fixed. CHAPTER XIX. THE PBOFESSOb's VERDICT. The meaning of harmony goes deep. The windows of Professor Andromos's musical conservatory were open to the soft breezes of the ocean. The professor lived in an unfashionable quarter of the city, but in spite of that he was the musical lion of the day. Everybody knew that he chose the place because of its beauty and healthfulness,' to say nothing of the size of the monster rooms. _ The professor gave instruction only in piano and violin. The latter instrument, in his hands, told wild stories of love and romance, and he was daily petitioned by courtly dames to give lessons to their sons and daughters at fabulous rates. Opposite the house was an old-fashioned square, daintily laid out with flowering shrubs, trees, and Southern plants. Iron seats wrought into artistic patterns stood at various distances. On one of these resting-places sat Nanny Gartia. The quiver of late blossoms, sent dancing by the soft air, stirred her bouI to melody. Her deep, lustrous, spiritual eyes moved delighted from one flois-l j beauty to another. Nan was neatly dressed, yet bore Hie j impress of poverty in some curiously un- i defined way. Perhaps it was tho stamp { that penury, suffering, and self-denial had left upon her face, and that clung to her person. Her hair, abundant, glossy, and care fully dressed, flowed in loose, short curls from under a prim little hat. Lying across her lap, the green baize bag in which she carried her treasure, held in place by a shapely hand, appealed pathetic- j illy to the passer-by, proclaiming her vocation as that of a street musician. { Once or twice the child looked opposite, | ap to the window banked and hanging j ivith exquisite wreaths of colour, and J sontraeting delicately with the pearly gray tones of the great house, built over a. century ago. Presently the door of the great mansion opened, and a young girl came out, lightly patting the head of the stone lion that guarded the steps. ' She has a splendid dress on, like all the rest,' murmurod Nan, with a little im patient sigh. ' And some of them come in carriages.' she went on, as a handsome equipage with glints of yellow light on the panels drove up, and the footman opened the door for his dainty mistress. ' Ah, nobody seems to be coming out any more : now it is your turn, little beggar/ She drow from the pocket of her dresfj ? Molly's letter in a square whit9 envelope. Meantime the professor was through with his work for the day. He left the piano, where he had been busy evolving a bright sweet prelude, and stood looking into the square, hisfaceframedinthevir.es and gorgeously coloured blooms that he cultivated in window pots. A knock sounded at the door. ' Come in/ lie Baid, then in a more im-, patient voice, ' Come in. Don't you hearP The door opened. The great professor stared and wondered. Never had a creature so hopelessly plebeian crossed the fchrasholti beiore. Generally his usher, a gorgeous creature in gold and blue, heralded the visitor with a card on a silver salver. How came this one un heralded P ? The lower door was open, sir. I didn't ring, but came upstairs/ said the child in a frightened voice. ' Ah £ I'll give Pierre the devil for this/ growled the professor. Then, seeing the child's frightened eyes, eyes like those of some startled, beautiful animal, he changed, his tone : 'Well, well, child, quick, what do you want? I haven't a dime — no, nor av penny,- bub good Lord, tnei-e's a quarter — take it and go. I pan't waste my time, youngster.' ' Oh, sir, I didn't come begging. Did you think I had, to you ? I don't want the quarter, sir. I earn quarters, myself, sometimes. But yon see my father was a musician, and I'd like to forget. Here's a letter for you, sir.' The child had hardly recovered from her fright, but she was a brave little thing,.. Siiiu fa u allowed the lump tiiac kept rising in her threat. This man looked so grand, so utterly out of reach, in his black; silk velvet; dressing gowu faced with red satin, and the ? plush smoking-cap under which his grey hair curled like a boy's. His eyo3 were very black and piercing, too, and seemed to look lier tnrough and. through. Yes, she was brave to k-^ep her courage up and the tears down. HiB pupils were generally more afraid of him. than sho. Taking the letter, the professor went to wards tho Avindow, where Nan's startled, anxio.us glances took: i/i all the glory of the Southern verdure. He pub on his gold-rimmed glasses, and red as follows : ' Dkau Pkofessoii Andkohos, — 'You will remember that I have your - pupil ever since I was six years old. That was for twelve years. Now I have a favor to ask you, a very great favor. I don't know that you will care to grant it, but, » ah ! if you only will ! ' Little Nan Gartia, who Avill was you . this letter, is a protegee of mine. I think, though a poor little orphan of Italian parentage, she is a diamond in the - ?rough. If not, then surely I am no judge of precious tilings in human nature. She ? has also a violin that must be of great value, for it has been in her family, as far as I can learn, nearly two hundred years. Her great- great-grandfather played upon it, and it has the appearance of extreme age, as well a3 the silvery, resonant tones of a masterpiece. Please, dear professor, i don't frighten the little creature with your patrician manner, and sent word to me the very least for which you will give her one lessor a week, that is, if in your estimation she is worth the effort. I have found her quick, teachable, and far beyond her age in musical matters. She is, I think, gifted with remarkable genius. ' Your friend and pupil, ' Molly Stanley.' ' Ah !' and a strong face took on a gleam of good nature as he pulled his long droop ing moustache. 'I can't refuse what my child asks me, can I ?' He loaked up reflectively. His 'child' Molly had always been from the time he first looked over her golden head at the grand piano and laughed because the little one could not reaeh the pedals. He east a furtive glance at the 'girl- standing there. ' Good eves.' he said to himself under his breath. Presently he saw a solitary tear roll over the pale brown cheek. The night touched him. ' So you have an old violin, eh ?' he said, briskly. ' Wuat to sell P' ' Oh, no, sir. It belonged to my father/ she said, simply, ' and my fathor is dead.' ' ' Ah, ef : d- ?.d, is he P Did ho pJay P' ' Ke pl-iycti in orchestra. Once he was a leader., bub after his long sickness he ? lost his piacc*. At last he had to play in the street to support mother and ma. Mother is dead too/ she went on, in a low voice. (To be continued.) 