Melbourne $bou)$. There was a good house at Her Majesty's to witness the revvial of that cheerful veteran, The Old Guard, but it was a red-hot night, and Melbourne was permeated with vapors direct from the pit, and consequently the theatre held an enervated audience that could only rise to an eloquent occasion with difficulty, and the people left, resolved to come again and see the spirited show under more propitious circumstances. When the mercury is playing Like a fountain o'er the glass, And the drops of water straying Down your spine in trickles pass, 'Tis no time for the the-a-ter— We should stage our quaint device, In a vast refrigerator, And perform the thing on ice! The revival of The Old Guard calls up many memories which I struggle to repress in writing of the present presentation. The theatrical critic who recalls too many things, and wants to inflict his recollections upon his readers at so much per recollect, is apt to speedily degenerate into an awful bore. After all, criticism should concern itself with the thing in hand, and it is not of much interest or comfort to playgoers to hear at great length that such and such people who are past and gone, played So-and- So's part ever so much better or worse. Planquette's opera is built like a watch, and jewelled in many holes; it's music is like bubbling wine, and Farnie, the librettist, is more frothy and frivolous than the average maker of comic operatic literature. By attempting little, Farnie has accomplished just about enough, and although the humor is pantomimy, it is honestly and openly so, and the result is more satisfactory than the more labored efforts of better men in the near past. George Lauri is a very successful Poiydore Poupart, and kept the house busy cracking its sides and shedding its shirtbuttons during his stay on the stage. George's singing would not attract me for miles over a stony road, but I would be glad to drop in often to witness his good fooling as' the Grand Militaire. Livelier fun has been got out of the shaving incident in Act 1, and the bar- room turn with Follow-the-Drum, but a good clowning part is brightly clowned by the portly comedian, and Melbourne is well pleased with him. Wallace Brownlow is a capital Marcel, and was' favored with numerous encores. He and Chas. Kenningham scored with the fetching military duet, Qui Yive, and Kenningham scored on his own in other spots and places. But Chas. should endeavor to repress a sort of baby-boyishness that creeps into his characters and recalls his past clerical saint in La Poupee, rather to his present, disadvantage. Hugh Ward and P. B. Bathurst are both elegantly dressed, and fitting neatly into the picture in well-acted parts as two old French swells of the Napoleonic regime. With Carrie Moore Murielle seems a smaller part than it should be, but she is bright and pretty and musical, and is to be condoled with on having to play second fiddle to one comic mayor when her opportunities arrive. Miss Fyvie Dench shapes well as Fraisette, but was not successful as a warbler in rather an important warbling part. Miss Maud Chetwyn is a bright and sparkling Patatout, ditto Miss Lily Everett as Followthe-Drum, although overshadowed by recollections of winsome little Vi. Varley. The Old Guard should have a successful run pending the appearance of Florodora, which is billed as the next attraction at Her Majesty's. But I had almost overlooked the rattling French ballet, which is the most stirring and delightful feature of The Old Guard. There is a charming flight of beautiful fresh young girls in this entrancing dance, and they sweep through it with a flutter of gay draperies like ruffling humming birds, and the sweet, quaint music, and the happily conceived dance so ravishingly danced together quite brought down the house on Saturday night, in spite of the atmospheric pressure. At the Princess the grand opera season finished with a cosmopolitan operatic mixture on Saturday night, the last scene of all ending this Grange successful history being the spectacle of the whole company, and the full pressure of an enlarged and excited orchestra bearing down with all their combined weight upon the national anthem, so that the conclusion was a wild, triumphant blare of patriotic noise. The public gave the crowd an affectionate send-off, and parted with Miss Janson in particular as though it loved her like ia sister—another fellow's sister. Talma p h o t o S y d n e y . Umberti of Italy Lightens the gloom of The Bohemian Girl -with an angelic smile. Mrs> Stanislaus Calhaen, Comedienne, At Princess Theatre, Melb. All l Carmen dear, if poor old Spain Has many daughters gifted so, She should npt strive her sons to train, But send her girls, if e'er again She has to fight a manly foe. On Monday night one of George Musgrove's London successes, The Scarlet leather, was to have foeen staged at the Princess, with Nellie Stewart in the first place, the popular Joe Tapley •head tenor, and new ladies and new comedians from various important places scattered through, the show,, and I presume the expected happened, D.Y., and, weather permitting, but as the two (governments refused to provide me with special postal accommodation, this matter had to be written beforehand. Withholding my opinion of the discourtesy of the two governments, which shall be nameless, but both of whom owe a great deal to me, I will merely express THE CRITIC'S hope that The Scarlet Feather was a tremendous success, and that nobody perished in the crush, and pass on to other things. They are talking 0f another tremendous drama for the delectation of Bland Holt's Royal visitors,, but there is not yet any pressing need for change of person or scene as the Absent-Minded Beggar is still doing big business. As an employer, B. H. is a decided boon and blessing to Melbourne, something like 300 people coming up smiling every time to watch the pedestrian feats of the Royal ghost. A man who circulates cash in this 'way has a direct influence on rates and taxes, house rents, food prices, the marriage market, general commerce, and the local census. This is almost enough to make one kindly disposed towards the Absent-Minded Beggar as dramatised by Arthur Shirley, but there, I am implacable. When J. F. Sheridan moves into *,he Lyceum on November 31st, he commences his season with a two-act musical comedy entitled The Topsy-Turvy Club, in which he plays a very talkative lady. Should this not fill the gap until Christmas, he may put up his version of East Lynne. It is not yet decided what the holiday bill will be. STARGAZER. Talma photo,, Melb. Tenor Tapley, Musgrove's Comic Opera Co. 