AMUSEMENTS. I'LORODORA AT HER MAJESTY'S When pieces which have made a great hit in London or New York are first presented to an Australian audience, it sometimes chances that, in place of admiration and keen enjoyment, the sentiment Uiev chicliv arouse is one of sheer wonder as to how they could ever have met with nny degree of approval at all. In the case of Florodora, produced before a very large audience at the above theatre on Saturday evening, there is no manner of difficulty in accounting for its success elsewhere. It abounds in bright and tuneful music; the dialogue is crisp and smart; the action brisk and vivacious; the dresses are almost dreams of loveliness; and . the ecenery equal to anything that even Mr. J. 0. Williamson has ever placed before us— and, as we all must admit, his is no nig gard's hand in such matters. The company, strong already in the possession of Mies Carrie Moore, Miss Maud Chetwynd, Messrs. H. J. Ward, Kenningham, Brown- . low, Lauri and many another, has been still iurther strengthened by the engagement of . Miss Grace Palotta, one of the prime favo rites of the old Gaiety days. It will thus be setn that there was abundant cause for the enthusiasm which pervaded every part of Her Majesty's Theatre on Saturday night. Florodora is less a comic opera than a musical comedy; but while, as this descrip tion would indicate, the "variety' 'element is at times a good deal in evidence, some of the music is on a distinctly higher level than is customary in pieces of the latter category. The "story," for which Mr. Uwen Hall is responsible, is not remarkable for continuous dramatic interest, and a mere outline will here suffice. Air. Cyrus W. Cilfain, an American millionaire of CO, \- lias made his vast fortune out of a per fume which lie calls after the island Floro dora, where he carries on its manufacture, the said island being one of the Philippine group. Through some obscure machination in years gone by lie has feloniously appro- ' printed this island, its rightful owner being a native girl, Dolores, who works in Gij- iam s factory and whom he is anxious to marry in order to cover up any flaw in his title deeds. Dolores, however, loves and is loved by n young Englishman, Frank Aber- eoed, Gilfain's manager, who emigrated to get out of a matrimonial entanglement, and who has just succeeded to a peerage. This latter fact is known to Gilfain, but unsus pected by Aborcoed, and the American schemes to "hook" the peer for his daughter, Angela, with that intent ordering h or to throw over the man of her choice, . Arthur Donegal. He enlists as ally a bogus .professor of phrenology, who chances to arrive on the island, ostensibly to practise his calling, but in reality to find out the daughter of the man to whom the island by right belonged, betore Gilfuin took possession. The profes sor tells Gilfain of his plan for inducing hap piness in marringe by mating people accord ing to the bumps on their heads, a defect of any desirable quality in the husband must be balanced by an excess in the wife, and vice versa (on the "Jack Spratt could eat 110 fat" principle): and he falls in with Gil fain s suggestion that in the case of the two marriages the latter has at least science, and shall be the handmaid of expediency. But though lie carries out his part of the compact to the letter, Abercoed, . Angela and Dolores all flatly refuse to abide by his phrenological pronouncements, and Gilfain, in a rage, bundles Abercoed out of the island. In the next act we are transported to Abercoed Castle, in Wales, .recently bought by Gilfain from the necessitous peer whom Frank Abercoed had succeeded. Dol ores and her phrenological protector arrive in disguise in order to unmask the villain in his lair, and all that needs to be said of the method by which tliey accomplish their purpose is that while it is quite beyond the ken of ordinary human understanding, it proves entirely satisfactory in the end. Gil fain admits "everything" (without actually specifying "anything") ; agrees to make full restitution, marries a lady of quality whom he had engaged to manage his house hold, and leaves the young people free to follow out their own ideas of connubial . bliss. In the above sketch only the briefest men tion has been made of the character im personated bv Miss Grace Palotta. In point of fact Lady Holyrood, the "lady of quality," alluded to in the closing sentence, is hardly a "personage of the drama" at all. She is in it, but not of it. She "turns up" in Florodora; tells Abercoed of his accession , and of the marriage of the woman with whom he had been engaged; she takes con trol of Abercoed Castle; impersonates' the "ghost," which finally'" terrifies Gilfain into confessing his crime; and she marries the criminal immediately afterwards— presum ably on nothing, since "restitution would bring him to beggary. But though all this is so. Florodora without a Lady Holy- rood— and without a particularly good Lady Holyrood to boot — would be unthinkable. Miss Grace Palotta has precisely the charm' which such a part requires. She "per vades" the play like some subtle essence. Graceful ana winsome in every gesture, she makes you (for the time, at least) complete ly forget how little she really has to do with what is going on; you begin to feel sure that she is the central figure of the whole story, the main point on which every thing turns. And this is lnrgely, if not en tirely, due to the captivating personality of the actress. Five yeara ago she habitually played parts here wherein a slight French accent was rather ail improvement than otherwise; now she undertakes one where (in the dialogue, at least) it would be a .disfigurement; and . accordingly hard ly a trace of it remains. Mis3 Palotta lays no claim to being a singer; she "talks" her songs mostly, makes every word tell, and in fine produces exactly the effect intended. When I Leave Town, Tact, and I've an Inkling are her three chief op portunities, and she makes the most of all. How many times each one was encored we do not pretend to know, but cacli of them won delighted approval. The triumphs she gained on lier former visit to Australia bid fair to be equalled if not eclipsed on this. Miss Carrie Moore plays the part of Do lores with an intelligent grasp of all its possibilities. She has a good scene .with Abercoed in Act I., and- a piece of absurd fooling with Tweedlepunch, the phrenolo gist, in Act II., and Blie makes the most of botrn; while her dancing is delightfully neat and clever, and her singing generally accept able. Angela Gilfain is capitally imperson ated by Sliss Maud Chetwynd, who sings very agreeably (lier solo, The Fellow Who Might, with an effective whistling refrain from the chorus, being one of the successes of the evening), and acts with a sprightly vivacity that earned for tier the warm ap preciation of the audience. Mr. CharlesKenningham, as Donegal, sings a taking duet with Angela, Galloping, and introduces two solos from his own pen, the one in the first act being a quaint and highly captivating song, with a sort of old world "flavor" about it, while that in" the second, a stirring military ditty, is also very effective of' its kind. The music allotted to - Mr. Wallace Brownlow, as Abercoed, is chiefly of the drawingrooni ballad order, and as such won him marked favor; but he had also a nice little duet. If You're in Love with Somebody, to sing with Miss Moore. Mr. H. J. Ward's Gilfain, though n "heavy" part in the sense of giving him a lot to say, hardly affords much scope for his style of humor; and if we except a pro bably" interpolated dance, which he exe cuted with a neatness all his own, his per formance would scarcely lead those who do not know him to suspect what a genuinely clever artist he is. For this, however, Mr. Ward is noit to blame; in no greater de gree, most assuredly, than is Mr. Bathurst for hot making more ot the small part for which he is cast. ... The real comic business is, of course, in the hands of Mr. George Lauri, who makes the sham phrenologist as humorous and mirth- provoking as any of the numerous low comedy parts he has yet essayed. Mr. I.auri's style is familiar to everyone; but however similar two of his parts may seem to be, he never repeats himself, and his Tweedlepunch will give his many admirers further cause to applaud his talent. Of the many bits of funny "biz" which he intro duces, it will suffice to refer to his final ap pearance as an old -Welsh bard thrumming on his harp, and working upon the fears of Gilfain. , Mr. John Gordon, the scenic artist, has keen equally happy with his fancy picture of Florodora, and with his realistic view of Abercoed Castle, with a ' genuine Welsh background of mountains; and a word of praise is due to the excellent me chanical contrivance whereby the latter scene gives place instanter to' a saloon in the castle. The chorus singing is good throughout. Florodora will be repeated every evening till further notice. The first .matinee of Florodora -will be given at Her Majesty's on Wednesday next at 2 o'clock. At the Princess's Theatre, The Scarlet Feather, with Miss Nellie Stewart in the leading role, has entered upon its last nights. The production is a characteristic one of the light operatic school, and com bines the two qualities which playgoers in sist on having — mirth and music. The cos tumes are pretty ana appropriate, the "book" sufficiently clever and up to date for the requirements of musical comedy, for The Scarlet Feather is more musical comedy tlmp light opera, and the music almost in variably bright. The Christmas attraction et this theatre will be a pantomime, which is being prepared on a scale of great magni ficence. . . 