Concerning Music. At last the long-promised Greek play is announced for performance in Melbourne. It was rumoured that Aristophanes' amusing comedy, " The Wasps," was to be given by Ormond College last year, but the necessary dramatic talent was not forthcoming in the college. Now it is definitely stated that the "Frogs" of Aristophanes is to be given next Easter. Those who had the good fortune to be present some years ago at either or both of the performances of the "Birds," by the same Greek author, will remember with pleasure the beautiful nightingale song, the music of which was written by the Rev. Johannes Heyer, M.A., a student at Ormond. It was admirably sung bv Mr. Darnley Naylor, classical lecturer at Ormond, who is the possessor of a remarkably sweet and pure tenor voice. The musical declamation, so ably done by Mr. Ostormeyer, M.B., was also a brilliant success. Mr. Heyer afterwards wont to Germany to study theology and music, and has but a modest opinion of this composition, though Professor Marshall-Hull priised it highly. * * * At tho Melbourne Lsidertafol Concert on 26th November, Elva Rogers considerably added to the very favourable impression she had already made at the Conservatorinni Students' Concert, by her wonderfully beautiful contralto voice.'" The "Domino Deus" duet, from Bach's Mass in G major, was not well adapted for displaying her voice to advantage; but the Haydn solo, though suggestive of vaults and eerie ghosts, allowed her round, mellow notes free play. The difficulty is that very few solos have been written by good composers for contralto singers, the Rossi excerpt, which Miss Rogers recently gave, being one of the best of the few exceptions. So long as she is in the judicious haVids of two such instructors as Professor Marshall-Hall and Madame Wiedermann-Pinschof, this gifted young singer, who is only just out of her teens, will happily run no risk of being "boomed" and forced on to endless public platforms to the destruction of all freshness and charm in her voice. Musical Melbourne is keenly interested in the operatic performances by some University Conservatorium students, which takes place next' Saturday afternoon at ller Majesty's. Professor Marshall-Hall's colossal power of work is too well known to dilate upon. Madnne Wiedorniann- Pinschof and he have been for months past indefatigable in rehearsals and preparations. And the students have nobly done their share. Excerpts are to bo given from Mozart's "Figaro," Meyerbeer's " Prophete," Wagner's " Flying Dutchman," and Humpcrdinck's " Hansel und Gretel.' And the mad scene from " Lucia " is to be done by Miss Kate Samuells, one of the many clover young vocalists who hail from Bcndigo. She does great honour to the Golden City by her delightful soprano voice, which is always pure, clear and true. Another point which adds to the charm of her voice is the extraordinary ease, and apparent absence of effort, in her singing. There is, consequently, no grimace, no writhing of shoulders, such as mar the itigtng of many good nKis^. . » » . We regret that several printer's errors crept into our notes, in last week's issue, on the Licdertafel and Philharmonic concerts. Most of them were self evident. We need only mention that Signor Rebottaro's fine voice is, of course, baritone, not bass. And Professor Hall and Herr Siede arc famed for the " thoroughness," not " thoughtfulness " of their work. • Miss Monti McCaughey is to appear, as a youth in " Figaro," and in " Hansel und Gretel." Nothing save her affection for Madame Pinschof would have succeeded in overcoming her diffidence in this matter. And a charming young lad she will make! She has great natural dramatic ability, and a fine stage voice, both of which have developed wonderfully at the Conservatorinni. This is the last performance by the students during the present tenure of Professor Hall. His 1 loyal pupils, therefore, strain every effort to make it a memorable success, and thereby to show outsiders the splendid work done by the brilliant occupant of the chair in the past, and—may one hope —in the future. MTSS DAISY HA.RCOURT, the clover litttr character sketch artist at the Bijou Theatre. Photo, by Talma, Sydney and Melbourne. 