k GPiEAT IROHO: ; OK, THE JKYSTEBIT OF BXiAC , ITOLKOW GltAXOE. CHAPTER XXIX- — Coxnsua Lady Biauca, tall, and handsome, aud gracious, was about to remove bt-r fc'IoTC, to xeceive tbe maniacs ring, whtu Lbcre arose a commotion at the floor. Lady Marlowe glanced round, and saw Sir Harry Tr&ban; advanciog foliow«d by Bome two ortbrcc otiieis. Something in the set, . «tern look of his face struck terror to be? "heart. He came up with a rapid, ringing step, Straight to the altar rail. 41 Uciii V be cried, his voice like a bugle ; this marriage mcT not go on." The clergyman flopped and stared ; old 6ir Hereford wbceltd round, and angrily de manded what was wanted : the bride arched her delicate brows and awaited ;n wcii- bred amazement; while Lady Mar.owc grew white to the blonde crimps 011 her brow. The bridegroom bad turned with the rtst, and looki ng beyond Sir Hwry, Lad caught ght or the little shrinking figure in the background. At a single glance be re.-ognic-.u her. A Loaree cry broke from ids l.;. Me p his brhiu from huu and rasueti uuo the Aisle. 'Isabel. Isabel 1" ac ciied. "my wife! myduriiuc ! uavc you come back ?' Shu wa» iu his arms in uniLrtaUC, clinging about nib n- ck, the t ears tutai.iing over her white cbcL-ko Ji'se vain. 44 Aitbur, Arlburl" she sobbed, I never thought to see you again ; but I i»nve loved you throuL'h all mv misery 1 And 1 Leti- & little baby, your own cliiidf Asthux. We sould not bring it because of tue cold,., He held her cloe to his lieai-t, his eyes alight wjtu all their old fire. 44 1 have been a fool/and in a dream ; but, inank Heaven! I am awake now/" be cried. 44 Si:e is my wife," confronting t!.e awe- striuken group at tue altar, "my own wife, and this tnariiage cannot pr<iceed." Ludy Marlowe and Lady Biauea simuitr.u- ; eouely fainted away ; orange blossoms \v«'.ra ; crushed, laces tumbled, aad in uire coufa j sion the wc-viaing to an end. i Is&od; «iil ciinging to her husband, lifted ' her piteous eves to bis lloj. 44 Vou won't let teem lake me from you ftgain, will you, Arthur she whispered. I fie strained her closj to Lis heart, I 4 My daiiing, no I Xo one.shall ever take 1 you froai me again !" CHAPTER YXX, CLOTILDAS COXrE?<;CN. The norning appointed for Hie execution of the murderer of Arthur Tievetlion had arrived. I'hi whole siorv of his crime had bt:cn told, and the true Sir Geoffrey, the man whose name and heritage he had so long usurped, Dad been found, and brought face to face wiiii the mitczaule criminal in his coll. The two ttood ere to eye — Kii:g Lar and tbe man who had so long borne bis onme. A flash, of returning memory brightened the u'.c man's eye. " I know him ; I remember him,1' lie said. 44 His name is Andrew Bruce. i g.v.-e mr child int.-' his keeping. What has he done jtith him 7" 44 » uiurdcred him." answered (he felon, gnaiiiing bis teeth and rattling his chains ' as I would minder you cow, if 1 could get st your throat." Th.re was no donbt of the cM man's idemUy# If there was. the evidence o; Lurd Harry Eofhivell cleared it all Rri\\\ " ir GcoiTrey and myself were collc-gc chums." lie ss: i. 41 s-7i.ra l'ritnds and allies. If >ou want a lot, I can give you one. My oM frii nd. «?:! f?r«> , bad a curious iua:k on bis arm — a JuJe scar, precisely in tue form of Atriansle.' King Lear laughed hie cheery laugh, and piifeued up the sleeve of hi.-, right arm. U'hfttBshariifelJjvr R tthWell is; he al ways was." he sr'iI. ' Xow I hal quite for gotten that little mark, but there it is, gentlemen." So the case was settled to every . one'# satisfaction, and after years of exile, 'the beir of Treretlioa was reetrjred to his rightful h-.Titagc. In company with Miss Trevetbon, liis oiecu. be took up hi abode at the ancestral mansion, Lyniiith Hail. And f>n this cheerier winter mnrr.in?. tbe .xecutioa was to take plce. la punish- un-nt. of his crimij. Andrew Truce was to sofi'er the extreme penalty of tbe Jaw. But he remained unrepentant to tbe last, refus. ing to see a clergyman or to make the least preparations for etc-mily. Loudon was all excitement that winter morning, and crowds of caper spectator trooped in trie cirecLiun the spot, where too tragic deed was to be don-; . The criminal was a famous on?, snd every detail of tbe preliminary proceedings wr"< carried out witbofiic'a! oecrr.iu. Trie royal troops were in attendance ; the officers en tered tbe prison to bring forth their victim, they went tramping into tbe dark cell, and found not the criminal they cxpicted.to see, but a woman. A ghost they at first sight believed her to be, and rccoile-.I in amazed horror. A blood less, aged creature crouching on the pallet of straw, her hoi low eyes glittering in the gloom, like lurid fi:c. 44 Your victim has escaped, and I am here ic his stead," she said, speaking in follow tones, while they stood stunned and silent. 44 Gold can work wonders. and I had gold. Hang me in hie stead, if you will, but first bring a clergyman to hear my con fession." The clergyman came, and with tbe sacred crucifix before her eyes, the wretched crea ture went on : " He was my husband, Andrew Bruce, the man who has so long usurped Sir Geoffrey Trevethon'e name and title, aad his eon was my child, not Richmond Trevetbon. For long years I have known the secret, and have held my pr:ace. He made me swear by the blessed crucifix never to be I ray him, and well have I kept my oath , bat I mut break it no w. My sins lie heavy on my soul, and £ am dying. Ana mere, uruueumg uuhu 211 rue prison cell, while the dreary morning waned with out and the impatient crowd wp.ited, she made her confession, detailihgall the strange story of crime and sin which ehe bad r 11 own to long. 44 He was my husband," Bbe 6aidf in con clusion, 41 and I have saved him Irom the death he so richly merited. Let him go, Sir Geoffrey Trevetbon is restored to his rights. Heaven saved -him from the sea and from 1 death by & ctir&cle.; I have known tbe truth nil these years. His body was caEt ashore on the Fresch coast, and he was restored to lire ; bnt his niiad was gone ; he had neither .Others to au ULgliab mad-boose. All the par ticulars of tile strange affair vera told to me 1>y one who knew, and you may relyon them. Heaven hat restored Sir Geoffrey to his own, and you can afford to let my wretched hus band go." And Sir Geoffrey's sou, uichmond ; have you heard nothing of him. since you ieft him that night on the banks of the Lorie " asked one of her hearers. ' -1 Yes, I found him again in the cottage of n peasant woman 1 She had found him, and restored him to life, but he was like his father, left without memory of tbe past. That blow on bti tetnple had injured his btiun, and his mind was a blank. Tbe peas- < tint woman couid not keep him. and I took din with mv, intendragto bide him from An drew, in tea great city of Londoq "Se very day of ray arrival, while I was almost beside mvself Andrew should find that the lad Htod. I Ml ht "'th a country woman. She wLi rittteff on the steps of a church, and to lasafcitg » l»j>protsheS h -t ta inquire the cause, tor my own mis ry vri so gret, I teemed to pity all human auf f-riug- Seeing the child at ay side, ehft Entered a piercing orys \- uii, ne looks so much like my boy, thought he had come back from the grave/ eiie eiJ, coming close tome, and sobbing piUoiwly. 14 1 pitied ber, and asked her to tell me bet dory. Hcrbusband had gone off to sea, to be gone for yeai-s, and she, having accompanied i>:m as far as Loudon, was returning home w ih her son. But the lad bad strayed out iia-t tue streets, and a runaway ho.ss bad j fincckod hioj down, and trampled onhiin kiirin-.r hi in instantly. " Hi 's dead, and they've burned bim/shf continued,- wi-iuuinjr her bands, my pretty b-v. cud Lis fr.Lhcr's :r.st words were, 4 Tak gnoc c.;re o1 the lad ; if barm befall him, I'li ncr c-'jmc home to you again while I live. Aud he's dsr.d now dead and buried, anc how s'lail I ever face his father?' 4iA thought fished into my mind. I wantec to be riti of the poor lad whose life 1 bad eared. 1 knew if Andrew ever found out that he livtd, be would murder ua both- so it struck me that I would give tbe ladtc this woman whose son web dead. I made the proposal to her, explaining that tbe Jati v.-:- frlrudics?, and bed been injured by f hurt—" She pauBod.bcr brctb gone, her face livid They ftdintuisiered restoratives, and ehe re covered. 41 j n. her terrible trouble, tbe poor creature jumped at my pr'ip. »nl," she went on j ,4th< ir vvfis J .-ke" her dead son, and she wonlo j ;ik-? h:m, ami tioin iiini up to look upon bei e; bis in-sii.-cr, r»n eray enough thing to do ! s r.ee hia riiLd was like an infant's. Well i eh»: took him, aud — " S:;e paused again, a deeper pallor on bei j face, ft hofi:st rattle in ber threat. Once l cjr.ie the restoreiivi-s were aduiim»tered,bu1 I :o:a without effect. She signed j ior tbe ciucxfix, pressed it to her lips !, drew a long, convulsive breath, and fel ! LoL- i.T-.ATi th. etrstv hftr storv Iftft un- j fiuisbeu. A week later, one stormy morning, tbe current of & swollen river washed the body vi a ir.Rn ashore, and wben the affair was it turned oat to be tbe body oi i he lelou, Andrew Bruce. Escaping from a tare he dcseived, he bad met his death. 41 Yur.geauco ie mine," saith the Lord ; 44 J wiU repey 1" CHAPTER XXXL 44 So the whole thing is settled, you see, ; !£iss Trevetbon,' 11 said Sir Harry Tresham, ! relating the particulars of poor Clotilde's I to Lenore, in the library at Lyndith J Uai!. The poor soul died with the un- I finished story oa ber iips.and, of course, we j rhall never hear aught eie of Sir Geoffrey's ! .-on. He died, doubtless, from the effects of | the injuries he received at the fiend's hands; i or, if he lived, grew up aa idiot. An awful pity for poor King Lear ; bis heart seems so tet on finding his son ; but I feel rather glad on your account, Miss Trevetnon 1" Lenore looked down at the tay golden hoop— the emblem of beryoutbfua betrothal — with a suppressed sigh, wbethei f regret cr relief she could not have told. 14 You will feel so much relieved 'lyonr iiiinj.'1 Sir Harry went on, 44 all that rouble about your poor father's will is | ended. You are free now to choose any | .ecu yoa fancy for your husband, and — and i He stammered aud then stood silent, flash- i r.j: iiot to the roots of his blonde hair. ; mre looked up at him, sn arch twinkle in j . cr biuc eye.L j "Dju't do it, Sir Harry, please oon't," fhe laughed; "don't renew your proposal, be- i iii.ns" von think I expect you to do so ! If u do, 1 se.aii give you the old answer. I : j not fe»tl free to marry, I must wait. Were ; oiijerv.-ise, I could not marry you, because — i-iere now, don't iet it hurt your vanity, 1 .). -cause — I don't love you! Now, that's c tudid. Come. Sir Hcrry, be as frank with | ;::e. My prophecy has come true. Yoa changed your mind! Who is my i bir Harry turned "all colors, and stam- niered furiously; bnt through all, bis relief j ;vas evident. At last he broke into an j .-iciused iaugh. I You're a witch. Miss Trevetbon. I have S' cuanged my mind, though I'm ashamed to confess it. The £&u;\t is «U. <yoar.p«n, iow. fever. Von retascii vny offer, mnd sunt "me I fd to that gruesome old manor, where I j cioiii within an ace of breaking my neck, j -ud— and a pretty wood-nymph found me, : and saved ray life — " | "Aud you fell in love with her ?" inter i posed Lenore' ' 4 You have guessed it, Miss Trevethon. N'ow confess that you despise me for my ficRleneea.-' 1 44 Nay, I honor yon I Tbe worst of folly is io waste love where it is not wanted. Sir Harry, 1 am so glad." ! A week later found Sir Harry again at the ; Feiisidc farmhouse. 44 Miss ileivilie," be grid, standing at the ' window which opened on the sunset moors, . I have come to know my fate this time. The journey from London is rather long, and suspense ie very wearing. I want to know : the truth. I love you, Maud, and I honor you as much as 1 love your- Will you be 1 my wife ?" 8be turned round and looked at him with I her clear. leader eyes. 44 You really love me 1" she eaid. I 44 1 do, with a deeper, worthier love than I ' ever gave to any other woman," ; Her lips quivered aud her eyes fell. He , put his arai about her, and drew her close to hie heart. 44 Maud, do you think you can learn to re- ; turn my love f ' he asked, j 4iTbe task will not be hard," she an- i swered. 44 Sir Harry, I love you now." | The sunset faded from off the wild moora, i and with the dark came a messenger from ! :he GerUart cottage. Tbe mother of Am- ' urose was dying, and Maud was summoned i to her bedside. Tuey gathered about her, ! |ust ;is tue bells in the adjacent village | struck the midnight hour. 44 1 shall never see tbe sun rise," she said, ! her voice weak and broken. "My end is at. I naud, and I cannot die with an untruth" i upon my siuful soul. Come nearer, Donald, I you aud Ambrose, and forgive me for what | i am abuut to tell. You rememberyour last i words to me. haabanri. when vnn thai long Voyage? Yon said if I let harm befall our lad, you'd never come home to me again. And I was so fond of you, Donald " "flo r wife! poor wife!" said her hus band, caressing her white face. " Let me go od," she gasped ; " my breath is falling. Donald, Ambrose there tr twt our smi Our boy was killed in London the very day you sailed." Father and son uttered a simultaneous cry. ' Forgive me," the poor wife went on ; "I was ao rond of you, Donald, .nil i .bated «n oJm&mnnnliii.i; III »|I'|| Mill. -mlli'ii -whlle l sat lamenting the fate of oar -toy, and she had' a laid with her who bid the look of onr little Ambrose. And when I cried out and canght him in my arms, she offered to let me bare him; She said he was an orphan, and had been hart in the head, so that his memory was gone, and there was soma one who would kilt him if she kept him. And 1 took the lad, Donald, and she gave me a pu rse <if gold and a little package ,f money in Sank -of England notes ; yon'U. find them in tbe drawer ofihe walnut side- bos rd ' So I took the lad and brought him home with me, snd for months he was : like an idiot. At last his mind came back to him, but he knew nothing of the past except when I told him ; and I reared him up to believe himself onr son. Ambrose I nave loved yon like a mother.. Can yon forgive mef" The yonng man bent down and kissed her panting lips, bnt poor Donhld, who hadoved his handsome son with a neat love, turned aside his face and werit. . , -f- . The news went down to London that Sir Geoffrey Trerethon's son had been found, and it also reached Lahore's -ezra. Her face grew ashen white, snd tie paper containing the wonderful tidings fell from her hand. ' I cannot marry him — I will not," she said, speaking under her breath. And when, on tbe following day,- Am brose and Sir Harry reached Lyndiih Hall, they found only King Lear to welcome them. He fell upon the neck of Ambrose and wepi like a child. 41 My boy 3 my boy 3 How well 1 xeaaembei tbe day I promised your dying mother to bring you home to England, and to yoor rightful heritage, aud here yon are I Through great perils God has brought ua to each other 1 I might have known it I Your face struck me the - first time I ret eyes on it. I might have known you were my son" But Miss Trevethon had gone, leaving only a brief note behind her, addressed to Rich mond Trevethon. 44 X canuoc obey my father's will ana become your wife ; hence I go. The Treve tbon heritage is mine— I leave it as a gift foi you." That was alL Ambrose read the brief lines a great agony at his heart. "Til fiud her," he said, 44 if it takes years aud release her from her bonds." . And for months he was a wanderer, going iroui cisy to city, always on her iratE, bul losing sight of her at t!»e Last hour- Oue summer evening, iu au old wotIo cathedral, gorgeous with tbe purple glory ol stained windows, and filled with strains oi divine music, tney met face to face. Site turned from toe pictured Madonna before which she stood, her face growing deadly pale. Miss Trevethon," spoke Ambrose, 4,I bavi found you at last, thank Heaven 1 Why did you leave your home snd your heritage 2 Yoc must return to them." _ cannot marry Sir Geoffrey Trevethon' BOD !" 44 Sir Geoffrey's son will release you." 44 That wiil not alter the case, or change the letter of my father's will. But how should you know what Sir Geoffrey's eon will or will not do 2 Are you his messenger?" Something in her face thrilled him tc liis heart's core ; he shook like a reed in the wind. 44 How should I know? Surely, Mise Treve tbon, you are not ignorant of the fact that i ain Sir Geoffrey's sun?" 44 You '/" She drew back, growing white to the lips. 44 Answer, me, for Heaven's Bake," he im plored. 4 Did you know?" 44 1 did not." 44 Yet you left 1 What does it mean? Oh do not deceive me ; do not trifle with me. Lenore 1 What is it I read in your eyes tual emboldens me to speak? I love you — loveyon as i shall never love another woman. I have loved you since that awful n»gut — loved you in silence and secrecy. Speak to mt Lenore 1" She looked up, her eyes melting with in finite tenderness. 44 And you are Sir Geoffrey's son?" she eaid Boftly. 44 1 am." He 6tood waiting, his arms folded across his breast. Sue caught up the little ring, still glittering on her chain, and pressed it to her lips. 44 Precious little pledge, no wonder I could not give you up 1" she murmured, passion ately. He caught her hands and drew her toward him. 44 Lenore i Lenore I do you mean — " 44 1 mean this," she said, her eyes drooping beneath his gaze, 4' I had no dream that you were 8u Geoffrey's son, and loving you loo well even to obey my father's will, I ran away from EsglancL" He caught her to his breaet with a sob. My darling — my little child- wife 1 Le nore, my heart has ntmgered for you 60 long, and at last you are my own 1" 44 Your own forever, Richmond." AYhen spring came tbe wedding took place at L udith Hail, and Donald Geriiart gave away the bride. A large party went out with Sir Geoffrey ana the married pair on tlidir wedding travels, and among tiiem were Arthur Mar lowe and his wife Isabel and. r.ueir i n tantaoa, ; ud Sir.HMiy TritTiB-mTifi .tii ainnyMe J bride. And leaving <them to pursue their pleasant journey, we bid our kind readers I fidieu. concluded. 