TOM OSSINGTON'S CHOST. '-4- (By ItTCIIARD MAARSH.) CHAIPT'III XIX.--(Continued.) It was when askedl to explaiin how it was lhat slhe lhad hit upon the hilinig place of her huslbantd's fortune-hit upon it, as it seemed. :dltcgether againsi t lher will, t'hat thel doctor be caine oraeull:r. tut evin heIre he was not without his hints as to the direc tion in which anl explanation might be fountd. lie poitled out thalt our study of thi science of mental psychology was still in its infancy. IBut, even so far as it had gone. it seemed to suggcst. the pos siljbilitv of what has come to be called telepaithic communincation between two miinds-even wheni tile whilomn owner of ione of the mindls has pissed bieyoind the confines of the grave. Thii sooundmi-d a trifle abstriusee. ut us the doctor professedl his innbilhty to put it any clearer, they had to take his state mnent a.s it stood, aind makle out Ijust as imuch of it u;s they were able. As for Inllinmgall's pretensions to lhaving slmhared tile woman'is hallucina tion -if hallucination it wais-- the doc tor pooh-poohedi them altogetther. The iinii was ii s iiiad is tdie iVoaUmU, and iiadder: and an impudtlent. rogue to bool. Where was he? Let himn come firwardt. and allow himself and his statements to be scientifically testedl. 'Then it would be i~howln what rella?e could be placed on ainything which lihe might say. Iut where IBallingall iwas, was ex a.ctly the l~;roblem wvhichl they found insoluble. Hle hadil vanished as com pletely as if hlie l:had ucxer existed. The presumption was, that while thley had been abslorbedt in watching Madge's effiorts to carry oni the work of dis covery fromn tlhe point at which the woman had reft it, he had sneakled, in noticed, from the room and from tihe house. The entioue feature was that they iwere unable to agree as to the exact montient t at whi heli could have gone. ]ruce Graham declared that he Wais in the room \wlhe bie wvenlt to fetch the hlammer and ehisel, ttnd that he was still there whenl be returned. hladge protested that hIe wvas in the room whell she rtin acrose to tlie re cumhbemt figure on Elln's bed. If so, since Jack diiscovered his absence with in less tlhan a minute, afterwards, it was during that scant sixty seconds that hlie made gooil ]:is escape. Why die Iead gone ailt all was diflicult to say. One miglht have thought that after wha.t hle had undergone. duting is search for tlhe fortune he wotdd hlrdly ihave disappeared at the mo ment of its finding. 1He had suffeaed so much in looking, that hlie hlind earned at least a share, ishen at last it wIas brought to light. Such, certainly, was the strcng feeling.of its actual dis coverer. He stood in need enoitghi ,of montey; that was sure. Why. then, at. what fromt one point of view mighit be described as . the very -moment of his triumph, had hlie vanislied?::. " I-e alone could tell. .. ¶lThey could only give wid ge?l ousess Nothing lhas been seen or heard of hiln from tllhat hour to this. T'hey put, ad" vertisements for him in .the :papers; without result. Thena:s they felt that living the sort of liJffde which l.lie probably was liiing-r-tliat is if?i h:vas living at all-it was withliin thlerange of probability that ia newspalper iwould niever come his way, and t.hat le would never glance at it if it did;' thiy :distri buted handbills broadcast through the slums of London, bese;clhing him to :pply to a certain address, and'offer ing a reward to any one who could give an account of his 'proceedings after the nigliht on icil? he had taken himself away. To.these hanldbills they did receive answers --in llbunldance. There were evidently plenty of people who were willing, nay, aInious, to lay their lhanids on thIlat reward, just as there seemed several Charles Blallingalls with whom tmhey were acquainted. lnut no oie of them was the Charles lallingall. More thn once they thought they lhaed chanced* n him at last; the stc.ries. told were. siuc.l very specious ones, ano thev followed up the trail till it proved beyond all man nier of dioubt to be a false one. When the Clharles Blallingall.to whom it:re ferred was nueartihed, he proved, in ench and tevery case, to be not in the least likle tlheirs. And so tihe presumption is that the man is dead. lie tvs probably, as the doctor nsuggested, more than half out of his mind on that eventful nigjt; his sins hdli broug'lt him suffering enough to have driveit the average nmortal nad. It is inot unlikely that tlhe strange things which then ...transpired, coi pleting the work of destruction, rob bed him of his. fom ramatnig ~mnts; anid that, at that last mnoment, whmen Madge Brodie nunounced her cdiscovery of what hlie ltd sought with so muctl pmin iand withi such ardlour, the irony ot fate which seelned, to lhve pursued. him, preising on him stilL had drhiven him out ilto thie nighllt, a. raving luna tie. setling anywhe?te e and. atyhobw for escape from the burden of ife whxich haunited hdlim" Godalone cmn:tellhwhere Lnud lieo he found it. OHATTIDIL XX.. TI-t: FO,?ITEJE.. And the fortund? This remark maoy be made-- thatl litd: they inot found it, when Illthe: did there would very shortly hbave beea nothing left zo find. ?r.. Thomas Ossington hand chosen for the treasurp-chest a simple openling in. the. wail, to tieblL access I.nad originally beent gained by touching a spring. This spring haltL been concealed under whatl hlaT d pro bably been a, picture of a dog's head; the fifth alterunnating dog's head oun thie right-hand side of the bedroom door. WVhen you plressedl it a door flew opeen. tBut this nrinlittre t.resujre-chtest. if not e-ntirely obvious to the wokl at large s\as open to thie rats and mice, and similar smuallt deer. wto hadi their alppy hrunting-grouuds withib, tIhe wall itself,. The result was that. ,rhenr thIe contellts were examinedi , it was found thalut the bundles of bank-notes had been gnawed, in some cases to un recognirable 4hreds; that nmels hea(rty cunes of the cut-and-come-again description--had been mnde of larcih mlent deeds, bondis, shalre certificates, rnd simnilar impediments; that coin gold coil--had been contained in bags, which bags had been consumed, even to the strings wnich once had tied themn. Thoe coins lIa y uider neelumulha tiors of dust, in heaps upon thie floor. On several were actually well-nsnrbed inldentations, showing that slharp, geanlming teeth had alrlidcdi to them a stringent test before finily deeidinfig ithat they really were.not good to el. A curious splectacle tihe whole present ed when first brought to thle light, of dlay. ]-towvccr, in but few eanes had the duamage proceedetl to lengths which lind rendetred what was left absolutel'r worthless--discovery lhad come just in the nick of time. The Baunk of EoJg land was good enough to hand ovter cash in texchange for tile fragments of all notes of which thecre wa\s satisfac tory evidence that lthere lnhad been once a whlole docmnent. Thile varions documents' which represented propelr ty were none of them in a condition which rendered recogmntion altogether impossible. nand when it. was once es tub what they were, for all Intents rand ipurposes they were, ns avail?ble for their original use as if they had been in a condition of pristine frshneess. Altogether the find represented a sum of r?eaetfhing like.. £40,000. Not n lIar: : fortune, as fortune s go, but still a conmfortable capital to be the possessor of. If flate only Ihad been kind to him, and the men and women who formed his worldt of finer texture, T'om Ossingtlon might lhave been a:s happy as the days were lony. Qddly enough, the real trouble eame after the fortune was found. The dilieilllt was as to whlom it Ibelonged \- not bemuse the claimannts were so many. 1:uit because they were so few. It was Bladge's wish that it. should be divided between those \who were actually present at the moment of its discovery, imaintaining thnt suchl a division wosuld be in nccordance with othl law and equity. Inllingall*s ion tinuedt disappearance resolved the inumber'of.these into four--Ella, Jacke Martynt, :ruce Graham, and herself. lThe first rift in the lute was caused by -frt. Grahlmn, lie refusing point-blank to have plrtr atid parc.l iil aniy slltl transkatction., ie maintained that the fortune l:id been fodil by MIadige, and that thlerefori;e, in accordance with the termns of lihe wvill, the whole of it was hiers. inii anly .esehe would have none of it. Ite huni i~lt, oit mature retec tion,.tl hat TBilling all's accusations n ad not been 'lwithlit foundation, that his conduct had been unprofessional, that hlie had iud tio'right to shtre his con fideuce wtith anybody--that, in short, lie had behaved ill in the whole iifair; iand thalt, thlerefore, he had no option tut to decline to avail himself of any ad'mnfages which were, so to speak, the piroceeds of his misbehaviour. \Vhen sle' heard this, Badge langhed outright. Seeing that her. laughter umade no impression, and that tihe gentleman continued of the same opinion slill, she was moved to use lunguage svhiclh was, to 'say the least, surlrisin'g. "It was plain that, beneath tile lash 6f the lady's tongue, he ws. unhappy. But his unhappiness did not go dieep enough to induce him to change his mind. When it was ob vious that his resolve was adamant, and that b; no means could he beo in ducedl to move from it, she announoed lier own deciseion. "Very well; if the fortune's mine, it's mine. And if it's mine I cando what. I like withi t. Aixd vliat I like, is to dlivide it, with Ella:; aiid if Ella will not hite Ihalf, then I'll not have ii fIrrtliig .either; Ainid the v.whlole shall go to the QueCen, or. to': whcoever un claimied muonel doe.4s go.: And :you'll find that I cn 13e. 'is firm--or as ob stinate--'s aily od's else." 'Biut, my' dear,". obseried Ella, ':mild ly, "I never stid thlat, I 'iouldn't have half..I: imn suri I'llhbe. delightekl.; l'l need no i'e'ssnig"-ati thlank i u ?veryt kindly, mn'm.n " 91 do believe, Elln," r:eturned btldge, w ih ..lin.ness ivhich was both signi ficiint tid "deadly, t'hait 3;ou are the onlsy .remsontable person withi whom I 'in neqitiainted.", , ..it wit 'iS rranged -rthe. tso: girle divided lthe .: liole; which , of L.course mealit, as 'trAidge :kne?L perfeetly, .tlit Jack Ailtirte-n.would have his shlure. 'As tfii~itter of fact, Mi:. anrd ?Mr Iiiar tyni : li ie been hliuiband aund 'isife for sonme time now'.~d: dre: doi. r brdvm ery well. " und :it is said-- as sulch. things. are saidl-i tit h a ,dge Ie Bidie wvill beits. lrUice GIrahiiii. yet .befcre sliii'diesi. It is I.'levged I37 thos?. iiho i:knmow •thenm best thrihte wu] : ld giv s his' ees to marry her,: aid th'tt she has nmaude up hlerumind to masey hinl.t:'-.. IT"is' bteing so. it :'oild.:seem a if a moarrmuge might: ansue. If such' is the c ise, it aineapsne e tremnely~ .tikel3:,; if BIldge ever is his wife, that, w'thethr.: he ;ill or: won't, t'ruee 'lGrahainl :wiill: have to have his shtire. : hle is 'as obstilate as he: is-every (TIE END)l 