THE LORDS OF THE SOIL B* The Flanbur. Wb have already seen how the ' Lords of the Soil' wage war. Well, after a battle comes the burial— at least, that is the natural order of such unnatural events ; but the burials by no means follow such battles as some of those wa have heard about of late, in which, following the safe example of the good qld operatic Duke of Plaza Toro, strategetic commanders, -nice trie rrmce ot xeeic, lea tneir men into battle and then seized the first favourable opportunity of leading them out again. Up to the date of writing the terribie Teck has not been heard from since he started running from the Boer bri gade, and I presume the chances are he is still running. He was always fast on his feet, and with a little luck he might reach the South Pole before the present cruel war is over. General Bradford slept too soundly to get a Btart to run when the Boers came upon him, and after his experience I think alarm clocks should be served out to all ('the young English blueblooded officers in the \- British Army. o o o Returning to the battles and burials of theblaeks. Some of the burial customs of our darkies are far Btranger— occasionally far more fearsome than those ? connected with their battles. For example, we have it on the undoubted authority of that moat ex perienced bushman, Harry Stockdale, that abori ginal' ,burial customs vary much. Occasionally a body was bound with bark cords, the knees being drawn up to the chest and then placed between sheets of bark and buried with the feet always to the west. Sometimes a man's weapons and belong ings were interred with him. The bodies of married women were burned and the ashes carried about by the husband. The bodies of young chil dren were rolled in bark, placed in hollow trees, and after a considerable time taken out and burned . Picaninnies killed on account of tribal custom were either eaten or burnt at once. Sometimes on the death of a chief or great warrior the banes of the ower leg and forearm were taken out, the knees drawn up to the face, and the whole securely bound with strong vines rr bark ; the body was then well smoked, dried, and constantly watched by relatives. After the body was dried, the friends and relatives assembled to the burning thereof and the ashes : were placed in a dilly-bag, which was worn by the principal widow ot first wife. She also bore about with her some of the bones extracted from the body prior to burning, the rest of these being preserved by the deceased's mother or his sister. The 'interesting young widow' peculiar to the Caucasian race is an unknown party among the aboriginal brunettes, for the dusky dame has to assume a sorrow for her husband's death even though she feels it not, and to show it by her appearance also, For about a year after her hus band's death the dusky widow has to burn herself about the body at appointed periods and crop her hair, and make herself look ' a perfect fright' in general. Consequently she is very careful of her dear spouse, and does all in. her power to keep him .alive. as long as possible. There is no fun in being the widow of a 'Lord of the Soil.' o o o At some obsequies the near relatives ate a small portion of the remains (roasted), but ceremonially, not as a dainty dish. The flesh of a healhty young woman was considered the best, the palms of the hands being the choice portions. Another curious burial custom was that the nearest relative used the chest of a dead man for a pillow during the first night of his decease — which shows a healthy con tempt for ghosts. Sometimes the body was placed on a bier of boughs and slowly roasted, the female relatives taking turns to weep over the corpse, and gash themselves with sharp stones. When 'cooked,' the body was skinned, rubbsd with grease and and red ochre, and pegged out in a mia mia with arms and legs extended. The mourners besmeared themselves with melted fat from thje body, and then rubbed on charcoal dust. After drying, the remains were wrapped in bark, and preserved by relatives ; and, finally, after some months the body was consumed outright by fire. oo o ; In the good old days when Might was Right and an insult was promptly avenged by a blow (the blow often ant icipated the insult in fact), a Kingn0 sooner felt that his 'leg had been pulled,' or his pet corn trodden on, than he gripped his favourite weapon, and shouted 'War ! War ? Let us havea fine old fight to a finish !' Then his 'push ' came tearing along to the war like chickens into a worm paddock, a big dance and a still bigger ' drunk ?' ' ensued, and the merry 'mill' began in real earnest. Nowadays a few grizzled old gents start canoodling in a quiet corner of a palace, and if matters do not turn out so as to suit their little book, they order the people to start off and fight while they stay at home and read the papers. I-, would be impossible for any one man in a civilized country to start a war on his own account in these days, and this goes far to prove that there are no real autocrats in the world now except those found among savage races. No one could say black was the white of the late Lobengula's eye: without .rais ing ruby. ructions at once, and there are still some African 'Lords' who rule their dusky-haired people in a like despotic manne r. o o o I remember reading with interest Captain Lawley's account of his mission to King Lewanika, a blacking-bottle monarch who now rules a part of the land that old ' Lo Ben' used to bosB so well until he took to wearing pot-hats, and passing him self off as a politician. No one was allowed to come into the presence of his Majesty except on bended knees, and even his son Letia, on approaching his father, knelt and saluted him profoundly. The King's personal dignity was a thing unbendable. ?« He is,' we read, ' a deft needleman, and even when stitching at a kaross or repairing his panta loons, with the assistance of the Commanderin Chief or the Prime Minister, he retains his dignity and his cane-bottomed chair, while they squat humbly on their ham? below the board.' His costume was grotesque. On his head he wore a black, braad-rimmed felt hat over a scarlet night cap, a long, brigbt blue dressing-gown, much em broidered with scarlet braid in Manchester style, a flannel shirt, tweed waistcoat, trousers and aggres sively new yellow boots completed his costume.' 0.0 ' 0 Her Majesty Qieen Victoria knits with her own royal, hands woollen ' booties ' and the like for expected additions to he* already fearfully large family, and her children certainly provide her with plenty of domestic work in that line ; but she never asks for the assistance of her Prime Minister or Commander-in- Chief on such occasions — and I would have doubts about the value of such assist ance even if she did. The bare idea of Albert Ed ward putting a new dome in his pantaloons is, however, enough to make Reason totter on its throne, and so we will pass it hurriedly by, although it must be admitted that ' Tummy ' has occasion ally employed his spare time in a manner not nearly eo useful— perhaps not even so dignified either, ooo Captain Lawley evidently had a rocky road to travel during the trip above referred to, for he tells of how his orderly, a man named Bland, was attacked one night by a lion, and badly bitten. 'Fortunately for him, horseflesh was what the prowlers were after, so they left him to turn their , attention to the two poor brutes that were tethered to a tree. One was badly mauled, the other broke his halter and fled into the belt with both lions after him; and it is not difficult to imagine his fate.' He describes Lewanika's people as a nation of slaves. In some respects these savages are abso lutely cold-blooded. He tells of how one of Lo Ben's impia crossed the country early in '93, and were returning with a 'mob' of women and chil dren as prisoners, when the small-pox broke out among them- The prisoners were all ruthlessly asBegaied there and then ! King Lewanika jour neyed 400 miles to interview Captain Lawley— a record achievement, and something to 'blow' about, too, even though he travelled first-class— in the African first-class fashion, of course. Our Burrowa correspondent writes:— The farmers' foe, in the rabbit, is invading this district to an alarming extent with the advent of new grass since the rains, but let us hope with the assistance of our budding volunteers that bunny hasn't come to stay much longer, as there is no better practice to enable them to become good rifle-shots than rabbit or hare shooting. Speaking of rabbit extermination, thousands of pounds of the people's money could be saved annu ally by the Government of the colony establishing volunteer and rifle corps in every town, and encouraging the members by granting small prize mony8 for largest numbers shot by individual members. This would serve a twofold purpose, which must be obvious to all. 