CHILDREN'S CORNER. ST. VINCENT'S JUVENILE CLUB. Little things on little wings. Bear little souls to Heaven. LETTER FROM AUNT EILY. My Dear Children— We have again moved round to . that month which, to the thinking of many, is the most beautiful of all the twelve— the month of June. The most beauti ful—that is, of the ecclesiastical year. In this land we can scarce consider it the most beautiful season, because the rains and the cold is about, and though there are few countries where rain is more wel come because of the green growing things, yet in this land of sunshine and blue skies, both rain and cold are ac cepted as discomforts to be borne as cheerfully as possible rather than agree able changes. But because June is dedi cated to the Sacred Heart, and because so many other great festivals occur dur ing this month, we turn to it with special interest. There is one great feast which this year has fallen in June, which we cele brated last Sunday, and being within the Octave, are still celebrating the great festival of Pentecost, when the Holy Spirit descended on the Blessed Virgin and Apostles in the room in Jerusalem. In thinking a little about this feast we come to realise more and more how much our Lord "delighted to be with the chil dren of men." If we may use the lan guage of every day life it would seem as though He could not bear to tear Him self away from us. First, He came as a helpless babe in cold arid poverty, and lived a humble life of toil; but that could not tell us how much He loved us. So He died the most painful and disgraceful death, and suffered all kinds of griefs and sorrows of the heart as well, but His love was stronger even than death, and so He gave Himself to us on the first Holy Thursday. He told us how He had been desiring the time to come to work this great miracle of love, and lest we should be too much afraid to ap proach the Holy Table, which he has pre pared of His sacred Body and Blood, He not only invites us, but commands us to do so. Then He rose from the dead, and for forty days He remained with His Apostles, telling them many things that would help them, when He would no lon ger be with them. Then comes the glorious Feast of the Ascension. You re member all those sweet solemn parting words He addressed to all before He ascended and disappeared in the clouds of Heaven, leaving His Apostles so sad, and yet so strangely happy. "I will not leave you orphans, but will send you a Com forter," He said, His Sacred Heart being overflowing with love for the faithful band who had been His constant companions for three years. And on Whitsunday, the Feast of Pentecost, while Our Lady and the Apostles were sitting lonely and timid in the little room, the promised Comforter came, filling each one with holy joy, and strength, and comfort. This, then, is the Feast of Pentecost, and ever since, the Church celebrates the event, and always the Comforter conies down again in a special way, bringing holiness and love in His seven great gifts, and twelve fruits to any one who will only take the trouble to desire them, and open their heart to receive them. I have told you about this Feast, dear children, becuase I think there are some reasons why you should be specially interested in it, and have a special devotion to it. Most of you, I daresay, are still attend ing school, and are anxious, let us hope, to be successful with your studies. Very well, then, let the Holy Spirit be youV Friend, your Comforter, and you will see your studies will be blessed because it is this Comforter who "teaches little ones to speak and understand." Then, in the history of our land, we learn that it was on the Feast of Pentecost that the shores of Australia were first sighted, and the pious navigator, Fernando de Quiros, a devout Catholic, dedicated the land to the Holy Ghost under the title, "El Tierra del lo Spirito Santo." Besides that, we are one of the few places—if not the only one, indeed—in Australia which possesses a Church dedicated to the Holy Ghost, that is the lovely little Church of per petual adoration, North Adelaide. And if we were not so much affected with the cold, indifferent, non-Catholic atmosphere which we are, more or less, obliged to breathe, we would be doing as they do in Catholic countries, calling children after the title of the great Festival in some form or other. I am flunking of a beautiful story I read some time ago, entitled "Es piritu Santo." This was the name of the chief, or one of the chief characters in the book, and as she had the happy fortune to be born in a Catholic country, and on the very feast which we are celebrating, she was named Espiritu Santo. When 1' began writing I intended to tell you more of this charming story, but I find I will only have space to just mention the opening chapter, in which Espixitu Santo, with her fathei*, goes on the Feast of the Holy Spirit to Grand High Mass, where there is some music sung by a beautiful young voice. Being the little girl's Feast Day, her father had presented her with a lovely basket of pure, waxen-looking bios, .sorns, called also Espiritu Santo, because of the little dove-shaped flower in the* centre. She is so charmed with the boy's singing of the hymn to the Holy Ghost that she asks her father to take her to see him in the sacristy after the service that she may pi-esent him with her flowers. The boy has, however, already gone home, but the story goes on, and is beautifully told. Story telling must not, however, be indulged in at present, as I have still my last week's correspondents waiting. Nephew Leo Corcoran has that plea sure in store—l-eading about Mr. Chips and the rats. Thanks, nephew-, for your donation. I hope you got your Sick Book Room. Niece Mary has quite a budget of news. It must have been fine to have a private rendering of music from the Opera Com pany. Many thanks for generous dona tions. You must not be again so long silent. New Niece Nellie Haarsman is welcome. I am sorry to have to tell Niece Neliie that 6d. register fee was charged on hex letter, as she had sent a coin in it, the sixpence donation. So that the post office got that sixpence instead of the or phans. Send stamps next time. dear. Many thanks. Niece Ruby D. Hill has sent 2/6 for famine fund. As we are not collecting for the Famine Fund, shall I pass on the donation to others, who will take it, or shall I give it to the. orphans ? Please let me know. Many thanks. Nephew Neil O'Loughlin has been a long time silent, but I daresay he is in hopes that that nice donation of 5/ for the orphans will mollify me. Well it does, but at the same time, don't go and do it again. I mean, don't go and be silent again. I don't mean not to send me 5/ again. You may do that as often as you please. Nephew P. J. Hynes writes me a grand letter, all about Soldiers of the Cross, the Jesuit Fathers, and soldiers of Queen Vic toria, Lord Roberts, and Baden- Powell. What would you think if Lord Roberts were to give up all his glory, and give up his life to saving souls? That is what St. Ignatius did. Niece M. Hynes also tells me about the grand mission. What a very Catholic corner of the world is Redhill. "What is the secret of it all, niece? Witli love, Aunt Eely. Nephew W. Noonan, Caltowie, for or phans, 6d. Niece Mary, Hundred of Morgan, 5/. Men fear death as children fear to go into the dark, and as that natural fear in children is increased with tales, so is the other. Certainly, the contemplation of death, as the wages of sin, and passage to another world, is holy and religious, but the fear of it, as a tribute due unto nature, is weak. When we think of all that God has done for us, how He came on the earth and Himself endured in the flesh greater suf ferings than He asks us to undergo for His sake, and how He has left all of the treasures of His merits in the Church a ad established the means by which we may atpply them to ourselves, can we possibly fail except through our own cowardice? 