Sr-IVOCATIONS TO TIME. SA yonug lady., who is evidently suscep tible to climatic influence, iwrites the fol lowing sonnet to Time:- O Time! be swift- in flight, come to our aid! For we are cast upon a desert isle On which the blessed sun forgets to smile. Like ghosts we wander, pallid and dismayed. Through chilling mists that cover hill and glade. No flowers cheers us: no sweet birds beguile The leaden-footed hours; and all the while Rough billows thunder on the trembling state. But thou, O -Time, canst lead us to a clime Where even night is. lovely, and the day Glitters with beauty;,where the fragrant rose For very charm of life forgets to close: Where happy songsters pipe fram many a spray A shining summer-land! Be swift, 0 time! The present writer is inclined to sympa thise with the poetess. The sunless, slop py misery of a London winter certainly makes one think of "a clime where even night Is lovely." But, at this moment, while all is dull and dreary,probably folks in Australia are suffering a night ther mometer indoors of 90deg., and one finds comfort in the thought that the other man is suffering just as much, though in a different way. This apostrophe to Time recalls Shakespeare's "Devouring- Time! Blunt thou the lion's claws!" This may well be the daily prayer of Dr Leyds. The influenza scourge is abating, but not before it has done some terrific execu tion among the best of England's great ones. The swiftness of the stroke is ap palling. In several cases I have missed men in the City for a day or two, and, on casual inquiry, have been astounded to hear that they had been cut off. One of them was shockingly sudden, enough to call forth the following: 'Twas yesterday we smoked with him: We swapped what news we'd rend; In me-ry mood we joked with him: And now he's dead!* We drank the Mountain Dew with hips. And moments quickly sped; The hours were all too few with him And now he's dead! Farewell, old friend; peace to thy dust Within its lonely bed; A little while, and we, too, must Lie with thee--dead. Last week the mortality record was set down at 205.OS as against 316 for the previ ous seven days. The epidemic seems to be travelling northwards. The City under takers say the Jews have, escaped the fatal effects of this malady almost en tirely. The reason given by one of the chosen people is that their race being a very nervous one, the doctor is called in. and the patient is put to bed directly it makes its appearance. A man who was on the steamer which took Mr Kipling to the Cape writes some interesting notes about him. He says the great poet is here, there and every where, as busy and brisk as a schoolboy, inquiring into everything novel or dis-. tinctive on the steamer. Speaking about the soldiers at the war, he remarked that he hoped Tommy would be given some thing to drink. "Alcohol is prohibited," said his friend. "What rubbish!" ex claimed Kipling. "Give them some beer; they need it!" Mr John Hollingshead, who was for 13 years manager of the Gaiety Theatre, speaking at the Urban Club this week, gave a reason for Shakespeare's selection of the role of the Ghost in "Hamlet" for his own part on the stage. He affirmed that the immortal one was a practical man above all things, and 'therefore a man who looked after the takings. The part enabled him to do this, as the rests between the necessary appearances are so long. . Henry Jeffries, the Eton barber, has just died, aged SO. He was an old identity, well known to Etonians of several genera tions, and he was universally liked. Many a famous man has sat under him. and among them may be counted several now resident in South Australia. Everybody is doing what he can indi vidually for the War Fund, and organisa tions of all kinds are taking it up also. This week the Princess Louise opened an Exhibition of Works of Art at the Guild hall, which included two pictures painted by Her 'Iajesty the Queen, and one by the late Prince Consort, and the Prin cess Louise .contributed a watercolor drawing. All the pictures were presen ted by the artists in aid of the Mansion House Relief Fund, and the whole exhibi tion was got up in twelve days from the time the idea was first mooted by'Mr J. W. Waterhouse. Sir Edward Poynter, R.A., in a speech at the opening, ex pressed the hope khat.some part of the funds would go to -relieve those connec ted with the colonists who are fighting in South Africa.. That Australian favo rite, -Mrs Brown Potted, recited "Ordered. to the Front." The questionable methods of certain journalists who "stand in" on the suc cessful flotation of companies came under notice this week in a case brought against the Editor of the "United Service Ga zette, the Organ of Imperial Federation." This gentleman's name is Emanuel-an unfortunate cognomen in his case. He published a disparaging note upon a cer tain undertaking, and then -wrote to tle proprietors of the concern offering to place LS0,000 worth of.their shares-pre sumably for a sufficient consideration. The Lord Chief Justice made some se vere remarks on the "profligate dishones ty of such men, who brought the Press into contempt."' The printers, publish ers, and owners bf thle paper were mulct ed in damages of LS2each. -., The Salvation Army has been fined Gd for keeping a common lodging house without a license. The matter--which has already been referred . to - may therefore be considered settled, and no dbubt the L.C.C;. regulations will be obeyed. 