A GHOST .WITH A RURPOSE. HOW A SPECTRE PUNISHED A CRIME. ' A thrilling ghost story, for the truth of which tho writer vouches, Is given in tho "Gentle woman." A rambling old country house, which had been untenanted for several years, was re- cently purchased by a gentleman whose name must not bo divulged. It belonged to a mam of titlo, wbo bad gono abroad on tho sudden and mysterious death of his wife, a very beautltul woman whom he had taken from tho ranks ot professional singers. One old retainer — a garden er — was allowed to stay on. This man, In show ing tho new tenant ovor tho bouse, evinced a strong desire to pass one door; but, being obliged to yield in the end, disclosed a daintily furnish ed boudoir decorated with fresh flowers. All was as if the room wero in constant uso. The old gardener begged, with tears, that it might not be disturbed. 'It belonged to his lato mistress, he said, whom ho loved, and sineo her death It had been his consolation to keep her room as though she lived in it. Tho old man's prayer was granted. The room remained locked, and tho tenant had almost forgotten its existence until ono day ho saw the gardener looking towards the boudoir window, holding his hand to his oar as if listening. On being asked tho reason he ex claimed: — "Ah, sir, don't you hoar her? Don't you seo her? My beautiful mistress! To-day is her deathday, and sho Is singing tho song sho sang this day four years ago, when . But listen!" They approached tho window, and per ceived a fair woman seated at tho piano. Thoy listened, as her voloe rose and fell sweetly, till suddenly it broke in a shriek of horror, and tho apparition vanished. At tho namo instant they became aware that another man had been attract ed to the spot, and was watching with them — a man who turned and fled as tho gardener recog nised him, crying, "It was you! I was always sure it was you! The deed claims you!" Tho man ran headlong, chased by tho gardener. Tho master followed in timo to seo tho stranger stumble blindly on tho narrow, brldgo, and fail Into the swirling stream which bounds tho pork. I-Ie was unable to swim, and nothing could movo the gardener to rescue. "Ho murdered my mis tress, Why should I savo lilin?" he repeated, till suddenly, raising his hands as to a vision, ho cried: "Ah, for you, dear mistress, I will try!" and threw himself into tho stream. But It was too late, and ho perished with tbo man who had been his former mastor. Tho verdict was "Acci dentally drowned," .with no rider a3 to tho Spirit-world or retribution. 