MRS. BIXBY’S PLAN. 3Irs. Bixby lived on a plensmt street in a desirable house, ami. from out ward appearance, was ;l woman to be envied, but the-'truth was. she had a “skeleton” in the family closet, which during the score of years of her wedded life. she. had guarded so jealously mat not oven her nearest neighbour knew of its existence. Candour compels me to say that it was not there by her wish, hut solely because her husband willed it. Now Mr. Bixby- outside of Ins home, was » model man, respected by liis lel lcw-citizens, was a member of the Vckurch, and a Sabbabth-school teacher. He generally wore a smile, spoke- plea santly to a passing friend, was fond of children, and every one supposed he was a happy man. It was' only in his home that he cared to annoy his wife, by his strange devotion at times to that skeleton, and the occasions on which lie brought it forth and rattled it; bones wore of the most trifling charac ter—a button missing, a mislaid paper, or breakfast live minutes late, would oftentimes drive him to hold silent companionship with the uncanny thing for weeks together, until it really soem ed to Mrs. Bixby that he would forget the use of his tongue, in her presence altogether. For the first mouths of her marriage she had been patient, and thought hi: business troubled him: then later con cluded Ins liver was out of order, foi which sho made various teas of herbs for his relief, and kindly persuaded kin to try, only to find her entreaties mei with sullen silence, wldle her medicine: were promptly pitched out of doors In vain had she pleaded, reasoned, ant wept-, trying to induce him to give iq this strange companion, that made hei so Unhappy: he ignored all her wishes and clung to it the closer, uot even In: favourite dishes, which she cooked, auc of which he ate, would lure him away until he himself would weary of it foi the time, and condescend to he amiahli onco more. Sometimes, as the days would glide by into weeks, Mrs. Bixby would fondly hope that her husband would forget its very existence. But, alas! one morning the ‘'closet door'7 had been open, and the skeleton was dragged forth with all its bones, because Mr. Bixby had. a grievance. It- was a- hole in his pocket, as he informed "’Mrs. Bixby.’'’ which had been there one whole week, and ho had sundry coins in his boot, aud he sarcastically remarked that she probably would not care if his pocket-book fell through eventually. She vainly tried to explain that- ii was impossible for her to know the' state of his pockets all the time, and it was his duty as sole guardian of them to report to her when they needed re pairs; and, thinking of the injustice of the charge, she added, that the loss of all his money made no particular difference to ker. as she was never al lowed any... As usual lie retorted by accusing her of never caring for him! or doing anything for liis comfort, and forthwith! he embraced his favourite framework, and vouchsafed no more words to her. After lie left the house, aud her morn ing’s work was done, Mrs. Bixby seated herself in her low rocker, determined, if possible, to plan a way- to get rid of this destroyer of her domestic peace, or know the reason why. It seemed to her that she "had tried everything but one, and that was starvation, wliich was rather a paradoxical proceeding; still ,a man’s heart, was quite often seat ed near his digestion, aud so. haviug duly provided supplies for hcreslf. m case of a prolonged siege, she calmly awaited results. Her husband was a punctual man . so, when at the last stroke of twelve from the town dock he entered the door, the look of blank surprise which he cast upon his wife, so busily reading, aud tho unset table, was amusing; he even put his hand upon the stove before he could believe it was cold. Could Mrs. Bixby be ill? There was too much colour in her face for that. “Well,” he thought, “she is angry because I said a few words to her this morning. I don’t care; I will eat up all the pie,” which ho promptly did. and departed without speaking, sure that his wife would forgive as in time past, and have a warm supper for him at night. In fact, lie came home earlier than usual, but alas, the house was still cheerless; no savoury viands and no fire. He was glad to find a cold rem nant of ham and a biscuit that was past its youth. Still, he kept silence, and held his skeleton all the closer. His sleep was fitful, and long before day he waB awake, and wondering how long one could live on bread and water. He entered' a store on his way to lus office and bought a- pound of biscuits, carelessly remarking lie would take them with him, but he found they made a very poor substitute for the warm rolls, fragrant coffee and eggs yvith which Ins' table was often covered. Ho could not attend to Iris work until he had done some thinking, realising as he had never done before how much ol: his comfort he owed to Mrs. Bixby’s. loving care. Even now his head ached. How often she- had bathed- it for him. and when he had tho fever, how many mights she was sleepless for his sake. Oh, Iiow hungry he felt! Yes, his wife ,was a good cook, rather better, be was sure, than his mother—of course he had been a tyrant; oh, if Mix. Bixby' would only forgive him, he would show her how kind ho could be. Why, lie just hated that gruesome thing that had made her so unhappy. He felt so faint, he guessed lie would go home; it was only ten, but ho would stop at the market aud get a chicken and a bushel of sweet potatoes—yes, and a dozen of oranges for his wife, because she loved them so. What was money to a starving man, anyway? Oh, his .wife should sec that he trusted., her; she should have the pocket-book to carry, aud he would not hold himself responsible for the holes in her pockets. Ill short, he did all he thought he would, and wliile his forgiving companion pre pared diimer, he buried the skelet-on so deep that not even its ghost over haunted them, and although he ate so much that he was ill, he recovered through her loving care, and they lived happy for many years; and when the village youths were wed everyone would pay, “May your liFe he as joyous as the Bixby’s.” Heath to those who die is always sud den. to those who mourn is always pre mature. If there be aught surpassing human Heed or word or thought, it is h mother's io??,- - ." 