Our ladia&' Column. (By Pansy.) Stitching still continues, and shows its desiro to ploase by depicting some soroll design instead of running on in plain straight lines. On oloth gowns the fanoy stitching has all its own way aiound the shoulders and tops of sleeves, tho arranging of tucks coming below this j tho effect of this stylo is seldom ideal. As for the littlo cloth capes which suggest spring, some of thorn are positively hideous. They lit plainly and lightly over tho shoulders, and only show their treble cutting around tho elbow. A few are adorned with a hard strap of stitched cloth standing up around the shoulders like a wall protect ing tho delicate velvet of the yoko from the pernicious effect of an unbeauteous cloth. The materials aro all beautiful enough, but the results might bo more artistic. One of the most beautiful of the revivals from the French is now called ribbon work, and is used mostly for floral designs. Tho petals of the flowers aro formed with soft gauzy silk ribbon, cleverly sewn on so as to stand up on the foundation in a little puff. The ribbons are tinted, so that tho flower Bhall bo perfectly reproduced, tho centres being worlced in with silk threads. Many leaves aro formed in this same way, though whenever possible they aro worked with a vory narrow ribbon, that can bo threaded in a needlo and can be drawn through tho material, but so placed as to lay perfoctly flat on the surfaco. Chonille is also some times introduced for stalks, etc., and when well done tho cushion cover, table cloth, or whatevor the article may be, looks extremely beautiful. It is not so very difficult to do either, this ribbon work, for whioh there seems no other namo, for many of the newest amateurs at needlework aro doing it, and with success. Those who have tho happy knaok of mak ing good French knots aro most keen on tho new forget-me-not work, every petal of tho tiny flower being made in French knots of differently tinted blue silk. The designs show bunches of these with a few leaves,tied up tightly with a ribbon worked in silk. Aid, when securely fastened on to ono branch strays off to another, and so on, with variations continuously. Hints to dressmakers.—Always use as fine a thread and needle as tho garment will allow. Tho rule for frilling is onco and a quarter the length of the edge to bo trimmed. Always use double thread for gathering. When threading your needle make tho knot on the ond broken from tho reel. In facing a sleeve, turn it, and place the facing inside tho sleeve before sewing it on. Gathers should always be set on tho right side, but nevor with a needle ; use a largo pin. In gauging a skirt to sow on a band when you o not wish to set it, use two gathering threads, running them closo to each othor. This gives the skirt a finished look. When sowing on a button placo tho knot on the right side of tho cloth directly under tho button. In sewing a seam put tho stitches closely together, but lightly into the cloth, being careful not to pull tho thread tight, as this causes the seam to draw. Tucks aro prettiest in graduated clusters with a space between. It is tho little things that count in life. In tho household, in tho daily expenditures of life, and in tho necossary buying for personal bolongings, which is every woman's lot, tho large sum outlayed for an article of size does not cat into the hoard half as much' as the dozen and ono tiny articles which must be had, and which seem so littlo and insignificant by themselves that they are thought unworthy to be counted, but which end by making tho entire sum laid out for the "sundries" vanish, and not infrequently take a good sized slico out of some other division. In tho same way tho "littlo things" aro tho vory marks of that refine ment which is desired by every woman as a characteristic. The gown may bo olegant, the hat expensive, but tho littlo details, a woll-fitting shoo, a neat glove, the fresh ribbons or rucliings, and a small dainty pin to fasten the collar, all these things tell tho invariable tale of delicate tasto and a know ledge of tho • effect of dross which is the essence of style. In Sweden, mourning clothes aro some what peculiar accor Jing to our way of think ing. For women, a iong veil is absolutely necessary, as aro also a black dress and a crapo bonnet, but a jacket or mantle of any colour may be donned with these, and it is by no means unusual for a widow to wear the regulation weeds in conjunction with a brilliaut red jacket. There are various ways of starching and ironing different articles. Those that need only to be slightly stiff, such as lace, net, fine pocket-handkerchiefs, etc., only requiro to bo damped freoly, folded and rolled up tightly in a small picco of white linen. After they havo lain a short time in a cool room, they must bo ironed with a hot iron while still quite damp. Tho action of the hot iron on the damp surfaco will mako tliom quite aiiff enough without starching. Othor things, Buch as dresses, ladies' whito petticoats, and gentlemen's whito shirt fronts, requiro a great deal of starch, and will need both greater care and skill in tho ironing before they aro well done. A beginnor should practice on an old shut, so that in tho first attempt she may not got tho iron and shirt front glued together, and tho front probably scorched and spoiled. Thero is a wondorful power in an ideal. For instance, thero is a beautiful statue in the markot placo of an Italian city. It was a statue of a Greek slave girl. It represented the Blavo as tidy, woll dressed, and hand some. A ragged, unkempt, forlorn street child, coming aoross tho statuo in her play, stopped and gazed at it with admiration. Sho was entranced and captivated by it. She gazed long and admiringly. Moved by a sudden impulso, she went home, and washed her face and combed her hair. Another day she stopped again before the statue, and admired it, and received a now inspiration. Next day her clothes were washed and mended. Each time she looked at tho statue she found something now to imitate in its beauties, until sho was a transformed child. That statue was an ideal to a poor child, and it acted as ideals always act. It pointed out possibilities; it awakened ambition; it created a new life, and it wrought clovating changes. It has been considered unlucky to bo married in May ever since tho days of Ovid. In ancient Rome thore was held in May a festival called the Leniuria, or feast of tho Iiomures, which was a ceromony in honor of the Speeches of Departed Souls. It became with tho Romans what wo should call "bad form" to havo matrimonial feasts at tho season of a solemn ritual, being, no doubt, thought to bo an insult to tho dead to marry at such a timo. From this a number of stories grow of tho rovenge mado by the out raged ghosts upon those who dared to dis regard tliom, and if anything unfortunate happened to a couple who had been married in May, it would, of courso, have been put down to rotribution. So tho tradition of lll luok aroso, and its influoneo has lasted ever Binco, even to our timo. 