THE MYSTERY OF FAIR HOLME HALL [All Rights Reserved ] ' I say, Fairholme, what's this I hear about a mysterious figure being Been to fiit around your ancestral home ? You surely have not started a family gli03t since I saw you last ?' The speaker was a handsome young fellow, luxuriously ensconced in the depths of a big chair drawn up to the library fire at Fairholme Hall. ' Most certainly not. There never 1ms been anything so romantic as a ghost haunting the old place, to my know ledge,' replied his companion. hiB senior by some years. ' It was some silly story invented by a moonstruck housemaid frightened at her own shadow,' he con tinued, stooping to knock the ashes out of his pipe. ' My wife and I did our best to convince the girl of the absurdity of tho thing, but it was no good; she declared nothing would induce lier to live with a ghost. She left, and being a girl from tlie village, of courae the story got all over the place.' He spoke care lessly, but a close observer would have detected a tinge of anxiety in his voice. ' You are not given to nervea. ao I need not fear leaving you in tliia reputed haunted house, though all the same I am awfully sorry to have to go oft juBt as you get here, Singleton.' ' My dear fellow- it is not your fault.' 'Well, no; it iB my bounden duty to attend my father-in law's funeral, and my wife being a bit shaken with the fort night's hard nursing I don't like her travelling alone the next day.' Hugh Singleton was not inclined for sleep that night so sat reading for some time by his bedroom fire, getting bo interested in the book that when lie dis covered the other volume had been left in the library he determined to go in search of it. To his surprise, the gas, though turned low. was still burning, and the French window slightly open. ' I suppose Fairliolme is taking a noc turnal prowl round, the premises,' he thought, as he began searching for the book among a heap of magazines and papers that littered a table near the win dow. He stood facing the garden, and had just found the object of his search when a figure in woman's dress appeared at the window; then, seeing him, glided away. At the same moment Mr. Fair holme softly opened the door. ' I say, Fairholme,' whispered Hugh, peering cut into the darkness, 'I be lieve there is some truth in that girl's story after all. I distinctly saw a woman pass just now. Supposing we go out and investigate ?' '? Nonsense.' returned the other lightly. 'It must have been your fancy. I have had a few things to see to before starting, the room wns hot, so 1 opened the window. You saw the branches of that chestnut moving in the wind, and by this half-light took tlie movement for a passing figure.' Hugh was unconvinced, but, seeing the other seemed anxious to shut up the house for the night, went back to his room. ' Aa there is not a breath of wind, those branches could not have been atirred,' he aaid to himself. ' I will watch carefully to-morrow night, when I have the place to myself.' But though he Bat up till past three, with eyes and ears on the alert, every thing remained perfectly quiet. The next night he lazily asked himself i whether he should repeat the experi ment, decided that it was not worth the trouble.and prepared to liavea final pipe before turning in. As he stood by the ' fireplace, idly drumming on the wains- j cot. and wishing that liis frien.ds were baclc to cheer his solitude, he began to 1 whistle, ' All ! che la morte.' He had I heard the sons well sung a few days pre- 1 vioualy, and the tune had been running in liiB head ever since. Presently to his astonishment, he felt the panel begin to slide from beneath hia fingers, a holJow space became visible, and from it atep ped out a slight, fragile-looking girl, with the most beautiful . chestnut hair he had ever Keen. Fnr an inatimt. ttio® stood gazing at each other in speechless dismay, then, with a stifled cry, the girl turned to the opening again : but Hugh caught her firmly by the wrists. ' Stop 1 ' he said, authoritatively. ' You must explain what you mean by coming into the room in thia extraordi nary faahion. ' Mr. and Mrs. Fairholme both know! am here.' she answered. ' [ think you are their friend, Mr. Hugh Singleton, from the description they gave me of him.' Then, as Hugh continued to hold her firmly, she added, imploringly : 'If one of the servants found me here, it might mean my death., I only came be cause I heard the signal, and thought Mr. Fairholme had come back sooner than he expected.' 'But I gave no signal,' said Hugh, touched— in spite of his suspiciona'tliat 8he was the accomplice of some thief — by her pale, frightened face and quiver ing lips.' ' Someone tapped on the panel, and then whistled ? Ah 1 che la morte,' I thought it waa all right when I heard that, so touched tlie spring and came out.' ' Tlie servants went to bed long aeo, j and there ia no one besides myself stay ing in the house, so you are perfectly safe,' Hugh said. ' Before I let you go, you must tell me your name, and why it is you are hiding here/' ' My name is Valerie St. Leger, and I am hiding because — she hesitated a moment — ' I am accused of having murdered someone. The evidence is strong against me, and unless I tell the name of the person who I know really did the deed, and give the proofs that would condemn her, they might hang me u I fell into their hands. You will keep my secret ; you will not let anyone know 1 am here ? ' ' I swear I will not. But you look aw fully pale ; let me pet you some wine.' She shook her head. ' I am not ill ; it is only that I have missed the air lately. Since Mrs. Fair holme left it has not been safe for me to come out every night.' ' Ah I you are the ghost, then ; my eyes did not deceive me two nights ago.' 'No; you gave me a terrible fright when I saw you standingthere. Ihad not been out for a week, and I was beginning to feel so faint that Mi .Fairholme said we would risk it for a few minutes. He had gone to fetch something for me to take when you came in. Seeihga man stand ing by the table, in'the dim light, I mis took you for him, and was just going to speak when I found out my mistake.''' '? But, surely, you don't live behind that panel?' ' Oh, no I that is the entrance to a pas sage that leads to a flight of steps built in the thickneBS of the wall. At the bot tom you come to a little room called 1 The Priest's Hole.' That ia where I have been living for the last two months.' ' You poor child 1 ' said Hugh, coin pasBionately. 1 'No wonder you look pale. But I wish you would tell me- the whole story.' . j ' It would take too long to-night, and it is never safe for me to come out in the day.' ' But cannot I go to you ? ' ?' Not until tliu Fairholmes are.back. There would bo no one to signal to you ?— 1 1' ? ' ? * that the coast was clear this aide. My aafety lies in the fact that lnuvly any one knows that there iB a secret passage behind the wuinscot. I come up and stand there sometimes for change of air. That is how I heard you tapping to night. The signal is tapping. While whistling an air from ' Trovatore ' to deaden the noise of the rapB. It would not do to always whistle the same tune so we chose an opera with popular aire in it. Good night. I dare not stay lon ger now.' She sprang into the opening and closed the panel before he had - realised what she was going to do. . When the Fairliolmes arrived next day Hugh drew his host aside and told him of the discovery he had made the pre vious evening. ' It's a bad business for Valerie, poor child,' said Mr. Fairholme. ' She is as innocent of the orime as you are, and yet lias to submit to this imprisonment . ? or betray liei half-sister.' ' What a horrible alternative 1 But who ia she ? ' ' The only child of n friend— long Hince dead — to whom I was under a great obligation. He risked his life to save mine, in fact ; so when I heard of the terrible strait to which his daughter was reduced I willingly agreed to help her.' ' I am very curious to hear the whole story,' Hugh said. ' She shall tell you the details herself later on. In a nutshell, the facts are these. Valerie'B mother had made a runaway marriage with someone greatly her inferior in the social scale. That waa before she ever saw Mr. St. Leger. The affair was hushed up. and the first hus band dying soon after, it was decided (for family reason a, which I cannot enter into now, to keep tliij marriage a secret. When the child. Eunice was born, she waB placed with a family abroad, and brought up in entire ignorance of her parentage. Miss Hilton — the aunt who adopted Valerie after her parents' death —of course knew about it. but 'Valerie herself never even suspected she had a sister. Unluckily, the true factB of the case came to Eunice's ears ; she went to her aunt, and a violent quarrel1 en sued, Eunice declaring she had been kept out of her rights, and deprived of a portion of her mother's money. The two sisters are so much alike that, no one having seen Eunice come to the house (she had been admitted by an old nurse, who had always taken lier part), the girl who was seen to leave Hilton's room immediately, after tho quarrel was — ? - believed to be Valerie. Miss Hilton whs found on the floor dead, having struck her forehead against the marble curb when Eunice, in the heat of passion, had pushed her violently aside. The nurse managed to get Eunice away dressed in boy's clothes, Valerie meanwhile having come here and implored me to protect her. When the afiair lias blown over a bit we shall try and get her abroad, but of course, just at present she is being sought for everywhere.' Hugh paid many a visit to the Priest's Hole during hia atay, and when he left it was with Valerie'a promise to be his wife, if ever the cloud of suspicion which rested on her should be lifted. She would never marry unless hei name waa cleared she told him. They had not long to wait before death released the ill-fated Eunice from the burden of remorse that lay bo heavily upon her; and her full confession re moved all doubt of Valerie's innocence. 