THE EXPERIENCES OF A UUSV1. A materialisiifg medium who is well known in spiritualistic oircles iB Madame D'Esperance, concerning whom '* Light ' has published some account of the way iu which she began to know that the invisible world is ub real aB tbat which is visible. In her oase it Bcecna indeed as if the invisible world was at first the more real of tho two. From her infanoy Madtmo D'Esperance dwelt among tbe spooks, seeing them moving in and out among men and as human as her own parents. ' ?? Bu far as I know, tbe first leal thoufht I ever took in connection nith these expeiieuces was when necessity arose for defining and sep arating them from theexperiencei of the v;orka. day world J when I came Gradually to tho un derstanding tbat the world in which I spent most of tile day waB not tbe same 'world that tbe people rouud about me inhabited. The dis covorv did not trouble me. I fancy I was rather proud of being the sole proprietor of a world to which my nurse and othero of the workaday woild had no entree ; where the people were kinder nnd quainter. It was a wonderful laud, and I never tired of relating its maivels and beauties, till one dor I wna told that I was old enough to leave off romancing and weaving ab surd stories. 'It took ran sometime to understand that my stories weie not believed, but when I did my in dignation was boundless. 1 learned, bonever, at last, that there are some things it is as well not to talk abeut to everyone ; sol gradually left otf tiaualating the voices of the wind or the songs of tie birds, wbich nobody believed, or only culled romancing — a word which I grew to hate. ' To compensate for tbiB I took much more comfort in my human (?) companions, who in habited what I call my ' shadow ' land, though they were anything but shadows to me. They were always kind. If ] passed them on tbe staiis, or in the old-fasliiouod rooms, they greeted me with frieBrtly smiles. They seemed to like to have me watching them as they moved about, and this I often did. Sometimes strangers came, but for the most part I grew to recognise them all, and loved them dearly. ' One old lady who frequently occupied a seat near the chicaney corner attracted me ; she looked so sweet and gentle in the quaint white head-dress and lace fichu sbe wore, as sbe sat with swiftly moving fingers under which a stocking was always being formed. Tbe vision fascinated me as I observed, time after time. how the deft fingers manipulated the yarn aud the glittering needlee, till the idea came to me that I might learn tow to knit from watching her. ' 1 teased my nurse to supply me with the necessary materials, and Iben tried hard to imitate the movtmrnls of my shadow friend. ' They said our homo was haunted, and gruesome stories were told of the ghosts who perambulated in many empty roams. I waB horribly atrtid of ghosts. I didn't know what they were, but all the same, 1 wts afraid of them ; afraid to move from one room to an other without my shadow friends for company ; afraid to be left alone in bed unless I aaw th» friendly face or smile of one of them, and felt certain they would' protect me from the dreaded ghosts. With them I knew no tear ; dark rooms had no terrors for me. I would spend horns in the haunted rooms, content to know tbat my shadow friends were an all aufncitnt protection againBt the ghosts ; but nrithout them 1 was tbe veriest con-ard. This seeming iucousisteoor gained for mo tho repu tation of being ' queer.' ' 'MadameD'Eipcrunco bad her ears bsxed for desciibing the old lady from shadowlaud who knitted so quickly iu thu chimney corner. But she got over that. What BUeu her child soul with hoi ror was tbe assurance siren her by tbe doctor ' tbat other peop'c see Hiobu things, but they are mad. From that inomenl. she shuddered with dread whenever sbe saw them, believing eacb apparition waa a proof that hei reason was going. At latt, to her great de light, she found tbat they appeared but seldom and almost entirely vanished. ' 'Wben at school, Madame D'Gsperance had a very cutious experience. She had to vtiitoan esBay on Nature. ' My attsmpta at writing only resulted in wanted paper, htadaohes, ar miserable tears at my nt n-success, 1 began to dtspair of ever pro ducing a readable sentence. Ercrr morning I rose with tho determination to write something before nigbt, and eacb night J went to bed ri aalved to keep awake to think out spmetbing before morning ; but thoughts would not come —in itl er in the daylight nor in the night. ??At last, when it had reached to within three days oMbe a'lotted time and I had still done nothing, 1 was driven to my knees and prayed long aud earnestly that God weuld send me thoughts. Wheu I went to bed that night I took with me canrilts, paper, and pencils, in teuding, when tbe otbsr girls were asleep, to lljjl.t my cunales and begin to write ; but, ulas forme, tht-j would not lit me bare a light, and, in despair, 1 cried myfeif to sleep. '? Next morning, when miserably gatluripg up the scattered theets of paper from the ifoor whero they had fallen, 1 discovered th'at they weie corererl by olisely-written liues, wbich turned out to be a cbaiming, well-thuugbt-uut essay. This, after due consideration, I was al lowed to send in ns my work, the handwriting being unmittakably my own, though the ideas were clearly from a wiser and older betd. ' My story of how I bad prayed for thoughts to be civen tome, together with my own Bom nainbulic propensities, was accepted as the pro bable i xplahation ef tho otherwise mysterious occurrence. ' Some years later, when I bod exchanged the bust, occupied life of eldest daughter in a large family for that of a young wife who for several hours a day was loft to her own com pany, I was horrified to find tbo shadow people reappear, and I began to be tormented by tbe old fear of a diieased brain. I never spoke of these strange visions, I was too much afraid of people tbiuliii g me mad ; but the netry secret wit a torture to me.' Then Madame D'£sperance began to hear about spiiitualism. Sbe scoffed at first, but was soon convinced, and a great peacB and rest came to her. Sbo got automatic wilting aud then she begau to sketch tbe portrait of tbe shadow people. 'These were genci ally done in tho dark, as I found that the daikuess acted as a, back ground, throwing into strong relief every small detail of tbe figure I tried to sketch. At firat I was aB much surprised as sinbodr to find I had actually succeeded in making u tolerably accu rate diawinif uuder such conditions. I did nut understand hnw I did it; all I know was that to me it whs not dark. Most of the poitiaits so drawn were identified and claimed bv the friends of the poitiayed person, so 'that out of some hundredbihavin I nulyretuin a hslf-ilozen or 6o which were not recognised.' After experiments for live or six years, they began to experiment for materialisation. At tbe fourth tilting :— 'Those silting outside the cabinet di dared that they saw a band, then a face, appear be tween the openings of tbu curtains. I (Bitting in tbe darkness) saw nothing,^, and was dis tinctly inoredulnuB. I went outside the curtains to havo a look, but found to my diimay that my limbs would hardly bear me. I did see a face, but saok into my chair immediatelf, feel ing strangely weak and powerless ; mid a sort ut fat-uwoy-from-ivcrybody sensation fright -Miud me vciy uiuuh. While in the cabinet I tbeard tbo remfiks of the people outside dii tinctly, though they sieincd to be speaking miles away. Tboy wero talking to tLe owner of tho face I had seen, invitiug him to come out, but be declined on the score of having no clothes. ' During tho interval between that evening and our next meeting, my friend, Mrs. F , and 1 manufactured some garments out of noino old ones which we inteaded t-i placo at the dis posal ot our strange viailuut should bo corns again. A garment, was taken to the seance room and hunir un within the cabinet, reodr for une when thu spirit came. He did come, and examined the garment critically, but was evi dently not so pleased mlh it as we were, for be rolled it up and threw it out iuto the loom ; afterwards stepping ouftiimsclf fully clothert iu a robe of purer, Dner, and moregiaoeful fasbion than that which we bad provided. This was tbe beginning of a — to ma— new phase ot mt dium Bbip, and, curiously - nough, tbe more it was cultivated tho more difficult it became to obtnin uny other kind of phenomena, showing tbat tbe one phase was cultivated at the expeuse of tie other.' Id's hook written by M. AkrakofF, ' A case of partial dnrnatrrialinution of a medium body, a detailed account appears of a materialising seance given by Madame D'ftspermce at Hel singfors in Dec, 1893, at the urgent request of spiritualists of high social sinmling. In a subsequent letter to M. AksakofT, Madame D'E»per*nce nrete i— ' Tbe peculiar thing about this seance con sists in the disappearance of half my body, which I enly found eut by »cuid- nt. My head, or rathor the nape of my neck, was giving me a good deal of pain, and 1 crossed mr bauds be u'uri mv head to Bnonort it. which seemed to relieve me. My arms got tired iu that position, and wishing to reat them on my knees, I found that my legs were gone, and that my hands, instead of tust'iog on my kneoi, were on tbe chair. Tbat frightened me a little, and I wished to know whether it was true, ar if I was dream ing. There nns light enough, so I called tbo attention of the person Biitiug nrxtmetotue strange thing ; ho examined I be chair, and so did four of the others, and they all declared it was true, and that only the upper part of my body waa really tbere. Tbe chair had only mv dress on it ; my arras, ohoulders, «nd chest weie in the proper place above the chain I could speak, move my arms and head, drink water, snd even feel my legs and feet, alttoudi they wore not there. During all Ibis time I bo forms came and went, but t.hftv nnlv fihrraed thfimnpilvfiR ? hinrit* of different shapes and sizes touched those who wore nearest tbe cabinet. 1 think it must have continued an hour from tua time I first riis coTCred my straogu condition, which was loug enough to verify it, and quite loug enough for me, who did not know if ever 1 would get back my legs »nd be able to go home, a doubt that M. -V{csakoff and the other sitters corroborate tbe euK-e truthfulness of the foregoing state ment, snd-^be former thinks that purtinl ileinu teiinlitalioii\may be a far more frequent phe nomenou than is at all sutpected. Thii ex-, perieoce went to confirm bis theory about tLe rource from which the ' spirits ' draw the imb alance, for their materialisations. That theory is that there are thiee degrees of materialisa tion. In the first degree, we hTve ?' invisible materialisation' — invisible to tbe multitude, but not to tbo clairroyuut. In tho secrod decree no have the visible and tangible materialisation of bands, faces, and other p»rt» of tbe body. In tbe third degree we have full forms. In all cases the matter must come frem somewhere, and M. Aksakofl believes it comes from tbo medium. A peculiarity of Madame D'lijperauco's me diumabip is said to be that by a bargain with tbe spirits, she never goes into a trauce, uiid al ways sits ontsiilo the cabinet, and, although sbe becomes passive to tbe point of iddiffertuce, sbe always knows all that goea on. 