WARD-ROOM YARNS. %Se&xa;^ ?HB commander told me ^lP* J this yarn on the more I ing after we coaled al . . I Milford Haven. He had . | h been busy for thirty kn\ sours at a stretch ' I llk\ without the faintest n /ln\ chance of obtaining a wink of sleep; his face ?was sallow irom heavy weariness, and when breakfast was put be fore him he continued to stare vacantly into space. When he did begin to speak, I heard the coal-scales and clinkers rattling in his throat, and he assured me in his quiet, truth ful way, that he had ahead of him some three or four days of great anxiety, because, until that space of time bad passed, he would not dare to smoke, for he could not be sure tihat there was no ac cumulation of coal-gas In him. He was, be told me, a fastidious man, and preferred almost any . death to being'blown up by an internal explosion, t I claim that a man who early in the morning can be humorous is a genius, but here was one full of ' coal-dust, and with an awful fate threateniaK him, and he told me this yarn. \- THE COMMANDER'S TALE. 'About 3 o'clock this morning I felt rather sad and lonely. I had been hard at It for close upon twenty-four hours, and, besides, the men having been slamming 2401b sacks of coals about for twelve hours began to work mechanically, and that always makes me feel that, the whole ship is a machine, and I the only man aboard. I was j fighting my way through an atmosphere of coal- j sacks mixed with darkness, and happening to look i over the side there on the quarter-deck of the col lier alongside I saw the hulking form of a compla cent man. smoking a mammoth, pipe. I recognis ed in him the captain of the collier. He had I drifted out of his snug cabin, and was watching us work. As I tell you, I felt lonely, so I made my way to his aide and bade him good morning. ? He -was a plain, family man, and put on not the j least side in chatting with a mere commander. But it needed suggestion to keep him talking, as his, brain was not of the continuous order, so among other questions I put to him was this— ' 'Have you coaled any other of our ships since we last sailed?' *' 'Yes,' he said, 'two.' ' 'Which were they?' I asked. ' 'One was the 'Awke, the other the Andrew — Andrew ? ' He scratched his head for a moment, and looked more at sea than a stranded whale. ' 'The Andromache?' I suggested. ' 'That's 'er,' he shouted. 'You've 'it it. I knew it w#s a Scotch name.' ' The poor marine could only nod a certification of this tale. He, too, had been coaling, so could not speak. Speaking of the danger of coal-gas in one's inte rior reminded the assistant paymaster of an ex plosion story- The junior gold bags slept in a swung cot or hammock, and to be sure on coaling j nights no hammock can be slung, so he was oblig- j ed to doss about, as it were, snatching wnat sleep ' he could on chairs and refrigerators and things, much like as a tramp dodges the police and dreams on doorsteps. He had spent the night hanging about like a sore thumb, and drowsily damning the Service. So thoughts of death and destruc tion were congenial to his mood, and lie told this moral tale huskily. WHERE THE CORDITE WENT. 'By the way, sir,' he began, 'did you take any part in the correspondence that appeared in the ' Times' regarding the Relaxation battleship mystery?' The commander shook his head. 'Well, you know, when the Relaxation — she's an old ship — was last commissioned, after a few weeks they began to miss cordite from the mags- { zine. That was strange enough, but what *aa I stranger still, and, in fact, alarming, was that at I certain ragged intervals remarkable little explos ions were heard down in the magazine, and after each explosion a little more cordite proved to be missing. They tried every possible thing to discover where the cordite went, and for a long time the mystery remained unsolved. At length a hole was bored through the wall and a continual watch kept. After a few men had taken their turn at the spy-hole without detecting anything unusual, the bo'swain's mate clapped his eye to the place, and discovered the secret. From a bole that had been overlooked, he espied a large lean rat cautiously come out, and this, scurrying to where the cordite was kept; began to eat raven ously. It was easily seen that the rat knew food from mere filling, for he chose cordite before | ship's grub- When he had nearly finished, a sud den noise happened on neck. Alarmed, the rat made a mad leap for the hole, which at the best was but big enough to allow the beast to squeeze through. Dashing bis head into the hole, his ribs struck the iron sides with great violence, and instantly there was a savage little explosion, and the beast disappeared into thin air. The double, mystery of disappearing cordite and ghost ex plosions was explained.' . 'They had only to stop~~up the hole, and save the cordite?' 'Yes; they might have done so, but the owner thought' it better to clear the ship of rats. So he still kept a man at the hole with a heavy ham mer, and every time the man saw a full rat he smote a clanging blow on the iron door, the rat bolted, and there you are.' The Soldier knew the hammer. Nothing short of a opal-mine collapsing upon him could disconcert an engineer aboard a war ship. He is suckled in calamity, reared in adver sity, and lives a life of fearsome and dumb dread expectation. He takes coaling day in an off-hand manner that exasperates the rest of 'his brother officers. So he could tell a story without coal rattling in his throat. A REMARKABLE RACE. 'If it were not for the executives, the owner, commander, No. X, navigating officers, and other unessential s, a cruiser would be a rather jolly place to spend a happy half-century, you know. But they are so inconsiderate to us engineers, and the deuce of it is they have consideration for every other branch of this beautiful, yawning service. They make mistakes, and then serenely shift the blame to our shoulders, and go on turn ing the atmosphere into the Purple East at our ex pense. Those navigators are never by any chance in the wrong, you know. They'll keep us running at 250 revolutions a minute, then suddenly order us down to. twenty-five, and if, as is bound to hap pen, our safety-valve blows -off, they kick up as big a row as the valve, blowing us up for the noise it makes. ''I remember one case of this kind that was Tight down aggravating; enough to make one opwi a sea-cock and sink the ship. During the naval manoeuvres three years ago I was shipmate with Anstruthers on the Willing cruiser, and one dark night we were off the coast of Ireland, every light out, deadlights tight, and all or us in the body of the ship breathing potted air. 'We were dodging on at sixty revolutions, when all on a sudden, jangle goes the confounded bell, and we're up to the limit at one full swoop. Of course we got every stoker going full swing, and for threequar ters of an hour every furnace was wbate-hot, and every revolution the engines could make we got out of them. Early in the excitement we heard the bang of a gun on deck, and knew that an en gagement with the enemy was in progress. Well, as I say, we went thundering through the waves like to shake every rib out of the Willing, when the order slid .down to us to reduce to fifty re volutions. Down w© shut, and when the safety valve began to allow the terrible pressure of steam to escape, the chief and I congratulated ourselves that in this run we had got every ounce of power out of her. As we were smiling all over, and feel ing good, down comes a message to Ajastruthers from the owner, ordering him. -on deck. When the chief returned, I saw at a glance- that he was as card aboil as our best boiler. He took me into a dark corner, so that the men could not see or hear, and he seized his soul by the corners and emptied it of its innermost opinions of the owner right on top of my head. The owner, it seemed, had given him an awful wigging because the blessed safety valves were aroar. The owner had out- stormed a typhoon. 'Does he expect me to swallow the steam, or what?' shouted the chief.' 'What about the engagement?' I asked. 'That's the cussed part of it,' barked the chief. 'The owner and the rest of them thought they were chasing a torpedo-boat destroyer until the thing whistled and disappeared into a tunneL Then it drifted through their brains that it was the night express to Belfast on the K. B. and F. line, wMcq runs on the beach for fifteen miles in this part All our fault!' Guaranteed by the Soldier, who nad an Irish nurse. — Angus Evan Abbott, in. the 'Pall Mall Gazette.' 