POINTS— PERSONAL AN1) POLITICAL. Tub Credit Foticior system which wm intro duced into Victoria a few years ago, has proved so vory successful, that it has engaged tho Attention of sumo of thu members of tho New South Walos legislature. In tho Assombly on Thursday night Mr. Norton asked the Premier If ho hud soou tho budget spceoh of Mr. Shiols, tho Victorian Treasurer, in which roforenco was made to thu success of thn Rvnft-ni nttrl (fan would ho consider tho advisAhifity of inlroduu-' ing the practice into New South Wales. Sir William Lyno inudu reply that it was tho intention of tho Gevornmunt to bring forward a schumo practically on tho canio lines as that ot Victoria. ' An unfortunate accident happened to tho Public Works Committee about nine miles out from Dantliiloo nn Thnnulnr. whiln tho nurtv were on thoir way to that place to oiion on inquiry concerning tho Bognn Unto— Bulboriney railway, Messrs. P. G. Shepherd and «T. MeFarlano were being drivon by Mr Larkings in n buggy, which was followed by a four-iu- hand, carrying Messrs, Watson, Lyno, and Stuart. The leaders of thu feur-iii-hand, became detached, and collided with the huggy, capsizing it. The whole of occupants were thrown out. Mr. Shepherd received a sovoro shaking, and Mr. MeFarlano fell on his woak arm, and sustained a uovero bruising. No fracture occurred. Driver Larkiits was novoroly bruised, also Driver Hall, of the four-in-hand, who was dragged off tho box seat, tho vohiolo passing over him. Tho wheelers then oluarod out with tho vuhiclo as galloping speed, ami Miiashod Into a funco. Tho occupants, Messrs. Lyno and Stimrt, escaped unhurt, both vehicles were budly smashed. Thu injured passengers wore transferred to other vehiclos, and Williamson's mail coach, which was follow ing. The cause of thu bolt was tho horsoB Inking fright at a camp uf htucks. Ily a majority of six, tho Yiotorian Assomuly last week carried Mr. McKunziu's amendment to tho Fcdoral Eloclorates Bill, thus rovunuuff tho decision of nhoul a wock ago, anu granting an additional momber to tho country districts. Thu amendment will causo tho recasting of tho moasure. Tho remainder of thu same night's sitting was devoted to discussing tho voting by Post Bill in oom- thiUcc. Tho Conciliation and Arbitration Bill has now boon eiroulatod. The proposod measure provides (hat tho Court of Arbitration shall consist of a Supremu Court judge, ono person recommended by tho employers, and one hy tlio employees. Full powers of jurisdiction are given, and no duuiniou or order may bo called into question. No dispute can bo re ferral to tlio oourt without a resolution passed hy tho majority of tho members present nt n specially summoned meeting of the union. Provision is also made for the enforcement of tho awards of the court. The Premier, in reply to Mr. J, C. L. Fitz- putrick, read and mid upon tliu tablo ot thts Assembly en Thursday the number of voters in the various fodoral electorates (according to tho existing rolls.. The numbers are as follows Wurrang, 14,001 ; Toorawal, 13,073 ; Mareubra, 12,217; Booralec, 14,303; Cronutla, 14,444; Camm&ra;, 15,000; Bullnnaroing, 13,037 iKuring- gai, 12,730 ; Tombuh, 13,517 ; Cambowarm, 13,182; Millnmurra, 1u.131; Wurriwa, 10,505; Narriga, 11,844; Moolabindo, 14,804; Mirroe), 11,418; Nymboida, 13,003; Kamalari, 1 1,000; Wan ego, 10,400; Murkurilla, 11,101; Wam- benl, 11,300; Wonnarua, 12,854; Cal&rio;, 11,375 ; CaIIqIa, 12,138 ; Unara, 0,508 ; Wlrra- darl, 10,702; Waatmnga, 11,820. Total voters, 322,468. Mr, Law askod whothar, in viow of tho diifioulty of pronouncing thtuw outlandish names, and that there had boon 20 Ministries in New Boulh Wales, and only 12 Primo Miiiifltero, would tho Premier perpatuato tho memory of tho twolvo by styling fodoral electorates nftor thorn T 8ir Wm. Lyns said ho was Mtrpriscd at tlio qucation, bucauao ho thought no gob through the names very well. Mr. A. W. Britton has lost only onco in tho many intercolonial matches in which ho lias taken part. Ho boa now added to his laurels by defeating Mr. H. Holmann, during tho gambit tourney at tho Sydney Chess Club, In a gamo which has bcon awarded tho brilliancy prizo prcsoutcd by Mr. Vano. Tho gamo was an Evuns gambit, Mr. Britton playing white. An inquiry is now being held into tho goueral maimgomoat of otu military alfaira in Now Suulii Wales, and so far it has shown a con- dltinu of affairs far from satisfactory. In Viotoria a report has just boon published which discloses that tho defence forces thore are uot wlmt thoy should bo. It will bo but poor couflulntion for tho future Fcdurnl Minister of Defence to know that tlio notorial, uuns, and carriugo of tlio Victorian Field Artillery are old and obsolete, that tho horses aro quito unsuitable, and that much of tho clothing is worn out. Tho mun of tho PurmancntArtUlury are somewhat bettor off, but oven thoy aro defective in many important particulars of their equipment. These facts are disclosed in Major- General Downts' annual report. Ho wauts a small arms factory, mid pointa out that lyddito could bo mndo here. New Mouth Wales having plenty of tho requisite material. Put bi icily, and generally, the report spooks uf other ImmchoH of tho service being fairly satisfactory, although a strong appeal Is mado in favunr of an annual encampment of nt least 60veu days' duration, it is satisfactory to know from thu naval commandant tlmt the turret ship Cerberus is in good order, aUltniigh sumo of her intertiul machinery wauls remodelling and renewing. Ladv Maedoimld (wife of Bir Claude Mao- dtmuM) bus such an unfailing How of good HpirtU tlmt one in inclined to furget that a i torr'dilo IridmIv ulnuilMl \u>r ,«irlv nmrrw.il llf.i 1 when her first husband, Mr. lloburtsmi, of tho 1 Indian Civil Bervicu, aud \ior little children, all 1 pi'risbed of cholera within a low daj s. It was a considerable time before aha ruoavurcd thin flhock, although aho is a woman wbolricato make the heat of everything, and is prepared to take tlio smooth and thu rough na it comes. , Sinco Iter marriage to Bir Claude Miicdonald aho has had two little daughters, named Ivy and Stella. The latter wm bora In a Buddhist temple. Sympathetic, kind hearted, and unselfish, Lady Mocdonatd was a general favourite wherever alio went, and although Sir Chimlu was supposed to lie a hardened bachelor nr lieu lie mei, tier, muir unipiguniuiib unit auu sequent marriage occasioned no surprise to tho charming Mrs. Robertson's many friomls. Although she was an great pcrformor horaolf, Lady Maodoimfd waa fond of music, ami liml trained u choir for tho English Church, which was situated within the Legation walls. She wns an udndrabto housekeeper, and always tnaimgod hm household and servants herself ; oven in West Africa nhu never relegated this feminine duty to anyone else. An interesting account of Mm reception accorded a play uf which thu Kainur was part author is given in a Berlin cablegram in tlio Han Francisco "Chronicle." Thu presentation of "Dor Ieonzahn" (tho Iron Tooth) at tho Royal Theatre was a nolahlo ovent, socially and artistically. Alt tho tickets had been Hold nino days lioloro aud tho houso was packed. Emperor William uppearcd during tho sccomi not, and eat almost unobserved and quito alone in tho royal orchostnv box, screened by tho drapery from observation. Aftor the first act there was comploto silence. After tho second and lliifd' thore was rather vigorous npplauso, but from thn purauet. whnru tho critics and literary people sat, and from tho second and third gallorios, thore camo a piercing storm of Idssos. Tho Entnoror, whoso catlahorator with Captain Lauf in tho ploy Is well-known, was highly displeased. Captain Lauf took a cupof lea with his Majesty after tho tlnrd uct, having twice answered culls from tho boxes ami olsowiioro, and having como laiforo tho curtain as pals /ui a ghost. Thun ho, with tho Kinperor, loft thu theatre, which caused a son- B'ltiun, Neither tho Phnpress nor the Iiuporiul Princes atlemlod, quito contrary to tho previous arrangement. Tho public vurdiut of the play is that it Is verbose, although containing fiuu dramatic passages, nnd 'too palpably glorifies tho- Hohenzollcrn hero who put down tho Berlin robotllon of 1447. Tho acting was oxcollunt thoroughout. Sir Andrew Clark, who is tho solo survivor of those who framed . tho Constitution uf Victoria in 1855, writes "Tho; Times/', ox- pressing hi eatisfnetfop nn liavin? livod -toBcoj tho achiovcnfofit of Australian Fodorulion. ' Hir Andrew quotes a despatch of Lord John Rutacll, who was Colonial H curatory in 1855, In which thu Whig statesman oxprossod tho hopo that the eoncoMion of self- government would nromoto internal progress ami tho main- tonance of British union and Britiah consaugui- idly. Lord John Huasoll's lurecaat, Sir A' adds, iias now boon abundantly juatiDwi. xho deep sympathy " to wluoh ho nlluderl in ltoS. ns shown hy Victoria, Iisb developed in 1000 11 into assistanco of tho most valuable kiud, most enthusiastically givon by all tho Austin- ilan oolonios." — 