IN FRONT AND BEHIND. (By Valentine Bay.) THE WEEK'S PROGRAMME. The Criterion — The Black Flag. Her Majesty's — Macbeth. The Royal — A Trip to Chicago. The Tivoli — Lottie Collins. The Standard — See advertisement. The Town Hall — Organ Recitals. Cycloraina — .Jerusalem and Illusions. A Trip to Chicago, to the best of my recollection, was last played in Sydney at the Garrick in 1890 under the style of Widow O'Brien, Esqr. It is more gorgeously staged now than then but has still the fault which then marked it — the second act is so devoted to variety business that one sees too little of Johanna Murphy (Johnny's new name) and Lulu — played by Gracie Whiteford. Mr. Sheridan shows traces of his recent illness in his face but none in his acting. He looks thin and pinched, but that may have been caused by his exertions in chasing the bookies from whom he won £400 on Clean Sweep. His first act is quite up to his Fun on the Bristol standard and the show is thoroughly well-drilled throughout. The Sheridan- Anderson combination opened to a very big house on Satur day night and the promise of that evening has since been sustained. Gracie Whiteford seems to have the secret of eternal youth. She has gained experience without wrinkles and does not look a day older than »liAn she first landed here. Her opening solo and her duet with Mr. Sheridan were highly successful. Frank Crossley is a useful young man. He plays a London dude very cleverly and his song I'll Meet Thee, with imitation of a 'cello, is one of the most artistic hits of the evening. Celia Maris has much improved as an actress since we saw her last. Jtier Picador song— sung first here by Nellie Stewart in Pepita—is a song which requires surroundings and atmosphere in order to go. Florrie Barnes somewhat reminds me of the late Sadie Macdonald. Delia Ross dances very cleverly and might with advantage be made more use of. A vnn triloauial sketch by Verey and Geeves has one bright feature — the use of a living dummy. Maud G wynne plujs a Boston lady with much distinction and good tasle. Au old friend in Fred Wentworth plays the inevitable money-hunter, but has few chnnces of airing his voice. Scenic-artist Rege Robins, who plays a small part brightly, got a big call for his beautiful Chicngo Fair scene on first night. Some of Mr. Sheri dan's sayings create tremendous laughter. Says he : ' Vanus emerg in' from the Bath-tub is a fine figure av a gurl, but I look very well in the wathur mesilf.' By the way, the courteous Mr. Frank Weathersby still looks after Mr. Sheridan's interests. There ia nothing to be said con cerning things theatrical round at the Criterion except that Robbery Under Arms continued to be a good draw up till the last moments of Starlight. As I said last week, The Black Flag, by the late Henry Pettitt, takes the stage to-night. I think it was George Conquest vyho did such big business with this in London but may be wrong. It is a long time since it was first produced. Richard III is still in course of active pre paration. This character ought to suit Mr. Dampier. At the Tivoli, Lottie Collins, who gets £1 20 a week and two first-class fares out and back, is still a great draw. Emmonds, Emmerson. and Emmonds have returned to discourse concerning the Bird in the Gilded Cage, the curse of the matinee hat, and the troubles of a lady who lost a dog. We sometimes hear a nice duet at the Tivoli, but I wonder that Mr. Rickards does not occasionally give us a quartette. He has four very evenly balanced voices just now. Such an item would go high. The Australian people are great lovers of harmony. Sydney folks seem to think that Musgrove is merely licking his opera company into -shape in Melbourne with public rehearsal * in order to be in good form for Sydney, where he opens at the Royal on December 1st. Sheridan then, as I hinted before, moves into the Lyceum, where he plays for five weeks or so ere he skips for Kauriland. This lets Anderson's dramatic company — now at Brisbane — into the Lyceum, where they open with The Ladder of Life and follow it up with The World's Verdict, Two Little Drummer Boys, On Active Service, Serving the Queen, and other strong plays. One hears more about Edgar Still man Kelly's music in connection with Macbeth than about the cast. It ap pears that he studied at Stuttgart and wrote the music for Mr. and Mrs. M'lvce Rankin. For the occa sion, the orchestra will be 4'J strong. The following is the cast for to-night's performance : — Lady Macbeth, iNance O'Neil ; Macbeth, M'Kee Rankin ; Macduff, Henry Kingston ; Duncan, George Becks ; Malcolm, Joseph Came ; Banquo, Henry Plimmer ; Ross, Barton Hill ; First Witch, J. B. Atholwood ; Second Witch, Mrs. Henry Brucy. ThcNance O'Neil Svdney season concludes on Decem ber 15th. New Zealand is then her base of operations. Sivroni has scored with Fuller in New Zealand. Both Dix and Fuller are making money in New Zealand all the time. The Tylers do well with Fuller. The boy is esteemed a perfect marvel. The De Yilla Sisters boxing spu ria' ty is popular with Dix's Co. in Kauriland. The Lledertafel gave a very fine show at the Town Hall during the week. Julia Arthur plays Hamlet on her return to the stage at New York. The Pelican does not believe that Edwardes would pay a novice from £10 to £40 weekly. The social tendered by teachers to Herr Hugo Alpen at tie Elite Hall was most successful. Emmie Owen, once at the Savoy, will probably play Decima Moore's part in The Scarlet Feather. According to Colonel Hicks, Harmaton's Circus does well in the East. It is now in India. Vera Eyton, who played and sang at the Palace in Thou Fool, has joined Harry Coghill's company. Amy Castles' voice has settled down into a mezzo-soprano, and is said to have recovered from the tear ing it got here. Regina Nagel — touring with the Carl Rosa Co. ? — is said to have left Marchesi at least six months too soon. W. R. Sinnotte informs me that Lily De Vere still lies severely ill in Dunedin hospital. Jessie Thome (in private life Jessie Last) of the Thome and Dell double, has married Steve Adson and joined P. R. Dix. The Fauet Trio still go big guns with St. John at Brisbane Royal, but join P. R. Dix at Auckland in two weeks. Heba Barlow fell sick while playing with Dix in Auckland. She speaks highly of the kindness of the man agement and of the public. Dix still runs four Kauriland com panies. Fuller has five — one at Auckland, one at Wellington, two in Christchurch, and one on tour. Rosa Bird, known in Australia as Josephine Jacombs, a soprano of good quality, is teaching singing after Marchesi at London. Amongst well-known London play houses now closed are the Prince of Wales, the Queen's, the Duke's, the Alexandra, Toole's, the Old Garrick, Sadler's Wells, #and other?. At the Hipprodrome, Lonlon, Sandow, in a sketch, holds up a tem porary bridge in place of one blown down, while a body of troops crosses over. Patey's Liliputian Opera Company opened at the Adelaide Royal last Saturday in The Bells of Normandy — Les Cloches de Corneville. Tlioy ha now got a pea-guessing competition at the Cycloraina. This is a very ancient game and is said to been very popular with the ancient Jews. Albert Athas and Lizzie Collins are showing at Gatti's, Charing Cross, and have received particularly good notices from The Stage — the pros' paper. As usual, Harry Rickards puHled oil! a double on Cup night by running two shows with his Bijou company — the other at the Gaiety. As I said last week, the Sheridan pantomime is definitely abandoned on account of the illness from which J. F. is so happily recovered. G. D'Albert opened at the Bijou last Monday. Lizzie lvirke, a voca list of some eminence, and Frank Leon, the clog dancer, are on their way out. The Australian Juvenile Company, now playing at Capetown, is headed by Harry H. Hall, son of the late J. L. Hall. They play The New Bar maid and The Belle of New York. Charles Leumane singa in Grand Opera with Musgrove. His last ap pearance here was with Lilian Tree and Edward Farley at the Lyceum nearly two years ago. Mme. Charbonnet- Kellerman gives three pianoforte recitals at Melbourne. Some of the hypercrilbs - f that nil admirari city attack the pleasant little lady. Yvette Gilbert complains that she gets fat and that her hair has turned from red to brown. When she gets quite well she is promised reduction to h^r proper size. Rostand's L'Aielon has run for over 200 nights at Sara Bernhardt's theatre. In that period it drew £H8,OUO, or on an average, £414 18s. a night. She deserves all her luck. Charlie Godfrey, son of the late comedian and who was said to have beeen killed by the Boers, was re ported to be desirous of becoming a tobacconist but is about to show at the halls. The retirement of R. G. Knowles is again announced. I am not sorry — I heard him six times at distant intervals. Each time he sang On the Benches in the Park and nothing else. At the nineteenth Newcastle (N.S.W.) Eisteddfod, the Stockton Choir toDk first prize for women's voices ; the Wallsend and Plattsbiirg Federal Choir was first for mixed voices. Fran Cosima and Siegfried Wag ner attempted unsuccessfully to pre vent by injunction the singing.of Parsifal at an Elberfeld concert, without acting or scenery. They got neither injunction nor damages. The.iVtfMW hints — the news is stale — that in Espinasse's Sapho the difficulty about the transport of Fanny Legrand upstairs by the artist will be got over by Nance O'Neil carrying Kington up in her arms. If Williamson has sent Hazon to Italy for an opera company in order to compete musically wiih Musgrove, he is a bit late. The latter crowd will have had at least a six months' run ere his push arrives. Edmund Fisher makes himself look foolish in the Bulletin by dis- puting Ibsen's genius and the in- fluence which he has exercised on contemporary literature, also by sneering at Bernard Shaw — big enough to cut into a boat-load of Fishers. Ibsen may have started life as a stage-manager but it seems im- probable. Fisher might as well say that a man started life as Premier. If he were a professional showman from 1852 to 1862, so much the better for his skill as a playwright. Dr. Chapot Prevost, a Brazilian surgeon, has separated Maria and Rosalind, conjoined twins, whose livers were united as were those of the Siamese twins. Rosalind re- covered but Maria succumbed to pleurisy and pericarditis. Charles Henry Russell (Charles Field) died the other day from Bright's disease and was buried at Waverley. Recently playing with Nance O'Neil, he came to Australia with Mrs. Bernard Beere. I shall always remember him as the callant who ran away in The Little Minister. Harry M'Colcord, who crossed Niagara on Blondin's back — an ex cursion which occuyied 46 minutes — says that some of the guylincs which steadied the rope were cut by a gang of gamblers who had wagered that Blondin could not perform the feat. The Crane-Power Company opened at Christchurch last Monday. They have a varied repertoire now — The Christian, The Sign of the Cross, A Royal Divorce, Trilby, The Only Way, Tees o' the Durbervilles, and The King's Musketeers. Contralto Eva Mylott is touring with Nellie Cooke, the Sydney nightingale; Baritone W. A. Robyns ; and planiste Hilda Aiken. Miss Mylott purposes leaving for America and Britain when she has worked ont the Australian vein. The Valdares have returned to New South Wales, and are now tour ing under canvas with Fred Garnet ; James Mooney and Ida Holbein ; Professor Godfrey and his performing dogs; The Atillas, gymnasts ; Eileen O'Connor ; Cyclist Tom Power ; and Driscoll Foley, the monologuist. As usual, the Bulletin closes its Ibsen controversy with the lengthy communication of its own writer — Edmund Fisher, who makes out a very poor case for himself. The Cookney humorist is quite out of his element when serious criticism is involved'. The Whistling Oyster, tho old eating-huuse at Drury Lane, got its name from a yarn that a whist ling oyster was commanded to whistle before the King (George IV ?) who countermanded the order when he heard that the oyster was a native. A shrewd drive at his preference for foreign musicians. Stella Esdaile, the chorus girl with the shapely shanks and sugared smile, who played the dolly part in the Milk-White Flag when Sadie Mac donald died suddenly, and who re cently showed in London as Vi Stella, is playing in The Rose of Persia. Charles Tilbury, Musgrove's lead ing basso, must have a poor nerve. Wh'-n he was playing Mephistopheles in Melbourne, someone told him how Federiei died in the trap when playing in Faust. On making his super natural exit with Faust, Tilbury fainted away. Maggie Moore writes the Referee about playing Nellie Denver to The Silver King of Titheradge. She did so some fifteen years ago when Annie Mayor was temporarily disabled by an accident at KatoDmba. She also, through the sickness of Emma Bron ton, played Nellie to the King of the late Lawrence Cautley. I have an inconvenient memory. Actor Emery, in Australia with the Silver Falls Company and stage manager at the Royal at one time, is now managing the Empress Theatre at Earl's Court. Kiralfy is exhibit ing there the Women of all Nations. TJiey are hired through British con suls, lodged and fed, travelling exes, paid both ways, as well as a weekly salary. Also a guarantee is given to return them safe and sound .It is said that Madame Alva has been Joft £35,000, free of legacy duty, by a wealthy Australian, ' for her goodness at heart in singing one afternoon in the convent at Bendigo to a number of nuns.' A legacy of of £5000 a son g is good pay, Madame Alva, whose Australian tour was somewhat of a frost, is a Protestant, and the wife of Edward St. John Brenon, well-known in journalism and once a prominent Home Ruler. Colonel Richard Lovelace, lhe Cavalier poet and famous lyrist' author of To Anthea from Prison, To Lucasta on Going to the Wars, and other lovely lyrics, was buried in St. Bride's Church, Fleet-street, London, afterwards burnt down, but rebuilt by Sir Christopher Wren. A memorial is talked of. Frances Saville was born at 'Frisco, but spent most of her early years in Sydney. She has a fixed engage ment at the Imperial Opera House, Vienna — supported out of the Emperor's purse — which seats 3000 persons and is reckoned the equal of La Scala at Milan. Her engagement is for eight performances a month, and she is already entitled to a life pension. Her favorite roles are as Leonora, Gilda, Manon, Lucia, Eli/.ubeth, Elsa, Juliette, and Marguerite. Alexandre Duma? said her Traviata was his ideal one. Edward Lloyd first sang at a iinisic.il festival in 1871 at Glouce'ter. He made his last appearance of the kind at the Birmingham Festival recently. He will tour the world ere retiring into private life, beginning with America, then coming to Aus tralia, thence on to India and South Africa, ere settling down on his farm in Sussex. They say that Lloyd's voice is still unimpaired. If that be so, there is a treat in store for us. George Rignold, controlled by R. P. Kennn, with a company 27 strong, opened at Bathurst last Monday and went thencc to Orange and Dnbbo. He opens at Lau'nceston early in December, at Zeehan at Christmas, and at Queenstown on New Year's Day. Mr. Ricrnold then opens at Hobart on January 14th for the race nn,l regatta month, probably in Othello instead of Henry V as I said previously. As I also said already Phil Stuart is in advance. For coun VrV 'use, Mr. Rignold has got My P-.rtner, Called Back, Man to Man, nii'.l Confusion. Grundy asserts that a Debt of Honor, although founded on his In Honor Bound, is an absolutely new and original play. The plot, however, resembles that of The Likeness of the Night by Mrs. \V. K. Clifford, who therein lias dramatised a magazine story of hers which appeared in 1885. Her play, now in the Ivendals' hands, was first handed to Manager George Alexander, who is the Sir George Carlyon in Grundy's comedy at the St. James'. Apart from the simi larity of plot there are at least two situations in both plays which coin cide very closely. According to Maggie Moore, Wil ton Lackaye, the original Svengali, is the best actor she has ever seen in modern drama. He lives and breathes a real Svengali ; was great in The Middleman ; has a fine appearance ; the most wonderful eyes Maggie ever saw ; and a voice like the Town Hall organ. Send him along — we need him here. Bar George Rignold and Alfred Dampier, there isn't an actor in Sydney at this minute who is fit to play lead in anything which requires force or emotion. I have always admired the out spokenness of the Herald's critic con cerning those who translate plays from the French and German, and then lay claim to authorship. It is not long since in Sydney that Ingomar was described as by Maria Lovell, when it is known to be a nrre adaptation by that lady from the German of Friedrich Halm — a pseudonym for Baron Munch Belling liausen (d. 1806 at Krakow). Its original title was Der Solin der Wilderness, and it was first pro duced in 1848 at Drury Lane. AccorJing to the Herald, William Charlton's version was originally as popular as that of Maria Lovell, who.was not a playrightj but a good German scholar and the wife of a London journalist. It appears that the new musical pitch introduced by George Musgrove is that known as the French Pitch in which A equals 435 vibrations. It is about two- thirds of a semi-tone lower than the high original English Philharmonic pitch, in which A equalled 423 vibrations, and was first adopted in 1859 by a commission appointed by the Emperor Napoleon, on which sat Auber, Halevy, Berlioz, Meyerbeer, Rossini, and Ambrose Thomas. It is over a quarter of a tone sharper than Mozart's pitch and was adopted by some British musical societies a few years ago. It is claimed that this pitch accom modates vocalists, gives fulness, and improved quality of tone, and is not so low as to cause a serious loss of brilliancy. On the other hand, it NOVHMBKK ra AT BALAIORAL. nhek, ITanwgfont Co., Lid may be adopted as a mere device to conceal the inferior voices of the importati ns. The performance of Hamlet was dragging itself slowly along. The time had come for the appearance of the ghost, There was a slight delay owing to the tardiness of the spectre in responding to its cue. The pro found stillness that followed was broken by a loud voice in the front row of the main balcony : ' Mamma, there are 87 men down there with round white spots on top of their heads.' And no stage ghost ever made its appearance under more dis couraging auspices than the armor clad phantom that came stalking upon the stage at the moment. Some time ago, Frank M. Brady of New York read a magazine in which he saw an article on suicide. The article mentioned the existence of a cross, known as the 4 suicide's cross,' just beneath the third finger of the left hand. Brady had evi dently sought for the cross in his own hand, for his skin there was marked with a pencil, and beyond a doubt there was a line in the Hesh which might have been taken for such a cross in the mind of an over worked man. Then Brady wrote in the margin of the page containing the picture of the suicide's hand, 4 It is a far better thing I do to-day than I have ever done It is a far better rest I take than I have ever known.' This done, he shot himself. There was an equally tragic sequel to this event. Some little while after 4 The Only Way ' went to Brooklyn, where Brady's widow lived, and from every bill-board she was confronted with the fateful quotation mentioned above, and she killed herself during the second week of the run of the play. I clip the following reference to The School For Scandal from the Star in the hopes that som » News letter reader will translate it for me. I kept it by me for days, but :ill my efforts proved fruitless : — ' If the comedy of Sheridan could ripple from the tongues of actors as readily as it flowed from the pen of the playwright the piece might possibly have sunk into oblivion long ago. But the charm of it is that the brilliant and racy comedy demands, by the very strength of its qualities, a force of stage interpretation, which enables a strong cast to tower magnificently over the weaker efforts of immature actors. Hence it conies that, as in the present instance, we are regaled to a feast of sparkling wisdom which stands far above the humbler efforts of everyday stagecraft. The past of the comedy has been one of the achievements of fame, and its destiny cannot be forseen, for even were particular shafts of wit and repartee to shoot beyond the ken of men's memories, it would seem that some must still live from era to era to electrify and thrill, and throw light from their polished tips upon the habits of predecessors.' Perhaps no place of amusement and iustruc'ion hus had the extraordinary run of patronage that the Cyclorama haa had. The reason this standard place of pastime and profit is always fresh and attractive is explained by the oxtra exhibitions in the ' Hall of Illusions,' where sights are seen which to the ordinary mortal are simply in credible. A modest sliiMiug admits to everything. It appears that Yvytte Gilbert once bearded Sarcey,the great critic, in his den after an exceptionally caustic attack on her. The servant an nounced 4 AfdlK Yve|.te Gjlbert,' but Sarcey pretended not to h'ar and went on writing. Yvette waited a minute, coughed, then swept across the room and gave the critic a semi playful, semi- aggressive tap on the shoulder. Thereupon Sarcey arose and remarked, with exaggerated cour tesy : 1 Pardon ; I was so busily writ ing about you that I had to finish my sentence before I could greet you in person. Pray sit down/ Yvette came to the point at once with the remark : ' Monsieur Sarcey, you are a cad 1' The critic bowed. ' A cad, monsieur !' repeated mademoiselle, in her most blood-curdling tones. ' You have already said so, Mademoiselle.' 'You make cowardly attacks upon a woman,' ejaculated Yvette. 4 Ah, we are coming on,' responded the critic; 4 your style improves, but I must say that, as a woman, Mdlle. Gilbert is nothing to me. What I may say of her public reputation can not effect her innocent private char acter.' Yvette turned white with rage at the sarcasm. 4 1 regret,' continued Sarcey, 4 that this pile of white paper must be covered with ink before noon, and if we have no more to say to each other ? 1 The now maddened singer seized the inkstand and in a flash overturned it upon the paper. 4 It is now covered with ink,' was all she said. Sarcey bowed : ' Good day, mademoiselle ; I have more ink and paper,' and he rang for the servant and that was the end of that little interview. A writer once thus summed up the attributes necessary to tho lady who would succeed on the i-tage : — A strong physique ; a slender figure ; an expressive face ; a lack of real feeling ; an abundance of pretended feeiing ; great fascination of manners; considerable business fnculty ; an utter lack of sensitiveness ; a capacity for taking pains ; an unwedded life (at first anyhow) ; some genius at advertising ; a good memory ; quick .study ; good luck ; talent. Then he proceeded to say that many actresses have attained a marked measure of success without, or with hardly any, such qualifications — exeept the penultimate one. But, in these cases, there have been either (1) outside influences at work, not directly con nected with the profession ; (2) ex traordinary personal beauty, which people would go to see if it neither spoke nor moved — the men from admiration, the women from curiosity or iealousy, or both ; (3) a previous reputation, very good or very bad, in the world of society or fashion, literature or art, but altogether out side the stage-door ; or (4) the eclat of having sustained a leading role in a cause cetibre , or the reputation of a close intimacy with a Great Person age. 4 The stage isn't what it used tobe,' said Mr. Dooley, 4 in th' days whin 'twas th' purpose iv th' hero to save th' honest girl fr'm th' clutches iv th' villain in time to go out with him an' have a shell iv beer at th' Dutchman's downstairs. In th' plays nowadays th' hero is more iv a villain thin th' villain himself. He's th' sort iv a man that we used to heave pavin' sthones at whin he came out iv th' stage dure iv th' Halsted sthreet opry-house. To be a hero ye've first o-ot to be an Englishman, an' as if that wasn't bad enough ye've got to have coirmitted as many crimes as th' late H. H. Holmes. If he'd been born in England he'd be a hero. Ye marry a woman who swears an' dhrinks an' bets on th' races an' ye quarrel with her. Th' r-vest iv ill' play is made up iv hard cracks be all th' char-nck-ters at each others' mor als. This is called repartee be th' lamed, an' Hogin. Repartee is where I say : 4 Ye stole a horse,' an' ye say, 4 But think iv ye'er wife !' In Ar-rchey r-road 'tis called disord'ly conduct. They'se another play on where a man r-runs off with a woman that's no better thin she ought to be. He hates her an' she marries a burg lar. Another wan is about a lady that ates dinner, with a German. He bites her an' she hits him with a cabbage. Thin they'se a play about an English gintleman iv th' ol' school who thries to make a girl write a let ter f'r him an' if she don't he'll tell on her. He doesn't tell, an' so he's rewarded be marryin' th' heroine, an honest English girl out f'r th' money. At the Standard Theatre on Fri day evening last, tho Standard 'Dramatic Company produced the late H. J. Byron's comedy-drama 4 Tho Lnncashire Lass,' and during the week played to good and appreciative audiences, calls being frequent, and cheers loud. Mr. Clifford Vane (who claims to have played the part over 500 times) was the party by the name of Johnson, and did ample justice to the drunken old reprobate, though the business was occasionally somewhat overdone. Mr. Carroll on the night of the writer's visit appeared to be ill, and apparently went through his part with great difficulty. He is a capable actor, and it would be unfair to criticise his performance on the occasion named. As a villain, Mr. Vincent is very feeble, though better this week than last. The female characters are about the weakest Byron ever invented, but Miss Glover as the Lancashire Lass, Miss Frazer as Fanny Danville, and Miss Maxwell as Kate Garstone, were all fairly good, the hitter's death scene standing out well. The piece was well btnged and the scenery good. 