and Won. erT/.PTEE xxin.—COXTEUTED. • iJQoes not, he canuot; he wisheo rne dead, and I will never forgive him. Mamma, pray manage it for me. Tell him that it is true I am here, and that I wish to remain here all my life, that I thank him for calling, but that I wou'd rather not see him. Oh, mamma, do this for me !' She bent down and kissed me. 'I will do just what you ask, my darling.' She went away, and my h drooped again, but now my brain was c!ear-I could think. Ah, well, now all was at an end 1 Of course, he would be disgusted when he received my message—would go away, and never seek to see me again, Well. let him go and marry bis love. I heard the sound of a door opening and closing. He wag gone, gone for ever, and my mother, of course; was coming back to me. Then a hand gently touched mine, but surely that was not the light touch of my mother's soft, slender hand! This was warm and strong, and a voice, that was like no other voice on earth to me, murmured softly : * Maude, why did you leave ?' He was there, and my heart went out to him with a great passionate cry. But I had left him, and I never meant to look upon him in this world again. Haying buried my love, was I now to be biought face to face with its ghost ?' ' Maude will you neither look at me nor speak to me ? asked the earnest voice. ' I cannot!' I cried. ' Oh, mother, nave you betrayed me?' ' Then my mother's loving hands stole round me. She drew me aside into the cloisters, motioning to Galahad to follow 4 Maude, darling, listen to me,' said my mother. ' You were mistaken, be ! never said those cruel words. • It was > you he loved all along-you, and no I one djje. . • ' It is true, Maude. Look up, my | darling,' Galahad pleaded. | When at last my courage came back to me, and I louked up, my mother was j;one, and my handsome young lover stood there alone. ' Maude, my darling,' he whispered, * how could you leave me! How cculd you believe all those foolish cruel words ? You must have seen thai I loved you with ait my heart.* ' You loved Lady Maud Trent,' I said, my iace still hidden. * They all said so. Your mother wished her to be your wife.' * Bus,' he interrupted, 1 in marrying 1 intend to please. mySelf—not my moii.er. Oh, Maude, do not punish me for the sins of others! Let me ^aze at those beautiful eyes of yours— ihty have haunted me from the first jTiniiient I saw them. Do you remember, dear, when I found you under the cedar-tree crying as though your heart would break ? Look at me, love! You were kinder lb me thea ' You were so cool to me,' I said. •Alter Lady Maud Trent came you had no eyes, no ears, for anyone but her.' ' Pardon me Maude, that is not true. Lady Maud Trent was a very old friend, • so there could never be any question at all of my falling in love with her. . I should as soon have tboyght of falling in love with one bf my ; own sisters.: Could you not see that? With het I was'quite.'at iny ease, while I was just, a little afraid 0/ you.' We looked at each other in silence, eis face was full of inquiry, mine of reproach. ' Answer me one question,' I said— only one. Tell me the truth. Did you, feeling that I was in your way, express a wish to others that I were j ilcarl ?' f ' His handsome face flashed with | fti.ger. He raised his head proudly, his eyes flashed with scorn. -1 wonder that you should ask me end 1 a question, Maude.' ' That is no answer. Did you or did you not ?' ' 1 did not. I am at least a gentleman and a man of feeling,' and his fat e flushed yet more angrily. 'I will tell you all,' I said; and I related to him the conversation between his sisters which I had ©veiheard. As he listened his face softened. * You believed that ot me, Maude— of me, who love you with all my heart —that for the sake of that paltry money I wished you dead ?' * They said— I thought that if you h»d the money you could marry L&dy; Maude Trent, at once.' He lau:hed an angrily, scornful laugh that rang through the cloisters. ' And you believed that? Because of that wretched story you ran away ; aji'l you insulted me by going to Mr. Norton and making that infamous will. I; was infamous, Maude. Norton i-amc down to me the same day with it; mid from that day to this we have nothing but seek ^eu. Do yon tii! k I would tonch your money, :ude. I could-have married if I Yi:siicd vviihoufc yours; but, if tbe wl > » world were «iven to me, I would jii- "v no one else bur, you.' • Trn-y said so," was the only reply I wuld make; ( «nd they did not know I was there. Your sisters must have believed it themselves, or they would sot have said so.' ' J My sisters— . He stopped abruptly, I lT'l, ;„ and then ireat on-'.I wi^noi say they have spoken inirpiy, cui eray have wi:fuiiy tiistorteiJ fuif ucsdp mine. The only time I rauombfcr. having mi'ritioned the eul-jcr was one tntirninq wii«n the rem.irk was made that if you dit 1! unniarriei 1 . your muney uu!d, of course, return to the St. Neots fami-y. ' Of course it \70u!d,' I , reed, bus without the slightest ! t!lnn^llt oE 1 said, I am sorry " to admit :i;at my sisiers <;id not like you, but I never thought they would 60 distort simple words. I loved you so well. M:i.ude—however low your opinion of me—that, if yoa had died, 1 should not have eared to live. I have had but one thought I first saw you, and it has been to win your e love, a to d . ask , you to be my , wife. 1 f. honld W , s P okm fco lon % b, r ° re I > oat T°J f r fP e f b o£ .J our fath « r ' fl ™ um °r y Wa '^a y ? &r; \ Yo ? ! crliei to ^ but 1 \- d,d DOt d e^ V e SU - ch treatmcn, '. at ? our hands. Why did you make that horrible will so insulting to me T ' You seem to be much more angry | with me than fond of me,' I said. He came a little nearer to me then, and the hot flush died from his face. j ; ' Do you not see, Maude, how rruel you have been to me V : ' Oh, cousin, if you could but have I dreamed how I loved you all this time.' * Will you not own,' he continued, ' that you might have nvn less hasty, leBS cruel in your judgmeui l 1 ' ' I have all the faults of the St Neots,' I replied quickly; ' and you should be the last to be hard upon them—the very last.' 4 1 could never be hard upon you, my darling,' he said. ' Oh, Maude, I love you so well. Let us forget the miserable past* 1 did not answer him— I could not i ^ heart fe,t as if would buret. My : tongue refused to utter a syllable. I : t0 a!1 intents and P Qr P 0£ es dumb, > 1 looked imo his handBOme e yes, and t h ®» «»d love and kindness. 'Maude,' he again uttered, 'what have 1 V*. y ° a sh " uid ^ m ® k l ? ? aVB I nut k,Dli to y o " ? ** ave 1 B0 ' doti ® a " " my J^^to make yoa happy ? Tell me, Maude, do you love rue ? I again did not answer him, for my heart was too fall; but he read iny love in my eyes. He must have read it, for he threw his arms around me and drew me to his breast. ' Oh, Maude,' he mum>urrd. ' I am bewildered by my own fcnpp r^ss. I never thought I should wii. ; and without you life would h;iv<_- been a clank to me.' So little did he dream that I had seen willing to die for him. What a fatal want of perception. He locked so hamlForcc, so imp'oriug, so lovable, that I eould not restrain myself from telling him everything. * Yoo loved me, Maude, and were willing to die for my sake,' he cried in tstonisunient. * And now for my sake yoa are willing to live V * As long as it may please Heaven to spare me,' I replied. His hand fell with the oH rar^esing jouch on iny head, and my heart was filled with a rapture that was as new ife to me. Tne grief, the darkness, the pais had passed; the fait ligbt of love was shining on me now. The u-ms of my true love were round me again. Oh, wnata. happiness to have the one whom yon love with all yonr heart nei r you! I looked up at my lover quickly. ' Oh, Galahad.* I cried, ' whom do you think I have found V He smiled into my eyes. > .-. ' My darling," he said, .' I know—-I havfe heard It all; and a Sweeter, wtfimperfect; woman than year mother'^^Mf; I had told her. mine. I could never convey to yoa Low highly I think of yonr mother. Her eyes are full of truth, love, and kindness, and her face is heavenly. She hod a cruel past, but it is all over now. How on earth yonr father could treat such a noble woman so croelly is past understanding, No doubt sbe was too good for such a man as your father. Pardon me, my dear Maude, for speaking so disrespectful of your dead father, but when I saw your mother's face—saintly and beautiful—my very heart went out in sympathy for her. I asain repeat it was cruel of tbe late E;ir) to treat her se.* •Yes, her ronn? life was marred by my father,' I said. * But is it not marvellous that ail this should have come about as it ha3 ? If £ had not brought that roll of bank-notes with me, Galahad, I should never have found my mother.* ' Noc should V he added, * ever found you." And, standing wliliin sight of the weather-beaten cross, he took my hand in his and we tbaiiked Heaven for bringing as tog' thtr. Wheu my mother saw us, she came over to where we were standing, and, clasping our hanJs together, pmyed Heaven to make our lives happy. She then Lissed me, and spoke loving words to my hwer. We were married in the church which the good sister had discovered me. TBE EMX " Now," said 1 be imift-ssor in natural history> ** take the case of a hen. Why does it lay the egg ?" "Because it can't lay carpet," replied the bright boy of the claae " W#ll, little boy, what's your nan a!" " Shadrach Siebnchadnezz&r; Y00U. "* " Who gave you that name " I don't know, but if I finds out wb. a 1 eetp^ttt^llbe.orrjfori*." 