CAYENNE. ( Home, Colonial and Imported ) Two backblockers were the other day discussing the member for their district, one defending him, and the other disparaging his honesty. 4 Well,' said the former, 4 you mu3t admit he has great moral principle.' 4 Yes, so he tells everybody ; and so I suppose he must have — stored away; he never uses any.' Me was the star or a wandering company up Bourke way, and was billed for Romeo, but, as the ghost for several weeks had been conspicu ous by its inability to walk, his mind seemed to wander f rom the words of the piece to the little woman and the bairns at home waiting anxiously the next onward motion of the Thespian's best friend. But none the less the house at first ga*p»'d in expectation, and secondly roared with laughter when the star cried : But soft ! What light from yonder window breaks P It is the east, and Juliet haa a son J Instead of 4 is the sun ' Wife (at 12.20 a.m.) : What kept you so late, George ? I Husband (;-omewhat thickly) : | Been doin' (hie, little (hie) shoppin' $ — dearh ! Wife : Really ! and how much § per gallon did it c -st you, dear ? Said that at ' Banjo' Paterson's | reception by the Mayor of Adelaide, one City Councillor, looking at the ji returned war correspondent, remarked, si 4 And that's Plugger Bill, is it ?' j Incredible, but true. \ Detroy (to his friebd, as they walk j arm in arm under the shelter of a . S friendly umbrella) : Lovely rain this, j isn't it ? Bring the things ont of the | ground pretty quick, I imagine. | Widdowson (in alarm): Hope not, | old chap, hope not. I've got two t wives there, you know. -1 | A good story is told by a head I teacher in the Mackay district. $ Having occasion to write to the | Department, the teacher enclosed in * | the same envelope pupil teachers' / 1 certificates, loose. Department red | tape sent back the papers for the g head teacher to pin together. i:j A nocturnal Melbourne newspaper ' man, wending his way home at K a.m f one morning last week, sighted tw«». I urchins, neither of whom looked owe I 10 years of age, under an arc lamp, where they stood ankle deep in mud. Crossing over to ascertain what they were at at, he found each was study ing a ' hand' of cards, and on looking on a moment or two he realised that enchre was in progress. ' Why don't you go home to bed, youngsters ?' lie asked. ' Have you been playing here all night ?' Neither answered till the hand had been played out, when one said 'No fear; we was playin' inside till they chucked us out at 12. He was fourpence ahead then, and he's givin' me revenge ' Wonder if the clever scribes who have been telling Roberts how he ought to have done hie work and finished the little job in South Africa months ago, ever came across the following in Kingsley's 'Westward Ho !' : ' Battles (as soldiers know, and newspaper editors do not) are usually fought, not as they should be fought, but as they can be fought ; and while the literary man is laying down the law at his desk as to how many troops should be moved here, and what rivers should be crossed there, and where the cavalry should have been brought up, and when the flank should have been turned, the wretched man who has to do the work finds the matter settled for him by pestilence, want of shoes, empty stomachs, bad roads, heavy rains, hot suns, and a thousand other stern warriors who never show on paper.' At a recent dance there was a debutante*' set. It is all right for people who speak French to pro nounce the word, but it is a philo logical snare to many people who do not. Said one lady to a friend just as the white- frocked, nervous, young d&moels; took places, ' Oh, just come to the top of the room to see the ( foebMtifor V set.' Later in the even & man spoke to another in the same 'set of lancers. The latter said he could not remember the individual's name. His memory was refreshed by the reply, ' Don't know me ! Why yt1. my name is J ? . I buried your uncle.' The most absent-minded man in the southern hemisphere lives in Melbourne. A short time back his eldest daughter married, and she and her husband are living in the same house as the bride's father. The other evening, walking along the passage, the father collided with his son-in-law coming from his wife's room. The elderly man immediately fell upon him, clutching him by the throat. ' What are you doing in my daughter's room, you scoundrel V he yelled. He is a powerful man, and his grip on the other's throat was so energetic that it left no room for remonstrance, and the poor young man was liked to be choked in his boots had not his wife come lo his assistance and pulled her indignant parent oft' his victim. The absent minded one explained after, In deep contrition, that he had quite forgotten the pair were married. A 'varsity student was undergoing his 'little-go' examination, when he noticed a number of Dons prowling about, in the hope of catching some one cheating. So he hastily scribbled a few words upon a sheet of paper, hid it away under his blotter, and ostentatiously referred to it from time to time, with a great parade of look ing furtively round to see that no body was looking. The trap was not long taking effect. Argus thunder ingly inquired what he had got there. ' Oh, nothing — at least, only a piece of paper,' stammered the ingenuous youth, provokingly. But the ex aminer was inexorable. He insisted on looking under the blotter, and was rewarded by reading, in a large round hand, the words, 'You may be very clever, but you can't eat coke !' The following from the front is ' not too bad,' and has the merit of being authentic. Shockingly wounded colonial is brought from the firing line to the base field hospital during the battle of Colenso. Charge Nurse to Stretcher Bearer : ' Is he a man or an officer ? ' Stretcher Bearer : ' Well, mum, e ain't got no hinside. We've kerned 'im seven miles, and let Mm drop twice, and never squeaked, so it '-? ain't a bloomin' man, I'm sugared if I ever see one ! The poet sut in his easy chair, In a library rich and grand, With etchings, and busts, aud cases or rurc Old books on every hand. He sipped bis wine, and lie smoked ins pipe, As in luxury he wrote ; But the poem he polished in languid ease No living man can quote. Another poet in an attic high Bent over a table bare ; And he thought, as lie worked, with a tired sigh, Of the man in the easy-chair. He was hungry and faint, for life with him Was mostly unbroken fast.; But the poem lie wrote, to earn a meal, Will live while the world shall last ! He was a simple-looking young man not long from the country : and lie sat upon a seat in Hyde Park last Saturday afternoon, looking ex ceedingly uncomfortable. He held a well-grown baby awkwardly in his arms, and was doing his best to keep it quiet. Presently two of his City friends, Simms and Parker, came along, and burst into fits of laughter 011 seeing the amateur nurse. ' Hello ! ' said Parker, ' where did you pick that thing up ? ' ' Oh, a — a young woman asked me to hold it for her while she fetched some biscuits.' The knowing ones roared again. ' Why, you— you noodle, you soft, head!' cried Simms. 'Don't you know that's an old dodge ? You'll never see her again.' 'Oh yes, I'm sure I shall,' pro tested the verdant one. ' Bet you a new hat you don't,' said Simms. 'And I'll bet another,' Parker chimed in. ' Very well, I must take you both ; I believe In that young woman, some how.' The pair were bubbling oyer with merriment at his absurd predicament, when a nice-looking young lady came running up, and joyously clasped the infant in her arms. 'Was it as good as gold, then, with its own daddy ? ' she cooed. There was a smile of tranquil satisfaction on the young man's face as he remarked : ' You've lost ; I knew she would come,' Last summer in New York there was an awful row amongst the ' 400,' because one of their number, 011 a terribly hot day, had dared to enter the dining-room of a Fifth Avenue hotel saw a vest, and had been turned out of the room by the manager. What the end of the affair was. the writer knoweth not, but in this dank and humid weather, when the Syd ney iter smokes aiul steams and audibly sizzles, aud even tne godly have to supervise their speech with care, the question is a natural one : May man eschew his vest ? For the affirmative it is pointed out that the j women go abroad in muslin shi — blouses ; but for the negative, that men's wlible shirt-fronts are offensive to the uncertain, coy, and hard-to- i ' please sex. And — there you are boys, at the parting of the ways, make your choice — and on your own heads be it. If we might venture to intimate a view, we should say that the man who, decorously surcingled and fitly beshirted, dares not lay off 1 is watch-pocket-with-arm-holes for increase of comfort is what the late Mr. Gladstone might have briefly called a top-of-the-handicap egotist, enjoying his own attention, and tor mented with a sense of his own iden tity. But suppose wo refer the ques tion to the old lady who runs the infants' page in the S T.I The hour of the tryst was long past. ' He comes not!' she faltered, ring ing her hands. ' He will never come,' crieJ the distracted girl ; 'but happily I know a neat song and dance, which will perhaps enable me to earn a living. Let her go, professor.' The audience thundered applause, appreciating at once the exquisite art with which the specialty had been interpolated into the melodrama. At Portsmouth a few weeks back a burly tar was called upon to give e vidence at a court-martial. Presiding Officer : ' Were you on the bridge at the time the ship ran ashore ?' Jack : ' Yns/sor, I wor.' P. 0. : ' What did the officer of the watch say ?' Jack : ' Wal, sor, seein' as 'ow what he said warn't reg'lation like I dunno as 'ow I orter say.' ' P. 0. (flaring up): « Now, sir, on your oath inform this Court im mediately all you heard the officer of the watch say at the time the ship struck the bottom.' p Jack : 'All I 'eard him remark, or, was, Watto, she bumps V And BriH.!8 Sir' Stafl 0t 5341*21??' *' ~S,AE'S'. politics of their country with the Zetrr,trla'ds'P''«-^ Amenca. Yet tins is a true storv 0f 1 tT um X'0t0ria' Speakers were for°the 's™ k p time- A -'-'didate tor the Speakership, wanting a few more votes to secure his election would drop a note to a doubtful 'i member asking him to gall on him | Photo, Mrs. D. Wood. A PRETTY DRIVE, NEAR URENUI, N.Z. Ulvck, //., , W„y ton ,(? Co., I.td. Seated in the office over a glasa of wliisky and a boom-time cigar the the following conversation would take place between the candidate for the Speakership and the member : ' Oh, by the way ; there is an estate called ' Pocket-it' in your district.' ' Yes.' ' Been through it lately ?' ' No, not lately. ' ' What sort of land is it ?' ' Oh, fairly good.' ' Ah, indeed. Well, look here, old chap, next time you're up that way just hire a buggy, have a quiet drive round it, and give me a valuation. I don't know that I'll buy, but here is a cheque for £50 — your fee for rough valuation you know.' Then just as the member was leaving, the candidate for Speaker ship would suddenly remember the fact, ' Ah, you know I'm putting up for Speaker, old chap. I suppose I can depend on you for a vote — eh — ah — yes — ha, ha, ha. Good-bye, old chap. Don't forget that valuation.' — ? Outpost. 'John, dear,' said Mrs. Pertikler to her husband, ' I wish you'd cure yourself of that dreadful habit of swearing.' 1 Oh, all right. I don't mean any thing.' ' Yes, but think of the darling children. Willie can say damn al ready, and only yesterday I had to whip him for it.' ' Well, look here, Jane, I must say something, so instead of swear words, I'll say color words. See ?' Mrs. Pertikler saw quite plainly the next day when she heard little Willie say to his nurse : 'You pink cat, you! I'll yellow well tell my blue ma about your green red goings-on. Who was that magenta soldier you were talking to ? You yellow well give me a cerise penny, or pink me if I don't yellow well split on you, you sage green, maroon hussy, you.' Referring to an article of a few weeks back in whii'h we quoted an incident connected with the estublih ment of one of the early newspapers, G.C.J, writes : — ' The Hill End Times may have been the first news paper published at Hill End, though certainly not in ihe locality, for in the years '61 and '62 a piper w-s published at Tatnbaroora — whii'h is practically the same field — by ayounir Irishman. The paper was small. and was called the Tambaroora ? . I remember the editor eomin. to Sofala and my having a l-nig, chat with him ending up by proffering to supply him with a few items of Sofala news weekly. At that time a few of us young fellows were running a small MSS. sheet, which we called The Illustrated Sofala Times , said illustrations being outline sketches of leading men on the river, done in Indian ink and red crayon. The Times ran for six mouths and created much amusement ; but when we ran foul of the Commissioner, the late Harold MacLean. we had to close with a snap or stand the con sequences The first goldfields newspaper was the Miner, run by a party ?»!' cl-ver und u:enial spirits of vvh m th-j ate Ge.n ge Lang was one — at Lam ling Fla-. I have some sort of recollection, too of 'young' ('harlie Cowper running a paper at Kiandra, during the big rush there in '60, but though on the field, I never saw it, and as the Scotchman says, 'I hae me doots.' The next goldfields newspaper was published at Forbes by Dr. Farram.' 1 Big John of Western Australia appears to have undergone a sudden j politica1 regeneration, and his latest announcement, assuming it to be : sincere, has come as a sweet surprise to the workers of the West. Pay- j ment of members has seemed to them hitherto an impossible dream, and they have been compelled to support and return men whose primary qualification was the pos session of a purse. Suddenly, in obedience to a motion passed by the Assembly, a Bill is promised io provide not only for payment of I future Parliaments, but also to apply j to present members. ' If the thing ! is inevitable, let it come at once j that we may share ifc.s benefits,' ia the reasonable cry of the Assembly ; i — -Adelaide Herald, f URAIN SHIKS AT LYTTLKTON, N.Z. Block, Ifnrrinytnnro., Uil. Photo, Holland, Auckland, X.Z. UNLOADING. Block, Harrington -& Oo-i Ltd* - \ 