NARROUINE. FEOM OUB OWN CORRESPONDENT. May 17 AFTER tbe hurry and bustle of last week's Dubbo Carnival we have again settled down to the oil order of things, but are looking forward to the events that are to take place in our own little township in the near future. First a grand picnic on the 2ith of May, which will give amusement to many. The first tenuis match of the season will be played on the sauia day, when our local champions will try conclusions with a team from Peak Hill on the local to ground. Ou the following week we are have an open pigeon m&teh; (all comers) of £20 ; good birds have beau secured, and Mr. 'It. G. Dulhunty has been -appointed handicapper and referee. Next we have the Half-Holiday sports, consisting of bicycle, novelty and foot racing and such like. AU the stores in town have kindly consented to close. Last, the Narromiae Jockey Ciub races on tke 4 th July, for which the hon. sec. (Mr. G. Bell) is doing good work-if it was not for his exertions, indeed, I don't think they would have eventuated. We had three or four very heavy frosts during the past week, but on Wednesday morning rain set in and nice showers were registered during the day and night, with every appearance of a heavy fall. This will, I think, bear our the remarks of a farmer of many years' standing in the district who lately said " Thank the;Lord, tbe seven years' drought is over, and we may now get a run of a few decent seasons." There is no doubt it is a long time since tbe farmers had a season starting so well as the present one has done. Notwithstanding the prolonged ab sence of our worthy Mayor (Alderman Walker) his colleagues are doiug pretty good work in regard to street matters. Numerous carts can be seen every day j drawing gravel and spreading it in the various slush-pools that just now adorn our beautiful thoroughfares. Owing to tbe rain the concert in aid of tbe Church of England fund to be held on Wednesday night had to be post poned till Monday night. It rained all night on Wednesday, and about 120 points were registered. SALE or CROWN LANDS.-Mr. H. B. Copeland, Crown Lands agent at Dubbo conducted a sale of Crown Lauds in tbe Peak Hill district on Wednesday last. Allotment 1 rood at M'Phail was purchased by trustees Wesleyan Church, £o ; and 60 acres, parish Mingclo, and four miles from i Peak Hill, by Jim Fong, ot £2 19s per acre, the price being the upset in each case. ESTERTAINMEUT AT WHITEWOOD. On Wednesday evening, notwithstanding the rain, a goodly gathering assembled at Whitewood to enjoy a lime-light enter tainment given by the Re r. Win. Stewart. Mr. T, W. White and his family took great pains in transforming a shed into a hall, and it ansvered the purpose very well. The pictures were good, and were illustrative of " Ten nights in a bar room," "Marley's Ghost," "The Life Boat," and a humorous sketch, "The Barred Window." Singing was inter spersed with the explanations; Miss Cross, Mrs. A. F. Brown, Mr. Stewart, each contributing sclcetiojs which were well received, in some of them the audi ence taking up the chorus. Miss . E. Hesydon recited the ballad of " The Life Boat" by Sims. This is long, and repnires much exercise of memory--Miss Lfeaydon rendered it most effectively and was warmly applauded. Miss M. Cross also gave a recitation of a humorous char acter, which was heartily recognised. Mr. Thomas White presided at the piano during the evening. The singing of God Save the Queen brought proceedings to a close. ' 