no. ir. Number Three fought hefr way inch by inch, and was met. by a little knot of army sristars. In civilization their uniform is hide-cms, but otit here one bops the tiae of th6 square-ciat. verml 011 ilpij *aj>e.h KveiyttiiJigetge ik dust* seolonred,' «o a jnan floeanaot ask where 4J»I#ter mnr be. jSbsf36ft|» to the eye jteroM^OiiWisiuti ,... -"and where are <mr wounded?" baked Number Thre^» . • •, 'IHiU jpomlng in from - Paardeberg, They're Being <Ires*ed. You'll get them later. Where are your apare 'aogtora?" We had come up with six enr^gojia taken .from the big W5mberg:ahd llon deahoach hospitals, where for months they had lived on a promise of work at the front,; They were not B.A.M. 0. men, but house surgeons fresh from the home hospitals, young," enthusias tic, and happy, though their baggage had been cut down to the thirty-Ave pound scale, and they had .not the ghost of a notion'where they were go ing. They were uncarted like stags on Modder platform, gazed awhile, ™et a man in authority, and were swiftly commandeered. Two or three doctors lay dead or wounded across the plains, and it was a hot press for the medical service. ' Half a mile across the plain, behind the graves of the Highland Brigade, lay the hospital tents, and thither loaded inule and ox wagons were heading. Like Number Three, they had been at the work a weary while. There came no surprise or bewilder ment—hardly even any pity—to the on looker, as the big Bed Crosses lurched and pitched. This, said the wagons, is the custom with the wounded. Stricken men are gathered as soon as possible by the bearer companies, whose casualty-list is alieavy one. They are dressed for the first time swiftly and efficiently. They are then put luto the tilted wagons till they reach the hospital that sends them to the mil. The rail takes the badly wound ed to Cape Town, and the sea that leads to Netley. This was the system, said the wa gons; and here was the system all naked to the glaring day. Three nights bad the wagons been on the road— rained . upon, thundered upon, and lightened upon—jolted, and jerked, and jarred; but the long and the short o£ it was that of the eight hundred wounded the wagons had lost but one. Would the hospital take delivery, please, said the wagons, and they drew aside to rest; for their cattle wero very, very tired. As for Number Three? No, it would not be wise to visit Magersfonteln. The train might be filled and sent away at any moment. There was an offi cial ring about this, and I was not the least surprised that we waited eleven hours—time to have gone to Magers tontein and back on all fours. But I am glad I stayed by Number Three. It is early days to make that field of blood a showphtce, and—one can collect shells on other beaches when peace comes again. The station -was the centre of local society. The staff, Including a German J'rince, lived acros the road in a bat tered caravanseri, with scopes of ponies tied to the verandah. The plat form was banked with Jted Cross cases, badly needed at Kimberley, and with maifbags, badly needed by the men, who came up, fingered them-curi ously, and slunk away. Business first mails later. The telegraph office was a small edition of De Aar—hideously overworked. A knot of sappers came up from the river, whore they had been tamping ballast under a new siding. Other sappers with "B.P.R." on their hats 1 allowed. These last, were the details of the Railway Pioneers, skilled me chanicians, and the like, of Johannes burg; and nnder the grime and the khaki one met a host of a certain weird dinner given in the Gold Reef City two year sago. One gets used to privates with yisiting-cards, and it is perfectly natural to discuss bacterio logy, West African exploration, and the ethics of publishing, the intricacies of the Bankruptcy Act, and the pros poets of the Labour Party In South Australia with spurred troopers. So it was not disconcerting to m'eet men of the Chitrnl siege, once priso ners In the hands of Omrah Khan, old schoolmates, Indian Staff Corps men doing duty as "tail-twisters" in the Iran sport, lost acquaintances of ten years ago, side by side with the fellow passenger of three weeks ago, unrecog nisable to- day under sunburn, hair, and dust. It was only an undress rehearsal for the Day of Judgment. A detail of Army Service men en route to Kim berley spread themselves at ease on their baggage, and chaffed a quarter master-sergeant who had lost his sword: but by the regulations was miserably tied to the empty scabbard till be could return the thing to store. A knot of excited Life Guards demand ed news of French's division. "Out since Sunday -week and no . news. We belong to 'em. We were sick. We want to rejoin. Do you know where he Is?" A colonial suggested that cavalry divisions always suspended operations for a corporal of horse and two dozen troopers. A gunner-driver in a cart pored over a three-days-old Cape fiflTTfr, for ther? is ho pews at the Mod der. A mflh with ^ ^rqpvji |ac| cam6 out of nowhere and tela h fit of?. m Wife ban died ai hoifie of Influenza; was dead ppd buried. His people . could look afte;- the children, thank Cod; but it hurt— ft hurt cfuelly. He spoke and vanished. Half a mile up the line a private of Highlanders was cooking potatoes and .semolina together. He was in luck. Had helped "swipe"- a Boer wagon overturned by our shell fire: and pick ed up the semolina from the dust. A knot of officers had made themselves a rude messhouse in a roofless hut. with a blanket for shade. One of them wished to see a sister of Number Three—to tell her that So-and-so was dead. A little gathering moved across the dust to look for the graves of the Highland Brigade. Even now tlm dameboflrds are split and blistered,ami A.'50 the. date carries «8 hack a. thousand ye&tv.-; ' : -■ And no >lt vetnt mi hour after honr, this procession of'faces, thin tangle df half-eaaght tales. Towards evening the remnants, as It were, of a battalion | moVed from -tide hospital tent in brpfcen squads, one than supporting an other. They were oar flight" cases— | tnen . denied the merciful cushioning shock of a severe . also outmarched their provisions. They would go down to Nanuw Poort by the Ktmberley train, but first they must be called over. They reached the platform halt ingly; their uniforms were dark ened in places by patches as of carelessly spilt varnish, and sometimes their tronser-hems were gummy with the same stuff. They Bat down by companies in the dust, half a score of regiments mired. Their offi cers got them fruit and cigarettes; the more sound filled their companions' water-bottles. They chaffed greatly in undertones, but they did not say one single word which by any construction could be considered even coarse. They did not complain, they, did not growl, they did not curse. They were going to Naanw Poort to get well. In a few days they Would return. They had outmarched and outmanouvred their enemy—on a couple of blcsuitg a day, for they had also outmarched their- provisions. Their companions were now attending to that enemy, and they were content, j On their departure Number Three waked to life. The wagons were com ing from the hospitals. The doors of i the cars flew back; orderlies went to their stretchers; the sideboards were ripped out of the bunks; the cook pat the last flavouring to the big stoekpot; the sisters stood to attention, each in her ward—a doctor and a sister the re sponsible for half a train a piece—arid the blessed morphine needles were made ready. They want rest from pain, our wounded. Food and clean sheets will often bring it, but on occa sion we must help nature. The worn, chipped, and scratched clattered Into the arm-racks, the thin dusty k'its followed, and after them the loaded stretchers. "Fractured thigh," said tin orderly. "Which—left or right?' said the sis ter. "Right," said the man, and he was slipped on to his back, accordingly, in jured leg outside, where it could be,1 got at easiest. i "Special," said the orderly. Here was a clean stomach-wound. He could eat milk and slops in a bunk marked to that effect, and the gentlemanly Mauser would suffer him to live. Down ! the car he went, thinking nobly of his : soul, and in no way approving of milk diet. Entered one amputation below the right eibow—very cheery. Full diet for this amputation, but. no full diet for yonder lung-shot, who cannot lie down without pain. Were there any sick? There were no sick, and the doctors thanked . heaven. They would sooner bring down three trains of wounded than one of sick. Dysentery that milks the heart out of a man and shames him before bis kind; rheumatism, which is the seven devils of toothache, in the marrow of your bones; typhoid of the loaded breath and the silly eye. incontinent and consuming; pneumonia that, stabs in the back and drives the poor soul, suffocating and bewildered, through all the hells of delirium—we are clear ot' these for this journey. The clean asep tic bullet-kiss and the shell splinter are all our care. Quietly and quickly—but above all quietly—come the stretchers. Frac tured shoulder; elbow joint; lung again from right to left, but nothing vital' touched; shattered forearm (owner says explosive bullet); two head cases hut both will live. Eye, head, and neck; upper arm; thigh again; two or three clean shot through the thigh (owners very hungry); shoulder smash ed and top of finger shot off (owner very much annoyed over this lit tie extra; forearm again, and "please, sir, the bandages are pinchin' me horrid." It isn't the bandage, but the doctor does not say so. He exhibits the qjer cifnl squirt, and the bandages miracu- : lously loosen themselves. Now come the officers. One colonel, ) bearded like the heavy swell of the ! sixties; another colonel (the Highland ers must have been catching it cruel- J ly); a major; a. bearded captain (on j investigation this turns out to be a j lieutenant, aged twenty-three, when ho I is shaved); and a sprinkling of subal terns and doctors. In each man's bed j is a bag, holding shirt, pyjamas, towel, brush, sponge, soap, and toothbrush. They call it the Good Hope bag. but it was evidently invented by a thought ful she-angel. Man after man shakes off or is help ed out of the creased, dnsty. greasy, blood-stained khaki, and nestles into the luxury of clean body-clothes be tween clean sheets. They have rest; now they must have food—thick soup for choice, if they will only stay awake to drink it, and milk and brandy for the stomach and lung people. 