THE CONINGHAM DIVORCE SUIT. THE PETITIONER'S SPEECH. THE JUDGE SUMMING UP. [By Telegraph.] SYDNEY, December 18. Thc Coningham divorce case is now within mcasurenblc distance ot thc end. Mr. Want finished his address to the jury at about half-past eleven o'clock, and tho petitioner followed. In thc course of Iiis address th» petitioner pointed out how he had had to fight the case alone against the ablest counsel in the world, and! surrounded by others who had myrmidons to do their bidding, licferring lo his wifo lie said :-" I met her in 1890 and courted her for three years, and I found no blemish whatever. She wanted to tell me her past, but I did not want to know it. 1 found her conscientious and true. She continued so till fate threw her into' the clutches of one of religious training, who worked hi» web around her till he took her affection: from mc and robbed her of her highest honour of her children of their good natue, and mc of her love and affection, and left mc what I ara now. She fell and went to her father confessor, Father Fouhy. Tlc absolved her front that sin. What did they not call Father Fouhy Î Because if he had entered thc box. and told what the girl had confessed to him what would thc world have thought ? They dared not put him there. I as her husband laic-w of the child for thc first time as I sat at thc Court table. I had not wanted to know. Perhaps I had suspected some- thing, but I was satisfied with her as I found her.-' With regard to damages, bc did not want to touch one penny. Whatever the jury might give him lie did not want thc filthy stuff. It was his children he was fighting for. In concluding he remarked that there was a passage in Horace to the effect that punishment, though shhv, was afoot, and it seldom failed to overtake the guilty. This ease should prove the accuracy; of that assertion. Mr. Justice Simpson commenced his sum- ming up at a quarter to three o'clock. He pointed out that though it might seem strange it was quite open to the jury to finn against the respondent on thc issue ot adultery, but still not against thc co-re spondc-nt. Never since he had been sitting in the Divorce Court had he presided over a ease in which a respondent, the alleged guilty woman, had been called as a wit- ness and admitted her adultery in order to try to prove the adultery against the co- respondent. If in this case the jury cbn scientiously believed thc respondent to be a witness of the truth they should find a verdict in favour of the petitioner even if 6be stood alone. The absolutely unsup- ported evidence of one witness, if accepted as true, must cany more weight than that of twenty or thirty on the other side whose testimony seemed open to doubt. Thc jury . did not require to bc absolutely certain of thc guilt of thc respondent with the co-respondent, because that would be impossible without ocular proof. The law merely required I hat jurors, exercis- ing thc faculties God lind given them, should feel satisfied of the guilt of the ac- cused as reasonable men. In this case he ! th.iuglil it would be impossible for them to find against the respondent without also finding against thc co-respondent. It would be just ns serious for thc co-respon- dent if they found against Mrs. Coning- ham, bul not against him. Thc question had boen raised ns to absolution. There was no doubt if what the petitioner said was true, if there was such a doctrine in the Church of Borne, it was most dreadful. Could they believe that in any church there could bc u doctrine by Which a man could commit r.dultery on Monday, confess and receive ubs-olulion on Fridny, and then go into the witness box and swear he never committed adultery nt all because he been absolved : And yet thal was what the petitioner said was thc doctrine of tho Church of lióme. Dr. Citaran said there was no such doctrine. The jury would remember that Father Crcogan brought hi» own little Bible lo be Hworn on, while Car- dinal Moran, Dr. O'Haran, nnd Father Byrne hissed the Protestant Bible. Still Dr. O'Hiiraii said that the latter was oath binding on the conscience, i.ltlimigh a Catholic Bible would be preferred. Father Crccgan was asked whether after absolu- tion it was considered there had been no sin. Thc witness said no, but that was hardly consistent with Dr. O'Hnrnn's state- ment. The co-respondent said if a man got fibsolution from the Church of Homo and thc sin was forgiven it was wiped out. "Though your sins bo ns scarlet they shall be white as snow." But between tho ITO churches of England mid Borne thero was in the estimation of some people a dif- ference on thc question of absolution by tho priest. If they read the passages in the Ki'glish Prayer Book for thc visitation of the sick, they would see that if tho i sick man were moved to make a confession 1 thc priest war. to say, " I absolve thee from ' all thy sins in thc name of thc Father, tho Son, and thc Holy Ghost." Having quoted from tho evidence concerning the doctrina I uf thc Chrrcli of Hollie as io forfîvcsr.*E of ' «¡us, His Honour asked if liiere wis any- thing wron!; with (hut Y Was it lint the Jcetline of Christianity Ï if ll« sin wore forgiven it was Molted out. ll would W a dreadful thing if liod forgave a sin .and it was not so. His Honour had not ooncludn) hit MIHI ming u]i al thc riving of the l'ouït. The case was adjourned till to-morrow, thc jury being allowed to go lu Unir homes, ns they have been al] through thc hcar '».V?- _ 