SCIENCE AND RELIGION. -*>_ยก SERMON BY THE REV. S. PEARCE CAREY. At the Baptist Church last evening the Rev. S. Pearce Carey preached the union sermon in connection with the annual session of the Baptist Union. Preaching on the text, He that followeth Me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life (John, v,12), the preacher spoke of the achievement of Lord Bacon of laying in unshakable foundations the doctrine of the new method by which the kingdom of nature is ever to be won, and traced the beneficent results which have followed the adoption of that doctrine. "If there is nothing else," he continued,- "at least such a line of thought as this should help us to realise the essential religiousness of the modern scientific movement, If I have rightly discerned this modern scientific movement, it is just a record of God's blessing oil obedience, God's favour granted to the meek and lowly. The conquests of science are the triumphs of obedience. You know as well as through how many centuries men have fashioned also enter turned their a priori theories of the Bible, of what a book that is called Gods word should be, and the laws that should govern it; that every line of such a book would be regarded as the direct dictation of the Holy Ghost; that every utterance there recorded of any man of (j oil should be held to be invaluable; that every historical statement should be inherent; that every reference to nature should be strictly scientific; that every book of the Bible should be of equally binding authority; that every sentiment in the Psalms should be held not unfit for Christian lips; that every word of mi Apostle should be trusted as utterly as though it were from Jesus Christ himself that you may find in the book of Leviticus in the minutest details the whole doctrine and philosophy of the Atonement figured forth, and in such a poem as the Song of Solomon the whole doctrine of the Saviour and His church, v Those are the theories that have been ruling and govern- ing the conceptions that we have brought to the study and interpretation of this book; but in this last century, and notably in this last half-century, by many irresistible voices, the whole church of God has been called to God to reconsider these ima- gination, to examine and explore . the actual facts, and to honestly and fearlessly examine what the nature of this Bible really is, what claims it does make for it self, what claims it does not make what are the human limitations of its Divine authority, and wherein lies its infallibility. We have been called away from what has been well-grounded theory to a thorough patient facing of facts, and I am well convinced that this more inductive scientific method of approach of every biblical problem has come out of the signal good pro- vidence of God. We are sure to modify many of our traditional judgments about the book, just as we have modified many of our conceptions as to the material uni- verse." _________________ 