Comic Cuttings There ere probaJbly as good flsh in the sea as ever were lied about. 'Your wife is always so out-spoken.*! ' Yea, outspoken, but . never out-talked.' Morning wraps were the invention ot j the man -who wakes V3 hotel guests fot the early train. ' You told me you and Harry loved at sight.' ' Yes, bat we quarrelled on acquaintance'' At a -tPW-*» meeting in Ireland it was recently voted, ' that all persons In the tnw» owning dogs shall be muzzled.' ' Does position affect sleep ?' asked a medical writer. It does when the man holds the position of night watchman. ' Do you know much about that horse you bought from the Deacon ?' 'I know more about the Deacon than I did.' Some one has written a poem on 'The Tongue of Liberty.' The tongue of liberty generally belongs to a married woman. 'You say that horse isn't afraid of any thing. Can my wife drive him?' 'I don't know, sir. I have never seen your wife.' ' Visitor : ' But this portrait of Mr. Bulger is a good deal more than life size.' Artist : ' I know it. That is the size he thinks he is.' 'JOidn't I lend you £6 a month or so ago ?' ' Yes, I believe you did. I'm ever so much obliged for your kindness. I feel I can nervrer repay you.' Lady Friend (to young widow) : ' You're gardening, I see, Lucy.' Young Widew (with a weary smile) : ' Yes. I wish I could, so to say, transplant my weeds !' ?Watts : There seems to be some ?truth in the 6aying that heaven helps those who help themselves.' Potts : ' Of course there is. They are the only kind worth helping.' First Beggar; 'Hello! Pickln' up anything on your rounds these days?' j Second Beggar; 'Ain't nothin' doin' at all. I had to draw five pounds out of - the bank to- day.. ter pull me t'rough.' Patient : ' That sign of yours is not very encouraging.' Dentist : ' Why so T I guarantee to extract teeth with out pain.' Patient : ' Yes ; tout I want the pain extracted. I'd rather keep the tooth.' ' Whyfor eez it zat a woman's face eez . used on zee sliver dollar in zls country ?' Inquired a visiting foreigner. ' Be cause,' growled the impecunious native, ' it is the idiom of our language that money talks.' Aunt (to Tommy, who has been to the j menagerie) : ' Well, Tommy, did you sea the tiger ?' Tommy (whimpering) : ' Yes, b-to-bu ? ' Aunt : ' But what— what are you crying about ?' Tommy : ' Tbey wouldn't let me stroke his ears.** Miss Northside (to her brother) : 'DO you know, Fred, that no fewer than four men want to marry, me ?' Fred : 'All right, sis, may the best man win !' MIsb Northside : ' You don't know much about such things. A bride does not marry the best man.' Canrobert was inspecting the new gaiters worn by the light infantry. See ing one that was badly fastened, he took the wearer to task. 'Look here, I'll send you my nurse to button it on for you.' 'Quite unnecessary. Genera! : I see her every day.' And Canroberl burst out laughing. ' Mabel, why don't your mamma weaj diamond earrings like my mamma's?' ' She left 'em home, and papa's hid 'em where the robbers can't get 'em.' 'Where has he hid 'em?' ' Why, I heard him tell mamma that he had put them up the spout, and he'*guessed they would stay there.' Winks; 'What makes you look so glum?' Jinks; 'I have six daughters, none of them married, or likely to be.' Winks: 'And you glum over It? You are the im-ost ungrateful mortal that ever breathed. I have six daughters, all mar ried, all have children, and I've got to support the -whole crowid.' A.: 'Did 'it ever recur to you what a charming conversationalist P ? Is ?' B.: 'Well, I don't know: not parti cularly. Why?' A.: 'Oh, he is, decidedly. He hasn't the ghost of a memory, you know, and you can tell your stories to him over and over again, and he enjoys them every time as much as at the first telling.' A youngster one day eluded punish ment by creeping Tinder a table, where his mother could not reach him. Short ly after, his father came in, and, when told of the state of affairs, crawled on his hands and knees in search of his son and heir, when, to his astonishment, he was greeted with this Inquiry:— 'Hullo, father! Is she after you. too?' -An American gentleman was talking of a little game of poker, iown In Texas ] somewhere, in which he had taken part. ?'The man on my right,' he said, 'held four kings and an ace. . The maun on my left held four aces and a king.' ' And what did you* hold ?'.' some one asked. ' Well, I was acting coroner at the time. I guess I held the InqueBt' 