Our Boys at the front. Further Interesting Letters. Anxious for a Fight. Soldiers Ashore. 41 He Fell in the Soup.' The Journey to the Front. ' GUARDIAN ' SPECIAL. Cape mails continue to bring let ters to the friends and relatives of our boys fighting at the front. The last batch were all dated during the ' last few days of December, and con- ! tain much interesting matter. A j good many of the troopers say, ' Send us tho ' Guardian.' ' AVe are doing so, and hope the ' Pink-winged Messenger ' will find its way to the disturbed frontier. Any of the Mudgee folk who want to send a line to one of the first batch who went from hers should address 1st Australian Horse, New South Wales Contingent, Cape Town, South Africa. . aud a penny stamp will carry a half ounce letter. Alf Dargin wlio went with the first detachment of the Army Medical Corps sends an interesting letter to his brother Arthur, who kindly gives us per mission to print it. It is written from Cape Town dated the 28th December, and the yarn is so well spun that we print it in full. '? We arrived here safe aud sound after 35 days trip. When we were at Albany, tho non. corns, were allowed ashore, but the privates weren't, so we all paraded and asked for leave but were refused. The officers had a job to get the men to work for a time, but they soon forgot it. It was on account of the way the 'Victorians carried on that blocked us. Their officers had to let them ashore, and they made things hum. They nearly all got screwed and some of them Were Run In. Some of our non corns, had to be pulled aboard with a rope. We had- some great horses. Nearly all the police horses are fine upstanding apimals, but the poor devils were very badly looked after coming over. Each one was supposed to be covered with a blanket and an oil sheet at night, 'and when it | rained the blanket got wet before \ the oil sheet was put on. The I weather was a ' fair cow ' all the way from Melbourne. Head winds and sea, and the spray used - to splash all over the horse boxes as | far as the midships, and some of the nags would get washed down, and all their food and fresh water spoiled with the briny. However, | we lost only five out of 182. | about 50 were sick with pneumonia, and the men caught it from the horses, and out of 84 men only 34 were fit for duty. Everywhere you'd go you'd see men lying about cronk. I was sick all the way to Albany, but I never got put of 1 work like some of the others. Every night 15 men were put on to look after the horses. I was put on the first night but the side of the ship saw more of me thap the horses. On the trip across we happened to ee a few whales. Some of them Iwere big coves too. We could see them six miles off, and when they spurt up it is just like An Artesian Bore. We had fine weather all the way from Albaay to tho Cape. The ' most curious thing of the trip happened when we were a day. out from Port Elizabeth. The water all of a sudden changed from a deep blue to a very light dirty green, and then great thumping waves struck the ship on the port side and sent the water all over the deck. It was dead funny. Our gaily was on the port side, and the chaps from each mess were all up getting thoir tucker, when the first wave came up and turned a couple over on the deck. One of them was just on the top of the stairs going below, when he and the soup lie was carrying were thrown over. One of the officers was going round the vessels to see that all was right, and didn't notice the soup on the stairs, but he saw it on the floor, and then wanted to know if anyone had been sick. The chaps told him what had happened, and he started laughing, and turning round went head over heals himself and had to Advertise the Cook's Soup all over the ship. AVe only stayed at Port Eliza beth for three hours to get our orders. No one was allowed ashore except tho officers, so I know nothing about that place. The Cape is a very nice place, but the population— well, that's enough. There's every race , under the sun represented here, and Mostly Black at That The whites are very kind ; in fact, the nicest people I've met. Every day there is someone down at camp with calves, fruit, or something like that. To- day I scored three tins of milk and a feed of biscuits, and, by heavens, we want them too. Our allowance is -fib meat, 1 Jib of bread, and about a quart of coffee daijy — about enough for two meals, but we do fairly well; We have been here a fortnight now and have no idea when we will move to the .front. All . the other troops have gone long ago, but we seem to be sour grapes. Some seem to think we are waiting for The Favorite British Regiment to come as our corps is better equipped than the British ambu lances. We were on parade the other day and simply paralysed the English They say they never saw even the field artil'ery in England go anything like as fast as our wag gons, let alone the ambulances. We had a bit of rough ground to go over and by ghost I had to hang on to the waggon, I can tell you, my job is to sit in on of the waggons and put the brake on, and when in action to be responsible for any wounded in my waggon. Two letters are to hand from Trooper Alf Daly since we briefly noticed the last. They are dated from Grey town, in j Natal, on the 3rd and 10th Dec. Jack Marks was with him, and they both report ' all well.' They were too late to join the Imperial Light Horse, so they threw in their lot with the Colonial Scouts. At the time of writing they were camped within 35 miles of the Boers, and expected to go to the front on tho following day.. The 1 two Mudgee boys were in A Com pany No. 1 Troop, which is under command of Captain Watson. In the Colonial Scouts the men elect their own officers, the regiment being 500 strong, and under the command of Colonel Walker. Trooper Daly says lie prefers that system to being under English officers, many of whom know little about drill, and Still Less About Fighting the 'Boers. Grey town is about 50 miles from Pietermaritzburg, the capital of Natal. ? The scouters had to fiiid their own horses and equipments, which are insured by the ' Government of Natal, and the pay is on the res pectable basis of 6s a day and all found. Trooper Daly says that the whole of Natal is under the thumb of thtf British officers, who only allow news to be circulated as they see fit, and the people get most of their war nowsfrom Eoglish papers. This is causing great dissatisfaction. The letter then goes on to refer to the wonderful way in which muni tions of war and troops are shipped from'England and sent forward to the front. He does not seb that the war can last long, and if the British had taken the advice of the colonials the Boers, would never have been able to. cross into British territory. AVitli the letter comes a splendid lot of photographs taken by the Mudgee boys. They are most interesting, and vividly con vey to one's mind the conditions of the country. 