DISTRICT NEWS. [From our Correspondents.] GRETA. Aftor a protracted sitting, the Commission of Inquiry into the cause aud effects of the fire in the colliery, -concluded its 1 miasion, after taking voliiminous evidence from every available sonrce at hand, adjourned sine die. The manager, Mr. Jeffries, gave his evidence in a lucid manner, displaying a thorough knowledge of the pit workings, and as proved by numerous witnesses, spared no effort to reach the scene of theoutbreak. Mr.' A. A. Atkinson, Chief Inspector of Mines, whom I interviewed after the adjournment, said his evidence, which I quote, contained the matter in a nutshell. ' I arrived at tho colliery a little after nine o'clock in the morning after tho outbreak of the fire. After consultation it was decided to make another attempt to get beyond the scene of tho fire, and so rescue the men, if alive, or recover their bodies. We tried cutting off the current of air from the fira, by taking it through the old north side workings, behind the fire, to a point below it on the main slant dip. But beforo we could get near tliiB point wo were metwithsmoko and heated air, dud wero driven back. Wo then tried other measures, but with no better success. It was then decided that nothing short of sealing the mine would extinguish the tiro.' — To Mr. Curloy : ' It- would have beon possible to utilise the pipes on the slant dip to get water down to the fire, but only after considerable delay. A hoso might have been attached, but it could not have boon applied success fully, as thore wore indications that the roof was working— in fact, several small falls of roof had taken plibce. Strong timbor would have had to have been set before, anyone would have been allowed to go near the fire with the hose had it been available. — To hiB Honor: Iron pyrites (which were present ip the upper portion of the Beam), known as brassy tops, were really bi-sulphido of iron, chemically known as Fe.S.2. It was possible for an increase in the temperature to take place where brassy tops were lying, oven with no moisture present, and a sul phurous smell would bo givon oiV, aa also would bo t, ? A,,*- . {.. (-W. lnf.l-.nr sue case wuru n guu mu w inav' case it would be occompanied' with an odour from the carbon' monoxide evolved; I had formed the opinion with regard to tho cause, that it was acci dental firing of combustible matter in the vicinity of No. 2 flat, near tho junction with the main slant, dip. I would not like -to say that it had been wil fully fired.' . All loft by the 2 p.m. up tram and Greta will be dull for sometime, as largo batches of miners liavo left daily in search of work. For the families and relations of those who ' will never more return to tho town,' an active canvas is in hand, and tho Rev Walter Tollis has promised to uae his influence to assist, bo tnat any who will kindly hand over to him their donations, however small, will bo thankfully acknowledged. Mr. Charles Read is already in possossion of some con tributions, as agont for tho Mercury ; the Editor, Mr. C. Eii-por, having kindly forwarded the amount received by him, to the local fund. The Mayor and others will distribute the amount to the sufferors, pro rata to their needs, and Mrs. Ryhitt has promised me toget as many contributions aB sho can, giving a fair sum herself. Rumour re starting Anvil Croak and Leoconsfield are to tho fore, and as the goneral impression is that Greta pit will never work' again until a new Bhaft is Bunk, it is to h° hoped that truth is thoir foundation. \ Fever seems to be again on thoJincreuso. Lodgo will, his brother informs 1110, be able to leave the hospital on Saturday, his recovery being rapid. If Sir William J. Lyno mado such a miserable Stato Premier, it standa to reason, that lie will malce, if possible, a worso Prime Minister to the Common wealth, and be led by the nose by stronger-minded mon than himself. Several Greta cricketers belong to tho Lochinvar Seniors, and a good matoh coinos off on the^ Lochin var wicket on Saturday against tho 1st Albiona. The brewer's representative informs mo that in spito of the present depression, thoy intend' erecting a two story hotel on tho site whero Philips' now standB, fooling coufidont that with tho quantity of coal, known to remain unworkod in all directions, bettor days are on tho horizon for- Grota. May thoir forecast bo verified ! A happy Now Yoar to all, as a merry Christmas, undor the existing circumstances, Would bo a sonsoloss wish j so brighter days, in tho near future may bo 'substituted^ The Lochinvar seniors go to Singleton on Boxing Day, whero they anticipate a victory. An onion grown on Mrs. Winder's property went 2ilbs. , , . Trow, tho local vbt, nearly parted, with his oye siglit, through some ammonia bursting a bottle ho was handling, in oourso of businoss. Snakes ovidontly have few frionda and are stiffened with gun or waddy on the apot.' A' heavy thunderstorm camo up from the west ward at 4 p.m.; and sovoral hoavy showers fell doinc' an immense amount of good to grapes and stone fruit ntid if. la nnvf.ain fo i*»n.llBn a fall in tho high .tomporature, lately experienced. 'l'ani imcu for all.' A total of 50 points foil with tho light showers during tho night and this morning a cloudy aky will holp grass to assump its -natural colour. _ Tho Huntor is Bonding fruit and wine to Narrabri, Woe Waa, and elsowlioro as Christmas gifts. Poor sinnors, they roquire thom as it ia ono of tho worst spots in a dry . season, .. bar Richmond, on tho Flinders, in Queensland and charming Monindio and Wilcannia, on tho Darling, I know of. CrulckBhanks is a God send to thom. May thoy appreciate his kindness. A liappy Christmas and bright Now Year, to tho Maitland Mercury's staff from editor to dovil. Tho longest day will have passed ere this reaches the Mar envy' 8 readers, and bringing rain has dono ita duty. ? 1 Doc. 21. - Mansour, the horse that ran third in tho Grand'. Prix of Paris in 1894, and came in only a length and a half behind Matchbox, who was sold for .£15,000, is 1 now pulling a public cab in tho streets of tho French capital. ' ! 1 ! ' On Tuesday last a dental expert visited St. Albans and treated Kinglike, Aurous, Bobadil and Wakeful. ? Kingliko was in a bad state, and Bobadil, who has been doing stud duty,' was in serious need of dental treatment, his mouth requiring the extraction of sovoral teeeh. ' Tlio Mana liorsd Gunbar recently sent to India from hero is now trained by Fred Gerard, who somo years back was so fine a horseman that he was dubbed ' the Anchor Of tho land of rico and rajahs.' Gerard, by the way, iB an old Maitlander, but it is a long time sinco I saw him. Ono of the Wg1b1i ponies, a stallion, recently im ported by Mr. H. C. White, is ' to go to Mr. J. C. White, of Edinglasslo, aud Mr. E. R. White, of Merton, is to receive a vory good looking and high casta Arab stallion. The Wolsh pony is a brown, under 14) hands, a fine daBhing mover, and has trotted 14 miles in 43 minute's. Tricolour, who figures at the hood of tho handicaps : for tho .forthcoming raco meeting '.at Stroud, is identical with the gelding by Trident who - won tho Sydnoy Cup in 1807 with (ist 121b' in tho saddlo, „ when ho defeated Kallatinoi and Loch Leigh. Since then the horse has done very little, and it was roportod that ho was sold in Sydnoy recently for a ' fiver.' Still Mr. Mitchell did ' not caro to take liberties with him. Wtll nmnA no n Hiii'nrifln fn ITIfMlV nnOnlo fft Innrit that at a meeting of tlie committee of N ewcnafclo Tatter sail's Club held last evening' Mr. W. H. Mackay, his horso Privateer, and tho jockey GoorgoChampion wore each disqualified for six months, for an unsatisfactory diaplay in one of the events at the recent race moot ing of the club. Mr. Mackay intends to appeal to tho Australian Jocicoy Club, so that further com- ? mont on tho affair would be out of place. At a meeting of the Canterbury Park stewards on Wodnosday, 'tho Rejoice case was're-oponed in obodience to a request said to havo boon mado by W. Miller, the Rosehill trainer, who figured' in tho racobook as tho owner of Rejoice at tho timo sho was disqualified, together with the jookoy L. Want. When the peniuty was imposed on that maro, tho stewards loft it an open question as to whioh Millor — S. or W. — was to share in tho disqualification, and a* W. Miller failod to appear yesterday,' disqualifi cation was ordered to bo enforced againat him, the stewards' maintaining that no othor courso was open to thom. In regard to tho uso of drugs and stimulants used internally as well as' externally by means of a hypodormic syringe, tho statements mado cause Americans to laugh, and to, make slighting rouiarks about the montal faoulties of, mon who, in this en lightened ago, bolievo in ghosts and fairioa. One gullible correspondent calmly assures tho readors of a loading nowBpaper that itho preparation^ usod by Americans to accolorato tho apood of thoir horsos sijiolla liko dead mico. As tho only rodonts soon by Americans in this country havo boon extremely .lively, this critic must certainly havo 'snielled a rat.' Tho pungent odour oxhalod from horsos trained by Americans may bo oasily accounted l'er, as nearly every American trainor uses lotions or liniment, and many of. thom shampoo their horsos aftor a hard trial or a raco. When thoso animals run iu racos dud aro led back to tho paddock, tho faot that thoy aro perspiring and hoatod causes tho odour of the preparation usod to bo plainly porcopt-' 'iblo at a diatanco of several yards j lionco, a man who appears to be accustbmod to strange and pecu liar odoiu's has another guoss, and should bo givon an opportunity to writo.anotlior lottor,' Tho doath is recorded by the Now York papors of' tlio famous stallion Spendthrift, whioh took placo recently near Lexington at tho stud of ,Mr. O. Chonault. Spendthrift,' by imported Australian out of Anchorite', by Loxington, was foaled in 1876, and aa a two-year-old ho never met with defeat. In his second season ho was purchased by Mr. J. R,. Koono, whnnn nnlniii'H ho mado famous by nuhiorous buo 008808 in importdut stakes in the Eastern States. Spendthrift was shippotl to England by Mr. Koono; and as a four-year-old I10 ran unplaood in Luoetta's Cambridgeshire. To ..distinguish him from Spend thrift, tho'proporty of Lord Calthorpo, howas known as Amoricau Spendthrift ovor horo, but lio waa amiss most of the timo, and boodniO a bad roarer, taking part only 111 the raco mentioned, for which lie was! ridden by Fred. Arcliori and startod at tho oxtromo odds of 100 to 1. Ho novor rogaiuod his form after his roturii to America, but at tho stud lio proved a great success, siring suolt eolobrltios as' Kingston (whoso son King's Courier rooontly won tlio ' Don castor Cup; while Ballyhoo Boy, anothor aou, so ourod tho 'Futurity'), LampHghtor, Bankrupt, and Pickpocket. Thoso four of his eons alone won be twdon thom something liko'' -CHO, 000 In stakes— nob bad for tho progeny of a ' bad roaror.' - Horo is something for brooding theorists to puzzle ovor s. Spendthrift 'afflicted in Ills wind, and his sop, Kings ten, ' vory Bpoo'dy, but not muoh of a stnyor. Yot, in splto of those ' horoditary' (P) disabilities, King's Courier- dofoats Morry Gal and La Roohe,' our two hamplon fillies, 'in' the Doncdstor Cup, a two-milos rdco, 