CREW SAVED BY A GHOST. Many strange incidents occur at sea, but none moro bo thanthat whioh bofoll Captain Bennor, of the brig Mohawk, a small vessel engaged in the West Indies trade. After leaving St. Thomas, her last port of call, on one voyago the brig was steering a north-westorly course, homeward bound, beating up under short canvas against high winds and heavy seas following in the wake of a hurricane which had traversed the tropics fivo or six days bofore. Her captain, who had beon somo hours on deck, went below at midnight aftcr directing the first officer, who was on watch, to keep the course then steered, and to call him in case of any change fortho worso in the weather. He lay down upon a sofa in the main cabin, but as tho brig's bell struck twice, becamo conscious of tho figure of a man, wearing a green sou'wester, standing besido him in the dim light of tho cabin lamp. Then he heard the words — 'Change your course to the sou'west, captain.' Captain Benner got up and went on deck, whore he found that the weather had moderated and that the brig was carry ing more sail and making better headway. He asked the mate on duty why he had sent down to call him, to which that officer re- plied that he had not done so. The captain, fancying that he had been dreaming, went back to the cabin, but he was disturbed soon again by a second visit from the man in tho green sou'wester, who re- peated his previous order and vanished up the companionway. The captain, now thoroughly aroused, jumped up and pur- sued the retreating figure, but saw no one until he met the mate on watch, who insisted that he had not sent any messenger below. Mystified and perplexed, Captain Ben- ner returned to the cabin only to see his singular visitor re- appear, to hear him repeat the order to change the course to sou'-wcat, with the added warning — ' If you do not it will soon be too late!' and to see him disappear as before. Going on deck he gave the necessary orders for the ehango in tho ship's courso to south west. The officers of the brig were not only surprised, but also indignant, and finally de- termined to seize their captain and put him in irons, when, soon after daybreak, the look- out forward reported some object dead ahead. As the vessel kept on it was made out to be a ship's boat. As it ranged abeam it was seen to contain four men lying under its thwarts, one of whom wore a green sou'wester. The Mohawk was promptly hove to, a boat lowered, and the castaways taken in. The castaways proved to be the captain and three men, the only survivors of the crew of a vessel which had gone down in the hurri- cane, and they had been drifting helplessly without food for five or six days. The green sou'wester was the property of the rescued captain. A few days later when he had re- covered sufficiently to be able to Ieave his berth, he was sitting one day in the main cabin of the brig with Captain Benner. He suddenly asked his host whether he believed in dreams. ' Since I have been here,' he continued, ' I have been thinking how familiar this cabin looks. I think that I have been here before. In the night before you picked me up I dreamed that I came to you here in this cabin and told you to change your course to sou'west. The first time you took no notice of me, and I came the second time in vain ; but the third time you changed your course, and I woke to find your ship alongside of us.' Then Captain Bennor, who had noticed the resemblance of the speaker to his mystorious visitor, told his own story of that night. ? 