IllGflTIMLAlfiEL JS. ft. X. -S. HALES, in the ff\ . 'Daily News,' gives the r ^ ' following . descriptidn of a ' » BJfer fighting laager: Pos sibly it may interest Eng lishmen,' and -women, too, for that matter, fto know what a fighting laager is like, and as I have seen' : half-a-dozen of them from . ^ the enemies' side of the wall, refill a rough pen-and-ink sketch k«OT may not be amiss. In war j^s*-. time the Boer never under $p }& any circumstances makes $/L*r~ Tiic loao-pi- in ths rmpn --oiin- fcy if there are any kopjes about.- No matter how .eecure he may fancy himself from attack, no mat ter if thare is not a foe -within fifty miles of him, the Boer commander always pitches his laager in a place of safety between two parallel lines- of bills, eo that no attack can ba made upon him, either front or rear, without giving him an im mense advantage over the attacking force, even if the enemy is ten times as strong in numbers. By (this means the Boers make their laagers almost impregnable. If they have a choice of ground, they pick a narrow ravine, or gully, with a line of hills front and rear, covered with small rocky boulders and bushes. They drive their waggons along the ravine; and make a sort of rude breast work across the gully with .the' waggons. In be tween these waggons the women are placed for safety,! for it is a noticeable fact that very large numbers of women have followed their huebandsi and fathers to the war, not to .act as viragoes, not to play the wanton, not to unsex themselves, not to handle tfee rifle, but to nurse the wounded, to comfort the dying, and to lay out the deaS. I have heard them singing round the camp fires in the starlight, but it was hymns that they sang, not ribald aongs. I have sqen them kneeling by the side of men in the moonlight, hut not in wan tonness, hut in mercy, and many a man who wears the British uniform to-day can bear me wit ness that I speak the truth. THE BOER AND HIS HORSE. The Boer never, if he can help it, allows him self to be separated from his horse; and these iihardy little animals, mostly about fifteen hands nigh, and\ery lightly framed, are picketed close tn the sDnt where the rider deposits his rifle and blankets. If they allow them to graze on the hill sides during the day, they run a rope through the halter near the horse's muzzle and tie it close .above the knee-joint of the near fore-leg. By iltbis means the horse can graze in comfort, but cannot move away at any pace beyond a slow ?walk, and so are easily caught and saddled if re quired in a hurry. - The oxen and sheep to be usad for slaughtering purposes are driven up close to the camp, a waggon or two is drawn across the ravine above and below them, and they then cannot stampede if frightened by anything, Unless, they climb the rocky heights on either side of them, which they have small chance of doing, as the Kaffir herdsmen sleep on the hills above (them. Having pitched his laager, the commander sends out his scouts; some amble off on horseback at a pace they call a 'triffle' — a gait which all the Boers educate their nags to adopt. It is not ex actly an ample, but a cousin to it, marvellously easy to the rider, whilst it enables the nag to get over a wonderful lot of ground without knocking up. It also allows the horse to pick his way amongst rocky ground, and so save his legs, fwhere an English, Indian, or Australian horse Twould be apt to cripple himself in very short order. As soon as the mounted scouts set off on their journey, holding the rains carelessly in the left hand, their handy little Mauser rifles in their .right, swaying carelessly in the saddle after the ?fashion of all bush-riders the world over, the foot ecouts take up their positions amongst the rocks and shrubs on the hills in front and rear of the laager. 'Each scout has his rifle 4n his hand, his pipe in his teeth, his bandolier full of cartridges' over his shoulder, and his scanty blanket under iiis left arm. No fear of him sleeping at his post. He is fighting for honor, not for pay; for home, not for glory; and he knows that on his acuteness the lives of all may depend. He knows that his comrades and the women trust Mm, and he values =the trust as dearly as British soldier ever did. No ?matter how tired he may be, no matter how fam ished, the Boer sentinel is never: faithless to his orders. AN EVENING MEAL — ABOUT COFFEE. When the scouts are out the laager is fixed for ?the night — not a very exhaustive proceeding, as }the Boers do not go in for luxuries of any kind. SHere a tarpaulin is stretched over a kind of tem Sporary ridge pole, blankets are tossed down on the /ihard earth, saddles are used for pillows, and the f couch is complete. A little way farther down the line a rude canvas screen is thrown over the wheels of a waggon, and a family, or rather hus band and wife, make themselves at home under ?the waggon; whilst the singlie men simply throw .^themselves at full length cm the ground, wrap their. one thin, small blanket round them, and smoke and jest merrily enough, whilst the Kaffirs light the fires and make the coffee. There is ^scarcely any timber in this part of Africa, and She fuel used is the dried manure of cattle pressed Snto slabs about fifteen inc'hes long, eight inches fwide, and three inches thick. The emoke from sthe fires is very dense, anc7 soon fills the air with ?a pungent odor, which is not unpleasant in the open, but would be simply' intolerable in a build *ing. The coffee is soon made, and the simple .meal begins; it consists- of 'rusks,' a kind of 'bread baked until it becomes crisp and hard, and aplenty of steaming hot coffe'?. I never saw any '^people so fond of this beverage as the Boers are. TThe Australian bushman anc1/ digger lovea tea, and -?can almost exist upon it; but these Boers cling to jcdffee. They live when out in laager like Spar ftans, they dress anyhow, elieep anyhow, and eat joust rusks and precious littlie else. Talk about **;'Tommy' and his hard tyimes, why a private teoldier at the front sleeps /better, dresses better, frand eats better than a Bcfer general; yet never lonce did I hear a Boer complain of hardships. ; After tea the Boers sit about and clean their rifles; the women move from one little group to another, chatting cheerfully, but I saw nothing in their conduct, or in the conduct of any man Stewards one of them that would cause the most ichaste matron in Great Britain to blush or droop Sher eyes. There is in the la ager an utter absence of what we term soldierly cdscipline; men moved aabout, went and came in a 'free and easy fashion, Just as I have seen them dio a thousand times in JdiggefB* camps. There was no saluting of offi cerst no stiffness, no- starch anywhere. The Gene sal lounges about with hanjds in pocket and pipe Sin mouth, no one pays him any special deference. He talks to the men, the striplings, and the ;women, and they talk bacjk to him in a manner fwhich seems strange to :t Britisher familiar to the ways of military .camps. After the chatting, the pridikant, or parson, if there is one in the laager, raises his hands, find all listen with reve rent faces whilst the man of God utters a few Swords in a solemn, earnest tone; then all kneel, fand a prayer floats up towards the skies, and a !few moments later the whole camp is wrapped is asleep, nothing is heard but the neighing of hor ses, the lowing of cattle, the bleating of sheep, and the occasional harking of a dog. There is ;no clatter of arms, no ringing of bugles, no deep ened challenge of sentries, no foot-fall of chang ing pickets. : NO LITERATURE, NO SANITATION. ! JAt regular intervals men rise silently from the blanks of the sleepers, pick up their rifles noise lessly and silently like ghosts slip out into the .deep shadows of the kopjes, and other men ^equally silent glide in from posts they have been ?.guarding, and stretch themselves out to snatch .?slumber whilst they may. At- dawn the men toss Sheir blankets aside, and spring up ready dressed, (and move amongst their horses; the Kaffirs attend *to the morning meal, the everlasting rusks and coffee are served up, horses are saddled, cattle ?'lare yoked to waggons, and; in the twinkling of an [ «ye the camp is broken up, and the irregular army ' Ss on the march again, with scouts guarding every . .pass in front, ecouts watching (themselves unseen) *m every height. They travel fast because they ^travel light; they use very little water because «they find it impossible to move it from place to iplaee. Many critics charge them with habits of ijiersonai uncieanunese. re is true xnai in ineir «£laagers one does not see as much soap and -water paused as in our camps, 1nit 'this is possibly due to jhwant of opportunity, as much as to want ol incli nation. In sanitary matters they are neglectful, [il did not see a single - latrine in any of their paagers, nor do I think they are in the habit of ranaking them, and to this cause and to no other X ^ attribute the large ainonnt' of fever in their ranks. They do not seem to understand the first prin ; ciples of the laws of sanitation, and had this sear I son' been a wet, instead of a -peculiarly dry, one, Li Venture to assert thaf'typhoid .fever wouia have [-wrought far more havoc amongst them -than our ' rifles. » '? I saw no literature In laager except Bibles. I ;. witnessed no. sports of any- kind, and the only sport I heard them talk about was horse-racing. I : eaw no gambling, heard no blasphemy, noticed no i quarrelling ;or bickering, and can ooly say from I my slight acquaintance with life in ? Boer laager , in war time that It may he rough.it may be irk ' some, it may not be sx-. fastidiously clean as a feather-bed soldier might like it; but I have been ? in many tougher, rougher places, and never heard 1 anyone cry about it. - 