LOCAL AND GENERAL MEMS. ^ew moon on Thursday, 26th inst. j The annual meeting of the Milton School s-f Arts will be held on Thursday evening aaext. The proclamation establishing the Com monwealth of Australia will be issued on jT&llllArir; 1st The I. S. N. Company's new Eteame-r Aden is expected to reach here by the end ®f this month. United service to-uiorrow afternoon, in «onnection' with the Indian Famine Fund Movement. *he fio'bajl match, Nowra v. Milton, in aid of the Indian Famine Relief Fund, lias been. postponed till next Saturday. ffhe farewell social to Captain Woodford . and Lieut. Allen, of the Salvation Army, lua been postponed till Saturday, 28th instant. Kxports pers.a. Bega, July 16th, 1900 : —15 cans cream, 60 boxes butter, 8 kegs tmtter, S pigs, 16 cases eggs, 4 cases poultry, 35 boxes samples, 1 fcase furniture, 4 cases fish, 8 packages sunt' riea. From tlie ' Kalgoorlie Miuer' we learn that at the last half-yearly meeting of' the St. Mary's Literary and Social Society Mr. T. J. Beyle, late of Conjola, was elected president. The Milton federal capital site committee av3 endeavoring to arrange a conference with representatives from Nowra and Berry to decide upon some dePnite course of action in advancing the claims of the Sassafras plateau. Captain Millard, M.P., has been fortu nate enough to secure a sum of £75 com pensation for a minei named David Logan, who some time ago sustained severe injuries through falling over a cutting at Nelligen, where operations were carried on by Government officials. One ot the most progressive places along the South Coast jnst now is Wollongong. J The town and district are reviving from the long spell of depression, work is plenti ful now and will be still better in the near future, business is brightening, aud the prospects are very encouraging Tbe Chinese Boxers and troops have gone in for a wholesale massacreing of foreigners. Over twenty thousand are said to have perished in this way. Some of the Europeans, finding butchery inevitable, shot their women folk dead rather than that they should fall into the hands of the bloodthirsty Mongolians. A well known South Coast resident, the o**ner of a good farm, informed us the other day that he found there was nothing in dairying 'on his own,' and he therefore gave up the industry, letting the property. The results, he considered, are more satis factory than if he worked the farm himself. That doesn't look well for tenant farming. At a meeting of dairy farmers, at Albion fark on Saturday afternoon last, Mr. Meares publicly charged the Farmers' Co operative Company with haviug imported butter from Victoria while claiming thai it was keeping up prices. He also stated that a representative of the same company had threatened the Byron Bay Dairy Com pany with an opposition factory because the latter decided to transfer the shipment of its butter to other establishments. Mr Meares, on the Coastal Farmers' Co ? *? _. C- ...1 ? .J] ? ? _ ? ? . operative ouciery, wurn auur«ssiai; a meet/ ing of dairymeu at Albion Park ' The new co-operative society started on the 1st of March, with no capital and no business, but after three months' existence they were no'/ considerably ahead of working ex penses, and the immediate prospects were j brighter than he had expected. Up to \ date they had gathered £3060 together in '| j share capital.' Visitors from this district to Illawarra wili find it worth while to take a look over the great smelting works at Dapto. Aa ' order to inspect the . works can be obtaiued from the head office on application, and a tour round the various departments is as instructive as it is entertaining, giving the visitor, as it dees, a good idea of the impor tance and extent of the establishment, the existence of which has caused a township of souie magnitude to spring up at Dapto and has revolutionised the mining industry throughout this and the other colonies. Private David Goodsell, in a letter to his relatives at Woodburn (the Faulks' family), from between Winburg and Ventersburg, in the Transvaal, says: — There is no mistake the Boer Artillery is good and well-manned. I think they fire with more accuracy than the British, and seem to put shells nearly, wherever they want them, but their rifle fire is very poor. I think they are frightened to let us get near enough for a good shot, for they always start firing before we get any nearer than about a mile, and of course the, bullets come all round us and somehow or other nobody gets hit. W. J. Booth, No. 214 B Squad, 1st Regiment of Australian Bushmen, writing to Mr Herb Moon, of Ulladulla, from Buluwayo, gives some particulars of his experience*. While on the march up to Buluwayo, he found prices of rations rttlin^ as follows Sugar, Is 6d ; rice, 6d and 9d^. coffee, 3s tid ^ cocoa, Jib tin, 3s; curry, »$ 6d. per lb; jam, 2s; condensed milk,. Is 6(1 tin. Of the prospects of Rhodesia, he writes : — 'There will be plenty of wcfrk over here after the war is over. It .vill t-e impossible for a man not to get work. Carpenters will get 25s to 30s a day ; any sort of wort is good, at good wasjea.' China has officially declared war against Russia. Great excitement preva'ls in Russia and in the Transbaikal region of Central Asia. The concert and dance, arranged for last night, in aid of the Judian Famine Relief Fund, had to be postponed on account ot the inclemeni weather. The affair has been fixed for Monday night. At a meeting at Albion Park r.u Satur day last, it was resolved, with only one dissentient, that the Farmers' Co-operative Company should be supported by sending ! co it the central factory's output, for dis posal. Great Caesar's Ghost ! poor wasted frame, That once full vigour did possess, j Can't be a man iu else but name, His cough has brought him such distress. The undertaker smiles to think i Next winter's cold he'll not endure, Oh ! ne'er say die, but take a drink Of W. E. Woods' Great Peppermint Cure, j — — — ? ? — | Riflemen who intend competing at the National Rifle Association, meeting in the Spring wil be interested to know that the usual handicap will be allowed com petitors using the ivIartini-Henry rifle. An extract from Regulation 6 : ' Sights. In all matches except No. 17 (Schools) active members of the Defence Forces of the col ony whose corps is armed therewith, muse use the '303 rifle or carbine. Other com petitors may use that class of weapon or the Martini Henry, and those using the latter will be allowed the following handi cap to their scores : 500 yards, 1 point ; 600 and 700 yards 2 points ; 800 yards, 3 points ; 900 yards, 4 points.' It will be remembered that some three or four months ago Mr. Blackburn, Mr. F. W. Cork, and Messis. Sheaffeand Ree were proceeded against for breaches of the Early Closing Act. They interpreted the Act one way, while the authorities put a differ ent construction as to the meaning of a certain section and their powers there under. The gentlemeu named were fined for the alleged bieaches of the Act, but a subsequent decision (of the Full Court) clearly showing that they had been illeg ally proceeded against and punished, they 1 wrote t-o the authorities askjeg to have the! nnes ana costs refunded. A letter has been received by the gentlemen named, in reply, remitting theui the amounts of the fines and Court costs. Simple justice, however, should have induced the authori ties to repay those gentlemen their out of pocket legal expenses in defending actions they never should have been called on to ^ fight. 