OUB S0VEP.E1GX LAD?. As one who sees a face sore missed of late - In Memory's mirror shining soft and clear. Nor cares that others deem it wise or great. Remembering ooly that It U most dear: Bo we count leit our Qoeen's Imperial part, . - An Emprdis ruling an historic throne \- But'dwell upon Her Under Woman's heart That maker the Nation's joys nod cares Her own. In tbe long record of a glorious reign This thing Her Pcoplo surely hold the chief, That she his sorrowM in their boar of pain. And borne with' them the burden of their griL . ' Fov. when the stillness of the startled air Ts broken by the sullen roar of gun, Her Mother's eyes are dim with anxious tore. Her soul is heavy for Her absent sons. The riek who tow npon their fever'd bed, ' The wounded journeying home across the Tbe Bleb and Poor who ween their tollant D>r?d— Each find s p'a« in Her tlttp sympathy. . And though th? beauty r>t th (.unset hour , la marred ty strife ami cUuiQyr fierce arid - Yet still more brightly shines in gracious power Of gentio acts Her Royal Womanhood. To-day, as in heroic days of old, Men's love and lojalty are set ttflamo, Courage revives, and Hope ouco moro grows bold At the strong inspiration.of a Name : And country lads with hot and passionate breath Cheer as they cheered upon somo village . green, . -:- And rush tumultnons up the steeps of Death, Shooting with dyiog Hps — God Save the Queen I —Christian Barke in " Pall Mall Magazino." THE HILLS OF HOPE. "What saw you, child, on tbo bills of hope (Where none may go that be over- wiso) That a shining joy fades lingcringly . Out of tbe deeps of your eyes?" " The hills of hope are roses and snow And the glad air of Its own self sings And the doll world bid la the mists below Is a gray, forgottto dream' of things. AndO, but rov heart was light and gay . When I walked, on the hills of hops to-day." " What saw yoa, child, on tbe rainbow hills (Where none may. go.tbat be ow-wiso) ' That you lay your oold little band in mine, With tbe shadowuf fear in your 4yes ?" " On tbe farther side of the ralobow hills Is a forests! dcad trees black and bare And a river cold osbe river of death And the ghosts of dead joys wander there. And O, but my heart was terrified To-day at that cold, dark river-side." . "Now be not afraid, 'little ohild, for see The dream is gone, and the . warm sunshine Is bright on tbe paths of every- day, And your band is clasped In mlne " — Charlotte Lowry Marsh In "East and West. ! 