ON THE TRACK. STEEDS IN TRAINING AT FLEMINGTON. Thursday. a neavy thunderstorm and rain early this morning made the tracks a trifle dead, still several good gallops were executed. Severity was the first to open proceedings by covering a mile on the tan in lmin. 69sec. Horace and Vocalist ran a sand mile in lmin. 49%sec. At the end of which the latter seemed to be going quite as well as his companion. Maltster and Clean Sweep, after cantering a mile on the tan, hit out for another circuit, which they traversed in lmin. 50sec. The Moonee Valley Cup winner, who had the inside berth, which is an appreciable advantage, was quite as good as his more highly-thought of stable mate at the finish. Scobie must now re gret not keeping the son of Benzine In the Derby. Philibeg was lmin. Eisec over a tan mile. ICenley'ran 7 furlongs In lmin. 3Gsee. Haulette got over 5 furlongs in slow time, but Dandy, Argo and Acetine traversed a mile in lmin. 49%soc., finishing in the order written. Scientist went the first half of the journey and then pulled off. Altitude defeated Floradora over 4 furlongs in 54%see., and Miltiades ran a'like distance in. 64sec. Nymagee, Rockleigh and Beauha were to gether at the end of 4 furlongs, covered in 53 sec. What's That and The Maine hopped over 4 furlongs in 53%see., and Fadladeen did useful work over a mile and a quarter. Butternut took lmin. 23',iscc. over C furlongs, and Gun lock and Llppen rattled over 5 furlongs in lmin. S%sec. Barbarossa and Tarquln encompassed a sand mile in lmin. 60sec. Neither attempted to beat the watch, but I thought the colt went very nicely. He will keep the cracks moving in the Derby. Dozan ran 4 furlongs in 52%sec., whilst Black Watch and Gadenas traversed 5 fur longs in lmin. 7%sec. Grasspan was well in front of Hautain at the end of half-a-miie left, behind in 52sec. Acumen and Cintra had a go over 8 furlongs, which the, latter carved out in lmin. SGyjsec. Going on the latter completed a useful .11 fur longs gallop. Blue Metal went over a mile in lmin. 50% sec., and The Chief, on the tan, covered a similar dis tance in linln. 53sec. La Carabine gave Tbe Bride a "doing" over 11 furlongs on tbe sand in 2min. 32%sec. Ibex traversed half a mile in Slsec., and Tbe Union Jack got to tbe end of 8 furlongs in lmin. 49sec. Fleet Admiral never gave Pearl Skipper a ghost of a chance in a mile and a half gellop ou the tan, negotiated in 2min. 5S%sec. Old Fleet is going really well just now. Lord Rudolph and. Ornament took lmin. 22% sec. over 6 furlongs. . .. Arthur and Dalmeny had a school over hurdles, as. did Accumulator and Havelqck. Borromeo ran a mile and a half in 2mln. 50 sec. Cbillagoe went the first part of the jour ney, but having all the worst of tbe weights he was early in trouble. Landscape brought the Cup candidate home the last 6 furlongs, and, of course, defeated him. AT CAULFIELD. Thursday. It was rather a quiet morning on "the heath," none of. the Cup horses beiug asked severe "questions. Though light showers fell at intervals during the morning, the going was good, but not quite so fast as it was on Tuesday, JMora (Parker) was. all-out over.-a.mileinl mln. 49%. sec. Canadian leadihg. her over ithe last five furlongs in 1 min. 8% sec. : " s -V. My Queen, solus, beat her stable companion time for the mile by three quarters of a second. Assisted by Chesilton the last part, Table Talk got over a mile and a quarter in 2 min. 19% sec., tbe last mile in 1 min. 51% sec. Alva (Cooper) reversed the usual order- of things by finishing three or four lengths in front of Verne at the end of a mile, run In 1 min. 48 sec., the first half of which they carved out in 52 sec. With Watchmaker for an escort at first, and Malva the last five furlongs. The Idler (Wil liamson) went nine furlongs, tbe last mile in 1 min. 50 sec. - : Cremorne and Bobs strode over a mile in 1 min. 56 sec. Cyanide was not required to make time over nine furlongs; but Ingiiston (N. Leek) ran tbe last mile of a similar journey In 1 min. 49% sec. Landlady and Port Ellen were 1 min. 7% see. over five furlongs ; while Portree and Sweet Sound were a shade faster. Keyless ran the last five of six furlongs in 1 min. 6% sec.; and Gienroy went a furlong fur ther smartly. Eugene went about a mile, the- last six fur longs in 1 min. 22% sec. Cornquist (S. Thomas) gave Ben Bolt- (light boy) a Very bad beating over a mile and a halt In 2 min. 45% sec — a very fair gallop. Ben Bolt's time was 2 min. 48% sec. They went pretty smartly over the first part of the jour ney, running the first three furlongs in 40 sec., and five furlongs in I min. 1 sec. Lancaster, ridden by Burn (who will probably have the mount in tbe Cup) was accompanied by Sagacity (Berkley) in a tour over nine fur longs, nicely done in 2 mln. 1 sec. A strong mile was booked to Stellene; and Spindrift went smartly over a short distance, as did Patba. Fotheringay, Moonbeam, Padlock filly, Mor- car, and Butler, bad a spin over balf a mile, the South Australian getting home first in 52 sec. 