Wesleyan Methodist Church. TWENTIETH CENTURY FUND. OFFICIAL ADDRESS BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE CONGRESS The President of the Weslevar: Methodist Congress (the Rev. G. r.. Rowe) has issued an official address to the members, adherents, and friends of the Weslevan Methodist Church in West Australia, the text of which is as follows : Dear Brethren,-It has been deemed advisable by the executive committee of the Twentieth Century Fund, that I should place rcertain information be fore you respecting the Twentieth Cen tury movement, in which we all hope to take such part as will be consistent with our past obligations, and our pre sent resources. I cheerfully comply with the request in the humble assur ance that your attachment to our be loved Methodist Church needs but the reminder that the set time has come to "offer unto God thanksgiving," for the desires of your grateful hearts to cry stalise into deeds of consecrated liber ality. A review of the history of Methodism at home and abroad, from the days of John Wesley up to the close of the present century, compels from each devout and Catholic student the glad acknowledgment of the source of its power and the cause of its success. "This is the Lord's doing; it is mar vellous in our eyes." Perhaps no bet ter summary could be given in few words than the one contained in the fol lowing extract :-In the Eighteenth Century God sent John and Charles Wesley and the early Methodist preachers. They preached Jesus to the perishing people; planted the Me thodist Societies; revived the Church of England; roused the Presbyterian ism of Scotland; carried hope to Ire land, and new life to Wales. They saved the nation from atheism and revo lution. In the Nineteenth Century the Mlethodist Societies, purified through suffering, and welded together as a church, have been equipped for a mis sion of world-wide evangelism. As the century closes, the mother Methodist Church and all the daughter churches of every name, in every land, dwell to gether in unity. They preach the same doctrine, sing the same hymns, and en joy the same fellowship. Together, they number more millions than any other Protestant church in the world. In the Twentieth Century Methodism is called to do a great work, for this she needs the "golden oil" of the Divine anointing. It needs also, as the pro phet saw in vision, the "golden pipes and bowls and lamp-stands," which con secrated liberality can give. For the past, so full of mercy. and for the future so radiant with hope. what can we, as Methodists, do ? " '? e will take the cup of salvation and call upon the name of tihe Lord." It was in this spirit that our conference, the first conterence in VWest Australia. held in March last, passed the following re -cluti?eu : i. That in the judgment of this con ference it is desirable to commemorate the commencement of the twentieth century, and the establishment of a separate conference for WVest Austra lia in 1900, by raising a special con nexional fund for the maintenance and extension of the work of God in West Australia. 2\. The conference therefore resolves that-(i) A special connexional fund, to be called the Weslevan Methodist commemoration fund, shall be raised for the maintenance and extension of the work cf God in West Australia. (ii) The commemoration fund shall be inaugurated as soon as suitable ar rangements can be made, and shall be closed on February 28, 1903. 2\. The following shall be the objects of the fund, and the general scheme of allocation:--(i) To increase the church loan fund for the erection of churches, mission halls, and manses, and to assist church and other con nexional funds with loans free of in terest. (ii) To increase the sustenta tion fund for the assistance of home mission and dependent circuits. (ii,) Or for any particular purpose desig nated by the donor, such as the reduc tion of trust debts on church or manse property. 4\. That a roll, to be called the his toric roll, shall be opened in each cir cuit, on which shall be inscribed the names of all the members of the church, teachers, and scholars in the Sunday schools, communicants, adherents, or friends of Methodism in West Austra lia. The roll shall be opened on Janu ary I, 19go, and closed on December 31 of that year, and snail be autogra phic as far as practicable. A corres ponding roll shall be opened, to contain the names of all collectors and sub scribers, and as far as possible each name on the historic roll should be represented by at least the sum of ,i, given or collected on the other. This roll shall be closed on February 28, 1903. c. The conference, in determining upon this enterprise, affectionately urges our people to seek contempor aneously with this financial effort a renewed and richer outpouring of the spirit of God, that our church in West Australia may be equipped for the great responsibilities and grand opportuni ties which the new century will bring us in this great and growing colony. From the foregoing resolutions it will be seen that the conference has not specified any amount, but is hoped that in a church numbering over 17,000 rdherents, of whom 1945 are church members, and 3723 are Sunday school scholars, we shall raise at least £0,0o00. The objects of the thanksgiving fund, as stated, are worthy of our most liberal support. To increase the church loan fund as resolved by the conference, is to render help to church building and church trusts for all time. Trustees will appreciate the advantages of borrowing from the church loan fund such sums as may be needed free of interest, and our people generally w.ll more gladly contribute for the re duction of principal than for the mere payment of interest. Our present church loan fund has a capital of £6oo. If we could increase the present capi tal of the church loan fund to as many thousands as there are at present hun dreds of pounds, the benefits to the churches would be simply inestimable. The objects of the church loan fund are--(1) To reduce debts on church property, and (2) to assist in the erec tion of churches, schools, and manses. The present sustentation fund has a capital of £3000, the interest on which provides the means whereby dependent circuits are assisted annually. If the capital could be doubled, the interest each year, amounting to £300, would be a great help in supplmenting the in comes of our home mission stations and dependent circuits. While the conference places the loan and the sustentation funds in the fore front, provision is made for any donor to designate his gift for the reduction of trust debts on church or manse pro perties, or for the erection of a college or any other object desired. The time allowed for the payment of promises is practically two and a half years from July I, 19oo. If, week by week, rich and poor, old and young, will give, ac cording as God has prospered them, the amount that will be raised by the time the fund closes in February, 90o3, will be astonishing, and stand out as A MONUMENT TO THE PRAISE AND GLORY OF GOD. Special attention is directed to the Historic Roll, which will be opened on the first day of the twentieth century, and which, when completed on the last day of the first year in the new cen tury will contain the names of sub scribers and collectors, whether mem bers of our church, teachers, or scho lars in our Sunday schools, communi cants, seat holders, or other wor shippers and adherents, or friends of Methodism. There is not an indivi dual who has received blessing under God in the Methodist Church but will esteem it an honor to have his or her name written on the Historic Roll. Parents will desire that the names of their children should be contained in the Historic Roll. Our debt of grati tude to the sainted dead, by whom we have been helped and comforted, will find expression in placing their names in memoriam on the Historic Roll. Each name on the Historic Roll will represent at least it given or col lected. Many of our people will not limit their expression of thanksgiving unto God by the contribution of f;I, but will contribute such a sum as God has enabled them to give, for the main tenance and extension of His work in West Australia. Few will fail to raise at least one pound, but if after steady effort anyone should fail, his or her name will not be excluded from the his toric roll. If, as in the days of Nehemiah, the people have a mind to work, and the Methodists are the same as when Dr. Chalmers said "they were at it-all at it-and always at it," then the Christian exercise awaiting us will be accompanied by a great and graci ous revival of evangelical religion. In no land has Methodism a more open door than in this colony. Her organu sation is adapted to the needs of the people; the gospel she preaches in her pulpits is the power of God unto sal vation to everyone that believeth; and the, fellowship in her communion is fel lowship with the Father and with His Son, Jesus Christ, our Lord and Saviour. The blessings assured in the new century are immensely greater than any experienced in the past, and may be ours by Christian consecration and co-operation in the power of the Holy Ghost. Let us hand to, our chil dren in the coming century a glorious heritage in Zion, and so fulfil the words of the Psalmist: "One generation shall praise Thy works to another, and shall declare Thy mighty acts." The A.J.C. St. Leger winner, Johan sen, who had the distinction of down ing Bobadil, has been lately running in welters at suburban meetings in a burly condition. Sloan was in hot water again last month. The stewards of the Jockey Club, having observed that confusion occurred near Tattenham Corner in the race for the Derby, called Sloan before them at Epsom, and, after mak ing enquiries of the other jockeys rid ing in the race, severely reprimanded Sloan for breach of the rules. 