COURSING- By " Blakemere " I DESIRE to acknowledge the programme of the South Australian Club's Waterloo Cup, to be run at Buckland Park-in the open-on 5th June and following days. The Berrigan Club aleo forwards ltB programme of the President's Stake, to be disposed of next month. Dakdenonc Rancer, Nellie Drinan, Watchman and Grip have left Melbourne to compete at Horsham to-day. Mr. A. Kane, of Nhill, has purchased Killen, sister to Kilfinane, and she left for her new homo last Friday. In all probability the staunch little daughter of Single Tax and Kilmorna will compete ai Horsham. Jummy Dhu has also changed hands, but I am unable to mention the purchaser. Perhai'S at the shivoo after the coursing at Bendigo there was no toast received half so heartily aB Mr. A. B. Pearson's, and small wonder, too, considering his munificence to the sport. Thib- season he adds ten guineas to the Benalla Derby, and the same to the Oiks. To the Echuca Champion Cup he donates £15, and to the Challenge Puppy SLakeB he also adds a tenner. But he has excelled even these gifts by spontaneously promising the Bendigo Club a five and twenty guinea bracelet to be run at the final meeting of the season, the only proviso being that dogs muBt be nominated by ladies, and that the stake be for at least 32 dogs. Air Pearson was not asked for this splendid donation, but offered it to the club. Need I say it was accepted? What wonder his name was received with uproarious delight ! The Bendigo Plumpton Club last week dulv brought off its Derby and Oiks meeting, and right proud, indeed, must all connected with tbeclub be in coflbeetion with t he gieat EUCCCSR achieved On the fi rBt day (Wednesday) Lhe weather was simply glorious and the attendance was of con Biderable proportions, the fair sex, as is usual in Bendigo, being specially well represented. Oa the Wednesday the coursing arena was fo hard that the dogs became footsore, and the dust was frequently raised, whereas on the final day they had to course puss through pools of water and under Buch circumstances it was really wonderful how she managed to escape the pursuit of her longtailed warriors But throughout the meeting haree ran wonderfully strongly, and in some cases actually played with their pursuers ; Bpecial credit iB due to those who have the management and training of the game at Bendigo. M R. Chadwjck had a hard job to judge on the second day, owing to the soaking he received, but generally he gave satisfaction ; whilst Turner Bhpped well under difficulties. The Derby filled with sixteen, and of course there was some great rubbish, as there also was in the Oaks of similar proportions. Taking the Derby first, those that pleased in the opening round were Baden- Powell, Black Watch, Kiliinaneand Churchhill, and they remained in until the next morning, with the exception of the latter, whose course I have mentioned abo ve. The last four were the three mentioned and Romantic (by Honeydew — Biddy by Richmond— Juno); Baden - Powell had little difficulty in defeating the Eiglehawk puppy, Black Watch | (Honeydew—Molly Riley by The Ghost—Winnie), and ICiltinane had no trouble in disposing of the other Faglehawk representative, Romantic, who was quite outclassed For the decider Kilfinane was a pronounced favourite, although the general sympathy was evidently with Baden-Powell, judging by the recepiion his owner and breeder, Mr. H. Burridge, received. It was a great i ace up to the hare, and all the spectators thought Kilfinane Becured it, but Mr. Chad wick later on informed me that Baden- Powell was the first to break puss on her track. After this it was a regular ding-dong give-and-take course, but when Kilfinane drove to covert 1 was looking for the hat to come off, so close was it, but the judge gave it to Kilfinane by a solitary point. Melbourne was thus first and Bendigo second, and bo it was throughout the four stakes of the meeting. Kilfinane is a rather massive black dog of G91be.» and was bred by his trainer-owner, Greg Keighery, at Dandenong. He is by Single Tax (Socialist- Suavity by Lincoln — Bligh bj Sarchedon—Victoria by King Ahasuerus) from Kilmainham's dam, Kil morna by RufTord — Kilkee by Harrington — Honour Bright by Capital—Honour and Gloty by Countryman's son, Bumpkin—Sib to Tanniiauser). I do not credit him with the possession of very great pace, but he has all that honesty, Btamina and working powers that so strongly distinguish his game old sire. Indeed, I consider Kilfinane as vastly inferior to Baden Powell, who ran up to him ; but then the Dandenong dog was wonderfull3> fit, whilst the Bendigo repreaeL tative was nothing like ready. The runner - up is by Keighery's own dog, Drinan Dhu by RufTord — Leonora by Capri—Kilkee,so that the runner-up's sire is almost full brother to the winner's dam, and Keighery was in the happy condition that if he were to bo defeated in the final it would be by one of his old favourite's stock. Buden- Powell is out of Beehive Queen by The Last Request from Beehive Rosa by Rent Charge from Maid of Oborne's sifter Captivity by Mieterton -Ooomaesio. He is a big, well-grown, magpie dog, but hardly brilliant from slips, although he drives his hare in grand style and is a pronounced stayer; it was his condition only that defeated him, for, botbjtit and well, I feel certain he is a greatly superior dog to his conqueror, and one much more likely to perpetuate his fame. Black Watch fell oil' uuaccountably after running; a couple of Bterling gojd courses. Romantic was not half ready, but is a great stayer and should be a grand dog on the open. Churchill is a superior puppy by Highway's brother, Ventana, and will yet win a fair stake. The only other that may make a name for himself in the future was Con's Delight by Confidence— Darebin Gem ; this is a big puppy that will be seived by time, although 1 believe he is to run to-day at Benalla. The Oaks sixteen contained some really fair bitches, and once again I hardly think the best survived to the end, as Baden-Powell's sister Boad icea, stood out a long way in advance of the others, and it was nothing but sheer bad luck that saw her dismissed in the first lies by the ultimate winner, Golden Belle, as she was four lengths faster than .Mr. Scott's puppy, but ricked herself on making the first turn, then wis unfortunate enough to cannon into the fawn and come a cropper, being afterwards of no use to the Melbourne bitch! She was unlucky in her first public essay, but if her injuries are only temporary we may expect her to score a good win. Goi.den Bf.lle led everything except Boadicea and is a real beauty on her game, wonderfully good indeed considering she is a big bitch of Mlb. weight. She is the result of an accidental union, as her sire, Goldbeater, was only a sapling when he served Bairnie, owing to the carelessness of a lad in charge. She was fent lo slips by Dave Little, who for the second time in a week served up a winner Although not brilliant in pace Golden Belle "ill defeat many spee;lier groy houn Is, as she will badly outwoik iliem. British Biue.,' the runner up, is quite a mite as she went to slips' for her first course weighing -J-l!b. only, and she appeared to have lust at least a couple of pounds off that when placed in for the final with Golden Belle. She is by no means faat, but is a great sticker, and lika all small bitches undeniably clever. The sisters Radiance and Rueina, by Honeydew — Biddy, are two really good bitches, but lacked condition so far as the former was concerned ; they are worth persevering with, as is also La Belle, a sister to Black Watch. Gazette was sent to slips absolutely untrained, but showed good speed and fair form. If I were given my choice I Bhould hesitate between her and Boadicea as the best in the Btake. She is by Inkstand from Kington Arrow by Harkaway — Kingtoniaby RentCharge — Minnehaha by Resterton, and goes with great dash, although I would like her to have a bit more heart room. I should fancy Miss Star will be wi rth continuing with, and Killeen, the favourite for the stake, went down before Boadicea, but then her brother, Kilfinane, had revenge over Boadicea's brother, Baden-Powell. Killeen was not led so much by Boadicea as was Golden Belle, and yet the latter won the stake. A really good dog in Megaphone won the- South African Stakes, of twenty eight dogs at a, couple of guineas each, and the Messrs. Kelly Bros, are to be congratulated, for they only took up one dog, and with him they won. He is by the crack siro, Goldsmitn, from Flora by Kildahl, and is a specially honest dog, without being ultra brilliant, but he is so, well known that I need not expatiate on the fawn's ability. Kendal, who ran up, was a lucky dog to get the position, as Fascination was just at her pupping time, and Creeping Jane was too chicken-hearted. His next opponent, Wyndham Anatruther, was run to a standstill and utatauta good lot, and then Ben Bolt, made a •cr.v A of it,both „nR. stopping, fo -on he met Mrcujilione for the final, odds of 4 to were laid on the Melbourne dog, ami and they tliey were «er< : never in jeopardy. Unfortunately, the detail, of the individual eourneB of the South African Stakes are c row ded out. Tin; fpenally unlu'-ky dogn in tli3 stake were Proevon and Maid of My r -rR Flat. The former was lir.sl favourite for the stakes, but most unluckilygot on to a IOOFC hare, so that he had a regular grueller, and when he went into clips against Wyndham Arist ruther the odda of 4 to 1 offered on him turned right round ; it was indeed hard lu for Mr. .lo.sh. Owen, who is such a staunch fup porter of the game. Maid of Myer'p Fiat was to wonderfully well that it looked as if she may secure the ultimate victory, but in the fust liefi she slipped her collar and with specially bad luck had an immoderately loug course, so that she had to be drawn. This was ilio worst of luck for Mr. Martin Kelly, as also Tom White. IjK.m'i hami' was very neatly upsetting Charlie Brown's bov by defeating the odds laid on Megaphone, and afler that he, although subjected to a grueller, came out and won a fourteen-dogs' supplementary » • stake, ' running in Mr. Alec . Pearson's 1 name ,e. Keighery thus took t«-o stakes to the met ropolis, whilst the Messrs. Kelly Bros, took one and Dave Little took the other, so that the local sports had !o cry second only. Til>: betting was wonderfully good, and really reminded one uf the old time? to see hundreds of pounds bet on individual courses, and the Melbourne bookmakers, of whom there was a very large contingent, were really astonished at the size of the vnci-rs. Make no doubt about it, the interest in coursing is reviving with rapid strides^ All the officers of the club worked heartily to promote the it; f the uKirt scd also the comfort of their . snd slthough it may he invidious vo sicc'.e out oac or two when so many worked wuiir.rly &i5ii; heartily, it is necessary for n:e :„•> spK:*I,y fcr.-.tr.Mja the Great interest in-slow ic. syoa evt-yece rv ;be Messrs. Burridge, /<•< t: Mr. Hsrry ferriage, as president, l>einc the life stiri kvjI of the club, whilst his son. .V r. Charley Rurrintre, as honorary eecretarj', is indeed a hard-«orked man, who willingly gives up valuable time to further the interests of the club with which he has been identified since its inauguration. Dkkhy. - Fin-t fr'r,vr,rf.~- Padeu-Powell iutt got the turn from J5obs/and n1ade7wo^nor\^\"'hen The latter got, in for a couple of wrenches, after which the \-- Mateking • hero had - things .. all .. his . own w ay over the commander-in-chief, a good hare badly < eating them both. Boniface was a couple of lengths faster than Mechanic, who never scored a point of merit in a longish course, puss failing to get away. Quick 'Thought wat, unsighted in ihe run up, but when together was practically of no use to Black Watch. Imagination, on the inside, got the turn from Gobo, and was afterwards vastly superior throughout a f^-iir course. Coirs Delight stretched out for a three lengths' lead and got into doub.'e points, when Hazel Adair got possession, and never relinquishing iL, just got the verdict. KilSnane, on the inside, got the turn from Bill Kiley, who was of no use lo him throughout a course, run smartly by the wiuner, who also used his teeth with effect. Ifuon Pine was first up by a couple of lengths, and had a strong score in hand when he tired, and Komantic outworked him. Churchill forced ahead for n six lengths' lead of Eslcouit, and sticking well to a good racing hare, never allowed his opponont a solitary look iu. /YiV '/Yes. —Baden-Powell led his brother Boniface a length and a-half, and only allowed him one exchange, puss beating them both. Black Watch led up four lengths from Imagination, and got into double points, whf-n the latter took possession, and was rapidly working off the early work when lie put himself ouL by killing. Kilfinane drew out for a sik lengths' lead, and in a well-run course only allowed Hazel Adair an occasional one on sufferance". Churchill passed Romantic in the run up, and reached his game four lengths in front, making the next four before letting in the magpie, who only used his game weakly :or four wrenches, when the Lchucadog again went by him, and once more had ear l - v points to the good, when Romantic put in two wrenches, and drove to covert apparently well beaten, but to the general astonishment the flag went up for Romantic. Second 7i-s.—To a short slip Baden Powell just got the turn from Black Watch, who was afterwards almost useless throughout a long course to Mr. Burridge'^ puppy, every point of merit being scored by Unlade.-. Kilfinane at once drew ouL aud only allcved Romantic a couple of ui a course biautitully run by che Dandejro'nc \- - ' D aim'/ < oursc. — Kilfinane, with 5 t/ Ton h\m ^•as being led by Baden 1 'ohell, but inidfc 4 rush approaching the hare, and appa\u)4jy just got the turn, making the next two, i&eft;" tyie magpie got iu and midejfour, after which r regular ding-doug all ihe way, but when K got possession to drive to covert it just got hmT home a winner. t\ v r,- ,, , Oaks Stakk.s : - i W J ound. Lady Rotha got up half-a dozen lengths „, front of Dew Honey, but after scoring a couple of wrenches was passed by the latter, who completely J ^ the mu blue u.u.. had „.m made \- -- two more, , but the hare was too Rueina Rueino strong for the la ter to outwork the blue Ruuk ran a bye, Mr. Clifford b nominal on being d m , ^ ^ t ^ \- r " who never scored" a half point. Radiance was eight lengths faster than her sister, Miss Honeydew, who never scored, the winner running a pretty course. La Belie was led a length and half by Uazelte. and after that it was give and take, La Bello jus(i wjntllng a very close thing. Golden ]k])e wag & )e of iengl]is faster up than Cricket l ass, and a pretty give and take course ensued, Gulden Belle's meritoiious kill just fending the flag up for her. Boadicea got up three lengths in advance of Killeen, and more than held her own ^ n the work also flicking, but when Killeen killed bkch w'as'a clever win n-r. Fu-«t Tin.— British Blue just got the turn and afterwards ran all over Dew Honey, although the latter got a fen- wrenches after the lead. Rueina led Miss Star eight, lengths, and got in all the early points when the white put in Borne merry work, but when Rueina drove home she was a good winner. Radiance led La Belle two lengthB and a- hslf, fm J1, and iiliu afterwards tiii^nioiuo only uun allowed ini^n^^ the black — c0 ,e of exchanReB on 8ufferance. Golden Belle was']e(J four ]EI)glhs by Boadima who turned w,de, lLlIli in Uic fawil t0 m a k e four( when the Bendigo ,iUch °resumed p0Bses6ion only to come a cropper on cannoning against her opponent, and being badly injured simply toiled behind Golden Belle, who got the balance of t he course and the flag. Scomi 7 i>'s — Owing to the hare shifting British Blue just lost the turn to Rueina, who made a couple more when the blue got possession and quickly put up a score ; a really grand give and take ;ourse ensued, ending in a kill by Rueina, who lost, after twice equalising matters, in the prettiest course of the meeting. Golden Belle just got the turn from Radiance, but was afterwards vastly superior finishing matters by pulling her game to grass. ]).r\4iv.rj Course —Golden Belle, on whom 2 to 1 was laid, led British Blue five lengths, and only once allowed the blue an exchange and that on sufferance, the victory being a brilliant one for the Melbourne bitch. JIospay next is rather an important day amongst owners, as at noon nominations are due for the Moouee Valley Derby and Oak«, each for an ""limited number of dog and bitch puppies at lbree sovereigns each, as also for the Laverton Stakes, which is for 32 all-ages at two sovereigns. Entries have to be completed by noon on the daj' following, and it is well tor owners to bear in miud these very important facts, as the Moonee Valley PJumpton is now looked upon as of high consequence amongst owners. Coursing will take place on the following Thursday and Friday, and as hares have improved considerably in their behaviour during the past fortnight the sport i hould be very highcla-s. Mr. A. A. Woods wiil judge the meeting, and George Bignell will handle the slips. »« tt r* • . , . i j , - M k R , a . r . hy "."ported to have resigned J U( 'g es '"P of the Colhngw-ood Club, aud I hear tbat 10 a1 1 P rabliblllt y B'gnell will slip at the next meetI u g' The Bnulla Darby and Oaks meeting, which will eventuate to ddy, will have a very large number of metropolitan dogs engaged. Those desirous of.learning the details o! the various eou-ses will be able to read them in next week's Punch. J 1'- StfJTT, owner of Golden Belle, writes mB ' ler ^airnie was by a New Zealand bred dog called Kalo—who was also known as Blackbird—from Nettie bv Rocket—Black Bess. 