AT THE BEEHIVE. MASSACRES IN AUSTRALIA. MOSQUITO. We were almost forgetting, that there were wild blackfellows in Victoria or New South Wales. “Jacky” and “Jimmy" have long been associated with the mildly humorous side of affairs, rather than with the brutal and tragical. Some black evil demon, we can now see, was at the elbow of the unfortunate man Mawbey, winch in- spired him to let a contract for post and rail-splitting and fencing to Jacky Gover- nor and his nondescript push. Black- fellows and cheap low- class foreigners in common with cheap nondescript individu- als of all sorts, are ticklish kittle-cattle to deal with.; Many a man before to-day has lost nis own life, or his property, or the lives of his family by bringing such people around his place. Knowing that very little value is placed on their own lives they place little value on the lives of other people. Mawbey appears to have been paying blackfollows in advance for work to be done, (On the splitting and fencing contract it is said that they were 15s in his debt.) Mawbey little under- stood blackfellow nature, or he would never have paid them one penny beyond what they had already worked for. Of all the men on this earth of ours I don’t think there is one who so radically and bitterly sets his face against working off "a dead horse” as your Australian aborigine. You can make them work for you if you don't pay them anything, but not if you pay them beforehand for work to be done. Against Mrs. Mawbey, according to the wretched half-witted Dubbo girl who took up with the blacks as the white lubra of Jacky Governor, they had a disagreement over 3s or 4s to winch the blacks con- sidered they were entitled. Then there was Mawbey’s condemning and allowing them only half-price for 100 out of 1000 .fencing posts that they had cut and brought on to the ground. We know how our Echuca Gunbower, and Heathcote railway sleeper cutters love and pray for the Government inspectors, who pick out and condemn some of the sleepers. We know how we ourselves bless and enthu- siastically intercede for the future eternal happiness of anyone who finds fault with any of our own work. It’s human nature, I suppose. There’s a big fund of the very worst kind of this human nature the lower you got down in the social and in- tellectual scale—-European or aboriginal. The aboriginal is very low down. The Governor gang of blackfeliows wouldn’t let 3s or 4s stand between them and the lives of a mother and her family. The murders since were, I believe, perpetrated out of mere tigerish love of blood, or to avenge harbored-up slights and insults deceived from other white people from time to time. in the way of wreaking revenge any person of a tribe, or family, or race is just as good a victim as another. Readers of the life of Buckley, our first white settler who landed so unostentatiously near where Sorrento now stands, will re- member that during his later sojourns near the Barwon and about what’s how Queens- cliff, he had a little black boy for a com- panion, He was quite a little chap, and Buckley, I suppose, took to him, as much as for any other reason as that he him- self was a man very nearly as tall and broad as our Constable Kelly, Anyhow, Buckley liked the little chap to be with him on his fishing and hunting excur- sions. One night, however, a black or blacks from a neighboring hostile tribe sneaked into the camp of Buckley’s Bar- won blacks, and amongst others murdered Buckley’s little lad. Buckley was very mad and sorrowful when he saw the corpse of the dead child; so sorrowful that a male adult of the tribe proceeded to administer consolation and comfort after his own style. He told Buckley that he knew the tribe who had slain the child, that he would go out in a night or two, and for what they had done he would exact double the retribution. (He would, in fact, be a sort of European Christian army going to China to take re- venge tenfold, a hundredfold, or a thou- sandfold for the blood of Christian mission- aries crying to Christian soldiers and gene- rals for vengeance.) The black man was as good as his word. On his return from his expedition, he told his tribe and Buckley how, in a midnight sortie on the sleeping foe he had sailed in, and murdered I don’t remember how many men and women. But his bonne .bouche, his balm for Buckley’s wounded and bereaved heart, he unwound from his pos- sum rug in the form of two- heads of. two little children of about the same ago as Buckley’s little lad. The slim and valiant blackey was astonished that Buckley did not dance around with delight, Buckley has left it on record that the murder of those two children filled him up completely with the blacks. "One tribe was as bad and detes-, table as another —unmitigated, uhteachable, unreflecting savages and brutes the lot of them. So he withdrew almost entirely from them, and when at last found by Bat- man’s men was living by himself in the neighborhood of the sea rocks called “Buck- ley’s Lookout.” It is no doubt revenge of the very same character which so disgusted Buckley that Jacky Governor and" One-Eyed ’’Underwood have been wreaking on their victims. The sixty years of the crippled Mackay and his wife could not save them, nor the 18 months of O'Brien’s first baby, nor the coming baby of which the murdered Mrs. O’Brien was about to give birth. Beastly! beastly! horrible. Unless it was the pinchedness of poverty that com- pelled it—most backblock .pioneers are poor and struggling—it was a bad day's work when Mawbey brought a troop of savages round his place to do work when there were so many white men in the colony who could have been got to do it. MISCELLANEOUS. FTfAfnxfPEAmvs “MUtiioiv'—a few CRACKS IN IT. ; , In Shokcspearo’e ideal stage the mirror was hold up to nature. Then, as now, 1 suppose that the “mirror” was held up to whatever paid most—to what wont down best’with tlie crowd. Last Saturday after noon in Melbourne and last Saturday evening at Bendigo there wore two per fectly enjoyable (exhibitions of “mirror holding." In Melbourne, Miss Nance O’Neil was taking advantage of an after noon performance in aid of the Mclboicrne Hospital to try one of Norwegian Ibseh’s plays on the dog—that is to sc© if an Aus tralian audience could swallow it without its making them ill, in which event it would no doubt be added to her “reper tory.” The play in question “Hcdda Qnblor” is the story pf a young woman who is not calculated to make a man happy who prefers a quiet life. Not to call her out of her name; Mrs. Gablor is a scandalous young Scandinavian. The play is- very 'tragical. Her lovers provide a let of tlie tragedy, and the tragedy is at ]$jt so overdone, piled so high and thick op the stage that the audience on Saturday last eventually lost sight of tlie terrible, and began to laugh heartily at the far fetched unreality and grbtesquencss of the whole tiling. What broke them up finally and turned tins heaviest of fearful tragedies into a good screaming farce wav Mrs. Gabler’s bad luok in her best lover, When committing suicide for her sake, clumsily planting the fatal wound in'his vulgar “broad' basket” instead of in his manly bosom or his noble brain—in lm; stomach instead of his head or heart. The great sympathetic audience —there wore £423 in the theatre, clear of expenses— simply shook with merriment when this part was reached. “Hodda Gabler” had been, tried on the dog as a tragedy. It didn’t take, but with a few slight altera tion o the most tragic parts of it might go down Jbeaut|fuIJv ‘as a peg!’© minstrel sketch, full of blood and liveliness. On, Saturday evening, at, tlie Bendigo Theatre, tlio “mirror” was employed on “The Three 'Musketeers.” in the first' few minutes there's a shower of challenges to duels. qPlipn onb of the Ring's Imoklors 'run8"'hi8" sword thi'Opgh one qf tjio Cardinal's bullies, ’ The bully falls djjng, and sqtiirniing, and pouring Out his ycyy’heart’s blood at the feet .pf the iii the mu|4 of this scene of brutality*' and viokyice, a Very natty and neatly attired little French gfyj gajlvokipu across tlie stage, and, dying murdorea men being of no as it would seem, bi Stagelohd, proceeds, hhfe and the swashbuckler, ollap, to uuikij level to each’other. The pair hi front w tlio stage billing and oooing to oaoh other aim the unfortunate individual only half ;5vay .down the stage and- hot' done Wymg yet, natulFo with a ven geance. Further on in the play an extra clever French countess, doing private detec tive work in the Royal palace for His Emi nence, Cardinal Tyrone Power, who at that period ruled Franco, feels that she'd like to have the blood of the hefore-moritionodi swashbuckler, ■ His offences are tliat'mT likes the natty little girl best, and has Stop ped a few of the countess' nefarious games 'coming off. So she whips out a dagger and goes for him. He flicks his yard-long 1, knife out of ito scabbard, parries her ten-inch dagger with it, and kicks over Her Majesty vho Queen's chairs and a big table in the way of the virago. No respectable licen see of a Bendigo hotel, would have allowed such a scene in his house. The papers would have been full of it next day, and when December next came round Inspector Hehir would be objecting to the renewal of fcl.b license. The stage ns a popular edu cator in manners and morals! Pooh! Imagine, tf you can, one of our present Ma jesty’s duchesses and, say, Baden-Powell, having a fight all over the shop with dag ger and sword, and amongst her Majesty’s overturned chairs and an upset kitchen, table that has somehow or other been con verted into a boudoir piece of furniture, but one of its legs will, I am sure, require regluing before, in the ordinary course of business, it can be sold .to some Eaglehawk newly-married young couplo on the time payment system. I’m getting mixed, I fear. But the trash mixed up by the dramatiscr of Dumas’ novel is enough to mix up any body. Oh, when again shall we have the good old negro drama revived in its pris tine freshness and purity. Now, the negro drama, I maintain, was moral and elevating —not after your conventional platitmlinar-. ian methods, but really, truly, absolutely and all the time. A good, full, round hearty, laugh as often as wo can raise one is as well worth paying for as heroines who weep bit terly arid prose melnncholily because their paramours arepinked in the digestive organs instead, of in the Circulatory 6r nerve com, ties, or as otflior ill-tempered young ladies of shady, moral antecedents who charge at men with daggers are worth fleeing from. The Bendigo Hospital has just made a record which is probably unequalled in any hospital in Australia of its size. Some months ago I chronicled the feat as remark- able that there wasn't one death for the whole of a week. Now from the 7th of this month up to the time I am writing (26th inst.), 19 days, there has not been a death. In these 19 days about 50 persons have been sent out cured or convalescent, and in round numbers 100 have been under treatment for all the ordinary diseases, ac- cidents, etc. This is indeed a wonderful record. If it were a private institution and all the patients were good paying ones the doctors could not possibly have carried out to greater perfection the oft-quoted sound advice of the old doctor to his son, the young doctor, "Keep ’em alive, my boy. Keep ’em alive. Dead men pay no fees.” There's luck, of course, in it. But from whatever point of view you look at Dr. Long and his co-adjutor, Dr. Shorney, to- gether with the honoraries, and nursing, cooking and laundry staffs, cannot be accused of not giving our sick and wounded people the very best chance that science and attention can give them for their lives. It is very pleasant to be able to widely and prominently draw public attention to the astonishingly successful work which is being done in the Bendigo Hospital, and to congratulate all hands thereon. Dr. Long should have his report of the current month's work illuminated and framed. The Chinese diplomats — ambassadors, viceroys, etc. — are telling lies as fast as they can in regard to the slaugh tered ambassadors. Europeans and Japan ese diplomats are highly accomplished liars. But the Chinese are not in need of mission aries in this department of state-craft. Amongst the most talented of them is the 75 year old Li Hung Chang. Li—appro priate name for a politician—before leav ing the South to take up the Government of Pekin, was feted by the British Gover nor and notables at Hong Kong. Some people: have been protesting against: it. as Li all the while has been throwing dust in the eyes of- the British as to the fate of the ambassadors, - arid other foreigners. Li now is saying that if the allies come -nearer to Pekin it will be'the signal for slaughtering all 1 the foreigners there, said foreigners having, 1 it is almost' certain been dead and dismembered and burned or eaten by the Pekin dogs weeks ago. Li Hung Chang was the Chinese viceroy whom ‘General Gordon about 30 years ago hunted for a whole day, revolver in hand, intend ing to shoot him dead in his tracks for his treachery in massacreing eight surrendered) Taeping rebel leaders whoso lives ho had solemnly stipulated with 1 Gordon should be saved in the terms of their surrender He’s a man for the British governor of Hong Kong to treat with princely honors! How ever, he’s enormously rich, one of the rich est, if not the richest, man in the world. Riches cover a multitudinous multitude of i sins.. • , ■ There was a rumor in Bendigo one ovcn-1 ing this week that the Golden Square "ghost” hod been met by two or three j strong-handed , and f.ironc-booted young men and very nearly compelled to give up the ghost. If such an event had hap pened there would have been very few mourners. Something of this kind will certainly occur as the result of this after dark masquerading, with waistcoats under their overcoats made phosphorescent with rat poisoq. One exceedingly good-tem pered, religious young man, who had occa sion to trayol the "ghoet region,” astonish ed mo by pulling out a bright, newly purchased five-shooter revolver. "What have you got that, dangerous‘thing for,” I asked him. "To shoot the ghost with,” replied he. "Throw it away—drop it down an abandoned mine ( ” said J. "You might happen to' nieot’ the ghost. ami ‘in your anger and indignation put a bullet through himj and then bo sorry for it till your death. Bettor let somebody give the ghost a good kicking, a rope's ending, a tar and feathering, or a series of cold mud ■ baths in one of the Golden Square min ( ing dams. Don’t have a ghost’s ghost \--haunting you on each anniversary of your shooting him. A ghost is bad enough, but a ghost’s ghost—-beware! Be warned and be wise;” (I boliovo you can now buy the revolver from the young man—-cheap.) ' a You will remember that the "Arnold street Ghost” of a couplo of years.back used to pay on occasional evening visit to the hospital grounds. As showing how the belief in Iho bona fides of supernatural visi tants still lingers the following unrecorded and true incident of the time is at present as interesting as it is amusing. A num ber of people were at the hospital, pot for fun or for idle (furiosity, tint to sqq how suffering relatives wore (getting on, and to talk to and cheer them up. The visitors, as often happens, got talking amongst themselves, ami the ghost’s appearance in tlio hospital grounds cnirie up. Said one aged old lady from the "Quid Dart.” "Somebody should go and spake to it Tt can’t rest. There’s been some one mur thorod in the hospital. Or else there’s a lot of money hidden under the roots of (hem trees out there, and it*s waitin’ for some one to come and spake to it tall it ! tolls nil about it. Some of us should go j and spako to it. There was once mcsolf — (when I met a ghost one night—(But hero the combined laughter of the visitors and of the sick patients as well burst oi\t, and the old lady suddenly closed down on hot ghostly recollections and adventures.) . Bull dogs are nob what they are cracked up to bo. I mean cariino bull dogs, not revolver bull dogs. This time last year I had te sorrowfully chronicle the faot'that the prize bull dog of New Zealand) died from sea-nickness on his way back from the Sydney show to* Iris island home. Now this week, Blunderbuss, tho champion bul\ dog of New South Wales, died from suf focation in tho-guard's vpn when on its way to tho Melbourne dog, show. It, seems, therefore, that these dogs, are oven mere delicate than the tweet and gentle expression of their countenances would lead q nojvdog fancier to suppose. Give mo good, honest sheep dogs. * Whoever hoard of orio of them dying from seasick ness, or Wing smothered in a guard’s van ? 