CHAPTER XII. A day or two after this a note comes to me from Mrs. Liddell, inviting me up to Bramble Hall for a few days. It is written in a large scratchy hand, on paper stamped with the Liddel crest. ' I don't think I stall go,' I say, showing the note to Judith. ' But wouldn't it be a pity to offend the old woman ?' Miss Fleming suggests sagaciously. ' You know it is only for a few days, even if it is dull.' ' I would much rather stay where I am,' I answer candidly. ' I did think I should like poking about among their old curiosities and looking at the old books and pictures, but I don't seem to care about it now.' ' I wish she had invited me, too,' Judith says—but I don't half believe her. ' I wish she had—it would be some fun then. I don't think I shall go, Judith. Why should I, when I would much rather stay at home ? ' You must go. Run away and put on your things, and don't forget us, like Kilmeny when the fairies carried her off.' Judith's advice prevails—also the memory of the dreamy old house, of the sunny terrace, of the mossy alley under the damson-trees ; and I depart to pack my valise and answer Mrs. Liddel's note. Mr. Eden has gone for a cruise round the coast in the revenue cutter, which makes Judith the more willing to spare me just now. She also sees more of Ludlow Gresson at the farm, the Saucy Kate not having left her moorings since our sail round Hove Head. Perhaps this latter fact accounts for my reluctance to leave Seafield ; but, if so, I do not confess it even to myself. While I put my things together I comfort myself with the reflection that nothing can happen while I ant away to destroy the oven tenor of our ways, or change existing relationships at the farm. So I reason blindly, and carefully fold my pretty white grenadine—which I have never yet had an opportunity of wearing— and select the freshest of my cambric dresses and a favourite blue muslin, and two or three ribbons for my hair, and lay them all circumspectly in my valise, humming my old refrain— " The dew lies in the wood, Douglas, The wind blows on the lea ; An' when I gae to the Liddel bower It shall not be wi' thee !" At four o'clock the Bramble Hall carriage comes for me, driven by a white headed coachman in tarnished livery, and drawn by two sober long-tailed black horses, which I discover afterwards are known as the ' colts,' though their period of colthood must be a thing of the long past. In this mouldy-smelling vehicle, lined and padded with drab cloth, I step with becoming dignity and without the ghost of a smile on my face, though Judith and I have laughed ourselves almost ill, looking at it from the window. But not for worlds would I hurt old Gwilt's feelings, who with a stately deference holds the door open for me. And so I drive away in State from Seafield Farm, while Judith stands in the parlour-window waving her handkerchief, and Alice in the window above, looking down a little sadly at me or at my funeral equipage. We drive down the avenue and on to the road, but, instead of turning down towards the shore, we take a turn inland, leaving the Bend and its sandy hills to the left. In about twenty minutes we reach the shadow of Bramble wdod, and drive through very wide and low gates with the Liddel crest carved in stone capping each of the six granite pillars in the semicircle. These admit us into a gloomy drive almost as dark as the crypt of a cathedral, so crowded are the trees on each side, and so dense is the roof of leaves and branches overhead. A quarter of a mile of this brings us out close to the terrace, and we drive up a slope, and so into the courtyard or quadrangle. I find Mrs. Liddel in the Great Drawing- room, and with her a very tall and graceful woman with a pale complexion and a pair of fine dark eyes. She looks to me like an old picture, in her close- fitting dress of black velvet, with cuffs of embroidered lawn reaching to her- elbow, and deep square collar. She does not look very young—I should think she must be at least thirty—but cream-colour is very fast tint, and she may be even older. But from the first her pale intellectual face, the indefinable grace of her manner, the clear comprehensive look of her dark eyes, even the rather cynical smile on her lips, completely fascinate me. When I am ushered into the room, she is looking up at one of the pictures, standing her graceful height before it, with the straight soft folds of her velvet dress trailing on the carpet. She turns the moment she hears me, letting her hand, with the little ivory lorgnettee in it, drop to her side. ' Cecil, this is my little friend Miss Desmonde. Miss Desmonde—my cousin Lady Cecil Pierrepont.' Lady Cecil Pierrepont does not try to annihilate me by the freezing coldness of my reception ; on the contrary, the clasp of the firm warm hand is cordial, if unfamiliar. Half an hour afterwards we are drinking tea sociably together in one of the windows, sitting in the beautiful old carved chairs, with curious cups of old blue china in our hands. Mrs. Liddel does not remain in the room all the time—she has a restless way of coming in and going out, never seeming satisfied or at her ease. I very soon discover to what I am indebted for the honour of this invitation. Mrs. Liddel thought it would. be dull for Lady Cecil, and too great a risk upon herself, unless she had some young person to keep her company, and so she invited me. The knowledge does not affect me much. Now that I am here, I dare say I shall manage to amuse myself very well. There is something in the old-fashioned stateliness of the place, formal as it is, which is very pleasant—much more pleasant than dining at twelve o'clock in a kitchen, without any attempt at refinement. Not that I would object to roughing it a little— that in itself I always enjoy ; but roughing it with CarlI Gresson's wet-blanket face at the table is a little too much of a good thing. If one can't laugh at the strange appointments, or at the scarcity of appointments of any kind, where's the fun of it ? I must say I can't see any fun in it at all. Lady Cecil Pierrepont is not a silent person. Leaning with languid grace against her red velvet cushions—where her head looks like one of Giorgione's pictures—she tells me how tired she has grown of London and of life in general, and seems to have used up amusement enough for three or four ordinary lives, without benefiting much thereby. She has rinked at Prince's, danced at the Guildhall, cantered down the Lady's Mile, sat out cricket- matches at Lord's and slaughters of pigeons at Hurlingham ; she has hunted and croqueted and played lawn-tennis with " swells " whose names are historical ; she has travelled in Switzerland, in Norway, in Egypt ; she has gone down the Rhine and the Danube. She has heard Patti and Titiens, she has seen Dore's pictures, she has " done " every picture-gallery worth seeing in the world. and heard every opera worth hearing ; and she seems to me to have found them all vanity and, vexation of spirit. She does not say so to me in so many words, but I can see that all the beauty and glory of these things have turned, like Dead-Sea apples, to ashes in her mouth. Since she has taken her pleasure so sadly, I scarcely envy her ; but—just fancy—to have seen the Pyramids—to have been nearly to the summit of Mount Blanc—to have spent winters in Cairo and summers in Scotland —to have been at Venice for the Carnival and at Rome for Easter—to have gone in a yacht to Corfu and up the Nile in a dahabeah. One of these wonderful things would have bees enough to make me feel celebrated for the rest of my days. I think she is pleased to have found such an attentive listener, for she takes the trouble to amuse me in this way for more than an hour. She has been three or four days at Bramble Hall, and I wonder how she can endure its sameness after such much better things. She came here from Howglen —their place near Curton. ' You live closet this, do you not ?' Lady Cecil asks. ' I am staying close to this, at Seafteld Farm.' ' Oh, indeed. I think I remember it. But it is ten years since I was there.' ' So long as that ?' ' Quite as long—it seems strange, does it not, and Howglen scarce twenty miles away. But we have been at Howglen very little—I may say, scarcely ever of late. Have you ever seen Howglen ?' ' No. Is it a pretty place ?' ' Not pretty exactly. You must manage to see it. Perhaps we could ride over there some day and come back by train to Curton It is very well worth seeing. Do you live in London ?' ' No, I live in Ireland.' ' Oh, indeed !' —looking at me with more interest. ' I went to Killarney some years ago with a party of friends, and spent a month there at the hotel. The lakes are pretty, but it scorns to be always raining there. And one cannot move without coming into contact with a honeymoon ; but it is almost as bad in Switzerland.' Lady Cecil shrugs her shoulders, but I wonder if it is from choice or necessity that she has not gone over to the despised majority. She must be thirty or more, and very few women remain spinstors till thirty of their own free will. Some vague remeinbrance of hints thrown out by Mrs Liddel at breakfast one morning come back to me as I look at Lady Cecil Pierrepont—some reproach she had aillressetl to her son with regard to this lady. It was with her fortune that Mrs Liddel proposed to fill the empty coffees of her house ; it was her whom he denied having ill- treated as a girl—and I wonder if Mrs Liddel is likely to carry out her plan in regard to this lady and her son. Nobody has mentioned Mr Liddel's name since I came into the house. I do not know whether he is at home or not ; he may even be thousands of miles away. I had felt some undefined feeling of pleasure at the idea of meeting him again. The melancholy visaged master of Liddel had interested me more than I was aware ; I know that, now there seems no probability of my seeing him again. His manners and his cynical disbeliefs have so worked upon my imagination that I look upon him more as some hero in a romance than as a living human being. We dine in the Paradise Room at eight, old Gwilt attending on the table. The little boy dines with us. Lady Cecil takes no notice of him, and his grandmother foolishly ries to humour him, thereby making his illhumour considerably worse. ' He has no companions of his own age,' she says deprecatingly, ' and be grows tired of his own company.' ' He must find it very lonely without any playfellows,' I assent. ' It was just the same when my son was a boy. But he always liked to have friends here for shooting amid hunting. And you used to ride with them, Cecil. One day you all rode over to Howglen and back.' I remember it very well, Lady Cecil says in a slow dreamy way. ' We rode over the hills, and my horse lost a shoe, and we had to stop at a forge to get it on again, and we thought it great fun. What fools we were in those days.' Yet the remembrance of the folly softens her dark eyes and brings a less cynical curve to her lips. It happened more that ten years ago, and yet it can change her face like this. I can read the ' signs of love ' and I know that Lady Cecil was in love with one or other of her companions on the day she took that ride over the hills to Howglen. Which of them it was I am not prepared to say, but I think, from hints his mother has let drop, that it was her, cousin Rous. Whether the love still holds or not is another thing. I myself believe that love can die out utterly ; but then I am not a very good authority, having never been in love. After dinner we go back to the drawing-room, where there is a fire burning, though it is the first week in June. But even in June those old rooms would be chilly without fires : and, though we do not get near it, but sit about the windows, it is pleasant to look at it sometimes. It is nine o'clock now, and over the woods the moon is rising —I can fancy the track of trembling glory she is throwing across the sea, and how beautiful it looks from the cliffs over Horse-shoe Bay. I wonder what Alice and Judith are doing, and whether Ludlow is with them. I have begun to think a great deal of Ludlow Gresson. I find myself musing about him very often, and I also find that my musings are much the pleasantest occupation I have found since I came to the farm. Whether they will prove to be profitable or very much the reverse remains to be seen. When I am in his actual company, I don't care nearly so much about him as I do when he is absent, nor does he trouble himself about me apparently. Only on that one day in the yacht had he seemed to thoroughly. take in at least the fact of s my presence ; but I think that one shadow of flirtations—if it could be 'called even a shadow—has made me wish for the reality more than ever. Why should not Ludlow and I amuse ourselves by playing at lovemaking as well as Miss Fleming and her sailor ? Why indeed, except that Mr Gresson does not choose to " make a foot of himself,' as he once more than hinted, or let me make a fool of him, as he probably meant me to understand ? While the moon rises now over the dark woods, and Lady Cecil tells me of moonlit sledge-rides at Bucharest, of Russian drivers dressed in black or azure velvet, trimmed with the most beautiful furs, of sledges lined with velvet and houses caparisoned with velvet and gold and silver embroidery, of the rapid rush over the glittering snow, I am thinking of three people drinking out of tin mugs on the deck of a little yacht, of a stupendous frowning hill throwing a deep green shadow on the water, and of a pair of dark blue eyes and a sunburnt face which Lady Ceoil Pierrepont does not know. ' I suppose Lions will be back to- morrow,' ' Mrs Liddel remarks at tea time. ' He did not intend to remain over a week in London.' ' He said something about a week,' Lady Cecil says indifferently, playing with her tea-spoon. Gwilt hus carried in the antique brass candelabra and lighted the wax-candles, and I look at Lady Cecil with some curiosity. But it would take a keener student of human nature than Eileen Desmonde to read that pale inscrutable face. Whatever Lady Cecil Pierrepont chooses to hold in the chambers of her silent soul she will hold there in spite of my childish attempt to discover it. She will not betray herself by allowing her complexion to alter like a school-girl's at the mere mention of a name. Just one little clue she gave me, and that was the vary indifference of her tone when she spoke of her cousin. Trifles light as air are sometimes confirmation strong, and those few words thus spoken go far towards contradicting the studied impassiveness of her face. After ten we read till bed-time, Mrs Liddel finding some late numbers of Temple Bar for me, and Lady Cecil amusing herself with an old book of manuscript poetry compiled by some dend-and-gone lady of the house of Liddel who had a fancy that way. It is rather dull, but I am so glad to hear that Mr Liddel is coming back again that I manage to endure the dulness. Not that in all probability he will bestow much attention upon me ; but that I did not expect. His cousin is exactly the kind of woman I fancied he would like—clever, fascinating, intellectual, plain—if it ever attracted a man would attract him for over—a woman in whose society a man would never feel bored. But oven if I am compelled to play daisypicker again here, it will be more fun than reading odd numbers of ' Temple Bar ' ; and who knows what valuable hints in the art of fascination I might pick up from watching Lady Cecil Pierrepont ? If every attitude she takes is a study, if every turn of her head is an art, how much more are her words and phases and the subtle inflections of her aristocratic voice ? Beside her I feel a half-taught and scarcely half- disciplined schoolgirl, loud-voiced, awkward, without a word to say for myself. After a while this morbid distrust of myself wears off ; but I am afraid I do not put on mauh of Lady OCcil Pierrepont's exquisite savoir faire. 