BROADBRIM'S GREATER KEW YORK LETTER. "I Imvc supped''full of ii'ji'fji'-s."—*Slirtkc j tpcju-e. ^ * " to niiivVVrom! which' there was no cscapci 'lie wus^boutjo give up the ghost. Desolation; and misery everywhere, sorrow and tears uni versal. From the parched and burning plains -ol".India a cry is heard from starving mil lions who dailv ar.d lion fly sink by the wav siile on ail of her great thoroughfares, dead ly witaes-es of thai, terrible calamity t'i>r• which t!s*-»r«; is 110 prospect of si lu.ase, ..r .security, but death: the greatest boon, the most supreme blessing Unit God in His nicjvy has granted to the. ( liildrcn of men. Among 1 lie ragged mountains-and over the airxl. veidts of .cioulh .Africa Britons and Ji.yi.-rs are locked in- file embrace of death, ami now .when mar<ial law ox! iu^uubes (lie hvst hope of the rude Uoer to a .'-cparafe and imicpemii-i'l republic, ocery loot of which he dyed with the blood of the uu t.-ft'oiidiny native population; now that he is driven forth, hopeless and homeless, i.o iind a'shulter wherever heaven directs, let us ask ourselves if life battlefields 0:1 whicii he fought. and tile la ml which ha cnrscci by his shocking massacre, barbarity and oppres-: hiou c,l the rightful owners of the soil, were worth bud? cosily eo;i.->ecra(ion. b'nder the shadow of the great (.'hr.-ese wall a polyglot army, is gathered, such as the world finth not seen since a barefoot nioiik roused the Christian worid to battle lor the sepulchre of Ch-ist an;l win it lrou Ihe Dominion of 5a.raee:i. Tlie iiiiai se-: tlemeul of the Chinese question which now confronts the allied armies, msidc and out ride of Peking, will not be known till the prince and king pin of Oriental lii-.rs. i.i Mimif Chang, has handed in ills line.! report, •ratlscifd from the lJowa.ger-IOmpve:.v. at her iiv-by-nijvht court, and which conl.i.s on the great J.i—r Jill T1 ■ • right",. 111'.::' .m l privi leges which the. yellow button carries with it. If a. ivid bou i-lide settlement is reached on t!ie pre.v. ;!)• iiii-et! led fonadaiioi;, ii .mi^lit. b . -,visdo!!i 11'r Yankee j)oo;i'e io keep bin went lie" '.ye opsn e.rd eo;isia!it:y on the watch for i;s wily 1 h: Orr'iitai • ti)jlrt, who had evi'.'e ntly studied Talk} rand's dc ilinitioo of language. "Language." ;;aid the great JPrunrinnau. "is. a system invented by men for the purpose of concealing their thoughts/' Jiul, hiuigiii ,as ou? icrifiyn ;u 1'iiirs arc with ditto u!ty and danger, they are lost sight of lis'we begin to rratiKu the Icar i'ul ex'-nit - of tin; (ir.'.uli'ul '.'lil-iiiiily which swept !roiii t.iu isiee of the. earth Ualvcaion. the beautiful Queen oi' the Gulf of Jlt-xie-.i. which seemed ceiiaiu, in a few years, to rnni'j the •;'.'la! ooninieieia! depot o: the '.^; tivaie .'-ouUiern Stales, the poiu; lnni which Kuropc v.-as evenuialiy io d'.'r.v;: her i in polls ■ i' eo'ien, lumber, eoru. M'.gar, t>> bare's ami otiier arliehs of export \vhic;i F.uropo so needs and the t;outh raise.; in such abundance. Only a few hours before the destroying angel passed over her happy homes, no more prosperous eity could be found in all the South. IVae.'. plenty. and happine.-s were the rule, pover'y and misery the exception. The fitix-'.':!s. happy and < o;i tcai, 'iav outside their houses, having a Irieudly ehal: wiili their liti<^'i.l>.>r-=. w.th 110 thaiight. of coming danger. Suddenly the v-'iiui begin* to rise, and every moment it increase.-; in volume. an:l ihese that were sitting 011 their doursUp-;, or were talking their neigiib :>•? while slniHii'.ig on {'lie street, found it cou vee.knt to seek shelter in 'heir hel's..; to avoid ihe fury of Hie .slonn. Wiicrever the l.ierehig blast struck t harp gables, or collections of telegraph wires, it awakened nutauiiy noises; it shriehed ami howled in frightful and inharmonious discord that hi r flldcd Die wrath to c-ome. Out i:i I lie Gulf the storm, in its mad fury, bad lashed the .'Hctliing waters into a milk-white foam, which it caught up and lifted to the clouds and then, with the v.iid cry of a thousand Juries, leaped forward and dashed a mighty wave 011 the devoted city. The lien Is ke.d triumphed; under the boiiiijg whirlpool were bnrie-l thousands of dea.l, who will answer 1:0 reveille till the Archangel's trim:j>. When the news of this Knible disas'er first; reached us the dead were r-vkoned by hundreds, and" Ihe. financial loss bv hundreds of thousands. 13}- noon 01 the next day th» deutli roll w:i« feanuiiy multiplied. Thou sands of hearthstones were de.-oiaied, and the roll of the dead was so vast that the ei.umerators, in despair, gave up. ihe coinit i Till' island on which Galveston stands is but ;i few feet above (lie level f.l' (lie ocene. which surrounds it. and the (ie.-l!'■ ■yiii:;' wa\r which swept over it buried tin- city many feet beneath tin1" fret:!ihi<; waters. Houses loiiansed on every side, burying tilt' dwellers Iseneutli the. ruius. sdirk'ks oi' <lvs|utir and cries for aid were heard. on every hand, i>ul llioy fell on the ears oi those who were 1hom -.selvcs in cu-j'iiy ^icril and I'ucinj; certain 'death. which t|iiiok!y tame to (heir rebel'. How many perished in thai terrible storm "will probably never be known. But f>■<>ill out. of ihe son'mv and gloom < f this sad s'ovy 'nine's a bright streak oi hops' am! light and charity. l'ronc to evil as ilic sparks fly upward, this is not such a bad world after nil. Xo sooner had the tele graph announced the uread story of destruc tion than ehibs were formed, money, iiiedi iines and provisions filling railroad" trains rnd .st'.'ainship.H were hiirryiny i<i the scene of di strui'tion. Whatever mortal man could do lo aid Ihe suffering or ilelj) Ihe needy was done in that bread and generous '.nanner. ihe knowledge of which honors ir<tmai;i'y. 111 < matter what its creed. c< ;i;'pi''xiua or d" gieo. I he (juration which is now under consider:*- j linn in tile ^rcat commercial city <»i Texan ! is whether a new < lalveston shall arisv* nvrr : 1 In* ashes i.f the ni(K It would seem !?Ice ! It-mptii.jj Providence 'o rai-e a ncv.- eilv over 1 he dead ie.- of the nasi. :i;k] yet it lililfhl ho well Ik iv^r-nihr'- tha! trite old ;i<i:i^r thai li;/hi nimr seldom «-•».} ik-:-s t wice in i'ne sa'ne place. and calamities like ?Iiiit which .••wepi (Jalv\\-t».n f i'i.* a tin1 ia'-e ii' I hi' >'i)th only ncriii' i.ih'f* or -wice in a thoiva^d years. Oi' one tiling 'Icxa^ may -v^t assured. that ait! v.ili nol h'' refused as lonif as i:- v."ill i'tn'lvd. And whether they huihl «>;i the ruins or seek nii<«tIi<••• si'.e i\ r the new (»al \ est<'. they will have tin.* (5. .dspceds «;!' tlK'ir IVlUiw countrymen and the rij/ht- ha-id of fellowship. The week whieh has jii.-.t passed ha* hecr marked hy three or tear eventful and plmno iia ual tragedies. 'Scarcely two weeks ago a man and woman took a room at a premitx nt hotel on Hroadv-ay. In the morning the chambermaid knocked at the door. I'oeeiv ir.o- no uply she informed tho. landlord; the door wa* opened; t ho woman lay dead on i jir» bed {V.mI tho .man dead on the floor. It seemed as it' ii mi^ht ho a nine days' wonder, but; the man proved to be the ne'er do well .son *>f one of the most fashionable ladies in tho land, hut as for the woman—(vul help her—let her rest. Xcw fork has many .sirs to answer tor. She would have her hinds full and her character s:nnrch°d had she nothing to do except to take rare of her own wicked i'am.ily. ihit in all t!ie j-toc.I sen.-a lional crimes which furnish our lai"i;e news papers with their daily bread, tho principal actors come from the country. ai:d the city has to answer for t-heir sins. week a suicide and. almost a murder took place at a small hotel iu Urouklyn, which would have furuisln-d Sbseu with a iV-undatinn oi an other story like those which in the last 5ew r-easons luive turned the heads of the play ^•n.'-rs oi" Iv/edos:. The ehaiY.-'rers in this smivwful play are above the average id ordi nary life—one is the son of a reput-aMe cl'.r^ymau, and the other a beamil'ul wur.^ woman, r.ot 'inlike thousands of others who form the Rotsam and jetsam of oar city life. The two charaeteis are phot-.i^raphed in one half of our yellow literature. They heein in innerenec, in di::< tune they /each crime. a:al in tlie i:f 1 h act the curtain lin^s dtr.vii cm deaUi. The woman in the 0.15.0 is ymnijf. V'an'. i ful. intelligent, educated tip to the highest, point of her into!Ic-ctiial ahirty; who has a. keen sonse of right and- v.-rony, who. ni her last moments. facing death with a lAihniiess and resolution of a stoic, .with the positive evidence of impurity upon -her, in lior dying moment seems to prize iicr purity of character more than she laments her np'proaehiog death. in licr iirsfc appearance on. any susge• #c find her as the child of a poor mother who fools unable to support. Iior oit'sjji'i-iir- 01 ho." lV-ther wo know nothing'; he mijjht have die;!, or lit' ini^lil have deserted her, but tins much wo knew—the mother succeeded ii! tindiu<; a rich lady with no daughter of her own, al though she was tin? mother of so vera 1 soil/*, who took the child to her heart, reared hot and loved her as if she wore ii.uc.Mi her own; gave her the host, education that money ooi.lj procure. T.n time she became ail accom plished musician and was loved by all who knew her. As the years of her girlhood rolled swiUly by, at, twenty years of aire, she was one of the most pronounced and accomplished beau ties of the sot ill which she moved. When at the age of sixteen she met the. matt-who this week committed murder and attempted sm X'ide for her sake,' The whole: story'Riifppsocs. the wildest sensation of- the week. ; • , Consider ;the6c\ three pictures. •'•The' -'story as told1 by'the'survivor is'as'foilc.wk':.—Tlicy are each desperately in love with 'he other, and for 110 apparent, reason they ayroo to die logo! her a Siix-f-'hootor-and a bottle of rar .bolie aciil are dep.'-hdiVI on to porfoit the work. The revolver is oxnectod to accom plish the ;fi-:sassijiation ami sur'iile. but should the six-:-hoo.t:T fail, the aciil is relied on to finish the business. It is arranged that Use youioj m ": -hon) 1 do the shoo'iia;;. lie was to sh"ol U.-e'yuKi!" wonuMi first. and then.' v.-iUioi:l the ha.< possible delay, to kill himself. To make sure that nothing should impede the bullet's course, the- young woman removes . liPr cor sets, the lover places the pistol against the broast of his beloved and fires, but docs not kill her. Be then places the mimle of the pistol in his own mouth and fires. ' The last shot is a success, and the world has one fool less to answer for. The woman, feeling that •she is--not*dead,- dresses -herself, makes a B /line for her home, not many blocks away, '■goes straight to bed. When finding the pain -intolerable,- she - informs--- her - friends, the family physician is immediately summoned, the Wuiiiau removed'-i<> the. hospital, where she lies awaiting the return of health or a _cif! oner's inquest. ' - ■ ' ;\Ve are .sadly raliljr! in' our polit.es. Each r!" Die leaders believes that; he will succeed. "\>\v York j > the pivotal stale. Uoss Croker is in the saddle, and' there lie -.proposes to slick until the November.ides.' ' ; 