THE CRITERION. The recent lectures of Professor M'Callum on Shakespere's greatest play have revived an inter est among maay studente of 'Hamlet'— an inter est which was manifested on E'riday evening at the Criterion Theatre, when Mr. Alfred Dampier ap peared as the Prince. There was a crowded house, and Mr. Dampier was several. timee recalled. His creation of the part is familiar to. many playgoers. K'is natural, scholarly, and polished. Mr. Dam pier is not a copyist; his methods are too well esta Wi^ied to permit of Ihim adopting the readings of modern historians. He was content to accept 4he text a«s it is rather than interpolate what it is con «£dered that certain passages suggest, and which frequently bother students who witness the play for the purpose of helping them study. Mr. Dam mar's 'Hamlet' is always educational. It helps one to appreciate, admire, and .get a closer ac quaintanceship with the subtle mind, the nobility of character, and the depth of soul of the moody Dane whose 'antic disposition' has puzzled the whole of the thinking world. An innovation was noticeable in the platform scene, where snow was introduced, with a view of giving effect to the picture, and the audience were also made aware of a cathedral near the battlements, from which a choir of voices was (heard. Mr. Dampier, taking advantage of the flood of light which came from fte open doorway, apostrophised the ghost, which was admirably played by Mr. Edmund Holloway, and wiho, it may be remarked, has appeared in the part oftener than any other actor in. Australia. \- 'Mr. Dampier, instead of leaving the stage, as others who have appeared in the character, entered the cathedral, this having been suggested probably by the passage: 'Ae for me, look you, I'll go pray.' Laertes found an able exponent in Mr. Alfred Bolfe; and Miss Rose Dampier, as Ophelia, capa bly filled the requirements -of the part. Horatio was admirably portrayed by Mr. W. Howard Smith. Mr. John Forde's Pcdonius lacked humor where humor was suggested, and the actor was a trifle monotonous in his advice to his son. The other characters helped to make an interesting picture of the play. . 'The Green Lanes of England,' Henry Pet titt's popular drama, is Mr. Dampier's latest production at the Criterion Theatre, and he is to be congratulated upon the manner 'in which it was staged and played on Saturday night-. The production was extremely enjoyable, and the large audience frequently displayed appro bation and pleasure. The drama is, as the play bill informs us, a picture of English rural life, and in the gTeen lanes the ''primal nassions' of love and hate beat as strongly as in the crowded cities. It is the old story that is 'told in this always acceptable play, the story which rules the world, and makes the foundation .for every melodrama, the tale of the unsmooth path of love. It is a piay that by the depth and incision of . its clear-cut ' touches ? of natura makes the audience . ? kin with the characters, and especially is ? this the car^e when, as in the production at the Criterion, the performance is dominated by the sympathy and all-round suitability of the -actors with the characters they depict. No relation of the plot is necessary with so well known a play. But it is due to Mr.. -Dampier's enterprise to state that it is produced by him with admirable taste and effect. Probably Mr. Dam pier himself, in his long . list of stage portraits, has no more effective and congenial part than that of Gentleman George, the fallen thoroughbred English gentleman. 'When he's, sober you might |take him for one of- ( us,' say .-Iiis .comrades of 'tha fancy;*? 'but when ?he's got liquor in him, he 'talks' like a reg'lar gentleman.' Mr.' Dampier never forgets the double part he is playing, and the result ie a ?very skilful character study. His recital in the second act of 'The Charge of the Light Brigade' enabled him to supply the audience %ith a strik ing exhibiton of elocution. Miss Lily Dampier, as Margaret Wheatstone^ the much. ' persecuted heroine, did remarkably good work, and in her dramatic scene with her father, Farmer Wheat stone (admirably portrayed by Mr. Edmund Hol loway), in the old Sluice House, slie was vigorous Indeed. Mr. Alfred Rolfe, as Captain Frank Sel by, was an acceptable hero, and a' capital villain study was given by Mr. Benson North as Clement Flint, the blackmailer. Among: the others may be specially mentioned Mr. John Forde {Bill the Slogger), Mr. Howard Smithy Miss Rose Dampier, Miss Blanche Clements, and Miss Ida Buller. The scenery, by 'Alta' and Mr. John Campbell, sup plies some excellent pictures of country life in Ungland. 