Haunted Hampton. HISTORIC GHOSTS AT THE PALACE. THAT Hampton Court Palace is ro" puted to be hauntod ia by no means the least of its many and undoubted attractions,' and within the last few days ; some consternation has been caused by the apparition of a spectral hand moving ovor tho old Flemish tapestries in the Guard Chamber. An artist from tho South Kensing ton Museum, who has until lately been engaged in copying tho old tapestries, asserts that a ghostly hand-that of a woman, wearing, among others, a beautiful marquise ring-frequently appeared hovering over tho tapestry, so unnerving him that ho has dis continued his work. It is generally supposed in the Palace that it is the hand of Catherine Howard, whose ghost has long been supposed to haunt tho galleries. Catherine Howard seems to be rather troublesome, for not only does she appear, but shrieks wildly through the old mysterious " Haunted Gal lery." It was here that she escaped from her chamber when imprisoned there before being sent to the Tower, arid; ran along to seek an interview with Honry "VIII.. who was hearing Mass in the chapel.' Just as she reached the door tho guards seized her and carried her back, while her ruth less husband, in spite of her piercing screams, which' were heard almost all ovor the palace, continued his de votions unmoved. ' And in . this gal lery a female form dressed in white has been seen coming towards tho lloyal pew, and just as she reaches it hurrios back with a look of despair, uttering unearthly shrieks till she passes through the door at the end of the gallery. The gallery is now tho lumbor-room for old pioturos, and as thejstaircase is locked tip the voice of tlio. shriokirig Queen is but rarely heard: , > Another of Henry's wives, Jane Seymour, also haunts tho old-world rooms; a spoctre has hcen soon to omergo from the doorway in tho Queen's old apartments, and wander about with a lighted taper in her hand on tho stairs, and in tho neighboring Silvorstick Gallory. Another and better-known Hamp ton Court ghost, tho accounts of whoso appoaranco aro much more dofinito and circumstantial than aro usually forthcoming in such cases, is that of Mistreaa Sibell Penn, who, in October, 1538-exaotly a yoar aftor Jane Sey mour's doath-became foster mother to the young princo Edward. Sho died at .Hampton Court in 1562, and was buried in Hampton Church, which was pulled down in 1829, and Mistross Ponn's tomb was irreverent- ( ly disturbed and her remains scattered, although one account states that the body had previously been romoved. But wlionever the desecration oc curred, cortain it is-so the story goes-that immediately after the shift ing of Miotress Ponn's monument strango noises, as of a woman working at a spinning-wheel, and muttering the while,, wore heard through the wall of ono of the rooms in the lurgo apartment in the south-west wing of the Palace. When soarch was inado by tho Board of Works in the direc tion whonce these mysterious sounds proceeded, an ancient, and until then unknown, chambor was discovered, in which an antiquo spinning wheel was found, and the old oak planks were seen to be worn away whero tho treadle struck tho floor. Tho idoa broached at the timo was that, on account of the desecration of tho tomb, har spirit had returned to haunt tho rooms she had occupied during lifo. No further manifestations were noticed until a few years ago, when tho phenomena were renewed, and havesince become increasingly frequent and startling. The low whirr of an unseen spinning-wheel, the weird: mut terings of a sepulchral voice, and the stealthy tread of invisiblo feot have been hoard by many; and it is further alKi-med that Mistress Ponn's tall gaunt form, drossed in a long grey robo, with a hood over her head, and long hands stretched out before lior, has boon seen in the haunted chamber. This v supernatural visitation was ren. dored the more impressive from tho narrator being a rccent arrival at tho Palaco, and ignorant of the legend. The judgment of even tho most sceptical has been shaken by Mistross Sibell's vagaries, and she may cortainly claim to rank among tho best authen ticated of historicalghosts.-"Morning Leader." , 