THE TOMB OF JESUS. (By the late Rev. C. H. SPURGEON, Easter Morning) "Come, see the plane where the Lord lay Matthew xxviii. 6 Every circumstance connected with the life of Christ is deeply interesting to the Christian. Wherever we behold our Saviour, He is well worthy of our notice All His weary pilgrimage, from Bethle- hen's manger to Calvary s cross, is in our eyes, paved with glory. Each spot upon which he trod is to our souls consecrated at once, simply because there the foot of earth's Saviour and our own Redeemer once was placed. When He comes to Calvary, the interest thickens then our best thoughts are centred on Hun in the agonies of crucifixion, nor does our deep affection permit us to leave him, even when, the struggle being over, He yields up the ghost. His body, when it is taken down from the tree, still is lovely in our eyes we fondly linger around the motion loss clay, By faith we discern Joseph of Arimathea, and the timid Nicodemus, assisted by those holy women, drawing out the nails and taking down the mangled body, we behold them wrapping Him in clean white linen, hastily girling Him round with belts of spices, then putting [ Him in His tomb, and departing for the Sabbath rest. We shall on this occasion go where Mary went on the morning of the first day of the week, when, waking from her couch before the dawn, site aroused herself to be early at the sepulchre of Jesus. We will try if it be pos- sible, by the help of God's Spirit, to go as she did not in body, but an hour We will stand at that time, we will ox landing it, and we trust we shall hear some truth speaking voice coming from its hollow bosom which will comfort and instruct us, so that we may say of the grave of Jesus when we go away, "It was none other than the gate of heaven a sacred place, deeply solemn, and sanctified by the slain body of our precious Saviour Let us stand here, believer, and ask why Jesus had such a costly sepulchre. He had no elegant garments, he wore a coat without seam, woven from the ton throughout without an atom of embroidery. He owned no sumptuous palace, for He had not where to lay His head His sandals were not rich with gold, or studded with brilliants. He was poor Why, then, does He lie in a noble grave of We answer for this reason Christ was unhonoured till He had finished His sufferings Christ's body suffered contumely, shame, spitting, buffeting, and reproach, until He had completed His great work, He was trampled under foot, He was despised and rejected of men, a Man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief, " but the moment He had finished His undertaking, God said, "No more shall that boa) be disgraced, if it is to sleep, let it slumber man honourable grave, if it is to rest, let nobles bury it, let Joseph, the councillor, and Nicodemus, the man of the Sanhedrin, be present at the funeral, let the badly be embalmed with precious spices, let it have honour, it has had enough of contumely, and shame, and reproach, and buffeting , let it now be treated with respect." Christian, lost their discern the meaning r Jesus, after He had finished His work, slept in a costly grave, for now His Father loved and honoured him, since His work was done. But though it is a costly grave, it is a borrowed one I see over the top of it, "Sacred to the memory of the family of Joseph of Arimathea", yet Jesus slept there. Yes, He was buried in another's sepulchre. The who had no house of His own, and rested in the habit tation of other men, who had no table, but lived upon the hospitality of His disciples, who borrowed boats in which to preach, and had not anything in the wide world was obliged to have a tomb | from charity Oh' should not the poor take courage 1 They dread to be buried at the expense of their neighbours, but if their poverty be unavoidable, why should they blush, Since J club Himself was interred in another's grnvcPAli1 I wish I might have had Joseph's grave, to let Jesus be buried in it 'The grave, we I observe, was cut in a rock. why was this? The Rock of Ages was buried in a rook-a Rock within a rock. But why? Most persons suggest that it was so ordained that it might be clear that there was no covert way by which the disciples or others could enter and steal the body away- Very possibly it was the reason ; but, oh! my soul, canst thou not find a spiritual reason of Christ's sepulchre was cut in a rock It was not cut in mould that might be worn away by the water, or might crumble and fall into decay. The sepulchre stands, I believe, entire to this day; if it does not naturally, it does spiritually. The same sepulchre which I took the reins of Paul, shall take my in- equities; tor if I ever lose my guilt, it I must roll off my shoulders into the sepulchre. It was cut in a rock, so that if a sinner were Bared a thousand years ago, I too can be delivered, for it is a rocky sepulchre where Bin was buried-it was a rocky sepulchre, of marble where my crimes were laid for ever buried never to have a resurrection. Do you notice the grave clothes, all wrapped and laid in their places, the napkin being folded up by itself ? Wherefore are the grave clothes wrapped up? The Jews said robbers had abstracted the body; but if so, surely they would have stolen the clothes; they would never have thought of wrapping them up and laying them down so carefully; they would be too much in haste to think of it. Why was it, then? To manifest to us that, Christ did not come out in a hurried manner. He slept till the last moment; then He awoke; He I came not in haste. They shall not come out in haste, neither by flight, but at the appointed moment shall dim people come to Him. So, at the precise hour, the decreed instant, Jesus Christ leisurely awoke, took off His cerements, and came forth in His pure and asked innocence; perhaps to show us that as clothes are the offspring of sin, when she was atoned for by Christ He left all raiment behind Him for garments are the badges of guilt; if we had not been guilty, we should never have needed them. Then, the . napkin, mark you, was laid by itself. The grave clothes were left behind for every departed Christian' to wear. But the nap-, kin was laid by itself, because, the Christian when he dies, does not need that it is used by the mourners, and the mourners only. Do our ascended brethren-and sisters use it? No; the Lord God hath wiped away all tears from their eyes. We stand and view the corpses of the dear departed; we moisten their faces with our tears, letting whole showers of grief fall on their, heads; but do they weep? Oh, no. Could they speak to us from the upper spheres they would say, I "Weep not for me, for I am glorified I Sorrow not for me; I have left a bad world behind me, and have entered into a far better." Now, I would bid you stand and see the place where the Lord lay, with emotions of deep sorrow. Oh, come, my beloved brother, thy Jesus once lay there. He was murdered, and then the murderer. I slew Him - this right hand, struck the dagger to His heart. My deeds slew Christ. Alas I Islew my Best Beloved; I killed Him who loved me with an everlasting love. Ye eyes, why do we refuse to weep when we see Jcbub's body mangled and torn? Oh! give vent to your sorrow, Christians, for ye have good reason to do so. I believe in what Hart says, that there was a time in his experience when he could be sympathise with Christ that he felt -more grief- at the death of Christ than' he did joy. It seemed so sad a thing that, Christ should have to die;, and to me it often appears too great a price, for Jesus Christ to purchase worms with His own blood. Iii seems too costly for Him who is the Prince of life and glory to let His fair limbs be tortured in agony; that the hands which carried mercies should be pierced with a accursed. nails ; that the temples that were always clothed with love should have cruel thorns driven through them. It appears too much. Oh I weep. Christian, and let your sorrow rite. is not the price all but too great, that your Beloved should for you resign Himself? Oh! I should think if a person were saved from death by another, he would always feel deep grief, of his de- livered lost his life in the attempt. Now, Christian, change the note a moment. "Come, see the place where the Lord lays' with joy and gladness. He does, not lie there now. Weep when ye see the tomb of I Christ, but rejoice because it is empty. Thy sin slew Him, but His., Divinity raised Him up. Thy guilt hath murdered Him, but His righteousness . hath restored Him. Oh! He hath burst bonds of death ; He hath anger the cere- ments of the tomb, and hath come out more than conqueror, crushing death beneath His feet. Rejoice Christian, for He is not there - He is risen, "Come, see the place where the Lord lay." Sin near, I want thee to look at Christ's sepulchre too, for when thou didst it may have done thee great good to think of it. "Come, see the place where the Lord lay," to learn a doctrine or two. What did you see when you visited the place where the Lord day"? "He is not here: for He is risen." The first thing you perceive, if you stand by His empty tomb is His Divinity. The dead in Christ shall rise first at the resurrection ; but He who rose first rose in a different fashion. They rise by imparted power. He rose by His own,- He could not slumber, in the grave, because He was God. Death had no more dominion over Him. There is no better proof of Christ's divinity than that startling, resurrection of His, when He rose from the grave by the glory of the Father: , ? 