THE BUSHMEN'S CORPS have boon lucky enough to have proeented to them a supply of A preparation known as Collyriom. This is u lotion which export onco bus provod to be most successful in the treatmont of Optholmia or Australian blight, and it is in universal use in 8outb and West Australia where the local conditions in the country districts as regards dust, heat and flics aro very similar to those existing in South Africa. This valuable preparation is a concentratcd eye lotion und a few drops of it added to lake warm water gives im mediate relief in the most serious eases, and by daily increasing its strength a rapid cure of tho moat virulent opthalmia or other af fectioua of tho eyo is assured. Ifc is obtain ftblo from all chemists and storekeepers. Price ono shilling* per bottle, F. H. Fuuld* ing & Co., Solo Proprietors, 16 O'Conuell Streob, Sydney. # Tako x-tho unknown quantity-away from Boxer, and you havo Boer. Payablo gold wash has been discovered On tho sea beach near Moruya. Lieut.?Gonoral Baden.Powell has been appointed Chief of the Transvaal Polico. Two mon, while raising mesial at the Burra, 8.A., mines on Wednesday, mi earthed 100 youncr snakes * The crops throughout Victoria arc look ing woll, and tho yield of cereals is oxpect cd to bo cxcollent. Four bookmakers wore arrested in tho streets at flrokon»htll on Saturday, and charged with vagrancy. Jatnos Page, of Barcaldino, is mentioned jir a Fodoral Labor candidate for tho Watrogo, A hundred thousand shoep havo been nhorn and tho'wool pressed in ono month at Killarnoy station, Narrabri. " A splendid ear, but a poor voice," tho absent-minded professor of muic observed to tho donkoy. It is proposed to signaliso the evont of tho now contnry by raising money to pay off tho indebtedness of all tho metropolitan hospitals. On the 10th July, at Dawson city, A1aa« ka. Frank P. Slavin knocked out Hill Jen* kins in tho 14th round. Slarin, it is said, is showing much of bis old time form. Ifc is stated in the English Press that tho firet Governor-Gonornl, Lord ITopetoun, intenda bringing a oouplo of Euglisk-mado motor cars out to Australia with him. Is this a healthy town ? inquired tho man who was in aoareh of a healthy climate. Healthy! echoed tho land agent. Why, man, tho only uudortaknp had to blow out tho gas to glvo him&otf; a job. The TJpper House, after lengthy discus slon, pnsaod tho second reading of tho Oobar "WHcanuia Railway Bill on the casting vote of tho President, Tho measuro was tnlcon through committoo with an amendment ro duoinjz tho estimated oost by £100,000. At St, Louis, Amcrioa, Mr. Lon Bates sued his wife, a sooioty damo, for divorce, on the grounds that aho had repeatedly misconducted horaelf with tho ghost of tho lato Mr. Floronco, a popular aotor twenty years ago, nbd was ongaged to marry him in tho next world. You nover aeo Monlo Carlo roforrod to in any of tho newspapers of the South of Franco, excopt when somobody has won a largo aura of monoy at tho table. Thowe papora are bribed to insert roporta of big gains by tho players, and to keep out nowo of big losses. Tho suicides aro also not re ported for tho samo reason. A man who was urrcstod in Sydney last week by Peloctivcs Rooho and Brown had In his posaenaion an imitation of a bank nolo /or £f>0, Upon examination, it way found that tho signatures, which wcro In the usual almost indeciphorablo scrawl, were " Billy Bobby" (mgr.) and "Jimmy Governor" (aeofc.) ONCE tiued, ALWAYS USED.-Colcnmno'g Kuoalypto Extract for cough*, colds, in* fiuonza, fevors, eto', Colemauo's Eucalyptis loaonges for bad breath and all nflfcclions of tho throat, Colemnno's ICucalypto Special Oil for gout, rhoumatiem, epraiue, otc. In sist on CoLKMAtiB'e, don't be gulled by choap imitations. * For several months of tho year Pekm u, so oold that milk froexos in tho houses, and a glass of whisky and w.itor becomes solid ice. Far threo months in tho year, at h-ast, TientHtou ia ioo hound. In Pokin tho Chi noHo livo practically in wadding, and sleep on hot ovens. Tho cold cornea from Ihe lluseiau stoppos. 