TIlE MAJOR'S LUCK. -9-t- It was a dull, autumn afternoon, and I was drowsing over the "Army and Na vy" in the deserted ante-room, when Major Talbot Champneys Byng (common ly known as "Tommy" Byng) entered hur riedly, wearing the battered expression of a man who has been to Blackpool. He strode-I should say tittupped, for he was a little man with short. fat lega- to the bell. and rang it violently. "A large brandy and a small soda, please," he commanded, and then began to fuss up and down the,room, kicking unoffend ing chairs and stools out of the way. "Hullo. Tommy," I cried, waking up. "what's the matter --just met your tailor?" Tommy gulped down his peg, ordered another. and 3umped into a chair before replying. "Jack, old man," he said mopping his round, chubby face, 'Tm in a deuce of a mess I" "Oh, Tommy!" I said, reproachfully, "at your age, too; Pm ashamed of you !" "Oh, don't be a silly ass," he snapped, testily; "I don't know what you mean. Look here, you know Miss Mangles ?" "Yes," I assented, growing very inter ested, for Miss Mangles had made a con siderable impression on my none too sus ceptible heart. "Well," continued Tommy. "as I only have a year to go for pension. I have been thinking of getting married, and I--er thought of that Miss Mangles-- "The dickens you did!" I ejaculated, annoyed at the idea of an old fogey like Tommy (he was quite five years my se nior) pretending to a young, pretty girl like Violet-er--Miss Mangles Tommy was far too much engrossed with his tale to heed my interruption, and he went on rapidly : "I went down to Lucknow Lodge this afternoon, and - "Popned and were refused. Well, well, old chap. cheer up; you never were cut out for domestic bliss, you know," I said, secretly relieved. "Not a bit," said Tommy. "' wish you wouldn't interrupt." I apologised, and he resumed. 'I am rather old-fashioned in these matters, and I considered that it would be more in keeping with propriety if I first obtained the mother's consent be fore approaching the daughter. As I was sayinIr. I went down this afternoon, saw Mrs. Mangles by appointment, anl-- Tommy paused, shifted about in his chair, took a drink, and finally said un easily• e"I-I-er-look here, Jack, you won't laugh, will you?" "Not the ghost of a cachiana:iin," I asseverated solemnly. "What did the Sergeant-Major say-bit snorty, eh?P" "The SergeantMajor," I may explain, was the irrelevant term by which Mrs. Mangles, the widow of a distinguished Indian officer, was known to all and sun dry in our small garrison society. "Er-I--she--Mrs. Mangles. that is oh. dash it1" spluttered Tommy. "she thought I was proposing to her-and, oh, Lord, she accepted me!" Here Tommy gave vent to amost dolor ous howl, and I, despite my promise, went off into roars of laughter as a vision of the Sergeant-Major. tall, Iron-Duke feat ured, and domineering, embracing our dear, good, fat little Major flashed across my mind. "Oh, it's funny, isn't it?" growled Tommy, regarding me with great disfa vour. "Well, what happened?" I queried af ter a pause. "Happened?" he repeated savagely, "nothing happened. I bolted out of the house as fast as I decently could. Proba bly she took it for excess of joy," he add ed bitterly. "What are you going to do then?" I said. shakin?with laugter at the sight of his wrathful face. "Do?" he snorted. "do? What's the use of asking silly questions? What the devil can I do?" "You might write a polite explanatory note," I was suggesting, when he bounced up and regarded me fixedly through his eyeglass. "Jack," he said intensely, "I may be an ass, even an abyssmal ass but if you imagine for one-tenth nart of a second that I am going to tell her she was mis taken-well, you can jolly well tell her yourself, that's all," and he plumped down again, and sat fuming and glower ing. I wasn't undertaking any ambassa dorial functions, and said so frankly. "But what are you going to do " I per sisted; "marry her:" "I suppose so," he replied, shortly .~'and by the ay, Jack," he added, wi?n a touch of that good feeling which always distinguished him, "as that's the case I don't know that I ought to have told you anything. However, you won't give it away, will you?" "Not a whisper," I said, seriously. "and let me offer you my heartiest congratula tions. old chap." Tommy winced, but answered firmly. "Thanks, old friend, let us have a drink !" That evening at mess the "bubbly" wine came round with "Major Byng's compliments, sir," and in due course Tommy struggled to his feet, very red in the face. "Gentlemen," he said in a strangled voice, "I have the honour to announce my engagement with Mrs. Manglesl" except to me, it was lyddite; but after the first moment of stupified astonish ment, we rose and cheered, and drank their healths, and sang. "For they are jolly good fellows," which was appropri ate, in view of the lady's masculinity, and generally made a rumpus. Butwe were not destined to see muchof Tommy's courtship. Three days later Mr. Kruger issued his notice to ouit, and in another week we were on the way to Cape town. I pass over the parting scenes, but may mention that Violet and I came to a satisfactory understanding, and that the Sergeant-Major's farewell gift to Tommy was a bullet-proof vest, which the infuri ated recipient wished to. hurl into the sea, so we took it from him, and put it on Fido.. the regimental bear-an allu sion to Tommy's girth which annoyed him, and apparently Fido also, as he clawed it off and ate it, becoming very thoughtful for three days afterwards. They marched us up and they marched us down. . They put us in armoured trains, and bucketed us about in luggage trucks. They sent us to take impossible positio s-and we took them. We.sur prised and were surprised-more fre quently the latter. We were alternately scorched and frozen, parched and soaked. We had only hard tack to eat, and not much of that. We fought and we bled, we blistered and swore, we endured all the ancient and several modern plaguesof Egypt, and at the end of two months we were incredibly ragged and disreputable, but in rampant health, and without an ounce of superfluous flesh on our bodies. Poor Tommy, indeed, looked quite lost without his corporation, but he was im mensely cheery, and even the post-bag could not damp his spirits. So far, he and I had come through without a scratch, but A slight oversight on the part of the Intelligence Department brought us tem porarily to a standstill on the banks of Allan Water-I mean Modder River where we lay and whited for reinforce ments. Now, it is no excuse for what followed, but I may state that we were, one and all, possessed with the fixed idea that the Boers'would never attack under any circumstances, and consequently we looked upon the outpost duty the General made us do as rather farcical. One night Tommy and I were on adjoin ing picquets. It was a clear. starlit night. and, therefore, according to the rules of the game as prepared by our Intelligen cers, utterly impracticable for a night attack. My subaltern was a depressing kind of idiot, and, though it was very risky, I got' so bored with him and my surroundings that I sauntered over to Tommy's lair. He had some whiskey "commandeered" from goodness knows where, and we were chatting away mer rily when bang, bang, went all along the line, and a babel of cries rose on the air: "Allemachting. huistoe, verdonde roo ineks! Courage, mes enfantes. En avant. ' L'univers nous regarde. Potz tausend, Donnerwetter, Vorwarts. Wust and Lager I" Such were the yells that' smote on our amazed ears. I wasn't hit, and didn't stop to see who was, but sprinted to my picquet. There was a very pretty fight in orogress when I arrived. and, by the Lord Harry, the Boers had bayonets. However, there was no time to be astonished, so I grabbed a rifle from a stricken corporal (we had given up wearing swords) and waded in. I had just given an animated Gaul point three in the waistcoat, when-biff-the sky fell on my head, and, like Abner Dean of Angels, the subseauent proceed ings interested me no more. When someone had smndly put the fir mament back into its place I awoke to the fact that I was in the field hospital, and that someone was telling me not to speak or move. I didn't want to do either. Then they explained tome that the great, night attack had failed after a desperate:struggle, that the general did not know whether to be pleased or furi ous, that I was full of holes, and that Tommy was also grievously wounded. After a time they sent us down to Wyn -: Ini there we lay-in hospital whilst the weary, laden days dragged on, and our wounds obstinately refused to heal. Tommy and I were lucky in having a small ward to ourselves, but I don't iknow that it was altogether an advantage-it encouraged visitors ("inquisitors" we used to call them). I have no doubt these people meant well, but we objected strongly to being made a raree show of for a pack of strange females, with, to put it mildly, primeval nutions of good breeding. However, there was nothing to do but grin and bear it, for they were absolutely pachydermatous, but there were two who were peculiarly offen sive. One was a a Idy Ihv cnurtesvi novelist and other ?ha weli-k.nown divorcee, who posed as a Misunderstood. though the jury hid found little difficulty in under standing her. There was no getting away from these two. One morning, about three weeks after the polyglot attack, we were lying in bed idly chatting. "Oh, dear," sighed Tommy, "I suppose these awful women; will be here again this morning. Gad, it would be a relief to see someone else." "Even Mrs. Mangles P" I suggested ma liciously. "Certainly," said Tommy stoutly; "she's a lady, anyway, and doesn't write indecent books like the ginger-haired creature. She brought me her last book yesterday. "The Maunderings of a Pas sionate Soul.' I've only read two pages of it, but I should say 'Sappho' was the Young Girl's Sunday Reader' to it. It positively hummed 1" There was a sound of nearing 'oot steps. "Here they come " said Tommy, with a despairing groan. The door opened, and the nurse usher ed in-the Sergeant-Major and Violet! Wv hen I had satisfied myself by osculatory demonstration that it really was my dar ling, I raised my head, and lo, and be hold! the Sergeant-Major had her arm round Tommy's neck, his head reclined on her capacious bosom, and he was snif fing audibly, whilst the redoubtable good lady was crying unrestrained ly. Fortunately for the Sergeant-Major's self- respect, the Passionate Soul and the Misunderstood came undulating in. The conflict was shore and decisive. Of course, Mrs. Mangles could never have been guilty of such a thing, but there was something about the Passionate Soul's gait as she scurried down thef drive i hich suggested that she had made the acquaintance of-another sole. "Now, Talbot," said Mrs. Mangles when she returned triumphant. "I can quite understand what you have been suffering at the hanas of these ghouls. I am going to take you and Arthur away." And she did. to a villa at Minzenberg, Where, with the tenderness of a mother and the skill of a dhiysician, she nursed us back to health and comparative soundness. There is only one harmier couple in England than Major and Mrs. Byng, and that e "'le-well, that's my business. From '.LA.P." 