PARTICULARS OF HIS EXCEL- LENCY'S STAY. THE INTERVIEW. The absence of reliable information as to the movements of Lord Hopetoun on his arrival at Fremantle and the desire of the Home authorities that there shcold be BO reception on account of his ill health accoantsd for the fact tbat no arrangements had been made to formally welcome him to Australia. The over head railway bridge at Fcemau tie had been decorated with flags and green stuff?, while an inscription, 1 Federated Australia weleomes the Governor- General,' extended along the end of the bridge in red lettering on a white back ground. Over the centre of the inscription vas a design on calico representing the flags of tbe Empire, enclosing a painting of the Governor- General. The R.M.S, Victoria, which;Lord Hopetoun boarded at Colombo in such weakened condition on aooount of fever that he had tb be carried aboard, was sighted from Rottnest at 2.15 this morning and entered the river at 5.80, berthing at South Quay a few minutes later. By this time the vessels at the wharf were lined with hunting from siem to stern, and the mail steamer was similarly dressed. At 8 a.m. theJFtemantle Artillery fired a salute at South Qoay, and guns from the Royal Arthur replied. It had been intended Lord Hopetoun should join the flagship at Fremantle and_prcceed direct to Sydney, but these plans had to be changed in oonsequesce of bis mediotl advieer, Major Phileoo, deeming it advisable that he should continue his voyage to Adelaide in the mail steamer, and then embark on the Royal Aithur. His Excellency immediately granted a reporter an interview in the captain's cabin, which was placed at his disposal, for the voysge by Commander Crewe, Lord Hopetoun was looking thin and pallid, and seemed .only^the ghost of his former self, although rapidly recovering from his severe attack of malarial dysentery. Lord Hopetonn bore plentiful signs of the ravages of the disease While ready to converse, he desired to keep away from political matters, ani in reply to the interiiewer, could give no information as to whom he would call upon to form the first Federal Ministry, 