DICKENS'S 'CHRISTMAS CAROL.' . To the Editor. Sir— The announcement that the eloquent Rev. Charles Clark will give a recittti of Mr. Dickens's 'Christmas Carol' recalls to mv memory several incideuts connected wirn rnis cnarnuns aromatic iamasy. Prior to its publication there were issued Christmas annuals, beautifully illustrated, and sold at one guinea a copy. The tales were of the mediocrity, love-sick kind; but Dickens revolutionized this alxsurdity by writing books heaKhy and suitable for the festive season, and issued them at a cheap rate. The first of iitese was the 'Christ- mas Carol,' followed by a similar produc tion for several years. It was a. small book, gilt-edged, and sold at 5s. a copy. 1 3iave a vivid remembrance of being sent to the pub lishers for many scores of copies; for the brochure had a rapid sale. On the day of its issue the Whole of the first edition of 5,000 were disposed of, while the second and third editions in one week were bought up by,. the trade. But ttn's was woithing com p'lred with another Christina =? annual — 'Dr. Marigold's Prescription,' I think, of which his publishers assert that over 250,000 copie3 were sold. More than one version of the orijtiu of the 'Carol' have been given, in cluding Dickens's own. Believing there was a demand for Christmas br-oks of a genial and humorous kind, Dickens conceiv ed a lively ghost story. The author said tihat it was the work of odd moments while he Was eendrns; 'C-huzziewit' through the Press. He seemed to Irave a strange mas tery over the subject, ami he revelled in it —now laughing,1 now wfeprng, now laughing again; and many a night when Polka were in bed he would return to tilie subject. If space permitted I could mention several origin?ul incidente connected with the 'CarcJ;' but I prefer quoting from letters of great literary men addressed to Dickens. Ix-rd Jeffrey, editor of the Edinburgh 'Re- new.' said — 'Blessings on your kind Iheart: you should be happy yourself, for you may be sure you have done more Rood by this little publication, fostered more lcindly feriings, and prompted -more posi tive acts of benevolence, than can be trac ed to all the pulpits and confessioniils in Christendom.' Thackeray exclaimed— 'Who cm listen to objections to mich a book as this? It seems to me a national benefit, and to every man and wwnan who reads it a personal kindnef«.' While another groat writer penned— 'Tltere was, indeed, no body that had not name personal interest in the messise of the 'Christmas Curol.' It told t'lte eclfish man to rid himself of spI fi^hjiess; the just man to make himself more generous; and the good-natured man to enlarge the sphere of his good nature. ]t carrkMl pleasant warning to all that if the duties of Christmas were wanting no good rould come of its outward observances; that it must ehine upon the cold hearth and warm it, and into the sorrowful heart and comfort it; that it must be kindness, cha rity, mercy, and forbearance, or its, plum ?pudding would turn to 'Hie, and its roast beef be indigestible.' The object and life of the work seemed to me that Dickens wished to make Christmas a time for happy welcomes and mirthful enjoyments. For wife and beneficent tendencies I have not read any brochure comparable with the 'Christmas Carol.' Intentionally I have omitted all reference to Dickens's inimitable reading of the story, and the dramatic ver sions of the same. I am, Sir, &c;, C. WTLLLYMS. . The difference between greedy folk and others is not so much m what they want as in the eagerness with which they try to get it. 