Q'Kost in' jffirooade, v. 'Un..'.., - Deep Laid Scheme, : - "- 'PUBLISHED BT SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. By FERGUS HUME, Author of "THo Mystery of a" Hausdm Cabi" " The Professor's Munnny," f.' The Third Volume," " Tho Lono In:n,!'' '' !E,or. .the Defence,' ) ;; , .,IITj(|host's,y9U,y"Norahle:Loye:vIiettor,,l;&o.;, &o.; .7 '; COPTRIGHT. ( (Continued from yesterday's issue.) ".And how does Jane Riordan come . to he here?!'. Iaeked. ' "Her mother died tho other day, and sent hor to mo, my dear. -'Liza -and I were born in the village and Jived hero for years as 'ousekeepor and cook. I enn't say as I liked ! 'or over much, she wiiB'sly and deceitful ; but I don't think Bho .had anything to do with Craik stealing tho jewels. He was bad enough to do thai by himself. When ho died 111 gaol Liza wrote to ine, and I sent hor money to bring up Juno. Then Jane married, a-bad husband, who loft 'er, and when Liza'died she came 'ere and asked me to 'qlp 'er for 'or. mother's ' siiko. So I made, 'or under 'ouse- miiid. I think she's . a fool, Gooffrey, but honest enough," . .... "She appeared to bo nervous. bowevdr." . -.f'And ho wonder with this .'orrid-gliost, V ciied Mrs. Brag, looking round. ' "I fellyou what) : J.) ' if you don't get tho parson- to exorcise (hat thing, I'll leave the- 'ouse, that I Will." , : ' "Steady, old lady, we mast see what Geoffrey can do first.. He's watching in, the long gallery to-uight." "Oh, Geoffrey, the ghost '11 'avo you for sure." . ,- "The ghost will have a. dgso of lead, Mrs. Brag. If you boar a shot, don't be alarmed;" "But you can't shoot ghosts, Geoffrey, thoy're shadows, my dear. Tou can see through 'em." " I daresay.' I nover saw one myself. But ' this ghost is pretty substantial Fli be bound. But tell mo, Mrs. Brag ; was anything ever found out about tho jewels ?" ' ' - " No !" said Holeii, before tho old lady could hnswor. "I remember my father searohed everywhere for them and offered a ' big reward. He saw Craik, too ; but he re- fused to say what he had done with them, and Mrs. Craik protested she knew nothing about it. Thoy have been lost for years now." "H'mi ! I wonder if June Riordan knows anything about them." "That she don't," said Mrs. Brag, with energy. - "Liza was an honest woman I lenow; and. tho gal seoms straight ' enough. If they'd 'ud tho jowols they wouldn't 'ave lived in poverty so." - "Still, Craik might have told hiB wife ' where he concealed them," . "No. Geoffrey, dear. She'd 'avo comotc my lady or Sir- Ralph about them, and got paid, tor bringing 'em bock. If she kneu 1 anything she'd 'ave told for 'er .'own . sake ' tor she was as poor as poor. Jane told mi tho most 'arrowing tales of 'ardship." "I'll question Jane myself," said I; aftei oine thouirlit. "If these jewels could hi secovcred thoy would suit Helen very well." Helen laughed and Mrs. Brag beamed. "Kit's jewels she wants I will give 'er 'caps. Won't I, J.?" ' " She's only to ask and to 'ave," said Mr. Brag ; " but I wish I saw you more rosy and ! 'ealthy, my dear." "I'm afraid this ghost is upsetting my 1 nerves terribly, "said Helen; " do what I will. ' I can't help thinking about it." "Oh, J., can't we 'ave some 'oly water, : ) and get it uway ?" implored Mrs. Brag. " 'Oly water, no. I wpn't have no popery . here, Sarah. S.S.S. shall nover go to fatten the priests if I can 'clp it. - I'm surprised at; ' you, lam." "She is overwrought, - Mr. Brag," said; Helen, rising. - "Indeed, I think we all ate,' with this horrid- Lady Marian about. Come' 1 along to bed, Mrs. Brag. I'll come up with you." "You'll have to stuywith me all night, j my dear," whimpered the old lady, "fori I don't know as Geoffrey firin' off pistols won't I ho as bad as the ghost. Are you goin' to ' stay up too, J.?!' ' "There is no necessity," I interposed, i "I eanwatoh quite well alone. Whon Mr. j Brag hears a shot ho can come to me if he . likes." ' " Oh, I'll come fast enongh," said tho old man 'sturdily. "'Tuin't flesh and blood I'm. ! soared of, though I own I don't like theothor j thing. However, if the blessed thing belongs to this world or tho next, it's quite certain -we've got to put a stop to its gain's on 'ere.; If you don't catoh it, Geoffrey, we'll shut, up tho honso and go abroad. I'm getting quite skeery myself, and I" ain't got over much nervo to speak of." "Well, lot mo try my hand at exorcising ; the thing, Mr. Brag. If I can't manage it, . wo'll do what you say. Holou will die if this sort of thing goes on." " Lord; you don't think it's come for 'er ?" "No, I don't. It is some trick, I tell you.) Leave me to find it out." . . ; Mr. Brag shook his head doubtfully, and retired to. bed in his turn. Loft ulone I started on an exploration of the h'ouso with' a lamp in one hand and a' revolver in the other. . I examined all the doors and windows, and found them securely 'bolted and barred. I looked into what rooms I i could, from collar to uttio, and-' found them ' empty. ' It' was quite clear that beyond tho, inmates of the house there was no one. Then I made tor the happy hunting ground of the ghost. _ It had lately been snowing, bat now the night was frosty and olear. A bright moon dispelled tho darkness, and the white world without was as clear as day. \ The Long Gallery stretched the whole ' length' of the west wing. On one side a row of tiill windows admitted a good light on to tho pictures on the opposite wall. Thero was a fair collection of tne30, bat tho AffistOns had never boon sufficiently, urtistio in their tastes or sufficiently uoutb in their judgment to acquire masterpieces. The portraits of Helen's ancestors were of most interest to me. Thoro was a long scries of them, dating from the Tudor time , and representing some of the heBt work of' tho ' ; masters. ' These were let .into tho oak panel- \- ling with their gilded 'frames, and could hot! be detached from the wall. At the further end'of the 'gallery was uu ornate window of stuincd glass, and through this tho moonlight fell, now weaving coloured arabesques on the ' floor and portraits. Horo I paused before ' the picture of Lady Murion Alliston. Sho must have boon a supremoly beautiful woman, .this Jacobite conspirator, with tho high' spirit and strong will. . Here sho was portrayed as tall and stately of figuro. A proud expression was on hor almost swarthy face, and in the slenderest of white hands she gripped a walking.cano. In a dross of rioh , brocade, with jewels on nejk and arms, red- heeled shoes, and: tho towering head-dress of the period, sho looked every inoh u queen, and in her day must surely hayo moved and ruled Us one. I could imagiuo those imperious brows frowning ut tho mention of iho Elector ! I could fanoy tliosb firm lips speaking the ourso oii her too histy husband. There was ' something about this fail- dead woman whioh reminded mn of Beatrix Esmond ; filled with the joy of life and born to dominate by tea power of beauty and intellect. Yet she .failed as Tbftakeray'n heroine failed ; bit died more nobly, iu the. prime of loveliness, without ' withering out into Cad old ago. Had Sir Walter's rapier not struck through . tho prond heart sho might hnvo been a Sarah Jennings. As it wiib sho wis thwarted by futo ; and it Was her sad destiny to appear as a bird of ill-omcu to thoso who sat in ner seat of pride. ' Yet I could lmugine. her wrath . 1 when olive nt tho idea that hor fail phuntom would doscend to soaring an old cook and her .jploboian husband. How ironioal a futo I \- But all ' this preamble leads to nothing. Although . I: witched in tho gallory un ij Mawn I saw no ghost. It was bitterly bold ; .and the vigil was uncomfortable and in vain. Lady Maritttf did not appear. " I'did not oven .hoar. tee ruotle of her ekirt, muoh'lcss set eyes icnhor.faca; and whoa I descended to break- fast, after an hburor'so of 'slcop;' it: was' to Iuugli at the Superstitions of my frionas..) - ' ." It is as'I thought, ' ! said I. . Parsons and Mrs. Jaokson both dreamed they, saw the phantom. . . Lody/Marian -is too wise to revisit tee scene' of her death." : . ;«Ah, but she don't appear every night,", protested . Mrs. Brag, wisely. " You wait, , Geoffrey. .Sho'll freeze your blood yet.'!; -"Not while Bhe knows that an armed: watober has his eye on hor, Mrs. Brag.". ' ; "You still believe it is a triok, Gooffrey?" .' "If Lady Marian's- phantuiu is hot merely ' tee creation of Fursons's aud Mrs. Jackson's; dreams, I still believe it is a trick." ) But triok or no triok, all my. vigils were in : vain. Niglit after night tor quite two weeks j I watched in that infernal gallery-' for tho1 ghost which never came; Yot notwithstand ing toy disappointmont I could' not rid myself of the feeling that there was some mystery about the apparition; It was possible that my'publio announcement to snoot the so-, called ghost had soared -the person who, I ' truly believed, represented it. With this' idea l, wont on n now tack, and once more- assembled the household. , "I hayo watohod for fourteen nights, more or less," Isaid, ' "and no ghost has come to' scare me;." Therefore, I bolieve Mr. Parsons ' 'and Mrs. Jabksbu have beeii deceived in think- ! ing thby. savr one. There ) is iho phantom here,'8oybu <mn' all set your minds at rust. For my part," and this Was the most import ant point 'of . my speech, " I intend to watch - < no more. If Lady Marian comes again she must go without an audience. Now nil of you go away, und let mo have no more of this rubbish,!'. Butler and housekeeper were both indig; nant at , my aspersions, but they knew better than to protest openly, and went away with : the rest of the servants to grumble in secret. ' An air of calm ' pervaded the hall, and Mrs. Brag begun to pluok up courage. ) Also Helen, to prove what was undermining .her health, beoamo more ohe'erfuland loss hysteri- \- oal. My oommon; senso 'had-'oxoreised the 1 ghost so far, but "it had 'not solved the mystery. Determined to fathom this I still 1 oontinuod to watch in the gallery. But no one knew of my vigils, not even Helen ; so if ' the trickster came, ho.or she, whatsoever it: might bo, would find ni'e waiting. . 1 For two or threo nights the gallery, was ; ) empty m the palm of my hand. - Bnt on- tho! .- fonrth. night my, chance oamej anti witli it: ! the ghost. . It was about midnight, and tho moon shining through the olear glass of the side She glided along hj the pictures and, fingered, tlw frames.. windows and rofleoting her light from an' ex- panso of . snow made the gallery almost as brilliant as day. I was hidden behind a ourtiun, midway along the gallery,-' and half; drowsily was looking out into tho maze of shadow and silver rudianoo. -' : Suddenly in the obsolnte stillness I. heard n faint sound. It -was a tupping of heels, the rustle 'of silk skirts, and in a moment under tho painted window I saw the ghost. It appeared from \ nowhere, and I must confess it startled me. very considerably. .- ' ) It was Lady Marian,, sure enough. I was' eufficiently close to it to see teat. Thoro she stood, with tho. tall head-dress and cane, and; rioh brocaded gown, exnotiy us she was repre sented in her portrait. .-. I oaught justta "glimpse of fcor faoe, htit it wasnot sumcient tor me to say with certainty whether it was. identical with thut in the p'icture. But the figuro - was- certainly tho samel- - J) sat quite stiU and watohod, and waited, one -fiuger roudy on the trigger of my revolver. "With .tho olaoking sound desoribed by Mrs. Jaokson it oamo down tho gallery. The stick tapped, and tho long train rustled, and the) moonlight played upon tho rich hucB of tho brocade. , It did-not oome hear mb) but kept' oloso by tho range of the' family piotures,1 fingering the frames and passing its white, hand over the surfaces. At times it stopped, ' and with -bent head Borutinised more closely) tho feoes of the portraits. Then it began to glido back mbre' swiftly than' it had oome. I" rose, perhaps too incautiously, and I must have mado some noise, tor before I could raiao my' revolver to take, aim the ghost started, retreated rapidljr towards tho painted) window, and vanished. Yes, before my very eyes it vanished. I: hurried to the spot where I had last seen it, but not a trace of anything could I find. Unless it had dropped through the. floor or hod passed through a solid wall I conld not seo for the life of me how it had got . away. Could it he a truo phantom after all ? No, my reason wouldn't allow such a supposition. Beyond doubt it was flesh and Mood— some member of the household got up to' resemblo Lady Marian. I was mora than ever por- ploxed. I related everything to Mr. Brag next morning. But he kopt my story oarefully from hiB wifo and Holon. Thoy wcro re covering their Spirits somewhat, and it would not do to damp them again by Saying I had . seen the thing mySelf. Mr. Brag, indeed, was considerably agitated at this Ssomihg confirma tion of tho apparition, and it was as inuoh as ever I could do ' to talk' him but of the conviction that spiritual it was. , "But what on earth oan it be, ln'-m ' ' he said. , . "Well," I replied, " I have some sort of idea, but lit present I WOfi't state it lest I should provo ,to be wrong. . I propose that you wnt6h witb'-me -to-night, Mr. Brag, und togethor we'll see -if wo oan't unmask tee ghost," "But do you think' It will como again to- nightP" ' ' " 1 can't say. Forhaps not. It may be teat the trihkster, whoever it may bo, lias bad a fright and will delay operations for a whilo. It is soibeiho in the houso, I am oonvinbod of that; When' I 'mtnouoeed that I would watch nothing was seou of it. But directly T said I would give up watching, Lady Marian appears. What wo must .do is to watoh l' regularly,. Mr. Brag ; even should it not I appear for a week or more." , ' ' It 'turned out that I was right. , Night I aftor night wo concealed oursolvos behind tho 1 ourtain, T. withimy 'rovolvor, Brag_ with n' large dinner' hell,' with which ho intendod I alarming tho houso when Lady Marian was I captured. . This weut on for 110 loss than ton I nights. Then I took Mrs. Brag and Helen.into 'cdnfldbnoo, and arranged a pro- tonded departure from tho house. I- went off to London with great fuss and ceremony. But I got out of the train at tho first station nud, returned, to. tee hall by road , secretly. I And dtielbyen b'oldck that ' night Brag and I were in our liiding-placo once more. And it I was Christmas Eve, tee very time when I ghosts should bo nbroad, nocording to legend. I M Now,-!! 'I- whiBporbd,' " tho ghostis off I its guard ; ii take my- word for it ho or she, whichever it is, witt oome." ;: Brag said I nothing, ;but gripped vioionsly at the handle I of his dinner bell. ' I It fell out: as I had-' nnttoipajgd. Shortly I after midnight Lady Marian roappeared in I tho same guise as beforb. I oould hear Brag's The moonlight was as strotig as it bad been I on tbo previous occasion; and Lady Marian, I olaoking and tapping as before, moved through I it in- precisely ' tho same way.! She "glided I along by tho piotures and fingored the frames. I Suddenly wo hoard her give a joyous oxola- I mation, and there was a sliding sound ' ns of somo'teing -pushed back. A portrait vanished I and u -black eavity-was seen m its place. " I ' Now was the time. I jumped Up, and I poising my revolver fired as truly a'B I could, I and at tho same moment Brag's bell clanged I out vigorously. - Thorn was a shrjok and a | hurried soiimpor. Then- us before the ghost I of Lady Marian vanished before we could I - reach the spot. . , I 1' Where the deuce has she gone?" cried I Brag, who was still ringing his: bell hard. I '(Through a eliding .panel," I replied, guessing tho moana of. exit was through tho | .oavity; .. | ' ' As I lighted the lamp thero was more noise | and pattering of . feet; and tee -half-dressed I servants in ull stages of deshabille and alarm | come crowding into., the. gallery. Soma | carried lights, others pokers and stiolts, bat one and ml were as frightened as they well | conld ho. | And no wonder: tor the clamour of Brag's hell was enough to . wake the dead. Thou I came Helen and Mrs, Brag fully dressed, tor | thoy both, had waited up to .witness the suo- I cess of toy scheme. . I Audit was p success— greater .thun I had dnred to dream. - As I said, a picture— that | of Lady Marian had vanished— that is, it had | slid back into the wall, leaving a oavity | which wo proceeded to examine. Thereto wo | found an iron box- fast looked. Bat Brag soon had it torn open, to find ' thut it con- | tained -velvet-lined' drawers and trays all heaped with the most splendid jewellery. | Gold, diamonds, rubies, .' emeralds — the mass | glittered like a rainbow. | \- "See,- Helen; your mother's long lost jewels.- So thisjis what the ghost of Lpdy Marian camo for." ; | " My gracious !" cried Mrs; Brag, drop- | pir.g on her knees. " Look, my dear, all my -lady's jewels,!:. You'll wear them at your | wedding after all." .' -But Helen .did not look at them. She just | stared at. rao,' nervous and shaking. " Geoffrcj', who is.the ghost?" | "Cannot y'oii 'gjiess? : Jane Riordan." "Impossible! Isn't she here?'.' '(No, miss." said Parsons, . glancing round at tho servants, " shb uin't with us." " | "Oh, Geoffrey, I hopo you haven't shot | , her.". - | " Serve 'er right if -'e 'as," -oried Brag. | "But don' t, cry) my pretty, sho went through another siding panel.,; Come,' Geoffroy; let us look')"', "Tho sprihg'i8)to tho frame, 'Mr. Briig. I'm suro of that." Instantly a dozen hands were bnsy With the frames, and wo 'scon camo upon a spring in that of a picture at tho far endof the gallery. ) It opened noiselessly, and I stepped into' the' open spaob, followed , by. Brag bearing the lntep. We proceeded 'along a narrow pas sage, ascended a flight of stone steps, and: filially oinerged through another sliding panol into tho buck port of tho house. On our way - wo picked up the tall cane, the gray wig and: headdress, und tho hroendo skirt. ' " She stripped herself to get away," said Brag, nodding.. "Let us go to' her .toorn. She has one to horself, you know. Asked my old - woman to give her one as a special favour ; and for' Eliza Oraik(s sakeslie got .it;" The ' room was reached and wo found it ompty, with the lost remnants of tho disgiiise on the floor. On going to the baok door 'we discovered that it was opon, and through it Jane Riordan had vanished into tho' night never to return. , So it was that I exoroisbd top ghost of Lady Marian. On Christmas Day at break fast we discussed thoroughly tho . stirring; events "of the night;, Mrs:' Brag was filled ' with anger at the way to which -Jane Riordan 'had tricked her. '' ; . . . . )-', "I'wonder how she know abont my lady's jewels, " sho said. ' -' ., " Oh, thore's no diffioulty in guessing- that," I replied. "The father most have told his wifo whero ho had hidden them. I darosay he intended to fetoh teem himself when he came out of gaol. But ho died he- fore his' sentence , oxpit-ed. However, he lot his wife know, and she, of course, told Jane, ' who came here and tried to get them by mas querading as Lady Marian's ghost." . "And Eliza must bavo told her teat story, Geoffrey. Wo often talked of tho ghost. Oh, what q wicked woman !" "But' I wonder -why Mts. Craik, being poor, did not try to gel tho jewels for herself. Sho would hardly wait twenty years before doing so." It was Helen who said this, ahd I who replied. . " Well, i expect Mts. Oraik was either afraid, or did not learn from her husband behind whioh pioturo the jewels were hidden. I expect her reason was the lost ; for Jane, BP t told you, went up and down tho wall fingoring the frames in Ordsr to' find, tea right one.- That woe why sho appeared so, often in tho gallery. - Had she known iho two hiding Since ono nppoaranoo and visit wottld have ono. I see now that she feigned fear to ' me in order to- ward off saspiolon. From her looks I never thopght -.Bho would be" so clevor." ' , \- " Ah, my dear," said Mrs. Brag, " sho riiarried a soamp, and I daresay, after hearing too story from Liza, . ho. mt her up to tao -triok.".- ' " ... .'(.She brought the drbss with her, I su'jl- pote ?.". , i " She must have ; and it, was to , carry on hor -wicked pranks that she mude Bubh apotat of hiving a Bepardte roorti." ' . :'. :.i )" " I wonder how she: know.,of -ho seoret passage," Said Briig.: "; " Liza again," cried his wife. . '.' She was years here before I came, find so was Oraik. I daresay they found tee seoret passage together and mado use of it when they stole tee jewels. And now I coma to think of it, my dears,, it was on aotor Jane Riordun married. Oh, I am well quit, of her, I am." '.'Yes; thank- goodness she's gone)" said Brag. " Wo'don't.want no row about the thing; We've gbt'- the jewels, and Helen shall wear. them on her wodding day." ' " And what's more, we've got, rid of. the ghost,", said I, smiling. " I don't think you can ever believe to ghosts again after this, eh, Mrs.-Brag ?" "No, Geoffrey,' I oan't.. I- darosay tho ghost- of Lady Marian that -I saw. myself was either Craik. or his wifo dressed .up. No, I'll -never beliovo in ghosts again." Nor did she. So this tyas our Christmas ghost, which was no ghost. But truo or fuleo it was a very seasonable apparition : and brought to Helen the Christmas gift of her mother's jewels. She wore them, at hor wedding . .with ino shortly aftcrwurda ; tor next Christmas there was no Miss Alliston, but u pretty Mrs, Boaucliamp. Nor was thero auy ghost.) Ladjr Mariaii, in .the p6rson of Jane; Riordan, had fulfilled her mission, and we ubybr.'saw lior again. ' TinE-Ein), ; ' 