BEHIND A VEIL; THE MYSTERY OF CASTLE KORNIS. By MRS. C. N. WILLIAMSON, Author of 'Ills Grace," "The Secret of the Pearle," "The House hy the Loch," /'Queen Sweetheart," "A Man xrom the Dark," "Fortune's Sport." "The Newspaper Girl, etc. HAPTER XI.— A WORMHOLE IN THE OAK. Jenny's tone and Jenny's eyes both invited Tristram, to suspect a secret and ask a question. ''What do you mean?" he Said, quietly, as they walked side by side into a quiet street. "Well, If I'd been left to myself after what happened that mgni, aon t you think I'd have made it pretty lively for some people? They thought so. And that's why I disappeared. You see, sir, Count Kornis had a story he wanted to tell about that night, and it wouldn't have suited him to have me on the scene till the storm had blown over a little. I didn't know then what the story would be, of course, though I was sure there'd be something, and some thing plausible, too. Indeed, I never heard the rights of it until to-day, for, If you'll believe me, sir, never since that night last December have I set foot in Vienna till this morning." "Where were you then?" questioned Tristram. "In the Tyrol, at Count Kornis's castle there." "Do yau mean that he kidnapped you?" "Just that, sir, or gave orders that it should be done. You remember that beast of a hunchback?" "I either saw one that night or dreamt of him in delirium when I lay ill after wards; I was never quite sure which." "Why, it was he who stabbed you, sir, in the back. Afterwards he rolled you over on your face, and ran .you through with a long, sharp thing again. I was gagged and my feet tied together with my own long veil by that time, but I saw (for it would have been inconve nient to kill me and get rid of my body there, while tliey could account for yours easily enough!); and, though I was so sick at the sight that I nearly fainted then, I reasoned it all out afterwards. -The Count wanted to pretend you'd been killed in fair fight, so you had to have a wound in your breast, not your back. That little hunchback brute could never have touched you if he hadn't sprung ! on' you unawares from behind, as he ; did; so the other wound had to be j given afterwards. When there was time I ,t»to attend to me, I was drugged with i some vile, pungent stuff they had, and j the next thing I knew I woke up in a house. There was a doctor, who said I was mad. He and Count Kornis > were talking in the room, and I heard t the wretch telling the doctor that I was one of his servants, who had had a fit, and behaved in strange ways, which he described. The doctor looked in my eyes, pulling up my lids, and pronounced some long words which I couldn't under stand. I began talking about what had happened that night— but it only made matters worse, for I was so ex cited, it must have sounded like gib berish. The upshot of it was that I was put into a great jacket, with long sleeves that buckled round my waist at the back. That did nearly drive me out of my senses, and I must have been like a wild thing when I was taken off in the railway train, screeching out to everybody in .English to help me, that I wasn't mad, and they were going to murder me. I can understand some Ger man, you know, though I can't talk it much; and if anyone asked questions, I was always a poor servant of Count von Kornis, who was so good that he was going to pay all my expenses at the famous private asylum near Windisch Mattrei, in the Tyrol. "But they didn't take me there at all. Instead, we branched off on a small local railway line; were met at last by a big, old-fashioned carriage, and driven for miles and miles, till we came to a wild place among the mountains — great red mountains that stood up like needles and spikes and spires. As soon as I saw the castle, I recognised it from a photograph In the Princess Faiconberg's boudoir in Vienna — Count Kornis's castle in the Dolomite Mountains, as my blessed Lady Mary had told me the day I saw the picture. "It was the haunchbacked dwarf and a .servant who brought me there- The housekeeper and all the others were made to believe the same story I'd heard them tell curious folk at the railway stations and in the train. I was a housemaid from the Count's place in Vienna; my head had gone queer, and the doctor said I must have quiet and country air if I was to get well. So the master had gen erously sent me to Schloss Kornisci— that's the name of the castle — to recruit. I was to be watched, that I neither escaped nor did myself or anyone else a mischief; but, so far, I was apparently harmless. I think the Count's idea was that he'd keep me out of the way until he'd had time to tell his own side of the story, and get people to believe it so firmly that the ideas be'd planted in their heads couldn't be uprooted by an insignificant person like me. If I'd come forward at first with my tale, when all Vienna was in a ferment about the queer doings among heir aristocracy that night at Falcon- oerg, I might have got a hearing. But afterwards he didn't need to be so much afraid of anything I could do or say, es pecially as what I should tell about his sending me to the Tyrol, and detaining me there would sound too far-fetched to be true. But, then, there's the proverb about some things being too strange not to be true, and this Is one of them. The Count thought you were sure to die, and, of course, he bribed all the people who saw anything that night, so that it did seem as if tliere'd be no one to contradict him except me— a servant against a rich and powerful nobleman. Anyhow, I was watched closely by the people at Korniss for months. I could go almost anywhere in the house I liked, but I was never allowed outside, unless when I was. told that I might walk in the kitchen garden, with the head gar dener's wife— a stupid, fat thing, with out a word of English. Nor could any of them understand a great deal, and I used to pretend I didn't know as much German as I really did, in the hope that they'd be careless and say something which it might be important to over hear." " There was nothing of that sort, though, for a long time, until one day, about a fortnight ago, I heard the house keeper talking to the butler' about the 'blue room It was time for a yearly cleaning, and ehe was dreading it, be cause, I managed to make out, all the maids were afraid of the place, thinking it was haunted; and even she, old woman as she was, wasn't fond' of going in there atter twilight. Afterwards, when they got as far in their- house-cleaning as the blue room, which had been left till the last, the servants were whispering; and putting this and that together, I found out that in the blue room every one of the Count's three wives had died. "I was wanting badly to find some solid proof against him for his villainies, and though I didn't just see, even then, that I was any nearer to it, I determined that ! by hook or by crook I'd get into that blue room and be there alone. AH the ghosts in the Tyrol couldn't scare me out of the notion! "I made the women-servants under stand I was willing to help them with the cleaning, and as they hated the job in the blue room they were glad enough of the offer. I worked so well that It seemed the place might be finished in one day instead of two; only nobody would wait after the sun stopped shining through the little narrow, deep-set windows. I'd stay and finish by myself, said I, in my broken German, if it took me till 12 o'clock. "There wasn't any difficulty about letting me : do that/- for the proposal couldn't be a trick to escape, since - the Windows were' high "and overlooked a; mountain torrent, tearing over "the rocks and stonCs like a mad thing/from- the gorges. "I don't know what I expected to find, spring rains and the snow melting ln the if I really expected anything; but when I was left alone there wasn't a crack or a cranny of that oak-panelled room I didn't examine. It was just the sort of place to look for a secret door, if nothing worse; and thinks I to myself, maybe, when the Count has spent a wife's money, and wanted to be looking round for another lady with another fortune, he sneaked into the blue room from some hidden entrance that nobody knew about, while the poor creature was asleep, and mur/lopefl Jipp "The only thing against that (for any thing might happen In such a house as Kornis «) was what I'd heard the ser vants at Prince Faiconberg's say, when they gossiped about Count Kornis and his attentions to my lady. AH his wives had apparently died natural deaths; so that, though people talked, nothing really could be said against him. "But I wasn't stopped exploring, while I had the chance, by that, sir, you may well believe; though soon I got. feeling a bit creepy as the shadows came crawl ing into the big, low room, and there were queer little cracking sounds in the walls and all about, as if, in case you turned quick enough, you'd see some thing -standing right behind you. But by the time you did turn, it always seemed to have just scuttled away! ."I was polishing the oak walls with an oiled rag, for the housekeeper was as particular about the blueroom, though no nne ever sient there anv more, as about any other room in the ens tie. The oak panels went all the way up to the ceiling, which, luckily for me, was very low; and I could reach it with my rag, standing on the step-ladder I had to use. The wood was so old — hundreds and hundreds of years, no doubt — that it had got worm- eaten, and there were a good many little holes, some of them choked up with dust. At last I came to one, exactly like a lot of others, only a bit deeper, maybe; and at the bottom, when I poked the tip of my little finger In (as I had with the rest, hoping against hope for something out of the common) there was a small lump that felt like metal. I couldn't pick it out with my nail, and I pressed. It went down, I fancied, and I pressed again. That did the trick, sir! A crack opened in the wall just as if it had been a fairy story, or one of those creepy old novels by a woman called Radcliffe I once found at my grandfather's farmhouse. I pushed my hand into the crack, and it widened, without any noise at all— just a slipping of the panel behind another one, along a groove where the wall joined the floor, I do belleve; suynota" ecu! w>Ould have come across that 'tiny metal nob but me; for who would have j thought of it, unless they were working ! tor Bomeone they loved? I didn't -know j then what had happened . to -thy poor i darling, so I'd have given my life, Mr j Tristram, "to stumble on some wicked j secret of the Count's which should save j her from marrying him; and you can see I wasn't leaving a stone unturned, j "The door In the panel was so narrow j I could just slip through. I was rather 1 scared of what I might find on the other I side, for it was dark as a pocket there; j but I wouldn't be a coward. When I'd j squeezed into the cupboard or whatever j it was I lighted a match from the box j I'd stolen from the' housekeeper, and! peered all round. I was in a queer little j nook, not as big as a fair-sized ward;- 1 robe, narrow and long;, only the length was the way of the wall, in the room outside. But there were shelves, and there was a table. And oh both were a lot of bottles and strange-looking glass things, exactly like those Prince Falcon- berg keeps in what he calls his 'labora tory.' (The Prince is a sort of amateur doctor, you know, and is always dosing j the servants if they have an ache or! pain, for they don't dare refuse, for fear of offending him, when he offers.) On the shelves were books, most of them In quite modern, new-looking bindings, j big, uninteresting volumes, about dis eases and medicines. There was a dark I wig on a shelf, too, and some brownish I grease-paint, like actors use, and a j priest's soutane. I kept lighting match I after match to fee all these things, but | I wasn't silly enough to drop them I about. I kept them in my hands when they'd burnt too low, and at last put I them Into my oocket. I "I opened some of the books, and whose name do you think was written inside most of them?" ' "Count Kornis, I suppose," answered Tristram, who had followed every woi-d Jenny had spoken with the keenest at tention. For he had begun to think, more than ever, that Destiny had had a hand in this meeting to-night. He had made up his mind, if necessary, even to let the train go without him. Only his impatience had urged the jour ney he wished to take, at so early an hour; for at all events he could not possibly see the persons whom he wished to see until afternoon of the next day. "No, sir, not Count Kornis's name! cried Jenny. Some had no name in them, and no' doubt they were his, hut the most had come to the Count from Prince Falconberg, his cousin and great friend. On the table was a notebook, almost filled with writing in the Prince'B hand, which I have seen more than once, and could not mistake, as it is very peculiar. It was all In German, and I I -couldn't make out -much ; : but ! here was I -something about exper imnls -with bae- I teriar— and even l-know what 'bacteria - Is, for I do bead the newspapers; I saw. a lot' hboufbypholdal bacteria,' and one I bf ' thequeerffelass things' on the table" was labelled so. "'I'd -have : taken- the" notebook away if I dared; I dorf t meaii that % would have been afraid < to do -it, for ' myself. : I Wouldn't have -felt "afraid" of anything ' that" might -have helped my dear little mistress. But Couht von Kornis was coming to - the castle. In- a week- with some men, friends Of his;; and I thought, if he came into this "little place and dis covered that something so? valuable was . gone, he'd guess at; once that he was watched, and he on- his; guard: As it was, he wouldn't dream: that -anybody: Was on the track of his secrets, and he'd | feel safe, as he evidently had before J that his things were in the securest hid- j ing place possible. " - J "Besides, it would toe far better if I I could escape and tell what I had -seen;; then take someone' to the cupboard : in' j the wall,' and show all the proofs, just I as I had found them." "Proofs of what, Jenny?" asked Tris- I tram, wondering if her-' thoughts and his were turning In -the same direction. "Why, sir, I remembered the different sicknesses that had caused the death of 'Bluebeard's' three wives; and on the table were signs that he'd been cultivate | ing bacteria tor the making of cvgpy one. There was even some virus of hydropho bia — a horrid idea, but I couldn't help its coming into my head, and there it?s been ever since. Besides, -the Prince's books about doctoring, and his notes, .set me thinking about a different branch of the same thing, Mr Tristram. He's such ai great friend of the Count's, you know. I and there s nothing tne uount asas 01 j him, apparently, that he won't try to do. I Of course, there's always a lot of talk in j the servants' hall, especially where the I master and mistress aren't liked. I used. I to hear a good deal of that sort of thing j in Vienna, at the Prince's house. They j used to wonder what the tie between their. I master and his cousin could be— for it I wasn't only kinship; and, though the two I men were so much together, somehow, I they didn't seem particularly fond of one I another. j "That. was just the question to interest I me, on Lady Mary's account. But I I couldn't turn the key of the puzzle, any j more than the others could, though I was I a bit sharper-witted, perhaps— and had a J motive, too. All I could light on in their. I past was that Count Kornis, who had a J lot of political influence, had heiped thai I Prince in that way; and I thought, per- I haps, he was to be given Lady Mai-y and! I her money as a reward. But now I think: I differently. I think Prince Falconberg I by his knowledge, helped Count Korn'.s-to I get rid of his wives. The Count would be I sure to keep every proof, so that the I Prince could never turn on him. What I political help he could give, he did; and j I shouldn't wonder if, when Count Kor- I nis had got Lady Mary, he wouldn't have j handed over some of her money to Prince I Falconberg, who isn't as rich as he ought j to be, with the grand appearance he has j to keep up, and his wife's extravaga.no?; I Oh, it was just like coming on a hornet's I nest, and having all the wicked things j buzzing and stinging about one's ears, I only to tbink of it! But I made up my. I mind there and then, sir, that now I'd got I hold of something more or less definite to j tell, not wild horses themselves should1 ' I keep me much longer at Kornis;. I "After that day I watched my chances I of escape twice as anxiously as I had be-. I fore. The servants had begun to trusC 1 me, seeing how dull and indifferent' I I seemed, and I wasn't looked after as I sharp as at first. Besides, everyone was I busy getting ready for and expecting the j grand folks, and had something to think' I about before they thought of me. I "One day, when all the rest were at early dinner, I pretended to have a head- I ache, and went to my room as if to lie I down. I shared It with one of the maids J (who used to be afraid of me when I first' I came, thinking I was mad), and I stole A I peasant dress of hers out of her box, so I that if I got off the description of. the' j clothes I was wearing wouldn't really be j the right one. I "That same night my chance came I hadn't a penny, but I'd contrived to hide j a few little ornaments out of the draw ing-room (I knew at was stealing, in a- j way, sir, but I've got money in the sav ings bank in England, and I mean to send j back value for everything I was obliged to take.) In a lonesome spot in the parkl j put on poor Moydel's frock, and made a I bundle of my own, not wearing them again till l ounged to-day. Sometimes I " .got a lift with a cart, sometimes I walked j sometimes I hid for a whole day; I pre- - tended to be dumb, hoping people j wouldn't guess I was English; and when I came to a town I pawned the things I'd. j brought away from the Castle, so I got 1 twenty or thirty marks, and could travel j by rail for a while. I "I've been ten days and nights on the j way— and it's a miracle I wasn't caught) | for an escaped mad woman— but if they searched for me they must have got off j the wrong track from the first. Anyhow, not dreaming what I'd seen, and what 5 guessed, I daresay the Couni -would! think It was now too late for my story. f<? make an Impression or do hhn i>gvm "It seemed as if he was right in think- I mg that, too; for I've had bad luck to day— till I found you. I went to a doc tor, here in Vienna, who'd been kind to me when I was 1)1 for a few days., last winter, and told him everything, asking! - his advice what, to do. But, would you ... believe It, heihought I was off ipy heaj, and ad vised me not to do anything at all, saying even if , tpy Hale wesi true.-! -. ; couldn't prove it. People .would pnjy ' " -- ' . laugh-atpi; anfl perhaps Count yonijECqr-; nls.;0r j tbeFaleonbergs could -.haver cme i clapped into prison -for- a blackmailer. i s "it wag :f rom . the Jiqctpit that ;I: heard- aboqtmy sweet iady.;;.hpwhey, seat her S right away,- and be had jieard ahe.had j died ot a broken <\- heart. .. Eyery I one jn "Vienna- knew so, much, .said he ; but, he hinted jat ;a mystery,- which people ' whisperedabput though no one;spoke, a: word- out Jpudi .What it -was, he, wouldn't tell me,,<ButI thought ; ,'Mr Tristram's i sure tpJknow,'- and I: determined i'd come , once again to ask you. Evening was . the best time' to find you disengaged, I, was sure-hjust before dinner; go I didn't call at -once., Instead,.! went to the English chaplain, and had. a talk -with him, hop ing be'drbe more encouraging, and . might giv£;me some advice. But be thought I was. cn- a wildgoose chase, and :evidenily fiidn't want to be mixed up in such a queer affair. Then at last, when I was feeling pretty desperate, it was time to come and try. for you. You can imagine what-a shock It .was to hear you'd gone frojn the Em bassy tor good— and how I .was sure Pro vidence was on my .side when I saw you— or your ghost. It's much like it was that first'nlght, sir; I. want you to help me. Do say you can and will.i' . "Well help each other, Jenny," Tris tram said; rather grimly, "for we've the same end In view. L#too, would think Providence had brought us together. iWe both loved Lady Mary, Jenny, and I know from your own lips that you .would have" been ready to give your life for hers— just as I would a hundred times over." It's too late for that." "Too late!" Jenny repeated the words in a whisper shrill with horror. "Oh, sir, you don't mean that word, really ? iYou can only say it figuratively— because they sent her away to break her heart." "They have killed her," Tristram harsh ly- answered. And then he told her the story of the past few months, sparing himself not at all. "One thing, and one .thing only, has been worth living for since," he said at last. "To avenge her. My one hope of justice is now with the Empress. If I can tell her the .whole truth, I believe that her influence will be used With the Archbishop, or even with Yhe pope, if that be necessary, to have strict inquiries made as to the exact manner of Lady Mary Desmond's death. There is another in the secret, and once she is Questioned, her conscience will force her 'io- confess. "The Emperor and Empress are at their villa in Ischl; they went only to-day, and J am following to-night. What I might not have been able to accomplish by my self, against such powerful enemies as I have. I can accomplish with your help." "Mine, sir?" faltered Jenny.. "Why, I am nobody, while you are a gentleman With 'Honorable' before your name, and Jots of influence, and friends." "What I want is a witness," said Tris tram. "and that I have in you. Your story, tjgether with mine, will prove the -terri-' pressure that was brought to bear ,.;_i that unhappy child to marry her ito Count von Kornis; it will prove her determined refusal. You are the only person not in the pay of Kornis who saw . the attack on me, outside the gates of Fdlconberg last winter-. Even I did not know as much as you know of that. And the strange history of your adventures Since, though you might not have been able, quite alone.to substantiate it against Count vort Kornis's indignant denial, will be believed, when I have added my quota. iWith such a preface to the story of what Lady Mary has suffered we shall have the igeneious-hearted, impulsive Empress on our side. And with her on our side, the fcauso is won. Will you go to Ischl to- aiight?" "Will I go, sir? I'd go if I had to walk."' "You have done enough tramping the country, my girl. Even yet we can catch .the train I'd meant to take; we'll be in Ischl by early morning, and I may hope, through friends, to see the Empress. Here's a cab— in with you, Jenny." The maid obeyed, her face flushing, her byes shining. "Oh, sir, if it was only as : it was when we drove together to help lier before!" she exclaimed with a sob. '"If she was alive; if she was but alive." -CHAPTER XII. — LADY MARY LEAVES THE CONVENT. Many terrible pictures of the fate which had befallen Mary Desmond had Tris tram's tortured imagination called out of darkness. . ) When the candle in her cell had gone out, and she had freed herself from his arms to find her veil that hung by the idoor, she had vanished from liia life be- hind an impenetrable cloud of mystery. The girl had sprung from the bed on .Which she had been standing to reach the window. She had groped in the dark towards the door, and then— what then? The cell was small, and no one object Was nt» any considerable distance from another; yet Mary, feeling her way and teaching cut her hand for the hook at the left of the door where her veil always bung at night, seemed to have, gone much further than usual without touching the Wall. She began to experience the vague alarms of one who has awakened sud- flenljv rising while still dazed with sleep, Jtnd has lost all sense of direction, v It was Sister Anna Theresa who had been bidden softly to close the door, (Which, under cover of darkness, had been noiselessly opened. ' It was Sister Anna Theresa who had been charged with the duty of whisper ing, if she -beard sounds in the cell, the words : "Go, I beg of you to go." Her English was far from perfect, and her Voice in speaking did not resemble Sister Marie Magdalene's. But with a barrier of foak -between her lips and the ears which would listen,, and Jn a moment .pf-su-: prenie excitement .Trig tram had .rols taken tbe voice-for thatof Lady Mary Des mond. , This much accomplished, her task- in the corridor was done. "When , ;6be -had -finished w.hat . , she . , had ; to do . out-- side rSister Marie . Magdalene's door6he Was to return without delay to . the Su- sperioris room. There she would -receive further commands. v Sister Anna Theresa, knocked, opened the: door, and stepped timidly across the threshold. The cell, larger but no more luxurious than that of any other nun, was dimly lighted by a single long candle, which flickered and smoked in the draught from the moving door. On the narrow cot lay Sister Marie Magdalene, while, tbe Mother Superior- herself tended her with gentle and pitying kindness. How completely the harsh and unjust judgment of the Ambassador at Vienna stood refuted. Vile slander was silenced by graciousness and kindness. » A few days later, in response . to an urgent summons from the Mother Superior. Prince and Princess Fal- conberg, who were accompanied by the Count Von Kornis and an elderly, grim - featured woman, ap parently -a- near relative,- , arrived at the Convent, and to . their charge was committed Lady Mary Desmond, now released from her novitiate vows. At the command of the Princess Fal- confcerg — her mother— Lady Mary entered . a close carriage, and was driven she knew not whither. (To be Continued). 