THE I eASSOHtZATSONS IM ROME. ? -* ? MAGNIFICENT CEREMONIES. 60,000 PEOPLE IN ST. PETER'S. No ceremony in all the ritual of the Church attains the grandeur and impressivenesB attaching to a canonization, and never has the function been carried out under more solemn and more striking circumstances (remarks the Catholic Times, June 1) than on the last occasion upon which it has been ?performed by his Holiness Leo XIII. Thrice pre viously has hiB Holiness been the central figure in such an event. In 1881 he canonized three saints, one of them being the Blessed Benediot Joseph Labre : in 1888 the seven founders of the Order of the Sewvites of Mary and three eminent members of the Society of Jesus— Peter Claver, John JBeroh mans, and Alfonso Kodriguez ; and again, in 1897, BlesBedZaccaria, founder of the Barnabites, and the Ble'-sed Fourier. At each of these times the immense Basilica of St. Peter's was filled with Ca tholics who came, not only from every district in Italy, but from every country in the world. The latest canonization on May 24, 1900, however, had special features of attraction, It has been performed during the Holy Year, when crowds of pilgrimsare frequenting the Eternal City, in order to gain the Jubilee Indulgence ; and it was felt that it would probably be the last incident of the kind at which the present venerable Pontiff, who is now in his ninetieth year, would officiate. THE CEREMONIES DESCRIBED. The Roman correspondent of the London Univhrsb. June 2, givfcs the following excellent description : — The long-expected event has come and gone, the canonieatian is over, and St. Rita of Cascia, and at. John .Baptist la balle are declared among the company of sainbs, under the peculiarly solemn cir cumstances of the Jubilee Year. This canonization of 1900 has been one of the memorable religious celebrations of the century, and certainly the most imposing demon»tration of loyalty to the Church and the Papacy seen for many years in Rome ; in deed, some say such a sight has not been seen since the Vatican Council. From the night before the whole city presented an extraordinarily animated aspect — pilgrims filled the streets, and strangers and Romans alike vied with each other in trying to procure tickets for the ceremony. The Augustinian Fathers and the Christian Brothers were over powered with demands, for every one, both high and low, wished to be present, and EVEN ST. PBTBB's WAS TAXED TO ACCOMMODATE ': THEM ALL. Ascension Thursday dawned peerlessly lovely. Cabs, carriages, and foot-passengers streamed along the thoroughfares to St. Peter's in the clear, cool morning hours, and when the first detachment of the guards of troops arrived on the scene at 4.30 they found a crowd of 10,000 already assembled, awaiting admission. Before six o'clock the trams and omnibuses began to run, and then commenced the stream of traffic over the Bridge of St. Angelo, over the suspension bridge, and over the new Ponte St. Margherita in long continuous files, all intent on the same goal. I heard afterwards that the trams and omnibuses brought 3000 persona every twenty-five minutes. 'Viva Leone XIII., for he 'brings prosperity to Rome,' says the veturrini, as they crack their whips. And so the great human tide rolls on till it draws up before St. Peter's, when another takes its place, ever coming in numbers and denseness till the piazza, with its colonnades and fountains, LOOKS LIK.B THE CAMPING PLACE OF A MIGHTY ARMY. The soldiers (1600 in number) are drawn up cloBely across the steps, their arms flashing brightly in the already- warm sunshine, good-naturadiy parrying the importunities of the crowd who grow impatient to enter as the clock hands move slowly on to 6.30. A picture of the glory of Blessed Rita and Blessed la Salle surmounts the central doorway, and St. Peter's towers in solemn majesty ovar the swarms of- human pigmies crowding around its gates- But few take heed of the beauty of the scene, their attention being fully occupied with the effort to secure places. Meanwhile, every moment the orush increases. At 6,30 the doers are opened, the rush and scramble begins, and in an incredibly short time the 40,000 and more pilgrim* and Romans p»ur through the doors, without the losa of life and limb one would expect from the mad rush in through a comparatively narrow apace— and this is only a part of the crowds. The central entrances of St. Peter's are for pilgrims and for those with tickets of admission only, asthe.seats. in the portico are reached through the bronze' door of the Vatican, while the numerous tribunes and the entrance to places for the Diplomatic Corps, Roman patriciate, is by the sacristy and the Santa Maria door, at the back of the church. The sac risty doors were open promptly at 7 to the large waiting crowds, and by 7 30 every nook and corner of the numbered tribunes, as well as the body of the church, was filled by fully 60,000 persons. GRAND AND SOLBMN WAS THE GBBAT BASILICA in the blaze of electricity and candle light given by 30,000 candles already lighted by the san pietrin'i, who had been at work for fully two hours. it is needless to dwell upon the splendours of its ?wall- brocades and velvet hangings on the lines of light in every available space, from pavement to ceiling, candelabras, and festoons of crystal chandeliers, the decoration of the Papal Altar, with its frontal of gold and the heavy gold ornaments, and the wreath of natural flower r decorating the Confession and the marble balustrades. Suffice it to say, the whole coup d'otil of the basilica was a triumph of architec tural art. The transparent picture- window of the Holy Trinity, surrounded by its circleB of electric light, shed a steady gold radiance over the apse and on the Papal throne beneath, white against a background of crimson velvet, which formed the central object of the architectural scheme. The side ?nindofra were covered with the transparent pictures of the virtues. On either side small tri bunes were erected close to the throne, that on the right being occupied by the Duchess Maria of Wur temburg and her suite, and that on the left by the picturesque figure of Count Ceschi, Grand Master of the Sovereign Order of Malta. In the centre, occupying the space between the throne and the Papal altar, stretched long rows of the seatB for the Cardinals, Archbishops, and Bishops, behind which, on either side, high velvet-draped tribunes were erected, containing the Roman patriciate and the Diplomatic Corpa. Besides this, a number of smaller tribunes were respectively appointed for the Pecci family, THE KELATION8 OF BLESSED JOHN BAPTIST LA SALLE, distinguished personages of the Augustinian Order, and of the Christian Brothers, various hereditary officials and dignitaries of the Papal Court. No less admirable were the arrangements for the ac commodation made in the lateral and central naveo. A wide pasnage-way for the Papal cortege, formed with barricades, encircled the confession and left free spaces down the length of the centre of the church to the portico. On either side of the lateral nave, and part of the central nave nearer the altar, were divided into num bered tribunes with seats, Sfour large-raised tri bunes being erected at the four sides of the dome for the Chapters of St. John Lateran, St. Peter's, and the architect of tho canonization, and the Papal choir. The lower half of the church nearest the entrance was apportioned to the public with ad mission tickets. Papal soldiers in brilliant uni forms were on guard over the church. The Noble Guard, the Swibs, and the Pontifical gendarmes near the altar, and tha Palatine Guard down the centre. After two hours of waiting, by which time not a vacant space was to be seen in the compact masses of human beings, the dis tant chanting was heard, and through the open doorway passed in from the portico the forerunners of the imposing procession. First in order in a Papal procession come the religious Orders of psni tence, but on this occasion, in virtue of the pre eminence of their saintly founder, THE CHRISTIAN BROTHERS LED THE WAY, followed by the bare-footed sandalled friars — bl»ck, and white, and brown, and grey — each carrying a lighted candle and walking two by two. Slowly and reverently they move along, chanting as they go, Augustinians, Franciscans, Capuchins, Minims, Saleeians, Dominicans, Servites, and Carmelites ; then the monastic Orders — Benedic- tines, Olivetanea, Cistercians, Canons Regulars of the. Lateran, &c.; — a moving phalanx of the reli gious Orders. After them walked the secular clergy of Rome, the Pontifical students, the parish priests, Canons of the Collegiate Church, the Chapter of the Patriarchal Basilicas, each headed by their distinctive beautiful standards of crosses, the Vicegerent of Rome, accompanied by all the officers at the Vicariate, and finally the Congrega tion of Rites. Then appe-red in sight two colossal painted standards, the banners of the new saints, that of Blessed Rita carried by confraternity men, the magnificent tasselled cords which helpad to support it held by the Augustinian religious, fol lowed by a representative group of the citizens of the town of Cascia, proud to follow in the triumph of their saint. The Duke la Salle (the direct de scendant of the saint's brother) was a prominent figure in the . eortege, holding, by virtue of his relationship to the hero of the sanctity, the cord of the beautiful and artistic banner representing the saintly La Salle engaged in his work of turning souls to God. Ever more rich and gorgeous in colour, the cortege proceeds, long files of Pontifical chaplains and Secret Chamberlains in scarlet, velvet-clad Chamberlains 'of the Cape and Sword, the Pope's confessor and preacher side by side, the Procurators of the religious Orders in their varied habits, the Pontifical. cantors in violet, the Auditors of the Rota, the bearers the magnifi cent Papal mitres and the Custodian of the Triple Crown, the Prince Master of the Sacred Hospice, the prelates of the Papal Signatura of Justice, with thurifers and lighted candlea, the Peniten tiaries of St. Peter's in chasubles, their rods of office carried before them. Then come the mitred Abbots, followed by an IMPOSING ARRAY OP FULLY 300 BISHOPS in copes and mitres, a veritable sea of white mitres slowly moving up the aisle. There were Bishops from every part of the world in long defile. Eng land was represented by Bishop Brownlow (Clifton) and Bishop Bourne (South wark), Bishop O'Dwyer (Limerick), Bishop Donnelly (Auxiliary of Dublin), and Bishop Brownrigg (Ossory) for. Ireland, Bishop Chisholm (Aberdeen) for Scotland. Primates and Eastern Patriarchs and 33 members of the Sacred College of Cardinals followed, preceding the Pope and immediate cortege. As the nonagenarian Pon tiff appeared in sight under the golden canopy, borne on the shoulders of the palafreneiri looking so frail, so small, and bo ethereal among the splendid surroundings, an irrepressible shout arose from the crowd and stifled again obediently in de ference to the Holy Father's wishes. When the procession reached the Papal altar . THE SOVEREIGN PONTIFF 8BATED ON THE THRONE received the homage of the Cardinals, and the canonization ceremony immediately began. The first part consisted of the formal instance or peti tion, made to the Pope by the Cardinal Procurator and theConsiatorial Advocate for the canonization of Blessed Rita of Casein, and B'essed John 1$ Salle. The Holy Father replied to the instance that, will ing as he was to recognize their virtues and heroic sanctity, before the concluding decision he would once more implore the help of God and the inter cession of the saints, for which end Mb Holiness intones the Litany of the Saints. At its conclusion1 the Cardinal Procurator and Advocates again approach the throne to prefer their requ*est a second time, adding to the petition Instantius instead of as at the first time Instanter. Again the Father of the Faithful defers the decision to beg the light of the Holy Ghost, intoning the Veni Creator from the throne, in which all present join. For the third time the solemn ceremonial of the instance was performed, this time the word Instan tissime being used. Then comes the final and solemn decree of canonization, pronounced by the Sovereign Pontiff from the throne, according to the rite, by which ' in honour of the holy and un divided Trinity, for the exaltation of the Christian religion, by the authority of Our Lord Jesus Christ, of the blessed Apostles Peter and Paul, and by his own,;the Father of the Faithful decrees and defines to be of the number of the saints Blessed Rita of Cascia and John Baptist la Salle,' etc., etc. After other short Consistorial ceremonials, the Pope, bareheaded and rising from the throne, intoned the Te JDeum— proclaimed by the ringing of the bellB of bt, Peter's, the sign by which all the city knows that the two bcati are declared saints of God for all eternity. From end to end of the basilica THE CHANT KOBE PROM TEN THOTT8AND. VOICES, impressive and thrilling beyond words. After the invocation and prayers to the new saints is made for for the first time, tha Gonfiteor chanted, and the abso lutions given, in which their names are mentioned, the Pope ended the actual rite of canonization by. solemnly bestowing the Apostolic Benediction from the throne. Then followed the Pontifical Mass, celebrated by Cardinal Oreglia at the Papal altar, the Pope, after having recited the 'Judica me deus ' and the prayers as far as the Introit with the Cardinal &t; the foot of the altar, returning to the. throne, whence his Holiness assisted. At the Offer tory took place the beautiful ceremony peculiar to a canonization — the presentation of four symbolical gifts to the Pope by the members of the Postula tion. The offerings consist of enormous painted wax candles representing Christ Our Saviour, the light enlightening the world ; gold and silver loaves of bread on gold and silver plates, .symbolizing that the'saint8 nourished themseives on every virtue to gain heaven ; wine and water in gilt and silver barrels, representing sanctifying grace and the baptism of regeneration ; doves, which denote the peace of the souls of saints ; turtle-doves, the emblems of fidelity ; and a gilded cage of various . birds, which convey the desire of the saints to! fly to the bliss of heaven. In sdemn order, by a Car dinal Bishop, Cardinal Priest, and Deacon of Holy Church, accompanied by Master of Cere monies, religious of the Order of the saint canonized, and a gentleman- in- waiting, the offer ings are laid at the feet of his Holiness. The Ponti fical Mass was accompanied by the exquisite music of the Sistine Choir, whose trained harmonies have : never appeared to greater perfection nor with more , finished execution. The Mass was Palestrina's Hodic Ghristus natus eat, and at the Offertory the choir sang Mustafa's composition of Cantate Domine, with the boy chorus in thefldome, whose angelic ? voices soared in the antiphon of ?? Allelulias.' .'.',,-. AT THE ELEVATION A SILENOB FELL OVER THE ' MIGHTY OHTJROH. ' The Pope knelt before the altar, a clash of arms re echoed as the soldiers bent the knee, and the silver trumpets rendered the soft measures of the harmony in the dome. When the Mass was at last over, and the final Papal Benediction had been given, the ranks of the Hierarchical procession formed again, and the splendid eortege encircling the Sovereign Pontiff on his chair of state passed through the church to the Blessed Sacrament Chapel.;' , Accla mations broke out on every -side, handkerchiefs were waved, and shouts of '' ' Viva' rent the air. This time (the religious ceremony being over) they were permitted, and again and again the solitary figure in the_ chair, the cynosure of all those pre sent, lifted his hand in blessing over the crdwda, until it slowly disappeared under the crimson cur tains. When the crowds had finally dispersed the church was closed until 3, after which it was re opened to the public till the evening, lighted and decorated as it had been at the canonization cere mony. _ And Rome abundantly availed herself of the privilege of visiting the Basilicd in .all its festal beauty. From morning till night the crowds eame and went, incessantly surging in through the many gates, orderly and quiet, admiring, wondering, con gratulating themselves on the Basilica splendid illuminations op the facade o? st. petee's and the colonnades took place in the evening in honour of the new saints, and the houses in the Borgo gleamed like a city. The church stood out against the evening 8ky in lines of fire and light. The orowds were even greater, if possible, than during the day, and not till towards 11, when the steady brill Uncy of torch and lantern began to wane, did the multitudes who had peopled the vicinity of St. Peter's before sunrise take their de parture. This canonization day was truly a Papal day in Rome, and one of the most striking events of the Jubilee Year. 