LETTERS FROM SOLDIERS. Trooper F. Wormleighton, of the second South Australian contingent, writing to Mr. G.A. Parker, of Hind- <*> marsh, from on board the Surrey on Feb- ruary 21, says:—'"We liave had a most en joyable trip up to now. We have had a good rime on board with concerts, boxing, single-Ktickf, and various other amuse ments, and have got along splendidly with the oilier Jads aud officers. There has been a good routine right through, church service on Sunday, and sacred concerts in the afternoon and evening, and just the opposite on other days. There is an am bulance class on board. 1 joined it and having passed all the examinations suc cessfully shall get my certificate. During the voyage we have had plenty of rifle prac tice and our ehooting has been good. Hie South Australian contingent defeated the other colonies in a tug-of-war, and secured the award for the best turn-out in drill and dress. There lias not been any cause for complaint in regard to food on board." Sergeant-Major i'ress, writing from the troopship Surrey, off Port Elizabeth, under date February 22, gives an interesting ac count of the events which occurred after leaving these shores. In describing the levee which the contingent attended on the invitation of the Governor of West Aus tralia he states:—'"Most of the ladies wore red, white, ana blue rosettes, which, how ever, were soon transferred to the manly chests of the soldiers. I heard numerous promises for letter- writing, 'but I am very much, afraid that these promises will not be kept. After lije visit to Perth, the last men got aboard the Surrey as the com panion ladder was hoisted in, and at 1 li.m. -we were fairlj- on our way to the : seat of war. We were accompanied for j several miles by numerous steamers and j tugs, and there were many tearful eyes j amongst the fair passengers -when the last adieus were said. On Sunday morning the first news which greeted us was that 10 i stowaways had been discovered on board. These valiant fellows determined to get to South Africa at any price. They are now all working at their different trades taking their passage out. Three horses only have thought better of the trip and died. First a West Australian nag gave up the ghost, then South Australia, chipped in with a dead 'an. Not to be outdone, a horse from New South Wales gave iris life—just to balance matters, I suppose. Nearly every evening we have a concert, and one of my corps (Trooper Blue) is always in great de mand, as he can sing comic songs until fur ther orders. You mil be pleased to hear that my corps are doing remarkably well at their work, and a better lot of men I never wish to have under me. Sergeant OKver, of West Australia, who was for eight years flag lieutenant in ncr Majesty's navy) and I had a bout with the single sticks one evening last week, and I was pleased to find that after a spell of four years my right band had not altogether lost its cunning. Boxing, tug-of-war, and many other pastimes have been indulged in, and South Australia has held her own in them all." Writing from Cape Town under date February 26, Sergeant-Major Press states: —"Some of the English horses are splendid animals; in fact, most of them are, and it is just grand to see them on the march. On Saturday I went on board the transport Englishman, which brought out the Royal Field Artillery. The officers in vited me to dinner, and I was much struck with the courtesy with which they treated me.' The men also are a fine body of troops, and handle their big guns in a most determined manner. We are to go to Modder River to join General French's column. I have seen one or two men who have been wounded, and they say that we will have a rather rough time of it for a while." Sergeant F. Laycock, of the first South Australian contingent, writes a chatty let ter, dated February 28, from Berkshire Hill. -He describes the past weeks as be ing the most exciting the corps ever wished for, and, he adds, a little of such experi ences should go a Jong way towards satis fying any but the most bloodthirsty. It seems a very debatable point as to wlrcther, to use an expression of one of the com pany, they are better off mounted. The horses handed over for their use formerly belonged to the Ist Madras Lancers, and they know quite as much, and in some cases a little more, about the drill than their riders. But all the joy at having a real soldierly horse is knocked out by the actual experience of saving to live on its back for the best part of a week. "Tired well, if any one of our iboys happened to strike on a feather bed, it is quite safe to say that he would sleep well over Easter. The guns used by the Boers are variously known amongst us by terms more vigo rous than polite, but ihe 'pom poms' are usually hailed with 'Here you are, 10 a penny; who'll have another shj-T The sensation of crossing an open space under a heavy artillery fire cannot be violently recommended to anyone suffering from heart disease. On my initial trip in this direction I moved with as much celerity as is consistent -with mili tary etiquette. At least I tried to. Only a day or two ago about 30 of us were told off to approach a kopje, where it "was understood the Tasmanjane were badly in want of help. We advanced in extended order, but having to pass tiirough a gate our force gradually bunched. We were now about 500 yards from the kopje, and some half-dozen had passed through the gate when, bang, bifi, bang, and lie bilk were alive with Boers, all carefully concealed behind their beloved rocks. The bullets did everything but strike as; still as tliey were becoming suffi ciently familiar the order to retire was given in language unsuitable for a parade ground. Several records were established in our efforts to get out of range. At an inspection later on it was discovered that neither ihorses nor men had received' a scratch. So much, for Boer marksmen. It was just at this time, though in- another por tion of the field, that we had the misfor tune to lost Mr. Lambie, "The Advertiser" correspondent. He is greatly missed by aIL Unaffected, and free from all attempts at ridiculous ''side'- as put on by some visitors out here, poor Lambie was like one of us. To give you an idea of what work -means out here, I may mention that i never had an opportunity of speaking to Lambie until the night before lie went out on his fateful mission. "Smiler" Hales also came to grief, whether from fright or accident is not known. He was taken j prisoner. Beyond these two our only other casualty, strange to say, was one man slightly wounded. We had a very warm time of it yesterday while out on j picket duty. Our relief tad arrived, but before handing over the 'post we indulged in a casual look around. Suddenly, it seemed from everywhere, it rained bullets. One man mounted had charge of our horses. His mount was struck by a bullet, and that was enough for him. The horse left, taking with him his rider and all our horses. We were in a pretty fix. Fired at from the four quarters, as it seemed, and yet not an enemy in sight. One by one ire dropped down behind rocks, and after an hour or so of crawling and wriggling we struck a farm. Xater on, the artillery came x>n the scene£md we were enabled to get back to camp. Another picket had secured our horses. Little incidents like these help very .^materially to dispel any day dreams or castles romantically con jured up by oar preliminary picnic on the Medic, and the majority of the Austra lians who survive this campaign will be i fitted to fight in any part of the world. Our general health is good, and when in ac tion we feel happy and contented, ihe grumblers being tew and far between. What with the ever-changing scene, fresh troops, and lively companions time is never allowed to drag. But, still, a small, wee voice suggests that the regret will not be universal ov-hen the war is declared off." 