MEN WHO NEVER SLEEP OR SPEAK. The most) c-rtraordinavy instance of a man who could uot sleep comes from Wisconsin, Mr. Edward Bain, a man who counted his wealth 'by millions, and who died recently in the prime of life, 7icvr undressed and went to bed as the averasw paraon- does for 16 yearu,, And this woivtujp the title of 'Tho Man who Nw-.' Slop-.' As a young man ne -vas wi such. » hurry to make & fortune than he worked. '20 hours a day, and, devoted clie Mnurarag four hi taking 'short inatabis of ?«£& u» »& aria-ohaii1 in his omcoj H*£ipi fh!s ap for so tong tfiai- finally tfrnt) 'bwran to tell its talc, and Mr. Bain's Trifft t&& rrieuda persuaded him to take II' eas?'- aud «nploy others vo do t-he sftu'k- he hud mtherto so persistently perform ecJ himself. After much per , -juasioi.'. ha did as suggested, and retired i'-oin the business altogether. His men Hi machinery, which had ceaselessly '-?? ifofrHd for 30 years, refused to atop, Ana h* 'j&uld; not sleep. fle took to i'armingo and worked !&? borious'ty from sarly niom to sunset, (but to no avail ? and he soon found Dbwi htj feared to full asleep, Doctors wrw .viiiauiVftd, and they unanimously agreed cuut, jiiotKKi would soothe his brain, av.d -.ivised him to drive through; the coiiu (T7 day abd night. For thre.« years is drov& furiously afoouli the stroBts ^i Kwuosha, but; it failed to soothw his pooi?, wear/ bruin. Soon the malady in areaued, and ad crept about a thiu, pale ghost of ni» former self. Thereafter, night after night. &he; m'aTi who never slepi took to riding all night in a special railwuj' fram. Fop 16 years the unhappy millionahv passed a Weary existence, n* which outraged Na ture refused to grant him a, ;aste of oDlmuu. One night- his wife found him dead in hifi ohair Sleep haa come at lace. A man riving in Dondon has not been to bed for 12 years. This pooi* fellow, a hardware merchant in a large way or business, having made up his nimd to Kuooeed in life when a young man, garn iro all society and eompanionstnp aim devoted himself to his self-impoeed task In ten years he became the owner ot one1 nt; *,he largest manufactories in fne kmndimv. He work'eil' nrh'en oth'sr f)?ople slript, m-t the strain of years ois such enncen fcrntion aoott told upon him. At last nleep becanio a. tftrror to him, and he believed that if he were to allow tho *nub ot Morpheus to encircle him he would die in consequent*. That.' any human being should be so wanting1, in sense qa to .record a tow to remain dumb itor any length of time »?ems almost- inconceivablo ; yet many persons huve been known to abstain fvom sp«ei-H. Edward- John Cunning htuu., who was lately released from San Quentia'Gaol, San Francisco, kept a vow never to speak for an extraordinary .long period. When Cunningham entered tliH gaoi nine y«ars ago he took' a solemn oath that no word would -w-ap« his lips during; the period of his seclusion. A vow no! to speak mud* by Frank Bow'den, i»f Coventry, has beon kept for ove-' five year-\ This young' man was hi iove with i $??{, *ud on* (]»y he an consciously allowed *. »ienrenc« to drop from hi« lips »tiuA immediately jauwd offenc.-), and th* young kdy thought iv. better thai- theiv acquaintance ?ihbuld unase.. The knowledge that his own Mofiim -fords hart been th« fiaustf of his Ci'oubltf «u preye'l upou hifi mind *hat h» swnrei h»* vroiild maintain absolute silence from f.h*1; 'tay. Bowdcu hue* stood1 b'y lm gia't.fc in* five y«are, notwithstanding aTV kiuds jf in fluence 'brought ???/«- lieaj' -ipoii him to upeak. Whenever it fywonres necwisa-ry fm- him to communicate hiB /teedn or wants to others he doer- 30 Jr. writing or br motions, and he has also deck-red in ?ffriting that nu word will escape his lips until the young lady will forgive him and renew their friendship. — 'Tit-Bits.' 