v BUTTER-MAKING. rMitijc is a mixture of. very minute' globules of. fat-suspended in n watory solution of milk sugar, vcasoin, some albumen, resQmbling tho thin white of " egg, and some salts, not much in quan- tity, but very essential to tho require ments of tho young growing animals. Sugar to keep up vital licnt, essoin nnd albumen to keep up muscular strength, and salfs to mnko liono, make up this wohdorfnl, perfect food wo call milk. If .wb put nlilk aside in any vossol, nnd ,let it stand, the fat globules' rise to the - top of tor a. timo' nnd -form a yellow coloured layo't- or coating which wo coll cream. This cifcani is tho butter part of milk; and- tho first Btop, towards butter is the getting, awny of tliis cream from.tho milk as rapidly and; perfectly as lpo38iblo. . 'Alloynng' the ' crcahi to pise of itself out of' the milk is slow ond- has its risks; liccausb' the other part of . thb niilk undergoes chan'ga by oxposuro ;to tho air, -soura,:! and gives, a bad flavour to the croain that will spoil tho future butter. - . - Here comes in the. -value of tho . modern cream-separators that can' re- . ceiye the milk almost as-it combs from ' the'eow, and wo quickly get the' cream out of oho pipo and tho skin milk: out of tho , other. Thorb Is no timo for it to spoil, no need of yards of space- for the 8ottiug-pnns in which is put a quantity of milk only to got the cream, and there is no tedious work of skim ming, with its unavoidable gathering of much of tho old changed milk nt tho same timo. Tims, by moans of the soparntor, wo get well on tho way to produoing good butter in obtaining . olean fresh : cream from the milk. Orcam to niako rich-flavoured, butter requires rlponingf nnd this is a dollcato ' process; .goino persons;, when tbero is not muoh orcein to deal with, ato In the hablt of Itooping oaoh batch apart, and- at churning time putting ! all together into the churn,: It is much better, hbWovor, to put all: tho crebm ., for a ohurning into a single vcsSol, woll . stirring when eaoh addition is made ; by this moans tho riporiing of tho oldor cream is cheokcd by tho presence of tho fresh, and the ripening of tho latter is hastonod. ' This ripohing is tho work;, of baotoria, and ; it -is possible '' to: buy ' ; preparations or cultures of tbeso agonts by monnB of whioh, whon addod to tho ore&m;, it is possible to dovelop In n few. hours just the flavour required. Our cream is nowseperdted audripenbd, and next comes tho ohurning. This '' means that the small globules of butter- .. fat require to bo gontly 'agitated until they form llttlo distinct grains. Tho best, churns aro those that do not violently agitato the cream' in ; them' by, dasblng; but gently throw tboir con-; tents from side to sldo. The end over end ohurns are excolleht ; tbo hoad being removable, tho inside enri bo got at ' for thorough oleaning and scalding out. In butter-making, milk and, oteam must be kept absolutely .olean, and' , : although light, and air must yhovo- aocess, great care must bo taken to , avoid foul air and strong odours. Ohurning ; should . proceed . : until tho butter grains are tho sizo of wheat -kernels, and as soon ns this stato arrives tho timo for. which varios according to the tompcrdturo and" condition of the croain, ohurning is stopped and . the butter-milk is drained out-fis inuoh as possible. Cold Water Is then- poured In, tho ohurn gontlyrookod, tho wator drained off, and bo on until tbo water runs away- almost olear. . On. no account must the butter betouobodor .worked until the last trnco of butter milkkas been , worlqjd : out. Thon tho butter grains are colleoted on d,siove andplaoed on tho buttor-workor. Tho ; worker, is woll scalded, and then wotted with cold water, tho mass of buttor then being laid thereon, and a rollor, run over it, kneading the last drop of water that . oan bb got out. All hand ling must bb dono with flat wooden slabs, called "Scotch hands"; on' no account must tho human hand touch tho buttor. Tho moss' that too ofton is sold as butter is soldom fit to oat, tho ghost of its dirty history rises up ' so readily, and holds out a warning finger... 