City Council Meeting, ELECTION OF COMMITTEES. At the fortnightly meeting of the City Council last night there were present The Mayor (Alderman D. Miller), and Aldermen Kidd, Gilbert, Hyde, Timbory, Thorn, Cann, Webb, Sharp, Fraser, Ellis, Under-Secretary Department of Justice wrote as follows:-"Referring to your let ter of I8th August last, bringing under notice the action of Sir. L. S. Donaldsou, S.M., in refutilng to grant costs to the oillcer of the council in cascs for breaches of the municipal bylaws, I am directed by the Minister of Justice to inform you that the papers on the subject were referred to the Attorney-General, who has advised that there Is no legal point involved in the matter, which is one entirely in the discre tion of the Justices under the Justices Act (No. 2), 11 and 12 Vie., bht he has ex pressed the opinion that It wouhl ho right and proper for.instices to allow reasonable costs in all such cases."-tRecelved. The Principal Under-Secretary, in reply to the council's letter, saish that tie In spector-General of Police reported that in his opinion it would be injudicious to strictly enforce the law by attempting to prohibit the sale of fruit and temperanceo drinks on Siinday.-Recoived, Alderman Kldd remarling that the public should take the matter up. He saidthat tobacco and cigars were hawked round the reserves by aliens on] Sundays. Audley Reny, sceretary Toronto Progress Association, solicited the council's as siotance at the interview with the Mini ster respecting the Toronto- Newcastle road.-Received, the Mayor to accompany the deputation. Mr.' WV. Hillier, secretary Newcastle West Fire Brigade, suggested tlut in view of the fmiequency of the grass tires in the cemetery, Hunter-street WVest, tile cosnnll should insist on the grass being cnt down. -Ths Mayor said the Presbyterilan portion of tho comnetery would be attended to, and he had no doubt Father O'Donohue would olok after the other. "Under-Secretary Department of Lands notified that the aligalnent of certain streets, mentioned in the letter, would shortly be gazetted.-Received, the amount charged for survey fees to be forwarded to the department. \- Thomas Rodgers, who was recenstly dis charged from the electric light station, asked" to be relnstated.-Alderman Thorn moved; "That Rodgers be reinstated." He did not believe in persecuting anyone, and as Redgers had always proved himself a good workman he was deserving of another chance. If 110 transgressed again they could give him to unslerstand that he would be dismissed. Alderman Smith seconled pro forma. Alderman Kidd opposed. Rod gers' conduct was inexcusable. Ailerman Smith thonght tile young fellow should be given alother chance. It was due to drink that he had made an ass of himself. In answer to Allermun Kidd, the Mayor said Rodgers' place had Ilot been filled for the reason that a minu was not required. Al derman Timblury opposed. Rodgers hadl well earned dismisal, and untl his re appointment was recommended by the manager he. wvold not suplort the motion. Aldermau Gilbert said ho did not know Redhers, but having been dealt with by the' council he could not see his way 'clear to support the motion. The matter was idft in the hands of the Mayor. The improvement comnmittee's report, dealIng with matters of .no public import ance, was adopted. Tile finance committee recommended pay ment of uceouuts amounting to £351 4s 3d, incinsding £91 14s 9d electric light ac cesinte,. Alderman Timbury reported the' reullt of the deiotitation to, the Minister respecting the Narrabrl-Waigott railwvay, the wrecks at the harbour entrance, and the new post office. Particulors of tihis deputation hoes already been published. Aldermain Cann sdrew Ittention to the state of the town clock, which was either dlirty or it requlired more light. Tile u~rinal in Neowastle r Vest shouldh also be .re mnhedetle W h s r Aldmemun Thorn said tiere was no water in one of tile fltaine in Union-street.w : Aideranun Sharp waonted to iknow If tie MAlsor sad givenl permission (or an office tu be erected near' the Carrmistonf Bridge. Tohe Mayor snaid the street was close. for Trame Juot sow, nad the building hod hoel erected by tIle Messrs. hledden. AIldermasn Timbeury asked that steps ho ales to have the smombur e nnisao at tie teylul oabated.t Alderman Smith lnfornmed the coulncil that a chimney 120It high was about to be erected at the asylum. Tile followving consmittees were elected- Improvementc-Thoe whole cowslel.ce FIlance.--The Mayor, Aldermen Sharp, Tinorury. Cans, Ellis. BylurWo.-TIl Maysr, Alderlen Thnrn, Webb, Smith, Goibort, , T " n Special.-The Mayor, At drmen Thorn, Webb, Kidd, lHyde. Works.-The Mayor, Aldermen Webb, Smith, Thorn, Gilbert. Electric Light-Tile Mayor. Aiderisen Sharp, Timbury, Ellis, Caml. " Ahlermen Tihnbury and Sharp were em poweretd to sign cheques on behalf of the cotuncil. '1Ih Mayor moved, "That applications bn invited for two competent persons to act con~join~tly is mobing aI valatlotuo of oil ratable property within the v ltloicpallty fsr tile nrowe wrrent year." - Aidermahns Thorn seconded. Alderman oith proisosed to ftile fee. at £50, and mihovell 01oomendmnt to tlat effect, but there was no secnlder. Alderman Smith moved, "TThat thle valuers be pahi £75." They should have twvo good 11101 to vahml thle property iln tile' city, and £75 was not a penny too mucih - Aldermoan Ellis seconded. The valuers in tile past had not been paid suificient for. their services., - Aldermal cKidd held similar views. Alderman Webb thought that the valuers should not be chosen in pairs, but separ ately. Aslerman Thorn opposed tie proposed Increase. There had been too mueh 'but ton-holing in the past. No price should be fixed for the work. On one occosion the Ship Inn was left out of the vailatlon al together. (The town clerk : Twenty-four years 1go.) Ahlermal Smith supported the mnend ment. By fixing the amount they Would get more competent valuers, and that was what tle council wanted. Allerman Timbnry said it wats absolutely necessary that they had men of weight. Last year their valuers were outweighted, aud the council had not the ghost of a chance. The expert evidence brought by the appellhnts was too much for the valuers last year, and he was strongly of opinion that the valuers themselves should be ompowered to engage experts. (Hear, hear.) The amendment, lixing the fee at £75, was carried. Alderman Cann moved, "That the city esgineer bo instructed to prepare estimate of cost for tor-metalling Hunter-street WVest, south side of tramway, from A.A. Co.'s Bridge to Cottage Bridge." Seconded by Alderman Webb, and car ried.. Alderman Cane moved, "That the city engineer be instructed to submit specifica tion for taking lp and repairitg the glt ters with concrete on tie south side of Hunter-street West, from Burwood-street to Aulckland-street.-Carried. Alderman Thorn moved, "That this council hereby places on record its sense of the able administration of tihe ofice of Mayor by Alderman A. Tismbury, J.P., dsr ing the past year, and that the resolutionbo conveyed to him by letter." loe moved the motion with considerable pleasuee. ies always gave n man credit when It was due, ald Alderman Timbury hasi unoubtedliy carried out his daties with every success. Ahlermal Shnrp seconded 0ad Aidermorlan Smith supported the motion, which sesuo earried by aechllamtion. The Mayor Imoved, "That the filnnce committee be instructed to prepare and submlit to the coeucll 1m estilato of the probable amounne that will be required for: the current municipal year, in addition to any tolls, rates, or dues levied, or auoth rlsed to be levied, within the municipality, and to any probable income from flnes, voluntary contributions, endowments, or other source of Income, to carry on the fencing, makitg and repairing of any roads; bridges, punts, wharves, piers, or any other public works withtn the municipialtty and asy other necessary expense for car rying into offect the provisions of the Act.". Seconded by Alderman. Kidd, and carried. The Mlayor monved, "That tenders be call ed for supplies for the current munteipal year, nos foows':-Siattonery, printing, cartihg, drain-pipes, bricks, oils, colours, paints, plumbing, kerb and gutter stones, timber, ironmongery, coal (general), coal (electric light),, poles.-Carriced. 