" Gentxehait'b Magazine.'' That the Druidio rites as practised in Ireland and Scotland were neither Celtic nor Semitic, hat Turanian in origin, appears to he highly probable. The belief in Drnidism has nndergone some •violent fluctuations. Two hundred years ago it was rampant : Toland and his wild theories were received with open arms. A hundred years ago a complete resotion set in, and some critics refused to acccept the Druids at any price : no snoh organisation, they argued, ever existed. In a modified degree this is the modern attitude, hat the modification is of some importance. It is generally accepted as a settled point that the so called Druidic circles were by origin grave enclosures, bnt it is also freely admitted that, at a subsequent period, Druidic or other religions rites may have been performed within some at least of the groups of standing stones. The Soman historians distinctly affirm the prevalence of Dratdism in Britain, and Irish and Highland traditions alike appear to offer confirmation of their accounts, so far as Ireland and Scotland are concerned. It is quite reasonable to give some degree of credence to these evidences without accepting the elaborate system of Drnidism which some writers have evolved from their imaginations. "We may believe that a compara tively pure form of Pantheism, into which debasing influences gradually crept, may have prevailed, and that its rites may have been conducted in consecrated groves, and later, possibly, within the grave circles. The latter were certainly used in historio times for judicial and similar functions. It may be remarked that the Sagas describe the primitive Thor's temple as a structure gimilar to the grave circles of this country ; the dom-riDgs of Scandinavia are supposed to have been used for the worship of Thor. It is also not impos sible of credence that the doctrine of the transmigration of sorils and other tenets of religious creeds in modern times mav have been held by the Druids. But it is dear that the most noteworthy feature of the Druidic religion was its claim to magic arts. The word Druid is probably derived from the Sanscrit rooh druh, which, according toProfessor MaxMuller, means " mischief," or •' power of dark ness," hence the Anglo-Saxon form of dry, a magician. The Irish Fingalian legends are full of the magical exploits of the Druids. They were reputed to have power to raise or allay tempests at their pleasure, and to envelop themselves or others in a magical fog thicker even than that which conceals their own history. St. Patrick in Ireland and St. Colnmba in Scotland are related to have had many encounters with their magical arts, from all of which, of conrse, the Saints emerged victorious. We are told by Adamnan that the Pictish kings were the patrons in Scotland of these magi cians. The Irish Ron himself was a wizard not to he despised. By sucking the thumb wbicb bad pressed the " Salmon of Knowledge," he conld see every concurrent event in Ireland. The poor Drnid Ron, whom the yontbfol son of Cnmbail robbed both of bis name and his " Salmonseope," is deserving of our sympathy. The Danaans who, accord ing to Irish traditions came to Ireland from Denmark and Sweden were mighty magicians. They ejected their kinsfolk, the Erholgs, from the island, and were themselves subsequently deprived of their possessions by the Milesian Soots, against whom their Druidic arts ultimately proved unavailing. "We are told that the Danaans taught the simple . (Gothic) Scandinavians their black magic. If we examine the primitive religion of Scandinavia as set forth in the Eddas, we find a close similarity between it and the fragmentary traditions of Drnidism which have been preserved. The Eddas, supplemented by the Sagas, give ns a picture of magic similar to that of the Druids, of giants, ghosts, fairies,' witch craft, and second sight, which is faith fully reflected in Scottish and Irish legends and superstitions. Even the mistletoe, which is exclusively associated with the Druidic religion of Britain or with its accretions, must perhaps goto the oredit of Scandinavia, for we iind that it was this apparently insignificant, hnt actually potent, plant that was the instrument of the death of Baldur, Odin's son, whose memory even at thepresent day may he unwittingly perpetuated in some parts of the Highlands by the May Day fires which were, and perhaps Brill are, lit on the hill tops. 