FEDERAL FLAG. "HERALD" COMPETITION. AWARD MADE LAST NIGHT. JUDGES ARE UNANIMOUS. MR F. THOMPSON WINS. INTERESTING PARTICULARS WE SHALL HOIST THE FLAG. We are pleased to be in a position to announce that the gentlemen who acted as Judges of the designs sent in for "The Herald" Federal Flag Competition, ar- rived tit their derision last evening at Mr Buxton's Art Gallery, Collins street. There were present Sir F. T. Sargood. M.L.C. (iti Uie riiulr). Major General Downes, Professor E. E. Morris. Captain A. Currie, president of the Marine Board; Mr W. Skelton, president A.N.A.: and Mr F. H. Bruford, Deputy Income Tax Commissioner. After a long and careful consideration of the designs left in the final batch, they unanimously decided that the prize should go to one bearing the motto "Concordia," and which represents a very fine bold, and striking flag. At- tached to the Judges' written derision Is the following note, signed on their behalf by Sir F. T. Sargood:— "The committee expresses its satisfac- tion at the excellence aud variety of the designs submitted." In addition to this memo, the Judges expressed their surprise at the magni tude of the display, which they regard ed as a splendid response to "The Herald's" offer, and the paper was con- gratulated upon the result. On the mo tion of Captain Carrie it was suggested that the proprietors of "The Herald" should have a flag constructed in accord- once with the prize design and displayed from the staff of some prominent build ing in the city. The management have decided to adopt this excellent proposal and the flag, as soon as made, will be displayed in this manner, and also from time to time on the flagstaff above "The Herald" office. Several of the designs sent in bore the motto "Concordia." and on reference this morning to the sealed envelopes It was found that the one which secured the award had come from MR F. THOMPSON, Bookseller and Stationer. 165 Bourke street. The talented winner of our compe tition, Mr Frederick Thompson, has for the past ten years carried on a suc- cessful business as a stationer, book- seller, and newsagent, at 165 Bourke street, a little above the Intersection of Russell street. When apprised of his good fortune, he expressed himself as completely astonished. "Why," he said, "I never dreamt that I had the ghost of a show out of all those thou- sands upon thousands of designs; but I took an Interest in the question, as an Australian, and so 1 tried my luck, and sent in two entries, identical design but varying in color. I assure you I would rather rather have had the honor of winning this competition than ten times the money." Briefly speaking, the design has as its basis the ordinary flag of the mercantile marine. In "Concordia," the field is red. In "Unlo" it is blue. That is all the difference. On the field ap- pears the familiar constellation of the Southern Cross In white. The distinc- tive feature of the flag is that the space beneath the "Jack" in the left hand up- per corner, is filled with alternate hori- zontal bands of red and white, each re- presenting one of the federal colonies. Simplicity. effectiveness, and a little touch of inventive genius have gained for the red flag "Concordia," the unani- mous suffrages of the Judges. Mr Thompson can obtain his cheque for 1.25 on application at this office. If this design is adopted by the Federal Parliament for the national flag further award of 1.25 will he made to him. Now that the decision has been an- nounced, the whole of the designs are be- ing handed over to the executive com- mittee of the Children's Hospital Bazaar, who will exhibit the flags in Buxton's Art Gallery, probably to-morrow or next day. The proprietors of "The Herald" place the beautiful collection unreservedly in the hands of the committee, which will announce the time of throwing the room open to the public. "The Herald" cordially thanks the gentlemen who acted as Judges for the trouble they have taken in the matter, and congratulates them upon the fact that their decision was unanimous. We trust to find their selection later on adopted as that for the Federal Flags by the Commonwealth Parliament. 