OUR AMERICAN LETTER. A MONTH'S SPORT IN THE STATES. PUGILISM, CYCLING, ATHLETICS, AND YACHTING. SENSATIONAL BATTLE BETWEEN CHOYNSKI AND WALCOTT. The. Colored Phenomenon Too Good — ' Coondorn Shrieks ' — The Big Fellows Still Talking— Dan Creedon Wins. fBy W. W.NAUGHTpN.:!— SAN JVR'ANOISCO, March' 21, 1000. ' * To say Miat Coondom shrieked when Joe Ohoyasici foil' would be to convey out- a mild idea of tho manner. in wliich tho.'cul- lird population' ? chortled over dusky Joe 'Walcott's 'hesroic (Handling of tho big blonde fighter. As the allair occurred on the night of FSbfuary 25, i't is more ;than probable Chat 'the details ot that sensational soven rounds nave already oeen placed beforo tho' rea- : case, how-ever, it will be necessary to refer briefly to what transpired within -:th2 ring in order to givo tro]nt,'Eo/the:- after-: niath. . ? .??:'?''' ''?'?: i![J. Before -the men stripped , for the fray. 'L'horo wasn't ono sport in a hundred around, New Vork Who thought that Walebtt-ihad a ghost of a chance. ' -Choynski's: friends' offered 5 to 1 on their-man, and as faylas car. be learned, tho biggest wager.- hvas' made at ilhe ringside when Al Smith, 'the veteran stakeliolder, 'laid Tom O'Rourke, Walcott's manager, 1000 dollars to;200. :« ; , The contrast between Choyhski and T7al-: cott -was laughable. -The. tall, whito. fellow kept a low guard,, and .- Walcctt went at him. _ The Mack 'boy. landed a hard right or.' the jaw.i-and Joe becamo'demoralisea. He tried to make a sprinting match of , it, 'but 'Waleott bearded -aim. off, and floored him no 'less ?taiati: 'three, 'times in ?the open ing'rouhtl/^ ?'?' '.:':' . ''.r '? ??' -;i ?'.'/.,'}-.? '::y ''.. ' D'uriug.'tho .-w'liole of; tire' seven .rounds thero was never 'a tinro- when Choynski -dp.- ' pcaTed able to . steady vnimself . ; . . He. \ was. floored ??'?with1, smashes on the jaw, .and' doubled up with', w-iacks on the ribs, and it was a rmorciful . 'act'Re-fereo-'-: Johnnie .White, called a toalt, .and;- save .the .decision to the black whirlwind. : '???- ': :.:: .? '' .: . , .The sports who witnessed t'ho 'go 'were 'knocked ? speechJess,' so to speak, ~-but ?they 'found t'heir'ton'guos.'ncxt.day. -/.It.ap-: peras 'that O'Rourke; who has no love for Choynski, gave oult 'that ..the tall CaJifor-' nian demamled and: received -75. per: cent, ot the goto ? receipts ljefore: he entered ,.1'iio rillK. - .'-..- ?- .-...':-'-.?.-?- -r ,- .; .- -/ ..- In expl.-jration of 'this: Choynski said that -.0 ?foiicht'v.-ith'a^broken^Tib.-and that as the club insisted 'onjiini ?- keeping; h'is cn Siigement; 5iq ''aalcfdvlor; tljtt'jllon'j?: share1 0£. I'ho ,plur.deiv.and**aloo; requested -;r'tha-t ;ail , bets be .dcclarefl' off.''1''- Choyu'sKi ' produced' a-: stabement''. from-; one .ipf: Mulr, ''sefctlng . forth, iiat. 'the', fractured riii.. was' 'no.'mytli,: arid that 'Choynskt .. also ' suffered '.'from an attack of influenza. ?..?.'.-. . ,^- ? ' ; ?: -/ ? ','.??'? . CHOYNSiaiN'rilOTJBLE':'. .'??' .. For all'. that, '.- very fen- peaple. took slock in Choynski's ; oxplanatiou. :;.Tho' '.'New York World', .instanced i.'lihat Choynski boxed at. George DIxon's boheiittwo nigh'ts prior to his 'affair 'with '.WalcoLt, -and -made no complaint of an. injured i-iti.. ,? '.Other papers, referred, to Choynski as '? a faker.'- who 'had 'thrown his friends do\ra, and to: cap all, O'.Rou'rke oame'ouf in 'print- to^tho' oiTc=ct that Choynski;. had 'delibera'tely. ofCered to fake' a fight, at 'the Leiiox ? Club wit'h Gus Kuhlin a year .: ago.' : Ho added.. 'I have still got Ms-, letter' in . -n»hich:he made 'the proposition.' ? ?,?:.':?'.?-?' ?., O'Rourko said : further, '.'Thlsv fellow Choynski is without a. doabt a very poor loser. ;I ??will bet him SOOdol. that h'e'had no broken rib, - and I'll make' another .match: n-lth him, an-d ' bet him.riOOOdol.;' that ;,tlie. colored-boy will do 'him just as easily 'as he did -tho btlier night.'-' ?.: .' ' '.'?'?';'?:?'? -.; 'Says tho, Now York correspondent of. the CincinnalJ ' 'Enquirer' :— 'Sporting: ;. men' here continue to argucthat there is no ex-, ctisc for Choynski, ; no mabter how leniently any . rwrson . may be disposed to iook upon his case. Ho took his chances because, ho got the price he demanded from the cluu., He botrayed his friends, because he under took to fight when he was not- in condi tion.'.. : '? ?'':'.' '?.'?.?'? -. ' ^r-:'.\ ? y ' .;;.''. ?'??-.' It is difficult to say which phase of public feeling is more pronounced— disgiisC at Choynski's w;eird ways 'or ?' am'usemcnt:j at the peacock, manner in which sawed-otl Walcott is swelling himself and strutting around. Biack Joe was. the guest of -honor at an informal gathering , of- brunett« bruisers in a New York 'hostelry a few nights after the mill, and they say, 'the war talk ' born :? of that conrivlal meeting Iwded ill ito all; the -.white folks ensaged in the pugilistic game. ..'-'-,' : ; ,.,..- ?' Walcc-tt told his listeners that, he was actually afraid .to put: all his: strength .into. a punch for 'fear of breaking 'his opponent in two. Ho raid that no nenevea snai-icey ivould prefer climbing tho, . tallest niast In die merchant marine of any country, 'and- jumpina off to lighting -him while as1 for ?tliat dude ? Corbc'tt, 'Well, it would bo a pity, to ask-'him 'tOi'faco mo,' said Joe.;:-: : The upshotof it all is^that Joe Walcotc, ivas ehallengod the world to meet': him :. in the prize ring., 0'Hourke's stable,- whion includes1 Shorkey and Bob Armstrong, is tarrod, not that Walcott doubts his ability. to-trim any of O'Rourke's stars, buf be-, cause sentimental scruples f orbid Lhlm ; to illuso his stable mates.; Here. is Walcodt'a. challenge:—1:- ' . ?'; ...'..':'.:..', ? /-. ' 'I hereby challenge, any man, of rsputn-; tion in Uie. world to fight mo at any weight; and for any amount.' .Those in O'Uourke's stable, of -course, are barred; and' the star big fellows like lI'CojY Fitzsimmons, Cor ?Ixltl, and'Jeffries aro preferred. This: Chal lenge is in earnest; an^ I am ready to put up a deposit with any reliable person, and stand, ready to sign articles, at a ?? momentts notice.' ? . ? ' '''''- It is tho universal opinion that Walcott will not do permitted to cut much; of a swath through tho heavy-weight region. Wise fighters like 'Kid' M'Coy and Tommy; Ryan havo drawu the color line; and fel lows like Fitzslrambns, Jeffries, and Corbett ?will, no doubt, hold that it would he be neath their dignity to notlcesuch a freak as O'Rourke's sable dwa.rf. Sharkey, beins and como. peoplo seem ; to , think that the new condition ot affairs ?will have the effect of cementing tho bonds which bind the sailor and tho Bostonian. :, V : ' ; ;; : :; 'O'Rourko could have a wnolo lot of -fun now if Shariey broke away from him,' said an Eastern sport. 'He could, and ?would, put lip a forfeit on'Walcott's behalf, and he would make tho sailor's life miserable with overtures for fight. And Sharkey doesn't want any of Walcott, if you believe me. He's as game as most men, is Sharkey, but ho knows a bad thing when, he sees it.' He sampled .loo once in' a friendly set-to, and ever' alter- that thn- coon ? was barred. {} KolirKO Tneu oil lie kucw uu iihyv cvuurjtey box dally -irith Walcott when the fight with Jell'rles 'ir.ls coming off, but Sharkoy would not stand for it' The Waleott-Choynskl go was not the only entertaining happening in pugilistic circles during tho past four weeks. The matching of Tom Sharkoy and Bob Fitzsimmons was, and is, an event of moment, -while the news that Coriett and Fitzsimmons had buried the hatchet caused tho tonsuea ot the- gos sips to wag blither;. ; There is a neat little story tola in con nection with tho last, mentioned incident. Corhntt, as his acquaintances kuoiw,:ha3 be come quite a framer of conciliatory speeches ahd'-a.snyer ..of- nice' things- generally since ho began to sell cocktails for a livelihood. Ho is wi3b iu'his generation, for tho soft answer'\'that :turneth away, wrath- is spe cially;useful in 'separating a' spender from his money. ,':'?',:':????; ; ?.'?'.-.' ;- '.?- :'?'??':?'? ? \- -Wheni. mutual7: friend. -brought Corbett and iBob.-faoe .to face' and suggested that they, grip handsahd forget 'all about Carsou and the other sore'spots 'that nes'pongled the ground ? they ;had /traversed, Corbett was equal /'to Uhe 'a ccasion.V 'He dellvere-l him self of a'little bunch of ; platitudes, in which he, argued/. that ?'?? long-continued- enmity placed money in no man's poeket. He said ?he. was Jjnore.'than: willinc to let the dead past bury its dead.; .He shook Bbbls horny hand in a whole-souled ivay, and he smilca .lllte a serauli. . ' :: '. ,:': ;' '???';:?,:?' ?''???.?'?\ . :.'.- ' I Jt was lip' to Bob to say something- touch- ing and: appropriate fin reply, but he wasn't ,;as' ready-witted : as: 'Corbett.;' He : blushed and stammered,: anil when he. finally found his tongue all -ho could say, was ; : t'All. right; Jim. -Let has-beens be ihas-be'ens ! ' ?'??'*' ? ? And -Bob 'WonderedV'why.-they-dllHiUerea.1 '?;? ;,;FITZST.\rMONS::AND SHAEJCEY. ' ; ' ?'? :\\.:-;-: ;: ..??.: ima!tohed.- ;?-,,; ';,:;??-?-?-? : ' Fitssimmons and -' Sharkey 'broke ?' the re-, cord in the ? match-making line when: they -cnt tOEroth«-t*'nn -Mjin:!! n. inNftw Vnrlf '.itn'l ih..less:than fourteen :minute3, arranged all. the details of a heavy-weight contest :tha't will eaual In importance any ever: fought for.fhe.'chdmpionsliip.; Even the matterfof t'ho :.solection'of a; -referee was:-settleil:-.buX hand,';'Tim Hiirst; of-, baseball .fame,-' being1' mutually' agreed upon by both men.: ;- ' ';: When CRpurfce, Sh'arkey^andFitzsini mous met: by. appointment O'Rourke asksd the : Cornlshman :-. IE 'his ? manager .would -So 'preseu't'.'.' ;?'.'''?': '..'?''.':'?:' ':'.-'-;.',' ',''''? ?'.?/''???;'':.' ?'.: 'I.-manage myself now,' -replied Fitzsim .'m6ns,;ahdrtheh.the 'trio-proceeded ^to busi ness.-. ? rians ; for a . 25 rounds', fight were .gradually, ; shadowed .'oiit. the date t-elns:tbe: ilrst. thing,,, cohslfierod;-;:,' ??FItZi.vwanted .-, to .name .an ; early. ,u_ay,^'liu't- p'-Rdurko'.pleadeil Jihat:Sharkcy;'h!ia%qmii;vlng'ung^em«'tits'to ;.fulfllilni,the- ineav--,fuiiiu'K.';and-.'.i'on;or;alJbutt ^August: 1' was.'hnall.v: asreed^upon; as '-.the :dato;of theFitzsimmous-^harkey go. '' .'Now,' said; Fitzsimmons,.; 'I w'ant-' this to -be 'a fight where the winner takes all picture privileges, peanut privileges, and everything., that goes with .: a ' first-class .scrap.'.'.. ..','???' ?.-;.-?' '. '???''?'??? .'.-;.'.'?'??.'.'? ' ; 'That .suits me,': said: Sharkey, and. tha t-hing v.pas settled. .- .?;;.- ;: u::{.. :. When' the writeivjheard' of Fitz's. bargain driving he became reminiscent: '. He thought of that .'other-' match: between .Fitzsimmonn .arid Sharkey. in the yearsagone,, whciiFiti: mado the self-same hoggish . demand, 'tho winner, take all.': :'It was ia'biuo look-out for 'Sharkey— on paper— on 'the'occasion re ferred to;., but Wyatt Earp came to the res cue, and the rightful winner— took, nothing/ The moral appears ' to me to be not to want everything in; sight, no matter how ro3y tho prospects of triumph may appear.' Necessity is the mother of invention, and it wa3 the necessity! or '-the desperate out look in the former Sharkey-Fitzsimons bout ?that , caused . the hatching, out of the Earn conspiracy.- . ? ?' 'i- . .-'., ;.,.:,;'' ' In.thopresent Instance, though, I imagine iuc'd-w u-uwLLur uuuejaiuuaing DecWMQ the parties concerned.'. I; am, satisfied that -Fltii and Sharkey will put up a hard fight when they cast off within the: ropes, but, in my opinion the'. 'winner take all' feature 'of :the arrangements is .what Tim Hurst would tei'm:'a.little;stall.for'tho sports'at large ' The fuli:text of the arUcles of agreement is as follows:— -?...- ?-. ?,-.:? ?? -- ?? --.. : Tills agreement, ' made aiid entered - Into ibis' Dth my^0i ;Ua,rch'' *m- '^''cen ««lJ=rt Vitzsimnioni, l-'frtyof the llrsf part,. raid Thomas Sharkey, party 5\. The parties of the first, and second parts a-rec tonieot in a boxing contest of 25 round.!' duration J arquia- of CJu« nsberry Iiiiles ' .to ?? govern' btS tlio club oiTerilifftlie largest, purse, the coutcV. 1000 -C '? ? °' °r ab°'t the lst &dy; of-v'«U2t. 2\. Thai.-, tho winner of tlie ' contest sl«U 'take al? else ° re--'';i'pt3-:ot saW:contoia,. privIltgS, -aid ? 3. Tliat ' thc: pirtics of: the fet.and second parti slall meet on Monday, March 19, to receive hi™ i^l1-™-™.',1!'' on ^ -'lay 'shall ead, ,n'l I 'n- t!- ?d1°1' '«,??- 'SuarantiM of good faith. - f,' '?V,lat.,tll?-«h'b,'1alnas '?'?? WgBCStJiM-and-BOt-.' tuiff the light shall post , a forfeit at OOOOdol -also as u Kuaraiiteo of gw.1 faiUi. . . ? . this .agreement, slid i.arty.or. parties dull for-Wc bald sum ot oOOOdol, same to be diviilp.] ,,ni,,n, hrtwje^ihe. ,-artiei' who have lived ,ip: to the 0\. That said forfeits.sliall-.be.denositcdwitli ? \I Smith as fhul stakcliclder upoii ? the™ av' that SvS-h t? f?tFon'0?!' 're-sienal witli the - c-Iuli makins the lushest bid. ? , . ? . ? -? v 7\. That in. the event of flio nnnti«t +,-.;„ i jiS ^VnS!^'o! *?'? «-*-*«: A shSiiiil!?* V'P.-'PM*''* p' the first-' and second parts Sovcs to ^ ? ftirnirii their o^vn gloves, saS parr^iul^e^ieS1 S!la' ^ ™d M'' Kbtt^^k^-£Sg cauliono to jirevrat fraud in Uio tickoia;, ° ' ABOUT THE- WORLD'S. tm.\arPmNr- ? .ttt1.:- :'??:. ,,???: :' SHIP.. ..... . .- ? While Fitzsimmons ' and Corbett anil :w'!5n?0I'; and Shark^ 'e pSing up past, differences and 'mingling in peace' it te, worthy of note; that Jeffries and his manager, 'BUly' Brady, aro drifting apart! Tommy ^yan appears to be the boluVbad man in tho case, and for that matter rv™ ^.^ady- delivered himseltTo 'he 'rftect that he will be Jeffries' solo manager Just as. soon as tha Champion's contract with' Brady expires. As fal- as' can b ™learned sold contract has not much further to™un' At present Hyan und the Jeffries boy3: are at Los Angeles, In Southern CaUforSa r^Sled.^er_e.'™mH°tSprings;°Irka: 7 ? « . s ' J Mines has been tear ing off weight and putting himself in h-Pm goSoniiay'i'r3^ '*^ ^ of tho Corbott-Joft'ries match has caus'd friction between Jeffries and Brady It would be decidedly unfair to say that Jef fries mistrusts Brady's motives, but it is common talk that the Champion will not abide by his manager's selection of a re feree. Sam Austin was the gentleman '.in pointed to the position by mu^co seSt of Corbett and Brady, and Jeffries' a«en. tion has been dra\ra to the fact that Aus tin is a business associate of George ConM (Contlnued on Page 70 1 OUR AMERICAN LETTER (CONTINUED FROM PAGE 1.) dine, Corbett's manager. Matters may be smoothed out when Jeffries goes East, as he will do a week from now to finish his training at Allenhurst: but at present tho Impression is that Jeffries has set his face against Austin. Thero have been matches galore, as usual, all over the country, and only a percentage of them deserve oven a brief line. As a matter of fact, tho majority of the goes nowadays aro ot tho potboiler variety, with a sparse sprinkling of Interesting bouts. Tom Sharkey had an easy task with 'Texas'' Jim M'Cormack, knocking him out in 38 seconds at Hartford, Conn., on March in. Terry M'Govern is thumping his way to fame, knocking out everything that daroB to stand foreninst him. His beat recent performance was his defeat of Oscar Gar diner, tho 'Omaha Kid,' in three rounds at New York on the night .of March 0. On March 15 he knocked out Eddy Lenny In two rounds in Philadelphia. A Press despatch ot recent date says that Terry has concluded that the title of ban tam champion, which ho won by defeating Pedlar Palmer, Is a dead letter on his hands, and ho has turned It over to Danny Dougherty, ot Philadelphia. Dougherty is Terry's sparring partner, and Terry will bad: him against all-comers at 1051b. M'Govern says: 'I am satisfied with one Championship (the feather-weight), and I guess I will have plenty of work to do to take caro of tho boxers in this class that are after ray scalp. I am growing heavy, and find it more difficult to reduce than I did last year.' A good many think that M'Govern, who is gaining weight every day, will soon out grow tho feather-weight class even, and be compelled to throw in his lot with the light-weights. ? DAN CREEDON IN EVIDENCE. Al Wienig, the cyclist-boxer, was knock ed out by Dan Creedon, the Melbournite, at Buffalo, on March 6. Creedon finished his man in thoe tenth round, after a punishing fight. One of the best matches looming up is that between Tommy Ryan and Jack Root. Dan Stuart, of Carson fame, is backing the latter. Ail the arrangements havo not been completed as yet. Joe Butler (colored), of Philadelphia, and Jack Stelznor, Fltzsiinmons' old sparring partner, worked off a raw fake here a fow nights ago. Tho referee noticed a peculiar shift in the betting, and declared all bets off, but that did not prevent the schemers from carrying out their original programme. Butler, who once defeated Frank Siavin in shout order, is quite a swinger, and he mado it patent early in theigame that he was too good for Stclzner. Ho deliberately struck Stolzner when down in the second round, and lost on a foul. Tho National Club decided to withhold the purse from the fakers, so that they got nothing at all for their trouble. Tho supervisors hero are considering ?ways and means ot closing the pool-rooms. If the stop is token it will mean fewer fakes, of couvse. To- morrow night (Thursday, March 22) At. Neill and Frank M'Connell, a couple of very capable middle-weights, will box at Woodward's Pavilion in this city. They fought n. draw about eighteen months ago; Tim Murphy, the newly-arrived Austra lian middle-weight, will challenge the win nor at the ringside, and is. In hopes of an acceptance. Murphy is regarded as a Ukely lqoking fellow by the local sports. If Neill or M'Connell refuse to meet him ho will be matched against one of the Eastern fighters. , . Gu3 Ruhlin is out -with a challenge to all the heavy-weights. Ruhlin is very much 'in earnest in his desire to become champion, and the sporting public is beginning to ask why some of the top-notchers do not give him a chance. Sam Fitzpatrick has 'just returned to New ?,York from London. Sam went ovor with Tommy Hogan, of Chicago. The latter de feated .Bill Chester, of London in eight rounds at;the National Sporting Club. In a letter just to hand from Fitzpatrick, 'he says:— 'I am justback. from the other side. ' 3-iogah won his light, and wanted to stay a week or so longer, so I loft him there with Jim Ryan, who fights Dido Plumb ; next Monday night. The boxing gamo is not as lively in London as it ?was when I was there with Lavigne. But the good old fair-play National Club and its high-class sportsmen aro still there. . Tho fact that they have very few good home performers accounts for the gamo being a bit slow at present People as a rule don't get very enthusiastic over a battle between two strangers.' Cycling. Now thnt cycle racing In this country is to bp managed by one organisation — the Na tional Cyclist Association — prominent ?itvifeclmen expect to see a healthy revival in the sport. - 'Jimmy' Michael, 'tho Welsh rarebit,' has announced his return to the tracks. Jimmy had aspirations in the jockey line, but a season or two of that kind of thing sufficed for him. Jimmy purchased a few equine 'skates' last fall and shipped them to Now Orleans for the Winter meeting. lie went with them, and tried to win fame as a rider and owner. Ho failed in both directions. He returned to New York a few days ago, and sought out tho manager of the Manhattan Beach cycle track. Jimmy Btated his willingness to meet all-comers in mldde distance match races on tho track by the sea. His proposal was accepted, and the former middle-distance champion of tho -world will make his headquarters at tho Beach, and go into active training as soon as the weather permits. When Jimmy deserted tho wheel for tho Turf he was unquestionably the middle distance champion. He counts upon re gaining his old form and his old place at tho top of the heap. It is believed that the sport will benefit greatly by his return, as he enjoyed an extraordinary degree of po pularity. By a coincidenco ex-champion 'Eddio' Bald has also announced his intention to resume wheeling. Bald, as I mentioned In a former lotter, went to England with Tod Sloan, and blossomed out as a plunger on the Turf. His resumption of cycling tells its own story. ? Bald- has gone into training at Louis ville, Ky., for the events of the cyllng cam paign. Bald wa3 a champion for three years. It is possible that ho will visit Paris in August, but he has made up his mind to start the season in this country. Tho first' of the American racing men to invade Europe this year took passage from New York a week or two ago. Tbo party included Zimmerman, Harry Elkes, Tora lnasolll, Moyors, Banker, Arthur Ross, and Managers Elkes and Breyer. 'Majah' Taylor, the colored rider, who had been engaged by a French firm, which also engaged Elkos and Ross, refused 'to eo at tho last moment. Athletica. Ho, for Paris! seems to bo tho cry now with American amateurs In every depart ment of athletics, and If great bunches ot the Olympian Games' Jaurels aro not brought to this country when tho big Ex position is over,' somebody will bo dis appointed. American colleges will bo particularly well represented, no less than four having announced *holr Intention of sending teams. Tho colleges referred to» are Princeton Cornell, Syracuse, and Pennsylvania. Thero will In all probability be a team from one ot tho Western universities, whilo it is understood that several of tho best athletes of Yale aud Harvard will moke tho trip at their own expense. It the news that comes from the Atlantic cities can bo relied upon, Bome of the big athletic clubs will also nave representation at the Paris competitions. Tho Now York Athletic Club team will in all probability bo composed of A. F. Duffoy, of George town; M..W. Long, of Columbia University; John Flanagan, R. C. Ewry, and Dick Shel don. In Eastern athletic circles it is claimed that Duffoy is the fastest and most consis tent amateur sprinter in tho world to-day. Ho has equalled tho '10yds record of 4S!sec, the COyds record of Ggsec, nnd the 100yds record of Uisec. Last year ho won tho Amateur Championship oC America in Msec flat. M. W. Long is regarded as tho very best of tho quartor-milo men. Several cham pionships have fallen to his lot, including tho Metropolitan, American, and Canadian. His start porformanco was tho winning of tho Intercollegiate Quarter-mile Champion ship last year In -iOflscc. It is thought that he will go faster than ever this year. Ot course, Australians have heard of, Flanagan, the famous hammer throwor. He holds the world's record of 167tt 81n with lClb missile, and ho Is an amateur still. B. C. Ewey Is sometimes spoken ot as 'tho man of springs.' For him Is claimed the world's record of 5ft 3Jin tor tho stand ing high jump. Sheldon is an all-round athlete with par ticular talent ns a shot-putter. Ho is good, they seem lo think, for about 45ft KRAHNZLE^N A PHENOMENON. Pennsylvania will Dlaco tho strongest college team in the field. The crackajack ot the Quaker combination will bo A. C. Kraenzlein, who is regarded as tho ath letic phenomenon of the age. Says an Eastern sport critic: — 'Kraenzlein as a hurdler and broad jumper is In a class by himself. His record for the broad jump is 24ft 4iin. He has run tho high hurdles in 15Jsec and tho low hurdles in 24gsec. All ot theso performances are world's records. This flaxen-haired giant. can also do a hun dred in even time, and clear over Oft In tho high jump. He will be the bright particu lar star of tho American invaders.' Yet another writer says of him: — 'No single athlete has ever at one timo held as many records as Kraenzlein, and while It would seem almost impossiblo that his figures could be excelled, his condition and promise for this Spring would Indicate that If tho climate and conditions abroad 00 not affect him, both England at tho Champion ships and tho athletic world at the Olym pian Games in Paris will see performances by him that will clearly demonstrate that America has been able to produce tho greatest all-round athlete yet known.' J. W. Tewkesbury will do tho sprinting for tho Pennsylvania team. Tewk. has won several intercollegiate championships, and can do even time for both the hundred aud furlong. At the Olympian Games he will also try tho quartor-mile, at which distance trainer Miko Murphy believes he is invin cible. Pennsylvania's hammer-thrower is J. C. M'Cracken, who is regarded ns a dangerous rivnl of Flanagan. During tho season of 189S M'Crackon mado a throw of 153ft Sin, and thereby held tho record for a brief sea son. : ? : I. K. Baxter, wibo has captured both in-' tcrcollegiate and Amcricau championships, will represent 'Peunsy' in the high jump. George W. Orton and Alex. Grant are-Feiin- sylvanla's . candidates 'for the distance events. , '?'. ' '-? ??' It is generally believed that John Crc gan, captain ot tho Princeton team, will outfoot everything that stacks up against him in the halt-mile' and one mile runs. He is good for lmin 5Tscc in the half and 4mih 24scc in the mile. Robert' Garrett, who led the Princetons arid v/on the dlEcus event at. Athens in-lSse, will be In the Princeton team. : , F. W. Jan- is will attend to the sprinting for Princeton. He won tho National Cham pionship in 189EV in lOsec, and has also taken first honors at the intercollegiate games.' Carroll, tho high jumper; Palmer,' tho distance runner; and Wheeler, the hurdler; are also in tho Princeton team. The Syracuse team has. but ono athlete of exceptional merit. This is M. Prlnstcin, who won tho National Broad - jumping Championship in -1898 with a jump of. 23ft Tin. He won the Intercollegiate Cham pionship the same year. . -.'. ? , . ? : , About the only thing known definitely In regard to Cornell's team Is that it will in clude several good distance runners. The best of them probably are A. J. Sweet, A. O. Berry, C. C. Torrauco, aud W. Yeatman. This is the team that defeated . Pennsyl vania in a match raco last year, and it ia believed ' that these long-distance men ot Cornell will enter for tho tweuty-fivo-mile Marathon, which is considered the classic event of the Olympian Games. ... ? . Bowing. America will bo well represented in ?aquatics as well as in track and field ath lotics. Edward Hanlan Ten Eyek, of the_ Wachusott Boat Club, of Worcester, Mass., will lead the rowing division. Ten Eyck is 24 years of age, and is considered by Ame ricans the: greatest amateur sculler fn thV world. He won tho Diamond Sculls at Henley in 18S7. Ho will go to Pails as a member of tho Wachusett Boat Club foui-. \ In addition to the Wachusetts, the United States will be represented. by tho crews to be sent by tho National Association of Amateur Oarsmen, and probably by 0110 or two college crews. V Oilier Pastimes. Swimming, too, will engage tho attention of tho American athletes abroad. The Knickerbocker Athletic Club will send it* championship water polo team and the States will also bo represented in cricket, lacrosse, bicycling, .shooting, and billiards. YaclitiHS. . Sir Thomas Lipton Is not done trying tor the America Cup apparently. The Glas gow correspondent of the Boston 'Herald has crtbled to this sido that ho has the permission ot Sir Thomas to announce that he will challenge for tho Cup in 1901, and will bring over two yachts. One will be the Shamrock and the other will be the now Watson yacht Tho two will be tried out in American -waters, and the better of the two ,will be sailed against the defender of the America Cup. Tho Information is also forthcoming that Sir Thomas Intends to make important changes in the Shamrock's design and sail plan. Designer Watson has ben instruc ted to shadow out tho lines of the new challengor, which will bo called tho Erin. Tho contract '?will be given out as soon ns the terms of tho match aro arransod by the Royal Ulster and New York Yacht Clubs. Charles Russell, who Is Sir Thomas' legal adviser, has looked into all tho terms of former matches; and has found that the New York Yacht Club agreed that in case the Valkyrie III. should not prove tho fas test British yacht after trial Lord Dun raven should be allowed to substitute an other yacht for tho challengor. ? , A similar concession will bo asked by Sir Thomas, and then ho will send both the Shamrock and the Erin to America, a,nd give them at least two months of trial prac tice. Should the Improved Shamrock be fastor .than tbo Erin, ho will reauest per mission to sail her In. tho Cup races. Sir Thomas will arrive In New York in July or August, and will be accompanied by some members of the Royal Ulster Yacht Club. It is understood that Lipton will Issue his ohallcnge at an early date, so as to have the preference over .others who may con template challenging for the historical trophy. ?' ' . ? While all true sportsmen must commend Sir Thomas' persistence in' the matter of trying to 'lift' the Cup, it is plain at this early stage of 'the proceedings ithat all will not bo plain sailing for his Irish Armada. The following from a New York paper seems to indicate that there is trouble for Sir T. nt the very outset : 'The proposed plan suggested by Sir Thomas Lipton to 6Vlng over two boats and have his trial races off Sandy Hook and afterwards name his challenger for the America Cup caused considerable comment among 'members of the New York' Ydclit Club. Thoso who know every condition o; tho Cup races pointed to one of the para graphs of the rules which practically makes such a proposition, Impossible. It is hard to refuse such a sportsman ns Sir Thomas, but the following paragraph cannot be over looked, or its import undervalued : Accompanying the ten months' notice of elini lcpge there must be sent tim niunu of the owiilt and a certificate of the name, rig,' and following; dimensions o( the challenging vessel— namely, length on lend water-line, beam at load -water- line,' extreme beam and draught of water. ; 'It will be noticed that tho name and di mensions of tho challenging vessel must be filed with the challenge when It is made, nnd Lipton's scheme of trying out two ves sels in this vicinity must of. necessity fail. Tho British yachtsman is acting on' 'a precedent which was set in tho case of Lord Dunravcn somo years ago. Dunravon was given permission to substitute another boat for Valkyrie HI. If It was shown that thore was another yacht in British waters faster than the ono he named ; but thore was also a provision in that permit which sot forth that should such a vessel bo substituted after trials abroad, sho must bo of tho same: dimensions as tho yacht first challenged With.' ? It looks, consequently, as if Sir Lipton's pet schema will die abornln'. It is a pity too, for the now Idea has -lots to commend it. It would bo interesting, in the first place, to watch the strugglo for preferment between tho. two British designers, Fife and Warson. My! 'but thiire would be great seamanship and keen com petition, between tho Erin and the Shamrock in the trial races. ?? . , ? At the Iiast Moment. 'Examiner' Office, San Francisco, March 2t ,.;,, Word is to hand that tho Sharkey-Fit7:« ' Bbmmons fight is off. Thoro were two bids ; . for it— 67 per cent, of tho gross from 'the :-;; Wcstchcster Club, headed by Martin Julian, and CO per cent from tho Seaside Club, mat nnged by Tom O'Rourko. Tho lighters and managers wrangled ovei* ? the privilege of conducting tho mill, and Fitzsimmons declared that ovorythlng woa off. He says he will fight M'Coy at tnq Westcbcster. M'Coy is willing. It is believed at this end that Fitzsim mons and Sharkey will reconsider matters ?within tho next few days, and decide ta fight as per articles. — W.W.N. For Coursing nnd Turf, sco Coursing an4 Turf Columns. 