¶ Hiram Winter´s Guilt. No sooner had he gone than Hiram Winter flung back the cloak which he had drawn about Charles Meadow´s face, and looked earnestly upon it, laying his hand upon his heart at the same moment. ‘ Dead — as I thought,' he said. 'Now for my plan. It came into my head like a flash of lightning. I wonder whether the devil was really standing at my ear just then to suggest it. ’ He went to the door and bolted it, as he spoke, and, returning, lifted the lifeless body into a great armchair close by, disposed the cloak about it, placed the white handlker- chief in its hand, and drew the chair so that the face was quite in shadow. Then he lifted the will from the table, and looked at it. Every word was as the dying man had dictated with the exception of the third line. There, inst-ad of ‘ My children, Oliver and Catherine Meadows, ’ were inscribed the words, ‘ My wife, Adeline Meadows, and her yet unborn child. ’ ‘ Now, if the girl is not mad, my point is gained, ’ muttered Hiram to himself, and opening a door at the farther end of the room, he ascended a flight of stairs and entered a chamber, which a dim candle stuck in a tin save-all, faintly illuminated. A young woman lay, still dressed, upon a rude couch, in the centre, breathing heavily, as tlhough she were asleep. Great masses of hair long and black, fell over her shoulders. One hand, exquisitely shaped and dimpled at the joints, fell over the side of the couch and grasped a handful of its drapery convul sively, and the other was pressed against her forehead, the fingers denting themselves in its whiteness. Hiram Winter paused for a moment, looking down upon this woman, and then called loudly : ¶ ‘ Adeline ! Adeline !' ¶ CHAPTER IV. SEVERAL miles from the old toll-gate house, but still upon the verdant shores of Long Island, arose a. square stone mansion, with deep-set windows and massive walls, and a porch broad and deep. enough for a dining-hall. All around it lay a garden — not one of the prim, triangular-bedded, shadowless affairs of modern days, but picturesque and wild, as though an artist's mind had planned it. Great oaks, the growth of the primeval forest, arose on every hand ; vines, rich and lux- uriant, festooned and hid their trellises. All fragrant and long-lived plants known to the soil of the Northern States were found within its walls, and the grass was greener and more plenteous than on any spot for miles around The whole northern wall of the house itself was overgrown with-ivy, and about the porch a climbing rose wvas wreathed in wild luxuriance. Upon the porch, just as the sun was sinking below the horizon, stood a young girl, over whose head some sixteen summers might have passed, and whose budding beauty gave rare promise of womanly per- fection. Shlading hler eyes with her hand, she peered down the path which led toward the high road, and listened as though she fancied something or some one she expected was approaching. Then, with a heavy sigh, she drew back, murmnuring : ‘ Ah, me ! it is not the carriage ; it is only the rustle of the wind among the tree tops. Why does not papa come — why does not papa come ? ’ Again she listened — again disappointment wrung a sigh from her ; then, leaving the porch, she went down to the gardel gate and out into the road itself, peering farinto the distance with her earnest, dark blue eyes. Once, when the rumble of wheels broke on her ear, she paused, and a happy smile passed over her face, but even as her lips parted the form of a lumbering market waggon crossed the road, and her joy changed to sadniess. Something of despair came into her face as she turned back towards the garden, and her lips were pressed together until they became a mere scarlet line. As she passed up the path the sunlight flooded her pale gold tresses and touched her fair, round shoulders with gleams of Parian marble. Her exquisitely moulded arms, dimpled at the elbow, had bracelets of Spearls upon them, but the clear and spotted skin shamed even those pure gems. There was not one tinge of color in her dress — all was white as the new-fallen snow, and with that pale gold hair and those blue eyes, she might have stood as the very type of maidenhood. The very immatureness of her beauty had a charm about it, such as dwells in a white rosebud just as its petals begin to unfold from about the heart. As she lingered still upon the porch, not \- gazing along the road as she did at first, but with her eyes veiled by her lily hand and her head bent low upon her bosom, some one opened the wide hall door, and, coming for- ward, touched her on the shoulder. She looked up with a start, and saw standing Sclose beside her a motherly looking woman, in the tidiest of white caps and aprons, with a pair of plump, round cheeks which had triumphlantly defied time to rob them of their rosiness, and were streaked with the ripe hues of a red winter apple. ‘ Fretting again, mavourneen, ’ she said, coaxingly, ‘ and for nothing in the world. Sure, the masther has stayed away often be- fore this and no harm came to him. Cheer up ; don`t borrow trouble ; there`s enough in store for every living crayther without that. ’ ‘ Oh, nurse, ’ said the girl, turning toward the old woman as she spoke, ‘ oh, nurse, I cannot help it ; my heart is like a lump of lead in my bosom, and something weighs me down and crushes me; I have been looking and listening for the carriage all day, yet I never expect to see it; I am sure that some awful calamity has overtaken my dear father. ’ ‘ Now, Miss Kate, I`m sorry to speak so to you, but it`s downright wicked that same speech is. However could you be sure of such a thing, unless you had a warning or a gift of second sight, or something in that way, which the Lord laps you from — amen. You are scared — that`s all, and you`ll laugh at yourself when the masther comes back aafe and well, bless his handsome face. ’ ‘ I hope you are right, nurse, ’ said Kate Meadows, sadly, ‘ but that awful storm — that — oh, I cannot be hopeful ; I cannot drive away the visions which rise before my eyes; I never felt anything like it before. ’ ¶ She shuddered and hid her face in her small hands again. ‘ The storm is the very thing, no doubt, that has kept the masther, Miss Katy darlin`, ’ said the old woman. ‘ The bridges have been washed away and the roads spoiled, and the fords impassable by rason of the river`s rising. The masthcr is taking his comfort somewhere, you may be bound; come in and drink yoilr tea; the watched pot niver boils, and the watched man niver comes ; don`t you know that, Miss Katy ? ’ The young girl made no answer, but with enemore glance toward the gate, followed her old nurse into the wide hall and across it into a handsome dining parlor, where drcrwn curtains and the glitter of wax lights already abshut out the cool twilight of the autumn evening. A tea-table, spread with snowy damask and glittering with silver and rare china, stood in the centre of the room, and on an ottoman close at hand, reclined a handsome youth, of seventeen, who was amusing him self with a great Newfoundland dog, whose contemptuously good-natured expression proved conclusively that he was a dog of too much dignity to be teased by any boy. As the two women entered the lad sprung up. ‘ In at last, ’ he cried. ‘ Where have you been ? Had you stayed ten minutes longer I believe I should have made a foray on the eatables. Good gracious! how solemn you are, Kate; I must put on my most dignified manner; allow me to place a chair, mademoiselle; be seated, I pray ; I`ll seat you directly opposite the marmalade, because I know enough of your tastes to be sure that, demure as you look, your inmost thoughts are directed tow.rrd that favourite dish. Mrs. Nurse, will you do me the favour to pour out the tea directly ? Your humble servant is starving ! ’ ‘ What a boy you are ! ’ ejaculated nurse. ‘ You have your fun over everything, Master Oliver. ’ ‘ Especially this solemn sister of mine, ’ said the lad, with a low laugh. ‘ Sure, you should not tease her now, Master Charles, ’ said the nurse. ‘ She`s frightened. ’ ‘ Frightened I at what ? Has she seen a ghost ? ’ ‘ No, Masther Oliver; she`s anxious like about the masther. ’ ‘ About father ? Why, Kate, you silly goose, what should be the matter with father ? ’ ‘ It is four days since we heard from him, ’ said Kate, vand the storm was a terrible one; I am very anxious, Charley. ’ Her voice was quiet and low, and no tears came into her eyes as she spoke, and Charley laughed again. ‘ You anxious ! Why, you are as cool as ice. When girls are anxious, they cry ; it`s a ruse to spoil our appetites for the marma- lade; sin't it, nurse 1' ‘ For shame!' said nurse, shaking her head. ‘ You are too full of fun. Masther Charley.' ‘ Am I Well, I`ll take lessons in solem- nity and decorum from Kate here. I say, nurse-hark! what is that ? ’ The three started to their feet as he spoke the words, for at that moment three sharp sounds, like the rap of some heavy iron rod, sounded through the room, and brought the lad's speech to a sudden close. ‘ Where was it ? what was it ? ’ he asked, breathlessly ; ‘ it seemed at my very shoul- der. ‘ No, it was here, behind me, ’ cried Kate. ‘ What could it have been ? Ah, nurse, what is the matter 1 what do you see ? ’ The old woman made no answer. With distended eyes she stood staring at the op- posite wall, and thither the brother and sis- ter turned for explanation of the mystery. On that wall hung an oak-framed looking- glass, some four feet in length, suspended by a massive cord of green and gold. Five minutes before this mirror had been one perfect sheet of crystal, now it was shivered from top to bottom as by a heavy blow. ‘ Why, what in the name of wonder has happened to the old looking-glass ? ’ cried the boy. ‘ The sound was that of a pistol shot, ’ said Kate. ‘ Much you know about it, ’ cried Oliver. ‘ It was more like a clap of thunder; but how should thunder break the glass ? ’ ‘ Oh, children ! children ! ’ sobbed old Margery, ‘ little you guess the meaning of that sign. It`s not a pistol, Miss Catherine; it`s no thunder, Master .Oliver ; it`s just a warnin` to tell us that the black shadow of death is over the house ; I`ve heard and seen the same before, and I never knew it to miss. ’ ¶ Oliver laughed. ‘ I thought you had more sense, nurse, ’ he said ‘ You, a pious woman and well I brought up, ought not to be so superstitious. Why should a glass be broken because some- body is about to die ? ’ ‘ Why I Sure, it`s beyond me to tell why them warnin`s come, but come they do. This morning the loaf I took from tlhe oven was cracked clear across, and I dreanied of riding in a coach with black horses last night, and now this; which it is to be I don`t know, but sure as we are living mor- tals there`ll be a coffin under the roof before long. The same happened when your mother died, and the whole house had signs I before my husband (saints make his bed for him !) was killed cominig over the bohreen. Well, what the Lord wills we must bear, but it`s past the power of us poor human craythers to put on smiling faces when the fright is on us. ’ At this moment the three were startled by a noise fron .without. The hall door door had opened and footsteps were heard ‘ Papa ! It is papa ! ’ cried Catherine. But as she spoke the lock turned, and in walked Jemmy Morragh, his usually rubicund face as pale as ashes. ¶ CHAPTER V. The colour which had flushed up into Kate Meadows' face faded as she saw Jem Morragh standing alone in the room. She did not speak, she only stood looking at him with both lhands upon lier heart, while Oliver, impetuous as usual, uttered the question : ‘ Why, Jem, where is my father ? ’ The servant only pointed with his thumb over his shoulders in the direction of the door. ‘ Out there ? ’ cried Oliver. ‘ Why don`t he come in ? How strange you look, Jem father is not ill, is he ? ’ Jem shook Iris head which generally ex- presses this negative. ‘ I believe the man is drunk, ’ said Oliver. ‘ Why, in the name of wonder, don`t you speak ?i What ails you, Jem ? ’ ‘ Nothin` ails me, ’ gasped Jem, seeming to find breath. ‘ Only it`s a long road I`ve traveled, an` I`m tired wid it. Missus Mar- gery, I`d be glad to spake wid you, if con venient. Will you come out ? ’ Margery gave no answer, but arose at once and followed him. Her gingham apron caught in an ornament of the old-fashioned sideboard as she passed, but instead of stop- ping to unfastep it in her usual careful way, she gave it an imipatient twitch, which rent it from top to bottom, and passed on without examining it. The moment Jem stood alone with Mar- gery upon the porch his self-command de- sorted him, and he broke into a torrent of tears and sobs. For awhile he shook from head to foot like some great tree in a storm, and gave no answer to the old nurse's en- treaties to speak out-and tell her what had ihappened. At last, however, with a great gulp, as though he literally swallowed his emotion, the Irishman stood up, and turn- i g Iris flushed and swollen countenasnce toward the ols woman blurted out: ‘ The masthis is dead, Mrs. Margery ! ’ ‘ Dead ! dead ! ’ screamed the old woman. ‘ Clane gone and dead ! ’ answered Jem; ‘ an` laid out, stiff and stark, these two days. ‘Who`s to tell thimn innocent childser ? God help `em.' ‘ It will kill Miss Catherine, ’ said the old woman. ‘ The Lord have pity on us ! The masther dead ! I can`t believe it — I can`t, yet — it seems to me I`m dhraming. The masther that went away so hearty and handsome — the roses in his cheeks and the laugh in his eye! The masther — och! Jem ye`re not in airnest ! ’ ‘ Would I joke about sich a thing, think ye ? Or would I spake so if there was a chance of a mistake ? I niver thought I could have the like to tell, an` he so young and fresh-like. Yes, he`s dead, is the master. Worse luck, dead as any man be before he`s buried. Who will break it to the poor, dear children ? ’ sobbed Margery. ‘ How did it happen, Jem ? How did he fall ill ? ‘ He didn`t fall ill at all, at all, ’ said Jem. ‘ It was offa big rock he fell, down .about five miles from old Hiram Winter's place — the day there was a great storm in the night — ye mind it ? ’ ‘ The storm ? Yes. ’ ‘ It was comin` up, an` the clouds was all haped up in big purple piles, and there was a quare yellow light over iverything, as if the divil was houldin` up a torch to see the worreld by, and the traes was parfekly blackr, and there was the funniest sound of nothin` in the air ye iver heard. I was dhrivin` the masther in the cooch whin it come on — the quare look o' things I mane — an` ses I, ‘ Here`s a purty storm comin`, sir. He paid no attention; but sees he 'What illigant effecks. ’ ‘ Effecks ? ’ ses I; ‘ the effeck `ll be that we`ll be cotched in it, ’ ses I. ‘ I`m thinklin` that won`t be mighty illigant. ’ I didn`t spake out loud, you know- only aisy like, under .me breath Then see the masther, ‘ I must catch it.' The rain, he manes, I thought; an` ses I, touchin'me hat, I`m thinlkin` the rain will be apt to catch us, yer honor.' He laughed, and sea he, ‘ Stop the carriage, Jem; I`ll get out awhile,' and wid that he takes his box of colours an` his skitching box from beneath the cushions, and sits down to make a picture, no less, wid the storm comin` up about him. He looks at the sky and gives a daub, and at the tree, and gives another daub, an` at last up he gits and steps back to takea look, as he wud at that picture he painted of the misthress He.was standin` on a rock, high uip, for there was quite a hill like to wan side cf the road, an` he stepped too far-over he wint, head foremost, an` I afther him. I didn`t fall, you know-I jumped to catch him. `Twasn`t much of a tumble for heigh, an` I laughed whin I picked him up. 'All right, yer honor, ’ ses I ; but in a minute he put his hand to his side and fainted dead away. I thought he was clane gone at first. I laid him down on the grass and wint after wather to throw in his face. By and by he opened his eyes, but it was only to groan and go off again. But I had him into the carriage pretty soon, an` well it was 1 did, for he wasn`t well in it whin there came such a gust I thought the end of the worreld had come. Thin the lightnin` began, and thunder made the biggest noise I iver heard, and down came the rain like a bushel of praties. The masther seemed to have his sinses by this time ; and ses I, ‘ Shall I drive to old Winter's ? ’ ses I, ‘ it`s nearer than any other house, ’ an` the masther bade me go on. It was pitch dark, Mrs. Margery, an` I had to light the lamps. In the fuss and hurry I put my flint and stale down upon the ground whin I was through, and forgot it, until a thafe in the wind blew wan o` me lights out. A purty pucker I was in lost the other should foller. Ivery time Ilooked in the masther bade me drive fasther, and talked about makin` haste to do somethin` afore he died. But I niver thought he was so bad as that; many a man ses he`s kilt in- tirely that`s only a bit bruised. I wasn`t frightened till we were at the toll-gate, an` took him out as helpless as a baby. Then I did begin to fret. I wint out to look to the horses an` ould Winter stayed with him. Purty soon he called me, and ses he, ‘ Yer masther is malting his will, and wants you to be a witness. ’Ye know ? I`m not sure iv the words, but that istheir maning Mlasther was sittin` up writin` his name, but mighty bad like. Sea old Winter, ‘ Sign yer name, Jem. ’ ‘ I can`t sign, ’ see I. ‘ Thin yer mark, ’ ses he. And I made that ; I`m enough of a scholar for that, Missus Margely. And Mr. I Winter he signed likewise, and tould me to remimber the masther done it himself out iv his own head. I axed What was in it, an` he seos, ‘ All left to thim that has a right to it, ’ maning the children, iv coorse. ’ ‘ It is all mighty quare, ’ said the old woman. ‘ What had Mr. Winter to do with the will ? Well, go on, Jem. ’ ‘ The quarest part is to come, ’ said Jem. SOnly five minutes after that ould Winter tould me masther was mighty bad, intirely, and axed me would I go for a minister. Iv coorse I didn`t say no to that, and through the storm I driv, an` brought back an ould blind gintleman in the carriage. I got a bottle iv comfort on the road, an` it wint to me head — that`s the wakest noddle iver a rman had, I belave — so the rest seems a drame; but, sure enough, drame or not, I Ssaw the masther married. ’ ‘ Married ? Are you crazy, Jem ? ’ cried the old woman. ‘ Crazy ; och ! I`m not, sure. But anyway, there stood Miss Adeline Winter, an` there sat the masther, and the words was said, an` he answered, or somebody answered for him, I`m not clare which, an` the two iv `em looked as dead as iv they was bein` waked, instead iv married. An` I took the minister homq, an` don`t know anythin` more until I found myself aslape in a barn next mornin`. Some honest man, seein` how the whiskey had affected me, had put me there and taken care of the bastes. He was a stiff sort of chap, with as solemn a face as any praste; an` he gave me a breakfast and plenty of Sgood advice consarnin` whiskey. I swallered the first thankfuller than I did the last, Missus Margery. Well, I went back straight way, thinkin` if me masther was well enough to be married, there was small need of frettin` for him; an` bohould, to me astonish ment, there was himself stiff and cowld, an` a crowner's inquest settin` on him, an` the world an` all of botheration bekase I wasn`t to the fore. So the long an` the short iv the matter is, the masther is dead, an` I`m here to tell iv it, and it`s the worst job was iver put upon me, Missus Margery. ’ ‘ You take my breath clane away, ’ said Margery. ‘ I can`t and won`t belaysve you. Squire Meadows marry Hiram Winter's sister ! What would he do it for ? Jem, you have gone daft at last. ’ ‘ Ye can`t be astonishder nor what I am, ’ said Jom. ‘ An` here we are forgettin` the worst of it in the quareness. Who is to tell the young gentlefolks what has come to them ? ’ Old Margery burst into tears. ‘ What did I live to see this day for ? ’ she said. ‘ I can`t spake the words. ’ 'An` I couldn`t iv it was houldin` a pistol to my car you was, ’ said Jem. ‘ Jest think of all this worriment comin` of the squire sittin` down to make a picter in the storm, instead of runnin` in out of it like a sensible man. But somebody must tell the poor young craythors. The squire `ll be brought home in an hour, an` they musn`t hIave it come all of a suddin like. ’ ‘ It must be done, Jem, ’ said the old woman ; ‘ but my heart is sore this blessed night. My poor Miss Kate, what will you do a. all ? She is quiet, Jem, but still waters run deep, This will go hard with her. ’ TO BE CONTINUED. A Chinaman who informad on a oountryman for aly grog seoiling at Albury said he did so beoause he did not wat wto see the Governmeont oheated. 