THE CHATEAU GHOST, \COMPLETE INs TBIS ISSUE. 1 EDWARD H. COOPER. v COPTWOHT. undf rolatioo. She stabbed him in a room at . the top of the tower, and, according: to nil urrangoraent with the . other relative, lit a huitcru and held it up at the window as a signal that the deed whs done, and that ho wus to take cortoiu steps for her safety. : .>Bomcfbing weut wrong, however ;'forshe was discovered by a friend of the murdered nvin, andin order to save family disgraoe, was.imprisoncd for life in the room where she had . committed the murder. Since then, whenever the head of the fnmily onhis hoir is ubont.to die a light Appears ntwthe turret window and Bhines out on the la A in front. The late marquis 'saw it once (or said ho did) the night before poor Gerard died. "We have examined tho room, but there is absolutely nothing1 in it." " A curious. story, monsieur lo marquis." " Very curious, Monsieur Arleton. ; Monsieur, le Murquis do Hautpjiille let one long slender hand fall over the' arm of bis ! chair, and brushed a little bit of cigarette ash off his coat with the other. Prom a very faint elevation of his eyebrows and a slightly dry tone iu his voice, us he answered - this commonplace remark, one concluded that foe some reason or other he considered it . imper tinent of tho speuker to make any remark at all. It was the custom, of .the nmrquisa regard anybody not of his : own rank as im pertinent if bespoke without bring addressed and the. persou . called Arleton was a mere plebeian, a speculator in vineyard «orops,Tlie marquis believed, whose family -had been residents iu this neighbourhood and humble followers of the ri'Hautepaillo family, for several generations. The marquis allowed a.certaui amount of freedom to th\s man, first because. of the long family, connection ; secondly, because the man had n very pretty. sister,, whom monsieur le marquis liad honoured with his . admiration. Tho: relations betwccu lord and vassal had been slightly charged, 'the marquis believed, during tho past century or two, and what was onco a right had become a favour. Therefore tho marquis, was (whenever he chanced to recolleob the lapse of that century or two) languidly polite to the brother of Madem oiselle Yvonne Arletou. Monsieur Arleton said uothing,.but now' and again the marquis might have observed in his tenant's eyes and mouth (if he had ever condesceiided.to observe the eyes nud mouth of u speculator in vineyard crops, which, of course, he never did) a certain' furious watuli- fulnosK which betokened that tho admiration of monsieur lo marquis for Mademoiselle Yyoiiuo was a mutter of interest to the watcher, and furthor a cerruin hardness and determination, which suggested that tho young mau might shortly find something, to say or do with re gard to tho wiirquis's feeling and actions, and even in opposition id them. Altogether, a wiser- limn than Monsieur lo Marquis d'HautepuiUo would liavo treated his tenant with something else than languid politeness ; with flattery, perhaps— or bribery, or even with a little caution. Tho young man asked permission to call on .mousicur this evening on. a matter of business,- and monsieur languidly supposing that he business referred to tho buying or selling of vineyard crops, graciously gave - permission and even offered coffee to his guest. Somo details connected with tho failure of a largo part of that year's vintage hud indeed been mentioned, and monsieur languidly conclud ing that tho busine-s had been , settled, was .iuclincd to feel some faint surprise that his visitor did not go and leuve him to. play ecarto with Monsieur lo Oomto de Realier ; who was; indeed, sitting in another chair, himself speculating us to when this young man might be likely to depart. But tho young man sat on, fingering a .oigurctto which had been presented to him with tho coffee, .adding a word or two. to the conversation at intervals and showing no svtnproms of uuy intention .to depart; so that the marquis (whose amourette 'with ' Made moiselle Yvonne hud now relished a very advanced stage indeed) resigned himself to an evening of conversation. . The talk had drifted into the world of the supernatural ; and the marquis, with an nir of good-natured contempt, had told his family ghost storv to the Comto de Realier. Ouco again, to the very considerable astonishment of the tnarquis, Monsieur Arletou had spoken without being addressed. But tlion Yvonno was in a house scarcely a mile away, aiid hose two centuries had passed by. . The mar-- tuts contented himself with uu eievutioii of his eyobrows and air inflection of dry surprise iu his voice.. The Comte de Realtor got up from bis ohair witli a . stifled yawn, and wandered across tho room to a window. " What u ohurmiiig night !" ho said ; "a most beautiful night, with tho air as soft as summer!" hn continued, cuutiug a morose glance at tho young visitor, as if hoping that the repeated words might iuspir8 him with a desire to try the merits of tho niglit air. " I cau hear a nightingale, and— ha!. my friend, this i'h curious ! Is your mysterious light anything like this? Come and look here. Quick!" \ , , Monsiour le tuarquis, who would have scorned to 'be surprised or flustered by the Day of Judgineut, and if his house were on fire would have perished in tho flames rather than hurry out of the room, rose leisurely aud walked across to the window. If ho had thought it worth his while to uotice the face of a speculator in vineyard' crops ho would have seen in passing Monsiour Arletou that the young man's face was ashen gray to the lips, but it never occurred to him to look at such a person. . «» Very strango indeed !" said the marquis, joining his friend at the window; "very remarkable. That is nota light from this room; thb 'curtains are drawn in the salle-a- tnuugor, so it cannot come from there, and none of tho bedrooms looking out oh this fiido .are .occupied. Do you caro to come und see where tlio light comes from ?" "I should like to see very imioh." " Would you caro to join us, Monsiour Arleton?" " Thank you, yes." ' ' The young man shimmered out his 'accept ance in a tone.of nucli obvious ugitutioii that the two friend did him the honour to look at liiiu and devote, u portion of their time to work out in their minds the conclusion that he was frightened. The idea amused them, und made tho youth for tho first time this ovouing rattier a desirable companion. It is good to be amused. " ' ' Tho nigbtras Monsieur lo Comto de Bealier had taken tho trouble to announce, was an exquisite one. The atmosphore was so blear -that -stars and planets shono done ns if tho -land were Southern India instead of Central -Prance; statues und trees were outlined quite plainly in tho soft herb-scented night air; evety sound near or distant could he heard us distinctly us one's own voioe. The great lake iu front of the chateau lay dark but clearly "outlined under tho high flashing stars, aud on itHsurfnoo of- ebony winter, almost exactly in tlio middle, was one bright point of reflected light, .with a. little gleaming tuil attached to it, Vvhinh moved and shone out und darkened again with the movement of. the faintly -rippled water. .And tho front ot -the chateau looking over tho lake was quite dark,, too; save that in the.topinost window of u tali toweV : ono single light, condensed-bud' powerful its' the bpam from a lighthouse lanteru, shone'down on to the water. ' . . -The three then stood looking at it for a minute in silence so profound that thr could hear the hoot of an owl in a distant wood a; the rustling of a faint night wind in t.-fV rushes on the lake bankw Then the Marqd. d' Hautepaille murmured in a very low voitmk some words which sounded like " My poorM Louis!. My poor soiii!" His tone camov near to expressing some feeling— came, in va| fuct, so perilously ueav to it that he added v| aloud, iu an airy and almost apologetio voice : " O»o gets quite superstitious after spoiid« ing a month in tbo country. Now if anything has happened to' Louis to-night, or- within a reasonable .timo of to-night— and htr is in Central Africa, you knotty < where a gdod many thitigs - ouu happen to a . man—what a story tlierb will be to make of. this !" , "The light is a very struuge one," paid the Comto do; Bealier, mul .to his, inexpressible rage he found that his yoiee wus husky And shook a little. " It , is, so uuoli. nioro-ah. God ! Wbo itliutP": .. , , ' ,v ;-r ".It is only Bertrand/' stud tho, , roarquiH, with an'iiifiection of ' sarcastic laitgntor in'bis voice, as. the. portly form/of the 'stbward appeared frlimi among some -trees.1. /'! Well, Bertruh(l, r liores air ubfortuuatoi >busiiie#s. My son is; I suppose, being cooked by Muoris , or eaten .without (imy, sucli; preHmiimricsr;by tigers oia snWkc'Sf'or vomntliing.So," mcuucur aliruggeil. his.- shoulders— hc,,8bould''h£ve stayed at home, as I told liiiri I" " T \- " Him monsieur any command fo'givq. oivi the . flubj cot . inquired the stbward?' ?- Coinmundfl, my good Bertrnd ?"' ' ' Would Monsieur le Murquis/ wish tho turret-room to be examined "So that I do not have to'mbunt thb stbirs to tlio turret-room l um nlfogotlicr iiidifforent ' , whether it- U exumioed or not," .answered monsieur, with ft laugh and a prolonged shrug. , " "I had better go up," said the steward., " You will understand,' mondieur, that it is not. ghosts whioH I have in mr mind so muoh iia burglars. Unfortunately, however, T cuu- not .induce auyono to licoomputiy me." If ' - Monsieur le Marquis would issue his com mands — — " " I will come witli yon," said the Cointo do-. Bealier suddenly. Ho felt compelled to make tho offer after that slmko' in the voice. " If Is absurd to elitnb so rauny stairs," he added,. ' apologetically, "but cue may be amused at n the top, and that is worth much." Tho marquis Hhrugged his Bhouldcrs for the third time, and then, with a sudden recollec tion of young Arletou's presence,' turned towards him with u polite bow aud movement . of his hand, intimating, that 'if he .chose tie might havo . the honour of accompanying Bertrand and Monsieur do Bealier on their . visit to tlie family ghost. ' Socinghls motion, the two meii who hud turned to depart stood still, wailiug for. Arleton to join them. Thero wos.a brief puuseund thb three person A wbo were' now watching Arloton eoula seo that ho was sliaking like a terrified child. ' " If I might have the honour of stayiag with you. mousicur," lie stammered at Just, " it would he an opportunity of mentioning the little matter of business." ... , The marquis abrugged his shoulders for the fourth time, ou this occasion witli u disdgiu- fill smile. Tho two others turned awav again with a laugh aud moved rapidly uoross tho open lawn towards tho house. .At. a call from thu marquis, however, they both turned their heudrt nguin, nud in the faint starlight could just seo him standing by the water side with Monsieur Arleton close to him. N . "Comeback lo us hero!" ho called after them. " Throw the thing and its iaiiloru out of the window if it is a man, v aud if it is a . ghost have a chat with it aud get a little in- formation about Louis and tno next world. Ask it, too, to come down here. I should like to see it aud cannot come up-.there." A . Having, provided themselves with revolvers and sticks and a. lantern, the steward apd Mousiour de Bealier. run lightly up two flights of stairs, aloug a corridor, up : another flight, along inoro passages, aud ho to the bottom of a narrow winding stuhenso which mounted to the tower' rooms. Here they paused, out of breath, as they both ex plained, but there was no long delay before they begun .the ascent of the little staircase. Bertrand with tho hint era in his belt, a stick in one baud nud a pistol iu the other, arrived first, and pointing to a door shrank back, . muttering something ubout seeing thut his revolver was in order." Monsieur le Comto ue Realier pushed past liim and flung open tho door ; then ho stood still and peered into the room. A shape like theflguro of a woman, wrapped in "a long cloak, stood with its buck to -him; she was . holding up a lantern, ibo liglit from which fell iu a great white stream ihrough the opeu win dow. Tho 'room was perfectly bare, without furniture or draperies of tiny description, aud ' ' tho floor, an Da Realier inudo due step forward on it, gava a hollow creak. But" the figure stood perfectly motionless, lantern in hand. Monsieurdu Keulier felt his shoulder gripped from behind br Bertrand, and theii tlio steward rained his pistol, ho that, looking along it, Monsieur do Bealier could seo it pointing- straight at tho woman's head, und fired. Scarcely knowing what ho was doiug, but yet with nensu enough to bfe aware tlmt lie wo taking perfectly aceurato )iim, the cointo raised his pistol and fired tod, upd- tlio smoke of the two pistols met in a grout stifling cloud which th# draught between the upon ddor and the window broke, up into licrle circles and eddies and lines. Tho cloud grew- thin , through it the men could . -see the woman standing there holding up lier . . lantern ; and at the sighp of her Bertrand and Monsieur lc Coiutc do Realier turned and fled . with wild white faces and reckless footsteps down stairs and corridors into light. Arrived 011 tlio landing of tho first floor, Monrieur de Bealier stopped and curled his moiiHtuchios and looked at Bertram!, feeling that he had made a very considerable fool of . himself. -Lights were burning in the pasaages and on the staircase, a bedroom door was opeu showing a big wood tiro blazing, and everything told of living moving humanity, of servants and guests — and of ordinary burglars whom one can shoot at with tho bass intentions and miss, If Monsieur de Bealier could have now nctod oxaotly necotding to liis inclination, hu. would huvo- gone to his room und stayed there for the night until he could havo devised ii cbhorent story, catching at truth in places, with .which to' coufrout his' host. But this would' have left. Bertrand to go and blunder out: tho truth orvorse than the trutli about their quost. Where a lie hud to be told it was best told well. JNVith un willing footsteps tho Comte do Realier went slowly downntuirs across the great hall land out into the garden. The light in the tower was gone. -The . front of the chateau was completely dark and the lake was a. uniform black inuHS, with only its bare shape und border of trees showing un'dor tho light of the far-off . patient stars. A solitary figure lay huddled up oil tho lawu < by the water's edge. With a nuddeu feeling of sympathy for what ho remembered of young Arluton's terror tho Comto de Keulier cumo up to it, and bout down, and theu started buok with a ory of terror. . For the prostrate figuro was thut of Mon- . sieur lo ' Murquis d'HautepuiUc, who wus lying on the grass dead, with a dagger in his heart. '. ' 