— OR— A BLIGHTED LIFE. IN THREE PARTS. PAitT I. (/—<OMEdown and spend Christmas with us at llutlierford. Littlo Muriel and I are ulono, and the night of you will do ma n world of good ! Sr> come ai soon as you can, and shako hands with your old friend once ruoro for the sake of 'auld lang sync.' Colonel Lepton laid down tho letter, walked to tho window, and stood thero staring out at tho London fog and drizzle. Ho win an aristocratic-looking man of fivo-and thirty, tall and alight, with n fino soldierly bearing, and a restless look in his deep-set dark eyes which contrasted strongly with tho othorwiso weary and worn expression of his singularly handsome fnco. lie lingered at tho window for some timo thinking. Since landing in England two months before, ho had declined many such invitations aa that which ho had just read. Ho did not wish to see any ono ; ho only wanted to creep away and liido himself. Hut ho had already begun to feel the unspeakable dreariness of solitudo in London at Christmas-time, and, worso still, tho ghost from which he had (led steadfastly refused to ho laid. Besides, the invitation was different ' H. Rl'TIIl!BK0m>.' from tho rest. What should ho do P The next day found him speeding from London on his way to Rutherford Manor. As ho neared hi* destination, erery turn of the road became familiar to him ; it wnn almost like coining home. The lodge-keeper—n good doal bent about the shouldcru now—knew him at once; tho lodge-keeper's daughter, grown from a child in frock* into a slim maiden of eighteen, recognised him with • smile and citrl&oy.; The old butler was respectfully de lighted to see him, and expressed his regret that Sir Harry had boon detained ! at tho Homo Farm and consequently had not come in yet. But Miss Muriel had returned, and was nl present in tho J library. Aftor loading tho way to it, tho old (errant announced 'Colonel Loplon,' and then closed tho door as noisolossly at ho had opened it. No ono camo forward to greet tjio visitor, and to all appearance the room was empty. Tho twilight of tho nhort Decombor afternoon had given place to the light of tho burning logs pilod up in tho wido old-fashioned fire place, and the loaping flamos lit up tho oak-p&nclled; walls, the quaintly-carved furnituro and rich crimson hangings. As Colonel Lopton stood in tho silent woU-romcmborcd room, old memories, but not painful onos, wore busy in liiB brain. 'This is homo,' ho said to himself,1 or as noar homo aa I am over likely to be.' He advanced within rango of tho genial warmth of tho flro, and, as ho did to, his eyoB foil upon tho motionloss figure of a young girl roBting in a groat deep easy-chair by tho hearth. So motionless was she that tomo seeondo passed beforo ho could satisfy himsolf that alio was only aBlocp. Tho folds of ' a dark riding-habit outlined tho slight graooful form ; hor hoad was lying back on tho volrct cushions, and otto small whito hand hung listlossly ovor tho arm of tho ohair. Sho had one of tho swootost mouths imaginable, and long dark laohoa rostod on tho dolicato checks. Riding-hat and glovoo lay on tho floor at hor feet. i ' What a lovoly child! Who in bIio ?' was Colonol Lopton'a iirat thought. Then suddouly—' Why, this must bo Door Waltor's little girl grown into a ti young lady 1 Sir Harry spolco of lior; but somehow I expected to bog a xnero child; yot it is nearly twenty yoars since Walter wao married. What an old fogy I am 1 Can this really be 'Littlo Muriel,' my poor old school fellow's orphan child P' As the young lady showod no Bigns of waking, Colonol Lopton, a littlo amused at the situation, drow a chair to tho fire and sat down to wait. Presently the whito oyelida unclosed. For a second or two tho girl morely contemplated tho Colonol quietly; then, with a dolightful tragic start, sho rose to lior foot. ' I am afraid I have been asleep ! Dear mo, why didn't somebody rouse me ? Oh, I am so sorry I' ' Not on my account, I hope,' said Colonol Lopton, who had riBen from his chair. ' And after galloping all the way from tho Home Farm on purpose to bo in time! It is really too bad 1 Have you been hero long V ' Not vory long,' replied the Colonel, smiling at her dismay. ' And thoro is really nothing to be sorry hbout. But I ought to introduce myself.' ' Oh, no—we have been expecting you !' sho said frankly, holding out her hand to him. 1 But this in only half tho business,' he said, as ho took the littlo hand in his. ' Oh '—with a toBH of her golden head —' if grandpapa did not think it worth while to mention iny existence ' ' Ah, now I know ! You are Muriel Rutherford; wo do not want any formal introduction.' ' No, indeod; I have often heard grandpapa talk of you, though I do not remember ever having seen you boforc 1' ' Probably not, for I hare boon in India for tho last twelve yearn. But your grandfather and I are vory old friende^-havo known each other all our | lives." 'Really! Do you know, I did not i think you were ijuito bo old a» that— 80 old an grandpapa, I mean V Ah, here he comes 1 What will ho say when ho hoars how shockingly you have been enterfained ?' Tho door opened, and in came Sir Harry Rutherford, a hale hearty old gentleman, his kindly face beaming with pleasure. Ho took in n welcoming clan]) tho hand of Colin Lepton, who had been tho schoolfellow and friend of bia only son, now lying in an Afghan grave, and whom in old daye ho had looked upon almost aa a second son. The hand shake expressed more than words could have dono, for both men had known sorrow since their laHt meeting. Following closely on Sir Harry curno tho eorvants with lightu and tea. ' .Now, puss," Baid tho Baronet to his granddaughter, ' eoino ft nil do your duty with tlio tea-pot! And, Colin, my hoy, bring up jour chftir clone (u tho Arc, and toll us what you think of England aftor twelve years' absence.' Sir Harry gav> no opportunity for compliance with his last request, and, as Colin Lepton drank hi# tea and listened to the old gentleman's flow of talk, he had plenty of time to observe Muriel presiding over her dainty tea table. Ho thought ho had never seen a lovelier girl than nhe, with her fair fuco and deep soft hazel eyes. They sat chatting over the fire until it was time to dress for dinner, and then Muriel retired, leaving tho two men alone together for the first time. They were standing facing each other before tho fire, and Sir Harry, laying his hand affectionately upon Colonol Lopton's arm, said — 1 It is liko old times to see you hore again, Colin I You mustn't throw roe over for poor Walter's sake. What chums you two were 1 If I could only | have seen you together again I' ' Strange,' returned the other bitterly, I ' that ho who had bo much to live for should havo found tho death which I, Heaven knows ' Ho broko off, ;>s if fearing to give way to tlio auddon emotion which had disturbed his habitual calm. Thoro was silonce for sevoral seconds, and then Sir Harry asked— ' Havo you heard of her?' ' Slio is dead,' replied Colonel Lepton, his faco vory pale, but his voioe perfectly steady. ' Dear, dear I' said Sir Harry, deeply moved. ' Poor Constance ! But you wero reconciled first, Colin ? You forgave her V 'I novor saw hor again.' ' But in your heart you havo forgiven her V Colonel Lopton \va8 silent; his oyps grow ntorner, tlio lines about his mouth harder. ' You do not nurso your angor against the doad ?' oxelainied Sir Harry. 1 Doath cannot undo tho past,' camo tho anBwor, in low distinct syllablos. 1 Colin, Colin, you are changed— terribly changed 1' said Sir Harry, not attempting to eonoeal tho horror he folt. ***** ' I hope, Colonel Lopton, you do not expect to find it all play and no work in the country, for I warn you tlint I am going to bo dosporately busy; and I liavo been .thinking that porhaps you would bo bo rery kind——' And Muriel finished hor Bontonoo with a playfully boseoching glance. Sho waa looking prottior than over in her aimplo dark morning-dress, aoatod at tho head of tlio breakfast-table. 1 For ahame, Muriel I' said Sir Ilarry laughingly. ' This ia too bad I Sho ia going to havo tho school-ohildron here for a tea-light,' ho oxplained to Colonel Lopton,' and ia rigging up a Ohriatmai Ireo for tlio youngsters. You mustn't let Lor victimise you.' 'I am not in the least alarmod,' replied the colonel, with a pleasant smile at hia young hostess* 'We all know fho terrible consequences of idle hands, so I shall be very grateful if,Miss Eutherford will find some employment for mo. But you must make allowances for inexperi ence.' ' Thank you; I am sure you will bo of great use I I have been reckoning on you. I have never had any one to holp me before except Keith.' ' It is not at all in Lepton's line,' ex postulated Sir Harry. ' That romainB to bo proved,' said the Colonel. ' And pray who is your aide de-camp Koith V ' What—huve you forgotten the Max wells V said Sir Harry, Old Maxwell died last year, and, aa his eon was just of age, he came into the property at once. He ia living at the Ilall with his mother. And here comes the lad to answer for himself; he is over here moat days.' A quick footstep crossed tho hall, and the door opened to admit a tall broad shouldered young man with a good looking honest boyish face, who came into the room with an air of being thoroughly at home there. 'That is too bad,' ho said, having caught Sir Hnrry's last words. 'You know I am never over hero except when I want your valunblo advico on crop3, stock, and other matters. How do you do, Colonel Lepton 1 I was so impatient to moot you again that I came awny without my breakfast; but I see you have forgotten mo altogether.' ' And no wonder,' replied tho Colonel, laughing and responding to the young man's hourly greeting wi!h eijual hearti ness, ' if you are indeed little Keith Maxwell, who could only just hold a gun when I saw him last.' '' Little Keith,' indeed !' Muriel put in oaucuy. 'A very fine little boy! Now, sir, ait down and let Colonel Lepton finish his breakfast, l'ou know what is oxpected of you to-day.' ' I'm game for anything if you feed mo first,' replied ttio young man, sitting down to the breakfast table with an appetite produced by a six-mile gallop in the early morning. After breakfast, Muriel and her two assistants Weill to work ; and the three became very friendly over their simple occupation. They decorated the ser vante'-hall with evergreens and wax candlen and, after luncheon, arranged the Christmas tree. The preparations completed and the little guests arrived, Colonel Lepton, who insisted on remaining as a spectator of tho proceedings, watched witli ever increasing pleasure .Muriel's graceful (igure Hitting about among the happy children. Ho had been struck at first by the girl's beauty and grace of manner, now he could not but admire her brightness, thoughtfulncss, and freedom from selfconsciousness. A« for Keith, ho kept the children, who all know and loved the young Squire from the llall, in a perpetual roar of morriment from tho beginning of tho entertainment to tho end. ' Well, what do you think of him ?' naked Muriel late in the evening, when Colonel Lepton was in tho smoking room with Sir Harry, and Keith still lingered in the drawing-room before starting on his homeward walk. 'A regular brick I' wa« Keith's answer, given emphatically. ' Ho in very good-natured, if that is what you mean by 'a regular brick.' He was no nice with tho children—not a bit bored with them ! But I was just a little afraid of liim at first; ho looks so Yery grave sometimes—almost stern,' Muriel said meditatively. ' Oh, that's military !' returned Keith lightly. ' A soldier in nowhere if he can't look fierce. It wears ofT in time, though. Lepton hasn't half the swagger of little Oakes, who has hail his com mission only three months.' 'Ho lias no swagger at all,' said Muriel, a littlo indignantly; 'on the contrary, he i3 very pleasant, and he has travelled much and seen n good deal of life.' 'Oh, any man can travel,' returned Keith somowhat testily, for Muriel's praises of the Colonel oeemed to have no bounds ; ' one needn't he a soldier for that 1 I am thinking of running over to the Eockies myself this year.' ' Tho travelling itself will not rnako any difference,' said Muriel Benten tiously, 1 if a man has not tho sense to profit by it.' ' Meaning that I have nono,' said Koith, with a merry laugh. 'Thank you, madam ! It is ovidently timo for mo to tako my leave. Good night 1 I didn't know you woro no fond of the Army,' ho added, in a pretondod huff. ' Good night, Keith,' said Muriel, and tho two partod—for that night. To Bit Continued. 