A Regrettable Metamorphosis. . Punch is now published in entlroly new form, thereby nnuounoing'that it surrendnrn ana givoa up the ghost (says a London lottt-r iu the ^ri/us.) Most signifioaut iB tlio virtual diBBnmsaranco ot this famous uomio paper, whioh had Inn* bpenouo of tho nation's minor institutions, and n valuablo oppres sion of souial life in the Victorian era. That public whioh looked up to Punch, admirud it-i pictures, oven laughed at its humour, has pnsBod away or ia transformed; tbo litorary illusions, enthusiasms, nRserfclvanoaa of ita early contrlbntors are no longer possible. It was n moro faithful, inoro gihglo mlnded, more insular world thau now exists, whioh mnsidurod tho best political wit and wisdom of tho moment to lio embodied qulto per fectly in Tenniol'a weekly cat toon, and tho luBt ' word on British humour of tho soalal tmd domestic order In L?coh'eor Du Mtvurier's drawings. Liriley t,ambourna'ti work was never popular, but it was impressive. Charles Kocne woh a vulgar, scriitohy hi Mat, whoso sjituioua faino piovcs that fcho British midille-olfiss aro ub uritiaal judges of art as their forefathers wore, Harry Furness, who wbb taught to draw by Punch's (jograver, wno a groat loasto the paper. Pail. May, who wan takon on o£ lato years as ''now blood,' and in tho hopo of saving the situation, at once heoauio dull and ?oummonplnoe bb a Pnnrh nrtint, Burnand ougbtto have resigned the editorship 16 yiars ugo. Tho .now-pottorn Punch contains a paragraph abonlj a writor who was ' driven to stool pons ill ordor to malio n living'— -steol and steal, you boo. This joke nas Qri-t mado abon' Gillott somo sixty-live years n*o. Probably all joKos in tho English languago whioh aro maknblo have been inadn already, whilo improper joltos, on which tho Frenoh oomio paporo subsist, nro barred in this country. Tho real troublo with our aomlc papers nowadays is that peoplo won't do or say comic, ludiorous tilings. Everybody till lis and acts like everybody nine. Parvenus aro not ?ootispioiiHUsly or okotohni'ly loud or vulgar. Anolont peers and dowagoia aro not haughty and eooantvio. Medioal students nnd underuroduaton are not loud and rollloky 1 If thnj» aro, it is in ft subtle, half-tonod way. Even oooks, oabmon, nnd oostmongors— onao\ tbo mainstay' of tho oomio. nrtM or journalist-are only too llko' tlioir nui(j;nbour8» 