Death of Mr. Walter Curry. NOT KILLED, BUT FOUND DEAD. On Friday news reached town that Mr. Walter Curry, of Temora road, had been killed by being thrown from his horse ; but it transpired that his death was the result of heart and brain affections. It appears that he was out on horseback trying to round up a bull, and as if the latter jumped a fence and Mr. Curry's horse propped a good deal and that he had been exerting himself to an unusual extent. The body was found near Mrs. Hingerty's old residence on Lighthouse farm by Mrs. Dalwood, daughter of Mr. Alex. Emery ; and she did the kindly and thoughtful act of watching the body and covering it until the arrival of the police. It would seem as if Mr. Curry had suddenly felt an affection of the heart, accelerated by his exertion, and that he either fell or rolled off his horse, as only a couple of scratches were visible about his face. He is said to have dropped his whip some little distance back from where his body was found. The news was received here with very great regret, the townspeople meeting in groups and discussing the matter in terms of sorrow. The funeral came to town on Sunday afternoon, and the cortege was over a mile long, the people representing all classes and the whole neighbouring dis- trict. The remains were interred in the Presbyterian burial ground, and the Rev. H. A. Hutchison, B.S.c., read the ser- vice. Deceased was a very old friend of ours, of over 30 years' acquaintance. He was a native of Tyrone, Ireland, and on 12th July next (appropriate day for so sturdy a Protestant) he would have reached the age of 71, though there are many men at his age far older than he was. He was robust looking, but his medical attendant testifies that he was a sufferer from the heart and that equally delicate part of man's anatomy, the brain. He came to this colony with his parents, who settled at Curry's Hill, Rose Valley, in the Kiama district. Mrs. John M'Clintock, of this town, is his sister, and Mr. E. J. Curry, Temora road, his brother ; other sisters are Mrs. James Elliott, Temora district, Mrs. Cullen, Moss vale, and two Mrs. Allen's of Bega and Robertson. His first wife was of an old family, the Grahams, of Wollongong, a sister of Mrs. Noble, of this town, and of Mrs. Geddes, Temora road ; and by her his sons are Messrs. J. R., George, and E. C. Curry ; his daughters Mesdames Elliott (two), R. James, James and Gilbert Somerville, and Mrs. Tully— all well known to our readers. His remains were buried beside those of his first wife. His second wife was Mrs. Thos. Tebay, who is also well known and highly esteemed in this dis- trict ; and we feel sure that the warmest sympathy will be extended to her and all deceased's relatives and friends. De- ceased was on the coast a dairyman, a dealer, and a publican ; and it may be mentioned that it was at his house that Parkes's famous Kiama ghost speech was made at Jamberoo, when the late Sir Henry (then Mr.) Parkes represented that constituency. At the grave of deceased was witnessed strong men in tears; and the outbursts of grief of his old and faithful servant, John Barrett, could not be restrained. He was a kindly hearted man extremely hospitable, a good husband and father, a straight-forward, upright man in his busi- ness character, a loyal citizen of the old country school, and a genial friend. The coffin was of oak, made by Mr. J. W. Richardson, who conducted the funeral, and it was decked with kindly wreaths. 