TROOPER BOTHE'S EXPERIENCES. There was a fair attendance in the Pay- <*> neham Institute on Tuesday evening, when Trooper A. D. Bothe, who went to the war with the first South Australian Contin- gent, bat through an attack of rheumatism was r_eent_y gent home, related some of his 'exoeiiences'in the land of the Boer. ;Mr. J. Darling, jun., -MJP., presided. Trooper Bothe spoke in high praise of the chief gunner of the 'Protector, Mr. Argentj. who acted as trans^jort officer on board the troopship Medic, and personally ? se cured for "the South Australians excellent The essence of Trooper Bothe's re marks has already been published in these ?columns. The first experiences of the con tingent were anpleasant, (for instead of go ing to the front the troops were ordered to build railway lines, bat at a later date they had Dlenty of opportunities to ? show the Boers "what they were made of. The enemy's ponies he likened to ghosts, on ac count of tiie rapidity with which they could get, with their riders, out of danger. On t!he motion of Mr. F. W. Oaneybeer, _;_>_ a hearty vote of thanks was passed to the speaker. During the evening Miss Butler and Messrs. F. W. Coneybeer, C. H. Phillips, McNamara, and Balfour, pro vided vocal and instrumental items. An entertainment was given in the W.C.T.U. rooms on Tuesday evening, un der the auspices o't the South Aas_ra__an Vegetarian Society." Mr. A. W. Sertunens lectured on "The greater gospel," and the secretary (Mr. A. Fawcett) read a progress report. A programme Of music was car ried out by Misses E- JaTrett', F. Jarrett, V Russell, F. Fawcett, and Hoyle, and Messrs. Stephens (2) and Pullin. The third of this season's series of Y.M.CA. winter lectures will be held to-morrow evening jn tie Victoria HalL The Hon. Joseph Vardon is to preside for the occasion, and 'Tour nationalities, one Emnire," is the title of the lecture'to be de livered <by the Rev. George Rayner, of Glenelg. Miss Alice Mc?ride and.Mr. B. E. Peagam, wiil contribute solos. The Newbury-Spada Company will ap pear at the Semaphore Town Hall on Fri day evening,' when an attractive pro gramme will he presented. Mr. Philip Xewburv will sing "The Holy City," "The death of Nelson," "Come into the garden, ?Maud," and "Let me like a soldier fell.' Madame Spada will sing "The gate _of mercy" and "Angels ever bright and fair." Mr. ftodda Perry, the male alto, will con tribute "When we arc parted" and "Cradle-Tand," and patriotic songs will be rendered by Mr. Archib-ld Scott. Miss Lillia. Appleby will plar '"Blair Athol" (DeSiorai) and "Rigoletti" (Liszt). The box-plan for the concert is open at Mr. H.. M. Waterman's establishment. I 