.HER WEDbiNG-EVE.. She bec grateful plain of. She h never k ER weading-eve f Yes, to - morrow would lor ever end the old life; but bow glorioos- ap. peared the exist ence opon whioh ehe was aboot to enterl She had everything to be grateful fornothing to cornom plain of. She had no mother; buhot nerr baving known a mother's rare, her father's devotio made up for the lose. She glanced around at the confusion of beanutifuol and costly things filling the room-her bridal trouseau. "Sorely I am a favourite of fortune," she murmnred. And it seemed so as she stood there in her evening dress of delicate, gleaming silk-- I young, lovely, and radiant with happinessr. 'i, yes, Alice Desmond had been a petted I .ling of fortune easince babyhood, in ,lged in every whim, gratified in every -'i reej r To-night the very brheight of blie had been rraohed-youth, beauty, riches, and love. What more counld she askl S' No morel I-no morel" she said, aloud, startling Sarah, the maid, who was bousily b ;paoking away the dainty yardrobe into travellirg trunks. a And Alice smiled and said: "Am I pretty enough to-night, SaranfP' "Laws, Miss Alice, you always look pretty in b pink I I expect Mr. Phil will think so "- with a sly twinkle in her bright eyes. fi Alice blushed, looking lovelier than ever with that divine glow in her young face. tl The old house was full of oguests bidden to the marriage, and a subdoed flatter of joy frl excitement filled it from drawing-room to kitchen. The first dinner-hell rang, and the l gidrl quitted the privacy of her room to watch for her lover's coming ; buhot he had already arrived, stood at the root of the stairs wait ing for her, tall and handsome, his eager " bloe eyes aflame with love's impatienc, hisI arm. outstretched towards her. / The hall was deserted. hut had ir bren crowded with watchers Phil Kingsly would not have heeded them with that lovely vision before him. He mounted a step to meet her ; he flung t his acms around her, drew her head to his breast, kieiing her with fond passion. "Oh, Pail!" she murmured, blushingI deeply, but yielding to hie arme. "My darling I thank Heaven I am withl you once morel I" he cried, fervently. "I C eve been all impatience ever since leaving Lhndon." IWhy, have yon also sometimes had vague fears lest something shoold happen?" she n'ked, drawing back, a shade of gravity com.i iog over the radiance of her lace. "Only the groundlees fears incidental to this uncertain life of oore, dearest. Your i r'eenne has pot th'em all to flight." "LBut what if something unforeen, un dreamed of, should part ns yet N" "Nothingh bht death rcan peat us now, I b-loved. To-morrow is our wedding-day. Tere is no room in my heart for doubt or fear to-night, sweetheart. Come into the drowing-re m ; it is deserted, and we may have a few prec.ous moments to ourolele." And with his hand on hers, his happy, pje'ionate eyer seeking her face, she, too, grev hesel up to the blilsful present. Dinner was over, and Mr. Desmond and -isgely were in the library, holding a little trivate convereation. Alice had just left them to join her friends in the drawing. ,om; bout feeling that silence rather than :f eeh fitted her present mood. she made np S ardar, prsuaded some ladyto g. ""p ..up wn.n.O~and sone a n c nott _'il u Septemeher night. How brilliantly the stars sparkled and gowened i-n tbhe dooekls sky.andwhat a sweet, s":",+.":. .rt flai " id np from the old garden, f+ai t oo-blioming roses still held sway. -' hilt I Boiss Diamond I Mies Desmond I Shall an old woman tellyoir fortune"' came i in a low, sibilant whisper; and a gaunt, flerce-eyed, ragged old creature rose up from a erounchin position under the window. The girl started back, a faint cry on her lips. " Who are youl" she inq'uired, quickly re oovering hersell, and speaking somewhat im perionsly. "Only a poor, forsaken old vagabond hbat I can tell you something, miss, that will drive all that bloom from your face, that light from your eyes." SHer strange, burning glance swept over the fainty swming- dress, the soft lace and glim merintg jewels. Her brown, wrinkled face worked convulsively. 'A bitter execration fell from her withered . lips. Envy, rage, hate, ted the lurid fure of her aunken eyes. Alice Desmond had brave blood in her roein. Shae didnot feel afraid, but she was fascinated. S What revelation could this poor oreature maketo harm or frighten herl Pity stirred ber heart. She could be generous to the poorest of God's creatures to-night. '" 1 do not care to have my iortuone told, but here ic some money. Take it and go away. My father would be displeased were he to find you here," she said, gently, hold. ting out her slim, white hand, with two silver pi-ceo in its open palm. But the strange old woman drew back with I a low, ecornol olaugh. ".Diopleased I Ha, hal I shouldn't wonder. Yon are veryb kind. Ab,ye; it is ea-y for you to play the Lady Bounotiful, but Swooul'l starve-yea, starve and rot-before I would touch Deemond money. I have orome to tell yon something." Aioi grew serious, impressed, in spite of hecrilf. L ' Wat tis it I" -a ,reeret. and one that you ought to '. This is your weding eve 2" . uta ot me!,in fibs tanlar, with " endish chuckle. " Come out into the gar \- dc:." \- - Aic" glanced hack into the room. The fire b.trner: with a ruddy glow; the occupants of toe loa chairs around it were laughing and talkiny, and at the piano the musically in ellred ,.-re trying a new song. . No oem had heard a word of that eonveroa. tien at the window. . Sue turned again to the night and to that evil-«)t, old womaen,who stood watching' ber like a grim sfate. She said briefly: I' aulo come." iSue at- pped quiokly from the room, took a matle tf,.-m bhe hall- hobby, flung it over her head, and went out into the darkness of the outer wOid. Her delicate silkb brushed the dew from the peras on he garden.walk, and once a rose. tmilcl ,eustun the lace of her hleeve; but on she-wel.t ,ntil one came lace to face with her , re?lt r visitor. - . . For a aiiment they stood there in the midst of , oi old o gaden;the girl, young, fair, ansd dain:ts clatitd ; the old woman, bent . and baggail, her poor rags flottering in the creuip, frot breeze. scilent-the one expect ant, rne othlor wickedly exultant. • lc :++ ",e? ,? firer..- . . . Yu must be brief MIy gorstea will mira S L-t the', fools that they are.- I hate them.ll. : Iit I ell noet detain you very. lone:: W...,,0i your mctherre-tell me," .arse -Fie: u.ripilpy, leaning forward and f Ina r.ýý :.a h r.ak tv. - A:, , roa?t,,i;f fom her touch-with a eshu. ,tnor te,e,,loi~ :.. _ 3, -,.; at my birth "--,tl.y and r- .lr dlrhf Tafl 1t.. '-i.. ehe'dae. *, . - ,r I a,r*.; t- ee2, d dl -l b pai tlre eri a " .. f. r. ..rt~p t++? d*,? ,,tp+t. +r tuap '''~fl dare yoeu:pea?r O Ilelelyl" cried the girl, her lace blanching, a horlid chill! freezing the warm toting blood in her veins.• "'Tie true. I know it; I sweari i i Go askyour father. Oh, yes, h9 bhas deceived you all these vears for lear theehadow might darken your life; hut the eurse ie on you you are doomed. Madness lurks in your blood, works in your brain. Oh, you are young, and rich, and beautiful, bot the poorest beggar in the land need not envy you. Harry, and sooner or later you will find your home behind the bolts and bars of a madhouse." Alice listened in speechleshorror. She nolonger doubted the old woman's words, hbat what a crnshed and deadly feeling op. preesed her I Could it be only a hideous dreamt Would she wake presently in her own pretty room, eurroundcd by the costly confusion of her bridal trouopseauo ? I Ah, no, no, it was no dream, but a cruel reality I Rather had all that happy past been a dream-a brilliant but swiftly-fading dream. How far away it seemed from her now, and what a-blaek guld of anguish and deepar lay before her. "Heaven have mercy upon me," she whis pered, hoarsely. feeling she had no other refuge now. The old woman clutched her round, tender wrist in a cruel grasp. "Do you want to know why I tell you this carefully-guarded secret It is my vengeanee. Long years ago I had a daughter, young and fair as you. Her lover was your father's butler, and on their wedding day they honted him down, and Mr. Deemond, the rich mer chant, had him dragged away to prison because he had etolen a paltry sum of money from him.- . HSse. she .djad 0e Sr'". for she was but a delicate ceresure, sad vowed she should be avenged. Blow for blow, life for lile, is my motto. Go back to you gueets, to your lover, and your weddingr finery, but rememberl " And with that last word ringing through the air, she vanished. "Can 1 ever forget?" moaned the girl, stumbling up the path like a creature blind with anguish. "Oh, father, why did you sprremet Oh, mother, where are you to night" - She felt choking, and pnlled the lace ruth lessly away from her white throat. ?What a late, to be raised to the height oa human bliess only to be dashed down into a bottomlees pit of despair. All the time one thought kept hbeating throughherbrain : " It is my wedding-ove." A burst of gay laughter floated out from the drawing room as she stumbled wearily up the steps. It made her shudder, and yet an hour go, even less than an hour ago, she had joined in the mirth, the happiest of them all. She etole through the ball until she came Io the library door. There she stopped for a a moment, pale and wan as some wandering plrit of sorrow. Her father eat in his easy.chair, smoking; while talking to him her lover stood lean ing against the mantle. How noble Oe looked--how bravo and handsome I If he had only raised his eyes and looked on that blanched face, those sad eyes 1 But, anooneioaus of her nearnearss, unconeelions o the power working against the fruition of hin happineess, he stood there talking and think ing of to- morrow. Alien stretched out her hands, and herlipe moved in a whispered farewell then slowly she moved on up the stairs to her own room. SOn the threshold she met her maid. " Good heavens I Miss Alice, what in the matter?" she cried, starting back from her young mistress'e changed appearance in afright. "Hash I am only tired. Do-not let me cc disturbed to-night. I intend to retire at once." "But," "Please go, Sarah; Ido not need you." And she closed and locked the door against even her faithfunl servant's inetrloction. The room had been cut in perfect order, ulhn~h~ otprelno assss C. ussr the sight mocked her pain 1 With a despairing cry she flung herself down on the floor, and merciful tears saved her fromgoing mad then and there. Never in all her young life had she shed such tor rents of tears, been shaken with such deep sobe; fdr never before had .real sorrow laid its burden upon her, and this was a thing to crush even the stoutest-hearted. At last eheroee op,calmer, but woefullypale and asubdned, a girl no longer, but a: sIuffering woman. An impulse to go away secretly bad come over her. With feverish haste she changed her evening dress for a plainer one, Ent her purse in her bosom, and laid out a at and cloak. Then she sat down and wrote a short note toher father, a pitifullittle mes sage explaining the cause of her flight, and entreating him to tell Phil. That finished, and laid on her dressing-table, rhe moved slowly and softly about the room, taking a sorrowful farewell of all the pretty familiar things endeared to her by a thousand happy associations. Above the mantlepiece hung her lover's picture, richly framed, and the most precious of all her treasures. She pansed before it, tearless, but with heaving breast. her poor, 'aasselonate heart quivering-al?ost break ing. "Oh, love, lotn, how cab I give yon up? Yet 'ties better that than I should ruin your life. Heaven forbid that I slhould do it! Good-bye, good.bye, for ever l" and she turned away, not dorlng to look again into those pictured eyes, lest her courage should, after all, fail. At last she -was ready, and opening her door she glanced out. The house was all quiet, the hall dark and deserted. She went out, and with noiseless steps groped her way down stairs. With shaking hand' she fumbled at the fastenings of the front door. She thought she heard footstepes on the upper floor, and listened in breathless terror. It was only a false alarm, and opening the door, she stepped out, and heard it close behind her with a chilliog ehudder. SShututot in the coldand darkness-she, the darling of fortune, the glory of her gather's house, the beloved of Phil Kingsly's .,he.oart?;.audvetah lacedit.with ea _hroink-. friande, a shame- stricken father, a luke-wagm lover. SHalf a dozen hounds bounded up to meet her, barking deeply; but atthe sound of her low, sweet voice, crouched at her feet with whines of delight. With asothling wordshe went swiftly down the walk, and so away from her home. and it was her wedding ..ave. The wedding ay dawned clear and bril lient, with a fine hoar frost lying on leaf and Sdower. At Desmond'e the honeehold were matir early, for there were yetmany things to be done before the bridal feast was spread. I Suddenly a strange cry rang through the house; a cry of apprehension ; of alarm-the Sbride could not be found. Her bed was un. touched, her evening dress lay in n crumpled heap on the floor, but she had vanished. Mr. Desmond's ruddy face paled a litttle, but he called it only a foolish woman's excitement untilho read his deughter's note. f Then he staggered back with a ieroe cry : " "Oh, Heaven I it is true abs has left setP" - Guests and servants were all gathered arlunrd him, all eager, all curious, end' Phil grossly stood at-hbi elbow, pale and ratber stern. " " What does it mean t" he blemn,?ded. - :lne haslasa lientenig to some oruetl \- lier."-- " "Yon lie yourself, Royal Dcsmond; told her only the treth," enreamed a shrill \- yoice; and a haggard old woman pushed her way thbraog---se Croadaitil she atood faaing \- rls master of the hbuae. "You habe for gotten me, probably, but I have not forgotten yon, R eyal llDmodd, northn revecge I swore 1o wreao on you fr dragging my girl's lover oedeo pinron and breakipg her heart. Tao •ourOld-rd her 1" ale eried.wvill'; "hubnt I I ,ae more mea.,ful to your pretty, idol.' I I unri tolad bee O tuth albo t~ e-ianolher, and the tate tviti?C her, np red. e?y,: "Anid you would lfce vavnn'a" on an iaunooent, d fenaeles girto, balnd I; inaly, sternly. She laughed fiendily " , "A life for life. yuing asir; better beh thank?tl yau have e'aeaed a-auad wuman. Oh, it oauld have wrun'gyour heart to have witnessed her hrorror her n'oish -' "Woman, are you le-sh" ,nd blood, or demon?" hoarerely demanded the merchanut. "Dimon--just what youtmademe.:'f only hope yeou will now feel a pang of what have suffered. You may take mte, kill me , for what I have done; I have had my reveage--" "ad a poor revengs it will prove, when I tell you she is my daughter only by adoption." He turned to his listening guests, a haughty flash mounting to hie fBn face. "My friends, this woman's insane anger against me makes it necessary to tell ?,S a very painful story. It has been kept a secret from a foolish fear that it might cloud my girl's life-ebh ie my girl, though no drop of my blood flows in her veins. Yoo know, some of you, that my wife died in an insane asylum only a few years ago. Her mind began to fail soon after we were married, and she grew much norse alfter her child died. 'We travelled over the Continent, and one night we stopped at a hotel in a little town where an English woman lay dying. She had a lovely little giri, a-mere babhy, and the thought of leaving at alone in the world distressed her beyond measure. My wife took a strange fancy to the little one, and at last we adopted her; and from that day to this she has been my girl, my Alice, my treasure; but would to Heaven I had told her this and spared her amoothod out the and little note. ',How desperate her shame and misery must hare rendered her, to cause her to run away in the dead oa night-she, so young, so tenderly sheltered from all the rough winds of human advereity," he murmured, brokenly. In the deep silence that fallowed Mr. Dei mood's explanation the old woman crept out, boafll d, erest-fallen, and when the servanta would have arrested her, Kinogsly restrained them. "Let her go; she can do no more mischief." Then he touched MIr. D?Hmond on the arm. "elouse yourself, vie. We mast find Alice." "Yee, we must find her. Oh, Phil, where can she be ? my poor girl, my darling I" And Pill net his lips hard together, and turned from the right of the wedding favora lying on the table. Alas for hia happiness I How ewiftly, cruelly, it had been deastroyed Just a week ninee ebe had elft her' father'a house, and yet to Alice Desmond, sitting in the sunshine in front of an old house in a suburb ot Lnodon, the time had dragged so heavily it seemed an age. She sat on a stool, herhead resting against a small tree, her hands listlessly folded in her lap. There were dark rings under her lovely eyes, and a fied pallor on her smooth cheek. An old woman came softly to the door, looked at her. and shook her head with a deep si?b. She had been the girl's nur?s, and loved her with devotion. What a shoek it had been to her to bate her nrslelieg come as she didl I She could nou attend the wedding, but she sat by her lonely fire thinkiog of it one evrening just as dusk, when came a loud, hurried knock on the front door, and there on the step stood Alice, pallid as death-a veritable ghost, the fright ened woman at first thought. "Oh, Ner, takle me ionl hide me away from the world, for my heart is broken I" she panted, and fell faint and eahxbnoaeted across the threchold; anod there she had been evereinee--n silent, joyous creature, so un like her old, gay, brilliant self, it wrung the woman's heart to look at her. To-day she eat on the stool in the sun thin'. lislee. hopelera. "Oh, that master would come '" sighed old Mora ; and scarcely bad the wish found rn 0arueýýealtAingto Rn pen und.hlre startled ap with a cry, onfy to eink back o again on the stool, breathless, almost faint- . nlog. The nent moment she was in her ath er' arms. " Alice, my girl l --my daring I" be cried, and broke down, his tears falling on her bent head. "Oh, father," she moanedir, "why did you bring him witbh you L--l cannot bear it." And then, mustering his emotions, he told her the story he had told to the wedding "Had you come to me that night, my child, I would have told you then." I shall not attempt to tell you how the glrl felt. The revulsion from blahkesl deapair to greatest joy made her senses almost reel. At firset she listened, pale'and bewildered, then she laughed and wept by turns; bot the moment of supremest joywas when her lover's arms clasped her, her lover's lips pressed hers, and she knew she need never ehrink from him.. SoufIfering had taught her thoenature of happiness. They were married that day without pomp or show of any kind, "for." said Kingaly, "we will -nve no mare wedding eve." : . -... ._-. . 