WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBBE26. Brentnall and Archibald Again. That pious politician, the Hon. and Reverend Freddy Brentnal), and bis friend Archibald appear to nave their names mixed up in other of the abominations of modern society. In addition to the North Chillagoe Mining Company, No Liability, according to Philp'g answer on Wednesday to Tom Givena'p question, the names of these two MM L.C. appear amongst the applicants for dredging areas in the Herberton mining district. A question relating to the Government Print ing Office by Mat. Reid drew from the Home Secretary tbe information that some of the board of experts' recommendations re ciaaatficftston and grading of the staffs of that institution hai been carried out, others were under oonstoeration and would shortly be given effect to in a modified form. For*ytn Mid tbs Syndicates. Another whole sitting was devoted to dealing with syndicates and their schemes, For.syth resumed die discussion on the Normwiton Cloncurry proposal, and he made a valiant effort to prejudice the member for Flindew in die eyes of his con stituents. It was a question now, be said, of a syndicate line or none at all. Remem bering all the circuraBtanoesuonnected witb die last Carpenf-aria election, and die fact that Forfiyth's political existence depends u|ion his s4yocacy of private railways, his misoonstruction of McDonald's statements — and his anxiety for the passage of the Bill can be understood and valued at their full worth. JTht Ubonr Party Still Perstittent. ? Three Labour sneakers followed in sue ceHsion--Mftxwe.il. W. Hamilton, and Rei 1. All agreed as to the evils of private-railway ownership unler any circumstances, more especially to die big scheme under con sideration. Max wd I alluded to the gradual increase of the eyndicatore' appetites, {minting out that they were now asking for twice the oonce«ions they off ere i origin ally to huiJd the railway line for. He quoted various authorities on die valuable natureof themineralresourossof diedistriot, and contended that die Government ought to fulfil die promises repeatedly made to the electors and build die line themselves. Bill Hamilton also agreed with his ooMeagoe on these points, and argued that with the great pastoral and mining miustry to back it, it would become one of the best paying lines. With the possibilities of die dis covery of payable coal near Wtnton, he thought it would lie advisable to connect Cloncurry with Winton instead of Port Norman. In any case it was folly to give concessions to a syndicate to build a line which should be built by the State. — Mat ? Reid took Forsyth to task for his criticism and misrepresentation of the member for Flinders, referred to the rival routes— himself favouring die one down the .Flinders— and backed up eloquently and ? vigorously the arguments ani illustrations advanced by previous Labour speakers as to the pernicious effects of syndioatism. Leahy and His Ghost. X.'*ahy followed. He and Forsyth are probably the two most anxious men in Par liament regarding these schemes. They are running in double harness. They Bit together, work together, and act together. What -one «ays Hhe other swears by. Forsyth is coming to be regarded as Leahy's ghost. Johuny's speech was all in favour of private enterprise die world over. He contended that Great Britain an1) America had been built up by it. He didn't refer to tbe anxiety of the people in both places to get rid of the evil, which experience had taught them was a serious aui gigantic one; bnt he trotted out a couple of little coal-siding private railway bills passed recently by the N;S:W. iJegiB iature to ^fauw that^QueenslsBd was not peculiar in the matter of private railway construction. Kidston closed the nights talk with half- »n-hour's speech in reply to Leahy aud others, whereupon the debate was adjourned at 10.45. W. Kkwlet desires to acknowledge re« ceipt per W. Eitchings. Eastmere, in aid Aramac Hospital, £3 15s. The usual meeting of the Eight Hour Union was held on Wednesday even ing last, there being a fair attend ance of delegates. An invitation from the Newcastle Eight Ho -r Union to send d«-le-- gates to their demonstration on the 18th October next was received, and the secre tary. Mr. J. Izatt, was appointed to that position. The amended rules were con si ered and further adjourned to a special meeting on 17th October. 