TURF TOPICS. ? a-. A RUN to Warwick Farm to-day will bo ?'?'tho order for racegoers. Tho Newcastle Jockoy CIud Meeting will -bo llnlshed off to-day. Tho chestnut gelding Cranbourno dis played a fair turn ot speed In the Hlgn welght Handicap at Randwlck last Satur day, and may bo equal to winning at ono ot tho suburban truclts ore long. Aqua and' Australian nre to bo sent back from Adclaldo to Wnstern Australia shortly. First Mate In to 'bo turned out there, but Tarquln is to be prepared in Adelaide for tho Spring campaign In Victoria. ?Donald is entered for tho V.R.C. Grand National Hurdles, and If he' improves in 'auythtug like the same ratio 'between now nnd thon as ho did from tho S.T.C. Mooting to the A.J.C. Meeting, he will be vory hard to 'boat under u light wolght. ? ? Tho St. Albans horsus aro frooly noral natod for tho Spring events, and It would he strango if, after all tho efforts tho lato Mr. W. R. Wilson made 'to* win a Molbourno Cup, somothlng bred by him should win this year. Despite all the rain, tho going at Warwick Farm to-day will bo souml enough, tho course being certainly the 'best wo havo In wet weather. If tho incessant rnln will only cease, a /Ine day overhead ought to lnducu follaworB of the sport to turn out in full strength. W. Frost, who In taking Solem to Mel bourno, also wanted to get hold of Victory for tho Southern capital, but that ruaro'a owner did not wish to part with her. Vic tory is purtlculnrly smart off the mark, and there is no dnuht sbo would bo hard to 'beat in the five furlong races run jit Melbourua suburban mootlngs. A really good day's sport was seen at tho new coursing plumpton, Bolmore Park, on Wednosdny, and It tho sarao BUndorfl Is kopt up, public support is bound to too llbo ral to the ilxtures on that convincing ground. Hares wore good, most of them got away, and mnny of the trials w.oro 'both, luteroatlng and exciting. It Is well known -that Flying Fox is what is eallod 'a vory high cournged' horuo, but ?the full extent of his courogo is not known. It was notlcod that tho lad who rodo him into tho sale ring wais as whlto as a ghost, and tho one who hold tho loading roln had net the apnoaranoc of happlnoss on his faco. Ace of Diamonds did not appreclato his big wolght in tho Welter at Randwlck on Saturday, 'and although tho -stable reckoned ho had a roally good winning chance, ho fallod to run. decently. He has ahown fair form in weltors at Handwiok, but he hnd ' nothing near lOst 101b to carry on thoae op cualona. ; Tho butchors of tho metropolitan dis trict aro 'going In tor trotting at Fo-^^ Lodge every Wednesday afternoon. 'JLuT- game never prospers much In tho hands of the rogitlar race clubs, and por-baps tho bu.t chera will rise to an appreciation of tho flue points in it and mako trotting boom In a small way. TWoro is no doubt Allx has Improvod oon sldora'bly during her atay In Sydney, nnd nho 1b uounnonclng to nice honestly enough now. Sho in bigger thnn when Bho ilrnt cumo over, nnd tlioiiKh tho Wilson family's idea of racing mares llfiht mny hold good in mnny casuB, It la fioiircoly to bo expected thut it would do no In nil, and Allx appenrs to bo one of tlio exceptions. KlfKt Consul wiia not n success us n two your-old when rauurt by Mr. Crick, but ho hnn ovldontly improved filneo Jio loft tho metropolis. Ilu waa a good homo for tho books nt Nowunstlu ou Thursday, au ho rau mnvhnro In tlio Opening Handicap, for ?which ho started favorite, nnd lulor on In ?tho flfflornoon won ttiu Oily Handicap ftt an outside price. He will havo to put up a 71b penally In tho Newniatlo Cup, which brings his wolftht up tn 7nt Vlb, but even with that ho tihould mil! have a fair chtuico, an ho won tin; City r-lnndlcap very comfortably. The Melbourne Cup entry of 171 Is a re cord for that raco, the previous best being 165 in 1885. Some of the English papers reckon .The Grafter was lucky to win tho City and Su burban, as. Innocence was going much the stronger of the bwo at the finish, but could not get through on the rails, when his rider tried to shoot him up insldo The Grafter. When he failed It was too late to pull out and come round. St. Simon looks like making a clean sweep of the classic races In England this season. Diamond Jubllco or Simondalo ought to ac count for tho St. Leger, and that will com plete tho list, the races to credit being the Ono Thousand, Two Thousand, Derby, and Oaks. If Carbine is falling the Duke ot Portland, St. Simon la doing well enough for both. In getting about ns good an entry for th« ? Grand National Hurdle Raco as It did last year the V.R.C. has donb vory well, arfd probably the class is a Utt'lo better. Pat i« outorcd, and several other old performers whoso troublo will be standing a prepara tion. Sydney does not mako a big show, but has contributed two or three useful ones. La Carabine is ono Cup candidate sure of support for the 'Melbourne Cup If sho is not too severely treated in tho weights. Had tho ?Adolnido Cups boon at two rnlles she would probably accounted for on* of them, for It is as a stayer only sho particularly shines. In 'the Alderman Cup last Saturday this was maJdo apparent, as she prevailed only in the last furlong. The Hon. T. H. Hnssall la going In for a few jumping horsea, and probably will score n. win or two directly to make up for his want ot success during tho lost fow weeks with Donald and Crusado. Ho has a useful hurdlo- rncer in Donald, and Cmsado was unlucky In falling against a horso of bolter class in Brokerage. Still, as tbo black is well, ho muy win somotuing when thero Is no Brokerage to beat. Brokerage, who won lnst Saturday's steop'loohnso lit Rnndwlck, has l)eun In P. Nolan's charge for aomo weeks, and in tho big brown Roldlng th'at trainer has n very useful customer to go on with until old Ditto gets Into Bhnpo again. Nolan's hur dlor, Budou-l'owoll, does not stay as well ns tho hero of Mafoklng, but for all that ho may yot maungo to win a. hurdle race at one of tho iniburbau nicotlucs. ?So many Jockeys were wlpnd out in America hist year that this season thoro u u lack of llrst-olass horsemon, and any of tho top-notchers can command a big re taining fco. it would nppoar that once a Jockey makes a -mistake hi America ho has to vory careful after, us ho receives special attention fi-om tho stewards. However, tho chances nru that, despite tho watch koj-t on thoso lads of doubtful reputation, they manago to rldo a 'duiid 'uu' or two Juat the sumo. The arnfter's appearance prior to tho City and Suburban did not favorably Impress thoeo who had a look at him, and a Lon don wrltor snys that whatever differences ot opinion thoro may have buon In tho ring us to his chances, there was but one opinion ns to 'his condition. 'Light us a bloomln' crow,' snld ono paddock critic. 'Whoro's the 'bus?' askod another, A third pro claimed loudly that, a» no orthodox tout bail over seen tho horse do a gallop, ho must hnvo dono utrong work In his own stable at night oulchlng mice and black-TjoetlcB. It is not recorded what thoso critics said after tho ruco. Clonnro Is nnother Instance of an animal who shows good form on tho track eventu ally running up to it in public. Unluckily tho majority of tboso who supported Glonoro In his wirllBr rnoos woro too full up ot him to Btanfl him again on Saturday, conso-' qucntly the mouoy won went Into tho poc kets of a fow. Some ot tho'^booKa' inlsaort 'him altogether, but bo made a bad dny of it for othor members of tho Ring. Glqnoro finished roally well, and lator on distance lu pratty euro to p'rovo his .forto. With Duko ot Kont and Dnndy, W. Kulao , ought to Iirvo Just about lauded the' double at Randwlok ltu-t Saturday. Duke of Kont wns a Judicious purehaso on tho part of Mr. 'Stanley,' who sot his money back nnd a profit vory soon. Ho also dodged tho book makers by executing his commission in a way that misled them In laying better prices than thoy intended, 1»U that Is all In tho game. Handled with nioro Judgment, Dandy's socand to Cremona might havo fooen turnort into a win, for, as It was, Dandy hardly got a fair chanco to display his brll llanoy. Hosvevor, he waa boaten by a good mnre in Cromona, whoso owner has bad a jilr turn of luck lately. ?The stylo and time in whloh LonpfroK covored three furlongs last Saturday morn ing roado many who saw him gallop dccldo to glvo him another chance, nnd later on In tbfl day ho for somo time ruled as fnvorltu for tho Kxotcr Stakes, but was subsequently deposed by Duko of Kont. Leapfrog ran respectably, though without ov«r really looking like n winner, and his failures to do bettor with tho color!) up aro hard to understand, n« thoro uro fow bettor track . oalloporu at Rnndwlck. That ho will yot not up to his prlvnto form wo luwo no doubt, but nt tlio sunui time It threaten!* to bo uomo rathor expcnslvo waiting for him to do so. As Is usually tlio enno with tho Molbourno Cup, tbo on trios Includo horaos wlilch would require a furlong start la addition to tho an I ul mum weight to havo fho nllirh'toat nhanco, nnd thoy muat Imvo only boon no minated on tho off cho-noo tlmt thoy might middonly develop hlsh-clnna form, notwltn fitandinti that Vhoy luwo l-oeu battling for n long tlmo In minor ovontn with Indifferent oitecosfl. Tho nvoMffo horoo-owner la noth inr it not liopohri, which nceountn for up much ont.ry-monoy boliuc thrown nway at one tlmo nnd another on proved WMjwn.^ 