The Aboriginal Murderers. Recently the outlaws came to the camp of two fencers, situated among tho ranges. The fen oers were having dinner, and saw the blaoks coming. When within 50 yards they called upon the fencers to surrender, to throw up their hands.and to leave the fire. The fencers obeyed. ering no firearms, told the fencers to return. The 'fencers invited the outlaws to have dinner, the invitation being acceptod. In conversation the blacks said they would not shoot anybody other than those oarrying firearms, but would eboot anybody they believod to be in pursuit of thom. During the progress of tho dinner horse men where heard coming up the mountain. Tho murderers did not hear their approach until they ?wore within about 4.0 yards. Jimmy Governor, on hearing them, sprang up, crying, 'Holy Ghost !'' seized his rifle, and sprang behind a. troe, followed by Joe. The blacks then fired upon the advancing whitos, five in number. These men wore not aware of the presence of tho blacks until hearing shots fired, when they nil jumpod from their horses, and prepared to return the fire, all being armed with rifles. As soon aB the outlaws had delivered their first volley from behind a large troe, they bounded ofE down the hill in the opposite direction, leav ing all their provisions, quart pots, ooats, blankets, and everything they possessed, except ing the rifles and ammunition. As they disap peared past the fencers, they callod out to thom 'You can have all we are leaving behind ; good bye,' They then bounded down the side of the hill, the fencers say, like wallabies, striding 15ft to 18ft per stride. la the meantime tho sur prised civilians were waiting for the outlaws to show out, an6 were not aware of their flight till the fencers informed them. They then went back down the hill, and fired several other shots and within half an hour tho Queensland trackers came up, and were taken to the fencers' camp. They took up the tracks, which followed down one spur about a mile, and then doubled back within 200 yards of tho fencers' camp on another spur, whore the Governors had evidently watched the police and trackers go down the hill, and thon made off in another direction. The Governors on Thursday evening stuck up a selector named Cowley, at the head of the Patterson River, taking rations. One of tho blacks stated that they were making for a cer tain place where they intended to do some shoot ing. When they reached thia place they would bo heard of. On the following day they robbed Edward Lawrence of provisions and blankets. SYDNEY, Monday. The Bceelong blacks were seen at Tallagulla- near Dungog, early yesterday morning. They stuck up Richard Lord, telling him they were the Governors. After an hour's stay they resumed their journey, Lord following in pur suit with twe constables. The tracks were picked up on Sunday after noon on the hills loading in the direction of Siugleton, 