PURPLE AM) FINE LINEN.' . By WILLIAiJ LE QUEUX, " Author of "Whoso Pindeth a Wife," "If Sinners _ Entice Thee,'" "The Day of Temptation," "Scribes . and Pharisees/' -Che Bond of Black," "Zoraida," "Eng land's Peril/' &e.;, &e.; [Published "by special arrangement ?srith-thO .j author. All rights reserved.] " , OHAJPHER XXV.-THE PERSON WHO KNEW. The encounter -was a startling one. At the moment when my eyes first fel] upon the figure standing patiently in the booking-office awaiting me I halted for a second in uncertainty. The silhouette be fore me was that of a youngish, browin haired and rather" good- looking woman, neatly dressed in dead black, .wearing a large 'hat and a feather boa round 'her neck. iiy the expression of her face I saw that she had . recognised me. I liad of course- never seen her before, yet her personal appearance -the grey eyes and brown hair-twere ex actly similar to those described so minute ly on several occasions by' West, the eaib driver. I regarded her for a moment ia silent wonder, then advanced to meet her. She was none other than the unknown woman who 'had saved my life on that fate ful night at The Bo'ltons-che mysterious Edna. . As I raised my ihat she bowed gracefully; and with a merry smile, said "I fear that to you I am a stranger. I recognise you, however, as Mr. Heafcon." ."That is certainly my name." I respond ed, ^still puzzled. "'And'you-well, our recog nition is, I believe, mntual-y-ou are Edna.M She glanced at me quickly, as though sus picious. "How do you know that-;"' she enquired. "You have never seen me be fore. You were totally Wind on the last , occasion we met." "I recognised yon from yourdescription/'* I answered with a Mgfct laugh. "My description!" she echoed; in a tone of -distinct alarm. . "Yes, the description given of you by the cabman w'ho drove me home'on that me morable morning." "Ah! Of course/' she -ejaculated in sud den remembrance. Then, for a few seconds, she remained in silence. It seemed as though the fact that I had recognised liec had somewhat confused hen <4Brrt I am extremely glad that-we have met at last," I assured her. "I have, times without number, 'hoped to have an oppor tunity of thanking you for the great ser vices you once rendered me." "I find with satisfaction that although sis years have gone by you have not forgotten your promise made to me/' she said, her : large serious eyes fixed upon mine. "I gave you that promise in exchange for my life," I remarked, as, at iher suggestion, we turned and walked out of the station. "And as acknowledgment of the service you rendered b\f preserving secret your, knowledge of the events of -that terrible night I was enabled to render you a small service an return," she said. "Your sight was restored to you.'' . "Tor that, how can I sufficiently thank you?" I exclaimed. "I owe it all to you, and rest assured that although iwe have not; met until this evening I have never forgot ten-nor shall I ever forget." She smiled' pleasantly, while T strolled slowly at her side across th^e station-yard. To me those moments were like a dream; Edna, the woman who had .hitherto been but a strange ghost of the past, was now actually beside me in the liesh. "I have received other notes making ap pointments-the last, I think, a couple of years ago," I cfoserved, after a. pause. "Did. you not -meet me then?" She glanced at me with a puzzled ex pression. Of course she knew nothing of those lost years of imy liffe. - "Meet you?" , she repeated. "Certainly not." "Who met me, then?" ^ "I really don't know," she answered. "This is the 'first time I have approached you, and I only come to you now in order to a sic you to grant me a favor-a very great favor." "A favor! What is it?" "I cannot explain here, in the street," she said quickly. "If you will come- to my hotel I will place the. facts before you." . "'Where are you staying?" "At the: Bath -'Hotel, in Arlington street." ... I knew the place well. It stood at the corner of Arlington-street and Piccadilly, and was an eminently respectable, -"old fashioned place, patronised by a high-clas3 clientiele. "And you are alone?" I enquired; think ing it strange that she should thus ask'me to her hotel. "Of course. I have come to- London ex pressly to see you," she responded. 'T went down to Budleigh Salterton two days ago, but I ascertained at Den'bury that you had left suddenly." , "Whom did you see there?" I enquired, much interested. "Your butler. He told me some; absurd story how that you had become-temporar ily irresponsible'for your actions, and had disappeared .leaving ho address." "And you came to London, . "Of course." "And how did you find out where I was hidden and my assumed name?" She smiled mysteriously. "It was easy enough, I assure ^you. A man of your influence in the city, .we"'l known as you are/ has considerable diffi culty in effectively concealing -his iden tity." " . ? "But who told you where I was stay ing:" I demanded. . "'Nobody. I discovered it for myself." . "And yet the police have 'been searching for me everywhere and have not yet (Un covered me!" I remarked, surprised-. "The police 'have one method," she said. "I have an entirely different one." _ .' "Tell me one thing," I said, halting in onr walk, for we were already at the com mencement of Victoria-street-that street down which I had wandered blindly on that night long ago when I had lost my self-"tell me for what reason those .pre vious appointments were made with me at Grosvenor Gate, at King's Cross, ab'-Epsb bourne, and elsewliere?" / "You kept them," she replied. . You surely know?" "No, that's just it," I said. "Of course, I don't expect you to give credent to what I say-it sounds too absurd-but 1 have absolutely no knowledge of keeping those appointments, except the one at Grosvenor Gate, and I am totally ig' norant of having met anybody." . . She paused, looking me full in the face with those grey eyes so full of mystery. "I begin to think that what the butler told -me contains some truth,'? , she ob served bluntly. "No," I protested. "My mind is in no way unhinged. I am fully aware of all that transpired at The Boltons, of --" "At The Boltons?"- she interrupted, turning a trifle pale. "What do you mean?"' "Of the crime enacted at that house-iit The Boltons." She held her breath. Plainly she was not before aware that I had discovered the spot where the tragedy had taken place. My words had taken lier by surprise, and it was evident.that she was utterly con founded. My discovery I had kept a profound secret,. unto , myself, and now, for the first time, had revealed it. Her face' showed how utterly taken aback she was. "There is some mistake, I think," she said lamely, apparently for want of some thing other to say. "Surely your memory carries you back ?to that midnight tragedy," I exclaimed rather hastily, for I saw she would eveu now mislead me if she could. "I have discovered where it took place-I have since re-entered that room. "You have!" she gasped in the low hoarse voice of one fearful lest her secret should be discovered. "You have actually rediscovered the house-even though you were stone blind?" "Yes," I answered. : "How did you accomplish it?" I shrugged my shoulders, answering "There is an old saying-a very true />ae -that murder will out.' " "But tell me more; Explain more fully," she urged in an earnest tone. I hesitated. Next instant, however, I decided to keep my own counsel in the matter. Her readiness to deny that the events occurred in that house had re aroused within me a distinct suspicion. , 'It is a long story and cannot be told here, I answered evasively. . 'fTbett come along to the -hotel,3> she suggested. "I, too, have much to say . to you." I do nafc know that I should have obeyed ker "were'-it not for the mystery which had hitherto- veiled her identity. She had saved my Ivfe it is true, and I supposed that I: ougiifc to consider her as a friend, yet in those, few minutes during which I ?nad gazed u,oon her a curious dislikfe of her !had arisen -within me. She was, I felt cer tain, not the straightforward person l had Once believed her to be. Not that the-re was'anything in her ap pearance against' 'her. On the contrary, she was a pleasant, smiling, rather pretty Woman of: perhaps* 35, who spoke with the air and manner of a "lady and' who' carried 'herself weD,_ with the grace of one in a '.higher social eircle. : : After a'few moments'-' hesitation my curiosity got the jfefcter of my natural cau tion, and:I'determined to hear what she haj to say. Therefoce we diwe together to-the-Bath Hotel.- . In her own private sitting-room, a cosy little apartment overlooking Piccadilly, opposite Dover-street, die removed her big blade hat, drew off her gloves, and hav ing invited me to a chair, took one her eelf on the opposite aide of the fireplace. Her maid was there when we entered, but retired at word from her mistress.. ' . "You, of course,. regard it as very curious, -Mr. Heaton, that after these sis years I should again- seek you," she com menced, leaning her arm lightly upon the little table ana gazing straight into any face without flinching. "It is true that once-1'was enabled to: render you a .ser vice, and now in return-1 ask you hYso to render me one. Of course it is useless to deny that' a secret exifctts between us-a eecret ;whi<?h, if-revealed, would be disas trous." 'v. - "To whom?" "To certain persons whose names need not be-mentioned." "Why not?" ? . w-"Think!" she /said " very gravely.. "Did you. not promise me that, in retain- for your life-when you were blind' and' help less', you would ? make" no effort, to; learn the ^true facts? It seems that-you have ialready learnt' at least one-tho.sjiotJpidiere fthe" crime was committed." . y "I consider , it my .-duty -to-leafa --witjat I can, of this affair," I answerpd detemaied .]y. . - . - . , _ ' [To be continued from day to day; timl \- . finished.] 