Sydney Week by Week. (From L. J:_pecial ,Correspondent.) SYDNEY, July 2. Clause 74 ::of . the -Federation Consti tution has ;p assed"our Parliament, so, as far as W.e .are conceried, there is nothing to; stop the march of Federa tion. The debate over the clause was delayed owing to a wrangle about Mr. Barton's expenses. He left here with' £?ooo given him to pay the cost of the trip, but his stay has proved much more lengthy than was expected. So the representative of this colony finds him self "stranded" in London, unable to pay his hotel bill. The Premier pro posed to send him £500 more, but the leader of the Labor party objected, and moved the adjournment of the House over it. Then followed the chance for the democrats to ask why Barton couldn't live like any other man on zos. a day Eventually Sir William Lyne compromised matters by promising to put this item of 50oo on a Supply Bill he proposes to introduce next week. So we may expect another night when the cost of London hotels will be fully dis cussed,and the problem will be solved as to whether an ambassador from the colony should or should not, when he visits London, seek out a cheap board ing house, where he will be provided with "full and plenty" for '5s. a week. The present Government.poses as a "country Ministry," and is trying to curry favor with the electors in outly ing districts by promises of grants for roads and all kinds of improvements. Minister for Works O'Sullivan is most lavish with his drafts on the bank of futurity, quite oblivious as to where the sinews of war are to come from. He is never tired cf expatiating on how his predecessor in the Works Department starved the country. His latest "bon mot" is this: "The members of the late Government climbed up the Post Office tower in Sydney and looking round said 'That is New South Wales!' " When a rumor is persistent-in spite of contra dictions-there is generally some truth in it,and the latest report in circulation is that genial "Tom Hassell," Minister for Lands, is to go to London as "Go vernment commercial agent," that Post master-General Crick is to take his place at the Lands, and that a new man is to be brought into the Ministry to take charge of the Post Office. But Pre mier Lyne says he doesn't know any thing about it! So it can't (?) be true! * * * * * Since the time of the old man and his donkey, very few persons have essayed the impossible task of pleasing every body. A bye-election at Bathurst has, however, it would seem, had that re sult. The Government (the Premier and majority of his Cabinet being pro tectionists) to show that they had sunk the fiscal issue and were going bald headed for Federation, put up a local lawyer, a staunch freetrader and a sound Federationist. His opponent, a publican and a protectionist, was re turned. The Government profess to be pleased that the result shows that the electors have pronounced in favor of their pet scheme for raising revenue. The Oppositionists rejoice, because they say that Reid must be as popular as ever, for a man, who was a protectionist, to have beaten the Government nomi nee. The Labor party exults on ac count of the new member being a sym pathiser with their views. So do the Licensed Victuallers because he is a publicin, and last, but inot least, the ae feated lawyer, in addressing the elec tors after the result, said he was mpre than pleased because he. could now re main in Bathirst withdit' having to go to Sydney and neglect his business. So as every one is happy '(or:pretends to be) all is well, that ends well. * * . * * - , His ExcellenCy has been at it again! On this occasion,.Judge Docker had the pluck to publicly 'but quietly pull him over the coals, "the occasion being a gathering at the King's School prize distribution. Mr, Kingston, one of the Federal delegates, Kalgoorlie readers may have noticed, attacked the Governor on account of some recent utterances of his about the Common wealth Bill negotiations. ' hese Judge Docker repeated, and tendered His Ex cellency his sympathy, professing to be indignant at Kingston's attack. Earl Beauchamp looked puzzled, and leant over to the Primate, whispering some thing to him. The Archbishop evi dently smoothed things over, and the Governor thanked his defender and those present for the endorsement they had given to the defence. Not content with this, His Excellency, speaking at a meeting of public school teachers, lamented the number of children to be seen in the streets all hours of the day and night, and'then went into details about the number of illegitimate births in the colony, children-mothers, and all that sort of thing. The lady teachers present all blushed scarlet, and matrons now want to know whether it is safe to allow their unmarried daughters to go again to hear the Governor speak! Who is to be the first Governor-Gene ral is evoking considerable speculation. The Premier, when asked about it in the House, said it was not at all likely he would be consulted, as the appoint ment would rest entirely with the Im perial authorities. Three names are, however, freely mentioned-the Duke of Fife, Earl Jersey, and the Earl of Hopetoun. The Duchess of Fife is said to have a horror of all State functions, and this may prevent her husband from being chosen. Either of the two Earls would be popular here judging from their previous Australian experiences. The new Duke of Argyll, whose name was freely spoken of some time ago, seems now to be quite "out or the run ning." The position will rank next to that of the Viceroy of India and the Governor-General of Canada. Our local Governors will only be very "small fry" when the Boss Governor arrives. It may not be generally known that when N.S.W. was granted her first con stitution (under Si- Stuart Alexander Donaldson) she took over England's laws "holus bolus," and that they would all be in force here to-day if most of them had not been repealed by local statutes. The consequence is that from time to time some musty old law, that everyone had forgotten, is found to be still in force here, such as a law of George IV. providing that Sabbath breakers shall be put in the stocks. This sentence was actually passed the other day by a bench of up-country magis trates, but, as there were no stocks handy, the offenders were let go scot free. Now, it has been discovered that an Act of the reign of Queen Anne has never been repealed here so that "notes, I5ills;rtiid§,; cheques;mort ?age3;- eet;,?, given for money won at,gaming are "ttt terly void, 'ftrusttrate, and of none'.f-& feet," even 'if thet have passed into tWe hands of a person who had no .iknb''vh ledge that th'e' securities had anything. to do with wagers. Through this Acts. having .bee's ,.unearthed a bill discoun ter has "falldn in" heavily. But pe'r 'haps he can afford it! .When our Lancer boys went. t Eng land -during the Jubilee, it is an open secret that they played havoc with the affections of their pretty British cou sins, and most of them left their sweet= hearts as keepsakes the plumes of cock's feathers which made their felt hats look so captivating in the girls' eyes. One Irish young lady--who was disappointed at not receiving a plume -there were not enough to go round- wrote to the captain of the Parramatta squadron and asked him to procure and post her one, He did so, and it ar rived safely at Dublin, when, as it hap pened, there was a party at the young lady's house, and' one of the guests wrote an impromptu poem about it, which was afterwards printed ~and a copy posted to the Parramatta Captain, when acknowledging the Lancer's plume. The first verse runs thus: Only a handful of feathers On a humble rooster grown! But they are dear to the hearts of us all. Gentle and simple, great and small, From the babe to the Queen on her throne. Chorus Every English, Irish, and Scotch man hails That plume of feathers from New South Wales! * * * * ' A funny incident happened at Ba. thurst the other day. Two gentlemen were crossing the river-the Mac quarie-just outside the town. There had been some heavy rains and the river was much swollen. They got to the middle, when the water flowed over the bottom of their buggy. Their horse jibbed. Coaxing and whipping were equally in vain. There he stood, as moveless as the boy on the burning deck. "The shades of night were fall ing fast," and not wishing to spend it in the middle of the river,.one of.the twain took off his coat,swam ashore-in doing which he lost his watch and chain and dripping from head to foot called at a pub. and borrowed two horses and hired two men, who went on them into the river, hitched them on to the buggy which they brought safely to the dry land, jibbing horse, passenger and allh. Next time these two gentlemen want to cross the river they will probably drive over the bridge! An itinerant showman at Bega has got into trouble. The town had been placarded with bills announcing a cy clorama and a variety company, which included a skirt dancer as well as seve ral other attractions. He had a full house. Suppressed groans were mani fest when the "cyclorama" turned out to be an ordinary magic lantern, but the audience were not very demonstrative, as they expected something very choice when the skirt dancer came on. But when a grandmotherly ghost of a dan seuse made her appearance to the music of a piano in the wheezy stage of in ,?n ,a^t t a"?.l,. stand it no longer, 'and '?iooed the.: sto}t oldf dame and wan'n?ed; itheir moue.e `-?ack. ' This they didn't ,get, ?.ut trdtta, infotmation re ceivedt":th'e sergeant ?of. liide served the ,showman.:ith a sumnimons fbr obtaining money by ineans of fal.se pretences. The "Beak" let him dcwn lightly, 20os. fine and ,{2 7s 9d costs. Perhaps after this decisicn we shall 'see fewer flaming posters about circuses, roaring lions, educated elephants, "wonderful gym nasts and contortionists, which prove in the flesh to be attenuated specimens of natural history, one mournful clown, a nondescript lady in pink tights, and a small boy with a broken whip and a cracked voice. The follcwing story is being told of a Sydney lady whose husband recently "struck it rich" and who is trying all she knows now to get into "Sassiety."She has nut her "generally useful" man uinto livery, plush breeches and all, and he now sits beside ?ir. Coachman in the brand-new landau when she goes out visiting. The other day she went out driving to call on her new aristocratic friends, and, before leaving home, sent James (she has christened her man "Tames". now, he used to be called "Peter" rr "Pete" for short) up to her boudoir for her card case.. After driv ing round Potts Point and Darling Point. where her lackey dismounted from his box and left a card at several of the houses v'wi'h Mrs. Blank's corn piiments." She said, "Now, James, we nave only three more calls to make Mrs. A., of Challis Avenue; Mrs. B., of Victoria-street, and Mrs. C., of the Cedars." Whereas honest Peter replied "How shall I manage, marm; I've only got two cards left, the Jack of Spades and the three of clubs." He had taken a pack of playing cards which were ly ing on her table, instead of the new visiting cards that had just come home from the engraver. The present scribe some weeks ago stated that there was quite a craze among papas and mammas in Sydney to christen their infants after some of our South African generals. It would seem that this nomenclature fad is catching, and has spread to ship owners, one of whom has named his steamer Baden-Powell, and she has just accomplished a feat showing that she is a general among ships. one arrived in Sydney from the Nambucca River, where she was h;ult, with a leviathan ironbark girder, measuring 98 ft. in length and 14ft square. The Baden Powell shipped this giant piece of tim ber after every other vessel, sailor or steamer, had refused to carry it, and brought it safely to Mr Booth's saw mills at Johnstone's bay. Its ultimate destination is New Zealand. It is the largest ironbark girder that hlas ever been brcught to Sydney, and if it had not been impossible for the teams, on account of the bends in the road, to draw it to the port of shipment, its length would have been 22ft more, as that much had to be sawn off on the road to the Nambucca wharf. 