CREW SAVED BY A GHOST. I Many strange incidents occur at sea, but nono mora so than that which befell Captain Bonner, of tho brig Mohawk, a small vessel ongagod in tho West Indies trade. Aftor leaving St. Thomas, her last port of call, on one voyage the brig was steering a iiorth-weBterly course, homeward bound, beating up under short canvas against high wind** and Jipfivv raur fnilnwin/rin tlin ivnlrn of a hurricanu which had traversed, tho tropics fivo or six days beforo. Her captain, who had been soma hours on deck, wont below ut midnight after directing tho first officer, who was on watch, to keep tho course then. Bteerod, and to call him in caso of any change for tho worso in the weathor. Ho lay down upon a sofa in tho main cabin, but as tho brig's bell struck twico, became conscious of tho figure of a man, wearing a green sou'wester, standing beBido him in the dim light, of tlie cabin lump. QJhen ho heard the words — 'Change your course to the sou'wost, captain.' Captain Benner got up and went on deck, where he found that tlio weather had moderated and that tho brig was carry- ? ing more sail and making better headway. Ho a3ked tho mate on duty why ho had sent down to call him, to which that officer ro pliod that lie had not dono so. Tho captain, fancying that he had been dreaming, wont back to tho cabin, but ho was disturbed soon again by a socond- visit from tho man in tho g.ieen sou'wester, who re peated his provious ordor and vanished up tho companionway. Tho captain, now thoroughly aroused, jumped up arid pur sued tho retreating figure, but saw no one until lie met the mato on watch, who insisted, that he had not. sent any messenger below. Mystified and perplexed, Captain Ben ner returned to tho -cabin ' only to see his ~ singular visitor re appear, to hear him repeat the order to change the course to sou'-west, with' the added warning — ' If you do not it will soon be too latel' and to see him disappear as, before. Going on deck lie gave tho necessary Orders for tho change in the Bhip's course to south west. The officers of tho brig woro not only surprised, but also indignant, and finally de termined to seize their captain and put liiui in irnnR.wlinn. nnrm after davbreak. the look out forward reported somo object dead ahead. As the vessel kopt on it was made out to bo a ship's boat. As it ranged abeam it was seen - to contain four men lying under its thwarts, one of whom wore a green Bou'wcster. The Mohawk was promptly hove to, a boat lowered, and the caBtaways taken in. Tho castaways proved to be the captain and three men, tho only survivors of tho crew of a vessel which' had gone down in the hurri cane, and they had been drifting helplessly without food for fivo or six days. Tho green sou'wester was the property of tho rescued captuin. A few days later when he had re covered sufficiently to be able to leave liis berth, he was sitting one day in the main cabin of the brig with Captain Benner. He suddenly asked his host whether he believed in dreams. ' Since I havo been here,' he continued, ' I have been thinking how familiar this cabin looks. I think that I havo been hero before. In the night before you picked me up I dreamed that I caine to you here in this cabin and told you to change your course to Bou'west. The first time you took no-notice of me, and I came the second time in vain; but tho third time you changed your course, and I woke to find your ship alongside of us.' ; ? ? Then Captain Benner, who had noticed the resemblance of the speaker to his mysterious visitor, told his own story of that night. ' - 