Topics of the Hour By "Oracle." THE CITIES OF PEIvlX. The Tsien-nien Gate connecting the Tarlar with the Chinese City. Per in, always a city of great interest, is now the centre of general attention. All the same, it is astonishing how little l-eople know of it, the prevailing idea heing that it is a rather cheap Oriental centre, something between the gaudy architectural conception of an Arab and the savage squalor of say a ^'ace like ancient Comuiassie. According to the best authorities a city has existed on the site of Pekin for three thousand years. Marco Polo tells us that in the thirteenth century it was magnificent and splendid, and there is reason for supposing it was even better at other periods of its exist ence. Anterior to and for the first ten centuries of the Christian era it was known as Yew clian, and was the abode of a comparatively enlightened popula- 1 tion and the seat of much that tomes under the heading of art and philosophy. In 1111 A.n. Wan-Wang of the Chan dynasty mad* his brother Prince of Yer, and this Prince built Ten-king, on the site of the present Chinese division, for Pekin is a congregation of cities, one fitting inside another, much as do the well-knowa Oriental toilet boxes, though from the time of Geughisklian, the famous chief of tho Mongol Tartars, there have always been two distinct divisions, the Tartar or ruling city and the Chinese city south of it. Passing over many dynastic changes we may take as the point of greatest interest in the history of the capital the year 1(54 2, when Pekin was surrendered to a victorious rebel, Le Toze Ching. The rightful Emperor committing suicide because of this, the Chinese General commanding the adjacent frontier invited the Manehoo Tartars to aid him in restoring the place to its former owners, and the ilanchoos responding lie was ejected and his army routed and destroved. The victorious Tartars, however, having gained an eutr-mee to the citv, refused to evacuate it, aud proclaimed as Emperor of China, Shun-che, the first of the ruling dynasty, which has led to so much trouble. Pekin is situated in 1 lie midst of a vast alluvial plain, formed of deposits from the Yelbw River, and is So miles north-west from tlie Gulf of Pethili and 40 miles from the nearest point of the Great Wall, which was erected, by the way, to keep out the very caste which now ha dominion in the Empire. The Chinese city is known as Wai-ching, and covers 15 square miles, aud the 'lartar city, which is connected with it by three fortified gateways, of which the original of the illustration is the chief, is called Nincliing. Within the latter is another smaller city, Uwang-ching or the Yellow city, containing the places of the Kuiperor and the residences of hi? retainers. There is no mountain or hill of any kind in the vicinity of Pekin, but a good view of the capital is to be had from the summit of its lofty walls. From any point of vantage obtainable from the heights of the latter the sightseer may behold a vast and strange panorama. The sun, shining with intense brightness from an unclouded blue sky, projects thick black shadows from every obiect, whilst its rays sparkle on roofs of tarnished tiles or illumine the masses of gold and bine aud vermilion which rise above the sombre green of the cedars or parlor foliage of the acacias, which abound all over the area. Temples, pagodas, kiosks, gates and towers, marble bridges, tall masts with flags aud pennants unite to form a strange but beautiful medle}' of form and c:ilor. On the one hand lies the Tartar city with its three compartments—great thoroughfares, barracks, palaces of princes with roofs of yellow, blue domed temples and shimmering peaceful lakes, and amidst it all broad stretches of desolate ruins, marking the scenes of former splendor and greatness. On ihe other hand is seen the Chinese city— an inexplicable maze of narrow streets, aud market places, woods and temples. The great central avenue with its immense crowds of people is conspicuous and beyoud that, but within ifoe walls, appear dark clusters of forest irom in which li^e the magnificent domes of tlie Temple of Jeaven and th Temple of Agriculture. One of tiie most striking features of the scene is the far- stretching lofty wall on which four carriages might drive abreast, and in the distance an unexamplel landscape rich with the evidences of patient industry and uielting in a haze of silver Oriental light. Thcie can be little doubt that Pekin at one time was one of the handsomest cities in the world, when all was magnificent and everything in good repair, but the last century has been one of neglect, and the Pekin of to-day is decaying fast, and must, unless aciive measure* are speedily taken, go to utter rain. " Whoever has not s«en this wonderful city," says the Marquis de Beauvoir, " does not know what decay means. Thebes, Memphis, Carthage, Rome contain ruins which tell of a fall ; this place preys upon itself. It is a corpse falling day by day inty dust." A complete brief history of Pekin would exhaust more space than is at the writer's disposal, but it uiay be given from time to time while the present excitement is on, with such illustrations as may be sure to impress the principal scenes on the memory of the reader. Sufficient at present to say that, apart from the writings of Marco Polo, very little was known of the place till 1860, when the victorious troops of England and France marched through the An-ting Gate to dictate those terms to Prince Kang, which led to the ' present foreign relations of the celestial Empire—and to their resulte. A " G.O.M." BISHOP. The lute Bishop of Liverpool, when iisked in 1898 to ace'iint for his long life, wrote :—" I am eighty-two, and am still able to preach and attend to a Bishop's duties. I have never lived any special rule of life. Before twenty-live I used to take a great deal of exercise. [ have never beeu a smoker.'" And now he is dead, aged 84. and the world can value his opinion, as expressed on longevity, for what it is worth. The Right llev. John Charles Rylc, as l:e was in actual name, was one (if the leaders of the Kvangeiical School. He was a son of a member of Parliament, and was born in 1816. Educated at Oxford, he graduated in 1830, and later tock tirst-ciass classical honors, evidencing that lie was a great if still a 3'oulhful scholar. lie was admitted into orders in 1841, and his career, prior to Lord Beaconsfield making him a Bishop iu 1880. may be summed up as follows :—Curate of Exbnrv ; Rector of St. Thomas's, Winchester : Rector of Ilelmingliam, S'iflFolk : Vicar of Stradbroke. Suffolk : Rural Dean of s Home : Honorary Cano'.i of Norwich ; Dean of Salisbury. Dr Rvle was the auth'ir of many works, which are classics under the heading of Theology. The most notable of these are " Expository Thoughts on the Gospel," Plain Speaking," Hvnins for the Church on Earth," " Bishops and Clergy of other Days," and " Principles for Churchmen." The late Bishop was thrice married. 3 » » THE FEMALE OOM PAI L OF CHINA. The Dowager Empress of China, who is said by some people to be the cause of the present disturbances, is not of Imperial or even noble blood. She was tlie child of poor parents living in the suburbs of Canton, but, like ihe milk maid of the song, she had a fortune in her face. She became a sort of Chinese Nell Gwvnne. A famous General was attracted by her beauty, and straightway bought her. From the General she passed to Hsien Feng, who, like Charles II of merry memory, was not fortunate in war, but had an excellent taste wheie female beauty was concerned. He had already a legitimate wife, but the customs of China enabled him to place a second wife very nearly on the same level with the first. When Hsien Fmg died he bequeathed the crown to his son, Tung Chi, but the Regency was divided between the two wives, with a secret power to veto to the legitimate spouse. This lady was of a yielding disposition. and had no taste for the cares of State. Hence her rival became the chief power in the Empire, and her force of character soon made itself felt. She dismissed the Council of Regency appointed "Under the will of the late Emperor, a*:d made her brother-in-law, Prince Kung, Prime Minister. None the less she held the reins of government firmly in her own gra'p. In process of time tlie Emperor Tung Chi reached Kis majority. Then one fine day the legitimate widow died, and very shortly afterwards the Emperor also died. Scarcely had the young monarch given np the ghost than the surviving Dowager declared that the child of one of her Bisters, married to the seventh Prince Chun by name, had been adopted by her l«te iiasb&nd;, and she accordingly proclaimed him Em peror. This was the present Emperor, Kwang- sii, then a hoy four years old. From 1875 to 1889 the Dowager Empress rale I China with great firmness and no little wisiom. Then. Ivwang-sn was declared of age, and was publicly endowed with the powers of government. K^rang-su nevertheless continued under tlie authority of hir> masterful aunt and for all practical purposes the power remained in her hands. After the disastrous war witli J.-ipn», however, Ivwang-su seems to have cotne to the conclusion that China needeci wholesale reforms, and, under the influence of a certain Kang Yu Wei, he issued on his own account a number of edicts which very mtu-li astonished the conservative Manderins. Tlie result, WAS Con]) il'ilat urganised hv the Dowager Emrain plaeed her pre? and .vliu-li once slt t head of a It air Since then the Kmp'-ror cypher and a prisoner. ONE OF THE " FIRST COM- MONERS." The new Speakei of I he N.S.'V. Assembly one nf the must lr.-ainv men in the co ' miv's political life. An Irishman by birth, he camwhen a meie chi d, and received l<> Australia his .in, of necessity, in his adopted Following a natural bent he became identified >vnh press work, heading to his founding in 1874 the e Scrutineer." In Mr itered the Legislative Asone of the members for Camich constituency he continued to t during the "life of the Parlia- After that h^ dropped out for imsinesj reasons preventing him 'pearing again as a candidate, ^87, when his old electorate was into two, Camdon and Bowral. he stood for the latter, and was returned. Since then he lias sat continuously, and the result of steady political application backed up by keenuess of intellect has led to him being considered one of the authorities on Australian politics, and among the very few constitutional lawyers we have. An evidence of tlii? opinion was given in 1SI14 when Mr M'Ooiirt was appointed Chairman of Committees, aud the best proof of the estimation in which he is held by his election to the high office of Speaker. e * * A PRETENDER TO THE ENGLISH THRONE. Were the Crown of England as hereditary as some people would make out it would rest on the head of the lady shown in the accompanying picture, and the gentleman, who is her husband, would of course be Consort. As it is the Crown is put on the head of whomsover Parliament likes, and, as at the time of Queen Anne's decease the Parliament did not like any of the remaining Stuarts, it was handed over to the representative of the House of Brimswick—Her Majesty Victoria. The originals of the accompanying sketch are Prince Louis of Bavaria and Princess Maiia Theresa, and the latter is the Stuart Queen of England to-day. I bus Her Majesty Queen Victoria inherited the throne through the Hanoverian house to which she belongs, by descent from James the Second's daughter, but Princess Maria Theresa, who will somedav be Queen of Bavaria, claims from Henrietta Maria, daughter of Charles I. However. as said before, the Crown of England is not actually hereditary, but onlv nominally so. as Parliament has always maintained that no King or Queen is monarch de facto till crowned by assent of the two lower estates itself. Thus it was able to brush aside the • laiins of the Earl of March aud to afterwards acknowledge them, to depose Charles 1, snd then to execute him, to put James II to the right about and bring over William and Mary, and to pass the Stuarts over once and for efer on the death of Anne by accepting tlie Elector of Hanover. For this reason, despite the Act of Settlement etc., there is no Crown Prince in England as is the case elsewhere, only an Apparent Heir, and after him a Presumable Heir. THE LATE BISHOP OF LIVERPOOL THE DOWAGER EMPRESS OF CHINA. HON. WM. M'COURT. PRINCE LOUIS AND PRINCESS MARIA THERESA OF BAVARIA. 