THE RiUBY SWORII. ' (By BERTRAM MITFORD1.) OIIAPTI?IR $X.-(Continued.) "Fine air, too," went on Colonel ,Jer myn. "After the awful heat of some of tlhose plain stations you can appre ciate it, I can tell you. But I1 dareesay, you got a taste of that on your way lip?" "Rather. Coming through Sindhti, for instance, if you leaned back sud denly in the train against the back of the seat, it. was like leaning against a lot of fizzling Vesuvian hbeads." "Ah, preickly heat. We know what that is down below-don't we, Up word?" Biunt. the reply was lost in the soft rustle of draperies, and a softer voice: "'low do you do, Mr. Upward?" As the three rose, it needed not the formal introduetion. The colonel's words seemed to sound from far away in C?lnmpiani's ears. "My niece-Miss Wymer." The first utteransce had been enough for Canpian. 'thyre was no other such voice in tihe world. And as he stood there, exchanging the formal hand-clasp of ordinary everyday greet ing wilth V\'ivien W\ymer, small wonder that his self possession shlould tbe shaken to the core. For, five years earlier, these two had parted-in an ger' and bitterness on the side of one, a whole world of heart-consuming love on that of both. They had parted, ugreeoing to be strangers thencefor ward, and had been so, nor had they set eyes on each olther' since. Now, by the merest of chances, and totally niprepared, they met again amids the craggy mountain ranges of wild Bflu clhistan. "Wsie were talking about the prickly heat, Vivien," went. on the Colonel. "Mr. Campian says it was like leaning against burning match-hleads coming up in the train-he, ha1! You look a trifle below par even now," turning to Camnpian. "Won't you have a 'peg'? Upwardt, excuse me-what a forgetful ass I am. So seldom I see anyone up here I'm forgetting my manners. After your long, hot ride, too!" "Not feeling fit to-day. A new climate sonetines does knock inc out at first," replied Canmpian mendacious ly, lie being both by constitution and practice as hard as nails, IHe was savage with himself for losing his self possession, even for a moment. "No lack of tlat article ot1 the other side, altyway," lie thought bitterly. Outwardly there was not. Vivien Wytiser's manner in greeting him, had been so perfectly free and uncon cerned that not one in ten lthousand wo0d1 have dreamed she ls1sl ever set eyes on him before. Nor, as sihe sat ithere talking to Upward, could the keenest ear have detected ia tlrace of flutrry in her soft-voiced, flowing tones; and what ear could be keener than that of the man who salt there, straining to catch every word-every tone-while endeavouring to avoid re llying at randoinl to tlhe conversattion of his host. "That'll pick you up," said the lat ter, as the bearer appeared with a tray containing very tall tumblers and s bottle and syphons. "Nothing like a 'peg' ofter a hot ride. We can't get ice uip here, but I always have the stui?t kept in a cooler. Mix for your self." "Yos muast come down to our camp for a dsay or two, liss Wymer," Up ward was saying. "You'll come, too, won't you, Colonel? There iare still some birds left. It's rotten shooting,. but all there is here." Thereupon the conversation turined on shikar in general, and tiger in par tieular, and Caumpian felt relieved, for now he could drop out of it. Five years ago it was that he and \\-Yivienu 1had parted-yes, exactly live years and now, as lie sat watching her, it seemed as though but five dlays had passed over her, for all the change they had brought-outtws?rdly, at any rate, All was the same-the poise of the head-even the arrangement of the rippling waves of soft dark hair had undergone but slight alteration; the quick lifting of the eyelids, the glance, straight and full, of the heavi ly fringed eyes. Yet, if taken fea ture by feature, Vihien Wytler coutld int have been sumiied utp as bdauti ful. Was it, as certain grace of move nieit inseparsable fronm a perfect syim maetry of form-iani irresistible, sen souous atti'raetiveness side by side withll a rire refinentent-ttllt. would have set her on the highest pinnacle, while other womlen, beautiful as it dream, would have been passed by un noticed? He could not say. fle only knew that. she had appealed to htim as no other wonlllU had ever done hbefore or since; that the possession of hLr would till every phlysical and nut1ntal want--we desie to emphasise the latter phrase, in that it was a question of no wild whtvlirlwind of itn futuated passion. She 1had driawn out in him-as regiarded herself, at any rate-iall that wits best 1haud ever been the means of implantintg within him qualities wholly beneficial, and whieh he would" have repudiated all caipacity of entertaining. In her he had 'reeognised his dlestined counsster part. He migth live a thousand yeas's and never again meet with such, lie was no longer youutg. tte had known varied and eventful experiences, in chiding a sinister oustrimoni-l one, mercifully for hinself, conpsuiit'aively short. hut Viviein Wytuer hald boees the one love of his life, and tie same held good of him is regarded herself, yet they met again now as strangers. One lthing, he eedided. They were to keep tsp the role. Since slie wished it-aand evidently she did wish it-he would offer no enligshtenment. "is your friend keen on sport Up wierd?" the Colonel wss saying. "You ought to take himt to try for a mark Jlor." "Don't know thit I cire uhich for sport in that form," cut in Campiun. "it represents endless bother and clambering; all for the sake of one shot, and that fa likely as not a miss. The knowledge that it is going to be your one and only chance is bound to maCke you shoot nervous. Now, I like letting offl' the gun a great deal, not once only. "Yes, it means a lot of hard work. Well, you've coime to the wrong coun try for sport." "Iy thle way, colonel," said Upward, "mty head forester points out a cave on the waiy here, where they say there's always a markhlor. It doesn't seem diflicult to get at. I don't believe in it myself, beeause there's a legend at ltachked." And thereupon he went into the whole story. Vivien was listening with deepening interest. "I should like to see that place," she said. "Anything to do with tilhe legends of the people aind country is always interesting. Could we not ar range to go and explore it? You say it is easy to get- at?" "I think so" answered Upward. "We might inmaike a picnic of it. Two fellows from Shalalai who joined' eanlp wil Ith me are cominig baclk to iitorrow or the next day, and we miight all go together. Wha- do you say, colonel ?" "Oh, 1 don't mind. Getting rather old for clambering though Conime along in to tittlin; that's the secotnd 'lt ougliout that repast, Vivien ad dressed lmost of her conversation to Upwsard. Camnpian, however, who hail pulled himself together effectu ally by now, was observing her keenly. Whien site did have occasioni to answer some remarkli of his, it was as though she was talkinig to a perfect stranger. tBeheld that morning for the first time. Very good. If that were the line she dlesired to keep to, not, in him twas it to eneroacth upon it. iHe had his share of pride, likewise of vindictiveness, and some of the aggrieved bitterness of their parting was upon him now. lut lie remembered also that the orna mental sex are .consummate actors. antd felt savage with hiniself for hav ing let down his own guard. And this intmussivecness lie kclept up t.hroughouti the ordeal of again saying good-bye." "Well, and what did you think of Colonel Jermyn. Mr; Campian?" lueried Mrs. Upward, wlihen tihey were seated at. dinner thaLt evening. Thel towo men had returned late. having fallen in with more ehikor on the way. and she had had no opportunity of eateehising hiln before. "He seems it plesantit sort of mant," returned Campian. "There was some scheme of cutting thlem into a kind of exploration picnic, wasn't lthere, Up ward?" lie went on, with the idea of diverting an inevitable cross-examina tion. "'lhnm! You saw the niece, then?" rapped out 1Iazel. What did you think of her? "Think? Why, that you are a shocking little libellist, lIazel, remem bering your prohoutncement." "It wasn't me who said she was too black; it was Lily." "lie's nmushed too," crowed that young person, grinnilng from ear to eatr. "Why 'too,' Lilian? Is the name of those iii that hapless plight legion?" "Rather. You haven't a ghost of a show. Down at Baghtnagar she bad three regiments at her feet. But shte wouldn't have anything to say to any of them." "That looks as if one had a ghost of a show, Lil,"' replied Campian, stjreely bantering. In reality, Ihe had I.wo objects to serve-lone to cover the situation from all eyes, the other, hap ly to extract from the chatter of tlfis hapless child anythling that might throw light on Vivien's life since they parted. "Pff! not you," camne the reply, short and sharp. "There was one once. She chucked him. No show for anybody now." "What a little scandalmongeir it is," said Canmrpian, going off into a shout of laughter, le had to do it, if only to relieve hil's feelings. The infornmn lion thus tersely rapped out by Lily, and wlich drew ilown upon the head of that young person a ntild maternal rebuke for slanginess, had sent his mind up at the rebound. "Wlhere did sle get hold of that for a yarn, Mrs. Uspward ?" "Goodness knows. Things leak out. Ieven children like that get hold Of them in this country;" whereupon Lily stitifed scornIfully, and Hazel fired off a derisive cackle. "Do you think her good 'looking, Mr. Citmpian?" "DIecidedlly; and tluroughbred at every point." The lunmour of the situation cantme honme to the speaker. 'Here he was, called upon to give a verdict offhand as to the one woman Iwho for years haid filled all his tIhoiughts, who still before that dlay to wit--had occupied a. large portion of thlem, and he did o nas sercnel3y and unconeernedly as though he had never beheld her be fore thint day. "Whiry did she chuck te other fellow?" lie went on, moved by an irresistible impulse to keep them to the subject. "IHe turned out a rip, I believe," struck in U1pward. "Lifted his elbows too tmuch, most likely. A lot of fel lows out here do." "You've got it all wrong, Ernest," said his wife. "You really shoulfln't spread esuch stories. It was for no thing of the sort, but for faimily rea sons, I believe; and the man w'.s all right. Andl it wasn't out here either." "Oh, well, I don't know anyithing about it, and I'll be luhanged if I care," laughed Upwcr'd. "I asked thlem to eminle down here for aI few days soon, and they said they swotld. Then you can get it out of her yourself." CHAPTE1t X. THE MAIiKHOR CAVE. "There is a large section of our fel low subjects that votes Alpine climb ing the most incomprehensible form of lunacy known to science, on the ground that to spend half one's life, and putting the whole of'it in pawn, scrambling up rocks and ice and snow, for the sake of .getting to the top of ,nme pinnacle which a hundred people have already got to, and thousands more eventually will, is to place one's, :elf beyond the pale of ordinary intel ligence. But I wonder what such woud say of a lieing of mature age, and laying claim to the possession of ordinary intelligence, who skiph up in' the middle of the night, and under the guidance of lhe Asiatic whom he can't understand, etnd who can't understand him, spends severnl hours crawling over boulders and along blood curdling parectpiccs, on the off-chance .of oe shsot-and the certainty of a miss--at an infernal will goat, which is of no earthly use to you when you get him, except. to stick up Iis head and brag about it, over after. The Alp-climber would have to cede to him the proud distinction of prize imbecile, I guess." Thus mused Camnpian, as, following in the wake of l;halhl TIhan, he worm ed hii?isclf warily around an elbow of rock, Iet iveen which and space, was a foothold just twenty inches as to width, and precarious as to stability, lie bearing in mind the while two con sideration-firstly, the desirability of refraining from dislodgilng so much as a pebble; secondly, the necessity of refraining from dislodging himself. The first grey of the early dawn was just breaking upon the mountain world, and here hlie was spread-eagled against a el"1' of dizzy height and well nigh perpendicular formation; raked by a piercing wind. and wondering whether lihe shouTd eventually get off it by the ordinary tedious process of slowi and iure progression or by the rapid one of a false step-leading to pulverisalion. As to one considera tion. however, he lalboured under no rnmbiguity of m:ind. Nothing on earth should induce hinm to return by the way lie had come. even if it must, needs take a week to go round by some safer way. In due course however, the situation imln'oved. The rock face grew less perpendicular, the path wider, and finally they found themselves in a sleep gully. Iere the old I'athan, pointing upward began signalling vehcmently, the gist of which Campinn took to be that lie must proceed more noiselessly than ever, an7t that the ridge above beinggained, they would find markhor. A clamber of a hundred feet-one elbble dislodged with a clatter, bring ing his heart to his mouth, and a re proacliful glance from Bhallu Tha.n and they were cowering behind the top of the ridge. Campian. wanted a few moments to steady himself after their long. lard olimnl. IIe could not shoot straight in a state of breath essneles lie declared. It was quite light up here now, but the sun haid not risen above the castern mountain-tops. As they peered over the ridge, the valley be neath still lay in the grey half-dawn. BIut between it and their point of van taige. on the' roek-strewn slopes be neath, somellthing was moving, and it needed not the touch oni the arm from the old Patlhan and the barely articulated whisper to set Campian's nerres tingling. lie had already taken the rifle from tlhe forester so as to be in readiness. "Xlarihor," lie whispered. Bhallna Khan nodded. A solitary ram, with flue horns, was browsing un concernedly. There was no getting any nearer. Campian set the sight at four hundred yards. Then resting the rifle upon the rock in front of him, ihe took a steady ailm and drew trigger. The roa-r of the piece among the echoing stillness of the oraggy soli tudes was like a peal of thunder. The mnarkhor gave one wild bound into the air, and a thrill of exultation went through the shooter. lunt the disap pointed headshalke of 1lhalin Khan would promptly have undeceived him. rcen had not the quarry taken to its heels and gone bounding down the slope at a flying gallop. IHe let go a couple more shots from the magazine, but wider than the first. Then he threw up the rifle in mingled disgust and resignation, the markhor now being a mere bounding and very badly frightened speck. "No good!" lie exclaimed. Can't do anything with certainty over - two hundred yards. and that brute was nearer five tilan foure. Well, I didn't expect to, so am not disappointed, and it doesn't really matter a little damn." The only word of this reflection understood by 1Bhallu TIhan being the last, lie smiled, and proceeded to ex patiate in Itindusiani, profusely illus trating his hlarangue with signs. But of this, for his part, Campian under stood not even the last word. Ile cared the less for his failure to Iring dovwn the game in that this had not been his primary object. The pretext of sport had been a pretext only. .Te wanted to explore the mark hor cave, anid that quietly and by him self, wherefore, when a couple of days after their visit to Jermyn he had suggested to Upward a markhor stalk. the latter, remenlbering his expressed views on the subject of hard toil inad quateJy rewarded, had erineed con siderable sum-prise, but excused himself from joining oni that very ground. which was exactly what Camupian had expected. Now they were no great distance above thal.t cavre, and he soon signalled ]ihallu Kihan his desire to proceed thither. Somewhnat to'his surprise, re nmembering -the superstition attached, the qld P'atlmni cheerfully acquiesced, and a downhill climb of about, three quarters of an hour brought tihem to a piosition commiandiidg its eitraiice. Sigining him to remiain there and wateh, thel forester crawled round to the rock above thile gaping black fs sure. where by dint of malking a con siderable noise, and ratitling down shlowers of stopes, hlie hoped to drive forth its inmate. h3ut there camh forth nothing. (To be continued.) 