Pars in Parliament. Duo to 'the drought, or drouth; was Mr, Kates s motion _ pressing tho necessity for inquiry concerning the conservation of water which fallafrom above and the search in tr for and the conservation of tho water stored below, together with irrigation, tho correla tive of both in cortain relations. In the years of average rainfall tho matter Is' compara tively forgotten, but when rainless years come upon ns, and our herds andflooksarostrioken, then do wo turn with saddened face to tho question of conservation of water. We thon wish to work at tho business at tip-top speed. "Comparatively forgotten" is the saving Elireso used abovo, for tho forgetting has not eon absolute. Again and again the matter bos been mentioned in the " speech from the throne," und our geologioal exports have examined largo portions of tho surface of Queensland in order to indloato areas where underground reservoirs of water might ho expeotod to be found: Mr. Kates made good points in his plead ing that the subject should reeeivo the serious attention of the country. Ho showod what had been done in other countries and in somo parte of our own, making special rdferenao to what hud been accomplished by tho Bottlers on the Alieo River co-oporotivo settlement near Barcaldino. Somo will re member the formation of that settlement at tho time of the shearers' strike. A fow, perhaps 26 or 36, buBh workers went into industrial retreat on the banks of the Alico, and est themselves to grow vegetables for the people at Barcaldino. Secessions have redueed the original settlers to about half a dozen, and these by aid of irrigation are kcoping themselves iu fair oomfort— this by the way, and illustrative. Tho discussion started two or threo points of some approach to tho humorous. Perhaps it would bo scarcely wise so to dosiguato tho referenoe by ono of the members to possibili ties or say the probabilities of our being able some day or other to bring about the precipi tation of rain by means of conoassion, say by the firing of cannon, or the like. The refer ence revived the recollection of the experiments carried out by that ardent scientist Professor Pepper, a dozen or more yours ago. While it cannot ho eaid that tho professor gained so macli famo by his attempt to concuss tho clouds, as he did by his ghost, by tho latter bis memory is green. The former is remembered with slight satisfaction. And yet the future may bido within it the realisation of this dream of forcing the olouds to givo up their aqueous burden. In this connection reminder may be made of Mr. Story's suggestion of possible legal difficulties which might arise out of the suc cessful exercise of tho concussing power. Suppose A batters tho olouds with liquid air, or some other explosive, and that in response thoy part with rain ; but sup pose farther that the cloud, oblivious of the surveyor's imaginary lines of demarcation between tho property of B and that of A, doposits its rain on the pro perty of B and not on that of A, what is A's position? Can lie invado B's property in pursuit of tho rain ; or, failing that, can ho cluiin reimbursement of expenses? The Hnuse did not attempt to solve the forensic conundrum. Then, Mr. W. Hamilton fell upon tho favourite "gag" about this conser vation of water idea as one of the planks of tho labour platform. Why, it had been a plank of tho nationnl platform a century, more or less, before the labour party or any of its several platforms were dreamed of. Mr. Kutcs's motion was passed on the voices, and thereupon, at 5.35, Mr. Fisher in judiciously raised a point respecting tho pro cedure of tho chair in couneotiou with one of tho four suspensions which on Monday inflicted snoh sad disgrace on the subjects of the operation. When dealing with the dis orderly sqieech nnd notion of the member for Mitohell, a division was called for, when the motion for suspension was put. But as thero . wero only two Opposition members iu tho House — tho rest having withdrawn with somo of tliaj: display of stage play so much loved by some, Mr. Speaker said tho call for a division was frivolous, nnd declared tho motion carried in tho affirmative. Mr. Fisher moved that the Speaker's procedure was irregulnr. Tho Obiof Secretory spolto strongly and keenly on the revival of the snhjeot. After tea, matters were more lively. Before tea tho quietness made for somuolenoy ; after tea, vigilant wakefulness was the only possible state of being. The subject was the very old proposal for a border line from War- wiok towards Goondiwindi, about 24 miles. Mr.Mtirruy'sadvocuoyofthorc8olutionwu8not ardent. He seemed to be oppressed with a fear of opposition to the proposal, and that fenr seemed to trouble him. It must not be supposed that the Minister worked for a tumble ; it was not so, but, as everybody knows, nrdonr has msny variations. The ex-leader of the labour Opposition, who apparently was in charge, took up the story as from tho standpoint of the opponents. The feature of the discussion was the speech of Mr. Morgan, who, ae the House was in committee, was enjoying a night out — of the chair. The appearance of the lion, member on the floor of tho House provoked jocular, refcrenco to tho facilities which tho chungo of position would afford for tho application of the closure. Tho rcoital of tho history of the attempts to get tho line now desired and so strongly advocated by Mr. Morgan was clear and effective. There was that bistorio ten million loan— using round figures ; in the tabulated list of works proposed to bo done out of that loan appeared a railway from Warwick towurds St. Goorge, £256,906. Then, in 1800 and in 1887 'the matter was before Parliament, and none who remember tho Assembly of that time can need reminding of the earncstnesH with whioh the prcsont member for Cunningham, Mr. Kates, advooatcd what was then called the Thane's Creek railway. A passing declaration was made by Mr. Morgan that tho proposal to start this lino from Warwick did not move him to his earnest advoonoy of its construction. Tho faot that Yeulba, Dalby, Pittswortb, and Roma all claimed to bo tho best starting point, was one which did not trouble him. He apuroaolied tho question as a Qneenslandcr who desired to conserve tho trade of Queensland for Queens land itself. Ho was made the more earnest in this dosire by the recollection that tho New South Wales people aro making stupen dous efforts to tako that trade to Sydney. Aotion towards that conservation of our trade was urgent 16 yours ago ; it was more urgent now. "The Warwick rente is best," asserted Mr. Morgan with vigour. True, the com missioner had reported adversely on that route, or at any rate with dumning reserva tions. But in hie, Mr. Morgan's, opinion > arguments against the route had been magnified by him, whilo argumouts in its ; favour had been grudgingly given. Ho drew vivid pictures of tho difficulties whioh would : attend tho construction and the working of . tho line if started from other points. Miles of construction there must bo over country ; liable to flood, and whioh would therefore need many flood oponings with steel girder 1 spnns. Then as to settlement, bo could take : members along tho proposed course and would 1 show them twenty miles of unhrokon wheat fields. His speech was a oloar and inoisive piece of advooaoy of the rente now proposed. ' If wo pass this line we should he committed j to its extension to Goondiwindi, and thenca " to St. George, and ultimately tho via roota, i argued Mr. Boll. Of that line, by the way, tho country rang a dozen yeurs Bgo, but j soarcely a.whisper is heard of it nowadays. . Ho hold that no Ministry would dare now to 1 ndvooate straight the buildingof the via reota, . and yet if tho lino now proposed ho built we i shall, be committed to it. This lino is a " Brisbano merohants' line," " a middle man's line." It is trade to Brisbano whioh. j is the prinoipal principle whioh operates in r tho present proposal. Mr. Groom's contribution was a quiet i ndvocaoy of ono sido of tho triangalnr i struggle, Dalby and its noighbour towns being a second and Warwlok a third party. : Mr; Foxton, through whose electorate too ! proposed lino will run, spoke vigorously and ' in his best stylo In advooaoy of tho line as proposed. Some iiiterjeotion indicative of , impatience came from tho labour benohes. Mr. Foxton insisted that his connection with I tho country interested warranted his aotion, i and "if the lion, member did not enjoy the speeoh bo hud a very roudy remedy— ho could go outside and refresh himself else where." Whereupon poaoo onsuod. At length that and two other proposals wore passed. 