OH THE LEAPS; A GHOST STORY. By S. BARING-GOULD Author of "Mchalah," "John Herring," Etc.) Having realised a competence in Aus tralia, and having a hankering after country life for the remainder of my days in the old home, on my return to Eng land I went to an agent with the object of renting a house with shooting attached, over at least three thousand acres, with the option of a purchase should the place suit me. X was no more intending to buy a country seat without having tried what it was like, than is a king disposed to go lo war without knowing something of the force that can be brought against him. I was rather taken with photographs of a manor called Fern wood, and I wasteful further engaged when I saw the pjac'itv self on a beautiful October day, Wfyehgl. Luke's summer was turning ih £tuimtiy . Into a world of rainbow tintd war m sun, and a soft vaporous jblwhaiBe tinted all shadows cobalt, and gaye- to the. hills a stateliness that made thhiii ilbok like mountains. Fern wood was ah'ekF house, built in the shape of the letter H, and therefore, presumably, dating from the time of tlie early Tudor monarchs. The porch opened into the hail which was on the left of the cross stroke, and the drawing-room was on the right. There was one inconvenience about the house; it had a staircase at each extremity of the cross stroke, and there was no upstair communication between the two wings of the mansion. But as a practical man, I saw how this might be remedied. The iront aoer taeea tne souui, auu uie nan was windowless on the north. Nothing easier than to run a corridor along at the back, giving communication both up stairs and downstairs, without passing through the hall. The whole thing could, be done for, at the outside, two hundred j pounds, and would be no disfigurement to \ the place. I agreed to become tenant of Fernwood for a twelvemonth, in which time I should be able to judge whether j the place would suit me, the neighbors j be pleasant, and the climate agree with my wife. We went down lo Fernwood at once, and setlled ourselves comfort ably in by the first week in November. The house was furnished, it was the property of an elderly gentleman named F.-amett, who lived in rooms in town, and spent most of his time at the club. He was supposed to have been jilted by his intended, after which he eschewed female society, and remained unmarried. . I called on him before taking up our residence ax vernwooa, ana touna mm a somewhat blase, languid, cold-blooded creature, not at all proud of having a noble manor house that had belonged to his family for four centuries; very willing to sell it, so as to spite a cousin who cal culated on coming in for the estate, and whom Mr Framett, with the malignity . that is sometimes found in old people, vas particularly desirous of disappointi ng. "The house has been let before, I sup- nse?" said L "Oh, yes," he replied indifferently, "I flieve so; several times," "For long?" "No— o. I believe, not for long." "Have the tenants had any particular 'asons for not remaining on there — if I ay be so bold as to enquire?" "All people have reasons to offer, but hat they offer you are not supposed to rneive as genuine." I could get no more from him than this. "I think, sir, if I were you, I would not go down to Fernwood till after Novem ber was out." "But," said I, "I want the shooting." ! j "Ah, to be sure—the shooting- ah! I 'should have preferred if you could have' waited till December ibegan." "That would not suit me," I said, and so the matter ended. When we were settled in, we occupied the right wing of the house. The left, or west wing was but scantily furnished, and looked cheerless, as though rarely tenanted. We were not a large family, my wife and myself alone ; there was con sequently ample accommodation in the east wing for us. The servants were placed above the kitchen, in a portion of the house I have not yet described. It was a halt wing, if I may so describe it, built on the north side parallel with the upper arm of the western limb of the hall, and the H. This block had a gable to the north like the wings, and a broad lead valley was between them, that, as I learned from the agent, had to be at tended to after the fall of die leaf, and In times of snow, to clear it. Access to this valley could be had . from within, by means of a little window In the roof, formed as a dormer. A short ladder allowed anyone to ascend from the passage to this window and open or shut it. The western staircase gave access to this passage, from which the servants' rooms in the new block were reached, as also the untenanted apartments in the old wing. And as there were no win dows hi the extremities of this passage that run due north and south, It derived all its light from the afore-mentioned dormer window. One night, after we had been In the house about a week, I was sitting up cifiuKiug iviin a ii cue wnisny anu waiti at my elbow, reading a review of an ab surd, ignorantly written book on New South Wales, when I beard a tap at the door, and the parlor maid came in, and said in a nervous tone of voice: "Beg your pardon, sir, but cook nor I, nor none of us dare go to bed." "Why not?" I asked, looking up in sur prise. "Please, sir, we dursn't go into the passage to get to our rooms." "Whatever is the matter with the pass age?" "Oh, nothing, sir. with the passage. Would you mind, sir, ju6t coming to see? We don't know what to make of it." I put down my Review with a grunt of dissatisfaction, laid my pipe aside, and followed the maid. She ied me through the hall, and up the staircase at the western extremity. On reaching the upper landing I saw all the maids there in a cluster, and all evidently much scared. "Whatever is all this nonsense about?" I asked. "Please, sir, will you look? We can't say." The parlormaid pointed to an oblong patch of moonlight on the wall of the passage. The night was cloudless, and tiie full moon shone slanting in through armor, and painted a brilliant sil- the wall opposite. The win- tSow'h'etnV oh the side of the roof to the east,.yare 'icouid not see that, 'but did see tHYight fhY&wn; through it against the i.wa.11. This/patch of reflected light was about; seh feet above the floor. .. Thejjyfhdow itself was some ten feet 'ujiinid the passage was hut four feet "t?lde. T enter into these particulars for reasons that will presently appear. The window was divided into three parts by wooden mull ioris. and was com posed of four panes of glass in each compartment. Now I'could distinctly see the reflection of the moon through the window with the black bars up and down, and the divi sion of the panes. But I saw more than that, I saw the shadow of a lean arm with a hand and thin lengthy fingers across a portion of the window, ap- parently groping at wnere was tne la'cn by which the casement could be opened. My impression at the moment was that there was a burglar on the leads, 1 tryine to enter the house by means of this dormer, j Without a minute's hesitation I ran ' Into the passage and looked up at the window, but could see only a portion of it, as in shape It was low. though broad, j and. as already stated, was set at a ! great height. But at that moment some thing flut'ored nast it. like a rush of flapping draneries. obscuring the Vght. T hod placed the ladder, which T found hooked un to the wall, in position, and planted rpv foot on the lowest rung, when my wife arriv-pd. She had ben alarmed bv h housemaid and now she clung to me and nrntst"d +hat T was not to ascend without- mv nistol. To satisfy her, T got my Colt's revolver that I always kept loaded, and then, but only lieblLaiiligiyt UIU «ajc auun w , mount. I ascended to ttie casement, i unhasped it, and looked out. I i could see nothing. The ladder was over short, and it required an effort to heave oneself from it, through the casement on to the leads. I am stout, and not as nimble as I was when younger. After one or two efforts, and after presenting from below an appear ance that would have provoked laughter at any other time, I succeeded in getting through and upon the leads. I looked up and down the valley— there was absolutely nothing to be seen except an accumulation of leaves carried there from the trees that were shed ding their foliage. The situation was vastly puzzling. As far as I could judge there was no way off the roof, no other window opening into the valley; I did not go along upon the leads, as it was night.and the moon light is treacherous. Moreover, I was wholly unacquainted with the arrange ments of the roof, and had no wish to risk a fall. I descended from the -window with my feet groping for the upper rung of the ladder in a manner even more grotesque than my ascent through the casement,- but neither my wife— usually extremely alive to anything ridiculous in my ap pearance — nor the domestics were in a mood to make merry. I fastened the window after me. and had hardly reach ed the bottom of the ladder before again a shadow flickered across the patch of moonlight. I was fairly perplexed. and stood mus ing. Tnen I recalled that immediately behind the house the ground rose; that, in fact, the house lay under a consider able hill. It was just possible by as cending the slope to reach the level of the gutter 'and rake the leads from one extremity to the other with my eye. I mentioned this to my wife, and at once the whole set of maids trailed down the stairs after us. They were afraid to remain in the passage, and they were curious to see if there really were some person on the leads. We went out at the back of the house, and ascended the bank till we were on a level with the broad gutter between the gables. I' now saw that this gutter did not run through, but stopped against the hall roof; consequently, unless there were some opening of which I knew nothing, the person on the leads could not leave the place, save by a dormer window, when open, or by swarming down the fall pipe. It at once occurred to me that if what I had seen were the shadow of a burgiar, he might have mounted by means of the rain water pipe. But if so— how had he vanished the moment my head was pro truded through the window? and how was it that I had seen the shadow flicker past the light immediately after I had descended the ladder? It was conceiv able that the man had concelaed him self in the shadow of the hal! roof, and had taken advantage of my withdrawal to run past the window so as to reach 1 the fall pipe, and let himself down by that. I could, however, see no one running away, as I must have done,, going out side so soon after his supposed descent. But the whole affair became more per plexing when, looking towards the leads, I saw in the moonlight something with fluttering garments running up and down them. There could be no mistake — the object was a woman, and her garments were mere tatters. TVe could not hear a sound. I looked round at my wife and the ! servants — they saw this weird object ; as distinctly as myself It was more ' like a gigantic bat than a human being, and yet that it was a woman we could not doubt, for the arms were now and then thrown above the head in wild gesticulation, and at moments a profile was presented, and then we saw, or thought we saw, long, flapping hair, un bound. "'I must go back to the ladder," said I; "you remain where you are, watching." "Oh, Edward! not alone," pleaded my wife. "My dear, who is to go with me?" I went. I had left the back door un locked, and I ascended -the staircase and entered the passage. Again I saw the shadow flicker past the moonlit patch on the wall opposite the window. 1 ascended the ladder and opened the casement. Then I heard the clock in the hall strike one. 2 heaved myself up to -the sill with great labor, and endeavored to thrust my short body through She window. when I heard feet on the stairs, and next moment, my wife's voice from be low, at the .foot of the ladder. "Oh, -Ed-.- ward, Edward! please do not go out there again. It has vanished. A11 at once.- There is nothing there now to be seen." I returned, touched the ladder tenta tively with my feet, refastened the win dow and descended — perhaps inelegant-; ly. I then went down with my wife,- and with her returned up the bank to the spot where stood clustered our ser vants. They had seen nothing further; and. although I remained on the spot watch ing for half an hour, I also saw nothing: more. The maids were too frightened to go to bed, and so agreed to sit up in the. kitchen for the rest of the night by a good fire, and I gave them a bottle of; sherry to mull, and make themselves; comfortable upon, and to help them to recover their courage. Although I went to bed, I could not sleep. I was completely baffljed by what I had seen. I could in no way ex plain what the object was and how it had left the leads, Next day I sent for the village mason and asked him to set a long ladder against the well head of the fall pipe, and examine the valley between the gables. At the same time I would' mount to the little window and contem plate proceedings through that. The man had to send for a ladder sufficiently long, and that occupied some time. However, at length he had it. planted, and then mounted. When he approached the dormer window— ! "Give me a hand," said I, "and haul me up. I would like to satisfy myself with my own eyes that there is no other I means of getting" upon or leaving the leads." He took me under both shoulders, ana ; heaved me out, and I stood with him in the broad lead gutter. "There's no other opening whatever," said he, "and Lord love you, sir, I be lieve that what you saw was no more than this," and he pointed to a branch of a noble cedar that grew hard by the west side of the house. "I warrant, sir," said he, "that what you saw was this here bough as has been carried by a storm and thrown here — and the wind last night swept it up and down the leads," "But was there any wind?" I asked. "I do not remember that there was." I can't say," said he; "before twelve o'clock I was fast asleep, and it might have blown a gale and I hear nothing of it." "I suppose there must have been some wind," said I, "and that I was too sur prised and— the women too frightend, to observe it,"- 1 laughed. "So this marvel lous spectral phenomenon receives a very prosaic and natural explanation. Mason, throw down the bough, and we will burn it to-night." The branch was cast over the ledge and fell at the back of -the house. 2 left the leads, descended, and going out, picked up the cedar branch, brought it into the hall, summoned the servants, and said, derisively — "Here is an illus tration of the way in which weak-mind ed women get scared. Now we will burn the burglar or ghost that we saw. It turns out to be nothing but this branch, blown up and down the leads by the wind." "But, Edward," said my wife, "there was not a breath stirring." t "There must have been, Only where we were we were sheltered, and did pot observe it Aloft, it blew across the roofs, and formed an eddy-that caught 1 the broken hough, lifted it, Carried it ' first one way, then spun ft round and carried it the reverse way. V In fact, the wind between the two roofs assumed a spiral movement.. 2 hope- now you are all satisfied. 2 am." So the bough was burnt, aud our fears — I mean those of the females, were al layed. In the evening, after dinner, as I sat with my wife, she said to .me, "Half a bottle would have been enough, Edward. Indeed, I think half a bottle was too much; you should not give the girls a liking for sherry, it may ..lead to bad re sults. If it had been elderberry , wine, that would have been different." "But there is no elderberry wine in the house," I objected. "Well, I hope no harm wiU come of it, but I greatly mistrust—" "Please, sir, it is there again." The parlor-maid with a blanched face was at the door. "Nonsense," said I, "we burnt it." "This comes of the sherry," observed my wife. "They will be seeing ghosts every night." "But, my dear, you saw it as well as myself!" I rose, my wife followed, and we went to the landing as before, and sure enough, against the patch of moonlight cast through the window in the roof, was the arm again, and then a 'flutter of shadows, as if cast by garments. "It was not the bough," said my wife. "If this had been seen immediately nfi-AM #-V» n t-B nretr T r\til d ttrtt Tl 5! VP dL lei lilC OUCll «wvv»«v« surprised, but — as it is now it is most extraordinary." "I'll have this part of the house shut up," said I. Then I bade the maids once more spend the night in the kitchen, "and make yourselves lively on tea," I said— for I knew my wife would not al low of another bottle of sherry being given them. "To-morrow, your beds shall be moved to the East wing. "Beg pardon." said the cook, "I speaks in the name of all. We don't think we can remain in the house, but must leave the situation." "That comes of the tea," said I to my wife. "Now," to the cook, "as you have had another fright— I will let you have a bottle of mulled port to-night." "Sir," said the cook, "if you can get rid of the ghost, we don't want to leave so good a master. We withdraw the no tice." Next day I had all the servants' goods transferred to the east wing, and rooms were fitted up for them to sleep in. As their portion of the house was completely cut off from the west wing, the alarm of the domestics died away. A heavy stormy vain came on next week, the first token of winter misery. I then found that — whether caused by the cedar bough, or by the nailed boots of the mason. I cannot say, but the lead of the valley between the roofs was torn, and water came in, streaming down the walls, and threatening to severely dam age the ceilings. I had to send for a plumber, as soon as the weather mended. At the same time I started Yor town to see Mr Framett. I had made up my mind that Fernwood was not suitable, and by the terms of my agreement I might be off my bargain If I gave notice the first month, and then my tenancy wold be for six months only. I found the squire at his club. "Ah!" said he, "I told you not to go there in November. No one likes Fern wood in November; it is all right at other times." "What do you mean?" "There is no bother except in Novem ber." "Whv should fhoro ho hrvt'nor ns vmi term it, then?", Mr Fisamett shrugged his shoulders- "How the deuce can I tell you? I've never been a spirit and all that sort of thing. Mme. Blavateky might possibly tell you. I can't. But it is a fact." "What Is a fact?" "Why, that there is no apparition at any other time. It is only in November, when she met with a little misfortune. That is when she is seen." "Who is seen?" "My Aunt Eliza— I mean my great aunt." "You speak of mysteries." "I don't know much about it, and care lees," said Mr Framett, and called for a lemon squash. "It was this. I had a great aunt who was deranged. The family kept it quiet, and did not send her to an asylum, but fastened her in a room in the west wing. You see, that part of fVl A It nil C>a 1 TM1 1 Alt A V\ A in J £UA,U S.U-C lULiLIi iiLCU LI UILi LUtt rest. I believe she was rather shabbily treated, but she was difficult to manage, and tore her clothes to pieces. Some how she succeeded in getting out on the roof, and would race up and down there. They allowed her to do so, as by that -means she obtained fresh air. But one night in November she scrambled up there, and, I believe, tumbled over. It was hushed up. Sorry you went there in November. I should have liked you to buy the place. I am sick of it." I did buy Fernwood. What decided me was this: The plumbers, in mending the leads, with that ingenuity to do mischief which they sometimes display, succeeded in setting fire to the roof, and the result was that the west wing; was burnt down. Happily, a wall so completely separated the wing from the rest of the house, that the fire was arrested. The wing was not re-built, and I— thinking, with the disap pearance of the leads, that I should be freed from the apparition that -haunted them — purchased Fernwood. I am happy to say we have been undisturbed sinca "I SAW THE SHADOW OF A LEAN ARM A ND HAND ACROSS A PORTION OF THE WINDOW." 