The trtfllowlii appeareij In our Second Edition yesterday. Music and Drama. Mr. and Mrs. Brough hud members of their clever company opened at the Royai. Sydney, on April 2 with "The Happy Life," a piecu already highly spoken of. >Moiidel6sohn'u oratorio wu9 givou in St. Paul's Cathedral on the festival of tho patron suint; There were 250 choristers and 50 instrumentalist'. Mr. Samuel" Johnson, for 20 years an esteemed member of Sir Henry Irving's company, bus just passed away. Ho was 69 years of age: Born in Ayrshire, lio was the son of a woll kuowu actor and manager of a circuit of theatres in the west of Scotland. Among plays that have quickly succumbed is Mr. Zungwill's drama, "Tho Children of tho Gkotto," which, after a weok's run, was withdrawn at tho Adolphi Theatre, Loudon. Tho company sailed for New York at once, a circumstance which, it appears, provoked from the author, who can he .witty even at his own expense, tho humorous comment, " Small profits and quick returns." Mr. W. S. Gilbert is said to bo a martinet nt rehearsals, and it is u treat fo see him in structing tho bullet how to execute the steps of the dances. During tlie rehearsals of the last Gilbert and Sullivan production, oue of the principals who had not previously inet Mr. Gilbert iu business remarked facetiously, " Why, Mr. Gilbert, I had no idea that you oould chmce." " No," returned tho dramat ist, " I am not often caught tripping." Countess Russell (says "Modern Society" of February 17) is oaco more coming before the public. Since her famous lawsuit she has acted in "A Pantomime Rehearsal," and ministered to tho suffering as a nurse. Now, after a brief provincial trial, she is to appear at somo Loudon music halls. Oue of her songs has been composed by her mother, Lady Scott, and h patriotic one, dealing with our volunteers, bus boon set to music by herself. Mr. Haddon Chambers's attractive corned', "Tho Tyranny ot Tours," may bo classed among the successes .of the year. Its pro duction murks, moreover, an undoubted forward movement ou the part of the author, who has gained greatly in simplicity alike of stylo and thought. Ab one moment (says the Leader) it .almost appeared as if melodrama had marked Mr. Chambers for its own. but his recent excursion into what, practically speaking, is to him a new region, clearly snows that his outlook upon life is less limited than was at first believed. Miss Nellie Stewart has relinquished her part in the Drmy Lane pantomime, and Miss Violet Cameron is now impersonating the hero "Jack." Tho London correspondent of the Amtmlmian, writing on February 9,. says: Miss Stewart lias hud three operations! performed ou her throat- with ndtnimhle re sults, and she ha« made a fino recovery ; hut it was felt that it would be unwise to resume work soon after so severe an illness, and the management relucransly took hor name from the bills, after having kept it there for weeks when she was not appearing. Mrs. Castles, mother of Miss Amy Castles, who has returned to Melbourne, says that when she left Paris hor daughter was in tho best of health and spirits, and was mastering the French language. Mi<s Castles sang before Madame Marches! and other musical experts, and they were highly delighted with tlie range and capabilities of her voice. Maduine Marchesi described is as "magnifi cent and perfect," and predicts a great future for hor pupil. It is expected that. Miss Casties's studies will occupy between 16 months and two years. When Mrs. Castles left (adds the. Melbourne Leader or March 31), her daughter had begun work. There was a piquant incident at tho close of a matinee performance given in aid of tho I'eomamy Kquipmeitt Fund at tho Lyric Theatre, Bath, ou February 2. Mrs. Brown- Potter, after reciting "The Absent-minded -Beggar," put up in auction a tambourine with which she had assisted iu collecting for the fund during tlm performance.' The bid ding for it having stopped at seventeen guineas, Mrs. Brown -Potter announced that fiiiw would kiss the buyer if the prieo reached twenty guineas. The offer was immediately availed of by Mr. Dhunjibhoy Bomaniji, a Parsee merchant. Ho briskly stepped upon tho stage, and Mrs. Urown-Potter. says our correspondent, "more than fulfilled her con tract." Lust year (saya the Australasian) the Loudon stugo was fairly prolific in disap pointments. Among these figure Mr. Henry Arthur Jones's "Carnac Sahib," Mr. Hall Caino's "The Christian," Mr. C. B. Fcr- nald's adaptation of "Tho Ghetto," Mr. I. Zungwill's drama "Tho Children of the Ghetto," "Tho "Black Tulip," "Man ami His Makers," by Mr. Wilson Barrett and Sir. Louis N. Parker, "'Chattgo Alley"; "A Repentance." by Sirs. Craigio — which, unfortunately, failed to fulfil tho promise con tained in her earlier picco, "Tho Ambas sador"— aud Sirs. Burnett Hodgson and Mr. Stephen Townshend's "A Lady of Quality." Miss Gertrude Warden, the popular actress and novelist, it is said bases the plots of her books on real incidents, tho principal persons being living beings. Tlio chief villain of a novel she is writing for a weekly paper she met ut a continental waleriug place. Tho story itself, which is entitled "A Syndi cate of Sinners," is based on facts, the hope less ruin caused -by a very noxious drug, the use of which is much resorted to by ladies in society, being vouched for by a medical specialist. Miss Warden makes a rule novel to write about a pluco which she has not seen with her own eyes. At 1G she was a governess, sliolias acted all over tho world, and living in hotels and on board ship lias beon ablo to study almost every sort of luunun type. Mr. Kyrle Bellow landod in Sydney from tho India (says the Sydney Mail of March 24), after a necessary tedious dctontion in quaran tine. Tho star actor, who came out hero in search of health, found it on the voyage. Mr. Bellow's presence lioro is indirectly duo to an attack of inffeuza whilst ho was appear ing as Olivier in " Robespiorrc," at tho Lyceum Theatre. Tlio coldness and uncer tainty of the climate prevented him from throwing off tho complaint by such heroic remedies as summer boating ou the Thames. In tho early winter a visit to tho Comedy Theatre, whore a wind that cut liko a knifo circulated tho stalls, caused a relapse,, from which the sufferbr nearly died. Incidentally it formed a sufficient excuse for Mr. Bellow's refusal to sign a 2 1 years' loase of tho Adelphi Theatre — a fortunate oirouiustunco in view of tho terrible theatrical "slump" whioh has followed tho war. Mr. Alfred Hill's new opera, "LudyDolly," to bo produced for the first timo upon any stage on March 3 1 at tho Fulacc Theatre, is the second of threo composed by him (says tho iS.J/. Herald). As is generally known, tho rights of his Maori opera, " Hinemou," have been purchased by Mr. J. C. Williamson. Tho libretto of "Lady Dolly," whioh is by Mrs. Marjorie Browne, will probably place tho work in tho romantic category. There is a bright American girl engaged to an Eng lish duke, stress is laid upon a ghost legend which greatly alarms tbo duko's sistor (Lady Dolly), and thoro is a lovo intrigue, in which the sinister iufiuonce of a Spanish mesmerist —whom we shall oxpeot to see in cloak of inky blaokucss and a nugo sombrero — tnukos itself felt. Tho libretto was writton for Mr. Hill ubout two years ago, and ho composed the musio in ono month. The biggest theatre in' Japan will hold 3,000 people. It is quito different from our theatres. It has no chairs, and the peoplo sit ou the fioor iu little square pens about 4 feet wide. There is usually a little box of charcoal in the middle of each pen for the light ing of their pipes, for smoking is allowed. Thoro are an immense pit und two.gallorios, aud tho walls in tho summer aro open, mid it is more liko au open- air concert hall tlmu a theatre. Tho stugo is made in tho shupo of an immense wheel, which is turned by man power atthechangobftbc scenes, and which moves ono sot of actors behind tho scenes and brings another beforo you. Of ten some of tbo uotoi's will walk among tho audience and play their parts thoro. Tho Japanese appreciate good acting. A strong niece of tragic acting will cause tho people to tear off parts of their clothing and throw them on to tho stage, expecting to redeem them with presents of money at tho end of tho play. There aro no ticket offices, all tickets boing sold at the toa houses near. The shoes uro all left outside in tho hall, and many of the audience have their meals sent iu, for often tho.company will play from 10 o'clock iu the mowing till 10 at uight. 