RICHARD BRICE, ADVENTUIRER. By OIIHABS. JUNOR, Aulthbor of " Dond foen's Talfe," &o.;, AC. [ALL mCITSO nES-eVED.] IIAPTER iV. BY AN EASTERN ISLE. PART ni.--A TACoKt TO INDWARD.D (Coltinued.) I BTEPED n into the canoe, and, after I had lain down in the bow to avoid the notice of any inquisitive early risers who might be afloat, Rune pushed off cautionesly, and crouching low over the gunwaleo commenoeod to paddle stealthily with long, firm strokes. Our oourso was shaped almost due east, and we headed for the jutting edge of the northern coast line of the bay promontory stretching dimly for about two miles from the river mouth in the sombre twilight like a lhuge black alligator resting upon the inky waters. The upper slopes of the deserted bush were veiled in shadowy obscurity as we skirted the shoro, about which thebo tide washed dismally ano it trickled drearily over the grey coral drift and through the loose sand betweeoon the spure of the leafy tangle wheore the dully- glowing embers of expiring camp-firos loomed with ghost-like eyes. The breeoozo, breathing in faint puffos from the east as we started, gathered strength asno we proceeded, and, as if opposing our audaoity, sreopt aoido the dark drapories of cloud- drifts over. head into disordered tatters, dis closing for an instant the wan light of theo paling stars and setting moon. The air lwhispored weirdly among the branoches of gigantic coanari trees stretching out their gnarled arms to shield the tender folinge about their sunako-like roots, and the cocoan nult palms just above the high-water level aIssued towardo the sea, twisting and shaking their plumed cresto in angry delinlae, while above them the great overgroeenus moaned and piped as they lashed to and fro in thebo fitful gusts of the threateoning storm. But as we roeacheod the point, and rounding the crornr faced about to the nortle west, it subsided in a bnfllod sigh alusost as suddenouly as it had risen. Then Rtouea broke the aileneoo for the first timne. " We are half-way, Tnanu ; and as I must roeach our destination as soon as possible after sunrise, do you boar a hand with the other paddle; no one is likely to soee usno now." It had gradually boon growing ligtor. A broad, orimson streak aeross the sky to our right widened and deepened as the rim of the golden suni swung up into view. Dense olouds of steam and mnist rose from the damp earth, ansd rolling away in heavy wreaths towards tbh far hori. zou throughl the palms exposed to view a sswoop of danrk-green forest above which tihe vapour thinned and molted, leaving the leafy spikes and feathery crowns of rattan clusters about the tree-tops sharp and clear in their jagged irrogularities ngainst the azure. The oven splash of the paddles echood in muflled strokes as we hugged the saiore and watched anxionsely for tie least sign of un friendly presence, and the deep vibrat ing notes of the frogs like a bass-viol ceased instantanesously. LHugo bats sailing about on theoir leathery wingo passedl, sqeailing sharply, steering homewards after searching the trees for fruit. Flooks of cream-colored pigeons and blue headed rollers with discordant voices and dishovelled ap penanoce, started in pairs from the swaying brancleos and ascending the mountain sides scored with valloys, prepared for their morning dip in the numorous lalis or small streams, and fleooeks of pelioans and white heroues weont clanging out seawards. Boe twoon the foliago of noble palms and stomless tree ferns with monster fronds-some with wide and massive leaves, others gracefully waving finely out sprays, and the oreping plants, prickly leaves and hardy popper vines, ourious wood swallows twittered, and thousands of small crows onawed unmelodiously, and the lyre-tailed brilliant black shlrikes with milk white eyes flittored caroleonsly among the tiny songstors that dodging the small hawks or faloons hovered over Sthe green and gold orange-treooos. In the shady parts swarms of butter flies, pale-blauck and blue, blue-ban. banded and gold-groeenu, othera with a rich orange baud on a blaokib ground, and orange and cinuibar-red, die turbed and chased hungrily by large ground pigeons with yellow breasts and crown cand purple neck, dispersed themselves in clouds of variogated hues over the ferns, shrubs and. creeoopers mingling in a festooning not work of evergreens, nnd masses of moss and lichoen on the mottled rookh. But a sign from Reen diverted my attention from these gorgeous details, We had arrived at what at first seemed to be the western boundary wall of the gulf, but, passing through a unarrow opening, we found ourselves in a land-looked and almost ciorcular basin, from which a narrow spit of forest clad roeekl projected at the loft. At Rluna's suggestion I discontinued paddling, and lying back in the prow, I watheld the free play of her strong round arm and the changing glints of sulightl streaming through the bur nished rnmaesec of her black hair asno she sat etrighlit and oxpeootant, a living statue with eyos that in tiheir swiftly runling glance tookl in tile whole of the blrillinit meysterious surroundings ill a ihe ol, shhalf eonteempteuoue , hall ap. ipreleoniv. (;lanioing over ties oides into tie traniluecolt waters, I observed that so wort) Ilselug ever iViillot e reuofl of coral, a veriteblee otei ardic,, bountilfl hbymal dorlotmio, lty nhI tefif I iity edilll ltlo ijllllit, . raliyI, Ihn ti l, iJ,?l'Irvt il i )t l .ee l lies, il t 11t)1) sit., .,+ ii )i lily liclu.l e ,lyp+,s, C il i l , ?i,, i l i i t II,, IJJll i l Ii i if spongoes, soa urchions, and broad non fans. Horo, with a ofew deft turns of her paddle, Rune swang the canoe eharply to the loft no we lshot into the armpit of the projecting land anoosending at the point to a prooipitous ohlff, and told me to jump e.ohoro ae we had now reached our doestination. Overturning the eampan, we concealed it, with tile paddles, in the undergrowth of weeood and ferns on the buesh. "How munb further do we go, luna ? I asked. " About half a peot or so, Tann; over the crest of this promotory," oho replied. "But I shall leave you on this aide, near thebo top to keeoop watch. Have your arms ready, but do not stir till I return. I shall not be very long away." To the east, where the sun was well eloer of the waterline, a few olouds still lingered. Onue shaped eingularly like a blood-rod human hand detaohod itself from the bank, and, pointing directly towards our courose, started forwards and faded gradually into space. The girl shud. dered, and fingering a small charm on hebor wrist grasped a small bansket which oho brought with her from the boat, and horriedly muttered como words in the unintelligible bahaoa of her anuoo tors. A selight rumble of oearthquakeo followed. "IHasten, Tuan," ebo said, " but look out for patabong." And so we commenoed our journey up the hill. In ncoordance with her caution I followed her example as she stopped oarefully in her python skinuod mooassins to avoid the ran jowo-sharponod and burnt bamboo stakes tipped with poison, to impalo tile foot of unwary troepaoeore in the bush. The country here wao almost a pathloess wilderness, bat Runa fol lowed instinctively some hidden track, evidently uneood for special purposes, which wound in and out of the rotting vegetation, after the manner of all native paths, for thebo aboriginal Maluy never gooes straight if he can help it. Ho pleasoes himself with the fanoy that he is deoooiving somoono ant to his movements. Pushing througll the undergrowth, we disturbed a number of parokeots, rod lories, and cookatoos with large bills of blue, rod, yellow, and black in equal proportions, and long tails of fine metallic purple, and body plumage of light coffee brown. The smell of deooaying bloosomo and snorting of babirusa-wild hog, close by, and startlod raoh of a elect-cat or lemur dashing aside as it sped through theo openings betweeoon the massive branches overhead, the solemn tap ping of the woodpeackers, and other mysterious sounds in the vast silonce of thebo primeval forest, evolved an un accountable suspicion of insecurity, hard to shake off. Every now and thnou there was a stealthy rustling in the surrounding foliago, no though we were being stalked. The ineompro honoiblo whispers of nature stirred vague omotions of awe and a soense of impending disantor. Presently, betweoon the knotted intricaoiou of trailing creoopere, troupes of ohattering mounkeys ewung themsoelves forward in accompanimont to our onward stops. An inquisitive small brown faooe would poop down upon us from the palm froude, and be instantly withdrawn directly our voices were raised, or we made any unusual noise. A confused jabbering would be fol lowed by universal eilence; there would be a soamper as of mico in a barn, and their ouriosity oatisfied for a moment, our gnome like attendants would whisk themselves into nothing ness, only to return by ones and twos a little later, to spy upon us afresh from some eerio cranny. Thrown togetbor in thio strange confraternity of adventure, I soeemed to walk in a trance of half-awakened soneations, lulled into utter disregard of self in the rapid breathing and burning tounoh of my companion ano aeho gently guided my steps onwards in the soft perfumed atmosphero and eaot out glances of tender soliitudo for my safety from betoween the long lashes of her glorious eyes. From time to time as we proopeded, Runs dipped her hand into her basket and laid a fragment of rise or fish on a leaf as an offering to the sylvan doities of the plaoo--Batara, the God of Good, but more cospesoially to the evil spirits inhabiting the jungle. In the aboriginals religious bolief-- ongen dered by the contomplation of the awesome phenomeno of nature-the burning mountain, the torrents and lakes weore the abodes of demons and deitioes, and certain trees and birds are supposed to have influence over human aotions and destinies. By thoeseo, men could be changed into animals during lifo or after death, but, in the ordinary course of oveonts, whbon a man dies his spirit lives in the jungle, especially haunting, however, the placoe of its earthly burial. When the epirit dies it beooomes a bojawi, and lastly, a bogatur, the eooonce of which, enters ing the trunks of trees may be seeoon there, at dawn and duek, damp and bloodlike in appearance. We halted near the crest of the hill, and Runa informed me that we weore almoest exactly in a straight line with the roar of our settlement, a short out to which lay across the mountains westward past Parombam'e hampong. Hero shebo loft mo, still without assigning any reason for our long detour and her mysterious bo haviour, and solomuly warning me against the danger of otirring during her absenoco. I had however inwardly decided to follow the benout of my natural inclinations, ad after she had beoon gone about a quarter of an hour I started to Iput my lprigrammo into reooutionl. Creoping to the top of the projoetiNg rook 1 Iousid thi t \won at lheo nnommit of a lsoor ?ll, whish fauid northll. wanic cd ii / llotli s s.lptly tI, the soiit salrl Icy, It Iormse l thu lliulld rli'y if tih usieo 'i us chiely ',w clijg fio'm Iln (llll l iiiV''el iiJ fsli~liics I i 1' I,1 hisy li, ,?+ hii i s ,clsjI , r iii i Fi ,,'i l , 'lii ',l r isih I+. Ii ,,l hi ss , ++, , iti '+ii Is s''+''+ I '1+' )'f ?iii +++I l'h''is t, ' l'suil+ 'hi 'It uti, is'hjlit hi Jl c~ susi s ,llI cimply a small turban betweeoon his tightly entwined hair, and a ohawat, or barkloin cloth, on which the native dyck csoros a circle for every head capturod, and a nooklaco of beads, and rown of braes leg rings and armlets of white shells. For arms he carried a paraug, and shield between three and four foot in length but loss than half a dozen inaohe wide, and at his waint appeared the whale's tooth handle of his brio. To my astonishment I ro oognised in this sinister apparition the well-known grim features of my aInto neighbour, Intubat. Before I had time to speculato con corning this ill-omened preconce a ooond figure emerged; this time it was Runa's. After the interchango of a few remarks, and judging from Intuklat's demeanour he was ohiding the girl for arriving late or some other omission, both divested themselves of all enoumbranoeo and rapidly op. pronohing the water's edge plunged. Swimming straight out to the oentre they both dived and disappeared. A minute passceed, and then another, but still there was no sign of their roappearanoo. In the brisk stirring of alternate hopes, fears, and dosirec I trombled for the girl's safety. Gazing intently into the sombre depths, I fancied I oould trace dimly the outlines of a number of ruins, along the bottom, and, here and there, a white oolumn of domed oupola protruding faintly, and although the notion seemed propostorouc I could not got rid of it. Suddenly, a pair of hands shbt up into view, in the one something wao hold tightly, and then the owner's head, a woman's, followed. It was Runa. She swam rapidly back to the shore and dived into the under growth. But whore was Intukat ? I roturned to the spot where she had loft me and waited anxiously. Before long, I heard the rustle of branocheos, and the girl stood before me. Fresh from her late oxoroiso, and in the ereot poise of her body, she looked against the back ground of foliage, like some animated and exuberant flower of the tropice. Throwing back lher wet hair, with a swift turn of her shapely arm she darted a look at me from bo tween the heavy eyelids, keeoon as the gleam of steeool, Thie intensity of her stare agitated me curionusly. Under her eyes, from whioh there beamed a dawn ing tenderness, Idrew in along breath, as leaning over towards me, she brought her dioengaged hand from bo hind her back forward ; and, grasping mine thrust something hard and cold into it. Then speaking in tones tremulous and low, but wherein the elements of suppressed triumph wore plainly disoorniblo, she exoleimed " There, Tuan, is the present Runa gives her friend." In the tremor of oontact, and ting ling oharm of irrosistablo fasoination I drew her towards me, meeooting with equal ardour the devotion shiningin her oyoe. At the moment of sublime folly I had no eyes for anything but herself, even had it been a death adder she had handed me. 81oe laid her arm about my nook, " Lookl at it, Tuau " she insisted. "It has cost me dear to got it, but I am repaid, if it brings me your love." It was a large stone,; of a deep rich red, somewhat larger than a pigeon's egg. Smooth and rounded on one side, but rough on the other, it had evidently been dislodged from some crude work of art. Drawing its pointed back sharply across bthe faeoo of my oarbunolo, I found that it loft a well defined soeratoh. She had given me a ruby. The ruby I well knoew to be far the most proolious of gems and jewels. It embodies the highest monoy-valuo in thie smallest compass; one of these stones though only five or six oarats in weight is many times more valu able than a diamond the same size and quality. I knew that this.spepoi men must be worth at least a prineo's ransom. Touohed alike in heart and brain, I was nevertheless filled with wonder. " Wherec:nd how did you got this, Runa 2" I asked. "It is better than your ring stone, Tnau, is it not ?" she said proudly, and in tones of quiet satisfanotion. "Put it in your inside pooket, so," she oontinuod, gently pushing the jewel into the inner lining of my jacket. " Alas, there are but few left in the old temple, and now there is no one to chow where thebo stone lies. The Alfuras will miss their hobief advisor noroly." Sho had evidently mistaken the carbunole in my ring for a ruby. "But whore did yenou leave Intuknt, Runa ?" She looked up sharply into my face, and drew slightly aside. "Intukat, Taun ? Then you must have watohed ous, oh man of little trnust." I nodded. "You may as well tell me all," I added, reassuringly. " Bo be it," ehe returned phlegma. tieally. "Below the waters I have just loft are the remains of an old temple of our forefathers, Tuan, whioh has beeoon slowly rotting there for many years - soine the big eruption and earthquake, ages ago. Intukat was the last dosoondaut loft of the former worshippers, and he and I alone know anything of the ruine. With the joeweols he obtained secretly, by do spoiling the idols, he was able to out up and trade in small lots enough to maintain ourselves in power and wealth. Our people and traders are fond of these foolish stones, but of love, Tuni, they thiulnk little except in times of poeao." " Go ou," I seid, mshc intereUted. " Well, miy father arranged youtor day that Pnrnambam houotl offer yon gold to go nway, and tlhat if yor refuneod to go you elrunld le killed, 1Io furtlier ldeidled to prouneed alonei to this llaeno eveni)lnnd thiu nenorniteln,.aind to avi ict fle pryintg ceycecuf tte Alfure s, i wanc direcelod tn miCeile nerlnllllnl by ricer, nmil tlecht hlle n in ondetn I tI oll.cIn In lcn e h oict hilh velit eelon fer een' eieje€iieiecce, it lie ne c~lq.?+iiile, ieee ieete tie c ulicicil Iiii i i, t lee rie, I Iii i ,IiS' ivh l'iiib c i '*1 1 ,:Iiccee c i ecline i(i/ )1let ,c cci iimJ fenceu ee~ielie t.ile Ic+i~le ,+ it il l,+;hfl innl Ii[+ h+!~td I eJie ? letl, i;li;iiii l',l cee.t flee Ice i, i~i lJ r id !' euncy Il 1(1(0+ ?.,ejij Ihle ,,? jcl1+ iii,+ did not tremble. Now his spirit will haunt the sealed chamber, and I daro not open it again, and no one will ever know his burial place. But what ailb you, Tuan ? We are rafe hero, oh heart of mine." A sudden suspicion, abshaping itoalf nto form, flonhod thtrough my mind, travereing this droeadul ta'o of parri cido, like flame aoroen tinder. "Did you kill Kortoweg also, tuna ?" I whispered. " Yes; I sent him the present of a etieken I had fattoened on the poison? on angia (belladonna) when he was niok and you were out. He pestered mo with his love. As if I could endure his ugly faeoo," she conoluded with a darkly vindistivo look. Great God I I had frequently mis trusted the symptoms attending the peouliarly sudden death of my follow trader, but I never blamed the girl, oven for an instant. A cold shiver and feeling of auter evuloion followed so swiftly upon the first sentiments of horror and dismay ( oxperienced on reoeiving this socond proof of murderous callousness that I lung her burning hand brutally from me. My throat was dry with passion., '"You vile murdoress l"I I gasped, '"got out of my eight this instant before I kill you. .... I loathe you . . . ouroe your damnable villainies. . . . Bogone I" Under my furious words and geoe toren of violent hatred she collapsed as though stricken by a blow. In the next instant, springing to her feet, with a stifled cry, bho confronted me with frightened eyes. In her distended nostrils and light immobility of pose, ready to dart away, there predo minated withal, an un'dorlying ex presosion of wild and resentful de fiance. As she stood breathless, in the immensity of her amazement, sparks seemed to kindle and vanish in the depths of her dilated pupils. " I go, O devil of a white deceiver; I go, and quickly," she retorted. Before 1 in the least realisnod her intentions, she throw herself swiftly forwards, and dashing through the ?eanty bushes to our right, reached, in a few strides, the edge of the lofty preooipice. In a second sheo hurled herself over into the golf. The catastrophe was so sudden that I had sncarcely moved. But now, otruggling desperately to recover my stunned fanoultioen, and ncrambling to my fooet I ran to the edge, and throw ing myself on my stomaobh looked over the dizzy embankmoent. The water same flush up to the wall beneath, with the exception of a few intervening jagged rooks, but I could see by the widening ripples in the water a few feet beyond that the girl had fallen ciear of those I began to breathe freely; but to my returning horror, as I followed the extending oirole and my eyes reached its dios solving limit outwards, .I suddenly noticed a triangular blacko fin pointing inwards. Next minute there was a alight splash and commotion. The giant fiu shot forwards and sanklr. The head and shoulders of ounn appeared for an instant above the water and dis appeared suddenly. There was a brief flash of white streak and a submerged flurry, and the water frothed red, yel low, and lastly white. Then all was still. A monster ground shark had seized his prey. A cranokling among the twigs behind me diverted my attention. Slowly turning my nerveless limbs around I discovered the cause. Oloss by be tween the branoheso stood a large baboon-foced blanok ape, loaning for wards and watohing me in its droop ing attitude, exactly like a human being in doubt. Pointing towards the scone of thie reoent tragedy it mouthed and gibbered in fiendish glee. Its incomprehoensible ounning and malice weoro almost satnio. I slid my band to my side to draw my revolver, but the brute, antioipa ting me, vanished, chuckling de. risiveoly. Stumbling tomy feet, and shaking in oevery limb as though smitten with ague, I started, groping downhill, to wards the canoe. (To be coratined.) 