; MELBOURNE, SATURDAY,. / . 5TII MAY, 1900. . . !' ' Professor Enrl Barnes has been giving lo his London audience's a somewhat whim:- sical idea that there is a, caste in education "as definite as the' aristocracy in runic. But, fanciful or not, he has a good deal to say for his notion, and' he says it very well indeed. His thesis is that all children are democrats l\v nature. They see. an ostler ride with much more nerve and grace than a gentle man, and they think the ostler the superior. They witness a blacksmith perform feats ;pf strength 'that far outshine what their father or. brothers could accomplish, and they attach superiority to the blacksmith. //vounS aristocrat in his callowest days will unconsciously reason thus: — "Charlie, /'ithe gardcnerV son, is a boy., 1 am a boy. '-d'lmi'lie- isi'braVe, -gets hungry;' and is a Christian. I am brave, get hungry-, and am a Christian." So we are equal. iVe-);Sn!/this,j the ;Jnfai3t, /nintl may pe le e i v c ,C>m t o liej nioi'e ' useful iiftd diligent - than liimselfr "'and make secret .".admissions of inferiority in himself. Professor Barnes. thinks that this tendency,- iCnncheck ed by oil ilea t i o 11 , would become so" /Strr.hgitliat'.'tlie.ybung aristocrut of twenty, gnziiig -around and beholding tlie inequali ties ill opportunity afforded to man,' would , tlie. wrongs inherent, in our 5|'stem.jft|tMjessor Barnes tiiinks iHeiciiti quit h i fiiigei"dn the precise.- part of the curriculum of our aristocratieseminafies .which obviate this natural tendency to find justice in democratic equality. At Eton and W inchester ;i lid other;', large, schools, tbc- yotmg afistoci'-at receives .what amounts t'o" a caste cducntion-by the special nltonOion' tbiit is . paid, i.o .the .dead . languages. The .Ibgieab' activity, of "the cliild's- inind, which; would lend to democratic tendencies, ;is' effectively checked by a classical currieulurn,' i.in.-which '.only the most' minor part relates to science, or . commerce, or any of the practical . business of life. He thinks that, if hoys' were'; to study i n 1 the ; pliysicnl arid: chemical laboratories where they are cbiri- pelled "to look, for the causes of effects " arid the effects of causes," they would carry . on - their , reasoriings into- the affairs apd politics of life, arid the- social organis ation would not' stand the strain.'' But, he thinks thp sativ'e effriet of declining in a " grammatical ease endhig in " a" simply "because it. has always been so" trains- the mind to '.accept anomalies, in : life on the same principle. And so, when later the - young ; aristocrat ' scesi the inequalities of reward that come to. capital and labor, the fact that these conditions have always existed is enough to reconcile him to.it. . If Professor Earl Banies's reasoning 'could be .accepted. as valid all along the line, it' would bri a formidable reinforcement of tlie case against the'classical tyranny. But there are. "(any good Radicals -who refuse to! accept these conclusions/ and who adhere to their Sophocles and Virgil with all the fervor that Mr. Gladstone did. What will occur to mariy people is that the Professor has loft quite out' of count the .course of education' that, goes on w-ith boys outside Hie, school course. If the young aristocrat is taught by. one set of circumstances that the gardener's son is his equal or superior in a. few Ihings, lie is Wo less constan-t-ly romindetl of u biimlred tiling in which tha't young servitor stands at a disadvantage. He oannot tvoar fine clothes, nqr ride fine horses, nor drive in fine carriages, nor live in a fine .house luxuriously furnished. The occasional peeps .which .the aristocratic boy has! made into -the gardener's ' cottage have revealed a . forbidding poverty and a coarse dinner. The -.gardener s son has no pocket money, arid with a few stray sixpences the budding aris tocrat can make the poor-born bqy his servi tor. : The country people doff tlieip capi to the.' highborn bo;,- and vent' their coarse 'safcasms;.on the other. ' All this is a daily educriition— a perpetual notification to him , .f his <>«'" superiority. Everybody around liiin concedes it. Nobody disputes'it; there fore i t must be'so. He feels', too, that he can dance, 'sing, ' shoot and play cricket' far and awqy. better (ilian the poor gardener's' .P,-iho,ah'niyni|rtbt spare from His drud-i griry 'for the acquirement of the graces of life. It is right, too, that it should be so. Do. not itlie: .Scripture? say that one vessel is made to honor arid another to dishonor? There 're degrees In all things— brown del! and pure chiriaware, the rough plough horse, and tliri.; vtherouglibred, .coarse serge' and silk , velyet— and thq " highborn ;boj- - has no., trouble in determining : Jiis own superfine quality " in the - scheme of iliings; Surely rill these influences which go on daily" out of school are more' forma- -tiye of paste thanthc classical curriculum " which he often' shares witli the son of a wenlthy ' buttennan. '" ,."! It is -not unworthy of note in .his aspect of Education that the Sydney Chamber bf Coinmercc has set up. a kind-of .caste exami- nation -as - a -preparation of 'candidates for! .the ! commercial life. The fchamber prescribes - a / special programme'.' "'of instruction of ' its" own,, arid all candidates who pass ,it have their names registered, >'niidYnre;'_HVe\fiKt-'-!ehbseh. rvhen- ever commercial men require fresh employes. J f , one ' may judge from the advertising coluirins of the Sydney Press, young men u'lio hold! the certificate of the Ghnmher of. Commerce are specially- named as albne eligible for certain situations. But in this case "it may be doubted whether1 there is anything " sought beyond the creation of a special caste. The Sydney Chamber of Commerce has clearly not ariived at the training of inen in com'morcial knowledge." Tlie "Sydney Morning Herald" says that the examination " requires riot . much more than a thorough knowiedgo'of .the three. lv s. The successful candidate "must -be one who can read well, who can . vi rite a clerkly .hand, _ and who can coiii- " pass such problems' in' arithmetic ; as ordinarily , face tlie q youth, employed in "a merchant's office." But! that is iio test of a commercial education.' Jii Gbrmariy: 'twenty -years' ago' a man. having pretensions' to'eomriiereial training had to show a special knowledge in geography, a cbmpetenco to: Write and transla te /French and German/ and a familiar acquaintance with the value of moneys in foreign cbiinLries, together with the effects i of Customs charges on im ports and exports/ /Thib was comparatively neglected in England until late- years, and the neglect was .incurred, at; the ! cost of -tlie ; nation's;; trade. ' ;It is now being rectified, ari(l riri.v;'asi)iring youth who feels 1?. a pti.t pdc "for trade must equip, himself with these essentia 1 requisites before hoping to make mucli, progress- in ; bis businessi If to;gain; the- Sydney; Chamberfs certificate" it is'necessnry- only 'to 'have a proficiency in "the- tlu;ee"R's/ariy 'St'nte.'selibol scholar- might: obtain; it, arid irirtliilt cnse'it Avould roally' be worthless as a test of. any special! fi tness. This rous'es thy suspicion -that' the Sydney certificate, is a" little move towards what Professor ' Earl Barnes ' would " ball . the , directiop of , caste— that it is intended to serve a certain , cofeyie, and .to give to the Chamber -the disppsal,. of. a. certain nmouiit bf patronage.-; !Any. such movements fshouhl he closelyJ and/even. jealously scrtitiniscd.' A body wliich iri limes like, these can! .command -virtually the .appointments/ 'bf , young: men to. means of livelihood lioldsla, very Taige social power in its bands,; anil '-'that' social power" may at; any time" be converted into a! political; power.! 1 .The question raised by, professor Barnes nsto .the dead languages- ibeing the symbol of uristocratic education is interesting, liut: it is not one that has any practical issues in it at -present. It may. or may not conduce to- the perpetuation of caste. But the Sydney organisation 'of a' Chamber of Commerce certificate, which is distinctly no certificate of merit, and which may he a bureaucratic bid for power, is one that requires a good deal of watching- before' the example is imitated in this colony. ? . The suit of. the two fishermen who' .'a-, couple of. weeks ago brought a. frivolous action for daipages against "Tlje.., Age" which resulted in a verdict for defendants witlr costs, terininatetl yesterday' by' the, simple process of the plaintiffs, pleading that they lmil no money to, pay...Uioin with. Erivoloiis ; its , the ricfion was on the face of it. they .neverthe less found so lawyer in -Mr. Gaunsbn who thought they had a good case to; take into '.court,' and lie was no doubt disappbfri led to find .that, the court. did not: endorse liis ju'dg- inont. .W'.liet'hei' he.-was wise enbngl/to get' security for bis . fee beforehand/ or. whether he gave liis ynhnlble professibnal adVice out of pure " love 7 of justice to 'We oppressed, were, perhaps to inquire too- curiously, if! he did, it- redounds, to his credit , ratrier.: than otherwise. V'J'herc can be no more objection . tp; a legal practitioner giving ridvicbito an. .'indigent glien.t"/vho is tinnble to '.prosecute liis rights tiian, there is to a irietlical. man prescribing gratis for a penniless patient. Indeed,. 'it. is not. many years ago that it was seribrisly /proposed by a permanent member ' of the' Irieorporflted Law; Society of- Great Bnj'airi to establish Law Hospitals to pro- vide.gratuitous advice to the poorer classes, for . the same .reasons that idiots and the insane -are ptovided with retreats and hs'yhirris ' wider.; the supervision of experts \ 'devoted to ./ their treatment. The.'admimstriiition of the rieivLa-w, Hos pitals, was to. indicate the profession from the charges' of .exaction,' greed and rapacity made by - people who: , do ' not know how;- much of - the- ; milk of human kindness may ;,be distilled " 'from the bosoin- of a Dodson or : a. Fogg. But the- tender- hearted proposal,' sorriehow : or other, did riot find many; patrons - among the public to support it. "Probably people thought - that ? if Dodson and Fogg were really anxious to sa!ve -the pockets of their clients, 'they would -find ample opportunity b.V merely /dissuading' theiiri ' from going into speculative actions w-hidh-theyyibada't tlie ghost of a chance to win. ' . ..There: .-is another, method' by - which these Friends.'.; of .-: the poor may help' them, though it' \is looked upon as; discreditable by - tlie courts./' ' Lawyers. ;.who are sensible that .their, clients have no- .means to ' prosecute, their case have; been known before "now to charge them nothing if they- lose, on condition that they' share the plunder, 'if -they are 'successfui. This is an application :of. the -share- systerii, however,.1 which ' the courts - treat - as , an offence, kno\vn,n3 champerty.- Some years, ago- a; case of 'champerty .in 'this colony so audacious, crime under the notice ' of 'Mr. Justice Holroyd, who denounced the offend- ing firm of solicitors in; such' ' scathing, language from -the bench that, a champertor became ' quite rare animal for a. time., - The dispredJtable, na'ture of -the- practice is obvious, for it ; not only ! bi'ihgs,.!. diWoWpr upon an honorable profession, but -, it . leads- directly, to' the' defea't ofujustice- by -'stimulating;:' the manufacture olj false evidence, land / giving encouragement! to perjury" and subornation. , The champertpr is necessarily, not!7 over scrupulous abqtrt. the means i be employs if : .'his / fee. '.'depends /, upon his - gain ing a verdict foi- his' client. The old Roman 'jurisconsults shire in the public gaze giving free advice, to. tiiqir clients in order to 'secure' .tjtyeir votes,, at yegfipri times. fBiitIhe same idriss/oft' .practitioners-/! ariridrigrH-riurselves' transact their-business in -secret, and-iare' .therefore not' so' easily, brought: to book; by their unfortunate victims, who are practically 'without' any protection. The law t is , eompelled' to leave them . alone, because withpany attempt to checkmate their design there will .always be. the danger of denying' justice to We'deservingpoor who, have not the means of "paying for it'. " T-ho probability, therefore,, is ' that '/the : chairi- pertor Sve shall always have with us, arid that the, really honest - and self-denying lawyer ..who. refuses on principle to under-; take the cases of clients that are confessedly/ unable to pa/the successful defendants .their just; costs' will continue to contrast favorably with''him in the /pod opinion of the public and/the profession. The subject-, of - protecting the public received :somri t attention at the hands of the Royril Comriiission on Law Reform, but the only eorielusion'the Commission arrived, nt was illuit / the evil complained ot undoubtedlj occurs, "but it is one which'. " it seems, impossible to prevent without- " incurring the'still more serious danger of. " debarring, poor", but 'meritorious : litigants "from justice." ! An; effectual plan would be ito mnkc tlie solicitor who is responsible for .litigation -:of '.this-; doubtful;' character, being commcneed. 'liable.' for the successful party's costs, but we are afraid .that the' difficulties in the/way of it would be insur- .inountable in practice. . The announcement of yet another recom mendation for tlie ; Victoria Cross conies close on the; ruriior/.; that it has been seriously propqsed! to ! abolish this decora tion "For Valour," on the ground that the eagerness to obtain/it causes : numbers of officers' and nieri/to - risk almost certain death, without any cliance/of a proportion ate gain to tlieir side., The twopennyworth of bronze -for.-whieli these -sacrifices . are- made, is also objected 'to on account of. the element of charice which! inevitably attends ! its'- distribution/..; It is/ '!: supposed' to be awarded not. fipr mere acts of daring— so much is. cxpcctrid at need from every wearer or the uniform— butfor. voluntary exploits in which the recipient, at the imminent risk of his own life; has, -.saved another's, or per formed some signal 'service. But iri/ pracr lice; since the decoration rinist not he made too cheap', it hapRei)a!tha;t/while iio:pne wiil grudge tlie wearers of-the coyeted MriHeae Cross, their honor, .there, are Jumdrjcds. of . men who have equally, deserved it: "In the - latest case Jlajor Rliipps . Hornby, -''whose father will be/, remembered by niany - . as Admiral in tlicse, Waters, was;unluekyeriough to lose in air ambush./ tlie giiiis of ithe battery he '/ conunarided,' ' arid /it' "was- for a despd'rnte" effort ! to '-'-reeoyer tliem thatq :' lie'/ has . been ' reeoin- memled for the ' V.C. But it will iiot be qnestioned/that; rio. special rewaid is needed to iipprep / on the Royril Horse Artillery the duty to' save their guns/'no matter what the cost, and there are jnany men living who have - faced death in the attenipt, as part of their ordinary Zluties, and remained i Undecorated. The- enormous, proportion of casualties amongst the/Officers in this war has/been, held to be due to' their zeal outrunning their discretion; ''But. we; can" quote in their defence the ' dictum.' oi Lord Wolseley /that the first business /of an officer in action" is- to try to get killed: This may be rather -on exaggeration, but the advice and its general adoption alike err ,on the right side. The soldier's trade, after all, is to take the risks of war, and his motto should be- that of Danton — "Audacity." At the commencement of the Civil War in America,- -when the pottering- of the' Northern generals, was arousing the feeling engendered lately in British breasts by tlie failures at C'olenso and Spion -Kop, Grant failed in his first action, and Lincoln was urged to, remove liiin. After some considera tion, the President suddenly said, " I enn't " spare, this mail: He fights.''. The reminder that the'- first business of a general 'is to fight .saved " the genius of Grant to the Federal cause. So ''he gazetting bf ' each Vjetoria Cross bestowed reminds every, man ,rn flic British. Army. that, lie is expected to hold his .life cheap. i 