General News. The Dominican Missions.—On Sunday next a mission will be opened at the Cliurcb of Sts. Peter and Paul, Gawler, by Rev. Father Larkin, O.P., and will be con tinued for two weeks. At the conclusion of the mission Confirmation will be ad ministered by His Grace the Archbishop. Irish National Federation.—The usual monthly meeting of the Irish Na tional Federation was held in the Trades' Hall, Grote-street, on Monday, May 7. The president (Mr. P. McM. Glynn. M.P.) occupied the chair. Great regret was expressed at the death of Mr. B. Kier nan, who was an ardent member of the Federation, and the secretary was instruct ed to forward a letter of sympathy to his widow. Mr. Glynn gave an account »of his visit to Sydney as a delegate from South Australia at the un veiling of the '98 memorial on Easter Mon day. A vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Glynn for representing the Federa tion. Messrs. J. Duignan and John Kelly and Mrs. Manuel Pereiera were elected members. A motion by Mr. P. A. O'Con nor, as follows, was carried unanimously: "That a committee be appointed by the Irish National Federation to consider Ihe beet means of conveying to the, British House of Commons the desire of the colo nists of South Australia that Ireland be granted her own Parliament." The follow ing were elected a committee to carry out arrangements: President, Vice-President, Secretary, Treasurer, and Messrs. J. Biad ley and P. A. O'Connor. The Jesuit Missions.—The two-weeks' mission at the pretty and devotional Church of St. Ignatius', Norwood, was concluded last Sunday evening. The church was densely packed, every avail able corner and point of vantage being occupied long before the hour of service. Father Colgan was the preacher. The sermon was a splendid exposition, and the large crowds were well repaid for the comparative inconveniences of heat and overcrowding. The Rev. Father touched separately on the love of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, developing each point in a most beautiful and original way, and concluding with an exhortation to devotion to the Blessed Virgin. Many non-Catholics were present. After the renewal of baptismal vows, the Papal Benediction was imparted by the Rev. Father. On Thursday the day was set apart for exposition of the Most Blessed Sacrament. The decorations within the sanctuary were carried out on a magnifi cent scale, and the floral decorations, and designs were of the most artistic kind, the whole forming an unequalled and devo tional work of art. During the week the Fathers have been engaged at the Hector ville Church. The week's mission at that church will close on Sunday, and on the same date the Brompton Church will be visited, and a week's mission givei^ Father Hourigan having secured the services of the Jesuit Fathers for the mission. Both Fathers are preachers of the first rank. A Distinguished Visitor.—Monsignor O'Leary, of Dunedin, New Zealand, was a passenger by the R.M.S. Orizaba, which arrived at Largs Bay on Monday morning. The monsignor is at present bringing a twelve months'holiday tour to a close, and he landed for the purpose of going to Sydney by rail, and thence to Dune din. During his furlough the monsignor has visited Ireland, America, England, Samoa, and a host of other places. He also had the pleasure of a personal inter view with His Holiness the Pope in Rome. He found the Holy Father in excellent health. Bishop Doyle, of Grafton, New South Wales, was also present at the re ception by the Pope. Jesuit Mission, Brompton.—A mission conducted by Fathers Colgan and Mac Inerney will be opened in St. Saviour's Church, Brompton, on Sunday next, May 13\. The mission will continue for a week. On Sunday Mass will be celebrated at 8 and 11 o'clock, and in the evening devo tions will take place at 7 o'clock. On week mornings Mass wil be at 6.30 and 9 o'clock, and evening devotions at 7.30. As the revered missionaries are eloquent and im pressive orators, and have done good work elsewhere, large congregations are expect ed from Brompton and the surrounding districts. The Catholic Congress.—His Emin ence Cardinal Moran has made arrange ments so that the dedication of St. Mary's Cathedral is to coincide with the opening of the Australasian Catholic Congress, to be held in Sydney in Sep tember next. Rev. Brother O'Brien.—Old scholars of the Christian ' Brothers' College will learn with great pleasure of the arrival in Adelaide of the Rev. Brother F. T. O'Brien, one of the earliest and most popular principals of the Wakefield- street College. Brother O'Brien had quite an extraordinary way of ingratiating himself into the affections of his pupils, and the relations which existed between master and scholar were ever of the most kind and cordial character. Absence from the colony has only served to heisrhten the esteem in which Brother O'Brien has been held, and a large gathering of ex students of the College tendered him an enthusiastic reception at the gymnasium of the College on Thursday evening. Although necessarily of a hurried nature, owing to the fact that he has to resume his journey to-day, the social was of the mos,t enthusiastic and happy character. A full report of fhe gathering will appear in the next issue of the "Southern Cross." Brother O'Brien will resume his journey by the "Woollowra" to Perth to visit his sister, who belongs to the Order of Mercy, and whom he lias not seen for twenty five years. Brother O'Brien will then resume his journey to Ireland, where he will attend the general chapter of the Order of the Christian Brothers. Graceful Present to Mrss Amv Castles.—The Rev. G. A. Robinson, who was primarily responsible for the introduc tion of Miss Amy Castles to the Austra lian musical public, has received from the Government Geologist of Hew South Wales a fine specimen of Australian ame thyst for transmission to the gifted canta trice. The stone is intended as a me mento of the singer's visit to the mother colony. The Southern District Election.— In another column the Right Hon. C. C. Kingston notifies his candidature for the Southern District, which is being vigor ously canvassed in his behalf by many political friends. Mr. Kingston's splen did services to the colony, and his mag nificent light for Federation entitle hiin to be returned, even in his absence. His co-operation with the other Australian delegates in London to preserve the Com monwealth Bill intact should not be allowed to prejudice his candidature. Attention is directed to his advertisement in another column. Legal Appointments in England.— Information 110111 London conveys the news that Sir Kichard Websler, late At torney-General, who has just been ap pointed Master ol cue Roils, has been raised to the Peerage, auu isir Robert Bau naty e i< unay, Solicitor-General, lias suc ceeiK-d nun as Attorney-General. Air. Carsuu, Al.i'., a prominent Irish Union ist, n.ts been appointed Solicitor- General. 