DALLEY ON PARKES. A SLASHING AND SCATHING SPEECH. After Edward Butler, Q.C., joined Sir (then Mr.) Henry Parkes as Attorney- General, Parkes, then ; Premier, went up for election at East Sydney. Although having little hope of defeating the Pre mier, James Jones opposed him. Dalley supported Jones, and at the old Masonic Hall in York -street made a sensational speech. It is said that the speaker had barely an hour for preparation. Dalley, we may remark, had not forgotten or tor given the conduct of Parkes in connection with the bogus 'Fenian Conspiracy,' and the accompany ing insults to which the Irish Catholic community was subjected a few years before. He condemned Butler for joining Parkes. Gentlemen,— In response to an invitation which I have just received from a number of influential electors in East Sydney, some of them old and dear friends of my own for very many years, I have done myself the honour of attending this great meeting convened for the purpose of supporting a candidate for this electorate in opposition to the Chief Sec retary of the present Government, whose acceptance of the office which he now holds you have been in vited to ratify by returning him again to Parliament. I have come here this evening with a single object, and it is this : to denounce the candidature of the Premier of the country, and to declare his occupation of his office a disgrace and a national humiliation. I for one shall.be no party by a criminal silence or a cowardly acquiescence in the existing state of things either to the dishonour of our institutions, or to the disgrace of our public character. I shall tell you nothing new ; but I shall recall to your re collection, and to that at the country, events which ought not to be forgotten, and offences which de serve and ought to obtain no pardon. I shall as far as my voice has any weight raise it in solemn pro test against the occupation of the first office in the country by one who, on a memorable occasion, was the chief slanderer of its character — and whose slanders, had they been believed in England, would have covered us all with ineffaceable infamy. It may suit the convenience, help the ambition, and promote the fortune of many who looked upon him a few months ago as an unworthy citizen to regard him now as an indispensable statesman. I had no thing to gain by denouncing him when I felt con vinced that he was engaged in a great conspiracy against the peace and freedom of a large section of the people of this country (now I learn with aston ishment and indignation, his most affectionate and enthusiastic supporters), and I have nothing now to serve but truth, in repeating before you what I have, in speech and writing, on many occasions eharged him with. And my charge is this : That he, on the 21st of April, 1868,' on the 24th of August of the same year, being on both occasions the occu pant of the office which he holds to-night— the Colonial Secretary of this country— made ctrtain public statements concerning the attempted assassi nation of his Royal Highness the Duke of Edin burgh, which were proved to be entire, absolute, and unqualified falsehoods. That on the' 10th day of Occober of the same year — he then having retired from office — publicly at Kiama (a place to which he at all events has given- an immortal renown, and invested with an interest half ludricous, half pathetic, which the authors of laughter and lying will not willingly let die), repeated circumstantially and deliberately these statements : — 1st. That the intention to murder his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh was known to the Government previous to the arrival of his Royal Highness in this country. 2nd. That in consequence of such knowledge extraordinary precautions were taken by the Government for the protection of the Prince. 3rd. That the crime of O'Farrell, who attempted to murder the Duke of Edinburgh, was the result of a conspiracy or organization existing in this country. A.nd 4th. That one who was in the guilty secret of chis conspiracy and whose fidelity was suspected by his fellow-conspirators, had been foully murdered before the Prince's life \va8 at tempted. These were the state rents which, at the time, alarmed and convulsed the country ; which sent a thrill of horror through our whole political and social system ; which split up into sections a community that had existed in peace and friendship and harmony so long. These were the statements upon which sprung into existence everywhere all kinds of associations for the creation and encouragement of bitter sectarian and national animosities, for the importation into this new and free country of the shameful and ejfele organizations of an old world, which had won by blood less than we had obtained by the generosity of the Imperial Parliament. In a word, to these statements we owe our present condition, about as melancholy a one as we could come to look back upon— seeing that Mr. Parkes is Prime Minister of this country. Let me call your attention to the state of the colony at the time of his Royal fclighneas's first visit. Could any people in any pare of the world have given a nobler — a more afiectmg recep tion to the greatest of rulers than this poor colony offered to a young man oi whom we knew nothing beyond the fact that he was the son cf our beloved Sovereign ? From the instant of his landing to the moment in which he was struck down he was almost the single object upon which the eyes of the people converged with affectionate interest; and uardly a person in the country credited that the unhappy creature who had attempted the Prince's assassination had a confidant, confederate, or a sympathizer in the colony. But from tLe moment that these astounding statements were made, rumours arose, suspicions were excited, the very air of our social lite was poisonous with alarms and apprehensions ; bloody conspirators were suspected in the persons of the most inoffensive citizens, and organizations, dangerous to life, directed against loyalty, and menacing the Constitution, were looked for everywhere. This was our condition. There was, fortunately for us, in this country one man brave and bold, and persistent enough to seize upon this slanderer and drag him before the public opinion of the country; to compel him to show what was the knowledge possessed by the Government previous to the arrival of his Royal Highness of an intention to murder him; what name did those gallant men bear, and where did they live who, to . the number oi: 500, were to guard hia life; and who were the gallant and reckless officers who were to ride in a line with hia body ? What proof had he of a conspiracy of murder, and in what chuich yard rested the mutilated remains of the damnable i conspirator who is universally known as the ' Kiama Ghost' ? Mr. 'William Macleay was the man who undertook this work, as he alleged, ' for the vindication of the character of this country, and to place beyond till shadow of doubt the loyalty of its people.' ^ou know the history of his labours ; and you know that although every single word he uttered in his report could be proved, beyond the possibility of a doubt, from the evidence appended to it, that in the excitement and injustice of that unhappy time, truth was sacrificed to base political resentment ; and Mr. Parkes was then, as ne very likely will be on Wednesday next, triumphant. For And I shall presently tell you why 1 think so. But let us fiist deal with his statements. Were they stupendous and complete falsehoods, or was there an element of truth in any of them r Let me bring before you some of the witnesses who, in the most solemn and impressive manner, declared them to be the basest falsehoods. Call into court the Vice President of the Executive Council, the Hon. Saul Samuel, who recorded his vote in favour of Mr. Macleay's resolution specif! sally denying the truth of Mr. Parkes's charges. Summon the Secretary for Pub lic Works, the Hon. Jonn Sutherland, who adopted' a similar course. Call the chairman of Mr. Parkes's meeting, last Saturday night, Mr. Kichard Driver (an honest, able, and sterling son of the soil, whose many virtues and kind qualities no one in this country knows more intimately than I do), who trod the same path, and who denounced Mr. Parkes as an enemy of the tranquil ity of the country. And now it is said, and I believe well known, that my fellow- citizens and co-religionists, the Roman Catholics of this electorate and throughout the country are to give their utmost support to the ex isting Administration. I can say, without the slightest egotism, and indeed without the faintest apprehension of being suspected of it by any who knowjjme and know my life, that I have, during the past five years, done them worthier service than any one, or any number of persons, connected with them. When others stood aloof from them ; when they were suspected, and scoffed at, and insulted, I, who' owed then nothing, for they were never political supporters of mine, stood by them, for their cause then was that of the oppressed. And I now warn them that this dishonest and scandalous alliance will prove of no benefit to them, while it will not fail to be prejudicial to the religious liberty of the country. Mr. Parkes will succeed ; and those Irish Roman. Cathol.C3, who yesterday regarded him with unspeakable horror, will on Wednesday lift him to power. But their days of remorse will come again. There is one other ground upon which I come here to protest againBt the ratification on the part of this constituency of Mr Parkes's acceptance ©f office. It is bIbo a public ground. It is of a nature so public that the leading journal of this country made it the subject of a leading article, in consequence of which, it is alleged, Mr. Parkes retired for a time from the Legislative Assembly. It is a circumstance by which he is as much known to the country as he is by his statesmanship or his spiritualism — I mean his pecuniary relationship to the people of this country. There is one thing in which the supremacy of his ability will be univer sally admitted. He has gigantic genius for indebted ness. ' But is not this genius disproportionately largs for the country ? If he live Ion? enough, he will rule over a nation, not of admirers and friends, but of— creditors 1 Is it safe to have a man of such fatal pecuniary fascinations in a post so eminent, with powers so large, adding to his natural talents tot the procurement of other people's money the irresistible attractions of place and distinction ? You have all read his last schedule ! Was ever anything like.it in the literature of public credulity ? From lordly squatter and humble mechanic — from servant and master— from bankers and poor annuitants — from Government officers— members of the Legisla tive Assembly — from those enjoying, and those expecting, place and preferment were contributions to the marvellous list furnished. The thing reads like Leporello's catalogue of the amours of his wicked master ; or like a parody on the character of that immortal Churchill who would take, with the same grace and the same ingratituda, a million francs from his Imperial Majesty of Franoe and twopence halfpenny from a British drummer-boy. All of us (at least all of us whose names, were not in it) laughed at that schedule. But what will they say of us in England if they find out anything about it ? There they have had for some time an old-world, antiquated, offensively-respectable prejudice against this sort of thing. Tuere they believe in great men paying what they owe. They do not reverence the people who prate morality on public questions and borrow money — which they can never repay. I never wish to say an unkind word of any living creature ; but there are characters so repulsive as to make silence on the part of honest men a crime, and combinations too infamous to make toleration anything but treason against truth. Such a character, and such a combination are now before you. Support one ana ratify the other, and you cover yourself with humiliation, and dishonour the Constitution. 