COURSING. SYDNEY COURSING CLUB. KKCOND MKLTLNG. The June meeting of the Sydney Coursing Club began at. the He! more (\nirsing Park yesterday, and will con clude to-d.iv. Siu.-cesviul as was the first venture of this new body la-t montb, their second effort, taking yester day's showing as a guide, bids fair to prove even more The attendance was good, the sport of a very lugh order, and the lures, on the whole, such clinkers as lo eivc the hesi dog in almost every course every chance of di.-plaving his good points. There were fast nnd clever working "hares in ahnndauee, and though many of the ooures were long and close tussles belweLMi hovmd and aame were uvqueut. "puss" managed to get to covert: in a large majority cf instance, alludt site was sorely prcs-.<al :il liim-s. Jn two ea>cs the dog followed his quarry thromrh l!;e cse-sijvs— a r.Hher unusual oeeurreficv, whicli siys much l'eg.irdiitg Ihe diiniuutiveuoss of (he lioumls n-i'errcd to; Ltdy J.ee was one of them. Tin? 1 1 1 a tia :;t 'iiiv! it , in the h.unis of Mr, Hany Moyse (.seevolary of tli.- piomoting club) ami Mr. Cltarles banger (reere- loi-v ot' the Behmrre Corn-sing I'ark syndie.ile), backed up bv an cm-rgetie committee, left nothing wanting. Tnough the weather was dull and cloudy (ideal coursing conditions) all day, it was not by any means unpleasant. A lew slight nhowrr.s fell, but not enough to make one uncomfortable. Altogether, 5S courses were run, and there were perhaps not more than a doroii (if aa many) kills right through the day. There was a much larger attendance of bookmakers than usual, and compet.it ion consequently being very keen, backers were able to gvt. "on" at- a 'more salistaetory price than is generally the ea-e, and as the favorites were much in evidence, layers of odds to a man finished tip with a balance on the wrong fide ef the !edg< r. Slipper Tvompp was well tip to the 1 mirk, and the judge (Mr. J. O'(.Y.nnell), though having some exceedingly cbvo ihiugs lo decide, gave general satisfaction, and was very prompt in showing the flag. Others of tlu? workers who rendered good service were Messrs. AVardall (slip ktt ward), J. 15. M'Mahon Ghig siesvavtl), and T. Olip.hant ( field steward). The programme will., be concluded to day, starling at: 11 o'clock sharp. In addition to tlio euiiiimulimi and conclusion of (he Canterbury, FenihUI, ami Ktiilcld Stakm, a lm-mbors' st:ik«? is to goifc through, so that « capital bill of fare may be relied upm, = Trains leave BedtVrn at 10.20 a.m. ami 12.20 and 2.20 p.m. The Jii>t. bracx ot hounds should bu in. slifrt not later than 11 a.m. shan. Herald and Paiti (in Uie Canterbury Stakes for 52 nil- aged) started Die ball rolling. Herald led up anil turned; then Patti got in for a while, and a good course resulted in Mr. While's black bitch homing the flag. Bazx-kt? was first up from Myeo to a l>eauLiful bare, which Its! tho h»nmd a merry dance, and then got. away. Myeo ihw.'V scored a point. Llewellyn started a 3 lo 4 on favorite against A'omniercial, but: was hopelessly out of the hunt from llie jump. Marecbal Neil had no hIiow ut all against Bird of Paradise, who did all the work, and killed. Magpie proved a deal too good for Nun Nicer, despite the fact tliat l>o fell heavily once. Quambi was never in it with BlyUn-sil ile, who killed in fin?? style ut the top of the lull.' Mailltov gave Lyddite (2 to I on) a pretty close call in a good course, but Lyddite's mlvant- j age, gainetl at the lHgintiing, -proved a little too much to 1 wipe hut. Kihiior ry bad u very soft thing with Juiy . Let?, whosi' entry slrould netvr luve bc?v« accepted. I/-\v Wisely and Mischief supplied a rare up the cnehuro after a strong hare, with L>ve AVisely very much in front. Ann Devlin and itnttler— the former favorite — weiv ro- » |K)usible for a great, o.nle-t ; Ann reached the game by a length or two, ami proceeded to pile, on point when she fell. Battler jumping over her. Alternate scoring on both side.? brought Battler very clo:«\ l>uf. tin? bitch killed and won. Sunri'o (5 to 1 on) and Pathfinder were rent, after a speedy hare. The comparative work shown didn't justify Sum-bo's position in the betting. A give- and-take courv resulted in such fl close tiling (despite tin? fact of Sunrise killing) that most p<T>ple thought Pathfinder had won, but. it esoapml tlwir utU-ntion that when Patljfinder got in it. was mostly through Sunrise's wi>rk. Six to one wa laid on Dummy <igain?t Ilogati's Gho-T. and the relative merits of the dogs, as ex hibited, justified those odds. In tho fir>t. tie. Hnzeho and Herald were npix??-! to each other and d5d some good work. Bareke won. CAimutcr eial Had little trouble with liird of Paradise. Magpie (ia!:e 2 to 1) and Blythr.sdale treaU'd tlie onlookers to a long eonm-, which was all Magpie's. BlvtlKxlab? got in once on juitreranee. Kiltnony (a 4 to 1 on favorite) went under badly to Lyddite. He showed little or no life, which was remarkable seeing that he won ro bril liantly in the first round. Ann Devlin and D>v«> Wisely' was a gruelling match. Doth had several turns ill tlie game before Ann killed and won, Sunrise led up from Melalgia and killed without letting the latter have a look' ill. A lot. of money went, on Blurb ami Darkness, who were favorites alternately for the first course in ths Fcrnhlll Stakes, Darkncs-s lasting the longer. Tiiey were re- based to a poor hare, and Blurb getting himself toge ther first caught and killed the game within 100yds., Darkness being ivrhaps a length behind. Lord Tennys-m and Jaroogu wm» aluirt and sweet. The former reached puss first, and turned, then Jartxvra sltot out and kilksl (piicklv. Lord Tennyson won. Propeller brat Spy ivnd Gap b'opelessiy, while Fairlight II. luwl just as easy a job with Kiorj. In the first ties backers laid 2 to 1 on J»rd Tennyson against Bluch, but the latter's color went up after a long e-oiirae, thronirhout which ho ae<jnit.(«xl himrolf rplendidly. Fairlight carried Ills su|»pt)rters through in fine Ktyle against Propeller, notwithstanding tlu? latter's kill, Misty Bain and My Queen opened the Knfield Stakes?, and the former heat her opponent pointless. Miss Harlan and Peppermint were favorites in turn, but.. Hid latter Btaiycd the longer. A good cotirsi? rrsultnl in favor of MiF.s Haitian, who t-l inched matters In killing. Good Nevvs (a fl to 4 on favorite) was not quite good enough for Itm- na, who credited herself with the kill. Lily of the Wrot beat. Fannie \V. in n rather near thing. Li Carabine (3 to I on) and Sweet Marie finished up f>o oloroly that tho jndgo could not separate them, but in the run-off La Carabine warn convincingly. Dewy Morn luul no trouble with Gas'-undrn, and the twine may be said of Ouckno agaiiusL Waratah 1L CariKiibna defeated Winnie handsomely. In tiu? jli-st. ties Mbs Hanltui had ft f«w points the better of Mb4y Bain. Lily of the West accounted for Itowena nie'ely, and Lu Carabine put Cuckoo dowti despite Cuckoo having led un ami turned. Dewj Morn and Carlttiinii proviiled as close a go as any during the dav, and Oarissima seemed to win, but Hie judgu knew better. His Verdict was iu favor of Dewy Morn. Be- S"tV.ntcrbury- Stakes.— First round: Herald beat rulti, Baz.'ko beat Jtiycc, Commereial beat Llewellyn, Bird of Paradise liout Mareehal Neil, Magpie beat Nun Nicer, Bh-Ust-siIalc beat Qiuimbl, Lyddite beat Mailboy, Kil- morev beat Lady Lee, Ijovc Wisely heat Mischief, Aim Devliu beat Rattler, Sunrise l«'at Pathtlndei, Dummy beat. IIogan'K Ghost, Melalgia a bye. First Ties.— Bawke l>oat Herald, Connneretnl beat. Bird of Paradise, Mag))ie beat Blythes.dale, Lyddite b«ai. Kibnotev, Ann Devlin lh?at ix»vo Wisely, Sunri'.-O beat MeUlgift, Dummy a bye. Fernhill Stakes.— Firot round: Bluch bent Harknes, Tcnnvson beat JurrHiga, ITojvcIler heat Spy «i.d Cop, Fail Tight IL bnt Kiora. First Tits. — Bluch Lxtt I»rd Tennyson, Fairlight beat Propeller. Enfield Stakes,— Misty Bain beat My Queen, Mirs Hanlar. beat Pepix.nmnt, Bowona beat (food News, Lily of tlic West beat Fanny W„ Lt airaldm; beat Su-eet Marie, Dewy Morn beat Ikugawlru, Cuckoo beat WiUMLh, Cariwdmu L-ut Winnie. First Ties. — Miss Hunlan beat Misty Bain. Lily of the West beat Bor.-cna, La Carabine beat Cuckoo, IXnvy Morn lniat (VupKlnia. L-.hI nigltt soulfng over the Individual courses took place at the Metropolitan Hotel, after which Un; caid was rend over on tlu? Members' Stakes, tho Otuu All ured Stakes, and the other events Lo be decided to-day. There was verv limited speculation. 'Lite draw for tacit of the nlK»ven;imed stakes was an follows:— Mcmbeis' Stake.— K. H. Burns lis hk and w d Sund- ford, Clonkeifv— Mavilower v. B. Goombis ns hk Mid w l; p Yvett'e, Goldsntith— Flora; B. Stahl ns bk b Gr.dlda, Goldsmith— Flora v. — Dcuehy's bk and w b Jil.ina, Donative— Disowned; 15. II. lleppoll m bk d Smib-r, Singlctax— Kllmorna v. Dr. Canum't! r or f b GclfLinlth Maid, Goldsmith— Flora; H. Moyso m r d Winter's Blast, Licorice— Wintry Morn v. U. G. Brc- leton's f d Tom Liekoy, Uncle Tom— Lilv ol Uie Vale. Open AII-arihI Stakes.— H. II. Buri|sr bk and w b Mveo, Inkeraian— Port of Royalty v, J, O'Biien'/t f and \v d Sonny M'Grath, Melos— Flosw; J- By:m« f d Galtee Bov. Orphan Bo v— Welfare v. JL BrlRgfi' bk b Bludon's Gift llnrkaway— Baioiu?«>; J. Cunningham's bk ami w d Darknras, Darkii—'JVimnvar v. L\ GrifllHis' I and w d Luhinrar, Lunbrrscat— Little Wonder; B. llowarth'a bk and w d Blnndin, .Melos— Coquctto V. II. Mojrc rui br d Sailor, Snowdrop — Heather. In addition the concluding Uiab for the three atakca begun icslerday. will make up ft good day's sport, and there will nl.-o be ii Consolation Stake. On the Fern-hill Stakes there was spirited hotting, .CI 50 to X100 being laid on Bluch to win tho slake. 