: NATURAL WORsSHIP. (By Charles Gore, M.A., Canon of West minster.) Preached in Westminster Abbey on Sunday, March 11. 'Thou shalt not make unto thce a graven image, nor the likeness of any form that is in heaven above, or tliat is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth; thou shalt not bow down thyself unto them, nor serve them; for I the Lord thy God am a jealous God, visit ing the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them tlyrt irnte Mpr and Klinwine- mnrnv unto a thousand generations of them that love Me and keep My commandments.'— Exodus xx., i — 6. Israel was forbidden to make any symbol of God. And why? It was to keep them from nature-worship. The Canaanites round about them worshipped Baal under tflie symbol of the ox; the Phoenicians wor shipped Astarbes under the symbol of the cow, and these were only representations of what was happening among all the nations of the world almost without ex ception. They worshipped the force, the poWer, the life in Nature, iand the force, the life in Nature is not moral. Tfaey wor shipped, therefore, natural things as they are, life as it is. And the Nature-worships of the world, whether in Syria in old days, or in Rome, or in Greece, or in India to-day, these Nature-worships have no moral value; they are simply the wor ship of physical life. But Israel was to worship a God who was not such. The God or Israel was a moral ruler, the Crea tor of all forms of life, but to be identi fied with none, ruling all things, and men in particular, by His power and faoly will. And, in fact, Israel was at llast lifted up to the true worship of God, after many lapses. tWe know itihe hd'story of the gokfem calves, tihiaJt is, the little bulte which were set up an'd worshipped In the iwjnthem Jsmgdoxn as false symbols of Je hovah. We kniow the strong irons'- and eon tempt which laaialh pours upon the idola ters as he contemplates them, first of all growing the tree and then going through a31 the mechanical processes which served to fashion- it and to decorate it; iu his irony 'he describes 'tflie process, how with part o£ the tree 'thdy make the fire, they bake their bread, they warm themselves. Thtey say, Aha, I am warm, I have seen 'the fire atfd the residue thereof. They make the god. They know not, neither do they consider, for He (hath 'sihut their eyes that they cannot see and their heambs fliiat they cannot undierstomd, amd- none eaillebh to mind, neither is 'there knowledge nor un derstanding to say, I have burned part of it in the fire, yela, with part of it I have baked bread upoffi the coals thereof, I have roasted fledh arud ?eaten it, alnd shall I make the residue tharetof a god? Shall. I fell down to the stock of a tree? He feedeth on ashes; a deceived heart hiath turned hiin aside that he cannot deliver his soul nor say, Is there not a lie in my right hand?' Aral all *bia teaching tihrougta the Son and through the prophets at last tool? effect. Through Israel thetfe was secured for all the wwrld the worship of the time God. St. John sums it up in those three j memoraMe phrases: — God fe Light — that is, pure, stainless, diffusible goodness; God is Spirit— that is, activity, rational, con scious, free, raised above the limitations and the gwssneris of material things; and, above all, God is Love. So the true wor ship was secured for all the nations of the world. 'God ia Spirit, and they tihat wotv dhip Him must worship Him in spirit and in trutfh, for the Father seekefh such to be His worshippers.' And when that was setoured, then the stress against the crea tion of any images or forms or representa tions to-f material things was relaxed, for God had manifested Himfse'lf in the form of our human nature. He had moved among men, so that they might sete Him and contemplate Him and touch Him and handle Him. i Therefore, a Clmstian heart might begin' to fashion itself. In thle Jewish temple, with the exception of the mysterious forms of the Cherubim, which were concealed in the total dark-' neas of thle* most holy place, tliere were no representations. Now Oiristiaai art began to form itself. It was first chiefly symbolical in those lovely representations of Christ as the Good Shepherd, which touched tdie hearts of 'the first Clwistians. Later on, it be ?caane more realistic. We have the innu miei*Alble (tyi))es of the Holy Mother, of the Divine Child. We 'have the pictures of Christ's earthly life. We have the crucifix lalid' the innumerable representations of Christ upon the cross. Probably you feel Tvitlh me that if we had fhe worst will in the world we could not identify ainy special Divine power or fjrace with any particular representation of God or of Christ in any of His acts or aspects, l'rob ably we feel that the least satisfactory part of Christian art is that in wliich it has . endeavored to pourtray for us the counte nance and aspect of the Redeemer of Man ??kind, of the Incarnate Son of God. But if that be so, i'f our danger of idola 'try in that particular direction is slight, or even nope at all at the present moment, we are not 'therefore at .'ill ptrowing out of itihe danger of idolatiy in its broadea* aspect and meaning. For what is idolatry? It ia me _ worshipping of something other flhan God, or -che worshipping of God otherwise than as He truly is. Brethren, we must worship. The lieart eff man is so cons'tructed itha't he cannot remain; eelf-oonltained. We are always ris ing up into an attitude of admiration or fwora!hap bf somet/htng bigger ot gretxiter than ourselves. Think of Ihc man oi busi ness, who Is a mere man of business, as be presents himself to uu iu America or in England — the man of business who is, I afay, a mere man of business. fie Ia not merely fenj^&ifsed; (a tbo maaMng of money for hims»lf) there raows up also In his mind something whldh obviously carries him quite beyond lute own mere need. He beteotaeai en tranced in that vast machinery, itihat vast- intricate, and complex mftcjhinery of mo dern business. He worships that great machine, he ?worships business; it becomes the idol enthroned truly upon the. altar of his heart, this admiration, his powers, his faculties. Consider the youth of our country; how truly in many cases they worship physical and abhletical prowess. It is !t3ie ruling object of their thoughts, of Itheir ambi tions, of flheir desires, of their admirations. It ireally holds the first place; it is 'their idol— they worship it. Within 'the last few days we have all 'been rejoicing in the ex traordinary and spontaneous exhibition of devotion and loyalty towards our good Queen. In part it is admiration for her gracious 'character, the character of 'heir who is so true a mother ttf her great peopfle and 'her great Empire. And that admiration and- veneration is .wholly good. It has made tike blop^-run' cfuieker in the pulses -of every 5nie of us this week pa-si. But more't4ian/ that, the Queen sltands, as no one else could stand, for our nation, and our Empire, and our enthusiastic loyalty to 'the Queen ms&ns; our enithusjastic feeling for our country. Ah, brethren, there are few things better in human naiture Uhan patriotism! Patriotism burnt in the heart of a Jeremiah, of a St. t*aul. Patriotism was in the human 'heart of our Lord Him self. Patriotism, ttie love of our coun try: — Br«atlw-s there a man with soul so dead, Who never to himself hath said, This is my own, my native land? This happy breed of men, this little worldV Mijg predous stone set in a silver sea, This land of such dear souls, This dear, dear land. But holiest things have vilest uses. That enthusiasm :'or the expansion of the Em pire, 'that devdt'ion to the flag, may be what inspires the noblest self- sacrifice. It may foe a vulgar idolatry of our own imre genera'ted selves with all our capacities for nobility, and with all our iniseraible limifaations an'd defilementB. Patriotism, the worship of the flag, only too easily we all know it, becomes one o'f the many forms of human idolatry. And 90, in fact, there are multitudes or images which we to-iday are raising in tfie various plains of the provinces of our Empire, great golden images; it may be business, or money, or intellectual greatness, or social success, or physical prowess, or na'tionai strength and greatness— it may be any of these things; but the golden idols are being set up, and the satraps and the judges and the gover nors aritmbe sheriffs and the rulers of the provinces are summoned to swell the pomp of the great idols, and the cornets and the fluteis and tflje harps and the sack buts and 'the dulcimers and psalteries and all kinds of music are brought to gether to add tOiwr glamor to what is, after all, what Isa'iah , calls it, The lie in our right (hand. But idokhy is also' the worsnip of God otherwise than, feus He truly is. We bear of llfli-e Boers tihat they ane'Calvinists, that they believe God has His elect people, amongst whom are they, but that the man of dark color, the Kaffirs, and bhe Maita beles anld the Zulu belong not to the Son of God, ta-nd never can, tout belong to an outcast amd alien ra.ee exempt from that brot)hestoo-ad. - That is idioilahrj'; it is the wosv?hip, if mot of another God. then of God otherwise than as He truly is. It is not the worship of Him who dficd that all men might be delivered and conic to the knowledge of the truth and 'brought into that brotherhood in,1 which is neither Jew nor Greek, Barbarian, Scythian, bond nor filee, but Christ all and an all. It is idolatry. Or, when our nio'denn shoirt sigih'ted unlirersalishn will have it, in spite of a!ll the Bible and' the New Testament 'and Christ Hiiniself says about eternal juds-menlt — when this shoirt ?sighted universSalian will have it that it must come right with all men at the last, however they choose to behave or resist tftoe light o'f God, when ii3ius they would have a n^erely good-natured God, mercy without judgment — once more, that is idolatry. It is the 'worship of God other wise than as in fact He ha-s shown Him self, whether in the inexorable severities oi Nnture or in tftie rrevelation, which is grern as well as loving, tlu'oug'h the words and deeds and judgments of Jesus of Naza reth. Brethren, then do not think that if you are not prone to worship a wood or a golden idol that ''therefore ^iou are at all exempt from this broadly human peril, for worshipping something eltee -fern God, or worshipping God otherwise than in fact He is. Nay, cross-question yourselves nar rowly. What is it, in. fact, that is en throned in your heart? What is it, in fact, towards which is directed your real aspira tions, your thoughts, your activities of in telletet, your will, your desire? What, what are you really worshipping? For that ancient word of warning is still true— God ib a jealous God. Because He i's God, therefore He must claim the place of supremacy in the heart and life of every one. 'God is a jealous God,' so it was said to Israel. 'He visits the sins of the fathers upon the children unto the third and foui-tlh generation of them that hate Him.' That word was spoken in an early stage of Israel's education. In those days they had not yet realised the meaning of individuality. Ihe individual was simp ly a part of the nation; he lived in the nation's life. They had no notion of a personal life extending in its activity and its realisation beyond death. The indi vidual lived in the life of the nation, and was punished in tne life of the nation, in the succession of t'lie generation. But what God then revealed to them is still true; God does visit the sins of the fathers upon the children. You cannot fail to see it. The sins of the drunkard, the sins of the unclean liver, tne lesser and less conspicu ous sins as they drag behind have their baneful effects from generation to genera tion. It is so because God has made us not separate and isolate individuals, but bound us together in tHie unity of the life of nations and of churches. Uod, because He rules us as social beings, as He has created us, does visit t/he sins of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate Him. And so truly idolatry still in its broadest signification still spells national declension, and at the last national ruin. It is only so Jong as the ruling heart and mind of a nation is set on God ?that the true moral amd so ultimately political strength of the nation can be upheld ana maintained. But 'we know more about God now. Men learned more through the teaching of the Jewish prophet; they learned it most of all through Jesus Christ. We know more about individuality and God's equity. We know now that God looks on each individual with an absolute equity, in the light of all Ma circum pbtaces: .tfhat He expects little of those to whom little is given, and mucfk of those to whom much is given. He has eternity in which to reverse all the seetaing injus tices of this world. But still here then In the region or this individual lite still the law is trpe; idoktiry means moral ana per sonal mun. rWheA paint tWlin desonbes the city of Gou me Ibaikes upon Ha lips itfie language of Isaiah, ioj? Ike describes that perfected ?city ia the language of thai over living ? and glorious symbolism of building and of light. And when he has done the description he turns to the picture of those who are outside. And outside of Chat city of God, outside, incapable of being admit ted, are all those who hare loved and made a lie. And why? Because we grow like to that which we worship. It is in evitably so. Whatever is enthroned upon the altar of our hearts assimilates us to itself. Whether it be. the true object, or whether it be one of those many lies or violations of the truths which take the place of God, be it God or be it an idol, what we woreJiLp fashions us into its own likeness; we 'become gradually and inevit ably like it, and if the object be a false obg'eot, then we become through the whole fabric of ' our being gradually unlike God. And those who are unlike God can nob — through any Divine alchem3% because God rules us by moral laws — cannot but be outside the city of God. But we 'turn from the negative to the positive. It is only by worshipping what is true that you can expel out of your hearts the worship of what is false. That could mot be better said than in a letter which Robert Louis Stevenson wrote 'to his mother when he was about 30 years old. 'I wonder,' he wrote, 'if you or my father ever thought of the obscurity which, lies upon human duty from the negative form in 'which the Ten Commtodmients are stated, or of how Christ was continually substituting affirma tion. Thou shalt not' is but an example. 'Thou shalt'- is the la.w of God. It was tihis that seems meant in the phrase fcliat 'not one jot or tittle «f iJhe law should pass.' (But what led me to the remark is this, a kind of black angry loot goes with, rfihat statement of the law of negative. To love one's neighbor as oneself, on the other hand, is certainly much easier. It states lifie so much more actively, gladly, and kindly that you can begin to see some pleasure in it. Until you can see some ple'asure in. these h'ard choices and bitter necessities, where is 'there any good news to men? It is much more important to do right than not to do wrong. Further, the one is possible; the other has always been and will ever be impossible. And the fiaithful design to do right is what God accepts and will perfect, and that seems to me to be the Gospel, and that was how Christ delivered us from the law.' That is very sound theology. And so it is with the Second Commandment. You can only avoid idolatry by being at the greatest pain, trulv. and as He is, to worship God. So it was that Israel was enabled to keep itself from idolatry 'by laws and guidance given through the law and prophets about the true worship, by which it was gradually led up to the worship in spirit and in truth. Only by the worship of the true can you expel the worship of the false. You must have in your mind the thought of God as He trul}r has revealed Himself, tha't God whose power is mani fested in all 'the manifold forces of Nature, whose orderly working is revealed in its laws, whose beauty is part concealed and part revealed in all t)he glories of Nature, in its vase expanses and its tender and delicate details, whose moral character is perpetually showing itself in the judg ments on nations, in the warning and terrors of eonsciamce, whose whole mind and heart has been manifested in Jesus Christ. We are put at paline to think about it, and to think 'about it in order thait we may worship Him. What is worship? To worAip is to bow oneself in utter and lowly submission before God as we quietly in our hearts put ourselves tin His presence, to bow ourselves in utter and lowly submission, for in this lowliness utter submission lie's, and alone lies, the true dignity of our human nature. It is to approach Him with humble confes sion of our sins, really confessing with a true desire to sepaiiate ourselves' from them, all the iniquities and violations ot' His law and unfaitMuInesa (to our con science of which we ihlave been guilty; to worship Him, tihat i.=, to lift up our puri fied hearts in His presence, and in the strength of Jesus, our Master and our Brother, in the power of the Spirit which He 'has given, via, to appixsaclli Him. with persistency iand quiet supplication, open ing the d'ay by consecrating ourselves to His service in our manning prayer, closing it by bringing ourselves back imto the har mony and peace of God. Worship! It ia to approach God in the large, bioad liuaa of thief Lond's Prayer, for others as well as fon.1 ourselves, for all fhe great purposes of t-lve kingdom and of the world — . 'Hallowed be Thy name,' as in heaven so on earth— 'Thy kingdom come,' a-s in heaven so on earth— 'Thy will be done,' as in heaven so on earth. Worship. It is to thank God for all the innumerable benefits of nature, of spirit which He has bestowed upon us, truly to tfliank Him for all that is involved in the disclosure of that great name of the Father and of the Sou and of bhe Holy Ghost. Worship. It is to 'adore Him; praising Him, not for any or all of the good things which He has done to us merely, lout because in His own transeendant and eternal being He- is so altogether admirable and altogether lovely ''We praise Thee, we bless Thee, we give thanks to Thee, for Thy great glory.' Wor ship. Brethren, our Book of Common Prayer, with its Psalms, with its Collect, with its Litany, with its Te Deum, with its Liturgy, presents us truly with an example which* we can never exhaust of all the forms and modes of worship. But it is a very practical question itaow much of our real pains are being devoted to making ourselves acquainted with that language, how much are we learning rhii? capacity for approaching God and hold ing communion with Him. Do you say you find it so hard to say your pruyere, that you no sooner begin it than every variety of thought flashes into your mind, and1 you seem to realise nothing except the vagaries of your own imagination: -and your incapacity to restrain your thoughts? Of course it is hard to learn to pray; it is hard to learn to worship; it is hard to learn, all those grealfc arts which constitute the real dignity of ?what is human. Yes, it ie hard, but it is 'possible. It is hard tc grow into the likeness of eternity under forms of time— Juard, but it is possible. All down the Christian ages the testi mony is the same. H you' wall only persevere in1 taking trouble about prayei and 'worship, public and private, at the last you will win success, imperfect «uc cess, in this life; hut you will be schooled to beoo'me acquainted witih 'that -which is the central, and chief pai-t of the eternial life of the spirit in Goa. And, finally, only, so, only by leai- ning to worship can; you be mAde free. Brethren, let your imagination roam afield a momenlt amid contemplate the awful Giavoo in 'thiti human life of ours, contemplate the ruin of wandering bjjfe lawless atid uncon- trolled, aft they violate and defile this life of outo, the hidttous ravages of lust and tyranny1 ? oi, piiWfo ? opinion as it doinin.' ates ineji ijaJH, wiikies 'them M'w'ards Jx- their best selves and drives them to the abrogation of what in their quiet moment of thought they know to be fcheir bes't selves, contemplate this mis erable slavery of our human naiture, en slaved to its fellow men. enslaved to its own lower and baser lusts and appetites and vagaries. How shall it be redeemed in this nature of our.*? You know in your hearts tihat the pitiable excuse that all this miserable and degraded life is natural, is verily a lie. No, we are not animals with some spark of spirit attached in some vague way as a mere accidental appendix to our nature. 'No, the animals have their appetites and their physical control, but in this human nature of ours every animal faculty is in tended to be controlled by .spirit; if it is not Controlled bj* spirit it becomes lawless and destructive. It is the degradation of our nature ifhfct the spirit and the spiritual faculties should be dragged a'c the charior wheeil-s of animal impulse. Our human actions are meant to express a really human purpose in the region- of the physi cal Wfe. Only where the lusts and appe tites are controlled by spirits, as the spirit ia directed by the Government of God, only there is freedom. Then, I ask you, Hdw can we wi'th our irregular and law less lusts, with the power of worldlihess and public opinion, how cun we 'be made free? I answer, In one way only, by wor shipping God. To worship is to keep our selves in correspondence with. God; it is to reinforce our spiritual faculties by the con sckri mes* ot1 his presence, by tine lioly fel lowship of His love and of His goodness. Then we can become free; then we can worship God in ^pirlt, with the real faculties of our being, in truth, that is, as He. really is; and the spiritual force? of God come in to reinforce our spiritual n'alture, «o that in the moment of tempta tion God and His Spirit are near us, and we dimv the Divine force lyitn which we have become familiar into our very life amd etand free over oui appetites, our lu^ts and the tyranny of the world about us— free because we arc Godlike, Godlike because 'we worrihir. God and1 are fcuniliar with. Him in that holy oommuniohi ?which. Worship &? (Brethren, we are meaait for worship, You abrogate your true liberty, yov violate your true nature, you lose youi true flouls, youfc selves unless you art really giving ^lomje share of your besi n:gy, to thi ?Worship of God as H( y. iq. On5y by ?WOTghippmg Go( dan you escape the miserable doom p idolatry and tb,& idolater, but if you wil ae't yourselves 'bo worship, then, truly yoi may have your share in' thai't wliich enables men to enter into the heritage oJ the eternal life and the city of God. Then you may have your share in that great anitfhem of the redeemed, thait great anlbhem of humanity as it recognises that truly it is meet, right, and our pleasure, no less than our bo linden duty, together to Quote the glory that is sung, 'Blessing and glory and wisdom and thanksgiving and honor and power and might be unto our God' for ever and ever.' Worthy is the La(mb that has been- slain to receive the power, and tdie riclies, and the wisdom, and the miglht, and the honor, and the glory, and the blessing. For Thou wast skin, and hast redeemed .us to God by Thy blood, out of every kingdom and tongue, and people and nation, and hasft made us unto our God a kingdom of priests, and we AiaU reign with a true lumati sovereignty, because we have leivrned 'to worship ; we shall reign mpon, the earth! The city Town Hall presented a gor geous spectacle on Thursday week. The Chrysanthemum Show in connection with the 8. A. Horticultural and Florieultural Society was opened at 1 o'clock, and in the main hall were arranged a series of tables, on which the blooms of the season were displayed to great advantage. Chrysanthemum growing has during late years become a popular hobby, and the possibilities of the 'Star of. the East' appear to be almost inex haustible. New varieties are continually being developed and the older sorts im proved. Last week's show compared favorably with any of its predecessors as to quality, variety, and number of exhibits. There was, however, a falling off In the pot plants, which were neither numerous nor of iexcep tional merit. The Iblooms were ar ranged on long tables running east and west, while in front of the platform a fine collection, of palms, ferns, foliage, and ornamental plants, interspersed with' floral embellishments, was arranged -with, great taste. One of the most interesting features of the show was' to bo found in tlhe banqueting-room. It consisted ot com petitivedeeora'ted dinner-tables. Therawero 15 entries, and' the judges must have m\xad the task of allotting the four prizes offered very difficult. Lightness, elegance, grace, and artistic anvwigewient were evident Sbroughoufc. The room had been darkened for the purpose of giving additional effect to 'bhe table illuminations. The scene ;w-asi altogether charming, and ladies especially were appreciative of the fairy-like app«a»« ance of the hall. : 