REMINISCENCES. BUSH EXPERIENCES IN THE NORTH. RACY ANECDOTES AND CHIPPY COMMENTS. [BY ROBERT BRUCE.] CHAPTER XIX. (continued). Well, I struggled on with that shearing till early, one morning I was agreeably surprised to see a couple of men arrive from Warcowie, where they had 4 cut out,' who actually wanted employment, with this proviso, however, that they were to get shear ing stands directly the second floor was completed, for be it known only the board at one side was finished when we started to shear. I never did like to make any promise that I was doubtful about being able to per form, and so I told the men I would not promise anything, and they on their part seemed determined not to start to work unless I did. However, after a good deal of confabulation they agreed to my terms, and so I told them to slip down to the kitchen, get something to eat, and hurry back As those men would relieve me of the yarding and branding, nearly two men's ordinary work, 1 went on wool rolling, and at the same tima con structed shining castles in the air till it suddenly occurred to me that those fellows must be slow feeders, or else had reconsidered the matter and were not coming back. The last supposition was maddening, and as suspense would heighten, the trouble I descended so suddenly on a shearer and hustled him into the wool-rolling that he had no time to think, much less object, and consequently I was half way to the kitchen before be fully realised the situation. As for myself, I just arrived at my destination in time to greet one of the defaulters as be issued, swag on back, from the kitchen, his mate having preceded him by a few minutes. 4 Here! where are you going V en quired I politely. 4 Down the road,' replied he laconically. 4 Oh,' said I, 41 thought you had engaged with me to work in the shed.' 4 Yes, if you promised us stands, and we're not going to stay without you do !' he said defiantly. •41 did not promise you stands, but I will promise you a good hiding if you do not go to the shed at Once and turn to, so don't make any mistake,' I said, for my friend's cool impudence had heated my temper to boiling point. 4 Oh, if that's your little game I'm ready,' he jauntily replied, at the same time slipping off his swag and squarring up to me, but the next instant I had got inside his guard, given him. one, two, and three, which landed him against the kitchen wall, and then before he could recover him self I had given several more warm ones on his jaw, which made him break away and run off in too great a hurry to think about his swag. ' Be cripes, sorr, ye did that nate,' observed old Tim, the shearers' cook, who had been a light-weight pug in his time. 'He'll be off his feed for one while, an' maybe he'll know his own mind another time.' One friend having so suddenly departed I had leisure to think about paying some little attention to the other, but he was on his way, double quick, to Wonoka, and merely replied ungraciously 4 No thank you, when I kindly invited him to come back and take his share of the entertainment. Well, he was a good two huidred yards away, and so as I had plenty of other things to do I did not run after him, but returned to my fleece-rolling. As for the man I had'amused, I know that he sat under a bush for an hour or so holding his face in his hands while he chewed the cud of sweet and bitter fancies, after which the kindly hearted cook carried him his swag and a good 4 dhrink af tay.' Anyhow, neither he nor his mate came near me for years, and as Tim duly reported the results of the little 'mill,' with sundry embellishments, to the shearers I lost the chance of many a nice sneer and piece of impertinence, which doubtless had otherwise been mine. Well, I slaved away in none the best of humors till dinner time, when just as I ran down to the kitchen in order to snatch a hasty mouthful of mutton and damper, who should ride up but my worthy employer, who of course had heard all about what had occurred, and then, with a severe expression of countenance, began to; reprimand me for having brutally abused a peaceable traveller, <bc., &c.; For an instant 1 was too taken back to^ speak, but then, like the chamelion of veracious story, I found a tongue, and in a few t xpressive sentences told my boss, what I thought of his be havior, and concluded my little im provised address by inviting him to dismount and try what I was made of himself. Well, that nearly fetched him all right, but not feet foremost. No, he nearly rolled off old Jack during a paroxyism of cachination that I was apprehensive would have a fatal apoplective ending, so in spite of myself 1 roared too, and all ended happily, for we were at once the best of friends, and things, at least for a time, were no better than before. Ah, my friends, a good laugh is the best penance for most troubles. And if a fellow, no matter if in pants or petticoats, possesses even a micro scopical bump of humor that fellow can generally see something ludicrous in the worst affliction, and then a laugh like the most potent of patent medicines dissipates it in one act. When trouble with Satanic grin To harras you may try, Beware of brandy, beer, or gin, And do not pipe your eye. But if an ally, staunch, you'd find Misfortune to defy, Just try a laugh, when from your mind . The mocking fiend will fly. Well, that shearing, as all sublunary things must, came to an end at last, and I believe the wool taken off was nearly as c ean as it was before the sheep were scoured. That was the time when so many sheep farmers all over Australia were going in for snow white scoured wool, but we, not possessing the necessary scouring plant, had simply washed some thousands of the Arkaba sheep in a small deep waterhole in the bed of the creek. Perhaps I should not have mentioned that sheep-washing business had it not led up to a most amusing incident, which happened as follows One scorching day, about a month Mter shearing had been concluded, Frank M. and J, when returning hot and thirsty from a long ride, suddenly came to the conclusion that a bogy in the waterhole would be highly refresh ing, and the next instant, fmd by a noble spirit of emulation worthy tf a couple of schoolboys, we were racing for the peJucid goal of our desires, had simultaneously leaped from our horses, peeled in the twinkling of an<^ di^ed into the sacred tank of the temple of Clocina, banded down from hoary antiquity for our especial benefit, or I'm greatly mistaken. It was lovely, and yet we did not linger in that semi fluid 1 ath long enough to become surfeited with delight. Ho we emerged with, if possible, a1 greater celerity than that which had characterised our unconsidered entry and then, enveloped in a thick' yelowish brown slime, dashed like a brace of maniacs over the hot creek stones in order to defile all the water we met with, and this we succeeded in doing even beyond our widest hopes and still retained sufficient assafoe detta, or whatever it was, to scent the Southern Ocean. Yes; we were I nosegays, and had Mark Twain been aroused at the time he would have thought ^ very meanly of bis own aroma, when, years afterwards, he was being slowly reduced in size by the Turkish bath man. Some poets praise the sweet perfume Fxaled by rose in early bloom, And some will sing of subtle altar In vogue where Turkish blouris patter, While others may perchance prefer lhe fragrance of sweet lavender But O, our smell would shame a chunk Of scent distilled by Woodland skunk And he who'd crave for sniff the second A very glutton might be reckoned. Certainly Prank and I had got more than enough of it, and therefore S as odors were so equally divided one could not envy or otherwise the other, lhat scent was fairly effervescent however, for e'er a month had elapsed we might have mixed in polite society (out of doors, of course), with out anything very outrageous being noticed. Still, I'd advise my gfcntle readers not to dive into a stagnant sheep wash unless hermetically screwed into a diving dress,[to be thrown over board directly it is taken off. Some of my (knowing readers may say, 1 Those two idiots could never have dived into that cesspool with their eyes open, not to speak of their noses.[ But we did, and the cnly way in which I can account for the fact is that it was, vulgarly speaking, a put up job of Master Frank's, who, know ing what a mess that waterhole was in, while I did not owing to a month's absence, proposed the before-mentioned scratch race, and then, for fear that the slightest hesitation on his part might spoil the joke, carried his diving dissemulation so far that it resolved itself into an actual fact, which landed him in the trap he had so* cunningly devised for me. Of course I cannot be certain as to the correct ness of the above premises, for Frank carried the tecret, and almost the scent of it, to his grave. 0 Frank, if we in empty space Should meit each other face to face, As flitting spirits, ghosts, or spooks, 1 may not know you by your looks ; And so I guess, as words will be With us an unknown quantity, I'll recognise you by the smell We, while in life, remembered well. But ah ! should all its sweet bouquet Remain, we'll find it far too gay, And from each other fly as if 'Twere second death to take a sniff, And so I trust, mine ancient friend, That with this life all smells may end. 