THE MOUNTAIN MAIL. [Contributed.] ' What timo will you start for Batlow, Billy ?' ' Half-past three, I s'poso. All depends on the time th' other mail gets in. Y'know this blanky train gets in whatever time it pleases to Gundagai — runs on a dead level with steam up and can't get in to time. It gives me a sweet thing, I know, battling to Batlow theso nights, after starting an hour late.' ' Just leave that saddle at Brown's, will you ? He'll pay you for it.' This was on the outskirts of Adelong. Billy jammed the saddle into the boot, and said, ' Postmasters wonder why a man is late sometimes ; but when a chap is stopped about every mile on the road, to lake on these 'Thank yor' jobs, it's small wonder. Just stick your foot on that butter churn, will you ? Thanks. If she bumps out she must, that's all.' ' What time do you make Batlow, Billy ?' 'Batlow ? Oh 'bout 8 to-night, ' I suppose, if I have luck. Ever been to Batlow? No! By ghost, then you'll know all about it by tho timo you get back ! Roads are- something awful. By Jewillikins, it's dark, 'ain't it ? Just hold thorn reins a miuuto, will you ? There's a tree fallen across tho road since -morning. I'll have to go ciown to Quarmby's for an axe.' ' How is it you don't get the Road Super, to attend to these awful places, Billy ?' 'Mb? It takes all the bloomin' Progress Committee arid their aunties to do that.' 'How is it the maintenance men aro not sent frequently over roads like these, to keep them in tolerable repair. ' ' Maintenance men ! By gosh, has anyone soon a road super, or main tenanco man for a year ? Holy Mosos ! — (Adam, I mean) — that's a sweet hole you know. Oh- but this is nothing to what we'll got further on.' ',' What time do you leave Tumba \- rumba, coachman ?' ' I leave Tuinbaruniba at tho dim and dusky hour of 2 a.m.' 'What, at this time of year !' ' Yes, and I often havo to face 2ft of snow, and plug through it till I got lo Batlow. ' Couldn't you get tho time- tablo altered, driver, so as lo let you 'come down ono day and go back- tho next, instead of having to drivo back to Batlow after coming all the way from Tumbaruniba?' ' Don't Know. Daro say it could be done. It wouldn't mnko any .clulorenco as tar as the mails were concerned ; they would only be an hour or so later. I know it would make a1 blessed lot of difforenco to mo, .though. This blooming trip back to Batlow is tho last straw that breaks tho camel's, buck.' And that's how the mountain mail travels up to Tumbaruniba and Batlow. 