WITH CARRINGTON THRO' RHODESIA. - .SALISBURY TO BULUSVAYO * . COACHING IT. 1 "(B/ Our Special Correspondent.) GWELO, June 0. "Three cheers for old Zeederberg !" The little crowd gathered outside tho dimly lit coach omce cheered with a lusti- ness peculiar to Rhodesia, and " old" Zee- derberg, sitting at the window of one of hiB passenger coaches, removed the cigar from his teeth and smiled an acknowledg- ment. The 20ft. lash of a whip whistled and smacked in the darkness, a little Senna boy, perched on the piled-up baggage stacked on the roof of the coach, " Yak !"-ed encourag- ingly, und with a swing and a rattle the two hundred and forty miles' coach journey .between Salisbury and Buluwayo was commenced. Lift up the canvas flap that does duty for window and sun blind and there Is little to see. The young moon glints leebly on the Hying trees, and the Southern Cross brilliants In a blue-black velvet bed-Is the beacon light for which we are steering. The coach flies over the scarcely discernible road, down a rocky drift which falls some- where ahead in the darkness, up the bouldered slope on tho other side, all to the accompaniment of the driver's never ceasing, "Yak, yak !"-which Is Rhodesiau for " Kim up ! " I wonder if one can doze in a thing like this . . . hullo ! " What the-?" " Only a tree stump," says Mr. Zeederberg, philosophically, " that's nothing." The " dally mail," wrapped up in his travelling rugs, is sleeping in the opposite comer. The young man from Buluwayo, who is , wedged in at my sido, is resting his head on my shoulder with childish trustfulness. Why not try ? . . . A whitened cairn . jerks past. WHAT IS THAT 1 A passenger who' is awake and smoking answers the question laconically, " Some- body murdered-'96,-man and lils wife you'll pass another further down." Murdered ! How uncanny the country looks in the eerie light of the moou-rim. Fantastic nrms, gaunt and lifeless, reaching tip out of the blackness of the undergrowth, open spaces encircled by skinny little trees shivering at their shadows-you may call that thing a kopje, tout it looks for all the world as though devil-hands with riot- ous, «wioked lust of strength had torn up trees and stones and iboulders and had 'hurled them together into one groat .shape Hess heap to form a pile whldh might fit- tingly be the mausoleum o£ a iPress censor. It Is 'bad for the nerves or an imaginative war correspondent to travel through Rho- desia at night by coach, ifor phantom imps lurk in every donea. and t*p hnwi nf n jackall is horribly suggestive. The first (lush of dawn brings Stoney Spruit, or 'Rocky Drift as it is called, whete on payment of a shilling une may sit in a Kaffir hut whilst a little Maslhona boy tries to start a fire that only emerges from the " "blinding smoky stage 'when the coach is albout to ?tart again, and clbtaln a cup of hot, mllkless, sugarless coffee, which wnuid 'be more or Jess refreshing If the coach stayed long enough for the grounds to settle. iAnd now the sun is up, and the ghosts of the niglht 'have vaulshed, and the fantasti- cally grotesque of midnight is the fancifully quaint of 'breakfast time, and then in'the warm flush of the young sunshine one sees IRhodesia ; nor Is ther.o any change In the ivlew for the iwhole run of 260 miles. Imagine a huge lhaytfleld, not a fenced in, geometrically iblsected, .pathed 'hayfield, ¡but a hayfield run wild. Imagine clumps of trees dotted about at Irregular intervals. Tress wearing their i liddy autumnal tints. Imagine Innumerable dried watercourses wandering through this tree-strewn hayfield -and you have southern Rhodesia. The only break is an occasional boulder, which is probably the perambulator cf the pro- verb that escaped the doubtful blessing of _n accumulation of that sign of material decay which 'we. are taught to regard- as the outward and visi'ble sign ot great prosperity. FORT CHARTER. The coach skims along the level portions of the road, [bumps ove,- the uneven parts, jolts, rolls, sways, and rattles generally. TUie sun evaporates the dew th.it kept the ? road in order, and a smoky cloud of flnely pawdeied pungent dust envelops everything. Fort Charter, which is the first stopping place, conslts of the usual ihotel and store 'Which has succeded in getting its name on the map, and is the junction of the Maran dWles-Buluwayo- Salisbury roads. Soon the coach ipasses the trekkers, outspanned dur- ing the heart of the day, for oxen can only travel by night, and a 'brown-faced, baie araed Queenslander swings himself Into the saddle and licks his horse Into a gallop to overtake the coach. He recognises the representative of Fleet- street, and waves a salutation. . " Anything fresh ?" The face bent over the horse's head Is keen and anxious. " Nothing. You've heard IRdberts is In Johannesburg ?" " No !" (Disgust and disappointment have replaced the anxiety. '" Surely the war isn't over ?" " Not by a long chalk," encouragingly ; " plenty- of fighting yet." The ¡face brightens. " 'Do you think we'll see any ?" The eagerness of the questioner forces a statement which Is directly contrary to my convictions. " Bouud to. How are you getting on ? Who are you ?" " Doing splendidly ; only lost one howe. Queenslander under "Captain Hookinga, Cot any papers ?" " Sorry. What do you think of Rhodesia ?" " It's-it's a great country," 'cautiously " It's a very nice country to see, but we'd rather see some fighting. Good-lbye." The rider wheels, and the journalist sinks Ibaclt in his seat to ruminate upon the .blood thirstiness of the average Australian. Night brings Enkeldoorn (Single Thorn) and dinner. The coach rolls to the (front of the .hotel, and a voice, speaking in Dutch, asks how many passengers there are on board. Another voice in the darkness makes an inquiry regarding the mail, again in the taal, and half-a-dozen other voices all speaking the same slurring, guttural tongue exchange views on imatls, coaches, slackness of postal officials, and such things as men who have Ibeen sooofed of a mall will talk about. ?Enkeldoorn Is a little Dutch colony in the heart of 'Rhodesia-and Is very Dutch. This I learnt after dinner, when seated on a roughly-constructed raises platform. I fwatched two youthful emulators of Roberts and Pea'll In their ineffectual efforts to make toreaks. Nothing annoys an onlooker more than to see a player throw away a_y chances, and, after listening to a Dutch gentleman on my left, who used the rights of acquaintanceship to be abusively criti- cal, I felt that here was IA KINDRED SPIRIT, 'and from exchanging plesantrles 'at the ex- pense I of the youthful players, we got on to the great topic of " the War." " Soli ?" said my companion, eyeing me suspiciously, " you have seen fighting ? What do you English think of our burghers now ?" I ventured to suggest that, as this was Rhodesia, the pronoun bardly fitted. < " Ach !" he said, frowning ; " aro we not all Dutch, all of the same family, so to speak. I am bom In the Transvaal ; I am a Boer in Rhodesia. If I am in Barotseland I am a Boer ; if I am in Eng Jand I am a Boer. Supposing I am at , Enkeldoorn, can I say, ' Down with Paul Kruger ?' " (He pronounced it " Powell Kreer.") " You do not [trust us ; here IB Rtíodesia you have disarmed us in cer- tain places. Almighty ! my brother is fighting in the Transvaal. Can I say, ? Down with my brother' ?" At his request I told him the latest pub- lished news. ' ' " I do not believe tha't Lord Roberts is 'In Johannesburg," foe said roughly. " The burghers would have destroyed the mines and the town. Why ? Supposing, Heer, you admitted a man Into your family your family so peaceful and happy- and that' man said Rive me your best room, fclve me your best 'horse, let me have the first pick of your meat at dinner ; and When you said. No, It is not right that you »hould have the best of my house, because you are a Btranger, he brought, in his friends to beat you, and say, Voetsak'! you dam Dutchman ! Would you not beat that man first amongst all Who came to smite you ?" I am not great at proverbs, but I made an essav. " Supposing," I said-very slowly, for I had to make it up na I went along-" sup- posing the man came to your bouse, and he said, Let me stay here and work your land, and I will make you rich. You are poor now, and cannot afford to buy a carpet to your best room. Let me stay and treat me as an equal, and I will make you crich that you will be able to buy a carpet for every room, and a horsehair suite for your parlour, and a mahogany table and a big Bible to put in tho middle of it, end wax flowers under glass shades, and anti- macassars and china dogs-everything that makes life worth living. And supposing you agreed, and then as he made the money and enriched you you treated him -worse and worse, and instead o£ putting him in your best hedroom you 'first shifted him Into 'the servant's room, then into the Kaffirs' sleeping place, and then kicked him out on to the veldt, and fed hlm^on mealies, and, when the man grumbled, said (knowing his existence depended on your land, which toe had enriched by bis in- dustry), Go, if you do not like the place ; would not the man bo justified in seeking redress ?" My Dutch friend shook his head. " it Is a pity the gold was there," he said simply. TO GWELO. The next day brings more hayfields, more outspnnned waggons on the side of tho road, more dust, more wayside hotels built oL wattle and daub, more poor feeds for hfgh prices-and so to Gwelo, where there is a swagger hotel, with vestibule, and smoking-room, and white napery and cut glass-and oh, the joy of ¡t .'-baths, h and t«, as the advertising landlady puts it. Sir Frederick Carrlnston's movements are as yet problematical. At present he has part of one brigade at Buluwayo under Lieutenant-Colonel Carew, D.S.O., and an- other at Maranüellas under .Colonel Grey. Although the primary object of the Rho desian Field Force ¡s of course the pro- tection of the Rhoiiosian frontier, it is felt by those whq know the country that this object would he as well served by taking up a position Inside the border line, and there is little doubt that General Carring- ton is keenly alive to this fact, and some such movement may be expected. Writing entirely in the dark as to tho intentions of the General, I should say that either Carew und Grey will rendezvous at Tuli and make an advance into the Transvaal ' by way of Rhodcs's Drift-the objectivo point being Pielersberg-or else only Groy will take his brigade by that route, and Carew will enter the Transvaal at Pella Drift, on tho western border, joining hands with Carrington at Pietersberg. Of the two courses, the latter strides oa:> as being the most practical, the rail from Buluwayo running to within a few miles of the drift. It is amusing to rend in the English Press sage calculations of the length of time General Carrington will take to bring his force from Bella to Buluwayo. One writer opines that there is no reason why Car- rington should not be shaking hands with Baden-Powell within seven days after land- ing at Boira ! The only reason I can seo is the personal risk Sir Frederick would run, for although the journey is possible though not probable-in nine days, it would be rather unwise on his part to iuovo with- out his force, the transit of which will occupy from three to four months. The following illustration will serve to show my meaning :-Third Queenslanders arrived at Beira 16th April ; Third Queens landers will arrive at Buluwayo 20th June. Allow another month to get them all to Mafeking, and you have some Idea of the " slight difficulties of transport" the writer so airily dismisses. 