The Ot'Eginal Ghofit-waSker iuui Iliiiu-Kinket*. Professor .Pepper, of " Pepper's Ghost " fame has just died at Leytonstone, where had recently baen living. To the younger generation " Pepper's Ghost" is more & legend than a reality, but thirty years ago it was as popular as the present biograph. As As Mr. John Hollingshead said in a recent Pall Mall Gazette, the death of the professor "carries the memory of the days when the miscellaneous theatrical matinee had not been invented, and those curious variety shows of recreative science called Polytechnic Institutions were popular with the classes who were blessed with midday leisure without knowing exactly how to use it." It was in 1843 that John Henry Pepper, bom 1821, was appointed analytical chemist at the Royal Polytechnic in Regent-street. For some years the elementary scientific lectures and shows satisfied the Polytechnic's patrons, but Professor Pepper began to find that something different was wanted, and he turned his attention to the" ghost" inelhod of illusion, which a civil engineer named Dircks brought to his notice. " Pepper told me that the idea of ' Pepper's Ghost' came to him one day as he was walking out of St. James's Hall, when some reflections from a mirror caught his notice," said Mr. Maskclyne, of Egyptian Halt fame, to a Daily Mail representative lately. " But there is no doubt that he worked on Direk's idea, and developed the arrangements of mirrors and glass which made 1 Pepper's Ghost' celebrated. At first he worked with mirrors at the side of the stage, but Professor Sylvester, who joined him, introduced the mirror beneath the footlights and that was the method afterwards adoptfcd. " For a long while audiences did not understand the ' mystery ' of tbe ghost, but people like myself who understood the use of mirrors, knew how the thing was done, although that did not lessen our enjoyment for a ghost performance. It was decidedly entertaining to see an apparently solid 'ghost' walk through another character on the stage. " But the ghost had his day, arid has not been much heard of in recent years. There is no doubt that Pepper made a lot of money out of the ghost, but he did not. die rich. Nearly twenty years ago he went to Australia to • make rain ' for the farmers, long before the American rain- makers appeared, but it was not a success. His idea was to cause rain to fall by means of aerial explosions, but he could not make rain fall where there was no rain up in the sky, and so he could do nothing in places where rain was most wanted. He afterwards became public analyist at Brisbane. Professor Popper brought out successors to the "Ghost" in the " Sphinx" and the "Proteancabinet," but noDC suceecded like the ghost, and " Pepper's Ghost," will remain his chief claim to celebrity.—Baity Mail. 