PROFESSOR PEPPER DEAD THE ORIGINAL GHOST-WALKER AND RAIN-MAKER. ("DAILY MAIL" SPECIAL.) Professor Pepper, of "Pepper's Ghost" fame has Just died at Leytonstone, where he hnd recently been living. To tlie younger generation "Pepper's Ghost" Is more a legend than a roallty.but thirty years ngo It was aa popular an the present blograph. As Mr John llolllngs- head said In lust evening's "Pall Mall Gazette,' the death of the professor "car ries the memory to the days when the miscellaneous theatrical inallnee had not been Invented, and those curious variety shows of recreative science called Poly technic Institutions' were popular with the classes who were blessed with mid day leisure without knowing exactly how to use It." It was In ISIS that John Henry Pepper, born In 1821, wns appointed analytical , chemist at the Royal Polytechnic In ! Regent street. For Borne years the ele mentary solentlNc lectures and shows satisfied the Polytechnic's patrons, but Professor Pepper began to find that some thing different was wanted, and he turned his attention to the "ghost" method of Il lusion. which a civil engineer named Dlrcks brought io his notice. \ "Pepper told me that the idea of 'Pep per's Ghost' came to him one day ns he was walking out of St. James's Hall, when some reflections from a mirror caught his notice," said Mr Maskclyne, of Egyptian Hall fame, to a "Daily Mall" re presentative yesterday. "But there Is no doubt that he worked on Dlrck'a Idea, and developed the arrangement of mirrors and .gluss, which made 'Pepper's Ghost' cele brated. At flrst he WORKED WITH MIRRORS ut the ride of thu stage, but Professor Sylvester, who Joined him, introduced the mirror beneath the footlights and the front glass on the stage, and that wus the method afterwards adopted. "For a long while nudiences did not understand tho 'mystery' of the ghost, but people like myself, who understood the use of mirrors, knew how the thing was done, althuogh that did not lessen our enjoy ment of u ghost performance. It was decidedly entertaining to nee an apparent ly solid 'ghost' walk through another character on the stage. "But the ghost had his day, und has not been tnueli heard of In recent years. , There is no doubt thut Pepper made n lot of money out of the ghost, but he did not die rich. Nearly twenty years ago he Went lo Australia to 'make rain' for the farmers, long before the American rain makers appeared, but It was not a Hue- cess. IBs idea was lo cause rain to fait by means of aerial explosions, but he could not make rain fall where there was no ruin up In the sky. and so he could do no thing in places where rain was most wanted. He afterwards became public analyst at Brisbane." Professor Pepper brought out succes sors to tho "Ghost" in the "Sphinx" und tho "Protoun cnbluet," but none succeed ed like tho ghost, nnd "Pepper's Ghosf." will remain his chief claim to celebrity. 