AWFIRD TALE IIF EWACIfi nCinil I »r W««W1W« ( The steamship, was-iinoving slowly.along the Gold Coast. /The passengers were lying about itf deck chairs and were gazing lazily out from under the shade .of double awnings aoroaB the.flittering .water at the long coast line, which unrolled itself like a panorama, before them. ..." .-.<:.-.-. ••••-•",•.• :. Long lines of yellow beach, where the Atlantic nImv.Mn rin-sheets «f. snowy foam, low bluffs crowned with great cottonwood trees; .clusters of native huts lying beneath the shade- of feathery palms, roaring Burf-obvcredi.bar and riyer mouth; all came into sight, &nd; ^disappeared- as. the steamer rolled along, until, lying, .some distance be- Jiind'the coast amopg 'what appeared to be miles of mangrove swamp, a lonely flattouped mountain rose in view. The summit could be plainly seen against the blue tropic . sky, but the; ugper slopes were covered;-with wreaths-<jf mist, winch was strange, as the rest of the landscape lay, •sharp and clear in the sunlight. ^ " Tliat musfc .be ..the Ghost Mountain, our black passengers tell us the strange tales about. By ihe way, you promised to tell us about the .time.jy.ou went, stothe top, Commissioner," saTd the Doctor, turning to District Commissioner Oddy, who lay backma cane chair. - The latter-wasA slightly made, spare man, 'who was returning home -.invalided,'haggard and yellow in face from the climate and, fever, but still showing by the flashof his , eve and the firm mouth -traces.of energy and decision. He ^turned to the doctor and answered: 7 - :,f- * .< Yes, X livedo—and several times nearly dicd-in 'sight of it fortfocByeats,. but ^ltliough I once tried I'.did not get to the top, and "never wish to try again. - The natives say no one but a Ju Ju man ever reached the summit and lived." ' :". 'y- '•"--" i Here the passengers drew in their chairs to listen, and the Commissioner continued:' "It was some twenty yeans ago that Jevons, a trading agent, and'myself sat out on the verandah of my house, smoking an after- I dinner cigar. It had ,heen a trying day, as hotasfire, and at night Jt was if possible woree: the inside of the "room resembled an, oven. Outside, however, a faint breeze i stirred, bringing with- it the .usual smell ,pf ] burning wood, rorange flowers and hhcs mixed with the foul odours of mud andl swamp, and although there was considerable risk of fever,"it'was just possible* to breathe tliei-e, which you' couldn't do inside. :; " After we had amobed a while in silence Jevons stretched out;his.hand,^and'pointed across the miles„of dense forest and mangrove Bwamp/3: .that .-Jay ..beneath the brightmoonlight, opening -out here, and there to sliowtheglistemng^Burfaceof abroad river reacl? or'the foul -black mud of a tidal lagoon, towhere the Ghost Mountain stood out clearly against the sky, -with a silver cloud of^TOsfcrwiapping its lower slbpes: 1 " When shall we climb that wonderful mountain Oddy'' ~ ' ' •"Oh,'whenever you wishi to-morrow, if you like,vnanswered.« W« were bothyoung, and «itli my head full of varied information • in the departmental-books, I thought I knew everything about Africa and its ^natives. : • \- " I have changed my mind-since,; .and am ]ust beginning to learn a little now—while Jevons, a burly, red-faced- Englishman,-was firmly convinced that there was 'nothing worth knowing except how -to make ^ per. cent, profit :for his firm.-by clicatlngthc natives.- -•.••••-::•• "Wcbothof us laughed at the superstitions concerning • the mountain; - so,'- hav ing decided to go, T :rcalled:'ifoi- my :shanty boy, blew my whistle, for .Sergeant Aimm and Kossoo,'for.there were ten ^Haussasv attaclicd to the station. . . . - , . .''.-A-fow moments later the. two. '-Haussaa ^ who :arc, • as. you 1 know, - Mohiam rncdan blac troops, entered. Hine^taH-jnen they were, from the far interior,--with features much finer than those of-.the ; coast-:tribeB, ^dressed, in brown Karki uniform -and red fez;'; While they Btood at attention, I told the boy to have two hammocks -and eight'foearers ready . by=aunnse on the morrow. . - - " At this he surged us toiabandon the idea, saymgitliat for 400 yearsno one buta Ju Ju pnesthad ever reached the ; summit'." , without dying or losing his reason shortly afterwards. However, we both laughed "at any - -"superstitious idea,' and turning to.the black" sergeant, I said: • . . . .••-•-.-- • -.-.•;•-. - " : Are you afraid to go, Aj»un t" ."-'mountain be iigreat Ju Ju, sail : : no good to meddle with the f etish of the heatlier but whcre'C o mull ssionah go, Aiuun and KOKsoogo to, oven though the mountainie full of devils,' was the faiSiful fellow's .-answer.; "That is .the nature-.of; £he JVloliammcaan. Treat: him fairly and feed him ^welli'Shd^ife' would follow you.through Hades'.'-'J;; r t " We started at daybreakithe next morning, travelling as far as we could in our ham. knocks, (with plenty,Lof black-carriers, until the bush became so thiek that wediad -to -go on foot. . _ , T remember the-morning wall, the brighti sunshine rand brjUant flowers.. where the forest was thinner, and the solemn dimness und wreaths of mist 1 that- lay around the trunks where the great branches met above us, every tree festooned with hanging creep-' ers. We did not lrnow;-theh ihat this 1 mist might mean quick death,-aiiaithat the- smell of an African forest;, half aromatic and half repulsive, was; generally full'of fever. . " On we,went,^winding in and out among .the trees, ,now.:-sros8iilgaclear space,and agam quttingipur5v,ay withmatehets through thorny bushes, untU, when'night . eame, -we" eamped.beside a-little creek, and Xliiy awake until ^vmjlistening to the rustling of leaves and the voices,of the &r;«B£, jaSidi*-watchihg . " In tbe mornin^we'made an. early 'start, and, after aiard dayJs nmrch, cUnibing and stumbbng-_ among mangrove'. Toots; several . tmiea-nearly losingour lives in the pools • of fathonUess-mUdthatabouhd ini these" parts, we campediat sunset under the mountain it- • self " Dividing uB:from.it Jail abroad.shal- Jow. stream, Appling:. pleasantly io'ver a^sandj . only tolose atselfv.lower down- iamohg 5 tne rottenness arid i slime of a m'angrove swamp.. The_,moon, Bhone brightly - on , the water, and ?n tbeiufih.-around 41s not a Jeaf stirred, but the _ mountain, ^V'front lay >™ppedin .adark cloud of mist, out of wh'ibh 5 we could hear the jrusthng of trees and the moame of a night breeze. - Oar bearers) in spite of the liberal pay promised, them, showed signs of makingJo£E, .aedarihg that none.of .us would: retutn, ialive;: and-it -(vas onJy. oy.threatavthat we-eould indaeetliem •toremain.- "•-'- - ••...•.:-•-.•• •-.:- • "Whendawn-came weforded.thestream, and iuBt;as wcatepped ont,of thewatericjame ppon two;taH-wands of :Sce.nted Wood, driven into the sand,, each carrying'a white cloth «>pped m blood. This,waa«ne of the Ju Ju mil: ks, and where it is set up with the proper ceremonial you- might- lay all you possessed there and no native would dare to touch it* anj - "passed Jevons, out of —.wantonness,; I'm with aome:,silly,;;remark jabemt:' pulling . U P mgger superstitions,' snapped bneof!the Stakes-across .hte knee,-^arid .Betthfe'piedes L 1 "eating down the streiim. - 1-at v TT _ tur upon him-iit- nlr- a ™ " • -on i j"7 • - - :-< \- - What did you do that for I You fool, ' loo,c at the .carriers; W n seotheymll al bolt now, woisefnghtened than ever. S l Lot of silly niggers-1 Let them bolt,aud we'U.go on alone, >eh,*l£osaoo,f'he saidjturn: »ng to the Houssa. . -. *".f Whether r/they~he- stickB or~stoneB,:-I know not, 7 said t"he~latter,m'-his own tongue, a httie of winch I knew, 1 but it IB not good to insult tho gods of theheathen? and by this timeTEknew^ie'was right • I-was a little uncomfortable, for I noticed the earners muttering one to another,- and 'looking at my companion in:,a threatening manner,'but we •induced jthem to go on b.y-drawingwir revolvers, -and the climb continued." . ."•While the sun shone-over the forest below us, the mountain sides were covered with white mist-which soaked our clothes and seemed to go through to the bone,-and;'while we.could feel no' air in. our faces, we could hear, the treeB overhead swaying and rustling in the breeze. The lower slopes were oozing with water and mud, so that -our upward march was difficult and dismal, especially as we- had .to cut our way. through thorny bushes and masses .of trailing plants most of. the time. -Up. we went, struggling, through; swamp and: brake, until toward afternoon I noticed iny-l:ompnmon got Btrangelyqiliet, and had a flushed, swollen look about hiB face^whichl did not like. When we "stopped a few minutes for.breath, I-Baid L : ••••"•_•• " ' What's thematter,.Jovons ? -Areiyou iU-?'Tiut I only-got a surly i.go on, 1 -for. an answer, -and .we continued our way, and .j by 6 " " - - ° were sometalf njay up the ' " •../•: . Y , :'; ' "Here we founds little clear space, strewn f thJ a few lar fla6 g® f° d the bearerB;had"broUghtSomedry wood'fromthe ' fore ?t below We made a fireand prepared to Guce ortmce rnqticed Jevons stag- 8 0r 23 he moved about arranging the simple meal, and at. last : made himf sit down'and leave it alone. 'While this was going on,-, what little light thcro was faded away, and an intense darkness closed around us. My • friend-ate nothing, but drank some of the 6 P 1 " ts and quinine I gave lum, and. then b™ 5 " ' 1 d"™' 4 , k"™ what's "the matterwith. m ? * ^ J ead ' s on 3 1 ca 9' t "W- Bel f ip. 3ome one must have poisoned meo r something. .I'll gq^to sleep.' , " him in his waterproof sheet, 1 J^ed some haggago wider his head, and M^ d°wn beside huft. ^ " i ™ ,ma f d Kossoo,'I said, ' I'll watch haM ^ght-you deep.' Then I threw mo r f w0 ° a °°- tke and b'egan my lonely vigil. the .trees swayed andxuatled and a chill wind.drove m my face,.while.fan;-: tastic. wreaths of -mists drifted across -the fire light.- The~red glow fell on .my companion's .face,-- and I t;aw liow jluslicd and distorted wM ^ 1 ®. he m0Ted uneasily m his sle e P» and {murmured from time to time, Dnft m S 0,lt « £ the darkneeB came the moani the wind, and Jhe mynad voices of the Wrest, and X .listened until atlast my eyes dosed, and I fell asleep, " After dozing uneasily a little I heard a weak voice caUing me,and, risingto r^ feet, ' Eaw Jevona ^ying to ra,se liimself Hastily, to him, Irazsedlus head, and he gasped out: f ' I don't know what it can be, but I-feel I'm dying.- Sold my handdon't leave me,' and then Ills head fell back onrny knee-: : f* Gallmg-Amun, I told him to brmg-. Bome .more.wood, and.to-rouse one of -the bearers,- and for the httle while he. was away : -in- thc darkness l felt strangely desolate. In afew minutes lie returned. .. . ' The Shantee^non all line for go away,' he said; t only Amun and Eossoo here. - Where .-officer man live, there be Haussa mail." Then he made -up -the-.fire .and sat close behind me. • /' J shall never forget the horror of that dismal night; Bitting by the glow of the fire, watching the.flickering, .shadows: as^ I held k. my. dying comrade's head on my knee. Themist drove past.me in wreaths, - chilling 1 me through with its clammy touch, while all around the- branches swayed. and rustled as the.wind. swept through the treesy. and at intervals, the snort :of the leopai-d seeking his prey:L sounded through the forest.- Jevons moved uneasily a( -times, and :clutehecLmy hands, but never.;-recovered: consciousness,, and when at dength - the weary mght •passed, and:: the dim light of ^dawn-; came flittering .through the. .branches, T .saw-with horror that he >vas dead. . • " Abandoning -ail our luggage, we three started to retrace our steps, attempting the almost imposBibls'tlask'of carrying the body of .our comrade with us. .All .day we struggled downhill, --through mud. and thorny ; thicket, tearing our clothes to ribands, and at times gettmg-a Jnasty wound ourselves, :al - ways an the sarne cloud 1 of clammy, mist. I alternately 1 shaking 'with • the fever,-, which- \now attacked.me,;3nS abusing our . cowardlyi J carriers s .for descrting lis.. -Toward- •»• -evening we reached the stream . which separated the mountain from the'mangreves; iaid here Ave flung ourselves down, ahd, - with pains m every hrn'b, and with my blood like liquid-: fii-e, r lay tiU morning incite burning gnp offevcr. ' v " When- daylight came I: could scarcely stand alone;. ; : and, as*,-to oarry the body any. further - was impossible, nothing could be; done but to-, scrape a-:.Bhallow .hole in the; sandy strip by theiver andflay it there,- at ^ the foot-of-the two JUTJU wands; for when we returned: the missmg one had been replaced, • y All -thafc day,, with swimming head and useless limbs, i leaned oil the shoulders of ^ny,faithfuLfolloweis;;andi half-carried and, half: staggering,.managed to- get-through the :awfidtract ofc^mangroves, . rblacik mud and swamp, which we- had to cross. .Straggling 3along-shalf .con6eiouSfs-late\that 'jnghtj we ^reached -the .spot whei:e;-.the hammocks had been left, and-although they: were worn; out .with fatigue. the two^gtaunch BausEas took me;up! and, travelling along the- clear . path, we c^me staggenng- into the Compound at dawn—two hacgard, tattered bearers,,and anunconscious m a n ; 1 ".ffor. ten - days I .lay between life and death, and then:slowly recovered.?' f .SDidiyour friend .show symjptoms'of mat: -iaria |'' aaked-tlie doctor., ;--.* :. : : . : , ( ' I have seen many men die of fever, but .none ^ike^that,-'^answered thercommissioner,' /f.butfromthatday.I'hayejearefully avoided any.insult tp the native Fetish. I can-give you no'reasojis, and ean only say with Hamlet, ^fHieres are.wmore^fiings injheaven and eartli than are"dreaoit r o^ inVoox philosophy.' •ACnd if you wish to know , all fhe itrange jthingsthathappenanthc Afijicanforests you must spend your life.among;thein.'V - ':'••.••'• 