THE STATE PARLIAMENTS. The arguments of members who protest against any reduction In the State Parlia ment are more intelligible than convincing. It neods no ghost come from the grave to tell us why and wherefore some of those ardent patriots wax Indignant at the bare Idea, of such a thing. If their legislative occupation were gone it would be difficult In many In stances to Imagine any other occupation half as remunerative for which they would be fit. To many, no doubt, who have found the. way into Parliament since It was decided that the hire of which the legislative labourer was to be deemed worthy should be £300 a year that "consideration" has not counted for much. But to a good many more it Is to be feared that It has represented the be all, if not exactly the end all, of their aspirations to serve their country. To say that is not to raise any question as to the right or wrong of .payment of members. Any question of the sort would be superfluous at this time, <jf day. The whole of Australia is committed to the system, and, perhaps, Indeed, it Is to be held as one from which there could have been no escape. Be this as it may. It has Its disadvantages, and one or these Is the in troduction into Parliament of not a few men who, whether they may he fit for politics or hot, have certainly never shown their ability to earn a decent living at anything else. This Is the kind- of legislator who scouts any proposal which alms at lessening the number of members In the- local Parliament. But a change of such a nature will have to take place, and that before very long. Not only Would It be desirable to have the members "considerably reduced In number, but It might be.juBt as well to dock thelrjmlarteo at. the same time. In the course of the short debate on the Parliamentary Electorates Dis tribution Bill on Saturday some honourable members expressed' the opinion that the work which would still remain to "be done In the local, i Parliament after Federation had been inaugurated would be of a sort which would require the. attention .of as many members as are associated with it 'now. This Is a flight of imagination which will not be easily followed by many folk out side" of Parliament who have taken the. trou ble even to bestow a passing glance at. the llBt of subjects which -will strictly .be within the province of the Federal Legislature. As everybody knows, there are noIess than thlrty- hino of such subjects, and thy comprise the weightiest of the matters with which the State Legislatures havejiltherti dealt. There will, indeed, be plenty of , Important business left In the hands of the local Parliament. . But there Is no reason for a momentlto think that it could not be managed by a Legislature in New South Wales . far' below ltd present di mensions. Seventy-live membeik should be quite enough for that work, The filrther ques tion as to whether they should receive three hundred a year would also bear il good deal of consideration. \ 