Protestant Protestations. The torrent , of Protestant protestations now being poured out in Sydney took its rise in- this way. ' At'the dedication of St. Mary's Cathedral, 'Archbishop Redwood, of New Zealand, preached a sertnoh. He had preached it before one of his congregations in New Zealand ; .and on .his. reaching Sydney, the ever' alert reporter solicited tho manuscript of the sermon to bo'preuched at the consecra tion ceremony. ' It was handed over, set up iu the. office of the . local Roman Catholic newspaper, and some copies' of it were liandedto " the preuober. . After his delivery of tho sermon on Sunday,. September -9, re porters present having heard, it very in differently, solicited the manuscript ; and to them wero given some of the aforementioned printed. copies : one of' which was . repro duced .next day in the S.Jlf.' Herald . The sermon, as printed . will . be found on another page of this issue. - The puragraph. omitted from the spoken sermon, hut con tained in the printedform of it, was as follows : "'Loofc ;at those hundreds of contradictory1 denominations whioh swarm in the Britinh If.nipire and in somo other parts' of 'the; globe. Have they any of the murks, of the' true chiirob, unity; ' sanctity, catholicity, and apostolicity? Surely not.;. They have no unity! Look not .for sanctity in tboso separate qects. I speak '.not of individuals hut . offlystems.' :The, authors, of the, Greek, schism, > Bhotius .in .the ninth century, and; Michael, /Cerulurius -in the eleventh, Nhad no 'motive for their sepaiatibp but blind ambitiorii and. lust of power. Thejeaders and founders of Protestantism,' Luther, Calvin, Zwinglius, Jto., were notorious' for /their vices. . . Arhong'Profestunfsthe ihost effe'4lual:, 'means' of snnctiflcation have disappeared— abstinence, fasting, mortification, confesaidnTcommunion,. &c.; Both tbeGreekschism and Protestantism have rather obstructed' than prompted true civilisation. Thqifirst lias brought despotism upon the east, the second covered Europe with blood and ruins in the sixteenth centnry, and haB ever since. been the helper and instrument of the; worst, foes of Christianity. It dese crated tho home, itpolluted the nuptial bed,, it lowered the dignity- of- womanhood,? it' devastated v tho school, and stopped the progress' of science! ' In fine, neither. Protestants nor Greeks - have shown that the action of the Holy Ghost is withrthem. -No examples of heroic virtue, 110 saints in their ranks at all comparable to the martyrs and missionaries of the Catholic Church ; and they have neyer : been _able to obtain the sanction of a miracle for their work and their .doctrines." . . . When these words were read in. the printed sermon, it waB .not unnatural . to suppose' ;tbat they had been spoken ; and that all persons present- must have ' heard them. In that '.case . the Governor, the Chief Justice, and tlio Mayor of the city had heard them ; and seeing, that no one rose .and left by way of protest,. it was assumed that the persons indicated bad seriously com mitted themselves.. Etna and Vesuvius are mild pompared with the outburst that ensued; and these eruptions lasted for somo time after it had been distinctly stated that the offensive .words had not been spoken. Eventually this announcement to some extent abated publio feeling against the persons mentioned ; they -were no longer chiuged with listening to slanderous words without, protesting ; . but they remained' -open toN the aoouBation. of having been present, in their publio capacity, to hear mass, a thing which the Queen, in her publio capacity may.not do ; even if pri vately she could and might he present thereat. Bub t the t words < remained: in print, in proof that thoy bad been written ; and in themselves . they formed' matter .for. grave observation. . The r circumstance .placed Archbishop Redwood in a very tight place in two respects ; one was that he had spoken words before one. .of his own' congregations which he'had not the courage to repeat before a mixed congregation. The other was that "by carelessness or by intention he handed to reporters, for publication, an uneXpurgated copy, of -.his sermon. His first explana tion was reported in these words: 11 1 have. on)y to remark that . the passages quoted : in the letter (which had ap peared in the S. JT. Herald , those given above) .were not spoken by. me in the course of ray sermon as; delivered in the cathedral. They were entirely and purposely omitted in deference' to tbe presence of the Governors,' as 'I.wds anxious not to? introduce!' any contro versial ..matter .on account of, the' mixed \- character of my audience; butvthey .were .included- -in the discourse as I, bad originally written it, and as I would have; delivered it, to a 'purely Oatholio audience in - other oircumstances. I did pot think it necesBsryrfo take it out of the proof sheets which I banded to the Press ; but,,aB I say, , tbe words complained of were not uttered by mo., in the cathedral, as is to be sen by thednily Press report." ' ) .'-u . , A rohbishopRedwood'sexplanationiSjif pos sible, 'woreo than tho original offence: If p- phrased, his explanation is, "I delivered /a sermon boforo ono of my own. congregations which-I had not tho courage to- delivor jbefore a raided congregation. . But, although I dared not utter thosfoffensive words before persons who might have .rison fropa their. seats and withdrawn from tho congregation, t did not 'shrink;from publishing them in a great daily nowspapor, . whore first of all thoy might instantly lead persons, to . suppose that,, I had spoken them ; and that when disillusioned on that minor point there would remtira the cer- tain of an uproar by Protestants that suoh things should be said about tho . founders of : Protestantism , and Protestafit .systems. Of course, as. ;I do .not livp in this country, the storm' will hot nffeofc me." Archbishop Redwqod has ' left ' without addiqg to; that explanation . and thereforo has left his cose exaotly as wo have stated it. . Any comment needed might bo offered by a child. Why do the olorgy. cultivate the. use of the most opprobrious of terms and expres sions ? Their command of 14 sweaj: words " might mako them objects of envy, fri Billings gate. Since, their people, aro inevitably inter- a8«ooiatodin all conditions and forms of social life, why should tho be set -against each other ? They form tho most sincere and enjoyable of friendships ; wh£ should they be disturbed by tbo curses of. priests .and parsons? .Ono knows that this sort of thing is done by the clergy of all churches. If their flocks heeded them pandemonium would pre vail. i ..The , people are better than their pastors, '".Becauso they aro less , sectarian. AU eincoro souls have -a common, faith ; eaoh sect with addenda peculiar to. itself. . A Roman Catholic's belief in the in fallibility of tbe Pope does not affect the common faith of poisons who. believe in the divinity of 'Jesus. A Jow's. non- accieptuuce. of Christ's divinity does not .affect the uni versal belief in God. . Lot each enjoy his. own faith. . ' " And what. God gave Archbishop Red wood 'authority to 'cuive'.all Protestants, . or their system s ? The noii- bhurchmati takes tho liberty to Bay that all this .sort of thing is a dreadful caricature on Christ,> who lived and died for righteousness ;ahd peqco ;: or, ' that if it is done by His authority, then did He live for disautrous '.ends, and ' die a well-deserved death. w His eminence Cardinal Morah has inude the matter wors5. by denying the essential part of what, Archbishop Rbdwoocl dared not say when preaching, , but; ventured to say in print. Tbe latter said.that ho was not speaking of .persons but of systems; and he specially mentioned tho Greek Church and Protestantism. These are his ivsisswia verba, " I speak not of individuals, but of systems." And referring to Protestantism he said; ."it desecrated the homo, it polluted the nuptial bed, it lowered the diguity of womauhood, it devastated tho sohool, and stopped the pro-, gress of science." Of . what use is it for Cardinal Morau to ' say that his venerable friend was not referring to . Protestants ' f ? And surely Cardinal . Moran did not- bring out those' old' stories about polygamy without knowing that equally well authentic and much more dis gusting stories are told of popes and priests. But to what end is it all said P And >vhy say it in connection with the conseoration of V; beautiful church ; and in connection ' with a gathering composed of nil classes of persons, a gathering specially comprising ohief magis trates and citizens? Archbishop Redwood may, be a venerable, but: he must ;le a very foolish mini ; and instead of his having raised only " a storm in a teacup, ; as it is puk, by. Cardinal? Moran, it will .bo found that he has raised au evil spirit that will not he "laid" for a long time "to come. » It is an unsubstantiated slander to say that Protestantism . produces immoralityand the man who says so, is for that reason, and "to that extent, himself immoral. 