FLASHES' Cold facts are not often brought to light in a heated argument. You can't out your cake and have it, too. But it's different with an onion, Things don't turn up in this world until somebody turns them up. There are people whose energy is tire- less and while, alas whose energy. Ja merely tircBonio. Difficulties are often like ghosts when you come to run them down they don't amount to much. Poverty may be no crime, but a good many people regard it as a serious misdemeanour, at least. What nonsense it is to say a man is inclined to be had. When a much H. becoming said, it is quite against his in miniature. Philosophies are formed to account for one's idiosyncrasies, to exclaim peccadilloes to elevate shortcomings, and to satisfy- OHO'B vanity. The s i 7.0 of the tongue in the final 'race bears no reflection to the height of the individual. For instance, the tongue of a woman 5ft. in height so frequently longer than that of her husband, who ro joircB in (ift. rain. Equal: "What can equal warmth of a true woman's love of asked the dearest girl, I "llor temper 1" replied the savage old bachelor. Whenever a girl begins to lecture a young man on financial economy, he can safely ask her to name the happy day. "I have never met, he said, more than two lonely lovely women." "Ah," said she, looking up innocently into his face, who was the other?" The Maiden: "And where did you, baron, first see the light of the world?" The Baron: "When I met you." "Is he a good ChurcliniRaP" "Well, ; he doesn't pray so loud as some of them, but he pays his pew-rents a good deal more promptly." "Did that bottle of medicine 'do your aunt any good?" "No; as soon as she read the wrapper she got three ' new llÍBOaB08." ' Tommy : We have got a new baby at our house I" Sally (with upturned nose) : "Wa'don't want one; we've got a piano, "I tried that old receipt you: gave me for my cold, grandma, and her throat Robina. vvoi'He to-day." "Easy, child; oaBy. 'I've been i collecting recipes for- ooldB all my life. I think you'll find 825 in my black bag in the workbox. Now, be patient. Try allot her-one is sure to do for you, darling's!'., , / it 