THE TENTERFiEl U lutcrrolonial (Jfotrmitr AHD Fairfield S> "Wallangarra Advooate TUESDAY, OCTOBER 2. LOCAL NEWS. RETIBED KtOM TUB SERVICE.-Mr.J. Dwyer, line repairer, Tontcrfield, havin? been retired from the service, took his ' departure for Sydney on Sunday night. Thonamoofhis successor has not yot transpired. ... RAILWAY, TIME TABLE.-An tho rail way timo .table between Sydney and Brisbane is to bo altered from Sunday next, there will be a corresponding altera tion in the hour of departure and arrival of the mail coaches between Tenterfield i and Lismoro. ' A;> FEDMAL , CANDIDATE.-We have received from Mr. G. Morris Simpson, . Sfonehenge, his address to thoelectors of Callala electorate, for the Federal House of: Representatives. The address reached us IQ' late too appear in this itsue, but it will bo before our readers on next Fridny. Mr. Simpson is popularly known through out the Tableland of Now England, and wo are pleased to see him so early in the field. NEW ELECTORAL ROLLS.-It is ex pected that the work of compiling the new electoral rolls throughout the colony will .be completed within a few "-days. The Commission will then commence their " final rcheme of subdividing the Federal electorates, which will probably be submitted to the Government before the end of October. Too STRINGENT REGULATIONS.-Tho new tick regulations and the unnecessary severity in carrying them out are causing intense dissatisfaction to the residents .long tho border from Wallangarra to White Swamp, and alterations aro urgently desired. We understand that Mr. 0. A. Lee M P. is moving for a modification in the regulations, which are hampering the conduct of every day business in the vicinity of the border. >. SCHOOL OF. Aim TOURNAMENTS.-The representatives of tho Glen Innes School of Arts > will arrive in town to-morrow ' forenoon,'snu will be met by some of the committee at the railway station and driven to town in Walkor Trustees drag. In the afternoon they will bp entertained to a garden party at the residence of the Mayor and in tho evening the, round of toumaiiaerits will takoplace at tliocchool of Arts. The following will represent Tenter field : Billiards, Messrs Readett, Bentley, Dickson, and Dr. Crotnmelin. Cribbnge, MessrsFlumkettand Lobsey. Dominoes ' Messrs Steinbeck, Daniol, Fitzhardinge, and W. Reid. Whist, Messrs 'Warner and Hogarth. Draughts, J. French. Chess; Messrs G. Peberdy andP. Walters. ' STOD NOTICE. - We have every confidence in directing attention of owners of. brood mares in this district to the Announcement in our business columns to day; concerning that fine stallion Prince Charlie, who will do stud duty in this district during the present season. Prince Charlie is a splendid specimen of the blood entiro, and he will do parade duty in Tenterfield on Saturday, next, when ho may be inspected We also beg to draw attention to an announcement concerning Mr. M'Lennon'e pony stallion, Bonnie Charlie, the winner of many first nnd champion prizes. { DEATH OF Mn. PIDDINOTON.-Mr Honry W. B. Piddington. who' represented Uralla- Walcha in the Legislative Assembly died suddenly at Ashfleld on Thursday . night. *He appeared to bo in his usual health that day, and was present at a Parliamentary;function injconnection with (lie turning of tho first sod of tho Enfield to Mortlaka tramway. He was also pro sent in Parliament tho provioua night, but complained of pains in his head. On Thursday afternoon Mr, Piddington was seized with a slight stroke of apoplexy, *nd a second seizure several huurs later terminated fatally. The deceased gentle man, who was born in Brisbane in J£SQ, ?was the eldest son of tho fete: Archdeacon DAMAGE BY LATE FHOSTS.-The severe frosts of lust Thursday and Friday nights have lincl a very damaging effect oh the apricot, pencil and Amorican plums throughout the district. The barly 1 potatoes havo also suffered a.severe check. The frostd last year that inflicted so much damage occurred on the 1st Octobor, or only two or three days later than tho spoiler of this year. It is painfully evident lliat early sorts of fruits aro a failuro in this district, and early sowings of growths subject to frosts, a n-istake. The visitation experienced laBt week was terribly severe, tho whole of tho westerias, lilncs and other tender garden plants being shrivelled up. Glen Inncs and the Darling Downs also reports raucli damage from the effects of the unwelcome visitor. A NICE DECOCTION.-Mr. Gabriel, Inspector of Distilleries, Queensland, giv ing evidence before thoLiquor Commission in Brisbane last week, said that on one occasion while making tests at a hotol near Brisbane, he observed tho publican pouring the contents of one vessol into anoihor containing spirits. Ho caught hold of the mail's arm to prevent tho liquids being blended, and soiiio of the liquid which spilled over on liis cufl and coat sleeves burned holes in thom. He subsequently discovered that it was sulphuric acid. On making an inspection of the cellar ho rame across a casK which contained 81b. of solids to eleven gallons of liquor. An examination of the solid n tobacco, cigar ends, cloves, pepporcorns, pinoapplo fibre, and a piece of chalk. JACK THE RIITF.H DEAD.-Jack tlio Bipper is dead. Bo diod (says tho PariB 'Figaro') in a private lunatic asylum in England unknown to tlio majority of tho public, but his identity was fully estab lished some time before his death. He was a medical student of good family and considerable means, and there is no reason to suppose that when his family first put him under forciblo restraint, they had any idea that he was the author of the Whito chapel horrors. Two prominent journal ists, G. R. Sims and T.P. O'Connor, M.P. are among tho fow who know the facts of the case. The whole matter has been kept very dark as it was felt that no good end would be served by reopening tlio case. T^e police authorities, however were awaro of the circumstances and undoubt edly felt relieved when this human fiend gave up tho ghost. 