A FAMOUS BALLUONIST \- -+---- ý MR PERCIVAL SPENCER. Whoever has seen a balloon knows the name of Spencer, for Mr. Percival Spencer, with his two brothers, Arthur and Stanley, are the grea-est authori ties on ballooning in the world. Their position is such that the eldest is con su!ted by all the ballooning experts on earth, andt when military ballooning was first started the officers of the Army availed themselves totheir tathers experience. His father before him was a practical aeronaut, so Ar. Spen cer represents the third generation engaged in the art of emulating the birds and voyaging in the upper air. He was only eight when he first went up in a balloon," accompanying his father one Easter Monday from the grounds of Crystal Palace, and since that time he has made over I,ooo ascents in the diflerent parts of the world. India, the Straits Settlements, Java, Sumatra, Chna and Japan, with Egypt on his tiay home, have, in turn, been the lands from which he has ascended, while his second brother Arthur, who devotes his attention more partic-ilarly to the manufacturing part of the business, has become acquainted with the cloudlands in Australia, and the youngest brother, Stanley, has worked Noith and South America, Cubt and South Aftica; so that the family is, aeronautically, like Alexander the Great, signing for new worlds to conquer. In India he had what must be a decidedly unique pleasure-the priv; lege of reading his own obituary, after making a sensational ascent. The scene of the ascent of which this obituary was the direct outcome was Calcutta. The Viceroy himself and several native princ-s were present, and so was a concourse of some 250,000 people. A lew days before he had an nounced an ascent, but the weather being unfavouraale he deemed it advis able to postpone it. On this occasion, only a few minutes before dark, he foutnd that it was impossible to get enough gas to inflate the balloon to such an extent that it would take up the parachute from which he intended to make a descent. If he did not go up, a quarter of a million people would be vastly disappointed ; and, on the other hand, if he ascended without his parachute he would have to rely on the balloon descending by natural exhaustion. Knowing that this would take place in a reasonable time he cut away the parachute, and sitting merely in a sling of rope he ordered the restraining lines to he released. The balloon shot up at a rapid rate. Up it went, higher and higher, the people's eyes upturned to watch it until the rapidly falling dark ness obliterated it front sight. It was then that they discovered that it was unfitted with any of the appliances which the popular mind regards as indispensable for safety, the car, anchor valve, and ballast. The balloon rose until it reached an altitude of I2,ooott, and then began to come down. But an hour and a half passed from the time of the ascent until earth was reached again. As Mr. Spencerapproached the earth he could hear the ominous roar of water, and later on he saw what looked like rivers with land in between. It was the delta of the Ganges, fifty miles from the place from which he had set out. Walking towards a light he came upon some natives He was dressed in whiteflannels, and the simple minded folk ran off in terror, believing that he must bea ghost. They collected their fitends and returned armed with sticks. the aeronaut might have suffered bodily damage at their hands but for a clever idea. Even the India ghosts do not carry money, and they soon be came aware that he was a man like themselves, and in exchange for his money they gave him food and shel. ter. Next day he hired one of the native craft, and travelling along the creeks which intersect these districts he reached Calcutta in three days. There he found his obituary printed in the papers, and the ' Indian Mirror' had written, ' Seldom has Calcutta been thrown into a state of greater excite ment and consternation than during the last two or three days, and the unwitnessed tragic end of Mr Spencer, the unfortunate young aeronaut, has filled society, both European and native, with immense gloom. Wherever one goes he hears nothing but an out burst of gt effor the brave Englishman who, from a mistaken sense of honour, literally gave a sacrifice of his body to the winds.' Mr Spencer found the natives of India were never afraid of the balloon itself, as imaginative writers so often declare. One day, after making a parachute descent, his balloon, travel. ling on, descended among some fisher folk. By the time that his assistants (who had, of course, noticed the direc tion in which the balloon was travel ling) could reach the place, they found that the people had unpicked the net, in order to use it for fishing hlines, and the balloon itself was being cut up into waterproof clothing. The Governmnent of the place happened to be very strong, and, hearing of it, ordered the villagers to subscribe towards a new balloon for the aeronaut, and in due course the head man arrived at Mr Spencer's hotel with the total sub scription of the inhabitants, whose waterproof clathing had come at a decidedly high price Shortly after this Mr Spencer was in Acheen, and the Government, thinking that his services would be of use in reconnoit ring for military purpases, engaged him. That was one of the first occasions in modern times when a balloon had been used for this purpose. Accom paried by a major in the Army be ascended, their mission being to dis cover the whereabouts of certain fortified embrasures. These were dis. covered, and orders were sent by the military officer to the artillery to open fire while the effect of the fire was observed fromt the balloon. Houses were seen to be demolished and fired, and the inhabitants in full flight. More alarming, however, for the two occupants of the balloon was the sight that the nati'es were hiding behind clumps of trees and approaching nearer and nearer until "hey came to a favorable place, from which they begin firing at the balluon itself, and its inmatesm As the two stood in the basket they could hear the bullets iwhizzing through the air, but happily neither of them was struck. Not Io fortusate, however, was the balloon, for I one bullet went completely through it, but luckily did not cause sufficient loss of gas to occasion any difficulty, as the bullet hole .as partly closed by the pressure of the gas inside. In Japan Mr Spencer had a narrow escape from death by drowning from a parachute. His balloon went up splendidly, and when the time came he separated the parachute from it in order to descend. Down it fell like a plummet, during which time, as: he says himself, ' one feels as though one were in a state of suspense or of sus pended animation for about three seconds, until there comes the-welcome tug which assures one that' the parachute is opening and .'that one has something to hold on to.' During this time Mr Spencer calcula tes one falls abotit 35oft. When the palachute opens the descent is gradual, and under ordinary circum stances pleasant enough. This time, however, as he fell he heard the roar of water and knew he was over the sea As a matter of fact h: was several miles from land, and he owed his safety to being quickly picked up by some sailors from a Japanese man-o'-war which happened to be in the neighbourhood. Had Andreee listened to Mr Spencer it is possible that he might to day have been alive, even if his attempt at find ing the North Pole had not been crowned with success. When he caule to London he naturally discussed the projec with the greatest authority on ballooning we have. Mr Spencer pointed out to him that every balloon had its peculiarities, and strongly advised that experiments should be made with the balloon before starting. This advice Andree did not heed, and the first ascent of the balloon which he expected to bear him to the North Pole was made on the occasion when he started definitely on his quest, so that he knew absolutely nothing of the mtachine in which he risked his life. The balloon, however, in. Mr Spen cer's opinion, offers the best means of reaching the Pole, but it must be large enough to take a sledging party, their dogs, food, and appliances towards the Pole, and when they reach it they must leave the car and make their way back to the ship by the aid of the sledges. Although Mt S;encer has made so many balloon ascents, the longest time he has ever been in the air.was seven hours, when he left London and arrived at Hereford, a distance of ra5 miles, during which time he travelled along the length of the Thames, crossing the Cotswold Hills and the Severn, going over the Malvern Hills, until he de cended at the feet of the Welsh Moun tains. His journeys to France have been shorter, and one madeca year ago took only between five and six houis. While people are apt to look'on the English Channel as unduly crowded with vessels, the impression derived .from a ballonn, he says, is that it.is,' a great wilderness of water without a vessel on it for hundreds of square miles. of its surface.' An -occasional ocean or channel steamer only serves to intensify the loneliness and the de serted appearance of the water, into which, at any time, he might have de scended merely by pulling a valve and allowing a quantity of gas to escape, or even by not throwing out any ballast when the balloon began its automatic descent after reaching its highest eleva. tion. The highest a:titude he has ever reached was 5,oooft. ; but this occas. ioned no discomfort of breathing, nor has he ever been as cold in the air as when driving in a trap against the wind on a return journey after reaching land. His youngest brother's experiecce, however, was different, for on one occasion last year he went up to a height of 27,500't., and the temperature was-6ideg., or 93 deg. of frost, and the a;r was so rarefied that but for some compressed oxygen which was taken it would have been impossible to breathe. The fastest time Mr Spencer has ever travelled has been between fifty and sixty miles an hour. That, of course, is as fast as the wind blew on that occasion, for the balloon travels exactly at the speed of the wind, and so quietly that no motion whatever is felt The record at which one of Mr. Spencer's balloons has gone, however, greatly exceeds this rapid flight, for on one occasion in Somerset a balloon broke away from its moorings during a gale, and in an hour and a half it travelled to Norfolk, a distance of a8o miles, or ta20 miles an hour, the greatest speed he has ever heard of which can actually be vouched for. Wake up !You are as energatic man an ambitious one. But it is nard to get up in the morning. You feel that you could just take one maore nap, and still more. Your head is heavy. You hate to get up. Your mouth tastes had. Your breakfast does not suit, and you areirri table. When you go to work you don't feel like it. You figh t the feel ing all *tay. and a couple of hours before closing time you turn in and work like a good fellow. When it is time to stop. you ars just warmed up for a good day's work. But it is too late, and the next morning it is the same thing over again. That is not lizine-s, it is sickness-real, serious sickness-a-.d later will develop into something worse, liver trouble, blood disease or nervous prostration. There is a remedy that will put you on your feet Dr Morse's Indian Root Pills They will woke up yaur stomach, give you an appetite, put lire in your liver, a move to lour bowels, and Live you blood th t is pure, rich and red. " For the pest twelve months I havo suffered from impur ties in the b ood,' writes Mr T. J. Cummins, of Wangarrata, Vic, " which manifested hitf itn blotchy pimples, causing eus great ino nvenience. and at tunes pain About five weeks ago I coin metced to use Dr Mlorae's Indian Root Pills and am pleased tusay tht the pimples have quite disappeared, and my general health has much improved. I at:rihute this to their bl .od purifying qualities, anid would advise all so affected to give them a trial.' Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills stand alone as a perfect blood purifier, and positively cure biliousness, idigeastion dyspepsia, headache, sallow compleaion, liver and kidney troubles, piles, pimples and blotches. Price is lid per bottle, or six bottles 01 6d. Soleproprietors, The W. H Comstock Co, Lat. Aus tralian D-pot. 53 Pitt street, Sydney. They are packed it, amber bottles, and the full name blown thereon. 