THE VERACITY OF MRS. FRASER. In -view of all the circumstances of the case, there will be few people sorry that Mrs. Eraser is absolved from further punishment for the attempted murder of her husband ; but it is a Dublic scandal that this should be brought about by a deliberate perjury on her part, -which . gave an excuiSig,,. for a verdict reflecting bnt little credit ; upon the jury and damaging in no small' degree the principle of Trial fey Jury. So grave is the miscarri age of justice that it could only be properly vindicated by a prosecution 'brated Dean case, when the poisoning iof the -woman for perjury. In. the cele in her favour applied equally as forcibly:; scoundrel who was its central figure wrig-. gled his neck ont of the noose by' lying, plausibility and: hypocrisy, it ' was at; leastfound possible' to punish him as a ? perjurer, and, for that offence he received as severe a sentence as The Tocsin ever ?: desires to see served out to a murderer. Of course, the case of Mrs. Fraser is in. no other sense analogous ; ,but, if a good and sufficient excuse on the score of semi-insanity can be found for her as _a - ?would-be murderess, no extenuation exists for her as a deliberate liar. In , the first instance she was sure of general sympathy and only nominal punish ment : in the second she only inspires' disgust and contempt. . ?. Counsel referred to Praser as a cal lous brute, goading his wife by charges ae-ainst her chastitv, and bv hints against the legitimacy of their child; flaunting the red flag that infuriates, when he might easily have hoisted the white flag of love and peace. But the evidence brought to 'light the fact that Eraser's wife was not the crucified angel her counsel endeavoured to represent her as, but had on various occasions ex pressed an intention of ' doing for the doctor,' or hiring someone to do it. She, likewise, had- a strong desire for her husband to drop dead at her feet, so that she might dance a sand jig on his grave. However, as Fraser obstinately refused to give up the ghost so quietly and undemonstiatively, his faithful spouse conceived the idea of assisting to bring about that desirable end. 'With this object in view, and a revolver in her pocket, she lay ' dark off the weather bow,' and, as the enemy ap peared, her decks were promptly cleared for action. After a few recriminative salutations, the little gun was produced, a report rang out, and Fraser, with a. bullet in his brain, lay bleeding on the footpath. Accident there was none, but a well formed plan, worked out in calmer moments. The loaded revolver and the vulnerable point of attack goes to prove that murder was the intention. Her counsel adroitly used the non compos mentis argument ; but that his client had every sense alert is evidenced by the fact that she exercised her right of ' challenge ' until a fairly youthful jury was selected. A iury of young- men are inclined to be more susceptible to the charms of a handsome woman, especi ally when that woman is becomingly dressed, and has a large array of sobs in her broken voice, and tears in her ex pressive eyes. A jury of old men who have stood on the domestic battlefield amid a shower of flatirons, crockery and boiling water, fired from the fair hands of their better- halves, are not so easily influenced by sobs and tears. They know from experience that such feminine tricks are deceptive and misleading. * * * jBut fo judge matters fairly, they must be placed side by side with, their con temporaries. Viewed in the light of recent criminal actions, the acquittal of Mrs. Fraser is, to use the mildest ex pression, a miscarriage of justice. A week or two ago, Jones, the alleged Eroadford murderer, was sentenced to death. ]^o direct proof of the crime was produced, and the circumstantial evidence was of the most unreliable and flimsy character. Yet Jones goes to his death, at the hands of the common hang man. Foster, for the attempted murder of Ins paramour in North Melboure (a case similar in design and execution to Mi's. Prater's), expiates his crime by a term of ten years' imprisonment. The young woman Heffernan, seduced and deserted by one she had' trusted, in a moment of frenzy, drowned her off spring, but being unschooled iu the noble art of emotional sobs and scalding tears, an unsympathetic jury brought in a verdict of , wilful murder. True, no highly- priced and fluent barrister hy pnotised his eloquence the arbiters of those prisoners' fate. They were all pooi1, and of no social consequence. Mrs. Fraser had a certain standing in society ; she was a woman of education and refinement; her bondsmen were ^publicly well known as men of position a^M wealth ; consequently, she took her stanydshi the dock under the most favour able circumstances. And here we may pause and^isk oursejysjy-ijad the worship of wealth al^ .Power anytl^g to -|o with the acr^lial of the prisoner^ Tie same argumeils that were put f ortwra in the cases of Foster and Heffernan ; but they being poor, were unable to pay the fee necessary to : lure from his chambers the white- wigged advocate. The fount of justice ought to be above the breath of snspicion, so, that the starving, betrayed, demented mother may receive 'the same full justice and the same rightpous modicum of mercy as the well-off hysterical wife of a doc tor. ???-.. ?. . - ? * ? » - * ? . Mrs. Fraser represents a distinct type of female, dangerous in the highest de gree to the male sex. From her sort come the heroes of Mount Renuie and Sufneld cases, and it is a scientific fact that she herself is only a variation of those delectable specimens of femininity Their leading characteristic is cranki ness at certain periods, accompanied by suspiciousness, violence and unveracity. The unfortunate husband of one of them; if ignorant of the 'purely physical cause of- their outbreaks, may be easily driven to murder, suicide,drink, infidelity, or other form of crime or vice; while the man who, like Dr. Fraser, knows the explanation, and does not take it too seriously, may easily acquire the reputation of acallous^ brute, and be subject to the lying slanders and chagrined violence of his demented wife. The private diaries of medical men swarm with notes on such cases;, and the history of any one of them will probably be found to have originated in a physical irregularity peculiar to women of a ceitain tempera ment. Women of this sort will wreck the lives of the best of husbands, and when, as in the Fraser case, each party accuses the other of making life a hell, it will generally be found that the hell fire was first lighted by a spark of sus-. picion, unjust and insane, .struck from the dementi d brain of the wife. * * * This last lie of Mrs. Fraser's is not, however, to be classified with the lies which are among the symptoms of her disease, It is not a lie against her hated husband, whom probably she would live with again to-morrow and bullet again the day after, but is a lie^to save herself from the consequences of an act committed in haste and insanity, and repented of at leisure and in compara tive sanity. It proves her not only to be an unfortunate woman, but also a wicked woman, 'and considerably dis counts all her awful accusations against her husband. The Tocsin is quite pre pared to believe a reasonable portion of the charges against Dr; Fraser, but, at the same time, it is certain that in nine instances out of ten the doctor was pro voked beyond endurance by his wife. Oases such as these are among the secret tragedies of humanity, and it is deplor able that when one of them breaks out like this, the woman should be able to brand the man as a deliberate black guardly brute, and, by a lie, whitewash herself amid the plaudits of a crowd of stupid and ignorant females. It is not hard to understand the motives of the fury, although they were such as would have been sternly pat aside by twelve honourable men sworn to faithfully per form a certain duty. They doubtless thought the woman had been sufficiently punished, and, while certain of her guilt, were yet glad to grasp at any sort of an excuse for setting her free. In this they did distinctly wrong, and they should be emphatically impressed with the fact that in so doing they have not helped Mrs. Fraser, but have put her in a worse position than she was before. It is the distinct duty of the Crown to do this, and the woman should be made to stand her trial .for perjury, even if she be at once released upon her own recognisances as soon as she is found guilty. - What member of Parliament is go ing to move a resolution in the People's House — (i.) That not more than 8 hours shall be a full day's work, and that not more than 48 hours shall be a full week's work, for all labour, skilled and unskilled, in the employ of the Government of Victoria, the Metro politan Board of Works, the Harbour Trust, the Municipal Councils, and all other public or semi-public bodies. . (2.) That wages for the whole or any por tion of the colony shall be fixed by a, Board to be chosen by both parties, or constituted by the Chief Sec, after the manner of factory boards. (3.) That the Government shall give legislative effect to these resolutions, 