Late Duke of Saxe-Coburg. An extraordinary incident in Australian his tory is recalled by. the death of tho Doke of Saxo-Coburg, better known as the Duke of Edinburgh. Ho camo to Sydney curly in tho year 1S68, on a pleasure trip, . and to get some idea - of tho antipodes. . A largo 'public picnic in connection with the Sailors' Homo was arranged for tho 12th of March of that your, and the Prince, who held u commission in tho navy, was invited to grace tho proceedings. Tho picnic was held at Clontarf, Middle Harbour. Everything' passed oil pleasantly until,' as tho Prince wa9 walking ncross the grounds" with the late' Sir William Manning, a shot rang out abovo tho shouts of laughter, and tho Princo staggered and fell. As ho was falling' another shot was fired ; it took effect in tho foot of Mr., afterwards tho Hon. Georgo Thorn. , The attempted assassin was instantly seised by tho late Mr. W. Vial, and overpowered ; tlio pistol still smokiug iu his hand. His name turned out to ho O'Farrell. He narrowly escaped lynch law then aud there, as indeed did his captor, who at first was mistaken for the criminal. Tho Prince was seriously but not mortally wounded, and ultimately he quito recovered. On the 30th and 31st of March O'Farrell stood his trial before Judge Cheeke. He was convicted aud sontenced to death, and the extromo penulty was carried -out at Darlinghurst gaol three weeks later, A very powerful agitation was set on foot for his re prieve. , Tho ground of tho plea for morcy was that O'Farrell was demented, and that he was. not responsible for his acts. The doings of Fenians elsewhere had greatly inflamed publio feeling; hat even the Prince himself was desirous that O'Farroll's life should bo spared. -The' Government of the day were disposed to leniency, but the opposing forces were obdurate, and O'Farrell paid the last dread penalty us stated. Not Jong after this, the lato Sir Henry, then plain Henry, Parkes had occasion to visit Kiama, a town on the south coast. He had high ambitions again to grasp tho reins of power, which ho had not long before laid down, and ho took advantage of the spirit of tho times, and when at Kiama, delivered an alarmist, an almost, inflammatory, hurangue upon tho O'Farrell incidont. Not so much by direct assertion or open avowal, as by veiled innuendo, and dark hints, lio iravo the people to understand that the Government were really iu connivance with O'Farrell, and that their conduct accounted for their manifested dispo sition to let the attempted assassin off. Accord ing to Mr. Parkos, there was a widespread and powerful organisation of Fenians in the country, of which O'Farrell Was the instru ment. He throw" out sinister hints as to the persons in high places who were connected with this incendiary body, and also of the future cataclysms which it was their atten tion to precipitate. Tbo reports of tho speech created . intense excitement; and serious consequences seemed .likely to follow. Many leading men loudly denounced Mr. Parkes, whom they accused of tin at tempt to" subvert tho Government- by foul means. Happily the nine days' wonder quickly subsided, and thenceforth Mr. Parkes's scare was known as the "Kiama Ghost." All through his subsequent career this matter/was continually thrown at him in jibe and cartoon, and even his federal utterances wero discounted by its regular repetition in tbo hostile Press. Another enrious" incident in the late duke'a career was developed by his becoming tbo Duko of Saxe-Coburg. Prior to that be wus a prinoo of tho realm, a member of the House of Lords, and a Privy Councillor. In other words, ho was a British subject of very high standing. Tho question was, if on his be coming Dnko of Saxe-Coburg, he coased to bo a British subjeot. Thero was the further question of his right and title to the two annuities of £15,000 and £10,000 respec tively which he reoeived from tho Imporial Treasury. In accepting tho dukedom of Saxo-Coburg, lio bocamo a semi- sovereign porson ; and at the - same time he became a suzerain to tho Emperor of "Gormany, who actually administered the oath. By taking these now relations, had- ho ceased to owe allegiance to tho Quocn of Great Britain? Thoro wus no positive law that could bo applied to such a case, and thoro hud not been enough oxamplos from which to form a general rule.' According to common law; no British subject can throw off his allegiance ; but by naturalisation laws this thing may ho dono. Tho question - was if tho ' Duko of Edinburgh did throw off his allegiance when he hoenrae Dnke of Snxo-Cobnrg. The difficulty never was sutiBfaotorily - oleared up. ' The Diiko resigned tho annuity granted to him > as a young prince, but .'retained- tho 'annuity granted to him to maintain bis separate establishment in England, for ho. said that ho intended still to maintain it, and to spend part of his timo in England. His name as that of a Privy Councillor was struok off the ' list ; and it was left to the Houso of Lords .to "say if lie should ceaso to bo a member of that House. The difficulty there seems to havo. been overcome by omitting to . send to him a writ ofnotiee to attend Parlia ment. His too early, death hos finally settled all difficulties.- ' Ordinary books of reference on- great men, frommne of whiah we took ourskctoh of his pSrsonul history; yesterday, will 'suffico to afford'thd readet'most necessary details of liiB personal history.' Thoro' tiro many persons who j ) could., recall amusing little, inoi-. "dents . of his,, visit to, ' Australia. It is amongst the - logonds in . Sydnoy that the then head- of the polico nearly carried off all tho honours on the duke's landing. . That oxcclloiit individual, who still-lives, beaded tho mighty prooossion. Ho was mounted oii. a horse which ourvottod and pranced as if carrying tho duko himself. At many places along the lino the humbler spectators , remarked, , " Here Ho is, and how beautifully ho sits liia horse !" They also recall . the incident of his leaving Govern ment Houso to receive du address from the Sunday sohool ohildron of -Sydney, and of his being so evidently moved when about a tWuMndyoung voicesvrang out < 1 God Siwej tho Queen."'. It was the firat odoasion of his hearing it on this eide'of. the ' world.,, - Thoro are many , pleasing mementoes of that visit. The duko's death ' will again bring them , to .: mitid.-- .Wo - are '. sure that wo- express tho feolin'gs of this; com munity, when - expressing deepest sympathy with the Queen on the'.loss :of her childron. This. is the second son who has! departed during' the mother's' 'lifetime; and one daughter! the amiable Alice, long ago went on beforo. This incident - again evokes the prayer, - " GOD SAVE THE QUEEN/' . . 