[?] plHlMrfHOME. BrfeBik. t,J> [?] ;. A BEACTION. ' Sbfi,ieeps?.o still tjiat I fegl i Ijaxl Sroiit her said Landlord' Jffite to his wife the -pcxt mornr ing'sfter Amy had tfefeh ittipriBhhed ' in the ehed. "Just go and take a a j := seep at hereto see tuat sue isn t ai- jtogetliS5dead.'' C ' - Ci „ ; i«0£ ttli-etftii' 1M» Jiolstr I T ftAiiatrA you'refif&td;'fiKt she is fleao," an-' SWeredJJieAvomati. V Bat to please . yon rH'l&spioto;'n bbr." " ' '' How busy Dave was just then, cramming down jbis flood, as if he 1 j- never >ecb»i tdsee another IbreaU- fest, not daring to look up lest his : faceshouWhetAylfim.'" vrv- Why; the door is unlocked, and : ji the girl gone I", said the woman; in 2 anrprisa "Gone?" cried Dave and the landlord in a breath, springing to ; their fqgt at the same time, and- mahing to the shed. " Yshe'sjgone,". repeated Mrs. White, a look of baffled rage coming ever her fe.ee, "and some one helped her, too. Was it you?" she asked, turning sharply on (he boy. " Me ? Mother White, who do you take meTdr t: Sifter your warning last night; fit ' is baldly, likely thai ' X would 1 interfere again. Besides, yon locked the door, and 1 hain't no keys of yours, "have 11" " Kof'that I know of," she re- yum im a qutvca wuv| wuipiown , deceived-by his manner and look of Ptf innocence.; ll> "1 guess that the spirits, which ; the people are talking so much ; about, helped her to get away," he said, after a few momenta of .anxi ous deliberatioa " Get out of this, you young ras- C cah with.your stories of hobgoblins and spirits.' Who says there are ghosts in this house ?" asked the woman, every nerve in her body shaking .with superstitious dread, r - A. new idea flashed into Dave's brain. " l say so. X see a ghost every night walking in the long passage near your room, moaning : and wringing her hands. X bave jatoodand watched ber, and I 'know . jit is Amy's mother, for she keeps j I - calking about her child." p The boy did not stop to consider K" , Jbatghosfcarenot usually invested ' with colloquial powers, at least not jjjpTjinjoe Mays of. Hamlet, and his i ylfeteneraao 'note of it, for they >v ' stood, pnth" distended eyes, drink- fit ' "Ing incveiy word, as the boy en- laigedion the appearance of the un- aarthly apparition, with the tradi tional white gown floating about her. |f tho girl Bbould be dead — drowneddierself, for instance— J.-" to sleep for jthejmoamng — — r But Dyoididn't finish the sen- ; : fence, for his mistress made a plunge B at him, which he dextrously avoided, f- and fled from the kitchen, taking refuge in Die stable, and gave ex- i?" pression to Some of the boisterous mirth that was convulsing him with Bsslaaghter. Two hours efter.the lad J?6-entered the inp, bearing in his ||. band asopked; shoe, such as Amy |pj?: had . worn jflie evening before, and ii;- held it np to the mistress. "Xt isjierBjand lipund it swim- k.-. tnin' on the "ineadow spring. The fig water looked pollack and mad-like ; I®;, that X almost turned sick." gp5; : ' ;The rivictkm-'seemecl to come g|; OT her by degrees that she had llvdriven thei girltocomniit . spicule, KSISlijit whehiit settled itself into truth, . pllrijwery yesfcjge of coloufjleft.her fate, B||ij|md shewed, (p<n (he room. PtTiiiiflwr Vu&ttbj; found h er, Ky.pnd At jonce fluggttcJ Jhat ;the gKiiipnng be-drogged-fer-toe-body. KBiiE/Ho, iao," " she cried, in alarm. t'.Vouldyou havinc.'knpwiijSsthe.j S;.|Ppe;odfdve'her Just you 1 Piawv A woid-about |L TH mahc , lhBeven St Sk too karro to hold I don't," piep fie replied, j it war for thp. [?] from the saddle tuid she exclaimed ; "It ib herl It is Edith Mere- dith!" < CHAPTER VII. ' ; TINPI.EiSANT QUESTtONS. , " The lady is asking for me, did you say, Dave ? Just tell ber that .I'll be down in a moment Why, -art you Standing there, staring at me like a fool ?" "'Cause you look mighty like a ghost," was the imprudent reply of the boy, as he gazed at the white fece of the woman he had come to enntmnn r' A look of luge flashed into her eyes, and coming closer to the lad, she caught him roughfy by the neck. " Don't you say a word about that girl if they ask you, or I'll ' choke ytiu. just sol? and her fingers closed tightly over his throat. He made an effort to disengage 1 himself, as a ray of intelligence shot into his eyes. Be kucw now why the woman looked so pale and shook like a leaf, for he had seen the beautiful girl down stairs be fore, and like a flash, it came to him that she was the one that Amy had told him about "Let go my neck, and I'll pro mise you anything," he said. " And keep it, too ?" ' Yes, indeed. Trust me to keep my word. Dave Roberts never forgets a promise." The fingers relaxed their hold, and, breathing more freely, the Imiv departed to report that the mistress would be along as soon as possible. When he was gooe, Mrs White book aown sue aress uiae sue nau 1 worn to Amy's aunt's, more than | six weeks before, and hastily made her toilet, smoothing her hair as she j looked about for the glasses which she wore before strangers, because it looked more respectable, she ; thought. Sot finding them, she mechanic- : ally thrust her hand into her pocket , and pulled out — not the glasses — but. the money that Amy had been accused of stealing. This did not serve to calm her troubled mind, but nutting on the best lace pos- sible, sbe went down, smiling and bowing to the lady and gentleman with an obsequiousness that nearly ! upset Editli'6 gravity. I Oscar at once broached the sub ject. " My sister tells mc that she, ou a former occasion, met a vouug girl here. Can we see her ?" " To be sure you could , if the dear child was here ; but a tenable acci dent has happened since your sister saw her. The creek was very high, and just as the poor girl was cross ing it she fell in, and that's the last that has ever been beard of her." " It is very strange that we heard nothing of this, and living not more than eight miles from here," replied the gentleman, suspiciously. "Was "the body never found? ! asked Edith, with a face as pale as 1 a pond lily. " Bless your heart, the water was too high for anything of that kind. Couldn't begin to drag the stream : with that flood rusbiug along." : What was her name 1" asked : Oscar, abruptly. " Amy Jones. Now I come to | think of it, your sister married a i Jones, didn't she ?" " My sister's marriage has nothing to do with the subject, madam, j Please confine yourself to it in your remarks," was the haughty reply, Edith, I can see no use in our rc- j maining here auy longer." | " Nor I. Oh, Oscar, who could tiavedreamed of our mission ending In this way ?" and the tear's sprang ' ?tn her avcs He bent his head, and whispered: | " Be calm, Edith. Don't parade ! your sorrow before these people, or our secret will be theirs." —"She hastily dried up her tears, and passed out, leaning on her fbrotbefs arm, bravely keeping back the grief that was swelling her bosom. The horses were waiting, held by ; the landlord; and lifting his sister 1 into the saddle, Gstar tossed the \ man a crown fur his trouble, and j ,they galloped away. Miss Mere- j dijth Was a good rider, hut it re- ! 'quired alllier skill to keep her seat, ha,' turning a sudden bend in the road, iier horse gave a quick plunge, ' HHd"8hied"to-the other side of the J gentleman sharply of a hoy, who 'had jumped over the fence and scared the animaL ""'5 /_ "I mean to be here fu3tAow," was the sullen TuaPe a nice way to talk to a person when he"kanta 'to be of use to you. Ob, llolly5! -didn't that old woman lie fcpffiejdickeuS I"' t-..-,) , ru (ljrAfke'dHkhaneito.jtelllrw: , |pi0HW|n'®wiBi diiw:(ion iipfrnthe : ftouSeiid'i'aking h'ististnimmvin- 1 finSik5#Sifenep:1;-;for%hfe said 'She'd me B A '-J»' if jr. - ii I'm; almoattpnt of breath." About two V'eeksjAfter. you folks drove away in ' sufch high glee, 'Mother White came into the kitchen and told Amy that she bad robbed ber. The girl turned like a ghost, and almost swore that 6be hadn't seen the money, but the woman shut ber up in the wood-shed, saying that she Bbould stay there till shB con fessed. I tried to keep her out, Jout the old one pitched me to the other side of the kitchen, and threw the poor thing in more dead than j alive. I was cunning enough for I her, though, and after the; were all asleep I stole down and took Amy nut +n numn wncllfiil VlM fllflA till she came to, and gave her all the money X had to take her to New York. Mother White really believes | that she is drowned, for I brought ! in a shoe next morning, letting ou j that I found it in the water. I i did, hut 1 put it there, too." j " Did Amy know any one in New | York V asked the gentleman. " An old woman that used to i keep house for her father. She ; i thought that she could fiud her." " Gloat Heaven !" cried Oscar, j glowing pale in au iustaut. "Just think of that child, alone in the great city, without borne, friends, or money, hunting for a person, who may have moved a dozen times since she knew her. Edith, she had far better be lying beneath the cold waves, I fear." " You don't think 6he has come to harm, do you ?" asked the lad. " It is impossible to think other wise. But you meant well, and | your secret shall be kept, for the time at least." l ou ii try to nna ner, may oe i said Dave, doubtfully. " 1 shall leave no means untried to do so. Can I aid you in any way ?" asked Oscar. "If you can help me to a situa tion, where I could find time to pick up a little learning from books now and then, I'd be mighty much obliged to you." " Do you want an education ?" asked the gentleman, looking at him in some surprise. " More than auy thing on earth," Tlni'n mifli an oufrprnPRS uuanuiw mvu «>u that- almost trausfiguved his homely, freckled face into a handsome one. " I promised my mother on her dy ing bed to learn all I could — to study hard if I got the chauce." " I'll remember your kindness to Amy," was the gentleman's brief reply. " Good-bye." CHAPTER VIII. ALONE. The feeling of loneliness that came over Amy, when 6he fully realized j that she was lost in the great city, i baffles description ; and sinkiug i flnwn nn a Ktf»n. woarv and liunirrv. the girl began to cry. Tue beauti ful faith in a diviue power, which had been instilled into her mind fruin early infancy, seemed to recede i from her. Presently a man's foot- | steps sounded on the pavement ol | the lonely street near her, and she ; jumped to her feet with a cry of j alarm. Tho stranger came close enough to speak. " Don't be alarmed," he said, " I'll ! not hurt you. What are you doing out so late ?" His tone and kindly manner re assured her, and going toward him, she exclaimed : " Oh, dear, kind sir, 1 am lost. Please, will you put me into -Thirty -second street ? I have just arrived here, aud must ! look for my friends." The pale beams front a neighbor- ing gas-lamp iell on her lace, and its exquisite beauty 6truck the man at once. Turning to the light he took out liis watch. " A beautiful girl lost in this great city at two o'clock in the morning ! Who'll be the wiser if she's never heard from at home ?" he thought. " Have you auy friends ?" he asked, ! aloud. " None except the oue I am look ing for," was the imprudent reply. " I am an orphan." j A gleam of triumph shot into the- 1 man's cyei. " Suppose you'go' home: i with use to-night, and find your j frieuds in the morning," he said, in i an insinuating tone. ! " You are verv. verv kind to mc. Papa always told me . that God would tois wer prayer, and'! was praying when you came along. I jun.ure, le.sent jfou tohelp ipe/' Jshefadded,'eageriy, ashamed of the wpak doubts that had arisen in her hour of peril The gentleman — he was well pressed, and called himself one — kmotbered an exclamation pf dis gust befm;eitlefi.his,ji|js,anddraw- !ing her®lnd;iHkngto®ii| agjpi! ed | After fifteen minutes ofiast walk ing, he paused before a handsome hoiise, took out a latch-key, un- ,oijked the door, and- jisherefL bip .strange guest into tlti n5m?. Hbe ..entered without a doubt of honour ofthe man, ieltjip miagiwpgs for -the future, aidl e|h|a(|J|p the; soft pillow, 'when she was shown to' her room, with a prayer of thanks on her; lips to toe Father, who had becpiPO mindful of her. , rffl I it%. Contin,i.f\j% 