'THE BISHOP'S ADDRESS TO SYNOD. Following is the fnll text of the address of the CLord Bishop of Newcastle at the, opening .of tho ? Synod of the diocojo of Newcastle on Tuesday laat : My Becthrdit op the Clergy and Laity, — Kent by the [rood hand of our God upon us, and welcomed by fellow-members of the Church in New castle, wo meet to-day in our Cathedral City for the third session of thia Twelfth Synod. Our aynodieal visit to Maitland last year left auch an impression of our good behaviour that a renewed welcome awaited us there if the prior claim of Newcastle had not pre vailed against it. I am not quite sure that we ?would find kind hosts so ready to entertain us if that fifth Canon of the ancient^ Council of Nicea ?were auddenly revived, which enjoined that Synods should be held twieo in every year — one before Lent, and a second at the season of autumn — ?specially aa the following Council, that of Constan tinople, refers in ita first Cancn to Nicea as having had 318 fathers present. The Apostolic ' Didache,' of primitive dato, forbade travelling clergy to stay longer than three dayB in ono place, and the old Sarum Synod Ordinal limited a session to tho same time. Even Synods should beware of wearing out their welcome. Our Roll of Members shows little change among those who actually attended last year. The Rev. C. G. A. Monro takes his place here |as curate of S. Peter's, East Maitland, and Mr. C. J. H. King joins us aa representative of S. .Mary's, 'West Maitland/ in place of the late Mr. Prentice. TIIE LATE DEAN SELWYN. 'When we met laat year wo regretted the absence of Dean Selwyn through illness, and behind that regret there lurked fear that his illness would prove fatal. Our fear was too well founded, for on the 27th of the following piontli of J une he ' fell on ?sleep.' By his death wo have lost the earliest father of this diocese, for ho was ordained to tho priesthood in 1853. Brought in his young man 'hood under the masterful influence of Biahop Tyrrell, he caught the spirit of his leader, and fol lowed him with a loyalty which verged on admir ing devotion. The transition period of the Colonial Church forty years ago, which, forced her to under take the responsibility of self-government — through . all her struggles in self-adjustment to new condi tions, through all the experiments in Church legislation, all the exciting debates in Provincial Synod when Newcastle usually led the opposition — ?this was a gymnasium for the young atlileti# mind ?of Arthur Edward Selwyn. The memory of those oontests never lost their enlivening interest, though they had ceased to live, save only in fireside talk. The late Dean was an ecclesiastical statesman. General and Provincial Synods were his congenial sphere. The fact that he had held only two parishes is proof of his resourcefulness. A weaker man would have worn threadbare mentally in half that time. Like hia first Bishop henover visited Eng land since arrival in his youth ; yet he managed to keep pace with the progress of affairs. His activity of mind found delight in dipping into current ?topics, which often left their colour upon his natural susceptibility, although he liked to tako ?original views of things. Ho has left a blank which few can fill. Newcastle itself looks round to see that upright form and thoughtful face so fami liar among its oldest oitizons. His life wa3 a '{history, for he had seen many changes in Church :and colony. As a personal friend, and as host at his own table, we members of Synod need no description, for his hospitality was royal. His instinctive refinement as a truo English gentleman shone at his table. 'What he was to his parishioners ?was seen on that sad day when our mournful pro cession preceded all that was mortal of him to tho cemetery which his own taste had beautified with Avenues of trees. On that day the Mayor of tho ?city, and ministers of other churches than our own, joined our company as sharers of our sorrow, while tna Btreets OI .Newcastle were iiuuu wiou ruvereiii, crowds, whose silence spoke their profound respect for him who had lived amongst them as a public spirited, exemplary citizen, and had ministered to their spiritual needs through more than thirty years. In this 'backward viow we see Mrs. Selwyn scarcely less conspicuous than . the Dean, because her active part in all good works that lay within her. sphere endeared her to everyone. 'We cherish the picture of their lives, atill together in their quaint old homo — of him as a large-minded, high :aouled, faithful priest and Christian gentloman, ?worthy of the noble name he. bore, and of her as his gentle, self-surrendered wife, devoted to his person and his parish. DIOC1SAW CJIAHGB3. There are others, if not Synodsmen, yet fellow workers, who, like the Dean, 'served their genora tion'hy the will of God,' and whom we must men tion in our obituary. The Rev. Frederick 'William Addams, ordained in 1845, and holding the inoum .lioncy of S. Paul's, Paterson, from 1846 till 1884, haa broken one more living link with the long past. He eame to Paterson before this diocese was born, and when Bishop Broughton was bishop ' of all he surveyed,' from Hobson'a Bay to Carpentaria. He waa one of the twelve olorgy whom Bishop Tyrrell, on hia arrival, found already stationed by Bishop Broughton to ministor as beat they oould from the Hawkesbury to the northernmost part of Australia. Latterly Mr. Addams became ono of that Newcastle clerical settlement at Petersham, ?whose procession into All Saints' Church is so appropriately brought up by our ever- eateemed brother, the Rev. R. E. Goddard. Of our Lay ^Helpers, Mr. Robert Lloyd Alison, Churchwarden of Christ Church, Dungog, for no less than thirty five yeara, his entered into rest. Mra. Luke, ?widow of a former treasurer of Synod, and sister Archdeacon 'White, has beon called homo. Charles Clarence Sanders, a young and earnest lay reader, has also gone from us. Mrs. Wetherill, to whom we referred in 1897 as a Sunday school teacher for 42 years, now resta from her labours. Turning from these to our fellow labourers whoso ?work is not yet o'er, wo welcome back the Rev. E. La Baj-to after his short holiday in England. Tho Rev. G. B. Stephenson has removod from S. Peter's, East Maitland, to S. AuguBtino's, Merewother, and liia place has been filled by tho Rev. C. G. A. Monro, from Queensland. The Rev. R. V. King is leaving Merriwa to take charge of Coopernook in succession to tho Rev. H. D. Hilder, who leaves for Bathurst. A Canonry became vacant on the death . of the Dean, and I conferred itupon thfl^Rov. John Shaw, B.A., of S. John's College, Cambridge, and Incumbent of S. Paul's, Paterson, whose ability, scholarship, and faithful ministry have long since lodged him in the heart of the diocese. Among our Lay Readers, Mr. H. W. Gaggin, for thirty-five years Reader at S. John's, Clarence Town, has beon deservedly honoured with an address and Bible by the parishioners, ana Mr. Ainsue A. i eatcs nae taken the M.A. Degree at Sydney University at the early age of twenty-one. Church building has not stood still. A atone church has been built nt Merriwa, chiefly through the liberality of Mrs. 'Wilson and Mr. Bettington. In the Bame parish a similar but smaller church haa been built at Cassilis. Both these now churches replace old wooden ones of many memories and of mueli decay. At Fullerton Cove a neat church has been erected and opened free of debt. At East Greta, in the parish of S. Mary's, West Maitland, a small church has been built. At Marten's Creek, in the parish of Paterson, a similar church has been opened. Two new churches have beon built oa the Macdonald River by the onergy of Rev. F. A. Cadell. The Parsonage at 'Wollombi has been thoroughly repaired at a cost of X150. A memorial ?window in memory of the late George 'Broniliotd has been placed in S. Paul's, West Maitland, and a window memorial of Archdeacon Child is ready for erection in S. James', Morpeth. Arrangements aro in progress for a church at Toronto, whoro Mr. Newraareh, with characteristic zeal, conducts ser vices alternately in connection with Teralba. Tho Rev. W. F. and Mrs. James still conduct tho Sea men's Mission, which I regret to say has not yet becomo diocesan. Last, not least, the Rev. T. W. Ramrn lms cleared off tho debt on Hamilton Church, to the relief of all concerned. 0 si sic amncs ! Tlio number of candidates presented for confir mation in 1899 was 778, of whom 341 wore males and 437 females. If tho list appended is not long, owing to tho Newcastle parishes having Confirma tion only bieninally, I am glad to express my satis faction at the reveront demeanour of the candidates, bearing evidence of their careful preparation. ? Owing to frequent change of residence among young persons in towns, and tho up-growth of senior scholars in our Sunday schools, I think that annual confirmations nre expedient there. Candidates ?who come from Bible' Classes in Sunday schools ? ought to be fairly instructed already, and needing little more tjmn that pastoral direction which is an essential element in their preparation. Unifor mity of head dress among female candidates may be.' unattainable, but I desire . it to be simple and slight, that the solemn act of imposition of hands may not bo impeded by excess of millinery. EionT rev. Bisnor strhtch, d.d. For some months after the Dean's death the Pro Cathedral authorities desired that for a time, at least, the Bishop should assumo the oflico of Dean. The arrangement was true to Church order, and brought the Bishop into closer relation with the inner working of the Cathedral parish, wliilo it tended to bring tho parishes of the dioeeso into closer relation with tho Cathedral. The plan suc ceeded so far as the Bishop's many engagements allowed. It enabled him to invite ono and another of the clergy, specially those holding country euros, to preach in the Pro-Cathedral. This helped them to realise the cathedral character of Christ Church, which has been too much obscured. In the Church's view a whole dioeeso is but one parish, having tho Cathedral as its Mother Cliuich, and all the clergy with their congregations centred in it. Recently a most happy event has occurred, which will release the Bishop from his duties as Dean, because he has the unexpected opportunity of conferring them upon a brother Bishop, who has consented to tako charge of the Pro-Cathedral and parish. Wo regret the circumstances which havo deprived a diocese in anothor colony of the valuablo assistance of the Right Rev. Bishop Stretch, D.D., but as the circumstances havo occurred we aro heartily thankful that the gain is ours. It would be imper tinent, as it would be superfluous, for me to speak in eulogy of a brother Bishop, for I could not speak of him in' terms other than eulogistic. Hia name and fame have long since spread abroad throughout Australia. Everyone seems to know him already. Ho is a born son of the Church in Australia. Our welcome comes from the warm heart of the whole diocese. £or mysen jl snaii work as a double Bishop, and I hope that a double portion of episcopal blessing will flow forth from the Cathedral to the Diocese. Whilo speaking thus, let me give expression to my sense of high esteem for the Rev. Charles Bice in his difficult position during the past months. His assiduous attendance on. tho late Dean during his illness, | togethor with his painstaking conduct of the ser vices and hia sympathetic discharge of pastoral duties through the months which have since elapsed, will always be remembered with thankful appreciation. CATHEDRAL COMPLETION SCIMMH. I hope that ..the arrival of Bishop Stretch, and his concentration of energy' upon the Cathedral, will greatly advance the Building Completion Scheme. Tho Committee have now brought their scheme within what ought to be measurable distance. The architecture of English Cathedrals shows that they were built in part3 because tlio builders were over taken from time to time by a new style of architecture, and unconaervatively they abandoned the old and adopted the new style. Winchester, Hereford, and others are histories of architecture in stone. We must admit that it is hard, probably inexpedient if not impossible, for one generation of Church people to build a Cathedral throughout. Yet 'something accomplished, something done' ought to earn their ' night's repose.' The Com mittee havo sought advice, and find that they can complete the whole of the nave, and leave the choir to be finished afterwards. Adelaide Cathedral is half built. It is idle to wish now that years ago some plan had been accepted which would have better lent itself to progressive construction. The 'WTio does tlio best hia circumstance allows Does well, acts nobly: nngela oould no more. The cost of this work ought not to be beyond reach. The cost is estimated at .£7,000. Towards this sum tho Christian Knowledge Society's conditional grant of £1, 000 will be available. The three years' scheme already promises X2684. If the scheme is taken up in every parish, and by every parishioner, the work would be easily and speedily accomplished. In our day we ought to make part of the building avail able for worship. His Excellency the Governor, at the Diocesan Festiv.il, remarked that our site for a Cathedral is unrivalled. He did not think a better site possible. Viewed from tho harbour, or any where else, the site Bhould make each member of the Church ask the question, ' What am I going to do towards finishing the Cathedral t' He said the sum required for the completion is a modest ono when compared with the vast sums raised at home for , Church work in cities not much larger than Newcastle. The truth is that its past history and present condition have madeNewcastleCathedrala. byword and a proverb in Church circles. We can redeem it from reproach by finishing enough for public worship. W e boast of having the second city in the colony, and yet Goulburn has got before us in Cathedral building. We do not wantto illuatrate tho saying, ' The first shall b' last.' Tho lay members of Synod can help effectively in their own localities. I believe the money ia there, but waits to be collected. The machinery for collection ia ready, only colleetora in their respective parishes are required. DIOCESAN FESTIVAL. I hope that the Diocesan lFestival, held on December 13th, under the presidency of His Excellency the Governor, and. assisted by ' the presence of His Grace the Archbishop and the Rev. W. Flower, M.A., late Archdeacon of Grafton, will be followed by an annual festival in years to come. We all feel the sympathy of numbers, and the enthusiasm kindled by meeting for-a good common causo. The twelve parishes or districts of Newcastle alone would ensure a large meeting; or if tho festival were held in Maitland the town and surrounding pariahes would equally provide for numorical success. His Excellency laid ub under deep obligation, not only by his presence, but by hia very helpful address. Our Archbishop followed with wise words on the constituents of Christian giving, and the Rev. Willoughby Flower well described the continuity of the Church through times of renovation. A Diocesan Festival is more than an annual meeting for some approved object. It is rather the parade ground for a diocesan - review. It is tho popular counterpart of a Synod Session. Indeed, we might profitably consider whether auch Festival might not form tho recognized sequel to a Synod Session, provided that the previous days have not exhausted our energies and power of speech. At all events, for the future our motto will be ' Floreat Festum.' GENERAL SYNOD. The coming General Synod has been summoned a year in advance of its time. This is due partly to tho fact that we are in the year 1900. Although it may not inaugurate the twentieth century, yet it has an interest' which all must feel to be impressive. As we head our letters with this new dato we aro conscious of having stopped across a line which puts us in thought, at least far beyond the past year. Feelings do not caro to calculate nicely when the next century begins, for somehow the figures 1900 look at ua from tho paper with solemn suggestive ness. Future General Synods will recur at their quifiquennial periods moie easily reckoned from the present time. But it was the Jubilee of the Australian Board of Missions which chiefly determined the time ; f ir the A. B. M. naturally wished to celebrate its fiftieth birthday surrouided by just that goodly company of clergy and laity representing all dioceses in Australia, as only tho General Synod can call together. Our Session of 189G left a balance of half finished work which will be carried forward for settlement. Amongstit was a determination introduced by Bishop Cooper, and which passed its first reading. Its object was to confer on the General Synod power to legislat ; absolutely on matters affecting the Church as a whole. It seeks to abolish the private gates of diocesan obstruction on tho public roads of common progress. Tho. Superannuation scheme is being piloted by Archdeacon Langley, who will do his best to float it. The schemo has stuck too long on the shallows of vested interests. Perhaps we only VTf\RfA r.fvncmlf,5n-T fiminnml onwmnnra 141™+.'^ late Mr. Black and others. It may bo wiser to loavo the existing funds whore they are, and to unitedly construct an entirely now scheme, largo, compre hensive, modern, built on tho best actuarial lines and 'fitted with tho engines of rational persuasion, which will speed it over tho waterB of universal adoption. Would not the plan forsuch construction bo found at once in Schedule 2 of our Widows and Orphans Fund and in our Clergy Superannuation Fund ? Tho over vexed question of the Primacy will meet us aa usual. Tho refusal of tho Sydnoy Synod to accept Determination 1 of 1801 leaves Determina tion 1 of 1881 still in force. Thoso of us who wero proBent at that Synod remember that aftor much hammering, in which tho strong arm of Bishop Moorliouse exerted itself, wo thought tlio new machine would work well. Obviously the alternative schemo was ita best part, and it is that part ombodied in Determination 1 of 1891, with oxra conccssion to tho Sydnoy sido of the Committee. In the two elections of 1883 and 1889 recourse has been had to the alternative Committee method. The submission of three names to the Bishops and tho unavoidable publication of them here and in England was a weak place, which is not solvitur but dissolvitur ambulando, for it has broken down twice. Many of us would deeply regret if Sydnoy wero to provoko tho General Synod to remove the Primacy from what is historically our Canterbury. Memories of Bishop Broughton aro rooted thore. Orfr aroliajology is found there : S. Jo mcs' so memorial of tho Macquarie period, or S. Matthew's, Windsor, of tho Broughton period, and of which our own S. Paul's, Paterson, is a pure specimen. Let ua hope that wise counsels Trill prevail, find tliat Sydney will come to terms with all tho other dioceses, and so avert a historical disaster. JUBILEE OF BOARD^ OP MISSIONS. Tho bi-contenary of tho Society for tho Propaga tion of the Gospel synchronises with our Jubilee of the Board of Missions, and will emphasise our Festival next August. Wo aro much indebted to tho Bishop of Tasmania for tho proposed Jubilee, and I hope wo shall find it full of missionary inspi ration. Ho undertook to organise the movement, and has sent leaflets periodically for distribution. Last January I issued a Pastoral on the subjoct. The Jubilee while celebrated in Sydney will utterly fail of its object unless it penetrates all parishes and stimulates a senss of responsibility everywhere. The Jubilee centre will bo formed only by tho con verging to. it tho zeal, tho prayers, the freewill offerings of all peoples in all places within our diocese. Hitherto this missionary sido t-f the Church has beon almost hidden in Australia. The maintenance of local churches has obscurcd it. But tho time li.is como when Australia should relax religious selfishness. The Church in these colonies has 'freely received' and therefore should ' freely give.' Tho S.P.G., whoso bi-contenary is being kept, has given more than a quarter of a million in years past. The S.P.C.K. has given about an equal sum. This ia not tho' place wherein to enforce the obligation of obedience to our Lord's command to preach His Gospel to every creature. Still, the saying 'out of eight, out of mind,' may obscure even from ourselves tho fact that wo need not leave Australian shores to find heathen races of many climes. Not to refer to Chinese near here, there aro in Queensland Kanakas, Javanese, Japa nese, Singalese, while Aborigines aro still very numerous thore and in Western Australia. Tho Bellonden Kor Mission is only struggling. New Guinea, under Australian protection, needs exten sion. The Festival Meetings, not only in Sydney, but in all diocesan centres, will conclude with a Sjfecial Service in S. Andrew's Cathedral, when each diocese will formally present its offering through its representative Bishop. Our Senior Diocese must provide so that it may not be ashamed in that day. NORTH AUSTRALIAN BISHOPRIC. Cognate to this Jubilee is the fact that this year there is born into the family of our dioceses a Missionary Bishopric for North Australia. It includes tho northern part of North Queensland, together with the Northern Territory of South Australia. This ia duo to the supreme energy of Biahop Barlow, who has succeeded in raising the endowment. The Northern Territory has been practically untouched by our Church, for although not far from Thursday Island, yet intercolonial jealousy discouraged even ecclesiastical supervision from outside. Perhaps Federation will see its way to assistltho formation of a northern state, inclusive of, and a little beyond, this new diocese which is already climatically separate from the south by ita tropical conditions. Coloured races are there in immense numbers, employed in pearl shelling, sugar planting, and other industries. By his creation of this Bishopric, and placing it on an endowed basis, Bishop Barlow has nobly advanced the missionary work of the Church. BISHOP OP BALLAJBAT. Of Bishops, 'one cometh and another goeth.' The retirement of the Bishop of Ballarat, after twenty-five years' episcopate, removes from us one ~.:eL nc tt~i — n i. — l When a mind naturally creative, clever, and enriched with sound learning and the results of wide observation, is united to a heart tenderly sym pathetic, and both heart and mind are baptised with self-cdnsecration to Our Lord for His Church, there is produced a character which illuminates its sphere of duty with intellectual and moral brilliancy. My memory recalls Bishop Thornton as a young London incumbent, with all his Oxford honours thick upon him, who was then spending himself in the slums of Whitechapel when he could have lived in learned leisure upon his fellowship mt Queen's College. Afterwards Rector of St. George's, Birmingham, until called to the Bishopric of Ballarat, his many talents have been well invested, and have brought much spiritual return to the great Householder. We shall sadly miss him from General Synod, his pile of papers and ready pen bespeaking his keen interest in its proceedings. Though removed from us, we are sure that he will be always ready, if desired, to act as agent-general for the Church here from its home side. THE WAR. In the Church's effort to ' reconcile the ways of God to men,' to use Milton's words, she must feel painful concern about such events as the war, the plague, the drought, and kindred calamities. Tho Peace Conference and the Lambeth Committee on International Arbitration have sustained a severe shock, but not a deadly blow. Of course, it has shown how delicately poised is such arbitration, and how easily the ' unruly wills and affections of sinful men' can upset it. It is creditable to England that she was unwilling to fight, and that the Boer invasion of Natal found her so unprepared that it gained advantage at the first. ' The Lord aitteth above the water fieods,' and out of evil brings good. As in tho natural world, volcanoes, floods, and storms have been instrumental for good, upheaving metals or spreading all uvial soils, so history explains that war, hateful and horrible though it be, yet in the absence of universally enlightened conscience, has been the rough agent to bring somo good. Ab Matthew Arnold said, ' The Eternal, not ourselves, makes forrighteousness,' and if this war eventuates in tho establishment of just government among mixed races, tho grant of equal rights and privileges and constitutional freedom for all peoples in South Africa, then even this terrible war will not have beon waged for nought. When wo ask, which amoUg the nations stands foremost for univorsal liberty, and lias dealt out even-handed justice to all its people r vv men ot tnein lias given self-government to its dependencies at the earliest safe poriod of their development ? If we ask, which of all countries has treated coloured races with humanity when under its protection, and which has spent men and money to Christianise and elevate weaker branches of the human family, and has sought to raise them to its own level of advantage ? The answer comes that in spite of eager rush for newly discovered gold, and in spite of solf-assertiveness commonly characteristic of strong, enterprising people — in spite of national ' boastfulness, bred of conscious power, tho verdict of onlookiug peoples is that personal freedom and national expansion flourish best beneath tho beneficent shade of the British flag. Tho question now submitted to tho arbitra ment of war is whether the British or the Dutch shall be dominant in South Africa. More is at stako than tho survival of the stronger. It is the survival of the fittest for South Africa — tho fittest to give it equitable government, tho fittest to rouse it into industrial and commercial energy, the fittest to provide it with liberai educational institutions, and the fittest to baptise all- with enlightened Christianity. It is certain that Britain is the best nurse to rock infant nations in their cradle. In tho mystery of life, struggle iu some .shape is the price paid for all progress. This war has exacted it in precious lives, taken from the selector's cottage and from tho home of His Excellency our Governor. Our tendorest sympathy enwraps these wounded hearts. Though tho price is terribly heavy, it has already brought rare gains. It has tightened the girdle of kinship that binds together the members of tho great British family. It has given occasion for the outcome of soldierly bravery, latent before, but now soon iu splendid deeds of heroism which havo wreathed Australia with renown. It has given seriousness to Australian life generally, when our sunny sky and social prosperity were seducing us into easy-going softness. Shakespeare says truly : Sweet are the uses of adrerflity, ? Which, liko tho toad, ugly and YenomouB. Wcara yot a precious jowel iu hig head, 1'LA.GUE. Adversity has como to us in anothor and nearer form. Tho plaguo is still a monitor rather than a minister of vengeance. What tho plague could do can bo l-oad in Dr. Jessop's graphic description of it in 13-19 in his ' Coming of tho Friars or in De Foe's description oi in his 'History of tlio Plague in 1665.' At uhose times conditions for it 'wore present and preventatives against it wero absent. In tho Mosaic Code cleanliness was not 'next to godliness,' but par.t of it, and rightly so; bccauso it ia obodionce to God'fa' natural law under' which we live. It is n Christian's duty to ascertain and obey God's laws in tho physical., no less than in tho moral and spiritual kingdoms. .Toijn Stuart Mill said that man is naturally idle and fond of dirt. Let us hope that man has cleaner habits than he had years ago. Referring to the draftiness of houses in tlio middlo ages, Wakeman, in liis history, naively \ says no doubt it was much less felt because our ancestors wero so ' grimy.' Adam Smith, too, writing in 1770 on tho price of commodities, mentions among them soap, but adds that the quantity used by tho poor was so small that tho increase in prico did not much matter. This visita tion calls our ains to remembrance, our nogligencea and ignorancea. Recont disclosures havo shown that culpable disregard of public health exists among large sections of tho community in spite of all legislation to protect it. It exhibits tbo weakness of such legislation unless people's own active coopora tion moves along its linos. W o cannot make men good by Act of Parliament, but Acts of Parliament help good men. Behind all such legislation tliero is the public mind and conscience which have to bo kept informed and convinccd and shaken out of instinctive lethargy. At such time prayer is more than natural cry for dolivoranco : it means active co-operation with God for good. It puts us into sympathy with the mind of God. Wo pray to be 'filled with the knowledge of His will in all wisdom and spiritual understanding.' Wo pray that ' by His holy inspiratian we may think thoso things that bo good, and by His mercifal guiding may perform the same.' And that same prayer dotli teach us all to render tho deeds of sanitary reform. Prayer is practical. SYNOD AND THE AGE. As these Sessions annually recur they force the question upon us whether tho Church within the area of. our responsibility is really mooting tlio con dition and wants of the present day : whether it is effective for its own Divino purpose so far as our human endeavours can make it : whether it realizes, imperfectly, of course, but still appreciably, its high ideal pastorally toward ' tliem that are within,' and evangelistically ' toward them that aro without,' its circumference. In his recent charge the Bishop of London referred incidentally to the Mediieval Church as having failed because it fell behind its age. He said, ' The growth of know ledge and the development of national consciousness gave men a now sense of power and new means of criticism. They demanded that the ecclesiastical system shouldbo in accordance with their knowledge and with tho senso of responsibility for their own life and actions which passing events forced upon them.' Or, as Mr. Hutton puts it in his History of tho Church in Great Britain, 'The Church was divided. Ono part was intensely Conservative, clinging to superstitions which keen witted men derided, averse to the new learning which was slowly reaching England from Italy. 'A second party waa alive to all the influence of the Renaissance, full of interest in Biblical study, in Greek and in Church Reform.' The law of conformity to environment on penalty of extinction, so imperative in the natural world, extends with some measure of correspondence to the region ecclesiastical. The Church must re adjust herself to over-changing conditions. Of course the ' T)nct-,rir»n n ml Sn.nrn.mont« find the Discipline ojr Christ, as the Lord hath commanded, and as this Church hath received tho same,' are unalterable — the solid granite basis of belief beneath all the strata of thought and practice which long centuries have deposited upon it. But the presentation of these - verities : the application of thi3 Ministry : the adaptation of this organisation must vary with the variable aspects of life. The Gospel is the same along all the ages. The message is one, but it must bo brought home to all hearts by being tranalated into the language of Church Ordinances and miniatrations as 'best' understanded of the people.' Bacon says, ' Time is the greatest inno vator and it is just this innovating, shifting time which imposeB upon us as Churchmen the diffi cult task of readjusting mode3 and methods that we may not, as dilatory guides, be left behind- by the age which we ought to lead. The last half century encourages us, for it has seeu our Church's admirable self- adaptation to the new conditions of Australian life. This Synod alone, so representative in its membership and self-governing in its powers, exhibita that vitality in the Church of England which, like a slip cut from an old but sapful tree, strikes root in new soil and springs up with vigorous growth. This Australian climate suits it well. At the same time we know that climate produces vari ation. The Church here has not quite the same coil and atmosphere of venerable tradition which it had in the place of its original planting. So our wisdom lie3 in analysing our own soil and atmos phere, and in trying to ' have understanding of our times' here and now. If we do not enter hotly into controversies a long way off it ia because there are plenty of wise heads on the spot who can settle them, and because we have more than enough to do out here in minding our own ecclesiastical busin6s3. That business has several branches. Around us there is keen intellectual curiosity, if not serious inquiry. The schoolmaster is abroad and busy with State schools and Universities. Libraries are in every town. A Paternoster Row publisher told me tnat ne sent more nigu class literature to Aus tralia in proportion to its population than to any other part of the Empire. It is sometimes said ours is an age of unbelief, but I do not think so. It is an age emphatically of asking questions, of opening closed doors and searching among old foundations. Men do not ask, 'Who said it,' but 'Why did he say it.' It is an agent not of autho rity, but of reasonable explanations. Archbishop Wilson, of Manchester, in his Hulsean Lectures, has voiced the Church when he says ' But observe, it is not possible to do justice to such a study, if you approach it in a vain, careless, irreverent frame of mind. Be as sceptical, sincere, truth loving as you please, but lay aside prejudice, lay asido contempt, correct the ignorance which comes from intellectual sloth and self-sufficiency and tho indifference which arises from alow standard of human dignity and low estimate of human possibilities. Examine yourself narrowly whether your scepticism may not bo due more than you are aware to laxity of conduct which dims'tho eyo of the soul.' I am sometimes afraid for our younger clergy lost their Bible study, I do not say Bible reading, should suffer by continuous bush work, involving as it does with some a hun dred mues a ween:, wo seniors will puss away, but our jnniors ' must stop and see it out,' and it would be sad if they had to confess of their own age, ' as thy servant was busy hero aud there ho was gone.' But let me turn from tho clerical to the lay side of the church. The American Church paper is entitled 'The Living Church,' and tho name is suggestive. Life is a formative principlo. It lays hold of surrounding material of various kinds, and variety is essential to its usefulness, and at once appropriates, assimilates that gathered material and groups it into the several limbs andmombors of the body. Life within forms organs without. That secret inner life is continuous, though disintegra tion works change on tho external organism. It repairs loss and waste with fresh material. Perhaps oven S. Paul did not see tho beauty of his own similitude as scienco shows it to ourselves. Now tho State doaoribos our Synods and our Church status as held togethor by mutual compact. So it is upon its civil side. But our Synod, composod of varied eleinonts, fetched from divers places, yet fashioned into tho symmetry of a spiritual organism and endowed with spiritual faculties, necessary and appropriate for healthy activity — does it not silently speak to us of its inner life, of tho Holy Ghost, tho Lord and Giver of Life, Whose vitality is thus evidenced amongst us, and, indeed, of which wo aro the subjects und expressions. Wo do not speak of ' going into tho Church,' for wo have been in it over since our baptism, We do not speak of a ' sacerdotal caste,' for Ho that hath loved us and washed us from our Bins in His own blood, hath mado us kings and priests to God- and His Father— laity and clergy alike. Professor Moberiy, of Oxford, well aays : ' If tho Body is not somo, but all, and tlio powers and gifta inhorent in tho lifo of the Body are tho powers and gifts which, so'far, belong to all, and the Spirit which is tho Body's lifo ia tho Spirit of all, what is the relation of ministers specifically ordained to thia total lifo and power of tho total Body P Clearly they aro not intermediaries between tho Body and its lifo. They '*? uiu-uLi^ii wnicu ciio iito in herent in ,the whole Body expresses itself in par ticular functions of detail, but the great lifo itself remains in tho Body at large.' As sharera of thia corporate life wo meet in Synod to-day. The very diversity of our callings gives aurichraent to our counsels. Our secular associations sttrve to colour and r^ffcet our part of that great central life, and qualify ua to' understand better tho diameter and range of human needs. How wide that range is lot Archdeacon Wilson describe : ' Religion must purify the pleasures of life, govern its struggles, onnoblo its loves and its sorrows, consecrate its knowledge, its simplest and mbst elementary convictions. It must throw light on' the whole life of the citizen and the nation if it is to' keep a hold on us. Religion ia something open to aD men, not something inside closed doors.' If we nsk, wlio'ia sufficient for tlieso things, tha answer comes from that same Spirit of Life, exert ing himself through that nunc comprehensive, com posite, vitalised Body, nerving it to grasp and lift up lovingly the whole life of man. The outlook is too wide, and the work too noble, for narrow indi vidualism, for party policy, much less for unbro therly .discord. Our Synod, when soon as part of this divine economy, passes from- tho simplicity - . its outward circumstance into some of the glory and dignity belonging to the Body of Christ. When compared with seats in the councils of tho country, our places in Synod may appear liumblo and our business insignificant, but our function roaches oven farther, for it runs up the broad river of popular tendencies and current thoughts until it roaches tho very springs and sources of character, porsonal and national, and there, Elislia like, heals their bitterness. Our work itself defines tho spirit of us, tho workers — strong in faith, calm in judgment, rich in resource, ripe in experience. May wo show ourselves such in this goodly company to-day. 