Governor Beauchamp now avoids pressmen as he would the plague. The Hospital trouble is just now a question of patients and patience. A New Zealand brewer hangs oat the sign—'No Boers admitted to this brewery.' Truth says that the latest gag in Sydney is—'Good morning! Have you been inoculated f A Yankee humorist reckons that Kipling 'went to South Africa because be is such a great man to metre a ;verse. Too bad of 'Tiber's English thea trical correspondent to write that ' for over thirty years Mr and Mrs Kendall have never acted a part.' E. D. Oleland, one time editor of the Silver Age, Broken . Hill, is managing Block 45 at Kalgoorlie. He is a brother of l>r Oleland. , Advfc. from West Australian:— ' Respectable young woman with baby wishes to meet steady working man, view matrimony.—Ellen, G.P.O., Berth.' j ' . J. C. F. Johnson's latest idea is to eaSl the Gentlemen's Cjrps * the Queen's Australian Horse.' Is the alphabetical one trying to add some more letters to his name ? Norman Malcolm, erst, of Adelaide 'Tiser, who gave up a fat Government position in order to go with West Australian Bushinen's Contingent, was made a sergeant before leaving. In a recent Wellington breach of promise case one William Alphonsus Qainn was let in for £175. The plaintiff was a Miss Ellen Jane Beer. Appropriately enough Chief Justice Stout presided. . King O'Malley, defeated for Queens town, Tasmania, electorate, has threatened to start a newspaper there. If King does the writing the ghost of Robert Green Ingersoll should .drop in now and again for a royalty. A company of choice land buyers formed in Adelaide to parcel out land in South Africa already. And this too in a country which boasts a popu lation only of 362,000 odd, or Iojb than one person to the square mile* A New South Wales country paper tells a story of an 'Absent-minded Beggar9 who wanted a coat in a hurry and wired to Sydney for it, at the same time pinning a sample of the material required on to the telegraph form. Revised version of ancient history— And the Register said 'Let there be plague' and there was plague. And the Register saw everything it had made, and, behold it was very good. Only .it would have been much better if Drs R imsay Smith and MacDonald had not been the first to find it out. The boys who are now'seen daily playing the rdie of street sweepers have been subjected to a good deal of 'chaff' by their companions, and Quiz hears that one or two of them resigned rather than be tormented. The novelty of the sight has now worn off considerably. One man the other day wanted to know if the boys were engaged in the plague prevention industry. Reward.—Eternal gratitude by the Oity Corporation, immortality in the Daily Press, and a public ovatioa by the advertisers will be paid (C.O.D ) to the man, woman, or child who .notifies the first case of the British Medical Association Branch form of Bubonic Plague. N.B.—'The diagnosis will not require,. nor will it be subjected to verification or confirma tion. Situation too acute. Apply in the first instance, Town Hall, City. i ' ■ • The facetious barmaid received a rebuff one day last week. A visitor entered and asked for a glass of whisky. Hfc then requested the use of a parlor where he might not be dis turbed. The fluffy-haired one im mediately chipped in with—' You are not going to commit suicide, are you V The quiet man broke up the bar by asking if that was the best recom mendation the young lady could offer with the whisky? Even the clock refused to tick while the conundrum was being worked out. A story is told of Joe Chamberlain that when a Sunday-school teacher he was listening to a scholar reading about the battle of Bunker's Hill. The reader dropped the ' h' in the word 'Hill,' and pronounced it 'ill.' Chamberlain convulsed the class with laughter by putting his glass to his eye and saying, ' Poor old Bunker! What's the matter with him V .When teaching his class Joseph, it is alleged, used to wear his hat and overcoat, and always carried his umbrella, which he used as a pointer when any of his class went to sleep. Second-sighter Stuart Cumberland, who is well known in Australia, writing in a London magazine, com pares Lord Roberts with Moltke. While allowing the superiority of Moltke, he points out one aspect in which Roberts has the advantage. This is from his magnetic influence over soldiers, a quality possessed by Napoleon but denied to Moltke and Weilington. General Grant in the American Civil War expressed bis regret that he could not exercise thia influence, in which General Sheridan was pre-eminent. Lord Douglas, of Hawick, now become Marquis of Queens berry, who has (won a claim to be rejgarded as one of the best mining experts in the country,' was in the early days of Coolgardie a well-known figure on the fields, especially at the time Lord Fingall was connected with the once famous Londonderry: Mine. He did not belong altogether to the Johnny type of 'Duke's son,'though he was not free from the accusation of having plenty of luggage. But he was never seriously taken as a 'mining expert,' and it was only from London that such a suspicion could be levelled against him. Quiz has received from Talma A Co., the well-known photographers of Mel bourne and Sydney, a copy of their book of 'Studies.' Pictures and poses of footlight favorites are given from their studios, amongst them being Mrs Brown-Potter, Miss Ada Ferrar, Mr Julius Knight, Mr Wilson Barrett, Mr Kyrle Bellew, Miss Maxine Elliott, Miss Maud Jeffreys, and Mrs Maes mor- Morris. These are excellently reproduced, and Quiz has not seen anything better than the fine art printing and general 'get up' of the work, which is done by the Atlas Press, of Melbourne. Tae production i<« in keeping with the name won by ' Talma,' and the ' studies' are such an artistic attraction c that there is likely to bd a big run on them. The Argonaut, the bright Perth weekly, has gone under. 'This is to be regretted, for the Argonaut (formerly Clare's Weekly) was a good journal, which was not afraid to tell the truth. The former editor of the paper, Mr J. A. Cameron, is doing rattling good work as War Correspondent of the West Australian. He went to South Africa (on his own,' and Hackett's organ was very pleased no doubt to get such a man on the spot. He and Major Reay went into the Boer lines, and were received by General De La Key, who showed them fellow journalist Lambie's last resting place. Cameron's description of the day with the Boers makes excellent reading matter, and his account of the courtesies received gives heedless Boer tradacers a nasty knock. What a wonder is the Hon. Samuel Tomkinson, M.L.C. Eighty-four last Sunday, and still going Strong. He is one of the finest individualities in South Australian politics, and is none of your half-measure Conservatives. Mr Tomkinson was a politician before he came to South Australia, having been associated with such giants as Richard Cobdea and John Bright, in the repeal of the Corn Laws." When Mr Tomkinson arrived in this colony he held a responsible position as bank manager—a post to which he did credit to himself and the institu tion to which he was attached. When South Australia was almost depleted, of her male population by the Vic torian goldfields Mr Tomkinson rode overland and personally visited the mining camps of the famous fifties. His has been a life of good citizenship, and though Quiz is strictly opposed to Mr Tomkinson's political views he admires him as a gentleman and for his unwavering consistency in the advocacy of his opinions. 