THE STORY-TELLER. MY CHINAMAN. I picked up Ah Im in Shanghai. a Al though a mere youth, he had been in the service of an Englishman for some yeai s. He came to me with excellent credentials; and 1 had 110 reason to repent of his com ing. He was quick, attentive, neat, and ever.ready, and served me excellently. When 1 came to London I brought. Lu with me. Here I iound hiui ot even greater service than in China. He was scrupulously honest, and L had the greatest confidence in him. My business took me frequently into the country. Sometimes I was absent from town days together. I never felt the least hesitation in leaving liu alone in my flat. I knew that when I returned I should find everything exact ly as I had left it. "" It was whilst travellingo nedayitha11 came across a queer case in an evening paper. It was an account of a curious robbery in a so nth-western suburb. A respectable .city man going home late at night was ivaylaid. He described his assailant as a woman in black. The creature offe;el something for sale. The man refused, and passed on. Then, to use his own words, ?"something was thrown in his face," and (he lost consciousness. He was discovered later on bv a iioliceman sitting on the pavement, dazed find half asleep. He was uninjured, but every valuable in his pos session had gone. A fortnight later a similar affair was re ported to have happened in a street in the Bays water district. In this case the man assaulted had grappled with the wtoman, nvh«m he described as of slender build and youthful apneararice. It was very dark, ?hovt'ever, and he could give no fruther des cription of her dress or appearance. The same procedure had been gone through in ?this case as in the other. There was the throwing of the powder, the unconscious ness, the discovery by a policeman, and the disappearance of money and jewellery. A month elapsed, and then came news of a third occurrence, agreeing in similar particulars, wnioh was reported as having happened in the Bloomsbury neighbour hood. The papers now began to take the matter up, ana articles headed "Who is the Mys tterious Woman in Black?" appeared in seve ral dailies. Detectives were set to watch by the dozen, and private individuals joined in aiding them. But nothing further hap pened, interest began to fade,_ and the scare stood a good chance of fizzing out, when London was stirred from its sleep by the news that a fourth robbery had taken place in the neighbourhood of Put- ney. In this case the man assaulted had made a vigorous effort to defend himself, but the mysterious powder had done its work, and ihe had fallen a victim exactly as the others had done. London was now really aroused, and the report of yet a fifth case following closely on the fourth set (Scotland Yard by the ears, and caused a run on dealers in loaded califs vand revolvers. I had been at home some days when I received a telegram calling ine to Birming ham. I told Lu to pack a portmanteau, and telling him 1 should not be back for a day or two, 1 hailed a c-ab and drove full speed to Euston. There was a block caused ;by a lire. ;md 1 arrived in time to see the train steam out of the station. 1 decided to go by an early train next morning. I therefore booked my trunk and returned Ihome. Taking a short cut home through some dark and ill-lighted streets I suddenly came face to face with a woman in black, her face partly veiled and 'holding in her hands a few boxes of matches. In a moment 1 realized tthat I was face to face with the Mystery of the Moment. Without a second's (hesitation I made up iny mind how to act. I passed along quick 3y and then wheeled round. I saw her hand, move to a little bag which hung sus pended to her wrist, and then wit'h a quick movement- she threw something. I closed my eye* and mouth, clenched my nostrils, and making a sideward movement, escaped .the powder. Pretending to be overcome by it, however, I rolled on the pavement. Once down ] feigned insensibility. I soon felt the creature's nimble fingers searching any pockets, I did not move a muscle. 1 scarcely breathed. It was a trying ordeal, Abut 1 got through it somdiow. Having relieved me of all portable pro perty of value she departed, softly and silently as a ghost. I waited until she had gone some distance and then followed her. Tlirough Ftreet after street I tracked her, always keeping well in the rear. Presently, to my' astonishment, we mer ged into the square in which the block of mansions where I resided were situated Then, to my horror and astonishment, the woman made for my flat, whipped out a key and entered. I waited a moment to steady myself, and then entered. Ah Lu, smiling a cheerful welcome, came forward. "Lu," I said, speaking in Chinese, "there Is a woman in here." Lu's almond eyes opened and he shook his head. "It is no good lying. I saw her come in." Lu's eves opened still wider. "Come with me," I said, "and we'!' search the place together." He came willing ly, smiling a smile of gentle commisera tion. I examined every nook and cranny and found nothing, Lu all the while smiling as blandly as ever. It was puzzling. Then of. a sudden something fell jingling to the ground. It was a little sovereign pur»:> which I usually wore attached to my chain, tu saw it also, and be made a grab for it. That gave the thing away. With the rapidity of a flash of lightning I solved the mystery. That nielit I handed Ah Lu over to the police. With him went a trunk full of fe minine garments and stolen valuables. Mine .were not included in the number. I am not taking any' more Chinese ser vants, even when accompanied by the high est credentials. -"Pelican." 