THE FEMALE COM PAUL OF -CHINA. The Dowager Empress of China, who is said by some people to be the cause of the present disturbances, is not of Imperial or even noble blood. She was the child of poor parents living in the suburbs of Canton, but, like the milk maid of the song, nhe had u fortune in her face. She became a sort of Chinese Nell Gwynne. A famous general was attracted by her beauty, and straightway bought her. From the general sho paBspd to Hsien Feng, ' who, like Charles II. of merry memory, was not fortunate in war, but had an excellent taste where female beauty was concerned. He liad already a legitimate wife, but the customs of China enabled him to place a second wife very nearly on the same level with the first. When Hsien Feng died lie bequeathed the crown to his son, Tung Chi, but the Regency was divided between the two wives with a secret power to veto to the legitimate spouse.. This lady was of a yielding disposition, and had no taste for the careB of State. Hence her rival became the chief power in the Empire, and her force of .character soon made itself felt. She dismissed the Council of Regency appointed under the will of the late Emperor, and made her brother-in-law. Prince Kunc, Prime Minister. None the less she held the reins of government firmly in her own grasp. In process ot time the Emperor Tung Chi reached his majority. Then one fine day the legitimate widow died,-and very shortly afterwards the Emperor also died. _^ Scarcely had the young monarch given up the ghost than the surviving Dowager de clared that the child of one of her sisters, married to the seventh Prince Chun by name, had been adopted by hep late husband, and she accordingly proclaimed him Em- ? peror. This waR the present Emperor, Kwang-su, then a boy four years old. From Dowager Empress of China. 1875 to 1839 the Dowager Empress ruled ''''?' China with great firmness and no little wisdom. Then Kwangrsu was declared of age, and was publicly endowed with the ,» powers of government. Kwang-su, never theless, continued under the authority of his masterful aunt, and for all practical pur poses the government remained in her hands. After the disastrous war with Japan, how- : '1 ever, Kwang-su Beems to have come to the ''' conclusion that China needed wholesale re forms, and under the influence of a certain Wang-Yu-Wei he issued oc hia own account a number of edicts, which very much astonished the conservative Mandarins. The result waB a coup d'etat organised by the Dowager Empress, and which once again placed her at the head of affairs. Since then the Emperor has been a cypher and a prisoner. 