When the war comes to be written prominence is sure to be eiven to one of its most curiouB episodes — the capture of the Irieh Yeomanry. These were not ordinary Atkinses, but gentlemen of long descent and, unfortunately, in Borne caseB, Bhort acres. Under Elizabeth, James, Cromwell, and 'William their ancestors went over to astonish the natives, and sucoeeded. As Groldwin Smith puts it, ' While the eagles sought the Spanish Main the vultures Bettlel upon Ireland.' In connection with the South African fiatsco the following reaches me : — Oh, Paddy dear, an' did ye hear the news that's goin' Three hundhered Irish gintlemin are sthuck into the pound ; They made a circumbindibus contajus to a threK, An' bowldly timed to hang all night around a Boer a Nek ; Faith, it was not a colleen's wid a dainty head on top, But a piecipice threminjus wid a divil of a dhrop. There's bitther weepin', Pat, avick, there's grief inGranue Unite ; , . From Dublin to Killala, from the Causeway to Kinsale ; For all the rapparees between Lough Corrib an' Athy, Heinimber how the Yeomin were their friends in days gone by Thin, wirasthrue, machree mavrone, Ould Kruger's heart To boord 'on butthennilk an' male the bhoys that tuk the rint. * * ..-?, * * But perhupa the strangest episode of all was that of the French Canadians humming ' Vive la Eeine ' as they carried home their dead comrades through the raw morning mist. Not half-a-dozen men in the company had a word of English. They drilled, obeyed orders, fought, prayed, and, it is to be feared, swore in French. Not that a French oath ever did anybody harm. Compared with the British article it is as water unto wine, and soft water at that. Leaving the company of corbleu, ventrebleu, eapristi, &c;, and hearkening to the Englishman's ? -is like stepping from a Sunday school into the middle of the Imperial Bushmen's canteen, It braces you up like a cock-tail after a wet night. Yet Canada was more than once on the confines of rebellion, and a little over, till she got her Constitution. If Louis Quatorze and his successor could only arise wigs and all to hear the descendants of their expatriated peasants singing ' Vive la Reine,' and know that ' La Reine ' meant a direct descendant of the Elector of Hanover, they'd steal back again to their sarcophagi and request an extra slab to be put on top. * * * # Western Australia supplies a few items. At Perth Mr. C. Friend Hawkins is advertised to lecture on ' The Times of the Gentiles,' worked out with chalk on a blackboard and ending with a ' baptismal service.' From the earliest times the Gentiles seem to have been a bad lot, and they've apparently preserved their reputation, with a strong1 tendency to get worse. Not that the Jew is immaculate either. He's had to move with the times also, and to do him justice he's kept a bit ahead of them. As for baptismal ser vices, few persons attend them more than once, and then they cannot help it. Of all sacerdotal ceremonies the Irish wake is perhaps the most impressive. Persons have been known during a long life not to miss one within a radius of 40 miles — a fact which goes far to prove their peculiar attractiveness. Mr. Hawkinb may succeed in working up his service to rival the wake ; but a very large tank, if not a reservoir, will be required before success can be legitimately anticipated. * * * * At Perth, too, exhaustive critiques of Rowley's waxworks have appeared in the leading journal. The peculiarity principally emphasised was the ' total absence of any vulgarity ' in the singing and dancing. This is so exceptional in these latitudinarian days that one naturally seeks a cause. The latter is easily found. Perth will stand anything but vulgarity. It is useless for persons with short frocks or long tongues to appeal to such a public — it is madness. 'The song must be short and gentle, the skirts long and simple if the ' ghost ' is expected to walk without a limp. It was about time for some community to point to higher things than coster melodies or tights and lead the way. The crusade against such objectionable matters comes with peculiar fitness from fae West. The atmosphere of the diggings is fatal to frivolity. Would that some of our lax Eastern cities took the matter up where Perth left it off, ao that when Rowley's waxworks came along the proprietor might know what to expect on the first display of vulgarity. * * * * The last meeting of the Fremantle (W.A.) Druids came to an abrupt end. Their Rosicrucian rites being held over a private bar many opportunities are given the mystics of descending at intervals and coming back with vine leaves instead of oak leaves in their hair. The high priest having so descended some nights ago re entered with a bound to say the plague was on the ground floor, and all the top of the house quarantined. Then the scattering of the Druids before the Roman legionaries in 'Norma' was an indolent movement compared with the dash made for the door by their degenerate successors. Robes, beards, wands, and symbols were flung into an incongruous heap like Florentine orna remove trom ianaucism. n s a corporate body the Fremantle Druids have ceased to exist. ? ' * * * From Brewarrina on the Darling comes the statement that Constable F. C. Turner, having first laid aside his uniform, boldly plunged into the river and reached an aboriginal woman *( just in time to sare the poor creature.' And people say there's no news ia the papers. I re spect the police, and have many acquaintances in that body. Indeed, for a person who has to be much abroad, especially a journalist, it is prudent to have a friend or two in the force. Therefore, when I observe ' smart capture,' ' sleuth-hound pertinacity,' ' ingenious arrest by a constable, ' &c;, in the morning journal, I admire the ingenuity and turn to the next leaf. But no admiration for the constabulary will justify the acceptance of statements intrinsically impossible. Even theologians reject dogmas in herently absurd. The sinking Brewarrina female could probably swim before she could walk, cer tainly before she could run. Had it been a Chinese, Afghan, Hindoo, Tartar, or any other coloured person, even a Maori, the fact might be conditionally accepted till the receipt of full de tails. But an Australian indigene ! * . ♦ * * Egged on by the temerity of success tho A.N. A. (Australian Natives' Association) has de cided to enter for the ' Shooting Niagara ' stakes by establishing a female branch. It will -; be strange if the new bough does not bear nurs . exceedingly hard to crack, and extremely acrid when cracked. With societies as with shrubs, grafting is a delicate process, and it is notoriously hard to say if the scion will invigorate or enervate the parent stem. So far from women being what men make them, it's just the other way about. The woman has chaige of the boy during most of his impressionable years ; the man of the girl only when her character is formed, and she knows pro bably 10 times more than he does. Voltaire said a smart thing — it will not bear removal from the original — concerning the peace of Europe, the last king and the last divine. But it is doubtful if the world will ever see peace till someone with a scythe goes through the whole field of saws, proverbs, and popular sayirjgs till every blade of so-called epigrammatic wisdom is as fiat as a tb.eoBopb.ical lecture. 