WIT AND HUMUH. Tiacbhr: Do you lnuow what a franchise is? Pupil:Np t exactly; but I know it's soenethil;t you grab. lie: Iow shockingly the Countess flirt. She. She does her btst, poor thing, and she's had alot of practice. Ile: Darling, would you be offended if I should ask to kiss you? She (ambliuoubly): I feel of tended that you should ask. "The question is, do we owe what we are to heredity or to environment?" "Blest if I know which is the more to 'lame for it." Lisa: Hlow much have repairs cost you since you've been riding a bicycle? Cecile: Repairs to what-myself or the lIcycle? Cobble: You seem to feel it very much to think that she jilted you. Stone : I do. It will now take me years to get out of debt "I thought you Intended raising chickens on your suburban place?" "So I did, but as It is frequently under water, I raise ducks In stead." The Sweet Young Thing: I wonder ho wit 1=s there is no good English equivalent for "fiancerT' The Savage Bachelor: How about "Idiot?" Lady Client: Which do you consider the most difficult problem in law with which you have had to deal? Her Solicitor: My mother-in law. Young Mothdr: I can't Imagine what makes th ebaby cry so. Young Father: I'll bet he heard me say I managed to get a little sleep last night. Nurse: It's time for your nourlshmer* -»w. Mr Peppery. Mr Peppery (who Is conT.:.sceatf: Hang nourlshmnnt. What I want Is something to eat. "No, Jimmy, you can't have sugar on your bread and butte ; your,father says we must eco nomise now." Well, 'ma, let's quit blackin' our shoes." Mr Baggle: ontound that t allor!'" These trousers are a me too long. Mrs Baglge: How much shall I turn them upt Baggle: About halt an Inch. May: You didn't go tothe theatre with your Cousin Tom. after all! I thought your flance had no objection. Mabel: He adn't. That's why I didn't go; Downer: I am ery glad It is good form not to wear a watch wth a dress suit Upper: Whyl Downer: .Becaus I never have my watch and dress-sult at the'same time. Fair Amerlcan1 Some of the women are be. coming quite maeiullne In their attire. "Yes; I It It keeps up, thi Prince of Wales will.soon be setting the fashion of both sexes." "My memory sl getting bad." "'Is that so?" "Yes. When a:man acts friendly with me I'm seared to death. I can't remember whether I owe him money'or he owes me." '"Now, h9nesUy, Maud, dldn't Jack propose last evening?" "'Why ye-e'es. But how did you guess?" 'I noticed that you didn't have that worried look his mornlngl" . The Butier: Hand heavery night at the hour of midnight the ghost happears and groans and 9 wrings Its hands. American Tourist: Ah! must i I hve died In the cucumber season. "Profanity," aid the long-haired passenger, " so utterly uselas." "Wrong," said the I short-halred passeiger, "I can make my wife I hopping mad any time by swearing a little." Little Boy: Pa, {ho was Shylock? Pa: Great gaodones, boy! Yob attend Church and Sunday i school everl week and-don't know who Shy lock was! Go and read your Bible, air! "'What are that young man's Intentions?" asked the anxious parent. "Really father," re plied the dutiful daughter, "I cannot say. I confess that whenlhe calls I am often In the I dark." "Have I got the 'oleaa__lg i, ..,a*sn--me-sg-e- fl57- .-,yes, sir," re plied the photographe. "I think that will do very well." "Then urry up, please, It hurts my face." She: I'll grant that your Income would be nough tor us to mary, It only you didn't have such expensive fads. He: I? Expensive fads? What expensive fads have I? She: Me, for one. Y "Hello, Smith, suoiose a man marrieshhls Y first wife's step-sslteo' aunt; what relation is he too her?" "First wlfe-um-step- aunt-er let me see, I don't kmw." Bright Fellow: He's b her. husband, Mrs Poplin: Mr Cliffon may be a wealthy man, as you say; butI know this much, that his wife does not hav' money enough to dress on. Mr Poplin: f coarse not No woman ever did. . M?rs Bingo You mustbe eareful what you says to the cook, dear, or she will leave. Bingo: Why o was I hard on her? -Were you! Why any one I would have though y~vwere talking to me. ,h "I can't engage yot) for my - friend, the I councillor's wife, discharged you for eaves- di dropping." "You cal't imagine, baroness, what I heard In that lousel' "Well, I'll give you a trial, after-all." b I Mrs Smythe: Beloriowe were married you I used to pretend that yui liked to have me sit on your lap for an enlre evening. Smythe: Yes; and you used t d to p nd that you preer- k red to sit on a chair. i G Teacher: Now, Tommi, can you tell me what a mortgage is? Tommy: Yes'm. It's some- aI thing the villain forecloses on the heroine's I father at the end of the second act, ts that T he can marry her." . i . "How many girls did teu make love.to be foreo you met me?" demanded his better half, p at the close of a long tirlade. "Twelve," groan- ,| ed her husband. "But I'never counted them , up until it was too late!" ae Wife: Do you know whtd you remlnd me of? h Husband: No; but I do know what you re- It mi.nd me of. Wife: What?1 Husband: 01 every llttloe thing I forget to otend to that you ask mae about Edwin: And now, darIng, before we part, w bow are we to keep pur marriage a profound secret! Angelina (promptly): Nothing easier, b Edwin, dear. You have hly to behave to me a- you have always done; and no one will uspect me. - ' . a ' can get a separation tron your wife on ac- d0 count of her making a practice aof throwing things at the dog." "Bu." said the man with the haggard look and block eye, "every time she throws at the dog she hits me!" "What's an ambush?" h slied Child Dorothy. "A bush that growl hams,"answered Boy Tom. "Oh! now I understand wahat they mean when they gay that British olircers grow rasher and h rasher," said Child Dorothy. "Yes. they sawon the whirlwind and get captured by the Boers," . was Pa's comment. 01 A teacher of music in one of the public ' schools atof the south desired to Impress the pu piles with the meaning of the signs "I" and "if" ' In a song they were about to sing. After ex plaining that "I" meant forte, he said: Now, children, if "t" means forte, what does "i" mean? Silence reigned fora moment, and then ci he was astonished to hear s bright little fellow h.bout : Eighty!' - The Modern Enoch Ardeso: Well, it Is a little a more than twenty yearsa since I went away, Iand now I find that you hare marrlea and bur led tweohusbands during my absence from home. Mrs Arden: Three, not two, Enoch. Enoch Arden: Ah, well! .They must have been a pretty poor lot. I notIre- that .pone of '.em mended the garden gate that was broken when Ilelt. » tl Hamlet lccough, the trac'.dtn, was ex patlating on his career.in, the Shakespearian drama. "I suppose you had a Iong run In every city?" suggested an odmlilrg listener, "Aye. marry." returned Mr liccough, "I probably I had some of the longest runs In the history at the stage. But," he added nlth an air of con- t Escious pride, "you can bet your Eyare tin they never caught me!" - 