THE STORYTELLER. WHEN THE CUCKOO CALLED. By H. D. Umbstaetteri. The announcement that London music hall audiences are losing their heads and hearts over "The Girl with the Guitar" causes Mr. Seymour Gaston to smile as he looks down upon the world from his offices on the nineteenth floor of a New York sky-scraper. Mr, Gaston is an in- genious, much travelled young bachelor with a history and a fortune, fie recent- ly invented a folding fire-escape, which also has a history and in which another fortune is said to await him. "The Girl with the Guitar" is one of the two Zillerthaler sisters, whose permanent address is unknown and who receive two hundred guineas a night for presenting their Tryol ean seeond-night seance. To such an ex- tent, do these mysterious maidens from the mountains hypnotise the public that they appear nightly at four -different music halls. At the Alhambra they open the performance at eight o'clock, after which, they are rushed by their manager in an automobile to the stage door of the second music hall, where they appear at eight forty-five, and EO on, winding up at the Aquarium at a few minutes before ten with two hundred guineas in their pockets for the evening's work. When the curtain rises upon their ten minute act it discloses a typical Tyrolean scene-dim mountains in the back- ground, a sombre pine forest, a toy- like, gabled cottage in the distance. The lights are low and the stage is empty. The or- chestra begins almost inaudibly a simple melody in the minor key. Presently a rich voice, that raises doubt in the mind of the listener as to whether it is male or female joins in. It is a song of love, a serenade. The lights grow dimmer. À new sound steals into the concerted music of voice and instruments ; there are strange, bizzare chords and rippling arpeggios, and then the music is drowned m the burst of wild avmlause that greets tfie appearance of "The Girl with the Guitar. She bows modestly, the lights go up, the rich voice is heard again in a joyous yodel, and the sister, too, appears, dressed in the picturesque attire of an Alpine hunter. This artistically conceiv- ed prologue brings the audience into clos 1 er sympathy with what follows. "The Girl with the Guitar," unheed ' ing the aoolause and ahe .demonstrations of the male portion of the audience, seats j herself at the extreme right of the stage near the footlights. The sister is led by the manager along a narrow platform projecting into the centre of the hall, I where, after being blindfolded, she seats ¡ herself with her back to the ¡stage, and the real performance begins, to the mut- ed music of the orchestra and the ead fantastic chords of the guitar. The sec- ond-sight seance progresses in the time honoured way, except that no word is spoken 6ave by the blindfolded sister, who accurately names and describes, in a clear, musical voice, each article as it is borrowed from the audience and held up in silence before the footlights bv the manager, some thirty feet behind her back. "A gold watch with a picture of a lady os its face" ; "a pair of pearl opera glas- ses" ; "a half-crown piece with a oole in it" ; and so on, the blindfolded girl describes the exhibits as though they were held out before her naked eyes. She never falters, never misses, and the puzzled looks that comes to every face shows how completely she has mastered her art. But it is the strange, brilliant beauty and. the fantastic music of "The Girl with the Guitar," who, seemingly unconscious of her surroundings, gazes idly across the stage, that holds the breathless attention of the audience. Mu- sic like hers had never before been heard from any instrument. It is absolutely unique ; a new Beale and new system of harmonics -seem to have been discovered by this sombre-eyed girl. It is her weird, haunting melodies that trouble the mind with strange thoughts, and the impres- sion of mystical, occult powers at work, 1 produced by the performance, is really j traceable to this music, and the mysteri- j ons personality of the girl which pervades and dominates it all. All this vividly recalls to Mr. Gaston a ten-minute drama of life in which he once played a part, and which illustrates how a man can regain his lost peace of mind by beinp; suddenly brought to the brink of eternity. Four years ago, while he was manag- ing the affairs of a large American en- terprise in London, a cablegram announ- ced to him one day that his business part- ner in the United States had robbed bim of all he possessed. Brooding over his ruined business, to which he cad given ten years of his life and sacrificed his health, his peace of mind fled and he travelled aimlessly over the Continent in search of anything that might bring him sleep and help him to bury the past. The doctors sent him to Baden-Baden, but he soon found that the conventional watering-place, where one reads suffer- ing in almost every face, proved an irri- tant to his insomnia. The more he came in contact with humanity the more he felt drawn toward Nature. So he start- ed on a tour of the Black Forest. At Trieberg, the picturesque little village which stands on the edge of a great wat- erfall high up in the dark, pine-clothed mountains, he found pleasure for a few days in visiting the quaint cottages scat- tered through the surrounding wilderness where the cuckoo-clocks,music boxes, and wood carvings are made that always at tract foreigners. The mountaineers car- ry these clocks and carvings on the back for miles down tho winding, perilous pathways tb a public exhibition hall al Trieberg, in which is kept a full line ol samples for the convenience of purchas- ers. But the novelty of these scenes sooi wore off, and on the third day after bil arrival Gaston, craving excitement bribed the custodian of this exhibitioi hall to set off all the clocks and instr» ments at intervals of one second. Thi chorus of a thousand cuckoos, reinforcee .by the patriotic rendering of "Die Wacht am Rhein/' the William(,Teil overture, and "Die Lorelei" by scores of orchest- rions and music-boxes, delighted him, but nroved demoralizing to a party of Amer- ican tourists bent on doing Europe in ten days . Mistaking their excited bran- dishing of alpenstocks, umbrellas and Baedekers for demonstrations of approv- al, the keeper kept up the performance until the inexorable schedule dragged the prospective purchasers away. They had spent the ten minutes allotted to the Black Forest. In~his wanderings and search for ad- ventures, Gaston came one day upon what seemed like an unused trail that led higher up the mountain from an al- most impenetrable jumble of rocks and pines near the waterfall. "The Witches' Path," exclaimed his landlord, when questioned, "and whoever follows it never, returns." It might have an outlet in another valley beyond, he added, but, shaking his head, there were strange stories about the Witches' Path, and while 'he could not verify them he knew that no one of his guests who had essayed to explore it had ever come back. Sick of chattering men and women, harrowed night and day by his troubles, ! Gaston rejoiced in the prospect of an ¡ adventure of any kind, and while he smiled at the suggestion of danger lurk- ing in the recesses of the Witches' Path, he secretly hoped there might be. Life was not a joyful possession to Seymour Gaston in those days, and he cared little whether he lived or died. So, early in the following morning, with a well-pro- visioned knapsack on his back and an alpenstock in his hand he set out upon the Witches' Path. After ten hours of climbing, crawling, sliding and slipping over almost impass- able rocks and through impossible thick- ets, the trail led into a stretch of forest so dense as to completely shut out the fading daylight, and the wanderer was glad to accept as a bed the thick, endless carpet of pine needles that lay stretched out before him. The follow- ing morning he resumed his journey, and at noon discovered, high on the moun- tain side, what appeared like a grey toy house hidden among the rocks and pines. After another hour of tiresome climbing he stood before a cottage built upon the very edge of an immense cleft. From far below echoed the hoarse booming of a mountain stream. His knock was an- swered b^ a short white-bearded moun- taineer with piercing grey eyes, who, up- on learning that his visitor spoke Ger- man, received him hospitably with the remark that it &as; seldom indeed that visitors came his way to brighten the lone- ly lives of himself and niece, who, he added, lived by making cuckoo clocks. It required no urging on the part of Kaspar Kollner, the cottager, to induce bis guest to defer bis return until the following day, and after supper, served by the mountaineer's attractive young niece, the tourist was equally willing to join his host in a pipe and game of ecarte, while the young lady looked on and play- ed weird airs upon her guitar. Whether it was the strange quality of he run deniable beauty and the sombre mystery of her eyes, or the music, Gaston soon lost interest in the game. Although there seemed little purpose or training in her listless playing, the sounds seemed to hint at unfathomable things, at fan- cies such as Gaston .supposed might visit the soul of one who had strayed from the paths of his fellow-men into an exotic, unhealthy world of his own, where strange birds sang in a dusky, scented twilight. He played recklessly, lost stea- dily, and was repeatedly compelled to resort to the Bank of England notes in his wallet. "You are in bad luck to-night. Shall we stopp You must be tired after your long tramp," at last suggested the host. Then, counting the money slowly and with evident pleasure, hs handed to Gas- ton all the latter had lost. It was prompt- ly-pushed back protestingly, whereupon Kollner exclaimed. J<NeverI The plea sue is mine; the money is vours. It is my custom to play for stakes to lend in- terest te the game, but the law of hos- pitality forbids me keeping what I win." So Gaston returned the money to bis wal- let and bade his generous host and host- ess good-night. Kollner led him to a large, low- studded room on the upper floor, in which every article of furniture was elaborately nand-carved. "The masterpiece of my craft," ex exclaimed Kollner, ¿ts he pointed with pride to a mammoth cuckoo clock, fully four feet wide and reaching nearly to the ceiling. "But our proudest posses- sion," he continued, as he led his guest through a tall French window upon a small verandah, "is this," pointing to a view that caused Gaston to pause for breath. The balcony directly overhung the mighty gorge, and from the gulf of blackness far below rose the sound of the tumultuous stream, while an uncer- tain moon threw fantastic shadows over the towering peaks above. "Most won- derful of all," continued Kollner, "is the echo, The Ghost of the Gorge' as it is called. You shall hear it at dawn." With that- he wound up and set the big clock, adding, 'When the cuckoo calls, rise and come to this balcony. My mece shall i play from the rocks below and you will j hear the spirit answer. Good-night!" As on may other weary nights, sleep refused to come to Gaston. He lay for hours listening to the gurgle of the water and hearing it in echoes of the wild mus- ic of the guitar. Towards morning a feverish slumber came, from which he was aroused by the shrill "Cuckoo 1 Cuck- oo 1" of the mechanical bird. Clard in bis pyjamas he drowsily Croped his way in the dusk towards the balcony. He had almost reached it when he overturned the chair which had served to keep the window half open during the night. In its outward fall it" carried down the balcony with a crash, and Gas- ton, horror-stricken, barely kepFlÖB bal- ance by grasqing the window casing. From the dark chasm rose the weira strains of the guitar, echoing through the gorge. The Lorelei was calling! But her notes were drowned by the shrill creaking of the iron hinges upon which the balcony now swung to and fro below Gaston, and which, like a flash, told him he had been led. to a man-trap of hellish' ' ingenuity. ' Instantly horror gave way to anger, and the-instinct of self-defence roused him to action. For months he had been reckless of danger, almost courted death. Now he was seized with an almost over- powering desire to live. He turned from the window and began to dress hurriedly when a noise attracted his attention to the cuckoo clock. Was it a hideous de- lusion? No i The thing was actually moving towards the centre of the room t In another instant Kollner appeared: from an adjoining room through a door which the clock had concealed, his eyes: glaring fiendishly. as they rested upon the empty bed. Then, as he turned and saw Gaston, his face became a mask of absolute fright and bewilderment. For a moment only he recoiled then flung himself upon his «uest with the fury of a beast. Each instantly realised that the strug- gle would be to the death. Frenzied by the miscarrying of his diabolical plot, the mountaineer struggled madly, blind- ly, for a grip that should enable him to hurl his adversary over the mighty pre« cipice. Foiled again and again bv the agility of Gaston, and forced to the de- fensive, he turned towards the open door to escape. As he did so Gaston rushed upon him and pinned his arms to his sides, and pushed him inch by inch to the open window, and-Caspar Kollner reached the end of the Witches' Path! Ten minutes Gaston found the niece quietly preparing breakfast. She looked surprised, but when he told her that her uncle and not he had answered the Lor- elei's call, she asked, with naive inno- cence, what he meant, ic was only after he had threatened to hand her over to the police at Trieberg that she made this confession : - She had been brought up by her uncle, who had invented the folding balcony, and who always engaged his guests in a game of cards. He invariably won be- ^ cause he had taught her as a child to signal, by means of notes and chords on the guitar, the cards held by his oppon- ent. He thus learned if his guests wera supplied with money, and to gain their full confidence returned all they had lost. He was thus enabled to set the man-trap from his room below. Although the gorge held the remains of thirty victims, lt was a boast of his that he had never killed a man, that each had of his own free will walked into eternity. - Gaston had heard enough. He did not 6top for breakfast. He left Trie berg the following evening, and thoughts of his business troubles no longer occu- pied bis mind. When he returned to America, he set to work to retrieve his lost fortune, and the folding fire-escape, he tells his friends, was suggested by something he saw abroad. Gaston does not claim the gift of se- cond sight, but he knows, he says, that in the performance of the Zillerthalers. the weird strains produced by "The Girl with the Guitar" describe to her blind- folded sister the articles borrowed of the audience.-Exchange. 