1900! With the liope which the poet says " springs eternal in the human breast," we begin to-day the last year of the old cen- tury. And a wonderful century it will have proved when it finally glides into "the "dream of things that were." We look before and after, and, standing to- day on the threshold of the new, glance our briefest good-bye at the past year. So eagerly are our faces turned for ever and ever, onward that we never, except for the most momentary of intervals, stay to trouble ourselves over what is gone. It must be so; because life's joys are of such elusive and mercurial quality that "man never is, but always to be, blest." And yet, if we would pause for a moment, with a glance at the vanished year, we could not fail to discern in it many a bright streak of sunshine mingled with the shadow. To the politician it will always be the year in which we carried Federation triumphantly at the Referendum polls of the five federat- ing colonies. There are circumstances con- cerning it which make not a few feel resent- ful. There were ten delegates who came from West Australia in the Federal Con- vention. They assisted to put into the Fede- ral Constitution all its Conservative defects, and none of its Liberalism. They increased the difficulty of the financial problem, delayed the business of the debates, and were the cause of the Convention break- ing up before it had finished its proper labors. And West Australia, after acting this mischievous part, will, after all, not be in the Federation. The rest is pleasant enough. New South Wales polled her people in a majority of 25,000 for Federation; Victoria polled in a majority of 143,000 for it, and Tasmania, South Australia and Queensland have all spoken unequivocally enough that they want to be brethren all in one national bond. And as they have said it, so it must be in a few months. It has seemed to many as if every one of the State Parliaments, with the uneasy sense of paling their ineffectual fires before the luminary in the Federal firmament, have grown erratic and demora- lised. In no other way is it possible to account for the almost simultaneous defeat of the long-lived Governments in each of the federating colonies, and their continued preservation in the two colonies which are standing out of the Federation. In Victoria, almost from the opening of the session, a paralysis seemed to settle on the House and a palsy to creep over the faculties of the Government. There was scarcely as much energy in either as would fan away the political flies that interfered with their slumbers. It was a session in which the ideal was to dawdle and doze, and talk about the coming Federation, with- out doing a hand's turn in preparation for it. There was nobody to lead—nobody willing to follow. And then it fell out that, as idle bodies are generally busybodies, and as the unemployed brain is said to be the devil's workshop, there sprang up a restless resolution to turn out the Government. For a long time the conspirators failed to find a leader. The Conservative Opposition leaders were quite impossible. Apart from their politics, Sir John M'Tntyre is regarded as a sort of political Merry Andrew, and Mr. Gillie's as a mummy, who, if he has not received ante-mortem embalmment, it is only because nature has petrified his facul- ties in advance. Failing these, and passing the Corner, which always has the go-by, the selection of a leader was not easy until at last the political, engineer lighted upon the hapless Mr. M'Lean. The politician does not live who ean remember when Mr. M'Lean ever said, a hard or rasping thing against him, much less when he ever did an unkind one. So poor Mr. M'Lean, as the penalty of his vir- tues, was selected to lead the attack, in which he succeeded, and ever since the man of peace has found his political path leading him through shallows and miseries, with the promise in store that he is to he politically bowstrung at the end of the shortest Minis- terial time on record in the colony. In connection with this event there are two others that a good many people talk about in various ways. One is a political death, and the other a political resurrection. Of the two, perhaps the resurrection is the sadder. Mr. Shiels for five years has been little more than a memory. He may be said rather to have stalked through the Parlia- mentary lobbies like a spectre than to have appeared there in the life. Once a month or so, his spare, erect figure revisited the glimpses of the electric lights before the Speaker's Chair, and then vanished again as silently as it came, as if it emerged out of space, and had been once more swallowed up in it. But when the work of capsizing the Turner Government began in earnest, the political spectre became instinct with utterance once more; for Mr. M'Lean's undoing it became the god of his machine, and it most uncannily timed and directed the guillotine that decapitated the Turner Government. Then, when, the work being done, everybody expected to see the political wraith glide back into its congenial realm of shadows, the announcement came that it was a joint head of the new Government, "co-equal in all things" with Mr. M'Lean. That is the sensational political event of the year. The other event that was a nine days' gossip was the rocket-like rise and eclipse of Mr. M'Cay. The late member for Castle- niaine is compounded of the stuff that shines. It cannot even for a brief period keep itself hidden. Sometimes it has a glitter that captivates; sometimes, like Marley's Ghost, it has a baleful light about it like "a bad "lobster, in a dark cellar." When Mr. M'Cay rose up against the Turner Govern- ment, answering to the beckoning of the mysterious Shiels, it was the Ides of March for him. He coruscated for a brief hour, became a Minister, and then suffered under an ignominious extinguisher at the. hands bf constituents who had been impulsively kind to him. And now people are speculating as to whether Mr. M'Cay or Mr. Shiels is the more happy in what has taken place. It was different in New South Wales. Mr. Reid was not expelled from office because he had lost all motive force, but because he was found out. His past trickeries came home to him, and he now stands exposed as one of the most hollow political shams who ever held the reins of Government under false pretences. But the House that found him out so very late might easily have had its eyes opened earlier if so minded. In Tas- mania, the Braddon Government was dis- missed in disgrace, owing to the dishonor- able conduct of a Minister. In South Australia, Mr. Kingston's Government was turned out by a fickle Labor vote, and almost instantly invited to return. His colleagues have gone back, but Mr. Kingston declines office. In Queensland, the Parlia- ment did with Mr. Dickson as the other Parliaments have done with their Premier. It turned him out, and then, repenting, took more umbrage against his suc- cessor, and put back another Ministry of the same complexion as Mr. Dickson's. Some people regard these as the flare-up escapades of the State Parliaments on the eve of their political declension; and they are divided in opinion as to whether they are endemic to such Houses or a politi- cal epidemic of a period corresponding in State concerns with the bubonic plague in physical nature. The doctors are quite undecided as to whether the affection is stamped out in Victoria or whether it will begin its course next week on the M'Lean Government. There has been one other aspect, too, in which Parliament has shown itself amongst the decadents. It has taken to the bad course of vilification: Mr. Frank Madden was the first who perceptibly lowered the reputation of the House in this way. Mr. Graves was the second. Both, in littleness of spirit, conceived evil of others, and then uttered it in slander and calumny. The Madden case is that which has shown Parliament in its most odious aspect. It was one in which a private member took advantage of his position of safety, to speak falsely and flagrantly within Parliament words which he dare not utter outside as a responsible citizen before the law. His accusations were such as, if true, would have stamped dishonor on at least two dead Ministers of the Crown, on several dead officials, and on one living citizen. He pro- mised to make them good, if opportunity offered, " before any tribunal in the " world." A competent tribunal was appointed. He slunk away from it under a paltry pretext; one that was as hollow and false as his charge; and a full investiga- tion, in a careful report as to the fact, stamped on him the infamy of his malice. The other case was not so openly vile, because Mr. Graves had at least, in the false charges he made against Mr. Best's personal honor, the excuse that he was trying to light an existing wrong, and he had the courage to stand a trial; while in the Madden case there was not even an ostensible motive save personal malignity. Still, Mr. Graves charged an honorable man, out of the evil suspicions of his nature, with having done an act which would, if true, brand him for ever with merited infamy. The Board declared that charge to be untrue. The third act of this malodorous drama came when this same Parliament charged two reputable, citizens with violating one of its technical privileges. There was not a tittle of legal proof; but wielding a power which is irresponsible and without appeal, this precious tribunal, which calls itself a Court of Justice, declared an offence for which it could find no precedent, and awarded a penalty against the newspapers. We may well be glad to turn from these causes of dissatisfaction and failure to sub- jects of a brighter nature. The honor received by the Mayor of Melbourne, Mr. M'Eacharn, in being elected to the Chief Magistracy for a third term was a notable one, done designedly by the council to one who was esteemed to have the merits of a notable citizen, and who has now received the honor of knighthood at the hands of his Sovereign; Then there was the splendid vote given for Mr. Gillott, who only just missed the Mayoralty, and was rewarded a week or two later by being given a walkover in East Melbourne for the Parliamentary representation of that electorate. Another and not less pleasant public recognition took place when the Footscray electors, by a very decided majority, chose Mr. Mauger to represent them in Parliament. All the landed interests of the country, and all the trading interests as well, are cer- tain to remember the year 1899 as the one of the big wool rise. Nothing like it has been seen for decades. Whether it be, as some think, because the world has disco- vered a shortage in its wool supply, or whe- ther it is because of the actual wars and rumors of ware that are calculated to fright the souls of fearful adversaries," certain it is that wool has taken an up- spring in price, which has made every pas- toral heart light and every pastoral pocket heavy. It has added millions to our year's income and given a spirt to every subordi- nate interest in the country. The wheat crop, too, promises to be amongst the heaviest ever reaped, and if the prices only maintain a moderate level, nothing can pre- vent the new year being an easier one than any of its immediate predecessors. Black spots we have had in the shape of domestic tragedies. During all the earlier portion of the last year the public were forced to listen to the details of one of the most incomprehensible crimes in Queens- land that over gave color to the doctrine of a personal devil. A triple murder and a double violation, shrouded in a veil of mys- tery that remains impenetrable, was the record of human depravity and of police failure. Now we have a companion crime in Victoria, a little child of eight years of age having been the victim of lust and butchery. We may hope, however, that in this later case the stops of justice will be more prompt in trucking the criminal and sheeting home the crime. It is in connec- tion with black personal crime that we appropriately recall the Dreyfus case, which has stained France with a disgrace all but indelible. Whether Dreyfus be guilty or innocent, it is quite beyond doubt that he was surrounded by a gang of high placed forgers, perjurers, pimps, bribers and bri- bees, from which no man could have safely emerged, however, immaculate. Generals and officers in posts of honor were shown to be the familiar creatures of the most abject and degraded rascality. Some few French- men stood out from this seething sink of human corruption, perfect Bayards, of chi- valrous nobility. Picquart half redeems Fiance, as Lot's family did for the welter- ing City of the Plain. But the page of French history which sent Dreyfus to the Devil's Isle, and which still leaves him legally stamped with the brand of treason, whilst confessed forgeries, perjuries and conspiracies against him remain; unpun- ished, is one which can be blotted out only in some great national purgation. To Australia, however, as to the Empire at large, the one great subject that stands over every other, in 1899 is the Boer War. It is remarkable indeed that two of Mr. Gladstone's darkest life blots should have almost simultaneously forced themselves through their mischievous consequence on the attention of his countrymen again. His pusillanimous betrayal of poor Gordon ,at Khartoum cost England ten years of Soudan bloodshed before the reeking cor- ruptions of the false Prophet could be root- ed out of Upper Egypt. His shameful sur- render to an ignorant Boerish oligarchy after Majuba Hill and Laing's Nek prepared the way for a deep laid Dutch conspiracy, nursed in secret, and pursued through years of patient preparation, for the sub- version of the whole British Empire in South Africa, and the establishment of a Boer Confederation on its ruins. That was Gladstone's legacy to his countrymen. It stands against him in imperishable obloquy, and cancels many debts for services in other directions. The Boer War was truly an Imperial debt that Mr. Gladstone contrac- ted, and which his countrymen after him have to pay in blood as well as treasure. There are a few, a very few, who say that the Boer War is an unjust one on the part of Great Britain. But there has never been one of these critics who has attempted to answer the plain fact that the British troops are even now fighting an invader who began the war with an insolent ulti- matum to a suzerain Power. Nor is there the pretence of showing any middle course between accepting Boerish battle and giving up British territory in Natal and Cape Colony. Indeed there never was a war into which England was more absolutely forced against her will, and for which she was more unprepared. Her enemy has had all the advantage of cunning, treason and treachery—years of secret preparation. The preliminary losses have been corre- spondingly heavy. The British frontier line has been forced at all points. British subjects have been ravaged and raided by armed enemies. British soldiers and citizens have been cooped up in towns and fortresses, and forced to play the part of the beleaguered. British subjects of Dutch descent have thrown off their loyalty, and have gone over in thousands and tens of thousands and given help to the enemy. Continental haters of Great Britain have seized the occasion to pour into the ranks of these semi-savage enemies, of civilisation, and wreak all the injury that their military skill and national malice could devise. All this has been the outcome of the first two months of the war, almost before tho British nation could begin to turn itself in its giant strength and prepare to meet its ready foe. And it is in these circumstances that the Australian colonies have shown themselves at their Imperial best. The insolence, the injustice, the distant difficulties which the Empire was suddenly summoned to meet brought out a spontaneous spirit of Austra- lian patriotism and Canadian patriotism which has shown, as nothing else ever before showed, the passionate sense of Imperial unity that pervades the Empire wherever the flag flies. After this Boer War the world will know, as it never knew before, that the British under every star are one people with one destiny. We have now 90,000 British troops in South Africa. Australians are there, taking their manly parts under African heats, in the Empire-building work, that is going for- ward. Canadians are there; Indians are there; the Irish, the Scotch, the English, the Welsh are there. The wealth of a nation of Croesuses is behind them. But above all, there is at their back the uncon- quered and unconquerable spirit of a people who never show their true mettle until it is challenged. There is no possible doubt, and there never has been, about the result. If 200,000 men and £200,000,000 of money were needed, they would be forth- coming. Krugerism and cruelty will be stamped out, and Dutch treachery in South Africa will raise its head no more. Savagery and oppression must dis- appear. Freedom and equal laws must replace the gloomy despots who revelled in a corrupt Pretorian autocracy. The dawn of a brighter era is already breaking. We read in the details told by the escaped captive from Pretoria that the heart of the sullen and revolted land is already dark with the shadow of its impending ruin. The tyrants in the Spyt- fontein trenches may still for a while, in sheer despair, flog their slaves arid allies into the shambles; but the day of a stern reckoning is not distant, when the flag which is a symbol of equal and just laws shall fly everywhere over the rolling veldt. 