^^o(it-Iaiie;:Gft(i;; \\. ;Bp ffltich that i^ out of tho ordinary ??' ancl-so niuoh that -borilors upon tlio : occult entisrs into tho naLtaiivo wo arb' ' /about to consider, that it is above nil .' things necessary to rolatq tho undis ; putea nice ot : ?tno story wicu rigid ?.'y. severity and precision. ^- . ' \ ? -Therd is prnotically no dispute as to. -'????! ; the principal. pointH ; all tho con :', -trpversy, turns tipon the inforences and (Jotluctions. Tho fact that spiritualism ?„:' enters largely into tho story is sufficient ' in itsolf to make niost peoplo prejudiced at the bnl^i-t, and ciuisp thorn to regard -..?'? the horoino Of the story as an impostor ?'??i ??', . ?without givin» her a fair case and ' impartial huaring. For tho sake of' '....??,?? such we may only sny that although .the great majority are opposed to -a ': belief in spiritualism, yet there is a :..- '?'.?; small but by no means iusigniticant . :: , minority who plotlgo their faith to it, ' . '' v.and avo ready to advance numerous : ?-??? proofs^ih its support. An opon mind ' should thorofore 1)0 kept when any , circumstances tending to support or to confuto the spiritualistic theory' is advanced. .;, ; In. the case beforo us tho porson ,.? chiefly concerned was merely. a child .'.- ,:'?,/? , twelve ? years old, who, it might be .'. thought, could have' had no nltorior . ;;'?? motive in practising a deception which v was bound to bo discovered if false, to ? .'bring hoavy punishment upon herself ?j- and her frionds, and to do great injury, . ??; ? .to, a cause she may have wished to .:. strengthen. ? Yet it may be pointed out \: that it is raost unusual for a child of ? 'poor education and of such tendoryenrs ?';???: to expose horself to all sorts of trouble ? for the sake of helping a theory which '?';,?, she could not possibly havo perfectly 'understood. Wewillrolato tho historic .facts as briefly as possible. ?;:.;?? THE MYSTEEIOUS KNOCKINGS. \'\ '??'?. In tho year 17G2 there lived in Cock .'?' ? Lane, a narrow thoroughfare in Sinith '???'?' ;?. field, the clerk of St Sepulchfo'sChurch. ? His iiani/? was Parsons, and he made a '/.little extra monoy by letting apart ;,' vments. His rooms were taken by a woman of shady reputation calling herself Miss Fanny, and the landlord's daughter, twelve years old, slept with her. When Miss. Fanny had been in the house a few days she complained of violent knockings which kapt her awake all night. ? She said the sounds '. were like the baminorings of a sboe rnaker, and, strange to say, there was a shoemaker living next door. It was easily discovered, however, that tho knockings took place at a time when he was not at work, and continued nil 1 Sunday when ho was out of the house. It was not Miss Fanny alone who '^ heard these noises. . First the mother and the - father wove brought in and l ' heard them distinctly, then the neighbours were invited, and they were also abundantly satisfied. No secret at this time was made of the affair, but all who cared to conic and listen ' were welcome, and almost invariably 1 the mysterious knockings soluted their ears. Miss Fanny, not faring to be in a house to which so much attention v was drawn, hurriedly left ; and she idied some time afterwards in Clerkon well. - From tho time that she left to the time that she died, eighteen months altogether, not a knock was heard in Cock Lane ; but as soon as Miss Fanny died . the knockings recommenced. They always took place in tho room in ?which the landlord's daughter was placed, and nowhere else. The parents changed her room, but with no success. Directly the girl got into bed she went intoafit, and knockings and scratchings 1 were heard. Tho father came to the conclusion that a ghost wished to communicate something of importance to the mate rial world.' When the knockings began he commenced to put questions, and ho requested the ghost to reply by 1 knocking in such a manner that ha would be able to understand what they meant. A message was thon conveyed, to him that tho spirit engaged, in knocking was that of tho now deceased Miss Fanny, and she wished him, it appoarod, to know that she had : been: poisoned by a- .gentleman, ??MryKentj': . with whom she had led an evil life.' ..' \- BEGINNING OF .THE EXCITE- '' ?????.; MENT. , - This ' was an unexpected deyelbp , ment. The sensational story soon got 'abroad, and Cock Lane became av notorious place in London. It was visited by hundreds and thousands of persons. Ladies of fashion, Ministers; of State noblemen, and their wives, clergymen, and all the prominent' peoplo of tho day, including the fain- ' ' s ous Dr Samuel Johnson, ^thought it, proper to go to Cock Lane in'.ordeV toi investigate this mystery first hand. :. In addition to these the public intent only ! upon prjiqg into what was curious and ' and inexplicable. Horace Walpolo wrote a long account of his visit, but did not disguise his belief that it was a rank imponture, , though .'be could not discovor how it was dono. ?'''''??.;?,'' ? Mr Parsons, the father of thogirl, had now found that tho ghost was. vory profitable to him. He roceived' feos from -the visit )rs and rapidly, accum ulated money. If ho was quite serious and in earnest at first, and had a con sciontous boliof that the knockings were genuine and the ghost itself above suspicion, thoro is no doubt that before the business ended he had decidml toi koep tho mystery going for tho sake of the wealth it brought him. Neverthe less he acted in a seemingly straght forward , manner by allowing ovory scope for' investigation, by permitting the wainscotting to bo pulled down, and the flooring to bo puhVd up. in order that any trickery might bo dis covered or the ghost located. Ho also allowed his daughter to bo taken into other houses, but the knocking always followed, and no artifice was detected. Tho point therefore arises, was there the least truth in the strange affair from first to last? Did the trickery begin eighteen months before Miss Fanny's death, was it neglected, for that period, and wns it deliberately recoin monced ? If tho last contention is cor rect, it is strange that eighteen months should hn-va boon allowed to fllansn without even a sign, and without some some little trick to keep tho game going and to excite interest. But there appears to have been no preparation for tho sudden development which took' place. That in itself requires explan ation. ..'??. ' ' ' '?? ' DR. JOHNSON'S INVESTIGA- ,: .. TI0N. .'? ? t ;? Until Boswell wrote the life of John son there was a common supposition that the fine old eighteenth century celebrity ? was one of 'the believers in the genuineness of the Cock Lane Ghost The duty devolved upon his relate the true circumstances of John son's connection with tho alleged impos ture. He went with the Rev. Dr. Doug las, afterwards Bishop of Salisbury, to investigate tho matter at first hand, and ho subsequently roto an account of it in tho ' Gentleman's Magazine.' His narrative is. so interesting and so im portant in enabling us to determine tho true facts of the case, that we shall produce part of it here, as reported by Boswell. He said that abbut ten o'clock at night, on the 1st of February 1762, the girl supposed to be disturbed by a spirit was put to bed by several ladies wit h proper caution, the gentlemen remain ing below. Tho ladies sat with tho girl for about an hour and heard nothing, whereupon they went downstairs The father of the girl strongly denied any knowledge or belief of fraud, and the investigators 'decided to leave the house and go into a vault under the Church of St John, Clorkenwell, as the supposed spirit (Miss Fanny) had prom ised to give a token of her presence there by knocking uponi her coffin, while they were inquiring and delibera ting, so Dr. Johnson's report proceeds, they wore summoned into the girl's chamber by some ladies who had gono first to her bedside, and who said they had heard knocks and scratches. When the gentlemen entered the girl declared that she felt tho spirit like a mouse on her back. She was told to put her hands out of bed, and from that time the noise ceased, although all tho persons present solemnly appealed to the spirit if it were there to make its presence manifest. ? Tho spirit was next told that the person to whom the promise, was made in respect to striking the coffin -was about to visit the vault, andit was. requested to fulfil'its.proni-, ise. .... ??.-}. 0 ;'??''; \\. . : '???'.:?'.: - At bneVo'clock the company went into the church, but there was. complete silence. Oti their return they examjried tlie'^irl^b'at-'OQuld .' draw no confession ffoiri.heri: ;:'BetY?een two -and three she desiied|torg6 home with her father, and, iyas permitted to do; so. 'It 'is, therefore, the opinion of the whole assembly,' ' wrote Dr. Johnson, ' that tho'child; has some art of making or counterfeiting a. particular noise,' and that there is no, .agency of any higher cause.' ';'':'vv'--^_i;'. ? ?. ? ?.'??'.???'??:-;''V:/i ?Such., .was .the conclusion' of -Dr Johnson;' and i' carries great weight with it. :. But it' will be observed that the! result of his' investigations-was purely negative, and while it proved nothing -it did riot definitely disprove anything. ? The excuse commonly put forward is that the spirit, had it existed, would refuse to submit to tests, and and would only give genuine manifes tations at its own pleasure and oppor tunity; .'- It; does not appear that Dr. Johnson : continued his investigations ; he was ?' content with his one visit, and ;' did -not think it necessary ?to ;? reconsider the conclusion then arrived : at. . He is a hostile witness, and'v vinust ' : bo. reckoned . with as such, 'but ; when the grounds ? of his; hostility are carefully examined, it'will b6 admitted that; he 'thigh t, with profit to' hiniseif aai .to others, have enlarged ?the scope':: of - his inquiry, and have offered greater :' assistance than,he did to the i/jf orming of' a; definite judgment on this 'mysterious subject. Yet his yer;?',ct must not be lightly cast aside,' for^he was himself somewhat ( of a believer in ghosts, and was, therefore, likely, to have believed' in the' girl if ho had' discovered sufficient reasons for it. QUESTIONING THE GHOST. To return to the narrative. ?? ? Among other things, the man Parsons ; sent for; a gentleman ; to witness 'the .phenomena, 'and this person ' was' so . impressed ' by what he saw and heard that he decided to communicate with the parish clergy man,' and' on a selected dale about twenty persons decided to sit up all night . arid await 'the ghost's arrival. The girl was put to' bed, after a full examination of the bed arid bed-clothes, and . no hard substance, so the record runs, was found concealed! any vvhere upon which the child could produce sounds of her own. .The company waited some hours, and then knockings were distinctly heard. They seemed to come from the adjoining wall The child at the same lime declared that. she could see Miss Fanny, who was anxious to .de liver . a message to the .company. Questions were then put to the ghost, who rapped out tho answers. Pier story was that she had been poisoned by Mr Kent, that no one was concerned in her murder but him, and that she intended to follow the child wherever she went. Some test questions were pul lo her, nnd ihe answers lo them arc of the utmost importance. She was asked if she had told her sei vant that she had been poisoned just before her death, nnd the reply was that she had done so an hour before. The servant, how ever, who was present, point-blank denied this,, anil declared that Miss Fanny was speechless for an hour or more' before her death. In this par ticular, therefore, il was taken thai the ghost lied, and the inference was ihal the whole business was an imposture. But il happened that with ibis one ex ception the replies were correct, ami the company were 'thoroughly be wildered by what they hail witnessed and by what they had heard. ll is worth noiing thai ihe 'host phophesied thai Mr Kent would be arresied for the murder, ami thai be would confess ilie crime, ami ihal he. would be hanged — all of which state ments, wo may here n mark, were proved in be ' rkUuilously false by subsequent events1. On abater occasion Mr Kent himself went down into the vault arid implored the ghost totell himrdirect whether;he, had poisoned .her, but he..could get no answer. This gentleman, although his past life with 'Miss' Fanny had riot been, very creditable,. was: nowopiacpd.irisb em barrassing :;a- position that he , deter mined . to take - proceedings I; to. '?'iclear himself , of the odious charge brought against him; He indicted -Parsons, his wife, the daughter, ? Mary IJraser . the servant, and; . several friene?; ,-. of . .the family for. conspiracy. He*' declared that the whole. business was fraudulent, and that the object of it, was to; terrorise himself and to obtain riioney?by. false1 jretences. Parsons, it now transpired;1 had borrowed money from .Mr Kent, and had not paid it back;'; and the lender had pressed him for . its return. The case began to; wear an ugly look . '?'.';? ''..-, a TRic^,DiscUy?REp; ;?, - . In the meantirrie it - had' beeri.deter rriined to te'st''the.:girl again. '.'vHer^bed; was tied .lip invithefinarineri of i a .ham- mock, ; ancl her bandstand feet 'were sprcau out. ana ?iasieneu aown. , r.or two nights she' was: uriiier observation, a'nd.'no.' sounds 'were^Keard.; ; She.was, ihen told that if the knockings were : riot ? heard 'any more she ancl her parentsand' friends would be taken'; to .prison,': and she was pressed to confess', if she had knowingly practised a deception/ ^She, declared she had net, and was' then al-: lowed one more night in pfder^tp give the ,spirit a' chance of '. making a com-' muriicatioriy , .. : V ?/;:'??'. ? ?'., ?'?';:?:. ?'.?? v.y i '.That- night : she concealed !: a board under her stays. ' She, got iritobed . ber : lieving tins was unknown arid unnoticed, and promised that the.1 spirit should i iip pear at six' o'clock in the -.morning:; ? -At that hour- sure ' enough' certain knock-: ings and;1 scratchings began, whereupon the girl: was' searched, and the board, of course,; discovered; ? This seemed to prove the case «f, imposture, but now a most important fact has k- be recorded. The sounds made '? by the1 girl on the board were unamimbusly . declared by all who heard them, and who had heard the original noises, to be totally diffe rent from the sounds supposed to be made by the spirit. The theory, therefore, was started that the child, .'knowing that she would be cast : into_ prison -if 'another night passed iri'silence, was so frightened at theprospectthat she decided to resort to clumsy trickery. It-will be remem bered thai , when ?' she ^ had ' previously been ^observed./ arid when her belong ings had been examined, nothing was found upon which 'she could have made a noise, and if she had.on that occasion concealed a- board in bed or under her clothes, she would undoubtedly have been detected.' . What she did., in her desperation was so simple, childish, and foolish, that we V can scarcely believe1 she had done it1, before and escaped detection. ?? ; It must be : remembered that she had everthing to lose' by riot making the attempt,. If no sounds came, prison awaited her. ? Is it to be wondered at, theri.'that the girl decided to take the risk of compelling the sounds to come j and' so have one chance of escape? She would argue that even though the imposition was discovered, the penalty would be no greater than would have been incurred by her failure. Thus she had every inducement to run the risk. CONVICTION— BUT DOUBT REMAINS. What had happened, however, was sufficient to convict her in the Courts. All the conspirators were found guilty of conspiracy, and heavy punishment awaited the ; principal offender. ? Par sons was sentenced to imprisonment for two years, his wife to imprisonment for one year, and the servant for si.\ months. Other persons who had sup ported theiri were reprimanded and lined. The question still remains — was this an imposture from beginning to end ? That it concluded with a trick everyone knows ; but was it a trick at the outset, and if so, how was it accomplished, and with what object was it played ? The majority of the authorities agree that the girl did not use a board except on the last occasion. How, then, were the sounds made V Some say by ventrilo quism ; but this is scarcoly satisfac tory. Ventriloquism is nsually carried on by men, and that a child of twolvc should havo been a ventriloquist is a marvel so great as not to .bo credited. Bosides,' if tho girl had carried on her imposture by moans of ventriloquism she could as easily have mado tho sounds when under observation as at other times, and thero would not havo boon tlid slightest need for her carry ing 11 board to bed with hor for tho purpose of producing noisos. It would have made no difi'eroiieo whether sho was In a bed or in a hammock, whether her limbs wuro fastened or were freo. Assuming that sho was a ventriloquist, she could havo continued her deception tn tin1 last without fear of discovory. Sho would certainly not havo allowed whole days and nights to ??'. ' V ': ??;?'?? '?-?' '.'??^?'y.vt'^f^l!-. ? go by without malting a sound at all, especially when she know how this silence was being misconstrued. ) Another theory is that she was helped by hor father and mother, who in some secrot sort of way quite unex plained were in the habit of knocking the wall and scratching in various parts of the room without being pbsoryed by any of tho visitors. But wo doubt whether such a clumsy con trivnnco could have possibly been concealed for months and years as hap:ened in this case, whothor it would have been carried on with equal success in differont rooms and even in different houses. And if the father and mother were tho tricksters, why did they not carry on their trick to the end? It stands to reason jjhat the father and mother were kept closely I under inspection from tho first, and that any manoeuvring on thuir part would at once have created suspicion. We are therefore inclined to reject this explanation. .A third theory is that the girl in variably concealed some hard sub stance about her with which she could produce sounds by an adroit movement of her hands or feet. But, . again, it must be remembered that.no move ment on her part was ever seen, ; and that when she .was examined most rigorously no article was found upon her. ?_? f';' . .'. ,??.,':. :;1; ?}'; ??-.?: ?.?..? : '?' a/cal^fo'r- further in '., :?';,..?:-;; -^QUIRY, : ;'/:,/ V;/.;. ? ? What,;.thenV: ;arc,; we'.' tp: conclude ? Wedo riotxare tp:say a. wprd'in favour of the ; ioccult ,':'and supernaturalj;' es pecially when ;the . chief ' hctor in the drama ended her career so ingloripusly; The final deed of the'girlof twelve- was so absurd , that it raises , our vd6ubts whether she 'would have' been able, to carry.; on a clever and :- complicated; ex posure ror years,.'.anc} not, oniy,,navc baffled, party after patty\ of ? inquirers, jbiit still have: left the precise, nature 'of the ,deceptiari;unresblved. J .^^; ..:? ? :' :'. '? Our own opinion is; that; the-: matter has^een^dismissed ''far top' lightly, and that; the infantile; trick:' to- which' the girl resorted iii ihe end has .cpncealedUhe real- importance of a-f ull./:inyestigation of .-. all the preliminary facts/:,' 'We' do not ..say for' a moment .; that ' .the: ??; ex- periences -of a'. girl' of:* twelve* were ? genuine, but.' on' ?Jhe t1 other 'i hand there .are . riiariy- , circumstarices' re .quired '? to .; prove , that tHey- were wholly, .fraudulent,-' A -number of those who :caine to 'the. conclusion that the; Cock Lane Ghost was an imposture ?did so, because they heard nothing. ..'though '-{that fact is not sufficient to prove any poimv'- |Mere negation- means that thecaseisuriproven. Others who came to; the' conclusion that the Cock Lane Ghost. was a fraud based, their opinion jtipon the -final folly of which the. girl 'was guilty,. but no proof has been torth coming that she perpetrated any such folly befpre,- and it would be very '. poor testimony, tp the sagacity and .the skill of. those who kept her under pbserva-; tiori to believe she had done so.-'' ?''?'??.. .We leave this case as mysterious as when we. found it,- convinced that though the Cock Lane Ghost may have been the veriest trick, it was one in which the girl of twelve proved herself more than a match for all the experts and philosophers of her own and suc ceeding generations. .'.' ' 