THE SEA-CLIFF TOWERS MYSTERY. CHAPTER XIII. (Continued). By J. D. HENNESSEY. AUTHOR OF Wynnum,” “The Dis Honorable.” “An Aus tralian Bush Track,” “a Lost Identity,” “The New-Chum Farmer,” etc., etc. William's first inquiry was after the health 0 f Miss Ballantyne, and on being assured that she was pr[?]sing favorably and world soon be about again, he commened j., talk about- the Towers. ■ The people in Australia arc wuruc tlinu f,»lks in the old country, doctor,” lie said. How's that, Williniu ?” Oh! I mtrail in trespassing upon pro jkmIv. Would :> t*u believe it, now, sir, i uimcd a party’ of .young chaps off tho lower'Rw*n this afternoon, who had just liNtd up their wickets to play, cricket here. TIrv ‘coolly toldtne that they had played ,l u; :. before without being interfered with. n -a they were not going to mTTvc for me. Warned' me to drink a drop of whisky with them, and take long slop, as they were short of a man.” -What d'd you do?" asked the doctor. laughing. “I went up end brought down tlifc gardener nml the mastiff, and wo cleared them out.” ■ You see there is so much open ground, so many broken and shaky fences around tliis neighborhood, that people have a very i, lit notion as to the rights of occupation trespa-s,” replied the doctor. -Thats all very well, but our fences are nil rigid, and they not only trespass upon the grounds, but they damage the place, and Jtc.il the fruit rnd timber unless you are al ways upon the watch. They come, too, in the night-time. I Hunk, - doctor, the young mistress ought to have a keep?r about the 'place at night. I shall be real glad when we rrc r.T safely back in the old land again.” Dinner was 'served to the doctor alone, ard he informed the housemaid that he should stop for the night,-mid sleep in the big bedroom iq the north wing. "By the way, Mary, ss I am to occupy ilie i3ik1 of the house l)J. myself, I think that X might unwell have Leo, the mastiff, with me; tell the gardener to send iilm along.” ; ■ The clock had struck ten when Doctor Siroug settled himself down in the chamber from Which Septimus Dorset had )disap peared. A lire burnt brightly in the room. II,- sa t beck from the hearth rug, however, h r the fire had bct?n placed there for the company and general comfort than for warmth! By his side, tho mastiff lay at ro-t. and on the table, within easy reach of l us hand, was a revolver. He was not sfeepy, but sat calmly tmnk hm out a score of tangled circumstances which j, r L .]t wanted an liour or two of reflection to set them straight. . Tiist of all in his thoughts came Beatrice Mnntvne; he had seen a good_ deal of Ik - .luring her illness ; had seen her when a udinmi appears to least advantage, in her hours of bodily weakness and pain, and de ])i issioii of spirits. How* calm and resolu.e Hu had been in suffering, how well she had luId herself in check. • j U ui tho woman I have wished for an I dreamt about as a wife,” he said to lum evli ‘ She will soon be well again, but Him place worries her; if I could get her c<uitu]cnee, and relieve her of her anxieties au I mysterious associations with the place h would help her, and f«>r the sake of love, even though it were not returned, or in 310 wir reworded, I would help her if X «:<■ iihl. Then he recalled his own early life in cnij.jany with his brave-hearted sister ; he reminded himself of his first settlement at Swwliff. of his first thoughts of Bayou on 1 Ballantyne and Seth Bosedale, and what lie had ‘heard of Mis. Dalbert. There had beer queer stories of Baymond Dallaniyne : of hi* domestic habits, of his tendency to fall asleep at most untimely seasons how lie had been known to play for hours updn the oigan in a state of semi- consciousness. "Could it be ixissiblc that he was asleep then?” Then the thought arose in his mind as to how Raymond Ballantyne came to commit suicide. Was there any want of truthfulness on the part of the witness who bore testimony to having seen him jump from, or -slip off, the rocks. Darker thoughts came into the picture. Had Seth Bosedale or Mrs. Dalbert any interest in his death ; were they benefited by it, and how ( Could Seth Bosedale have had aught to do with the disappearance of Septimus Dorset ? If so, what benefit could it be to him ? His thoughts were at this point, when he was startled. The mastiff was growling as it were below his breath. Tho doctor ’had heard no sound, saw no movement, but the dog, who lay with his nose upon the floor suddenly growled again. CHAPTER XIV. A MIDNIGHT ADVENTURE. Dr, Strong sat back in his chair and peered cautiously about the room. ‘What was the dog growling at?’ Ho hail a theory that animals sometimes see more than is visible to human eyes, and this seemed now to be corroborated, for suddenly the dog drew back* cringing as though threatened by a ghostly hand, and crouched nearer to the doctor. The huge annual visibly -shivered and then whined. There was no mistaking it, whether it was afraid of something at present invisible, hut something which he scented: or whe ther the dog saw mbre than the doctor, the animal was evidently afraid, for it turned it? eyes up to those of Doctor Strong in pkvilng entreaty, and then stood up m-mbling all over. 11 was the mute appeal of a dumb animal suggestive of fear and readiness for flight. or felt a chill go, through him, bJutwuRpeti Ins hand reassuringly on the dodJ£nead, at- which he sat down upon his Jflfnnches and gazed again in the direction of the fireplace, where a few coals still gave out a feeble glow. It was neury half-past eleven o'clock. Several minutes parsed without a sound, •the apprehension of the dog had, to some extent, seized hold of the doctor, and he he|d the revolver nervously in his hand while lie gazed around the room. Suddenly a whimper from the dog again arrested his attention, and looking over lo -ward the lire, ho saw the great square hearth, and fireplace, slowly s.nKing below the level of tho bedroom floor. Motioning to the dog, he stepped uoise •tessly bock across tho thick carpet, to a largo old-fashioned bay window, Avlurc heavy curtains provided a convenient hid ing place. The dog seemed instinctively to know that it was advisable to get behind cover, and in less rime than it takes to write it, the two wore sheltered at the back of the damask curtains. The revolver was m the doctor’s right hand. Home deviltry this!” was all that he sof.ly ejaculated, as he saw the fireplace and square still slowly descending, until at last it was out of sight, leaving oniy visible, from w*hj3i*e*the doc-.or stood, a large cavity. Scvuiuli things had thus far impressed themselves upon the solitary beholder of this strange scone. There had been no noise. Whatever mechanism it- was that worked this <3X.raord.nary lift, it must be finely finished and perfected. “Here is a clue to the disappearance of .Hptiiuud Dorset-, nad a corroboration of Sarah's story,” thought the doctor. ‘'Whether there is a gold mine or not, there is certainly something under the plruo, and this secret jift has been construc icd by a clever man, probably a k, coundrel for a purpose.” His thoughts were arrested by tho ap pearance from out of the cavity of the back of a man s head, and Dr. Strong grasped the revolver with a nervous grip as he poured between the curtains. It was a stoutish man sitting hr a rocking chair, with his face turned toward the dead embers of the firep'aco. The figure sat perfectly motionhss, and iji the dim light of the room (for Hie lamp had been lowered by tlio doctor), it was impossible to make out more than that the hands were clasped in front of him, and that one leg was lifted, so us to rest across the knee of the other. An hour iniis-t have passed—an hour of exquisite torture for Doctor Strong-—during wliich time the figure showed no sign of lift nr mol ion. Who was it that thus courted destruction?—for tho doctor’s finger was on the trigger a score of tiling, ready to send a bullet, through the man's head* Again and again he was on the point of coining out of his hiding place and grappling with the man in the chair, but with an iron will he restrained himself. It struck liim that the size of the figure very much resembled that of tho late Ray mond Ballantyne. Thbn the thought came to him of Mr. Ballantyne having been known to some as Raymond the sleeper. The man in the chair looked very much as though he were asleep. It was strange, he thought, that the dog should be so quiet. Was it because the thing inTront of him was dead ? Then thb idea flashed upon him that this was the body of the dead Raymond BaJ In il ly ne, preserved by some process known to Seth Bosedale, and that ns was projected into this chamber in this extraordinary fashion, in order that anyone seeing it might be terrified, and proclaim the Towns haunted by the ghost of its late proprietor. But tho ghostly thing .still made no sign, and, at last, Dr. Strong, unable to restrain himself any longer, stepped into the middle of the room, the dog following him with evident reluctance. He caught a glmjwo for a moment of an ashy white dead face, and then noticed the great square slowly settling down again below tho surface of the room. What should ho do? Eire and arouse the house hold, or jump upon the descending lift and see for himself w*hat there w'as below*. He had only* a moment to decide, and at once chose the latter alternative. Ho sprang lightly down, revolver in hand, at tho back of the descending figure. In a moment, however, he regretted his rashness, for an unseen hand suddenly wrenched the revolver from his grasp, and a savage blow felled him to the ground. It seemed but a moment when the faint lamp light above was suddenly blotted out' in darkness. The lift had evidently re turned to its accustomed position. Not a gleam of light was visible ; the -'darkness w*as so intense that one might al most feel it like a solid substance. The doctor placed his hand upon the floor; it felt like earth or gravel to the touch. But There was no sound to bo heard, although •ho listened with strained attention for the slightest noise. Nothing was to bo heard, however, around or in tho room above. The smell of tho place scorned to him faint and unwhole some. “What a fool I was to take a leap like ofchia in tho dark,” be thought. But he made no movement and sjmko no word, for ho felt that the .slightest indication of his whereabouts to an adversary might be fol lowed by a pistol shot or blow. CHAPTER XV. WHAT THE NEWSPAPERS SAID. There was great commotion when it wras discovered on tho following morning that Dr. Strong was missing. At first it amounted almost to a panic, and the whole of the servants w'Ore on the point of leaving. They had been awakened early in the morning by the barking of the mastiff ; but beyond sniffing around the room, and- espe dally around the fireplace, the movements of the do<g gave no ciuo wliatcver to what had happened during the night. - As soon as the nows got out about Wea cliff, the whole neighborhood was *hrown into a stale of unparalleled' excitement ; the question of these -disappearances, and especially that of Dr. Strong, were discus sed by men who had not spoken to each other for years previously. Grace was well nigh frantic as I o what' had happened to her brother, and commenced-a systematic search for some trace of his whereabouts, and yet managed the terrible tidings a se cret from Beatrice. There was a great stir in (he city on the matter being made' public in the following morning's papers, for both Septimus Dorset and Dr. Strong were fairly well known men, and as the resud of the newspaper para graphs, crowds hocked out during the week to see the Towers. The account given by one of i h'e leading Sydney journals was as follows*: ' ”M iisTKHIOUS DISAPPhhVKA-S' o,b'r,T£ "During the past few i]a(vtj,\hcve have been two very singular aiplunace mutable disappearances of welUkudwn “\cd£jUr& from the residence of \ the Ntc AlVr Raymond Ballantyne, at The place, which is a line and * stAiVO mansion, is known as ‘The Towei^ u, VITftU has recently come into the possession * f a niece of the Iv.tb owner. ‘Tt will be remembered by some of our readers that quite dxrently Mr. Septimus Dawson, of a well-known lirm of city soli citor's, was staying for the night at Seacliff Towers, having been called out there on busi ness connected with his profession. He slept in a large room at the northern end of the mansion, but in the morning, al though his clothes and money and jewellery idero found where he had placed them before retiring to rest, the gentleman was missing. No one was sleeping in the same room with him, and every effort has been since made both by-the detective department and his own friends to discover some trace of without succ;s-\ ‘ This lias naturally caused! his friends much distress and anxiety, and it seems that. Dr, Strong, who has attended Miss Ballantyne, the present owner, through a dangerous illness, the result of a shock caused by this misadventure, had specially set himself lo elucidate the mystery’. "On the evening of the 10th instant, it transpires that the doctor decided to spend the night alone in the very chamber from which his friend had disappeared, hoping thereby to obtain some clue. " Unfortunately, he and and not acquaint any member of his family of his intention, or they might have dissuaded him ; but, pleading a professional engagement which: was likely to detain him during the greater portion of the night, he reached the Towers about sundown, and acquainted the servants of his intention. It Hiould be said tlm , since Miss Ballantyne’s illness and the disappearance of her solicitor, Mr. Septimus Dorset, the oversight of the ser vants at the Towers had been practically in Dr. Strong's hands. ‘‘The coachman and gardener bo‘h of fered to keep the doctor company, but lie in sisted upon the house being closed up as usual for the night, and wTih a powerful mastiff dog and a revolver, Dr. Strong en-‘ tered the room, and was there seen for the last time. “A fire had been lit to air the apart ment, and a lamp was lighted by one • f the servants, but of what transpired during the night none save the dog have nnv knowledge, and. unfortunately, tlie animal has not been able to indicate any’ source from which an explanation might be ob tained. "Marly in the morning lie was heard barking, and the household being aroused, tU-* room, and house, ami grounds were carefully searched, but no clue to the doctor's singular disappearance could be discovered. The dog seemed nervous, and cx uld only be induced to enter the room again with difficulty. A careful examina tion of the apartment, made yesterday by an expert detective, who bad for some weeks been engaged upon the strange case of Mr. .Septimus Dorset, suggested a clue which the officers hope may’ lead to some thing. Hairs of the dog were found behind the curiums of a large bav-window, and nls( foot-prints supposed to have been made by the feet of Dr. Strong. If so, it is sur mised that the doctor may have been watching the room for some time from belind the curtains, in which case the probability is that he was watching some otic who had entered surreptitiously’. It is known that the doctor was armed ; but no shot could have been fired, and there is no sign whatever of any struggle. "The friends of the doctor have been thrown into lire greatest distress by his mysterious disappearance. That there has been foul play seems certain, for he went to the Towers avowedly to snend the night in the haunted chamber, and asked for the dog to be brougljt for company and protec tion. It is impossible that he can have lef:< the place willingly’, or by ordinary means, for the door’s of the room were found locked on the inside, and a door had to bo forced before an entrance could be effected. ‘The whole affair is enshrouded in the deepest sympathy’, and some extraordinary theories are current among strange be lievers in the supernatural, for it is asked how was it that no shot was fired by the doctor in self-defence ; and, also, how it was that the dog seems to have lent him no assistance? Had there been a struggle, the dog would certainly have assisted, and the room must have shown some sign of U but the place was found in perfect order ; the bed had not been slept in, and not a single article of. the doctors was found m I lie room. "There must of course be a solution, but th 3 difficulty is to know in what quarter to look. for it. Wo have made but very little eon.incut in the matter of Mr. Dorset's dis appearance, because we have been anxious not to hamper the detectives who have the .matter in hand. But there should now he the utmost effort made U* probe the mystery, end find out whether these men haw* been murdered, or by what means they have been removed. Any explanation suggeded in regard to Mr. Dorset’s dis appearance, will scarcely apply to Dr. Bliong, for until the hist few weeks ho has been a perfect strantrer to all those who a v interested in the Towers property. The safety of the individual in the Australian colonies has been one of our proudest boasts, and we cannot see our public men spirited away in ’his fashion withoir urging the police authorities (o use every endeavor to at once clear up the mys tery. and remove any feeling of appre hension and insecurity from the public mind.” (To Bo Continued.) 