Original Poetry. CRONJE. The die is cast, my cornets! Our fighting day is done ; The British host, like hornets, In spite of sand and sun, Are rushing on to battle When'e'er the storm-clouds lift, Wliile our dumb-driven cattle Are dying in the drift ! List to the rolling thunder Of lyddite, shot and Bhell ! Great God ! we're fighting under The very jaws of Hell. Burghers I shoot low and steady, Send ev'ry bullet home — See yonder mountain eddy Lash'd to a crimson foam ! . Think how we turn'd and slew them On far Majuba side, How patriots broke through them, i When Colley fell and died. 1 Think how we beat the Briton, Prom yonder stormy sea, Till words of peace were written, The Boer land was free. Sons of the ' great trek' heroes, Surrender ! Never ! No ! . We'll fight the British Neros Till death shall lay us low ! There is a God whoseoth In Heaven far away, To Him the Christian fleeth, Bow down-, my men, and pray ! Hark ! Yonder pipes are calling The ghosts of slaughter'*! meD, . While shatter'd rocks are falling Along the river glen. I see the Black Watch forming, With Highland dress and pride ; Few left from that wild storming On Mag'ersfontein side. For this commandos waited Full twenty years and more, And mark'd the men we hated By veldt and ocean shore ! For this the.Africander Hath nurs'd his holy rage, To blot the vile Uitlander From hiat'ry's living page. We call on God to show them The justice of our cause, While shell and bullet mow them Fi|[»m Kruger's iron jaws ! Tho' ydirider hosts are inching Like tigers, strong and bold ; Stand to your lines, unflinching, As Israel of old ! » Night falls upon the Modder, On Afriq'e stony plain, Where cattle, lacking fodder, Are lowing in their pain. Soft, summer winds are sighing, -v As with 'a wailing tone, *v While ghastly dead and dying Pass to a world unknown. Soon from the vault of heaven | Stars flicker one b}r one, Our last fond hope is riven When gloomy night is done. Send up another rocket, Perhaps De Wit is nigh ; No Britislvhand shall block it, . Tho' bufgherscannot fly ! Vain is our hope, my brothers, Either to fight or flee ; Proud triumph comes for others, But not for you and me ! This dark, dark tale of sorrow, I'd rather die than'tell — „ 3 But hopeless. dawns the morrow, My native land, farewell ! Hawkeye. The gold yield of Queensland for February was 74,947oz., an increase of. 10,464oz. f- His proposed to erect new post and tele graph offices in Brisbane at a cost of ^ £150,000. 