ABOHBISHOP REDWOOD'S SBBMON. (To tho Editor of tho ' Bathunt Free Press.') ' Sir, — I am a Protestant, but hope I may not bo a* bigoted ono, though in tho faco of tho deceits and grave errors o£ Roman Catholicism it would scorn almost excusable to bo so ; but for all, perhaps the Protestant warmth and energy aroused by Arch bishop Redwood's sermon might be put to better account than In being spent in either angry or grieved disclaimer and denial. If our Roman Catholic critic sees or thinks he sees, or persuades himself that he sees, such flaws in the result of our profession of faith, would-it not be as well for us to turn a oloser sorutiny upon our selves and our public systems, with a viow to cor recting our mistakes if found ?? , A very quick glance will reveal many things that could be improved and raised to a higher stan dard ; and possibly would have been altered before, were it not for our deference to the foolings of Romanists. Wo are; afraid tdshow any roligion in our publio management for fear they will not agree, and as they never Will agree, our publio life is practically heathen. As a nation (publicly is meant) we live without Ood. Look at our prayer less, our worse that heathenish, mode of conducting our Legislature ; for heathen of old did at least : invoke thoir gods, such as they were. God grant ! that in our Federal Parliament wo may have the ' session opened daily with prayer I ' | Australia is a Protestant country, and Australians, I now federate, are a Protestant nation. Our national neglect of acknowledging and honoring our God is to be laid to the charge of Protestantism. It is for ' Protestants to rule their countries as they will, and i for Roman Oatholio countries to have affairs as they will, bnt by our constant trying to mould our national life to suit the views of Roman Catholics ! wo do neither them nor ourselves any good, and only gain, not their thanks, but scorn and reproaches, as Archbishop Redwood has been kind and plain enough ' to show us. Let us be grateful this time; When ' Archbishop Vaughan years ngo raised tho hue and cry against our godless public school system, we should have thanked him, and there and thenhnd the Bible and prayers introduced into our schools. Tho word Godless is used advisedly, for ..the mere fact of scripture lessons being given in a school does not make it a Christian institution. Every person being well educated is supposed to be taught some- I thing of Buddha and Mahomet, but it docs not I follow that the religions they founded are honoured. Our public schools are Godless, and that fact must entail spiritual and moral loss to our , country. There is no approach to a suggestion of honouring' and acknowledging God in their ordinary I daily routine. We Protestants of a Protestant land should be ashamed of this ; but instead we arc ashnmed to show our Bibles. And then let us think of our Sabbath desecration. Axo we not justly reproved for our irroligion ? Who does not know of parents, teachers, rulers — respon- sible persons oh whom devolves the privilege of showing high and holy example — spending the Sunday in occupations, entertainments, and amuso ments, which for tho sacred day are silly and un worthy in tho extreme 1 In another small matter (if anything can be called small, when everything concerning humanity is ' great heavenward) what a mass of potty dishonor j collects round our system of issuing railway tickets, .! with by-laws as if framed to trap into illegal action tho meanness of the rioh, and the poverty of the poor. I£ the prevarication, evasion and trickery' used in tho shuffling of return railway tickets could be materialised, it would- bo enough to sink the British fleet. Why cannot a railway ticket repre sent a certain value, and be tho property of tho buyer to do openly and honestly as he pleases with Truly, in reply to Archbishop Redwood, we have as much occasion for mourning as for anger. Can wonot Protestant), Roman Catholics and all fede- [ rate a great heart cry that wo may have Spiritual leading from on. high, that Qur God may bo owned nnd honored nationally as well as privately, that we may be a people serving Him ? - We can all at least join in sorrow for our Bins/ and in this (ono of the oldest of.nll Christian prayors known) prayer for tho gift of tho Holy Spirit. .?: ??^-^ ? ? Come Holy Ghost our souls inspire, ' And lighten with celestial fire. . Anoint and cheer! our soiled faco . : ' With the abundance of Thy grace. Keep far our foes, give peace iit home, WheroThouartguido.no ill can come. , ? I dm, yours, ^'v -. ?' 'LET US PRESS FORWARD.' 