©LACKERY. But still Us tongue, ran on, And witb its svsrlastlngoUok ' ?Set all men's ftpxs upon tbejnak.' HCDIBI1M. HaboJiD Asbton, the popular theatri cal ngent, has taken a lonft lease of the Brisbane Opera House. Harold has a host of good frieudB in Hobart who will wish him good luck, and drink a toast, ' Long may be wave.' Hon. J. Lyhb, Premier of New South Palos, was summoned to Launooston a, few days ago to see his aged father, who iB just tottering on the brink of the grave. Mr. John Lyne, who has long outstepped the allotted Bpan, is one of Tasmania's oldest colonists, and has done the state some service. He was a man of wonderful vitality, and had it not been for a serious carriage accident two or three years ago, he would have put in a good claim for a centenarian. The Tasmatnan dunderheads that have decided to jubilate in a large and special manner when peace is declared have this paper's pity, since they must get badly left. For there will be no peace in the Transvaal for a long time to como, and no declaration of peace at all. Now that the two republics are an nexed, England merely regards her sturdy enemies as rebels. When a first rate power has succeeded in squashing a rebellion she does not declare peace with the rebels. That, from the British diplo matic point of view, is just the position row. The barque Invercauld reached Mel bourne recently. She had been 23 days without water, and her skipper and crow (who had been knocking along somehow on beer and stout) were clamorous for that generally-despised beverage. This is curious. The Bailor who would tire of booze ashore in 83 days is unimaginable; but these ohaps aboard W6re absolutely pining for water wben their ship reached Melbourne. Human natures queer. Quite probably, if nlcoholic liquoie were to be had for nothing everywhere, the riotous youth of this world would inge niously set to work to have a fearful bust on milk-and-water. The Daily Danes is the only paper in Australia that continues to slander the Doers as unclean savages and worthless settlers ; but then the Hobart daily was always a slug at learning anything-. Meanwhile, Queensland is in the field, wanting Boers to take up land in that colony, where only a couple weeks back a pro-Boer was in danger of being brutally ticked to death by the loyal free born Britisher ;*also Colorado (U.«.A), is mak ing a bid for the defeated colonists, and one land company offers 1,000,000 acres in tho Platte Valley to the Boers, with free transportation from the Transvaal ; and not to be beaten in a bid, the gover lor of Arkansas says 6,000,000 acres of Arkansas land is open to the Boers. The N.S.W. Government is inciting te incompetent police force and scared jivilians to shoot the Broelong murderers m first sight ; and any shootist being ' potted ' by the Governors may serenely five up the ghost, as the Government las promised to pay adequate compensa tion to his relict. So far, not too bad ; jut as one nigger is to the casual observer is like the other as block diamonds from Newcastle, and as the casual observer ifter personal distinction and blood nonoy isn't likely to be too particular ibout shooting the wrong nigger on sight ; and further, as he oan't wait for the true Governors to hand him their sards— which would most likely take the form of a 'pot shot,' — there is ioiue danger of the unhappy remnant of ;Uo Australian aboriginals in the dis turbed districts being murdered in a wholesale way in cold blood by the mer cenaries. The extreme likelihood of such a. scandal following the outlawry of the Governors appears to have awakened the otherwise leaden intelligence of the autho rities, and as a preventive, the blacks are being illegally arrested and lodged in Mudgee gaol, on the principle, ' of two evils, choose the least. The tug-ofwir contest at Tatt'e sport on the Upper Cricket Ground to day will not, by any mains, be the least exciting event on the programme Durine the week the teams from tbe Post Office have been 'putting in great work at practice. Martin Flynn was n warm supporter of the postal team, but left them in disgust, and entered a team of his own, when he found that the postal crowd couldn't shift A few diminu tive telegraph messengers who essayed to give them a pull. And this is how it happened. It was night time, and the postal men oame along with a i ope. A few of them took on half-a-dozen mes sengers, but the nippers couldn't be moved. Gradually the whole postal team got to work, and still the kide held out. ' Well,' sez Martin, ' if you fellows can't account for a handful of kids, I'll throw you over, and get a team of my own.' But Martin and the postal men didn't know that the kiddies had the end of their rope half-hitched round a post of Bob Tapsell's iron fence I After tho opera was over on Tuesday night, theatregoers, whoso way homo took thorn up Liverpool-street, were treated to a few unrehearsed incidents of .cal life. Tho poUoe go-cart, with n Robert in tho shafts, was en route to pick up a dead body in a by-lane. Higher up the street a bully was quarrelling with his 'cliner, wjio liaft retusea w give up the key of her house to her lord and master ; and at the same time tho Liver pool-street push were seen to rush out of a notorious hotel pouring forth crimson English and threatening to punch each other's blanky heads. Altogether it would appear as if Hobart under tho jurisdiction of Commissioner Eichardsoa was not wholly law-abiding; but the writer would specially protest against the use of a go-cart as a hearse. Tho vehicle is as clumsy as a Corporation tip-cart, and it is about timo ttie (Jovera ment provided the pol;co with a uioiu up-to-dato machine, sui.ablo either for ambulance or police duty, ? i .in. mi t h HH)'I'TTI|~TI X oeand complimentary oonoprt has been arranged to Mr. F. Sidney Balfe, who will be assisted by MisBMay Cronljr, of Melbourne, the leading amateurs of Hpbart, and tho Filibuster Band. A good programme has been arranged, Foa some months past the designs for the new G.P.O., to bo erected in Hobart, have caused considerable trouble, and oven more than the ordinary muddle down at the Lands s also, it has been an open secret that wire-pullers were at work trying to direct the honours their way. Under the circumstances Minister Mulcahy did well in sending the busi ness to Melbourne for the verdict of effi cient judges free from local bias. On Friday the awards were declared, and Mr Alan C. Walker, A.E.I.B.A., is to be congratulated on having'seoured first and third placeB) the Government de sign was second, and Mr Searell's fourth. Mr Walker's honours carry the first and! second premiums, £60 and £30. The first serious accident I that has ever occurred at .the Launoeston Gas works was reported by the manager on Tuesday last, when it was announced that owing to an unavoidable mishap no gas would be supplied that night. For tunately, the electric light (which gets a bit dotty itself sometimes) is now so uni versally adopted that not rauoh incon venience was felt by the public, only those who still use the gas found things a bit awkward. At the Examineb the. tick of the linos was stilled, and every body, from the manager downwards, who could use a ' stiok,' peeled off and went to the ' case,' and everybody had the Ex. at tbe breakfast table as usual next morning. At the Academy of Musio Harry -3ogh-U had to ring down the cur tain, and ' The Stranger in New York ' was not at home for that night. By latest advices, over 23.0C3 Victorian women have put their names to a peti tion begging the Legislative Council to chuck out the woman's suffrage propo sals. Which fact lias not an ouuee of weight as argument against womansuff rage. First of all, the busy little women who sign petitions of this kind are not tho women of the workers, who will be chiefly benefited by this great reform proposal ; but tho spoiled creatures of suobocratio socioty — tlie neurotic dolls with no political aspirations and no thoughts beyond tho satisfaction of their senses. Secondly, woman never yet sat isfactorily championed woman's cause. Such liberty as women now enjoy they owe to the nion. Once let a woman con trol tho destinies of her sex, and hor sex is sure to suffer. Let a woman get into aprofessson among men, and that woman becomes a sweater in nine cases out of ten. When women become typewriters, they cut prices till typewriting becomes a very poor business ; aad that is only one of many instances. The chief hope for womanhood to-day lies in the fact that broad-minded me a the world over are awakening to a sense of political needs. Women have to be helped in spite of themselves, in face of their general stu picity. These are unpleasant truths ; but tho Cli? fee never yet hesitated to tell an unpleasant truth. Harold Hawson, of Hobart, lately a trooper in Thorneycroft's Mounted In fantiy, got back from South Africa on Monday night, and was met at the sta tion by a largo moist crowd and (as special representatives of Hobait) Jack Hamilton and George Hiddlestonc. A littlo later, Hawson was ' received ' by a great crowd in tho Town Ha'l. Tho organ boomed and a band scroecbod, and George Hiddlestono aforesaid tied him self into knots of remarkable eloquence, and Harold Hawson mado a neat response, and the crowd sang and cheered itself to the proper stage of extreme hoarseness, — a great time ! Also, about 213 dear girls felt (and occasionally expressed) a wild desire to proceed to hug said Harold Hawson; but as said Harold did not throw the handkerchief, nothing serious happened. But just now The Clipper turns to seriousness with a sudden jerk. Harold Hawson has seen hard fighting — he has been left long hours sorely (rounded on a bloody field — lie lias adver tised, as so many of our bravo fel lows are advertising tho grit aud stamina of the Australian bom. In giv ing him a right hearty welcome homo, Hobart, since tho air is si ill somewhat surciiTTged with jingoism, did a most e cusable thing, and Hawson bore his sudden prominence modestly and well. Mbs. Benson's own particular orowd of amateurs, stage-managed by Mr. E. M. Hudspeth, and more or less assisted by Mr. Sidney Ealfe (a professions! from the mainlard, Taamanian- born), played ' The Sorcorer ' twice this week at the Theatre Royal. The shows were extremely good, and on both nights every part of the Royal waa early filled, and the ticket offices were olosed and the treasurer enjoyed a cheerful pipe. The lyric 'stars' were Mr. Balfe (Captain Alexis) and Mrs. Benson, while Miss Maodonald, as Aline, looked pretty in a handsome bridal costume, and sang her numbers tastefully. Mr. Ea'fe was in good voice,; while Mrs. Benson, as Lady Sangazure, scored a distinct success. The other ladies, including the chorus, were chic and sweet, and a legion of men felt sorry they were already married, while cnother crowd wanted to rush round to the florists and order bouquets — on credit, of course. Only a bilious critic dare find fault, and anyhow this impres sionable eoribe will not do bo. Delicious woman is sometimes most attractive when her art is amateurish. And as for those lucky males who were, under grace of ' The Sorcerer,' privileged to phil ander with the above-mentioned Bweets, Mr. Whiltington (Dr. Daly) and Mr. F. M. Hudspeth (John Wellington Wells) proved their ability as amateurs possessed of talent, improved by pains taking study. The orchestra did just ioe to Sullivan's musio, and Mies Elsie Morrsby did admirable work at the piano. If yon want a cheap piano go to Btitv; mead Show Booms,* 