Our Grafton Letter. Mn. T. HADFrnLD ? On Thursday ovoning, at tho Graftou butter factory, Mr. T. Hadfiold was ontor tuinod at a spread and presented with a case of out lory ou tho occasion of his marriage. Tho Mayor of Grafton (Mr. S. See) presided and about GO gontlo mon attended. Tho health of tho guest and other toasts woro honored. Tho affair was organised prin cipally iu recognition of Mr. Hadflold's sorviccs in connection with the Farmers' Union. Presentation to Mn. Loddan. — On Saturday last nvnv 1 fin fnnplinrs frnm nil rvnrfa nf ?flirt rlis+l'lnf nq. sombled at tho Grafton S.P.S. to prcsont Mr. Lobban with a memonto of his connection with them and the district. Three teachers canto from the Bollingoiy having travolled nearly all Friday uight to be pres 3nt. After the group had boon photographed, the function commenced. Mr. Reay, of tho Grafton S. P. S., occupied the chair and in a few very gracefully worded sentences handed to Mr. Lobban tho draft of the teachers' address, together with a handsome gold watch and chain. Tho address will bo beauti fully illuminated and framed and thou forwarded to tho recipient. Tho watch is ono of tho finest that could bo procured. It is a very heavy, keyless, 18 ct. gold English lever hunting time-piece, rondo by Nicole, Noilson and Co., of London. Tho cases aro quite plain savo for tho recipient's monogram on tho front. On tho iusido caso thero is a suitablo in scription. Tho watch and chain cost exactly £G2. Somo excellent speeches woro dolivered by teachers, perhaps the best boiug by Mr. Gall, who spoko on behalf of tho Lower Clarence. Mr, Alban McLach Ian spoko on buhalf of tho Lower Bellinger and Nambucca ; Mr. G. Henderson on bohitlf of Bollin gen ; Mr. R. Henderson, tho Middle Clarence ; Mr. D. Bowliug, tho Upper C'larenco and Mr. J. Griffin, Gruftou. Several of tho speakors were deeply affeuteo. during their speeches, in fact, as it was remarked by ;v gentleman present, at no public gathering on the North Coast had such a genuine display ever been exhibited before. Mr. Jjobban himself was deeply moved by tho remarks and the display of feeling on tho part of tho teachers and it was with difficulty that ho was able to acknowledge tho handsome gift he had just received, Tho Dis trict Inspector paid a high tribute of praiso to tho universal loyalty of those who labored under him in these districts Ho had had under him ono of tho finest bodies of mon and women whom he could wish to meet and a body whoso iniluonce must make f or tho good of tho peoplo. Addresses woro also doliv ered by Messrs. S. Seo, T. Page, J. A. Creagh, Dr. Cameron, A. Lipman and A. Lobban. DEATH. — On Friday last a woman named Mrs. H. J. Baker died in the Grafton Hospital from the effects of burns received on the previous day. De- ceased resided with her husband on the Orara and on Thursday was attending to a fire when the sleeve of her dress caught alight and within a few seconds her clothing was a mass of flames. The unfortunate woman was terribly burned, and there was no hope of saving her life from the first. Peesoxal. — Mr. E. T. Blaxland left on Sunday for a month's visit to the southern rivers. Ho will spend most of his time on tho Hastings. Mr. G. Crommelin of Ballina is relieving him. ? On Sat urday Mr. C. Sanders, son., was elected one of the auditors for the Grafton Borough Council. Regatta.— On Saturday last the G.R.C. hold its first regatta this year. The Woolwich followed the various events and carried a tair complement of en thusiasts. Following aro the results : — Clinker Fours— No 1 (Wickham, Boadle, Spring1, McGrath) rowed in alone. No 2 (Keif, Davis, Strauss, Rus sell) led lit first but when overhauled Russell 'gave up the ghost,' tho boat capsized and the crow were left floundering iu the woter,much to the amusement of tho people aud tho discomfiture of the rowers. The Water Brigade Handicap brought out four crews— No 2 (M. Wicks, E. Wicks, W. Zietsch and G. Tombs) scr., beating South Grafton (30 sees) by 2^ lengths after a magnificent contest, the others not in it. The Single Sculls Handicap was won easily by 6am See 1, W. Roberts 2, Wickham 3. The Dean Scratch Fours, did not eventuate. Two crews went to tbo post, but within 5 seconds after receiving the word to go P. Roberts broke his oar and tho raco ab ruptly came to au end. The Double Sculls race was won by S. See and R. Logan scr., W. Roberts and W. McGuron 7sees, 2nd, J. See and K. Andrews losecs, 3rd. Mr. Vindin, who has been acting C.P.S. at Graf ton since August., has boon removed aud loft by the City of Grafton on Saturday, The position will be temporarily fillod by Mr. L. A. McDougall, C.P.S. at Tenterfield 