OTIYEHSITY SHAKE * SPEARE SOCIETY. • PRESENTATION TO MIL WYBERT REEVE. A meeting of the University Shakespeare : Society, was field in the Library on Thurs day evening, the Eight Hon. Sir Samuel Way, Dart.,- patron of the society, pre siding. There were present his Excellency the Governor and Lady Tennyson, who were accompanied by Dri Peunefather arid Miss Dussau, also Lady Way, and a large; attendance of members. ' Sir Samuel Way said lie had much plea-J sure, on behalf of the society, in welcoming ', his Excellency the Governor. They wel comed him not only as her Majesty's re presentative, but also as the son of the j great poet of the nineteenth century. (Ap; plause.) They had some regrets that even ing. it was the last time the society would have the opportunity of meeting in | that hall, but he was glad to inform the. members that they would be able to obtain.) very ample and equally good' aeeommoda-1 tion in the new Conservatorium building, j They were very glad that his Excellency, i was attended by Dr. Pennefather, who for. many years was a distinguished professor of this University, and liad always been j a; strong supporter of the Shakespeare So ciety. All its members had very grateful I memories of the good services he had ren- j dered as vice-president. (Applause.J They had also to say farewell to Mr. Wybert Eeeve, who had long been a vice-president of the society, and who was, he believed, I almost its only honorary member. He had I not to say good-bye to Mr. Eeeve ill his j character of a distinguished actor, a dra matic writer, or the manager of the Theatre Koyal, where lie had provided high-class dramatic entertainment for the citizens of Adelaide during the past ten or ' a dozen years, or in the character of a pa triotic citizen, or a practical philanthropist, but merely.m that of a firm supporter and valued friend of the University Shake speare Society. It was indeed fortunate to have had the services of Mr. Wybert Eeeve, who was a man of high culture, and who had devoted a lifelong study to the works of Shakespeare and to their his trionic production. It would take too long to detail the services which he had rendered to the society; He had been ready at all times to serve it in every capacity, in the laborious and somewhat dry duties of chairman at their business I meetings, or in giving valued and ex-1 perieneed advice on every occasion of dif ficulty. They had to thank liirn also for great privileges at the Theatre Eoyal. After all, he thought Mr. Kbeve's greatest services had 'been hTs lectures and criti cisms on the works of Shakespeare. He trusted that after a pleasant sojourn m j England, Mr. and Mrs. Eeeve would re turn to spend the evening of life in a land enjoying a more genial climate, and where they were so highly appreciated. (Ap plause.) Mr. E. H. Lock (lion, secretary) read the following address:—'"Adelaide University j Shakespeare Society. Adelaide, September 6, 1900. To'Wvbert Eeeve, Esq., vice-pre sident. Dear sir—The members of this so- ; eiety, having learned with regret of your j intention to leave South Australia, wish herein to express their appreciation of your valued and generous services as a vice-pre- ! sident of the society since its foundation: j They beg of you to accept this address as a token of their esteem and gratitude, and trust that you and Mrs. Eeeve may long enjoy the renewal of old ;associatio.Vi in England. They also hope that your life- j membership of the society will serve to re mind you of the occasions when we have had the pleasure of meeting together to enjoy your scholarly lectures and presiden tial remarks." The address was written and illuminated by Mr. W. .J. Ponder. Mr. Wybert Eeeve said he felt deeply honored and flattered by t'he remarks made by his honor in presenting the address. He had known Wybert Eeeve for a great many years without discovering all those good i qualities wftidh had just been mentioned, but their enumeration would certainly be an incentive to 'him in the future to merit such praise. His honor had referred to him as a professional actor. Well, be had loved that profession ever.since the days when he was supixjsed'"to be a distinguish d. ama teur. He then entered the profession and became an extinguished actor. (Laughter.) He 'had looked forward to commencing;with Hamlet, or Norval, or Othello, but be found he was cast in "Hamlet" for the Ghost, I Laertes, and the First Actor; or iii "Mac beth" for Eoss, ■' Banquo, and the First Murderer. (Laughter.) He must say that he aceompTidhed t'h'at murder most success fully off t'he stage, but on the stage he sometimes found 'lie was murdering Shake speare, which was a much more serious matter. (Laughter.) With regard to his managerial career, lie bad endeavored to maintain a 'high Standard at the Theatre Eoyal, hut he miist call their attention to | one fact. As Garrick 'had said, "Those who please to live must live to please." It was Utterly impossible in a 'theatre, more espe cially" like the one here, where a high-class piece could only at the outside run for a week, to be continually, maintaining the high standard necessary for a proper culti vation of the drama. Three or four "months a year was absolutely the'greatest space of time that could ' be ' filled " by high-class I drama; the rest of the time.must be occu pied by inferior .productions, and lie must tell them this, that until the press and the people of Adelaide recognised this fact, and would support a'manager in these inferior productions, the theatre must be closed for a portion of the year, or he defied anyone to make it pay. He was very grateful for the kind remarks made in the address, and to learn that his endeavors had been ap preciated by the members of the society, ft would remind him of the many friends he -left behind him, ami he had no doubt that they would still continue to hold com munion with the greatest poet the world has known, and who has taught us the great moral lesson that there are "sermons in stones, books in the running brooks, and good in everything." (Applause.) The following dramatic and musical pro gramme " was successfully interpreted:— Song, "There's a land" (Allitsen), Mr. Os car Taeuber; duet, "The moon has raised her lamp above" (Benedict), Messrs. Wan borough -Fisher and Oscar Taeuber; song," "Abide with me" (Liddle), Miss Jessie Gal braith; song, "'Through Sunny (J'pain," Miss L. Davis—Banishment scene—"As You Like It"—Act I., scene 3—Bosalind, Miss Has lam; Celia, Miss Clara White; Duke Ferdi nand, Mr. E. H. Lock. Song, "Ave Maria" (Clutsam), Mr. Wanborough Fisher; can-1 zonetta, "Mia Piccirella" (Gomes), Miss. Lilian Davis. The Bond Scene—"Merchant ' of Venice"—Act I. scene 3—Shyloclc, Mr. J. FT. Lyons; Bassanio, Mr. K. H. Lock; Antonio, Mr. H. Gil. Williams. Violoncello solo, "Nocturne" (Burgmuller), Mr. Laurie Barnes; duet, "The flight of the swallow" (Kucken), Misses Lilian Davis and Jessie Galbraith. Scene from "Much Ado About Nothing"—Dogberry, Mr. Wybert Eeeve. I Mrs. Hayes Norman and Miss Lilian Davis | acted as accompanists. 