GHOSTS OF HAMPTON COURT.' . CATHERINE HOWARD. The London "Evening News" thus tells the story of the frail wife of Henry VIII., who died at the block in punishment for in- , lidell ty to her royal spouse, three and a hal£ centuries a£,o, but whoso ghost Is said yet to haunt the scenes of her heyday and uer tall. It was in the warm glow of a spring atternoon in the present year waen the ver- sera and policemen lazily yawming about me qu.iui'aub'ics or the grave old palace at Hampton Court, au^d walting for tue' stroke ot tue six boas to sound tueir release tor the day, were aroused into a sudden and unprecedented warteiulness by a «harp ond startled cry echoing from ¡the great State looms above. In the next moment a white-faced gentle- man, with tumbled hair and frightened eyes, cwue stumbling aown the broad stone siops of the stall case built by William III. as an entrance to the iyolsey banqueting hall. *" It's of no use," he gasped, as he reached the last stair, and stood at the entrance ' to the courtyard ; " I can't stand it another moment. tíverywhere I move among the tapestry in tho ¡banqueting- hall I see a hand-little, light, slender, with rings on each tapering linger- clutching at the dra- pery. " I am not imaginative, and yet, as I moved about the tapestry ia the banquet- ing-hall just now I'll swear I saw the hand of a woman moving slyly about ¿mong the draperies-quickly, eagerly, stealthily, as if seeking for something that was hidden. " At first I thought that my sight or my senses or the blur of colouring had'deceived me, and I crossed to the opposite side of the hall. And there again was the hand with no arru to It, moving busily among the draperies again. I don't know what it all means, but I do know that I'll go in . there no more to-day." The speaker was a Mr. Hain, an artist, who had been engaged for a week or so in studying the superb specimens of Flemish tapestry covering almost every linch of the walls of the banqueting hall, and enduring through the centuries from the days of Wolsey until to-day. But the ancient grand dames, relicts of an ase that is gone, droning away the last of their dim old days ia the shades of the ancient court-yards or the warmth of the sun as it falls upon the ancient dial beneath the Clock Tower, looked troubled and sad- dened as they hear the story running from lip to lip of the frightened servants until It reaches their ears. For to 'them the story of the spectral hand is filled with grim and shadowy significance, and they, ask themselves of the mysteries that divide this world from/ the world beyond the grave. Back over the generations o£ men memory, travels to a certain summer dayl 350 years ago,-" and a little jewelled hand beating wildly at the tapestry in search of the secret panel that should lead her to the presence of the king with the swinish «yes, whose displeasure meant inevitable death to man or woman. <i *nte was Kind to Catherine Howard-1 vain, frivolous, and guilty-when it led hei. trembling fingers tb the panel hidden in an angle of the hall, and almost lost under the tapestry. Fate was not kind to her «hen it led the guards whence she had escaped along every step of the way that she had taken through the little gal- lery that lay between the hall and the Chapel Royal, right to tie door of thai pew wherein the King sat at his devotions -God save the mark-and there they caught her ; once she broke away from them, and again they caught her-shrieking, biting, clawing their faces with her nails with the fury of a wild cat, fighting like a tigress for the right to fall at the feet of the bloated moss of flesh in the royal chair, and plead for her life. And they dragged her. amid her screams, back through the gal- lery and the hall up to the angular stone closet near the turret, there to remain until she was led away to Tower Green to die. History tells that the King never moved -never even turned his head-but with these awful shrieks ringing In his ears con- tinued to pray. And through the centuries that saw gen- erations come and generations fall the slim, slight, wispy little figure of the frail daugh- ter of the Arundels, with the limpid blue eyes; and loose, full lips, Das hovered over the spot which saw the discovery of her adultery, and her last desperate fight with Death. Sometimes she may be seen pacing with head bent along the terrace in front of the window, at which sha waited for sol many weary months until the black barge came to take her up the river to the Tower. And again ia the fading light she is seen dodging, flittering, creeping, like a hunted hare through the little gallery until she reaches the door of the royal pew, whoa she vanishes, and then a cry like none that has ever come from human lips echoes again and again through the silence, and then all Is silent. The legend of her presence has been handed down from ago to age, from father to son, and mother to daughter. Those whose bones' have long mouldered into the dust of the grave bore testimony to her presence in their death- bed. Those who live in these times in the shades of the historic house tell of the appearance In whispers, for the scepticism -scoff of tho unbeliever-frightens them. Into silence. - It is sometimes told how grim, sol!6?? matter-of-fact old William of Orango, strolling in meditative mood, through the little hall-known in these times as the Haunted Gallery-one summer's night met her as with hands outstretched abe came Into the moonlight ; put out his hand to grasp her and found-nothing. And to tha hour of his death the best and wisest of kings maintained a close reserve on tha subject. "»* ""* 