HETECTSVE SKETCHES. -BY SANDY SHARP THE FAMOUS GLASGOW EX-DETECTIVE. COLIN GORDON'S CHRISTMAS FIND. At the time tho events took place wliicli I am about) to relate Mrs. Sharp occasionally employed a respectuble woman, named Gor don.as a seamstress. Mrs. Gordon wus the wife— probably the widow— of a carpenter, who twelve months previously had emigra ted to Queensland. Gordon was a first-rate -tradesman, and might have done well in Glasgow if ho could have controlledhis temper. He had left once, placo after another because he could not get on with tho master or tho foreman, and at last he Euddonly determined to try his luck in Australia. .Ho had never been a drunkard, and having only one child the Gordons had saved a little money— enough, ho thought), to laic his wife and child until ho could send some, n.ore. And if he liked the new country, and saw a fair prospect of getting on, they wore to join him in a year. But from the time the vessel reached the Cape, nothing was known of tho fate of Colin Gor don. The steamer hai to take in coal at the Cape, and as there would bu a full day's delay, several of tho passengers went aehoro, amongst the number being Gordon. Mo one saw him leave the ship, but he could not be found when she failed again. Not ? until the time had long passed in which the anxiously-looked for letter should have arrived did Mrs. Gordon make any inquiries, and the shock of his mys. terious disappearance made her ill. When Bhe recovered, her little stock of money was nearly exhausted, and she had to turn seamstress, and sometimes laundress to maintain herself and Colin, named after his father, a boy of eleven. She soon obtained a good reputation as a capital hand at making underlinen of the better class, and if her clienLs had paid her regularly the mother and son mu?ht have lived in com parative comfort, for their wants were few. But far too many of the ladies for whom Mrs. Gordon worked seemed to have no idea that she. was in urgent need of the money, and she was often kept without it for a month or even longer after the work had* been finished. It was the eve of Christmas, and re mumbering that Mrs. Gordon had lived for a couple of years in England ere she marricd'Gordon, my wife asked me if I had any objection to her goint; over to the Gordons to see how they would fare next day. : 'I don't fancy she has had much work lately, Sandy,' said Mrs. Sharp. ' Go by all moans, Mary ; and if things are as you fancy, ask her to come and spend the day with us to-morrow. We are not having any other visitors, you know,' I replied. ' Thank you, Sandy : that is just what I wanted to ask you, but didn't know whether you would care to have the poor things on Christmas Day.' Mrs. Sharp was away much longer than I expected, more than an hour, though the Gordons only lived about 300 yards away. When she did return, I saw at once that she I was excited about something. ' It's a shamo and a sin for a woman like Mrs. ; Milne, the butcher's wife, to treat a poor woman like Mrs. Gordon in such a fashion. Sandy, could you noli do some thing to force tho woman to pay ? She owes Mi's. Gordon 12s. for making underlines for herself and Milne, and to-night, when Mrs. Gordon took the last of the shirts, Mrs. Milne said she was too busy to bother with paying money then, and that Mrs. Gordon must come after tho New Year.' , 'Don't -trouble— I'll got the money.' A word to Milno will do it.' 'It almost set me greeting, Sandy, to hear the laddie ask his mother 'if they \- would have no Christmas dinner this year, such as his mother has always made. But you should have seen their faces brighten up with joy when I asked them to come over and have dinner and tea with us, Sandy'. It did me good to see how they brightened up.' ' Til go and get that money, anyway,' I said. As I had anticipated a hint to Milne him pelf was sufficient. His wife was sternly taken to task for sending Mrs. Gordon away without her lawful earnings, and tho worthy butcher showed that he was made of far different stuff than his wife by asking mo to take a good-sized piece of nice beef to the seamstress as a present from him. He had never in his life before worn Sunday shirts that fitted him bo well, and were 80 bqautifully made. ? 'My mistress is not a bad sort of woman Mr. Sharp, but she is thoughtless, and that leads often to cruelty, as I tell her, in such oases as this.' / . Mrs. Gordon was overjoyed when I took her the money and the beaf, repeating the invitation Mary had- given. In the land of houses in which tho Gor dons occupied a two-roomed house resided nn old woman, in one room, named Mary Andorson. She lived alone, and was generally supposed to be in comfortablo circumstances, for she nover did any kind of work, and livod well as compared witli her neighbours. Soon after Mrs. Gordon and her boy had finished breakfast on Christmas morning their curiosity was aroused by the noise of hurrying feet in the passage, and before Mrs. Gordon coul'l riso from the table the door was unceremoniously opened, and the voice of a neighbour exclaimed — ' Oh, Mrs. Gordon, what an awful busi ness. Mrs; Andorson has hangit herself ? Come and have a look at her.' But Mrs. Gordon . declined, saying she had no curiosity to seo. such a sight. If Bhe bo of service she would go readily. The tragedy naturally created much ex. oitomont among the . numerous tenants of tho land. A rigid searoh of her room and all the drawers failed to discover any money vi ubiiui ^tiuyunjy uj vuiuu. uuu tliu opinion gradually gained ground that robbery, preceded by murder, had been committed. But when tho procurator- fiscal inquired into the affair, there was no evidonco forth coming to corroborate tho new theory. There was no proof that the- deceased woman had any means, aiyl tho position of the body when discovered favoured tho idea that it was a case of suicide. When found by a neighbour who hud suspected that notuethiug was wronu because Mid. Anderson had nob been soon since tho pre vious Tuesday, two days before, the body was lying on tho lloor, tho head resting on a shallow box, a thick cord, like a clothes line, twisted twice round her neck. The doctor first summoned saw nothing in tho situation of the body inconsistent with suicide, and the fiscal seemed dis pOBed to accept I hut opinion. But tho police detective who accompanied I he fiscal, and with whom I had boon specially friondly ero I left tho forco to stort business as private dotoctive, was anything but satisfied with tho fiscal's acceptance of the suicide theory j and .though he made no formal protesb, ho determined to sift tho affair and prove it to bo a case of murder. Our Christmas dinner was rather later than usual, and we wore just finishing when Tom Tosh, my detective friond, called on me to give his views respecting the tragedy, and possibly to elicit mine. I took Tosh into the parlour, and thus he did not meob Mrs. Goidon. Had he done so, I should in all probability never have obtained the material for this story. I listened in silence to his version of tho affair, but in tho absonce of any evidenco that tho deceased woman had any money, or other portable property, I declined to accept his ideas. Tosh seemed a bit huffed at my non acceptance of his theory, and did not stay long. On tho following morning Mrs. Gordon was obliged to send Colin to borrow a clothes line, part of her own having mys teriously disappeared since she last used it. Colin was questioned on the subject, but he declared that he had not meddled with the lino.. It stretched from tho windows of her rooms, which wero on the second storey, and was a double one, worked with a pulley, ingeniously made and put up by Gordon before he emigrated. ' You knew I wouldn't meddle with the lino, mother : where did you leave it when you took it in on Tuesday night?' said Colin. ? ? 'Hanging on that peg in the corner, and I noticed when \ve came home from Milne's on Christmas Eve that the line was on the floor. It is very strange. ' While she was fixing the borrowed line on the pulley, Tosh, the detective, walked up, saying— 'Grand day for drying, Mrs. Gordon. I'm told you have lost a good piece of your clothes-line ? ' ' Yes. and how it went bothers me;' she roplied, wondering who the man was and what ho wanted. ' Don't you think that this is the piece you lost ? ' shewing her a length of rope he had taken from bio pocket. ' I am sure it is. If you notice it, there are four strands in the rope, tho usual number being throe. Where did you get it?' ' . . The detective was on the point of telling her that it was the cord found round the neck of Mrs. Anderson, but tho manner of Mrs. Gordon was so free from anything leading him to suspect that slio hud any connection with the tragedy that he do cided to wait for further evidence of her guilt, if indeed a woman with a counten ance like that of Mrs. Gordon could be guilty of such a horrid murder. _ On the ensuing Monday morning Colin Gordon started employment as errand boy at a provision shop in Argylo-street, and when ho came home in the evening the boy brought with him some bacon and cheese, which he said he had bought with pence given to him during the day by customers whose goods he had taken to their homes. But a few minutes afterwards Mrs. Gordon was startled by tho sudden re appearance of the man who had questioned her about the missing piece of clothes line. ' I have come on a disagreeable errand, Mrs. Gordon. I have a warrant from a magistrate to searoh your house ; your boy is to be arrested for passing a gilded shilling as a sovereign.' 'What? My Colin pass a bad sovereign ? Where could he get such a thing ? I will not believe ho could do it-.' ' I must searoh the house, Mis. Gor don. Come in, Gellatly.' A constable walked in, and bade Colin sit down, while the detective proceeded to search the house. In the bedroom, and beside the shakedown bed on the floor on whioh Colin slept, was a cupboard-like re ceptacle, utilised by the boy as arepotdtory for his toys and other possessions, and in an old boot at the bottom of this cupboard tho detective found between 16s. and 17s. in silver and coppers. ' I am very sorry, Mrs. Gordon, but it is my duty to take you into custody on the charge of murdering Mrs. Anderson. I must caution you that anything you may say will be produced in evidence against you at the Court.' ' Accuse me of murdering the poor old woman ? God knows I am innocent, and I will trust I' im not to allow me to suffer. I defy you to prove that I had aught to do with the crime.' Detective Tosh regarded the circum stantial evidenc* ugainsb her as overwhelm ing, and yeb ho somehow doubted her guilt ; she was go calm and firm. Next morning the. mother and son were brought up at tho Polico-court, having had no communication with each other since their arrest, and as I listened to the evi dence against them I perceived it was strong enough to cause their romittal. It transpired that a niece of Mrs. Ander boh, seeing in the papers an account of her aunt's tragic death came from Ardrossan to Glasgow, and made known to the police cot-tain information which led them to think with Detectivo Tosh that murdor, and not xuicide, was the true nature of tho ciimo which had been committed. Tho niece stated that the aunt had a sum of money in her possession amounting to at loasc £50, and that in a leather purse sho always kept a gild sd shilling with a lion on it, which her husband had. given her in their courting days. Tho police attached great importance to this intimation, and their confidence that it would probably load to the elucidation of- tho mysterious crime was soon justified. A grocer camo to the Police-office to complain that his ap prentice had taken as a sovereign a gilded shilling from a boy, whoae appearanco he described. This description was sufficiently oloso to enable tho police to fix , upon Colin Gordon ; hence tho search , warrant and tho arroats. | When this part of the evidence was ' given Mrs. Gordon turned to her weeping ' eon, and in a calm voice said— 'Speak the truth, laddie. Did you chango that gilded shilling ? ' '?Yes, mother. I picked it up in tho street, near to our house, when we were going to Mr. Sharp's on Christmas morn. iiuj.' Detective Tosh was forcod to admit that ' tho most rigid search and investigation had failed to diacovor that Mrs. Gordon had spent any money since tho death of Mrs. Andereoii beyond the 12s. I had got for her from Mr. Milne the butcher. But tho cortuinty that tho cord found around tho neck of Mrs. Anderson had belonged to tho accused woman so greatly strengthened the suspicions against the mother and son that tho magistrates remitted them to prison for a week for tho production of further evidence. But I fully determined that Tom Tosh should not have things all his own way. I also would seek for further evidence, but such as would, I hoped, exonerate tho Gor dons from all complicity in the murder, if such it was. At the end of tho week of remand no such further evidence oither for or against was forthcoming, and the mother and son wore sent for trial. Hitherto Tosh had kept in the back ground, but when Mrs. Gordon and Colin wero brought before the Sheriff to emit a UbblllllkUlUII i.UOII D 11U1I1O IYUO lUCIl lUVJU^U, XI few minutes afterwards, and beforo they wero removed to jail, Mrs. Gordon asked to see the detective. He consulted the chief, and was instructed to accede to the wish of the accused woman. Accordingly, she was takon to a private room, where the detective was waiting for her. ' You havo expressed a wieh to see me, I understand, Mrs. Gordon, and have you any communication to make ? ' 'Mr. Tosh— Tom- did we never meet before ? ' He started more violently than she had done in the Court, and looking her intently in tho face, the light of recognition changed his stern expression into one of wonder, regret, and then horror. ' Helen Ramsay ? No, no ; it cannot be,' and tho detective sunk into a chair with a groan. 'Yes, Tom, I am Helen, and if I am found guilty of this horrible crime, of which I know no more than you, it will have been you, the old friend of my childhood, tho lover of my girlhood who will ' have murdered me.' ' Helen, fell mo, in the sight of heaven, are you really innocent of the murder ? I will believe you if you say so.' ' Beforo God, Tom, I am entirely inno cent. And if the law findB me guilty I shall go ? before a Judge who cannot err, with confidence that He will acquit me. Do you believe mo, Tom ? ' 'I do, Holen ; God knows I do. But what can 1 do now to prove it ? I must do something or I shall go mad. Oh, Helen, when we parted in Kilbarchan I little thought that our next meeting would be such a melancholy one. Did you know me when I came to your house first ? ' ' No, Tom. Fifteen years have altered you more than me.' ' Are you a widow, Helen T' ' I don't know for certain. My husband sailed for Australia more than a year since, and I have not heard from him. Ho left the steamer at the Cape, and did not return to it beforo it sailed. Sometimes i' think he must be dead, and then I am again hope iul.' ' And I have never married, Helen. I could not care for another woman. Take courage, my dear old sweetheart ; I feel sure God will not allow you to suffer for a crime you did not commit. I have been working against you : now I will move heaven and earth to prove your innocence. Good-bye for the present.' ' Good-bye, Tom : I will trust you.' At first, aB ho told me, he was tempted to give Bome evasive reply to his chief when aeked what the accused woman wanted with him, but sucha course would hinder his renewed investigations, and, to the great astonishment of the detective inspector, he declared his belief in the woman's inno cence of the crime and his determination to bring the real murderer to justice. ' You knew the woman Gordon before this happened, To6h ? ' ' Yes ; she was my first sweetheart, and I have .cherished her memory so much as to keep me a bachelor. Care and grief, helped by want and suffering, I Buspect, have transformed the bonniest lassio in Renfrewshire into what you now see, but to me, think mo a fool if you like for say ing so, she is still the one woman in all the world.' ' Nay, Tom, I have known you long enough to feel certain that you must have good ground for believing her innocent. Has she told you anything 1 ' 'She has assured me before God that she is perfectly innocent, and I am satis fied. Don't ask me to go on with the in quiries in tho case, for I cannot do it. I shall take up her case now. ' Very well, Tosh, I will relieve you. Suppose you take a month's leave and join forces with Sandy Sharp, who is also con vinced of the innocence of Mrs. Gordon and her boy.' ' Thank you, sir, I will do that.' But. the discovery Tom had made seemed to completely unnerve him. He came to me, and begged me to take up the case for him, entreating mo to put forth all my powers to unravel tho mystery ,of the murder. And never did I enter into a case with wa. in ;r zial, or a stronger determination to reach t ho goal at which I aimed. I had my hair cut close, and' procured a dark wig and beard. Then in the attire of a shabby foreigner, and with, a bag of sponges on my arm, I wont and rented the rooms vacated by Mrs. Gordon and her boy. I had decided that the murderer must havo been someone familiar with the premises, with the habits of tho deceasod woman, ami with the movements of tho Gordons. Cautious inquiiies resulted in the certainty that none of the tenants of the numerous houses in the big pile of dwellings had left since the murder, and I began to study them. But for several days my efforts to obtain any clue seemed as though thoy would bo fruitless. I was entering tho common stair at a late hour on a Saturday evening when a woman passed me. ' Norah Morrissey, the rag Borter ? Where can sho be going at such a late i hour? A fine-built young woman, big! enough to — yes, sho Ib': big onough to have ' lifted the body of Mrs. Anderson from tho bed to the corner whore it was found.' : 1 followed her cautiously, a task of some difficulty, for sho seemed to wish to avoid being recognised. At the junction of Now City-road with Western -road- sho stopped, and was presently joined by a soldior, to whom she handed something. ' You'ro a biiclc. Noinh my jowol ! Come down to tho Brooinielaw at two to-morrow, and we'll have a sail to Groenock and back,' eiid the soldier ns I was passing them with a viow to got a good look at him. At th e hour named noxt afternoon I was sauntering along the Broomielaw, and followed the soldier and his sweetheart on board the stoamor. They sat down on a seat on the deck, aud.I joined them, soon, to all appearance, falling asleep. ' Have you sent in the papers for your discharge yet, Patsy ?' asked tho raff sorter. ' Not yet, Norah ; what's the use of doing that till I'm sure of the money to buy myself out with I' replied tho soldior. ' Haven't I told you plain enough that I've got the money ? But you're to marry mo first, and then tho money is yours.' ' Let me see it. I'll not believe you have it till you show it to me.' ' Couldn't trust you, Patsy dear : you might snatch it away from me and then swear it was your own. Oh, no j just take me to church, and then the money will come.' ' I'll seo you hanged first.' What wus there in tho expression of the soldier to have such a startling eflect upon the woman ? ' Holy Mother 1 What is the matter with you, Norah, dear 1 You look as if you had seen a ghost.' ' A touch o' the heartburn, Patsy— that is all.' ' Another . strand of the rope that is to hang that woman ! 'I said to myself. The soldier was evidently huffed, and without a word to the woman, ho left the steamer at Partick. She followed, and to my intense chagrin, thoy thus escaped me for tho time, for I dare not go with them.' Satisfied than I was on the right track, in the morning I went out to Maryhill in my own proper person, and made some in quiries anent the soldier sweethoarb of Norah Morrissey. I was not greatly sur prised to learn that he was a married man, who was making a cat's-puw of Norah for his own Eelfish ends. His wife, I was told, lived in a one-roomed house in Maryhill. When Nj!Fah returned from her work in the evening she found a letter wniting her, which 1 had written, telling her that Patsy Callaghan was a married man, and- that his wife lived at No. 3, second stair, 26, Rowan-street, Maryhill. The letter had no signature, but it was efficacious in produc ing the result I hoped.. Accompanied by Tom Tosh and a constable in plain clothes, I went out to Maryhill, and we awaited the' coming of the Irishwoman. Soon aftar seven wo saw her enter the stair, and a minute afterwards Tosh followed quietly, remaining at the head of the second stair. Presently the excited voice of a woman was heard. ' I don't beliove you have the money ; you have been only trying to make a fool of my Patsy, but he was too sharp for you. And if you have the £20 you stole it off the ould woman, MrB. Anderson, after you had strangled her. 1 would rathor my husl and was in the service for twenty years rather than have him bought out by blood-money, so there.' The effect of thi3 boldly-expressed accusa tion was startling. Norah turned pale, eeled, and would have fallen down the stair but for Tom Tosh, who . had crept up the stair. 'I am a police-officer, and shall take you into custody, Norah Morrissoy, on sus picion of having murdered MaryAnderson.' ' It is God's judgment. I did if,' and strong-minded as the big Irishwoman was, she fainted. But she soon recovered, and a cab being procured, we conveyed our prisoner to the Central, Tom Tosh electrifying his chief by the story he had to toll. A search of Norah's room resulted in the stolen money being found and, wl-at was far more impor tant, a dark blue leatner purse which the niece of the murdered woman had given to her as a New Year's gift. Some of the notes stolen had on tho back the name of the factor who managed the little property Mrs. Anderson possessed, and had been paid to her by him a few weeks before the murder. The evidence against Norah Morrissey was ihus quite sufficient for a remand. In the mean time application for bail was made to the Sheriff on behalf of Mrs. Gor don and her son, and it was granted. Tom Tosh being the bearer to his old sweetheart of the good news. ' Where is the boy ? ' naked Tom when Mrs. Gordon wus brought alone to the visiting room. ' Why have Colin here ? It only adds to his grief every time he is allowed to see' me.' ' You will be at liberty in five minutes, Helen,' suid the ; detective, with a tremor in his voice that told her how keenly he felc the stigma that had been cast upon her. ' Oh. Tom ! Then you have discovered my innocence ? ' ' No. Sandy Sharp has done it nil. It was Noruh Morrissoy committed the murder.' ' I knew there waB such a woman in the land, but I nover spoke to her. Here is Colin.' '? We are going home again, my laddie. And oh, if ever you find anything again in the streets do not hide it from me.' Norah Morrissev was sent for trial and found guilty. Mrs. Gordon and her son wero then formally placed in the dock, the judge instructing the jury to return a verdict of not guilty. Be foro announcing their discharge, the judge gave Colin a eoveio lecture upon his wickedness in haying concealed from his mother the finding of the gilded shilling, But both judge and court were astonished when tho boy said, the tears rolling down his cheeks as he spoke — ' My lord, do you know what it is to be hungry ? Have you ever sat for a whole day in winter without fire or food ? If not you cannot tell what I felt when I thought I had found a sovereign, enough to keep hunger and cold away from us for a week or two. That is all 1 havo to say.' 'How old is that boy ?' asked tho judge. ' I am thirteen, my lord.' 'Then 1 must confess that his little speech, does credit to his head and heart, and I shall bo pleased if his mother will allow me to find an opening for him where his undoubted talents may be cultivated.' Tom Tosh was a, comparatively happy man when he took tea. with the Gordons that afternoon. He was not without hopes that Mrs. Gordon would at last beliove in nor nuuuuiiu a ueuui, ? unu in&rry; nwr ursD lover— himself ; but he wisely refrained from broaohing the eubjcot for the time. Beforo her execution Norah Morrissey made aiull confession of her guilt, and she met her doom with a firmness seldom shown by a woman. When another year had elapsed, bring ing no tidings of her husband, Mrs. Gordon became Mrs. Tosh, and my wife and the happy biido soon became fast friends. j 