Short Story. Escorting the Colonel's Wife. One clay a mail rider arrived at the frontier fort with such news that a ser geant and six mqn and an ambulance were ordered: out within an hour to es cort and convey the Colonel's wife down to the railroad. ; This was a trip of forty miles. '?-For the first ten miles it was ? over a level plain, then the trail ran through the scVub, along the foothills, over Hye miles of desert, around the south base of the _ mountain, and straight down to the rail road. It was .a hard, rough trail. It took* the army waggons front1 three to four days to make the forty miles. W- could make it in two if al lowed to pursue our way in peace. For a year there hatf been no open act of hostility on the part of the Indians, but we had known for weeks that they were making ready for an outbreak. It was queer enough that the Colonel should come down to us in person as we stood beside our saddled horses, knowing nothing of where we were to go or the object of the trip, but stranger yet that all ' military etiquette' should go out of his voice and demeanour as he said : ' Men, I am going to send my wife down to the railroad' to go East. You are to be her escort. It is a case o£ life or death, or she would not go. I am afraid of the Indians, and yet I think you will get through all right. You are to make the best time possible. If at tacked— — ' 'We shall beat them off, sir,' replied Sergeant' Gregg after waiting halfa niinute for the Colonel to finish. 'I hope you can. I can only send the seven of you and a driver. Eight men ought to beat 'off a -hundred Indians, unless taken in ambush. Be watchful and prudent. Sergeant, you are an old Indian fighter. You will know best what to do. You will get away by 1 o'clock, travel as fast as you can and as late as you can, so as to finish the journey to-morrow. If you are at tacked- — '?'. !.?'?..? The Colonel did not finish. He looked at each man and horse, inspected the ambulance and its pair of mules, and with a iialf-nod to uis Jk walked away. ' His wife must go, and, owing to details and sickness),' no commissioned officer could be sent along. If the Indians were out an escort of twenty men would not De too large. Only eight of us were to go. Had he finished h's sentence he w.ould have said : ' If attacked, and you are about to fall into the hands of the red devils, do not let my wife be captured alive.'' We understood what he meant, though ?we said nothing to each other. No mat ter what tie or any one else feared, the little woman was almost merry as sh'e \- took her seat in the ambulance for the start. ' She trusted us to the fullest ex tent, and that feeling made every man worth three: Our 'horses were, in fine fettle, an4 the first ten miles were.cover ed In a gallop. 'Then the way became so Tough tliWt we could only, proceed at a walk. We wound through the scrubby cedars and pines to the crest of a low mountain,' and then descended into Little Valley at just 5 o'clock. A dash across the valley to the base of Blue Mountain would put us in camp for the night. We, bad progressed famously well, and had not yet sighted an Indian. Three different times we had to bridge . chasms, which' mountain torrents had cut out 'within a weeki and twice we had to drag trees and logs out. of the path ?before we cor.id go on. Nothing had happened wrtien we reached the valley, and. as we looked around us and across it nothing could be seen to alarm. We had just taken the ropes off the blocked wlieels of llie ambulance when the war whoop of the hostile Indians sounded behind us, and we looked back over our trail to catch sight of a hundred mount ed warriors bearing down upon us. They had picked our trail and run us down. ' Mount !? Now, straight across the ' valley! Fall in to. the rear, of the ambu lance'!' ' . The voice of the old sergeant was hard ' and firm as he spoke. The curtains of the. ambulance were up, and I glanced at the Colonel's wife. She.. 'had seen '?' and heard. : Her cheeks had paled, tout ghe was removing a repeating rifle from its- hooks as we'fell in behind the vehicle. It was a dear five-mile, dash. The prairiie was as level as a floor, and the mules needed no urging after 'hearing the yells of the Indians. The soldier driver wound the lines about his hands, braced Ms feet, and away we went. We had a' start of half-a-mile. No man looked back. The pace was a hot one and there was cover five miles away. The Indians gained on us, but only inch by inch. The mules took up such a gait that our horses had to lie right down to it to keep up. Not a word ?was spoken as we rode, but every ear listened to locate those coming up be hind us. M they., came too near we must halt find open fire while the ambulance pushed on. We had -almost reached cover before three or four' rifle bullets came singing over our heads. Three minutes later' we were :among the trees and rocks, and' the race was ended. As the ambulance- halted and we. flung ourselves off .our horses, I looked back and .^aw a ban^of at ,least seventy iii-, dians almost 'within- 'ride-shojt ' of 'iis/ The road struck the .hills at' a' gulch, and they dared not follow us into that. They gave vent to their disappointment by shouts and yells and -a waste of am munition, and .for a tew minutes they had no plain' view.- '???..-. ^~~ ..-,.-. 'Well^we beat them in. a fair, race,' said the Colonel's wife asshe desceiuled from the ambulance with the rifle in her hands. ' 'Sergeant Gregg, \Vhat are; you going to do now V''' ? ?' '? ' Take cover, ma'am,' 'he replied .; as lie gave^her the ; military salute. ', : w. ?' ' Yes, of course,' she ;sald as . shft. looked about,' '.', D.id-,you .ever see a. pair, of mules .run, faster. ?f I might have got a shot but fpr^yourjinen be'hind, , There must be. near, a .hundred' Indians out there,, but .1 'guesslwe're;safe enough? now.''' ''''''.'?' :' '! ' :';-:r :';? : ?..????; - She'rattled on in thai: fashion while we were. taking the. mules: from. the. am- bulance and .unsaddling, our. hqrses, and It was a.great. weight off our, minds, to realise, that s^e.wpuId.iVot be a_ burden, on our hands. It; was jcH'e to thlnkof pursuing our 1 journey '. In the darkness which' Would soon blosb'dowri/ and be fore morning there .would be plenty of Indians' on the trail beyond/ '?'? W& must take cover and hope to stand them off' until . help arrived, or they' grew dls couraged'at the siege. As we were eon ' suiting -about location and defence the Colonel's wife came back to us. from the mouth rof the gulch and said : 'That's the phice, over to the left, men, There's a spring oh that hill, with a good growth- to /skelter nil, and you can eee plenty of boulders lying about.' The eei'seimt had selected the same spot, and ta the course of a quarter of an hour we were occupying it. We got the horses and mules up there, but the vehicle was left behind. It was a cone shaped hill amid half-a-dozen such, but it commanded the others. It was covered with pines and cedars of small growth, and there was a splendid spring right on the crest. If the Indians had been fierce in their pursuit, or crafty in their plans, we could not have reached it. It was the outbreak of war again with them, and they were overcautious. They drew back' into the valley to con sult, thus giving us a fair show, and we were snug enough when night fell, and they made a dash for us, which we easily repulsed. Darkness found us oc cupying a circle about 40ft. across, with stones and boulders and trees for shelter, and, though the situation was an anxious one and fulf of danger, all were ta good spirits. We made a fire between two rocks and cooked our sup pers, and by the use of blankets we put up a tent for the Colonel's- wife, though against her protests. After the one single effort of the Indians, which was doubtless more of a reconnaissance ?than an attack, we were left In peace, though all through the night we heard sounds to in-ove they w'ere.Jaking up positions on all sklos of us and making ready for ?the morrow. None of us except the woman slept an hour all night long. We used levers to loosen boulders and roll them into the circle, and with our knives we cut off limbs, and cut down small trees to fur ther strengthen our fort. We got the horses into a sort of gully below us, and made the position as safe as possible, and when daylight came there was noth ing more to be done. We had above GOO rounds of ammunition, food for three days, and water was at hand. Daybreak found us ready for an at tack. The Colonel's. wife took her place, rifle in hand, between two men, and for half-an-hour we expected a sudden liish. At the end of that time a single warrior appeared to view at the base of the hill, and in broken English demanded our surrender. The sergeant answered him that we were ready for them, and at the same time fired a shot which rolled the redskin's pony over. Three minutes later there was a circle of fire about us. Indians Wad mounted into trees to 1316 right and left of us to get a plunging fire, and from the tops of two lower hills they poured in their bullets at random. We simply crouched down behind the rocks and smoked our pipes, pleased that, they were throwing away their cartridges. At the end of an hour they ceased firing. Not a man of us had been touoned, but stray bullets had killed one of the mules and wounded two horses. There would be a rush now* and as we made ready for It the Colonel's wife sank down beside me, and quietly said: ' I've tumbled over sage hens and jackrabbits, and I ought to be able to hit an' Indian. Do I look frightened ?' ' You are as white as a ghost, ma'am,' I answered as I turned to her. ' But I'm all right,' she, smilingly said, ' and 'here they come.' So they did. With every painted war rior yelling at 'the top of his voice, the entire band charged us at once, taking in the whole circle. It was not until they got clOBe up that we could see any thing to shoot at, and every few seconds the sergeant cried out to us to hold our fire. It was over in a minute. They did not expect to find us entrenched, aud we knocked them over like ninepins. I believe we killed or wounded a full score, and it took the fight out of them so thoroughly that not a rifle was fired at us again until afternoon. Then, soon after 2 o'clock, and without the slightest warning, we were charged again, and for three minutes it was a wild melee. We fired into their very faces as they sprang upon the defences, and two warriors were shot down inside our fort, and^both by the Colonel's wife. It was their final and supreme effort, and well it was for us that it was thus. When we had beaten them off Sergeant Gregg and another man lay dead, four men were badly wounded, and they had cut our animals out of the gulch and run them off. Had the attack lasted a minute longer or been renewed, two men and a woman alone would have opposed It. And among the queer things of that last dash was the behaviour of the Oolonel'6 wife. ' With my own eyes I saw her shoot down the two warriors who had leaped the breastwork, and I believe she killed two or three more out side of it, and yet when the attack had been repulsed the little woman fell over in a dead faint, and for ten minutes we believed her dead from a bullet. When She came back to life. she had a fit of weeping, and when that was over she turned to and attended our hurts and was ready for. another brush. : We put in another night right there, not knowing that' the Indians had drawn off, -but soon after sunrise next morning were relieved of all' anxiety by the appearance of a, scout, who passed- on and sent us aid from the fort. The Colonel's wife did not get down to the railroad, for that was the opening of a war which lasted for months, but there was no blame at-' .fached to any of the living whore turned to' her.- On tiie contrary, the: old martinet of a Colonel took each one of;us by the -hand, breaking over!1' mili- tary etiquette' once more, in his life, and said :.,,'.'. ...,-..'.- ' You did well, my man, 'and here's my hand on it, and I won't forget you I' — ' San Francisco Chronicle.' — 