POPULAR SUPERSTITION. SOME REFI>BCTIO>fS. .' WITHOUT A MORAJj Wbo sees a laven solus— ' / ' 0-.M! ravim salur. Portent nnd press*# Rri111. presa.ffe grim.. Soon. wiilioot draught or boms— Draught or belui— Soon it’s ail up with him— tip with him! Thus carols forth the afflicted Frince in “La Mascoite," to the intense enjorTnent of the audience, which regularly encores the song, without in the least reflecting that a large proportion of those present are the victims of' superstitions even more ridiculous than those which ad-1 such a spice to the over-bubbling mirth of Audran’s famous comic ope/a. II you were to tell the average Australian that he-was superstitious by nature he would doubtless indignantly' deny the charge.' 'If-you'wore to oft'er him a 1,10' note to sleep In'the old cemetery', the chances'.are that he would accept the offer,:' But If you were to'endeavor to convince him that there is no such thing as luck: that because the left bower of hearts had been turned up six'times in succession the odds of its being exposed a seventh time were the same, neither more nor less than they.were before; he would undoubtedly regard you an ap amiable lunatic;, and the great body of the public would fully agree widi him. Most people are inclined to define su perstition generally as a “belief in ghosts, and other rubbish of that sort.1 It has always appeared to us that our good friends thespirituallsts; who..cher ish a very' warm affection for these in habitants of shadow land, are' by no means wise in their-method-of meeting •the gibes of the scoffers. Instead of throwing the onus of proof ft dri ilie un believer, they pin their faith to the de monstration, not that it is impossible to disprove the existence of spirits, but that some particular “spook” who Iras been called in from’the spiritual regions to a tete-a-tete in a medium’s back par lour, is the real, genuine, unadulterat ed disembodiment of a former mortal. And so, .when . the presumed spiritual visitors are dragged out suddenly into the full glare of the gas. and invariably turn out to be the medium in a sheet, the consequences are, to. say the least of.it, unpleasant. Yet it .is un doubted that the occasional appearance of the suburban ghost.'armed with pre cisely the same paraphernalia, has fre quently caused the knees of the most profound sceptic to knock together in pure lion-ora-, , And each particular hair to stand on cud, Like quills upon the fretful porcupine. The difference, after all, is only a matter of environment. One is moonshine; and the. other is moonlight Your medium’s “spook”, is, after all, a poor thing—more poor than demium, in fact. He may have a ghostly appear ance, or a ghostly speaking voice, but he doesn’t seem to possess the ghost of a show of self-confidence. Why' should he be called away from the proper business of his own. ghostly concerns at the will of a medium, and for the pleasure of some perfect stranger, who chooses to hand over half-a-erown,.in the pouching of which, mark you, tlie spirit has no share Why can’t he say. “Oh, I'm busy now,” or ”1 have a pressing engagement to meet a gentleman of suicidal impulse, out at four cross roads in the country',” or make any' other such simple and rational excuse The proper business of a ghost, according to approved authorities, needs particularly close occupation. A spook who has to go round trailing chains, or pointing out splashes of blood on his even ing dress shirt front, or wailing like an infant, can’t be expected to attend much to chance society functions. It natural ly takes his mind off his work,' and in disposes him to perform it satisfactorily to himself or anybody else. None the less we-should be sorry to sec our ghosls abolished before what people call the,-“Onward march of progress.” We have all of.us our_own private -spectres, each necessary' to fill a long-felt want Racing men are peculiarly addicted tc invoking the supernatural—possibly from' their intimate connection with “stiffuns.” On the eve of an impor tant ‘ race meeting especially, ibest spiritual visitants are in the habil of manifesting themselves in dreams, anc giving ghostly advice as to the possible winner of the event. It is true that thss: utterances are usually oracular, and in finitely capable of a wrong interpretation but the spiritual tip has a large and in creasing vogue, and the number of peoph who would Infinitely prefer the "straighi griffin” from a well authenticated night mare, to the “office" from the horse-ownet himself, is legion. You can depend upot a ghost for a “dead bird.” We have our doubts whether the oh legend of the unluckiness of sitting thir teen to table is altogether indigenous. I smacks a trifle of French swagger, al though it is, we believe, prevalent in eer tain of the upper circles—the circle ha: ever been a favorite spiritualistic emblem Still, we have not, so far, heard that thi profession of the quatorzieme, the politi young man who is engaged to make ui a fourteenth in case of emergency, ha: 1 thriven in Melbourne. But there an 1 plenty of houses where, if you spill tin ’ salt, the host or hostess will gravely arts 1 and turn a chair round three times, o surreptitiously throw a pinch over tiv 1 shoulder—"Not that there is anything ii 1 it, of course, but still one may as well b on the safe side.” We confess to som 1 sympathy with the thousands of peopt ’ who won’t wnlk under a ladde for fear a thunderbolt should de ; Scend and kill them. The expectei ' bolt from the blue may l>e off dut; [ for the time being; but there is alway: the chance that the man at the top isn’i and a hammer or a pot of paint, if les 1 smacking of the supernatural, is at leas equally effective in its way. , If there is something so fatal about th l number 13, why don’t the majority of th population die at that immatur [' period of their teens? It is a gawky age all wrists and elbows, and might well b spared by a world too fertile in enfant ’ terribles. Still, the thirteen y'ears olde: ! skips over that critical period of exis ’ tence with a light-heartedness revoltini " to the inner consciousness of well regu ’ Iated people. Similarly it is hard to ae count for the popular belief in the un luckiness of Friday'. Many' busines l firms select that day for the payment o ; their staffs, and we have never heard tha ' the employes offer any objection to th practice, or that the money which the: receive is fairy gold, or turns to a wither 1 ed leaf In their hands, or, in fact, suffer 5 any transmogrification whatever, excep the natural one of conversion into smal ’ change, and finally into nothingness. In ? deed, we have come across no reason fo decrying Friday, except the very eviden j one that it marks the longest possibl 1 interval to next week’s salary. , By the simple process of turning one’: ’ money in one’s pockets on the occasion o , a new moon a fortune is assured. Thi ” is certainly irritating to the large clas: of people who lack the initial necessar; for the operation. Modern society.own j to a keen desire for the establishmen r of the old age pension fund; yet neithe: ;1 Sir George Turner nor any other studen l of social legislation has hit uon the sim t pie expedient of going out at each nev moon with a pocketful of threepenn; t j pieces, and providing the poverty-strick ; en with the means of performing thi , happy conjuration, in which case then \- would be no necessity for making an: 1 provision for old age at all. Fadmistry. again, affords an ample fipld for the dabbler in, the minor mys f tea-lea of the black art. By tin:'number ! an-?, course of the lines an the hand, the f net-rota oncer predicts with certainty the future horoscope of tho neophyte, so that for the small sum of a. shilling you may know with certainty whether fate has in store a lucky drawing in Tatter eaU's sweep, or a murderous railway ac cident on a particular day, on which it is wise to patronise the cable tram. The paimist almost invariably diagnoses a happy marriage and.a large family. This is probably why washerwomen, whose profession naturally tends to the formation of wrinkles on the hand, have usually a husband to support, and any thing- from half-a-dozen to a dozen chil There used to be a belief that opals brought ill-fortune to the wearer. In the ante-boom days, no well brought up girl wouid think of accepting:opal3 from, the hands of her accepted suitor—not while there^as a diamond about.'Now-,, 'actays .the pid superstition seems- to-be; moribund, if., not dead. Judging by-the. windows-of‘the jeweilrst shops there is even something very like a run upotvthe , cheaper g$m,,.So marked.,indeed,. is the change in popular feeling, that we have, even heard of cases—breach of promise ones, especially—in which the aggrieved maiden has indignantly, refused to re turn a set of opals which has )>aen in cluded among the presents of early tenderness. Too often, alas, has the course of true lovo been disturbed by such stones as these.' IV e need not • inquire why scis sors should popularly fcc supposed to' cut love, or ■' why some people should so. scrupulously retrain from making any present of which steel is a component part.t We only know that these articles of* faith are rigidly .held by people who profess, to have - no belief in them. Again, in what consists the supposed advantage to be derived from leaving an infant’s nails uncut till it has reached the age of 12 months, we do not know. It is, however, very popular among a large class of mothers. But then the whole business of baby worship with the • numberless celebra tions attendant thereon is a mystery which no mere man may be permitted to penetrate. It is based upon the cardinal axiom that each new baby is the finest , and-best that evc-r was born, and that •is the most deep rooted and general superstition of all. _ 