THE FEDERAL EXIIBITION. CLOSING DAY. Tuesday night witnessed the closing of the Federal Exhibition. The attend ances throughout the week, especially during the evenings, were very satisfac tory., and the stallholders did a very fair business. On Tuesday afternoon the punils of Miss Annie Stafford gave a musical entertainment with the assist ance of Miss Kelsall (vocaliste) and Miss Susie Moore. Though all of the perfor mers were more or less nervous, they ac quitted themselves well, and the enter pretation of the various classical pieces submitted reflected the highest credit on Miss Stafford's instruction. Among the specially meritorious items, mention may be made of Miss Phoebe Holmes's solo, Chopin's Nocturne in E flat, played with much grace and expression; a Ron dino in E, op 28, No. 2 (Sterndale Ben nett), which served to display Miss Bertha Brookings clear touch and neat execution to advantage; and the finale from Sonata in G (Haydn), excellently given by Miss Rose Burgess. Miss Emmie Holmes contributed Field's Ron do in E flat, but excessive nervou'sness marred what would undoubtedly have been a very commendable performance. Other pieces given were a pianoforte duet, "Coronation March" (Weber), ., Misses Holmes: solo, "Allegro Brill: a in D" (Cipriani - Potter), Miss B,.. ^ Moore ; and "Valse in A minor, op 34" (Chopin\\. Miss Daisy Courthope. Miss Kelsall lent pleasant variety to the en tertainment by singing two vocal num bers, "Lovely Spring" (Coenen) and "Nobil Signor," accompanied at the piano by Miss Susie Moore, and the lat ter lady save as a pianoforte solo Grieg's "Spring Song." playing it with artistic effect and true musical feeling. SIn thp evening the hall was densely crowded, the attraction being "Mrs. Jar ley's Waxworks." arranged by Mrs. G. Leake and Mr. Sedding. Prior to the waxworks being shown, the following ex hibition of fancy dancing was given by juvenile pupils of the Misses Boyle and Hart:-Polish Dance, Highland Fling Gavotte, Scarf Dance, Irish Jig, Sailors' Hornpipe. Skipping-rope Dance, and Tambourine Dance. All of the children received rounds of applause at the con clusion of their dances, and seemed to enjoy their share in the proceedings quite as fully as the spectators did. Mr. Geo. Leake introduced "Mrs. Jarley" to the audience in a humorous speech, and on that lady (who was impersonated by Mr. Sedding) making her appearance, fearfully and wonderfully attired, the fun commenced. Each of the figures in the waxworks were carried on to the stage by two of Mrs. Jarley's assistants (Messrs. F. R. Barlee and Tony Forrest) and their mechanical actions. after being wound up and oiled, were excellently maintained. The following is a list of the figures shown and their impersona- tors.--"Ally Sloper." Mr. Percy Stone, "William Tell and his Son," Mr. H. Wilkinson and Master Leake: "Mary and her Little Lamb." Miss Shenton, "Three Little Maids" ("The Mikado"), Misses Burt, F. Shenton, and Prinsep, "Hamlet. Ophelia, and the Ghost," Mr. Lefroy. Miss Strickland, and Mr. Ash- ton, "Dancing Nigger," Mr. L. Forbes, "Music Lesson," Miss Tiny Shenton; "Nigger playing Bones," Mr. Ashton an excellent performance, and deserved- ly encored, "Queen Eleanor and Fair Rosamund," Misses Strickland and M. Shenton: "Dancing Girl," Miss Cole (this tiny girl was placed upon the stage enveloped in sheets of tissue paper like a large doll, and after being unwrapped she performed a skirt dance very pret- tily, and was subsequently much ap plauded); "Kruger and Bobs." the latter mounted on a rocking-horse, Messrs. H. Wilkinson and L. Hughes; "Constable," with song and tin whistle solo. Mr. Ash ton. The arduous role of Mrs. Jarley found an able exponent in Mr. Sedding, who managed, by his humorous sayings and actions, to keep the large audience present thoroughly amused throughout the exhibition of the figures. Mrs. Waltham played the requisite musical accompaniments. Immediately after the fall of the curtain most of the remaining articles on the stalls were disposed of by auction. Mr. Sedding acting as auc- tioneer. 