KATE DANTON.I CHAPTER V SSIfIfKING A GHOST. Three days aifter the departure of Grace's brother, Captain DIanton re turned to the Halll. Strange to say. the yountg doctor Itatd 1)een ,missedt in t.lesO thlree dtlays by the four 3lisse.s Danton. E.vein the stately Kate, who woull hlave gone to the block sooner than have o\wnedt it, nmissed his genitl preisene, his pleawult Inlugah, and ever itl,.tcrestillg convlllersationll; Rose tnisetd htr flirtee, atr gaped wearily .the slow hous,. away tat .h:lad flown coquaettitg wtith himn: tIny mtissetd ,the pocketfuls ot ehocolhlte. Itn-bons, anl the story books new froml Mlontttreal; and Grace missed lhim mosas of alt. BItt Ectny wsas the otly one Ihontest et'outtg to own it, :lnd she declared the hotse sls :Is lonely Ias t dunreont since Dr. lrat:lnlk hndtl gone aLslny. "One w\ouln tlhink yoll had fallen in loyev t\itlh tltlt, ellny," satid Rose. "No." retorted oeny; "I leave that for yoll. Iiut hle ,was nice; 1 like? himl, and I.wi ls hl e 'w-oldd come back. ol)n't yoll, Kute?" "I don'it catre, particultrly," said Kiate. "I wish papn would come." ''"And bring tlhat tunkllownu friend of yours. I say. Kate," said llose mis chitevotisly. "they sal" you're engagedtl -pet)Orttt's it's your fiante." Ul over Kaste's ltearly face the hot blootd Ittw, and she iturned Ihastily to the nearestt whildow. "Too tlate, mt soeu.r," said Rose, her eyes dtlncing. "Yeou blush beiLtti :fiully. Wo't, 1 lLave a .look at him twhen hie comes, the conquering ltero, who can ws'int otr queenly RKate's lhetlrt." "Rose, Jutslt!" crietd Kate, yet not displeased, and with that roseate liglt in hier faee still. LRose came over, and pLt 'ller hram around hler wai-t coaxingly. "Tell me about him, Kate. Is he lhandsome?" "Whlo? RIeginald? Of course lhe is handsome." "I ewant to see ]him dreadfully! IHave you his picture? Won't you shldw it me?" There was a slender gold chain round Kate's neckl, selielt she wcre night and day. A locket was attach ed., and her band pressed it now, but she 'didi'not take it out. . "Some other time, my pet," she said, kissing Hose. "Come. let us go for a ride." Rose was an accomnplished torse woman, add never looked so well as in a side-saddlle. She owaled a slirited black tnmare, whclih she called Regina, and ehe hIad ridden out every day with Dr. Frank while that gen'tlemnn was in St. Croix. Kaae rode vell, too. A flet-footedl little pony, natmedl Arab. had been trained for her use, and the sisters ga.lloped over the cotuntry toget.ler daily. Keny and Grace, both snort:lly afrait of .or'seflesh, never rode. ·letweett music, boolks, .and riding, thle three days' iltterval passed plea siuttly enough. Rose stas 111 invoteralte novel render, and tie hours Kate spent shut up with t hat nfalthomalble mystery, Mr. Richards, her younger sister passed atbsorbcd in tlte lIst new novel. 'lihey .had visitors, too--the Ponsoln bys, the Lantldreys, , the La Favres, and everybody of Ilsote in the neighbour hIood c-lled. Father Francis, K. le Cure, the lev. Augustus Clare, the Episcopal incumn?ent of St. Croix, an aristocratic young Elngtlishman, camtcn to see thnem in ,the evening to hear Miss 'l)anton sing, and ito )pla3y back goanmon. 'Tle Rev. Atuglstus, ,who was slian andti fair, andn ihad face and Iands like a .pretty girl, was very much impress edl with the imajestic daughter of Cap tain Dahtot, who sang so magnificent 13', and looked at him Iwithl eyes like blue stars. The day3' that brouglht hter fatller hotne hootd 'been lontg i andi dull. There thad been no callers, atnd they hlad not gone ou.t. A colt north wiul .had shlrieked around -the house all day, rattling the wilndows, and tearing frattically tlerough tthe gauint artns of ilte strippedl trets. The' sky was like lea:d, tihe river black and t~urbid. As fthe ofternoon "vore on, great flakes of snow came flutitering through tile oplnqne a.ir. slowly ast first, then faster. till all was blitd, fluitterntg whiteness, and the black earth was hidden. IKate stood by tile dining-ro6m win dow • wateling thle fast-falling snow. It had 'been a long day to her-la 'long, veary, aimaless day. She had tried to read, 'to play, to sing, Ito work; and 'failed in all. She had visited Mr. Riholards; shIe ;ahl wandered, in a lost saort of iway, fromn roomn to room; sthe laid hIli listle.ssly ont sofats, and tried to sleep. nIl1 in vain. The de?ont of etnnui hIal ttlkell possession of her; Iand nowe. it the end of every resource, the stood looking diltarily outt att ,the ,vin'try scene. She was dressed for tle eveling, and looked like a 'pictnre, buttoned up in that black velvet j'lc kelt, its rich darkiness ~sullell a foil to her fatir face and shlining golden lthir. Grace wa;s Iher only conapanton-Grace sititig se'renely braidin? an a'pron for herself, hose \ws fathomts deep in "Los Mis'rables," and oeny was druinl n'ing on the pitaro in .thlle draswing roomn. 'Tihere dad been u. long silentce, uitt presently GiLee looked up from her work mandl spoke. "This wintry scene. is new to you, Miss Daniton. You don't have such wild snow storms in Eng'land?" Klte, glance.d round, a. little sur prised. It was very rarely indeed her fatlher' lousekeeper voluntarily addressed "No," she said, "not like this; but I like it. We ought to uhave sl'eighing to-morrow, if it continues." "Prolably. We do not often have sleighing, tlhough-i, in November." 'fleere was another pa~use. ,Kite yawned bohind lher wlhite hand. "I rwish iatlhhr Francis would conic uap," she said nwearily. "Hle is the only person in St. Croix worth talldng to." The dairk. short Novenber aftcrnioon nais deepening with snowy night, hlen through the ghostly twilight Ihe buggy from Eie station whirled up to the door, and two gentlemnen alighted. lrent- co:sts, with upturned collars, alld hats pulled down, disguised btotlh, hit l:ate recogniseld her father, the taller and stoulter, with a cry of de light. "l'ipL!" shle exclaimed; and ran out of 'lle room to meet hlm. lIe Ins just enrterilng, his jovial laugh ,ring ing ?? throughj the house as he shook the slon' off, ;aid caglhl. hier iin his wet m?ll's. "Clad to Ie dhome aigain, Klte! You don't mind ia cold kiss, do you? Let me present an old friend vwhom you ulon't expect, I'll wager." Tile gentlenman 'behind: him came forwaLrd. A gemutlemian neither very young, nor very .handsome, nor very tall: at once plain-lookingu and proud looting. 'he. pale twilight 'was bright enough for Kate to recognise himn as he took ofil his JlLt "Sir Ronald KeiLth!" she cried, in tense surplrise in every line in hler face: "uhy,, who would have thought of seeing you ini Canada?" She hell out l1er hand frankly, butt there ,was, a miarliked air of rest.raint in Sir Ronall's manner as hie ·touchled it anl dlroppedl it. ag.lin. "I thloullt ,it would be an austonish er'.' said her father; "how are Gralce :ail einy?''?" "Very ·U'll1." "An.d 1o-,? IHas Rose got home?" "Yes, papa." At ,this jmuncture Ogden appeared, alnd his lm?iaster .tornled to him. "t)gd n. see that Sir Ronald's lug gauge is talcen to his rdom, and then hold yourself in readiness to attend himi. This way, Sir Ronald, there is just time to dress for dinner, and no iniore."? He led his visitor to the bedroom regions, and Kate returned to the dlrawing-roiom, lRose ?wvas 'there dressed beantifully, aitnd with flowers in her hair, and ill curlosity to hear vuwho theirt vistior was. There was a heightened colour in Kate's face and an altered expression in her eyes that luizzled Grace,. "HIe is Sir lRoarld Keith," rshe said, in reply to Rose. "I have known him for 3years." "Sir Ronald: kniiuSt or baronet?" "Baronet, of course," Kate said, coldly; "and Scotch. Don't get into a gule, Rose; you won't care about hin; 'he is neither young nor hanad some." "Ts he unmanrriedl?" "Yes." "Aind rich ?" "His income ris eight thousand a year." "Mon Dieu!" A baronet and eight thousand a year! Kate, I am going to make a dcad sedt at him. Lady Keith--,Lady Rose Keith; that sounds remarkably vwell. doesn't it? I always thought I should like to be 'my lady.' Grace, how do I look?" Kate sat down to the piano, and drowned Rose's words in a storm of music. Rose looked at her with pursed-up lips. "Kate is in one of her hligh and mighty moods," she 'thought. "I don't piretend to ulderstamd lher. If she is engaged in England, what difference carn it make to 'her whether I flirt with this Scotch baronet or not? What do I care for 'her airs? I'll flirt if I please." She sat still, twisting 'her glossy ringlets round 'her fingers, while Kate pltyed on with .unsmiling face. IHalf an hour, and t.ho dinner-bell rang. Ten minutes after, Captain Danton and his guest stood before them. For a moment Rose did not see him; her father's large proportions, as he took her in his arms and kissed her, overshadossed every one else. "IHow my little Rose hms grown!" tse c:Lptain said, looldng at her fond ly; "as plump as a partridge and as Rosy as her name. Sir Ronald-my daughter Rose." Rose 'bo\sed with finished grace, thinlking, with a~ profound sense of disappointment : "Wh.ht an ugly little man!" 'Then it was Eeny's tuTn, and pre sently they were all seated at the table-the baronet at Kate's right Imnd, talking to her of Old England and of by-gone days, and of people the rest knew nothing obout, Captain Danton gallantly devoted himself to the other three, and told 'thiem he had broulght them all presents from Mont real. "Oh, papa, lhave you thoulogh!"'cried Itose. "I dearly-love presents; what have you brought nme?" "Wait unmtil after dinner, little curi osity," said her father. "Grace, who do you think I nmet in Moldtreal?" "I don't know. sir." "Why, 'thaht Brother of yours. I war1 loitering along the Champ de Mars. ,when who should step up but Dr. Fr1ank. Wasn't I astonished! I asked wha.t brought him there, acnd 'he told me he found' St. Croix so slow 'he couldn't stand it any longer. Compli menIta:fry to you young 'ladies." Kaite gaive lose a mnischievous look, and Rose bit her lip and tossed back her nuborn curls. "I' dare say St. Croix and its inhabi tants can survive the loss," she said. "Papa, the next finme you go to MortIt real I wavnt 3you11 to ttake me. It's a long time since I lave been tihere." (To be Continued.) 