THE EVENING MEETING. At 7.30 o'clock the Eev. J. Watsford preached a powerful sermon from Acts ii. 4. Around him on the platform were grouped several ministers and well known laymen of our Church, and the audience was composed of representa tives from all the city and suburban nirnnihs. who had come together to receive a baptism, which was not denied them. 1 In dealing with his subject Mr. Watsford began by a brief reference to the plan of salvation by Christ, and the promise of the Father that when the atonement was made the Holy Spirit would be poured out upon the world. He reminded them that in the old Testament atonement and anointing were always connected ; several quotations from Moses and the prophets were given in proof of this. At length John the Baptist came crying ' Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sins of the world.' . . . He shall baptise you with the Holy Gho&t.; 'That was the anointing. Christ Himself said, 'If I go away I will send the Comforter unto you.' He did go away. He went away to Gethsemane and to Calvary, and finally back to the bosom of the Father. His last words to His disciples were in reference to the coming of the Holy Ghost. And when the day of Pentecost was come the pro mise was fulfilled, ' and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost.' He pointed out that in this baptism of fire there was something definite, something instantly given, something they had not had before. Two things were notice able. First, there was an emptying before there could be a filling. Peter, speaking in reference to the descent of the Holy Ghost upon the Gentiles, said (Acts xv. 8-9) : — ' God which knoweth the hearts bare them witness, giving them the Holy Ghost even as He did unto us ; and put no difference between us and them, purifying their hearts by faith.' Hearts must be emptied of sin before the Holy Ghost can take posses sion. Sometimes we talk about taking the Holy Ghost, but He takes us. We become Spirit possessed. Wherever the Holy Spirit is there are the fruits of the Spirit. Look at the apostles before Pentecost and look at them after. What zeal they displayed : the upper room became too small for them, and they went out into the city. Peter got hold of a Grecian and began to talk Greek to him, and John spoke to an Italian. Soon the whole city was astir ; the rulers said, 'Ye have filled Jerusalem with the doc trine.' What liberality they showed. ' No man said that ought of the things which he possessed were his own, but they had all things common.' Their methods were not such as could con tinue very long, but the spirit remained, the Spirit that recognised that every man was a steward of God and respon sible to Him for the use and distribu tion of his wealth. What courage they manifested. See Peter warming him self at the fire and hear his cowardly denial of his Master, and then see him before the rulers of the Jews defying the civil authorities. What power they exercised, out it was the power of the Holy Ghost, and as a result 3000 men were converted to the faith of Jesus Christ. Shortly after the number in creased to 5000, then they left off count ing, and they said 'a multitude' be lieved, and afterwards, 'the men who have turned the world up-side down have come hither also.' This was re peated and continued, it was not a flash in the pan ; they lived it, it was their daily experience wherever they went, beoause they were all ' filled ' with the Holy Ghost. Not only were the apostles filled, but so were the whole 120 of them, including the women, in fulfilment of the prophecy, ' I will pour out of My Spirit upon all flesh, and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy.' Then the deacons were also filled with the Holy Ghost. They did not select men for those offices in the church be cause of their social status or their wealth or intellectual powers, but the Apostles said ' Look you out men full of the Holy Ghost.' We want to go back to those days. Further, the new converts were also filled with the Holy Ghost. Saul of Tarsus, immediately after his conversion at Damascus re ceived the Holy Ghost. Now come to ourselves. Every true believer has the indwelling Spirit. A man may have the Holy Spirit dwelling in him, and yet not be ' filled with the Spirit.' The Holy Spirit may have possession, yet not full possession. Paul in 1 Cor. iii. 13 says ' Know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you,' and yet in the first and third verses he says they were 'babes in Christ,' and 'yet carnal.' In Ephesian he speaks of them as ' sealed with the Holy Ghost, and yet later on he urges them to be filled with the Spirit' ; other passages were quoted to shew that there was the possibility of a man being sanctified, but not wholly sanctified. The case of the Apostles was a clear instance of this. Jesus had breathed on them, and said 'Eeceive ye the Holy Ghost.' They were not without the Holy Spirit, but they were not filled until Pentecost. We need this to- day. We can't live the life God would have us live without this. Eeli gious life in the past perhaps has been made up of failure all along the line, at least more or less of failure, but the glorious victory over failure may be obtained. We need it in order to success in our work. The reason why we have not success in our work is because we are not filled with the Holy Ghost. You might as well try to send an engine to a distant town in this colony without steam as to expect a minister to have success in his work without the Holy Ghost. We may all have it, and we are no use if we do not get it. Christ said to His disciples, don't go out just yet ; you are not ready to go until you receive the power of the Holy Ghost. He says the same to us. ' The promise is unto you.' There is nothing to prevent every believer in this Hall from being filled with the Holy Spirit. (Passages were quoted to warrant this expectation.) ' I will sprinkle clean water upon you and ye shall be clean,' &c.; Get under the shower and be filled with the Spirit. This blessing is to be received by simple faith. ' He that believeth,' that is the condition. How sball we get it? By faith. When? Now. If, by faith it must be when I believe and thus exercise faith in the promise of God. Oh ! claim it now. Claim it in all its fulness. Christ, when He a=cended up on high, received gifts for men, and one of them was the great gift of the Spirit. Have you got it ? Ministers, have you got it ? Local preachers, have you got it ? Class-leaders, have you ? got it ? Christian Endeavourers, have you got it ? Believers, have you got it ? If not, will you claim it now ? Say ' I will.' You may not be able to understand all about it, but you will know more about it when you claim it and receive it. Here the speaker's voice trembled as he paused ; that was the end of the ser mon, but the power remained. There was nothing about the service which might be called ' attractive,' as that word is generally used nowadays. The old hymns were sung to familiar tunes, and to the accompaniment of an American organ. The preaoher did not attempt any oratorical flights, there was ?no new thing in exegesis to tickle the fancy of the theologians and comment ators present, but there was unmistake ably the presence and power of the Holy Ghost in that service. The exposition of the text and the co-relative passages of Scripture was given in language clear and plain and yet powerful, and at the close there was no peroration, but just in a pause when nobody knew whether the sermon was ended or not, some person tried ieebly to sing : ' Here I give myself to Thee,' but fortunately the verse was not taken up by the audi ence, aud after another brief pause Mr. Watsford said : ' I thin a we had better kneel down and ask the Lord what we should do next.' Everyone was bowed in prayer, and presently led, as well as an almost overpowering emotion would permit, by the Eevs. W. G. Taylor and H. Wiles, the congregation bowed before the Lord in thanksgiving for the gift of the Holy Ghost, and in supplication for greater power for service. Thus closed a meeting, which will live long in the memory of those who were privileged to be present. 