CHAPTER xrr. SHADOWS ON THE HILL. i- t: j i tk. Tnr. on Vv;<3 < AS L.ingooa passea toe vabut mil uu ms i way from Murrell's he could hear laughter I and talk in the parlour, where candles ' were being lighted. But he was in no mood to join the company, and so he kept his way to the smithy. Prentice was there, however, and Ban- i ham and Dan Fisk. Also Abel Penny father, a email farmer, though a lai^e and wide man, and two or three more, in cluding the colourless man, burdened with the never-completed story of the balloon that fell in Barling in eighteen hundred and twenty-eight. "Tarkin* o' Barl'n," said &lvf;~jwT father, cutting short the ballnov manw before he got to the date, "jn*< ;Q0V^ here at thiB stick. See't? N-..v 1 i»v e penny yow don't know, none w \> WL^ that stick is, nor whar it cans. ,, un" Most of them did, having story before, but nobody veiv i to so except the injured balloon " stung to rebellion against 1 father's big voice and loud manner, L , "\yiiv ees, sartcn to say, that onny : 1 "That stick," roared Pennv. .,r ^an ing it on the flat of the table, hat stick be a thistle. Nothen bui. common rank oad thistle. An I !i ,;,<j ^ stick twelve year. An' I 1 peu you dunno where it came Weil when oad Wilken had Burtm; rm yo^ 1 never see eich a J?*!1*} yo.. -i daya* never. Darty fiels! La! V ..."k 8o' Nobody never knowed what v fieV i was that bent seen oad B . Iken's . Yow eoon't tell whether tw< mg ur i carlock he were growin'- ce\v :-e nigh arl carloek. Carlock on' dog-grass an' thistles! Lord! Why folk kim miles to 6ee t, twere Buch a sight. Well, I looks over into a wheatfiel' one day. an' there 'tarl were, such a foison o' tnistles and carlock an' .muck as yow never see-thistles high as a man. very nigh. So, sez I, I'll just take a look roun' that fiel', I eez, an' find the true champion among thev thistles. So I looks an' I looks, but, dang'ta!!, they Vie arl so woundly big I coon't make chice. But, sez I, I'll take away one with me for cnros'ty. So I cuts it close down, an' a deadly fine bit o' timber 'twere. Whv, 6ez I, that 'ud make a good warlkin'-stick. An' a warlkin'-stick I made it. Ha. ha!" "'Tis a wonnerful stick," remarked the docile Banham, examining it as though it were not as familiar in his eyes as Abel Pennyfather himself, "a wonnerful stick, sarten to say. An' nothin' but a rank oaa thistle, sez yow! Well, well." "The games I had with that stick!" Abel Eursued with a chuckle. "Drove noor oad lob Wilken hafe-ehanny. , 'Good morn in', Master Wilken/ sez I, "How d'ye like my warlkin'-stick. Fine bit o' limber, ben't it? Much obliged t'ye :'or it, Master Wilken. Got it out o' a wheat fiel' o' yourn, an' left plenty moiv behine. Why doan't yow grow warlkin'-s; ks for reg'lar crop?' Lord! that mad he were!" "He were a rum 'un, oad Wilken," Prentice said, soberly, re-filling h pipe. 'Tanned slovenly an' farmed nu .n, an' thote to make it pay by bein' meaner. Remember the fanteeg with the gle. . is?" "Woon't hev 'em, would he?" "Got a-hoeshack, with a rope the saddle, him an' has hossman both -/J1088" back, one each end o' the rope. c^ !oped over a fiel', so's to loop up arl the gVoieri an' sweep 'em away. Gleaners e on a bank, an broke his ja* with a c ^bat. Rope caught a woman, hulled her ?" an putt out ner shoulder, an' she sui used turn, an' made him pay. He wc. .n to tie up his ja', an' the gleaners t; went off with fower traves o' wheat. ( him three years' gleanin's, that did." "Well," Pennyfather proclaim . "he den't know how to farm, ne den't. irm in' mean doan't do-not in Essex look at me. Ill just ten 'ee. D a man comes " There was a wrenching, first o way and then the other, at tne door-hai ere the door opened, and a red. vacant ap peared above a dirty smock frock, low a very bad hat. "Master Peni; said the face, interrogatively, for Ai ^as behind the door. "Ees?" Pennyfather tnrned about his chair, and faced the door. "Wi ^c now, Jarge Crick?" "They cows be driv* in by the nc 'fj', an' Missis she say there be but foui > >" cow*us." "Fowerteen? Where be t'other, t n "Missis say it be oad Molly." "Where be't, joulterbead?" . . "She make count it strayed down 1 marshes. Boy went an' found '^An' why den't he go an' find T' Abel demanded, with rising wrath. "'Tis dark, an' he be feared. "Feared! Feared o' what? ' hJ, den't ye go yereelf, 'stud o' comin . |in here? Yow ben't feared too, be yow "Yow be mindful o* the White 1-j ? down by the castle, Jarge, Put,,Vl, Fisk, with a malicious squint. t the Black Man, too, an' the witches mat do live thereby." ... "'Haps oad Molly won't take no «i . warm night, master." Jaixe h|nt£d - easily, fiagetting with the door-knob^ . 'tis hard Co find a beast in the dark. , , 'Take no harm! Why, she'll g° that oad cowbane arl night, an P.z.. herself! They squelcbg places be full " Doan't 'ee be a lool, Jarge Crick. Take yow a lantern an' go arter her, quick w sharp. Go onl" . .__a 0f Jarge Crick, with no «rtra«g*nt IN FKBK-TKES GDlIiY : 'WABE SMASH. iiusiasm, slowly withdrew, and pulled door behind him. ?ii. do beat me, commented Abel nvfnther, when he was gone, "to see Vi)]y timmersome fancies o' folk here ,i. Ghosts, an' witches, an' White us, and Black Men, an' what not, an' \ body feared to go nigh the Castle dark, an' Cunnin' Murr'll there .in' his livin' of it." i ii]iam shuffled uneasily, and Prentice "Cunnin' Murr'll's a knowledgeable , howsomedever." \»' J do seem to remember," remarked : Kisk abstractedly, "I do seem to re Milier somebody earlin' in Cunnin' ,n']] to a sick cow-though whether ,n> o;id Molly or one, o' the oathers, I ?no." t \nv doctorin s one thing," retorted ,.!, reddening and puffing his cheeks, jiliosts an goblins is another. I n't deny as ilurr'll is a scholard, an' . had liim to cure cows an' nigs, an' I'd liim agin, an' I'd hev him for a human or what not. But ghosts and ,.lies-Bail! I doan't give that for arl 111!" and be snapped his fingers. Mnrr'll be a wonnerful man with ?ts," said Prentice. "Looks at 'em, EASILY EXPLAINED. "What makes Willie look go much older than the rest of the boys?" "Don't talk bo loud-he was the nest-egg, and he's sensitive about it."-("Judge.") ;ih' they be gone in the mornin'. Some times doan't even look at 'em." "All!" said another, "an' things stole! "l is known how gifted he be with they, lii nii'iiiber Dicky Wicks, as went to sleep in t)ie tap-room at the Crown, an' got his pus= stole? Well, there were twelvTe shillin' in the puss, an' he went to Murr'll, an" Murr'll he took down 'zact when he went in an' when he woke up, an' who was tiu re, and what the puss were like, an' what not. So, sez Murr'll, 'if I get it back fur vow 'ool yow promise not to perse i-me* " Prosecute," Prentice hinted. "So I said-persecute. 'If I get it back for yow,' sez Murr'll, 'ool yow promise not i. persecute, supposin' yow learn who be tin' thief?' So Dicky Wicks promised, an', ?i'/ Murr'll, 'Putt a pot or a mug on your (I ' u stcp overnight, an' look in it in the nnrnin!' So Dicky Wicks putts out the mug, an' in tbe mornin' be comes an' looks at it, an' there be notbin' there " "Ha, ha!" roared Abel Pennyfather. "Might ha' 'spected as much. Nothen' there!" "Nothen' there the fust mornin', as I said. 'But,' sez Murr'll, 'putt it out agin;' an' be did, an' nex' mornin' there be the puss in the mug complete, just as 'twere lost, with the twelve shillin' in it, the very same coins as were there when he lost it-leas' ways he coon't swear when he but he thote most on 'em were." "Ay, 'tis wonderful doin's, sarten to say," Banham said, musingly, with a slow shake of the head. "An' him with 6uch a mort o' trades, too. Readin' arl sort of tilings the stars, an' Greek, an' moles, an' what not, an' herbs, an' cures, an' surveyin'." "Ah, an' wonderful visions o' prophecy in a pail, they do say. Why, tnat Mrs. Mead as is now, when her fust busban' went away, an' weren't heard of for years, she don't know whether she might marry agin lawful or not, till she went to Cunnin' Murr'll, an' looked in the pail o' watter, an' there see a funeral a-goin' into a ch'ch yard. Don't know what to do, not till then, she don't." ""lis no denyin' he be a man of great powers," said Prentice, with judicial calm. "An' how be go about at night! He've been seen at sputs miles apart at the same time, often. He go out most o' dark nights, when oather folk be timmersome; an' he go anywhere-white ladies or spur rits give him no fear." Abel Pennyfather snorted. "Giv.e him no fear," he repeated, scornfully. "An' who do fear 'em, eh? Who do fear 'em?" "Some do, sarten to say," Banham re plied mildly. '"Tis not given to arl folk to meet such with galliant defiance like yourn, Master Pennyfather." "Pooh, pooh!" said Abel Pennyfather. There was a gallop and a bounce out side, and something struck the door with a clatter. Once more it opened, and Jarge Crick, his face red no longer, but dirty white, lik<* putty, stood and gasped for breath, an extinguished horn lantern hang NAMELESS FALLS, VICTORIA. (By "Rewlah," South Australia.) FROM " THE AUSTRALASIAN " SEVENTH PHOTOGRAPHIC COMPETITION. ing from one finger and smelling hor ribly. "Why, Jarge!" cried Dan Fisk, "Been a ghost seein'? What ha' you done with oad Molly?" "Marshes-castle-ghosts-I see 'em witches-arl on 'em--G'Lor!" Jarge Crick lay bold of a chair back and pantea afresh, his eyes rolling wildly. "What ha' ye seen, ye great fool?" Pennvfather demanded angrily. "Get your breith, an' tell plain. Sit down, then. Where's the cow?" Jarge Crick fell into the chair he had been leaning on, staring and panting still, for be had run half a mile up hill at his hardest. "Where's the cow?" asked Abel Penny father again, with increasing wrath. Jarge shook his head, and glanced ner vously over his shoulder. H.au't-sin her," he said. "Arl marshes-an' Castle Hill-devil-rid an' harnted.' "Harnted, be gormed! What's gas tered ye?" "I see the Black Man, an' witches, an' ghosts, an' hosses, like the Book o' Reve lations!" Banham, whose eyes and mouth had re mained steadily open since Jarge came in, here murmured, "Yow doan't say't! Ghostes and hosses like Revelations!" "When I'd a-got down just over the marsh," Jarge Crick went on, growing less breathless and more coherent, "I went by the cliff-side a-sayin' over prayers to meself, as is fit for times o' great per'l, an' I see frightful shadders movin' on Castle Hill." "'Tie cloudy an' moonlight by turns/' said Pennyfather, testily, '^in' shadders be nat'ral." "An* the nearer I kim, the more I heared sighs an' moans an' dolourin' noises on the hillside." "'Tis a steady wind from the era, an' yow hear it in the trees an' copses." ''But I hearted up strong, for I see a beast on the hill as the moon kim out, an' even a cow be com'ny to a man in sich deadly places; an' I went forrard in prayer an' tremblin'. But the moon went in agin, an' no beast could I see, though 1 were a-nigh where it ote to be. An' then there kim a mortal loud bang, an' I drops down to hidin' in a bush." Abel Pennyfather offered no explana tion of the bang, and the rest only gaped and listened. "Scace was one bang but there kim anoather, an' I dussen t look up. But when no oather bang don't come, I hearted an' peeped, an' cuther! There goed a ghostly pale hoss, an' there goed a black hoss, an more down the hill, arl shadder an' spurrit an' breathin' fire an' brimstone, an' black shadders o' creeping ghostes at their halters. I coon't stand, nor run not nohow, An' I looked up the bill, an' there I see the Black Man, true as print. A gashly great black tarl man, with eyea o' flamin' fire, stannin' by the tower, an' gazin' terr'ble down on the shadders, an' spurrites, till I almos' swounded. An' when I looked agin he were gone-gone like smoke. I crarled round behin' the bushes till I kim near by the lane end, an' then there were v'ices-v'ices with words I coon't understand, nor no Christen man either, up on the hill. So I looke agen, an' 'twere two women right atop stretching out their hands over the gasnlv place, an savin' their words; an' I'll swear it solemn 'pon Bible oath, for once I see 'em clear, 'twere Mrs. Mart'n, tbe witch, an' the gal her niece!" Wide eyes and wide mouths moved not, but from the latter there was an escape of breath like wind from a noisy bellows, and Banham gurgled hoarsely. "Witches' meetin', sarten!" "An' with that I gets my senses back, an' bein' at the lane end I coon't look no moer, but let go arl an' runned." "Pity you den't get your senses back 'fore yow started out," sneered Abel Pennyfather. "Yow go out arter my cow, an' yow come back with a silly mawther's yarn like that, an' leave the cow to pizen herself and get lost! Go yow back, Jarge Crick, an' find my cow. Gor on! "Go back?" ejaculated Jarge, his return ing colour checking at the thought. "Not me!" "I tell yow to 'bey my orders!" pursued his master, with an angry thump on the table. "Go an' bring in that cow, an' let's hear no more o' yer gammick, else find anoather place!" Jarge rose to his feet, but shook his head steadily. "Not me, master'," he said. "I've sin it an' yow han't. I'd sooner alose me place fowerty times. Yow go an' fetch her yourself, Master Pennyfaa', if you ben't afeard. I am." And Jarge Crick carried his tale and bis lantern out into the tap-room. For a few minutes there was silence; save for certain grunts and snorts of disgust from Abel Pennyfather, and then Dan Fisk said, with his odd squint, "Hedn' yow better see about oad Molly 'fore she gets strayed too fur?" "Dang the cow, no. She woan't take no barm." "But there be a mort o' cowbane in the squelchy places, Master Pennyfather." "Cowbane be danged. If she'll take it I count she's took it by this time, an' any how yow can't see a cow on a marsh on a night like this, an'-but there- none of ye be drinkin'! Doan't sit with empty pots, neighbours. What'll ye arl take?" 