? fl) AWFUL JUT'S EXPERIENCE. 1 would not spend another such a night Thonjlr 'tvrera to bay a world of happy daji. •hmkeapwr*.—K. Bichaid I1L, Act1,8c. IT. CHAPTER L TH pen in hand and a fair page before me, I hesitate. Shall I, or rather, can I, tell this stonr ? Not only does it touch me closely, but it shames me. It is know how terrible. And S it is so recent that it seems but last night— no longer. I will tell it. Tes, I will tell it all, What shall I lose by doing BO ? A little of the present dread, perhaps, -that weighs. \- uponme—nothing more. If anything -can relax this tension of iny nerves it will surely \- be the writing down of the. naked facts of my night's experience. And then, by •degrees, perchance the horrid remembrance \- - will .cease to blacken my every.dream. Only one living person besides myself knows why silver streaks have so rapidly appeared in my hair. Evelyn Merritt is that one, and she urges me to tell out the ghastly tale. And indeed the world may hear it now, for it can hanp nobody. . The night was that of the Merritta' ball. \- Evelyn is an old schoolfellow of mine, who, till the house was burnt down six weeks ago, , lived at Ashington- Hall,, in Derbyshire Happening tobe in the neighbourhood, was invited this , autumn to their annual dance. _ 'And you must stay the night, dear,' Evelyn had added, * for goodneBS knows when we shall break up.' From my childhood I have loved dancing, and I am as keen on it now as ever. But, .sad to say, I have reached an age (thirty rusxt birthday!) when one has sometimes to bear the mortification of seeing oneself . shelved in favonr of children in their teens, who ought to be in the schoolroom. A . woman unused to posing as a wall-flower finds it hideously unpleasant to be compelled tostand aside. But I have too much spirit to cave in at once and decline: invita- . tions. At some balls, I remind myself, . dancing offers come in brisker than others. And so, always hoping for the best, I have my hair dressed in a fresh style, choose a younger frock, and try my luck again. That evening, at the Merritta, fortune seemed cruel. . Introductions were few, but that was no disgrace Hie sting lay in being coolly overlooked by menwhom . knew.; Truly I^id not feel proud as I stood in a conspicuous place and fingered my programme. . How lovely Evelyn looked I . She Is younger. than% and a man's girl every inoh. , -1 doirt think I was jealous of her, but I wned behind my fan, and gloomed mournlly as the room filled—but not my card. Theguestpie was not well proportioned; . then was too little ham for the quantity of veal. Girls were thiok, and men scarce, lie sight;was a pretty one—it .always Is— but whenone's feelings are hurt one's ad- :. miring capacity is reduced. ; 'Butterflies and black beetles f I said. . 'How on earth can a man be.content to be turned into an exaggerated Stiggins with . the front corners cut out, instead of dressing as they knew how to in the last century f .Iwas Speaking, for fault of a better listener, to a shy, gawky child-giant—the sort of companion wall-flowers mid. She giggled. „ . .. Isighed and strangled another .yawn. This-kind of thing was,not inspiriting. . I . iegan to wish myselfat home, and to make :rbsolves for the mturo. I had done so once before. . Just then a wait* ended,.and a stream ol flushed , girls glided past ine, each on her partner's arm. Of course, I smiled gaily at those I knew, and glanced at my list with a casual air. Names on it were as scarce as money.in a poor-house, bnt positively I was engaged for the next—-provided my partner did ma the honour to turn up. : ' Thank heaven he did. And to spite him, myself, and creation, I danced it right through, and felt better. By the end we were both panting, but I had the joy of ° walking out with him past a wistful group of unappropriated maidens. We sat on the : stairii, and talked the usual bosh. Was he going to the Heatons' Fancy Dress? No; 'he hadn't the luck to know them. Had I _ seen the _ pantomime ? Yes ; didn't think much of it. And so on, through the hunting ' topic and the skating topic, till a distant squeak of music gave warning of the coming laoeom. 1 '0*n I find your partner for you f ' No, thanks, I hate a square dance. I think'! won't go back into the hot room yet. It's far pleasanter here.' .. : Hesmirked, and shotatfcay. Very likely " he saw through my unconventional request. Wellj I didn't care. I was tired of my position in the ball-rodm, labelled * Left.' What I like is to.dance, and talk, and be . smiled - ftt. The. next.. three hops were I blank's; it was sickening! If Evelyn Qotioed it—and she was sun to question me •nriie would button-hols some unlu'\j youth., That I oould not sndure. built that way. 1 Iwa»u't Therefore I would not exhibit myself. Th» stairs were now practically empty. I would steal up to my room, and, sitting snugly by the fire, forget my age anc injuries in the.railway novel I had left un finished. No one need ever know; I might even win the credit of a quiet spoon, 'mash' is very nice indeed. What do you think ? . My little room was nearly at the top of the house. On the first flight of istiurs I disturbed two brace, on the seoon"&, one, and then X supposed I had got clear of fellow creatures. With half-angry relief I whisked round the next corner—to find myself mistaken ! My escape was not yet perfect. About five steps further up a young man was leaning against the : wall. I:, rather believe I should have retreated post hastelike the Boers do when fchey smell General Roberts approaching—had he not sighted me. Our eyes met, and. a queer, indescrib able thrill made my very fingers tingle. He was a stranger, however, ana I prepared to walk coolly put him. What business had he to be shirking the ball-room? There'iniut be a girl in the lace. For he was remarkably handsome . f could see that even ,in the dim light. Two brilliant eyes shone out of a thiuiace with a complexion transparent to delicacy. In the same glance an explanation of his concealment here occurred to me. Apparently by Bome error he had donned fancydress. I could distinguish 'the long brocaded vest and velvet knee-breeches, the lace Mils, and satin coat of .the early eighteenth century. The costume was a thousand times mora becoming than the ordinary study in black ami white. Still, I could well understand tinman's bashfulness and hatred of singularity, As I reached him he spoke and bowed. :.'" * Pardon me, madam, I did not think to be discovered here?:;- His 'words came slowly and with hesitation. At onoe Iset him down ; foreigner. \ 'Nor did I expect to find anyone! Gentlemen an wanted in the ball-room; aren't you going down? ' Madam, I think not.' ' Oh, thafs a pity.' I spoke for the sake of speaking, he was gazing so intently into my face. Then I took another step towards my room, but I was not yet to reach it. - 'And you, too, Madam, are a deserterf he asked. ' Well, yes,' I acknowledged, and paused. Then I turned again away.' ' What, so hasty ? Ah, dear madam, will you not a little while bear me company f I looked at him before replying. He was certainly extremely handsome, and then was a plaintive strain "in HIB low. refined voice that attracted me ^wonderfully. He seemed unable to take Ids eyes off my face. Since I liked him, what matter that we had not been introduoed t I smiled als I slowly answered— * All right; I don't mind. W« may well ait down on the ktair in the approved fashion. There's one adviurtagii In this remote spot, no one's likely to wast to get above us f -r ' I seated myself while ^speaking, and looked for him to take hisplaoe beside me, but he wasn't having any. 'Madam, I crave your forgiveness if I •tand.' I looked np and laughed, ^ A aloe masher, I thought to myself. • ;' v. 'As you choose, of <x>u»e. But it is awfullv. embarrassing—worse than in the drawing-room. You toweivabove me like a guardian angel,' I said. He smiled, but not sweetly. : On the contrary then was a grimness in.the expression at that moment that "perplexed me/: The smilefaded, and I was glad. : 'It's sinful not to. join the dancers,'. I babbletl out. 'That you've put on fancy dress is no excuse. Everyone willAee at a glance that you got mixed between this and the HetftonB' of next Thursday. Wasn't that the mistake f ' Yes,' he said, and smiled again. ' Well, then, is that your only reason for hiding up here f *• Not altogether. These many, many years I have not lived in England, and your manner of talking is difficult to me.' ' Ah, I fancied you were a foreigner. But what does that signify? People Will find you so much the more interesting. Andlyou speak excellent English,-I assure you.' .-'•-• ' Madam, it is because in your society I feel at ease. He were a sorry fool who would break away from it. Do you desire, a ball-room ? As for me, I am happier here. Happier reading in your fjaoe the faith and goodness whioh I seek and seldom find.' . ." TSlj cheeks burned. - Cariosity and syn<pati^ blended with my baahftxlndBS. As a rule I .flatter myBelf on being eloquent in small talk, but on , this occasion words did not flow. My companion oontinued— ' Did yon but know how I worship faith and goodness, nay, ADOBE them—it—you ! Alas, madam, which should I say t Until this moment he had sounded far less unoertain of his language than at first, and had he not now added the question, Us p, emphatio sarnsstiUM would have msd» me nervous and uacomfortable ' Oh, certainly ' them,' I rejoined, stealing another glance at his face. The lustuous eyes were still bent upon me, his skin appeared paler and clearer than ever. How oould I feel offended with what a man said who looked so ill and seemed so lonely ? • Are you. staying near here? I asked quickly, to turn the conversation. ' Yes, and yet again, no. My place of abode is not in this vicinity. And my time is not at my own disposal. But what I can I spend in this house, for it is home-like to me. - I am, as one might say, a relative of the Merritts. But I do not know them well; it is with other member* of the family I have been more familiar, for of late I have visited them little,' he added, with a sigh. A bitter draught from somewhere caught my bare neck and arms. I shivered sliahtly, and it reminded me of a fresh subject. 'Winter seems to be setting in. I expect you find our climate miserable.' ' On the contrary, madam, I find it agreeably refreshing. It is a change—a great change from the temperature of my—ah, my home. That, I may say, errs on the side of excessive warmth.' ' Whereabouts is it * I daresay I should enjoy it. I always fanoy I should love the Equator.' He started visibly, and an expression I could not read passed over his face. Had he foisted some hidden meaning upon my words? I could have bitten off my silly tongue. I hurried madly on lest he should •peak. 'But no doubt it is trying; you look mther delicate.' 'I suffer some pain, but there is no disease. And it will not kill me. I am further from dying than I ever was.' He spoke with extraordinary confidence. If with truth his looks belied him. Still, I had heard of the quenchless hope of m phthisical patient and oould not feel liappy. ' You have been examined by a doctor f ' To be candid, madam, I doubt the ability of the faculty to do so. You think I am in a consumption? Not so. I may rather perhaps be compared to a certain famous Burning Bush. Ha, ha ! But I thank you "for your gentle anxiety. It . is very sweet tome.' His laugh had the strangest effect; it niade me tremble. The tenderness of the words that followed only partially reassured me. ' I think I ought to go down again now ; it's hardly fair to one's partners to hide here.' ' Ah, no, no, no V he cried in the low, vehement tone he had used before. ' Stay, madam, I implore—I beseech you ! Must I say more ? If you could but know how much, how very much,' I want you to stay. Believe me, I need you. Do I appear to mock when I swear you are more to me than all the world beside ? Is there not a subtle affinity between us ? .Was I deceived when I fancied the electrical thrill which throbbed through my being at the sight of yon met with a response in your own soul ? Speak, my goddess, speak, I entreat yon 1 Tell me I am right.' : The concentrated passion in his voice awed me; the suddenness of the appeal staggered and confused me. But my common sense nvolted. What did I know of him, or he of me ? Not so much as the name. It was rash, wildly imprudent. And yet—and yet! Ho was right. I had felt the subtle affinity of whioh he spoke, It was absurd, ridicnlous ! Nevertheless, down in lby heart of hearts I knew I already loved him. His words were unutterably precious .to me. But I dared not to agree. could not contradict. So l kept silence. I let him murmur on the broken, ardent Sentences that made my heart beat high and my face glow with'a proud shame. Yes, we had loved each other at first sight. ' Preposterous I' cried common sense. ' I know it,'replied my laughing heart. 'Mad fool!'- said common sense. 'But happy fool,' rejoined my heart. And throughout that hour this strange, new-found, lover of mine did not offer so much as to touch my hand. Had he done so I would not haye resisted, but I loved him all |he better lor the eelf-control under- ' g this abstinence. Fe talked no more of climate and people. I don't think we talked much at all. But the time slid by, and I only knew I was beside him who had sucfdenly become closer, dearer to me than ever man before or since. Sudden ? Oh, yes ; it was very sudden. What of that? Am I the first? All this time the dance was proceeding. The supper passed unheeded by two people at. least, who were sublimely oblivious of such worldly concerns. Who wants supper that has the ^wsetest thoughts, and looks, and tones, to feed' upon ? . At length the rustling of many dresses aqd the high chirr <>f many women's voices came up to us, and on6e :7 more time foroed itself upon my consciousness. ' The dance must be over,'I cried. 'Guy, deer' (we had got so fur), ' I dare not answer you at once. You say you are spending the night here ; so am L Only wait till to-morrow morning for a definite reply. . . Yes, I do care for you, but the question is so great—so vital. You must let me think alone. Leave me 1 I am not asking modi. Give a* a few kmn in whioh to realiss my own feelings. Ootid abjfcfc, 6ear Ouy.' T And good sight to yov, mj heart's^ queen!' And he had gone, with never kiss or a hand-press. Trembling, dazed, but withal blissful, hurried down, to hear Evelyn asking everywhere what had become of me. She flew at me when I appeared. ' Oh, you sly puss ! You've been sitting out with a vengeance ! Now, if s no use fibbing to me, for your blushes will own it as fast as you deny it. It's positively shock ing, but if you have managed to enjoy yourself, that's the chief thing. Newly all the folk have gone; as soon as we have packed off the last we'll away to by-by. Hasn't it been successful? Every one is congratulating us". And though it's I says it as shouldn't, the ices were really eold, and the soup was really hot f CHAPTER II. I walked upstairs with my arm linked in Evelyn's, trying, but failing, to listen to her gar gossip. My head was in a whirl. What was real? What was imaginary? Where and who was Guy? If Evelyn would but cease her prattle and speak of him ! Had nobody missed him * Was he of so little account ? I felt indignant on his behalf yet I would not mention him. ' • • and to my knowledge she gave him six dances. No wonder poor old Jim was green !' We had reached my room and Evelyn announced, laughing! 'I think quizzed everyone now. But, I say, you naughty girl ' I interrupted her. I knew what WM coming, and I didn't want it. I desired that she should name Guy herself, and I tried to force it. ' Did all whom you expeoted turn up, Evelyn T ' Yes. At least I didn't miss anybody.' Then Guy must have seen Evelyn and excused himself to her. But'why did she not mention him ? Gould it be—oh, could it—that she, too, cared for Mm ? I had fancied her heart was set on another man, but there's no reckoning on girls. Where they are most, secret the danger lies. Evelyn chattered on, and I dimly heard of someone looking 'perfectly sweet' in a ravishing eau-de-nif brocade. Then she abruptly exclaimed— 'Butyou haven't given me a report of your evening. Who had the nerve to monopolise three-fourths of it T * Never you mind! 'It's seky,' as the children say. But I've enjoyed myself hugely.' ' How mysterious we are r I must unearth it somehow. Glad you've had • good time I Sleep well.'' And with a butterfly kiss and a merry laugh Evelyn vanished. She left me no wiser oonoerning Guy. But after all, why should I want to know more than that he loved me ? The business side ? Bother the business ! If I am near thirty, jny^faith and sentiment are not extinct. I was ready to chance the business side.. He was honourable. I would have staked my life on that; and nothing else mattered,; I was not penniless, nor, I felt sure, was lie. Yes, 1 was happy and content—too happy j •to sleep. I was ready for bed, had blown | my candle out, and had combed my hair in the fitful fire-light for a full half hoar. Nothing was left in the grate but a layer of glowing cinders. I fidgeted them about with the 'curate' poker, as I wont over and over in my mind my too brief ooavenation with Guy. ' A good night to you, my heart's queen r How sweetly those parting words rang in iny head. ' Yes, Guy,' I murmured, * this is indeed a good night to me.' How silly I Those two embers were not really like Guy's brilliant eyes, but they had conjured up that pale and striking face before me with wonderful vividness. What a fafce it was ! His smile only had jarred upon me as not beautiful, and I declare it held a fascination in its -bitterness. Doubtless he had gone through fiery trouble, of which I should hear, and it had left .its trace. My poor Guy! " A cinder dropped on to the hearth and died. I shivered involuntarily, and stirred the coals afresh. But the poker seemed only to kill the fire now, and I laid it aside. I started. Somebody had entered the room. I felt rather than heard that I was no longer alone. It was with a feeling akin to terror that I turned round, though I know not what I expected. Close beside me stood Guy! He was still, I could faintly perceive, in the ruffles and brocade of a Georgian gallant. My heart leaped into my throat. In the dull iced gloom his face stood out in ghastly pallor. ' What did he mean tij^this ? His conduct was exceedingly wrong, and I must ahovr him that I thought it so. In trembling amazement I arose, blushing painfully. ' Leave this room at once,' I commanded ; 'you have no business whatever to come here, and you must be aware of it. Had I conceived it possible ' ' Ah, but you did not know me, seraphic one. I forgive you ere you ask it. Come, •eat yourself and talk with me again as you did sietwhile. How oould I absent myself wbg» I Ipro * WtO; «e ewrl I ha4 regsjrd*4 my spewfc. M«*t I 4s be$f The bellrope hung by the bedside. I advanced towards it. His figure meved between me and the fire. AWD VHBOUOX I* J SAW THH BBS OOALC ! All in an instant I realised that it was no man. With a convulsion of horror I clutched the bellpull in my shaking hand. But It was before me. I saw tEe lone white fingers touoh the rope above my head as if It, too, would ring. Immediately the cord broke, and I found but the end and tassel in my grasp. I fell back with an attempt to shriek, but for a minute two gleaming orbs seemed to paralyse me. ' What a misfortune ! . We cannot sound an alarm. But at least let us make the best of it.' I rushed to the doer with a screaming sob. Bnt that terrible hand had rested on the handle befon I could reach it. It was instantlv withdrawn, but when I touched the knob it tumbled on the floor. Shuddering and helpless I sank to the gronnd. The figure stood over me, and I believed my last hour had come. Could it be that I had loved this loathly thing ? In exceeding terror and hatred I sought to cover my face with my hands. And I could not. Those glittering eyes were burning their way into my soul. And they held me. Slowly the figure bent down over me. I could not stir a finger. Then it kissed me on the lips ; and it was as if a red-hot iron were pressed upon them—or an icicle, know not which. I prepared to die. In capable of utteranoe, with a final mighty effort I traced with my finger the Sign of the Cross. There was a hellish groan, indescribable in the intensity of its horror. That was all. . . The awful It had gone, and was alone—a prisoner. A dizziness seized me and I all but fainted. Then slowly, silently, the door swung open on its own accord. Fresh terror spurred me to action, and lent me strength and speed. I fled from the room and along the dark deserted passages, not knowing whither. I went. Suddenly I ran up against a belated maid servant with a candle. Before she could go into hysterics I inquired sharply for Evelyn' room. She pointed it out to me. I burst in. Evelyn was asleep. I flung myself beside her and clung to her, sobbing and crying like a child. It was a long while before I was able to tell her in broken snatches what I had gone through. She wrapped her arms around me, kissed me, and held me tight. But she said not word. A horrid dread flashed across me. ' Evelyn, say you believe me. If you think me mad, I shall become so—or die.' ' My poor dcurling, believe you ? Of course I do. Have I not reason to V she muttered under her breath. I sprang up. 'Why, Evelyn, have you seen him—It ? Who—what is he ? If you love me, tell me everything.' ' Will you not wait until to-morrow f ' Oh, no, no. - Tell :me. now. I feel must know alL Sleep ? I think I shall never sleep again. Only keep tight hold of me. Thank heaven you are nesh and blood, Evelyn P There was silence for a minute. Then she spoke, slowly but steadily. ' It is the ghost of Guy Merritt. I hare never seen him, but others have. They say he is the curse of our fsinily, but of late the appearances have been so rare that the tale bid fair to become a mere legend. He is an anoestor of ours who lived in George L's reign, and was so bad a man folk called him ' The Devil's Squire.'' 'How do you mean? A murderer? A robberf ' Yes, for he robbed girls' souls of faith and slew their purity. He left behind him many a shameful monument. When only thirty he died in the midst of his debauchery. Tradition says he possessed a stiange, irresistible fascination ' I clutched Evelyn tighter, and my teeth chattered as she said these words. Noticing it, she hastened on— ' Well, that is all. With his dying breath he boasted of his impenitence, and passed away claiming the devil as his liege lord. Since that day his wicked spirit, clothed as of old, has from time to time haunted this house, as if seeking—oh, my dear !—to drag others after him.' Slowly the daylight crept in, and found us quivering in each other's grasp—I, haggard and deathlike, with a large white blister upon my lip. This, a door knob, and a yard of bellrope, were the sole traces of my hellish visitant. But the horror of that awful night is upon me still. HI WAS A RBAKQKH, HOWBVXB, AXD I FBKPA&XD; TO WAIJC 000LLT PAST HI*. 