GHOSTS THAT HAUNT WINDSOR CASTLE, Is England in Danger? There is a tradition that whenever England ia in danger ghosts of some of her former kings and queens walk in the lonely ohambora of Windsor Castle. Strangely enough, just as the country is agitated by tho Transvaal difficulty the uneasy shade of King Henry VI11. has been dotected in the aot of flitting about the Oitstle. There are now three ghosts of the first-olass who are reported on excellent authority to be in the habit of walking through the oorridorn and chambers of ancient Windsor. Those are : — Henry VIII., Quoen Elizabeth, Charles 1. Tlio alloyed appearanoe of Henry VIII. has been made public in a some what roundabout manner. It waa learned recontly that tho Queen had ordered the lighting of the great Stato Library of tho Castle by electricity. As the room in a very ancient one, lined with splondid woodwork of great valuo and antiquity, the work of fitting in the eleotric light wires ia a difficult and delicate one. Moreover, it was not necessary for the benefit of readers, because no one has occasion to use it at night. The news about the lighting of the library, therefore, oreated some interest, and inquiry elicited the fact that it had been ordered by the Queen at the request of some superstitious members of her family and household. The last person who saw a ghost in the- Castle was Lieutenant Arthur St. Leger Glyn, of the Grenadier GuardB, a grand son of Lord Wolverton. He is a young man of vigorous health with a matter of faot temperament, and iB said to be not at all mystical in his nature. He relates that he was in command of the guard in the interior of the Castle. It was late in the evening, and he was standing in the library. A dim light strugglod through the ancient stained glass windows. Suddenly he became aware of a figure advancing silently down the middle of the library. It came swiftly paBt him, and filled him with such fear and astonishment that he stood helpless for several moments. Than he reoovered himself, and called sternly to the intruder to explain who he was. The figure passed on without paying any attention. Lieutenant Glyn drew his sword, and thrust it at the figure. The 'word met with no resist ance. The figure went on and disappeared through the door. Lieutenant Glyn ran out, and asked a sentinel if he had seen the man who had just passed through. The sentinel replied that he had seen no one. ' Lieutenant Glyn afterwards consulted with the' librarian, and various old officials, and told them what ho had seen. The figure, as well as he oould remember, wbb that of a man in sixteenth century dress. He wore long hose and a doublet, which appeared to be richly decorated. He was of tremendously heavy build, and great girth. His features were bloated, and wore an ex pression of anguish. MoBt of the Castle officials with whom Lieutenant Glyn consulted agreed that he had seen the ghost of King Henry VIII., whose appearance has been reported at rare intervals in the Castle. Lieutenant Glyn admitted that all he had seen tended to confirm this view. It is astonishing to find bo many people of high position, and presumably high intelligence in England, who give credence to these ghost stories. Princes and prinoesBes, army officers, high dignitaries of the Church, and Court officials do not question these super natural appearances in Windsor OaBtlo. Many of these persons give oiroum Bluntial accounts of apparitions they witnessed. When Lieutenant Glyn's story became known it was decided that tho ghosts were becoming too numerous, and a menace to peaoe and comfort. Of course, they cannot be prevented from walking in the small hours of the morning, but that they should disturb modern ladies and gentlemen early in the evening is intolerable. The Queen was, therefore, petitioned to have the library lighted by eJeotricity, and gave her consent. It is not supposed that the ghost of a six teenth century king will care to appear in the eleotric light. It is only two years ago since Mr. Holmes, tho librarian of Windsor Castle, reported the appearance of another ghust'in this library. He was reading there, when he became aware of a mysterious presence. He looked, and saw a woman wearing a coronet, an im mense ruff, a stomacher covered with jewels, and a voluminous akirt. Ho at once recognised that it was Quoen Elizabeth. She was wringing her hands, and her faoe wore an expression of fear. Mr. Holmes followed the apparition, but it disappeared through- a door, and a woman who was outside said that she had seen no one. The Empress Frederick of Germany, oldest daughter of the Queen, declares that she saw the ghoBt of Queen Eliza beth in tho library when she was a child. In tho library there is a gallery which was built by Queen Elizabeth. Its windows look out on the terrace of tho Castle. Here the Queen used to walk, and devise schemes of statecraft. There iB at least one other ghost in Windsor. The Dean of Windsor, who is also chaplain to the Queen', is not sure whether Henry VIII. or Queen Elizaboth haunts the Castle, but he does know that the spirit of King Charles I. is to be seen annually in the vicinity. The ghost of tho beheaded monarch is reported to visit an ancient hoUBO in tho Canon's Close, whioh is a dependency of the Castle. Mrs. Boyd-Oarpenter, wife of the Bishop of Bipon, whose husband was formerly a Canon of Windsor, occupied this house. She states that on Juno 26 she heard the ghost walk 'upstairs and open a door, but did not see it. After wards ehe learned that June 26 was the night on whioh the unhappy monarch was roputed to visit' the house every year. One .cannot imagine a more suitable locality for ghosts than Windsor Castle. It has been the residenco of every English monarch since William tho Oonquoror, and had seen more- than eight hundred years of splendour, blood, crime, romance, and tragody. It was built by William the Conqueror shortly after 1066. St. George's Ohapol, which is attached to it, was finished by Henry VII., father of Hunry VIII., whoso ghost is reported to have been soen 