IN FRONT AND BEHIND. (By Valentine Day.) THE WEEK'S PROGRAMME. The Criterion—The Royal Pardon. Her Majesty's—A Mixed Bill. The Royal—Carmen, Bohemian Girl The Tivoli—Lottie Collins. The Lyceum—The Shaughraun. The Palace—A Message from Mars. The Town Hall—Organ Recitals. Cyclorama—Jerusalem and Illusions. Much work and some headache combined to prevent me up till the time of writing from visiting Mus grove's Italian opera in English Company. Bold advertisement has, of course, demanded long and gush ing notices in return, but, judged on what I hear and reading between the lines, it appears to me that the musi cal features of the season are likely to be Slapoffski's orchestra of 40 strong and the chorus of 50 fine, fresh, well- trained Australian voices. No doubt the present combination of principal voices is equal in quality to that of '93, when Del Torre, Giraud, and Caruson were so successful in Caval leria Rusticana, I Pagliacci, and L'Amico Fritz and failed so con spicuously in Faust by comparison with their predecessors. At all events, it seems certain if we run over the names of the principals in the three opera companies imported by the late Martin Simonsen that these now under review—except perhaps Miss Jansen—suffer by comparison. In 1886-7 Simonsen imported Ciuti, Rebottaro, Cavalleria, Santinelli, Lazzarini, Pimazzoni, Buzzi, D'Alba, and Tagliavia. In '89 Simonsen brought along the com pany which broke up so dis astrously and which included Lilian Tree; Aimo; Lablache; St. Clair; W. Walshe; Dimitresco; Pimaz zoni; and Buzzi. To these were added in Australia the beautiful fresh voice of Frances Saville. In '91-2, Simonsen imported a very fine company which was shamefully neglected by the music lovers of this country. It was headed by Mdme. Cuttica, a particularly fine vocalist and an accomplished actress. With her were associated, Guidotti; Caval leria; Cuttica; Vilalta; Melossi; Sisco; and Travaglini. In my opinion the farewell concert held in the Town Hall by these artists was the finest yet given in that building. No doubt the staging during the present season is superior to anything of the Simonsen regime. For my part that presents few attractions to me. For beautiful scenery I prefer to go to nature. As for fine costumes and upholstery they are to be seen in the shop windows. I would prefer to have more melody and less tinfoil. The following is the cast of Il Trovatore—Leonora, Cecil Lorraine; Azucena, Agnes Jansen; Manrico, Umberto Salvi; Il Conte di Luna, Max Eugene; Ferrando, Chas. Tilbury; Inez, Maud Harring ton; Ruiz. Hector Lightfoot. The second cast was introduced on Tues day. It comprises—Marguerite, Lilian Coomber; Siebel, Mary Lynne; Martha, Enriquetta Crichton; Faust, Louis Arens; Valentine, Lawrence Mooney; Mephistopheles, Charles Tilbury. Next week they play Car men possibly and The Bohemian Girl. Adam Pierre's version of Alex ander Dumas' The Three Mus keteers—described by Thackeray as the finest novel ever written—is not a bad one. The writer, however, by placing one or two strong scenes in some other hands has actually so stinted the chances of D'Artagnan that on the whole Miladi has at least equal opportunities. This is the third version of the historical romance seen here during the year and it holds its own very fairly with the others. But one or two scenes might with advantage be curtailed or omitted, and scarcely enough has been made of the situation where Miladi is con fronted by Buckingham ere crossing to France. Of course, such a character as the jovial, easy-going, choleric D'Artagnan is right into the hands of Alfred Dampier. Lily Dampier's Miladi may be accounted one of her great suc cesses—coming in importance only after her Lady Macbeth, in which she gave me a genuine surprise. Alfred Rolfe as Athos played earnestly and with considerable force. John Forde, as was to be expected, somewhat exaggerated the comedy side of the character of Porthos. But the comedy of the play throughout was excellent, and George Buller, warmly welcomed back to the stage, gave a clever impersonation of Plan chet, a comical serving man. I liked the innkeeper of Edmond Hol loway better than his Richelieu— though he has not a very big chance in either. Rose Dampier made an excellent Constance Bonacieux and Katherine Russell played Anne of Austria with becoming dignity. Mr. Campbell painted some fine scenery for the production—an elm-tree avenue being very beautiful. Mr. Dampier believes in quick changes and Henry Pettitt's A Royal Pardon goes up to-night. The Bulletin's tired and tiresome young man critic says that Lottie Collins—whose new frock is of coral pink satin—is getting old, is a waning star, and that 'it is only her exuber ant vitality (the exuberance of old age?) the polished finish of her work, and the masterly way in which she handles her skirts which make her what she is.' Which is true no doubt, just as it is also true that if it were not for its odor and its color the rose would be a diminutive cabbage. The Billytin's babbler then further shows the utter worthlessness of his judgment by saying that Jessie Wil liams, a dancer whom if you see once you see always, is a better draw than Lottie! Pshaw, likewise Pish! Tush! Bah! and Bunkum! Frank Leon's voice has certainly improved wonder fully since he first came here—over three years ago. He has a rattling good song in The Baby's Name, and his third song, an old favorite of his —She Dances in the Panto, went better than ever. Frank says he has not danced in the clogs for nine months, but I couldn't see any flaws in the Lancashire lad's footwork. Lizzie Kirk sings in the old quiet and effective way. Doubtful Rather is a great song. Better One than Yours is a sure take, and our old friend The Shop Girl was enthusias tically welcomed back. Ernest Sul livan sings nicely Sally in Our Alley —an evergreen and always sweet ballad. Belle Solomon dances smartly and is full of go. Stella Ranger tenderly warbles The Sweetest Story Ever Told, and Ida Holbein, an artist on the mandolin, looked down from the circle with approval while Stella twanged the strings last Saturday. Howard Chambers might get more with his fine voice out of Queen of the Earth. Tod Callaway seems to be imitating Bain. Florrie Ranger does not improve. She still walks on the inside of her shoes and grabs her skirts convulsively with both hands as if that emphasised her staccato notes. Harry Gray does fairly well, but his is not quite the star turn of the show, no matter what the Billy tin's greenhorn may say. The Pat terson Bros'. turn is always good to look on. Jalvan's dove act is very pretty, but Stri Webb Tokey Jarro must be over-handicapped by her name. She is about the slowest as sistant a juggler ever had. The Bulletin's senior critic con tinued last week to prop up McKee Rankin's Macbeth by arguing as if the sole objections to it were founded on the actor's unsuitable appearance. Now our objections to the Bulletin's criticisms are not founded on any dislike to the appearance of their writer—a fatal objection, of course, if tenable—but to their crankiness and unreliability. And, of course, all sane condemnations of Rankin's Macbeth were based on the fact that his reading was commonplace when it was not ludicrous, and that he was always husky when not perfectly in audible. Rankin has, however, some excuse—he was forced much against his will into the position, either by Williamson's objection to engage George Rignold for the part, or by Nance O'Neil's unqualified refusal to permit Mr. Rignold to be starred equally with her. Of course, the great George was bound to refuse such an impudent proposal and a subordinate position to the American novice. Probably, Miss O'Neil's attitude arose from a dread that this vigorous and earnest tragedian would out act her. If not, then the lady need not have been so haughty. In reputation, finish, knowledge of the craft, and experience Mr. Rignold stands over her as does a full-grown oak above a sapling. In force and intensity, he is at least her peer, if not her superior. By the way, it is said that the Nance O'Neil season was shortened by a week owing to the lady showing such signs of overwork that she was ordered to take a spell at the Blue Mountains and the Hot Lakes. During the week she has been playing Camille, The School for Scandal, La Tosca, East Lynne, Queen Elizabeth, and Fedora. To day she plays Carmille in the after noon and a mixed bill in the evening. She opens at Auckland on December 26th. Her Majesty's will be closed for a fortnight in order to get the panto. ready. Fun on the Bristol was not so strongly cast as hitherto for its six nights' season at the Lyceum. Gracie Whiteford stood down for a much-needed spell and her place was nicely filled by Florrie Barns—a young lady whose vivacity needs toning down from experience. The Living Pictures were the big feature of the variety after part. Among certain revivals of old time successes was The Kitchen Band in which Mr. Sheridan played The Tramp and fol lowed on by singing I'm Waiting For Him To-night, in the character of an old haybag. Mdlle. Provina, the lady juggler, has joined the com pany. Mr. Anderson will stage The Shaughraun this evening. As I said before, Mr. Sheridan will repeat an ancient success as Conn He will be supported by L. Dunbar as Captain Molyneaux, Mr. Duggan as Harvey Duff, Stirling Whyte as Father Doolan, F. Crossley as Robert Ffol liott, Florrie Barnes as Moya, Maud Gwynne as Clare Ffolliott, and C. Mavis as Arte O'Neil. It is still probable that The Topsy-Turvy Club will be the Christmas production. The landlord of Melbourne Her Majesty's spent a good bit of money on it, they say, for Williamson. Well it is time he had something done for the Pitt-street house, which is the most dingy, ill-ventilated and badly-entered in the Queen City of the South. Indeed its patrons are badly catered for. All its entrances, even to the dress-circle, are narrow and ill pitched. And when you arrive, say in the family circle, you are squeezed up, except you get right in front, on a wooden plank with your head against the ceiling and some one's boots on your bustle and your feet in the small of some other fellow's back. In order that you may thoroughly understand what is going on, the management generously allot y u one programme among three. Then, during the acts, a squash-vendor at the back mixes his poisons and Duncan dies to the slosh-woozle of lemon juice and water in a tin funnel. Between acts, a howling hawker of drinks walks between the rows on your knees or your kidneys and in passing occasionally gives you a gratuitous shower-bath when his ginger-beer is up. That is when you get in. But before you get in, should it rain, you may be kept outside for ten minutes after the advertised time—in the in terests of early doors. At the Palace during the week the Australian artists engaged for A Message From Mars have been busy at rehearsal under the control of Percy Walshe. I called round the other day to have a look at the mar vellous scenery painted for the pro duction by Mr. Whaite. While there, Mr. Skinner assured me that this pretty play house since the en largement of the gallery—it now seats 850—would seat easily 1,500 persons. Mr. Hawtrey, having re turned from Adelaide by the Omrah with the imported artists, will now resume control of things in order to be ready for the opening on Decem ber 22nd. Musgrove's opera company plays in Sydney for eight weeks and pro duces during that period seven operas—Il Trovatore, Faust, Carmen, The Bohemian Girl, Lohengrin, Mari tana and Tamhauser—the latter for the first time in Australia. The company then proceeds to Brisbane for a brief season, thence to Adelaide. Returning to Melbourne, Un Ballo In Maschera, Cavalleria Rusticana, and I Pagliacci may be played. West Australia, New Zealand and Tasmania may be visited just to keep the chorus together until Mr. Mus grove returns from Europe with new principals and new operas. Alice Simmonds does not seem to have done too well in England. Emmie Morrison has given up the profession altogether. Rae Cowan and Sam Austin are engaged for three years on the Moss- Thornton tour. Cowan and Austin do a wholly different turn to what they did out here. They'd need to. Carrie Moore replaced Ada Win ston-Weir as Murielle and Maud Chetwynd became Patatout. Some London music-hall managers are fully booked ahead for six years yet to run. Sam Austin says that Vesta Tilley and Dan Leno are London's greatest favorites. The Garrisons, who come out to Rickards in 1902, are a marvellous pair in sketches. Colley and Way, who come to Rickards in 1902, do a clever and novel ventriloquial turn. Billie Barlow, a spectacular display only, is now at Adelaide Tivoli. She will draw for a time. Emmonds, Emmerson, and Em monds have joined St. John, by arrangement with Rickards. Cora Cassellis returns to the Tivoli shortly, and Marie Lloyd joins Rickards in April. Nance O'Neil has a fortnight's spell at the Blue Mountains (N.S.W) and the Hot Lakes of New Zealand. The Hawtrey Comedy Co. arrived in the Omrah yesterday and were publicly welcomed. Mark Twain, in collaboration with Sydney Rosenfeld, writes a play for Dan Frohman. Ted Faust's acrobatic family, now in America, are doing exceedingly well in that country. George Musgrove has gone off since he left Australia. He looks puffy, bloated, and in bad condition. Said that a number of Marshall Hall's best pupils are in Musgrove's choruses. It is said that Marion Medway re turns to England, hoping to find Old Women in demand there. Nellie Stewart has a daughter—age uncertain—who proposes to go on the stage 'When Mother's dead!' Quiz says that some of Dampier's folk chaffed George Buller about his illness. Too serious for chaff W. R. Sinnotte booked the Min tons, Verey and Geeves—lately with Sheridan—and Eileen Capel for Brisbane. Frank Weathersby has sold to William Anderson the Australasian right of The Ladder of Life and Two Little Drummer Boys. Violet Ludlow was laid aside by illness in August, but is again tour ing England and Scotland with the Coldstreams. Angelo Mascheroni has put Clifton Bingham's So Runs My Dream to appropriate music for Violet Ludlow. They want to make out that Nance O'Neil's hotel bill at the Australia is £50 weekly. Rot! Williamson's Christmas panto, or spectacular extravaganza, is to be called The City of Zero, or by some such silly and meaningless name. Owing to its hurried withdrawal, Macbeth could not have paid a big divvy. It was a poor draw after the first week. Some say that Staplee takes action against the D.T. because of a wire from its Cowra correspondent. The rush to engage seats at the Royal for first night of the opera by alleged ladies and gentlemen was more disgraceful than anything ever seen on the gallery stairs. Quiz says that Fred Gunther was a Collingwood bootmaker before he took Hugo out or joined Dampier. Adelaide Quiz says that Nance O'Neil has lost a diamond bracelet— given her by Rankin. Biz is too good for such losses. Quiz states that Gracie Whiteford's When the Boys Come Home was a big go in A Trip to Chicago. It was a most dreary failure. Foreman and Fannan with their wives, Olive Delroy and Rose Abbott, were recently showing at Bristol, England. Ada Willoughby now advertises herself as The Australian Comedienne —this after playing a six months' season in the country! Baby Capel, who has just con cluded a season with Sheridan and left for Brisbane, is to my mind much superior to the boomed but wearisome Baby Parkes. The Anderson Sisters found it difficult to get a lengthy engagement in London—managers being booked far ahead—and so left for America. ON THE ROAD. It is said that Sir Arthur Sullivan's Irish opera was completed ere he died. Ivanhoe was his most ambitious effort, and it was a dead failure. A St. Petersburg entrepreneur re fused to pay his British ballet on the ground that their legs were not up to sample as per photograph. George Dolby, who got £3000 from Dickens as bonus on the net profits— £20,000—of his American reading tour, died in a British workhouse. George Dolby was much liked by Dickens. His sister was a great contralto some 30 years ago. She married Sainton the violinist. On the stage, Mrs. Gerald Coventry is known as Beatrice Lennox. When last here she played Kissie Fitz garter in The Belle of New York. George Musgrove says that his opera season was the greatest, bar the Bernhardt season, ever played in Mel bourne—an exception I insisted on. In Melbourne the Grand Opera Co. played five operas in six weeks. In Sydney, Musgrove stages seven operas in eight weeks. It can hardly be true that Madame Alva was left a fortune. Anyhow she sings in afternoon concerts at the Chatelet and Nouveau theatres at Paris. Next year she goes to America. Gerald Coventry studied under the elder Lamperti and was once O'Oyley Carte's principal tenor. For six years, except when on tour, he has been stage director to Geo. Lederer at New York Casino. The book and lyrics of Williamson's panto are by Espinasse ; the music and marches mainly by Caron and Wierter. Gordon and Dixon, as I said before, paint the scenery, and Mrs. Grundy bastes the duds to gether. George Rignold left last week for Launceston with a company which was most inadvisedly made up in the main of mere amat urs. I have already mentioned their names and repetition is needless Edwin G. Geach—now managing Donald Macdonald—was an amateur in his youth and came out of the St. Kilda club, which also produced the late Scot Inglis. His first mana gerial success was with the Sapio- Urso concert tour. Since then he has taken on Carl Herz, Dante, and others. His sister, Portia, is an artist of promise. Messrs. Hendy and Hughes of the Lyceum Theatre are about to place on the market a Comonwealth Badge. The design, which is beautifully executed, represents the red rose of England on a blue ground. In the topmost bloom, just opening, is cradled The Young Queen—the name for Federated Australia which Kipling borrowed from Parkes. The other buds, six in number, represent the various States of the Union. The Bulletin as news recently put in a par which appeared in The Elector about six months ago about a bellman singing out 'Misthur Limon, champeen fruitherer av-the- wurruld.' It was told originally of a mining town ; it is now located at Armidale. Valentine Day has set on foot a lot of pars which voyage the globe and are then eagerly picked up by the Billytin, as if, like Madeira, they had gained flavor from a sea voyage. Nellie Stewart's sisters, Ducy (Theodosia) and Maggie, were daughters of Guerin—once conductor at the Vic—and therefore were her half sisters. But Richard, being son to old Dick Stewart, is her full brother. Docy's first husband was named Collins. About 10 years ago she married the late H. R. Harwood. She was a good-natured and kindly woman, and had a sweet small voice. Maggie s stage usefulness was chiefly limited to the display of a straight and somewhat shapely leg. The family toured the world with Garnet Walch's Rainbow Revels in 1876 or thereabouts. The cocky Edmund Fisher of Melbourne lost £5 to another fellow who defeuded Ibsen against his venomous and windy attacks, by bet ting that sum with the Ibsenite that A Doll's House was published in 1859 or previously. It appears that Fisher was misled by Cassell's Store house of General Information which appears to have confounded Norma or a Politician's Love (1859) with the Nora of a Doll's House (1879). Fisher is about the first Bulletin man on record who ever was so cornered that he couldn't in some way wriggle out of a mistake. Willie Williams writes from Lon don to W. R. Sinnotte to say that he has been showing in Scotland and Ireland, and at the time of writing was doing a ten weeks' season in London ere leaving for the provinces. He cares little for that city, however, and expresses the opinion that for ways and looks none of the English girls approach a Miss — —who he supposes is now performing in New Zealand. Mr. Williams speaks highly of Ted Box, now with Jones and Lawrence in W.A. After a week's consideration of The Scarlet Feather, Melbourne is of opinion that in translation from the French of La Petite Marie much of the curl and a good deal of the scarlet have been taken out of Lecocq's opera. Nellie Stewart appears, how ever, to be in her old form. None seem to rave about the new folks. Emmie Owen, the little pigeon of a soprano, will do better in a better part. Mrs. Calhaem is likely to be useful in broad comedy parts. Charles Seguin is not a strikingly funny low comedian. Joseph Tapley sings as well as ever but has not improved as an actor. Cinderella follows for Christmas at the Princess. In the Kendals' biography, T. Edgar Pemberton tells of how he once adapted to the English stage a marked Parisian success, and how Mr. Piggott, licenser of plays, refused to license it. Mr. Pemberton assured the censor that there was no harm in it. Mr. Piggott did not agree, and at last the author said: 'But my wife, who has never seen the French original, considers this to be a most interesting and thoroughly innocent play.' 'Then,' said Mr. Piggott, bringing the interview to an end, 'if I were in your place, my good friend, I should give up adapting French plays and stay at home to look after my wife.' Says the blundering Billytin of Williamson's panto.: 'Edith Howley, Geo. Robey (Mr. Hilda Spong), both from England, and Fred. Sinclair, late of Sheridan's, play leading chara cters.' In the first place, who is Edith Howley? Secondly, George Robey is not Mr. Hilda Spong but is husband to Ethel Heydon, the nice little Melbourne songstress whose dad —a publican whose fad was coursing —published a volume of sporting reminiscences. Further, Robey is under engagement to Rickards and dare not come out to Williamson. By the way, Irene Franklin's Bris bane engagement was made through Rickards but the terms of her agree ment do not, as usual with Harry's stars, preclude her from playing in Australasia. She may do a speciality in Williamson's panto, ere going to New Zealand. Following the example of J. L Sullivan in Honest Hands and Willing Hearts, Bob Fitzsimmons swings a hammer in The Honest Blacksmith. There is a mortgage of 5000 dollars on on his old home and just as he is in dire straights for the money, another fighter challenges him for that sum. His wife, also in the cast, then says, 'I release you from your promise, Bob; fight that man' (Tremendous applause.) The next act shows Bob in training. Here the villain arrives and asks Fitz to fight a cross, pointing out to him that a fortune can be realised if Bob will do as he suggests. Fitzsimmons thereupon hurls the villain through a window, exclaiming, after he has done so : 'I never sold a fight in my life, and I'm too old to begin now.' The fourth act shows Fitz's departure for the fight. After he has gone the villain returns and tells Mrs. F. that he is knocked out. But she sees the fight in a vision, also seen by the audience, when the Fitzsimmons Ruhlin films are worked accross the calcium light. Redford, the Lord Chamberlain, has refused to sanction in London the performance of Ibsen's Ghosts in German by the German Dramatic Society. The French papers, mixing things up, state that Joseph Cham berlain is not only Minister for the Colonies but also Censor of Plays. In an article headed Chamberlain- Macbeth, the Dix-Neuvieme Siecle, says:—Chamberlain is not fond of the living, having made so many corpses whose bones whiten at the foot of the kopjes of the Transvaal and the Orange Free State. He likes ghosts still less, and will not allow them to approach him. A luckier man than Macbeth, Mr. Chamberlain has the power to prevent the spectre of Banquo from seating itself at his side. Mr. Chamberlain is a happy man. Theodore Roosevelt, candidate for the American Vice-Presidency, while at school was expected to recite on examination day, a poem called Marco Bozzaris. The first few lines run something like this: At midnight in his guarded tent The Turk lay dreaming of the hour When Greece, her knees suppliant bent, Should tremble at his power. As Teddy's turn came nearer and nearer his buoyant nature became more and more depressed. 'Theodore Roosevelt,' called out the master. The limp youth walked painfully up to the platform, made a bow, and began:— Marco Bozzaris. At midnight in his guarded tent, The Turk lay dreaming of the hour When Greece, her knees— Here memory failed him. 'Greece, her knees—Greece, her knees —Greece, her knees—' At this point the master, unable to resist the temptation, interrupted: 'Grease her knees once more, Theodore, then maybe she will go!' Walter Cottier writes a lengthy epistle to the editor of The News letter from Auckland and natur ally it has fallen into the hands of Valentine Day. Mr. Cottier and Miss Amy Blackie—star of the Sunday concerts 16 years ago—are with Fuller and Sons who have, as we have repeatedly stated, four com panies going in Kauriland. One at Auckland, one at Wellington, one at Christchurch, and one on tour along the West Coast. Mr. Cottier is hungering and thirsting for a look at The Newsletter and wants it for warded regularly to him. Frank Clark opened with Dix at the City Hall, Auckland, on the 19th ult. Amy Blackie has made a big hit with Only a Leaf, which has been nightly called for all through her New Zealand engagement. Wal. Cottier is doing well with his patter specialities and has made a deep dint at the Agricultural Hall with Is there Anything Else you'd Like? Fred W. Duval leaves Pollard's opera company and joins P. R. Dix's companies as general manager. The following letter—addressed to Valentine Day from Tattersall's Hotel, Sydney—confirms my state ment concerning the true name of G. V. Brooke—made in The News letter of 24/11/00. Writes Mr. Charles Verner:— 'Glancing over your racy paper I see in the dramatic column reference to the great Broke's real name. In Pape's Theatre, St. Louis, U.S.A., is an oil painting, taken from life, labelled Gustavus Vaughan Brooke. This life-like painting hangs in the vestibule, or did during Charles Pape's lesseeship of many years—it is now in the custody of Pape's heirs. Pape was an American tragedian who once visited this country and was a worshipper of Brooke. Brooke was a Dublin man, being son of a clergyman, and was educated, I believe, at Trinity College. To relate a story anent the name—I was once holder of a wager between an Irish gentleman and a German who was caricaturist on Puck, the New York illustrated weekly. The Ger man claimed that his name was Gustavus von Brooke. Lester Wal lack, of Wallace's Theatre, then on Broadway and 13th-street, was to decide. Wallack, who was a grand son of Handsome Johnstone, the favorite Dublin actor, and a warm admirer as well as personal friend of Brooke's, thus replied: 'The great histrionic genius, drowned in the London en route to Australia, was known to all in his day as Gustavus Vaughan Brooke.' — Truly yours, 26/11/00. Charlie Verner.' A well-known melodramatic actor had the following sent to him the other day: 'Take warning by this. For a long time I have bore your actshuns with pashunts, and so has many others. Your a dirty sneake and a skoundrel. I dont see how the folks wot runs the theatre puts up with your actshans. The way you percekute that poor young lady every week is outragous, and I want you to stop. If you dont i will lay for you when you come out of the theatre sum nite and soke you.' Perhaps no place of amusement and instruction has had the extraordinary run of patronage that the Cyclorama has had. The reason this standard place of pastime and profit is always fresh and attractive is explained by the extra exhibitions in the 'Hall of Illusions,' where sights are seen which to the ordinary mortal are simply in credible. A modest shilling admits to everything. 