HOW GENTLEMAN JIM LAID THE GHOST. BY LILIAN MILLER. tiong Gully was haunted. At least, so the miners said. There were queer sounds in the deep hollows aud rocky clefts at times, and Cornish Bill, coming home from the lied Lion late one night, declared he saw the ghost itself. Certainly, Long Gully ?was lonesome aud weird enough for any number of ghosts. It was gloomy in the cheerful light of day; but at night, with the shadows lying tiuek upon the hilltops and the mist clinging to the pinewoods and .hovering above the ravines, it was a place to be avoided, and Cornish Bill never pass ed it on his way home after dark without a furtive glance or two over liis shoulder, in spite of the chaff bestowed upon him by iliis less superstitious chum, Gentleman Jim. Jim was-not exactly what one might ex pect from the name. He was big and brown, with curly hair and honest blue eyes. He wore a gay scarlet tie and a white shirt on rare occasions and on Sun days, though as fnr as the whiteness was concerned there is not much to say, for Jim's laundry work was none of the best. However, these were luxuries that most of ihe men at Long Gully considered rather genteel, so they called the big miner "Gen tleman Jim," and the name had etuclc to him. It wanted but little more than a week to Dhr'istmas, and Cornish Bill was busily en gaged on this particular evening at turning a good sized damper for supper, while Gentleman Jim, with a far away look in his blue eyes, sat staring into the camp fire, heedless of the fact that his pipe had fallen into the ashes and that Bill was regarding him with a broad grin. '"What be it, .lein'r'5 he enquired at last. "Be "ee thinkiu' 'bout lvuth Hazel ngen Jim started guiltily. "You git out," he said shortly "an' don't ask no questions." Cornish Bill laughed. "Her be pratty gnrl, Jem,,'' he said, "durned pratty, eh":" "What do you know about it," grt>wled Jim. "Why, you swore ole Durdin s Kate was the prettiest dona all round when you first got your eye on her; an' she's got a mouth like a 'possum tnap, an' squints like blazes. 3)o you recollect the night you «-.:s three sheets nn' kissed Kate, an' how thfl ole man chucked you out?" Bill went very red in the firelight. "Naw call tew to go chewin' they things ovar," he said sulkily. Then, with a laugh, ''May be youm get chucked out, tew, ef ole Hazel ketch youm." Jim did not reply, and after supper he strolled off to soothe his ruffled feelings i\'ith a mug of ale at the Red Lion. Some how, Bill's allusion to his thoughts had riled him. Thinking of Ruth Hazel to be ?uit? he wis. For the last three months ae had thought of nothing else. j'eter Hazel was one of the new over seers-a gaunt, grey-faced man, fond of hooks, and much given to solitary evening rambles. His daughter Ruth seemed to have inherited his reserved nature, for she seldom went beyond her own home. A "stuck up" the 'Women of Long Gully eall pd her; "too line to mix wi' common folk." Kot so the men, and Gentleman Jim was among the firsfc to fall a. victim to the fair Granger's charms; and he had tried every dodge, as ire put it, to increase her interest in himself. Every Sunday did he array himself in his scarlet tie, and stroll past the house where his divinity dwelt in the hope of catching a glimpse of the demure little face with its soft dark eyes, and as sure as he neared the house Cornish BUI would pop around the opposite corner, his black hair oiled until it shone like polish ed ebony, and a leer 011 his face that sent a feeling of jealous anger clean tlirougu Jim's body. WVhere do you go trackin' to, anyhow? he demanded of Bill, one evening when the feeling was extra strong. "What be that teu du wi' youm," ; was Die aggravating answer. "Be youm th' ouy moil in these parts?" "Go on, you thunderi*' fool, roared Jim, his face as red as his Sunday tis. Then, changing his tone "Look here, 1 ain't goin' to stand you sncakin' round. Jist keep off, will you, ami let my belongin's alone." Bill leered maliciously, "ller doant belong tcu youm yet," said he. "An' 1 be sa guid lookin' cliap as youm." § There was no gainsaying it, Cornisb Bill, with liis black eyes and ruddy face, was a i;ood looking chap, and oh, torturing idea, perhaps Ruth Hazel thought so too. Jim was plunged in despair, but he vowed to himself that, come what might, he wounl (urn the tables upon Bill, l'ortune seemed to favour him, for the very next day lie met the dream of his life coming out of a policial store, off came his hat m a tnce. Kh" bowed and smiled, and was passing ori, when a sudden gust of wind caught the pink iuii hat she wore. She made a hasty move ment to keep it from being carried away, and the basket containing her purchases somehow upset, and these were scattered m the roadwav. Jim got down on his knees and gathered them up, and when he handed her :>ack tlic b-isket, the shy eyes looked at ium with a smile that set his heart beating like a trip hammer. "Say," he stammered, when they were parting with a mighty determination to sink or swim, "Won't you go for a stroll with me some evenin'? "Do," he pleaded, as slie shook her head, venturing to look into the dark eyes. "I cannot promise yet, she said shyly, and hastened away. lie watched her until she -was out of sight. Then lie turned his face campward with a blissful sense of happiness, and the comfort ing knowledge that lie 'had turned the tables upon Bill at. last. One evening just after Gentleman Jim's meeting with Ruth Hazel, Cornish Bill had gone down to the Red Lion, and so enter taining did the company prove that the clock liad gone 10 before lie rose to leave. Coming home he began to sing liis favourite song, "The girl 1 left behind me," and was la untiling out pily when lie caugilit siglit of some white object moving slowly among the pine woods. He stopped short in his song, and his knees began to quake under him as lie remembered the ghost. The figure dis appeared for a moment, then the moonlight revealed it again pacing slowly as before. For one brief second Cornish ? Bill stood Ftaring in frozen horror. Then, with a gasp. he turned and lied. "Hallo! What's up, anyhow?" cried Gen tleman Jim, pausing in the act of gulling off liis boot as Bill tumbled in at the door. You look as if you 'had eeen the devil, man." "Oh, Loord; I've a-seed worsen he," gasp ed Bill, sinking down breathlessly; "lv' a peed thicey dioast agen. Iss," as Jim cave an incredulous whistle, "as eure as I be .year-'tSver thicey ghoa&t.;" Jim whistled agaun, "Lcwk here," eaid he, "last time you see that gliost you was dond drunk. Now, are you drunk agen or aiat you?" Bill lifted a shaking hand in protest. "I be sober as youm be, Jem, am' I seed 'u.n ea plain es I see youm theer, Oh, Loord," he cried with a scared look .towards the door, .-"what be tbicey?" " It was only a great grey kangaroo that dame hopping silently out of the shadows and disappeared. as silently into the sha dows again. But Bill's nerves were in such a 'shaky state that he was quite ready _ to imagine it was the ghost, and stood staring in horrified expectation-. "Git to bed, Bill," said his mate, laugh ing, "git to bed ana sleep it off. Ole Dur din s prime lies got to your top story, that's all." With which advice Gentleman Jim turn ed over in his bunk, and Bill was not long in obeying, though lie lay shivering for long after the peaceful snores from his friend's corner told that he was in the land of dreams. . But the story of Cornish Bill's friglit got abroad in Long Gully, and he Was quizzed and chaffed until, finding that the boys only regarded his story as the simple outcome of a muddled head, he turned upon them with a volley of strong language, and elid ed by offering to bet any man his month 3 grog'if that man could prove the ghost a make up. _ "Done with vou, Oorney, cried Gentle man Jim. " I bet I'll lay that ghost quick an' lively." And then he added with a laugli, "I'll treat you all round, boys." - "Good, fur ye, Gentleman," growled long Harry March. "You lay the ghost, an' git the odds. Ony, I'm afeared it'll turn out to be nothin' more'n Flanagan's white heifer, .or," with a sly wink, "Kate Dur din's nightcap." The boys nudged each other and laughed as Cornish Bill walked off, but even they had to admit later that lie-had some rea son to believe in the ghost. Christmas Eve arrived, and every one felt a desire to celebrate it in some fashion. Jim, declining to join the merry party at the Red Lion, took his gun from the corner where it stood behind his bunk and set off alone. "Whar be gwan?" called Bill after hiui, as he left the camp. "Out to the lagoon to git a wild duck for to-morrow," was the cheery reply as lie strode away. "I'll git a couple lor us, an','' he added under his breath, "a couple for ole Hazel." Alas, poor Jim. "By jingo, there's no one home," muttered he, as three hours later he stood at the door of Hazel's cottage with a brae3 of plump birds dangling from his gun. A chill of disappointment seizc-d him as he 'turned away. , . "I'll bring cm over m the mornin , lie said to himself, handling the duc-k-; thought fully, "an' maybe"-here he flushed up guiltily-"the ole nian'll invite me to din lleiv'' . He was halfway home, and thinking of to-morrow, when down in the gully a glim mer of white moved among the pine woods,. and a queer, creepy feeling ran down his spine as he stopped to watch it. "Great Scott," he muttered, "what's (ll'clt The glimmer grew until, what looked like a tall, white figure emerged from the shadows. The ghost breathed. Jim felt all his contempt for Cornish Bill vanish as he gripped his gun. He stood still, facing the apparition, and the two from the dis tance seemed to take stock of each other. Then the figure began to move rapidly to wards him. There was a dreadful pause as the moonlight showed the unmistakable ghostliness of the thing, and Jim, with a muttered "Here goes," raised the gun and fired point blank. The report rang out sharp on the still air, followed by a cry of pain. As the ghost fell forward upon its face the g"un dropped from Jim's hand, as he realized what he had done, and lie ran towards the prostrate figure quickly. When he reached it it was moaning heavily, and he saw that it was a tall man dressed in a white linen suit. Down he knelt and lifted the heavy head, and as he turned the face up to the moonlight a groan burst from his lips. The man was Peter Hazel, Ruth's father, and he had shot him. A horrible fear assailed him. What if he had killed him. Would .Ruth ever believe it was all a mistake? Stripping open the shirt of the wounded man he examined him hastily, and a sigh that was half a sob escaped him. The shot had entered the left shoulder, and Peter Hazel had fainted. Jim did not stop "to lament. Lifting the helpless burden in his strong arms, and half carrying, half dragging him, he succee ded in getting him home. Ruth opened the door, and her face went almost as white as her muslin apron when she vaw her father. "Don't be scared," gasped Jim, "It's all right; the governor's jist had a-a little accident, that's all." 8he did not wait to question, or cry, but sped about getting things in readiness for her lather's comfort. And when Peter Hazel was deposited upon his bed, Jim i-an for the surgeon. "It was a narrow squeak," said that wor thy an hour later. "A little more to the right, and"-he shut one eye and shook his head significantly. And Jim felt as if he had been on the verge of an awful gulf. "How did it happen?" Ruth asked, after the surgeon had gone, and Jim told her. "Poor pa! He will go wandering about. He says he loves to be in the pine woods at night. Oh dear! Whatever should 1 have done if you had killed him?" Gentleman Jim was wondering whatever lie should have done, and he paled a little at the thought. "Can you ever forgive me?" 5ie asked slowly, "for bein' sich a fool as to shoot vour dad for the ghost, or," he added in a lower tone, "will you chuck me over for it?" But the dark eyes looked into his with such a reproachful gaze that somehow, be fore (he knew how it happened, she was hid ing her face against his coat collar and he was kissing the top of her brown head fer vently. After that he knew he was for given, and he blessed the old man for con descending to get Shot so nicely. Cornish Bill eyed him suspiciously when Sie c-ame in that night. "Where be they wild dueks?" he enquir ed, seeing Jim's empty hands, mien, sud denly, "Hev youin bin fainten? There be blud awl ovar youm cloathas." Jim laughed a little nervously. "Yes/' flie said, "I've had a bit of a tussle, an' I've left the ducks an' the ole gun Jyin' down in the pine wood; But, Bill, ole pard, I've laid that ghost, an' the odds is Ruth Hazel." And then he told Bill all about it, to his great astonishment. Peter Hazel insisted upon sitting up the next day, and Jim came to dinner at his express invitation, despite the fact that he came without the ducks. "Well," said .the old man, when he had heard all about the long gully ghost. "Jfy love for solitary rambles nearly did for me, and you laid the ghost pretty flat, Jiia Clare." Then they all laughed heartily, and Jim put a bold front on, and told him he hoped he would accept him for hi6 son-in-law. "Of course," said Hazel, "after half-kiii ing me, you have the best right to my giri, but I like you, young man, and there-go along with you. : . When the news gpt round Long Gully that Gentleman Jim had nearly killed old Ha/.al for the ghost there was a sensation, and the boys declared that the old man owed it to him to give him his daughter, and so it was settled. Jim paid for drinks all round, and Cornish Bill shook hands with him in a forgiving spirit that made Long Harry and the rest feel quite ashamed lor ever having doubted the ghost story. 