A BALLARD OF THE BREE- LONG BLACKS. ——— Through England's Colds they hunt the fox, In Scotland the deer chase they ; In Ireland they whip the Salmon lochs From the dawn to the dusk of day. And India's sportsmen stick the pig And follow the tiger's trucks ; But where on earth is a sport as big As hunting tho Breelong Blacks ? For the gamest fox must e'er long be cooked, XXXXXXXX And the deer lasts a day at mo&t;, And tho heaviest salmon that over waa hoakod Must ooou givo up tho ghost ; And the galloping Arab soun biits tho boar, And Uio man-eater soon cries ' Pax !' But men must go, as they go to a war, To hunt for the Broelong Blacks. Wo British aro fond of a bit of a blow, And nono but a lool would doubt That in hunting men wo aro none too slow, And havo something to blow about. We've collared Pashnu aud Mahdis isnd Chiefs, Aud Generals and Kings by packs, And Ghiuce cut-throats uud Beloooh chiefs — But where aro tho Broelong Blacks 1 You neod a quarter million of men When a country of Boors you hunt ; But how many coppers are wanted whon You'vo a couple of blicks in front ? The boy b1 ia bluo, they're out by moba And no child but too bush he whacks, O, it's one of the merriest, muddling jobs, This chasing a couple of blacks. They track them down, and thoy see them plain, They run tnem from tree to tree ; But the Broelong Blaoks still proudly maintain That their land is tho land of the free. Tho Parliament payoth the Force full well, And tho Public payoth tho tax, And the ' traps' get a lot of it, so,men tell, ' But thoy don't get the Breelong Blacks Yea, the Estimate's heavy — or, so we're told — But still hang a reward must we Before men's noses - men may soo gold, Though Governors they don't see, Though ihe Governors see some of them, at least, They see a lot of their backs ; Still, of course, tho land's very poorly policed— And there are two Breelong Blaoks ! Tiiey toll as that ioemea threaten ? oar Bhore, That they'll march to our mountains blue ; So let's hope bluo mountains are useful more Than mm of a similar bue. For the pteoeut we're feeling somowhat alarmed, As, though scrnb and ridges and tracks Aro alive with police and ' civilians armed,' They can't deal with two Breelong BlnokB. JINGLING JOHNNY. — — . 