% Roundabout Notes. By. Mileoy. The difference between a ' picnic ' race clab i aa ordinary country racing club is very great, iu much that the whole expense of a picnic meeting borne by the members without recourse to the pu for assistance in any shape. Members' subaenpti and entry fees meet all expenses, and none but me bers are allowed to nominate or ride a horse at tb meetings. A close conservatism is observed in t mitting members, consequently none but purely at teur sportsmen find a place on the rolls. The me bers of every picnic club that I know of ; generally speaking, drawn from the pastoralist. the district where the meetings are held, and every man in the club knows every other man i- inately, the professional element has little cbanc creeping in. It is said there are black sheep in e\ fold, but as far aa my experience of picnickers got am inclined to believe that picnic clubs are the captions to the rule. It is unlikely that such tuei the southern picnickers , Messrs. George Oabo Thomas Rutledge, or O. E. Faithf u!l would tole doubtful sportsmen taking advantage of their p tion on that cirouit, while the Whites, Thomas Cc and other prominent northern picnickers woul- quite as keen to keep the sport as pore on the H' as Meesra. Ban% Bloomfield, Frank Maok, W. Gardiner, and others are to k°ej. it so ia the wes? the present rat' n* progress picnic clubs bid to oust the local race clubs, as for 8 years past country townsfolk have grown * apathetic, and their apathy has been, of late, tnbuted to bad times and the gradual dying ou that sporting spirit for which their fathers * famous. Though they carefully stay away from local public race meetings, the townsfolk of IV wellbrook, Scone, ana Nyngan roll up in fort see '« the swells' at play, and back their opi or their favourite riders with, spirit and confide Their patronage may be put down to cheap] bat it is more than likely that tbej are there bee they have confidence in those running the meet ' and know they are getting what will always a crcwd— f air play. Picnic races have been responsible for' the covery of many a good horse, and without g into the earty days of Tiranna or Bong £ we may mention such well known names as £ net. Hanrv. Feu de Joie. Bullomin. and Voo 2 «&££ B ^ fiDd ***** eaIe am0DK Picnickers m-vSn oeB-:«ngU»g from £100 to £200. The majority of picnic men are wealthy, and among them, are men who would rather &y; a big price « for a horee likely to win the T.rradua or Bong BoDg Cup than take a hkely Newmarketer for noth? *B;tu ** men ara sPortsmen, pure and simple, But they are that class of spoitsmau that will only tafce ate sport with hiB friends and equals. Of course much of this success of these Picnic meet ?ngs is due to the ladies of the district io which they ate held. The ladies are ever ready to dispense hos pitality to all, and encouragement to the losers. 1 he social festivities that accompany the racing are always in the hands of the ladies, and, consequently, oo much towards making the annual Picnic meetings attractive and successful. The success of Picnic racing (which is practically a private function} over public racing in the country ia very marked in the Western districts, as, for instance, the Nyngan Jockey Club only received eight entries tor their last advertised meeting, and as seven of these iiomina iions were infoimal, the meeting was abandoned. Against this the local Picoic club had 15 horses start -for their first race, and every oue of them 'tried,' while for 10 races they received 189 entiics, from a limited list of member*. From Mudgee to Nyngan, along the western route, Picnic racing has come to stay, as it has the coun tenance and support of both old and youug among the moneyed men of the districts, aiid the elders look upon the sport with favour as an outlet to satisty the sporting ambitions of their sous, and more thin* one instance came under my notice last week of a father encouraging his sods to go in for amateur racing, and leive the other kind alone. A large western pastoral lst, who did a deal of racing in his youuger days, told me the other day he was only too willing to Hud * the money for his eons to keep half-a-dozen picnic bones each, but would not tolerate them racing in any other way. With, this end in view he purchased several thoroughbred yearlings during the past two years, and when he can get a suitable stallion will aiso go in for breeding thoroughbreds, which will be raced fust at the Picnics, and if found useful will te passed on to metropolitan tuif men. In the Dldendaps of racing atBourkc, Brewarrina, Cujinjmiulla and eren little Barrigun, it was a dirSciA matter duriug the race time to get a bed under a roof— as the squatters, station managers and overseers generally took the precaution to ordei them all up weeks beforehand, and it was a very urgent matter indeed that kept them away from their annual race meeting, but now, I am told, the presence of the leading pastoralists is a rare thing indeed at the far western meetings— so much bo, ia fact, that it is probable at least one club (once a powerful one) is seriously considering too advis ability of giving up the ghost and leasing their racecourse and improvements to a largo party of equaitens and homestead lessees, who are desirous of providing a bit of amateur sport for fchemfie.Ves without the assistance of the professional racing man or the professional jockey. It is to such men as these that we look to improve tlia breed of horses, and if they mteroBt themselves in the racing of horseB they will naturally interest themselves in the bieediug of that useful animal. As before remarked, it is silly to assert that the sporting spirit, for which the previous generation of sheep and cattle kings were famous, has died out. It is as strong as ever, aud the picnickers prove that. The decadence of country racing is due to careless management and the withdrawal of the mau ot money and influence, who would rather do without lacing than bring himself on a level with the bread and cheese sportsman and his fiiends the jockey and the betting steward. At picnic races he getB his sport among his own friends, brings his wife and daughters to see the fun, and goes in for a good time generally. If he puts his soverign on a horse fee gets a run for it, and has not to worry around to find out if ' eo and so has gat a punter,1' or whether ' wbatVbis-name is in thes bag,' and so forth.. It cannot be expected that he can travel the country learning the tricks of the trade in order to hold his own on a racecourse. He must look after h's flocks and herds ; therefore, like a sensible man he leaves the business to those who understand it, and gets his ?port bia own way. . , Since the appearance of the weights for tht V. B.C. G.jnrid National SteepleohE.se Chelsea has found no ' r K* mends to declare for him. After the weights appeared he easily won a steeplechase at Moonee Valley with 12st in the saddle, but at Caulfield on Saturday he fell a victim to last year's National vrinnerrMyBore, to whom he (Chelsea) was trying to concede 121b. These ere the exact terms this pair meet on in the coming Grand National, for which Chelsea is still the better favourite of the pair. Perhaps Chelsea is regarded as the better stayer, and is more iikely to beat the Wellington hor«9 over three miles and a furlong than he was to beat him at Caulfield over about the two miles and a half. MyEore, as a winner of the National, deserves more respect than the majority of chasers, but Mr. Dakin'a opinion of him does not seem to be a very exalted one, as he only gives him a rise of 201b, while every other horse that has shown a semblance of ' form during the season is well above him. iast season Mysore (a five-year»ald) won four jaces over fences, and with lOst 41b up *an third to Vigil (9at lllb) and Euro (9st 101b) tn a steeplechase flat race, having behiud trim Blue Peter (list lib), Ditto (list 61b), and floater (I2st71b), eo that he proved that he was no dunce, therefore lOst 71b cannot be regarded as a very great weight for htm. The Sydney horse Brokerage is not as good a performer as Mysore, but he has to give the son of Wellington lllb, His two miserable hurdle wins and a w in over the big fences (beating Taipo, Crusado, aud old Whiteioot II.) with liEtup, is considered to be lllb better than can be shown by tait year's winner of the great Grand Rational. Srokerage might win all the same, but surely hit form in Sydney does not approach National form. It is interesting to compare the weights apportioned Ibis year to some of those horses Mysore beat last year. Mysore is up 201b, Vigil, who ran sixth last year, is up 2SIb ; Euro, who ran fcurtb, is up 161b ; while Mr. Miller'g crack Hayseed, who fell, is down 4flb. Moariay was :i great day at_T.-. U-.rsu.li's, 99 on that firing the weights *oi i\ni jiiph .;.?( Han J ice p, Met xopclitsi.', Oauilield Cup, aari ifi.-ib.-jurtiu Cup were fiosttd f or the ?Jci«.'cti»--I.on oi the members, ami many V/tre the opinions off* rea as *.,- ;L'- nienff :i demerits ftf the work of Messrs. Unly, Da/..u, aii Varies. If all the arguments adduced 'con'. I Ls\r; bs ?-:? lllected and tiubliAhed1 wher these -.^ :?.-:? hav»- ? Vp-?- lecided, they, no doubt, wuui^ :nake c-xev-^-yf r!.j.-j.~g. One said thiB waB well in, another contradicted him, and Jhe tuif registers were thumbed vaiuly in search of jmfonnatiofl, and nobedy seemed to think it politic to Wait over another two months and see how the horses tared in their training before giving an opinion, as the whole success of any of these.handicaps depend entirely upon the lack trainers have in getting their noises fit. Assuming that Daniy and Severity are poth fit on Metropolitan day, I fancy the former Will have a wjld time of it with the big Bon ot Tren chant over a mile and a half with; the worst of the weightB. Dandy has to give Severity 41b, yet the ? latter is much the better performer of the pair over any distance ; but it is probable the handicapper is aependbg upon Dandy improving a stone or so on tils Birthday Cup running before Metropolitan day, and perhaps he thinks Severity will go back and not tun in anything like the same form be showed Jn the last Sydney Cup. Paul Pry is made out (in toe Metropolitan) to be 41b better than The Chief — ? — — ? — ? he may be, of courae, but it is a question that ha* two antes. The Metropolitan field TSv to be^ much better one than thut Ace of Diamonds f W «« easily 1D the Birthday Cup with StSbuJ He £ tfa^e over Tst^andthn vf^ &Dd; »»»«We» above 41b for runn^Vneaiy°lS £*£* ir^S'11,111'* cannot be said that ie if bldlfnff '^ C'P- Jt wh^woPav'anS°hdy^Ut Mr- ^^S CftJnJ mT£,»m £8 i handlcaPPere like Latem aud Hall different hrS.^ be almost on a level wi,h Amberite'sir. diflerent brother. It looks as if the latter has been Sn^T* thr°U-Sl1 his ''''nous relative. IS Cordon's two meritorious eeconds at Randwick a e PeHsfL^T?116 thaD-31b ?VCr thS «S fcSS. of nThlr ^ Then, again, Ireland's Eye was the wi™- t*$ aw«ded 7st 31b in a J^u fieid°at Warwick Farm; he was scratched, and now gets tL \mJhB °?°St di^lt mile race of «« season! The handicappmg of Ha utesse and Beacon is also Kb^tHautewI,!?: off in April one of th« tour nest two-year-olds we Baw at the back end. tamty about tha best beating her over a mde. Just taen 6he gave Beacon two stone and beat him Wheu she and the other crack twoyear olds retired for the season Beacon won a couple ot races, and for so doing is classed level with her. which meins that he finished up near the top of the two-year-old tree. Providing both ara fit and well, what sane man would back Beacon to beat ifU ue 0Ter a miIe at leve! weI*gbte ? Leap Frog, who has been vaiuly trying to win a race for some time with 6st 71b up, has received 6st 10lb, while JNjambucca (the same age) has shown on two ccca Bions that she can stay aDd go fsst, is let in on the 6st/lb mark, IbvbI with a lot of horses that have never won a race, and it is rorobable manv of mem never wil/, unless they go into the country. However, the success of tbe Epsom Handicap will depend upon the number of horses that strike form in the second week of September ; but, as it looks at present, a gojd horse like Severity appears to have eight-tentbB of tne other3 at his mercy ; and if Johanaen again strikes lorni he is well off in both Handicaps— it must not be forgotten that he once beat Bobadil and Lee Metford in the St. Leger, Severity, however, is one of the best horses now in Australia, and will be more seasoned next year than he was in the autumn. He is in good hands, and has been given every chance, but it is possible he may go to England before the spring and leave his stable companion Phillibeg, who is a really good looking colt that may develop into a great r%cehorse, to take his place. If he improves he will be worth watching, and the same remark applies to a very handsome St. S within colt named Yarrabee, m Joe Cook's stable, and also to Reviver. 