FLASHES. NEW PROVERBS. A. record is the only thing that in proves by breaking. A bare cupboard always furnishes for -the for thought. The organ-grinder vocation appears never to be played out. Every time you look at a twelve year-old boy he. needs a new pair of shoes. When people take their own time they generally take other people's time too. Some people take enough time grieving over spilt milk to buy a cow. You never had a man who owns a diamond scarf pin wearing a long board. It never seems to occur to some people that some things are none of their business. If a man links the band that smote him it's because he can't smite the hand that licked him. Always getting into hot water-race leaves. The Washerwoman's Motto Let's soap for the best. The latter and the shoemaker go to extremes in their business. There are many men who are afraid of ghosts who are not afraid of spirits. If ignorance is bliss the wonder is why so many people complain of being miserable. The discouragement in mending one's ways is that there is always someone who will call attention to the peaches. If we spent more of the time doing the things we can that we devote to wanting to do the things we can't we should find that we could do more things. A health journal says you ought to take three-quarters of an hour for a dinner. It is well also, perhaps, to add a a few vegetables and a piece of meat. Stingy's Suggestion.-" Not at home, baker, butcher, dustman, and candle stick maker," is the most economical reply to calls on Boxing Day. Fund. Up-to-Date Old Lady (severely to beggar! : When I gave you that money yesterday you promised me not to get intoxicated with it and I afterwards saw you in a rolling state of drink. Beggar (with a grin) : Well, mum, yer see I'm an " absent-minded beggar, mummy's. Ethel : What is thodilTeroncobotweeti ' n neck-tie which a girl very much fancies and her young man Ernest: One is her ideal bow, and the other in her beau ideal, - Judy Christmas Number. Christmas Dinner, Too I-Mr. don king Confound it ! I can't eat this fowl ; it hasn't . been drawn Mrs. 1 . Jenkins : Why, you told me last night it was drawn Mr; Jenkins : Yes ; out that was in a raffle. Pick-me-up. Auntie : And what would you like for a Christmas present, Tommy? Tommy : Well, I'd like a drum, auntie, but pa says he'll send uncle a box of bad cigars if you give me one Cigarette, Defined. - Qrundfuthor (drilling Maudie for her first party) : And now, darling, what is agreed girl ?- Maudie: Agi- who wants everything I want. , Illustrated Bits. A Compliment,-She : What makes you think I don't tell the truth's: The truth is always said to be plain, debt. Halfpenny Comic. 6 A happy Lot Tommy (whose invar- i iably naughty) : I wish I was an egg.- I Mother: Why, you stupid boy?- j Tommy : 'Cos you beat 'me when they're good, and don't touch 'em when they're bad Funny Cuts, i Public-house Burns, of Course -Out Joker : Say, officer, if you can tell me I , how many bars there are in a beat this 8 shilling is yourselves. Soaker: There's '1 A generally live, but there'll be six if I J got that bob Coloured Comic. M Later On Lady Visitor (to proud l mother of first-born) : Oh-h-h-li what M I a dear little thing I He's got his father's nose, hasn't luis Proud Father: i Not at present, mum ; boys generally f clutching at it, though.- Worlds Comic, ? ' Mrs. Cumso : What have you done so I the pudding, Bridget? Bridget: The brandy ye gave me to pour on it got , spilt, near, so I used paraffin instead. , Can't you get it to burn?- Illustrated Bits. Ethel Did you notice Captain Dash's . tie to-night Mary: Yes, but it is his f moustache that always tickles me. , Sketchy Bits. Turning the Tables. College Tutor ; (to student") : Ha I Mr. Smithers, I'm , afraid I shall never be able to make a [ scholar of you-Mr. Smithers: Well, no. I'm afraid you won't. I was only telling did yesterday I was afraid you didn't know much,- World's Comic. [ Awkward for Lily and the Curate- K Curate (to little Elsie) : Well, Elsie, Hj and what did you have in your stock- We ing this morning Elsie : Same as if , Lily did-one of me largs. Halfpenny my Comic. IB j Comparatively Mild. - Costigan is a (weeping) : She refused mean break in l heart I - Casey : Tush, man ! That's a better than marrying' year breaking' Li [ yer head Judge, in 