The Cup Final. A FOOTBALL STORY. SIn the early part of last year I was up in Highborough, doing some Assize Court bysiness for the Yard, and due ing my stay there I put up with Johnson, the Chief of the City Police, who used to be with us. Happening to enter Lawrence's Temperance Hotel one day 1 was sur prised to find in one of the waiters there a'man who bad received a lot of at tention from us. in London, He was one of a betting clique, and had got mixed up mn several very shady transac tions, but so far had succeeded in keep ing outside the "meshes of the law. For some little while we had lost sight of him, and I was considerably sur prised to find him posing as waiter in a temperacce ho.el. * Hm,' said I to myself, ' there is mischief brewing here, I know. Rain dell (that is the waiter) has some deep plot on, or he wouldn't be here, and I'll do my best to find it out.' I managed to leave the place without his discovering my identity, and on getting back to the station made a few inqiries of ohnson about the waiter at Lawrences. ' I'm sorry I can't tell you anything about him, said Johnson, ' but I'll find out a few particulars about him-his address and so forth-if you .wish.' ' Thanks, I wish you would -as soon as convenient,' ' fly the. bye,' said Johnson, ' here are srcie letters for you which came by the midday past.' Amongst the letters was a circular by book post. The envelope containing it was an ordinary large business one, oblong, with its flap tucked inside in stead of being stuck down. To my surprise, on pulling out the fl.p I found a post card had slipped inside, and so escaped the vigilance of the postal officials. By an extraordinary coincidence, the card was addressed to a man in High. borough, wh'ca was certainly remark ab:e, considering the stamp had not been defaced, showing that the card must have slipped into the envelope before the letters were sorted in London -where the circular was posted. The address on it was 'R. Henry, Esq., 17, Beaconsfield Terrace, West Road, Htighborough,' and the back bore the ollowingundated, unaddressed message; ' Glad to hear all is serene. Shall come up by 6.30 p.m. train from Euston on Thursday. Meet me, with out fail.-J. B.' I felt interested. Who was ' J. B.: J. B. i Surely I know those initials. 'Ther_ was a James Bailey who was one of the betting set that Rayndell was associated with in town-a bookmaker of the most razor edged variety. But, of course hundreds of people's initials were J. I.,' yet they were not book makers or suspicious characters ! Still, for curiosity's" sake, I will meet the 6.30 train-which arrived at High borough at t aso- on Thursday night :this was on \Vednesday), and see the persons thus so curiously 'brought under my notice. Having copied into "ty pocket-buok the address and message on the card, I slipped out wrt't it to the post office over the way, and handed it to one of the clerks, with explas.ations as to how it came into my. possession. On returning to the station I was greeted by Johnson with : ' I say, old man, I've found out about that man at Lawrence's. His name is Henry.' 'flenry be .han.ed 1':.' returned. It's nothing of the sort, but Rayndel:. Henry, indeed I' SPerhaps he had urgent reasonl for changing it l'suggested Johnson. Possibly,' I replied. Then suddenly remembering that the postcard was addressed to ' R. Henry,' I said, ' But where does he live?' 'In lodgings, at 17 Beaconsfield Terrace, West Road.' I gave a long whistle of surprise. SWhy, what's up ? Anything the matter ?' queried my friend. ' I. lear there's a great deal the ma:ter,' was my reply, and I told Johnson of Rayndell's and Bailey's previous careers, and of the address and message on the post-card I had received in so strange a manner. My business at the court allowing me plenty of spare time, I reconnoitred Beaconsfield Terrace, a row of shabby. genteel, bay windowed villas with short gardens in ftont, situated 'in a very quiet locality. 'Rather an expensive place for a mere hotel waiter to lodge in,' thought I, for No 17 looked really smart and nice. ' There's something deep be hind all this, I feel certain. But how to discover It ? That's the thiing. Ah, I have it I' Going up to No. 17 I knocked, and the door was opened by what I judged to be the landlady, a very respectable looking woman dressed in black. S)hes Mr Henry live here Y?' I in quired. h ' He does. But he is not in now.' ' Not in ? What a pity. But per haps you can tell me where I can find him,'or at what time he will be back ?' He won't return till arter clever. he never, does, and I haven't the faintesi idea where you could find him : he goes out for the whole day.' '.How very unfortunate ! We were intimately acquainted in London, and 1 wanted to see him most particularly. I can't very well call again, as Im leaving the town. Would you mind taking me to h:s room and letting me write a couple of lines to him ?' ' Certainly not-come this way.' she replied, taking mle into the front room. ' What a jolly, comfortable little place he has, the lucky dog !' I re marked, looking round as the landlady brought out the necessary writing materialt. ' That's what another gentleman of his, who came to spend a couple of days with him last week, said,' she returned, with pride and pleasure. SHe is coming again late tomorrow night, to s:ay till Sunday for the great football match.' Indeed !' I replied, and writing a few common place non comomittal remarkl of a touting nature, I sealed them in an envelope addressed to Henry,' and thanking the woman gtave her the envelope to deliver and then left the house, highly satisfied with the results of my scteme for dis ' coverini the exact room occupied by' Henry.' The next evening, as soon as it was dark, I rolled out to the deserted road where Beaconsfield Terrace was situated, bearirg with me a boy's small bootball, while my upper lip Icasted a dark, heavy moustache-an effectual disguise for me. - Making sure that no one was about. I cautiously enrered the garden cfNo 17, and threw the football through the glass of the bay side window. Into Henry's' room it went with a terrific crash, leasing a huge hole- or, at least, only a ragged edge of glass--in the window frame. I did not stop to see any further re sult, but, regaining the toad, sped along in the shadows for all I was worth. Then, about half an hour later, re turning to No. 17, I knocked, and the same womanrcate'to the.door. Good evening I"I began, in falsetto. 'When m) little boy returned home minus his football just now I dis covered it had been sent through your window. Please accept mny sincerest alplogies tur what you must know was purely an accident, and if you will tell mewhat it will cost to remedy the damage and repay for your trouble, I shall be only 'too "pleased :to recom pense you nop at once.'... She was disposed to be a bit nas'y over it, but the prospect of pa)mett mullified her, and she replied : Well, it will. cost. four shillings - it. a penny t have a new square of glass put in What Mr Henry and his friend will 'ay I don't know, for they are going to sit up a bit to night, and • the square can't be replaced till.tomorrow.' ....... SIt I were you I shouldn't'say.any thing to them about it being broken; they .won't notice it. Here is halt a sovereign to cover expenses; tf that will satisfy you it-will please me. Per. haps.you will kindly let me have my boy's football again. Th.nk you I' Punctually at t.ao the London train y steamed into the station, and Bailey alighted. Rayndell (alias ' Henry,' who had been waiting for :the train) immediately joined him, and the two set out for Beaconsfield Terrace, while I follcwed at a discreet distance, and watched thtm enter the house. When I considered they had settled down to their smoke apd ch.t I again entered the gaider, and stealing ul, through the darkness to the window, sta.ioned my self by the pane I had broken on pur t ouse to hear their conversation. The blinds were drawn down, so that I cocld not see into the room, but I could hear the clink of glasses as the two men stirred their ' nightcaps' and discussed the matter for which they had met. 'It will be a record gate,' Rayndell was saying, evidently referring to the forthcoming football match. . And what arec the present prices ?' inquired Bailey. ' Six to four on 'the home team.' 'Are you sure-qui.e sure-that it will a-tall right; no possibility of a fluke? If it doesn't we are done for, a you know.' ' I am absolutely certain of it. ' The Swifts would simply romp in if it wasn't for the Wanderers' goal-keeper, Bryant I-Ic's the man that saves his team and prevents their ever being licked.' * But supposing he doesn't ask for -' The noise of a cart passing Just then prevented mrr.e hearing tie con clusion of Bailey's query, and when the noise had died away Rayndell was saying : - '- For I got it today, and can easily slip it in without being seen I' ' That's all right, then,' slid Bailey. 'We'll take up all the bets we can at 4 f to 6 against the home tream, and after that rise to evensaj ainst them if neces sary. But we shall have to work it very carefully.' Then, after a few trival remarks about the form of the players, they went off to bed and I returned to Johnson's decidedly upset. The whole affair was a.frost, for the two, having become possessed of some information re'ative to the match which they con sidercd a' dead cert,' were simply going to risk all their money on it. My business in the court was con eluded on the Friday night, but I de termined to stay till Saturday night, so as to witness the event of the football season-the Cup f.t-l. Each team was composed of rattling good players, professionals, and each had amongst them t star of the first magnitude, who totally eclipsed all the others. Bryant, of the Highlorough Wanderers-the home term -was con sidered by experts to be the finest goal keeper in England, and that means the world; while the sam,,e distinction as a centre forward applied to Harper, of the Newtown Swittv. But brilliant as he was, the -latter would not be able to score a sinkle goal while Bryant was tn guard ; that was the general opinion. The day of the great match was cold, wet, and cheerless, but in sp:te of that t nearly tw nty thousand spectators pas. I sed the turnstiles to witness the game between the rival teams. A large refreshment tent had been erected on the grounds, and it was well patronized before the game commenced. Owing to the sliplpiness of the turf, experts predicted that brilliant play iould be Smpossible, but in that. they were mis. taken, as experts so often are. lHarper was quite up to his usual for n, carrying the war well into the elemy's country, and only once or t vice were the Wan derers able to raise the siege and make Ia feeble raid into their opponents' territory. With consummate skill Harper tacked the ball here, there and everywhere, laying traps for his opponents, and springing them at the \- critical moments in a manner that I brought down thundering plaudits fronm the crowd and his enthusiastic sup. lsmrtcrs. Time after time he sent I magnificently aimed shots from all sorts of unhlikely places, straight at the enemy's stronghold ; but nover once was the foe caught napping. With arm, head, body, or leg, Bryant always intercepted ths hIall, and sentit hfing amongst the players. T'ry as they Swould the Swifts could not breakdown Sthat impenetrable defence, and when at length the whistle sounded at haltr Stime the struggle for supremacy was no : nearer a definite settlement, the scores on the board being 'a pair of spe- tac!es' : O--O. Following his invariable cus:onr. SBryant donned an overcoat, anJd closely followed by other memn'ers of the teamns-ran off to the refreshment I tent for his usual cup of Bovril tea and half a-dozen bisctits. 'Pon my word, you're a fair knock out in a double sense,'said lharper 'o Bryant, sitting down beside him, for the two were great Lriendi. 'A fellow hasn't the ghost ofa chance against WVhat'll I have, waiter ? Oh cofif- No, I won't though. Bless me if I don't try a cup Il Bovril for a change. This beastly weather gtvesne the blues. ' Gorry, sir ; but Bovril is out. bir lry=ant's was the last drop we had left,' said the waiter, whom I recognised •as j Rayndell. Aring me coffee, then,' said Harper. ' Yes' sir, immediately, sir, and the waiter shuffled off,"'retuining almost directly with the steaming beverage. ' Ugh I don't take to coffee at all kindly,'said Hasper ' Don't you ?' said Bryant. ' Well, you may exchange it for my; Bovril if )ou like. I've not touched it yet, for I can't take it too hot. " Changue?' ' Sure you don't mind ?' 'Not in the least - fur once Shouldn't have offered it you it I did:' ''t'hanks Then I will,'just to see what it's like.- - Seizing Johnnon by the armtI h'irried him into thie tentr,sa)ifg,.' Quick, quick' and rapidly rriade my way to the table where I had'ke~e Bryant and l-larper sitting. Yes, luckily the Bliil cup was still there, untouched, with -the dregs for the fluid still at the bott'om. \- 'Johnson, you were right I' I ex claimed. ' Harper was hicu'ed by the waiter, who put some drug into the Bovril le had. This is the cup he dratnk from, a'd these are the dregs. 1'Take them to a doctor or cllemist quickly, and prove my assertion, while I keep an eye on tl.e men." W\ithout exciting suspicion. Johnson stole ftl with the cup, and soin returned with a chemist's verdict that the dregs left in it contained a large and stupefying percentage of a power.ul drug. ' Show me the rascals I' excitedly cried Johnson, We had but little t difficulty in finding them, for outside the tent at'the back, where Bailey had beckoned hint,, Rayndell was being cursed and bullied by Bailey with a tremendous vigour. Of course the y drug was intended for Bryint, but the lootballers exchanging theil beverages ) completely upset all calculations, and a instead of finding themselves wealthy the rogues were penniless. 3Beore the trial they made full con 1 fession, and the judge rewartld:d thei 3with a good spell of imprisonment. 1 Upon the facts being made public the e Wanderers renounced their claim to the Cup :and Ch ampionship, but the final game' still re'ul'ed in a victory for the home team by 2 goals to o 1 I 7t ilits. 