LETTERS FROM THE FRONT. Private R. W. Owen, of the South Australian Contingent, writes from Enslin as follows:—"We are now camped here on another battlefield, which the Boers thoughtthey could hold for nine months. With the exception of dead horses and a few crosses on ofiicers' graves, and sundry mounds, one would never know that such a game had been held. Although thb iJritish camp is 17J miles further on, and the fight of Monday and Tuesday was further away, we could sec the flashes of the guns and shells plainly, and the searchlight at Kimberley— the British were using their war balloon for the first time, and we could just see it —we cannot get any news of the war, or rather, we get too much, but nothing reliable. Our next move is to be to the front, but we have been attached to Methuen's Brigade for some time on the line of communicatiou, and have had the honour of camping side by side with the Gordons and other illustrious regiments, as you know long ago, no doubt. The Gordons came here •by train, and we walked (15 miles), and our tents were sent by rail. When we arrived the Gordons had pitched all our tents for us. We found them very fine chaps, and this applies to all the "'Tommy Atkinses;" they all, without exception, have by a long way passed my expectations, and are a cut above the opinion so often expressed iu the papers. We all felt deeply to Hear the Gordons had been cut up, as many we had talked to on Sunday were dead on Tuesday. There was a scrimmage here on December 7 between 195 Nortnamptons and 2,000. Boers, but, with all their great advantage in having guns thev hadtoretoemtntheir dead and wounded. The British lost 11 wounded atter several hours fighting. We have to keep vigilant guard day and night I f a n t l m ? ? " a ? t P o s l f be held at-all costs. The t^ia.1 strength t here l o n is about 70 r . Australians <ind 2 guns R.H.A. and abo^c 50 scouts and Engineers. The scouts znd Mounted Rifl'« had good times in pr^ng round taking prisoners and anything iii the way of cattle, poultry, vegetables. and milk, or, in fact, anything thev T? U ii k> U heir h / ndS 0 ?A el ? nf!? S Boers. They rade up to a farm and ir the occupants have jaiy firear b ^ J, hey pn \- ^ s ° n' * hf k^ captured yesterday. One has been f tx-jed and condemned to deasai bemg a spy,- as he was a wefl-Ww®i chap, ^ u ' 35 IT^rP^f River and De Aar and brought the Boers here on tfie 7th. We always parade at 2.30 in che mormng, to prevent a surprise, and at daylight dismiss and have another sleep. The Boers have de-, stroyed the culverts on the railway, and tiie telegraph wires pulled down and posts broken up, and the wires cut for miles; but the wonderful J Royal , j Engineers can do anything, w - . 1 - and . soon had everything m order agam Ostnches are running about here, andi one of the chaps found an egg, and we had it lortea, just a taste eaxrh, and found it a- talent eating, quite as nice as a fowl s egg. December 14.-1 am finisnuig this off <m the top oi a ax^e kopje, about a male from the camp-all bills are called kopjes-til^, one is about a mile and a half round and my :steep and must be 250 ft high a good climh, but a splendid outlook; and lhat is what wc are out here for, and to detad i n r £ i nr,° f ^ 'a I 1 +1 £ and 100 men divided amongst them. Ther, has been a truce at the battle commenced on Sunday until last evening when the fun commenced again. It is dusty in the da j" time, aud we cannot see if they ar« firing We are about- 5 miles.from Orange Iree State, and the country hereabouts is a grea ridge cases of the Boers lying about where we are ramnnl camped, and in under , j some « of ouv tents, so it is said, dead Boers lie buried, but they have not troubled us __ so' far either* by walking or ghosts. There are some dead ones lying about half a mile away, but we have had our curiosi ty satisfied in that way, and have not troubled about them. I expect to finish and post this to-day, as I have come to the end of my paper, and have no money, or if I had anv could not get any Here. One thing 1 don't think 1 have mentioned is the freedom from insects, and until to-day of flies; ants are scarce, and yet the supply is equal to -the demand. Lp to now the contingent is in fair health, althougn we have about 10 under the doctor, and have left Brown and Rispon at Cape Town very bad •the former is doubtful—and H uivc and Erersley a;;. Orange lliver, and colds are plentiful. The change of water has upset a lot of us, and the living is hard since leaving Maitland Gamp. Our next move Mill be to tlu Modder, and they have a canteen and stove, is soon as this occurs, and we get our pay. we will soon be aible to gel some comforts. With money we can get poultry and vegetables. Long ambulance trains are running, bringing in the wounded to Orange River from Spytfontein—there are a uumDer. quite too many. 1 have had the honour to make a proposal to start a subscription for the wounded, each man to give 2s.: this will mean about £100. Now I must say gcodby and good wishes to all. and trust we shall all meet in Adelaide early in March. I am looking forward to a good square meal, not meat and bread, and bread and coffee, like we are having now." The following are extracts from a letter written by Senior-Sergeant William Wauchepe Watson, of the First Contingent, who was for 16 years with Messrs. A. M. Bickford & Sons, to his sister in Adelaide:— "Enslin Military Camp, South Africa, January 1.—Just a few lines to let you know how we spent our Christmas in South Africa. It was not an enjoyable one, as we had a very hard time of it. We never know when we are safe, and when we go out of camp we have to carry our rifles and 150 rounds of cartridges to protect ourselves, as the Boers are roaming all over the place. We had no pudding or anything like teat. We had bread and -tea for breakfast, meat and bread for dinner, and tea and bread for our evening meal. That was on Christmas and New Year's Davs, so we were not lhaving any luxury. I went on outpost on tne morning before Christmas at 2 o clock. That means to go and look for the enemy. I also spent New Year's Day on outpost When thev go on outpost the sergeants are not allowed to sleep for the 24 hours they are on duty, so that 1 saw the Old lear out and the" New Year in. It was a terrible time, too, for we expected to be attacked in the morning. One of our poor fellows was brought in during tihe night. He was one of the patrols, and was shot in three places, but is expected to recover from the wounds. I have been very lucky, and ba;ve stood t>his trip better than any man in the Australian Regiment, for the simple reason that I won*it give in. Sometimes we have a treat in the shape of jam and rice. We are far away from civilization, and are nearly 700 miles from Cape Town, so we have travelled 7,700 miles since we left Adelaide. The only people to be seen are soldiers, of whom there are over 100,000 in South Africa, so that we ought not to be lonely. The duststorms here are terrible; they last' all day, and we tad our dinner spoiled two days'following, but that is nothing. We marched all day and night, and did 50 miles in two dave, as they thought the Boers were going to attack the place we were going to, so we had to hurry up. We were very tired when we got to Enslin Camp. There is great excitement here when, any letters come in, and if any one is lucky enough to g-a-t one he rushes off to some corner to read it, and those wi'no don't (jet one walk away .as if they were ordered to die, poor fellows; and then they want to ksow the news from the lucky ones whether they know them or not. So if any one asks after me tell them to write, no matter what it is. It will be a change, and if you can send any newspapers you will cheer up thousands of poor fellows. No one knows what they have to go through but tiiiose who have done it, but I would not have missed it for a fortune." Mr. A. McDonald, of New Hindmarsih, has a. good correspondent in his son, Private R. McDonald, of the first South Australian Contingent. Writing under date January 7, young McDonald said he was in the best oi hcallli and gc-otiug used to camp life. There was plenty of good food and water, and noticing to grumble at. There were thirteen in the tent, a'together, and an inspection n--as usually held on Sunday, and on three occasions they had tiie credit of being the cleanest in tlie camp. They had all got new uniforms and wuite belts like the 42nd Highlanders. They had a concert the night before wilting, and it was held on a hill. The Kopjes were steeper than the (hills in Australia. The Boers were in a very good position about ten miles off, and a sharp lookout had to be kept. Their camp lights could be seen at night from the hills, and the British had a searchlight going all night which could be seen fo-r fifty miles. They took forty Boers and three blacks prisoners a day or so before, and taey were glad <to be caught. They reported that an English engineer had planned tlie Boer position, and that same of the trenches were deep enough to hide horses as well as men. The batteries and sailors detachment went out every morning and fiied at the Boer stronghold, and then returned for breakfast, remained in catup during the day. then after tea gave tDe Boers anotaer fouKi up. An attack was not expected to be made until the big seige train came up from Cape Town. Tlie balloon rept.-i was to the effect that there were about 23,000 Boe:s, and that they had got barbed wires all along the front of their position, and as socn as this was touched at night a big light shone out on the top of the hill. One mgat a donkey and an oatrich got entangled in the wire and the Boers started a fusillade, and kept it up nearly the whole night. The Boers were terribly afraid of a night attack. They were surrounded by the British, with Kimberley in their rear, and they would have difficulty in escaping capture. The Boer guns were manned by Germans, twelve of whom were aaot a few days before. t He thought by the way the war was going that they would be there about a year, and have plenty of work to do. Mr. A. McDonald complains thait the parcel post is expensive, he having to send some writing paper and requisites, although or\y about i-It>. in weight he taad to pay 2s. 4d. He thii-ks that as the postage has been lowered the parcel post itjght also be cheapened. Mr. T. Holland, of New Hindman-h, has received letters from his two sons who ar-j located at Enslin,.and they stated that they helped to constitute what was called the field force. There had been battles both behind and in front of them. Tiie Queens- | landers had had a brush with the Boers I and defeated them. They had been supj plied with new rifles and bayonets, uni- : forms, pouches, and belts, and would get ] new helmets. The kindness of residents of ; Oape Town in sending them various articles at Christmas was gratefully acknowledged. They asked for reading matter, as books and periodicals were scarce. The rain was very heavy occasionally. The expected arrical of tlie siege train, comprising some of the laitest and best guns from England, was mentioned, and a trial made of two shots fired at a hill was described as most effective, as when they went to see the efiect they found the top of the hill blu-wn away. When these guns got ou the scene they hoped to make short work of the Boers, aud taey did not think the war would last long. I F G MatUewSj in a letter to his eiltE ^ Pro t reni rks:-'M suppose £ he le ot A^e]ai' de ^ understand haven. t a &jft; UlUlg on. insights L dreadful The dead Boers are • l ® u r t j not buried, but simply covered wi w M e ^ ^ sorts ^ £ osulres. Some o£ Us were on guard the other day when five Boers were brought in as prisoners by our mounted men, and they were i'uily equipped with telegraph and railway destroying tools. They were lather, two sons, and two sonin-laws. Nine of us had to look after them twenty-four horns, and I tell you we j d ^ t snarp look out, as they ms trea4erois. It they had started w do anything they would have had a | ' nreLtv pretty warm t° time. mc. The Boers are very ! frightened of cold steel. I think we are . ~ the Modder m a day or two. | thaX Lord Kitchener and Lord Roberts are cmlling here. I hope they will \- ^ {air e^p You would hardly us no, v. We are fitted ou,- with dilferent things taken from the poor fellows wh-o were killed at the Battle of Mager; foatein. Christmas passed off drily. We saw nothing of the chocolate and plum ; IJUU.U1UU pudding UlfLL that were WC1C L-JIl\CU 4UUUI. about. X 1 was n WIU told j ^ wit£ tweIlt o^ers to look for firewood. ; We ^ ^ acrOES deserted Boer farm. We t a f n apj); es a COUp; e of calves ;| ad afew fowls, andthen started for home, j w h we had & quarter of a on the • r{jad the ^ he lmd forgotten kis ^ ^ ^ ^ and wld me lo {or it. j j was ^ ^ tive ^ ^ ^ ^ foi. it. J t j ^ p ^ pick it up two buJlets came whistlin|' past W . one of them strikin the g° 0^nd about tlre„ tv vards in f £ me e ! at oaci> lay fl at; because 1 kM left mv rifle iu the wagon. I waited a b ^ .bowed up, so 1 made a bee' u f th° W7Jg0U. j j^ked up the buUet struck ^und, and am going ^ keep it 3S a relie. \\\ e were out skirmish- ^ ; ' h d d ; ^ ^ 1 * such" rkin. It was like so many 