BY RIGHT OF LOVE. PRELUDE. Two men stood in the porch of a tiny chapel on one of the smallest of the Balearic Isles. They looked at the blue Mediter ranean, which heaved and rolled lazily almost at their feet, and occa sionally raised their eyes to the sky overhead — a glorious spread of dark southern blue, unflocked by clouds, save for one threatening patch of vapoury gloom which rose out of the sea on the eastern side of the island, and crept up and up until it rested above the cross on the tiny spire of the little chapel. One of the men noticed the cloud, and wondered what it might mean. A little rain would be welcome; but a big storm always proved dis astrous to the unsheltered islet. This man wore the garb of a priest. He was tall, and dark, and stately, and inscrutable-looking. The other looked what he was — an Englishman abroad on a yachting trip. He was of noble birth and handsome presence, and his fortune matched his birth. He was dressed in flannels — white from head to foot, except for the pale blue silk sash round his waist, and a band of the same colour round his straw sailor hat. His height was about six feet ; he had the fine black-lashed grey eyes of his race, a good nose and mouth — the latter partly concealed by a brown moustache, carefully waxed — and a tolerable chin. His yacht — White Witch — was an chored in the little bay below. The owner could, had he chosen, have watched the preparations for de parture going on aboard her; but if his gaze wandered at all from the rolling sea beyond the bay, it was to the narrow path on his left, up which his bride must come. For it was the man's marriage morn, and he felt light of heart when he thought of his approaching loss of freedom, though, until one short month ago, he had not known of the existence of the girl he was about to make his wife. ' They are late ! ' he said in Spanish; and there was an impa tience in his tone. ' Probably the fault of Manuel,' suggested- the. priest, his eyes wander ing, perhaps by accident to the smoke coming from the funnel of some kind of a steamer which, after touching at a neighbouring island, was putting swiftly out to sea again. From this steamer the priest glanced at a boat being rapidly rowed towards the little island from the larger one. His glance took in the fact that a jib and a mainsail were being run up. Manuel Calzado is not famed for his punctuality ; but he would not for worlds disappoint his sister. They are sincerely attached. I venture to prognosticate that you will be mar ried within the hour, my lord.' Father Fernando had travelled once to England, and stayed there long enough to pick up one or two useful phrases. He flattered himself that he knew how to address all sorts and conditions of Englishmen. If this were a fact, he had indeed made excellent use of his time. Should your prognostication prove true, I will treble any fee you like to ask for marrying us, 'father. I shall know no real, peace of mind until Mercedes is mine beyond the power of man to take away. 'We go straight, to England to be re-married by the Anglican clergyman who bap tized me.' There is no law in your land for bidding the niarriage of those under age ?' ' Only when legal gardians are op posed to the match. I am my own master,' thank Heaven, and Marcedes' friends are willing that she should be my wife.' . '' That is so. See. mv lord, here comes your bride. My triple fee is safe.' The young Englishman made no reply. He strode away to meet the beauti ful girl who' greeted him with love laden eyes. ' You are late, my queen, but I forgive, since you are here.' ' ' It was my fault,'. laughingly ex plained the handsome Spaniard who headed the procession with his sister. ' Has your excellency forgiveness for me also'?' ' Yes, when you -learn to address me properly. My wife's brother must not forget that,he is on the point of becoming my brother also. But come, we will delay 'no longer. Father Fernando awaits us at the altar.' No doubt Father Fernando wished he had such a marriage to officiate at every day, when he opened the enve lope handed' to him, at the close of the ceremony, by the newly made hus- band. ' It is a generous lad !' he said to himself, as he watched the bride being hurried on board the yacht by her enamoured bridegroom. ' I wish him well from the bottom of my heart. Mercedes loves him, I think, but she is a Calzado! She cannothelp being a Calzado ; therefore, I say, Heaven help unless her love prove stronger than instinct — stronger than train ing — stronger than destiny itself ;' CHAPVER I. t Ladv Fomxscuu'h only daughter was about to marry a wealthy Ameri can who had taken a liking to , Klo'na Fortuscue's prettv fiioe.' ' I Monti rather fancied the idea of handling dollars as though they were mere pebbles that could bo picked up on any beach. Tony Ilanlan had promised she should do so if slic married him. Sir Simon Forfceseuo was a life baroniit of very limited means. He and his wife had come together owing to n- 11111 tmil misunderstanding. Each had believed the other to be tho possessor of a large fortune, whereas both wore as poor ns rooks and had extravagant tastes. Consequently, Monn's youth was spent in an atmosphere of continual struggle — not how to make both ends meet, that had never boon possible in Fortoscuo's household — but how to live as smartly as their neighbours. Mona was tired of it before she left school, and that was how, during her first season, she greatly accepted Tony Hanlau's invitation to spond the dol lars his father had made in Pennsyl vania, mostly by a lucky find of oil, and partly by the plucky way in which he had stuck to work. Hanlan, junior, was content to leave the management of tilings to his over seer while he ' did Europe,' a por tion of his education which had been neglected by his indulgent but un enlightened parent.' Having got as far as London, he decided to stay there awhile. . The season was at its height, 'and, thanks to one or two useful intro ductions, and his dollars, he found himself welcomed everywhere. He might have looked far higher than Mona Fortescue ; but : he had been accustomed to gratify every passing whim as it arose, and when the whim seized him to make Mona's pretty face his own private property, he lost no time in telling her so. . . ;. Their marriage was fixed for Mid summer Day, aiid it took place, of course, at two i3.ni. Hanlau had a suite of rooms at the Cecil. The wedding was to be at Hanover Square. He and his best man arrived at the Mmvnll (if. ^11 mniiifno if\ 'fiT'A The most punctual of men always, Tony was determined not to risk keeping his bride waiting. At the same moment that he 'and his friend got out of their handsome at St. C4eorgo's, a telegraph messenger entered the Cecil, with a telegram for Tony Hanlan, Esq. .Now, Tony had paid his bill, and ordored , his numerous belongings to be forwarded to Liverpool Street, he and his bride proposing to honey moon in Holland. ; . . It was known at the Cecil that ho was going to be married that after noon, and the telegraph boy was des patched in a handsome to Sti George's. The Cecil management .felt itself justified in being generous to the ex tent of permitting one of their cabs to carry what might be an important message for a customer who had just settled a bill of abnormal length with out a murmor. When the boy reached the church, tho bride was just arriving— late, of course; her mother had insisted on that, in order to increase the expecta tion of tho waiting multitude and the impatience of the bridegroom. It seemed a pity to interrupt a wed ding -with anything so x'i'osaic as a reicgram. Tho boy decided to wait until it was all over, considering Jie would be more likely to get a tin then— ? -?-- lie did wait, worming his way into the church by means' of his golden, key, represented by the yellow enve lope, which' hc-nvas careful to carry conspicuously. Three beneficed clergymen — Lady Fortescue came of a clerical family — helped to tie the knot ; a tiishop sealed it with his blessing, and tho wedding party filed off to the vestry, the bride groom joyfully triumphant, the bride assured that she had done the best tiling possible for herself, Lady Forte scue openly radiant, and Sir Simon as openly relieved. The signatures were in the register before the telegraph-messenger worked his way in, and delivered himself of his charge. , r ; ' Went to the Cecil, sir, and they sent me on here.' ' Quite right ; go, and drink my health at the nearest imiKor-beer shop.' A sovereign changed hands, to the boy3 wild delight. lie vanished in the crowd, and Tony turned to his wife. ' I don't' suppose it's of any conse quence,' lib' said, 'but one never knows. You will excuse me if I open it?' , ^ ' L 'Why, of course!' said Mona, smiling brightly. Tho smile froze on'heV lips' when- she heard a startled, exclamation from her husband, followed by tho words — 'If this is 'true, I am a* ruined ni'in ?' ?? wnacr . ? . . ,'i Tho exclamation came, in- a shrill tone from Lady Fortescue; 1 it' was echoed, an octave or so lower, by her husband, whose face ^lanched pite ously. J ' I would givo half I am r worth to havo had this sooner',' said' Tony. ' You'll believe thai, won't you, ' Mona ? If it's true, I mean.' ' But what is the message, Tony. I don't understand.' ' It's from my overseer's clerk. Ho says tho oil supply lias given out, and that tho ovorseer has bolted with all he could lay hands on. As I put him in charge of everything, it means that ho hits gone off. with all my papers realised my investments most likoly, and 'feathered his nest pretty warmly. I would have staked my life on that man's honesty.' 'Perhaps it is a mistake or a practical joke,' suggested the bride, with an inward shiver at the thought of her future, should it prove neither. ' I must go and find out,' said the bridegroom grimly. ' I'm awfully sorry, Mona, more sorry than I can say, that this message did not reach me half-an-hour ago. If I have brought ruin on you, I shall never for give myself. But let us Vget out of this ; wo can't talk things over hero.' Mona, accustomed to act a part ever since she 'could walk; found, it comparatively easy to face the crowd who waited in the church to witness tho departure of. the wedding-party; but Tony was loss accomplished, and comments wore uttered very freely on the change in his appsaranco since he went into the vestry. 'Look as if he'd' just discovered lie's married tho wrong .woman.' ' Should say he's seen a . ghost. She looks pale too. She was a$ blooming as a rose just now.' ' Something awful's ? happened, that's certain ! Look at the old folks ! If , they wore utterly ruined they couldn't look much worse.' This last remark mot the case in a 'waythe utterer of it little guessed at ; the_ time, though ho took credit to .himself for having said as much, in tho light of after events. It was not long before society, in g£UllUI.-bl, l^ibLlAU ULUbU tUL CtbOt/llUll 111U11U tary ruin had temporarily separated the Haitians. Tony travelled with the mails to. Queenstown in order to go on board the Etruria, which had dropped down the Mersey a couple of hours after his unlucky marriage had become a legal fact. .. ' Mona remained with her parents, fuily sharing their anxiety what might be in store for them all. Not only had Lady Fortescue plunged wildly into debt to make her daughter's marriage one of the sea son's great event, but Sir ?Simon had borrowed money freely on the se curoty of his wealthy son-in-law that, was to be. More than a week of weary waiting and sickening suspense, and then the thunderbolt fell. , ? Tony cabled to his wife — 'Report true. Am writing.' , ,| His letter, when it came, told a miserable story of a man's and a vil lain's treachery. The ovorseer had taken advantage of the power placed in his hands. Every investment that could be re alized he had turned into money. (To be continued.) 