DIARY OF A DEAD MAN. Record of a Starving Elondiker. Vain Effort to Sustain Life. A story giving details of the death of Henry Weyhrlch, a motormnn, who left the service of the Los Angeles Hallway. Co. In the. win ter of 1898 to seek his fortune In the Klondyke, but who starved to death, appears In Call- .fonnlnn papers. His comrade, A1 Dominy, narrowly escaped the same fate, but Is now at home here In safety. The story is largely comprised In a diary kept by Weyhrlch, In which he tells In pitiful language of his light day by day against overpowering hunger. Dominy was with Weyhrlch when he died, and brought back to the letter's mother and sister a hundred loving messages, and the diary, Weyhrlch was one of the "Sunny South" party, whloh left Los Angeles for the Klon dyke two and a half years ago. They took the Edmonton route, which carried' them along the Pease River, by Fort Graham and Sylvester Post. Other members all turned back before long, but Weyhrlch and Dominy kept on. Thoy found a llttle gold, but It was too fine. At last winter caught them, and, unable to travel farther or go back, they built a cabin at the lower end of the M'Pherpooi Lake, on the Yessezoo River, about BOO miles from Dawson, and 210'mHe9fram"Port ,L.alrd. They knew they had, not provisions enough to last the winter through, but rested easy In the hope of getting plenty of game. Last New Year's Day the two snnw-beslcg- e.. prospectors had a pathetic little celebration in their cnbin, They knew by that time that there wasydhutll chance of either one seeing another New Year's Day. Weyhrlch told of it in his diary. Soon, however, he had run out of writing paper, and the record of that last fateful winter was written across the pages of ajlttle Spanish-English Bible. On January (1 "Weyhrlch writes: "Too weak to go hunting. Cooked spoonful of rice, one of flour, one of vegetable, one leg of squirrel." January 7; Very cold. I chopped/ wood. Mr. Dominy rested, so as to save his strength for moose to-morrow. X feel the Lord has saved our souls, though our bodies perish by starvation; or freezing. Our situation Is very desperate. Living on two meals of thin soup." On January 8 he wrote: "We are eating the buds of willows to stay the gnawing pangs of hunger. Ate one little white weasel for breakfast. Our soup keeps getting thinner every day. We are getting weaker fast and cannot hold out many more days. If relief does not come in some shape soon we must perish." , On January '9 he entered: "Starving to death. One spoonful of evaporated vegetables and one of rice and one of flour per man per day, arid doing hard work at that. The wea ther Is cold, about 30 to 40 below zero, and a line, snow, with wind from the north dally,- which cuts through a person. We can hard ly keep warm on the wood I can cut during the daytime." , v On January 11 he wrote: "Flour all gone. No sign of moose or any other game. Not even a bird. We are living on one spoonful of vegetables and the tips of willows." For the five days following this entry Weyh rlch was too weak to write evidently. Each, day he merely entered the date and name. Camp "Winter ' Quarters." _' The sad record closes as follows:' "Tuesday, January 18, 1908— Winter Quar ters: Henry A. Weyhrlch, Los Angeles, Cal. A. L. Dominy— Cold; very cold. About three inches of snow fell last night. I have, given up all hopes of living. My legs so weak and thin can't support my body. I am a skele\ ton." -By weird circumstances Weyhrloh's dying message was written across the following verses In the Acts: "And now behold, I go bound In, spirit into Jerusalem, not knowing the things that shall befall me there." "Save that the Holy Ghost wltnesseth In every city, saying that bonds and affections abide with mo." Two days after Weyhrlch went to his death with the utmost cheerfulness. He and Do miny sang songs all morning until the end came. Dominy burled his friend and lived four, months alone in the camp. Two days after Weyhrloh's death a mooBe was slain. This saved Dominy's life. When he regained strength by food he made a terrible journey across the snow to civilisation. 