AN ASYLUMI TRAGEDY, ONE MADMAN KILLS ANOTHER. OCCURRED 'A FORTNIGHT AGO. Not till Friday, in the Criminal Court, was the fact made public that on October 31 one patient in the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum slew another, by striking him on the head with a billet a of wood, and that on November 1 an inquest was 'held by the 'district coro- t ner, Mr. Morrison, at the asylum, and a verdict of wilful murder returned. The murderer ,was (states the "Argus") Valentine Curtis Robertson, a patient about 40 years old, who was admitted to the asylum in 1896. The victim was named Fitzroy Shanks, aged 65, and, was admitted as far back as 1862\. ' . I From the depositions taken at the t inquest, there was apparently no war- .f der present when the killing took place. c Shanks was standing at .the back of the cottages at about a quarter to 8 on the 'morning of October 31, waiting ;to go to his breakfast, when Robert son stole up behind him, with a billet of wood about 2tt. long in his hand, felled him, and battered his head with 1 it. Some other patients ran to give I 'the alarm, and Warder T. F. Duffy, i Warder John M'Affey, and Warder T. Murphy, from what they were 'told, t ran to the spot at the back of the cot tages. In his evidence, Warder Duffy said 4 that when 'he reached 'the place several other patients were standing around, and seemed excited. Warder M'Affey stated that when he arrived he' found Shanks lying on the 'ground, and Ro- 1 bertson standing by him. Robertson said, "Jesus Christ told me to do it." M'Affey asked, "What did you do it with?" Robertson answered, "With this piece of wood."' Warder Murphy said the patient Shanks was under his care that morn ing. He was a quiet, harmless pa tient, and free to walk about the grounds. At 20 minutes to 8 he saw Shanks lying on the ground at the back of the cottages. Robertson, who was standing !by the body, did not ap pear to be excited, and had always seemed harmless. 'Mr. IMacBirnie, M.B., deposed at the inquest that he was told at a quarter to 8 on the morning of October 31 that Shanks had been struck on the head a few minutes previously by Robertson with a billet of wood. He went to the place, and found Shanks had sus tained a compound fracture of, the skull, and an extensive wound on the left side of the scalp, which was bleed ing profusely. The victim never re gained consciousness, and died two hours later. The patient Robertson had various delusions albout messages which he said he received from the Holy Ghost. Some six months before he said he would kill himself, and on that account he was kept in "0" yard for a few weeks, and -then allowed. out to 'work in the plot in front of the yard. He was not a violent patient, and, to his knowledge, had never mo lested a fellow-patient or anyone else before, and therefore he was not con sidered dangerous, and did not require any special supervision. He 'was de cidedly insane. He twice admitted to witness 'having struck the deceased with the wood. Shanks was a quiet, inoffensive old man, and not likely to irritate anyone. Dr.. Neild found by post-mortem ex •amination that' Shanks's skull was ex t tensively fractured. In the Criminal Court yesterday morning Robertson was called and placed in the dock. Mr. Finlayson, Q.O., Informed Mr. Justice 'Hodges that the Crown' had evidence to show that the accused ras a not in a fit state to plead. The Jury was empanelled 'to decide whether the man was fit to plead or understand the proceedings against him. Evidence was given by Mr. Watkins, resident medical superintendent of the asylum, and Mr. MacBirnie, that the man was not fit to plead, nor to un derstand the proceedings, nor to in struct counsel. By direction of Mr. Justice Hodges, the jury found that Robertson was in sane. Mr. Justice ,Hodges ordered that the a accused 'be kept in strict custody dur o ing the Governor's pleasure. Wf hen being removed accused ex cla'med excitedly, "It is wrong to keep me there. I would kill all of you. It would be no sin." 