NOTES BY "FALCON". THE FAMILY GHOST. Mr. Chamberlain : "We shall make these amendments in the interests of the Empire. If any autonomous Colony finds the tie with England irksome, we shall be ready to grant it complete independence." The Family Ghost, which the other day.threatened to walk to some purpoae, : assisted byigentlemen like Mr. Griffith, Labonr member, and others, has now to walk in another sense. The statement by Mr. Chamberlain that England will-- 'grant any dissatisfied autonomous colony ita independence whenever it wishes it has taken all the starch ont of its winding-eheet If there ia nothing to frighten, then the occupation of the frightener is gone, and the ghost becomes merely the ghost of a ghost. Evidently Britannia, is not " taking any ;" her hair still hangs straight ; her lips remain as wiry aa ever; her hands are extended, eo that everyone may see they don't tremble a blt. Clause 74 is going to be much more easily settled aa a result of Mr. Chamberlain's declaration, which put into brutally plain Engliah amounts to this : We are going to have a voice in a constitution which is a contract to which we are an equal party, and if that voice is objected to then we shall decline to go on in the present pleasant relationship. In' a word, we, as the party denied the right of considering something which we are asked to create, will deolare our independence. THE WRITER OF A DISGRACEFUL ARTICLE. Miss Maud Gonne is young, unmarried, six feet high, and well proportioned, and, as will be seen from her portrait, pretty. There her recommend- ations end. For the rest she is a very vulgar pamphleteer, s newspaper firebrand, who mistakes adjectives for strength and a disturber of govern- ment, for the reason she is untutored. Miss Gonne ought recently to have got into trouble, given a term in a place where the fashion in dress is severe, but serviceable, and where such an un- disciplined character as hers would be bent beneath "system." Miss GONNE. Instead of this, the paper, the "United Irish- men," which had the indecency to. publish her article, was seized and suppressed, and the contents of the office applied to better une-under an axe. The article which this woman Gonne had the effrontery to write, and the editor of the "United Irishmen" the cowardice to - publish, occupied a column, and the oharacter of it may be judged from the following :- , . "lu truth for Viotoria in the decrepitude of her 81 years to haye decided af ter an absenoe.of half a century to re-visit the country she hates, and whose inhabitants are the victims of the,criminal policy of her reign-the survivors of 60" years of organised famine-the political necessity must have been terribly strong. For after all she is a woman, and however vile aad selfish aad (pitiless her soul may' be, ehe must sometimes tremble aa death approaches when she thinks of the countless Irish mothers who, sheltered under the cloudy Irish sky, watching their starving little ones, have i cursed her before they died. Every eviction ! during 63 years has been carried out in Victoria's name, and if there is a justice in Heaven the shame of these poor emigrant girls whoso very innocence ' renders them an easy prey, and who have been overcome in the very .struggle for existence on a foreign shore, will fall on., this woman, whose burgeois virtue is so boasted, and in whose name their homes were destroyed. . . . Taking the shamrock in her withered band, she dares to ask Ireland for soldiers to protect the exterminators bf their race, ... Queen return to your own land ; you will find no more Irishmen ready to swear the red shame of your livery." The very best proof of the freedom and generosity of Great Britain ' and its Sovereign. is that the publication bf articles of this character is at all possible. Such articles, substituting the local heads for her Majesty, could not be printed.iu any foreign country, and it is' questionable if they could appear even under the protection, of the American eagle. ' .. THE PENALTY OF WAR CORRESPONDING. War correspondents carry their life in their hands. Some of them pay their final reckoning every fresh international struggle, and generally under condi- tions of much sadness. Australia só'fár baa'ïôsfc two MB. SPOONEB. warcorrespondents.neçieeBarily both in the present trouble, one being Mr. Lambie, and the other Mr. Spooner. The first was shot in a desperate fight for life, and the second has succumbed to that dread dis- ease, enteric fever. Mr. Spooner represented the ' Town and Country Journal' and 1 Evening News, ' and was an excellent style of man in every way. The son of a military officer, he found his way into a newspaper office, as BO many journalists do, by gravitating there unconsciously, and soon made his mark in the pages of well- known Sydney parers. He had ia a measure what Thackeray had, the dual gift of writing and drawing, though it cannot be said that he was au artist of exceptional merit. Where he shone was ia faithful descriptive writing .nd in this branch be could alwayB command his reader's sympathy, and always be sure of keeping his audience for a future occasion. His letters on the present campaign were distinguished for his lucidity-they were sketches betraying the love of detail characteristic of the draughtsman, and they were available to all intellects, the layman's as well as the military expert's. Had he lived it is prob- able Mr. Spooner would have found a position in one of the big Loadon offioes, where, for he was still a young mah, his talents would have had that broader training which ii necessary to maturity. ' ' PUBLISHED IN BWEMFONTEIN.; ' A gentleman' descending1'from his flying machine in the year 3000 to paie an honr in the Bloemfon- tein Mnream may read oopiei of "TheFriend," edited by the war correspondents with Lord Roberts' force, with an interest akin to wonder. It will strike him in' the firit place as one of the strangest; papers eyer, issued, and if he doesn't know the particulars he will come to the conclusion that there were two gentlemen in the year 1900 who pretty well ran the . earth. These gentlemen are, .' I. Frederick Sleigh Baron Roberts, of Kandahar, K.P., Q.C.B.. G.C.S.I., G.C.I.E., V.C., et»., etc., and plain "G. T. Pretyman, Major General.". A file of six papers which has just reached the writer from the Orange Free State capital appears to talk of nothing else. It is not of mustard plaster size this journal of victorious days, but four feet long by two feet wide, and there are four pages at that -and crowded. Two of these pages are filled by the Frederick S.1 Baron Roberts and G. T. Prety- man aforesaid, and the headings are all of the one character, "Proclamation" or '*Proclamarte," according to the language of the text that follows, i General Roberts was evidently born to " threaten and command," aa the purport o: all his articles ia to tell the bur ghera what will happen to them it they do aa they shouldn't, and to instruct certain officials in regard to certain duties "by order of the Queen." "General Pretyman is mach on the same strain, though he breaks into humour in one of his longest notices,* publishing two columns of " Be it enacted," and finishing up with " God Bave the Queen," and then ina two-line paragraph underneath, announcing that "the above proclamation has been annulled* " The Friend" was-started soon if ter the tri- umphant entry of the British troops to Bloemfontein, and is General PretyMan I i edited by «Il the war correspondente (according; to ' notice) with Lord Roberts' force. The leading attiolee in the file to hand are essentially British, -showing that without his newspaper the English- man would be lost indeed. The editor, or editors, deal with the future of Africa, and incidentally touch on immigration, the franchise, municipal reform, public baths, and an Education Act. One could not expect better in an inland town in Australia, ia all the flash of a Borough Council, an Agricultural Association, and a FrogressCommittee. Two interesting columns are the " Answers to Correspondents," wherein Tommy Atkins is slighted for having written some verses to his lady's eyebrow, and " Kopje-book Maxims," a few of the latter being worth quoting. Thus-" Forage is victory, lyddite gas." Spare the solitary horse- man, he is bound to be a Britisher." " Raine your ; hat to the Boer and you'll be shot." " A shell on the rand is worth tea on the veldt." In one of the papers is a nicely written artiole. describing how one night, when "The Friend" waa going to prass, Rudyard Kipling dropped in with a little thing of his own," and dropped ont again with the boys for a drink. . MAFEKING. Mafeking ie reported from the seat of war to have been relieved. The community is relieved in con- sequence. The good work done by Colonel Fowell will, we may be Bare, never be effaced. It has been a terribly trying time this 217 days, of be leaguer, but tue garrison will come out of it aa heroes, even though thin. The publia will see no victor in all this but the gallant Colonel, bnt s consider- able amount of praise is due to everyone. A great part should go to Capt. Fitzclareuce, who has had cbarge of the artillerj during the entire siege. Thc Captain is a descendant of Wil liam IV., and so is a kinsman ol the Queen. In one of the earlie: engagements he was terioutlj wounded, but evidently thosi were not the days of locusts, bul of boney, as he soon pulled ronni Capt mtzclarcace I aga», The long defence of Mafeking brings bim credit, as well as Colonel Baden-Powell, though, of conree, it ia bat fair that the greatest meed of praise ehould go to him who carried the chief responsibility, and whose name now goes ia letters of gold on to the scroll of British heroes. A FAMOUS EX-COMMUNICANT. Everyone has been interested in Dr. St. George Mivarfc, and the refusal of the Roman Catholic Church to bary bis remains becanee of heretical nt.tÀr&nnm.; Therefore, his nnrtrait. though coming late, will be received with, grat- ification. The doctor's heirs j intend to institute proceedings against the Church, for its' decision not to recognise him, but it is difficult to see how they will succeed. The Roman Catholic, like any other church, is under no legal obligation to bury anyone, and as for the moral one- well, the Church has certain fixed lawa, and .not to accord with them is heresy, and some of these the late Dr. Mivart openly flouted. It is difficult in view of the attitude he took to see how his Church could have acted differently, and therefore his heirs fail on DB. MIVABT. obligations, as it ia presumed they will fail ia a court of law. Pending a decision as to what is to be doue in the latter way, the remains of the unfor- tunate controversialist have been deposited in the catacombs of a Church of England chapel. They were placed there without any ceremony .whatso- ever, though the plate on the coffin was inscribed 'Ex Umbris et imaginibus iu veritatem,' freely translatable as 'From darkness and uncertainty I into truth.' FALCON. I 