Departure of Rev' J. Worboys. COMPLIMENTARY SOCIAL. .. In connection w-th the departure of Rev. J. Worboys a social was hold last night in tho Baptist Church for the purpose of saying farewell. There was a large attendance,, and the chair -was occupied byiMf. J. D. Page. In addition to tho usual' speeches, framed addresses and tokens of various kinds ..were presented from tho Church, Sunday Sobool, Christian Endoavour Society' and Band of Hope. During the evening solos sung by Mrs. Edliri and Miss Hc£rn and a trio by Mr. and the Misses Wilkinson. Miss Wilkinson presided at the organ. Mr. T. Harvoy delivered a recitation. Tho chairman said that . ho ' well . .re: raombored the telegram ho received froir; pa'ator WorboyrWUonlioaecepted'tho'call to Bathurst. In that he said that he took up the work in Bathurst in God's .name. In that spirit he had commenced, and for seven years carried out tho work. Asv-a church they had had various troublos and difficulties, but through God's grace they had come through them and were now in. a better posi tion than ever tbey had been. Theinornbor Bhip had increased frora-84 to 188%.^Pastbr Worboys had baptised over 200 converts. Many of these had been transferred to other ohurches, and others had gone to places out sido Bathurst.. They had also insreiSed in their finances. The Sabbath School was marked by the .zeal of its teachers and the increase in scholars. They had an active-' OhristiunjEndoavor Sooiety anil ailouriah-( ing l!aud of Hope. . Great woflk had been done in the temperance oause, and there were those now associated with tho church who, seven years ago were drunkards. There had been an inoreass in preaching stations. Raglan had acquired a property, at Perth a noat hall had been built, and at Eglinton they had built a hall which was quite, free frpm debt. The Bathurst Church had; boon improved and enlarged. They now* had the proper titles to all their properties. While this had been going on there had been a deepening of spiritual life in the church. They all felt a deep sense of 'thankfulness to Qod for what had been done, and to tbeir Pastor for his self- denying efforts in his seeking to bring up those steeped in misery and sin. It was never any trouble to him to visit the home of tho poor and seek to oarry comfort and peaoe. He was' -to be commended for his earnestness in preaching,' and he always preaobed a straight-out gospel. Le always had shown stripfc- lbyalty to the distinctive principles of the Church; and was possessed of great organising ability. ..When he came to Bath'ilrst 'he' was coiui3.irE.UvcV,- a young man and ' had spent seven of the best years of his life.' They had been marked by hard work, but he had1 gained experience, and had learned thai; God's promises were yea and ainen to those who put their faith in Him. In saying farewell to him they heartily wished him suocess in his new sphere of labor. He was leaving one sphere of 'hard work for another whore the work was harder. He had sown the seed of the Gospel and witnessed successes, but his successor, no doubt,, would gather milch additional fruit.' He asked that the same loyal support might be extended to the incoming Pastor as had been given to Pastor Worboys. \ Mr, J. W. Lew wished Pastor Worboya, Mrs. Worboys and family God speed, and he was satisfied they would meet with suocess in Parramatta. . Pastor '.Worboys. work itx, Bathurst spoke/ for -'itself -in tfieVincrea'se '^rx tho Ohuroh. These-, results oouia-.not b.ave been seou'red without muoh' hard ? work. Pastor ' Worboys had been'- ^rdained in Heaven : for this work. It : would be impossible to keep him. out of the pulpit, and because of. this b-y ha'd had suocess. His large warm heatyednoss, and cheerfulness had been another reason for success. The speaker went 'on to make kindly reference to Mrs. W^orboys and the assistance she had boon to /the Pastor in his work. Eoferring to: thos'a who had boon converted under Pastor ,W. orboya' ministry, be mentioned Mr.Tinslq'y, who had gone to England to complete hl'is studies. He pre .dicted for him a bright tuture, and considered him the Spurgeon of Australia. The con-' verts were scattered .' everywhere and their influence for good wo.s borog felt on every, hand. . ' ' ? Mr. Stooks referral to the transformation scene whioh, had tatoan place ia the Ohurch during the, 'Pastor's ministry. He i(the speaker) heard him first at'Eglinton, and he then felt that he was the right man for Bathurst1. He-, feflt that he was full of the /Holy Ghost, and his service of the past seven . years had proved this to be the case, He had been highly ? blessed and favored by God.' His one object had been to glorify his' Master. He thanliied God for his associations with Pastor 'aind Mrs. Worboys. He lamented thali more of the leading citizens 'were not present* at the farewell gathering. If there was ome minis ter who defftrvod recognition it waB Pastor Worths', and ho thought that on such Occasions differences could be laid .aside. Pastor Worboys deserved recognition because of his energy . and ' zeal ' and deeds of self sacrifice and love. He 'was pleased to seo Mr. Beer present as an' acknowledgment of the Pastor's worth. (Seven years ago tho Ohuroh was in a delttpidated aonditiou, but during the time £800 had been spent in im proyouie ts an-1 enlarging the buiJding. In addition to the great.numbor of aorviebs in which the Pastor hid engaged, he had had the main portion of the managoinbnt of the work in connection with these alterations and- this was no easy task, Whatever differences might exist between Pastor Worboys and others, all must'a'dmit .that ho had always striven to propagate the Gospel of the Bible. He had had the loyal support of a loving people and he hoped .that success would attend his work in Parramatta. ' Mr.'.Drew, Perth, referred- briefly to tho good he had received Huder the ministry of Pastor Worboys. Mr. Wallace, Perth, dosoribed Pastor Wor-' boys as a man with tho courage of his opinion. Ho was impressed with his earnest ness. He seamed to be possessed of tho conviction that sinners were perishing, and Christ was waiting to save them. Mr. E, Boor. said ho wished ho had tho eloquence of a Gladstone or Reid- in ordoi. that ho might ' express the opinion ho hold of Pastor Worboy'B. Ho was. very sorry that ho was loaving ?_ Bath urst because of tho good work .he IjiuI done. Ho had .occasionally attended the ohuroh had, no sympathy with those who ran about from from one church to another, but he was no bigot. Ho admired those -who had their own church and supported it. He hoped that success would attend Mr. Wor boys in the future. i Bev. J. Worboys, in response said that .ho had never experienced more difficulty in say ing farewell because of the depth of love and affection whioh had been manifested towards him. Ho had thanked the ohuroh for their generous and kind expression of feeling. The token of their lovo as presented - to him that evening would be cherished by him He. .believed in helping .forward the work of the Sabbath Sohool, The Band of Hope, and Ohristian Endeavor Sooiety had also occupied his attention and he thanked members for their loyalty to the cause of temperance and to the Ohuroh. Sinoe it had booome known that'ho 'was ' leaving Bathurst he. had been the recipient of various tokens, one had a comical sido as well as pathetioal. This present consisted of a Roman Oatholio prayer book. - They all know that he had been antagonistic to the Roman Catholio Ohuroh, but he had no foeling other than love to tho mombers. The prayer book he received from a man in low circumstances. He was called on to see him in the hospital, and be visited him ragularly until he recovered. This the man and his wife had not forgotten and he wished him to aooept some token of their love and esteem. .The book was the only present they had, and he (the speaker) would cherish it. He was . thankful for the privilege of laboring for seven years in Bathurst. Reference had been made to its being hard work, but it was a work of love. His 'time ha'd been fully ocoupied, and the success that had followed his labor was not due to him, but to the power and grace of the Holy Ghost. He had never lost the distinctive sense of the presence and power of tho Holy Spirit in his life, and he asoribed all his success to that. He know he had his failings, but he always strove to do tho right, and never wilfully did another wrong. When leaving Bathurst he asked the forgive ness of any citizen who felt himself agrieved at anything he had done or said. He came to preach the Gospel as he understood it, and he had never once knowingly held baok a partiole of the truth. If the Baptist Ohuroh deviatedfroua.whathe considered was the true gospel, ho would speak as strongly against it as he had done against anything he considered was an error. He . appreciated all Christian Churohes, and had never spoken unkindly of any. He acknowledged the empathy and help he'' had received from other Ohurohes. A few years ago -'the Baptists had met with strong opposition Tout this was now passed. He enjoyed op position so long as it was straight and open. He delighted in controversy because it did good. Through the controversy- good had been done and the ohuroh had been bnilt up. He was satisfied that the more controversy there was the better would it be for the Baptist Ohuroh. He . was thankful that through it all be had kept his temper and had carried on the controversy in a Christian spirit. As a result of the con troversy he believed that the day would como when the present Ohuroh would not be large enough to hold their increased numbers. He had met with men who in saying fare well- had thanked him for his manly conduct. ' Prominent Roman Catholics toil said they were sorry that he was Reaving. There were too few ministers who were ready to go into the homos of poverty 'and wrctohedness and seek to raise up the drunkard. Anotber'had complimented him on having filled the . ohuroh with men and women who previously had never attended any place of worship. No man had been more blessed in having around him an army of loyal workers and he predioted for his sucoessor much happiness and success. He thought the Ohuroh should do more than they did to keep the young men. He had always made it a point to address the Sun day; School once a month and bring direotly under the notice of the scholars the principles of the ohuroh. It. was a cause for rojobing that good reaults were seen through this. The temperance work had appealed to his heart. Ho believed that every Ohuroh member should be a total . abstainer. There were some Ohurch members in the oifcy who made the work of the temperance reformer 'harder because of their want of consistency. Ho knew of a case in whioh he had been trying day and night to 'get a. man off the drink. A member of one of the qhurbhes, w.ho was. in. the'' habit qi taking the com munion, actually met this unfortunate man in the park and took him to the publio house. It was monstrous that such things should be allowed. They wantod more real life in the temperance cause. He was happy to say .their Baud of Hope were all alive and had taken a distinctive stand in pressing temper ance, reform to the front. Although many reformed drunkards had become members of the ohuroh yot thore were some over whom many prayera had been offered, and who had caused some anxiety wore still fallowing their old habits, but their prayers for such would never oeaso. Through the agenoy of tho Ohristian Endoavour Sooioty several young men had offerod themselves for tho work of tho Ministry, and he hoped that he would be ablo to sond at least two more to England to the College. Ho was grateful for tho kindly references to his wifo who had helped him marvellously in his ministerial work as well ra in the home. She had borne much and was always ready to undertake any task so long as sho could assist in the work of the Churoh. He should not have left Bathurst but that he felt that ho was called to Parramatta. He had mado it a matter of prayer and although he had rocoived a call from Tasmania he did not accept it. Some thing had told him that Parramatta would bt open to him, and before tho call came ho was propared to acoopt. Ho had since boen asked by another largo Ohuroh if it was too lato to submit a call to him. Ho had had no settled stipend in Bathurst, but throughout the wholo time, although his congrogntion was not wealthy, ho had boon provided with all that was requisite through his dopondonce on God. Eoforonco had boon made to tho absonco of influential men at the prosent mooting. This did not affoot him. He novor fawned on any man whether, ho was Mayor or mombor of Parlia ment or anything olso. Ho was always happy with tho mon who had been loyal to tho Ohurch and ho went to mon to bring them to Christ, treating all mon alike. Ho hoped that olass distinotion and rank would never be tolerated in tho Baptist Ohuroh. He nsked for his successor the loyal suppor whioh had been extended to him, and sought the prayers of his people for himself in his new sphere of labor. Following on this - address refreshments were handed round, after whioh the meeting olosed. 