PAVEMENT PICTURES. A DAY WITH THE CHALKS. So many weird stQries of the vast profits netted by pavement artists have found their way into print, that for my own satisfac tion (writes an artist correspondent in a con temporary) I determined io go in character and chalk pictures on the flagetones of West End London, to see if fortune really lay in that direction. We have all heard tales of one man chalking a series of pictures in different parts of town.going his rounds in a cab, and netting a royalty from each "pitch," presided over during the day by beggars incapablo of any artistic effort; but these stories never had any truth in them. The Artistic Ghost moves in higher circles than those of pavement pastelling. If we may judge from the continued decadence of Pavement Art, the profession is not so flourishing as it used to be. The public sup port is ill; the Old Masters who used to chalk, with an air of conviction, those old favourites of this al-fresco .art-the mouse gnawing a tallow candle stuck in a ginger beer bottle, the lalf of a salmon, the storm at sea, and that especially popular example of pavement mimicry, the plate of ham and eggs-are dead, and their successors are both artless and lazy. So lazy indeed, or so labour saving, that they chalk ttheir: altogcther int: 4ferier elforts on eardbcards;,whlctlhty biidng out every morning. and take home every night, instead of manfully setting-to and working on the stony-hearted sidewalk day by day. The public have not been slow to notice this last dodge, and haive withheld their coppers accordingly. The latest novelty as we have recently seen, in this profession, is the Lady Pavement Artist-" the only one," as she proudly announces; but whether she inds the reward sufficient to pay for the hard work is known only to herself. THE PRIELIMIN?AIES. For my own part, let things go never so bIdly, I should never seriously turn to seek the suftrages and the halfpence of the way fayers along the streets after the experi ences of my amateur day on the pavement. In preparing for this expedition, time first difliculty,afterhavingpurchased seven penny worth of assorted coioured chalks, and tying them in a dilapidated duster, was to find clothes disgracefu", ,habby enough to dress the character. In mere personal appearance there was no trouble whatever. Figure to yourself a person under the best circum stances attenuated and lantern-iawcd, and you will readily conceive that.going unshaven fora week, such an one would look pitiful enough without the looped and windowed raggedness found and worn for the occasion. If ever a poor devil seemed to need your cop -pers to keep him out of the casual ward, the writer looked such, and formed an object of interest to the early morning policeman as lie shambled, with a boot and a half on his feet, and other garments to match, down Park lane to Piccadilly, where the destined pitch lay. The ordinary pavement artist does not commence business so early. He keeps bankers' and civil servants' hours, and puts in an appearance between ten and eleven o'clock. The amateur has, perforce, td leave home before anyone is about, if he would not have all his neighbours talking about him and drawing the mildest conclusion from the spectacle. So to Piccadilly before the day .is well aired, and to rest and contemplation on a seat in the Green Park at the hour of 7.30 a.m., much to the outspoken disgust and contempt of certain British workmen going to breakfast who opined that one had been there all night, and looked in consequence like having " slept in a field with the gate open." A FEW PRACTICAL HINTS. It is by no nmeans difficult to chalk the pavement into pictures. Given an even stone, first carefully dusted, it forms, with chalks, an excellent and docile medium for blending colours: You do the chalking crudely, rubb touches with pointed pieces of chalk of the requisite colours. The technique of pave ment art is probably the easiest technique in the ,whole range of artlttic effort. Take, for seample, the once favourite subject with these open-air pas~telists, and perhaps the most popular with the public-the mackerel. Nothing easier than to represent such a fish, fresh from the sea,with his scales glistening, his '" harmonies in silver, and black and blue ": nothing is so readily done, except in deed. the stoneware ginger beer bottle with a candle guttering down the sidles of it, or the simple but effective piece of streaky bacon, which you do with a judicious admixture of brown, ro-e-pink. yellow, and while. Only, bear in mind that the critical public who flock round your gallery of popular art, and audibly express their opinions (but are chary of parting with their pence), don't like low tones. None of your impressionism or gauzy subtleties for them, so far as treat ment goes; while as for subject, you must be " actual," as the modern phrase has it, and if you can comment pictorially on the morn ing paper in the most startling chalks it is possible to buy, why then the admiring criticism of the butcher-boys and all the many varieties of street urchins will make you blush. (But they don't give you any thing.) A blood-boltered battlefield or horrid railway accident-no matter the drawing so song as the colouring is lurid-will alway draw a crowd; and sentiment, so long as. you are careful to lay the pathos on with a trowel, so to say, is great. Probably the most successful hits in pavement art are the harrowing things of the domestic senti mental sort-the series which show " The Old Home," the '" Prodigal Leaving Home," " The Return-His Mother's Grave," the " Prodigal's End," and so forth. " MOVED ON." The mistake the present writer made was the very serious one of trying to do work above this level. Landscape and the picturesque are " drugs " in the open-air art market. The first series was chalked on the flagstones by the Green-park, and had not been completed when a half-penny rang on them; first fruits of public approbation. Then the police interfered, and art was- gently and firmnly, but still unmistakably "moved on." The constable was kind and almost apologetic to the miserable-looking wretch he bade go away. His inspector, he said, had forbidden the use of this pavement to pavement artists; "but," he adlded, " vou can find a pitch at Hyde Park Corner," and so, first carefully obliterating the pictures, I repaired to that busy pavement just by the ran .eheered somewhat by the sym to business Citywards. INCIDENTS OF THE DAY. INo one but the pavement-artist can have anoy notion of how great the amount of dust is id London's streets.. Clearing a space, the pictures were all elhalked anew, with appro priate appeals to tihe public, in the woel eown style "Iany can help one," "Ido. this to earn my bread," and so forth; but the dust hlad to be continually brushed away and the gallery touched up. . Then annoyin)in cidents began to happeni aworkman, stagger oing with drink, came and blinked with tipsy gravity, " Blest if I.couldn't dror better meself," said he. The ciiticism mattered little, but as he exhibited an inclination to fall ldown and go tosleep on the despised pie .tures,the sittation grew' a little alarming, the more especially asone of those easily- amused street crowds-' began to gathem' to see the fun \--if any-whlileanother crowd gatherd round the first, tourk wlkha thle matter wa;. Then the police canit t the rescue with their wel com?n? Parscaivl-cy," acnl peace reigned. SThen a passeIrby, whlo In,,Lked liike a lawyer'sa ccl?l. stopeld hurriedly down and. soomewhat.cchamefaeedly, so it -ee?md.i,ressedl twopence i, thie poor artists ao nd. And that was tihe la-. donaticon received tlhat day, al thloughl this unique exhlibition was open Intil a late tloltr in the afternoon. A BIIOTHERt ARTIST. There was another (a '" brother artist " hie perhaps shoulcl be called) who, had a show close by. He was a youncgster of about 13, who appcaredC at about one o'clock. furious at thce sightc of a new- cnmer on thlis, whith seemed to be at one end of his daily pitch. So he ccame, with abuse ani hoIrrid tLieats of extrncdillg his slhow onc to mcinc, andc thuc capturing all thie public support. All tchese attacks hIad to be received with the stoicism of an Indian fakir, for the very exebllent reason that, if y:aica.:pt hra.i bee made to reply in the language of the streets., .the wortdy conte't would ver;vy o:e .n've reLvealed iitferenole IoLat iL edLO.Lt. :i lnl fill e, tihe boy presently changed to conidenees.. He did well, it would seem,. however others might fare. Four shillings and sixpence a day was his average. Probably his youth appealed to the sentimental public, while certainly what he called the " 'orscs 'cnads " he drew badly and onloured vilely; brought him don ations from passing lorsey men. But if he obtained all tile public favours, there was one crumb of comfort in the professional approval he vouchsafed: "LL Yer colour ain's whatcher might call strong enuf; but yer can dror." What better pleasing criticism could one--by profession a black and white artist lulvo than this ? RIesult of the day's adventure-3Ld. loss. on balance, a violent headache, and nearly a. sunstroke from the heat radiated from the! pavement. and a curious insight into a little understood industryI 