TURF TOPICS, As the Boulder Race Club should now be well in funds, many im provements to their course will pro bably be taken in hand. The course proper certainly wants looking to. The present rails should be con tinued at least as far as the bottom of the straight, if not all round. One defect which was much felt by those in the outside enclosure at the Boulfler was the position in which the winning numbers were hoisted, the flatites being totally unable to see the result of any race. And, again, no board was visible giving the jockeys' names or which horses they were to steer in the races. The splendid attendance at the Kalgoorlie race meeting and the large fields competing for the stakes provided, show without doubt how popular the sport is on the gold- fields, and it only lies with the local clubs to promote monthly gather ings, and the patronage of thegold- fields' population is sure to be ex tended to them. The new grand stand at Kalgoor lie, although not yet completed, met with the greatest approval from the public. The ladies declared themselves delighted with the ac commodation provided; and, in fact, no one's interests have been forgotten. Egmont, who was served up a very hot favorite for the Hurdle Race on Wednesday, lost his rider two hurdles from .home. Although Mr. Temby's horse did not fall, he rapped the timber very hard, and pecked badly on landing, unseating his jockey, and so extinguishing the hopes of his backers. The Stewards' Plate was voted the best of good things for Waii-iri, the ring at first offering to take 3 to 1 about the mare, but after a strong commission had been worked in favor of Aqua the mare's price eased to 6 to 4 on. The race proved , a very slow one, and in reality con fined itself to a Bprint up the straight, in which the favorite just managed to get home. The Flying Handicap, did the punters a good turn, Black Demon, the favorite, getting home pretty easily from British Lock. Bob Trewartha is to be congratu lated on his win on Maecenas; and it is a wonder that this capable horseman has not been seen more often in the saddle during the gold- fields campaign. The Palmer would probably have been a bit closer in the Kalgoorlie Handicap had he not slightly stumbled just before passing the post. Merryman, after his recent shifty displays, was run in blinkers for the Ladies' Bracelet. The innova tion appeared to answer well, as the son of Neckersgat wpn his race in brilliant fashion. By the victory of La Carbine in the Australian Crip the ring scored a big win, the downfall of Parthian and War God again proving the glorious uncertainty of horse racing. Another Bill of Portland two- year-old that is likely to make his mark next season is Malster, who easily defeated the strong favorite, Finland, in the Ascot Vale Stakes. The old grey, Snapshot, is reckoned as one of the best for the Great Eastern Steeplechase. Forest started favorite for the Hooghly Stakes at Calcutta, which was won by Alan in the good time of lmin. 3sec. for the five furlongs. Mr. J. Wilson, thanks to Palmer, won £1700. in stakes at the recent V.A.T.C. Autumn meeting. A New Zealand horse is now running under the break jaw name of Eketirina Passeropoulo ; the owner evidently intends to trouble the ring one way or another. The Australian horses won five out of the seven events on the second day of the Calcutta meeting. Mr. G. G. Stead's crack colt, Screw Gun, accounted for the Middle Park Plate at the Canterbury Jockey Club's Summer meeting. The bumping that took place in the St. Heliers Stakes was of such a rough character that Kobold got his shoulder broken and had to be shot, which means a serious loss to Foul- sham. "Ike" reckons the horse was well worth £350. Major Orr-Ewing, who owned Metallic when she won the Viceroy's Cup, is amongst the officers of the Warwickshire Yeomanry now at the front under Lord Chesham. John T. King, well-lmown in pony racing circles on the other side, is a member of the Victorian Bushman's corps, and will use the well-known hunter, Safe Convey ance, as his charger. The first kangaroo ever shot in Europe was laid low recently in the forest at Diepholz, hear Hanover, in Germany. The owner of this forest several years ago imported kangaroos and let them loose on his property. They have increased and multiplied, and are apparently quite at home in the Fath'erland. The V.A.T.C. sustained a loss of about £1000 on their Autumn meeting. The Licensed Victuallers' race meeting, to be held on the Kalgoorlie course on Wednesday next, bids fair to eclipse any one day meeting yet held - on the fields. The weights appear in another column. The gates for the forthcoming JJiUCUOCU. V lUUUciiidO IdGO UlQOUiUg fetched £130 ; the inside and out side booths bringing £100 and £110 respectively. The Boulder City Band have been engaged to play at the race meeting on Wednesday next. The first race starts at 1.30 p.m. All the Boulder storekeepers will be asked to close at noon on Wednesday, in order to give their assistants a chance of witnessing the first race. Trainers, j ockeys, andibookmakerfe can obtain their tickets and licenses from the secretary, Mr. Snowball, at his office in the Miners' Institute up till 8 p.m. on Tuesday, March 13. A meeting of the stewards for the Licensed Victuallers' race meeting will be held on the Kalgoorlie race course this afternoon at 3.30 p.m., when final arrangements will be made and the course inspected. Fred. Morris, besides owning the winner of the Kalgoorlie Handicap, was lucky enough to draw The Palmer, who finished third, in f2nnnal>ei' " amnari Willie, who started a hot favorite for the Kalgoorlie Handicap, cut up very badly, and evidently does not fancy a heavy course. Last week a letter appeared in this paper purporting to come from one of the hurdle race jockeys com plaining of the scale of weights in jumpers' flat races. As he justly remarks those jockeys who through weight are compelled to confine themselves to races over the sticks should, as on the other side, be en abled to perform on the flat in races confined to hurdlers. Mr. Pell,: in making tbe minimum weight 7st. 21b. in the recent Jumpers' Flat Race at the Boulder, probably had in mind the dislike that owners have to racing their horses on the flat with big weights up. Yet- in all justice to the hurdle race jockeys this matter should be definitely settled once and for all. O verheard as the amateur riders in Wednesday's Bracelet were on their way to the post. Gentleman in Leger enclosure to amateur jock; " I say, mate, do you think you can. stick on?" Haughty sijence on the. part of the > amateur. ! . Tne deaih of Mr. Allan Parker robs the goldfields racing community of one of our most ardent sportsmen. Mr. Parker has been chiefly asso ciated with Shamrock Ale as far as ownership is concerned, but coming as he did of a real sporting family he always had the interests of horse racing at heart, and the gap in ithe sporting ranks caused by his death will not be easily filled. Many and amusing were the de vices tried by the boys to gain ad mission to the enclosure on Wednes day last without paying. One' of the most amusing was the appear ance of a big 16st. man, who had by some means become possessed of a j ockey's ticket. His a ssurance, how ever, that he rode with the welters was unavailing. Yet another tried to pass himself off as the ghost of a deceased member, but it did :not work. Tom Duff's consultation on the Licensed Victuallers' Handicap (which is promoted at the request of and under the patronage of the Licensed Victuallers' Association) is receiving such good support that it should close fully subscribed. Tickets can be obtained at Mr. Duff's office in Hannan-street. 