A GHOST IN THE FENS. Some strange phenomena bave been start* lug ibe distiict of tbe treat fen ievol of Hun tiagdonabire aud Cambridgealirr. It appear* that in Tick Fen a Hamtay magistrate ban a farm, at tbe extremity of whirb, far away from anv other buildings, live a housekeeper named Rowthan, his wife, arid a bed-ridden daughter. The cottage ia a typical fen shanty of wood and tbalcb, aud adjoioiug it is a similar teae mf-ut occupied by the farm foreman, Levitt and bia wife. Miss Rowthan, wbo ia 18 years of age. and has been confined to her bed for nearly twelve months, slept in a room mar the thatch, her bedstead resting against the gable cud of tbe roof. At twelve o'clock oae night gentle reupings against her bed wrra heard, and as the walls ate wooden the uoise was mare apparent. At first the sound came in wqutncea oi tnrce and lour increasing to six ana seven ac a time, and grorriag louder ae tbey proceeded. Than tbev ceased tor a apace, aud recom menced more vigorously, until tbey were beard by the next dour neighbours — according ta one repot t. at a farmhouse 500 yards off. Tbe mother aod father, at rest in the same room, were also alarmed, bat for a time did nothing, thinking the manifestations would cease. Tbese lDBtead' increased, until the ' 'ghost* ' became so noisy as to almost threaten a teinfic crash. Nothing was tu be neea, though it was clear udetai light, and the disturbaace con tinued to' ring out across the fens. Tke rap p'ing« occurred at intervals until dawn On tke following sight, though at a Uiffmnt time, a repetition of the phenomena oc curred. Ueanwbile the inmates, wbo had suffered tbe mysterious affair in silence, bad determined upon decisive action. Ou the third night tbe father, tskiag a loaded guu, went outside the building, but the rap pings aguinst tae gable wera renewed moie vigorously than ever. Starch parties were organised, but evervone remained bafflad. Tba countryside began to talk, aud watch parties assembled in the cottages uatil morning, but the pulsations oeutiaued whilst eyes were Bird on tbe very spot en which the invisible blows were riven. The landlord's extate bailiff, lugt- tber witb a companion, kept vigil in the bouBe lrom midnight till three, tbe uoises bring- repeated with tbe greatestfreedom. Hundiedr of people bave visited the place.and solicitors, merchants, and others from tbe surrounding district have made critical examiualien af the bousp, but without being able to give a plausible reason for the mysterious seuodi. 