ON THE LEADS. A GHOST STORY, By S. BARING-GOULD (Author of "Mehalah," "John Herring," etc.) Having realised a competence in Aus- tralia, and having a hankering after country life for the remainder of my days in the old home, on my return to Eng- land I went to an agent with the object of renting a house with shooting attached, over at least three thousand acres, with the option of a purchase should the place suit me. I was no more intending to buy a country seat without having tried. what is was like than is a king disposed to go to war without knowing something of the force that can be brought against him. I was rather taken with photo- graphs of a manor called Fernwood, and I was still further engaged when I saw the place itself on a beautiful October day, when St. Luke's summer was turn- ing the country into a world of rainbow tints under a warm sun, and a soft va- porous blue haze tinted all shadows cobalt, and gave to the hills a statelines that made them look like mountains. Fernwood was an old house, built in the shape of the letter H, and, therefore, presumably dating from the time of the early Tudor monarchs. The porch open- ed into the hall, which was on the left of the cross stroke, and the drawing- room was on the right. There was one incon- venience about the house; it had a stair- case at each extremity of the cross stroke, and there was no upstair communication between the two wings of the mansion. But as a practical man, I saw how this might be remedied. The front door faced the south, and the hall was win- dowless on the north. Nothing easier than to run a corridor along at the back, giving communication both upstairs and downstairs, without passing through the hall. The whole thing could be done for, at the outside, two hundred pounds, and would be no disfigurement to the place. I agreed to become tenant of Fernwood for a twelve month in which time I should be able to judge whether the place would suit me, the neighbours be pleasant and the climate agree with my wife. We went down to Fernwood at once, and settled ourselves comfort- ably in by the first week in November. The house was furnished; it was the property of an elderly gentleman, a bachelor named Framett, who lived in rooms in town, and spent most of his time at the club. He was supposed to have been jilted by his intended, after which he eschewed female society, and remained unmarried. I called on him before taking up our residence at Fernwood, and found him a somewhat blase, languid, cold-blooded creature, not at all proud of having a noble manor house that had belonged to his family for four centuries; very will- ing to sell it, so as to spite a cousin who calculated on coming in for the estate, and whom Mr. Framett, with the malig- nity that is sometimes found in old people, was particularly desirous of dis- appointing. "The house has been let before, I sup- pose," said I. "Oh, yes," he replied indifferently, "I believe so, several times." "For long?" "No—o. I believe, not for long." "Have the tenants had any particular reasons for not remaining on there—if I may be so bold as to enquire?" "All people have reasons to offer, but what they offer you are not supposed to receive as genuine." I could get no more from him than this. "I think, sir, if I were you I would not go down to Fernwood till after Nov- ember was out." "But," said I, "I want the shooting." "Ah to be sure—the shooting. ah! I should have preferred if you could have waited till December began." "That would not suit me." I said, and so the matter ended. When we were settled in, we occupied the right wing of the house. The left, or west, wing was but scantily furnished, and looked cheerless, as thought rarely tenanted. We were not a large family, my wife and myself alone; there was consequently ample accommodation in the east wing for us. The servants were placed above the kitchen, in a por- tion of the house I have not yet describ- ed. It was a half wing, if I may so describe it, built on the north side parallel with the upper arm of the west- ern limb of the hall, and the H. This block had a gable to the north like the wings, and a broad lead valley was be- tween them, that, as I learned from the agent, had to be attended to after the fall of the leaf, and in times of snow, to clear it. Access to this valley could be had from within, by means of a little window in the roof, formed as a dormer. A short ladder allowed anyone to ascend from the passage to this windows and open or shut it. The western staircase gave access to this passage, from which the servants' rooms in the new block were reached, as also the untenanted apart- ments in the old wing. And as there were no windows in the extremities of this passage, that ran due north and south, it derived all its light from the afore-mentioned dormer window. One night, after we had been in the house about a week, I was sitting up smoking with a little whisky and water at my elbow, reading a review of an ab- surd, ignorantly-written book on New South Wales, when I heard a tap at the door, and the parlour-maid came in, and said in a nervous tone of voice: "Beg your pardon, sir, but cook nor I, nor none of us, dare go to bed." "Why not'?" I asked, looking up in surprise. "Please, sir, we dursn't go into the passage to get to our rooms." "Whatever is the matter with the pas- sage?" "Oh, nothing, sir, with the passage. Would you mind, sir, just coming to see? We don't know what to make of it." I put down my Review with a grunt of dissatisfaction, laid my pipe aside, and followed the maid. She led me through the hall, and up the staircase at the western extremity. On reaching the upper landing, I saw all the maids there in a cluster, and all evidently much scared. "Whatever is all this nonsense about?" I asked. "Please, sir, will you look? We can't say." The parlourmaid pointed to an oblong patch of moonlight on the wall of the passage. The night was cloudless, and the full moon shone slanting in through the dormer, and painted a brilliant silver strip on the wall opposite. The window being on the side of the roof to the east, we could not see that, but did see the light thrown through it against the wall. This patch of reflected light was about seven feet above the floor. The window itself was some ten feet up and the passage was but four feet wide. I enter into these particulars for reasons that will presently appear. The window was divided into three parts by wooden mullions, and was com- posed of four panes of glass in each com- partment. Now I could distinctly see the reflec- tion of the moon through the winduow with the black bars up and down, and the division of the panes. But I saw more than that: I saw the shadow of a lean arm with a hand and thin lengthy fingers across a portion of the window, apparently groping at where was the latch by which the casement could be opened. My impression at that moment was that there was a burglar on the leads, trying to enter the house by means of this dormer. Without a minute's hesitation I ran into the passage and looked up at the window, but could see only a portion of it, as in shape it was low, though broad, and, as already stated, was set at a great height. But at that moment something fluttered past it, like a rush of flapping draperies, obscuring the light. I placed the ladder, which I found hooked up to the wall, in position, and planted my foot on the lowest rung, when my wife arrived. She had been alarmed by the housemaid, and now she clung to me, and protested that I was not to ascend without my pistol. To satisfy her, I got my Colt's revol- ver, that I always, kept loaded, and then, but only hesitatingly, did she allow me to mount. I ascended to the casement, unhasped it, and.looked out. I could see nothing. The ladder was over short, and it recuired an effort to heave oneself from it, through the case- ment on to the leads. I am stout, and not as nimble as I was when younger. After one or two efforts, and after pre- senting from below an appearance that would have provoked laughter at any other time, I succeeded in getting through and upon the leads. I looked up and down the valley— there was absolutely nothing to be seen except an accumulation of leaves carried there from the trees that were shedding their foliage. The situation was vastly puzzling. As far as I could judge there was no way off the roof, no other window opening into the valley: I did not go along upon the leads, as it was night, and the moon- light is treacherous. Moreover, I was wholly unacquainted with the arrange- ment of the roof, and had no wish to risk a fall. I descended from the window with my feet groping for the upper rung of the ladder, in a manner even more grotesque than my ascent through the casement, but neither my wife—usually extre- mely alive to anything ridiculous in my appearance—nor the domestics were in a mood to make merry. I fastened the window after me, and had hardly reach- ed the bottom of the ladder before again a shadow flickered across the patch of moonlight . I was fairly perplexed, and stood musing. Then I recalled that imme- diately behind the house the ground rose; that, in fact, the house lay under a considerable hill. It was just possible by ascending the slope, to reach the level of the gutter and rake the leads from one extremity to the other with my eye. I mentioned this to my wife and at once the whole set of maids trailed down the stairs after us. They were afraid to remain in the passage, and they were curious to see if there really were some person on the leads. We went out at the back of the house, and ascended the bank till we were on a level with the broad gutter between the gables. I now saw that this gutter did not run through but stopped against the hall roof: consequently, unless there were some opening of which I knew noth- ing, the person on the leads could not leave the place, save by the dormer win- dow, when open, or by swarming down the tall pipe. It at once occurred to me that if what I had seen were the shadow of a burglar, he might have mounted by means of the rain water pipe. But if so—how had he vanished the moment my head was pro- truded through the window? and how was it I had seen the shadow flicker past the light immediately I had descended the ladder? It was conceivable that the man had concealed himself in the shadow of the hall roof, and had taken advan- tage of my withdrawal to run past the window so as to reach the fall pipe, and let himself down by that. I could however, see no one running away, as I must have done going out- side so soon after his supposed descent. But the whole affair became more per- plexing when, looking towards the leads, I saw in the moonlight something with fluttering garments running up and down them. There could be no mistake—the object was a woman, and her garments were mere tatters. We could not hear a sound. I looked round at my wife and the ser- vants—they saw this weird object as dis- tinctly as myself. It was more like a gi- gantic bat than a human being, and yet, that it was a woman we could not doubt, for the arms were now and then thrown above the head in wild gesticulation, and at a moment's notice a profile was pre- sented, and then we saw or thought we saw, long flapping hair, unbound. "I must go back to the ladder," said I, "you remain where you are watching." "Oh. Edward! not alone," pleaded my wife. "My dear, who is to go with me?" I went. I had left the back door un- locek, and I ascended the staircase and entered the passage. Again I saw the shadow flicker past the moonlit patch on the wall opposite the window. I ascended the ladder and opened the casement. Then I heard the clock in the hall strike one. I heaved myself up to the sill with great labour, and endeavoured to thrust my short body through the window when I heard feet on the stairs, and next moment my wife's voice from below, at the foot of the ladder. "Oh. Edward. Ed- ward! please do not go out there again. It has vanished. All at once. There is nothing there now to be seen." I returned, touched the ladder tenta- tively with my feet, refastened the win- dow, and descended—perhaps inelegant- ly. I then went down with my wife, and with her returned up the bank, to the spot where stood clustered our servants. They had seen nothing further: and al- though I remained on the spot watching for half an hour, I also saw nothine more. The maids were too frightened to go to bed and so agreed to sit up in the kitch- en for the rest of the night by a good fire and I gave them a bottle of sherry to mull and make themselves comfort- able upon, and to help them to recover their courage. Although I went to bed I could not sleep. I was completely baffled by what I had seen. I could in no way explain what the object was and how it had left the leads. Next day I sent for the village mason and asked him to set a long ladder against the well head of the fall pipe, and examine the valley between the gables. At the same time I would mount to the little window and contemplate pro- ceedings through that. The man had to send for a ladder suf- ficiently long and that occupied some time. However, at length he had it planted, and then mounted. When he approached the dormer window— "Give me a hand." said I "and haul me up, I would like to satisfy myself with my own eyes, that there is no other means of getting upon or leaving the leads." He took me under both shoulders, and heaved me out, and I stood with him in the broad lead gutter. "There's no other opening whatever," said he, "and Lord love you, sir, I be- lieve that what you saw was no more than this," and he pointed to a branch of a noble cedar that grew hard by the west side of the house. "I warrant, sir," said he, "that what you saw was this here bough as has been carried by a storm and thrown here, and the wind last night swept it up and down the leads." "But was there any wind?" I asked. "I do not remember that there was." ''I can't say,"' said he; "before twelve o'clock I was fast asleep, and it might have blown a gale and I hear nothing of it." "I suppose there must have beep some wind," said I, "and that I was too sur- prised and—the women too frightened, to observe it," I laughed. "So this mar- vellous spectral phenomenon receives a very prosaic and natural explanation. Mason, throw down the bough, and we will burn it to-night." The branch was cast over the ledge and fell at the back of the house. I left the leads, descended, and going out, picked, up the cedar branch, brought it into the hall, summoned the servants, and said, derisively—"Here is an illustration of the way weak minded women get scared. Now we will burn the burglar or ghost that we saw. It turns out to be nothing but this branch, blown up and down the leads by the wind." "But, Edward," said my wife, "there was not a breath stirring.'' "There must have been. Only where we were we were sheltered, and did not observe it. Aloft, it blew across the roofs, and formed an eddy that caught the bro- ken bough, lifted it, carried it first one way then spun it round and carried it the reverse way. In fact the wind be- tween the two roofs assumed a spiral movement. I hope now you are all sat- isfed. I am." So the bough was burnt, and our fears —I mean those of the females were al- layed. In the evening, after dinner, as I sat with my wife, she said to me, "Half a bottle would have been enough, Edward. Indeed, I think half a bottle was too much; you should not give the girls a liking for sherry, it may lead to bad re- sults. If it had been elderberry wine, that would have been different." "But there is no elderberry wine in the house," I objected. "Well, I hope no harm will come of it, but I greatly mistrust—" "Please, sir, it is there again." The parlour-maid with a blanched face was at the door. "Nonsense," said I, "we burnt it." "This comes of the sherry," observed my wife. "They will be seeing ghosts ev- ery night." ''But, my dear, you saw it as well as myself !" I rose, my wife followed, and we went to the landing as before, and sure enough, against the patch of moonlight cast through the window in the roof, was the arm again, and then a flutter of shadows, as if cast by garments. "It was not the bough," said my wife. "If this had been seen immediately after the sherry I should not have been sur- prised, but, as it is now it is most extra- ordinary.' ''I'll have this part of the house shut up," said I. Then I bade the maids once more spend the night in the kitchen. "and make yourselves lively on tea." I said—for I knew my wife would not allow of another bottle of sherry being given them. "To-morrow your beds shall be moved to the east wing." "Beg pardon,"said the cook, "I speaks in the name of all. We don't think we can remain in the house, but must leave the situation." "That comes of the tea," said I to my wife. "Now," to the cook, "as you have had another fright—I will let you have a bottle of mulled port to-night.'' "Sir," said the cook, "if you can get rid of the ghost, we don't want to leave so good a master. We withdraw the notice." Next day, I had all the servant's goods transferred to the east wing and rooms were fitted up for them to sleep in. As their portion of the house was complete- ly cut off from the west wing, the alarm of the domestics died away. A heavy stormy ran came on next week, the first token of winter misery. I then found that—whether caused by the cedar bough, or by the nailed boots of the mason, I cannot say, but the lead of the valley between the two roofs was tdrn, and water came in, streaming down the walls, and threatening to severely damage the ceilings. I had to send for a plumber as soon as the weather mend- ed. At the same time I started for town to see Mr. Framett. I had made up my mind that Fernwood was not suitable; and by the terms of my agreement I might be off my bargain if I gave notice the first month, and then my tenancy would be for the six months only I found the squire at his club. "Ah !" said he, "I told you not to go there in November. No one likes Fern- wood in November, it is all right at other times." "What do you mean?" "There is no bother except in Novem- ber." "Why should there be bother, as you term it, then?" Mr. Framett shrugged his shoulders. "How the deuce can I tell you? I've nev- er been a spirit and all that sort of thing. Mme. Blavatsky might possibly tell you. I can't. But it is a fact." "What is a fact?" "Why, that there is no apparition at any other time. It is only in November, when she met with a little misfortune. That is when she is seen." "Who is seen?" "My Aunt Eliza—I mean my great aunt." ''You speak mysteries." "I don't know much about it, and care less," said Mr. Framett, and called for a lemon squash. "It was this. I had a great aunt who was deranged. The family kept it quiet and did not send her to an asylum, but fastened her in a room in the west wing. You see, that part of the house is much separated from the rest. I believe she was rather shabbily treat- ed, but she was difficult to manage, and tore her clothes to pieces. Somehow she succeeded in getting out on the roof and would race up and down there. They allowed her to do so, as by that means she obtained fresh air. But one night in November she scrambled up there and I believe, tumbled over. It was hushed up. Sorry you went there in November. I should have liked you to buy the place. I am sick of it." I did buy Fernwood. What decided me was this: the plumbers in mending the leads ,with that ingenuity to do mischief which they sometimes display, succeeded in setting fire to the roof, and the result was that the west wing was burnt down. Happily, a wall so completely separ- ated the wing from the rest of the house —that the fire was arrested. The wing was not rebuilt and I—thinking, with the disappearance of the leads, that I should be freed from the apparition that haunted them, purchased Fernwood. I am happy to say we have been undis- turbed since. [*Copyright in the United States of America by D. T. Pierce.] 