fhyme & Reason By " PRETENDER." The V.R.C. committee hove deter mined to ienvc no doubt in the minds of trainers and jockeys as to how any business bordering on the "funDy " will be treated in the future. The other day a number of both sections of the " horsey world " were called before the leading racing tribunal, nnd given to understand that such practices would not be tolerated under any considera tion. The following, which I received by post this morning from aji unknown contributor, shows that one knight of the pigskin, at all events, has already resolved to reform : — I'm a chap as lives by ridin' Orer jumps and on the flat, It's a rather risky business, Bat I never think o' that. For I'm so intent on winnin'— When the owner gives tho wink — That I haven't time for notbin', Let alone to stop and think. I've been up before the etewards Pretty often in the past, But it's wrong to blame a feller When he happens to be last. For hiB noddy might be tired. Or a thousand other thinee, And they surely never reckon We can give the beggars wings ? I was round by invitation To the office through the week, Byron Moore bad sent to see me, emu ujo pais woma nice ro speak Of the clever way I've handled Certain horses in a race, And of how I'm always rcckon'd Such a snortin' judge o' pace. Now, I wasn't kind o certain That I'd make a name so quick, Bat I gets my Sunday " clobber " And my faucy walking-stick. Then I call6 ou Mister Byron, Just to spite the other " narks," And I tellst him bow I'm thankful For his vtry nice remarks. 11 Oh !" says he, " you needn't bother. If you'll kindly push the door, Mister Miller's sitting waiting With a half a dozen more. And they'll all be glad to see you, If it's only for a jiff, For they love to shake the ' flipper ' Of a man that's never stiff." Well, I'm sittin in committee Tn about a brace o' shakes, But I'm sittin' quite uneasy, For I'm getting " jumpin snakes." First, it's — " Out at Mootien Vailey, When you rode U'Grady'n marc, You wai floggiu' half the journey, But she never turned a hair. "Then you back'd her shortly after, When the public stood The Hawk, Aii'i I 8 pose you've not forgot, sir, How ehe w.iu it in a walk. And the folks were flabbergasted At yonr very easy win. And thuy swore they saw you grinniu' When the mare was weighing in. "Then you know you wasn't cnttin' Wln-n you lost on Jiit o' Bluff Talk uij'iut u fell iw cutiiu' ! They was cnttin' right enough. And I can't eay if they stood uie Ou my heels or on tuy head, For I got so blessed flurarauxed That I dunuo what I said. But I told 'cm I was sorry 'lhat To ever roue a Lye, And iti future I'd be honest, Or I'd have a bloumiu' iry. So I n pose I'll have to practice, And I ncedu't cay I won't, \\\ hen <t s " hundreds to a pea-nut," Til be "bustled " il I don't. At last tlip lcmg- lookcd-for billiard match between our Victorian champion and the great IIoIjonk is fairly under way. As the champion of champions walked to the table yesterday after noon to commence the very serious tsi.sk of conceding Smith 6000 points in 14,000, I couldu't help wondering who was the greater "general" of the two- Roberts. the billiardist, or his illus trious namesake now doiug duty in South Africa- My thoughts ran thusly There's a plucky fellow fighting Boers across the sea. With his gallant soldier laddies he's protect ing yoa aDd me j When they changed his name from Roberts we were ready to agree That they couldn't find a better one than " Bobs." There's another kind o' Roberts, and he plays another game, Tho', of course, he's no relation to the fighter of the name ; But the funny thing about 'em is they're both the very same, For they're using balls aud cannon every day. The Bobs who fires the canon is a fellow of renown, The one who stands and makes 'em is a " devil up and down," For I've seen him pick the jigger up and " knock a fellow down," And he'd only smile and whisper, " two to go." v At a rape meeting the oilier day. an even money chance, whose jockey al ways appeared to " have a good hold of his head," ran unplaced. One discon solate backer ventured to ask bis pilot " Why he hadn't let him come away when be moved up at tbc turn." "Come away !' said the rider. " I wish be could liave come away. I know I dropped a nice bit on bim myself, any how." " Well." responded tbe punier, "all I can say Is, I wish to heaven you'd dropped tho reins as well !" » Says a blokey at the racrs, As the horses passed the post, It's a devil when you're backing some thing "6tiff," But I'll swear by all the bristles On the tail of Hogan's ghost That I'll show you how to cure 'em in a jiff. Get a pint of eucalyptus. And the jockey tx>y undressed. Then you rub him till he's nearly " up tbe spout;" If you think there's nothing in it, You can give tbe thing a test, And I'll guarantee it brings the " stiff ness" out. Mind ! jron've got to keep on " rabbin'," Keep it up without a spell. If yon want to win a trifle for vonr pains ; And to make the thing a " moral It would always be as well If yon gave the beggar "Iojer" rubber reins. m "Wli-it Tormc nrn van nranniwl fft take 7" yelled his Honor to a deaf old lady, who was suing an impecunious individual for arrears of rent re cently. No response. "What will you take V" fairly screamed the usher, standiug by her side. A bright £n)Ue illuminated the old girl's tenures as she replied— "Well, I've been in this 'ere court many n tiuie afore, but this is the first judge that ever asked me what I'd take. A little gin hot, if you please." His Honor, who is & strict teetotaller, is smiling still. By e&ble; we learn of the toccosb of Record Reign in the New Zealand Grand National Hurdle Race, which event was decided at Riccarton on Thursday last. The winner, who is an unscxed son of Castor and Winnie, has been oneof thobest handicap performers in tbc island colony, was his debut at the illegitimate game, and was handicapped at 12st 51b, or only Sib below the top weight, Cava- lierio, his stable mate, who has lately been carrying all before him io hurdle races. Record Reign, who is almost an equal favorite with Mal&tua; for the New Zea land Cup, has been highly fancied for some time for the event under notice, as it was well known that he showed pro ficiency in his jumping before leaving Auckland, and, no doubt, he would carry most money in the totalisator. Quite recently Record Reign changed hands for £500, so that his purchase has turned out profitably at the first time of asking. Coeur-de-Lion, lOst, and Torpina, XOst lllb, filled second and third places behind Record Reign. 