WAS IT A SPIRIT? Tim late Mlul^ Senator Walters, ol Virginia, while far from being a super titiettL-j man, was heard on more then ono occasion to say that he could net altogether disbelieve in ghosts. Hu made no profession of faith in spectral apparitions, hut, according to iris own account, mis withheld from denial oi them b.T the recollection of a single very strange occurrence. due afternoon, in the autumn of 188-1, hb was looking for deer in a lonely valley within ten miles of the town of Pinckney. Virginia, when ho struck into a narrow road much over grown with weeds, and evidently un used for a long time. Alter a hit he came to a house which likewise showed signs of disrepair, having been deprived even of its windows and doors—pro bably because those useful articles laid been deemed hv somebody worth carry ing away. On this account the dwell ing had a singularly blank a ml tvnliomo like appearauoe, and the scuator was rather surprised to see a man standing on the dilapidated porch in front. Tile man had his hands in his pockets, aud wore a pair of blue-jeans overalls, a chock slurl, and no luit. llis hair was red. All of these points were distinctly noted by the senator, who paused and shouted a. cheerful salutation. No reply being elicited he shouted again; but the person ou the porch appeared to take not- the alighto.it notice. It seemed veiv rude, but the senator was anxious to got a bit of information as to game, and so lie approached the house through a gap in the miserable ivnee, the gate of which was absent. As he came near, however, the man in the cheek shirt and bluo- jeans turned and walked slow ly into the deserted dwelling. diSi*pr “Hello!’’ cried the senator uii mount ing the porch and arriving at the door way; but there was no response. He began to be indignant, and presently made up his- mind to enter aud. linnl up the niau in the bine-jeans. idiis, indeed, seemed easy enough; but, to his great surpri-c, nobody was to he found; the house was absolutely empty. He searched it inside and out, hut the mail was gone. There was no celtai, and, the dwelling having only lour rooms, a vompietu inspection was not difficult. Nevertheless, it was fruit less, ami at length tin: senator gave it up. Shouldering Ui.s gun, ho strug gled back to tho wretched road through the tall weeds that, grew where once had been a vegetable garden : but be fore going on lie glanced hack, ami there again ou the porch was the red headed mult in the cheek shirt. This was too much. ” l say! er:ec the scuator, "what do you mean by runhlng away when a gentleman wants to speak with you’:'" The man made no reply. Ho btili kept his bauds in his pockets, aim seemed to be looking in another d'ree t:on. Natural I v this made Senator ■Walters ho'- -Ho wnlhcrt again towards the. housu. which was only about thirty-live yards distant, and again the person in tho hhic-jeans turned in a leisurely way ami disap peared .into the ruined dwelling. Once moru the visitor mitered, looked every where; and found nobody. Though re luctant to abandon the search, lie gave it up finally, returning to the road. Then, as ho looked back, he saw the .mult again on tho porch, in the same attitudci as beforo. By this tinui the senator was hot with rage. ■•Iloilo!’’ he shouted again. ■‘If you don’t answer me within ten seconds I'll put a dose of buckshot into you!” Still the man paid no attention, and. having counted the ten seconds, the sonator slowly raised his gun to his shoulder and fired. He was a iirst Tatu shot, ami was certain that he could not have missed; yet the man stood there just as before, motiuuiess. not even turning his head. ■ As may be imagined, the senator was thunderstruck. Hastily leaving the road he onto moru approached the house, and as lie (lid so tho ffiiui in tho overalls turned in the same leisure ly manner as before and disappeared within tile dwelling. There was a con siderable space of clearing all around tho deserted residence, anil no oppor tunity whatever was afforded for hid iitgplieuec the amazement of An-. TVa! lers when, lor the tliircl time, I. ’■ searched the premises and discovered nobody. Extremely puzzled, ami at the same time very angry, he at lust resumed his jouruoy. But, as beiore, he glanced back, and there was the person in the check suit standing on the porch, with his hands in hi pockets and luokiiig as if nothing had occurred. At this stage, of the proceedings, said tile senator; in telling the story, Tie became frightonod. It seemed ob vious to liim that something very much out of tho common, was at work. He made no further attempt at investiga tion ou the spot; but. when ho gm home ho sot oil loot au inquiry into the history of the deserted house, and learned that its former- occupant and owner had been a map named John ston, who ires murdered in cold bloo l by a friend with whom he had a dis pute. :. 