The Spawn of Fortune. | ^Concluded.) The straueer had started to his feet Jrts eyes great and full of tire, Ms hands ?cJiiiehed ab.jve 3iis head. Whirling round ami facing ArOuir Brackenbridg- 3ie demanded : ' Why would yon kill yourself T* ' I have lost any fortune, and ? ' ' What Is that ? You talk of cowards' I thousjlit you .val;aa't, you thought .yourself -?o ! Bah. ! why waste good powder and hall. You fear to lire be iuay not be qu'te s-j pleasant as for nieriy. Sordid coward.' ' It's not altogether a matter ol mocpy.' f.-iJrered the young man. The straiiirsT kept bi9*ey«s fixed upan ihim. '* TJiesv'.s a warrant ? ' '* Then you are a criminal 5' i ' No. I am not.' ** Why t3j«? warrant Y* 'My partner -has landed us both In fraudnient bankruptcy ? ** ** Are you innocent 5' ' Alwnlutely.' *' And you fear 5' ' Well, there is as much shame a-= fear ? ' ' Yon are mm as well as a coward.' 'To be the principal in a criminal trial is no pleasant experience ; at least *» I gaiSier from the newspapers/' The .heavy man sat down again and grazed at Braekenbridge contemptu ously. ' Young (man, wfhat a craven you irould have me believe you. Yout cowardice as so great that you are will ing to stamp yourself guilty by self murder rattier than face your noeuteers and confound them. On my soul I am surprised you ventured out alone to kill yourself. I should foave thought you would have implored some one to come ?with you while you took the leap in the ?dark. 'Why were yon given youith, isfreng«h, 'health, good strong arms and sound beart if they were uot intended to overcome obstacles ? Think ! would it not foe greater far to step out before rhe world and say/Here am I, an foonest man ; 'where are niy accusers T rather Than to lie on the floor of a railway car riage *with a wreath of powder-smoke for a crown T' ' Yes, tmt you see, my dear sir, to-day ihere lias fceen a focussing of all that is isufui'tuna'te for me. My whole fortune is gone ; the fact €aat it has been lost causes die police to * want' me. and the fact that the police ' want' me bas Sosit jne — well ? ' ' Out =with it ! Dost you what T' Arthur Braekonbridge did not intend 'to say inore, tout the stranger'^ com manding gaze and iniperartive question ieft him powerless *to resist. As every station (he grayed -£hat some one would enter the compartment, but the Under ground is a contrary ifine. No one dis turbed them. ?? What else ihave you lost?' demanded ?the 'heavy man ?' 'Well, to *out with it' ae you ask— ?the girl to -whom tt am engaged— or was.' The stranger threw back his 'head and burst into :a flood of laughter Wherein rfhere was no ghost of a 'trace x-f iniiTh. Brackeribridge felt indignant at iflie sarcastic levity of -hls new found -eouiitaraut. but said nothing. 'fJirV -Che heavy man shouted. ?' Fine girl, dndeed, that will break her promise because you've lost a pound. She gave you 'her word and now tells v-m ro your face that s'he will not keep it.' 'She has not I tell you she— *]»-' ? ** ..~ ' But you have just rhis minute eaid sflie i.old you to go about your busi ness ? ' '' I said nothing of the sort' 'Then how know you that you have jost her ?' Brackeubridge was silent. ' TaMl us be honest one to the other. -Answer »ne : How knew you ?' ' Her guardian, her aunt, told ane.' '?My young friend, take the advice of -one who has seen, experienced, learned. Have no dealings with a woman through a. woman — never. Give nieTiiat revolver you have in your bmie-;r. .pocket.' / The revolver wae weakly passed over. ' Now we are coming to Earl's Court Station. -3et out : lie a man ; walk uj» to 'She first policeman you meet— or. bet ter still, 'hail a hansom, and tell cabby to drive to -t.he nearest police station. Say to the inspector, * I hear rhere is a -warraut out for -me. I have come to _giv-» myself up. If you want me-' ' ' By George ! I don't like to do it, you know— I swear I don't ; but I sup pose your advice is good. I uiu.st «»ay I ?do not fancy passing through rlie ma -cliinery of justice— 'rhe stinking police ?cells aud «iay5»« rlu- stinking Old Btiiley and -the stinking Holloway as welL J-ou't like the idea, I say.'' ' Nonsense. I have 3itrle doubt that jrouill find the plank hed in the cells, inore entertaining at least than the sfcone slal- of the morgue.' 'Don't speak of it, sir— not another word. I «hadn't thought of that, 'pon my soul— I Madu^t You make my flesh ^ereep.' The ertranger grinned for the first ffmie. Atthui' IBraeken'bridge reached for his hat, and reluctantly left Che ?carriage. He stood for a moment, his Itark ro the compartment and .his -hand still on The door. Turning, he said : ' Y-»s. you're right. I'll do it ; I'll give myself up and see what becomes of mo. My name is iBrackerfbridge ; you will, without a doubt, see it appear often enough fin the newspapers during the next month or bo. But, whatever becomes of me, you, (sir, have saved my rlife. Whether you 'hkve done me a good turn or an evil one has yet to tie seen ; :but to-nlaWt, ait leasts I aim grateful, very grateful. That slab keeps recur ring to my mind, you know, and — well, good-bye, my friend, and God bless you, sir, God toless you !' The two men clasped hands, gazing into one another's face earnestly aud long. The train started with its usual wracking jerk. The heavy man sat huddled in the corner, hSs brows contracted, arms fold ed, and his eyes fixed on his dancing foot The train arrived at and departed from West Kensington Station. He slipped his hand Into his breast pocket, aud slowly drew forth the revolver. The muzzle smelt blood ; it looked blood. Without one glance at the weapon, but 'Itandling it as a usurer handles a gold ornament, he muttered : 'Taken one life, saved one life. Surely the one should balance the other. But he says * Xo, uot oue life, but Two you have taken— two ! two ! your vic tim's and your own.* I believe he is as ftebt in uiy case as I was in hie. aud tne naiance is against me, against one — hopelessly against me ; against me now and for all eternity. He said to ine, * God Mesas you, sir !' I think that is of good omen. He is the 'last 1 shall meet on DMs earth, and 'he said *God bless you, sir V ' Wfth his fnumTD -he drew back the hammer of the -weapon uutil it 'clicked' twice. 'I may as well en'd my flight by in stantaneously jjiitring myself out of reach of my pursuers ; and it is better that I do it with the young man's words ringing in my eans. He was flying to his death; I from 'niiue. He found life; I find ? ♦? A»t Hammersmith Station the travel lers toy the -train gathered round die compartment, to stand rip-toe and peer into it whfle Uhe guards were lifting tihe corpse up from its sorrowful col lapse ; and next morning's papers con tained the news of the suicide of the Gray's Inn murderer and the arrest of Arthur Bnackenbridge. — ' The Lud gate.' 