MARLEY HOUSE "Don't take that house, sir, if that's what you're a-thinking of!" I had just come out of the dilapidated gate of the said house, with the latch key, lent me by the agent, in my hand. The speaker was an old man — a gardener, I'm sure, for he was so bent and limped. All gardeners limp — they always manage to chop them- selves with a spade, or get a prod with a fork or do something that engenders a limp— it's their stock-in-trade. "Good morning, friend," said I, pausing, "That is exactly what I am thinking of do- ing, you see it is a nice, roomy old house, with a garden, only it all wants repair, on which account the rent is absurdly cheap. Why, then shouldn't I take the house? ' "Because it's haunted, sir,'' said the old gardener, drily — "that's why." I laughed. I did not believe in all that sort of ' rubbish,' as I termed it; at any rate I thought I didn't, and would not for the world have admitted that I had nerves that might be shaken, or that, like most other folks. I was liable to what I then scornfully called superstitious, ignorant fears. So I laughed and shrugged my shoulders. "Haun ted, forsooth ! Oh, I don't believe in all that nonsense, you see." "H'm. Well, sir, I daresay you've a heap more larnin' nor me, but for all that,'' said the old man, composedly confident, "you'll find it ain't no nonsense. Nobody can't stop in it — nor won't you, sir, for all your big talk. In course the agent wouldn't Bay a word agin it— why is it so cheap?" "The reason is plain," said I, "the house is in such a state of disrepair; but my workmen" "Parding me, sir, but no workman's been able to get more'n a day's work done. The next morning it's all undone, and some more part of the fabric come down with it.' "What utter rubbish!" I exclaimed, in all the indignant pride of offended reason; "one can see at once that tricks have been played. By Jovo, I'll set men to work and keep watch myself" "Tricks Lord, sir, there isn't a creature about all Marley'as would go near this house at night! Play tricks, indeed ! The place is accursed like." "Bah! what is the story?" I asked, scoffingly; "a curse on it, you say ?" "Yes, sir, why not ? The story here is that in the last century its owner was a frightful blasphemer and reprobate — worse far than most, and carried on his wickedest deeds in that house. At last he fell in a duel nigh mortal wounded, and in a great fear of death. So he sent for the priest what he'd scoffed at before, and took a solemn oath that if he recovered he'd reform, pull down that house of his iniquities, and build a church there as a ex-pi-ation (is that right, sir?) of his sins. But when he recovered — as he did, like a miracle almost — he broke his oath. He didn't and wouldn't pull down his house, swore it should never come down, and went on as bad as ever. The good priest went to him one night, they say, and never come back, though no one could exactly prove that Sir Richard Marley murdered him, and so he got off. They said the priest laid the curse of God on the house and its master, and certain sure Sir Richard was killed in the midst of a wild orgie by a part of the roof falling on him. You can try your luck, sir, and watch twenty times, but you'll ' find it's true, reason or no reason. Don't take that house, I say." I thanked him for his advice and story, re- solved, of course, to go my own way. Such rubbish, forsooth, to frighten an intelligent, reasoning man of the world, past thirty! But still, thought J, though it's absurd about the repairs failing, I may as well only take conditionally on my completing the needful renovation of Marley House. A vague, disagreeable sensation went through me when the agent readily conceited to this proviso, but I shook off the feeling, and gave my order to a London builder. 1 went myself down to Marley the day after the materials for scaffolding, &c.;, and mon with a foreman had departed. The first day's work was to erect scaffold- ing in the front up to the second story (the house had only two), at least so far as they could in the first day, and they got on well — good, sound work. No sort of jerry work, I knew, with Messrs. The next morning, when I went over from the village, I found the foreman much vexed, and I learnt, with another disagreeable thrill, that in the night a heavy piece of coping- stone from an upper window had fallen down and damaged part of the scaffolding; the men were now repairing this before they could proceed. The coping lay before my eyes, and I could see the place whence it had fallen. I went away angry and upset. If anyone were doing this — by Jove, I would soon find out, and turn the tables. Next morning I found, with secret conster- nation, that another dislodgment aud dam ago had taken place. The foreman said he feared the house was in a worse state than their surveyor had thought. "We can't get on a bit, at this rate, sir," he said. "I think," I answered, "that someone in the village is playing a trick, but they shall pay for it. We'll see what to- morrow brings anyhow" I said nothing of my intentions to anybody, lest the unknown enemy should attempt to play me a trick also. I merely told my innkeeper that I should not be back till the next day, and after a late dinner or early supper, which you please, I provided myself with biscuits and a pocket flask of mixed brandy, and departed for my watch. It was ten o'clock when I let myself into Marley House, and the first thing I did was to search every room and nook, by aid of the brilliant moonlight that shone in through the windows and a small lantern I had brought. There was not a living thing about save myself; even rats and, mice had deserted the house long ago. Finally I came back to the big dining room in front, and sat down in a window seat to keep my sentinel like watch. It was dreary work, I am free to confess, and despite my philosophy and sceptical wisdom, I could not shake off a disagreeable recalling of all the old gardener had Bald, with the quiet weight of his own simple, absolute belief in the story. I got to start at every crack or creak of the old woodwork, and tried not to laugh at my own nervous folly— not aloud, remember— somehow I did not particularly desire to hear the hollow echo of my own laugh or voice. Twelve o'clock by my watch. I was almost painfully sleepless now, with an increasing internal excitement, that strung my nerves up each minute to a yet greater tension. Half-past twelve— one o'clock ; I hear it across the still country from the distant block of Marley Church. "I'm a fool to stay on," I muttered, angry with myself for the horrid creepy feeling that would persistently come over me. "There is nothing at all; trick or— or . anything else; bits of old coping fell— that's all— loosened by— hark! what is that!" I stopped with a sudden paralysing, sen- sation of horror, that froze my blood and made my flesh creep. The muffled, stealthy tread, it seemed, of hundreds of feet coming on - on, every moment. Was I dreaming or going mad? Did I only fancy that I saw that intangible dark crowd of a past century, with set, ghastly faces, pressing onwards as, I — gazed— swarming up the ladder, the scaffold poles, in at the window, up to the roof, striking with hatchets at wood and stone and brick as they went? Was it — Great Heavens that was not fancy — that sudden crash of falling timber and roar of tumbling walls without, within, above, around 1 With one awful cry that broke the spell, I rushed forth into the open blindly, through the clouds of dust and deafening roar;- as the , whole building fell in, a mass of ruins, -be- hind me. I could never have told how I got back to the inn; and the landlord, who let me in, told me0 afterwards that I "looked awful — as if you had seen a ghost, sir !" For weeks my nervous system felt shat- tered, but at the time the only creature I told of my horriblo night's oxperienco was tho old gardener. "Ah, sir," lie said, "it's what I ex- pected, as I telled ye. Nobody couldn't build up that place, as was cursed by a broken oath and the murder of a holy priest. I know what it was directly I went along there about five that morning, and see the old den of iniquity a mass of ruins." "You saw it first?" I exclaimed. "Oh, yes, sir. I went each morning after you set the men to work, and I saw the damage first each time. There'll have to be a church, or maybe village hospital, built there, if the bit of land is ever to be built on at all." "A good work would be an expiation," I answered with grave reverence. "I am a scoffer no more!" [The End.] 