IN MALE ATTIRE. A ROMANCE OF THE DAY. FOUNDED CLN l^AG'l'. J3y JOSEPH HATi'ON, Author of "Under the Great Seal," "Cap* tured by Cannibals," "Tlie Gay World/* "In Jesfc and Earnest," "Tlie Abbey,'* Murder,'" "Joiin -Neeciham's Doable," "By Order o£ the Czar," "Whea Greet meets Greek," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement 'with thj aiiil:ci. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XLL-^JELE-MYfiTRUITS v OF (LONDON." -p, ^eDa's peace of mind Jjextev ha.d carried Itis criminal secret to luts death. 2V one knew of ttihe impulse he .read given, to the knife of A-bner BWi, Zella had pitied him. Has self-murder had sorely afflicted -her. The thought that she was charged -with being necessary to hi* downfall trairblAl-flier not a irfctle. As a rule, women soon recover from the indict ment of having driven some lowest .swain to despair, and even deat'h, by reason- of their unreciprocated jiaisdon. It is B0 fault of theirs if fooliSh. .men run-mad-Jor love. Bnt AcHth ftili, deep. in 'i;tir. heairt, same little remorse that she had not/ at tne very outset of her engagement at the 1 aimer House, .taken proper alarm at the too kindly attentions .-oif her . million ;tJT0 employer, it. was not improbaible, die reflected, that rfhe had seemed - to triumph over 'aim. in 'hev love for ifed-Gld ver; -that she 1ul<1', as'it were, flaunted her nappwusw before the fond old: man, until it iiad anyen lain into that vile plot in Ttflndh he had sought to destroy the idol she -had sec up for worship. This beang-so. how Keenly must he have suffered, if not ^Z,a Jr'r<: -?vc' afc imsi "svotinded pnide! Lut it were wr.ste of time to fol low up these reflections. Tito incident of Dexter'y 'death seemed t,°, ^Te a new. impulse to Bella's journey. At Liverpool cue newspapers contained, an account of "one of the most unhappy re cord's-in the Umbria's log." - The editorial pen found tihe obligatory duties attaching to -wealth. a fascinating theme. Dexter's mruiu, it was urged, (had given way,under the -weight of ihis responsibilities:. not that there tkis-any reason- to do-nSrir the -tangi bility of his enormous -capital. It waa' no doubt, the vast measure of it, !his very affluence and the overburdening sense of its - dcfiuen-ces tfhafc-lh&d; 'broken -hrm dcwu. He had literally died of it. There waa bo mention of wihat Zelia (had- -feared hia alleged love affair, reported by his man to t.he purser. Dexter's memory -was, in deed, treated with, the greatest possible respect. .During her journey to -St: Pan craa, his djeatn ihad. more: fhan once form ed tihte subject of conversation' on the train -within 4rer hearing. Wiha't would they say in Chicago? Would her naaufe be kept out o'f the story of.Dex ter s caa-eer V . . . After all, what did it matter? There was no one whose good opinion She cared for that any reportjsueh as she had overheard on the ship would mSnenee to her injury. She -would, like ^3L^an<''with. _dlx- Lorimer; rind yet, vpnafc sort of a3t opinionr-would 'he have of ner when he knew, las- !iie mnst some day, chat sihe had interviewed form as Philio Grey'? ^ At Luton she bought a Loudon evening. pttper and <was soon &liisb;^g..overate with ^ Shame and indigna-fem. From the-East-; nets ami [from Lives^MvolibheiEnglish papers hail already announced the deaih of the Ameneon miUionaare; and an enterprising reporter had interviewed 'the deceased gentleman's negro servant, who had been , his constant and confidential man for fir'e- ? and-'twenty years." Interpreting Sam'3 'somewhat confused. statements,, given in the vernacular of the south, it appeared tha't in his- okl 'age Bert er-had fafien deeply in fove with !his.-;typewriting gild; ivdio -was. however, something mtore- than 5m -ordinary Tozmg person, ibeing the daughter of a famous American geiieraVaramedTBrumnen. and,- moreover, ^h'e was- <\ jvjung -woman, of education,, and-.-a leader in a greait Qhrcago movement--for the '(advancement- <xf phyS ca3 culture-iffmang^women; her name,. .Zeila Brunnen, being gnite populaa- in 'the Western city. This yonng fedy dedined jVIr. -Dester's prcrpceails; that that, to quote his servmst's-exasn; v,"«s:ds, 'ntade-iiiin: just .snvful mad / He had never (been tlia: same man since-thalt day. The name -of' Miss Bratnren -hrough't quite a;atHn3nce sntc the affair. She "was to -have Tnanrial Mr . Edwan Glover, a young London jonmalis;.' who Tvns killed in a -nrining camo in Colo rado; emd, although Mr. Dexter had- aSsred Miss Brunnen marriage, - ihe had a great liking for Mr. Gkfver^vraose death had up set him considerably-so- much sor that-one of 'his- insane teeoeies -on board the ship was 'that the ghosts- -of the dead English man and -his ikmese ted appeared to ?him." . _. . The-. icepoa-ter <went on to re late th&-.iiKideirt: -of*, tiihe pocket-book, very m-aeli as.iZella^had..overhsajsl it. Th^ ..let ter, addressed to the ptnsen, -with, the money, amouin-Jang to- npwaids-of fifty- thou sand- doSaj-s, wa^ '{Jhe only indication of tlhe donor's suicide. There were letters in.his stateroom addressed to his lawyers, and one containing: a considerable cheque payable to the aider of his servant, for whom, he-furthermore stated, he-had made a certain provision in his -will." Zella, having read thus far, sat silently ?wdtJi the paper in her hand, until sfhe -was aroused to action by the exigencies of railway travelling in England; the rescuing of.her luggage irani other people's, l(3ie tip ping of porters, anid other athietic and financial exercises. Zella teid b^en advised to telegraph in structions for an omnibus to meet her train, and s&e; had seamed rooms by letter alt the Grand Hotel; so she was soon con testing 'the-roadway of the London streets with thousands of vehicles, her attention ?being thus -won-<a3ra.y from the revelations of 'the evening paper 'by the novel -bustle of London, its vehicular traific altogether -differen!t-£rom eit&ei;' New Yoirkor Chicago, ; it^-narixtur Stxeeta- crowded -with people, the myriad lamps of its dhop windows, ' and bhe gradual liglitingr trp-af its thoroughfares. - A fine evening, almost .-between the lights of a bright April day: and the wonder o'f the town grew upon her. It seemed sor did enough to btegin until. The omnibus crossed traanways once in Gray's Inn-road, bnt she passed through square after square, .each =witih many trees, like small parks, and -?with houses all round- - a?oKd-looking, gloomy peristps, but homelike. Lights -were appearing in -the iwindows. Preaently she ; passed . titBxmgh c-ojxrparaixvely qrnet tho roughfares, and then- came into the rush of Oxford-Street, "vvitih its miles of shojis, 'bright .-witlh illuminated merchairdise, the ' -roadiway uirve witlh himMe cabs, private . carriages, omnibuses, and the flashing lamps of cycles thaifc tSireaded their way mysteriously among the vast procession, in -whidit every v«ftnele wjls tiying" to' get alhead. By and by she 'wasrin the Strand, the railway omnibus still steering through . -a mighty ornah o¥ traffic, the air Ittmincrus wrth mrniy lights. When die came to Ghifrnig GTJCESS she seemed to know it, as if by - instinct-'the -centre of Loifdon. as dear--Sied. 'Glover teid-desccibed it, '.'and the centee-o-f -itihe ^wtcflrM," The-mext minute - the 'CBin»bns swung round -into Northum lierlaaid-avenue and pnlied up at tiie Grand. It was a great -relief to have the atten dance -of a cham'bemrasd. Zella was em bairaissad in' manyways-on: board ship, in spite of her arrangements to neuira'lise the s?e?nTices of 'her -steward. She had ex plained, at the desk of the chief porter at the Gfensnd Hotel, that a good deal of her .baggage belonged to her cousin, a young lady, wibo-fflBglit potKibly- occupy the rooms -.should she (iPbiiip-Grey) he leaving after a few-days; so from tte^iiist-.inrament ot iter arm'a.1 she had sou ghfc Jto -prcpai-e her -sclr for either fortune-the--pa-pt of Philip or ZeTti., One -thing Kbe^i-OTnKl in -travel that it had many .compensating privileges. ?¥erv comfortabte, after- the- pubikf irfe of a ship and -the "worry- of o. laa-fsray jour ney in a new- conrttry, undea:- iunaaccustom«i conditions, were -these rooms «.t the-Grand . Hotel hKnds drawn, lamps Baited, a fire (as he -had .ordered) in her sitting-room, plenty of hot "water, a. Ibalih-Toom en suite, a neEut,. coairtecwta woomii in attendance polite enquiries v&e;&er; slic iwoukl dine a;t taMed^iote, and so xm. Z^Ba.foond hep ?«eif already recoTOriiig from She shock to' her prnde -of being mentioned in the- news paper chronicles -of the day as a.'typewriting girf. ? . . Wlhen she "went down to dinner she found most of She men in- evemnc- dress Mid quite a, -'large assemblage of larKts at' feed as iflfor- somc «>cial funcrtion. Lucidly she had put on dark clothes and a -white a2k fie; but she made a note in her mind to observe 'the evident usages of table d'htote in England; not tihat ifc -was alfo gefcher nncommon to wear evening dress in Chicago, 'espeeiafBy^^Tvhen -tOiere "was an. Tfe Jiaai opera, company ?n the city. After dinner Zella strolled out. She soon Ffjna tphaf n?oti 4-a U»» ~ WV1A alone-m England it ^asthe^C^ i^jceded protection. The rev^^on wS so startling, not to say painful that it' almost determined her to give up her im personation of Phihp Grey and transfer his ro^ to^ella. Brunnen. - SbeJhad only .waiKea-a .short distance, adnnriny-f.tw <rSX, ihe Nelson Column piercing the sky to be iost among the stars, the flashing traffic of the crosing roads, before she was addressed by several fashionable- looking ladies of ex ceeding amiability. Zella's first idea was that they had lost their way or had mis taken her for someone they knew. At first she treated them with marked civility; but this, she found, made her position all the more embarrassing. One, more friendly or, at least, more persistent-than the rest Eroposed to accompany her to her cliam ers. "Oh! She was sure he must have chambers; sure 'he must be lonely; of course, he was looking for a friend; could see it in !has eye," and it was not until Zella had fairly ran for it that She got free from a persecution the character of which, ' as soon as she suspected' it, made her shiver. For the moment it took all 'the beauty and wonderment out of Trafalgar square, and blurred the description of it Whic'h -she 'had treasured so 'long in 'her imagination. Not all t)he vulgarities and coarseness of Plat'ts Valley -had made so miserable an impression upon 'her. It was a greater shock still, to her feminine sensibilities, when sihe made the acquaintance of her first London theatre, the Empire. All the world knows Chicago is not the most moral city in the universe, and that New York 'has 'by-trays of gilded vice that may only 'be ooitrivalled in Paris, but Circe has (her own quarters in these cities. She must be sought; the sirens 'have t'heir "yellow sands" definitely mapped; it is only in London where "the fair-haired ^goddess" holds 'her court in every street. Zella was bewildtered- with the beauty of the house, delighted with 'the orchestra, impressed by the liveried servants of the theatre, sur prised at the luxury ait the refreshment bars; but her recently - aroused instinct of a steange fear penetrated with 'horror the disguise of the prabty women who sat here and there at small 'tables, or lounged on cushioned] seats, taking wine or smoking cigarettes. A great fear came upon her. There may foe more safety, even less to: offend a pure mind, in the lowest strata of the worfd's workaday ranks of life aiyd . pleasure than 'here in a brilliant and crowded establishment. Zella left the Em pire 'audi >went westward's; and, while she \ saw ladies walking along -imnralested, she found 'herself 'the object of «heir constant attention. , / Poor Zella! ; 'How little she dreamed of .the -escape she-may have had, committing, in 'the eye of the law, a far greater offence than Sadies Who swept the pavements with their lace petticoats and silken gowns. It makes one tremble to think whait might ?happen-to any young girl masquerading in male attirfe at the Empire Music Hall, or sauntering along Piccadilly after dark- or, indeed, at any time. The thought takes Borne of the romance out of Zella's exploit. She returned to 'her hotel, feeling very lonely, and with a home-sick 'longing for Parkside and the company of honest Bridget O'Hagan, and even "Ould Glen coe" and "the bar-tinder's widder." [To be continued Irom day to day till finished.] 