T1TP Hfl I? I?T llMliHr A P1TQ COMMMBEEIUNO BIjVXER. A MAN FIRED AT. NEA&ING; THE END. NUNDLE, -Thui-sday Afternoon. — After leaving Swain's place, - . which they . robbed on Monday night, the outlaws apparently moved '. leisurely- ?during Tuesday, and fit 12.30 on Wednesday came to the camp of two fencers named W. Woodley and R. Lord, situated among the; ranges, about fourteen miles from Nundle.- above Crawney Pass. The fencers ?were having dinner at the time,, and saw the blacks coming. When within 50 yards they called upon the fencers to surrender, to throw up their bands, and to leave the fire. The fencers obeyed. The outlaws then came to the fire, and, discover ing no firearms, told the fencers to return. Lord then invited the outlaws to have dinner, the in vitation being accepted. In conversation, the blacks said they would not shoot anybody other than those carrying firearms, but would shoot anybody they believed to be in pursuit of them. During the progress of the dinner Lord heard Norsemen coming up the mountain. The murderers 'did not hear their approach until they were within about 40 yards. Jimniy Governor, on hearing them, sprang up, .; crying, 'Holy Ghost!' seized his rifle, and sprang behind a tree, followed by Joe. The bla-&s-iien; 'firea 'upcJh the advancing whites, five In l numb'er7fficlirding' $. Heyman, W. Devine. '4. Scbofield, and A. Bobson, all civilians. These men' were not aware of the presence of the blacks until hearing shots fired, when they all jumped from their horses, and prepared to return the fire, all being armed with rifles. However, as soon as the outlaws had delivered their first vol ley from behind a large tree, they bounded off down the hill in the opposite direction, leaving all their provisions, quart pots, coats, blankets, and everything they possessed, excepting the rifles and ammunition. As they disappeared past the fencers, they called out to them, 'You can have all we are leaving behind; good bye.' They then bounded down the side of the hill, the fencers say, like wallabies, striding 15ft to 18ft per stride. In the meantime the sur prised civilians were waiting for the outlaws to show out, and were not aware of their flight till the fencers informed them. ' They then fired sev eral shots, but could get no reply from the other pursuers, none of whom were witMn two miles. They then went back down hill, and fired several .other shots, and within half an hour the Queens land trackers came up, and were taken to the fen cers' camp. They took up the tracks, 'which fol lowed down one spur about a mile, and ' then doubled back within 200 yards of the fencers' camp on another spur, where the Governors had evidently watched the police and trackers go down the hill, and then made off in another direction. On Wednesday morning the pursuers came on the camp of tlie fugitives, where they had shot a sheep, part of which they had cooked and eaten. On Wednesday night the outlaws had drawn closer to Nundle, and' at 10 p.m. came to Mr. Flood's, at Wombramurra Woolshed, where they were fired at by Flood, but without effect. The outlaws then decamped. This morning the tracks were taken up and followed, still towards Nundle and Wombramurra Woolshed, five miles from Nundle. Two children are .said to have Been the blacks, who passed close to them this morning, near Dyson's, only four miles from Nun dle. The children say they heard the blacks say they would wait till all the police left the locality and then rob Dyson's. This statement is dis credited, though it may be possible. There is great excitement here, and large bodies of civi lians are going out. There are said to be seve ral hundreds', now surrounding the blacks from all quarters, and it seems almost Impossible that the outlaws should escape, but i-ast experience shows that they are capable of getting out of very hot ccrnere. Later. — The Governors have had no food since Wednesday, when they left all their provisions at the fencers' camp, and, therefore, must call at houses, which are now being guarded generally. Their, arrest to-dav or to-morrow is, therefore, very profaabl?.'' '' ' '' '' ? ' ?'??? 4.30 p.nV.— The report that the tracks have been followed to within three miles of Nundle is con firmed. - The fugitives are doubling and redoub ling across their own tracks, with the view of baffling the trackers. The whole district where It is believed they are located is now surrounded by their pursuers, and all houses are strongly guarded.. Every confidence is expressed that the murderers will now soon be captured, as they must be starved^ having, it is believed, had no food since midday on Wednesday, when they abandoned all their food at the fencers1 camp. The blacks are barefooted, and their feet are re ported to be sore and bleeding. It is firmly stated now that their only chance of escape is by securing horses to-night and getting far away during the moonlight. Excitement runs high in Nundle. 