Mr. GILES did not wish to tnove an amendment, because he thoroughly agreed with the motion. He wQied to point out that the circum ettmeea under which the sums mentioned bad been, frak^i in were not similar to ithosc under wtoich lie Governmen't had taken in tlhe donation. The Treasurer said *^ a tiling had. bean done over and over again. It was never done in his recollection. He jlirould take the transaction which the Trea surer started was nnx>t similar — tiie sum .spent in buikfing the wing of the Adelaide Ilosprtal. The Government did not take that sum irito revenue until it was expend ed; <t!hey caone <to tbe crustees, ami adked for tjhe money as it was expended to pay for the building. He would ask Mr. Gil bert, one of the trustees, wtoetiher that wu not correct. The Treasurer made a great deal of the point, and misled hon ?nembers by misquoting. (The Treasurer —"I was not *?rtai??(; about rthe building fond at ? all.") It was worse still if it was the hos pital contributions, because the Government; knew that the contributions were every year voted for <S>e yearly expendioure, and were taken into the revenue annually, it mid ma a awnilar case at all. Setae years ago a Ml was carried empowering the Go vernment to take certain unclaimed deposits in the banks, and amounting to about (£lO,OOO, but that Tins not a similar case, nor was Kibe case where tie Government of tihe day took over by Bill certain unclaimed tanas in the Supreme Court. In the ca--:e before -hhe House the Government took over money in order to make up a defi ciency, and he would be no parcy Ho con doning such on act. If he were in the po ?frtaon <of 'the leader of the Opposition, he ?would have tabled the "same motion, re gandles? of whether be was successful or Heft. The Premier might have asked tie Bouse xfot to be hard on him. for a defi ciency, in view of tine unsrsnal expenditure on tibe contingenlts, and no doubt tiie House ftratdd (have acepted tlhe posftuju. He would yttbe with Mr. Solomon, who deserved the thanks of the people for doing lirs duty. £&!i tite Treasurer's sopbf&ries; would sever convince the commercial men of SoutSi Aus tralia, tihat has action was rigjh't. He agreed that the debate sihtaiM. not be continued very long, and tihat if necessary they should Bit on. Friday to finish, it. 'Mr. DARLDiG moved (the adjournment of 4Ate debate. This was declared nega tived, and Mr. DARLING catted for a di iriakm, but Biihseqnenfly wathdiew his calL ?Mr. BUTLER said although it might be 'supposed be would be inclined, if he had eufikieiit excuse, to vote against the Pre mier raj&er; than for him—aod the motion wooM give him that opportunity, as it did not invdtve any question, of public policy in which be teas interested—-he bad come to the conclusion <t£bat he waa not justi fied, in view of the services which the Treasurer had rendered to Sooth Austra lia during the past tithi or ten years—ser vices malt exceeded by tirose of amy- member on. tibe "Ereasnry benches—in -voting with Mr.-Solomon, although be agreed wiSi him in thinking the Treasurer had made a mistake. Wide be sst in the Ministry as a ooiteague of Mr. Holder it was impos sible to find a man more anxious to etand by bis colleagues and assist t&em; in. the work cf their depaitbmesrts. He did not tflrrnlr ttix?tt some e&hfc; snonifiis ago tiie Trea surer treated him as lairly as he should faure, or as lie expected be would do, but tha<t was not to the present point. At 6JO p-m. the Hifccing of the House was suspended for an hour. Mr.BUTLiini 6aH ifche Treasurer had shown cfeady that he booktflie money into revenue because be thought Joe was nphoM ing 4&e; credit off the colony by snowing a Borpms. He did not think the Treasurer's action hod hftd that effect, and he Jtought it -wotM 4ave bees wiser .to afcimft thai, the ordinary revenue- had not proved quite equal to tJhe extraordinary expenditure of the year. The mere faut of a deficit of a few iflKH?ands would not have injured tihe credit of Sooth Australia, or the reputation of eo able a financier as Sir. Holder. In JJhe long run it -was always better to place the true finan'ciai position before the people, and he could not see tihat money given for a eperific purpose eouH be con sidered as ordinary revenue. Mr. Giles had frnrftti?riflffli Iqs dedaistaon uhaft tJhe money ddd not beSang to the Government end the peripfe, bat he (Mr. Boiler) considered it nvas albsolntdy given tio the Government for the use of the people, and when the bund ing was finMifd it would be a Government institution. The point which tlhe boo. jnember'iaSled to onphaase was this:—Whs it fair to the people and to the Treasurer of next year to absorb during the past Hvmwha year tiie wbqle of the £15,000 into revenue while spending only £1,300? If the TreaEurer desired to take tiie sum into revenue bo ifawuM Save done eo just as far as he hod expended tiie money. Next year we would 4ave extraordinary expendi ture to face. Tiie Treasurer had given in creases bH round with a lavish hand, and it was baldly .fair to the next Treasurer to lave to meet ?he outfay of £10,000, when Mhat sum had been, absorbed in tire revenue of tie previous year. If the donation had been half a mflCon for deritalbte institu tions, -would the Treasurer iave been justi fied m. spending last year only £50,000 and taking the £450,000 into revenue? Would it not be afaaalabely both to the people of South. Australia and our creditors in England as to the true position of the colony? The principle wae the same whefiher £10,000 or £100,000 was involved. The Treasurer had, in addition to £he expenses £>r the contingents, pay ments to meet latt year which ne would not have to face T"" .He had to pay £4,000 in connection with the Serviceton raihray-statian, and £1,100 in respect of .outstanding accounts incurred over the Produce Depo: when it was first opened. These sums were not included in the Esti mates of Hhe previous year. The future outlook vas somewhat serious. The Trea enrer 4xnd £beni itosxt during ne£t year £15,000, which represented the Govern ment contribution to <Qus new School of Mines, would have to be found, and during itSie next three or lour yeaxs another -I £40,000 or £50,000 would nave to be pro- Tided to recoup the loan hi connect km with ttihe village saUSements. This was not a time -when time could be any justification for. tic action cf the Treasurer in taVing into ordinary revenue £15,000 which in no way butomsed. to it, and thus throw extra regponsibinty on ?the Treasurer and Parfia tnents of futms yeois. There never was a time in the history of South Australia -when greater economy would base to be practised, and when expend) tore required more close and careful looking after tihan during Ihe next three or four years. Dur ing the fire* few years of the Common ?weaUh South Australia would not fed the beneficial efiects of Federation, which ?vradd entail considerable, expense, and the toes to the revenue which would take place $n ."vorioDS diroctaons jnstined tihem in checking exfcravagaoce wherever possible. He hopod tiiat wonJd be the policy of fiiPll^* Gwemments. He would not feel justified in connectaon witi fM?! matter in ?voting lie Government off the Treasury tenches, and had come to the conclusion Itbai it was better to bear the ills he knew t%sn fly to others he knew not of. The Hon. T. PLAYFOKD hoped the de bate would be finished that night, so that the large amount of important business on the notice-paper would have a chance of being transacted this session. As it was well known on which side there would be a majority in connection with tbis motion, the debate had become languid. Therefore the sooner the discussion closed, and the business of tiie country was proceeded -with, the better for the colony at all events. Mr. Solomon had stated that the Treasurer had told the House 'that which was contrary to fact, "while Mr. Copley said Mr. Holder was not honest. If he believed what either member said he would oppose the Treasurer. He did not thini they were correct. No matter what mistakes Mr. Holder had made, in this instance they were not the result of dishonesty, but—he did not put it offensively—because the Trea surer did not know any better in this par ticular instance. Because he felt assured that the Treasurer had not stated what was contrary to fact, and had honestly given the true circumstances to the House, be would oppose motion. Though the Treasurer had been guilty unmistakably of a wrong action it was not of such a grave character as would injure the credit of South Australia. In three years there would be no1 difference to South Australia because of what the Treasurer had or had not done. They would find that Mr. Brookman's do nation would be disbursed in the direction intended by him, and no one would be any the worse for what the Treasurer had done. The Treasurer had stated that this was a gift from Mr. Brookman to the Government, and upon that he had based ias defence. He differed from tihat, be cause Mr. Brookman had given the money to Sir Langdon Bonython, Hie cheques be ing marked payable to the Treasury, so that She Treasurer couM take tihean on de posit and pay interest upon them. Tlie .£15,000 was given for a specific object, and teas psvctacxuy trust money. The Trea surer did not take the money into revenue at aH, bnt into deposit account, and that proved £hat it was not =. gift. If it were a gift it would have been placed straight sway into revenue. Thai was the position. TJnough Mr, Header's action they were placed in a unique position in the 'history of finance in the -world. Did anyone ever hear of a private sndividudl deliberately paying interest uj?on %is ow-u private money? T-he position of the Government was exactly analogous, for the Treasurer said he had £IS,tKM whirh he said was revenue, and ou which he was actually pay ing interest Imnself. \Y3ieu 'ihe Treasurer settled up <his accounts for last year, and found that £1.500 had to be paid, in con nection with the building now in progress of erection, he should have slioivn on one -~ide the amount he had paid away, and on the other aide tie amount left to credit. But when the Treasurer went what was ap parently t-he iFmng way, Jt gave rise to sus- Ijicions, and made people tsay nasty things. Such a procedure neither did tlie Treasurer nor the colony any good, and it liad laid Mr. Holder open to the charge" of having purposely and ,pTOnediratedly determined to come out with a surplus. "That was go ing before -the world, and it as serted ihat the way ia which the Government had produced a surplus was through the manipulaltiori of certain figures. (Mr. Solomon —"Do vou agree that that is a factV") He believed the Treasurer did not do it wrongfully. If they went to any first-class accountant in the colony for advice ?on the point, he would not support the Treasurers action. It was held that just as Parliament by Act gave the right to the Government to take i>ossession of certain funds, which on the authority of other statutes bad been set apart for specific purposes, the Treasurer had an equal right to do what he had done in connection with the Brookman do nation. That -would not hold "water for one moment, and was no solution of the position at aIL The action of Parliament in the cases to which be had alluded was perfectly justifiable and proper. The banks having large deposits of unclaimed moneys in their coffers deliberately traded with them, and made profits out of them for the benefit of the shareholders. If any one should get a profit out of unclaimed moneys it should be the community, and not the banks. Therefore Parliament passed an Act that after a certain -number of years had elapsed the banks should pay unclaimed moneys into the Trea sury, which was bound to repay it to those who could eJtabiyh an uonesr and pn>r>er title -to h,. The saane t-"nin^ was done in connection TvitJi the Real Pro party Act, under "tttiiteh. a tsom of £70.000 was taken over by the Government. The initial mistake €lia.t w? made over t3ie do nation to the School of Mines was commit ted not by "the Treasurer, but by Mr. Hrookman and his adivisers. What Mr. Brookman Should have done was not to have paid the money to the Treasurer, but to have deposited it an tihe Treasury so tihat it could bear interest, and' on the certificate o£ -tie Superintendent of Public Bttild'ingsjSO mratih could be drawn as the work progress ed. That would have obviated all this trouble It -would %ave been better if it bad not been done in this way. When lie was Trea surer one iving of tlhe hospital <was built witt donations, and the fund they went into was administered by Mr. G-flbert, Sir. Maurice Salom, and Sir John Colton as trustees. When. -Che work "waa going on he sent word to t&ese; gentlemen each mbnth ?how much he required, and tihey paid ix to (him, and !he handed it over to the con tractors. That was the way this particular money ebouM 'have been dealt with, but tiie Treasurer "was unmiatakaidy -wrong in tak ing it into revenue. Hit was really revenue 'he should (have taken 3t in. as Boon as he eofc it, and not waited 1M tins year. Homsrtiy tfiioogh he believed that the Trea surer thought he was perfedfly justified in his action, end bo far as be could see iiiere had not and would sot be any injury done by it. For a £auit of this eort, committed without any intentioa to deceive or to do wrong, bat "ti/Ict- die firm impression that he waa doing right, to turn the Treasurer out of office wouSd be one or tlhe cruellest tlhings the House could inflict on a weU deferving ?public servant, Who had worked 'hard for years for tie colony in various capacities, and be was not going to be a party to jnflirt- ing a punishment so much out iof'proportion to tie oSepce. It wae not a case of letting the punishment fit €he crime, bub of making k monstrously greater than *he crime^ By the straigtu farwand way in wlrida Obe Treasurer gave an account of the whole transaction he was sure thai he did not dream tnere was go ing to be. the slightest trouble over it, and he was utterly itaken with surprise when he found the House did not take quite the same view of the matter iibai, he 'did him self. Therefore, believing that the ?nigh?L-c made was not intentional, -and that tne punishment was so utterly in advance of any wrong done he would be found voting with the Government in the present' case. Mr. GLYRN said some of the speeches delivered bad certainly increased his admiration of Kftie Treasurer as a. tac tician. Both of them had faflen into tbe net -which he threw out for e majority when he declared at once tfhat he would accept Mr. Solomon's motion as one of no confidence. There was nothing in the mo tion itself which necessariiy justified that view, but the Treasurer had a much more extensive knowledge of do mestic affairs than he (Mr. Glynn) had. This marital experience apparently led inm to consider the best plan when anything was wrong was not to reply in theway or argument, but to say—"lll never speak to you any more." If this question was tested on He merits there was scarcely a. member in the House who would' not have to vote for the motion, so that with the instructive judgment of-tbe .Ministerial fitness of things, which characterised the Premier, he accepted the motion as one of no- con fidence," and Mr. Playiford and Mr. Butler, and a host of other gentlemen, who were politically married to die Treasurer for better—but more probably for worse —im- mediately came to the conclusion that no matter wnat occurred they were not going to vote against tlie Ministry. He had His greatest admiration for the Treasurer, and recognised in him a man of exceptional ability; he almost felt a sort of reflected honor, in the fact that they began their political careers together. Therefore, in disapproving of the action of the Premier, in accepting the motion as one of no-confi dence, he wished it to be understood that it did not diminish 'his admiration of him as a capable Treasurer. He did strongly disapprove of a Ministry when challenged on a point like this sulking and saying—"All right, we wiU leave the Trea sury benches," well knowing that in those circumstances there was not the remotest chance of the true opinion of the House be ing obtained. What was the use of merely criticising? The Ministerial hide became so thick as to be impervious to criticism, and so used to misrepresentation that it was Kin* hammering away at a political rhino ceros. To express disapproval by a vote waa the best and only way to prevent a re petition of this sort of thing. He could not see how any justification could be advanced for putting this £15,000 into revenue. The Treasurer said unless it was brought into revenue the House would have no control over its disposition, bnt that gave the House no control, because it was already appropriated by the fact that it was a do nation for. part payment for.the new School of Mines. That that must be so was Known by the fact that last year it was put by the Treasurer into a trust account, which did not go into the ordinary expenditure, and therefore was not subject to appropriation by the House. It did go into the cash bal ances, and Parliament could see it there, and therefore had all the knowledge of it they needed,- because if it was not dealt in properly the Minis try could be called to account by a direct vote of want of confidence. He had not the advantage of being an ex- Treasurer, but it seemed to him that when it was put into the cash balances last year it should have been left there till ex pended. In '"cash balances," statement "D,"' last year, there appeared trust ac counts for the Supreme Court fund, £170,000, publie trustee, and police fund. These did not require to come before Par liament, every year, and neither did the nest item. ''School of Mines. £15,000." The list ended with "Sundry accounts, £110,000." How the Treasurer could get out of the charge of misappropriation he could not see. The only inference was that he, like many of his predecessors, sought to get credit for more revenue than he got in, and the fact that this was done in the past did not justify its repetition. Besides, where it was done ia the past it applied to Government monev, and was done by Act of Parliament. He (Mr. Glynn) entered the House in 1887, and be remem bered that the bringing into revenue of some of these exceptional sums, such as the £70,000 from the Real Property Act Fund, and iu some cases, premiums ou loans, was strongly condemned by many members. He condemned the practice him self, because the accumulated deficit in ISB7 amounted <to something like a million, and Dhere was great need for new taxation, but the Government, of the day would not face their responsibilities and tax. The taking of the £70,000 in 18S7 was partly juailied. because there was a change in the general policy with regard to these trust funds, and the new Real Property Act was passed tihat year, which^-luckily for the then Trea surer—allowed him to take over the money. Nevertheless, these accixmu-latati baiaiK'es ought stver to have been taken into re venuo in a lump in any one year, but ap plied ia the reduction of the deficit ac count. Shortly after that there was a. sum of £175,000—0f which £140,000 was bor rowed money—taken over from the Nor thern Territory. These were accumulated sums from advances made to the Nortb?i*n 'TcmtHtfj and, the application pi -the ?um of £170,000 to the account* of one year was I ciitfUenged ou tlie ground tliat it was an easy way for tilt' Treasurer to pet rid of bis responsibilities, anil ilia; the pro|>cr method wo-jM have been to apply i; to IJIO dcticit account, because it. represent**! ad vances extending over eight or nine years, and should' Lave been used Iv reduce' tliede ncieiicies for all iliose year*. Tiicix.- wero oSiier >uufc afco: lliiere were iiremiutns on tJie .-Je c/i bund's v\\-Jiitsl s-liould — slrsctfty speaking—have gone to the credit of flic iutoresi atx-ount of the loan account. TJiese sutil% nltough, wore taken into revenue to dinnnfeh dhu resipotiMlHiitics of Lfae Minis fcry, and l3ie practice was condemned by the Canmi-L-Kitniier of Au<iii. The same -thing ha;p|>enic-d iv 1891. Two Acts were passed taking over unflaimed balances in the banks and the funds in tlie liaiuis of the Public Trustee, and these moneys were taken iulo revenue. l'JieKe method^ were exceedingly wrong, and the popiflion taken by Mr. Oaid well and liiiir-olt and some oiiier members was diat tifese adventitious sources of in come Should have gone into the deficit ac count. vSo even on this ground The Trea surer coirld irot. justify Jiia action. About two mfltions of money was received l>e rmeen ISSI and 1887 from tuie ?sale of land, and The oonaeijuence was tiliat in ISB7 tiuere was a neee*-ity for facing -that res]>onsnbil ity of the deciindng Joan revenue, and how ?t"his ivaN done was to collar all -these big aima lying to other people's credit. Was the Treasurer justified in Taking over as revenue for that particular year a gift whidh Ire previously put Do a trust account. Tlhe position liad been summed m> by Mr. Playiord. The money was trurft money, it dad wot require any iippropriatioD, and pay ments should have been made out of thai trust account as required. The Treasurer replied that because the amount was placed at interest, and lifaat he could not hare spent what was necessaTy without taking it into revenue. He ought to know djiat that ltad nothing to do with the ques tion. He (Mr. Glyun) could not see wliy it was pot at dntcrest at all, because it did not moke lie smallest difference to the Treasurers balance. Me had mentioned that there was £170,000 to the credit of the Supreme Court, and someifring to nhe Pub lic Trustee's account. There was interest on that. Here the money was put into a trust account, and because interest was paid on tlie orfier tru^t accounts it was paid on tiiis, or would the Treasurer as sure liim that it was an arrangement; with ilr. Brookman? (The Treasurer—"lt was the suggestion of Sir Langdon BonyUion.") By <£hat means the Government diminished the amount they would nave to vote to mate up t!h? £31,000, in order to bring a little more credit to Mir. Brookman.. Un der the circumstances lie Thought <the no man of ilr. Solomon -was justified. He looked to see what was done iv England in matters of *his sort, but there everything was taken into revenue. They also took alt loan moneys, and thus in creased the revemie to 170 or ISO millions. He could not find one consolidated ac count here. We had the loan account, gene ral account, and trust account, and it was as plain as possible into which account this money should hare gone. It was the cus tom in England to provide for deficits of revenue out of revenue, and if possible in the same year. It was the policy of Mr. Gladstone, in bis great speech of 1851, when he said the moneys required for the war expenses of that year should, as far as pos< sible, be provided by taxation during that year. That was the proper method of financing, and justified l?? criticisms of the impropriety of taking these adventitious re ceipts into revenue, so as to evade the proper burdens of each year." Revenue de ficits accumulated over a period of years ought to be extinguished oat of revenue during a. similar period of years, llr. PEASE did sot want to be charged with giving a silent vote on this, question. Mr. Solomon had been complimented on the way he introduced the motion, which he was quite justified in bringing forward. He had put it as strongly ' and as fairly against the Government as it was in his power to do. The debate had not assumed anj' acrimonious tone, and he felt confident it would be the same to the end. He did not know whether the action of the Gov ernment deserved all the hard terms ap plied to it. If they endorsed all the re marks made by Mr. Solomon they mnst be of opinion that the Treasurer was guilty* of some heinous offence. He did not quite agree with the method of, finance which the Treasurer took. If he had admitted, as' he seemed almost to have admitted, in reply to Mr. Playford, that he had made an error of judgment — (the Treasurer—"ln not-taking it into the year before") —the debate might have been much shorter. Instead of that he entered about the strongest defence possible. He had taken up two lines of defence. First, he said that he did what was quite right, and then, in reply to Mr. Playford's stric tures, he almost admitted he had made an error of judgment. The most serious charge against the Treasurer was that he had taken credit to himself for bringing the finances out with a credit balance, when really there was a deficit. Parliament place it on the sShoiflders of tsie Treasurer to keep the finances straight. Mr. Solomon had challenged the Treasurer as to the date when he took this particular, sum of money into the general revenue, whether it was in the first or second quarter of the last financial year, or whether it was only taken in some time this month. The Treasurer did not seem wflling to reply to so perti nent a question, ?wTuch presented the point whether tie Treasurer would have taken the amount in if he could have brought out a surplus in any other way. The Trea surer did not wish to regard the money as any other than trust money until he could not square accounts, without taking it in. The question had turned round the point whether this sum of money could be re garded as revenue at all. He did not pro fess to be an expert in matters of finance, so far as the accounts of the colony were concerned, but it seem ed to ibim that <t3ie Treasurer was not jus tified in putting this into consolidated reve nue when it was ear-marked for a special purpose. There was a certain liability at tached to this money which precluded it from, being ueed for ordinary purposes of revenue, and consequently if the Treasurer wished to take it as an ?item of revenue He had a right to put a contingent liability on the other side. (The Treasurer—"l put it in the only way possible.")—which was to give himself credit for it tot year, and not to charge himself with the liability this year. It was given for a specific purpose, it was weighted with a Kabifcty, and while the Treasurer took credit for ?the amount be did not take the responsibility attached to ifae gift. In bis defence—and it wou-ki have been better if he had adopted a dif ferent style of defence—the Treasurer sought cover by stating the acts of pre vious Treasurers in taking in sums of money which they were authorised to do by Act of ParKaanent. It was easy to see why they did tiiat. Parliament had un doubtedly wished to save itself from the duty of 'imposing fredh taxation, but be cause at assumed that the country was not in a proper state to toa-ye fresh taxation imposed it did not fo?ow that the Trea surer was justified in doing what Parlia ment did. Parliament was just Hied in do ing many things that the Treasurer was not justified in -doing. Parliament autho rised die raising of loans, but the Trea surer could not raise a -loan witta ou-t the authority of Parliament. Parliament might wWh to save tlie country" fi'om further taxation, and so adopt nierJiods tvOikSi laid it on the' Trea surer, either to ,bring out his accounts square or take tie res]K>naibility of asking Parliament to impose fresh taxation. Par liament had a right to consider die people. Tue Treasurer was responsible to Parlia ment, and not to the people. The Trea surer' liad said the contributions to the Ade laide Hospital were on all fours with this donation. He did not think they were. The subscriptions to the Adelaide Hospital were a. particularly accurately ascertained amount, and the Treasurer took them into account, and put against them on the other side pretty-well-ascertained expenditure. So the Treasurer's explanation could not be taken. He did not wish to further probe the motives which might have ac tuated the Treasurer in taking over this amount. Undoubtedly it was a benefit to bring out a surplus if it were brought out properly from revenue. Tiie Treasurer knew this was not an item of revenue, be cau.se he put it to a trust account, and charged uiinself with interest on it. That was done until he felt compelled to take it in to square accounts for the year. It was ridiculous to say that interest iras allowed an tiiis trust money in order to aJlow Mr. Brooknian's gift 4io appear larger. (The Treasnuer—"Can anything else be served by it'r") He did not profess to follow all the ends which the Treasurer had in view. He was only endeavoring to. get at one or two which were appa rent. "The lily don't ueed no paint"' was said in the House on one memorable occasion, aud Mr. Brookman s gift did not need anything like that. The gift was a noble one, and was intended for noble use. That an attempt should be made to magnify the gift by adding interest to it, lie could only describe as ridiculous. The reason given was a very weak one, and was ?.ot Mi&icicnl; to justify the Trea surer. (The Treasurer—"lt did not make a penny difference to auyonc.'") He knew it did not. .Mr. l'lavford had let the Trea surer down lightly l.y savins ho did not know what he was doing. The Opposition had charged Mr. Holder with many iaults, but he had never yet heard him "charged with Ijcins stupid. (Mr. Solomon—"Mr. PJaviprd is the candid friend."). T.he pm did friend was sometimes vexing, and the] Treasurer must have been vexed when llr. Playford said he .lid not know what he was doing. He would not beiieve that the Treasurer was stupid. The whole tendency of die farts of the <-ay*> Auwcd that He was not, but that when lie saw the year was coming out with a deficit be looked round to see how Ijl- could prevent it. It was not liis stupidity, but hi? keenness of finance, which led him to lay his hands on tihis pajLiculai' ?un of money. In Hie <rir omitaanL-es in. which our exirenuiture had gone up last year it w?u3d have been far better tor the TreaHurer to Slave boldiy ac knowledged Uiat the year's operations had resulted in. a deficit, owing to the umisuaFJy large cost of the continents in JSourii .Airica. Our bondholders would not have i thought any the -worse of the colony if Che j Treasurer iad. taken up diat iwsition. Mr. i Solomon 'had .said t.hat this motion was up on a siraifrht-out i?mc. Xo doubt it, was on one parLceular j>oiut- He dfd not kn-ow itfliother tin! hoii. member when he was re ported to 'have said thai he would nrake it <2iiikruit for lion, members 'to vote against rile motion, expected, by .?? doing that he would gain any more support. He (the speaker! dad not think die leader oi the Opposition would thus gain any more sup port.. They could not turn a. Government out upon a sbraight-out issue of this kind. Other oonyiderations were ibound to arise. Mr. Butler had put idle difficulty whidu he fe]t, and which no doubt others felt, viz., tnac tliev would not be justified in. turning the Government out of office vriih ail their faults in order to put into office a Govern ment whose policy the House had no m<eaii?> of knowing. J^Svcr >t3ic espctienoc of £hat afternoon he did not t'hlnk the Treasurer would repeat die action of which members comgvlained.. Tlie result, of the discussion would not. be to remove 13)e Go vernment, from office, bat -would be in ef fect a -warning not to do -the same thing again. (Mr. Solomon—"Guilty: but don't do it again.') He thought co, and was prepared to accept "the verdict of the leader of the Opposition, because the adoption of the motion -would mean the ousting of the Government, wiricili would be a punishment out of all proportion to their oEcnoe. He <&d; not <tfhank there -wus a. singje member k4o >vidied to place any upon the Treasurer. Tie lion, member was about to enter fhe larger arena, of Federal jKrtitics, and they -did not want him to go out of .the House -with any discredit upon him, but witfi all the credit wWdi his long career as Treasurer and member of the House entitled Mm to. Although mem bers .might feel that die Treasurer had made a. mistake in this matter, they -were searedy prepared to brand "him with bein<- guilty of the heinous offence of cooking the public accounts, and to allow 'him to enter the Federal Parliament -vritth that stigma attaching to him. Sir. DARLING was rather amused at the last sneaker, and at some of the more ex perienced members who had spoken. The Treasurer was responsible to that House, and the House was responsible to the peo ple of the colony. The Treasurer had brought down a statement of accounts, which members, as custodians of the public interests, had to examine and closely criti cise. When those accounts were presented there appeared one item that in the'inte rests of good government they felt bound to find fault with the Executive upon. The motion submitted by Mr. Solomon was one that dealt with the accounts presented to members as representatives of the people, and it was their duty at the earliest pos sible moment either to approve or con demn those figures. He heartily commen ded the leader of the Opposition for the course he had taken. As a representative of the people it seemed to him that it was the only manly course for the hon. member to adopt. He was surprised that those who bad spoken most strongly against the Gov ernment ?were going to vote with them. These gentlemen condemned the action taken fey the Treasurer in very strong terms, but added that in the interests of South Australia it was most desirable that the Government should still have reposed in them the full confidence of the House. As one hon. member he felt that such a course was an unwise one to adopt. With him it would not be a matter of "You have sinned. Don't do it again." Mr. Solomon was not responsible for the issue that now was presented. That hon. mem ber had simply tabled a motion relative to a certain irregular transaction put before the House. If the Government desired to take the responsibility of making it a no confidence motion they must abide by the consequences. That was not going to affect his vote. He was there either to approve or condemn by his vote and speech the ac tion of the Treasurer, and -whatever the consequences he intended to do as his con science dictated. It was not for hon. mem bers to condone the offence. They tad to look at these matters to a large J-extent from a practical everyday point of "view. He saw no reason why the Government should be treated in matters of finance differently to a private in dividual. Supposing, for example, that he was "entrusted with £10,000 or £15,000 for a specific purpose, and he paid that money into his banking account not for the specific purpose intended by the donor, but into his own ordinary account, current for dealing. In a week or ten days' time perhaps the person who had given him the money might come and ask, "Have you expended that money for that particular purpose?" He might shuffle a little and say, "Not up to the present time, but I will let yon know in a few days." If he had an overdraft at the bank, and imme diately the money was paid in the bank foreclosed on it, it would be said "That is one of the greatest breaches of trnst im aginable." (Mr. Playford—"There is no analogy.") The principle was in no way dis turbed, -whether it was the Government or a. private individual that was concerned. The man whose money was taken by his banker because his account was overdrawn might been perfectly honest in his intentions, but owing to his position might have been unable to give effect to them. When such an individual came before Mr...Com missioner Russell that official would say to him—"You .incurred a debt without any reasonable expectation of repaying it. (The Treasurer—"We didn't incur a debt at all.") He knew the way the Treasurer had of thinking that black was white, and so would excuse him. He thought that Mr. Butler, in view of that hon. member's re marks, might well have moved an amend ment to the effect that owing to the valu able services rendered to the people of South Australia by the Treasurer his of fence should be overlooked, with a caution, and if the hon. member had taken such a course he could quite understand Mr. Play ford supportine the motion as proposed to be amended. What were the merits of the case? One of our wealthy colonists, who had been connected with mining, desired to show his gratitude to South Australia by making a donation of £10,000, earmarked, to the School of Mines. On behalf of that institution and others interested the donor thought he could do nothing better than place the money in the hands of the Trea surer as trustee. The Treasurer—"That is absolutely a mistaken understanding.") He would show that the Treasurer knew it. (The Treasurer—"That is absolutely wrong.") The means of negotia tion were through the President of the School of Mines. The Treasurer received the money, and as it was not required im mediately said, "We will allow interest on this money." Did ever anyone know of in terest being paid on a gift to themselves? The position was that in the balance-sheet of 1899 there was an item of "Trust funds, £408/183 1/2," in which was included this £10,000 to the School of Mines. If it was right to take into revenue this £10,000, what on earth was to prevent the Treasurer from taking the whole of the £408.083 into revenue? (The Treasurer— "Because that is not our money, and this is our money.") The Treasurer had ad milted that day that if the Government were unaible to go on with the building of the new School of Mines, this money, be ing earmarked for that particular purpose, it was their duty to return it. (The Trea surer—"l didn't say tliat at all. I said that if we had not* been willing to spend it we ought to have relumed it.") The money was taken by the Treasurer into trust account. .It remained in that trust account for how long? (The Treasurer— "I can't tell from memory, but something over twelve months."') The £10,000 was paid on June 15, 1899. Tt was then treated as trust money, bearing interest at an agreed rate, but a little later on, when it was thought that the two ends would not mcct —about July or August of the present y-ear—this transfer took place, from the trust account to revenue, a nroeeedin? he must decidedly object in, as 'being entirely misleading, and as a bookkeeping entry dishonest. The Treasurer 1-old the Housp! that on January 4 the foundation- stone of ?the new building was laid, and that on April 2 the work commenced. The Trea surer said that the deposit or tnust ao <N>unt wa-s then closed. If so, how was it that the money did "not appear as going '"to revenue on the April quarter? The Treasurer had stated' that t3ie deposit account was closed on April 2. and yet tJie money was not taken into revenue until July or August, which showed that the Treasurer's statement ??.? not in accordance with fact. He was surprised that the Trea surer had attempted to mislead the House. (The Treasurer—"l did not attempt to mislead anyone.") How interest could pos sibly accrue if the money was taken into revenue account iie did not know, for in terest could only be borne as The result of a book-keeping entry. Although the Trea girrei; bad fried to. tead- Hbg Honee-io, euj> pose that tiie books of commercial houses were not kept on similar lines to those of the State, he could tell him rhat tha; they are kept on the Mime principle. The pro per oour.-v would have I>een to pay ihe do nation into a special aix-ouui, on which the Tr<?a.surer could operate as required, and which could 'have twine inlerosi at 3 per cent. The Treasurer said there Iwid been no gain in the matter of intere-t, but when the £15,000 was ]?id into the account current of the State at the bank it saved the interest on their overdraft to t'iiat extent. It. was no: ror the Govern ment to pi:iy with the money o! die people unless they had the special sanction of the House. The Hoiw did not approve of the manner m which the Treasurer had jugiried with, ifoe finances so as to make the your end ap|*arenLly with a. surplus instead oi a deficit. He did not ajirce with the Trea surer as to the comparisons m-.ide between the present case and thos? of tiie trust money belonging to the Supreme Court, or the insurance money in the Lands Titles Office. Those were Government depart ments, and the House was the proper tri bunal to say the money should be taken into revenue account. * (The Treasurer — "They were extraordinary revenues/) Yes, and if it was necessary to have an Act of Parliament to take them into tlio re venue, it was much more necessary with re gard to Mr. Hrookman's donation. The Treasurer had staled thai it the vote was carried it would do a great injustice to his colleagues, a-s he was the only sinuer. -N ron% t>he duty of the other Ministers was to examine Irtie public accounts, like members on this side V>f the House, and they should have been as conversant with them as the Treasurer. He was sorry the circumstance hhd occurred, and he would much rather tliat tiie Treasurer had \zept to the lines on which he started. Hon. members who disapproved of the Treasurer's action should support th.c motion in spite of the threat to treat it as one of no- confidence (The Treasurer—"Could I with any decency or self-respect do otherwise?") He did not know. Tiie Treasurer seemed to think bhat if he had a majority of votes in hi> favor, cvem oltOtough the majority, includ inc; many of his own friends, condemned his action' by iiiesr speeches, he could still with decency and honor retain die position of Treasurer. On tarch a matter iie alone could be the judge. Owing to the tactical manner in w&ieh; doe Treasure- had put the matter tliere was. said to be no doubt as to die vote. He (Mr. Darling) was not-in fluenced by considerations of success or con success, but was shnpiy doing his public duly. He tad a greai respect for die Tireasurer, tat. lie would not be ?> sarcastic as to suggest that he made this error in dioughilests ignorance. The Treasurer, possibly without consMering the serious ness of the action, caused this entry to be made, -nrith the idea tiiat it is much better to have a surplus -than a. deficiency, whici; at once neeesatates a troublesome recon sidertaKaozi' <?f ways ?ukl meaner We nad established Charity Commissioners, whose duty it was to receive money at* trustees for -the public, and to recoup tSie revenue according to the expenditure made on tike works to be undertaken. He had not gone into the general finances, but (he did. not t9rink t&e; action of Mr. Solomon would in aay way discredit Sootli Australia, in ?3ie eyes of iSie -world. It would rafcher show that the actions of ttie Treasurer are closely watched, and- feariessJy criticised. AMiough comparatively a poor colony we "were in a poshaon of eSeolute solvency, and although the 'benefits of Federation might not be felt for tlhe first few years, we should reap many (indirect advantages from unions The issue of the motion was a simple one, and if he was in flhe minority he would not be ashamed of his vote. He supported the motion. Mr. MILLER congratulated Mr. Solomon npon the speech he had made, and regret? ted that other members who had spoken in support of the motion had not dealt -with the subject in that fair and straightforward way in which the leader of the Opposition had treated it, A good Opposition was cal culated to keep the Government straight, and to educate the people in what legisla tors were doing. He favored the method adopted by Mr. Solomon for arguing the matter in dispute, for it was much better than the system which had been employed of kite years of moving the adjournment of the House, ousting the Ministry, and leav ing everybody in ignorance of the causes of it. The Treasurer had not attempted to conceal or misappropriate the £15,000 con tributed by Mr. Brookman, and he -was satisfied that the wishes of the donor were being complied with. He would liVo it to be made certain that those members who complained of the Treasurer's financing were animated by a desire to reform bis book-keeping methods, and not with the object of removing him from the Treasury benches. It -was to the advantage of South Australia for the Government to finish with a surplus, and the Opposition were mistaken in casting such unjustified reflec tions upon the financial administration of the colony. One member talked about the Treasurer faking the accounts, while Mr. Copley accused Mr. Holder of wriggling. These criticisms were damaging to the colony, and they were unfair. The debate bad shown that little fault was to be founH with the fiTinTi??ja] operations of the Go vernment, and he opposed the motion. llr. PKJOE said he was sony the discus sion had been confined to one particular subject, and that it was not of a more gene ral character. It was jsaid tlbat the Govern ment should not <ha.ye accepted the motion as one of want of confidence, but he failed to see how else they conH view it. llr. Solomon had sprung a surprise upon the House, and. particularly upon his own party, and he believed he had taken the responsibility of tabling the motion with out consulting anybody. At tibe first Mush it looked as if there were something queer in connection with, the Brookman donation, but he could not say that anything had been done in a wickedly -wrong way. In stead of paying the £25,000 incurred in the dispatch of the contingents to South Africa in one year, the amount should have been spread over two or three years, and that would have enabled the Treasurer to have kept the £15,000 donation as a trust fund. The Treasurer in no way concealed what he had done when he gave'his Budget speech. He told tlie House straight out what had taken place. The Government were anxious to spend ihe £15,000 a long time before they began to make any dis bursements from the funds. Plans had been prepared for the new building on three or four occasions, and each rime the council of the School of Mines rejected them. Thecouncildidnotknow exactly what they warned, and hence the delay. Provi sion was made in the plans for a lecUire haJl, and when it was submitted vo the authorities by the draughtsman, one gentle man said they wanted a hall greater than the Town Hall, and the plan was knocked out. Believing that Sir Langdon Bonython was the ruling power in the School of Mines he bad the courage to in terview him on the matter, and he asked him whether the plans would be accepted in all reasonable haste, so that em ployment could be found for the men out of work. He could not blame the Govern ment because of the delay that had taken place over the erection of the new build ing. Nothing would have been said about the £15.000 being taken into revenue if there had been a surplus without it. Other amounts liad been taken in in the past and nothing was said about them. He understood that the Treasurer absorbed the £15,000 in revenue when the work was begun at the new School of Mines. He was anxious to appear before the public as an honest man, who desired equally with other members of the House to sec the financial administration of the colony con ducted on straight lines. If the motion covered larger ground possibly the itosition he was now assuming would be altered, and if the motion embraced the question of the treatment to men on public works his vote might be given in an opposite direc tion. A rtiffer backbone than was pos sessed now by the Ministry was wanted to reform this state of things. If they turned out the Ministry on this motion the Opposition would have a free hand to do as they liked, for they indicated no lines of policy at all. The Ministry were com mitted to support liberal measures. He had asked that afternoon whether any tinkering had gone on, or any agree ment entered into with anybody over a question of vital importance. Tiiis was the Factories Bill, and if he knew that #he Government would under auv circumstances wlialever s.i<.-rifii-_- llie Labor Party by agreeing to spoil it for the sake of Batting a majority a!t lie ofher side of die House, 'he -would vctte against tihem. (Mr. Grainger—"That i* -pretty.") It was serious aod -honest. He and"'his party <bad many a time been buffers for other sections of tlie House, and he had seen lie Opposition crawling over and join ing the Gwemment to defeat tie Labor I'ar.ty wheu Wiey were in a tight corner. He would rather stick to "the present <","?> \---vernment, even if they had faults, than turn Hhem out, units; he gdt a pledge as to what uhoir successor were going to do— not a secret pledge; no mutnerings in cor ridors and shaking of beads-. He remem bered too -well liow t;hiis sort of tthioj; went on when tfje Kingston Ministry went out. The jwliey i>f i.heir successors was n^aj-ly the same as Chat of the defeated Govern ment, except jn one narceular. 'but that wad a niosi vital one—(housahold suffrage— and chat vote killed the Bai for the pre sent. These things made liim and his suf fer a pood deal ratiher xhan '"bite." It was all very well for Mr. Solomon to bring this motion forward to ventilate one fluesiaaa* He .(Mr. Pace), *o flho-w TJhat other acttf of tiie Government had ibot'n improper, and ii rlic motion had included them 'lie woul.l have h:id to *e rioa-Jy consider n-iieUluT he should not vote a^iiu.J: tinm. IK- w.hiM vote ior the <Vo vernnieni this time, and hoped ifliey would <1*? in'iuq- hi the future. .Mr. (UIJttVIObU s.iid lie admired Mr. Price more i'.>r his .iiminur than his policy. A i-liort 'time njro lie ?;us lecturing the liou^e for the way the public accounts wore kepi, but if they were kejrt as he would like the colony 'would soou 3>c in a very pL-culiar i>o<ii;om. lie said:—"The Govern ment U i*vn <werocd l>y the press and a section of -ihe House, r-nd now feared to spend money without Parliamentai-y sanc tion. The Oovenvmcnit had undertaken ?to complete the Adelaide Kailivay-stai-iou, and they should have the pluck to carry out the contract, irresjieetivc of whether ?the House liked it or -not."' Mr. Pric? wanted to get the maximum of udv.tntage fur his class from the Government whether ihe House liked it or not, bu: *'hey were not *ent there to allow advantages to be reaped hy questionable means; what rliey had to do was to carry out the law as prac tice and precedent dictated. The laborers of the colony were no doubt entitled to a great deal more than the House couH af ford, but members had the interests of the whole country, and not one class only, to study. Xo v>ne had more reason to be satisfied with lliis debate 'than (he -had, as for years 'he had despaired of the finances being j?roi>eHv administered Jinless a Com mittee of Public Accounts was appointed. This discussion had i-irown the pressing need for such a committee, judging by the speeches of supporters of the Government like Mr. Play.ford, Mr. Miller, and Mr. Bus ier. All round Ihe House the sentiment was ahat the finances were not nnder proper control, and if mem- Iwrs were consistent they would support him an liis demand for the appointment of a. committee. The party he belonged to had not counted votes on this motion, and there had been, no attempt to ascertain 'how die division would go; tliere had been no touting. Tile question liad been sub mitted on its merits, and was a proper one to submit. In past years no Ministry would have lived long after such an indictment as tie present one. Talk about the Govern ment not being responsible for the actions oi one .Mini_-t?r, he remembered wliwi a stronger Administration iiad been turned out of office because of a departmental squabble. Tliat was before the Treasurer was in the House. The present Govern ment was only strong mrougn a peculiar combination of circumstances which ren dered rt exceedingly difficult to displace them, no matter what they were guilty of. Tlie Labor Party, the Country Party, and, he believed, also an outside Independent Party, were all in conjunction, a&d; voting for the Government. (Mr. Darling—"The eclipse will come.") It would, and "then lie hoped they would get a little more day light. Sir. Peak*—"That will not be brought about by an eclipse.") 'So, but the darkest hour preceded tihe dawn. (Air. Ar chibald —"There are no poets in the Govern ment.") Then they should soon die. be cause it was only poetry that kept the State alive. Numbers were a secondary consideration to the Opposition; n was a matter of principle with the mover and ruose w3m> were supporting Tiim. They re cognised thai, in the interests of decent business a. different arrangement must ob tain. Expenditure sbonld be regu lated by income, and they should not look for bonuses, such as death duties, to make up the accounts. He had always voted against Governments who wished to square **"??'? aocounts with nest eggs, because' the practice was im moral. Vvhen it was proposed some years ago -to Tnairg an alteration in the paying of public money by taking it from Glyn, Hills, & Company, and letting tiie work be done in foe Agent-General's office. Mr. Playford strongly opposed it, and then went home as Agent^General, and claimed his full share of credit when lie put tie system into practice. The matter was first called attention to by tie gtate Bank Com mission, of w^iich. he was chairman, and nothing would have bees done but for Mr. Grainger's action, in passing a motion in the House. (Mr. Playford—"l originated it when I went home. You do not know What you are talking about.") He knew Mr. Grainger moved in -dhe matter. The SPEAKER—I do not think this has anything to dowitfh tjx question. Mr. CALDWEIiL bowed to the ruling of the Speaker. He would support iHhe motion. Mr. GRAINGER said he was rather glad this discussion had taken, place, because it might possibly do some good. For years past i£e national bajanoe-sheets had been morcor less fixed up to please the House. Over and over again when, there had really been a. deficit the Government by manipula tion of the figures had produced a small surplus. In this particular case, the Trea surer lad gone the wrong -way to work, and anyone wiili the most elementary knowledge of bookkeeping must know that he, was wrong. He -dot £15,000 for a cer tain object, but tiie House Had not yet de cided to bniM the School of Mines. Mr. Butler had ehown*oa.t it might happen, that gifts migbt be given to the Government tor work which the House or the Legisla tive Council might object to carry out. For instance, suppose some ptibmltjiiopfc colonist gave £100,000 towards building an outer harbor. The Ministry would, of coarse, accept it, but if Parliament refused to construct tihe outer harbor the £100,000 would have to be 'handed tack again. It \rouJd be given for a specific purpose and earmarked ior it, as Mr. Brookman's dona tion -was earmarked for building a school of minffi. The" new school *as to cost about £31,000, of winch Mr. Brookman irad generourfy given £K,OOO. Knowing as they dad wibat Government Estimates were, they might reckon on it costing pro bably £50,000. Was Parliament prepared to commit the coiony to an cxpendJtnre of £30,000 for this purposeV The Legrstefcive Council might object of the Assembly did ndt, and if t3ie latter wanted its rights re spected they must respect those of fhe o-tiher House. He knew something about tthe School of Mines, and might favor ihe expenditure, but lie could quite understand other people taking an opposite view. The Treasurer said fims way of manipulating Hhe account wias the only way to get tiie neces sary autllroritv from, the Honse for going on with the building. He could have done tiria in several ways—by resoMtion, or by putting a certain amount down in a Loan Bill. He sfliould certainly have got proper autirority before spending any money on Che work. He was quite unauthorised to spend any of 'Mr. Brookman's money on tiie understanding tihat the cost of tie building was to be doihie that of Mr. Brookman's donation. So the Treasurer was wrong in starting the ?work without Parliamentary authority, and then in earmarking the money and taking it into revenue. If he considered it was re venue it was his duty to have informed the House of it last year, but he said no thing about it. He left members under the impression that it was trust money. They only knew by the Commissioner of Audit's report, to which Mr. Darling had referred, that it was put down as trust money. No reference to this windfall was made in the supplementary budget. The Treasurer men tioned that he expected to make £9,000 extra revenue in one direction, and £12,000 in another, and said that £21,000 wqiild en able him to meet the cost of the contin gents and give him a balance on the right side. If he had not made that unfortunate statement he would not have brought this £15,000 into revenue. He should have taken this £25,000 out of the loan, and no one would have objected. But when lie found himself on the wrong side of the account —when he found himself with a larger revenue than he expected, f and a still larger expenditure. lie could not take wha£ he wanted out of loan moneys, because last December he said he had enough, no he shied off Scyl la and got wrecked on Charybdis. He look tliis £15,?0U, and what was the position to-day? The money given by Mr. ISrookmun for a certain objert had \wen spent on something else. Only £1,300 had l>een actually spent on the work, and we would have to pet the balance of the £]j,OOO from somewhere else out of our ordinary revenue, thereby increasing taxa tion to that extent. He"did not think the thing required any explanation at all. The 3"reasurer had made a blunder, but he (Sir Grainger) was not going to go so far as the leader of the Opposition, and turn him out of office, because other questions arose. If this motion were carried, and the leader of the Opposition were sent for, he could not sit on the Treasury benches a fort night, because there were-33 members of the liousv who were pledged io their con stituents on the question of household suff rage. Members had had an exhibition in another place of how much they were likely to get out of the other side. The Conser vative Party had thrown, the red rag in the face of their opponents. (Mr. Copley —''The Government could not have been in absolute sincerity about the Bill when they moved the Chairman out of the chair."") When the Bill was absolu tely chawed and chopped away the sooner it was laid aside the better. There was only one Hiiing for tie Government to do. So one would stop on tie "Ereasurv benches wilk> would not toe the (fine. 'Members must dtick co Ibegis lauve Coumril reform, or they would not come back after facing their constaouenlK. Some men would be returned, no matter irovr often- they changed their views, but tlhe majority of them, would not come back unless <iiey stufek to their pledges oil this injpartant point. They found' the Mel bourne "Age" advocating a change i? Vic toria; and th? question of hbusehoJd suf frage tras the only tiling: £ha? induced hhn not to vote witii Mr. Solomon, The Con servative Part}-, with whom be did not agree on tfais question, tfnragkt it would ruin South Australia if tie householder had a vote, but some years after <3ie house holder has a vote they would find that South Australia wall not be ruined. Tinea tiat. party altered their opinions never (or a month at a- tame could they occupy tie Treasury benches. It would nave been jnet as .well if the Treasurer had admitted Sue blunder, as the Commissioucr of Crown Lamb did the otiher day. WThat could they day tto a man who owned' up to a blunder? It made tfhem forgive nim, and it was by far the Aorte* cut. By not admitting the blunder lie had got more into the mud tihani ever. They all recognised he bad made a mn^iake, and they would support tbe rescAutioni if it were not & no contidence motion. He wanted tbe other side to understand that there iras no oc casion for them, to -waste "the time of tie House—te did not think it toad been wasl^ ed that day—or unfairly impede the pro gress of the business of the House, because tihey had not tie ghost of a chance oi oc cupying the 'Treasury benches—if they ever got there by any fluke—until they altered their views on the franchise for the Legis lative Council. Mr. WOOD did not agree with -what the Treasurer bad done, but "he wouH not be so aevere on him as some members. It would have been better if the Government had treated the money as trust money, but we were all liable to mistakes. No doubt, the expression of opinion on this matter would prevent similar mistakes in tbe future. Mr/1 Solomon felt justified in mov ing nis motion, because be conscientiodsly believed a wrong asd an injustice had been done. Mr. Playford was more severe than any other member, and put the Trea surer's action down to stupidity. He had net 4kch whipped up for nis vote, and after the Treasurer's explanation he did not feet co much against him. If die cheque were made out in Use name of tine Trea surer, and tie Treasurer knew li3ie money would have ito come out of revenue again, ihe crime was not so glaring as some had made it appear. He had pnMiinp to thank the Government for, but he would be sorry to see the Treasurer at this stage turned out of office, branded as he would be by the utterances of some members: Shortly there would be an election to tie Federal ParHament, and he would rather see Trea surer Holder elected to that Parliament than any oiier member of the Honse,"be cause he irotdd go for that which, -made for freedom. If lie were removed from office now it might do Ihim great harm. While it would have been better to save had this money kept separate, the matter did not justify members in tnr?^ tie Government out. TTiic vote womVl be with the Govern ment. Mr. SOLOMON, in reply, repeated that in submitting tihis motion he did Dot count heads or reckon on the support he would receive. It sufficed for him to know that he had done what he considered his duty as leader of die Opposition, in. catling attention in an emphatic and manner $o a piece of nmnrinfr which, to ius mind, was of a most improper and dsSEreditaSile na ture. Tbe debate on the motion, even though, when die numbers were takea be mfl^ht. be in a distinct minority, (had proved to 3um tibat be was amply justified in tfae action be took, for it Showed the views and ai^gumenls, instincts and beliefs of mem bers were almost unanimously jn. agreement uhat "One action of the Treasurer was o& \---tinctiy -wrong. He bad been ttoM co by some of Jbs best supporters. Let diem take such a. loyal old colleague of tbe Treasurer and o&er; msmbeie of tbe Government as Mr. Hatfford. How. proud most Mr. Holder feel of the magmficast support be bad received from Mr. PJayford in regard to his action in. this mat ter. If Mr. Playford had had a few of his (Mi. (Solomon c) motes in his hand be would have made a. stronger indictment against the Government than he did him self. As it was. what did he tell the Trea surer? Distinctly that the transaction was wrong and improper from one end to the other; distinctly -that there was no justi fication for it; but that as he did not want to make the punishment too severe for such an old and valued servant of the colony, he would vote with him. Then they had the opinion of men Kke Mr. Grainger, Mr. Butler, and Mr. Peake, who told them in no measured terms that the Treasurer's method was wrong and improper. His ac tion bad been justified in every way, ex cept that they wished it was not a no-con fidence motion, except that the man who had dragged the finances of "the colony in the mud was Treasurer, and that he 6honld not be punished too severely for the blunder, as they chose to term it. They beHeved that every word he uttered was justified, "but did not tfrink it afair thing just on the eve of Federation, when the Treasurer would probably be leaving die colony, and when he had been under the temptation to bring out a surplus, to discredit him in any way. It remanded mm of an anecdote- he once read—he forgot to whom it -wie attributed—of a member of tfie House of Lords who, in conversing with some ladies wibo had been in tie gal lery listening to a very able address by the late Lord Disraeli, was asked whether such a magnificent rhetorical exhibition had not made him' change some of his opinions. Hia reply was—"My dear madam, even jf 1 have been thoroughly convinced uiat my opinions on die subject were wrong, and I have changed them, I never change my vote." Those members who bad approved of every word in the motion he had tabled, but who would still vote against it, ought, indeed, to foe prond of their votes.' Mr. Price had said with regard to tvs state ment that the money had not been taken into revenue at the time stated by the Treasurer, t3iai be had failed to prove hie assertion. He did not ?wash to go over any of the oW arpumentfi again, but as it was still early in the evening he would take a minute or ?two to point out that the state ment 'by the Treasurer was dist?Dctly that £he building operations -were commenced in March. Subsequently the Treasurer al tered the date to April % but etiE affirmed that directly die expenditure on these ope rations "began tbe money -was taken out of deposit account for tie purpose of giving the House control of tJie expenditure. He Tad clearly tihown by turning up the returns of revenue that Hie money was not taken out of tlhe deposit; account in March, April, May, or June. It did not appear in tbe statement pub lished on July 2, and be said now that that money was not taken from the deposit ac count into revenue until August, when the Treasurer found he bad a big deficit. However, it wes not for him at that stage to quarrel with members who differed in opinion from him on the motion submitted. Mr. Price had said that if he had moved this motion from a. wider standpoint, and had not limi ted it to a question of financial bungling lie would have Had to vote with him aa well as bis party. (Mr. Carpenter— "Be didn't fay thai.") That was iriat Mr. IVice meant tliem to believe anyhosv. The leader of tbe Labor Party was prepared to condemn the Government on sonii lines, but could not go with him exactly on the lines of the motion. There were other members who said if he had moved the mo tion in some different way they would have supported him, and ?> a host of excuses were offered to iry and justify to their con* sciences and the public at large tbeir votes against a motion which commenced itself to every man who would take ths trouble to look into the question at issie. The motion was clear and distinct. He asked lion, members to say that they dd not ap prove of the Treasurer having brought out .1 surplus by taking into reyemu the sum of £15,000, which was distinctly trust money, and which was no mote revenue than the few shillings he had in his pocket at tliat moment. Did they appravc, or did they not approve, of that action '( They might make what excuses tier liked for saying they did approve of it It was for them to justify to thar electoral their attitude and *heir rote *a this mat ter. He would content himself with say* ing that foe had done Jus duty, and he ap pealed to ihon. members to vote accordingly as Cheir conscience!; dictated, either "Yes" or "Xo," in regard to the motion &c; haoJ tabled. The motion was dodared aegatived, and! Mr. SOLOMON called for a. Jiviskm, vbicW resulted as follows: — Ayes, 12—Msssis. CaMwet, Catt, Ooptey, Darling. Dnmean, Gflbeii, Gtynn, 'Hague, Pleach, Poroton, BotmseveS, and golomoa (Idler). Noes, 23—Measns. Ar?aribald, BaicbeloJi Brooker, Butler, Carpenter, Coneytieer, Cummins, Denny, Dumas, "BaeAai Hoopesi lfocrigan, Hutchison, Jenkins, Sk?cGfll*> vray, McKsnzie, Mdfler, Morris, EeakOj Price, Shannon, Wood, and Holder (fa*?, ler). A majority of II for tie Koes. PAJBS. Ayes—Messrs. Casting ?Hardyside, Vo* Doussa, McDonald, Bonfonrg, Kir Joint Downer, ?Gflei, and Gnffi&s.; Noes-Mesas. McLadman, Blacker, livw ingstone, Scberk, OTjaogMin, Pleyford, Grainger, and Tucker. ASCEHCB. XTUSj CISE. Mr. WOOD moved—"Hat, m tha opinionl of tiua Souse, flihe trust moneys in tbe Arthur will case, now held by tha Treasurer, should be said to ihe benefi ciaries under tbe will/ He would go on witli ihe motion, olthdu^L it' was a little late. The justkeof tie case ?wasench that there Should be no difficulty in setting & favorable vote. ' He trusted?*> tbe Honss; to give him a eohd vote. . - The TItBASIHJEE moved 43k adjonrn* ment of ihe fleljate. < This teas dedaxed carried, and Mr, WOOD called for a division,' which re* salted ac fallows: — Ayes, 2&-Messr& Archibald Batchelor, Butler, Caldwell, Cett, Copier, Cnmmina, Darling, Denny, Dumas, Foser, Gilbert, Hague. Jenkins, MrKfflzw-, Milter, Mor ris, O LougUin, Paech, Pease, Shannon, Solomon, and Holder {teller). Noes, 12—Messrs. Brooktr, Carpenter* Coneybeer, Olynn, * Hbnn&n;* Hntcassona, MeGfllivray, Poyaitwn, Pcce, aonnsere?, Tucker, and Wood (teller. . Majority of 11 for tire Ayes. The debate was adjouned bxSeptembcr POIXJNG-PJACE. Mr. McKENZIE mowd for a procun tdon declaring Tarcoolaa polling-place ; tbe electoral district of Hinders. Carried. ? STEAM BOI3EBS BILIi. Mr. CABPENTEEanoved for leave to introduce a Bill relatug to steam, boilers. Carried. ' ? '? ? HOMESTEAD BIjOCKS. - Mr. BUTLER mp'ed for a return showo ing—l. The area purchased for homestead blocks in thelumdEd of Munno Para, near Gswler 2- The anountpaid for same.; 3. The cost of survey 4. The area, taken for roads. 5. The tot.-* amount of rent paid'onl such lands. 6.. Tie total purchaae mone^r EENMAJK TRUST BHi. ." . The TBEASUSER moved for leave toim trodnce a BUI elating to the Eenmark to rigation Colony Concessions. . .???., ?arriC<OON?TiTBTION BELL. ' \- The TREASURER moved for lease 3a introdnce a Jill for an Act to provide for the framing, acceptance, and enactment jal a constitnti>n for South Australia, and to grant a CSM List to her Majesty, and *a define ParJameniazy electoral districts, and' for other purposes. .' T ..,'_' Carried '.*_* The Bil was introfluced and read a trs? - time: second reading next day. . , . PAPERS. ?" ? The fcUowine papers.were-laid ?- onatha - tS^T^^Bi SECBETA|Y^ Pursuit to etatute-fiepbrt of flui State Children's Council for the year endeddune 30 WW. ?By command—Second Frcgresv Bepert of the Public Service Commission. . Ac 10.39 pjn. tiie Hbose ? adjonm#i -tiW nest day at 2 pjn. - >. THE PARLIAMENT. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Wednesday, August 29. The Speaker (Sir Jenkin Coles) took the chair at 2 p.m. Deanng lt> signatures, praying thai toe J'atawakmga Bridge Bill should be rejected. Received and read. FACTORIES BILL. Mr. PRICE asked the Premier whether Bhe Government intended to adhere to the Factories Bill as it is now, or had any ar rangement or promise been made to any member or members with the intention of sacrificing any part of the Bill? The TREASURER (Hon. F. W. Ho3der) ?-The answer to the first question is, ??Yes;" to the second, "Xo." Mr. PEAKE asked if the Government bad under consideration any alteration in the present form of tie Bill, or had they decided not to mttirt* any change in its pzx> irisions? The TREASURER said suggestions for alterations in the Bill were made by several tnembers, including Mr. Peake. No deci non had been arrived at to accept any one of the suggestions- Mr. HUTCHISON asked if the Gweni tneot proposed to restrict tie ecope of the iBill? The TREASURER—No. The Govern ment wwufld adhere to the BtD as it stands. DEFENCE RIFLE CLUBS. The CHIEF SEGRETAKY (Hon. J. tJ. Jenkins), in reply to Mr. McDonald, said the Government proposed to establish ?everal rifle clubs in country centres. There ?rere many more applications, however, than couM be acceded to, ana the Acting Commandant would recommend chose (which were most suitable. THE TRAMWAYS. Sir. DENNY asked if it was one that the Governor in Conned bad consented, in uniting, to the .conditional agreements entered into between Mr. Snow and the various tramways companies with regard to the purchase of die Adelaide ad Subur ban tramways, add what was the effect of mch concmt fsx jneference too. isie future action, of the Government on the same sub ject 9 The TREASURER {Hon. P. W. Holder) ?aid it was true that the consent nad been given in several cases, tout whether it had been (riven in ail he -was not prepared to eav off-hand. He believed it bad been pven in o3L ? Its effect was to leave Slings jirecraely where they were regarding aH righte and obfigataon?, but to make the persons v/iii w&om; negotaaaaoo? would lave to be opened up deal w?ih both Mr. 6now and -due eomsames. t Mr. DENNY asked under -what Act lie (signature of tihe Governor was obtained, ?and were me various local bodies interested nonsuited ¥ Tie TREASURER could not quote the Bomber of the Act from memory. As the consent pven ?would in no wise alter iihe position for totter or for -worse of the local bodies, <6eir opinion 4ad not been asfced "AUSTRALIAN STATISTICS. Mr. GRAINGER asked—Witat is tire amount of taxation per bead in. this and lbhe neighboring coVmres? The TREASURER replied—New SonHi ?Wales. £118/; Victoria, £2 11/U; Qneens h?d filOA SouWlnstaalii, £2 11/3; Taanaiia, £3 1/U; West AnStraiia, £5 10/9. Enenaai year, 1898-9; latest com pike returns. SBDRIHAND WRITERS FOR LAW OOUBTS. Mr CALDWELL asked—ls <fhe'Goveni taerit mrare that mjnfcr£>?spedaetaisi aeas the services of .sTwrtmawi reporters Bie-teiiig vtifeei ia Hoe ?^* i^^o f towed to advantage in tihe EEgh, Covts of Tte^R^ASUBEK tepHed—A report wiD be obtained. A DROVERS' GUIDE. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN ?LAMB (Hon. L. O/LtWBHm), m £p£ ?&> lMr. MSler^ aid tihat it -was the intention of tte. Gowtnn^to arrange for tlhe V?i&Baia;*<£&J; l%m^ B GuHe," s&nflar; to that pwyided by Wie Queenflbitd Government. PEEP DRAINAGE. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC "WORKS (Hon. R. W. Poster), in reply to Mr. Prooker, said that be -would obtain a report from the EngmeeriwCanefaeto uhe poaabiSty of coonecttng ?ie dastoot of aiik^W. -witai the deep^winage PURCHASE OF ORES. Mr. McDONALD asked—L What is ?ie miantity sad !?*"mz<c£ tSL oiks pmaha?ed at DPartiAogO?ta? 2. Wtetti|te aaay value advanced for all ores pmx&ased;? 3. Wtoat fe the ?nooat paid to date? 4. Wtetfc the name of Uhe officer -fffao makes the "'^n^ COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS repSed—l. 2 'tons 12 cnt. 2 <jr.; carbonzfaes, mixed ?wilt grey ore and a litiie pyrites. 2. An advance of ?I per cent, of SenetTOlue. 3. £22 IS/- 4. G. A. Goyder, Government Assayer, tee made the asays co forTfaft otaier taiaugemente are to be made.' ?' ? V GUSNELG RAIL.WAY. Mr. BBOOKBR adad—Wihait?t/he ave rage number of passengere travdHang mfte five trainman the HoMfeflt Bay line, takmg of PDBIib "WORKS lepKed—The Conmrismoner of Baflwaye leporto tSiat there is no record taken Urn tx> answer on a yearly basis, bmVtbe probable average daily num ber is 246 is. np trains and 295 in down. VETERINARY INSPECTION. Mr. ?mtbt.-rij; asked—l. Will the Govern ment authorise Mr. Desmond, the Govern ment Veteanary Surgeon, to visit the chief cattle, dupicte of the colony,^and give practical iitJxueUon in the prevention and treatment of Hi?cagP? amongst stock? 2. Also, to instruct the fanners on other mat ters arismr under the Jtealth Act? The CHIEF SECRETARY replied—L The Government will give the necessary authority as Mr. Desmond's time permits. 2\. A circflar will be issued -which, may assist tamers and others. . EXPORT OF PBODUCE. Mr. 'WTtT-'P-R asked-fSeeing that we are likely to tave large quantities of hay for Bale, will me Government afford every in formation tnd facility to growers that they may avail themselves of the markets in Africa and China, if possible? The MHJISTER of EDUCATION re plied—Yes, every facility will toe afforded. Advertisements' are now appearing in dailies, calling for offers for submission to the Imperial authorities. fc. ISLINGTON WORKSHOPS. ? Mr. WOOD asked—l. Upon what date Hid Mr. Seymour Pank enter die Govern ment service at the Islington workshops? £. Was sach service continuous? 3. If not, when w?s it broken? 4. Upon what date did Mr. Pank re-enter the Government 6er- The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS Treplied—l. August 13. 1873. 2. Continuous until April 30, 1877. 3. Left the service on April 30, 1877. 4. Re- en gaged May 3, 1880. LABOR BUREAU. Mr. WOOD asked—i. Is it true that ap plications have been made for registration on the Labor Sureau as improvers, and refused? If 60, for what reason? ? The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS Replied—l. and 2. A few applica tions have, been made by youths to be re fristered as improvers, but they were told that it was no use to register under such a head, as the bureau is never asked for improvers. There was no refusal to re gister. ? LAYING OP PIPES. Mr. GILES asked—What is the dif ference in the cost of laying 9 in. pipes in a. temporary and a permanent way? The j COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS replied—The savings would be so different tinder varying circumstances that the question cannot be definitely answered —approximately £80 per mile. WOODCHESTBR SCHOOL. Mr. DUMAS aekedi-L Wnait repairs to £he Woodebeater school VraHiii^r bavebeen carried opt by ifae Staperintindent of Pub lic Braidings emce September 13, 1889? 2. At what cost, inclusive of travelling and 'ail oaher expenses connected1 -with ?(&?? walk. 3, Why was a local tender, as ob tained by iaieStrafialbyn Board of Advice, not accepted? Tie MINISTER of EDUCATION replied i—l. Pairtts?g internally and externally, jie peiring, plastering and forming dado to schoolroom, repairing ceilings, and etooping and repairing walla ester jially. 2. £18 11/7. 3. Because tie tender submjbted by &c; board of edvice estimated for track not consdered necessary, amd dad not estimate far other wort considered, necessary by the depart- BLetit. PRODCCSE DEPOT. Mr. nAKMNG aAed—l. What is ?3h? total ezpendiGure of £he Loxedon Wine and Depot to June 30, 1900? 2. What are the total receipts for SBMe depot to rame date? 3. Wist js the expenditure of tbe Ixnidian Wine and Produce Depot for tihe year ending June 30, 1900? 4. What axe the receipts for such depot for tiie year ended June 30, MOO? The MINISTER of EDUCATION re pliedV—L The total eipendttare on the Lon don Wine and Produce Depot to April 30, 180Q, m £27,147 3/9. 2. Tie total recdpt? for the same period are £1,734 17/5. 3. The total expenditure of the London Wine and Produce Depot for llie year ended April 30, 1900, is £7,<M9 4/2. 4. The re ceipts tor tie same period are £1,351 14/8. As tlhe London depot's financial year ends on April 30 it is impossible to give ilhe figures beyond April 30, 1900. The amount on tie K3tima£es this year is reduced to £4,262 far the year. PORT PmtE WHARFS. Mr. DARLING asked—l. What is the total cost of the- Queen's wharf ami dredg ing reserve so. Port Pirie to June 30, ISOOY 2\. For wfoalt amount is such property insured against loss by fire, &c;, and whai is tihe a.T?Ti.TmI premium paid '* The TREASURER replied — 1. £9,942 15/9. 2. Nil. LEAVE OF ABSENCE TO MR. CASTISE. 3fr. McLACHLAN moved—"That two weeks' leanre of absence be granted to tie num. member for Woorooxa, Mr. Casuijie. on account of urgent private business." Car ried. JfOOONFn>EN TCE MOTIOX. Mr. SOLOMON moved—"'That this House does not approve of the action of the Government in balancing the accounts of the colony for the financial year by im- Propeiiy taking into revenue the balance of the £15,000 donated by Mr. George Brookman for the erection of a School of Alines." In doing so he said he would, gladly have economised the lime of the House by agreeing to the suggestion ot the Treasurer on tihe previous day to have gone on at once with his motion, but he found tha£ zuany hon. members of his own party and many other members, who did not anticipate a motion of this important nature coining on, were absent from tae Chamber. Therefore he considered that it would have been somewhat unfair on his part if he had gone on directly with the motion without those hon. members hav mg an opportunity of hearing his remarks He chose very naturally to give notice of a motion of such an important character in. order that they might have as full a House as possible, and so that members might learn from trim the reason that he had for moving such a motion, and form their opinions fairly and dispassionately. He had not adopted the usual course oi leaders of the Opposition of counting noses or heads as to the probabilities of success or defeat. He had since last Thursday, and before then, carefully considered the position exposed by the Treasurer in his financial statement, and he had arrived at the conclusion that in order to justify his position as leader of her Majesty's Oppo sition, and in fulfilment of his uuty as such to the people of the whole colony, he was bound, whether success or defeat attended his efforts, to challenge the statement of the finances which the Treasurer had made, and to put it to the country whether such a system of Bnawranp is to the best interests of the colony or is detrimental to it. These sentiments impelled him to the course of action he had taken. Hon. mem bers on his side of the House knew that what he had said,was absolutely a fact— that there had been no attempt to whip up members upon this question up to the very time that he gave his notice of motion, and whatever the result might be he claim ed that as far as bis conscience indicated, he was taking the course which any leader of the Opposition, true to the trust imposed in him by his colleagues, should take. It was his intention to conduct the debate with all the decorum and dig nity possible, and' in such a way as not to call for the Speaker's intervention for a second. He did not in tend to trespass one inch beyond the word ing of the motion he had tabled. (Mr. Shannon—^ls that the only grievance you have against them.?") No, certainly not, and he trusted tie hon member would not think so. This was a most serious griev ance, and although lie could enlarge upon otter points of fiT"""^ administration, it rested with other hon. members, if they cnoee, to broaden the scope of the debate. His complaint against the Government was sufficiently broad and serious for every right- thinking man in tie colony. His complaint, as embodied in the motion, would an any English-governed country have tie necessary effect which Mr. Shan non thought would be eiven by a broader bads of complaint. He intended to con fine his remarks to the transaction by which the Treasurer, and bis Government had sought to bring -before the people of tie colony, of the adjoining colonies, and of the old country, to which we have a large indebtedness, a false state ment' of our -financial position. He wtiuld confine himself to the mannrr in which tihis balance had been arrived at, aiid if other members chose to enlarge the scope of tihe discussion that was their busi ness and not bis. On July 2 fact the dafly press pdbheoed an approximate return of tbt? revenue of the colony up to June 30, TsihicQi the Treasurer 'supplied. In that statement it was ehown that the total revenue amounted to £2,763,164. He would Mot go into details concerning the different quarters from which this revenue was de rived. ' That tras absolutely unnecessary, and QB be had so wish to block ifae busi ness of the country in any possible way, and desired to take the opinion of tihe House on faW motion at as early a date as possble,he did mot want to encumber his speech more than "he could belp. The ap proximate statement to which he had re ferred gave an increase in the revenue of £97,687 over and above Uhe previous year's . revenue, and showed an amount oi £38,829 more tban die Treasurer had esti mated. That statement-appeared to be very satisfactory indeed, and both daily news papers came out with a justifiable flourish of trumpets congratulating Mr. Holder up on the tact that the revenue bad exceeded the estimate he had previously given to Parliament; also unon the apparent buoy ancy of most of the revenue-earning departments of the State and the general prosperity of the colony. He had nothing to complain of on that score. He joined in congratulating the Treasurer, the Par liament, and the people of South Australia Upon the buoyancy of the revenue, and he was only too pleased to recognise that it was nearly £100,000 legitimately beyond the revenue of the previous year. Later on a somewhat different color was placed upon those hitherto satisfactory figures. The daily press on August 10 published the absolute figures of revenue and expendi ture, and these showed that instead of the receipts being £2.763,161 there had been an advance to £2,780,658. As the expendi ture for the financial year amounted to £2.779.317 there was a balance, sccorfmir to that statement, of £1,541 to be added to the credit balance with which the Trea surer started his financial year. Much surprise was expressed at the discre pancy in the figures published in .Tnly and in the following ' month. There was a discrepancy there of £17.694, and although it was difficult for a Treasur er to estimate on June 30 exactly what the expenditure had been because all the ac counts were not Li, it was. as a general rule, almost a certainty ?that" he could estimate within a very few pounds what the actual revenue was to be. This peculiar discrep ancy between the figures published on August 10 and those previously published, and which, had been obtained from the Government, was so strange and unique as to even attract the attention of one section of fhe press in particular—"The Adverti ser"—and to induce tiiem to make certain comments, ile tfaoueht members would admit tiat when "The Advertiser" began to criticise the Holder Government there must certainly be something that both the public and members of the House should look at. (Mr. Shannon—" 'The Advertiser' is fair.") Undoubtedly; there was no sec tion of the press that was not, but "The Advertiser" was—he would put it—a little lenient to the Holder Government, as would be seen by the very pathetic article in tfhz.t morning's issue. (The Chief Secre tarv —"It "was an excellent article.") Ko doubt, and the reference to "hancing" probably struck tile bra. member as being very fine. This discrepancy was so striking that it induced "The Advertiser" to Took into it rather ckraely, friendly dis nofieti as the paper was and always had been to tihe present Government. He tjhoagnt the Premier would admit *&a.t; he terd much to thank that branch of the press for. (The Treasurer—"Hear, hear.") "?The Advertiser" considered it a duty, however, to the general public and to its readers to comment on the matter in this way: — "The Treasury statements have been gazetted at least a week later tiham (be usual date, and there is rea son to suppose that 'they have been kept back for adjustment of some "bookkeep ing items." That was a. very charitable way of puttang it. The article continued: ''The approximate T?taims, published on July 2, showed a total revenue 61 £2,763,164. Now, almost invariably, tlhe approximate total is very close to the actual subse quently ascertained; but on this occasion it was £17,694 below—a very large and un usual discrepancy. On examining, details vye find that an the revised statement the receipts from reimbursements, fees, 4c, have been advanced £15,890 and interest and exchange, miscel laneous, &c;, £1,804, which sums j account for the altered total. These are just the items which the 'man in the street' does not clearly understand, and is apt to regard with suspicion as conven iently open to financial hanky-panky. Mr. Holder is doubtless prepared to explain (he altered figures, and after him the Commissioner of Audit may be expected to throw light upon them." He was rather sorry that a paper so friendly disposed to Ihe Government as "The Advertiser" shouM use snch a. term as "hanky-panky" about the Treasurer's dealings. Although 'The Advertiser" was not a paper he swore by as a rule-^CThe Chief Secretary— "lou swear at it.")—iierhaps, sometimes —Ue thought they had u^se<^ a ver>- hot term in this case when they de.scribed such a transaction as financial hanky panky. Well, this little article, which was published on Aiigu.-i 10, had at lea=l the effect of doing something in favor of the Government of the day. It serrrj to open Mr. Holder's eyes to the tact chat this nnancMl hanky-]?anky. as it was des cribed by "The Advertiser,7 * his sapjxjrtine pa[>cr., had been ixnvled out, and ii was neeessirj- for him, on tbe demand of the paper, whose (support he was deiiendent on, to come down to the Hou-se and make some sort of an explanation of this financial hanky-panky. Mr. Holder, if anything, was adroit; if anything he was ready to take advantage of the occasion, and find ing that liis financial transactions were undoubtedly to be sifted he made, as he usually did, a virtus of necessity, ajrrf came down to the House en August 23 to make his 15uiisc-;- i^pewh. Thvn lie fo?*rfcn "uj exjilain to the House—an explanation wliich "Tlie Advertiser," 'his friend, had demanded—this particular u.inky-panky by "which he 3iad made an absolute, definite, anJ c-le.ir deficit into a surplus, which -warranted a great 3ouri4i of trum pets about it. He made an attempt to ex plain it; but the explanation wjs not re ceived with much gratification by members of Parliament. It \va9 questioned by many members on the Opposition sid-e of the House. The whole question was ques tioned there ?nd then, and a-s it -wa^ questionable Mr. Holder could not complain of the attitude he (Mr. Solomon) ivas now assuming. He bad no hesitation in fcaying that had it not been for those -warning words in '*rhe Advertiser " this particular item of reimbursements, fees, &c;, a iove ly little item, would never hare been fully explained. (The Treasurer—"'lt is given in detail every year.") It took a lot of search before hon. members could find it, and by that time the danger of a storm had been avoided. The details were like the Audit Commissioner's report, Which came down so Jate that it was al most valueless to members in analysing* tihe <rue finajifial position of the colony or riie figures presented by tie Treasurer. Ifoese delaols took a Jot of looking after, and -were "hidden away very carefully, and had it nwt 'been, for the warning mots in "Tine Advertiser" sub-leader the House would not faive bad the explanation from the Treasurer. The explauatdon that -was given was a eamewihat flimsy one, which members would not approve of, and Which Iliad ndt on its face dhe absolute stamp of earnest kind candid truth. He would show members tlhat, bad tae the transaction was finiiTM-Mlj—and bad it -was in all conscience —he did not beEeve tihere was a Paf liamera in Ausoraiasia that would tolerate snch a finajicial statement — the excuse was indeed worse —an insult to the intelligence of mem bers—an insult to the intelligence of every right-thinking man in the House who knew anything at all about finance, and in itself, as be should show presently, absolutely and knowingly inaccurate. (The i'reasurer — "Impossible.") Oh, of course the Treasurer said it was impossible, but he thought that when members considered some of the Trea surer's credit balances and surpluses dur ing the past few years and the present transaction they would arrive at the con clusion that in financial matters the word "impossible"- had long been expunged from the Treasurer's vocabulary. Tne Treasurer had sought-to explain to the House this item of "Reimbursements, fees, &c;," to which his attention, had been called by a friendly article in "The Advertiser." XJpon this point the Treasurer said:—"The item 'Reimbursements, fees, &c;_,' shows an in crease of £21,000 on the previous year. That is one of those erratic lines, which is a sort of 'include all,' and I must therefore, say a few words about it." It. was undoubtedly a very erratic line, and that fact had been made to. serve a tremendous lot of awkward circumstances in the "include all" list. "That increase over the previous year of £21,000," continued the Treasurer, "is due* to two things. In the first place it is due to the Produce Department"—a magnffi ccnt earning department, about which he thought that afternoon they had had a few figures which would convince them that it was really the profitable department which the Treasurer said it was. (The Treasurer —^'You are mixing up the Wine Depot and the Produce Depot. ) Oh, of course they are separate now. (The Treasurer—"They always were.") Oh. He did think that both depots were under one business man agement, that both had to be paid for by one common purse, namely, that of the taxpayers oi South Australia, and he did not know that in this, as in financial ques tions, he might be utterly ignorant.' He had thought that the deficiency bad to be paid from on common purse. (The Trea surer—"You are right for once.") He was pleased to have the Treasurer's approval. As he had already mentioned, the Trea surer had said, "In the first place this in crease over the previous year of £21,000 is due to two things. In the first place it is due to the Produce Department, which earn ed a great deal more than it earned the pre vious year, and a good deal more than we anticipated, owing to the rapidly extending business that it is doing. It cost more *h?? vre expected, but the excess revenue was considerably larger than the excess expen diture; that is to say, the department is being worked at a profit." He was sure members -would be glad to learn that this Produce Department,whicheveryone of them knew showed a tremendous deficiency, was being worked at a. profit. There was a poetical license, he supposed, permissible to a Treasurer when he was trying to re commend a fipanffial statement to the House such as hon. members had had brought before them. He supposed this al lusion to the Produce Depot having been worked at a profit was pretty well on a par: as to its correctness with most of the other statements made by the Treasurer. The Treasurer was somewhat optimistic, and had a different way of looking at things financial to most hon. members. That gen tleman went on to say:—''The rest of the £21,000 is due to taking into account the £15,000 which comprised the two gifts by Mr George Brookman to the School of Mines. When the first £10,000 was given it was with the understanding that it was to remain on deposit at interest in the Treasury until it was required. It was therefore not taken into revenue for that year We allowed 3 per cent, interest upon it. Later on another £5,000 was given and during the past financial year, about March last, the work of building was begun. As soon as the exnenditure on the building began the deposit account was closed, and the figures for the past year include the outlay for the new School of Mines, so far as it has gone, and the revenue includes £15,000 to meet that expenditure. O£ course it might have been possible to have taken that money into deposit account in stead of into revenue, but in that case the House would have had no control over the expenditure." There was a good deal of truth in that statement, but there was a good deal in it that he thought he could Siow the House was, to use the mildest Parliamentary term, "absolutely contxarj to fact." (The Treasurer— "You can t show it.") He was glad the Treasurer on 4is question, but he would call the hon. member's attention specially to one lact— and he intended to *?*"***? T^s? that this excuse, which had been brought down for taking this money, was if any thing worse than the offence iteelf of tak ing that money, and had not upon rttLe stamp of absolute candor and truth. When he was in office in December last for a brief period he was happy to saythat he was able to get a grasp of certain financial SansactioU wfich he gave the House the ?km em <>l 'ater on, and which had pre vented similar Peeuliai'.fi^Jf'/Plll^ tions since. He only wished that he had been there a week or two longer, because then he might have succeeded m opening the oyster-like reticence of some ofhcers.oi the department, and in obtaining.fuller in formation than he did. When he was in office at that time, amongst other docu ments which lie obtained from the Under Treasurer was one showing the vari ous amounts that had been taken by the Treasurer in the ?orm oi deposits, some of them at call, some at a month, and some at three months, but with that portion of it he did not intend to deal. Amoncst this list of deposits and trust moneys, for so they were termed, was one item of fl?^,'*A? bf d in tniM-a donation by Mr. Brookman to wards the erection of a School of Mines. Opposite to that item, the method of its repayment was set forth, and there it was stated that the amount was to be repaid as required for building purposes, and carried 3 per cent, interest. The Treasurer ad mitted all this, and he would ask that hon. member whether the £5,000 subsequently given by Mr. Brookman was not given upon the same terms* Was it not to be repaid as required (3lr. Grainger— ??Paid, not repaid.") Was it not to be taken from deposit account as required? (Mr. Grainger—"Repaid would probably mean repaid to Brookman.") He under stood what the hou. member was driving at. All the items he was referring to had the methods in which they were to be re paid stipulated, and opposite the £10,QOO first given by Mr. Brookman, it was set out that the money -was to be repaid as required for buildiuir purposes. During a portion of the last financial year a certain sum of money had been expended, amount ing altogether to about £1,500. Whether the whole of that sum was justly to be taken out cf Mr. Brookman's donation he did not know, but in the excesses on votes the amount of £!J>2o appeared, which be took it represented this item. The finan cial document given him by the Under Treasurer stated that the money was to be repaid as required lor building purpose.-, ova the Treasurer would have bouu per fectly justified il ho had token from Uie amount of deposit money a sufficient sum to recoup him for the £1.500 which he had had to expend in' building during that financial year. That wa? his idea of the manner in which that money should have been manipulated. He was tomewhw astonished at the Treasurer's attempt to justify this business, and lit; was *ull more astonished that the Treasurer even now did not see that he had been guiliy of a. financial transaction that would not be tolerated in any other colony, and that lie did not think would be tolerated in this colony. The Treasurer admitted that he understood that that money was to be re paid as required, and the Treasurer also said in the remarks which he had quoted that "about M;uch last the work of build ing was begun."' The lion, member's own words were, "About March last the work of 'building was bepun. An soon as the expenditure on the building began the de posit account was closed." J)id the Trea surer adhere to that? He asked the Trea surer if he adhered to that statement made in the House on August 23 that the building work commenced in last, and that as soon as it commenced the deposit account was closed? He said that that statement was as devoid of truth and fact as the manipu lation of the money was devoid of justifica tion. If that money was taken from the deposit account it must have been taken somewhere. Was it taken into revenue when the building work commenced, or \va? it not? He asked the Treasurer to look at the statement of his finances on July 2, when he provided the press of the colony ?with an approximate idea of his revenue. Was the £15,000 included in the receipts for the March quarter, amounting to £734,339"? (The Treasurer—"Ot course it was not.") No, that was exactly what he was coming to. Was it included in the receipts for the June quarter, totalling £760^441? When was it taken into revenue? (The Treasurer —"I will tell you later on.") The Trea surer had told the House distinctly and clearly that his justification for taking this money over was that he sought to give the House control of the expenditure, and that therefore immediately the expen diture commenced in March last he closed the deposit account where this sum was earning 3 per cent. —as it justly should have been, and by inference informed members that it was then taken into revenue. That statement was absolutely not in accordance with fact. The money did not go into reve nue in the March quarter, neither was it taken into revenue in the June quarter. It was not shown in the revenue account pub lished on July 2, and was not taken into the revenue at all until the Treasurer got in his. statements of expenditure, and saw that his re venue of £2,763,164 would not meet his ex penditure of £2,779,317. It was then that this happy thought occurred to the Trea surer. Having scraped up all the unexpen ded balances he could, bavins collected what an old Treasurer once termed "all the nest eggs" that he could possibly find, having delayed the June payments to the Contingent members—(the Treasurer— "Oh, no")—and a good many more June pay ments, probably, if they could get at the bottom of matters—(the Treasurer—' Quite wrong again ") —having delayed all the pay ments that he could possibly shunt over from the past financial year to the present, the Treasurer found he was still some £17,000 odd short, and so this donation of £15,000, dictated by the liberality and pub lic-spirited nature of one of our citizens, which amount was to earn a fair interest until required for building purposes, and was the only unattached balance he could collar to square his revenue with the ex penditure, was taken into revenue to assist the Treasurer in bringing out a valedictory balance-sheet before he left the colony. Goodness only knew what South Australia would do when the Treasurer departed, but the point he wished to make was that be fore the Treasurer left the colony to sink into a perfect state. of despondency that gentleman desired his valedictory balance sheet to come out with a surplus, and by all . that was right or wrong he was going to | get that surplus, and so he did. i&e; "biansaction was bad financially, and would not be submitted to by any other Parliament in Australia, and he hoped would n>ofc be submitted to here, but ?das it was, tie excuse was -vror.se chat in-March last, when, tihe building vraa commenced, die Tieasuiier ?!osed the deposit account, and that he did not take the amount onto) revettue umcfl August. AUiough diey could not get the Audit CommJssioner'e report down now, tiey might get a statement from, him. ae to Aew-avtSieainouDifc?-as token into) revenue. (The Treaeur?---'I will tefl. you ail about it.") That mdght be sajtasfadtory to itihe other side of tthe House. (The Tnea, durer—"Tfone of your nasty insrauaitaons. ) The excuse 4&a.t; tie money was taken, out of deposit account in- March, when, the buildlins commenced, was absolutely con trary to' fact, and was worse even uhan die fintanicialan.ofpalterring'wdtSi. the money. If that, amount was taken out in March it i should have appeased in Uie Mansh. quar-! ter's itiansiction?. It taken out between March and June it should ha,ve appeared in tihe approximate balance shown on July * He challenged tlhe Treasurar to tell tne House where this amount disappeared to between the date wfhen he easd he closed rke deposit account and the darte, between July 2 amd August 10, when !hc suddenly be- Dhought nnnseif 'to take die amount into re venue. He did not wish to impart any un- I due beat itoo 'die debate. He might strongly, as he felt, but te spoke in respect ful language. PersonaJitaes he intended to avodd but he would ask itSie Treasurer to justify iris position-. (The Treasurer—^On, L ilnall, abaolutelv.") No doubt he would oratorically; he knew the Treasurer could with Ms sweet voice, fluent language, and winning way, convince a. numberof members ivfco are inclined to be convinced, that all! is right as right cam be. But tiait wasraoc: satisfactory to all hon. members. (The Treasurer--"! don't expect to satisfy you; I never did yet.") No, not with tbia class of fi?<-?i-i?ir It might be due tto nissuper aemative ideas of commercial integrity—a subject -wiish <tlhe ribald laughter of some of tlhe occupants of the Treasury benches proved ftney had not eufiiciently s*ud|ed. The Treasurer did not eeem to apprecsau: what commercial integrity means in. finance, and he sneered at such members as Mr. DarKn? and "himself, who had probably handled in their private business more pounds than, tihe Treasurer had hamdieu famihings in all his career. There was one officer in a. public department who had been placed above political comfcrol. He was the adviser of Parliament and the watchdog of the public finances, and he asked tile Trea surer to at leadt bring down an interim re port from tihe Audi;, Commisaioner Showing tvhien tines amount was taken in, axid whe ther it was taken into revenue in ilaroh, as tihe Treasurer had led tire House to believe. (The Treasurer—"l said no such thing.") What? Cite Treasurer—"l said no euch uhinc.") Oh, dear, dear! He was pre pared for a good deal of wriggling, but he claimed to 'liave proved 'the statement up to the Wit by drawing tliat lie figures were not included. The Treasurer said distinctly tihait about Msurdh last—(The Treasura*— "Yes, 'aioult' March last.") Was it about June lau'l? (The Treasurer—"l will tell >tm wfaea 1 speak.") Was it April, May. June, or July? As soon as ?ie expendicune on the building began, lie deport account was closed. Did they keep tne expendi ture ttway from, it? Did not they pay the men Ureir wages for three fnonufcs? When fhey dosed tie account in Mareli, and tihe expenditure begun, w3ja£ became of tihe money? How was it that il did not appear in the approximate financial siatemeniss for March or June? How -was it that ft did not appear on July 2; how did it not appear until August? From all the circumstances of the case he drew the con clusion that it was not until tiie Treasurer found that his expenditure figures so far exceeded his legitimate revenue figures that he sought this very crooked by-way of adjusting the finances. As to the further excuse about giving lie House control, it was simply absurd. Did he give the House control of die other £1,500, which was spent and passed into excesses ou votes? There was no need for it. What became of the balance of £3,500? The Treasurer had told the House that lie spent £1,50(1; that he put £10,000 on to next year's esti mates, but %c had collared or comman deered the whole £15,000 given by Mr. Brookman for a specific pun?se —trust money, ?which should not have been played with. Now, what :il?ut the other £3,500? (The Treasurer—'That will be spenD next year."') It was not down on the Esti mates, and to whose account was it placed in tlie meantime? It was gone out of de posit account; where had it, gone? (The Treasurer—"lt is in revenue account.'') Then there would be £3,000 more to go on next year? (The Treasurer—"?Xousen!*, you can't, count, the same money twice."') lie asked agaiu where the £3,500 was? (The Treasurer —"I must confess 1 don't know what you want to know.") If the Treasurer frad pul line £3,500 into accu mulated revenue account would ho justify holding it there witliout payment oi' in terest? Gould he justify taking out £15.000 ivhere they had only expended i."!.5(IO? How much longer would it remain in the hands of the Government without being ex pended? tSonie 12 months a^o he a.->ked tt'liat the Government were going to do in regard to the magnificent donation of II r. Urookman? At that time it was £10,000. j He suggested vo The Treasurer that a sum' should have appeared on the Kstimatcs at I least ]K>un<i f.>r iwund of the donation, in | oi-der to show thai we apjuvi-iautl the liberality of Mr. Kroolnnan. and that a definite jiUn of the building niiglii be pre pared. The Treasurer iuughc.l ai it, and said there wuuld bi.' no <x-ca.-ioii lor Uie liou^e to consider the whole of the vote i ai once, lie (Mr, .Solomon) poinu-d out that tiicy should not .repeat tiie blunder { made in rcspeirx to l'.irlUinent House, but vhat tlie Parliament should know what U suppo.ied to be >:]>ont en Uie work. What was rue. Treasurer's reply? — l'l.ins have been draivn up for £40.000: ,v2i),UOO now, and tiie resi as needed."' liiat w.i* on August, 29 tn" jasl year, whiuii date seenu-J a coinciilence. ;tnd a. fatal one, lie hoped, for the Government. He would a.-k those hon. inenilbcrs especially interested in Libor to conaiuer the iac-i that- the plans were <iraK-n u|? 13 months ago, ioi<i that tiie work had been delayed, and kept back from artisans and others who .-vrely needed it, in order to nice: the necessities ot the Go vernment? The total rfpem. in 12 months was only £1,500, mostly in excavation, and foundation work. Tie money had been kept bock to fill a gap in ilie Treasurer's finances at a time when, above all times, -ne should have come out wrch an lie-nest balanw-i'lieet wliich could challenjre the criticism o; Che whole world. He did not intend to go into other questions of financial management, but hon. members who 'had read, the reports of the Audit Commissioner for tiie lasa few years would know that the Treasurer" had laid himself open to the most severe criti cism as to his method of finance. Grave charges had been, mode in lihe Audit Oi>mmiistoner"s report, unA these had re mained unanswered; indeed—'he regrettted to aay it for die sake of the Smnor os the House—?'tlhey had been condoned. Tiie transaction to wihicii ue had drawn, atten tion tous, to say tie least ot it, discredits able. It could not reflect any possible credit ujjou Souna Australia, and, in spile of tae sueers, i3ne insufe, and Wae opprobrium whidh ne expected She Treasurer to heap upon ton in Ibis reply, he felt it his bo-unden duty to table tne motion. The Treasurer always toM uhom tfaaj- it wtus tSic duty of uhe "House to swallow his financial i3ta.te menits, no matter iiow wrong or false tiiey mijihi be, aatlher than be so unpatriotic us to let ix go foruh o> the world and sSjok those on the coher aide of tsbe water, to wSuoti we owed money, wirait the true legiti mate financial position of uhe colony was. If it were Uhe verdict of the colony and the Parliament tihat outspoken, honest, and truitihfui criticisms of financial transactions of this kind -were unpatriotic, and were unworuhy of a member of tlhe House, the sooner 'he ceased to nold a. seat tihere the baSber would !he be pleased. Every member bad a. duty to perform, not alone to the particular district he represented and its peculiar paroenial wants, but to die wholie colony, the cona\>l of ibe finances of which was entrusted to diem. They were bound to see tihat die statement of accounts sup plied for the iniorma£k>n of Parliament, tine taxpayers, and die bond'hoMers, to whom tiie Suaie was indebted for 22 or 23 millions of money, was absolutely truthful, even thbagh -they migihi not be as pretty and dhow as much prosperity as ohey would like. It was sheer, unblushing impudence on uhe part of any Treasurer, and an insult to the inteHigence of tike House, to come down with a fabricated, fudged —and he had iJie dictionary meaning of the word—statement of tihe finances of the country, a statement that was not truthful, inasmuch as be had taken into revenue for the purpose of showing a sui^ plus a sum of money which was honestly and legitimately trust money, donated for a specific object. Could any business or commercial man with the slightest know ledge of finance justify such a method of balancing accounts? When the Treasurer delivered his Budget Speech Mr. Darling, without any desire to be offensive, inter jected that if he conducted* his business 'or brought out a balance in this way he would probably get into the Stockade. Mr. Dar ling looked at the position in a way that every right-minded commercial man must view it. If a private business man pre sented a balance-sheet to his banker, and took into his balance trust money, and if he had to face the Commissioner of Insol vency subsequently, he would be, on that false balance-sheet,, relegated to his proper place—the Stockade. What was true with regard to a private financial or commercial transaction should in ten times a greater degree be true concerning the high form of integrity and honesty with which the finances of South Australia should be con ducted. Sight, fair, and legitimate dealing on the part of business men should be emulated by the Treasurer of a province. He did not know whether the Treasurer lacked commercial experience, or whether he hal -some peculiar kink in his mental reasoning power which caused him to choose, by preference sometimes, the de vious course when be dealt with financial matters, rather than pursuing the straight, honest, candid path. What need was there for the Treasurer to bring down a" balance-sheet bolstered in this way, unless it were private motive? in consequence of the near approach of the Federal elections? There was a natural desire on the part oi Mr. Holder on the last occasion that he would give a Budget Speech to a local Par liament to present a balance-sheet which showed a surplus, and with a flourish of trumpets he nad informed the House that toe had come out on the right aide, whereas, as a matter of fact, if he were bonest ne_ would have Shown a de ficit. They all joined -heartily in congratu lating the Treasurer upon the buoyancy of the revenue-earning departments of the State, and when the balance-sheet showed that in spite of bad times and bad seasons the revenue &ad; increased by £90,000 over that of the previous year, surely the Trea surer did not wane to submit a bolstered, false statement and a misrepresentation of facts to Parliament. The Treasurer said there was a sudden and unexpected expen diture, and tley aJI knew it. The dis bursement of £25,000 in connection with the dispatch of the contingents to South Africa was dictated by a wholesome patrio tic feeling, and every member was as much responsible for that as the Government. They a3l voted for the dispatch of our sol diers with both hands, and in the face of that w&ere;, then, was the need for the Treasurer to present a bolstered balance sheet just to dhow a £1,500 surplus* Could he not have said to the House le gitimately and honestly—"T come down with a deficit of a few paltry thousand pounds, but I have spent, in accordance with your loyal desire, £25,000 ou behalf of South Australia in endeavoring to help the mother country." No member would have objected to the Treasurer showing a deficit under ?ich- circumstances. What motive could the Treasurer have for tak ing the opposite course? (Tlie Treasurer —?"No motive at all.") If there were no motive, then the stupid transaction, of which Mr. Holder had bean guilty, was such as to unfit him entirely to continue to hold the reins of our finances any longer. If there were a motive there would nave been some excuse for Mr. Holder's action, but as he pleaded now that there was no motive at all, it proved him to be a man who was incompetent ami unable to run the finance? of the country. (Tlie Commis sioner of Crown Lands—" He has had nine years of it.") He would not go! into details concerning the favorable I winds which had happened along, | and which had enabled iiiiu to fill the sails of his State vessels and steer a course free from all so^ts of shoals. This he had done witb_thc aid of the astute and ?on>cwhat clastic conscience of the Commissioner of Crown Lands. Whiit the Treasurer had been able to do with the asfistance of such a colleague had been a matter of wonder to him. Though there were no publ'C n?o \---th-e or good purpose to be served by the Treasurer ie bolstering up his balance sheet in this way, there must have been some motive. They would not have heard of this transaction possibly had "The Ad vertiser" not called attention to it. It was a bold dash, which, if it had been made by the Treasurer at the front in South Africa, would have earned for him the Victoria Cross. These methods of financing were discreditable end dishonest, and would do no good to the colony. Would members tolerate their continuance? On his motion they would have to do one tiling or the other. Either tlio House would approve or disapprove of this means of linking the balance-sheet of the Suite. He trusts rneinbei-s would not cloud the issue by drawin^ foreign herrings across tlio track, or Ly moving sny ainaiiimciits to the mo tion. Here was a straight-out issue; the gauntlet was thiown down fairly and M]uan>ly. The question before the House was—Did they or did they not auprove of the way in which the Treasurer had dealt with trust money? The responsibility of deciding rented v.-ith mcmliers for all time. If they did not condemn this procedure, they condoned it, and approved it. There could be no side issue liore. He lifld cn cieavorcd not to waste - the time of the House, and liad tried to put his case in temperate language. He had striven also not to use ftersonalities, and he asked the House to uphold a high standard of finan cial integrity. Tlie debate on tlie transae lions lie had cl-itieistni would go forth to the world, fur and ncir. There misht he tonic members who would satisfy tlu-ir <-on science by reading the leader in "The Ad vertiser" of thnt morning, in wliit-li it was stated that this was not a ""lianginl; mat ter.'' Whatever the punishment minlil lie. ii was the duty of every mem ber to affirm by his vole whethci or not he approved these financial tninsar tions. He hoped again tJiat the bich cli.iiao ter, integrity, and honesty of the people of South Australia, and of members who were their representatives would be up held. The TREASURER hoped his speech would not be characterised by any less courtesy than that given by Mr. .Solomon, and lie congratulated that" lion, member on having j delivered the best sj>eech he had ever heard i J'roui him. His only regret was that Mr. I .Solomon did not have a better case. Mr. ?Solomon hud stated that he had taken this action at the dictation of his conscience, aud he had no doubt that was one of the motives which had actuated him. In the absence of ;l right view of the case Mr. Solomon had come to certain conclusions, upon which he had based the motion which he had submitted to the House. While the motive to which he had alluded was one which had impelled 31r. Solomon to take this action he could not admit that that was the sole one. Mr. Solomon sug gested that he tthe Treasurer) was actua ted at times to make federal capital out of certain things, but he believed that Mr. Solomon had thought for months i?ast that if he were only Premier of .South Austra lia when the "elections for the Common wealth occurred he would secure more votes than under ordinarv circumstances. (Mr. I'eakc— "That is he would have a two edged sword.") lie would say something which miglit sound egotistical, but he did not care who considered it in that light. He did not think he had any need to stoop to anything to secure his return to the fede ral Parliament. His position on the poH at the time of the election of the delegates to the Convention was such as to justify his belief that he could secure his return to the Federal Parliament, whether he was in office or not. lie had no hesitation in ap pealing to the country in that connection, and every time he had done that so far he had come out all right. Mr. Solomon said lie did not want to waste time, and he only wished he had thought of that on Tuesday. He would have been pleased if Mr. Solomon could have proceeded with the debate then, and thus have saved the time of the country, lie conlemued utterly tiie wvisoe of public unic, wiiacii Wild entailed ihe previous after noon wJi?n cbds question might well have been seded. He would give Mr. Solomon am opportunity of -testing who -was inocSt tiarsioitt to get a vote wiitooiK. loss of time. He could not, of couise, control those mem bers who wiahed to speak, but lie would say thai ate far as he was concerned be was prepared to let a. vote be taken on Che speech of itie mover and his (the Trea surer's) ireply. 13ien tihey could get on with die public business. The Government had no desire to waste time, and, be made thai offer Co Mr. Solomon. The boo- mem ber 9iad im speaking confined huneeif to frh?* terms of the motion he gave notice of, arid which lie had moved, but it -was to be noticed Glint he made t-wo or three appeals for somebody else to come to the rescue. His case evidently was not strong enough, amid -therefore it was to iiis mind necessary and desirable chat someone else Should break etlher ground and level further charges as. ithe Government. For instance, he ?would like someone to object, because tie Government -were zoo liberal, and some one else because in, some other particular they were 'too Conservative, and wihen he had got ielp of this kind from all pans of t3ie House, lihea, and only tihen, did he feel that he could cany bis motion. Hence he appealed for additional charges against the Government, but any such charges his col leagues would, as be Irimaglf couid not speak again, answer fully and satiisfaainrily.. Mr. Solomon, made a definite staitemenlt— ntesh. 9ie repealed many times—to die ef fect <tiaal the financial potation had been falsely staiued in the. Budget ?>eecn. That was -tie burden of "his song. Let tthem look at vhe question. The Budget speech was not a ezaxement of profit and. loss, or it should have rflrown a statement of income, Qi3s3us, Kaibilities. It was xuoit a, £taite men-t of assets, bat one snowing -tie trans actions <o£ She year, of the money which had come, into and gone out of account, and cer tainly it was a Statement which did not af ford room, for any atonement of liabilities whatever. It eet out the various items of income, and in connection: wrtia dies very hem Ihe fitatted the obligations concerning it, and pointed out tlnat it was Mr. Brook mam's gift, and that of course it involved Parliament keeping good faiti with him, and spending the money on a School of Mimes building as time went by. Me showed fupbher that already £1400 or £L5OO bad -been spent, and uaat tihere would be per haps £10,000 more spent {his year, and so on until die whole sm was expended. Therefore, the only possible way in which the lxabamy could be stated was that which was adopted, and it -was fais speech which fircat called attention to the amount. Mr. Solo mon had cleaned the ground very materially by sating that up to and including the publishing of the figures on July 2 all was well. The colony had come out with a remarkably good year, as the revenue had exceeded that of the previous year by nearly £100,000, and everything -was most satisfactory. If the Government bad so much on July 2 whereupon to congratulate themselves, when on genuine figures the revenue was booming, why did he need, as Mr. Peake suggested just now, any further credit; why did he need to do anything else to secure kudos to himself? It was already secured. Then Mr. Solomon sug gested that the money which was taken was trust money. (Mr. RounseveU— "Hear, hear.") His colleague said "hear, hear." Those two hon. members, who were working together in this as in other matters, appeared to be laboring under the delusion that this £15,000 was money which was only in the hands of the Govern ment in trust for some third party. If it had been so, if this £13,000 belonged to eomeone eke, and was simply temporarily in the hands of the Government . (Mr. Playford—'""But it was for a definite pur pose.") He was coming to that. Just then he was merely putting the opinions of the two hon. members who had been collaborating in this "business. (Mr. Roun sevell—"Now, stick to Mr. Solomon's state ment. Tliat is definite enough.") At some cost, and with some difficulty, he had refrained from interjecting— except on rare occasions—while Mr. Solomon was Epeak in;r. and he asked both the hon. member and his chief lieutenant to refrain from upsetting the current of nis thought. He did not want to be blamable if he was not able to make as good a speech as Mr. Solomon owing to interruptions by his col league. The two members he referred to seemed to think that this money was only in the bands of the Government for some other person (Mr. Solomon —"For some specific purpose, I said.") If it had only been in the hands of the Government in trust for a third party his action in taking it into revenue would have been unpardon able, and Mr. Darling's interjection would have been justifiable—it was unjustifiable in any other consideration. " The inclu sion of these moneys in the Government accounts would have been inexcusable. It would have been more than a blunder. The fact Aras that this monev was given to the Government. (Mr. Scherk—"Xo." Mr. ?Solomon—"'To the i>eople of South Aus tralia." The Chief Secretary—'"Who are the people of South Australia tout the Go vernment?") Mr. Solomon's was the only interjection he had caught properly, and he would take no notice of the others. Mr j Solomon he would answer by saying that I in his view the Government simply repre- I sented the people, and that there is no line of distinction to be drawn between the Go vernment in its public capacity and the people. Therefore, ne said the Money was given to die Government. The two cheques were both made out in the name of the Treasurer of Soutih Australia. The first was handed to him tiirough the president of the School of Mi?es, (Mr., now Sir Lanedon Bonython). (Mr. Rounsevell—"He received it.") He asked that it should be sent through Sir Langdon, and it was. The second ciieque was lianded to him per sonally by Mr. George Brookman. Both cheques were made out for tie Treasurer of the province, and they were for money ?whicii was given to the colony of Soucti Australia. At. no time after tfiis was the money the property of anybodv but the Government of South Australia. "While the cheques were cheques flicy were Govern ment property. When they were turned into cii^h they were Government property; when they were put into a building it was Government ?property, and therefore from rhe moment rue cheques were handed over the (jovcrnmeut and the people of South Australia were richer by a. sum of £15,000. The money was a gift to the Government of South Australia, and if the Government wan liable for income tax the Government would, last year, 'have had to include £10,000 in their return, and £5,000 this year. <m account of the gifts from Mr. Brookman. (Mr. Darling—"You do not jiay on a gift.") Oh, indeed, that was news. (Mr. Von Doussa —""If anyone leaves you £1,000 you do not ]?ay on it.") He ad mirted ttiat income tax was not payable on a legacy, but lie could not understand the oUii-r interjections. The Government and the people of f>oulii Australia were richer by £10.000 after toe first £10,000 v-ius paid, and by a total of £15,000 when die otJier £n,OOU was handed over. It warf undoubtedly income. (Sir John Downer—"No;" Mr. Playford—"You do not pay interest on income. The fact you paid interest on t'his dhows it is not in i-oiiio.") lie would come to the question ui hncreA directly, in fhe meantime he would repeat that the money was un <loul)U>diy the property of South Australia. (Interruption.) lie had tlie utmost diffi iiilty in speaking while so much inler jii-ting was fioing on. Tlie SPEAKER—I ask bon. members to allow the Treasurer to proceed. The TREASURER said the distinction! was wholly on the point that if the money had been given Jrom a third party die Go vernment could not have claimed it, and it dhould not have been put into its ac count, but- as it was the only wav to deal with it was the one adopted. That had been done in all sorts of cases in other years, as he was going to show by quot ing tie exact cases. It had been done often with the direct authority of Parlia ment, and perhaps without it, and undoub tedly it would be done again in tJic fu ture. The money -was given with the direct understanding that it was to be expended | toward tie building of a. School of Mines, which, when built, would be the property of the Government still. Mr. Brookman, in giving the money, made it a condition that a School of Mines should be built. That was now being erected on a site, which ?-as Government property, and tie completed building would be owned by Uie I>eople of South Australia, and there was no other way to deal with the money than to shou- it in the public accounts in some form. The question only was as to the form Which should have been adopted, for even Mr. Solomon admitted that it should be brought in, and said that as £10,000 is to toe spent this year £10,000 should have been brought into account, to 'balance the expenditure, and the balance as required. I Lndoubtedly, it should be brought in. Pubb'c officers were preparing plans, and there were now about 200 workmen em ployed at the building of the new- School of Mines, for whose wages^ the Govern ment were responsible. Everything, in. fact, wus ready for the letting of a con tract for the spending of £31,000 on this building. If the public offices and the public money were to be used in this way undoubtedly tie accounts should show all the money that the Government had avail able, and indicate wiere the money was to come from. (Sir Jotn Downer—''That is very clever.") He did not think there was any cleverness in it. It. was simply a fact—an absolute statement of fact. The credit of the colony ought not to be uti lised for the expenditure of any money un less that money was accounted for in the usual way. Suppose it had been intended that the balance of the money required for the building should be paid out of loan. The plans with all tne working drawings -were nearly ready for calling tenders, and provided for a building, which, T^rf-Indwig the base ment, which was now being proceeded witm, would cost about £31,000. If the balance of £16,000, wMea would be required over and above Mr. Brookmaa's gift, were being found out of tine Idas, eo dbat She budding w%en unasked -would belong to the loan fund, 'tfien moat undbubtedly ?hait £15,000 dwuld "have been dhown in. t&e; loan ac couni as a supplement to tfee Government couteibutsOQ, and the wtnole expenditure dhown on the other side. He tfcougtat thai voas rignfc. (Sir John Downer—-"I don t.') hon. member. ££nher tihe money had got to be dhown or it bad not. If it wtas not, and Uhe Commissioner of PuMic Works accepted contacts, ordered works, and paid inen, he would soon be asked where he got Vne money. Then, if be answered tlhat be bad a suspense account from a gift whidh was made to *he Govenuneoit, the House would say at once, "Why not have l!he amounts voted year by year 86 you require Dhern?" Therefore the Govexrimemt were bound to put jt into eome akranint, add as it was intended to braid a. S&ool; of Mines, cost ing £16,000 additional to Mr. Brookmon's gift out of -revenue, and as the bmlding When completed would -belong to tibe ordi nary public accounts "dhe £15,000 bad. been passed to credit of the account. ParHa ment -would vote this year some £15,000 on tine Estimates, £10,000 nest year, end some furtiher sum each year until tlhe build ing is completed. Parliament, therefore, would pass eiitiher as au excess co* otihernrce boe amount appearing on tfhe debit side, and rtihe nboie -Going was broufdit properly into ejoeouat, and it could not be dealt with in any oHher way. TK?= view tlhat it should be dhmm was supported by Mr. Salomon himself, ?wiho eaid it ought to be shown, but titiat instead of being Hiown ha one year il ou^htt to be spread over a'number of years. By Mr. Sotamon'e titatemedt, tine fault was in Jg^Trng it an in one year instead of spread ing it over Hhree. If it were ri#nv?? take ft in, lie did ri#ut, ii it were wrong t? take it in Mr. Solomon's position was -wrong. (Mr. Von Doussa^-"Should you not have taken, it in. when the gift was made?") If he had amy doubt it was on that, point. (Mr. Von Doussa—"You ?would have had much less to answer for if you "had.") He could only thove taken in tiie £10,000, as €he £5,000 came in afberwaidE. Last year he did do* have a very big credit balance, and if he -were willing to add £10,000 to ft tibat amountt would have come in very baddy indeed. (Mr. Von Doussa—"lt would mot have been correct all die same.") He did not tefae it in, but be left it tntfn the fallowing year, and lie or Mr. Solomon, or anyone else, would have been justified in raiting it in. (Mr. Solomon—"You are not giving anyone a cbaace to do it nest year.") He would cd* like to trust the hon. mem ber. (Mr. Von. Douaaa—"When you en? done there will not be much left.") That was right. TreaEnTer after Treasurer hai* raked on, tie nest-eggs, end some ef thec were badly addled. They bad been taken in year after year. When he sot to ?tie Treasury 11 yeare ago the floor nad been swept pretty clean. He bad managed to find a few crumbs since, but tiere -would mat be much left for his successor. Then -rfhere was the question of interest. That was of 43ie di^bleat possible mamenlt, ond he ?woidd prove it. The facts were these. When Sir Langdou Bonython brought him that cheque Sir Langdtm pointed out t?iat it not be wanted for some time until the Go vernment got plans ready and the contract let, and he rightly urged that, as Mr. Brookman had not waited until the money was actually required, interest should be al lowed on the amount. The granting of in terest on that amount did notadd one farth ing to the obligation of the Government. The building was to cost £31,000. Accord ing to what he told the House the Govern men -were going to spend £20,000 at once, £20,000 later on. Now thev were not go ing to do that. (The Hon. W. B. Bounse veil —"The accumulated interest made the gift larger.") That was a matter of book keeping. (The Hon. T. Playford—"lt means a less sum spent out of loan.") It was not coming out of loan. Whether fche Govern. ment allowed 3 or 30 per cent, for that money would not involve one penny's debt-to the Government. The Government were to spend £31,000. Mr. Brookman gave £15,000. (Sir John Downer—"Who authorised you to borrow from Mr. Brook man?") That was quite a new point, and he bad a read}' answer. Was he to blame for accepting that money? Who blamed him inside the House or out of it? (Sir John Downer—"Can you take any money that I like to lend you?") If. Sir John Downer offered another £15,000 to the School of Mines, or towards any other in stitution, the Government would take it with the greatest pleasure. (Sir John Downer—"l ask the Treasurer whether he thinks it is right without the authority of Parliament to borrow money from any per son he likes at a certain rate ol interest?") He did not say that it was borrowed. The point was this. He was perfectly willing to give Mr. Brookman credit, not only for his gift, but for all interest it might earn, and every penny of it not spent was earning interest to-day. There would be that interest to Mr. Brookman's credit. Whether it earned 3 or 30 per cent, it did not cost the Govern ment a penny. It simply added to the credit of Mr. Brookman. It would have been absurd to allow 30 per cent., so he al lowed the current rate. It meant that Mr. Brookman would have the credit of the £15,000, and the interest it would earn, and the Government would have the rest. if Mr. Brookman were not allowed interest he would have the credit of the £15,000, and the Government would have the rest. (Mr. Grainger—"Supposing Parliament re fused to authorise the work, would Mr. Urookman get the interest.") If it were conceivable that Parliament should refuse to authorise the work Mr. Brookman would receive the amount back without interest. He had promised to give examples of other actions of this sort. He would begin by pnintim? nut that in 1886-7 there was a sum of £75,231 6/ to the credit of the Real Property Act Assurance Fund. (Mr. Glynn —'"Taken over by a special clause in the Act.") Parliament had authorised it, and directed that it should be done. That money, if they got to bedrock, was really the property of all persons who held titles under the Real Property Act, and out of which they were* to be paid any loss through a defective title. It was an as surance fund. Mr. Glynn—"lt is done every year now.") Exactly; Mr. Glynn was Ktremrtbening his position every moment The Treasurer, Mr. (afterwards Sir) J. C. Bray, said lie intended to take that monev into revenue. Mr. Rounsevell and others objected, but the money -was *^lr*?TT into revenue. (Hon. T. Playford—'lt was not taken in by the Treasurer, but by the House.") As he had said to Mr. Glynn, it was done with the concurrence of the House, and it appeared in the balance sheet of that year as income, just as if it had been land tax or income tax. Every year einee then there had been sumt taken over. In 1887-8 £130 was takes in. In 1893-4 a -nice little windfall of £10,157 was (taken in. Was thia revenue m the ordinary sense? No, no more than Mr. Brookman'? gift -was. This money ac cumulated tin the banks and idhe insurance companies, and -there -were no claimants for ii. (Hon. T. Pla.rfloni--"F<jr whiei an Act of Parhamenjt was yesaed.") If it were right for Parliament then, it was not -wrong for Parliament now, uaJ ii it was not wrong lor Parliament, ssnx-ly Mr: Playfbrd would hoc say it was vrrcng &tr; a- poor Treasurer. He wo*= following liie exasnplo of bouli Houses of Parliament. There wera HUme claimants w3io had turned up, and! tlhe money 'kid been paid to them. The next year an, rmuiunt of £597 unpaid money came in, and is the following years £234, £173, £358, and £40(1, and so on each year. It was unclaimed money, and by Act of Parliament it was-paid into re venue. That money was undoubtedly property of tflie people wsio had not claimed it, and. it was possible filial nest day mme persons might establish a claim to a large portion of it, and ibe amount would go u> the debit of lite account*, la years past tie Govennneni had also ne? ceived amounts as nomiinatson fees in con* noctaon wiri assisted immigration, trbicSt padded itfto revenue. In ISS2-3 llhe amount dhus received was £9,374 5/, in' 18534 £8.377. and an 1884-5 £4,C34 5/. (Mr. Danny —"Why was tie Waterhouse Govemmem. turned out in lS63"r'") That txansactioa was DonaiiJy unpardonable, and qirita? tinlika che. present one. Xiiis year tre were ritfoer by the amount, we showed on tSie liolance-eJlieet. But when 'tie money Mr. Denny referred to was voted out, and. then eaken in- again. -dhe colony was no ricien fi>r it iras i&oinng; t&e; aune money totfc? over. Ilhe cwuniKraons to lie Adelaida Hospital—and this was not by AHt of Par liament—were paid inito revenue, and ttihess donations were an exact parallel witia <tha Draokmon case. (Jlr. Denny—Thiose do nations were expended viriiih. lihe year.") That, brought him back <?> the point be had already argued. The fault was not the tak? ing jn, of the money, but tf.attHnf* it in- in one year and not in another. Was Ilhe Go vernment ?Do be turned oui. of office becausa it took -the money in one year, and ndt in aaot&er;, or because they did. not spread it over tSrree years? Was thai to be described as flikdfying tie balance-Siheet, <or to be Sadd- to juHuify a. man being em* to "the Stockade, or were iSie whoie of "She account*, being viewed with suspicion? The tnrat posaaons were mutually destraxstive. Either ]is ought to (have 'taken it in or be ought not. (Mr. Denny—"You took it in to get a surplus.") The trouble was that be had a surplus. (Mr. Denny—"Not at all.") The amounts received as contributions to 4&e; Adelaide Hospital for the four years he had taken were: — ISS4-5, £1,55S 1/4; 1885*, £I£3S 9/3; 18S6-7, £IJ9'; and 1887-8,. £1,381 5/. (Mr. P?ate—"Don't you allow for itaose receipts in Che Bteimates?") Yes; but he couid adb predict donations like dhat of Mr. Brookmaa'e. He was prophet enough' to forecast the donations tx> 4ihe hospital, for Ore could average the donations for tie last four or five yeans. He -was not competent to say uhat next year Borne puHieipirated citizen like Mr. Bi\pokm?ii *?jgfot. not emufelte tSiat gen'tie* man's good Tnen, wgawij he nrjgut instance -tflie unclaimed money of the tsu? preme Court and the Public Trustee funds. (Mr. Wood—"Did you ask for die Arthur will case money?") He was not referring to the Arthur iriD case money. (Mr. Wood —"But I was.") In the year IS9I-2 the Government took m Supreme Court funds £9,043, and public trustee funds £6,599. In 1592-3 Shey took in Supreme Court funds £1,846, and puWic teuatee funds £5,830. (Sir Jdhn Downer—"AH under the Aw o£ PaiiiameniL") The hospital contribuaona were not brought into revenue. So far as Acts of Parliament, aatihorised iheee earns to be taken over, he amply raid, "l?&riia; ment 'has set me the example, and ft is not wrong for me to do it." (Mr. PHayforfl— "Yes, but Pariiamenlt can make Darors.") Ji it <w?is wrong for him to tabe nKmeys ?w%n%Ai were in ceraain aooaunta, it wae wrong for Porijameift to do it. Lt iras an ?*tihi?-?0 qnes tion. (Sir Jonn. Downer— 'lb is not etii cal.") Thai n&ax; on earth, meant afl this fuss about men goang to the Stockade? (Sir John Downer—"They are not ethi cal.") He thought that people generafly veeax. to the- Stockade (Sir John Downerl —"For etihioai purposes.'") ? Apain; he mi^ht point 'to the Edi&bnrgih; jetty. In 1898-9 'tlhe sum of £4919/5 was dhown in the receipts from tihat source, nWh^iffr next year the Government expended a con sidenaMe portion of llhot money. That money was earmarked eo far as me int?n t&on.; of tihose who raid, it over to tie Go* vermnent were concerned, and it had been expended for tihai purpose. If tie charge against the Government was that tiiey'taad accepted this £15,000 from Mr. Brookman on tie disamct imderstsmaaig tint it was to be puSt into a new School of llines, and if afterwards they had —for the eake -of using drat money—delayed its expenditure, they would have been guilty of a grave breach of faiiiu But he declared without fear of contradiction that since that money was given not a single week's un* necessary delay had taken place. The mat* ter had been pressed on and on. With re tard to Mr. Solomon's remark about the Tabor which might hare been employed if the plans had been ready in August last, he told the hon. member that what was ready last August was amply an outline o£ what it was intended to do up to £40,000, so that the expenditure of part of the £31,000 he had already referred to might be gone on .with. (air. Solomon—"It has taken 12 months to-prepare plans?") Yes: (Mr. Solomon—"What a smart depart ment.") As eoon as that general outline was approved working plans had to be pre> pared. These plans were now nearly ready, fhey had involved a number of large sheets of drawing, and the work had to be threshed out between the School of Mines and the Public Buildings Department, and he did not think anyone would say that the Government had allowed a single -week's unnecessary delay to occur. They had done their best to carry out the wishes of the donor, and the board of the School o£ Mines had done the same. This showed clearly that the Government had not been guilty of any breach of faith or trust. They had been true to the trust reposed in them, and were true to it to-day. He wanted to say that the Government accounts were not kept in the same way as private accounts. For that, however, he was not responsible. If he were to undertake the task of pre paring a set of accounts for the Govern ment he did not think he should prepare such a set of accounts as .they kept now. He wanted to show two or three anomalies, and Mr. Playford would recognise the forca of -what he said, because that hon. mem ber had had the necessary experience o( our public accounts. In the first place, he wanted to deal with the reference that had been made to inflated estimates. He would 6ay that in the sense in which Mr. Solomon used the term, though not in the sense in. which that hon. member intended to use it, the Estimates were inflated every year. On the first page of the Estimates appeared, under the head-< ing of "Legislative Uouncil," a sum for con tingencies, including cost of printing, sta tionery, &c.;, and in every other department the same thing appeared. When hon. mem bers came to the Government Printing Of* fice they found the whole cost of printing, stationery, and other materials stated id one lump, so that really our public accounta showed twice over all the expenditure in that department. (Mr. Poynton—"Yon have the same thing in the Post Depart' ment:" and the Chief Secretary— All through.") Under the heading of 'Tfigis lative Council" there was a sum of £90 on the Estimates for printing, stationery, &c; That £90 was voted under the heading re ferred to, and was paid by the Legislative Council Department. (Mr. Playford—"But it is only a book-keeping entry. It is in tended to show what each department really expends.") Yes, but the effect ol the system to make our revenue appear much larger than it really was. (Mr. Poyn ton—"K would not make a surplus. ) It would not affect the balance of course, but he was showing that the whole of the ac counts were kept on a cumbrous method, which showed things over and over again, and which did not indicate exactly our net revenue and net expenditure. Take for ex ample the Military Department. That, de partment was charged so much for the car riage of volunteers on the railways. The Railway Department showed that amount. (Mr Darling—"One entry balances the other") If our estimates of expenditure were gone through to-morrow, and the se cond appearance of every item was elimi nated so that nothing appeared more than once, they would probably decrease their expenditure estimates by at least naif a million of money. But an hon. member might get up and say, with some justification, that our re venue accounts were inflated. So they were, but that was so for the sake of giv-. ing the fullest possible public information, eo that hon. members could eee not only the total cost, but what each department cost. Take the Postal Department. One reason why that department paid go muck better than similar departments in the other colonies -was that in the other colo nies they franked Government corre?pon< dence through free of charge- Here every letter had to pay. That was the method of book-keeping they had followed here for many yeare. There were some things about it that he did not like. (Mr. P?ay ford—"lt is very necessary, it is not an anomaly at all. It is information which the House ought to have") It had the effect o£ making the total revenue and expenditure seem larger than it was, and it also had the effect of making our accounts differ from a merchant's office. Probably in a merchant's office this £15,000 would not be taken as income, but in our Government accounts, where the method that he had spoken of was followed, and where the Audit Com missioner would sot allow any amount to be taken into revenue unless il appeared ?m both sides of the ledger, it was very dif ferent. ._. They had departments such a* the Ways and Works Department at Pott Adelaide. In connection with that depart ment it would have been very inconvenient indeed if the net year's transactions were brought into account.. Instead of that the Audit Commissioner would not allow any such thing. If the Engineer-in-Chiefs de partment or the Railways Commissioner's .Oepartment paid for any goods, which passed through the hands of tlie Ways and Works Department or the Supply Department, those goods had to be shown on both sides of the ledger. - They had to be shown in as revenue, and shown out as expenditure. Under the system fol lowedrby the Government this £15,000 had to. be put into revenue, and <could not be tl'opai? a vote at censure on tlie Govem anen't. for doing that which their method of bookkeeping for the past 40 or 50 years bud necessitated, and to condemn them for Bheir action -nfaen Parliament, hod deliberately epprored of "neat-eggs" being taken into revenue, which -were not revenue in the or dinary sense of the word, for niembens to come down and in a tit of sham virtue—no more—araempt to blame the Government for ?loat Parliament had done, was inconsis tency indeed. (Mr. Cast—"We don't blame the Government for what Parliament has d<rae.") He -did not want to claim iSxe full force of all he said. He did ndt. mean that the Government had all -the full powers of Parliament. What be meant and stood by was thai if the two Houses of Raxliamettt, by -repealed- statute^ -hod aid "tihni. theaesmns ffiouid be taken into account, ithai fihere was no ?wrong whatever tn tbe Government doing that which Parlia tnenit. nod repeatedly said should be done. {Mr. Grainger—"lt is Eke marriuge which makes then rigtot which, is otherwise wrong.") Mr. Solomon had tried to make it appear that the £15,000 had. been hidden away improperly. In Ohe first place,, the ban. member had no right to make that charge, whicQi could be nothing more than t, eurrarae. It was tfanpjy a statement which -tie hon. member could not prove. <Mr. Sotomonr—"Let me get there and ccc.") The tern. member could not possibly prove that he (the speaker) would have done a certain tilling in certain circumstances when those circumstances had never arisen. (Mr. Solomon —"I can prove ft by circumstantial evidence. You didn't do *ie right thing before, and many a man has lost has life on circumstantial evidence.") He tad too xmadh resmect for tine keenness of her Ma jesty's Opposition, to day nothing of fhe Sue iovesfrigation by other members into the accounts, to believe that the sum of '£15,000 could be buried in any line on tile Estimates. . If' he wanted to do such a thing he would know 'that -he would be sale to be found out. Comdng to die towest possible ground, then —and really in view of some of Mr. Solomon's remarks he must begin, ?? bedrock—lie said that no Trea eurer would have attempted to. bide away .£15,000, because ft -mas too large a sum to lode, and lie would be bound to be found out. If <he thad intended to bide tin? ! £15,000, would he Slave allowed the state ments to appear on July 2 that he did al low 'to appear? Mr. Solomon had charged ban with having delayed the construction cf die building so that be might use this l£15,000." ' (Mr. Solomon.—"Yon are talking as to when you not that money in. When did you put it in?'") The money could not have been bidden' if "he had tried to bide it, and in :fche nest place there was no evidence that he bad tried to bide it, be cause if ttere ever was a time when it was possible to put that mtmey in. and cover it up, that time was when, tbe general Esti mates were being made up and not after they bad been published in each a way as too .^tixactjxddic attention and invite cri ticism. Mr. Solomon asced when tie amount was pot' in. Ec bad said when delivering bis Budget "Aat it was about March-last. His" actual words were: — "I^ter on another £5,000 was given, and during -the past financial-year, about March Jost, me work of building was begun." That was a pretty close, guess as to *he dase. iWhat were the facts? '- Thejr were that on April 2 the Government started navvies to get ready tbe ground for the foundation of the new building. "About March" he bad EaSil in. bis Budget, and he could not have got modi nearer than two days. (Mr. Solomon — "Then I suggested afterwards .why in- did nt>t ojrne into tihe Jnne re cejpte.") He -was answering one point at a time. He bad knocked the hon. mem ber dean oat on tiiat point, and be would knock him out once more. - He asked if the ion. member did not say that be ought .to have drown in tlie~ statement made to tbe House last Thursday this amount in 'fche March quarter? He bad re plied that be ought, not to have "shown this amount in that . quarter. On his-statement "about "March" last"—it turned ont to be April 2—the expenditure began. How could they get it into tbe March quarter? (Mr. Solomon—"What about June?") On April 2 they started ex cavations for the foundations; on May 14 the stonecutters began work, and on June 8 they began to erect the building. Now, be did not see a single schedule from the ' department concerning the work until after July L. _ The schedules did not come on to the various departments until some weeks after they are made ont, so that there was no unusual delay. He got the schedules in due course after June 30. He had to pro vide for the expenditure before June 30, and he took in the £15,000 because the ecbedules showed him that the expenditure had begun, and the work was being car . tied on. He closed the deposit account from the time the expenditure began—that might be^April 1 or April 2. As tbe inte rest was EtUl going on, it did not matter whether it was closed on April lor 2. Tbe amount did hot appear on July 2 in the public statement; because he was not even aware that the expenditure bad been going on. (Mr. Solomon—''Were you not aware that it began in April, and went on in Slav or June? ) That remark showed the hon. member's inexperience. (Mr. Playford— "Were you not at the laying of the foun dation- stone?") Yes, he was there in Jan uary or February, and he was also around a month or two later, when he saw that things were just about in the same condi tion as -when the stone was laid. If Mr. Solomon had been in the Treasury a little more ttian a week he would have learned that tbe Treasurer has enough to do to mind his own business without going into that of the Commissioner of Public Works. Sometimes contracts had been let for pub lic work?" costing several thousands of pounds, and the work had proceeded to the extent of come thousands before be bad really known anything about it. He did not know the rate of expenditure gcing on in this case, nor did he nave bis attention called to it until the accounts came in in August. (Mr. Grainger—'"Why did they not come in lor February?") The laying of tbe foundation-stone was all there was then, and many weekspassed before any thing dse was done. There was no fur ther expendicm-e until April 2, when the navvies began to get ready the ground for the foundations. They could not begin the -?work sooner, because the plans had to be prepared after consultation with the coun cil" of tie School of Mines. It uras w>t until the end of July or in August that he became aware by the schedules that the work was going on. (Mr. Rounsevell— "You said August.") He was answering a speech which Mr. Solomon was not j>re^ pared to deliver yesterday, and now, on the spur of the moment, be was replying to it. If he said August instead of July, or if he said "about March hist," instead of April 2, be boped he would not be ac cusedof having misled the House, or asked to bring down a certificace from the Com missioner of Audit that tbe information he gave the House was correct. Tbe infor mation he gave tbe House was aTways the best at his disposal, and if he was to bring down a certificate for the truth of bis ?words be would rather give up his seat on tbe Treasury benches. Therefore, his colleague for the Burra neea not try to ij-iM.- him up. _lt was about the end of igi&y-; x?r—-i? "August ' that' lie ~ beCaffle aware of flhe condition of the expenditure on. this wort. Ait tfie sune time he would gay Uns—He 'was aware when the schedules readhed him of tbe way tbe balances were coming out. He ttouM not burke that for a moment, bo* if (he had bad a. credit balance of £50,000 he would stfll have done right in .*al--4Tig the donation in. As tbe expen diture 4ad begun, tie -was right to take it in, and tihe orfy question, was whether be ebouW not have taken, it in before. (Mr. gotomou—"You vofHa, to have taken it in Bs ft ?was expended.") A6 isoon as he knew tihe state of the accounts be took it in. It was bound to come in in order to give Par fauuerat fiie rigfet to vote it. He took it in under Hbe oircumafcamces,' and he did ripjht. (Sir John Downer—"Say you did wrong; iihat ie the easiest way ont of it.-") Taking the paonl of view; of tire hon. member, of Mr Salomon, and of Mr. Bonnsevel], he had made a btarider. TSra.t was the view of fas ?Uhhj??& opponents, tlhat he had made a (blunder, fc?owing the example set him by PanUasnenS; a^axn amd again—doing a liinK for whidh Pariiament had given outiharity again, and. again. (Mr. Oa£t— "That is nut fair to compare "wbal Hie Go \- \\-erranent -dux? witfli wha£ Pariiament has done.") He did mtt expect to receive any undue consideration from die hon. member. .("Mr. Ca*t —'"You have fed.great oonrfd'era- Kion from me ftw a number of years.") He did not want to make any personal attacks, but fee -would Kke the hon. member tn reckon, up the number <rf times he had voted for the Government on no-confidence motions. (Mr. Oatt—"Twice last year. Thai is tihe only chance I have Bad since <ie Treasurer turned me wit.") If he fvad made euch a blunder as was alleged, was that suffi cient reason to-make such broad and gene ral charges against his financial adminis tration as the hon. member had_madeY Was that sufficient ground for turning the Government out of office? If he had sought to mislead the House or the coun try; if he had failed to point out that he took the £15,000 into revenue, and that it had not all been spent, then the House would have been jus-tilied in saying the Government ought to go. It was only fair to his colleagues to say tuat he only was concerned in the matter. It was purely one for the Treasurer's department, and not one of his colleagues knew he was doing it. He did not tell them the details of his departmental work, any more than they tola him the details of theirs, and therefore they were absolutely free from any reflection in the matter. Before he told the House they did not know of it. It was a matter in the Treasurer's depart ment., and he accepted the absolute respon sibility for it upon iiis owu shoulders, and he was prepared to receive whatever blame the House chose to give, declaring at the same time that he did not believe any blame was due for the transaction, but that it was necessary to give the House due control of the finances. Mr. Solomon had said that he mentioned the surplus with a flourish of trunipeta. He had reason for that in the improved revenue returns. There were two other poiniti he would mention. In the first place if the Govern ment were to leave out extraordinary re venue they should leave out extraordinary expenditure. If he ought not to put in the £15,000 he ought not to put in die cost of the two South African Con tingents, because they represented £25,000, or £26,000, of most unusual expenditure, which would probably not he repeated in a lifetime. The donation of Mr. Brook man was undoubtedly Government pro perty, and the Government was the richer by it the moment the cheques* were handed in. (Sir John Downer—"lt was trust money.") Yes, but it was and remained Government property. The fact was thai his crime was trying to end the year with a surplus. Mr. Solomon had asked where the £3,500 is? The £3,500 was in the Treasury in the public accounts. The Go vernment: was bound in honor to Mr. Krookman to spend it, as the other money had been spent, in carrying ont the work for which the donation was made. As to the remark about the, June accounts of the Contingents being unpaid, as far as he (the Treasurer) knew, and as far as the Minister of War knew, there were no sums due to members of the Contingents remain ing unpaid on June 30. (Air. Solomon—"I know absolutely that June payments were, in some instances, extended to July/) He did not think so, and 'he knew nothing of such a tiling. {The Chief Secretary—"Hear, hear.") He did not see !iow rt could be! Of course, if the four weeks did not hap pen "to end by June 30, the amount would not be paid, but as far as the Government knew every sum due up to June 30 had been paid. The year's accounts included not only tjbe extraordinary sum due for the Contingents, out there was an old account extending back to 1890 or 1891, between the Victorian and South Australian Go vernments, connected with the railway at Serviceton. On that account some £4,000 odd were paid. If he had desired to make out a surplus regardless of how it was ac complished, he could have done so in seve ral ways. ? He could have held over the pay ment of the £4,000 in dispute with Victo ria, or he could have held over the de partmental accounts for the freezing works. He had not taken in anything that was not fair, and yet he was blamed for doing what his worst enemies said was only a blunder, and which he maintained was not even. that. He had been longer in speak ing than he intended, but he " had only taken a quarter of an hour more than the mover, and he was sure the interjections with which he was assailed, and from which "the leader of the Opposition had been almost free, would amply justify the additional time taken. The hon. mover had shown that there was no motive, and if there was not, was. it to be. supposed that he (the Treasurer) would make a. stupid blunder without a motive at all? Either it was done with a view to deceive some one, or else the hon. member could not base a charge on what he had said. Was it to be said—even from the point of view that it was a blunder-^that one blunder was to negative the effect of the nast years of service which he had rendered to the colony t It ?would be monstrous if on what Mr. Solomon had based his action he would have to suffer the extreme penalty of the law on this occasion. He would say no more. The Government opposed the ad journment of the debate on Tuesday be cause they wanted to get on with the" busi ness of-tlie country. He asked members not to let die debate drag on indefinitely. He toped a division wouM be taken Wiat night, so that die business on tie notice paper could be proceeded with next day. Aat any rate, lie hoped the debate would be concluded by Thursday night, but if not he would ask the House to sit on Friday at 2 o'clock, so that this matter could be got out of the way and a fresh start made on Tuesday. The Hon. W. B. ROUNSEVELL said politicians were twitted with want of prin ciple, and is was said expediency was their law; compromise their life. This charge, to some extent, was true. They were called into being by the electors, on those lines, and they found the Hiirit of compromise dominant in the dally battle of Parliament. Every week they had illustrations of this, and if members would not admit compromises they would lose an. For instance, the Labor Party, on the question of -tie legislative Council franchise, had prevented reform, because they would have all, and not a. part, and bo they got nothing. Nature herself pro duced "all her best results by slow pro cesses, and all reforms which had been of lasting benefit to mankind had been gradual. In Parliament they should culti vate fte spirit of compromise, and grow better and wiser by degrees. .Members ot the Legislature recognised the nature ot right and wrong in their highest sense, and tin* Parliament in common wrth eimilar in ttitutioT*, in any Englishjpeaking country womd say when they liad a dnrect issue placed before them — Thfc= is no case of r?riev; m matter of pull devd, pull baker. This is ?. question of right and -wrong, and away to the winds with exped.enty. The whole of the particular case under tas te lav in a notrfiell, and wSiat larfca eect hod to dende was wfcetiier they would do "thst which was nght awThonest or "Jhat which was wrong and d'-Sfconesftr "Should they publieh and endora a false bSance-^eer? Should they lie to the worhi airi ftiy they had kept the expendi ture witi-ln revenue, and that there was a ?irpra?. or *hould tsiey tell tfie truth—the wtede truth? Should the? admit lhat cir cum'staruses had arisen over wnreh neiUber tie Government nor South Australia had airy control, which bad led to a deficit.' Ererv member of tie House was equally raWnsMe -with tie Government for Miss deficit, and no coobt but for certain; ex traordiEery. cireiMn*=tanres> waxen had oc curred, there would nttve been a surplus. If-tSicy ?^rpported the Government an tins matter they would be foolifhly attempting to bo\\#er up the finances by false entries and "Ac cooking of accountts. If the balaroee-e4heet as presented by the Trea surer was* endorsed by the House, and it tract fcrit. to Ulie world, he pitied the Treasurer and the members who supported lam. particularly when tSiey a* the oarti ca*!on- iSiey would receive from the English financial ">res^, and the reception wMch wouW. be given to our nest loan- in Tendon. Ky no process of tnimble rigtins; or coofcing of accounts couH tihe £15.000 donated by Mr. George Brook man to 4>he School of Mines be turned into revenue.' Mr. Brookmait handed-liie money to Sir LanariVMi Boayibcm. (The Chief Secretarv —"And 'payment to <tiie Treasury' was marked on the cheque.") The very fact that Mr. BrookmiHi save l£be cheque to the president of The School of Mines e&owed; that he intended the gift to be earmarked and kert separately, and not to be trea<ted as ordinary Government revenue. The amount wa* depof-hed with the Govern ment.just in the same way as the Treasurer bad received nrany larrer and smaller amounts for looser anti shorter terms. Sir Langdon Bonyrhon, who was practacaSy Mr. Brookmon's asimi over Ais matter, had arransed pieciaKy -nidb. iihe Treasurer for tflie ?aft to bear interest at 3 per cent., and ' £360, rerresentin? t!he accrued inte rest since tfhe donation had been deposited, brought up "the total amount to £15.360. After this th<? Premier ecoHy absorbed rrrin-Qtpai ai*d interest and pnt them nndei the comprehensive title of revenue. If tsie Treasurer were allowed treat rhis money in Ifl>e wa*- he toi done, flic was aJs?o en tided ro devote mtiher trust funds to t3ie <=ame purpose. That lie had not (tared ro up to the instance under diwrcucoion. Tf such conduct "were permitted, any Trea ?Tirer could aliravs briiwr out a balance on. the riffiit side. Th<> £ 15.000 was stfll lying as it was origi- F-iltv deposited, and finally in August, when ilhe" works had heeti sMJnp on for sis or seven monliT>f>, tthe Treasurer took it into revenue. W'tot was fhe dpdnetion tfMat any fttinoraWe or intcHijfcnt mil"! wroiM draw? On Jnlv 2 -he estimated t3ie revenue at £2.763.164, xmd fhw W.is pleasing, a? show ins -the bujpysiwy of tne revenue. Imme 'liaitcly tihe" sca^na? began to fnrn-rove and wool went up die revenue oxnandert. The srowinjr trade wfth 'Broken HJH and South Africa also fotSped1 in this respect. On Angusl 10, 'however, it -was announced ti.it tbe revenue -me £2,780,855, and tin expen- diture £2,779,317. Reading between the lines one could conic to no other conciu- j sion than i&at; the Treasurer, finding that he ai'iLs faced wilii a deficit, and looking J round for meang to make it, up seized i'iie flirt, tilling that presented itself to sifc= mind. That even t?ie merest tyro in tooukkeejnns .-,'hould bitve attempti/d aut/j] au iui|no priexy beat him, because it was u*t onJy fouli.-h, but at rfiowed an utter want, ot iiunc&y; and integrity. Well luigSit 3lr. Darling exclaim rfiat 11 lie <lal c-ucii a tiling in preparing his balance-*4iert'* he would expect to find himself in the Stockade, li any business man, having made sudh wicked fttatemeut.-; to induce bankers to advance him money, ivent before Mr. Connnisaoncr Russell, lie would soon make the acquaint an'rje 01" the Stockade. The money was given for a. specific purpose ihrouy'h tile president of tlae St'/ioul of Mines on certain condit'mns. Jt was precepted <m t4ia=e terms by the Trea.-*irer, who ]>aid interest on it, and at firrft placed it properly. Later on lie found he wanted about £15,000 to square his accounts, and this being the most easily accessible amount lie seized it, and placed it to revenue. The Treasurer was one of the most adroit and dexterous men in argument who had ever graced the Assembly, and no man was so capable of bluff. He had given the House a most extraordinary presentation of his ability in this direction, but members could not fail to recognise that it was a mere at tempt to divert attention from the charge* made against him. The Treasurer said the money was a gift to the Government, and yet he admitted that he was paying interest on it. How he could reconcile the two positions was beyond his comprehen sion. Had the (joninus?K>iier ot Auuit re fused to permit this transaction? (The Treasurer—"Xo."} Had it been submitted to him? (The Treasnrer —"No.") He was pleased to hear that, and he accepted it. Of course, personally, he was in per fect ignorance on the matter, and only wanted information. The Treasurer bad in justification of his action said that many years ago the late Sir John Bray absorbed into revenue a large amount which had ac cumulated in connection with the insur ance fund of the Real Property Act. This was about £70,000. Did the Treasurer, however, think the House could not see the difference between what was done by an absolute determination of the House" and the taking of funds which had been given for a specific purpose? So with regard to the unclaimed moneys in the Banks and Uie Supreme Court. * They did not belong to the banks or the courts, and Par liament rightly said they should be taken into revenue. If the heirs of the owners could prove their claims to these nionevs they would be all paid back with interest out of revenue. The Treasurer was so clever that when he seemed to be cornered he came up with some argument so plausible that unless it was sifted it was not recog nised as having no more to do with the case than "the flowers that bloom in the spring.'' He had not been Treasnrer so long as Mr. Holder, but he had been con nected with financial transactions from his youth up, and he said it would be difficult to get a better system of check and coun ter-check than was in use in the public accounts in South Australia. He. had inspected the A'ictorian system, and ours was much bet ter, and probably better than that of New South Wales, to judge by the extraordinary statements they saw in the papers some times about their financial methods. The Treasurer had not attempted to deny the averment of Mr. Solomon that lie did not treat the £15,000 as revenue from Feb ruary to August, and that afternoon Mr. Holder had admitted by interjection that he knew when he took the money into re venue that there was a shortage in his ac counts. Taking all these facts into dispas sionate consideration no intelligent man could come to any other conclusion than that it was an_afterthought _to appropriate this.money. He did not consult his col leagues, and if he had done so they would certainly hare told him that it was an im proper thing to do. He did not know what -the Honse intended to do about it. Of course he cared, and he knew they ought to snpport Sir. Solo mon. It was the duty of every member to act as a guardian of the finances of the colony,'and-this Parliament should support the motion for its honor's sake and for the credit of the colony. It should resist any attempt to deal with the finances of the colony by means of a false balance-sheet. Even if it had gone forth to tie world that we were a few thousands of pounds to the bad, it would have been no discredit to South Australia, and he there fore could not understand why for the mere sake of ? showing a profit the Treasurer should have adopted the course he did. He felt the colony would have to pay the penalty for it unless the House spoke -with no uncertain sound, and-said that the im proper misappropriation of trust funds is against the best interests of the country. He would snpport the motion. Mr. COPLEY regretted very much hav ing to speak at this juncture. After the ex cellent speech of Mr. _ Solomon, who had been congratulated on it by the Treasurer, 'there was no need for Jam to follow if an expression could be Cheated from other members of <Jhe Assembly. There appeared to be a conspiracy of silence in reference to the motion, and it made it difficult for Ivim to speak to it. Mr. Solomon had said that there had been no counting of noses, and 'he -could assure members -Chat that was absolutely true. The Opposition thought an action had been taken <tha.t was deroga tory ?0 the interests of ?nlie country, and in maintaining the tegh principle tfnat ought to be observed in connection with public finance fciey tsook the only course open. He had en more Vhan one occasion criticised the unauthorised expenditure by the Govermntat of money in connection with tie village seut'emenis, and had drawn t>he attention of the Commissioner of Audit Co it, but *t was useless. After wards 'he had been taunted with not hav ing moved a direct motion, but that could not be said on this occasion, because a direct motion bad been moved. Members recognised "the abfflity <rf the Treasurer, bu'c l?is reply to Mr. Solomon was one ot the lamest defences, one of iAte most halt ing speeches, and one of the most inett eotive afctempite 4x> wriggle out of a diffi culty thai he had ever made. His attempt to prove that tihjs money was income was absolutely misleading. They had been to*d chat if the money were taken into revenue interest would not accrue, and how could the Trea surer therefore say the money was earning interest now. He agreed that it made no difference in the cost to the State whether interest were paid or not. It was an open secret that the gentleman who lodged the money with the Treasurer, and who "was anxious that as much credit as possible should accrue to Mr. Brookman, stipulated that the amount should bear interest until it was required. To his mind that interest was not being credited, and an injustice was being done Mr. Brookman. The Trea surer had said a lot about absence of mo tive, but they could all see that the motive was to end the year with a credit balance instead of a deficit. It looked better out side, but past experience had taught mem bers not to place implicit reliance on the balance-sheets presented. Although the Treasurer had the good grace to explain that he included the amount in revenue so that Parliament might have some control over its expenditure, even the paper that usually backed his Ministry up had not been able to approve of what he had done. That paper had made a sort of appeal, and eaid —"Even though he is wrong and ought not to have done it, yet it is not a hanging matter." The Treasurer would not admit that it was wrong, but even he made a special appeal, and said that even if it was he was the only one re sponsible, 'as his colleagues knew nothing about it, and he added that it was not of sufficient gravity to justify the carrying of the motion. He did not intend to make anything like a speech on the motion, but he was surprised that the representatives of other parties did not express their opinion. If they thought the Treasurer was right they should defend him and his peculiar method of bookkeeping. If they agreed with "The Advertiser" that though the Treasurer was wrong they were not prepared to record their votes against his Ministry, they ought to say so. That was the plain issue. He knew there was a dif ference of opinion as to the wisdom of this motion, and that some asked whether it was worth while- He was of opinion that the right course of action had been taken so that an emphatic protest could be made. It would let people see that some members of Parliament, when they believed a wrong action had been taken, were not afraid to say so. It would let tlie people kuoiv where members stood, and those who kept up this silence would be branded as having no opinions of their own. That was all he had to say. Mr. GILES said that if members of other parties had any opinions of their own they should get up and state them. The Trea surer had not in any way answered Mr. Solomon's main accusation, but he had convicted himself out of his own mouth, I and having done that he should be turned out of office. The Treasurer could not deny that he had taken money which did not "belong to the people. (The Treasurer —"To whom did it belong?") It was trust money for a specific purpose. Mr. Brook nian pave the money to be spent on the School of Mines. " (The Treasurer—"To which it is being applied as fast as pos sible.") The Treasurer knew he had no right or title to the money, and he should be turned out of office tor bavins taken it. The money heloneeJ to the School o£ j Mines, und the Treat.urer himself said thr.t if it had lieen \rronpfully lalce:i into | revenue lie should be tunioi out ol oilitv. He O!r. CJiles) kept him to his word. Did the TrauamT think .Mr. lSrookinau leul the nionev to f.o into the general revenue? (The Treasurei—-W e are doinj; what Mr. I'rookniun inlendcd, aud iire spending it as f.-sst a.s v.o tiui.V) If ii i.iiwitc in dividual had done anything o;' this sort be would be put in prison. lf the Treasurer were prevented from carrying oat this work, he wou'd b? called on tc refund ine money, .md "no irould be in the iu>itian of a debtor unable to carry oni, liin agreement. The money should be placed to revenue just ;is it wa* s|?iic and nu sooner. Ir should Isave !kcii placed in a trust fund. member ot the House cuuld ?iy that ihe TTcasinvr st>ouid have takon the money into revenue, ilr. Holder had made a clever speecii, but tie iiad simply clouded tlx? whole matter. Ho was surprised that the Treasurel- siioiiid \\\ave adopred such a mwiKKl of producing a. surplus. As lie liad s;iid over ai:d over again, the Treasurer had frequently tooked his accounts, and we -liad not balanced our revenue aud expenditure lor years and years juist. He liad liad ex perience in drawing up lwJaneP-slieet< He was not going to make that statement without giving a reason for it. On previous occasions he had shown that the Audit Com missioner had distinctly waid that our ac counts had not been correctly balanced for yeans past. The Treasurer, in his Uudg<£. had spoken of the great benclit which the Government had received from the extra amount of money \vliici_the colony had de rived on account of the increa-sed price of wool. It was perfectly true that the colony had gained largely by that increased price. Hut the Treasurer might have also raid that South Australia had borrowed large sums of money which had been spent ir. the colony, and from which the 'j.reasurer had greatly benefited. The Treasurer had received amounts from different sources into revenue, and had never placed any sum aside to provide a sinking fund for the amounts spent. That gentleman had got the benefit of including in revenue the cost of carrying many tons of water pipes over our railways without ever providing for any sum to represent wear and tear. The Treasurer year after year had got so used to taking into revenue money to which he was not entitled that lie had thought noth ing of taking Mr. Urookman's donation into revenue. A short time since he (the speaker) had asked whether a certain sum of money was paid out of revenue or out ot loan. In reply the Treasurer said one thing, and the Commissioner of Public Works another. As a matter ot fact the work done was a temporary \rork, and the Government re ceived a certain revenue from that work, and had then charged the whole of the amount to the loan fund, thus taking into revenue for the year so much money that they were not entitled to. The work he referred to was the laying of pipes from Baroota to Port Pirie, and the cost of that work ought to have come out of revenue. In taking into revenue every penny which they could scrape together without pro viding for anv losses was against all the canons of bookkeeping, and had.-the effect of misleading the people. The reason that the Government did not want to have any deficiency was because they wished to avoid the necessity of dealing with the question of taxation. Several times when speaking on this question the Treasurer had accused him of beinj; unpatriotic, and of desiring to make the- worst of the finances of South Australia. He would be the last man to wish to do that, and it was far more unpatriotic for the Govern ment to bring in a balance-sheet containing a wronjr entry, which would do the colony infinitely more harm, than would the placing of ?Jie true position before -the world. The Treasurer said there was no reason for him to have taken in this money. Was it n<rft rfmply absurd for the Iron, nieirtber to say that. The Treasurer had himself stated that Uie receni Budget was iflie last he expected to deliver, and natu rally Ijhat hon. gentleman was esceeddngly anxious tlhat tie position should look as weH as it possrbl.v could. Tdiat was a suffi cient reason for the Treasurer to do 'ins ut most to make the accounts 'balance. As a matter of iaot, what the Treasurer did was a very clumsy thing to -do. It was a curious tl>ing Khat very often able and clever men performed ?=orae of tie most stupid actions. It was a angular fact tlhat murderers wJio were very clever, somehow or other frequently neglected one of the most important things, and thus got con victed, when witth a licrie thought thev would have escaped punishment. It was a very old and a very true saying that "Those whom the gods wish to destroy. they first make mad," and < cer tainlj- ?jrfien. tSie Treasurer took Shis amount of £15,000 into revenue bo as to balance his accounts, he must have been mad, because he could not help know ing that he was bound to l>e found out eventually, and taken to task for coming out nominally with a credit balance when he really had a. deficit. The Treasurer had very cleverly clouded this motion, and his methods of so doing were characteristic But with aH his ability, the Treasurer could not cloud the matter sufficiently, because it was too palpable that he did not take tfhis money into revenue until he found out that he had a deficit. For ever and for ever the Treasurer would be branded for having brought t'own ercimate* tii.'t \vo>-e wr.m^ly balanced by reason of the fact that he hail taken into revenue lunds to vhicli he was not entitled. He asked members whether they thought ihe revenue of last year was entitled to this £15,000, and whether t"he Treasurer's action liad altered the position in any way? It was simply crooked book keeping and nothing else. The Treasurer had said '-Jhat eventually the building would belong to I'he people of JSoutfi Australia, but that did uot make the dona tion, belong to the people at tSie present tune. The people were practically not any richer by the gifts. The colony owed as much money as ever, and the people Avould simply be richer by a building. The Treasurer had said that some hon. members were exceedingly anx ious that there should he a deficit. He entirely denied that, and thought that, con sidering the buoyancy of the revenue, there ought to have been a surplus. The more the Government had, however, the more they seemed to spend. Year after year the expenditure of the country in creased, and once having increased it, a re duction was almost impossible. Anyone ised to accounts could not fail to see that the Treasurer had simply built up for him self a £ood position, so that he might go into the Federal Parliament. No doubt tiie hon. member would mislead the people of Sonth Australia into the belief that he had done very well, but before the Trea surer was out of the House two years the people would have found him out. (Mr. Grainger—"His troubles.") The Treasurer would be in a snug billet in the Federal Parliament, and the people of the colony would have to pay the piper. Anyone who had studied the finances of the colony dur ing the past seven years could not help realising that increased taxation was in evitable- The SPEAKER—The hon. member is not in order in discussing any other sub ject than that introduced by the mover of the motion. If the bon. member desires to discuss any other subject he has the op portunity of doing so by moving an amend ment to the motion. 