LADIES' GOSSIP. - The Princess of Wales as a modiste would undoubtedly have been' able to earn a com fortable income, had ithe fates decreed thai ler Royal Highness Should earn her own living, line Princess always follows ther own exquisite taste in all' matters appertaining to dress, and the result is admirably suited » ber own individual etvle of beauty. But although -her Royal Highness designs most of her own dresses and hats; it is noticeable Uha't she is always in the fashion. Society women often regard witih. envious feelings ;he Princess of Wales'* taste in .hats and bonnets. Her Royal Highness taboos all showy and gaudy effects, amd always seeks to -have (her liats and bonnets moderate and regular in form, and every elegant detail in quiet 'harmony. It is by adopting such styles that the Princess retains that won derful appearance of youth and beauty, which is 00 often, commented upon, , Ju^ti Queei of Skm : has a ?remarkable wiMnble. which wee given, to her J-y her husband. It is made of gold, inVlfli* form of a lotus bud, and is tJhiekdy studded with diamonds, which are arranged to form her name and -the date of Jher marriage. The ronm of itihe gift was particularly appro priate, TJince the lotus is the Royal flower. Through tihe influence of -the Duchess pf AfbercoTO many thousands of pairs of sock^ which are made toy poor Irishwomen, are ordered annually by Itihe army authorities. Madame Melba, th£ famous Binger 3ia»» juefc written her autobiography, a book whnch will be perused with interest by every admirer of .Australia's queen of song (aaya 'Woman's Life'). The' prima donna says mat, ae a child, sflie was naughty aibsolutely incorrigible, unpeaeonable, and unffnamageabile. Oertainly not a very envi ous character. But in {her maturity the great singer is very different. Once, aftei singing in Stockholm before the King and Queen, she was called to the palace to re ceive their congratulations, and a decora tion from the King. A pin was necessary to fasten !the ribbon, and, a-s none had been provided, Madame Melba offered one to tbt King. 'Oh, I must not take a pin from you, ' his Majesty said, smiling, 'it might mar our friendsihip.' Then, after a mo ment's ['(hesitation, the King took the pin, and, kissing the famous singer, said, 'I wall break 'the evil spell, and we will be friends always.' Madame Sarah Bernhardt is one of the few ladies -who have not an exaggerated love for diamonds. She declares that they des troy the best expression of the face, dim the fire of the eyes, and make the teeth look like chalk. The famous actress is exceedingly fond of luxurious gowns, and has one trimmed with turquoises, the train of which is lined with the skins of two hundred ermines. It is worth nearly £1,500. ... . 'Madame Sada Yacco would have obtain ed celebrity if merely by reason of the fact that she is the only Japanese actress in the world. But apart from this, she is pos sessed of genuine talent, both in comedy and tragedy, as evidenced by her portrayal of Japanese characters on the boards of a New York theatre. She was originally a geisha girl in Tokio, where her grace and still as a dancer first brought her into pro minence. ?Mrs. Alan Gardner, the well-known sportswoman, on one of her big game shoot ing expeditions in iSomaliland, gave a na tive woman a looking-glass. She was so delighted with the first clear sight of her dusky ? countenance that she sat through two entire days and nights outside Mrs. Gardner's tent, gazing with rapture at her own reflection. On . the morning of the third day the fame of the looking-glass had spread through the country, and a row of forty Somali women, collected from far and near, were engaged in taking an admiring turn. at the magic mirror. When Mrs. Gardner came on the scene she was greet ed by forty feminine Somali voices in chorus, and each 'begging for a looking-glass 'all to herself.' ' but, alas for the limita tions oi' a sporting outfit! the dusky belles wero obliged to content themselves with the one communal mirror. And -the wo man with the looking-glass remained for weeks the most important person in JSonia liland. A new kind of mutual fund was started in St. Petersburg last spring — marriage in surance. It is now in successful operation. Single women are the only members, who are recruited from year to year in separate classes. At their entry they pay one rouble, and whenever one of their number marries, every member of that class pays an addi tional rouble. The assessment thus col lected is offered to the bride to buy a tros seau. One restriction prevents new mem bers from taking advantage of the older ones. No dowry assessment is called unless the girl has been a member in good stand ing for one year. Each class is permitted to 'have net more than 100 members; after that admissions are refused until vacancies occur by marriage, when new members are taken in at tflie option of the members. So little does the Chinaman think of his baiby girls that he even withholds from them the dignity of a: name. Instead, he designates them by figures, as No. 1, No. 2, No. 3, and so on according to their birth. When asked how many. children lie has, if possessed of a boy and a girl, he will answer — 'I have but one child,' leaving the girl out of consideration altogether. A wife's part in tihe family income is generally, beat 'taken where Dhe wife looks after tilie economical management of the domestic machinery, writes a lady's jour nal. Many mothers 'try to help tihe family income by dioing EOine outside work, bul where home and children are to be looked after the results are satisfactory in very fow cases. The greatest value of a houEe kee)-er and mother lies in economy in her home, in the wise education of Her children, and in Vhe encouragement of 'her Ihusband. Where a wife is chi'ld'les^and has no house hold cares, 'Uhen leisure is had to (help the income,- and tliis may be done in various ways. ? But,- as a general rule, a wife's source of greatest help to herjhusband lies in tiherconie and not out of it, by stimulat ing him to earn all that he can, and by wisely saving all that ^lie can of his earn ings. *; . The 'frightening of a dhild by a foolish nurse frequently brings on nigli't terrors. He wakes up suddenly, soon after going to sleep, frightened and terrified, screaming violemtfly, arid declaring that he lias seen eiliher some ghost or thief, or some, object tfhat the nurse had been previously in the day describing Who is to come to take him away. The little fellow is the very picture of terror and alarm. He 'hides his face in bis mother's bosom, the perspiration streams down 'hiimf and it is some t^me be fore he can be -pacified; at lengtih !he falls into a 'troubled feverish dumber, to awake in 'Hie morning unrefreshed. Nisiht after night tijese terrors 'harass him, until lye health materially suffers, -his young life becomes miserable, and ''he looks forward with dread to t)he .approach of darkness. If fhe terijors have been brought on by the folly of. the nurse discharge her at once (writes /'Woman's Life'), and be careful to select a more discreet one. When the child retires to rest 'leave a light burning, and let.it burn all might. Sit with him urttirl (he is asleep, and take care, in case be should rouse up in one of liis night terrors} that either yourself or some kind person be near at hand. ? Do not scold him for being frightened— 'he cannot help it; but eooiJhe him, calm him, fondle him, take him in your arms and let (him feel that be 'has. someone 'bo rest unon, to: defend and pro tect him. It -is frequently in these cases necessary, before -he can be cured, to,^ let lim 'have chanaje of air and change of scene. Let him live -the greater part of the day time in Wieb open air. To beautify tlie finger nails, hold them for fifteen minutes in warm water; then while flexible, cut carefully. Polish them in a mixture of oil and powdered pumice stone. 'Push down the tekin at the lower part of the hails, to shew the half-moons of white. ' ' ; ~* Satin should-' always be sponged with'; and not across/ tihe grain. Satin of delicate colors or white satin may be successfully i eaned by the Jaimple application of a weak \ ... ?.-;.-':.;. ;-.-*.;. :-. ;.. -? i Y:'O ?'..':. y/:[ : '-??' , solution -& ' foorax. Dry breadcrumbs, it may be mentioned, are sometimes sufficient to brighten satin that has begun to show the signs of Tveaf. '' /? ??:??'? 