Swift Betrihution. CHAPTER I. Lady Dallas felt that Fate had dealt very harshly with her. Her husband had only just succeeded to tho title, the preparations fur their reception at tho Castle were not yet completed,' when he was attacked by typhoid fover and dic-d after a week's illneis. His eldest son Lady Dallas' stepson — hated Eng land and English ways and pre ferred to live in I taly. He disliked his stepmother too much to allow her t'j occupy the Castle, and it was left di-serted. Tho great drawing-rooms were shut up, their most precious ornaments sent to the bank to be stored in its cellars. Tho furniture was shrouded in linen wrappers ; the great gardens and hothouses rented out to a shrewd Scotch gardener, bent on making the best of his bargain. Lady Dallas, at tho Dower House, could not even have a rose from tho rose-garden without paying the market prico for it. Tho Dower House was an old, rambling edifice on tho opposite side of the valley. Lady Dallas could look from her narrow drawing room upstairs across tho woods at the stately front of the Castle. She never looked at it without bit terness — bitterness that increased as the years went on. If she could have afforded it she would gladly have left the Dower House. She liated it ; loathed it. Its sma'l, low rooms, its cramped passages, its cumbrous furniture, seemed to op press her more and more. But her income was a very narrow one and she was bent on economising for her boy, her gallant soldier- son, tho only being on earth whom she had over loved. For him she could sacrifice her own inclinations ; for his good she was content to suffer. And she had never allowed him to guess that sbe found the Dower House anything but a delightful home. She was watching eagerly for him that afternoon as she stood at . the gato of the tiny lawn, with a white lace scarf thrown over her stately head. She had not seen him for six months. He had been fighting in Egypt with his regi ment and her life had been one long agony of fear while the war went on. But now it was over and he was coming home to her. He had been wounded, but only slightly ; he was quite well again, he wrote to her. And he made himself a name for his bravery. He was now Major Harcourt, V.C. Ho had sent her his photograph that morn ing with the Cross on his red coat that the Queen had pinned there a ' day or two before. He had been - home for three weeks and more, but had been un able to come down to his mother because of his regimental duties. He had begged her to como to him, 'but she refused. Travelling cost money, and staving with the colonel's wife meant now clothes. And she was hoarding every penny for him. Her heart began to beat wildly as she caught sialic nf the dogcart and the tall figure driving. She opened the gate and stepped out into the road. ' Well, mother !' He sprang down to meet her and kissed her fondly. ? He was looking wonderfully well and happy. It made Lady Dallas' eyes shine with joyful tears to look at him. ' Oh ! Lawrence, it has been such a long time !' He smiled tenderly at her. 'Poor mother! it was harder for you,' he said ; ' but it is good to bo back at homo again. What a dear old place it is ! I don't bo lievo there is a prettier place in the world, mother !' . He did not notice the impatient frown which darkened his mother's face at this. Ilia love of their little home was tho orio thing which irritated her in him. But she said nothing. And lie never suspected the bitterness in her heart. They had tea in tho drawing room, where his photo stood on Lady Dallas' writing-table in a silver frame. Opposite it, on a miniature easel, was a water-color sketch of a girl's head. Lawrence took this up with an exclamation of pleasure. ' Is this yours, mother 1 It is very good. How pretty Blanche is getting.' ? ' It does not do her justice,' said his mother, eagerly ; ' shsis lovely. She will make a great sensation when thoy present her next year. It is not often that a girl is a beauty and an heiress too.' He was looking at tho picture, a smile on his lips. ' She is a dear little thing,' he said. ' I shall bo glad to see her again. But can she possibly be old enough to como out ? It seems only a few months ago that she was in short frocks !' His mother gave him a quicker glance. Sho wished his tone had been different, less brotherly. But sho had not seen Blanche for a year or more. ' She is seventeen,' she said. ' You will see her to-morrow. They want us to dino at Penstone.' Her hand trembled a little as she lifted tho cream-jug, and she carefully avoided looking at him. ' Sir Georgo is very fond of you, Law rence. And Blancho is very dear to me.' He turned quickly towards her, a deep flush rising in his bronzed cheeks. But she did not speak to him for a moment. He replaced the water-color sketch on the little easel and drew his. chair near the tea-table. ' Mother,' ho began, in a voice full of deep, restrained feeling, ' I have something — ' Before he could finish his sen tence thoy wore interrupted. Jane, tho little parlor- maid, entered, bear ing a silver salver with a telegram on it. It was for Lawrence. He broke open the yellow envelope with a hasty hand, expecting to read some message about a port manteau he had mislaid on the way down from town. Ho was vexed it had come just then. Now ho had begun to speak to his mother he would havo liked to finish. He was afraid she would not be pleased at first ; but she must be told. He unfolded tho sheet and cast a careless glance at it. Then his face changed, all the color went out of it. ' Mother,' ho exclaimed, and held the telegram out to her with a shaking hand, ' it is from Worsley. Gerard is dead 1 ' She snatched the telegram from him, her eyes devouring the few words that meant so much. And then she looked at her son. But he could not meet her glance, the triumph and joy in it made his blood run cold. Ho had not known how sho had hated his step-brother. He started up and went to the window. ' Poor Gerard !' he said, in a choked voice. ' It is -awfully sud den, mother.' ' Don't expect mo to say I am sorry,' she exclaimed, sharply. ' I cannot do it, Lawrence. I am glad ! glad !' He did not answer, and after a moment she crossed the room and laid her hand on his shoulder. ' Lawrence, how can I bo sorry ?' she went on, her voice trembling a little. 'Think how ho has be luued.' ' He was kind to me when I was a little chap,' he returned, huskily. ' Don't say hard things of him now, mother.' She was silent, but her eyes re tained their oxultant light. Sho looked across the valley at the towers of the Castlo crowning the opposite hill. In a little time sho would be reigning thero as mistress. And if Lawrence married gentle Blanche Penstone she would remain virtual mistress still. Dazzling visions of the future rose befove her. Her wildest hopes would bo gratified now. Lawrence was still young, all his life lay in front of him. He would be able to leave the army at once ; they need never be parted again. How could ho expect her to be sorry that Gerard was dead ? ' Mother, I must go to Florence. I can catch the up-mail at Peter borough if I start at onco. I shall go to the lawyers and cross by the morning boat.' ' Yes, of course you must go. Write ? to me from London, dear. I shall bo anxious to hear all Worsley tells us.' Sho had taken up the telegram again and was studying it eagerly but it only gavo the bare faiits — that Lord Dallas had died quite suddenly of failure of the heart. Sho looked up at Lawrence. ' I \Vonder if ho has made a will Lawrence ? But he could not leave much away from you. Thank Heaven ! it was out of his power to do that.' Sho saw his pained look, but she went quickly on, 'Unless he married secretly; but — ' ' Mother, don't say any more !' Lawrenco implored. 'You and poor Gerard never understood each other. Ho was hard and unfor giving, but he was the soul of honour. If he had married it would not havo been secretly. But he never meant to marry. Ho had never forgotten that girl he was engaged to, though she treated him so badly. Poor old Gerard 1 his life has been a hard one, mother.' Lady Dallas pressed her proud lips tightly together to keep back a bitter answer. Her life had been tho hard one. Why did Lawrence not see that 1 He had rung the bell and now went to the door to givo the servant directions about the dogcart. When he came back to his mother ho kissed her tenderly. Though sho remained silent he guessed what she was feeling. 'I will write from London, mother; .though I expect Worsley knows very little more than the telegram tells us. I shall be in Florence to-morrow night and will telegraph to you from there.' She looked up at him, her eyes hard and glittering. 'I will try to forgive him, Law rence. I do not think he hated you. If he had, ho would have married just to prevent you suc ceeding him. But nothing can keep you from inheriting now. You are Lord Dallas. Everything is yours.' ' Unless a descendant of Cousin Harold's turns up,' he answered. ' I remember father telling me once that he had expected to hear that his cousin had married in Aus tralia.' Lady Dallas dismissed the sug gestion with a careless shrug of the shoulders and Lawrence had only spoken of it to turn th-y conversa tion away from his dead brother. It was nearly 40 years since Harold L'Estrange bad gone down in the ship that was bringing him homo from Australia after his father's death. If he had lived, Law rence's father would not have been Lord Dallas. Tho Harcourts be longed to the female side of the family. But the ship was lost with all on. board, and though in a letter Harold had onco vaguely hinted at some new ties he had formed which his family might think undesirable, he had said nothing further, and when, after his death, the lawyers made careful inquiries, no trace of a marriage could bo found. Till Lawrence spoko of him, Lady Dallas had not thought of her hus band's cousin for years. And that evening, aftor her son left her, as she walked up and down the lawn making plans for the future, no thought of Harold L'Estrango came to disturb her triumph. CHAPTER II. ' Then our next visit will be to tho Castle ? It is good to think of it being open again. When do6s Lord Dallas come home V' It was Miss Penstone who asked the question. She and Blanche had called at the Dower House and and found no one at home, but they had met Lady Dallas as they drove back through tho woods. She and her two maids wero spending most of tho time at the Castle, Lady Dallas explained, making arrange ments. As soon as the place was in order and the necessary servants wero obtained she would take up her abode at the Castlo and the Dower House would bo closed. ' Lawrence hopes to get back on Saturday,' she said, in answer to Miss Ponstone's question. ' There has been a great deal to arrange at Florence. Gerard left orders that his house should be sold and his furniture disposed of directly aftor his funeral. Lawrenco was loft executor, you know. Poor Gerard in his will tried to bridge over the division between them. Ho has left Lawrence everything.' 'How strange that he .'Should havo wished to bo buried in that foreign churchyard,' said Miss Pen stone, with a little shiver. ' I am sure my ghost would walk if I wero buried abroad. But he must have hated England. I hope the major will not be an absentee, Lady Dallas? We are all prepared to givo him a very hearty welcome.' ' No, ho means to leave the army at onco. He said so in his letter yesterday. We shall not be parted again.' Her glance foil on Blanche, who had sprung from tho carriage to pick some cowslips and was stand ing, a dainty figure in white, close to the river bank. 'Not even when he marries,' she went on, with a smile. ' I hope his wife will bo very fond of me.' Miss Penstone's glance had fol lowed hers, and she smiled too. 'Ah! it will bo his duty to marry now,' sho said. ? ' If — ' She did not finish her sentence, but looked at Lady Dallas with the smile still on her lips. ' It will be delightful to havo him home for good,' sho said. 'George is in great spirits about it. He thinks there is no one like the major. But we must be driving on. Where is Blancho gone to' She was there an instant ago.' As she spoke Blanche appeared in sight again at the top of the bank, which . sloped deeply just there to a path by the water's edge. She came quickly to°thc carriage. ' Lady Dallas, someone is asking the way to the Dower House. She has come from the railway-station. Shall I tell her you are here ?' ' Some servant, I suppose. They were to apply at the stoward's oflice. But I will go and speak to the young woman.' ' She did not look like a servant,' Blanche said, hesitatingly. 'A lady's maid, perhaps. She has quite a lovely face. You must let me try to paint her if you engage her, dear Lad}' Dallas.' ' Let us hope she has better qualifications than a lovely face,' returned Lady Dallas, drily. ' Good-bye, my little Blanche. I mean to have a fine new studio at tho Castlo and you shall paint any body you like. Wo will make Lawrence sit for his portrait.' Sho went off with a smile, but thero was a cloud on Blanche's pretty face as she gathered up the reins and drove away. 'I wish Lady Dallas was not quite— quite so joyful, Aunt Lizzie,' she said after a moment's silence. 'But, my dear, she and Lord Dallas were never friends. She could not grieve for him.' ' No, I supposo not. But I am sure Major Harcourt will be different about it,' she added quickly. Miss Penstone glanced at her. ' You like Mr. Harcourt- Lord Dallas we must call him now — don't you, dear ?' ' Oh ! very much !' said Blanche, eagerly. But the colour did not deepen on her cheeks. She liked Lawrence as she might have loved a kind elder brother. She was not in the I least in love with him. If she had been forced to confess all the secret 1 of her heart she would have had to say that she was far more interested ' in a certain scapegrace cousin, who insisted on painting pictures instead of going into the army, as his J ' friends wished. But not even Miss Penstone had guessed why she was so eager to study art with Lady Dallas. Lady Dallas, on reaching the river path, found that the young woman who had inquired for her had walked on towards the Dower House and was now some distance ahead. She had a slim, very grace ful figure. Lady Dallas, whose eye was quick for such things, noticed how beautifully her small head was set upon her shoulders. Sho was dressed in black and her hair, ruddy gold in hue, was neatly coiled under a sailor-hat. But Lady Dallas promptly decided not to engage her. Sho was far too attractive for a servant, in any capacity. And this opinion was strengthened when she overtook her and the girl, at tho sound of her .voice, turned upon her a delicate, oval face, lacking, indeed, tho pink and white prettiness of Blanche's, but having a rarer charm. ' Good afternoon,' Lady Dallas said, in the pleasant, condescending voice she kept for her inferiors. ' You wish to speak1 to me, Miss Penstono said. Which advertise ment have you come to answer ?' The girl's delicate, dark eyebrows drew together in a littlo nervous frown which was habitual to her when puzzled. ' I saw no advertisement,' she said. 'I — ' ' Ah ! that accounts for it,' re turned Lady Dallas, promptly. 'You ought to have gono to the steward's oflice. But I have prac tically engaged my maid, and — ' The blood rushed up into the , girl's pale cheeks. ' But I did not come to answer any advertisement,' she said. ' I was going to the Castle, but they told me at the railway station that you lived at the Dower House. And I wanted to give you a letter.' She hesitated a moment as she looked at Lady Dallas, and then added, ' It is addressed to Lady Dallas ; but I think now, I feel sure, that it cannot bo to you it is addressed, for it must bo forty years old.' She smiled as she spoke, and her smile was a very charming one. But Lady Dallas answered her very coldly. She began to suspect that this lovely young woman was trying to impose upon her. ' I do not understand you,' she said. ' What letter do you speak of?' The girl had a small morocco bag in her hand. She opened it. ' I have it here,' sho said, eagerly. ' I only found it on Sun day. It was in a secret drawer of my grandfather's desk. He was drowned at sea, and tho news of his death killed my grandmother. So the letter was never sent.' Lady Dallas did not answer for a moment. She was staring at the envelope the girl had put in her hand. It was yellow with ago and the ink was faded, but the bold handwriting was still perfetly clear. 'Lady Dallas, The Castle, Berk- ? shire,' the address ran, and under neath was written, ' To bo sent to England in the event of my death.' Harold L'Estrange's mother had treasured the few letters her exiled son had sent her to the day of her death, and Lady Dallas had read them to her over and over again in her last illness. She had recognised Harold's writing in her first glance at the envelope. But she could nob speak at once. The warm blood seemed to turn to ice about her heart. What message from the grave did this letter bring ? Her voice sounded strange in her own ears when at last she spoke. ' What was your grandfather's name ?' she asked, bending a dark, searching glance at the girl's sweet face. (To be Continued.) ? ' I xv. ? | 