[ALL BIGHTS BKSKBTK&J; THE LADY OFTHE MANOR BY W. E. NORRIS (Author ol " Major and Minor," ic.) "IF you put it in that -way," sai the young fellow in shooting costnm with the gun under his arm, " < course, I can't contradict you. It true that I have only £300 a year, i addition to my pay ; it is true thi the governor would cut off even thi skimpy allowance rather than consei / to our marriage ; and I Buppose it : also true that, as you say, your choic lies between luxury and earnin your own living somehow or othe AH tho same-" " We must face facts," interrupte the tall, dark, handsome girl, wh was standing beside bim on the on skirt3 of a dripping wood, in tb fading light of a dull Novembc afternoon. "God knows they ai hard enough-don't make thei harder for me, Percy. If there wei any hope-even the faintest, tiniei shadow of a hope-it would t different ; but you yourself acknov ledge that there is none. And as is quite impossible for me to marr the only man whom I shall ev« love, why should I object-to old M; Hetherington, whom I like, who he always been kindness itself to mt and--" "And who is the richest man i the country." . " Oh, yes, that counts ; naturall it counts. If you were looking oti for a situation, wouldn't you tak the highest salary you could get And I am only fitted for one kin of situation, not being nearly wei educated enough for a place a governess. Mr. Hetherington is sensible man ; he does not ask o expect me to be in love with hin: But he is a widower and ohildless ho is as much alone in the world a I am ; he can give rae a home, am I can give him the care' and com panionship that he wants. It is reasonable bargain, I think." > Percy Morant dug his heel savagel; into the moist earth. ""He burst ou( "It is a damnable-" But hi checked himself. What was the UBI of cursing and swearing ? And after all, what right had ho t< condemn Amy Wreford,tho daughte of tho recently deceased vicar of th< parish, who had been left practically destitute, and whom old Hether ington, of Bramley, her late father'i friend, had so unexpectedly offeree to espouse ? The right of loving he; and being loved by her? But : younger son who is about to join hil regiment in India has really m business to love or be loved by Í penniless maiden, and if anybody merited condemnation perhaps Mr Percy Morant did. So he concludet in sober and despairing accents : " Well, I can't understand women All I know is I couldn't do it !" " You don't understand women, Percy," returned the girl quietly " If you did, you would understand that this will make no difference ic me-none whatever 1" " It will make no difference in mj love for you," he cried. "Married or single, alive or dead, you will always be for me the one and onlj woman I Of that yon may be sure But--" , . "" Andyou will always be the one and only man in the world for me,' Miss Wreford calmly declared. Under all the circumstances, this was a tolerably audacious assertion on her part ; but perhaps she scarcely realised its audacity. What she did realise as clearly as possible was that she had no immediate prospect of happiness, while she stood in immediate peril of being reduced to penury. If she built certain secret hopes upon the foundation of Mr. Hetherington's advanced age and broken health, she gave no utterance to them. She had waylaid Percy Morant for the parpóse of bidding him farewell, and this purpose was duly achieved-with such accom- paniments as were but humanly incidental to the situation. So, shortly afterwards, Peroy Morant sailed for India, to the great satisfaction and relief of his father, Sir Charles Morant (who had feared that there was going to be some .stupid fuss with the parson's daughter), and before Christmas old \- Squire Hetherington of Bramley Manor was quietly married to a girl who might have been his grand- daughter. 'The old squire deemed himself a fortunate man, and so, in truth, the event proved him to be ; for-oddly enough, as many people thought-this' second matrimonial venture of his secured for him the most attentive and devoted of wives. There is every reason to believe that the concluding chapter of his long lifo was as pleasant, as restful, and as . cheerful as an incurable* malady would suffer it fo be.... Death, however, though kept at bay by assiduous care and nursing, . held him in a tightening grip the whole time. Thus it came to pass that, ¿bout two years subsequent to the parting interview described above, tho doctor, felt it his duty to prepare Mrs. Hetheririgton'for what was obviously imminent. "My dear lady," said he, "we must, I fear, recognise now that pro- fessional skill can do little or nothing more. With complications we shall no doubt be able to deal as they arise, and alleviation is, happily, within our jower to provide. But recovery, alas 1" He shook his head and waved his handB mournfully. Amy Hetherington received this \- melancholy announcement without ». - much outward show- of emotion. She was not, indeed, considered to be an emotional -woman, althone all those who had been brought in contact with her since her marcia; gave her credit for being a mest a< mirable and unselfish one. Aft Dr. Williams had driven awn behind his fat cobs, she left hi patient to slumber under the supe vision of a trained nurse, av wandered through the corridors an vast, empty rooms of the beautifi old house which must soon be her That she had been constitucd so! inheritress of Bramley Mauor an the broad lands which surrounds it she knew-for the place was ni entailed, nor was Mr. Hetheringto so much as personally acquainte with his next of kin- and she sal to herself that she had earned wbi she had earned. She had done ht duty; she had even heroically an successfully pretended to like doin it 1 Surely the season for reward wa at hand, and surely sho was entitle to rejoice at the approach of a emancipation which she had don nothing to accelerate ! Her es istence during the past two yeat had been one of well-nigh unintei rupted seclusion ; yet echoes fror the outer .world had reached her ear from time tb time, and she happe ne* to know that Percy Morant' regiment had recently returned fros foreign service. The Morante, whe when they were at home, f requentl; called to inquire after Mr. Hethei ington, would assuredly not turn uj rJheir ambitious noses at the wealth; lady of Bramley Manor ; and as fo Percy, she did not doubt, nor hat she ever for a moment doubted, hi fidelity. Herself a curiously patien and unchangeable person, sh believed that the mau who hat unquestionably loved her once mus love her still. Moreover, she hat his own word for it that he wa incapable of change. Consequently, when she strayec into the library and absently took uj one of a pile of newspapers whicl lay upon the table beside the fire, i paragraph which stared her in thi face had much the same effect upoi her as a sudden blow between th eyes. She staggered back ant dropped into the nearest chair, gazinj in stupefied bewilderment at thi incredible printed words. \ "Another American heiress" (si the purveyor of social intelligence for a ladies' journal informed bli readers) "is likely ere long to become domesticated in England. Th« engagement of Miss Fallscrip, tut daughter of the well-known million aire, to Captain Morant, younger soc of Sir Charles and the Hon. Lad; Morant, is announced, and thc wedding ÍB expected to take /place in London some time; during thc coming season, a hons" in Belgrave Square having been n. ken by thc parents of the bride-oject, who 'are at present unable to lwtvd New York.?' The undesigned irony of it was thc first thing to strike Amy Hether- ington. That her ship should founder at the very moment when she had come'within sight pf land I the promised land towards',' which she had been shaping a moro or less conscious course through months and years of.' dull, dark weather I Bat it had not sunk yet : this was the second thought to whiob she clang with the energy and tenacity I of one who will not tamely consent to be submerged, and is resolved at least to strike out for life. There was time-surely there would be time J-to save herself and also the faithless lover for whose faithlessness she had already began to find excuses. It was so easy to conjecture what had happened !-Percy's despair, his possible* misunderstanding of her long silence, the urgency of his parents, who must of comae be eager for him to make a good match-per- haps even a species of fascination brought to bear upon his senses by that horrid, vulgar Yankee girl. Oh, yes; there was nothing to be sur- prised at in the young man's sur- render to what had, no' doubt, appeared to him to be his manifest destiny. AU'could, and would, be set right from the .moment that the prospect of another and a happier destiny should be revealed to him. Only to that end it was desirable indispensable-that her husband should obtain speedy release from his sufferings. Kow, the complaint with which poor Mr. Hetherington was afflicted was of a lingering nature, and he had a strong con- stitution. Amy had been sitting for more than an hour in the library, with her feet upon the fender, her head. sup- ported by her folded hands, and her eyes fixed apon the glowing coals, when the nurse came in to summon her. "He has the pain very badly again, and he is crying out for his morphia," this , functionary an- nounced. "You had better let him have it ; nothing can do him much harm now." Amy started up at once. "You think it won't matter ?-you think we should be justified ?" she asked, as she hurried towards the sick room. It was a standing grievance with, the nurse that the responsibility of ad- ministering occasional hypodermic injections of morphia to tho patient had not been confided to her, but to Mrs. Hetherington, upon - whose intelligence and discretion Dr. Williams implicitly relied. She, therefore, replied rather, crossly : "Ohjitisn't for'ineto give an opinion ; I am not considered com- petent, it seems. But you heard what the doctor said. I suppose there can he no doubt that frequent doses tend to hasten death ; but well, so long as you don't make them too strong, they can't be called poison doses anyhow." "You mean that he is very near death, then ?" . . . . "Ah, that's what nobody can tell*: he might last weeks or he might last months." The gaunt, pallid old man who was writhing in agony upon the bed when his wife entered did not look as though he could last much longer -nor did it seem as though a poison dose would be unwelcome to him. From the first he had borne the torture to which he was condemned bravely, and he summoned up the ghost of a painful smile now for his wife's benefit ; but his powers of endurance were almost exhausted. , ? Give it me quickly I-give me plenty of it !" he pleaded in a hoarse whisper. "Yee, dear; you wil be«much' easier presently," answered Amy, in her low, soothing voice. ' "Dr. Williams told me I might give you more than you have been haviDg." Her back was turned towards the nurse as'she took up a small bottle I and measured out drop after drop of its contents with a steady hand. She ' filled the silver syringe and in an- other moment had deftly accom- plished an operation to which she was by that time accustomed. Ten minutes later, the old man, with relaxed limbs and a peacefully com- posed countenance, had dropped off to sleep. \ From that sleep Mr. Hetherington never woke. A sad mistake had been made, and Dr. Williams, though deeply sympathising with the un- happy widow, did not dare to keep it dark. Some rather sharp, things were said to him at the inquest ; the evidence of the nurse was not of a nature to exonerate him, and he had to own that he had verbally author- ised Mrs. Hetherington to increase the strength of the dose from the six drops specified in the prescription produced to eight drops. He was quite unable to account for her having imagined that he had said eighteen, and the coroner felt con- strained to remark .that this showed the danger of placing poisonous drugs in non- professsional hands. For, the rest/it could not be sup- posed, nor was it supposed, by any- one that the poor lady -had intentionally -killed her husband. Great commiseration was felt for her in her sorrow, and she was acquitted of all blame in the matter of the extraordinary blunder which she had made no attempt to conceal or palliate. Dr. Williams himself, not- withstanding the good reasons that he had for feeling aggrieved, was moved to compassion by the spec- tacle of her nervous collapse and did his best to comfort her. "My dear lady," he protested, "you should not take this so much to heart. Between ourselves, the accident which wo are bound to call deplorable, wai in reality merciful and-ii I may venture to say so - Providential. As a physician, my duty is to prolong, life, by every means in my po wer ; but as a human being, I cannot help rejoicing when, in certain cases, jny efforts are defeated." Mrs. Hetherington, however, re- fused to be comforted. Possibly she may have had other causes for mental' distress than her medical man was aware of or could divine. At any rate, after she had been dwelling in complete solitude for several months and had fallen into a state, of chronic despondency which was little short of alarm in tr. I he declared decisively that she mas 1 have immediate change of scene. ! " Yon had better go abroad," h I told her ; " but whether you have i fancy for foreign travel or not, yoi i mast go away from home. There i I nothing the matter with yon a present that mediciné ' can care j only there is a distinct danger tba by staying here mach longer yoi i may get something the matter witl [yon which .medicine can't evei treat." I He really thought that she wai I approaching the outskirts of meian choly madness, and he maj also have thought that it was a littlt ' too ridiculous for : a handsome young woman' who had come inte possession of a fine property to drifi into such a plight as that. So he cordially approved of her suggestion that she should betake herself tc London for a time. London wac i by no means unlikely to do all that I required to be*done for her. She herself hoped that it might, and had made up her mind to give the plan a trial- before Dr. Williams spoke. Yet it seemed almost like hoping against hope to anticipate that, after so long a period of un- broken silence on Percy's part and agonised suspense on her own, any- thing save the confirmation of her worst fears could be in store for her. Sometimes she wondered whether he could be waiting for. her to make the first advance ; sometimes it oc- curred to her as just possible that [ he had not heard of her husband's death ; for she remembered that in old days his reading of the news [ papers had been usually confined to a glance at the sporting intelligence columns. Sometimes, too-but that was only when she was feeling very low indeed-a hateful voice whis- pered into her ear that she had been clean forgotten.. Now, it is a well-known fact that when people begin to imagine they hear voices, the time to consult a specialist for diseases of the brain haB come. Amy Hetherington was not ignorant of this, nor waa she wholly unconscious of the peril at .which Dr. Williams had hinted. Nevertheless she was not insane yet, and she clung to the conviction that if she could but see Percy all would ba well. It was,, indeed, im- possible-absolutely impossible that he could have forgotten her. ; Of course, he bad not forgotten I her. He recognised her, notwith . standing her widow's weeds and crape veil the moment that she barred his passage in St. Jaiaes' I place two or three days after she I had established herself at a Mayfair Hotel. It was in St. James' j place that the Morants' London ! house was situated, and she had walked thither without any very definite intention-certainly with no intention of calling apon Lady Morant, who would probably have been a good deal surprised to see her. Bat now, as luck would have it, she had achieved her vague purpose without the slightest trouble or fuss, since here was Percy Morant, stepping jauntily forth from, the paternal mansion, with a smile upon his lips which the sight of her did not banish. " Oh, how do you do, Mrs. Hether- ington?" be exclaimed, taking, off his hat, " I didn't know yon were in town." He was a little altered in appear- ance-not more so than waa to be expected after two years of India -but he mast have changed in- credibly in other respecta to be able to accost her after that fashion. She took his hand, bat did not re- spond to his smile. : "Percy," she said, fixing her great melancholy eyes apon him. At that he looked deoidediv nn comfortable ; he even looked as i incontinent, inglorious flight wer pnggesting itself to him as a posai bl course. Bat perhaps he remerr bered that a British soldier mat never ran away from anybody c anything ; for when she asked hit to walk a short distance with he he at once complied. She led him to St., James' Park and he conversed '-briskly on th way ; hut she hardly knew what h was talking about. Chatter, n< doubt, helped to relieve the a wk wardness of the situation ; she dij not grudge bim such relief as wa obtainable. For her own part, sh was so completely past caring abou appearances that, when they reach« a (comparatively retired bench aw she had motioned him to seat him self upon it beside her, she laid he hand upon his shoulder and, wit! her face close to his, asked-_ "Percy, what'does this mean Why did you not come to me whet you heard that I was free ? Wh; have you never written ?** He began in accents of mild re monstrance, " My dear Mrs. Hether ington-" " Don't call me Mrs. Hethering ton," she interrupted; "I haven' called yon Captain Morant." " Well, Amy, then-it didn't occa I to me that yon could wish me ti I intrude upon you in the early day , of-your bereavement." "Bereavement! As if you di< ' not know ! But, ot coarse, yon hai j another motive. What was it ?" Percy Morant's good-hamore< countenance supplied at all timei an infallible key to his sentiments It now announced, aa plainly ai if he had uttered the words, that hi was in a tight place and that ht couldn't think bow the deuce hi was going to get out of it. After t moment of reflection, he judged ii best to say, "I expect you inusi have heard that I am engaged to Ix married." " I heard that before my husband died," she answered. "I could guess how the thing had come about. The girl was rich-your people brought pre aa ure to beat upon you-yon were weary ol waiting for what might never come. I did not blame you; but I nevei doubted yon. How could I, aftei the promise yon gave me the last time we met? " " What promise ?" inquired the young man, raising a pair of wonder- ing blue eyes. He made haste ta add, however (for the expres- sion of the eyes which met his was rather disconcerting), "Oh, I seel Bat yoa know, Amy, yon yourself were a married woman, and-two whole years do make a difference." " Yoa promised that years should make no difference in /yon ! They have made none in me, and I can't believe-" . "' ? She broke off, and there was a moment of silence,' after which she resumed apmptly, "You are aware, of course, that I killed my hus- band.". . " . " won't say such things 1" ex- claimed Percy, genuinely shocked. " I heard of the unfortunate mistake that had been made, and 1 waa most sincerely sorry." " I thought yon would have been most, sincerely glad. Anyhow, it was no mistake. I hastened his death -deliberately and intentionally so that yoa might rid yourself of thia horrid entanglement while it was still time." "Amy! You never did that ?" "I swear to you apon.my soul that I did. Do yoa understand now that we belong to one another, you and I, and that nobody can come between us? And your people will not oppose our marriage ; for I am as rich as.they can wish your wife to be-perhaps even richer than that girl whom yoa don't love." " Bat I do love her," Percy found it necessary to avow; "I am not marrying her for the sake of her dollars. She is a very nice girl, and -I am awfully in love with her. There!" " You have the courage to tell me so!-after what* I"have just told you.". "One mast have the courage to speak the troth, Amy." It would have been better if, having said that much, he had held his peace;* bat she sprang to her feet and stood, looking down upon him with such an air of .disdain and disgust that be was tempted to add : "And even if what you have just told me were true-I hope and think that it isn't, but even if it were should I be inclined, do you suppose, to marry-" " A. murderess 7" she suggested, smiling faintly. "Well,no. probably not. I ought to have thought of that before. Goodbve. then. Can I tain Morant ; I trust you will be as happy in your married life aa you deserve to be." j He made no effort to detain her, and abe waa soon out of sight. It was some little comfort to him to to be able to assure himself that she was certainly crassy. Dr. Williams and others felt no doubt whatsoever as to the insanity of Mrs. Hetherington, who was found dead in her bed the next morning, having succumbed to the effects of an overdose of morphia. Dr. Williams waa in a position to certify that the tragic circumstances of her late husband's death had, preyed upon the unfortunate lady's mind to such an extent that she was scarcely responsible for her j actions, and indeed, it was obvious to everybody that she would never, if she had had her wita about her, have I departed from a world which offered her all the good things that the world has to bestow. Percy Morant very.sensibly kept his own counsel. He was not questioned, nor was ho so officious as to come forward with unsolicited explanations. 