? ~ — ' - - - Laurieton. From our Correspondent Mr. W. Newell and his brother An dy had a rather perilous and sensation al experience on Thursday last, while boating some corn for feed for their bullocks from Stoney Creek. They placed 15 bags in the boat, and started across Queen's Lake for their second trip, when' a fresh breeze sprung up causing a nasty wobble in the Lake. When about half a mile or so out the boat began to ship the breakers ; and the men decided to take down the saiL 'They had no sooner done this than the boat filled and sunk in deep water. Andy collared a bag of corn ; the boat cowing to the surface again. William called to his brother to leave the corn, h.uu raKe noia or wie boat. As soon as the weight of the two was placed on the boat she sunk again, leaving the two men to struggle as best they could in very cold water aggravated by a cold northwester. There was a rise of three feet of fresh muddy water in the Lake ; and there was no one about to hear their coo-ee or cry for help. They seized the boat again when she came to the top ; and Andy, who is a very poor swimmer, and felt the cold very much, showed signs of exhaustion. Then the boat turned, and came bot tom up. Thinkiug she would cavrv their weight, they both tried to get up but she only sunk again. Then Andy got upon the stern straddle leg and was up to his chest in water. The boat would have left him, but William kept on her nose, thereby counterba lancing Andy's weight. Then with Andy paddling, and his brother swim ming and towing, they managed to get along so far that after two hours bat tling William touched bottom. It was a tough struggle for life, and especial ly on William's part ; and lie with on ly one leg, the other being a ?wooden one, and having to help his brother as well as himself. Imagine the picture — one hand engaged in holding the boat, the other and one lee to swim with, and his brother sitting on the stern of the boat up' to his chest in wa ter, more inclined to give up the ghost than paddle. It was nothing but the dear wish for life, and pluck on William's part that sav ed them ; for when they got to shore gered and fell. As night was drawing near Andy went off for assistance, and having reached the camp his brother came to their assistance. William was got to the camp, where a good fire and food left him alright, but with the re collection of his dangerous experience. 