Mr.' Donaldson's Meeting'.' ? u ? [Contributed.] (By ' Ghost. ') I was wandering around a few nights ago, in search of some kind, of mild excitement, when I heard a person say that Mr. Donaldson was speaking to the electors at an oddfellow's hall, so in I went, and what I saw and heard was both interesting and amus inff. Mr. Donaldson started his address by extolling the virtues of the present Ministry, which he reckons is the most progressive we have had. He ex plained some of the actions of the Government, and briefly referred to the resumption of the foreshores of Darling Harbour, but reckoned that it did not concern us much. It is just here that I think he got astray, because there is direct connection in the question between Adelong and Tumut and portions of the Empire 'at the other end of- the ? world. What with greater and better accommodation for shipping at Sydney, with a rail way around the foreshores of our beautiful harbour connecting with the main line, and a branch from Gunda gai to Adelong and Tumut, the Em pire becomes a connected whole. See ? Hooray for the ' Hempire.' It was when Mr. Donaldson bumped against the suag of Womanhood Suffrage that his political principles went to smithereens. He would only give them a vote when he knows that a majority of the women want it. He didn't tell us liow he was going to find out if a majority of the women wanted a vote, but it struck me, with almost the force of a brick, that he would have to give them a vote to find out whether a majority wanted it or not ; also he is against it because the city women take a greater interest in politics than the country women, therefore it would give the city greater power. What the writer would like to know is how . he arrived at that conclusion, i Would the city have any .more representatives in Parliament than at present, or would the country members worship at city women's political shrine and neglect the country ? But what really escaped Mr. Donaldson's notice was the strict democratic principle underlying the question, ' No taxation without repre sentation,' and the absolute justice that every person called upon to obey the laws of a country should have a voice in the making of those laws. Mr. Donaldson would hardly caro to assert that women are not called upon to obey the laws of N. S. Wales as well as the men. Give the women a vote, and leave them to use itpr not, as they individually think fitj then you are on solid ground. Another matter which Mr. Donald son complained of, was the apathy of the miners in this electorate. Some time ago ho went to the trouble of sending a number of copies of the Bill to amend the Mining Laws to various experienced miners in the electorate, and asked them to oiler suggestions, but no notice was taken of flii^ :by those miners. Ho thought that was treating him badly. What wo thmk. about the matter is this. When we elect persons, and give them JE800 a year, to make laws, they should know at leastitho principle upon which thoso laws should be inado, and any sug gestions from persons with vested intei'L'sts would only complicate matters, and which, if adopted,' would mako tlio amended mining. laws as they are at present, neither fish, flesh, fowl nor good red hairing. Also the miners do not keep dig.-s and bark themselves. It was when he began to talk about the' railway that the fun began. A voice: 'We don't want it.' 'Phwat's that yer say — nice paytriot ye are.' ' Shuro don't Oi:want it through mo backyard,' said another voice. Then a landowner wanted to know whether it was proposed to tax tho people who owned land to make up the deficiency, if any, on tho working of the line. But Mr. Donaldson assured him that the poor landowner would not be called upon to pay anything, but that he would reap all, or most, of the benefits from the railway. It would be those well-to-do persons who humped bluey around the country who would be called upon to pay. Any how he was going to do his level best to got it constructed, and he didn't care a tinker's dam whether it paid for wheel grease or not. Another intelligent person informed the meet ing that Tumut and Adelong produce could be bought at lower prices in Wagga than here, so he didn't see how a railway would benefit Adelong. What this person didn't see, and what Mr. Donaldson didn't tell him, is this : It is because we have no railway that we have to pay higher prices in Ade long for local produce than the people in Wagga have to pay for produce which is sent there from Adelong. The local producer adds the cost of carriage to the market price in Sydney, and we have to pay it because we can not get it any cheaper. So the local producer supplies our small market at high rates, and sends the surplus to compete in open market with other places ; hence the difference. Mr. Donaldson also pointed out markets for local produce in Wyalong and Temora and other places in that direction. Someone in the hall here suggested that we had those markets now. We sent our produqe out there' on bullock teams, and we didn't want a railway anyhow. '. Then the meeting got tied into a knot over the proposed visit of the Premier and the Colonial Secretary. One depraved person did'nt care a darn whether they came or not. Another chap reckoned the time would not be long enough to properly enter-: tain them. He's had some experi ence in entertaining Ministers of the Crown, and knows the quantity it takes to open the public treasurer's purse strings. Some members of ou.i Progress Committee couldn't see why that committeo should be called upon to do all the ' shouting,' and they wanted the public to help, and so it was fixed up. I intend to have a glorious spree on that day. . At this stage a chap wanted to know why we didn't have better roads and streets, when Mr. Donaldson ex plained that the cost of the recent loyalty drunk from which the country was just getting cornpus mentis was so great, and the expenditure on rat destruction in the ? city had left the Treasury so bare of spons, that the roads would have to remain bad until the people made up their minds whether the money required to put them in good order should be raised by an increased tax on incomes or land values or through the Customs House. Then somebody ejaculated ?' protection,' when immediate cries for ' freetrade ' were heard, counter acted by further cries for ' prpt.ee tion.' Then your correspondent got under the flap of a policeman's coat for protection from a scrimmage, and escaped to his home in spirit land, where there is much freedom of trade, despite rumours to the contrary. 