A GREAT TEMPTATION, ¶ CHAPTER XXXII. ¶ It was quite a novel sensation for Leonie to awake and feel that the coming day would be full of discomfort to her. She had been ac customed to rise with a glow of happiness at her heart-a sense of renewed gladness-a keen anticipation of coming happiness; but this morning her heart was oppressed with a heaviness as of lead, for two interviews were before her. First, she must meet the man she had defrauded, and meet him as her lover. Secondly, she must tell Sir Bertram that all his hopes were at an end. WVomnan-like, the more certain she grew of having to part from him, the deeper, truer, and more earn est became her love. When she stood before the mirror that morning she started back in sole fright. Was that the brilliant Lady Charnleigh-thispale faced girl, whose eyes were heavy and dim as with longwatclhing ? 'I must alter this,' she thought. ' Iam los ing all my beauty-my face is pale, my eyes are dim. I must make haste to be happy again.' It had not yet occurred to her thatby her own act she had wilfully cut herself off from all happiness, and that, though she might re gain her color and the light in her eyes, she would never more regain peace of heart or gayety of spirit. 'If Icould only remember the good things that remained to me,' she thought. 'I am Lady Charnleigh, mistressof CrownLeighton, and one of the wealthiest women in England. Am I to be haunted by a ghost,' she cried, with sudden passion-' a ghost who whispers to me every moment that what I havois not mine, but stolen from another 1 Let me for got that, and remember only tihe good that remains to me.' She went down to breakfast with a snatch of some sweet song on her lips; she laughed and talked as gayly as ever; she ridiculed her own over-fatigue, until Lady Fanshawe felt quite at ease about her. But Mliss Dacre was more than ever convinced that there was something seriously wrong with Lady Charnleigh. It was not yet noon when Paul Flemyng reached Crown Leighton, and despite her as sumed bravery Leonis's face grew perfectly colorless when she heard his nameannounced. 'Is he heie ?' she said, hastily. 'I will see him in the drawing-room.' 'Pray forgive me if I have not w-ited to know whore you would see me,' said Captain Flemyng, who had followed the servant closely. 'I was too impatient, Leonie-I could not wait.' They were quite alone in the pretty sunny apartment known as the morning room, and Captain Flemyng, his handsome face lit up with smiles, went up to her and took her hand. He did not notice that she shrunk from him, with a look in her eyes like that of a wounded animal driven to bay. 'How happy you have made me, Leonie,' he said. How proud I am l I ask myself what I have done that I should win a treasure so priceless as your love. How am I to repay you ?"'. His handsome head, was thrown back, his face all aglow with the light of love, yet soft ened by tenderness that made it beautiful as a woman's. He looked in that moment a lover of whom any woman mighthavebeenproud. brave, gallant, handsome, and noble, yet no such thought came to Lady Charnleigh. She shrunk from the eager eyes and tender words. ' That you should love me !' he said. ' IT seems so wonderful, Loonie. It is as though a.queen had stooped from her high estate to place a subject by her side. The sun in the summer skies seemed no further fromme than you, Leonieq.' Still she had no word for him, and.he look ed at the downcast, colorless face with some thing of wonder. He knew she was sensitive, and had not expseted rapture; but he had certainly loolked for something very differont from this. 'Leonio,' he said, 'why are you so silent ? Looking at you, sweet, so silent, so. sad, I could fancy you ihad been forced into accept ing me; and you know, all unworthy as I am, you have taken me of your own free will.' She raised her eyes to his face. 'I know that, Paul. I have nob been forced, as you call it.' 'I know that, darling.' She shrunk back at the word-it was one thalt Bertram had delighted in using to her; and it seeried such an infringement on his rights that she shrunk in pain. Then she sudderily remembered that he had no right over her, that no one living pos sessed any, except the young soldier by her side. ' Say I am welcome, Leonio,' he continued, with something like painin her voice. 'Say something kisnd to me, or I shall think the time that you gave me such unutterable happiness only came to me in a dream, after all. Thls~nshe roused herself. SOf course you are welcome, Paul. How strangely you word your ideas! And I--I will try to make you very happy.' It was quite enough to drive him beside Sliimswlfpwsith purest Joy. She did love him, anid slihe would be pleased to be his wife. Ho had thought her cold and reserved, but Sit was only maidenly modesty and sweet, gislish reserve, after all-nothing more. Hie tookl her'jewvelled hand in his. *My darling, my wife that is to be, I thank you for the gift of your love. I could not love you better. Mly heart, my mind, my stsrength, mny lifo itself, are all yojurs. I believe in you as I believe in Heaven. You have said you catre for me-you have pro mised to be my wife; and my faith is bound loss as the deep sea.' Thoe:passion of hIis words touched her with remorse. How all this love was wasted upon her I How little she deserved it I She had none for him. It is not in human nature to love that which we have injured, and she had injured him; she had robbed him of all that belonged to him, and now she found that she could not eventgive him love in re turn. It was in vain that she tried. He stood there in the place of the man she loved. For his sake she must part with Bertram. How was it possible to care for him ? And yet she had done him such a grievous wrong that her whole heart turned with infinite pity to him. 'Leonie,' said Paul Flemyng, 'are you quite sure you love me I Pray forgive me; you look so sad. A dreadful idea has just occurred to me-shall I tell you what it is I' ' I do not thinkl any idea of yours can be very dreadful,' she replied. ' Yes, tell me, Paul.' \- Are you quite sure, dear, that you have not consented to marry me from some quixotic notion of generosity-some idea that you will make up to me for having lost in otdor that you might gain I Surely, it is not so, Leonie I' The words stabbed her with sharpest pain. It is not so .' she cried. 'You are cruel to me, Paul. Why will you not believe that I love you ?' 'I will and do believe-only that you seom so sad, my darling- I would fain see you smiling, bright, happy.' I shall be happy in a few days. You do not realize how-' Then her voice faltered, and the words died on her lips. 'I do not realize how strange it is to love and be loved-perhaps not, darling, I love you all the more for your shy, sweet reserve. Now tell me--why do you wish to keep our engagement secret 1' ' It is only for a time,' she answered, wist fully-' and not unless you please, of course. But you know, Paul-I cannot help it others have cared for me as well as you.' A pleased light broke over his face. 'I understand perfectly, darling. I ap preciate your delicate consideration for others. It shall be just as you say--my happiness is purchased by another's pain. You accep: me, and reject some one else-is it so l' 'Yes,' she said, in a low voice. ' Wait at least three or four months before anything is said about it.' 'I will do anything on earth you wish, Leonie. See, I must have some visible sign -knIown only to myself-that you are mine. I have brought this ring--will you wear it for me'? It was my mother's. When she was dying she took it from her finger and gave it tome. Will you wear it for my sake, and for hers 1' She held out her hand to him, and he won dered that it should be so cold, that it should tremble; he placed the ring upon it, and then held it to his lips. ' Some day-I pray Heaven not far from now--I shall place another ring on this dear hand.' He wondered again that she turned from him with what seemed ashudder. Her eyes lingered on that ring; to her excited fancy it would not have seemed strange if it had suddenly changed into a living serpent, and had turned round hissing to sting her. It had belonged to the ' mother' whose son she had defrauded, whom she had robbed of his birthright. She could never look at it with out keen pain. 'Leonie,' said Captain Flemyng, 'although our engagement is to remain a profound se cret as yet, you will let me come over to see you often-you will write to me-you will not be cruel, and keep me ata cold distance, as though I were a stranger I' 'No, I will not do that,' she answered. 'And, after a few days, when the novelty of being engaged has worn off, you will be kintler to me than you are now s You will, perhaps, then lay your hands in mine, and say, ' I love you Paul, and will be your wife ' You have only written the words, Leonie; you have not said them.' I will say them now.' She clasped her white hands etogether, and laid them in his. ' I love you Paul, and I will be your wife.' But there was something of sadness in her voice, something he could not under stand in the expression of her downcast face. He said to himself that it was but girlish coyness-she wrould feel more at ease with him in time. CIAPTER XXXIII. ' HAS Captain Flemyng gone without coming to see us 1' said Miss Dacre. 'How strange!' She looked so disappointed that for the first timo it occurred to Leonio that Ethel loved the man she had just promised to marry. * How was it l' repeated Lady Fanshawe. SCaptain Flemyng always seems to enjoy an hour with us.' 'I do not know; he will come over again to-morrow. He inquired very -kindly after you.' Something in the words or the voice struckl Ethel Daeere, and she looked inquir ingly at her friend. "Leonie's face flushed under that quiet, calm scrutiny. ' Why do you look at me so strangely I' she cried, impatiently. 'I object to being looked at as though my thoughts lay bare, and every one could read them. I cannot help Captain Flemyng's abrupt departure; hoeprofessed himself unable to remain, soas a-matter of course I allowed him to go.' She did not tell.them that he had gone with tears in his eyes-tears of earnest, heart-felt happiness; and that he had told her he could not talk 'commonplaces' to othlor people after his interview with her. Lady Fanshawe raised her eyes in mild rebuke. t My dear Lady Charnleigh, if it were possible to imagine one so charming as your self could be pettisl, I should say you were inclined to be so' Leonie hastened to Ethel's side. \ Till you forgive me n I spoke without thinking. Have patience with me, Ethel--I am not very happy just now.' ' Will you not trust me and toll mo why 1' said Miss Dacre. 'I do not know why. Iam- out of spirits inclined to be cross not only withi every one else, but with myself also.' 'Sir Bertram Gordon,' announced the foot man, who had just received a parting vale from Captain Flemyng, and who, with a grim sense of humor, smiled at the situation. For one moment Leonie was inclined to give way. She had not expected him so sootn, looling as happy and bright as the morning itself, utterly unconscious of the doom that hlung over him. 'I have been counting the hours,' he said, in a lowvloice, to Leonie, 'and Ireally thought to-day would never come.' He looked so bright with thie untold glad ness of his heart, that Lady Fanshawe be thought herself of something that sequired attention in the housekeeper a's room. Sir Ber tram did not event hear the apology she made -he hlad no eyes or ears save for the lady of his love. Miss Daere tookl up a book and wandered away into the cool, pleasant fernery. - 'Sir Bertram looks as thouagh he did not wait me,' she thoutght, with a smile. The fernery was very pleasant, and the ferns looled cool and refreshing; the waters fell with a soft ripple, thie air was laden with sweet subtile odors. MIiss Darco sat dowwn with her book, but she turned no page in it. A sudden chill had come over her. Why should Lady Charnleigh look and speak so strangely 1 Could it be possible that cared for Paul Flemyng ? 'It cannot be possible,' she said to herself. 'If there be any truth in lookl and actions, she loves 3Berts'am Gordon.' To the plash of the falling waters she wove sweet bright fancies of lher own--of the day when tL.is hero, this princ among men, would seeock her with loving words, and woo her to be his-bright dainty fancies of a life that would be spent in ministereing to him, in loolking up to him as the flowers look up to the sun. Wrould it ever he so I She had loved him so long, so faithfully, that it seem ed to her her love must meet with some re turn--that the very force of her o'wn affection nmust win something from himn. On the nigiht of the ball hie had held her hand in his, and had spoken so kindly to her that the girl's heart had ove flowed withl delight The music of that falling water, tihe breath of tlhat warm sweet wind, helped to fill her mind with fancies melodious and sweet as themselves. 'Leosnie,' repeated Sir Bertram, ' I thought to-day would never come. I have counted the minutes anid the hours, yet I have had hope. You have not been trilling with me I' She stood before him, her colorless face drooping from his sight, her hands trembling in his strong grasp. ' I want your answer,' lie said, bonding his handsome Saxon head over the white hands and kissing them. 'I asked you to be my wife, and you told me to come to-day for theo reply.' 'Let us go out,' she said, with a strange I stifled gasp; '1 cannot speak-I cannot breathe hore' A sense of horrible pain had almost mastered her. How was she to tell him they I must part when she loved him so dearly that she would have given her life for him i How could she inflict this anguish upon him when she knew that his life was wrapped up 1 in hers ? Silently she passed through the long open I window, over the green lawn, where great 1 clusters of scarlet verbena shone in the sun shine, past the great sheaves of white lilies I and the fragrant roses, past the tall chestnuts, i until she came to the grove of blossoming limes. Their tall branches met overhead, and I formed a deep shade. The sunshine came through the dense green foliage with a mel lowed light such as is seen in:the dim cathe dral aisles The turf was thick and velvety; the banks were covered with wild thyme; the whole place was lovely as a fairies' glade. A fallen tree, over which scarlet creepers had grown, lay half across the path, and on it Lonice sat down, raising her beautiful face to the rippling foliage above her head, then sud denly hiding it in her hands. She had no right even to look at the smiling heavens she who had stolen an inheritance, and was about to barter her love for it. ' I could not breathe in those warm rooms,' she said. 'How quiet and beautiful it is here i' ' Leonie,' said Sir Bertram, earnestly,' I am sure that you are no coquette; and you cannot help having many lovers-all fair women are so much admired. You are no flirt -you would not lead a man on by kind words and kind smiles until his heart lay under your feet, and then trample upon it.' ' No, I would not do that,' she answered, with white set lips. 'And yet, darling, do you know that I am growing frightened ? Ifancied your little pro bation was but to try me. I have never looked at itseriously. I believed that when I came to you to-day you would be all smiles, all sweetness, all gladness. Yet, Leonie, your face is turned from me-you have no word for me. What does it mean ? Remember, darling, though I ask the question, I do not doubt you.' His generous trust, his devoted love, smote her as no pain could have done. She had to take this noble heart in her hands, and breakle it; no wonder that her strength failed her, and that, with a long, shuddering sigh, she turned away, burying her face in her hands. The next moment he was kneeling by her side, his noble face full of deepest anxiety. 'Leonie, what is the matter ? What has changed you so utterly I My darling, where have all your brightness, all your gay spirits gone. Let me look at that dear face.' He raised it in his hands, and cried out, in surprise, when he saw it. ' Where is your color ? Yourlips are white as these wild strawberry blossoms. Years, sorrow, and pain have passed oves you-what is it, Leonie. Haves no fear-tell me all.' ' I hate to inflict pain,' she said, hoarsely, 'and I know that I must pain you.' 'Why, my darling ? I do not see the need.' Her courage and self-command broke bown all at once. 'I cannot marry you Bertram-Ican never be your wife, and it hurts me to tell you so.' His face grew very white, and a stern angry light came into his eyes 'Repeat those words, Leonie i Mny senses must surely have played me false-snot you!' 'I can never be your wife, Bertram; do not be angry with me. If you turn from me in anger, Ishall die.' 'You can never marry mil Leonie ! Am I dreamning, or are you I Doyou know that you had almost given yourpromise I Do you kInow, although you have not said the word, yet that you pledged yourself over and over again with the pledges which a true and loyal woman cousiders as sacred and as binding as an oath I' ' I kuiow,' she said, raising her white, de spairing face to his;' but I cannot marry you -I cannot be your wife.' 'Will you tell me why ?I he asked,.and a gleam of hope came to him-it might only be some girlish fancy, after all. ' I cannot tell you that,' she repeated, with the same quiet despuir. ' Do you know what you are doing to me, Leonie I Ycu are killing mel I You would be ten thousand times more merciful if you stabbed me, and let me dio at once. Do you know that I cannot live without you ? Heaven help me, I cannot. Mly love and my life are so twined together that if one goes the other goes She made him no answer, but sat as though her white face was turned to stone. You are only trying me, Leonie-you cannot mean it. You want to see how dearly I love you. 0, my love, my love, it is a cruel jest !' 'It is ino jest,' Said the gil, ' it is sad, sober earnest truth,' 'But, Leonie, you love me. I am not vain, but-darling, I am not blind- you love me. I have seen the light come over your face that has gone for no one but me You have told me in a hundred different ways, without words, that you love me.' 'Yes,' she repeated, slowly-' Heaven pity me I--I love y;ou.' 'You do ' he cried. And before she could speak he had clasped her in his arms and kissed her trembling lips. 'You love me ! O Leonie, if that be true, what shall part us I' Then she knew in admitting the fact of her love she had made a terrible mistake one she knew not how to remedy. Tell me,' he cried again, ' if you love me, Lconie, what in the wide world can part us ?' She locked at him, her lips trembled, but from them came no word. OHAPTER XXXIV. 'I must know the truth,' said Sir Bertram, in a clear, firm voice. 'You owe it to me. What am I to think of you, when you own that you love, yet refuse to marry me 1' 'You must think as you will,' she replied, despairingly; 'I can only repeat my words, that never, while the sun shines and the birds sing, can I be your wife.' 'Did you know this when'you lured me on to love you-when you stole my heart from me by the witchery of your beauty when you let me speak to you of love, and did not chide me Did you know this then 1' No reply-but the beautiful face grew more ghastly in its pallor. He grasped her wrist, and held it as in a vice. 'Answer me,' he said, and his voice was not pleasant to hear, 'did you know this then 1' 'No,' she replied, 'I did not, Bertram.' 'Oh, Leonie, be frank, my love deserves it. If there be any difficulty, tell it to me, I can perhaps remove it. Trust me; for I trust you. I have no secrets from you, my love. Who would he so loyal, so true to you, as I would be I' 'I have nothing to tell you,' murmured the white rigid lips, 'except that I can never mlarry you.' Hot anger f hshed in his face. For a few moments 'e lost sight of his outraged love. ' Tell me one, thing. more, Lady Charn. leigh I have a right to ask for it-the Sright of a man who has been duped and 'dceived. You say that you cannot marry me. Pray niay I ask are you going to [ marry anyone else I' There was silence for a few minutes; the I wind whispered amongst the blossoming limes; the harebells seemed to ring out 1 faint, sweet notes in the wind; then, clear I and even, her answer came- 'I know you will hate me, Bertram-I t have promised to marry someone else.' ' I am answered,' he said, bitterly. ' You, 1 Leonie, whom only one short hour since, I 1 looked upon as the. very flower and pearl of I womanhood-you whom I thought more t pure than a lily, loyal and true as the angels i in Heaven-you tell me deliberately that ( you love me, but have pl:omised to.marry i another 1' ' Have pity on me, Bertram I I have been sorely tried. ' There is no pity for you,' he cried, indig nantly. ' You are false-false to me, whom you have pretended to love-false to him whom you have promised to marry. I ap peal to Heaven against you J' he continued, 1 ' You have done me the most cruel wrong I that woman can do to man-you have lured 1 me by false words, false looks. You have i deceived me-you have betrayed me. I denounce you for being as false and cruel as i you are fair. A merciful Heaven keep me from losing my reason I I fear I am going mad !' He flung himself on the turf with a ter rible cry; a strong man, in his agony he sobbed aloud, for the anguish of his loss was full upon him She sat quietand motionless, until she could bear the sight of that pros trate figure no longer. Then there came to her a good impulse-to kneel down there by his side and tell him all the truth; poverty, privation-anything would be better than the knowledge or sight of that terrible pain. And yet if she confessed to him she would lose all. She rose at last and bent over him. ' Bertram,' she said, ' will you forgive mel' She never forgot the face raised to hers ' Yes,' he replied, ' I will forgive you as Heaven forgives those who ask for its for giveness. I will forgive you the most cruel treachery ever practised on mortal man. I will not leave you in enmity, for I shall never look upon. your, face again, Lady Charnleigh-never again.' ' You will not go away 1' she pleaded, wist fully. 'You will remain here, and, in the the years to come, be my friend ?' 'How cruel-how selfish you beautiful women are,' he cried. ' No, I shall not re main here, Lady Charnleigh ; I shall go far away into the outer world, where your face will not haunt me.' She clung to him, pleading, trembling. 'Do not leave me, Bertram-do not go. How shall I live-dear Heaven !-how shall I live without you I' ' You should have thought of that before,' he replied. ' Why should I remain near you t Rather let me go, and forget that one so fair and false over lured my heart from me. I shall bid you farewell for ever, Lady Charn leigh.' 'She was weeping so bitterly that in sheer pity he unclasped the hands that held his arm so tightly, and placed her on the moss-covered fallen tree. ' I will say good-bye forever. Let me look once more at the eyes I thought all truth, at the lips I thought all sweetness, at the face I thought all beauty, at the woman whom I believed to be; as noble as she is beautiful, but whom I find false. Farewell. sweet face You will haunt me until I die! Farewell, my lost love--inmy fair false love! Farewell mylove forever.' "There was but one course for him, and that was to go abroad--to plunge at once into the midst of activity, confusion and excitement. His brain reeled, his head burned, his heart beat'vithi great irregular throbs; he dared not stop to look his sorrow in the face. She was false to him-she had lured him on, yet had never intended to marry him-she had deceived him That one palpable fact darkened the face of the summer heavens for him - threw a funeral pall over the fair, smiling earth-gave him a loathing for life too great for woids Stern, angry pride kept him from giving way to despair. He was indignant, with the wounded pride of a man who. has trusted in vain. His resolve was taken even as he walk ed home from Crown Leighton. He would never see it more, never again look in the face of its mistress, but go far away, where his sorrow and his love would be hidden from the eyes of men. He kept to his resolve. When he reached Weildon, Captain Flemyng made many in quiries as to his sudden determination; he re ceived the most abruptranswers. Sir Bertram would say nothing but that he had received a sudden summons to go abroad, and could not delay. At first Captain Flemyng was amazed, and then a glimmer of the truth dawned upon him. 'Leonie has rejected him,' he said, 'and it is for his sake-to save him pain-that she wishes our engagement to be kept a secret' That conviction made him very kind and considerate to Sir Bertram. He assisted him in his preparations-he drove him to the sta tion-he begged of him to write. 'I cannot promise,' replied Sir Bertram. ' A great sorrow has come to me, and it has unmanned me If in after years I can live it down, I will write-to you. If you never hear from me again, you will know that my sorrow can never die.' Long after he had gone those words haunted Paul. ' It seems very strange,' he thought, 'that love should cause so much misery, One fair face breaks many hearts.' He waited long weeks and months for news of his friend, but none came, and Captain Flemyng knew then that he had not lived his sorrow down.. CHAPTER XXXV. Life came back with a shoc to the young girl who lay so hopeless and despairing amongst the wild flowers; her lips parted with a deep drawn sigh, her eyes opened to light, and then they closed in weariness of spirit too great for words. He was gone-he had bidden her farewell forever; nothing could pain her after that, nothing could please her. She rose and looked round her; the harebells where she had fallen were crushed and broken. She raised one or two of them in her hands, and looked wist fully at the broken stems. ' I need not have crushed you,' she said, 'even if I was crushed myself. How much I must have suffered to fall senseless there. How dearly I must love Crown Leighton, and all.bolonging to it, when I am willing to sin so deeply and suffer so terribly in order to keep it!' Then she walked slowly home. It .was all over; she had taken the irrevocable step; nothing could bring Bertram back to her again. Even should some sudden impulse of contrition seize her and urge her to confess, it would not bring him back; lihe was lost to her. She had nothing to live for now save pleasure, brilliant gaiety, the queonship of fashion. She had willfully given up all the higher and nobler duties of life; they were as nothing to her in comparison with hidr love of luxu y and magnificence. 'I must not complain,' said the girl to her self; and yet, though she loved her surround ings so dearly, they were as nothing in com-1 parison with what she lhad lost. She had that which her souli loved best, but at present it brought hern.>thingsave what was wearisome. She fancied that in a few days she would be happier-when she had forgotten the recent terrible shock. The finding of the will, the losing of Sir Bertram--these two things had come so quickly one after the other that she had had no time to strengthen herself. She planned to herself, as she went home, how she would give another fete more brilliant, more magnificent than the last; she tried to engage her whole fancy in thinking what she should do to give the entertainment greater eclat; and yet be neath all the bright fancies rose the dark remembrance that he would not be there. What would a fete be worth that he did not share ? Of what interest would all the dis play of her magnificence be if he were not by to see I She wondered at the change that seemed to have fallen over everything, there seemed to be no more light in the sunshine-no more beauty in the flowers She had loved the lilies and the roses so well that she had seldom passed them without a little caress ing touch; she passed them now with averted face-they only reminded her of that which now she must forever forget. ' Do let us find something amusing,' she said, when a few hours later, she and her two friends were alone in the drawing-room, ' I amn getting tired of this quiet existence, auntie; we must go to Paris, or Italy, or some other place where a little of what is called 'life ' can be seen.' ' What fever of unrest is upon you, Lady Charnleigh ?' asked Miss Dacre. 'It is not any hours since you were queen of the most brilliant scene I ever witnessed, and now you complain of wanting something to amuse you.' 'I like continual excitement Ethel; I should likle every moment of my days so fully occupied as not to leave one second for quiet or leisure There is nothing so tiresome as feeling time hang heavy on one's hands.' 'That is not a very healthy frame of mind, Leonie,' sid Lady Fanshawe. 'Con tinued excitement is like fever.' It would suit me,' she returned. What could rest and leisure bring her 1 Nothing but time for reflection, and that she did not want. So a few days passed. She haed to listen to all the often expressed wonder of her two companions as to why Sir Bertram never came. She had to sit, with a smile on her face, at Lady Thornbury's dinner-party, while Major Shelton told how their visitor, Sir Bertram, had left them suddenly, and lhad gone, it was believed to Egypt. It seemed to her that the' wondering comments would never end. She was obliged to listen and to join them with a pain at her heart so sharp, so keen that it was with difficulty she could refrain from crying aloud in her anguish. ' You did not tell me that Sir Bertramn was going,' said Mliss Dacre to Leonie on the first occasion that she found herself alone with her. ' You might have trusted me so far. I can imagine why he hasgone. Oh, Leonie, I thonghtyou loved him!' 'Did you I' she returned carelessly. 'I am not a fit being for loving, Ethel. iMy heart is cold and hard as a nether millstone Sir Bertram is gone--he will never come back-and I do not wish to hear his name mentioned anymore. Will you bear that in nmind ..Tlhe.greatest kindness you can show me is never to mention his name in my presence.' 'I will remember, said Mliss Dacre. Her fair face grew very pale. She understood. Lady Charnleigh had refused Sir Bertram, anrd did not care to be reminded of the pain it had cost her 'I was so sure that she loved him,' thought Ethel. 'I cannot be mis taklen. She lieas shown her preference for him in a hundred diftereint ways. Can it to possible that she likes Paul Flemyng better I' She was soon to know the truth. She had agreed to keep the engagement a profound secret, but Paul betrayed it at every moment; it wais not Iold in words butin actions-there was anr air of proprietorship about him when he spoke to Leonie, or of her, that betrayed thre truth. STire day came whenEthel Dacre was certain Sof it. She entered the library suddenly one morning and saw Paulr Flemyng kissing Leo r le's hand. For one half moment she stood paralyzed-the certainty of her forebodings rushed upon lier-she knew Lady Charnleighi so well. With all liher gaiety and her graceful laughing manner, there was about her a dig Snified reserve that was never broken through. I She would not have allowed Paul Flemynrg Sto kIiss her hand unless he had a right to do so. One morning, Leonie, having a small draw Sing to finish, had her table placed in the deep bay-window of the library. She drew thie rich hangings so as to shut out the room from her 1 sight, lest ;t should distract her; she opened Sthe long window, so that the perfumed air might enter; then seated herself at the little table anid soon became engrossed in her work. Before long Ethel Dacre entered, and wrent a up to one of the book shelves-she was look t ing apparently for some book that she was doubtfuil where to find; before Leonie had Stime to speakl, Paul Flemyng entered. 'Is Lady Charnleigh here ?' he asked; and i Ethel, never thinking of the bay-window an· swered 'No.' Lconielaughed to herself; it was purely from a spirit of girlish mischief that she did not speak. 'If Paul wauts me,' she said to herself, 'let him search a little longer.' ' I cannot find her,' he observed disconso lately; and Miss Dacro laughed a little con strained laugh at his piteous face. 'I thirlnkl,' she said gently, 'that you have found her in the true sense of the word.' Paul's face flushed: ' You were always like a sister to me, Ethel -the dearest and Iindest of sisters ;I can tell you only this mucsh-- hat I am, without ex ception, the happiest man in the world.' 'Although you have lost Crown Leightonl' shle interrupted. ' I had forgotten that there was ever any chance of my having it,' he said. It is in better hands, Ethel. I never even think of it now.' While he was speaking he had taken from a vase that stood on a little stand near him a beautiful spray of Cape jasmine; he looked at it, and then in the earnestness of his words began topull the leaves one from the other; finally he dropped it, and it lay unnoticed on thie floor. 'Where do you think I shall find Lady Charnleigh 1' he asked. ' Inii the grounds most probably,' replied Ethel; ' she has a personal acquaintance with eovery flower that grows.' Hie went laughing out of the room. 'Let him lookl for me,' said Leonie to her self; 'nothing does a man so much good as waiting for anything he wants.' She wias just going to tell Ethel that slse had overhiearM the few words spolten, when the sound of passionate Weepling fell upon her ears. Looking out, she saw Ethel Daicro kneel Sing on tile ground where Paul lhad stood, her Sface buried in her hands; convulsive sobs shook her whole frame-she had taken the flower lie had dropped as though it had boon some cherished relic. ' Ie loves her,' she sobbcd-' he loves her, and he will never care for me! I wouldgive my life for him, but he will never care for me !' When Leonio heard these words, she laid down her pencils, and stole quietly out through the open window. Not for the world would she have listened to words never in tended for mortal ears-she would not have intruded on sorrow that was sacred, and grief tlhat in itself was holy. She went out where the sun shone brightly on the flowers feeling mnore unhappy than she had been yet. This, then, was the secret of Ethel's life this was why she looked sad and wistful why the expression of her beautiful spirituel face recalled that of Elaine in the picture. She loved Paul Flemyng with all the strength of her heart, and he kItnew nothing of it. SSin spreads like a ripple on a clear pool,' she said to herself; 'where will the conse quences of mine end ? I marred the life of the only man I can ever love, and now I stand between this girl and her happiness. Ah me ! I pay a bitter price for being called Lady Charnleigh.' TO OE CONTINUED. 