HIS ROYAL REVERENCE KAISER WILLIAM PREACHES A SERMON INTERESTING DELIVERANCE I1Y TIU3 ltOYAL TEACUER, ITS FULL TEXT. In tho "London Dally News" ot Uio 14th of Ausuit Is given tho full text of tho twrmon preachnd a few days previously by the Kaiser WUhelm, ot Germany, on board his yncht, the Hohcnzotlcrn, as pub lished in the ."Kreuzzoituns." His wajesty saw:— "Seventh Sunday after Trinity. The Grace of Ouc Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and tho fellowship of the Holy Ghost, be with iw all evermore. Amen. Text. 17Ui chapter of Exodus and the tlth verse: 'And It came to pass, when Moses held up bis hand, that Israel pre vailed, and when he let down his hand Anulck prevailed.' Amen. It Is a most Impressive picture that our text to-day brings before. our souls. Israel wanders through the desert from Ihe Red Sea to Mount . Sinai. Biit suddenly the heathen AmaJekites stop thcm.'and want to pro- vent their advance, and a battle ensues. Joshua leads the young men ot Israel to the fight, the swords clash together, and a hot and bloody struggle begins In the valley of Rephidem. But, see! whilst the fight is going on. the ploua men of God- Moses. Aaron, and Hur— go to the top of the hill. They lift up their hands to Heaven: they pray. Down in the valley the fighting hosts— at the top of .the moun tain the praying men,. This lit the holy battle-picture of our text. Who does not understand to-day what U tells us? Again a heathenish AmnJekite spirit has stirred in distant Asia with great power and much cunning. By burning and .murder It la sought to prevent the entrance of European trade and European genius, the trlmuphal march of Christian morals and Christian faith. And again the command of God has been Issued. 'Choose us out men, and go out. fight with Amalek.' A hot and Woody struggle has begun. Many of our brothers stand already yonder un der fire, many are on their way to the enemy's coasts, and you have seen thonv the thousands who at the call. 'Volunteers to tho fore! Who will be the guardian of the Empire?' now assemble, to enter the fight with Hying colors. But you, who remain behind at home, who are bound by other eacred duties, say, do you not hear God's call, which he makes to you and which says to you, "Go up on the mountains, raise up thy hands to the heavens.' The prayer of the Jusl can do much, if It is In earnest. "Thus let It be. Yonder, far away, the hosts of fighters: here at home the hosts of praying men. May this be the holy battle- picture also of our days. May this peaceful morning hour remind us — may It remind us of the sacred duty ot in tercession.' of the sacred power of Inter cession. The sacred duty of Intercession. Certainly It Is an enthusiastic, moment when a ship with the young men on bourd weighs anchor. Did you not see the war riors' eyes flash? Did you not hear their many-voiced hurrahs? But when the .native shores vanish, when one enters the glowing heat of the Red Sea or the heavy waters of the ocean, how eosliybrlghtncss and enthusiasm grow wean! Certainly it Is a sublime moment when, after a long voyage In the distance, the straight lines of the German forts can be seen, and the black, white and red flags of the German colony become visible, and comrades In arms stand on the shore waiting to give a hearty reception. But the long marches in a burning sun,tlielongnightsofbivouucln the rain! How easily galetf und strength vanish. Certainly it Is a, longed-for moment when at last the drums beat to the charge, and the bugles nre blown to advance, when a command is given, 'For ward at the enemy!' But then, when amid the roar of the guns and the flashing of the shells comrades fall to the right aud left, and hostile batteries still refuso to yield— how easily tho bravest heart then begins to tremble! "Christians, in order that our brothers over yonder may remain gay even In tho greatest distress, faithful In tho most painful duty, courageous in tho greatest danger, they want something mora than ammunition and sharp weapons, t more also than youthful courage and flery .en thusiasm. They want a blessing from above, vital power from above, otherwise they cannot win and remain victorious. And the heavenly world only opens to prayer. ' Prayer is the golden key to the treasury of God. But he who has it has also the promise that to him who asks shall bo given. Or shall we remain Idle? Woe to us if we arc Idle whilst they are carrying on n hard and bloody piece of work.woe to us If we only look on curious ly at the grent sight whilst they wrestle In a fierce death struggle. This would be Cain's spirit with the cruel words. 'Am I my brother's keeper?' This., would be unfaithfulness towards our brave brothers who are stoking their lives. Never. We will mobilise not only bat talions of warriors, but also a holy force of praying men. Yes. How much there is to ask for our brothers going Into the field. They are to be the strongarm which punishes assassins. They nre to be the mailed fist which strikes in amongst them. They are to stand up with the sword in their hands for our most sacred poses- slons. So we will accompany them with our prayers, out on to the heaving waves, on their marches. Into the roar of the battle, and Into the pencefulncss of the hospitals: will pray to God that they may stand at their post like men, that they may fight their battles courageously and heroically, that they may bear their wounds bravely and calmly, that God may give those who die under fire a blessed end and the reward of faithful- nCga_fn short, that He may make the warriors heroes and the' heroes victors, and then bring them home to the land of their fathom with the laurels round their puggarees and the medals on their ' breusts. "Or do wo -perhaps not believe In the sacred power of intercession? Well, then, what docs our text say? 'And it came to pass, when Moses held Up his hand, that Israel prevailed. Tho ear nest prayers of a Moses made tho swords of the enemy blunt. They pushed themselves like a wedge between tho enemy's lines, made them waver, and brought victory to the flying, banners of Israel.' Should not our prayers be able to do what tho prayers of Moses j did? God. has not taken back one syl lable of His promise; heartfelt prayer can still to-day cast down the dragon banner Into the dust and plant the ban ner of the Cross on the walls. And Moses does not stand alone with his In tercession. Look yonder: there on the heights of Sodom stands Abraham In terceding before his God, and with his prayers he prays Lot out of the burning city. And should not our prayers suc ceed in .praying our fighting comrades out of the fire of tho battles ? Look yonder. There in Jerusalem lies the young Christian community on Its knees. Their loader, their father, lies imprisoned in a dungeon, and see, with their prayers they summon the Angel of God into the prison, and lie leads forth Peter unharmed. And our prayers: should not they have the pow er even to-day to burst the doors of the oppressed prisoners and the persecuted, and to place an angel at their side? Yes, the God of old still lives, the great Ally rules still, the Holy God, who cannot let Bin and acts ot violence triumph, but will carry on His holy cause against an. unholy people: the Almighty God Who can shatter the strongest .walls as' It they were spiders' webs, and Who can disperse the greatest crowdsrllke-henps'- of sand: tbc merciful, faithful God Whose fatherly' heart looks after the well-being of His children. Who hears every sigh, and Who sympathises with every distress. Pious prayers open His fatherly hands, and they are filled with blessing. Earnest prayer open His fatherly heart, and He Is full of love. Yes, true continuous prayer fetches the living God down from Heaven, and places Him in our midst. And if God is for us. who shall be against us? "Up. in the Tauern there hong strange bells on the heights. No man's hand rings them. StiU and dumb they hang In the sunshine. But when the storm winds blow they begin to swing nnd com mence to ring, and deep down in the val ley their song Is heard. God the Lord has hung tho prayer-bell In every man's heart. But In sunshine and happiness how often It hangs still and dumb. But when the stormy winds of distress break forth then it beclns to ring. IIow many ; a comrade who has forgotten how to pray will out yonder In tho fight for life or death fold his hands again! Distress tenches us to pray. And so. shall it also : be at-home. Let the serious days which have come upon us, let the war storm which has come on. set the bolls ringing again. Let us pray for our fighting bro thers. Not only how and then In a solemn hour. No. no, let us be true In prayer. As our fathers once in war times rang the bells every evening and bared their heads at the sound and prayed, so also let us not forget Intercession for a day. Moses held Up his hands till the going down of the sun, and Joshua discomfited "Amalek and his people with the edge of the sword.' Our fight is not brought to an end in one day. But don't let the hands become tired or Idle till victory has been gained. Let our prayers be n fiery wall around the camp of our brothers. How the thought will strengthen them, make them enthus iastic. and excite them, that thousands, nay, millions, nt home bear them in their praying hearts! The King of all kings cnllS Volunteers to the fore. "Who will be the praying one for the Empire? Oh, if one could only say here: 'The King cal led, and nil— all came.' Not one of us must be wanting. History will one day describe the fights of . these days. But man only sees what he has before him: he can only ray what the wisdom of the leaders, the courage of the troops, the sharpness of the weapons have done. But eternity will some time reveal stUl more- It will show how the secret prayers of the believers were a great power In these fights, how the old promise is again fulfil led. 'Then they cry unto the Lord In their trouble, and he savetli them out of their distress.' And thus, keep to prayer. Amen.' "Almighty God, dear Heavenly Father, Thou Lord of hosts and Ruler of battles, we rafce praying, our hands to Thoo. On Thy heart we lay the thousands ot bro- thers-ln-urms, whom Thou Thyself host called to battle. Protect with Thy Al mighty protection the breasts of our sons. Lend our men to victory. On Thy heart we lay the wounded and sick. Be Thou their comfort nnd their strength, and heal their wounds which they receive for King and Fatherland. On Thy heart we lay all these whom Thou host ordained to die on the field of battle. Stand by them in the Inst straggle, and give them everlasting peace. On Thy heart we lay our people. Preserve, sanctify, increase the enthu siasm with which we nre now all imbued. Lord our God, we trust in Thee. Lend Thou us in the battle. We boast, Lord, that Thou wilt help up and in thy name wo unroll the banner. Lord wo will not leave Thee, then wlU Thou bless us. Amen." The Emperor concluded with the Lord's Prayer ami ihe Benediction. 