THE Hawksworth Mystery, OR "Iffore Sinned Against Than Sinning," BY M. E, O'Malen. CHAPTER II. (Continued). lady neil, Lady Nell's maid was watting at the top of the Btatrs to conduct Dr. Fraser to her mistress's room, and Saunders handed him over to her. Dr. Frazer had often heard SirWalter refer to this maid as an " invaluable creature," and land her quiet cleverness, bat he had never seen her before. How ever, having heard her so be- praised he took a good look at her. She waa one of those fawn colored women with com plexion and hair of the same neutral tlut. Sho had amall eyas of pale grey, vith scanty light eye lashes, and would have given the impression of Insignifi cance to a casaal observer. But Dr. Frezsi was not a casual obser ver. On the contrary, he was an acute physiognomist, and the square chin, and long, level, colorless lips,, gave him the idea of strength of character, and calm tenacity of purpose. " Having seen her he conld quite realise that she was, very clever. He found it more difficult to believe that she was good. She guided him a few etepB along the landing, and then, to his surprise, she turned round, and said wistfully — "Yon will be careful with her lady ship, air ; won't yon 1 She Is in a very nervonB, exhausted state. I begged her not to see you until she waB more com posed, bnt she would not listen to me." " It may quiet her to speak If she has something on her mind." "She has nothing on her mind, said Daiues promptly. It Isn't that." " What then 1" j "It's jast the trouble and pain and uncertainty. Her ladyship is very sensi tive, and Bho thinks she will be pointed at, and talked abont . in the whole country — If yon conld just comfort her about that — " she added imploringly, " It would be great blessing. I can't do any thing with her, because she thinks I don't know." Sho did not wait for his answer, bat tamed again and went on. It was evi dent she had not been'told to look upon him as her mistress's enemy, since she asked him to perform a friend's office. Dr. Frszer felt an almost feminine curio sity as to what would happen next. Balnea knocked, bnt, without waiting for pormiaslon, she went In, motioning her companion to follow. Lndy Nell was lying on the bed, her head in a perfect langle of black hair, which swept over the pillow, and formed a eombre frame for her white face. She opened her heavy-lidded dark eyes as Dr. Frazer approached, and looked at him steadily as Bhe pointed to a cbalr close beside the bed. Balnea, who had evidently had her orders, slipped away, and left them alone, " I wanted to see you at once," she said, In a firm, but low voice. ".Yon were my husband's friend, although you never liked me " He Interrupted her promptly. " I don't know what I have ever done or said to justify such a statement as that, Lady Nell." " I am not a fool," she retorted. " I knew the momont I was Introduced to yon what I had to expect— secret hos tility and criticism. Perhaps you were jealous — men have this little weakness, I believe, as well as ourselves, and thought that my Influence would weaken yourB." "I never thought anything of the kind," he responded, rather brusquely. "On the contrary, I looked to find a friend In my friend's wife." "And your friend's wife was anxious to make a friend of you If you would have allowed her to do so.'' "I am not aware that I offered any opposition to her plan." "The opposition was In your eyes, your voloa, a dozen ways of which yon were, perhaps, unsoonscious yourself, Dr. Frszer. But a woman has quick intui tions, and I understood." " A woman's intuitions are not always to be relied on, Lady Noll." " Mine were — deny, it if you can." Dr. Frazer was silent. " Yon aeo," she cited, with a sort of bitter triumph. "You havo not the courage to lie. I was prejudged, and whatever I did or said was looked npon with a jaundiced eye. I am Bare you thluk now that I havo made away with my husband in some mysterious way, and yet I swear to you, by my hopes of Hea ven, that I had np more Idea my husband was not lying dead In that coffin than a child nnboxn." There was a sort of fierce sincerity In her way of speaking which almost con vinced him In spite of himself. She had lifted herself on her elbow the better to give emphasis to her words, and her eyes were bllndlngly bright as they flashed fall Into hlB — as if they wonld force him to believe her. Her next words stag gered him more than ever. " I am going to have tho matter sifted thoroughly. Oan't we work together ? I have sent to the Superintendent of Police already, and If you would see him when ho comes——" " I shall not he here, my lady." " Bat couldn't yon stay ?" she asked, wistfully. " He would think more of what you said " "Not If I was speaking In someone else's name," he replied, with decision ; " or, In any case, yon wonld have far more authority in snch a matter than myself, not only on acconnt of your posi tion, but because you are Walter's wife or widow." She pressed her hands tightly together with a despairing gesture. " I have not the courage for all that," she said. "I would give gladly every farthing I possess to solve tho mystery, but I want to keep iu the background all the while " " Under the circumstances that wonld be Impossible." " Not if you were my deputy, surely. It is you who have brought about this em- brogllo, and you were willing enough to take the lead th6n, without my sanction ; now I ask you to contlnne it as a favor to me, you have no right to refuse. The task is beyond my strength, and yon must have foreseen, and been prepared for the position I ask you to -take, be cause you did not certainly expeot my assistance — rather my opposition, I fancy." That waB qnlte true, but he had not counted npon her making the discovery, and was a little taken aback. She saw this, for her eyes were sb keen aB hand some, and poshed her advantage still further. "You can't free other people's hands and then assume the role of a mere looker on yourself, Dr. Frazer. My hus band's friend is bound to be my ally, not my enemy. I leave yon fall authority, pecuniarily and otherwise. Spend what you like, do what you like, only let me be passive." " That la not the position for you to take, Lady Nell." " It ia the only one I have the strength for at any rate. I am already completely prostrated, as you must see, and I am not a person to sham more than I feels On the contrary, I have always prided myself firmness and stoicism, and am mortified and humiliated myself to see what a poor pretence It was. Could tne weakest woman you know behave mItm n am behaving now 1" Of coarse the position is a vory try- tag one tor you," Dr. Frazer said more gently than he had yet spoken, \- , ryiD£— it la killing," she answered with passionate earnestness. " What am father ?'' th by when ho a8k" fot hl" " Say candidly that you do not know where he Is, Lady Noil ; but you hope he may come back one day." Then 1 Bhould tell hira a falsehood. li.. ' .T aha11 never Bee him again on this side of the grave. He must be dead, or he would aevbr have Basil and myself In anch a painful poaitlon as this. He may have no choice In the matter." " Do you think he could have beon spirited away out of this house without anyone knowing ? ' Bhe asked. " Nothing la Impossible, and one hears every day of such extraordinary things ' There came a knock at the door before he could add more, and Balnea stole softly in, giving Dr. Frazer a Bwift, penetrating, half roBenlfal glance as she approached the bed. If she bad been different yon might have thought she was jealous of his presence there; bnt that was not tenable under the circumstances. She stopped at the foot of the bod, and said in a dnll, formal tone — "The Superintendent of Police Is waiting below, my lady." "Very well, Dr. Frazar will see him — and yon can stay with me, BalneB." Decidedly Lady Neil had forced his hand thlB time, .for, though he had not settled to go, he went. CHAPTER III. 1hk l'olice investigation. The Superintendent of Police at Hawksworth was a middle-aged man, with a grizzled board and hair, keen grey eyes, and a square, determined jaw. Those who were slightly acquainted with him thought him hard, but those who knew him well deolared that his gruff manner waa assumod, and he had a kind, even a tender heart. "See him with sick people, or little children," they said — " he's qnlte gentle enough then." Dr. Frazar knew this side of his cha racter, as he had attended his wife, and had seen him at her sick-bed, whilst he had never' outraged the law, and moved him to righteous severity, so that they were on pleasant terms. He made him sit down, and explained the situation to him briefly, bnt clearly. . " Well, air ; this beats everything that has come within my experience," Har rison said. " I was going off to the ohurchyard, when I heard there wasn't to be a funeral, and conld mako nothing of It." ' I don't wonder — It is most extraor dinary. How a man of Sir Walter's position can disappear off the face of the earth In thla way, leaving no trace, seems lnoredible." "And yet It has happenod before — with noble lords as well as poorer folks, Blr. Was he mad, do you think I" "I have known him for years, and never saw a sign of It." " And, yet, It seems to mo wherever he haB gone — if he has gone — must have been of his own accord, otherwise they would know something about It in the house. By-the-bye, has It been seaiohed, sir ?" " No one thought of that." " It seems to me the first step to take. He might have been in a trance, aB yon suggested, and come to find himself alone, and meant to seek assistance, but lost his way, being weak and confused. The lake will have to bo dragged, as It 1b as likely, being in that Btato, he would have gone ontdoora as anywhere else." "Then you think he Is dead, Har rison T' " Yes, sir, I do." " But what about the dummy figure 1" " That's queer, I must own, because It looks like premeditation." "Exactly. There couldn't have been time to get it after Sir Walter disap peared, so it must havo been ready beforehand, and, if so, what was the motive 1 I can't understand it at all." "Nor I, at present, unless ho Is at the bottom of the ' lake yonder, and those whose business it was to watch having, betrayed their trnst were anxious to con ceal the fact from their mistress. That's my theory, sir, and though I may bo quite wrong, I shall start on that theory, with her ladyship's permission." " Lady Neil leaves everything to yon, except tho paying, and she wishes me 10 Bay that no expense Is to be spared. She Is thoroughly prostrated, or she would see you herself. As It is, she wishes you to come to me if you find any clue, and I will break it to her gradually." " 1 can quite understand her feelings, poor lady 1" said the Superintendent sympathetically. " And we will save her all the pain we can. I fancy myself that the suspense will soon be over, and she will stand where she stood before — only the distress will have been prolonged." " Then yon will have the ornamental water dragged at once ?" " Yes, sir. Which way does her lady ship's rooin look out, because If it was on the water it might be desirable to get her ronnd to the other side of the house." Dr. Frazer reflected for a moment. " " The windows look on to the terrace," he said, at last. "I remember now. Yon won't begin to drag, I suppose, until the people have left 1" " I sha'n't be ready juBt yot, sir. You will be here, I suppose 1" " Yes- 1 shall be here," Dr. Frazer re plied, and his feeling was so far altered by his lutervlew with Lady Nell he went Into tho dining-room and took some food, and took a glaBS of wine, standing sorely In need of both by this time. Lord Pendower lifted his eyebrows sur- prisedly when he saw him enter, and seat himself at the. table, but he could not get away to speak to him for awhile. As soon as he was free he made his way down to that end of the table, and bending over the other's chair questioned him in a low voice. Dr. Frazer told him all there was to tell In as few wordB as possible, the other's lace brightenng as he listened. " Now you can see she is not guilty," he Bald, when Dr. Frazer had finished. "She wonld have tried to huaji the matter np if she had been." "Sho was bound to take steps — can't yon see that V " Then you still suspect her ?" returned Lord Pendower disappointedly. " I did not say that. The faot is I do not wish to express any opinion." "Rather eay you do not wish to be convinced," said Lord Pendower testily. " If I said that I shonld tell a He. I should be truly tbankfnl to find that my first suspicions were Incorrect, and I can say this much truly — I am 'staggered if not actually convinced. Are yon satisfied now 1" "No, of course ; still half a loaf Is better than no bread. Yon will believe in Lady Nell one day— even as I do." " i ask nothing better," responded Dr. Frazer heaitily. " It go8a against one's grain to think ill of a woman, and after all for a man like onr friend Noil to have loved her so dearly ; there must have been some good in her." " You mlght say that much of a con victed murderer," observed Lord Pen- dower, annoyed at such a grudging con- j oeaslon. " And you have no proofs even I of her guilt." | " None whatever." " iTken on have no right to judge " That is why I sBked you not to force me Into expressing an opinion, I have no business to have one yet — much more to give it voice. And then the matter may soon be cleared up. Only I shonld like us to get rid of all these people first of all— -it would be horrible to have them hanging round the water whilst it was being dragged." " Hadn't I better tell Saunders to order ronnd the carriages? I can lead the way." ' ' I wonld rather you stayed, If yon don't mind. I don't want people to say I took too mnoh on myself." " But you are acting under Lady Nlel's orders." "Absolutely and entirely at tho pre sent moment. Any plans I may form will remain In abeyance nntll I have oarrled ont hers. If the last fall then I Bhall be free to go my own way. I don't fancy onr police will do much good in a case of thla kind — they are not cunning and subtle enough. A French detective might." " Then why don't yon persuade Lady Nell to engage a French detective ?" " Because the difference of language, habits, et cetera, would hamper him sadly over here.- A French detective with French surronndings la Inimitable, bat yon mustn't transplant htra. And then I don't know that she intends to employ a detective at all. She has placed the mat ter In Superintendent Harrison's hands, and he must do things In his own way." " Well, we shall see. I will just go and say good-bye to Lord Zoxford — I see he Is just going— and I'll tell him, shall 1 1 the police are going to investigate the matter. People are naturally curious, and It la better they should have some reliable Information than be thrown en tirely on their own Invention." " I suppose It is— bnt It 1b all the talk Lady Nell Is so specially dreading." "It must be terrible to a .sensitive nature like hers, I know," said the young Earl, Boftly, " and yet how can It be helped ? And they had better hare a grain of truth to start with — however many lies It gathers as It goes along. We haven't had such a sensation as this In the county since old Sir James Farquhar murdered his young wife from jealousy, and I was qnlte a boy then. Of j coarse they'll talk, but she need not know what they say, surely. I don't fancy she baa any great friends In the neighborhood — and Bhe Ib not obliged to Bee anyone who calls. Can her maid be trusted ?" "I fancy so. I will speak to Balnea. She gives me the Idea of worshipping her mistress, and if so she will be only too anxious tp save her as much as she can." Lord Zoxford came np to them at. this moment, but being a gentleman he asked no questions. However, Dr. Frazer volunteered all the Information it waa neoessary for him to have. " A bad business," said the old peer, shaking his white head. " I don't under stand it at all. I shonld liko Lady Nell to know how thoroughly 1 sympathise with her, and, I say, Frazer, devil take it, couldn't you havo held your tongue 1 A scandal like this is not pleasant In an honorable family." "Leas unpleasant than putting a dummy iu the family vault, my lord, Barely," was the dry response, " Well, I don't know. I suppose on high moral grounds you were right, but I have a lower standard, which la expe diency, and it was such an unpleasant thing to happen In a family." Dr. Frazer laughed in spite of himself. " But, supposing Lady Nell had mar ried again one day, and her husband had tamed np again' afterwards, Lord Zox ford ?" " Then that would have been the un- ploasantest thing of all," he answered. Lord Zoxford belonged to the old schcol, and ewore like a trooper, fust from habit, having no HI meaning. He rather amused the younger generation, who did not dare do likewise— the men, we mean, He would not have used an oath before a lady to save his life. He waa a very old man, having been at Waterloo, bnt he had bo mnch vitality and spirit still, people forgot his age, just as he forgot it himself at times. " Of course she would have married again," he said presently. " She ia a fine woman, lot me tell yon. She re minds me of Lady largarot LasoelleB, who was the belle of the season in 1820 — before you young follows were thought of — a divine creature, npon my sonl 1" and the old peer kissed his finger-tips ecstatically. " Sho was uncommonly par tial to yonr humble servant, everyone said, but " — breaking off suddenly with a sigh and a smile — "I mast tell you all about it another time, my horses won't stand. Ta- ta," and he was gone. In another half-hour the house was clear of guests, both high and low, and the Superintendent began his gruesome task. But though they dragged the ornamental water carefully twice over, they found no corpse — except the kitten which had been torn from the stable cat's loving breast a week before. After this they searched the honse — an old rambling place which had been bnllt in the early days of Queen Elizabeth's reign — with no better resnlt. Balnes, who knew every inch of It, guided them, and pointed ont two or three mysterious passages which she said might lead any where. On being explored they were found to lead nowhere, as it happened, but there might be others, as Balnea said, which they knew nothing about. She was a Hawksworth woman, and remembered there had been a great talk when she waa a girl of subterranean passages leading to the Beashore, where Charles the Second, and some of his followers, had once been hidden." " They say that of most old houses," Dr. Frazer. observed. " I know they do, sir," answered Balnes, in her quiet manner, "and no thing was ever proved, as far as I know, bnt 1 thought 1 would just mention It." "Quite right," Superintendent Har rison said, "only even If It had been there once, It wonld be ohoked up with rubbish now for a certainty." "I should doubt Its having been there myself," remarked Dr. Frazer sceptically. "It would have been known to tbe family If so, and I never heard Sir Walter refer to It, oven as a boy, although Bach subjects have great fascina tion tor lads. I often heard him regret there was no family ghost. 1 always spent the midsummer holldajrs here, and 1 know we explored every hole and cor ner, or that if there had been any trace of Bnbterranean passages or caves we should have unearthed them between net " "So you would, sic, no donbt," said the superintendent, cheerfully, " there's nothing boyB don't poke their noses into, jadglng by my own. And we were par ticularly enterprising, Sir Walter and I. Lady Nell was not a nervous .mother either, ana let us go our own way. It's a miracle we ever grew up we had so many hairbreadth escapes both on water and land." " Let us hope Sir Walter's old luck has followed him still, sir, and he ia alive and well at this mlnnte." "If he were alive and weU he would be here," replied Dr. Frazer with deci- sion. " What possible motive conld he I have for hiding away?" | " And he wasn't that sort of gentleman, either," pnt in BaineB. " If I may make so bold as to express an opinion abont my betters, there wasn't an onnce of deception in him. And that makes mo so sure — as I ventured to tell my lady — that he Ib dead and gone." "Then where Is tho body ?" Inquired the Superintendent sharply. "Really, Mr Harrison 1" exclaimed Balnes, who thought him coarse, and then she added significantly, " If I knew where the remains were there would be an end of the mystery, for everyone else would Know too. I am not one to keep things to myself, especially when her ladyship is in snch trouble." Dr. Frszer noticed that her face softened always when she mentioned Lady Neil's name, and conld quite under stand the passionate, unreasoning devo tion a beautiful young mistress might insplro. Ho could even picture her flying like a tigress at anyone's throat whom she considered her enemy. Dr, Frazer was fond of studying cha racter, and he began to feel interested in this woman, who seemed to have the power of dominating others, and was always consistent and calm. She soon had the Superintendent nn der her thumb, and though she was only a servant, and had no feminine charms, he doferred to her at last as if she were a duchess. When they came to the door of Lady Nell's room Balnea came to a pause. "Yon don't want to go in there, of course ?" The Superintendent ought not to have hesitated, bat he did, visibly. "I shouldn't like to cause her ladyship any Inconvenience," he replied, " but you can't say yon have searched the whole house when you have left one room out, can you?" Balnes conceded that point. Indeed, It appeared to Dr. Frazer; who was watohlng her olosoly, that she had no reason for objecting unless It were to enhance the value of the concession when made. She had herself made every preparation for the Superintendent's visit evidently, for the room was in perfect order, and Lady Neil waa sitting bolt nprlght on a couch, fully dressed. Her face was like marble, in its rigid pallor, and Dr. Frazer, who was a keen observer, noticed that the corners of her month twitched a little from time to time, showing that her nerves were unsteady. Bnt she bore her self finely, he was fain to confess, and she was as dignified as gracious to the Super intendent when ho appeared. " Yon have not found any trace of my husband ?" she said, in an eagerly Inter rogative tone. Then Bhe added, with a little oatch In the breath that wonld have been a sob if she had not held herself with all her might, " Yon— yon saw nothing In the lake ?" " Nothing, whatever, my lady." She made no comment on this, but sat, twisting her wedding-ring round and round on her white finger — a favorite habit of hers from tbe earliest day of .her marriage. She did not look up when he searched in the wardrobes and Sir Walter's dressing-room, although nnder different circumstances she wonld cer tainly have beon amused at Balnes' zeal, for she insisted on showing him places where Basil conld not have hidden, much more his father. There waa a certain grim humor about the performance, as if she were langhlng in her Bleeve at the Superintendent all the while. This was very rude, but it was also original, and Dr. Frazer was ready to pardon a good deal of one for the sake of a little of the other, the latter commodity being so ,scarce. Indeed, she was the first person he had ever seen of her class who was not Impressed by the majesty of the law. The Bearch ended without any result. Baines led tho Superintendent and his attendant satellites into the butler's pantry, and left Mr Saunders to do the rest. Then she stole softly back to her mistress's room. (To be Continued). 