he Sermon by Archbishop Redwood • which has In- flamed Bigotry. Dr. Redwood, Archbishop ^ ^ ^ U1 of Welling- „ on, was seen by a press correspondent f the "S.M. Herald," at St. Patrick's Presbytery, on September 21,' with respect to certain statements in His Grace's reported address at the dedication of St. Mary's Cathedral to which a xception has been taken. «i presume," said the Archbishop, "that von ref»r to the passages quoted i n tlus moruing's "Herald" by the E evs. w. M. Dill-Macky, E. Price, F. Colwell, of the ^Evangelical Council." Being assured' that the passages referred to were those in respect to which the correspondent had called upon the Archbishop, Dr. Redwood said: "You have my authority to state that not a single word of the alleged objectionable and offensive matter was ever uttered by me in St. Mary's Cathedral 0n Sundav last. It so happened that I wrote my sermon in New Zealand, what I then committed' to paper was intended for a purely Catholic congre- manuscript was kindly set up by the 'freeman's Journal,' and I was supplied by that office with sev, several sets pH of proofs. Before I delivered the sermon realised that a considerable cur- ot proofmon I rc taihuent was necessary. On account 0f the size of the building I was obliged to speak slowly. I made 'cuts' in tlio sermon here and there, and the passages quoted in the 'Herald' by the Bev. W. M. Dill-Macky and the other members of the Evangehcal Council were precisely those which, with other passages running in the same line, the time limit and other considerations of a more delicate kind obliged me to omit." The Archbishop was then asked, "You do not blame" the ;Herald'_re- bim. I handed over the 'proof' of my diecourse, but I did not put pen or pencil through the passages which had been cut out by me in delivering the ^ ^ J ^ ^ ^ The JLJIU foil ion which obj. "Look n ate sects, but of sys< Greek schism century, and eleventh, had no als, the inth the 'heir Sepa- means of sfmctificatlon have disappeared; abstinence, fasting, mortificataon, confession, communion, etc., etc. Both the Greek schism and. Protestantism I 1 ™ true civilisation. The first has brought despotism upon the East the second covered Europe with blood and ruins in the sixteenth century, and has 'ever since been the helper and instrument of the worst foes of Christianity. It j j-.j j.i.>. . and stopped the In fine, neither schismatics have shown that the action of the Holy Ghost is with- thenu , Ho 'examples ofheroio virtnet, no Mints in their ranis at all comparabtet© the Martyrs and missionaries of the Catholie CliurcE; and they have never been able to obtain the sanction of a miraele work aud tlieir for f l * ir - ' A I^TESTANT DEMONSTRATION. S y d n e y , Monday. An enormous g a t E j m m L d the Town Hall to-night, in rMpons* fe the invitation of. thiEvan^lioal Council, _ .. "to protest against the thi attbe vice- tacks on Protestantism and 'tiWi egal presence at the dedication of 10 c. Mary's Mlrv's Cathedral» " At least 6,000 6.600 peolad gathered, and when the door, Were were thrown open onen the hall was quickcrowded, ouickfble while hundreds were un- to obtain admission. The platform was .occupied by leading'Protesant clergymen of the city and suourbs, and there were also on the platform Mr Perry (the Minister of Public* Inetruction), Mr. Fegan (the Minister of Mines and Agriculture), and Mr. G-. H. Eeid. The Rev. W. Dill-Macky ireided. A resolution was carried expressing SVpriBe and regret that the Governor, pre8e'nting the Queen, and the Mayas representing the citizens, should e, by their presence in official unilent the sanction of' their high ffices to the ceremonies connected with the celebration of the Mass on the occasion of the opening of "St. Mary's Cathedral. Another resolution protested against the assertions reported to have been made by Archbishop Redwood in his official dedication sermon Relating to the moral character of the leaders of the Reformation, and effects t<?stantism upon civilisation of Pro- and hu- ":' mit y and declared those asser tlcns ^ " B Ilu «»» u « cnaracier, conra I 7 to historical fact, and repugnant o a community enjoying the inestimble blessings that the Protestant Reformation had secured to our nation and the world. This resolution was also adopted. # A t^'rd resolution condemned the tactlce pursued in getting the staten?ents objected to published in the P reSB > and called upon the Roman Catholic authorities to withdraw them fro i n th e official reports of the proceedings and publish a disclaimer. A S reat number of speeches of a forcible character were made in the course of the meeting, which was charaqterised by much enthusiasm. An overflow meeting was held in the Pittstreet Congregational Church, at w l»ch similar resolutions were adopted —"Argus." 