THE ANGLICAN CHURCH. ITS POSITION AND PROSPECTS. (BY ANGL1CAXUS.) IV. THE TRAINING AND WOHIC OP THE CLERGY. The apparent apathy and indifference ot the laity, tho effacing of. the Church from the con science of her members, unbelief in the mysl-rles which sho receiver, and insensibility to the in visible -world, we havo traced to the indefinite teaching of tho clergy — to tb.eir ignorance ot or unbelief in the Church's mission and doctrine, to their neglect, and to the lack of discipline which prevails. No one. reading the Form for the Ordering of Priests in the Hook of Common Prayer can fail to see that the Anglican Ch.urch leads us to believe that she claims to give a special grace aud confers extraordinary powers on her- priests at their ordination. The formula is, "Receive tho Holy Ghost for the office and work of a priest iu the Church of God, now committed unto thee by the imposition of our lands. "Whose sins tbou dost forgive they are forgiven; and whoso sins thou dost retain they nro retained. And be thou a faithful dispenser of the Word of God and of His Holy Sacra ments." Do all the archdeacons and canons believe these words in their plain and obvious meaning? Echo answers, Do they? No honest reader could say tbo terms were satisfied by the functlou of preaching, which is the mission of ovory evan gelist. To maintain this positlou Is to reduco the rationale of the Church to an absurdity, and to this position many of the clergy have reduced' it. A Church can only exist and prosper If sho is truo to her mission and her teaching, and it her clergy ignoro or do not believe her doctrines, it is no wonder that the laity havo lost their faith. Th,e apparent widespread indifference and torpor which prevail may in great measure bo attributed to the abdication of the clergy of their proper functions and their truo position. The Form of Ordination clearly shows that the Church intends her clergy to (liseh.arge other functions besido that of preaching, and con ferred special grace upon them for this purpose. Moreover, they aro assumed to have capacities which fit them for dealing with men— lo be organisers and leaders, to be, as the ago requires, intellectually furnished and equipped, so as to hold their own against all comers in tbo arena of thought. A great many of tho failures in our parishes may be attributed to the lack of these capacities. We give the clergy every credit for being devout and well-meaning, but most of them are wanting In all powers of control and organisation. The absence of a liberal education and of acknow ledge of men and things has tended to th.is, and conscious of their own weakness, they have got into a rut., and keep in it. If a man is strong, and conscious of his strength, he will soon make a way for himself. It is the province of the bishops to seo that the men they ordain are adequately trained for their work, aud are such as will command the respect and reverence of a critical and exacting cge. If the treasure is in earthen vessels, it does not imply that the vessels may be imperfect, or those of the lowest value In the market. People as a rule look more to tho vessel than to the gift which it contains. If the Church is to make progress, her clergy must bo drawn from the best men physically and intellectually. That men of tho best ability nnd of the beet education are not offering themselves as candi dates for tho ministry is not only a recognised fact, but a matter for serious consideration, aud it. is much to be regretted that the standard of admission has been lowered to meet tho men, in stead of raising tho men to meet tho standard. There can be no question that men of ability are deterred from seeking holy orders by the in adequate remuneration which it offers as a pro- ression, as well as tho uncertainty of their ad vancement on merit. Nor will they be encouraged to embrace a profession which, under present conditions, leaves them entirely dependent on the people ami their good will. It is to bo feared that tho clergy, neither in public nor in private, suggest to parents the ministry as a high vocation for their sons, or direct the attention of the youth in our higher schools and elsewhere to the noblest of all call ings. A largo number of sons of the clergy at home offer themselves for work, but comparatively few iu this eouutry. The reasons for tills are not far to seek. Tho children of clergy see tho disadvantages under which their jvarents labor. Tho poverty of the home, which is tho rule, and not the exception, frequently oblige them at an early age to obtain employment, and augment tho scanty resources of tho household. But there is no reason why these conditions should prevail. If the clergy were not weighted, and their work was done efficiently, the laity would accord a much larger measure of sup- nort. It I the present system of administration which has aggravated, if it has not actually produced, the oxlsting condition of things. It has place-d in the charge of parishes men of mediocre capa city, without requisito experience, and frequently without trahuug, and it has left them there, and offered no help. It has assumed adept perfection, or else has not required it, and the laity have quickly discovered tho deficiency. Many such clergy aro in chargo of populous parishes, which arc in a lamentable condition. They seem either unable or unwilling to obtain assistance, and thou sands of souls committed to their charge are un- visited and uncared-for. No doubt, the .supply of clergy Is scanty, but the demand for assistance is scanty, also. It may be that the rectors can not find ttio weak aud plastic men that aro gene rally preferred as curates. A weak and plastic man will never be much good in any profession, much less in one where his mission is to teach and guide men. It Is by the admission of such men, and placing them subsequently in charge of parishes, that tho clergy have lost prestige. To recover the status, the raising of tho standard for admission to Holy Orders is desirable. At home, bishops' examining chaplains, ami heads of col leges moeL periodically, and agree upon a uniform standard, and there Is not reason why they should not. do tho same here. As things are at present, it is not uncommon for a candidate who is re jected by one bishop, as unfit, to go to another dio- etandard, and there is no reason why -they should | be a rule among the bishops not to receive a caiuii- 1 date who has been rejected in another diocoso for intellectual unfitnoss, but there must be unanim ity amongst them if such a wholesome suggestion is to become a rule. Why is not more nso made of tho Australian C'ollego of Theology? It is a creation of I he General Synod, aud has received the recognition of the bishops at the Lambeth ConforcMico. Its certificates might reasonably be required of all candidates for Holy Orders. Wo should then have an authoritative uniform standard. If its object bo to foster and direct the systematic study of divinity among the clergy, it clearly assumes that there is need for that study, and wc aro in entire agreement with it. We live in an ago of preaching. The press has absorbed a largo part of its work, but has In no way lessoned its power, and t ho people generally will place a higher value upon preach ing than upon any other ministerial function. If why wo should be treated to wearying discourses without object, point, or illustration. If read ing makes a full man and writing an exact man. then wo havo neither fullness nor exactness. Syd ney Smith's wish for his worsl enemy was that ho might be preached at by mad curates, and to Itaten to a man displaying the vacuity of hi.s iuind nnd his ignorance of tho elementary rules of elocution is a punishment little less severe. Why cannot the Church revive an Order of Prcnehens, and in this matter, at ioast, conform to her environment? If she cannot, or will not, do this, sho can, at least, take enre that her clergy when they preach will not weary mon with illogi cal and aimless sermons. It is S. Augustine, if wo remember rightly, who says that the object of the preacher should bo to loach, persuade, and move, and that object tho clergy either lose sight of or fail to rench. Tho teaching power of the pulpit is certainly in abeyance. The clorgy, if thoy aro to bo efficient, must havo help in tho spiritual and intellectual life. In the spiritual life, by somo such aid as retreats and quiet days afford. In tho intellectual life, by societies for encouraging .systematic clerical study. It is not enough simply to recommend these aids; there is an absoluto ncod for them, and they should ho called into existence and the clergy required to attend. IL is apparent to any thoughtful man that the cxlstcneo of such aids would bo most beneficial and helpful, and would, moreover, do much to break down that parochial ism which dulls tho sense of the Church's unity and thwarts her efforts at concerted work. It would also tend to abate that party spirit which is so often born of misunderstanding, and main tained from forgotfulncss of each other's needs and the common interests of tho Church. Nor, in splto of tho difficulty of assembling clergy in the country dioceses, is It right that they should be left without come means of help; tho fact of their Isolation renders such help all the more necessary. They might bo summonod in rurl-deeanal chapter for such a purpose, aa well as for counsel and advice. If tho laity aro to bo won back, and retained, not only must the clergy be efficient, but there must be large additions to their ranks. In tho town© 2000 souls are as much as any ono man can minister to ,who does his work efiiciently, and lias any sense of his responnlbiiity. No matter how earnest and vigorous a man may be, hl« work, when disintegrated, cannot possibly toll, and, on the other hand, when concentrated, It leaves thousands unreached. If tho rank of the clergy wero doubled, there would not be too many men. We aro told it is all a question of money. But it has been said moro than once, If tbo work is done, and dono efficiently, it will bo paid for, but people will uot pay for work that I« half done, or badly done. Thero la no rcaoon why each clergyman should havo a separate establish ment. Iyct somo at least of them livo together; it would bo better for themselves and bettor for tho Church. If ono of the dozen clergy In Syd ney who have some ten or fifteen thousand souls in their parishes will secure three earnest fellow- workers and open two or thrco missions, thoy will find ample support come to them in the parish and from devout churchmen outside. But it Li not only parochial clergy who are needed. Thero is room for a diocesan staff for varlouo purpose©— men for relieving In sickness nnd in other emergencies, niMsioncrs, and for work In Lent and Advent, and if our religion© instruction In the. public and other school is to be effective, inspectors and examiners. Why not replace the present paid agents who give religious Instruction by a number of efficient clergy? To say tho means are not forthcoming in this, ono of tho wealthiest — if not the wealthiest — country in the world, Is to confess our failure, and should lend us to see that much of the work assigned to tho clergy Is left undone, and even what is attempted Is badly done. According to the census tho Anglican Church nearly equals In number all the other denominations put to gether. That is to say, nearly half the popula tion enrol tluimeclvos as her members. Yet look at tho activity and work of the other reli gious bodies. Just take their century funds, for one instance. Two denominations have ruiacd In the year for this fund alone some £70,000. Wo need not «ay any more. If tho bishop© and clergy will not move, It behoves the laity to take action. It. is not, a« we pointed out, tho culling off of supplies, or desertion from her ranks in her hour of need that, will produco the reformation which we all desire. The laity can make their voice heard, nnd hoard to good effect. In tho Church's vestries, her parochial council©, her meetings, and her synods. No man and no institution is beyond the roach of public opinion. "Vox popull vox Dei." Let the voice of the peoplo be heard, and tilings will be changed. Let. tho clergy tsce that It Is not indifference which hold the laity aloof, hnt ervilmmit for (heir Inrnnnnlfv mid dlfiK.itls- factioa with their neglect. It is the selfish paro chial policy which moves them to treat their cures as existing for their benefit, and leave thou sands of their flock without pietoral ministra tion, which has filled us with disgust — the policy which, instead of securing additional clergy, has discouraged and discountenanced efforts to reach the mosses. The want of faith which has demandod tho means of support before tho help is given, has mado us question their ear nestness and devotion. Wo know there are excep tions. but they only prove tho rule. Tho laity are not indifferent. They will find tho moans when they see bishop© and clergy doing their work. They will find supplies for more men, but they will act in this as they would in any other business— they will want to see tho men at work beforo they furnish tho means. 