The Rev. John Saplington's Third Year. (By Swanquill.) 'John, . . . John!' ' Yes, dear, presently.' He 'was deep in the throes of those Synod schedules, which always tried his temper, somewhat imperilled his Christianity even, and — what was more to the point just now — emphasised his chronically unpunctual appearance at the dinner-table. She had called him once or twice already. The moments passed, and the Eev. John Saplington again became engrossed in the money columns of those hated schedules, oblivious of the appeals that had reached him, a little more heated each time, from the adjacent dining room. A country steward had bungled the figures in his return. ' Four hundred and twenty-eight pounds, six and ? ' he was mumbling, when ? ' John f can't you come, dear ?' broke in upon him from the cenire of practical operations above alluded to. ' Yes, dear.' And at last he went. My readers may remember that amid the new and distant dignities of his first circuit John Saplington had sometimes sighed to hear once more his old, plain Christian name. His wish had now been granted for some years past. 'John' and 'dear' comprised the modes of addressing him adopted by the little woman with a large heart and a rather limited imagination, whom he had married ; and as she sometimes grouped them both together, ' John,' you see, enjoyed the preponderance. And then, too, the plain, curt name carried an infection with it ; for I declare to you how that the latest addition to the clump of Saplingtons — in the shape of a barely two year old minx — one day convulsed the entire family oircle, adult and juvenile, by addressing her father — minister of fifteen years' standing though he was — as ' Dzon.' So that he heard enough of it now, in all conscience. And the above recounted episode will show how he sometimes valued the once coveted appellation. Was he any better than most men of the husband order — clerical or ordinary ? But that concerns only the common places of the day. I have to do just now with the Rev. John Saplington and his wife as they appeared some eleven years before this interesting colloquy. He had survived with a fair amount of creditablenes the searching test of his four years' probation. The hands of the venerable fathers had beed laid upon his head in the solemn Ordination Service of his Church, and with his young wife (who rather inclined to the ' Dear ' method of address in those days) was just about to enter on his first appointment as a Preacher ' in full connexion.' You are aware that he was a diffident man ; and even now he was not quite immaculate in the direction of being free from the tendency to blunder. His diffidence, together with his high sense of the responsibility of his sacred offioe — often greatest in diffident men — made him still feel that some further tests of his fitness for the ministry yet re mained, the greatest of which, to his mind, would be in his ability to outlast a three years' appointment. To do that was his great ambition. In its considerateness for its Probationer preachers, on the ground of their extra studies for examination work and their inexperience in the matter of sermon composition — perhaps, too, in its con siderateness for the good folk who are spiritually nourished on this raw material — Conference usually removes these aspiring young sparks each year, seldom continuing them longer than a second one at most. Hence John's impatient desire to live through the full -fledged term. \ If the four years probation had been to him like Gideon's fleece, damp when all around was dry, this new test was to be like the appeal of that hesitant herojudge in Israel that the fleece might remain dry, while every sur rounding object appeared moistened with the dews of night. To outlast the first three years term would set his heart at rest upon that question, so vital to a man of his composition, of whether John Saplington was in his right place in the ministry of the church he loved, and wished to serve so ardently. If it should appear that he was not — ah,, well ; he would wait and see. Now, it happened that he was sent to a circuit where it would be a very close shave for him or any other minister to gain the third year invitation, — a more or less thriving mining centre, rejoicing in the name of Coalborough. It might be urged in excuse for the good folk of that neighbourbood that as John was their first married minister his three years' prospective residence among them took the form of an inno vation. That it was a Conference order only made it rather more unpalatable to them. At any rate, they bad never had a man before for three years, and they were not going to now, if they could help it, — an intention of which John was, fortunately, ignorant. Thon, as if it was to be, he made & blunder at the start. In a rash moment he had bought, for his wedding day, and out of compliment to his bride, a high black hat, of the kind now practi cally out of date. In keeping with his high estimate of his work and of his people too, he wore it the first Sunday. Then, he had just bought a new pair of driving gloves, and he was seen reck lessly wearing them, if you please, on the way. to his oountry appointment in the afternoon. In his innocence John had thought — if be bad thought of it at all — that they would be pleased to see their minister appearing respectably. He did not know that it was the opposite of that that would have pleased them, and that a grease-spot on a hat or coat would have passed for a sure mark of grace with them. Several other causes led to his un popularity. Once when an officer had! remarked that the sermons preached by John's predecessor would never be likely to save many souls, and John had rather heatedly replied that that all depended on what the saving of a soul might be taken to mean, his orthodoxy was questioned on the instant, and it as whispered round that John wag shaky . in his views ot the ' plan of salvation.' Then, too, he had once or twice hit off their prejudices and their covet antagonism to himself in a raspy fashion that bad convinced none of them, but had rather made matters worse for him. Now-a-days, when John haB had any difference with his people, he goes back to the old text — ' God so loved the world,' — or 'Come unto Me, all ye that labour,' — or something of that kind, for a Sunday or two. He cannot well say anything raspy under those headings, and by that time he has cooled down, and may go on as usual. But «he was younger then. The upshot of it was that just before the Quarterly Meeting when the invita tion for the third year would in the ordinary have been given, a meeting was privately notified, to be held in true 'Lodge' fashion — much preferable to the ecclesiastical order of prooedure-^ after a Sunday evening service when their minister would be away at an ad jacent country appointment. Of any intention on their part to hold this meeting, John was supposed to be ignorant. The night befell ; and the meeting proceeded ; Mrs. Saplington having, much to their relief, left them to their ' devices, her cheeks red and her heart sinking with pain as she slowly walked down the aisle and out into the kindly night. Meanwhile John was returning from his service only three milea away. At the sight of the lights, burning thus late in the church, a new impulse seized him. A more deliberate man could not have put that impulse into action. If John had stayed to think it over he could not have done it either. It miyht have ended ridiculously. Riding into the church enclosure, he dismounted and entered the building. Surely an unseen Presence was with him as he walked erect, though not proudly, up the aisle by which his wife had left. Reaching the Communion area, he stood and * faced them. For a moment they thought he was going to attack them, and a suppressed murmur almost audibly arose from those men who had seen through many a ' strike.' When John entered, they had just agreed on what the ' delegates' were to say at the Quarterly Meeting, and were passing on to consider the ' choice of a minister in his place. The next moment John was speaking. ' Brethren,' he said, ' I rejoice to see you holding an after meeting. The after meeting has been the glory of our grand Methodism. Let us go in for a good time. Let us sing : — Oh that it now from heaven might fall. And all our sins consume ; Come, Holy Ghost, on Thee we eall, Spirit of burning, come 1 For one awful moment they hesitated : then their recognised precentor pitched the tune ' Nativity,' and then they Bang as perhaps only miners can. Then there were prayers, and before all was over, conversions too ; and John ?went away and left them to their devices. 'I tell 'ee, 'e's a good un. I saw 'en washin' oo's buggy t'other daay, wi' oo's sleeaves rolled oop to oo's armpits,' said one of them to the rest of the group that still clustered round the doorway afterwards. John could never understand why that performance should qualify him the better to minister to their spiritual ? interests. But the story went round all the same, and helped to carry the day for him with those who had not been at the meeting. Last week I had tea with the Sapling tons, when John told me the story, and Mrs. Saplington showed me a handsome silver bisouit barrel bearing an insorip tion to the effeot that it represented the affectionate esteem of the Methodists of Ooalborough for the Rev. J. and Mrs. Saplington, and their grateful appreoia tion of his three years1 faithful and earnest ministry in their midst. 