SPORTING CHArTY NOTES. - ? ?: By Q-nauoo. Gundagai Spring Meeting Oct. Slat and ?Hnv. 1st. Nominations for Spring Han dicap, First Hurdle Rico f.;-l i own Plate close on Saturday, Oct. 'Jt-'-.h. Tho Amateur Meetinir at I'umut on Wednesday proved to be a very tame affair. The attendance was poor; ami tho fields small. Pencillors mustered in strong f orco, but thoy found business very slack. One bookmaker was unable to m.--'t his liabili ties on the course, and 'iMlanced' his customers, who naturally squealed. Mr T: Malono experienced a bit of bad luck at Tumut on Wednesday, by losing his gelding Record, a half brother to Mon te, by Steel Arrow. Becord got away with the Trial Handicap' and Hurdlo Race, but in pulling up, after catching tho judge's eye in tho last-named event, ho somehow crossed his forelegs, with the result that one of them was badly broken near tho f ot lock. Record was immediately destroyed. ' Son ' McKiiinon has turned Dunmore out for a spell. He has as inmates of his stable at Cootamundra a chestnut Sir Oli ver mare and a brown mare by Dunlop. The Padlock gelding Schloss, owned by Mr J H Gray, of Wagga, gave punters a bit of a shock at Tumut on Wednesday. He was made favorite for the 'X rial Handi cap and Farewell, but on each occasion he behaved badly at the post, and when the barrier rose he wheeled' round on each oc casion and refused to tako any part in the race. That must be a great, big canard about Humphry Oxenham, the leviathan metal - lician, goin« to put £50,000 into a daily paper in Sydney, to be run by the irrepres sible John Norton. Oxenham is hardly idiot enough to launch out his gilt in such an undertaking. Oxenham, by shrewd financing has risen to the top rung of the ladder of his pro fession, and is now a very wealthy man, and a leading light in the social firmament. Why, now he hobnobs with dukes and lords in the old country. Said a Gunda ghost, Oxenham and I travelled together in the back country 20 odd ypar ago, we were both on the mark, battling, and I'm battling still, but look at him I' Tho married-single cricket match did not eventuate, as announced, on Wednes day afternoon. The Benedicts were suf fering from that tired f eoling, and did not turn up. The club has very onthnsiastic supporters in Messrs A. Leary, Chee and Bonthorno, and tho inclusion of this new blood will give quite a fillip to the game in Gundagai this year. With the near approach of tho big rac ing carnival ovor the border, local sports are beginning to talk horse with a ven geance. Ono local punter swears by La Carabine for the Melbourne Cup. He cor nered me off yesterday at a sporting ren dezvous, and poured out a tale. The words from his lips fell thick as autumnal leaves in Vallambrosa, and every word was in praise of Carbine's handsome little daughter. If La Carabino does win the Cup her admirer will doubtless wax elo quent on the 'I told you so, didn't I?' business. This reminds me of a little incident in connection with the last Cootamundra Cup. After Earl Olive had weighed in he was led out onto tho lawn, where a yard of blue ribbon was encircled round his neck. Then the camera man got to work, and it was at this juncture that ' a momber of the ' I told-you-brigado ' ap peared on the scene, and greeting a chum, exclaimed, ' Didn't I tell you he'd win?' ' Yes,' responded the other, ' but you-told me so many blooming horses.' ' Yes,' said the tipster, ' but I told you Earl Olive. I knew he'd win, but I did not back him.' The Easy John gelding Criterion looks blooming. During his enforced spell he has filled out greatly, and now looks quite a different horse to what he did when ho last raced in this district — at the Adelong annual meeting last year. Somewhere about 7 months have yet to elapse before the term of his disqualification expires, 'i lien ho will become a valuable horse, for there is no mistaking his sprinting prow ess. D.unaway has given his trainer some trouble of late. A few weeks ago he join ed the sick list and fell away to a shadow, His trainer thought ho was going to die, and spent many an anxious moment by the side of his charge. For ten days Dunaway nevor tasted a morsel. Gus Burke's vet erinary Knowledge stood to mm, and he pulled tho little Dunlop gelding round, after a hard tussle. Acute rheumatism is said to have been the seat of trouble. Duu away now bears traces of the trying time ho experienced, but is mending rapidly. Whilo exercising The Rule on the local track on Wednesday morning, W. Pniue, his rider, raced into a mob of horses loi tering, on the track. Jlie rider was thrown, but he picked -himself up unhurt, while no damage was done to his mount. J Laffin has a big string in work at Cootamundra. He lias Montano, Lance, Coota, Currowong, Heart's Desire (a 4 yoar.oldbay Bargo gelding, owned by Mr Lovett, of Mitta), Curlew (who ran at last military tournament in Gundagai), a bay mare (sister to Dunwell, and owned by Mr Fitzpatrick, of Mingay), a chestnut colt by Easy John (owned by S White, Merrybindinyah), and Jubilee, by Metal, who has only recently boon put into work_ Good nominations expeo ed for Gun gai Spring Mee'ing. Lnifin purposes bringing over nearly all his siring for iho Smokedrif t and Seaspray. Sir A. Male is likely to come with .Bobstay and iho hur dler, Captain Corcoran. Mr W Talboi.of Tomora, says he will probably bo horo wiih Galtoe More and Ossory. Tho Junoe Racing Club mot on Saturday night, when thoy decided to remove tho 12 months' disqualification thoy recontly im posed on E. Curran, iii connection with his handling of Coota in the Hurdle Raco run at the late Junoc mootiug. This action shows the stewards must have committed a grievous blunder in tho first instance, but their action in making almost immed iate reparation for the injury done is praiseworthy. Racing clubs should bo positively certain of any cronk business bo foro thoy impose a disqualification. Bot ter that 99 guilty men should escape scot freo than that ono innocent man should suffer, is a legal maxim applicable to the turf. HennikorHcaton, momber of tho Eng lish House of Commons, and a prominent porsonago in tho old country, was a notod fiorsoman in tho GO's. By tho way, ho was once rousoabout and horsebreaker on a station close to Gundagai— Bardwcll's at Tarcutta. Whon Hcaton was canvassing for the ' Evening News ' and ' Town and Country,' ho struck the village or Cath cart, ncarBombala, and having a knockod up hoi'so ho asked a rosidont for the loan of a liorso for a fow days* to pursuo his canvass. The reply was, ' I haven't got but a gray mare, and sho bucks like blazes. Slio lias thrown all tho boys about ; she's a real outlaw sho is, and she'd break your nock.' But Hennikor told the settlor he'd rido her, and tho mare was immediately yarded. Aftor some difficulty sho was saddlod, tho owner meanwhilo chuckling at tho fun that was in store at tho expenses of tho Sydney swell. At last Mr Hoaton boarded her, and the fun commencod. Tho porformanco of tho roan outlaw at last Gundagai Show was nothing to tho way in which that mare bucked, but she could not removo her rider. Her owner was fairly nonplussed at tho display of horsemanship shown, and tthowerud congratulations on' the ridor, 