THE S.A.J.C. , MEETING. . To the Editor. vslir-"Stame members of the S.A.J .(J. Committee make 110 secret of a determina tion. tliiat Mr. Oomelius shall never be ap pointed Starter at Morphettville." I have taken Che .liberty of quoting the above j>as sage from "The Register" report of the sad proceedings at the S.A.J.C. Milling yes terday, and have no doubt as to its correct ness; but is it not time the members of the S.A.J.C. and the public bestirred them selves? Manly determination in an. individ ual or any. body of men is to be ad,mired: but siUy pigheadedness is contemptible; and should not the committee of the S.A.J.C. be removed unless it can give valid reasons why, in the interests of good racing, it is necessary to appoint a Melbourne gentle man as Starter, "and occasionally accept his irresponsible nominee, and why Mr. Cor nelius, who is admittedly a most excellent starter, shall never be appointed starter at Morphettville? I do not expect the present committee to readily grasp the situation or to accept any suggestion which has not emanated from that august body; but, as the new year is a particularly appropriate season for reviewing the past, I venture to call attention .to one or two matters which may interest the members (cither-than the committee) of the S.A.J.C., and the public who attend the advertised meetings and in vest. money there. The Parliament has ?made legal betting at races by means of the totalizator, and for the proper use of the totalizator and the protection of the inte rests of investors therein the club is en titled to retain 7A per cent, of the moneys paid into the machine. At yesterday's meeting £1,OOS 15s. was invested in the Welter Handicap. There were sixteen starters; Pythian was favourite. The start was so wretchedly bad that only one 'horse, Lady Melbourne, had a possible; £183 15s was invested on Lady Melbourne, so that the investors of the balance (£925), through the action of the Starter, bad the pleasure of contributing to the Lady Me; .bourne investors without any chance or themselves winning. Yet for this race the club bagged 7i per cent, on £1,008 15b, equal to £75 13s. Jumpers' Flat Race, nine starters, amount invested in totaliza tor £1,474 15s.-'When the horses wen't to the post Trentalto was the favorite, with £419 15s. invested or, him; UZ' :bad £46 15s.-total invested on these two liorse*, £466 10s. At the pos't the barrier was sent up by the gentleman from Victoria; result, riders of Trentalto and UZ, believ ing it to be a genuine start, went the full distance, one mile five furlongs, and were then ordered back 'to tlie post, with jto possible hope of winning-result, Bethnai won. The investors of the £466 10s. paid that amount for the fun of looking on, which privilege they had already paid fo, at the gate; further result-club bagged Vj per cent, on £1,474 15s., equal to £liO 12a'. This amoun't was received by the club fo^', amongst other things, protecting the info rests of the investors. And poor Hodgkina, the. unfortunate rider of Trentalto, whew ordered to the post, was fined £2 lor im pertinence-anything lie might have said tu the Starter in the circumstances was excus able-and, the £2 goes to the funds of the club. N.B.-The Starter was no'C fined only hooted. The foregoing figures show that yesterdav, owing to the extraordinary starting by the now man, £1,391 10s. was paid iiito the machine in the two races, for which the investors had not a ghost of .1 pliow of winning anything. In conclusion [ ask again-'Why is it necessary to import a starter? Are not good men to be had here? Is the committee jnstified in mak ing the statement quoted? Why don't the members bestir themselves, and make change in the management? I am, Sir, &c.;, AN UNFORTUNATE INVESTOR. Adelaide, January 2. 