PHANTOM LOVE. Goring laughed when we told him juggler stories. They were true stories, too, so we felt aggrieved. But then Goring had not been in India very long. Otherwise he would have known better than to express dis- belief, for a very small acquaintance with India teaches one that the things which are mysteries to Brixton are the commonplaces of Benares, and that there are more things in Heaven and India who are dreamed of in men's philosophy, The Major had been telling a story of a juggler he had seen in the Central Provinces who had taken a large ball of thin twine, and, securing one end to his sack had thrown the ball into the air, where, rising slowly, it had disappeared in the sky. Then he called a boy and ordered him to ascend the string. The boy, in obedience to the juggler's mandate, seized the slender string and at once commenced to climb, the eyes of everyone in the crowd following him till he disappeared in the sky above. The juggler took no more notice of him, but busied himself with some minor tricks, till, presently, he called to the boy to descend and help him. The voice of the boy was then heard from the clouds refusing to descend. The enraged juggler, with a long knife held between his teeth, swarmed up the string in pursuit, dwindling smaller and smaller to the sight as the boy had done till his figure decreased to a speck against the sky, and he disappeared. Suddenly a piercing scream resounded from the leaves, and, to the unutter- able horror of the spectators, a shower , of blood fell from the blue sky, followed by the dismembered arms and legs of the juggler's victim. Then, with a heavy thud, the headless trunk fell to the ground. After a few- horror stricken moments the murderer was seen sliding down the string to the ground, the crimsoned knife held between the tooth, whilst from his left wrist dangled the covered head. Amidst the deep breathing of his audience, he commenced leisurely to collect the bleeding remains, which he placed unL der a cloth, together with the wine which he pulled in from the sky as a boy would pull in the string of a kite. Then, having gathered up the rest of his belongings, he removed the cloth and revealed the boy smiling and unhurt, without a truce of blood upon him. This was the story at which Goring had laughed. > "Oh, hang it all, Major," he said, "you don't expect me to believe that yarnP" . "I do," said the Major ; saw it with my own eyes." "Como, Major, told that to the Ma- fines," replied Goring. The Major pulled his moustache viciously. Goring's rejoinder was rather unfortunate, for the Major belonged to that honourable branch of the service. "All right," he growled, "I don't ask you to believe it, but if you care to turn up at my place to-morrow night I'll get a pair of jugglers I know of to give us a show, and I'll bet you a fiver you won't disbelieve my story when you have seen a few of their tricks." "Donol" said Goring, readily. Then we parted, for it was long past the hour for closing the Club, and we felt that even the society of the best fellows was rather expensive at a fine of a rupee for every half hour, Four o'clock the next afternoon found < us all seated under the Major's verandah. Besides our host, none of us had ever seen a real performance of the dock, 76 there was a strong muster. Goring was still loudly expressing his disbelief, whilst Jermyn, of the Engineers, being of a scientific turn of mind, had brought a small hand camera, disguised as a box of cigars, for many of the natives have n tooled antipathy to photography. On the benton earth carnage sweep outside the verandah two dusky gentlemen were sitting contentedly' in the sunshine availing our pleasure. These were the jugglers famous throughout the whole province for the wonder? of their magic. Their properties were not imposing, consisting of a small marketing basket, such as Europeans use, and a small bundle of cloth. The Major having notified his plea sure that the show should commence one of the jugglers, a grizzled old Ben- gal, gingerly popped his hand into the basket and jerked forth a large cobra, which blew up its hood and hissed viciously as its head swayed backwards and forwards, whilst its forked tongue unshod like lightning. The other juggler blow doleful music through a small wood pipe, and the cobra commenced to gyrate as though dancing. We heard the click of Jermyn's cam era and the soft rattle as the exposed plate slipped down. The music in creased in volume till it seemed impossible that it could proceed from the juggler's tiny pipe. The cobra swayed and twisted, and seemed to grow larger and larger, its hooded head floating through the air like some phantom drapery, black, yet sparkling with a thousand brilliant points of dazzling brilliancy, whilst the dread spectacle marks stood out with vivid clearness on the back. When or how the change took place none of us could tell, but the afternoon sky seemed to darken around us, whilst the dusky form of the cobra whirled itself into the form of a dance in woman. The droning music boom- ed in our ears with a deep surging. I remembered that Jermyn afterwards compared the sensations of those moments to the feeling experienced when one is succumbing to the in in ounces of nitrous oxide gas or of chloro- form. It would appear that For main was the only man in the party who kept his senses at all, for I have a dim recollection of hearing the crack of the shutter of his camera as the wonderful metamorphoses took place. I Of a sudden the music stopped, and I the nautch girl, with her black jewelled j draperies still floating like vapours around her, stood before us and dropped the veil that hitherto had shroud all her face. We gasped, half in fear, half in admiration as her dark eyes swept over the group and fixed their gaze on Goring Her beauty was indescribable unearthly I Such a beauty as sent a pain to the heart like a knife and maddened the brain with a wild desire. It hold us speechless, and, indeed, almost senseless, with the exception of Jermyn, who, being an engineer, can only see beauty in bridges and locomotives, who addresses his wife as "old fellow," and speaks of his dynamo as "she." Jermyn had the hardihood to sunn his shutter in tho face of this be- wildering vision. Silo advanced towns dB the verandah steps, keeping her eyes fixed on Goring. He gave a low cry, half of pain and half of joy, and advanced towards her with outstretched arms. His face was as white and his eyes burned like coals in his head. The woman held out her hands towards him, then wonder of wonders I-vanished. We awoke as though from a dream with an unpleasant start. The Major rubbed his eyes and sighed deeply. Perhaps it was just as well that Mrs. Major, who is fair, fat, and forty, and anything, but a vision, could not hear that sigh. Jermyn rattled his camera with shaky hands, and asked for a brandy and soda with plenty of brandy in it. He added that he felt faint. Goring said nothing. He had sunk back in his choir and was staring with wild eyes at the spot where she" had disappeared, whilst below in the sunshine, the jugglers wore packing up their bundle and basketware preparing to move off. The Major tossed the old man some silver and bade him got out of the compound quickly. Then he turned to Goring. "Wake up, old man" he said, with a forced attempt at brisk cheerfulness. Goring made no answer, but sat there with his eyes still riveted' on the same spot, staring before him. as though he saw a ghost. I Jermyn shook him, but still he took I no notice of us. I Then we all began to fell a bit lanky and helped to shake him and pour brandy down his shirt-front. At length he muttered some unintelligible words in a thick voice like that of n. men under the influence of a narcotic or drink. We carried him off and loosened his collar, then we hold his head under a tap, and presently he had recovered sufficiently to gaze around him in a dazed sort of way. "Where is shoP" he murmured. "Don't be an ass, Goring," said the Major, in an agitated voice. "It's all a plant, like the string and the boy." "Morely hypnotic suggestion," chimed in Jermyn, who was developing plates as quickly as possible in the Major's dark room. "I must go to her," said Goring, thickly, as he tried to force his way back to the verandah. "No, you don't," said the Major, who by this time was genuinely frightened. He sent one of his boys galloping off for Mynors, the doctor, and, with the exception of Jermyn. who was busy with his plates, we all hung on to Gor- ing, who was getting violent. He had given the Major a black eye, and had done me ft vigorous kick on the shins before the doctor turned up. "It looks like a case of acute mania," said he, as he tore back Goring's sleeve and jabbed a little square into his arm. After a little while Goring grew quieter, and we laid him down on the Major's bed. I love her I I love her I" ho kept groaning. We told the doctor all about it, and he looked grave. He had been in the country long enough to discover many phenomena that were not explained in his text books. Presently Goring spoke in quite a clear-headed manner, and asked in which direction the jugglers had gone. 'I must follow her, sold he. "Don't be a fool I" said the Major ; "it wasn't a 'her' at all. It was an infernal phantasmagoria." ' I tell you there wasn't a woman at all. Was there, Jermyn ?" be added, appeal- ing to the scientist, who, with a perplex- ed look on his face, entered the room with three wet negatives in his bonds. "Of course there wasn't," replied Jermyn, with a meaning scowl to the Major. "It was just a bit of Maskelyne and Cook, Goring, and you've taken it badly. You've been drinking too much whisky or have taken a touch of the sun. What did you see. ,.,,,. , e "I saw her," replied Gonngrvvhoso face showed a yellowish-white against the oil "Sure it wasn't snakes P" suggested Jermyn. . J. "I saw a snake at first," replied Goring, "then it grow and turned into-her. He shuddered as he spoke, and the recollection seemed to overpower him. "Hang it all I He's pretty lucid, murmured Jermyn, who, his handful of negatives hidden behind his back, stood by the bedside regarding Goring , with pity not unmixed with scientific inter 'Was she a decent-looking sort of KirlP" he continued, "or had she a cork leg and false tooth, like Mrs. O'Shea?" Goring made no answer, but turned un- easily upon the bed as though about to rise. "Shut up, Jermyn I" whispered the Major ; "don't excite him." "Lie still, Goring," he continued, "you can just make up your mind to stay where you are till to-morrow morning. Here is a drink the doctor has sent round for you." Goring took the drink quietly, then closed his eyes wearily as though he would sleep,. Jermyn signalled us with ponderous works, and we went outside with him. "Never saw such a thing I" he exclaimed, as soon as we were out of the room. "Devil a sign of a woman is there on any of the plates. I got three pictures, one when the old boy liked the cobra out of the basket, another when we first saw the lady, and another when Goring tried to embrace her, and here his voice shrunk to an awe-stricken whisper hanged if he wasn't as near embracing that cobra as makes no difference. Look here I" Ho hold his Inst negative against the light and showed us the snapshot of Gor- ing plainly outlined on the glass, holding his outstretched limit within it few inches of a large cobra. The Major shivered. "You seem said Jermyn, you can't hypnotise a camera, and the girl we saw walking towards the verandah was nothing more or less than that infernal reptile. Ugh 1 Supposed' we'd all tried to kiss her?" "Don't Jermyn I" exclaimed the Major, increasingly ; "it's no joking matter, I can tell you. I'm jolly glad the missis is away : this affair would have driven her into fits." I and the Major watched Goring well into that night After a while he grew pretty quiet, and, as the doctor had promised to call in and see him on his way home from the gunners' ball at about 2 o'clock, I thought I would go and got a few hours' rest and relieve the Mayor later on. At half-past one I was awakened by the Major shaking me roughly by the shoulder. "Wake up, old man," he cried. "Goring has hooked it." I tumbled out of bed at once and followed him into the room where he had been watching. The window, which opened out on to the verandah, was ajar, and Goring was gone "I was awake at 1 o'clock, and he was asleep, and I just closed my eyes. I dozed less than five minutes, he declared. As he was speaking, the doctor entered the room. He looked grave when we told him how Goring had disappeared, and, calling up the servants, we at once started in pursuit. We had not much doubt of finding him at any rate, within a few hours, for his clothes still hung upon the rail of the bed, and we know that a white man, at tired only in a suit of pyjamas, could not travel far without remark. At the bottom of the garden the Major paused and uttered a stifled exclamation. We could not see because the path was narrow, and the Major's bulky body blocked the way, but we heard a faint rustle among the fallen leaves, and quick as lightning, we saw his hand whip his revolver from his pocket. The report rang in our ears, there was another sharp rustle, and the Major dropped on his knees by the side of a huddled figure. allege he is; done in poor beggar, I'm afraid I' he said, hoarsely. He scraped a vests on the box. It spluttered, then flared, and we saw Goring dead, his head resting on the Major's knee. The dread mark of the cobra's fangs showed upon his throat, whilst among the leaves within the circle of the lucifer flame stopped the spectacled hood of a large cobra in its lost agonies. 