IN FULL CRY, ! y 73y Wic/tarcf march, Author _of, 'The UectV; A Mystery,' 'The_ Crime and the Criminal,' ; ' The Dutchct Diamonds,' ' Mrs. Musgrave and Her Husbaivl,' '. 'the Woman, with Oae Hand,' &c--; &-J- ' PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL AJWAH&SUGSya.; -..'??' CGPYRIGHT; . j . - ? ' ? ? -i CUAPl-..R-'r. -ThE'Caftuer. kvtRTDAYUND ja.fMRYLAHO-5) HE casement was jy ' fe J ^H 1 1 riven back with W %x \ crash ajrainst \|*''ll*]f Hie wall; if it whs igl ' ff'vfe rfp^V Jx°b t°rn from its jl?L tt^B?L. hinges it was be Jn$j£%, 'Qgffifo rauxe they were hsUs b?? of?® \ ' v e T T much ****&. J^eL Si IP* * strongerthanhiK) ^F^S /\ been the fasten ^^^I'-lfw,.! ? inga of the door. ^fcj? *vt,^B'' ^ 'fill hesitated, a ^-*t--S=feSS--~-* dark ..figure clam bering . throush the nar jow window, sprang on to the nncarpeted boards. Id was followed by another. '?Show a light out there,' exclaimed a ¥oine. In response lanterns flashed through the window, and from the open doorway. Their «ppearauee gave her an idea. She still grasped tkc knife which Fhe had applied with such effect to her whilom luxuriant locks. For one moment she contemplated using it against her assailants , but even that brief space for reflection wan enough to show her that to do bo would be to make the desperate game which she was playing too expensive both for herself and them. She was crouching in the.sha'low of a curiously fashioned wooden ehair. Laying the knife down on the floor beside' her, no that she might be sdfe from the temptation of using it in some moment of frenzy, her fingers brushed against something on their passage to the ground. It was the policeman's helmet. Snatching it up, thrusting it on to her head, she passed the stxap beneath her chin. Grip ping the weapon of offence, whose capacities ?he had already tested on the intruding head, flitting noiselessly, as nearly as possible on all fours, she reached the door. Lifting her weapon, before they realised that she was upon them she brought it down, crash ! crash ! ?upon the two lanterns' which their owners ?were using as search-lights. So unlooked-for was the assault, and so well directed were the blows, that before the officers knew what had actually taken place the lanterns were struck clean out of their hands, and fell clattering1 to the floor. Chaos followed ; even policemen sometimes lose their heads. -; 'There he is!' 'Look out I' 'On to him!' 'Down him!' Each officer proffered a «»gge»mm of his ?wn. ? ? In the confusion occasioned by the sndden disappearance of the lights, someone did strike at her a blow. Its bourne was the already sufficiently illused helmet, which, in spite of j the detaining strap, it dislodged from ...her! °hea'd. ~'What sbe'bad 'foreseen might happen^ did happen. ' The outraged constables, de moralised by the disappearance of their lanterns, made a hasty dash into the room, with the intent to close, on any terras, with their unseen foe. The door was left unguarded. Whereupon the girl, crouching on the floor, (dipped past their legs, and, like a flanh, was out of the room. Confusion became confounded. Those in front scarcely knew what had happened. It ?was the man outside the ?window, with the lantern, who detected the flight. ' He's gon? out of the room ! After him ! Why the devil did you let him go ?' Down 'the stairs sped Pollie. At the foot of the firstflightstood it woman who, with arms akimbo, was evidently appreciating the proceedings to the full. She was apparently the occupant of an apartment whose door stood invitingly open. This quick-witted lady grasped the situation in a second. With a movement of her head she directed the fugitive towards the open door. ' In 'with, you ! I'll keep 'em out as long as L can . The ?window opens on to the mews ; it's nothing of a drop.' Through the door dashed Pollie. The woman closed it after her, remaining on the threshold, with her back against it. To her came policeman No. 1. He did not move so swiftly as the quarry ; he was portly, and no longer a lad. 'Which way did he go ?' . 'Down the stairs,' replied the woman, with the most complete insouciance. 'He's out. into the street by now.' Policeman No.' 2 interposed with a point blank contradiction; ' That's a lie. I heard you speak to Kim, and I heard you close your door. He's in your room.' The lady proved herself a virago. ' In my room ! ' she screamed. ' What do you mean by that, you dirty-faced monkey. And me ft respectable married woman what's buried two husbands and seven children ! ' Policeman No. 1 treated her with scant ceremony. ' Get out of the way.' . He pushed her aside, whereat she attacked himtooth and nail : giving him as much as he could dOjto preserve himself from being 'torn .to shreds. His colleagues, instead of coming to his assistance, took advantage of his pre occupation to enter the lady's premises. There the open window told its own tale, which re ceived corroboration from the cries without. Pollie, acting on the woman's hint,- rushed to the window, threw it open, and, without pausing for consideration, lowered herself till she hung by; her hands to the sill, and then, trusting:' to fortune, dropped into space. Space, hoVflver, in this case was but a figure of speech; her feet touched ground almost as eoon as she let go. Gathering her self together to start afresh, she found herself gripped tightly from behind. She had dropped, to all intents and purposes, -right into a policeman's arms. ? A head was protruded from the window above. ? ?' 'Got Mm P' . j 'Yes, I've got him.' But in so asserting the speaker was slightly premature. His afterthought was better advised. 'Some of you chaps had better come down and lend, me a helping hand.' ' ' The words came from him in gasps-,' ''rv - efforts he was compelled to put for' such thut it was strange that he could apeak at all. His captive seemed to be possessed ef the resources and the agility of a wild cat. In no way could he get a firm grip. Just as he thought he was succeeding he lost his footing on the slippery snow, and in another . moment he was seeing stars upon his back, ?^ritn the fugitive once more in headlong flight. A row of black- coated figures, drop ping, one after the other, from the window, ?lighted at the chiigrined conutable's side ; they were his colleagues — arrived a little late. Over the snow tore Pellie, the officers sprinting against each other in the rear. A figure was advancing from the front — another constable. Gritting her teeth the girl rushed furiously on. In a few more seconds there would have bean a collision, with dwe conse quences, no dwjfct, to Pollie, when something btduced her te cwemiruss her couran. a man was holding open a sfcibie door in .a ftisliion which was, to say the k-^st, suggestive. She -took ih as an invitation on wbioh it might be as well to act. She dashed past it, the man shut it after her, locked it, and pocketed the key. Up came an excited constable. ? 'You open that door.' 'What 'door?' 'You know very well what door I mean ! 3.-o you think I didn't see you let him in ?' 'Let who in?' - ? The man's innocence was sublime. Other cousiables hail arrived upon the scene. They all made him the objei S of their attentions. '?None of your nonsense! Who do you think .vou're playing with? You hand ever that key!' They ail evinced a disposition to treat him with but slight consideration. 'Whar.key?' ' He took something from his pocket, fling ing it across the roots, high into the air. It was the key of the stable door. The action seemed to increase the policeman's agitation. 'All right, my man ! Tfvi is the worst night's job you've ever done ia nil your life ! You shall pay for this ! ' 'Pay for what? Can't a man do as he likes with his own door key? Things is coming to a pretty pass if he can't chuck it away if he's got a'faucy to ! What next ! I never see nothing like you coppers ! ' ' His observations were suffered, for the present, to go unheeded. Instructions were rapidly issued. 'One of you men — you, Wilson — go and tell them to keep a look-out in Duncan sfreet ; these premises look out on their back yards. As fast as you can !' A policeman went racing over the snow covered cobble- stones. Others had beenr examining the construction of the stable door, j 'This is a solidly-built door, this is. It! will take some time to force it — unless we cani pick the lock.' ; ' You won't pick that lock in a hurry, even if we'd got the tools, which we haven't. Better try the private door.' They tried the, handle of the private door, which refused to yield. They turned to the tenant of the place. ' Where's the key ?' '' Where's what key ! The key into my. 'ou3e? Haven't got one — never have had one — don't use one. 'When I go in I go in ? through the stable, and that's the way you'll have to go in if you must make a burglarious entrance into a gentleman's premises.' ' Any of you know anything about this man?' 'I do, sir. His name's James — Bandy- leg'ged James, they call him. Drives a four wheeled cab. He's a bachelor ; lives here by himself, there's no one else upon the premises.' 'Then, in that case, it will he no good ringing. Force open the door !' A stalwart constable dashed his shoulder hard against it. -?-?'?'? ' I can do it,' he announced. 'It'sonly on a single bolt.' While the assault was being made, the tenant commented ou the proceedings in a fashion of his own. 'That's right! Smash the door down! Never mind what I think ! Break my 'ome up for me ! Yon're a pretty set, you coppers ! Talk about you being our protectors — as I see it in the paper ! You lock as if you was my protectors, don't yer ? By gawd, I'd like to break into your 'omes, like you're breaking into mine.' By this time the door had yielded. The chief officer examined the lay of the land — a flight of stairs was in front, a door on the left. 'This door leads into the stable. It's locked , if it's been locked all the time, then perhaps he's still inside. Force it open !' This time the operation was the work of a moment ,' the door might have been made of matchboard, so slight was the resistance which it offered. The police streamed in. A four- wheeied cab was drawn up against the side ; two horses were in their stalls — they seemed to be its only living occupants. ' Perhaps he's up in the loft.' The speaker pointed to a square hole which was in the ceiling. The chief called to the men who had gone upstairs : ' Is there a door np there leading into the loft?' 'No, there* 8 no sign of any loft up here. These are all living rooms, there's no door which we can't open.' The chief turned to Mr. James. 'How do you get up into the loft ?' 'Jump up, always. I'm the champion jumper, I am , gives a bound, flies through the 'ole, and there you sre. It's easy, when you've done it.' 'Perhaps he's pulled the ladder up after him.' The suggestion came from one of the men. 11 Go and fetoh a ladder anvhow.' After a . short delay, one was brought ; possibly obtained from a gentleman who was not wholly without a touch of sympathy for the troubles and trials of the minions of the law. It was placed in position. Without hesitation a constable ascended. Three or four lanterns from below were flashed on to the patch of darkness overhead, revealing the open woodwork of the roof above. The con stable, having reached the opening, turned his lantern to the mysteries within. ' Can you see him ?' 'No, if he's anywhsre he's lying low, or else he's at the back.' Even as he spoke a truss of hay, coming through;. the. opening, knocked him off the ladder on'to the ground. The chief's voice rose in tones of command. 'Now, you chaps, up you go, and mind1 this time you get him.' Heedless of the disaster which had over taken their colleague three or four constables started to scamper up the ladder. Another truss of hay met the leader at the top, but this time he was prepared. In spite of it he forced his way into the loft. His companions followed. There were the sounds of a lively scrimmage overhead. The chief went up to keep an eye on what was taking place. He found that already the capture was effected. Pollie was on her back ; two constables were holding down her legs, another was at her ?j^oulders, a fourth was adjusting the hand i .vnif£**rwri8ts. He issued his instruc tions to' those below. 'Put a hone into that cab down there; we'll take him in that.' 'The door's locked, you know, sir; we can't get it out.' ' Then go and get one from next door or somewhere, only mind you're quick.' A cab was procured. The prisoner, now sufficiently quiet, was brought down the ladder. By this time the news of the capture had spread. In spite of the efforts of the police the mews was thronged. An excited crowd pressed about the vehicle. So soon as the prisoner appeared a voice rang out above the surrounding discords. » ' Why, it's Pollie HilLs !' The speaker was the lad, Bob. 'With a sudden mad dash, he had broken through the line of itaiggling constables into the little -.r-«n space in which the four-wheeled m»T~' -us standing. A' policeman seized him iT ? i- -houlder. But even that unfriendly J' ?caj not sufficient to silence him He arnied to shout, in spite of the desp^ -Jfnrti he was making to tear himself free \- Why you siUy fook, that's not the ma» yj&'re after! What do you thinlr I i* I-,::,.? That's PoliieHinLVXag^ ..n inspector, who had recently arrival \- ;i:.- forward out of the shadow. He «Z3 .?'??iv-wdly into the prisoner's face. i.reer«l ': He's right— it is a girl: and wW' .... i':« *he girl who laid the information TvW* ?!.e .earning of this' ' ati ' I t«ll you what it means,' scream.! IV.He. -It means that he's a ailly&-!* ?'' wants to wring his own neck ; and so he'cT ? and so I'll let him know !' She noinf^ ' t.hel«d, vith her manacled wrists 'W,?' ' him who gave me the ring and thelra-X' and murdered the bloke in Embanlm \ Chambers! I've bnon drewing ujfe* r.flt that I was him, to save hfaidUy iMj r.ow that, after all I've done fo/him 'g g.ne and given the game away, IV off8 lou can take him and hang him out of bund ! ! The inspector pressed the tips of his fin*, against Bob's chest. . oCr 'Do you mean that this is the man who gave you the ring and bracelet which vmi brought to mo ?' J ' Of conrse, I do— what else should I mean? His name's Bob Foster, and ho gave me the ring and the bracelet, and told me to keep 'em dark : but so soon as I found out where he'd got 'em from I brought 'em straight to you But I'd hnve saved his life if he hadn't been such a cuckoo as to give me away, and him self too; and now, whatever comes to him he's brought upon himself. Yes, Bob, you know you have! Bob, Bob! after all -I'm done for you !' She burst into a storm of weeping Before he had realised what was the actual purport of her burst of invective, Bob found that he had a pair of handcuffs on his wrists.' He stood looking at them, like a man in a dream ; then he glanced at Pollie, as if hj expected the nightmare to pass away. But the nightmare stayed. It seemed, from the girl's tumultuous grief that h-9S ?i«art was breaking. ' ' . CHAPTER VII. Jn the Box. ^^^ ^^BT^^^ w tie ^gglg: H second time.' %jW§r turnea- 'h! {^[ f ^f remembered where &\--4&\\. -^!^^\ ^e wa8- -Efe was in ^lvd?- ffl3s5j& a box; that was ^^V^ra A the meaning of llllpsw y&fk; tlle na'ow jef^jy&Z;&Qr;^^ closely over §||g|pg||| hanging roof, ~ chest. He re called so mucb, and the grotesque consciousness of helpless ness which had come to him on finding him self being lifted like a child, and that was all. The rest was vacuum. He repeated to himself, grimly, his own words, ' This is the second time.' How long had he been where he was? What had happened rfnee? All seemed silent.' He thought of the journey along the roof, of the entry through the casement, of the appearance of the r^-.m as revealed by the flickering matches. Was he aloue in it? Where was Pollie ? What had taken place? He felt cold, cramped, worn, hungry, ill— perhaps hungry most of all. A faint light gleamed through the holes in the side of the box. Was it.jnorning, then ? If so, what had transpired during the hours wtiichhad intervened ? He tried to collect his thoughts, to arrange events in their proper sequence. He had a hazy recollection of the girl telling him that he would have to make his own way out. How, then, did she propose that he should do it? He came into contact with something, with several things, as he slightly shifted bis position. There was a hammer, a mallet, a sharp-edged instrument -which he took to b» a chisel, and a saw. So she had put tools into the box with th» idea of his using them to further his escape. He had pome vague fancy of her having said to Mm something of the kind. The idea was chimerical. He never had shown to advantega when he had a tool to handle. He was one of those men to whom has been denied the capacity of becoming even moderately skilled in any sort of handicraft. From tha craftsman's point he was a hopeless subject. He told himself that, situated as ha was, to expect him to win his way to freedom by the aid of a hammer and a chisel, was sheer absurdity. He had scarcely room to move, barely strength enough to raise the heavy hammer. It was altogether out of his power to put it to an effectual use. He might avail himself of it to attract attention by striking it against th6 sides of the box. But that would be to run the risk of passing from the frying pan in*0 the fire. Who might not hear ? What un desired auditor, who might be keeping an inquiring eye upon his whereabouts? And, in any case, how should he explain his being where he was? As he lay and pondered and smiled, even in that very unamusing situation, there came back to him other -of the occurrences which had followed on each other's heels in such quick succession. Mr. Baynes's visit; tha tidings which he had brought of the wealth which had been bequeathed to him by so unexpected a testator. He smiled still more, and shuddered. If there are such things as ghosts, and the dead man's spirit was observ- ' , ing m in ms present situation, suppose* such visitants to be . capable of sentient emotion, what, at that moment, must tta 'returned traveller's' feelings be? A man of fortune, not to speak of familyr shut up, a helpless prisoner, in a wooden box, — like the youthful bride in that absurd M doggerel, 'The Mistletoe Bongh!', X™ thing was too ridiculous for serious considera tion. Yet, what on earth was he to do? ' ., He must do something— must make soma effort to win himself out. To be found in there like a rat in a trap, would be the crown ing humiliation, and to stay in there and not be found might be much worse. Pioking np the chisel, making a half turn, he resolved to, at any rate, test the tool's calibre against tnfl dde of the chesf : As he moved, something so startled DW» that he dropped the chisel from his hana Was it possible that some other living thing was shut up with him inside the chest? 1' moving, he had extended his right leg ; w* sole of his foot had inadvertently Pr^V against something-, something soft and T'-^' ing. Something which, unless he erred, returned the pressure. The contact filiett him with such a degree of horror that, for some moments, he was bereft of the power oi motion. What could it be? A delusion r If not, then what P fjro be aoHTnrom] FC— ? 