TflM I ho . | '^heTeCTOR'S daoght.eb# (Continued mm^eintfday'j-utue.) f CHAPTER XXXIII Mr Darn's surmiaa uutlOcfning the letter the mrl brought op to Wssludy ' that evening was ' comot : it wffi from fiobert Jonet ! , ? «- I am not writing this,' 4he writer aSfled, 1 .fier a few kindly -messages and inquiries otter , Zoli friends at the ^arsonjee, « m most j letters have been Written, by the light of a Souao fire along the Potomac, amid the shadow j„BkT cannon. of gleaming tiayonels, of _jj„ in ntmaokB and 'all the dio and con fasionof & soldier's cainp; but m the dreary ward of a military hospital, where I am Blowly Covering from a gon-ahot wound through my rieht arm, which toy friend -tho surgeon tells roe will put a stop to -my fighting for many a day to come. ... ,, , 1 , \-- I have been very ill, old friend - very near the shores of the unknown land ; and, bat for a new hope that has c'omo to me, I believe I should have drifted, as many another poor fellow around me has done, into the Great ^'jfreclwed my wound at Fredericksburg. The papers have told you. I soppofie, all about General Burnside's memo. able attempt to oross the Bappahanoock with his Federal Army, and storm Lee's 1 old veterans' and Jackson's « stonewallers' in the heights about Fredericks kU,I?We had been expecting the attack for days, nnd the general impression among our men, as they looked across on the hundreds of oannon nnd tbe thousands of blue-coated soldiers com prising the Federal Army lying along the bluffs aod hills stretching far up and down the Bap pahannock, was that the fight was going to be a 4 big one.' , ' An opinion that was pretty generally shared by the oommanders on both sides, I believe. Some of the officers, however, doubted whether the Union Commander really would venture to cross the river, and attempt an advance across the plains, the marshes, and hills, cut ap as they were by deep ravines arid gorges ; and that, too, in the face of the Confederate Army, with its heavy cannon and flying artillery. ?'But the fact was the Federal Commander had little choioe about it. The Northern press ani public were clamorous for a battle; and Uurnside had no resource but to advance, disastrous for him as the result was likely to be. I need not tell you that the result of that -hy's work was heavy, on both side3 hundreds tshiiuhtered, many captured, and thousands wounded. 'Aranng these last I was one, and looking around me as I lay In the ambulance that con veyed me, with many others, slowly and pain fully back to the hospital, I noticed a young man, in the dress of a Union soldier, who lay at a little distance from me, so still and motionless that he might have beeu dead for all sign of life I was able at first to dectect in him. 41 It was night, a still, peaceful night, such as one would scarcely expect to sec, looking down on such a scene of suffering and carnage as the fair earth around us ; but tho clear starlight brought out every feature of the dusty, blood-stained faces of my companions, some of whom were groaning in mortal anguish, others silent in grim endurance, others from utter weakness and los3 of blood. ' It was not the first time that I had looked upon such a scene; but my soul turned sick within me as I lay back in th\t jolting ambu lance, trying to bear the paid of my wound in silenco ; and as I glanced around on the pain and death stricken face3 of my companions in misery, my eye once moic fell on the face of the fJnton soldier. This time hia eyes were open and fixed upon my own, in what looked like a fed glance of recognition. ' 4 A pale, thin 'face, beardless save for the blonde moustache shading his lips, nnd marked, in every worn, haggard lino, with a deeper and older suffering than the physical pain of the present moment. 'Dragging myself up on ray elbow I looked at him more intently. Something in the large jjray eyes, in the handsome, tired face, struck me as familiar, and the man I saw was still locking at me with that peculiar glance of quiet recognition that had first attracted me. -( ' You don't know, me, I see/ he said at last, as, with the ambulance still jogging along; he beckoned me faintly towards hinv 1 Not much lo be wondered at, I daresay. I am Jack Pen nison, however. I knew you in a moment ; but then you are not much changed since the old days when we knew and hated each other in England, or rather when I hated you for having won the lore of the only woman I ever cared f »r-a wild saying; but then it is the only one that at all expresses the situation. Josie Darn *vas the only woman I ever cired for or ever shall. But of that no matter —the past is past. Time for me is nearly at an end—- 1 have got my discharge, and I am glad to know It.' u I tried to say aomfithing soothing -fiome thing to inspire him with the hope that his wound might not be-quite hopeless after all, but to no purpose. ' 4 There is no possibility of mistake,' he said, with a wan smile. * I have been shot through ihe lung— I am bleeding inwardly. The Con federates have taken me prisoner; but they might have spared themselves the trouble —I shall slip through their fingers ♦ I shall not live until this time *o-morrow night.1 ' He said it too as if it were anything but a sorrowful reflection, with the air cf a 'roan wbo would be thankful to lay down the wearisome hurden of life ; and looking into the white, set f Jie, on which thejinmistakable stamp of death was set I dared not contradict him. ' 4 1 am dying/ he repeated. 4 and better that linn the wrongs of a Georgian army prison - \--'-u Southerners are not famous for kind treat m «nt of your prisoners of war. Those rebel prisons of yours dp not bear a good name, old friend, and I for one am -not sorry that I am fit destined to make their acquaintance. That ) 'bel bullet has given me a pass to a better )i!uce, let us hope, than your' notorious Ander Minville or Belle Island. It is no chance/ he 'vent on, in his weak, quiet voice, ' that has thrown us two together to-night. It is Kismet — it is fate !— or, rather, it is providence 1 I lntve learnt to trust in providenoe since the old d/iys— it is about tbe only thing we can hold on to in this world ; and something tells me' that the purpose for which we have crossed each other's patk to-night, is tbat- you.raiRlit carry home the news of her freedom to my wife .' She would forgive me, I think, for tailing her so just for this last time. I have, never -dared to do it, even in thought, since I knew that she had doomed herself to perpetual exile rather than look on my face.' ' /'With a feeling of awe and pity I bent over l-im, wiping away the blood and froth from the vr.ite lips as welt as my wounded condition *vou u\ allow rat*. He was quite right— he was ,!ying, and very rapidly; and it could he nothing short of some Etrange providenea that had 1 brought us two together at audi a moment, ' 4 Put your baud into my hreast/ he added, aftor a time, his voice growing '.perceptible . fainter every moment, ' y«'Mi will find' a small Hick bag -Ihaveworn it five years — ii contains ! n letter for Josie Dorn. I little thought though ii would be your hand that would earry i « back i io oi-J England for her. . Will yon tell her that ' Jack Der.nison never ceased to love her— 4 hat with hie last breath he begged her forgiveness, j and »jours, and may you be very happy '4,to- j i &ether.;' he added, groping blindly for my. hand, j - ' 4 For Heaven's sake,' old fiiend/ I said, J i 'don't think ol that now. I hare nothing to . i forgive, believe me. The trouble that same 'j ] between us was as much your misfortune as it ? - was mine/ And Heaven knows I speak but tfie j j tiutli when I say that at that moment T would j - have willingly laid down my We to have brought . i the light back tb the eyes which, even as 1 spoke, ! were glaring in death. i t 'At last the ambiance-drew op in front of j the hospital. One tftr^one the men were lifted . j out, but ont among -4bem. the Union soldier, , g *vas dead I The Federai pri&oner;, as the soldiers i c remarked with grim Taeethwsness, had escaped. - i si It wa^flot much that teoald do4' Robert's - « letter as, after a pause, 3Cr* Dora I f Hkes it upand lollows it ont to the close, ' bttt^ f ^hat I could db I did. A friend of mine, fcCon* 1( federate officer, to whom I had told my Etoty; txerted himself to such purpose, that I had the -c satisfaction of kanwing that poor Jack. Denni- ) t * w's remains Wf»ro laid -with *11 -die honour and I trt ia « gcdlici'j juti some pi ij | t live to come baok to Englandand find my Jost love, I have vowed to bring her oat here find show her where ihe poor, iellow ls buried; 44 As I have already told you liave beori very ill, ' and nothing -but the hope that &ow; ~tbat there is no longer any obstacle between us, my darling will be found, haseustainedrme-ihrough tbe past few weeks. But lor thaV I tnusfc have eunk under tbe effects of my wounds; hut In a few weeks now— itmay be days— I hope to be cn ro»te for England. ? ' I am about to loave .the north and south to . a - just their little difficulty as hcBb they can. I am coming back to take tip the.oid search once more— to gj overall the old groand again with iresh ardour and spirit, confident in my own mind that thia time it will not be in vain.' t 41 Heaven grant it ! Heaven grant it both for his own sake and for my child's,' is Mr. Dorn's ! most fervent comment, as, having reached this '' point in his reading he lays the letter on the table, and rests his white head on his baud. 'So like him -jso like him,' he adds, with a sorrowful little smile, as his eyes wander baok to tbe closely-written sheet spread out before hitru ?* Always full of hope and energy, and I believe 'he has inspired ma with something of his own enthus'asm, for I actually begin to think that it is not altogether out of the pale of possibility that my poor girl may be restored to us.' CHAPTER XXXIV. AND LAST. It is evening— tbe evening following that on which the young lady in black nude tier appear ance at the half- deserted inn at South Hadly. A wet spring evening, with a chill, lamentable sounding wind creeping through the dark pine wood beyond the Giine, and that moans like the voicd of some Irish banshee down ' the .wide chimney of the large, low-ceiled apartment that has been devoted to the purpose of a kitchen at St. Cuthbert's llest , A chill, depressing sort of evening out of doors in spite of the great wreaths of white with which the iroit trees are beginning to decorate their stark branches and Lhe Bweet perfume of flowers that hangs like a promise in the air ; but within, the red glow of the fire lights up the glittering rows of china on the long dresser, tbe well-scoured cooking utensils on the time blackened walls, the sober tints of the darkened panels, and the heavy oaken.beams crossing the ceiling, and last but not least among the. many bright and pleasant things in the great/roomy old kitchen, the ample black faceot the domestic priestess of all this order and neatness, Mammy. A face that literally shines with happiness and good temper as the ebony giantess bustles about among the formidable array of dishes and pans standing in a row on the table before her, for at last after many months of lonely griet and dreadful anxiety, Mammy's cup of happi ness iB well nigh full. Her *' chile' has come back to her once more, weak and ill fiom the effects of his wounds, it is true, but still alive and safe ; and Mammy, who has to break off in her work a dozen times a day in order to go and take a peep at him as he sits reading or dreaming as of old in the room beyond, just to assure herself that her darling is really there, and that it is not all some happy dream from which 6he will all too soon awaken, is inaugurating tbe blessed epoch of the wanderer's return by a grand series of cooking bouts. That R'ji.ert has come baok, and that bhe has once more somebody to pet and oosset, to cook and concoct mysterious little dainties for, a task in which Mammy's soul delighteth, is a piece of 'happiness almost too good to be believed in ; and if she could but see him once more restored to health and happiness, she would have nothing more in life to wish for. But that, she decides, with a sorrowful shake of the woolly black head, is impossible ; for hap piness to Ujhnrt Joriet means the restoration of Miss Josie Porn to hor friends; and Mammy has her own opinion about tlie possibility of that. '* I'a bin hopin1 and hopin' dat 'ar so long,' she murmurs, as she cracks another egg and dr?ps it among its fellowB into a large china bowl. ' An' t kept on hopin' it till 1 had to make up my mind at last that it warn't no manner o* use hopin' it no longer. I's drefful 'fraid dat poor chile'u dead ; dat's what I's 'fraid of 1 'Taint no ways likely ae a delicate young urcatur' like Miss Josie Dorn 'ud be able to live through much hardship. Poor lamb ! No ways likely at all. I said when fust she run off as she'd come back soon, or else break dat norrowful young heart o' hern; and it's ray belief as she did break her heart, poor chile, though I's mighty careful not to say nothin' 'bout dat suspicion of mine to my poor boy. *4 Wouldn't say nothin' 'bout it for all the world,' Mammy repeats, as, picking up her whip she proceeds to whisk the white and yellow contents of ber bow! into a rich golden froth. 14 But all de same, I's drefful sorry to see him baildin' such hopc3 on findin' her, and yet I's 'fraid of my life to discourage him, poor child. But lor1, dis yer's a world of trouble !' she adds, with the ajr of a person who has lived in it and knows— 'a world of trouble, sure *s you live ; but for -a! I that, Ps'got my boy back again( de good Lord be praised ; and if £ could only bear as Miss Josie has been found, poor lamb, I guess I'd be bo transfixed with happi jiess that I'd think I'd bin clean transported into that other and- better worid tbe good book tells on. I've wished dat ar,' 6t?e ad^s, with a mighty sigh, that comes straight up from the capacious depths -of Mammy's deep, warm heart, 44 'bout as hard as anybody ever wished any. thing, I 'spects, both {or her own sake an' for my boy's sake, and for tbe satce of tbat poor old father of hern/' But Mammy's soliloquy is at this point inter rupted by the exigencies of her occupation. &faroray; is gravely cogitating in ber own mind as to whether the ingredients for her cake are to be flavoured .with lemon or orange — a ques tion that is'stilMindecided when the tin baking dish she is reflectively battering drops from her fingers with a crash,- and a piercing cry from Mammy's strong lungs goes echoing through tbe house from basement to attic. The next moment tbe /door ppens, and Mr. Jonet comes hastily in, to find Momaiy Jying baok, panting and prostrate, againBt the ; back of the chair into which she has dropped, her large dark eyes fixed in a stare *of stony horror upon tne opposite winaow. 'Good Heavens, Mammy I' he exclaims, with a glance of astontehrqent, ? 4 what on earth is the matter ! To look at yoij one ipight imagine thafyou had just enjoyed the raw felicity of gazing on a sheeted 'ghost.. What in the name of wonder have, you been doing to yourself lie adds, glancing around .the-roon} with an evi dent aensation^of relief to find that. Mammy is neither in 'flames nor in the deadly grip of some murderous burglar, 'H^ye you been picking up live tooals or the red-hot poker?- (thought the house was on fire, at the least ' 44 It's worse than that, roy chile ; I's had a 'token,' ' she replied, with as much solemnity as her extreme agitation will admit of- 44 I's seen somethin' just as you stand thar.' 'Soen what?' he inquires, beginning to wonder whether his faithful old friend ha6 not taken a temporary leave of her senses. A spook, honey ! I'se seen a spook,' she replies, »n a tragic whisper, her white teeth chat tering in her tiead like a pair of caBtanets as she speaks. ' A rea' spook lookin' in at me through that ar winder.' *' The deuce you did,' he rxclaim', wheeling iharply round towards the unoffending window upon which Mammy's stony stare is still fiked. 11 A spook, ah ?' he adds, with a laugh ; ' is that all? Why, Mamajy. I thought you were quite I ibove the weak Wiefjui ghosts 4 tou remember [ told you, when fljsi we earae ^ere, that some :huckle-beaded noodle had' started a story about liie old place being haunted, or some s^icfy non sacse-; and you laughed at the idea as much as anybody. u -? 1 know, honey - 1 know/' she replies, with a tt&red;, Cartive glance at the window. ' I ain't lever been afraid of the lady in white who walks n the shut-up room* upstairs, nor yet of de ^host who carries his head under hid arm doy^n wllar every night. I never much believed in lat ar land # trash; but dis yer spook was lifferent. It .wars'| ftpne o' lhera ar ole ashioned kind o'jspookp, my pbile I it Was a aoel 'members ,'onty too wfcll, as ^ame and oofced at me through -that windej, honey F' ' is *0.1 Well, whether 1k is oldiashioned ,r new fashioned, I shouldn't advise your ghpst o let me catch Aim hanging around Mammy. Jut are you sure it was not some hungry tramp he «aell of jopt poobing has lujed here ?'?' warn't .no, tramp, nor it warn't a he neither -it were she— -.my poor tost cnild lj TAn' - oh, lor, I\khowe£ it If £? allansrknow ^as ehe . ; were- deadjpoor Iambi ieHjt'^i^SUs yerjple . bones o' mine. IdldVoutl'never^spMtea^o.Bee her spook, though/'. 7 v . ; Vr .. V In Heaven's name; Mammy, what;are you ialki hg reboot ?' Bobert inquires, struck by i ^metmnginHier ^nannerf A- Try. in^-eollect I ybtir scattered wits.' .'Whom doyou fanoy you have eeen ? 'Why do yoa ^ook at me in that doleful, pitying iort of way 1 Come now, tell me all about it,. I insist/'. ' : } ' Oh 2 my chile it was eke, our poor lost darj- ' ing 1 I mean it was her spook — Misa Josie Is doad 1 I knowed it—I knowed it all along, or she would have come baok to us long 'afore this.' And Mammy, who is. rocking herself disconsolately %o and fro, prooeeds.to wipe up the tears th'atare plentifully coursing rach other down her shiny black cheeks. ^ . j : With a sudden pallor, a pallor that is fol lowed fay .a swift, eager fluBh of ioy, of hope, of inspiration, her oompanion wheels suddenly ; round and strides out of the room and the house. | In three seoonds he is on . knees on the wet { ground outside of the kitchen window, 'peering - anxiously about among the beds of wallflowers ] and valley lilies in qhedt of what -it is evidont ? he soon finds. Nothing very remarkable, how- \ ever ; nothing more* remarkable than the small j ahapoly print of a woman's boot ; but it sends - the blood in a quick, joyous rush to his heart and brain, and strengthens the wild hope' Mammy's words have kindled. in his breast into an almost positive certainty. . Some subtle intuition, some swift, unerring instinct tells him in a moment what it means. Josie Dorn, his lost darling, his dear little love, has been here, in even how somewhere not very far away, and with a thrill of joy, a heart t^at throbs so rapidly that it a'most suffocates him, lie tracks the small footmarks out to the gate and on to the open road, where they turn sharply off to the right, and the direction of Uyehurst parsonage. At the gate he pauses for a moment, looking eagerly down (he white road fading dimly away into distance and darkness, but in vnin Not 60 much as a dog is in sight. The soft April rain is still falling with a gentle patter on his bare head, and the thin smoking blouse he happens at the momentto be wearing; but ho has uo room In his thoughts for any .6uch trifles as personal discomfort, as in' obedience to the impulse tbat has brought him hither, be Bets out in the direc tion in which be believes the owner of the footr prints to have gone. With a sudden flash of inspiration he sees it all. Influenced by some unknown purpose, or more likely still, some resistless fit of home* sickness, the poor child has come to steal a look at her old home and friends, and Heaven helping him, before she has bad time to escape him a second time he will have overtaken her and brought her baok to home and happi* ness. Nor is lhe surmise in the slightest degree a , mistaken one. As he suspects it was Josje in the flesh and not in the spirit whose apparition ' so startled Mammy a few minutes since. Ira pelled by the same hungry longing that has 1 brought her into the neighbourhood, Josie effec I tually disguised, as she believes, in a thick veil 1 nnd long gray waterproof sets out in the dusk I of the evening to walk over from South Hadly to Ryehurst, for what purpose she does not know, beyond a vague idea of cceoptng up like a thief to the windows of her hid home, and of porhap3 being able to obtain a glimpse of the dear ones within. On her way sho parses the familiar pld iron gate -of the Qest. It stands partly open. A I light from Mammy's kitchen window streams far down che weedy gravel path; and, with trembling fingers, she pushes it back, and enters. | Utterly unsuspicious of who is at that very moment beneath the moss-grown old roof, she ; walks up to Hie window, and looks in. But I that frightened start/ that shrill cry ot Mammy's, ? drives her away like a startled fawn before h°r i eyes have had time to take in more than a glance at tho bright, cheerful interior; nor does she pause to draw breath again until she is standing within tbe gates of the parsonago garden. The dear, familiar old garden where every thing looks bo little changed that she can j soaroely believe that it is five years sinoe she j saw it. Beyond a light from tbe drawing-room windows, another from the dear old study, in which imagination pictures her father sitting over his books and manuscript, there is no sign of human presence anywhere. But her late ex perience has taught her caution. Standi )g here, in the shadow of her old homo, she is absolutely -afraid' to approach. Pale, trembling, and feeling like a tbief, she shrinks suddenly back among the shadows, and then, soarccly conscious of whither her steps are leading her, strikes off ihto a path whiob leads through tbe shrubbery and ends with. the old arbour, which is already connected with some of the most happy and some of lhe most miserable moments of her life, and where, with a low moan, a half-stifled sob, she sinks upon a seat She ie very weak, very foolish to give way like this ? she who thought herself so strong to en dure ; but the hardness of her lot has never seemed to strike her with 6uch cruel force as it strikes her to-night. But even here she is not safe it seems. A step, a man's Qrm, heavy step too, iB coming up the path, is conjing straight up to her hiding place; and, with a gasp, of terror, she strives to slip opt of the ardour and into the dense shadow of the trees b»4 shrubs. Too lato; however. 7hc intruder, whoever he is, is here.. A till Qgure stands before her, and w^th as strong a conviction that she is gazing on a wrairo as the .sight of her 'own face so lately inspired in the mind of poor, supbrBtitious old Mammy, she looks up into the grave, bearded fiice and .sympathetic brown eyes of Bobert Jonet—tyobeft Jonet, whom they tell her is far away in America, fighting in the war of Southern rebellion. But, before she has time to thick, to realise in the slightest degree what has hap pened, a pair of strong arujs are about her waist, holding her bn an embrace that seems as if it'ean never let her go? a shower of hot, cling ing kisses are being rained down on 'her facie, - her lips, her bare, rain-drenohedhair, from which the bat and veil bave fallen. M At last I —at iaBi x Daymen luy i uvei wy wife /' says the deep, rich voice, whioh, dead and'in her coffin, would have power, she thinks, I to wake ber ; and, very slowly, very dcliciously, I there roils in upon her soul the conviction that I it is her lover's arm 3 that a-e around ber, her i lofer's voice that is making music in her ears, her lover!s lips that are clinging to her own, and that & great, ineffable4ide of joy has rolled in upon the barren desert of her life; V It is a moment of supreme happineRs, a moment of great suprise. There is so much to be said, so much to be explained, on cither side. Out why not leave all (hat to the imagination of the reader, who has thqs far patiently followed our heroine's fortunes? What task more, homeless than an egort to, paint tbat life upon whipb those two, who stand here, heart to heart, in the soft, still darkness 1 of the quiet spring evening, bave entered ? But what need to try ? ' ; 44 Lovers who love, ye understand, - j This sweetest world, this sweeteBt land/' * * * * . * ? Descriptions of weddings are so very stale that the reader will probably rather prefer being spared any details concerning the rery quiet little ceremony that takes place a lew weeks later at the parsonage, and for which the beau tiful old church has been very prettily decorated with flowers by tbe villagers, who, anxious to show their respect for .the bride, have rifled every flowery dell and copse of its sweets in her honour. ' 4n' pa lived to see it, de good Heaven be praised 1' is Mammy's /eryenjt and very highlv characteristic remark, as, wjtn her phining black face all quivering with smiles and tears, she stands on'the parsonage steps, looking like a gigantic statue of black marble/ as she waves her packet handkerchief in .farewell to her 'ohilero' over ihe Ipeads of Mr. Porn, tbe two Misses Fairbrass, and a ^ew other insignificant sized mortals, who have eome out, like herself, to witness the departure of the t-appy pair,jus^. starting on their weeding' tour. ' Miss fosie ain't' de lust pretty young ^ride'we's had io oar family ; but £s wiMjjn'.tw say one thing for ber/ dear chile. We ain't never ha^ a prettier nota sweeter, Heaven bless her ! ^.nd Heaven bless dem both J' she adds# 44 I'm very mtich obliged to yon. Mammy.'- 1 Mr. Bqrnjemarks/^d who, looking quite ten : ye^rs yoShger^fo-dayj -'is evidently leeling in- j tinsely .flattered . hy Maft my *6 approbation of : his daughter-^T-am yery muob obliged to you . foryonr good opinion ; 'and all I can say is, to endorse your words/' lie reverently adds, *' May Heaven ^lessi them both V ?' 1 1 {saB'3Bm-.3- . 