On Saturday in tlio Phillip Division the star of ' Flowory Dan ' was cloarly in tho asccndant, and by the help of flowery spoeoh and the more solid sup port of tho Government on the ono side and tho Freetrado party on tho other it were littlo wonder that ho secured a majority oi ioi over lhu unuui umur dato. The wonder is, when wo examine tho returns, why ho secured tho scat, to which ho cau show only a minority title. Why aro tho majority of tho doctors. of Phillip content to bo virtu ally disfranchised ? Horo is an olocto rato with a roll of 287 0 voters, and only 884 votes *w oro polled as tho aggregate Oi tno tiiroo canuiuau'a. uuii or pur [ cent, or less than a third of tho voters I of an oloctorato can and do not only return a mouibor to Parliament but 1 1 doiuoustrato clearly that thoy alono in that oloctorato aro tlio only persons 1 who take any interest in tho political \ nftntra +Y»n +lif-rn milRt, lift something radically wrong somowhore. ; I Mn. 0'Coxxon, in his usually flowory form of speech, said that tho result had so affected him that ho could not adequately express his feel ings on that glorious occasion. Ignor ing his own /jreat Freotrado party ho said 'tho Qovornmont of tho day had sont hitn as a single individual to fight I for a soat m Parliament ana to laeo ! tho organised oligarchy of twenty i labor mombors.' llo thanked tho prosont Govornment m tno narno oi tho peoplo of tho country for thoir courago in supporting him and thus vindicating tho true principles of liberalism. Now why ho should thank a Government that ho alleges sent hiui as a single individual to win his way to Parliament is not very obvious unlcBG it bo for thoir inort position, and thoro certainly is not muoh liboralism in sending a ainglo indivi dual to win his way to Parliament with what may fitly bo termed a passive assistance, approximating in utility to .1 ? 1 ? ? -? nlrl mm, n„,1 ' Well win ho did and doubtless it was very gratifying to him to do so, albeit tho votes ' polled woro so small, na to merit tho appellation ridiculous. ' Hov.-ovcr tho victorious ought to bo grateful for small morcioo, and Jilt. O'Connou is most effusive in liis grati tudo on this occasion auu lio aeciarea that tho ' toeain ' had sounded in the Phillip electorate, and noithor tho mombero of tho lato Government, or of tho Labor Party, would again degrade the couutry with their gross (polifu il) immorality. When we look at the cumbers we are impelled to utter Festina Unto. Tbe shadows of coming oventa may, as fo,r us tbe honorable member is concorhcd, be somewhat ona'ojous to the ghosts of tbo past. We well remember, in fact the remembrance is so vivid that wo shall never forget the timo of Mn O Con NOlt's attempt to capture a soat on Monaro, whero the honorable gentle man mot for the time being hi3 political death. Whero ho lay (by elDgy) in state, and wa3 duly ' waked ' all night, and then politically buried, the mour ners cer'ainly were uproarious, tho timo decidedly feativo, and tho victorious party exuberant in their jay, but thoir manner of rejoicing can scarcely bo callod magnanimous to a defeated foe History may repeat itself and Mn. O'Connor will ?.?-Imoat certniuly require a li.r^er number c £ votes when ne:;fc ho contests Phillip, and these lie can best secure by deodD in Parliament, for if ho fails in that respect he may look in vain for the support of tho 11 cultivated working man ' and tho prominent existing monuments oi mt- ability, as exerap'ilied by the streot I letter boxes and the post office carvings, may avail but little to increase tho voting power of his party in tho electorate of Phillip. 