WAR NOTES! It seems .that Colonel Baden-Powell and his gallant corps at Mafeuing have not been relieved, but it . is certain that they have made much the best show of all the British forces in South Ai frica, having for tihree months kept a large Boer commando (among wliieh were some of the best.Rustenberg sharpshooters), at bay, notwithstanding that the town "was practically demolished by the bombard ment. The enormous quantity of explo sives accumulated at the place enabled the garrison:to mine the ground oil round the town. The garrison had a further ad vantage in the circumstance that their forts lay much higher than any of the surround ; ing country, and possessing neither swords ! nor bayonets, ana being solely dependent on their rifles, the Boers hesitated about 'storming the British position. Their re luctance is justified by a. military corre spondent of the "Daily News," who.points out that a man armed only with a rifie is practically defenceless at close quarters against men anued with bayonets. The Imperial Light Horse made their gallant charge' at Elands Laagte without bayonets, but the enemy also were with out bayonets. For the same reason (says the correspondent) the enemy are restric ted to fighting behind cover. To light in any other way, he says, would be liot so much brave as insane. The bayonet, it I is interesting to note, was not employed in the British army until the reign of Charles II., when it was described in a llo'yal warrant as "a bayonet or great knife." For some time it was not brought into requisition until after all the ammu nition had been expended, and then it was screwed into the barrel of the musket, completely closing up the muzzle. At the battle of Ramillies, however, some thirty years later, the men of the 2oth Regiment of Foot, now the Royal Borderers, no ticed that an opposing regiment charged immediately they had delivered their tire, and without halting to screw on their bayonets: ' After the engagement the i'reneli firelocks which had been captured were examined, and the improvement pointed out to the English armorers, who were instructed to tit. the muskets of the English army in the same way. The total losses on the Transvaal side in the three ? battles of- Dundee, Elands Laagte, and Moddersprui't, as ascertained by Dalziel's correspondent at Pretoria, were as follows:-Dundee, October 21 Killed, 29; wounded, 91. Elands Laagte, 22nd-Killed, 36; wounded, 112} prisoners, 201\. Modderspruit, 30tli-Killed, 11; wounded, 146. The Boers, according to a Kaffir runner, have absolutely no flour or bread of any sort. They live entirely on meat. Portfolios found by the Boers after Gene ral Yule's retreat from Dundee are said to contain sketch maps of the route for an invasion of the Transvaal and Orange Free State from Natal, one of them signed by General Buller. A curious case has been treated at tlie hospital at Durban. It is that of a private who was shot completely through the head, the Mauser btillet entering the cranium on one side and emerging on the other. Not only is he living, but his wounds have healed without* a check-a slightly restricted jaw movement, due to muscular paralysis, alone retarding his dis charge. In this instance the bullet enter ed just in front of '-'he left ear, escaping the temporal artery, cook a forward an'J somewhat downward course along the floor of the skull, piereed the right maxil lary (cheek) bone, and emerged below the eye on that side. There results some facial disfigurement, but he sees, eats; and sleeps well. One may consider him a lucky fel; low in having exchanged the experience of cranial perforation by an old, Brown Bess for that of a modern Mauser bullet. Here is a new and characteristic story of President Kruger. It is told in the New York "World." In the days when Johan nesburg was a mining camp, the tale goes, j Oom Paul on one occasion was riding 'through.'in a Very ordinary suit of clothes. He unsaddled uv a waggon belonging to a German, who, not recognising him, began to hold forth .on the reforms he would make if he were ruler of the State. Sud denly Mr. Kruger took off his coat, and holding it towards the German, who was a little man said, "Friend, put it bn." "But/'" replied the lattei\ ''it is too big. "Just so." said the President with a grim smile. "I'm Paul Kruger, and it is not too big for me." . The age of miracles and superstitions, writes a correspondent of the Aberdeen "People's Journal," under date November 3, is not yet dead in the Highlands, and anything that may happen flavoring of the supernatural is eagerly discussed and by many, thoroughly believed. The people of Alvie, in the lower part of Badenoch, are much concerned at present by the appear ance of an apparition'at'-the grave of the Duchess of Gordon. It-has the form of a 'woman arrayed in long white flowing robe, with light hair falling in tresses round 'her shoulders. One eye-witness as serts that the ghost was either combing or tearing her hair,, and after being clearly visible for some minutes it suddenly van ished. The burial-place of the Duchess of Gordon, w*ho was so famous for her wit and 'beauty, is a lonely sylvan glade on the .banks of the River Spey, about a mile from Kinrara House, the. property:of the Duke of Richmond and Gordon. A beautiful granite monument marks her resting-place, and it is here that the spirit is said to have been seen. It is well known that it was to the unwearied exertion and de voted patriotism of this reigning beauty that , we owe the present 'brave regiment of Gordon Highlanders. In 1794, when the regiment was raised, this witty lady at tended fairs and public gatherings through out the Highlands,' and when she found a likely man to make a soldier a shilling was put between her teeth, and he was invited to take it and a kiss. Who would _refuse such a tempting offer, backed as it was with fascinating beauty and sparkling wit? Certainly not a Highlander. Since then the gay and. gallant Gordons have proved themselves worthy of their patroness tip on many a hard-fought field. It is feared by many that this phantom seen at the duchess's grave in the lonely kirkyard of St. Eda forebodes some dire disaster to t'he gallant Gordons in the near future. . London "Punch" publishes the follow ing nigger news from the Transvaal:-"De British hab got alongside o' Modder. But they ha.bn't got no Farder." 