PEERYBINCLE PAPERS. \- - v "Shall I," asks Mr T. W. Stead, pathet ically, "shall I slay my brother Boer?" and a hard-hearted editor to whom he sent his pamphlet was cruel enough to reply that he didn't care to interfere with Air Stead's family affairs. The question might be raised anew at this juncture over the horrible treatment meted out by the Botrs to three Englishmen, who, for refusing to fight against their own coun trymen, were first brutally flogged with sjamboks, then cast into prison, and fin ally expelled from the Transvaal to make their way as best they could to a place of safety. Probably Air Stead and the pro- Boer party see in little matters of this kind only a convincing proof of the kind liness of the Boer intentions. Air Stead, having been a spiritualist in his time.wili doubtless recognise in Kruger's visit to a Dutch soothsayer another illustration of the sacred nature of the Dutch cause. But he could hardly describe it more tersely than the Australian boy whom I heard explaining the cablegram to an admiring group. "So yer see, ole Krooger, 'e goes to this 'ere fortune-telling bloke, and 'e says, 'Blokey.' 'e says, "wot price this 'ere war?' And the palmist bloke 'e 'as a squint at Krooger's 'and, and then 'e cays, 'Paul,' 'e says, 'you've got to cop out in three months.' " We have been continually asked of late to mention a good and effective cure for the bubonic plague. After a lengthy study of all the expert advice on the subject, we have succeeded in evolving a few simple rules which contain the quintessence of all these prescriptions, and now subjoin them for family use: — Get your hair cut short. It may har bor germs. Burn your clothes; wash four times daily in carbolic oil; disinfect all food co piously with slack-lime before eating; drink nothing but Condv's fluid neat. Don't go anywhere, or mix with any body, and avoid your fellow-man. He may be a "contact;" get inoculated re gularly; wear sanitary gloves and pre ventive anklets; remove and destroy in- oLUJAiiy tin ucu jJtrts, uuamunb mm uui idiiis, stop up all your drainp wilt) fpnipnt- have phosphor paste inches deep In the by train, bus, /istai,'" steamer, or waggonette/ rvT>'on't breathe, "rilaiji in hale gernisl SmoJil|fliYi3aaijiHyj Aive in a fire-prapfR&fe;, with thejjpr-ci/sed, and never cORefihfi:-; — By careful n4iiereickr ihvtsn few simple hints, you rnfffi'ltopg'foescape the plague. A good certain preventive is to cut your throat beforehand. The plague is not a thing to he laughed at, and I honor our Dr Gresswell and the men who are doing so much to ward it off. Every reasonable precaution is every man's duty to observe, but, oh! do save me from the faddist in times like these. The man, I mean, who goes about In fotar rj- nH trhmhllntr T-J o ic o'nnprflllv the man with nothing to do, and plenty of time to do It in. The germ is the terror of his life, at all times, plague or no plague. He wants n special cook all to himself, and a special set of cookery book rules. He scents .the germ in every thing, and his life is a misery to himself and to everyone around him. Just now he is at large, and wants shooting. He gives you plague morning, noon and night. He cuts out all the letters from the dally papers, and insists on the mem bers of his household trying every new fad that is mentioned; — Old Tiddlo-de-Toot was a mail of some wealth, His study In life was a study of health; Of the food he ate and the drink that Ik- drank. He was known to his friends as a harmless crack; But cranks have a purpose in life, I suppose, So here's for a lesson on self-imposed woes. Old Tiddle, one morning, near gave up the ghost When over his breakfast— hot water and least — He spotted some head-lines which made his flesh creep, All printed in black and all leaded cut deep; He let go the paper and gasped for more breath, The first line read PLAGUE and the second BLACK DEATH. For days Tiddle wandered around in despair, His face lined with misery, illness, and eare; Of coffins by night and of hearse- by day, Ho dreamed as he wiled the long hours away. Then, just for a change and for comfort., m loss, He'd read all the letters they'd print in the press. Of remedies numberless Tiddlo had read— Of stult to rub in ana to oust on me ueu; Of smelly concoctions to put in the drains; The distance one had to keep clear of tho lanes. Ho walked with a telescope strapped on Ins hip, With which to discern the municipal tip. By this time poor Tiddle was wild with alarm, He'd just had some serum .iabbed into his arm; Of Hennessy's best he had drunk strong and deep— The sight cf a rat would have made his blood creep— What he did see was worse, for six doors from his yard Was au ambulance waggon with p'beemen on guard. With carbolic soap the next day Tiddle bathed With aniseed rags all his body he swathc-d, A big lump of camphor he rammed down his back, And started away on the cityward track. He jumped in a train, but the people took They'alVbolted out with their noses held tight. Wherever Tid stood he stood strictly alone. The pavement in Bourke street he had "on his own;" He tried Little Bourke, but they gave him in charge For being a nuisance and running at large. The moral of this is— though 1 may be vague— A man may run mad for the fear of the plagus. The swagman came along, and asked the farmer for a job, and the farmer eyed him critically from head to foot. Then he asked, "aire ye a guld Jumper?" The swaggie said he was one of the best in the country, and proceeded to explain how many high jumping prizes he had won In his time. "Ye're sure a fine strong laddie, said the farmer, but, tell me, could ye jump a bairb- wired fence?" the swag gie opened his eyes, and glancing at the fence beside him, said he thought he could. Tbe man was taken on, and after a good feed, was put into a big paddock to hoe weeds. He worked away for some time without finding the task heavy, and was just talking to himself about the good billet he had fallen into, when a snort behind him startled him, and he found he only had five yards start of a bull that was making straight for him. He cleared the fence all right, but the interview between the farmer and himself five minutes afterwards was not exacLly a peaceable one, and he objected to jump any more fences. Some folks — cynics for the most part — have ever made a laughing stock of our harbor defence gunboat, the Cerberus. They said her guns were out of date, and her build antiquated, and they wondered — again cynically — whethc-r if a foe ever came to Alelbourne the Cerberus would find her metal and show her teeth to any advantage. The Cerberus lias stuck to her guns (stuck to them much too long) ; and has proved, or tried to prove, to all and sundry periodically (at Easter time) that she can be of some service when she is wanted. For this persistency folks — even the cynics referred to — respected the Cerberus. But now she lias gone under, so to speak, to a fee which never fired a shot. The approach of the said foe was only heralded by the excitement among the rats about the wharves. One of the seamen promptly got into touch and the Cerberus tucked her tail between her legs — that is, picked up her anchors, and sneaked down the Bay without demons tration or warning, and left Alelbourne to be defended by the two Japanese warships Hi Yei and Kongo, which had oppor tunely arrived in the Bay. The Cer berus now lies off the quaran tine ground a wreck of her former self, and all the fire lias gone out of her, and. in the meantime — well ! let the Cnmf» A f PtY nlnp-im-ctl'inlzpn rats will be let Joo.se, and Alelbourne will be Eaved. The Maffra beet sugar factory men are nothing if not enterprising. Their latest happy thought has been to give a luncheon at which the menu consisted al most exclusively of beef, not the mere ordinary beef of the butchers sliup, but a special beef, specially fattened and reared on 80 per cent, ol beet pulp. There was the beef, barons of it, a tempting display, and presently all thought and all aspira tions had been merged in the enjoyment of the stupendous spread. One well-known expert was inclined at first to he critical; "H'm, not bad," lie remarked, as he slowly absorbed the first mouthful, then he went on as each successive piece dis appeared. "Good," "by George it's great," "wonderful," "delicious," and then his powers of description failed liim. He luuiu uiiiy \\\ i r i i ia silence iui an appeuie which could rise to the level of the occa sion : — "Do you think," said a guest, "that tin- href on the hoard Has been fed on beet pulp, as tliey say. Or have they bought the best that the markets afford, For the menu at luncheon to-day?" But the other in answrr just nodded his head, And replied with this paradox neat. "Though with beet pulp the bullock was pro bably fed. Yet it certainly cannot lie beat." We all know how strong is the devo tion of the little Sunday school boy for the particular seel to which his parents belong, and in which he has been reared. He thinks — if lie is not old enough to have thought much about it — that his denomi nation is the only true one. He gathered at school one day that the founder of Christianity was a Jew, and he returned to his mother in a great state. The com parisons lie could draw were limited, be cause the only Jews he knew lived next door to him. It was in a somewhat awe- .stric-ken tune that he approached his mother, and learned of the correctness of his information. Then lie said in an in jured tone, and with a suspicion of tears, in his voice, " Oh ! mother, I always thought that the Lord was a Presby terian." an r'eacociv nus always pcen an aucnor- ity on unions — that is, trade unions— and, as is now well-known, ho will soon ex tend his experience, and take on a union which will have no association with the Trades' Hall. He is taking no pains to hide his intentions, either, as indeed, why should he? If most bachelors are so backward, that is no reason why he should follow their example. He was speaking on unions on Thursday evening to a mass meeting of bread-carters, and he took them into his confidence. The "Argus" reports the "Grand Alastcr" as follows; — "Do not," he said, "go out every night courting your besi girl, but do as I do — (laughter) — promise to stay in one night a week afterwards. (Renewed laughter.) A member of the Government asked me when it was coming off — (laugh ter, and Voices: 'When is i L 7 ' ) — and my answer to that gentleman was the week after your Government is out — (laughter) —and to my new interrogators, as to him, I add, and it won't be long before it is out." (Laughter and applause.) It will not be too much to say that away in the Western District she will be watching and waiting anxiously for the news of the defeat of the M'Lean Government. | JOHN PEER Y (SINGLE. 