Our Doctrines. .??'.''.'' [Communicated.] The most important factor in con nection with our Ministry is, that every Minister be a converted man. Grace is the first essential. God Himself must make the true Minister. Our pulpits must be filled with men who are familiar with a mind and heart in living, loving communion with the Lord Jesus Christ; men who know by experience the way of salvation, who have power with God, and with men; — 'For as a prince, hast thou power with God, and ?with men, andhast prevailed' — men who .live in an atmosphere where selfish am bitions die ; men who think God's thoughts, treasure them, and preach them ; men whose intellect is quickened and enlarged by their close fellowship with God, and by their careful reading, are abreast of the times, and familiar with the newest works issued. This will keep their minds aud heart fresh and vigorous will supply new illustrations and suggestions, and make them ' like unto a mau that is a householder, which bringeth torth out of his treasure things new aud old.' Whilst I admit that a true Minister in a certain sense must be & man of ' one book,' yet if he con fines himsi/lf to reading the scriptures, he will not be able to understand them as they ought 10 be understood. Human research, travel, history, science, yea all human knowledge will furnish clues for the interpretation of the Bible, and help to reveal it as the Book of books ; full of wonder and of beauty. What added ?freshness «onldour sermons gain, were 'we more keenly intelligent, well read, better versed, and more devout students of the oracles of: God. THE CONTINUITY OF METHODISM can exist only by the fidelity of its Ministers to its original idea. We t-ball never conjure by the name Methodism. The greatest danger of Methodism will always be from men who change, and who according to their view may think that changes are necessary in Methodism for the purpose of increasing its efficiency, and of removing obstruct ions to its progress. If ever Methodism be destroyed, it will be from within. So long as it continues to be Methodism by a strict a iherance to the character of its preaching, and of unswerving ad herence to its doctrines, it is indestruct ible. Is our church to continue as long as the sun ? are men to be blessed in her ? and is she to help to make the nations blessed in the present, and in the future as in the past ? Yes ! If her ministers be true to themselves by preserving its doctrines in their integrity, in their freshness, in their crystal clearness and beauty. This only can preserve our church from plague-breeding stagnancy ; and force for it to -nay an outlet into the we^dy waste of worldliness, the arctic region of indifference, the blasting slums of immorality, and into the howl ing wilderness of doubt and unbelief.. Mr. Martin says in his article on ' The Baptism of the Holy Ghost &c.;' : 'As individual Christians we want the transforming power of the Holv Ghost, so that we be not self-seekers and place hunters, but seekers after God and the gifts and graces of His Spirit.' Very true, but that power t-omes through some instrumentality. Mr. Carruthers says in his article that precedes Mr. Martin's in the Century number of the Methodist, ' Class leaders and local preachers have wrought gloriously for God, and for Methodism in the century now expiring. The names of many of them are amongst the most precious and inspiring memories cne unurcn pos sesses.' True, but what were the means used by the Holy Ghost to pro duce such characters ? Was it not the preaching of our doctrines in their sim plicity aud entirety by honest men, them selves being moved by the Holy Ghost. Mr. Carruthers says again, ' But th-* class- leaders of the new century must be Leaders, and the local preachers must be Preachers. There is no fact more potent now-a-days, that the mere sentiment of loyalty to the church will not suffice to bring people to the class meeting, or to keep them there, even after they have been induced to attend. Nor will that sentiment of loyalty prevent a serious HfinW.inn nf t,rm r.rvnPVAan.fcinn wIipti a. man occupies the pulpit who only stands up to talk, and has never learned the divine art of preaching.' True, or when a man occupies the pulpit, and stands up to preach doctrines that he does not believe, or who cannot say with St. Paul, ' I have not shunned to de clare unto you, all the counsel of God.' THE GLORY OF METHODISM. The glory of Methodism has been, and is, the preaching of the doctrines of the Gospel, in their simplicity, fulness, and clearness, with ' the Holy Spirit sent down from heaven.' Wesley preached the doctrines of the Gospel that had fallen into desuetude in the English Churches. It was to make these new yet old doctrines fully known that induced him to leave the Church of England, and travel through the British Isles, to proclaim the unsearchable liches of Christ, and to call upon men, rich ami poor, high and low, cultured and vulgar, ' To flee from the wrath to come.' No one will deny that Methodism in the past owed its triumphs to the purity of its doctrines, and to the intensity of conviction that character ised Wesley and his preachers and' those that have followed in the ' Bright Succer-sion.' Out of the Methodist doctrines preached by men of true Christian ex perence and of spiritual fervour and power 'sprang theMethodistexperience, and out of thn Methodist experience .sprang the class-meeting and the class leader ; a mighty band binding together the strong structure of our Church organisation.' In the leading article of the Century number of the Metho dist we read ihese words: — ''We must not fall into the error of as suming that spirituality is essential to its continuity as a humanly-constructtd system of Church Government. In this fact lies the tremendous responsibility of present- day Methodists.' And the respon-ibility of the Methodist Ministry lies in the pr. servation of the purity of Methodist doctrines. If at the termiu ation of 1999 Methodism will be 'a monstrosity and a curse,' the cause will be found in the looseness of its Doctrine and laxity of its Discipline. But if at A.D. 2000, Methodism ' will be radiant with bridal beautv. beloved bv men and God,' it will be because the old doctrines have been preserved and preached by God-made ministers, and accompanied by ' the unction from the Holy One,' which attended in such marked and marvellous power the preaching of our fathers. ' Aimless, spiritless preaching, platitudes, crudities will be more ineffective in the future than they have been in the past, and as they deserve to be.' But straight, earnest, clear, sincere preaching of all our doctrines, with no bated breath, win an sureiy prouuue spiritual results in the present and in the future as ever they did in the past. DOES HE BELIEVE AND PKEACH OUR DOCTRINES ? A true and honest answer to this question is expected from every minister at the Annual District Synod. Is there any danger of this question losing its force, and of being held of less import ance to-day than in the days of our fathers ? Is there any danger of admit ting a loose, low code of honesty and honour as to ministerial pledges and avowals ? When the above is asked and answered, if one minister is allowed to answer with reservation in reference to one cardinal doctrine, say, Eternal Punishment, why may not the same latitude be permitted to another mini i ter as to the Godhead of Christ, to another as to the personality and Divinity of the Holy Spirit — to another as to the Perseverance of the etc., even to all our doctrines, one by one, until our declaration, ' that our pu'pits give no uncertain sound,' be a thing of the past? If the provision for the preservation of our doctriues breaks in one particular — ' no chain is stronger than its weak est link.' Whatever our Model Deed may contain, there is no legal instru ment that can secure for our pulpits the consonance, integrity and unity of doc trine. Henry Ward Beecher, in his earlier years, said : 'Is the doctrine of eternal punishment revealed by our Lord Jesus Christ? If it is, it must be true.' Mr. Wesley believed that our Lord revealed it. He therefore preached it, and em bodied it in his system of doctrine. If the doctrine was true in Wesley's time, it is true to day. No scholarship, no i-OCCOiLUli. 1UUU U 1UBU 1U1ULU3, UU UOOJJOJ. insight into Scripture, can change it. Truth (whatever else is changeable) is unchangeable, and though our finite power be unable to harmonise the awful doctrine with the glorious truth, ' God is love,' yet it remains a fact, and a fact for ever. A looseness of doctrine must lead to sacerdotalism, and to a lordship over God's heritage, or to respectable world liness and chilling formalism. It is said : ' We must keep our young people to Methodism.' Right. ' But we must keep Methodism for them to keep to.' No church to-day will command the respect of the community if its ministers rely on their Oxford collar, their official dignity, ' their attitude, latitude, and their patitude.' Our suc cesses depend upon the depth of our i spiritual life ; we must maintain our ! prerogative as a living, active Church, \ and i ot dwindle from our noble and dig nified history to a weak, crude, para lysed Church, by the attempt to bring down our doctrines to the taste of the present, under the mistaken notion of ' meeting the- thought of the times.' ? By faithfulness to our pa«t traditions we shall secure the ' Woll done ' of our Lord and the gratitude and reverence of all future generations. If we be faith ful to our doctrines, we shall hand down to the grand future the re cuperative energy of Methodism to faithful men, who shall teach others the grand doctrines which aroused a sleep ing Church, and preserved the Non conformist Churches from putrefaction and death. 'O, Timothy, guard that which is committed unto thee, turning away from the profane babblings and oppositions of the knowledge which is falsely so-called, which some professing have erred concerning the faith. St. Paul's comfort in the prospect of the future was : ' I have fought the good fight ; I have finished the course ; I have kept the faith.' May this- also be true of Methodism all the world over and all the ages through. 