Pugilism. Boxing in England. Forthcoming Season. "With the exception, perhaps, of football, 110 pastime enjoys such a long season as boxing (says the Daily Telegraph of Septem ;ber28). J&orseraci;»g, on the flat and ovor the sticks, goes' on all the year round it is true, for the "sport of kings " is not fettered bya close time. Ccnld the exponent of the game of fisticuff* hare his own way, he two would be strongly in evidence even from 'January io December. Heady and willing to put up with any climatic conditions, the, enterprising pugilist would as soon fight with the thermometer registering 100 degrees in the shade, as iu the depth of winter, pro-; Tiding, of course, sufficient inducement in the way of purse money happened to be forth coming. The everyday boxer, is, in fact, a most accommodating gentleman in his way. No fairweather sailor, he cares neither for rain nor ebitie, and, give him his fling, he could be seen in the ring at dusk or at mid night, at daybreak or at noon. As a bread winner—for bis profession is not considered by the ladies with whom he may associate as a!bar to the holy state—the boxer is more fortunate than the cricketer, the sculler, the pedestrian, and others" who have perforce to 3uy idle for two-thirds of the year. Thanks to its popularity, and the patronage accorded the calling he follows, the professional pugilist can find employment for eight months out of the twelve. Nor need he be a champion to do so. The market is extensive :ind the demand great, and those who are not fortunate enough to be in d position to see the bright particular stars perform, enjoy to their fill the doings, of men of less, renown. A dozen years back glove contests and com petitions were .decided in a desultory manner nerc and there, and the season proper was not fixed until the National Sporting Clob came into existence. Then it was decided by the governing body in Covent' Garden that the curtain shonld rise in October and fall on the /Monday in the Derby week. Coming from the first club in the country, the head and centre of everything pertaining to boxing, tbis rule was at once looked upon as law tbrongbont the land, and no man either thinks or talks seriously about tbe noble art until a start is made with the sport at the National Sporting Club. The tenth season opens here on Monday,-October 1, a season 'that gives promise of sport quite up to the j •average, despite the fact that we are still a j Jong way behind 'our cousins across * the ! ■Atlantic - as regards class and ability. | ■Heavy weights Tike Jeffries, Fitzsimnnms, Corbett, - Ituhlin, Starbey, JX'Coy, and even Maker and Choynski, have *yet to be found on tbis side; while wc have rno middleweight who would' stand a ghost -of a chance with the accomplished and skilful Ryan, nor a feather capable of making any thing of*a show with that remarkable "youth . Terence if'Govern. And yet this quite un accountable loss of- form by British boxers generally will lessen in no degree the interest taken in- their doings during the coming winter and spring. That a Jeffries or a Fitzsimtnous would be a great draw at head quarters-goes without saying, but, atrthe rame time, it is as well to-bear in mind that frequently one sees a better battle for a-fi 10 purse than what is given by men contestingfor . fifty times the dmonnt. Jeffries, Fitzsimmons, ; Corbett, Sharkey, and M'Coy have all visited * England, but, with the exception of the last named, none have taken part here in the serious business of the ring. Fitzsimmons, although quite tbe veteran of ihe p:irty, is tbe roan of the hour, a boxer with a really remarkable, record. Although . .well in his thirty-ninth year, He conld to-day find backing against any pugilist in the .world. Beaten in June of lafefc year by the gigantic Jeffries, to whom he teas conceding over 3 st. in weight, Fitzsimmons, when everyone thought he had retired from .the profession for good, returned to his.old Jove this year, and defeated in the most decisive manner the hercnlean Sharkey, and the lattcr's conqueror, the gigantic German, Gus Ruhlin. In these matches the tall, >inewy farrier from Cornwall displayed phenomenal hitting powers and vitality for a znan his age, and what the great Mace was with his fists at 39, Fitzsimmons appears to be with the gloves. . '. • ' .Another mail, James'.I. Corbett, -has, like Fitzsimmon.% returned , to'the ring with success. Corbett' i£ at tbe time of writing in • 'JEnglai^ —..in fact, ) -inV ^London. No better-proof "of the ignorauce. 'of. the America ii a Dotting1 man as regards properly constituted" clubs could be had- than that afforded by the wild statement made the other day by Corbett to the effect that he had an idea of purchasing the National Sporting, and of running it on Yankee lines. . The so called clubs in the States are little else thau barns, wooden structures with no member ship, opened only on fight nights, and resembling the N.S.C. about as much as does shut up Olympia. Returning home from his first visit to England some five years back Corbett, upset pv what he considered to be a slight, was made to say that he would not fight at the National if Windsor Castle was i thrown in as a prize.' Corbett may have I much money, but, all the same, he stands j quite as good a chance of getting Windsor i Castle as he does of securing the N.S.C. Harking back to boxing here reminds one of the repeal in the States of the Horton law, which permitted the sport to flourish there on a very large scale. The Horton law was passed on October 16, 1896, but it ceased to exist on the 31st of last month. In many quarters it was thought this would throw all the Yankee boxers out of work, and another American invasion was anticipated. As n matter of fact, the Horton law,* which made boxiug legal, refers only to New York State, outside of which the game goes on as usual. Still, members of the NationaljS porting Club will have the pleasure of seeing some of the big guns from the other side show their skill during the forthcoming season. The diffi culty is to get men gocd enough to put up against the visitors. The front-rank boxer in the States is, as a rule, financially fairly well to do. and the desire to see ^England is so great that he will come here and spar for less money than he would accept at home. Two of the best men at their weight in -America, Charles 31'Keever, of Philadelphia, and Jack Ever hart, of New Orleans, are now in England, and in alt probability both will be seen at headquarters. M'Keever, considered to be the champion u welter-weight," is already articled for a contest there with Dido Plumb, of Kingslaud, the best light middle-weight we have, while efforts are being made to find a customer for Everbart. It is stated that in 11'Keever the members of the National Sport ing Clnb will see one of the smartest boxers of the day, a man who combines science with hitting power of quite a remarkable character. Iu the States he has carried all before him, and naturally he will have a pretty strong following* on this side. His opponent, Plumb, is, however, a boxer with whom very few can afford to take liberties. More than once the Londoner has pulled through when apparently a beaten man, and he can point to exceptionally clever victories over Edwards, the Australian, and the New Zealander, Heffernau. No doubt il'Keever, though the smallermanby somehalf a dozen pounds, will start a good favourite, bnt there are those who will pin their faith to the Britisher, when the men stand face to face. The match will be decided at the club early in October. A stake of. £200 a side will rest on the result, in addition to the purse, and when we say that Plumb's money will be the hard earnings of the proprietor of a boxing-booth, it is not necessary to add that his friends are in no way daunted by the brilliant record of the young American. Last spring: Mr. Bettinson, the manager of the National Sporting Club, did bis utmost to 6ecure the services of M'Govern, looked upon by all who have seen Lira as the best bantam weight that ever took the ring. The conqueror of Dixon, long the premier 9-st. man in the States, the light-weight champion Erne, and a host of others, M'Govern could not, however, see his way clear to visit'Eng land, hut it is just possible he may put iu an appearance in the new year. The manager of the National Sporting Clnb will, however, play another strong card when he introduces the two bantam-weights, Pedlar Palmer, of Canningtown, and Harry Ware, some time of London, but now of Holcot, Northampton. Palmer held an unbeaten record until he crossed the Atlantic and met with defeat in one round at the hands of the aforesaid M'Govern. Last May Palmer and "Ware had a desperate battle at the National, and opinions were very much divided when the verdict was given to the flrstnamcd. A keener struggle or a closer finish has seldom been seen. Previously both men had twice beateu the once-invincible Plimmcr, of Birmingham, and, as was antici pated, they proved a wonderfully well matched pair. The result of much bickering was the ratification of a second contest, which is sure to create a very large amount of interest. Palmer, while not perhaps so quick and brilliant as of old, retains all the skill and cleverness that enables hifn to tire out and demoralise the best man sent /com abroad, as well as those to be found iu his own country. Ware, on the other hand, is the strong, rush ing fighter of determined, aggressive tactics, and it remains to be seen whether his stamina will enable bim to; get even with his success ful opponent of a few months* hack. Despite the wars, boxing in the array and the navy flourishes more than ever, and, thanks to the untiring energy of Colonel G. M. Pox, inspector of Her Majesty's gymnasia, the championships decided early in the month at Aldershot proved a best on record. With the strife practically at an end in the Transvaal, Tommy Atkins will be found in the ring again at Chelsea, Wellington Bar racks. Woolwich, Canterbury, Windsor, and other places, and the Guards' competitions are to be decided at the National m the new year. Another important addition to the programme at headquarters is the annnal boxing contests between the Universities of Oxford and Cam bridge. Previously decided alternately at Oxford, and Cambridge,-the bouts will this year be fought out in Covent Garden. Since the competitions' were" first Btarted four years ago the form of the etudenU has steadily im? proved, and.it is'only right and proper that each an interesting fixture should be decided at the National. Needless to say, the old club still is running on tbe same strict and honourable lines that have gained for it "world-wide notoriety. There is a fair field but no favour for each and all, and nothing but the door" for tbe man who declines to go straight. 