SUNDAY AT HOME. ' If God commands us to be holy, He ?will give us grace to obey. Not only does God command us to be lioly in heart, and life, and in church, but in our business, our mer chandise, &c.; Holiness must reach every part of human life. After thoroughly committing each and everything. all we knnw nn rl nil we do not know to God for life or death, for time and eternity, we must humble ourselves, sink into our noth ingness at the feet of Jesus, and trust His cleansing blood, then God can lift us lip. It is our place to sink down; it is God's work to raise us up. The Scripture idea of purity is not merely freedom from actual commission of sin, which belongs to the first stage . of religious life, but also from the in herent body and seed of sin as well. To be a little more particular, this Scrip . tural purity is freedom from all pride, envy? jealousy, resentment, malice, deception, and secret wrath ; it is to have clean lips, a tongue free from unclean words, back-bitings, evil ' speeches, and foolish or trifling, talk ; it is to be cleansed from all unholy desires, to have no division in the ' desires and tempers of the soul; it is to be purified from unholy affections, such as love of money, praise, earthly ornaments, display, and worldly great ness ; from the love of place, rank, station, and human honour; it is to be delivered from all moroseness or bitterness of feeling, from harshness of spirit and temper ; it is to be liber \- atcd from all hardness and coldness or ; lukewarmness of spirit ; it is a heart washed from all rebellion towards the : will of God, and from all evil and '? unholy affections towards dur fellow creatures ; it is that circumcision of ' spirit, that deliverance from the body ? ? of sin, through the blood of Christ by \- the Holy Ghost, whereby there is a cessation from both sinful acts and sinful purposes. Such a soul is cleansed from all sin, outward and inward, and according to scripture, is perfect in moral purity and is entirely sanctified. Those who do not love holiness, in jtheir hearts fear it. \- This is our comfort, that while we are involved in this world AVe can appeal ' to One who is above it, and uncon ' : trolled by it. Or this might be our comfort, did we not bring God down to earth, and either lose sight of Him ? -amid its confusion, or bind Him help less with His own laws. Our prayer ; will not proceed in faith until we raise God high above us and all that we ' know, to the very supreme of power. ? When the utmost skill and strength of the child have failed he runs to his -father, never doubting that with him is more skill and sufficient strength. And we must cease from measuring the power of. God by our own, and reason ing from one to the other. We must leai-n to set God above His own laws ; not that hei will reverse them, but use them as we know not how. We are not, to think that, when we see no possibility, Orod sees none; that, when all human skill has been fruitlessly spent, there is no more that' God can do ; that when everything goes wrong with us, and Ave are ready to sit down and wait for ruin, there is ; no help for us in God. Too often we ? pray to a God whom , we do not set in; the heavens, to whom we do not in fact : ascribe as much wisdom and power as we do to men, whose help we do not as fully trust in as we should in the com bined help of some on earth we know of, whom we scarcely trust in much more than in ourselves, else we should not be found despairing when we see no remedy for our ills, and' when our own strength is exhausted. The glory of God is the compre hensive and prime blessing that a Christian ought to seek ; if this' be secured, all else will go well. Upon our thoughts of God, it will depend in one time or another whether we rise or sink lower as societies and as individuals. . . . HALLOWED BE THY NAME. What the name of God is to indi viduals it is for communities. If for our own land or other lands, we hope for better things than the present, these better things will be brought about when the name of God is hallowed — when His name is declared to all, and believed by all, and kept jealously and sacredly by all ; when it shines forth from the contempt and misunder standing which overlay it, and is re covered from the suspicion which banishes it; when it rises above all misrepresentations and tones of man's utterance of it, and appears in its own | purity, as if written by the finger of God in the heavens ; when it is I acknowledged by all as the highest name, and receives from each a regard which nothing else commands ; when, that is, men learn to look simply and constantly, intelligently and devoutly, to Jesus Christ as the image of God,' and will, suffer no thought of God to find harbour and influence within them, , which is not expressed in His person. When men own God, and own Him as the Father of Our Lord Jesus Christ, then will there be taA'ing health among all nations. When men come to the knowledge of the only true God and Jesus Christ, whom He hath sent, then shall they have eternal life. Need it be said that there is nothing else that will reform the world than this, no other head under which all things can be reconciled, no other centre round which all can gather in love ? Let all men have one common idea of God, and let that be tho true one ; let each | man be a true worshipper of the true God ; let each in the solemn and secret chamber of his own soul, where none seeth but our Father, who seeth in secret, be owning his responsibility to his God ; let each man lie prostrate and broken hearted before the love of God in Christ, and is there not already ' Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace '? How different would the world be, that little world with which each of us had to do, and which gives us samples of its sin - and its misery, could Ave say of everyone Ave had to deal Avith : ' I may trust that, man to the uttermost ; I may banish every fear, and all suspicion ; I may expect great things of him,; for I knpAV that far deeper than any earthly in fluence- can penetrate lies written on his heart the name of God, his Re deemer and Father ; he knows and acknoAvledges God, and. rhe therefore acknowledges eveiy right claim ; lie is already bound by an obligation , Avhich no entreaty, no persuasion of mine, could make more binding.' A PRAYER. 0 Lord remove from me all ignor ance of Thee, and all unworthy thoughts of Thee; keep far fi'om me all that is forgetful, irreverent, profane ; cast forth from my heart all that opposeth and exalteth itself above all the name of God, or that is Avorshipped ; cast forth from thy temple all that sitting therein sliOAving it is God ; all my rebellious distrust of Thee do thou turn into childlike attachment and confid ence ; my presumption of indifference into hope of Thy mercy ; grant to me the spirit of Avisdom and revelation in the knowledge of Thee, that, AvhateATer fails me, my trust in Thee may still increase, and that. I may serve Thee in love and acceptance, and my body become a temple of thine. And these things, not in myself only, but in all others perform, that men may knoAV that Thou Avhose name is Jehovah art most high over all the earth, that all nations Avhom Thou hast made may come and glorify thy name. — Amen.' JOTTINGS FROM THOMAS a'kBMPIS. Above all and in all do thou, my soul, rest in the Lord 'always, for He Himself is the eternal rest of 'His saints. . ? Grant me, 0 most SAveet and loving Jesus fo rest in Thee 'aboA'C every creature, above all health and beauty, above all glory and honour, above all poAver and dignity, above all knoAvledge and shreAvdness, above all riches and arts, above all joy and exultation, aboye all fame and praise, above all hope and promise, above all desert and desire, aboA'e all gifts and presents which Thou art able to bestoA\r or infuse, above all joy and gladness Avhich the mind is capable of receiving and feeling, finally .above angels and arch-angels, ; above all the host of heaven, above all things, visible and invisible, and above all that Thou art not, 0 my God ! Ho who has received ?: the greater blessings cannot boast of his own merit, nor be extolled above others, nor deride another Avho is less favoured. Because it is the man Avho ascribes less to himself, and in his gratitude is more humble and fervent, who is really the greater and bet ter. And he who counts himself Ariler than all men, and judges himself to be more unAvorthy than others, is the one Avho is most fit to- receive the greater bles sings. But he Avho has received fewer gifts ought not to be out of heart, nor to bear it in an indignant spirit, nor to emrv him. that is richer, but rather to wait on Thee, and highly extol Thy goodness, for that Thou bestoAvest Thy gifts' abundantly, so freely, so willingly,: .without respectof persons. -V.,: Thou knoAvest what is expe.dientfor each one tp- receive, and Avliy on'e should have more arid another less,, it is not for us to judge, but for Tliee; by whom are determined the deserts bf each. Thou 0 God, hast chosen the poor and the humble, and those avIio are despised by the world, to be Thy familiar friends and attendants. Nothing ought to gladden one Avho loves Thee and recognises Thy benefits so much as the fulfillment of Thy Avill in him, and the good pleasure of Thy eternal appointment, with Avhich he should be so contented and comforted, that he Avould as readily be the least as another Avould Avish to be the greatest. He would, too, be as peace able and happy in the last place as in the first, as Avilling to be despised and of no account, having neither name nor fame, as to be honored before others and greater than others in the Avorld. For Thy Avill and the love of Thy honour Avould be his highest con sideration, and Avould bring him more comfort and gratification than all the benefits he has ever, or - 'will ever, receiAre. 