WHATIS UNSOUND MIND ? A WEALTHY MAN'S ILLUSIONS. is u inun (writes the "Dally News" of tho 27th October) who turns Illusory rabbits running In his garden, horses' heads shaking at the end of hi# b»d. and cows wandering about a picture neces sarily Incompetent to execute a will V That fa one point at l.«jue lu a case con cerning the will of the late Mr Robert Kay Whitehead, n Manchester btcuchcr who left lJ!fto,ow. which began before Mr F. Ji'une yesterday. The other point is alleged undue influence. Two of Mr Whitehead's nephews, a doctor and a stockbroker, tunned S'cott, propound u will of beptemUcr ISO, other nephews named Whitehead and Mrs M'Kvand, a relative, oppose. (5 HOSTS AND ItARBITS. Mr Whitehead cam.? nf a rich family who hud been Manchester bleachers for two hundred years. In 1S<17 ho retired, and looked after his estate nnd his plc- turos by Sidney Hooper and Corregglo at Cllvely Hank, For many year# he had ill-health, and took all sorts of pa- tent medlclnts. one on top of the other, btvldes consulting many doctors. in 1SS7 he \ras stricken with Influenza. In 1S9I pneumonia seized him. After that ho raw ghosts. There were rabbits in his shrubbery, and he Imagined he raw them running about In scores. Tlie Sid ney Cooper cows used to-walk about the canvas ttptil Mr Whitehead put his band on the pictures and kept them still. He wan so convinced that water was dripping from the celling Hint he used to put blotting paper un the carpel and pick It up dry. He mistook the bedposts for prnnrlng steed4, and fancied hv saw a man standing in the garden when no man was there. He Investigated things, satisfied himself he wan tho subject of optical Illusion#, and consulted a doctAr un the (xilnl. About the some time he made Urn dliputcd will, by which In? left U'O.OflO to members of his family, Ltf., Oat) to charity, and the real to Mrs Scott, his only surviving sister. He Imagined he wan being poisoned, and in 1S97 an Inquiry lu lunacy resulted in the decision that he was capable of looking after himself, hut that a committee should administer his estate ami allow him 1.2500 a year. The case ban not been settled. . 