??;??;. CHUEGH FINANCE. (To the Editor of The Church of Enqlaud Messenger.) Sir— The problem that the Imperial Government has to face at present is how to maintain an army in their own territory surrounded by enemies on all sides, some of them open, others secret, in some cases endeavouring to pass themselves off as loyal subjects, and in many cases, although they have not to deal with actual disloyalty, our soldiers meet with apathy ami indifference. In considering these matters I cannot help thinking how the Church of our fathers has a similar problem to solve in this colony. She is hampered in the work fchn.t shfi is m.IIpcI nnnn in rlr- hv pnmnifiS without and within. and, worse than all, the apathy and indifference of those who profess to be loyal subjects. Church finance is essentially a layman's question, and many of the clergy, when the matter was discussed by a special meeting of laymen, with a prominent personage presiding over them, a year or two ago during the session of the Church Assembly, hoped that we were on the eve of a great revival. Possibly it may yet prove to be so, for I feel sure that the Diocesan Guild is an institution that might be made capable of mighty deeds. One argument used, I believe, as regards the comparative non-success of this organisation is that in the country districts the clergy did not co-operate. I do not think that the average town layman grasps the situation or the difficulties that the country clergyman has to face outside of their own parishes. I believe that many of the country clergy would give very great assistance to the Diocesan Guild, but within the bounds of their own districts. Anything that savours either directly or indirectly of 'filthy lucre,' the average clergyman realises, undermines his influence with his flock. I would have no objection to give teaching in parishes at a distance from my own where I could not be suspected of having a personal interest. But finance being a layman's question, if an organisation like the Diocesan Guild is to do the work that undoubtedly it is capable of doing, in my opinion it would be better that representative laymen should be sent to each parochial district, and that the clergy, as far as possible, should keep away from the tables to be served. The proposed subdivision of the diocese is, I think, a step in the right direction, but I am afraid that in the north-east part of Victoria it will be difficult to work up enthusiasm for it. I do not think that the question of distance that the clergy man would have to travel to Synod would affect the matter at all. The people at Bendigo possibly may take a great deal of interest in the welfare of their North-Eastern brethren, but it has not yet been effectually demonstrated ; and as far as the laity here are concerned, as far as I can see they are simply indifferent— a state of feeling which is often more difficult to overcome than active opposition. My own feeling is that whatever is best for my Church must be best for me ; but of course, for sentimental reasons that my brethren of the clergy will readily understand, I much regret the necessity of leaving the mother diocese. I know nothing of the Archdeaconry of Sandhurst, and perhaps not very much ab.out the Archdeaconry of Beech worth, but having been in the diocese for many years, and having had ample opportunity of watching the course of events, per haps I may have gathered something. One phase of the problem to be solved is— Is there a reasonable prospect of the various parishes and parochial districts becoming self- supporting? The Year-Booh of the diocese for 1898 will perhaps help us in the consideration of the matter. On reference to page 75 we gather that in the Archdeaconry of Beechworth there are 3 parishes,- 25 parochial districts, and 4 readers' districts. In this territory 28 clergy and (I believe) 6 stipendiary readers are employed. Turning to page 100, we see that during 1838 the sum of £4938 was paid to the clergy as remuneration for their services, and £706 to the readers. From this we gather that the average stipend of the 28 clergy would be about £180 per annum, some, of course, receiving more and some less than said average. How was this amount (£4938) raised? £1257 was received from the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund, and £40 (for chaplaincy duties) from the Consolidated Fund. This leaves a balance of £3641. How was this provided ?? Did the 2486 communicants provide the money by giving an average donation of £1 9s. 3d. each, or was it given by the 7263 indi viduals attending service on an ordinary Sunday in 10s.. free-will offerings spreading over the 52 Sundays ? We find that the means of raising revenues are : — Pew rents, £931 ; offertory and other collec tions, £3608 ; endowments, £95 ; moneys ?parochially raised, £3590 — total, £8224; and deducting the amount paid to the clergy — viz., £3641 — the balance (£4583) was apparently mostly expended as follows: — Expense of Ditine. Service, £712; aid afforded to B.M.F., £261; charitable objects, £100! ! ! church building and repairs, £1839 ; Ivans repaid, d-c. , £587 ; other expenditure, £427. As regards the proportion that £8224 bears to the incomes of the 2486 communicants, or the 7263 distinct individuals, if the matter is gone into I feel that a/eie will have uneasy consciences, for I am sure that these things are not considered. However, I prefer not to attempt to make the calculation. And now t) consider the methods by which money is raised. Very little can be said in defence of pew rents, and those who know the disastrous effects that the system has upon the attendance of the working classes, and who read the Epistle of St. James, chap, ii., will not attempt to defend it. The only things that can be said in its favour are that it is a certain 1 source of income, and it keeps some people in fairly good humour | through not being brought into too close contact with their humbler § neighbours. § We now pass on to the offertory. My advice is never abuse the 3d. . g piece, for I know it to be sometimes the ioidmo'n mite, and children in | large families are by it taught the duty of giving. A poor person, | coming to church once every Sunday, can by means of the despised I 3d. piece give 13s. per annum, which is more than the 7263 ' distinct fl individuals' apparently give to the offertory. Some people will take | exception probably to my reference to these 7263 individuals, and U will say that includes children. Probably it does ; but it does not | include those who might reasonably be expected to support their | Church. Therefore, the children may be taken as representing some | of the absentees, so I contend that the number is not an unfair one | to go upon. My own opinion, backed up by many years' experience, is | that, with regular attendance and hearty services, the offertory is a | most powerful means of raising money ; but great caution and tact is | needed in dealing with congregations in reference to it. A begging | clergyman will often defeat the object he has in view. And, besides, I it is no part of a priest's duty to beg. . A man with the instincts of a I gentleman feels that it is degrading both to his office and to I himself to do so.. We will now pass on to moneys parochially raised. Our «2°3 individual friends gave rather less than 10s. each by this method. And what is meant by moneys parochially raised ? Subscription lists, bazaars, cake and apron fairs, concerts, &e.; What shall I say about the last-named methods of raising money to promote the honour and glory of the Most High God ? I will not say anything, because 1 think a great deal, and I am not always understood. But I will just refer to subscription lists. How does the list prosper ? It all depends | upon who takes it round. If it is a kind, benevolent old lady that i everyone loves, the list does very well; but if it is some cantankerous . 1 old curmudgeon, who has by chance been deputed by a Board of Guardians because they could not find anyone else, the list fares very badly. Circulars'} Their fate is usually the waste-paper basket. It | does not matter much what system is adopted. A locomotive engine is | no good with its fire raked out and its steam all gone, and in the same - way the organisation may be as near perfection as anything human * can possibly be; but if the motive power — zeal— is wanting, it is i powerless. I believe in the Diocesan Guild ; I consider its organisa- | tion to be excellent ; but if, instead of writing to the country clergy | asking them to launch the institution, talented laymen were to come ? | to the country districts and fight the battle themselves, I believe that | a great work could be done. The clergy would, I feel sure, co-operate ; | but it is from outside the bounds of their own parishes those that | initiate the movement should come. There is an innate conservatism | in the composition of all Britons and their descendants, and this 1 accounts for the difficulty of combating what are admittedly abuses | and blots. A little daylight let in from an entirely outside source j would indeed prove of inestimable benefit to the Church in many of j our country districts. The Church officers in many of these parts- \ are old residents, and their prevailing idea is that what has been always must be, and it is very hard to get them out of the old groove. Laymen in large towns have very little idea of the situation in country districts, and unfortunately they do not realise that this is the case. If they did, they would certainly show more practical sympathy. Home mission funds cannot be done without ; but I think that the administrators of them would do more practical good if, instead of putting pressure upon the direct recipients of aid (the | clergy and readers), they were to make more systematic efforts to | influence the laity who are benefited by their districts being subsidised. The town residents cannot realise what so greatly affects their country brethren, because, as has been well said, ' You can't tell where the shoe pinches unless you have had to wear it.' j In conclusion, personally I regret that we may shortly have to j sever our connection. with our Mother in Melbourne, but I think it is jj not a good thing for the Church in the north-east to be kept in § leading-strings too long. In order to appreciate privileges, it is j necessary that our people should realise their responsibilities ; but I would like to see Church finance once and for all taken out of the hands of the clergy. We have laymen who are eminently capable of | undertaking such duties. If the new diocese is formed, as our people j are capable of doing far more than they are doing at present, I hope j in the interests of my profession, from the .very outset.it will be || proclaimed: 'Look ye out from among you men of honest report,' | full of the Holy Ghost and wisdom, whom we may appoint over this 1 business. But we will give ourselves continually to prayer, and to the | ministry of the Word.' — Yours faithfully, | Wodonga, December 18th,. 1899. Herbert Hitchcock. § 