"MONTFORO HOUSE. \- Well, sir, how do you like the house? " laid the Iouse nagent, as the nante gentleman who had called yestnrday enternted the office. " So much that I should likei t take it for the osummer," Paid the young Illn; " and my sister is also pleased with it. Who is the owner? " "The owner, sir, was a Mr. Wyndham, who used to live there, bhut died quite sudi denly i month ege on a visit to London. His executors are the persons to trent with. The affairs seem to have been left in some confu slon, but there is.no doubt you could have the house for the period you miention. "It looks the sort of pllacie that ought to have a story," said Liouis Lennox, while the agent wrote down the executors' names. "I never heard that it hand, sir; no ghosts or -anything of, that sort," said the agCelt, smiling. " Mr. Wyndlhan came into it un expectedly ashout two years ago, tlrough the death of a cousin-a very young lady, I be. lieve. But lie came frol another county, and her people did not live here, son I doi't know much about them. The place was al ways let till Mr. WYyndham took to living in it." . Br. Lennox thalnked the agent and left the ollice. 'The week atller lie and his sister took possession of toutIlfoird llouse, ready furnished, and in glood orertr, for what pro. omined to lie It brilliant suiimmr. Nellie, s' ome years ohler than her brother, and de voted to him, wilas deIlighted with the plaer. They brlet:iht ir , :i:i .i -, ci pec:iallý \- as Mlr. Wyndhamii, it appieared, hitd only keptlil a couple of chlerly Womlen siervants. The library, a plenaant rnoom, was ised hy the young matter of theli house i?s hit study, for hlie was a great studenl. A smaller roomi opened olt of the library, and wso useful for surplus books; the window opened into the garden. , The first day they were settled-which was soon-L-ennox sat down in the library one afternoon to write some letters. lBefore lie hand been busy long hlie had dropped his pen and looked round; then got tiup and went into the little study. Nellie, coining in at the Uiolaent, asked what wlas the matter. " It sounded as ifsomeone called out,"said Iennox, looking perplexei. " I can't locate the sound, either." STime servantl are all out at-the back, and I've coome from the drawing-room," said Nellie. " It's faney." " I heard it soveral times, and then, as if things-heavy things-were being moved about..' " If you hear it at night it may be ghosts," said she, laughing. SleI helard it so continuously tha lie got nervous; it came from behlind the wall of the library, but tllere was no room there, as the outer wall of the house was not thick enough to conitain another apartment. But there wna no doubt a voice seemed to be coming out, ta iutllled cry, as if disttnce or some obstacle subdued it. What could it beo L unsnox declared hle could not tandl it, and au architect was called in to tap and sound the walls and gioe his opinion. "It's a human voice." said Lennox to lhis sister, " there's something uncanny about the place. I dream of t(lnt voice; 1 can't stop here if our search it baffled." Nellie did not laugh at hint. The architect discovered nothing, and thought Mlr. Lennox must have overstiudliced. " Nobody can be shueliot up there," staid Nellie, " yout can't imagine such ni absurd thing, Louis." " I don't imnagine anything, I hear sounds 1 can't necount for, wvhether they are human or not; anlld I mean to find them out if I pull downI the pinet for it." The night of the anrclitect's doparture,Len \- noi; aftur'tlinWlueilnollirnam gone to bad, ibe gann a search fii himnsolf, He heard nothing to.night, isnd almost persuaded himself lie was the victim of fancy. It was eerie work, too; the sounds might be audiblo and yet be produced by nothing tangible.. Agatl his search semined opeless, and no a sort of forlorn hope lieo went into the little study. IIo had s?olitmlles fancied the omys torious voice sounded nearer there. He opened the ldoor of a large closet al ,ready surveyed, antl 'lrgan there wiat he meant to - morrow to do everywhere-take up the flooring. lie had tools, andil lie knew Iteow to use them. None of the ilanking'was loose; what struck him was that in one plnace it was alniiost iuntslntlly tiglhtlylalnid. Ile bnt himself with throbbing heart, to force this up. Suddenly ho sprang to his feet with a smothered exclatnntion; beneath the-plank Ing on he lifted it,hc saw, not. the foundation beneath, but a dark deep aperture. Ile caught up hls -lamp andl bent- down ; the light fell on a narrow stairray. lie lifted himself, with his heart In his throat, and paused a minute to stealy himn self. Then he began to carefully descend the stair, marking the direction it took. It wenlt towards I he gardens, andil wits short. and swide enough, no lie foundi, to take two very slight persono-woman say-abrenat. At the bot. tons a door met 'him, fastened with bolts, and locked. It took hint some time to un. fasten this door. Ile know he must now be under the garden lnimediately outsido the study windows. lie. puahedl back the door slowly; it was heavy, and lie wai in a strung-up taoto of dread and suppressed ex citement. lIo found himlnsef in namall chum. her, windowless anlld n cold ns cle. Some very old furniturnin disorder aibout the room lie dil not notice; his eyes went straight to e more startling object--a woman's form, lying facu down on the floor. Lennox scarcely breathed as lie knelt down by this unhappy creature-dying or dead And lifhed her gently. " Good God l" he lwhisopered, horror struck. A mere girl, lwhose head lay heavy on his arm, and hler ing, fair hlair swept tihe floor, She looked uttterly lifeless nid so terribly worn and emacinlatl Ihat it was lmposslble to tintl nty traces of boneauty, or even to what clast sln belongedi. l wasonted no time In con. jletures, butt lifted her in his arms. ie was strong and she less weighlt thlln a child; lie collld enasily carry her up the stairs. In lens time thnn it took tilt to descend lie weas up again, nntl ellrrietd his trange birdeln into the library, wheore the flro--for the nigltts woro chilly--still bnrnt. Ilo fetched brandy andt water, wilen hIe had lalid the girl oa a cotilchi, ndi forcedl sonic betwecn her closeil teeth. Almost tdespairing of- sueccess, lhe persevered, notd to last waited In a sort oi agony, holding tiLhe poor child close to hint, nwhilo slowly andi painfully she struggledi hack into feeble life. hiut her eyes only stared up voguelyinto her rescuer's face; she conul neitheor speak or neovo. Lellnox sail, softly: " Yoll tire safe, niy chliltd; lil will take ntrn of you," tIhotgh hle erarcely knew whethler she woilhl nillersRitd. Some cruel wrong musit thae been dons lur--a creature so young tlnd helpless (hlt it wouldl seenm the baacst collil not horlt her. Leinox fetcliedl his sister, nd l loll lher in a fcs' wirdis llts tritngo llscovery. Nollit, sllrprised and WoUllnlerlingl, lust nIl ttie In putting tihe loor girl in Iher own bhel, and Lennox lilmlcif went for tile dloctor. For two days tlhey nursed her like thir' wnill chi lyitg hi the tiitiomntexlcrenini of protriatlon. 1lennwhie ltsnonx haid senrohed :lh hhiletn chliutiber, und ftullnl I hlre a vessel thallt tatd notalnlnell a portion of water, andil the reinntutts of nonll hretd It w0as no ie to cll in Ilite policy li thile girl coul nllsealk, for overytone elo was at Csen. IoletiUe hlniielf wan wlitchinllg by lher, n?oe night, when she Ilrnt ulplnedtlher lila, (hu looketd dliforont l w;ti liealth lsie wtould be remarkably pretty, h1 put out a dolaleato hand and asked LeMnox ' who be wans f " I am Nina," the whispered. " Nina ?" said Lennox, folding the little hand in his with a thrill at his heart; do you remember your other name t" " Yes-Wyndham." lie was too startled to speak at once; she said in the same whisper: " My cousin brought ime here-a long, long time ago. Don't let him see me;" her eyes grew wild. Lennox smoothedl and re'-assured her, and pro iixed he or his sister would never leave her. " Somie devil's work here."hie thought, when the girl slept; is it possible that the cousin did not die as was thought, but was to be got out of the way by slow starvat.ion; per. hips this Wyndham would have her monney. And his death bas frustrated his vile design." tMutch of this was the store Nina told. She could not recall exactly how she had come to this house, but sh: was clear about her cousin's position; at her death hie came into possession of her propelrty. She had had some food, and no long a.s any strength remained to her, had eanselessly cried for help. Sometimes she had felt half mad, and thing the things anbuut in a frenzy. Her gratitude to iher resculers was speechless. The countryside rang with the story, but the only legal steps taken were to identify Nina Wyndbam; the would-bo murderer had escaped earthly justice. Nina recovered slowly. "You'll be tired of me,"sha said to Lenuox with unconscious wietfulness. " This.is your own house." he said, emil' ing; " you may he tired of Its,' " Ohi, nol hvow could I b e 1't " flow could I be 1" said Lennox, softly, taking a willing hand-" not even for a life time." " You're the beat right it me," Nina wlis pored, after a happy mtinute. " You saved my life; it ought to be yours." The undlerground room was lilled tlp." No one else shall ever stiffer as I did,"said Nina; and even in the eunshine of love and care bhe never could bear to recall that time. 