WAR NOTES FROM ENG LAND. (From our Special Correspondent.) London, April 20, 1900. THE HON. E. LYGON'S DEATH. The "Telegraph" of Tuesday last con- <*> tained its special account of the disaster to the small party of Guards' officers, who were trapped unexpectedly by the Boars on (March 23. Those who set out were OolonelflKraboe, Colonel Codrington, with Adjutant lion. E. Lygon and Captain. G. Trotter, and an. orderly, Private Turner, of tfbe Ist C.V. (Gra'hamstown or Cape Volunteers). Their business -was to ar range for forage supplies, and to this end they made a round of a number of farms eig!ht miles north of Glen, or near Karree iSiding. .No armed Boers were met with, and their mission gave promise of a peace ful and successful issue. On. their way homeward, about 4 p.m., when close to iloaa Farm, Hondci'bek, they espied four BoeiN riding aiong a kopje, as if to head | them off. AH the Guardsmen except i.'olbnol Oodrington. 'bad Liec-M.etfords, and bo -had the cokmkiJ, Private Turner. Colonel Crairbe, who is a ?weH-known good fc'hot, instead of turning aside and rounding the kopje to get back to camp, rode for ward with his Eriends to attack the enemy. Instantly the Beers took cover behind the rooks, and were joined by tihree others. A fusillade began between those with, the four Lee-Metfords and the enemy with their seven 'Mausers. Colonel Crabbe's horse was killed', Adjutant Hon. E. Lygon was shot through the heart, and died without a groan, and within trace minutes every other member of the party had been wounded. Trotter was shot in the elbow, presumably with a soft>aosed bullet, for the bones were smashed; Colonel Codring ton wae shot through the thigh, the 'bullet just missing Che pelvis; Private Turner was ako bit in the leg, and Colonel Crabbc had a. ballet through his forearm and leg. BoA colonels tave been -wounded before in the ?campaign, and Colonel Crabbe's leg wound is close to where he was previously lrit. As they lay upon the ground iv a very exposed position the Boers kept "pinging" away at them from behind tibeir perfect cover. Then a discussion ensued between Codrington and Orabbe, who were lying twenty yards apart, as to -what was to be done,nll of them being down and helpless. "We may as weM give in," said Colonel Codrinston; "it's useless. Wave your handkerchief, Crcbbe." "I'll be hanged if I do," rejoined the bluff colonel of the Grenadiere; "wave your own if you want to." "That's no use," eaod Colonel Cod rington; "it's red eilk, a rag to a bull. Don't be ridiculous and have us all killed; bring out your white handkerchief, Crabbe." And talk of this kind went on for several minutes before Colonel Crabbe waved his pocket-handkerchief. The Boers iat once ceased firing and came up to the wounded men. Hone of tie enemy had received a scratch. It turned out they were a party of crack Johannes burg and Pretoria shots, several of them being policemen. They all expressed their sorrow for having had to rihoot down the Guardsmen, ailegins that it was their duty and the fortune of war. With con siderable skill end. care tSrey bound up the wounds of each of the injured men, and then, Maas Farm being near, carried them fhiiher. Every attention was bestowed upon the unfortunate officers and colonial,! I and refreshments were given, them.1 Their arms and ammunition, including Colonel Codrington.'E Manser pistol, and the field and Zeiss glasses, Uie Boers appropriated as spoi!s of war, bat they neither searched them nor took anything dee off their per 6oos. A Kaffir lad, a farm-hand, they or dered to take in, a written message Snom *tfoe colonels to <3ie Guards' camp,' to send otft surgeons and an ambulance to convey the sufferers back to Glen. In the course of the evening the ambulance and army medicos arrived, and victors and van quished said good-bye *o each other, the Boers allowing their woundedl prisoners tc be carried away by our own people. The corpse of Adjutant the Hon. E. Lygon. was also borne back to camp. It was to have been- interned at Bloemfontein, but his re lative. Lord Hemnker,- preferred that the remains should be buried near iviuere he feH, so the body was sorrowfully followed to its last lonely resting--place upon tihe free, wide, veldt. Coionels Crabbc and, Codrington, Captain Trotter, and PrivateJ Turner were conveyed into the local hos pitals here. AD spoke in terms of praise of their Boer captors, who they declare treated $hem with marked kindness and good feeling. All four were doing well, Colonels Crabbe and Codrington and Pri vaite Turner being believed to be in no danger. It is different with young Trot ter, -who may have to lose his arm. The Boers denied that they fired with soft nosed bullets, and ft may have been thai the missile struck the ground before gmasfliing the elbow. | BARBIE GOES TO BATTLE. J Mr. J. -If. Barrie arid his old chum, Dr. Robertson Kicoll, iwieh to experience per-! sonajjy ahe horrors of war, and are off to the front on 1 the 28tii just, by the Dunvegan Castle. The "Daily Express" puts on. Bar ne at a caiaea a word, Dr. Bobertson NieoH being presumably thrown in. EETDBN OF MR. TKEVES. Treves, lihe eminent eurgecnr, is back, weighing 2 st. Kghter from dysentery. He -was, however, able to do a "splendid three months "work ere he "nws knocked over, and he sneaks well of the ambulance arrangements. "1 have," he told the "Moniing Jjeader," "no connection with ?the army, having simply been sent out by the War Office as consulting surgeon. But as far as tSie Army Medical Department i, comcern<jd, the arrangements were admir able. Those at home ?nay like to know that their husbands and brothers and sweeihearts wounded in the Natal cam ?padgn arc being cared for as well as is hu manly possible. T<he ambulance wotfc, tihe commissariat, and the transport could not have been better. I saw practically every wounded man tftiat came through, uae hospital, and I can't speak too highly of ?toe organisation. The only thing to find fault with—and that was "execrable—was the postal arraagemenlE. If you got one letter- out of four posted <to you you were lucky. Some of the officers only got one in ?iuht. And the newspapers were worse. I had a weekly jiaper sent to me regularly, but out of 13 weeks I only got three. The others are no doubt knocking about eome where." As a matter of fact, one letter for 'Mr. Treves, which "was of the first im portance, afld required an -immediate cable in reply, -was eight weeks before it reached him, amd itben- it did so by the merest acci dent. TOMMY THE STOIC. Dr. Conan Doy?e's trip to tihe Cai>e has intensified his admiration for Thomas Atkins, Esq. Writing to the "Daily News" from Cape Town, the medico-novelist rays: —"Tonvmy is a great man. I went to Wyn. berg yesterday, and saw him in various Stages of mutilation and torture, and I take my tart off to him. Heroic lie is, in his unostentatious patience and persistent sense of 'humor. One poor feHtcw, shot through boflh optic ueiyes—some hope of saving the left eye—placid and quiet. 'The bullet that went ?Qifl-oupli me, sir, 'hit Genc iriil Knox afterwards,' says another proudly. Tes, sir, my corps did very well at Paardeberg,' says a broken Canadian. Another man has a bullet through the brain, and they shave off the brain as it protrudes. He wHI recover all right. He j can only move one sMe of his face, but he laughed jdeeTu?y with that side when I ! mentioned Hector Macdonald, he being a I Hi^hlandter. Another Highlander was wounded at Magerefbntcin, feealed up, and had juot oome back wounded again at Paardeberg. The coincidence seemed to amuse 'him The bone is Tiealin?:, sir. I can hardly hold myself; I feel so pleased about ft.' One poor Mlow was cryin.2 that his sciatic nerve had been ploughed up by a bullet._and. he had neuralgia day and night. Nature wiM in time accommodate itself. 'Lancashire Fusiliers,' sir,' save an other. *We lost 470 men out of 900^-only five officers out of 20 left, and a captain in command. Yes, the IniMskSJin^s tost more tfian us.' A band outside strikes U|> "Sol diers of the Queen.' and those who can move itfoWble out of the teirta. and the others brighten and sit up in bed—poor soldiers of die Queen." THE SOLDIEIfS SCARER. In the course of an article on the march to Bloemfontein Mr. Prevost Battersby gives an interesting note on the effect on various men of various sorts-of fire. He says—"lf any general conclusion is possible one would say that fire is feared in exact disproportion to its deadlines. The 'pom pom,' to <iuote the soldiers' name lor the Vickors-Masim quickfirer, heads the list for 'funk' as well as. u]> to tne present, for ineffectiveness. It lire* a string of shells, each about tho size and shape of a kitchen salt castor, which burst one after the other, hut so villainously quick together that one cannot put a thought between them. Each explosion is quite sufficient to leave a hor.-e without its head, and the whole (bunch of seven or eight sometimes burst wiiljin a dozen yards. Hence the pirn's ineffectiveness is one of the mys teries of the war. vet as a demoralising agent it iias no equal. Perhaps the novelty of the v>"eapou is responsible for its ef fects, and one may pet used to it; but in that direction it is difficult to speak per sonally to much progress. Every man Lap, in I'he way of fire, his own likes and dis likes. Pome men always bob to a bullet; others catch their breath at a shell; others dread the patter of a Maxim. It is not a question of timidity nor of deadlines^, but of personal antipathy. Infantry fire is beyond all question most fatal, but many pay less heed to the .whispered whistle of the bullet than to any other of the flying forms of death." TIIE WAT TO WIN. A gentleman who poses as "Elion, the Astrologer of the North," has Just pub lished a printed slip, in which he tells us how to win the war. Says this modern soothsayer:—"April end should see Eng land victorious," provided that "after the 15th April we should push on -with might and main, while the stars are dead against the two Boer Presidents, Kruger and Steyn, till May." Unfortunately, how ever, April "is the only month England can hope to win the Boer war before Europe may begin to interfere." In such circumstances it is sad to learn thait "It is a very ill and dangerous month for Lord Roberts* and General Buller to be in action, as they run danger of defeat until i:? 21st of April is past.'' The disaster? '..hich have hitherto befallen us in South Africa are easily explained. Lord Salisbury is the victim of an unlucky birth. "He ted at his birth the solar orb in opposition to the slow, procrastinating, and unlucky planet Saturn." Xor is ibis all. "For the past three years L-ord Wolseley has had Saturn and now Herschel and Jupiter all in the most evil opposite transits to his solar orb." "Elion"' is good enough to suggest a remedy, which is. however, some what drastic. ;The whole of the War Office men ana Lord Salisbury" must be sacked and "more lucky men" be appoint ed in their places. Lord Roberts and General Buller have perhaps some inkling erf the dangers that surround them until tfiie 21st in^t., and hence their recent mas terly inactivity. The "remounts" and commissariat difficulties are, however, more likely to be mentioned in history as the cause of the delays at Bloemfontein and Elands liaagie. It would .=eem pecu liar to read years hence that "Lord Roberts halted for a month 'at Bloemfon tein pending the arrival of a more fortuit ous period for his operations, which the astrologer in chief calculated might be safely commenced on April 21," or that ?'General Buller remained with his army in t?ie neighborhood of Ladysmith, the astro loger hems; <rf opinion that it would be fatal for him to continue his operations against *he Boers until the stars were no longer in opposition." BUMJTT MCSIO. "There is a bird out here, a little brown bird like a forambline, >witsi a note that ex aci'ly mimics the Mauser, and an uncom fortable habit of fluting it in ugly places. The Lee-BHetL rord's note is nearly a third lower and ifhe Sfartini has the doll buzz of a laden bee. Between i3ie three there can be no mistaking, but the Boers have four or five other rifles harder to recog nise. The note varies, no doubt, with the rifling and initial velocity; it varies, too, with the length of flight. The Manser's most melodious period is 1,800 yards; point blank it is nothing but a. nasty, nasal sneer, but one may be a poor judge of melody at dose quarters. A flat-nosed, or 'dum dummed' -Manser probably makes a sound which one attributes to some unknown rifle, but the queerest note of all comes from a -Mauser spinning the way after a. richoehiet. It is like the coughing of a sick ghost—indescribably curdling i .Th<'. worst and best of bullet music is tSiat one always hears it 'behind one. Vt is past be fore the ear can make a note of it. But that, of course, is only a consolation when' the bullets are few. T3n the other hand, one listens to dhe panting of a thell or of a bomb a quite appreciable while before the'splitting bang announces its arrival somewhere. The panting grows clearer, and seems to grow quicker as "the thing comes straight onward, -till one can almost feel it in the air. That, if one is sitting still and has ever known the thing to open at one's feet, is tbe psychological moment for which, on a battlefield, one has the least use. But the damage which a shell does not do is "wonderful. A% Dreifontein the enemy dropped one into the leading; team of the "baggage train. The diell dropped between the second span of mules, and -the whole 10 were lifted off their leg; by the explosion, and disappeared in a squealing, kicking, cloud of smoke. As the dust subsided, tie drivers went forward to cut out the pieces, 4he mules staggered, span <by span, to their feet none *&c; worse for their tumble. Such incidents should make one view'Aell-fire almost with a friendly eye. but the 15-pounder is not al ways a Siumorist." MOCKTACC BATTERY ?EASIER. The stampede of the 10t3i Mounted Bat tery is yrell described by a Brighton man, writing from Ladyianitlru He says:— "l suppose you read in the paper at borne about our battery getting broken up. Well, I remember that Sunday might, for -we were going to have a. night attack, and a very bad one we had, for we startedl off at 10 o'clock and got in the wrong shop at about L We had about 1.200 infantry with im, €00 in front, and 600 behind, ?and I don't think I shall ever forget it as long as I Kve, for &c; Boers let tie front lot of infantry go right past, and waited till they got us in the middle, and then they let "drive at us, firing with rifles, and you never ea.v such a sight in your Hfe. The infantry in front ran tight into our muies, and of course they took fright. I can tell you I did not know what *o do, but my old mufo very soon ehowed me, for be turned round and ran ?ofi. So did all the mules, so we had nothing to defend our selves with. I made my way through oar infantry, -who were finne, brat I hadn't gone far before I fell headlong into a trench, and lost my swordl out of my scab bard. After I got out of -the hole I couldn't find a living soul, so I gave up all hope of petting bank aim?: but, thank God, I did. How I did I couldn't tell jkhl There were 1,300 went out, and only 300 got back. We lost four mountain guns, so had only two left, and I have been on field gums ever anoe." DEATH FROM THIRST. Private Joe Wilman, of &c; Ist West Riding Regiment, now stationed at Osfon tein, in ihc Orause Free State, has writ ?t<*n a letter to bis friends at Giriiagton, Bradford, dated March 4. He states that ?lie has been in ?bvro big batfles, ia the first of ?which his regiment was under fire for 11 haairs. The eoldaers were lying flat on ?the wound from 11 o'clock in die morning it£!l ihalf-pest 5 in the afternoon, and suf fered ertreme3y from the want of water, the {hot ground fljsi burning sun in tensifying itlieir sufferings. As soon as dusk came they advanced in t=hort rushes, ?the enemy pouring in a terrific fire, bat one winch did not prevent them from taking ttto -position 2t l3ie pcS?t of tiha (bayonet. Many of the troops died from ?£hizEit, diere ibein*r no water to be procured in -tie neiphboriiood at the time. Tie ?miter concludes bis letter by saying that the worst fydiTinc in siis opinion, is over, an-d etaites tfliat lie has had' enough of it. Tliis war is not -with, triggers, but with men wjio possess guns eqoitvl to, and even Irctter tJian those of our army, and who keep to -ifae hills and rocks. Our men ?have to drink dirty water from ifahe river, contaminated with a let of dead Boers, liaises, mules, axed cattle, ?vrhich creates a dreadful stench. GOLD OP SMALiL AOOOTJKT. Writing -to his Trite, the Hon. Mrs. Rankiu, Torquay, lieutenant . Reginald Ranfcm, of Rimin?rton's Scouts, Conserva tive candidate for the Torquay division, ?vb:—"One interesting event took place in cam]>. A .parcel arrived for a man who had left the corps: so it was decided that the contents should be sold at auction md tne proceeds seiK to his wife. The packet eontauied two pairs o£ woollen cocks, a cake <vf Pears' ordinary soap, nwd two or inree MsTSgi compressed vejsetablc packets. The goeks fetched half a guinea a pair, t-lie eoap IU/. and the vegetables 7/6 a. packet, the total obtained for the (roods, which could be bought in. England for 6/, was £4 12/. This ?wHI show you the value of the necessaries of 3ife on the veldt." THE WASTAGE IN HOBSEFUSH. The reports furnished by the "Tele graph's" correspondent engaged in <Jic re mount camp at SceUenboscih are sad read ing, shotc-ing, as they do, tihat I3ic wastage in horseflesh—a commodity infinitely more valuable Chan, fyddite in "tile SouUn Afri can campaign—is afanost too rapidl to be kept pace with under the existing condi tions of purchase and transport. Out of 660 horses recently xefcarndd from file front only four could be reported as fit for ser vice, and of the rest nhe inspecting officers were of opinion that sot more t&an; 300 would ever be of we for amir euafiO?M. again- Ont of another draft of 150 .sent to SteSenbosch for rest and veterinary treatment, only 40 could be returned to the front fit for service at tise end of a month These are but samples of tie wastage in horseflesh—apart from battie casualties— that occur in South Africa. There can be lictie doubt that much of this -wastage arises from the adhtSnencc of the Brit?* cavalrymen to hide-bound tradition. He uses his horse as a. mere machine, not as a part of himself, without which he is of no use, "We learn, for instance, Iha-t after 48 hours hard wort in the field horses have been turned oat nest day for drills! Again, we learn that the Yeomanry, whea on the march, "dismounted at every poadWe oji portimity in order io rest their horses." Kor this commoireer.'.=e proceeding our civi lian, eoldders are commended by the war correspondents. The fasft that their action was noted and approved by the scribes of the war sSiowb doarir that tie regufcis are not j? the habit of "adopting -the colonial soldiers' method of managinK their horpes.^' as one sapient critic of the Yeomanry's habits termed Uheir treatment of their mounts. It is *o a certain extent a "colo nial" method, for "colonial" in this cam paign, eeems to be a synonym for "tena ble," but it Ss also a method wihich every Englishman who knows the difference be troreen fetiock and withers, and has not been groomed *o tihe approved army pat torn: mentUly, would naturally adopt-. THE CAMP UAB. The war correspondents at tie front have (suffered much from the übiquity of the camp liar—"the tiring wihich eeiids the poor journafist flying from his bed for a 40 -mile ride to wituess fights which don't take place, and causes him to miss important events which he -would give pounds to be on the apot to chronicle. "What is a camp liar?" you ask. 'We?, the "Daily News" correspondent has answered that question. He ears "nhe camp iiar is not a man, nei ther is it a maid, neither is it dog nor devil. It is a. nameless shadow, which flits through Uhe minds of men, fashioned by the father of evfl] to be a curse and a wjourgc to war correspondents. A mining liar is an. awful Jiar, but he ttskes tangible form, and one caa grapple with him when he appears upon a prospectus. A political liar is a pitiful liar, and vengeance finds him out upon the hustings, end eggs and produce of the kitchen, garden' are his re ward. A legal Jiar is a loquacious Har, but he ia bounded by his brief, and the ex tent of his fees; but the camp liar has no bounds, and is equally at home in all lan guages, at one moment dealing with an army in fufl (marching order, and the next battening festively upon one roan in' a mud hole. There is no heipiit to which the camp Har dare uo't asoend; there is nothing too trivial for it to touch; it has neither sex nor shape; but, like a fallen angel ousted from heaven, and not wonted in Hades, it flits through camms, a mental microbe prw.ymTag falsehoods ia W?* souls of sol diers." A NEW EXPWSIVE. The expjosive properties of water elec trically deeomnosed have bteen known Vor years, but hitherto no practical use has been made of the knowledge. It is stated, however, that Colonel Cornara, of the Italian army, has discovered a means of ex ploding ?water -enclosed in a fhermefcically sealed steel box. The. force of the ex- T>lo=son is said to be 55 tones as great as that of the best gnu powder, and 28 times tihat of dynamite. Colonel Cornara claims that the advantages of the new explosive— in addition to its awe-inspiring power—are its email ?ost and the total absence of danger in "handling it. He says also that he can temper Hhe explosive force accoTd ing to the use to whk3i the water is to be put. Cornara calfa Us new explosive "Cosmos," and lie is now exnerimenting witih a vier to making it a fmbstitute for pun-powder, cordite, &c.;, in rifle cartridges. The Italian War Ministry has taken the matter up warmly, and experiments are being conducted at Turin and elsewhere with a view to~~<testhnf the value of the colonel's discovery to ?tie army. London, April 27, 1900. A TALE OF TWO CHUMS. An extraordinary sample of the blun ders that occur in the course of reporting the war casualties is reported from Brad ford. Two chums named Balk and Blakey, privates in the West Torks Regi ment, married two girls who were like wise warm friends. When the men, who were in the Beserves, rejoined the colors, both were sent to the front, and were en gaged et Paardeberg. Balk was reported killed, and his supposed widow duly drew his club and insurance moneys, and was the recipient also of considerable grants from the patriotic funds. It now turns out that Balk is very much alive, and that it tras Iris chum who fell at Paardebeig. It is alleged that the official blunder arose from the fact t&at; the men by some mis chance changed tunics, but it is not to the credit of our system of reporting casual ties that tihe mist* fro 6houid have gone un corrected for fully two months. We are now wondering how the red-itapiete of the War Office wril get round the situation created. Probably about seven years hence Mrs. Blakey will be reminded by 4he re ceipt of her husband's pay thae she was once the wife of a private soldier who fell in the service of the Empire. ?THE NEW BETTASKIA." The first number of the new "Daily Ex press" goes one better in the matter of flaming Imperialism than its eider bro ther, the "Mail." According to a sump tuous article, entitled "The ifew Britan nia," by "A Sou of the Empire," the Bri tish possessions have been "welded by war" into such a harmonious whole that Im perial Federation: is well within popular purview. The -writer, -whom. I take to.be i ilorley Eoberts, winds up thus:—"lm perialism to-day has come uitii a. rush. Everybody is imilHiip and rtiiTiTrfng Im perialism. But only yesterday, so to speak, the advocates of Imperial Federation were '. looked upon, as visionaries, and their ap peals had' as much effect as voices crying in the wilderness. The average Briton, did not take the trouble to ???"> tbe con- { strtntion- and the stability of the Empire. He relied upon the strength of Imperial sentiment,' and, j-mairmg as it may appear, our statesmen, with lew exceptions, bare done the same. The trar has changed all that. For more than thirty yeare colonial politicians—quite as patriotic, but more practical—have never lost sight of the goal they desired to reach. Eruger's ultimatum gave them their opportunity. The colonies pound "their volunteers into the field to show that they are ready and ?rolling to take all the risks and respon sibilities of an Imperial partnership. And now they ask, as it is their right to ask, that their voices shall be heard when the time for settlement comes. Depend upon it, tihey Trill not be satisfied with a phan tom (Empire. The gallant cone who sleep their last long sleep by the side of Bri tish soldiers in South Afrira. deserve a better monument. Let us go forward a few months. The war w3l then, be over. The colonial contingents will be returning triumphant to their homes, and the halo of patriotism nobly vindicated wfll en shrine many a memory. Canada, Austra lia, New Zealand, Tasmania, and South Afric? have already left us in no doubt as to <heir desires. They, as children of the Empire, demand to be consulted. 'Call us to yonr councils!' says Sir Wil fred Laurier, the orator, of the West. His words, expressing the heartfelt -wish. and aspiration- of Canada, find echo on Britannia's farthest chorea. Crown and flag arc bed supreme in love and loyally. But a new Briuinnia has arisen "out of the azure main,' and her character is —'.Equality tinder the Throne. Canada led the way in 1867 with the fede ration which constituted the Dominion; and eren at tbat <tay the faMeedng states man, Sir Henry JParkes, conceived the idea of federating Australia. The time is at hand when Australia, -with the Common wealth Bill, will carry the idea into effect. But £joinn Africa is the pivot upon which great events wiU tura. Here can be nc .Imperial I'edcration until (South Africa is freed from dangers within and without, and until it is united under the supremacy of the British crown. When, that task has been accomplished, four mighty pil lars, rooted deep in one foundation^ will Have been created: — The United Kingdom. Tiie Dominion ol Canada. The Australian Commonwealth, federated iiourh Africa. Upon these pillars will in due time be reared an Imperial constitution at once be tituog the new Britannia, and crowning with gk>ry unprecedented the beneficent reign of oor foeioved Queen." WOUNDED BY THE QDEE3TS EHILLKG. In the recent outpost tiring at Bloem fontein, one -British eoldder was wounded by the Queen's dulling, which being in his pocket passed, with die bullet, through the flei*hy part of his thigh. We thought our Bobs at least was good, But every hope X rolls, To think that Jtobs's Tommies should Be treated thus by bobs. BOER HUMOR. The jntervafe between idasuJtory hostili ties in the neighborhood of Bloemfontein are o'lied by the signallers, who exchange heliographic pleasantries, the Boers show ing rhemseives adepts at English dang. One of tie-Boer questions was, cays tide correspondent of the "Daily News," "When are you going off duty?" 'lite answer to this* was, ""When we net to Pretoria." Another query was, "How is Lord Bobs?" The reply was, "Very well. Is Kxuger packing up?" Then came the crushing retonc, courteous from the Boer, who flashed thus: —'?DomTfc like soldiering, but do like whisky. Have fallen on soft thing, which means haH- baiHe. Come over, be a pal, and share it." Tine English reply was interrupted. EXTBAOKDDTABy STOKES. _ One of the X'ommiea wounded in a re cent action writes home:—"lt is marvel lous -the courses that some ballets take. A chap of ours g<w shot in the leg. The bullet found a way out by going upward:) through his leg, and tiirough his stomach, and ont at his back. One poor fellow ?£ che Lancashire Fusiliers had ids head kn<jcked clean off by'a shell. They kept doubling at the time, and thie man kept on running until someone cook hold of his body. Then he fell down. . . . There is a young fellow on board this 4x>at who was i-hox through tie heart. He is etiH alive, but has lost the use of one of his legs-" . 