THE EXPERIENCES OF A MEDIUM. A materialising medium who is wellkauwn in iplritualiatio oiroles is Madame ? D'Esperance, copcerning whom ' Light ' has published some aooount of tbe way io which she began to know that the invisible world is as real as that which is visible. In her case it seems indeed aa if tbe invisible world waa at first the more real of tho two. From ber infancy Madame D'Esperance .dwelt amoog tbe spooks,' seeing tberu moving in aod out among men and as human as ber- own parents. ,4S» far as I know, tbo first real thought I ever took in.oooneotion with these expouences was when necessity arose for defining and sep arating them from theexperlencea of tbo worka day world ; when I camo gradually to the un derstanding that the world in which I spent most of the day was not the same world tbat the people round about me inhabited. Tbe dis covory did not trouble me, I fancy 1 was rather proud of being the sole proprietor of a world to wbicb my nurse and others of tbe workaday world bad no entree ; where tbe people were kinder and quainter. Itwas a wonderful land, and I never tired of relating its marvels and beauties, till one day I was told that I was old enough to leave off romancing and weaving ab surd stories. 44It took me some timoto understand tbat my stories were not believed, but when 1 did my in dignation was boundless. 1 learned, however, at litst, tbat there are some things it is as well not to talk abuut to everyone ; so 1 gradually left olf translating tbe voioes of the wind or tbe songs of^tte birds, wbicb nobody believed, or oaly called romancing— a word which 1 grew to hate. 41 To compensate for this 1 took muoh more comfort in my human (?) companions, who in habited what I call my 4 shadow ' land, though they wero anything but shadows to me. They were always kind. ^If 1 passed them on the staiis, or in the old-fashioned rooms, they greeted me with friendly smiles. They seemed to like to bave me watching them as they moved about, and tbis 1 often did. Sometimes strangers came, but for the most part I grew to recognise tbom all, and loved them dearly. 41 One old lady who frequently occupied a seat near the obisaoey Comer attracted me ; she looked so sweet and gentle in tbe quaint white head-dress and lice fichu she wore, aa sbe sat witb swiftly moviog fingers under wbicb a stocking waa always beiog formed. Tbo virion fascinated me as I observed, time after time, how the deft fingers manipulated the yarn and the glittering needles, till tbeadea came to me that I might learn haw to knit from watching ber. ,4 1 teased my narse to supply me with the necessary materials, and Ihea tried bard to imitate tbe movements of my shadow friend. 44 Tbey aaid our house was haunted, and gruesome stories were told of tbe ghosts who perambulated in many empty rooms. 1 was horribly afraid of ghosts. I- didn't know wbat they were, but b11 the same, 1 was afraid of them ; afraid ta move from one room to an other without my shadow, friends for company ; afraid to . be left alone in bed unless I saw the friendly face or smile of one of them, and felt certain tbey would protect me from the dreaded gbosts. ' Witb tbem 1 knew no tear ; dark rooms had no terrors for me. I would spend hours ia the haunted rooms, content to know that my shadow friends were' an all sufficient protection against the ghosts ; but without tbem I was tbe veriest coward. Tbis seeming iocoasisbmoy gained for me the repu tation of boing * queer.' ' '?MadaoaoD'Eoperance had ber ears boxed for desciibing the old lady from sbadowlatid who knitted so quickly in the chimney corner. But she got over tbat. Wbat filled ber child soul with boirer was the assurance given ber by the doctor ' tbat other people see those things, but they are mad. From that moment sbe shuddered with dread whenever she saw tbem, believing each apparition waa a proof tbat ber reason was going. At laat, to her great de light, she fouud that they appeared but seldom and almost entirely vanished. 'When at scbool,Madame XyEsperauoe h*d a very curious experience. She had to write an essay on Nature. 'My attempts at writing only resulted in wonted paper, hoadaohes, or miserable tears at my ncn-suocess, 1 begau to dt6pair of ever pro ducing a readable sentence. Every morning I rose witb tho determination to write somethiog before nigbt, and each night 1 weut to bed re solved to keep awake to think out something before moroing ; but thoughts would not come — uutl er in the daylight nor in tbe uight. ' At last, when it bad reached to rritbiu three days of tbe u'lotted time and I had still done ootbing, I waB driven to my knees aod prayed long aud earnestly tbat God weuld send me thoughts. Wheu I went to bed tbat nigbt I took with me candles, paper, and peucils, in tending, when the other girls were asleep, to light my cundle3 and begiu to write ; but, ulas forme, tbey would aot ht me have a light, and, in despair,. I cried my«elf to sleep. '* Next morning, when miserably gathering up tbe scattered theet* of paptr from tbe floor wbero they bad falleu, I discovered that they were covered by clisely-written lines, wbicb turned out to bo a charming, wull-tbougbt-out essay. This, after due consideration, I was al lowed to send in as my work, the handwriting beiog unmistakably my own, though the ideas wore clearly from a wiser and older head, 14 My story of horfr 1 had prayed for thoughts to be eiven to me, together with my own som nambulic propensities, was accepted as the pro biible ( xplanstioa of the otherwise mysterious occurrence. 14 Some years later, when X bad exchanged the busy, occupied life of eldest daughter ia a large family for tbat of a youog wife who for several hours a day was left to her own com pany, I was horrified to find the shadow people reappear, and I began to be termeuted by the old fear of a diseased brain. I never spoke of these strange visious, X was too much afraid of people tbinkit g mo mad ; but the wesry secret w*s a torture to me.' Then Madame D'Esperance began to bear about spiritualism. Shu scoffed at first, but was soon ceuvinced, and a great peace and rest came to her. She got automatio writing aud then she began to sketch the portrait of tbe shadow people. 44 These were generally done in the dark, as I found tbat tbe darkness acted as a back ground, throwing iuto strong relief evory small detail of tbe figuro 1 tried to sketch. At first X was as much surprisod as au\body to find I bad actually succeeded in making u tolerably accu rate drawing under s-uch conditions. I did not understand bow I did it; all 1 kuew was that to me it was not dark. Most of the portiaits so drawn were identified and claimed by the friends of tbe portiaved person, so tbat out af some hundredsdtawu I oulyretaiu a half-dozen or so which were not recoguised.' After eaperiaients for five or six years, they began to experiment for materialisation. At the fourth fitting :— 'Those sitting outside the cabinet d-clared that they saw a baud, then a face, appear be tween the opeuings of tbe ourtaios. I (sitting in tbe darkness) saw nothing, and was dis tinctly incredulous. I went outside tbe eurtains to have a look, bul found tp my dismay (bat my limbs would hardly bear me. 1 did see a face, but sank into my obair immediately, feel ing strangely weak and powerless ; and a sort ol fai-away-froru-iverybody sensation fright euod me vciy muuh.- While iu ihe cabinet I beard tbe remarks of the pvojplo outside dis tinctly, though they sretned to bn speaking miles away. - They wero talking to tho'uwner of tho face I had aeon; invitiug him to como out, bnt; be declined on the soor© of baving no clothes.' * : 44 During the interval between that evening and our next meeting, my friend, Mrs. F , and ' I manufactured some garment* oat of sumo old ones wbicb . we intended to placo at the dis posal Lot our strange visitant should ho coAe again. A garment waa taken to the seance room and hung np within tbe oabinet, ready for use when the spirit came. Ho did come, and examined the garment' ' oritically, but was evi dently not so pleased with it as we were, for ho rolled it up and threw it out'ioto'tbp room ; afterwards stepping out himself fully clothed in a robe of purer, fluer, and more giaoeful faBbion than tbat which wn bad provided. This was tbe beginning of a— ta me— new phase of medium ship, and, curiously « nougbt the more it. was cultivated the more difficult it became to obtain any other bind of phenomena, showing tbat tbe one phase was cultivated at the expense of the ether.' In a book written by M. Akaakoff, 44 A case of partial dematariaiisation af a medium body, a detailed acoount appears ef a materialising seance given by Madame D'Esperance at Hel siogfora in Dec., 1893, at the urgent requeat of spiritualists of high sooial standing. In a subsequent letter to M. AJfrakoff, Madame D'Esperance wrote 44 The peculiar thing about tbis seance con sists in the disappearance of half my body, wbicb I only found out by acoidtnt-. My head, or rather the nape ef my neok, waa giving me a good deal of pain, and I crossed my bauds be hind my head to support it, which seemed to relieve me. My arms got tired iu tbat position, and wishing to rest tbem on my knees, I found tbat my legs were gone, and tbat my hands, instead of retting on my koees, were on tbe chair. Tbat frigbteoed me a little, aad I wished to know whether it was true, or if I was dream ing. There was light enough, so I called tho attention ot tbe person eiltiug next me to tbe strange thing ; he examined tbe cbair, and so did four of the others, and tbey all declared it was truo, and tbat only tbe upper part of my body was really there. Tbe obarr bad only mv dress on it ; my arms, shoulders, and chest were In the proper plaee above tbe obair. I could spcaki move my arms aud bead, drink water, and even feel my legs and feet, although they were not there. During all tbis time tbo forms camo and went, but they only showed themselves ; hsnds of different shapes and sizes touched those who were neareat tbe cabinet. 1 think it must bave continued an hour from tbe time 1 firat dis covered my strange condition, which was long enough .to verify it, and quite long enough for me, wbo did not know if ever 1 would get back my legs and be able to go borne, a doubt tbat made me nervous.' , M. iUcnakoff aud tbe other sitters corroborate tbe euo^e truthfulness of the foregoing state ment, antvvtha former think* tbat partial dema teiialitatioiKmay be a far more frequeut phe nomenon than is at all suspected. This ex perience went to confirm his theory about the source from whioh the *4 spirits ' draw the sub stance for their materialisations. That theory is tbat there are three degrees of materialisa tion. - In tbe first degree, we bave *' invisible materialisation '— invisible to the multitude, but not to tho clairvoyant. In tbe second degree wo bavo tbe visible and tangible materialisation of bands, faces, aud other parts of the body. In the third degree we bave full forms. . In all cases the matter must como fram somewhare, and M. Aksakoff believes it comes from tbe medium. A peculiarity of Madame D'Esperance's me diumsbip is said to be tbat by a bargain -with the spirits, she never goes into a trance, and al ways sits outside the cabinet, and, although she becomes pisaivo to tho point of indifference, she always knows all that goes en. 