THE STORYTELLER. RED HOOD AND RED BOBE. By B. B. The girl *vas crossing a muddy road, with Czeriiy's exercises under her arm. The boy wis .close behind, with the Latin text of Sallust'a "Catiline" open in hiehand. She wis looking, as with hypnotised gaee, at a blase band in front. He was looking at jK,r dainty rounded legs and little feet, in jfiifent leather shoes. A red hood bid her face from him until he got in front, when looking impudently round, and s^id, "Hullo, pretty Matilda!" "My name isn't Matilda, you great, big, rude tiling," retorted the girl! "J "Well, it's lied Hood," asserted the youth, "and ypu can't <Jepy that you, are pretty. Will you honour me by accepting this cabbage row? I intended it, for the head-master's daughter's donkey* an animal with a passion for braying and roses,' but if you'll have it, I'll let the donkey go hungry and roseless." He took a .big, gaunt, long-stemmed, red rose out of his coat, and handed it to her, ghc received it gravely, haughtily. The coiners of her mouth were drooped, her eyes were challenging. "How old are you?" the asked. 'Tin sixteen, Red Hood. And you? Have 3'ou reached the tottering heights'of ; seven?" ] "I'm nine, and just you 'don't dare to epeali. to me again, or I'll tell bur teacher,: and she'll tell your head-master." The boy flourished his bat in a farewell, gave an imitation sob, said, "We'll meet » again. O, destiny, donkeys, cabbage io>es and sweet little legs!" ..Where did you get that big rose, Louie, ileal1the teacher said as the girl was put ting the flower into a vase in the'school room. "That Roydbouse boy gave it to me, Jliss Alice." "You shouldn't have taken it, dear. Vim mustn't take flowers from strangers." The teacher turned away and did not notice the child put the flower back into Lei- lunch basket. The Roydhouse boy was whistling shrilly "Annie Laurie," and drumming on a foot hull, when, after school, a flaccid red rose -\v;ih thrust into his- hand, and a little voice said, "I mustn't take flowers from cUangers." ? ' . He «poke something like "Holy smoke it's the donkey's gain/' but be looked ruefully aiier the little fleeing figure. "You know our new typist?" asked Royd IJOUSC senior of Roydhouse junior. The junior looked up from a ledger that closed with a padlofck, "Little Red Hood," be replied," absently. "Yes, first met het eleven years ago. Gave her a cabbage rose. Her people are desperately poor, and she's -by the way, about that eight hundred bales that the Austrian buyer HoyJiiouse senior, the head of the big wool linn, was looking dreamily at his son, but not listening to his remarks about the "eight hundred bales." There seemed to the elder man a strong likeness between hi* son's face and the padlocked ledger. His son's eyes alwayB reminded him o! lightning calculators. The youth closed what he had to say with an anecdote about the Austrian buyer and a smile. Royd lionse senior did not hear. He saw only the binile, heard only the voice. "Voice and smile," he murmured, as he went into his private room. "Two Qualifications in men before which women prostrate them selves, and-and-he has tnie heart of-ot a, well, of a ledger or a firepcoof safe." Red Hood slaved; She type-wrote ail day for the Roydhouse firm, and had shorthand 'classeis.' at night. ;fle£> father was a nice, pious man, who attributed bis inability to Keep iiis family or a billet to "Uod's holy win." . " When-Red Hood bad been with the wool firm for five years Roydbouse, junior, said to her, "You are so pale and thin now. What is the cause?- Summer beat?" "No, sixteen hours work a day." -She smiled and flu tilled. "Jf. did slow down to twelve a year ago-but- now three orphan nieces have tome. However, that-has no thing to do with thjBse.invoiceaV ' The junior was sympathetic, and got her an assistant typist. -s "Are those uttle curls ,on /your neck ready made, or do you tongs them?", he asked, leaning over her chair, smiling down into her eyes. . . » "They are natural, if that's what you mean by ready-made. ' He watched the rose pink flush -that his nearness had caused fadfe away, and the thin, small handB-cease to tremble. Th£n he^ went back to his rooin, looking -pleasejl. The accountant told him that he had proposed to RedHood, and had been-jre fnsed. The news gave Roydhouse, junior, a pleasant glow. Next day be went 'fo England for a - bo^day. ^Rumour- said be would bring ba<fc'*SLVrid§. ^ In six months .be 'returned With , his be guiling voice and smile. and his single state unaltered. Red Hood-was like a ghost. "We heard you were married," she said in a shaky tone. Roydhouse gave ber a reproachful, elo quent look-4mt no words. That evening ap she walked down to the ferry ber feet felt winged, her head knocked against the stare. lied Hood was ten-;9ear» with the wool people, and her hair had little patches of grey over the temples,- She altered tW. position of her znkbbine so that her face should not. be scwiin side-lights. H6r mouth, that had b@en like.'a ft«sDi red rose, wag like a withered-rose; The once creamy i'.'uniT) neck had yellowed atod hollowed. Roydhouse, junior, much irom his twentyreigbth-yfear appearance. And lie was always «6 exquisitely tailored. I here had been a press of work, It was midnight when Red Hood.put on ber hat. 'ic started and'shivered at the reflection oi her face in thefmirror, and ran in thS «at-pin-with lowered "What a tragip iiavestie I am on the p^tiy-gijfl who came '"to this office nearly defonyeprs ago/* »he. wtiBpereiL VYet, I di(in't thin}t,th«tt, *?$, J, ,W 'PflBjNy.- But WMzrwefyi pretty! How he used tocome in here just look'feit lue! Ten thousand times be mlb looked 'I love you,'yet neverhas thelook grown to a Word; It 'must have been my own conceit. Wbo wants the withered rose while l ose-budB are on the stalk? Good heavens, 'look at my cheek-bone's &nd; shoulder-blades! I'm like an anatomical specimen. I wish I had kept my dimples. A ?w!*'er"rI10w that ail my attractions are dead, it will be easier for me to kill my love for him." Red Hood's boat was not yet in. An other ferry steamer's gangway was lowered, and men in evening dress were coming off and hurraing for the last tram that con nected with- the last train. Eoydhouse, junior, passed, glanced at the waiting wd fnan, then sat down besides her. Save for the two and the turnstile men the piier was deserted. to"??? have to take a cab now," said Red Hoodj "and then youH only get your tram by a minute," "And leave you here alone?" There was astonishment in hisvoice. .. Only for three minutes more. For you it will mean an eight-mile walk or drive.". H6 laughed indulgently, as if she had said something childish, told her somewhat bf the ball from which he had come, then put-her aboard the steamer. "How silly women are!" mused Red Hood. "He'll probably have to walk all the way through staying those three minutes. We think more of a trifle like that than if the same man gave us dia monds. How silly women &re;!" She, did not think she was so very unattractive after all, and when, a week later, the ledger keeper told her he had loved her for years, ana asked her to marry him, she said -No," and concluded that it waB too late to root out the old love, whose seed was bowh when she was nine. "Are you never going to marry?" asked Boydhouee, senior, of nis son. "You are forty to-day." "I may later," came the smiling reply. "At present 1 don't fed orange-flower like." "Ugh!" growled the senior, "you will wait till you are orange-coloured. , Six yeai-6 passed, and Red Hood wrote her last invoice,.then her resignation. She was going to a brother's home in thfe coun try. ' . ' Roydhouse, junior, came into' her room, the resignation in his hand. When, that and other papers had been put before him he looked a young man. Now he seemed an old'one. "You can't," he said slowly. "You mustn't." Then he paused, Btaring> into her unmo\ ed eves. . "The oflice can get a hundred as good as I-in half an hour, the typist said. 7 "The oflice!" he echoed. "What Of' the office? It is I who cannot replace you'in my life-even if I would." Red Hood rested her elbows on the table and looked at him very much as she might at a new kind of typewriting machine. "Go on," she said, presently. ' "I love jrou. I have loved you ever aittce I gave' you a ro3e long ago. You returned it. Wait " He left the room swiftly, then came ba!ck with a little tin box. "Look," as he opened it and brought out a dark brown, brittle thing: "here is the rose. Take it.' "Like to like," she quoted, satirically, as she received the dust of rose. . Then looking at it meditatively for a minute, she asked, "Why didn't you tell me this years and years ago?"- . . . . "Because I didn't realise what it would mean not to see you every day." Red Hood threw the faded blossom on to the table. "It is a dead rose in a dying hand," she said, smiling. "I've loved you nearly all my life, and yon knew it, until my love died of starvation a few years ago." She paused, then added, in a busi ness-like tone, "The Word 'starvation re minds jme that this is my lunch hour," and nodding brightly to the suitor Bed .Hood went out. He stood in thought for a moment, murmured."A dead love may nave a resurrection," then seized his hat and hurried after the woman. 