Local and General News Bisnor Gxubck In the North — His Lord ebip Biehop Green's final disquisition, as fax as Glen Itmes goce, sap tbe 4 Examiner 1 was a masterly one indeed. His concluding sentences denoted the emotion of bis heart rather perceptibly, aud the congregation felt the painful moments to a degree. On Satur day, his Lordship held a Confirmation Service at Deepweter, sai in tbe evening he was entertained at a social at Emmaville, where, ou the following morning, ho preached to a very large congregation. Hospital Ball. —The ladies' committee | met on Friday afternoon, Mrs. Chard, Pre sident-, in the chair, when there were present Mesdames Boss, Smith, Salmon, J. J. Trim, Bonnar, Spasshatt, Lahan, jand Korris, and Misses Garvin, Finley, Dillon, Baker, and Knowlcs. Thefinancial statement showed a surplus of £92. which, with Government subsidy, will mean a substantial addition to the funds of the institution. Hearty votes of thanks to Mrs, Chard (President), tbo public for. donations and support, Mrs. Salmon VTreaeurerj, and Mr. J. Stevenson (Secrotary)i were carried unanimously, and the meeting j terminated. , You may be wanting.some Seed Oats, Seed Potatoes, or any other agricultural seeds. If so, will you kindly see what we are offering, before sending to Sydney. J. Riohaedson & Co.* Auciionekbs and Eakly Closing.—A conviction under the Early Closing Act came up for review before Mr. Justice Cohen in Chambers on Friday, the case involving the liability of auctioneers who might choose to"4 hold sales during prohibited hours out in the open air. One Duncan H'lntyre, auctioneer had been fined at lea lanes on a charge that he had infringed the Act, he at the time apparently acting in the management of a certain shop situated on a faun." He, on the afternoon which was proclaimed a half-holiday under the Act, auctioned a farmer's household goods in the yard outside the farmer's bouse. His Honor held that it could not be said that the plaoe where the sale of goods took place was a 41 shop" within the meaning of the Aot, and therefore \ quashed the conviction. Picnic 'at Saukabbz — A correspondent writes; The annual pionio in connection with the Saumarez Public School, which took place fn Mrs. Wright's ground on Wednesday last, attracted a large gathering of children, parents, and friends. The customary games progressed vigorously throughout the after* noon, and there was an ample supply of re* freshments. The ladies of the locality pro vided the repast, and also worked hard to make the re-union pleasant to-the company. The committee are also indebted to Messrs Richardson and Co., Braand and Co., Will molt, Kelk M'Kcougb, Scribner, Hughes, Burroughs, Trim, Lane, and others in Axmi dale for contributions. Mr. Daniel, the popular school-master, did cveiySiing pos sible to provide enjoyment for the children, and deserves all the encomiums passed upon him by those who attended the function. Joe Governor's Head,-—Inquiries at the medical school of Sydney University on Monday, with reference to the report that the head of Joe Governor, ike outlaw, had been forwarded from Singleton to Sydney, Professor Wilson stated it was not correct that the head came down, but that portion of the brain aud portion of the *kull were sent down to advance medical science generally. The portion of the tkull with a bullet wound in it will, he says, be useful to illustrate a bullet wound in cases, and the brain. Will tend to show aboriginal character. The professor added that instances of similar specimens bring soit to the University are not stall un common. *' We do everything in a legal way in respect to all prejudices," he added. " If there axe relatives who object, we pajratten tion to their wishes, but in a case like this, where there were no friends to consult, and, 1 under the circumstances, there cannot be the j slightest objection to the course taken. In deed, it would seem that the death of Joe | may be likely to do more service to the com munity than in his life." Have yon tried Spencer's for a Tailor- ] made Suit! He has the Late at.* -WE*THii».-—Armidale received o further velcome rainfall on Monday, the record jring thirty point*. This downpour is not jcariy sufficient for requirements, but as tie ' smallest conttibutions arc thankfully re vived" the people'generally are duly thank lul. Hie principal records are :-Tabulatn 25ptfi, Murrain rnli ,'it, MusweUbrink 68, Bin. gara TG, Barraba 10, Invcrell CI, Yctman 18, Newcastle 6C, Kempscy 232, Tenterfield 16, WestMaitland. 17, Singleton 30, Tamwortli 2d, Walcha 85, UrullA 16, Gunnedsh 20 Narrabri 37, Moree 27, Bdndarra 20, Emma' ville 71, Glen Innes 115, Armidale! Hait.Holiday Association The -ad journed meeting was held at the School of Arts On Ftiday night, Mr. A. Orossman, Vice President, occupying the cb8ir. The election of officers was proceeded with, and resulted i patron, Mr. C. G. Wilscfo, M.L. A,; President, Mr. S. J. Kearney; Vice-Presi dents, Mesers. Crossman, Fitzgerald, Kbit and Braund; Committee, Messrs. Masoii, Morris, Boyle, Fotun, Wickeraon, Bamsay, Walpolo, Leslie, Hern, and J. Moore: secre tary, Mr. t'ouglilin ; treasurer, Mr. B. C. White. It- was decided to entertain the offioials of the Tamworth H. H, Association in Armidale on November 12; and also to take part in the procession fpr the .Hospital If- you want Patterns of our New Spring Season Materials, woshall.be happy to for ward them fftyou -(post five) on roocipt of a post - cat d'. ; J. Bichabdson & Co.* Thk Dkf West.—A Singleton resident has received a letter from a friend in the far north west part of the colony, which paints a deplorable-picture of the state of that arid territory. In 1889, ho snys, only seven inches of rain were recorded, and since March of this year they have not had an inch. At Milpariniia, which is 126 miles townids Wilcannia, fresh beef and mutton are almost unknown, quantities. The state of the country is beyond brlief. 1 here is not a spedk of green. The salt-bash alone keeps life in the starring brutes, and when traveling stock reach water they drink till they, are gorged, and are then frequently unable to get out of the dam. Out of a mob of 200 cattle travelling there recently, 180 dropped dead within a short distanoe, "I saw three lie down and giro up the ghost," he says. "To see these masses of bono aud skin, with glaring eyes, stagger by, lowing pitifully, would soften any person's heart.* Kerosene,' camel carried, costs 15s per tin. To put a horse in the hotel stable for a night is 7s 6d ; a 6et of horseshoes fitted, 7s. Firewood, £2 2s per load. If no rain comes this month we are cooked. 3" ' Presentation to Mas. Gieen.—An in teresting function took place at the New England Girls' School on Weduesday evening, when the associates and members of the Girls' Friendly Society, and the pupils and governesses of the New England Giils School assembled to bid adieu to Mrs. Green, Presi dent of the Girio' Friendly Society, After a sparkling musical programme had been rendered and refreshments dispensed, Mre. Green was presented with a pretty gold and pearl brooph,-fogelher with a brief address. Mrs. Green'.-Hbanked the girls and their teaohers for the gift, and was subsequently j made tbenrttapieift of a further graceful I tribute-front the adherents of the Girls' j Triendly j^gayty,.' Mrs. Spasshatt, the hoiP .diocesan. seorotary, read tho following ad dross to- Dear Mrs. Green, AVe, the associates and mombere of the Bsbopseoiirt Branch of the Girls'Friendly Society, wish to express to you our deep regret at the thought of your early departure from our midst," and to ask your kindly acceptaneo of tho accompany ing bracelet as a remembrance of the many, pleasant hours we have spent together. We have to thank you for the warm interest you have taken in bur society, and shall] ever remember with gratitude your many acts of gracious kindness to us. We beg to subscribe ourselves, yours faithfully (Here follows 87 j signatures). Mrs Green responded in grace ful terms, and,remarked that she would al ways remember them with feelings of af feotien in her distant home. Cheers were given for Mrs; Green, the G.F.S., Hiss Harris (the hon. local secretary) Miss Green, and the Now England Girls' * Sohool,- and a very pleasant function was concluded with the singing of the National Anthem. School Extebtatnhbst. —The display of calisthenics given by. the girls of the local Superior Public School in the Town Hall on Friday nieht 'Was very poorly patronised. This is to he much regretted. The object of the exhibition was a most laudable oite—the purchase of a piano for the School-and de served a far greater measure of support than it was accorded. 'Miss Finney, the zealous and painstaking mistress, had spared neither time nor energy iuoaSTangihg the pcrfonn anoe, and the apathy displayed by parents and townspeople generally was certainly any thing but encouraging.. The display through out was excellent, and the spectators recorded their appreciation .at frequent intervals with considerable wsimth'. The accurate and graceful manner in which the various intri cate exercises Wfcre accomplished showed that the youthful performers had been subjected to a thorough and systematic course of in struction. The marching to positions with the subsequent retirement from the stage was most effective, the Whole of the movements being neatly and smartly executed. The' clubs, dumb-bells, wands, hoops, sashes, tambourines all appeared in turn, and with the closing march (floral)—a charming spec table—made up a delightful entertainment. To Miss Finney is due a high measure of praise, for even the candid critic roust admit that she has achieved most successful results With the material at command. MrTonldn, of Hillgrove, manipulated the lime-light effects during the evening. As previously stated tho attendance was not the beet on record, and it is not expected (hat the surplus existing after expenses have been deducted from the takings will pay for many pianos. The toast shall be our mother land, freedom, friendship, lore, and pleasure; D. Mason's suits fit better than (he suits you buy (to measure). Then, hoorah for the Land '(if .Freedom 1 Summer Suite, Coats, and Hats, at Haunt's.* The Tamworth Council has appointed a committee to devise the beet means of properly commemorating the inauguration of the Australian Common wraith, . Foukd B bad.—Just before going to press, ere were informed thai -a man named Fred nick Hawkins -found Mr,. John Cater,: the erell-known pic-vender, dead in 2ub bed at 5.45 o'clock last evening. The deceased was an old identify of £nuidale. An inquest will probably be held. A Credit to nunc Cocntht.—" What was tbe most gallant performance in the whole'ftoulb African war?" That question will never be answered to the satisfaction of everybody; but an officer in Broad wood's cavalry division says ho thinks Colonel JTore and his 400 Busbmpn deserve to be credited with it for their action at Eland** "River. He says : •* Horo arrived here with 400 Aus tralians! Bushmen's corps chiefly, on Augu«t3. On the jpo^ing of the 4th the Boers opened I on them'with a gun, or rather six guns. The | Australians had only one gun, a muzzle loader, and^ the fourth shell jammed, and tho fire was too hot to get it out. - The following morning the Boors got a pom-pom on to them at about 1500 yards' range, which fired one shot, and then 25 of the defenders, under Lieutenant. Arnot, who seems to have been a moat gallant fellow, crept into the bushes, and the pom-p m never fired- another shot that day. The Boers durcl not go near to serve it. 1 hat night Ariut was killed.. He was walking in the dark, and a -shell killed him; Next day Delarey sent to say the whole country was in their hands. Ho told them he had got up his 94-pounder, and if he' did not surrender ho would blow them off the fare of tho earth. Colonel Hore answered that he was in command of Imperial troops, who did not surrender Well, this continued unlil we hove in sight of the Boers* lookers out, when they cleared out. There were 2800 of them, and they had six guns. The Australians were 400 strong. I think those fellows deserve anything." Au alteration to Messrs. Graham Bros.* advertisement was received too late for this Of Miss Pearl M'Crosria, whose concert resulted most successfully on Wednesday evening last, the 'Walcha Witness' says :— Miss M'Crossin has a charming manner, a captivating voice, and sings with a natural sweetness, songs that are elevating. The Walcha people will watch with interest the career of this promising songstress. At tbe Wesloyan Synod in Tamworlh last | week tho Revs. F. E. Fletcher, M.A., and J. Calvert, and Mr. P. Dean, of Atmidalc, were present. Tbe report of the general statistical returns 'showed that there are 3G churches, 109 preaching places, 5 school buildings, 8 parsonages, 10 ministers, 3 home missionaries, 34 local preachers, 1C class leaders, 791 mem bers, an increase of 21, 30 on trial, and 7030 attendants at public worehip. c A team from tho local Superior Public School will journey to tho Glen Iunes School Sports on Friday. A class of girls will also make the trip north to take part iu the displays. The Prtmier has reiterated his statement that it will bo impossible to give each municipality iu tho colony a sum of money for the Commonwealth celebrations. Mr. F. R. do Lopez, a one time prominent | amateur sprinter and rower, has been ap pointed Military Governor of Kroonstad, South Africa, Mr. Lopgz is. a solicitor-by profession, and is a brother to Messrs. 11. and W, Lopez, formerly of' tbe _New England Grammar School. Foe the very latest styles in Hate, Ties, Collars, aud Shirts, Spencer comes first.*. The grass-fed ratn6 bred at Ohio, near Walcha, were shorn recently. One G-tooth ram yielded 281bs., auotbor 25Jibs, two aged 22lbs. and 211bs; one 4-tooth 20£lhs. ; aud three 8-tooth rnras 23lbs,, 22£lbs., and2Hlbs. They were of Scone blood (Gibson and Sons) with *>2 months' wool. Sydney solicitors are having n bad time. The Full Court has struck off tho roll Wil liam H. Hobcrts, he having been sentenced in Victoria to nine months for obtaining £5 by false pretence. Another attorney was called upon to show cause on Friday. Three other oases agaiuBt attorneys were adjourned. A terrific storm passed over Quirindi at 4 I p.m. on Friday, when hailstones as large as pigeon's eggs fell.' Windows were broken I &nd; otlier datnige was done. Why should we pay more than £*2000 a I year to our Lieutenant-General when the I Canadian States only pay that amount ? Mr. Meagher wants to know. And will he say why we 'should pay members of Parliament J £300 a year while those Canadian States j only pay from £30 to £2C0. , s An old Frenchman named Edward Morrell, aged 72, sentenced to 4 years' imprisonment at Armidale on the. 30th Japuary last year on two charges of larceny, died in the Tamworth gaol on Thursday morning* At the inquest the 'evidenoe showed that when Morrell was admitted to Tamworth gaol he was in % feeble condition, and was immediately placed, in Ihe gaol hospital, where he remained up to the time of his death. The testimony of all the witnesses pointed to the -fact that the deceased, whose body was practically that of a skeleton, had received considerate and attentive treatment, and all kinds of nourish ment, at the hands of the gaol officials, and ihe jury, on the completion of the evidenoe, brought in a verdict of death from natural causes. At the Moree Polioe Court on Tuesday, before Mr. Gale, P.M., Ada Harriet Goldby summoned Agnes M'Eee a married woman for assault. Mr. Zlotkoweki appeared for Jhe complainant who deposed that the defendant attempted to inflict serious injury upon her with a pair of flat irons on Thurs day last. The assault was not denied but I defendant urged that it was of a trivial j character and committed on tbe impulse of j the moment oonsequent ou great provocation. The "Bench did not take a' very serious view of the matter, inflicting a fine of 5s - with £ I Is professional and 4s 6d costs of court. The alternative was seven days gaol. The fine was paid. The Tamworth Council has derided to] make an effort; to obtain a share of the | £20,000 voted T>y Parliament Tor the Com monwealth celebrations. Judging by Pre mier Lyne's attitude, their prospect is not too rosy. He wants the whole of the money spent in Sydney. . There arrived at West Tamworth railway station on Monday last the biggest load of wcol that has ever been delivered at that station, viz., 72 bales, the gross weight bong 14 tons 3 cwt. 2 qrs. The huge load was drawn by 12 magnificent horses, all bred on the Bective estate, The Minister forXiands considers that tbe: fore>-ts of the colony should bring in nearer £50,000 lhttn.£i0>,00D a year. Hfllgrove 'Guardian' stales that the Armi dale Caledonian Society forwards a cheque For £5 towards the fund being raised locally to assist Sir. Demean ATTavish, who is in need of financial aid. The paper generously add* .—This help is opportune and acceptable, redounding to iho popularity of the Society which has already established an enviable notoriety for its charitable insiiucte. An Invcrell paper apologises ft-r printing a premature wedding notice as follows: -We find that oar paragraph in last issue ro the marriage of Mr. Oliver to Miss Patt was premature, as although all arrangements had been made, the event had to be post poned at the last minute owing to Mr. Oliver's illness. We regret to bear that he is still unwell, but trust that "be will soon recover. ' The Moree 'News' save:—A traveller to Moornio Plains, Colarenebri, who came back 1o town this week, informs us that the country in that direction looks very dry and parched. Some of the paddocks are quite bars, others with stock in look bettor. Pastoralists, that way, he says, are anxious for rain, the scarcity of water bring the anxiety. In one of the .Sydney Courts on Friday counsel was arguing in a criminal case and was drawing a distinction between various kinds of assaults. Proceeding to illustrate bis argument be said : supposing I took up a dipper of hot water, thinking it waB odd, and threw it over my learned friend, I would only be guilty of. a common assault." 44 And so would I," aptly retorted bis learned friend, who in his day was one of the colony's foremo&t; footballers. The Eight Hon: G. H, Erid returned home on Sunday, after his intercolonial free trade campaign, He is very pleased with the buocqsb of his tour, and stated to a press | representative ibat, "Never in his most sanguine moment did he think that the free trade appeal would have met with suoh a sympathetic response in what are regarded as. the protectionist strongholds " 