THE STORYTELLER THE PRODIGAL'S RETURN. (By "WANDERER 1 " man,^ ^ i ^ Y " Sfunrii i ^ i i j j „T ° f MldJa Sat ° m T ^ j L ^ r T f lde ?l ge, £L e ESifS^&l;" ^If-Sfi™" 1^ a l6tt€ Ji . general keepm appearance of th S ^ n r t ^ g 4 7 41 , th £ S^tely the b uh^h ^-L n J ^ ^ V f t ? 1 ¥ mg haC k > r a - ^ tedatingtiie Hizabethan. Certain it is tha ha d - hved C ? urtenaj h?^ K° m tlme immemorial, the nam ?? SEed on a , fonder o became possessed of a goodly inheritance b more peaceful methods than usually obtain ed in those stirring times The present head of the family, Geral L vert on Courtenay, was an irascible bu thoroughly loveable old man, whose chie fault was an obstinate persistence in stick ing to any idea which might find lodgmen in his niind. Let him once be firmly per suaded that black was white, and all th evidence in the world would be impotent i bringing about an alteration in his belief Beyond this he was a most indulgent father treating his only son and daughter no aione as his children, but as dear friends Just now, however, anger sits upon hi brow, and he mutters as he reads certai expressions which are far from being parlia mentary. "The confounded young scamp! To thin a son of mine could be guiltv of such con duct! I wouldn't have believed it if it wen not for the evidence of the girl herself This letter of hers, which her father eoclo eee in his, is proof positive. And the youn scoundi'el .deserted her too! That make the business eveft blacker. He shall accoun for his conduct, by Jove! he shall, or els cease to be a son of mine." Then, walkin to ithe b'ellrope, ihe pulled it (savagely. "Send Mr. Lionel (here at once, Simon, said Mr. Coujtenay, when the servant an swered the bell. > The man bowed and withdrew silently, and in a few minute quick, brisk footsetps were heard approach ing the library door." "Well, Pater, whait as it?" exclaimed the new-conier, a stalwart, bright-faced young ster of twenty, with -a trace of his father's temper in his strong square jaw. "1 have only now found out -tihat you are a contemptible blackguard," said "the elder man, "and I have summoned you to give an account of yourself." "I! a blackguard! Father, are you mad?" Or are .vou onl.v joking? If so, 1 must say it's itither a peculiar jest." "Joking, sir! Whait do you moan?" burst out Mr. Courtenay. "Are you going to add lying to your other accomplishments? Whait have you done with Lucy Graham ~ Oh, ithait my son should bring such disgrace upon am old and honoured name!" "See hore, father," broke in Lionel, "begin at the beginning,, and let me know of what I am ncc-used. I can see something has happened to annoy you, but upon my honour, I don't know whait it is, and, as for Lucy Graham—well, I haven't spoken a dozen words to her since I've been back from Cambridge." "Read those letters, and then deny your guilt jf you pan,"' roared the other, thrusting some closely written sheets into - tie young main's hand. Lionel leaned back in his chair and began 1ihe perusal of .the crabbed writing, nor was it long ere he showed plainly that his tem]>er was being sorely tried. At length he finished, and, handing the lelbter back to his farther, said— "All I oan say is thait there is some mistake, or else some conspiracy against me. Surely you can't believe me guilty of such diabolical conduct! If I had enticed the poor girl from her home, be sure I would never have deserted her. And this letter, purporting -to come from her. in whidh she blames me for her downfall—do you know, fattier, I don't think Lucy ever wrote that letter. There's something about iShe affair that I can't understand, but I sw^ar most solemnly that I am innceent." "You are a liar!" exclaimed the old man his face .distorted by passion. "Leave my house -this instant; and never dare to cross its -threshold again. I have no son now., Had you confessed and shown that you were genuinely sorry for your misdeeds, I might have pardoned you, but a bar 1 can never forgive." Lionel's face grew pale as death, and, starting from his seat, lie strode towaids his father with clenched fists. The old man rose to meet him, and it is hard to say what -might not have occurred had not ihe library door opened .at that very moment to admit a young lady, most becoming!}* arbed in dark-blue ziding iiabit and f at. u "Lionel! what on earth is keeping you? The horses will dig their graves in the gravel if we keep them waiting much ionger." Then noticing the stern faces and constrained attitude of the two men, she exclaimed— "Father! Lionel! How strange you look* and how fiercely you glare at each other' Oh, whatever -is wrong?" My father has just honoured me by telling me that I am a scoundrel and a liar," replied the boy hoarsely, "and such language I will stand from no man!" And afeam he advanced threateningly. "Oh, Lionel! would you lift your hand to our father?" cried the girl, rushing forward and seizing her brother's arm. "For shame! What lias come to - yoai? And you, dad, what has Lionel done to make you say suoh bitter things to him?" "Nothing fit for you to listen to, my child," answered Mr. Courtenay. "It is enough that you should know he is no longer' my' son, or fit to associate with you. Leave the room, sir," to his son, "and let me never see or hear of you more. You stay here, Maud," as the young girl'moved to accompany her brother. "I forbid you to hold any communication with such a— person as that" 1 —pointing to the departing youth. When he reached the door Lionel turned, all .traces of anger banished from Irs face, and said— "I take you at your word, sir, and 1 wear I will never speak to vou again till you acknowledge the injustice you have one me. As for you, Maud, I thank you rom the bottom of my heart for coming so opportunely. Had you not come beween us I might have had to reproach mvself with having committed an 'assault on n old man, but now my mind is easy. I have done no wrong, as will be proved some day: until then I can get my own iving. Good bye!" Next moment the door losed behind him, and father and daugh er were left gazing at one another, an un omfortable feeling already beginning to teal over the former that he had been uilty of a great mistake, if not injustice. It was night in far western Queensland. verhead shone millions of stars glittering ith a brilliance never seen in cold norhern latitudes. Clumps of dark scrub urrounded a bare expanse i>f claypan, on hich was camped a large mob of cattle. ires piled up with fallen brushwood lowed at various points around the herd, he leaping dames flashing back from many mottled hide and full glistening eye. A undred yards or so to the rear stood-a ouple of tents and a dray, -near which, round another fire, sat some eight or nine en enjoying the drover's chief meal—super—wliile near by could be seen the night orse, saddled and bridled in readiness for he man who took first watch. '"'We're goin' to have some, weather toight, lads, if I'm not mistaken,", said an lderly man with grizzled beard and deeply mred face, who, from the fact of his havg a camp stool to sit on, was evidently ome one in authority. "The clouds stard bankin' up there to -the west'ard just n sundown, an it s easy to prophesy what j at means this time o year \ou 11 want keep a good look out, Charlie, an if ou tlnnk they're goin' to get the better o' call me or Jim there. It takes more'n • man, no matter how good he may be, handle a thousand head o' cattle when ey break." "All right, Boss," answered the man adressed as "Charlie," rising from his seat ear -the fire. "It's time 1 went out and i Jack come to his tea. I'll call you, never ear, if there's anv necessity." It would have been difficult to recognise this brown and bearded stockman, arbed in regulation moles and leggings, the oung: exquisite who bore the reputation fit eing the best dressed man of his time at ambridge, yet they were one and the same. ionel Courtenay, after leaving his father's ouse, had stayed in London only long nough to buy a few necessaries for e voyage, and then embarked as a steege passenger in one of the P. & O. steaeis running to Sydney. Arrived in Ausalia he found, like many others, ithout influence or letters of introduction was well-nigh impossible to get a decent illet, so he -expended his ket few pounds in a ticket to Hockhampton, where he had . the good luck to be engaged by a drover who had just delivered a mob of cattie and • was on his way west for another. Being a ie oc; d horseman, with any amount of pluck, 1 an d willing to learn, he soon won both th ^ f r ^ o S ^ ^ M d Changes drove all the homesickness out of \- his mind. He had been over a year with fi^ employer, during which time not e a word had hjnl from home, and he began to think he was reaily forgotten, And, indeed, now thai the wrench of parting from all the old associations was over, he t surp rised to find how easily he bore ' his altered condition. At times he felt e ^ ^ gia d that things had turned out as f they }f ad, otherwise 1m would never have y "Ail - right, ' Jack," he said as he rode up to the horse-tailer, who had been patrolling round the mob while the -men «upped, "'.vou can go in now. T.he Irish stew's first rate, and the duff's better." "Strikes me you'll be in a bit of a stew yourself afore very Jonggrowled the other. "All night job again, I s'pose, when that joker comes up," nodding towards the dense black clouds which overspread the d t i - t - e n . , t . s n - k - . g s t e g western horizon. "This bloomin' game ain't what it's cracked up to be. that it ain't; draggin' men ont o' their bunks in the middle o' the night to chase bally scrubbers as gets scared by their own shadders. or they'll pulverise act." Charlie laughed cheerily as ambled oS campwards. his mate "Jack thinks no one knows anything about droving but himself," he soliloquized. "He's a good old sort, though, rough as he is. Heigh-ho! round and round; it is a bit wearisome when the freshness wears off, but, there, one must make a living somehow, and this is about the only thing I'm fit for—in this country, at least. By iove! that storm's coming up at a great bat! Whoa! steady there, you idiots! the " \- thunder won't hurt you! as a low, ominous jiuus kiwi growl jruoi from the me fiorasou horizon fteut sent vuc the im?u mob s huddling together as if to combine against \- a common toe. "Steady! whoa back! you spotted devil! By Jupiter they're off!" As he spoke there came a blinding stream of blue light followed instantly by a crash \- which seemed to rend the heavens asunder. With one mighty bellow the maddened cattle hurst all bounds and with a rush, irresistible as the Maelstrom, swept tircongh the fringe of scrub and careered at full speed into the darkness. Charlie had no opportunity to summon a&istance;, even if ' he had remembered in the excitement of the moment fo do so. His horse, trained to such work from its youth, was alreadybearing him at full gallop alongside the flying herd, fighting for his head, and stretching out as if it were bright daylight, t and the rough, uneven ground were a smooth, race track. Soon . he is up with the leaders, and tiben Charlie— or Lionel—made a grave blunder. His blood on fire with the joy of the mad rush he forgot the warning he had received, and, bearing in on the leading bullocks, attempted to ride straight across and block them then, and there. As well try to dam Niagara with a sandbag! Down went old Roany in a heap, half burying the rider, and over _ them swept the living flood, horns dashing, hoofs rattling, bellowing frantically at. each fresh .thunderclap. When they had passed there remained a jumb}ed / heap, battered almost out of all resemblance to a horse, with a blood-bespattered shirt just showing from underneath.- But there were good men and fast horses left m the camp, and ere the rushing cattle !iad covered two miles Long Jim and Black Pick had wheeled them, and were "ringing" them till more help came. The storm passed as quickly as it came, and by the time the mob had settled down again the sky was once more cloudless, and brilliant with many constellations. _ "I wonder .where. Charlie has got to?" asked LoDg Jim, when the camp was almost -in sight. "He must a' got bushed goin' after . -these - brutes. But then old: Roany wouldn't lose himself. There's no fear of him leavin' a. beast while he had -a leg to crawl on. Hallo! what's come to you?" as his horse shied violently at something almost under his nose. "By Ghost, Dick, here's the pair of 'em, 'horse an' man, all rolled in a heap 1 . Poor devil! How did he manage to .do this?" As Jim spoke he sorana from his saddle and stooped over what had been old Roany. Black Dick quickly joined him, and between them they rolled the dead horse off the still and inert bodjr of his rider.- "Poor beggar!" ejaculated Dick,. "He must a' cut right across the lead when they. broke. Well, j'm dashed-sorry for the boy. He was a blank dashed good sort, if he was a 'silvertaiL' " And Dick proceeded do relieve his feelings after the time honoured custom of bull-punchers in general. "Quit swearin' an' come here, you fool,"' broVe in Jim. "I believe I Ian feel his heart beatin' yet! Yes, as sure as I'm bound for glory, he'-s alive. Badly broke up, I'm afraid, but young bones soon mend. Give us a hand ±0 lift him on to my saddle." Ah attempt to carry out this suggestion, drew such a heartrending groan ifrom Charlie that the men laid him down again. "You stay with him, Dick." said Jim, "till I send tlhe dray out. We'll bring him easier that way." And next moment "tiie kind-hearted stockman was galoping ^pampward. , , To give an account of all Charlie's sufferings from the time he recovered consciousness till he found himself "between .clean sheetr? and a oomforfaabte bed in the.Accident Ward of the Taimbo Hospital would, takse up too much space. Once under pro* per treatment, serious though his injuries were, .'he mended with astonishing rapidity. and in loss tiham sis weelts he was able to hoibble out on to the verandah with the aid of a pair of crutches. During his ' convalescence he (had many long chafe with the dootor in charge of the hospital, who eou3d eee with half an eye that his patient belonged to a different class from that among which the ordinary drover is found. Soon "Charlie" grew quite confidential, -and told Dr. McDonald -his name, and most olbis history. -The worthy doc- ; tor sympathised -heartily with the boy, and offered to lend him enough money to_ take him buck to .England, but "Charlie" refused. I will never go back till my^nfis |Sared, no matter-how long it ,.,•„. may be. ,, 1—1 I am >..-A. . -, graceful T nannnf , to >ou aprtW. . wr It".- „ >our , kind offer, thougn .1 cannot accept it. MacDonald tried hard to argue his pa- tierufc out of this frame of mind, but m j rain, and ait larf last (save- <r->™. it- lit up un as a bad job. iob. One morning about a week before the dav on which "Charlie* 'had settled to leive the hospital, the doctor came running into ifche ward, his face flushed witSi pltastii-e, and waving a copy of tne Observer" over his head. - "Read this, you unbefc'feving Je\v! ^ lie cried, shoving "tibe puper into "C.«w?ie*»' hands. "Read this, and then acknowledge that I was right!" "C'-ariie's" eyes sought the piace marked by idie doctor's finger, and this is what thev s:; n. . . "Waated, information concerning the present, whereabouts of Lionel Courtenay, of Courtenav Chase. shire, who left lirigEand in the s.s. India 011 tlhe 22nd June, 18—, and was lost heard of in Sydney three months later. All has been discovered, and his father entreaits him to return home at onee." 1 Lionel—to give him his proper name— looked up in a half-dazed fashion at the glowing face of his friend. "I told you it wias all right," cried .the S latter. "Xow, - you see, you must borrow your passage-money from me." g . Lionel could only press the hand stcctchcd out to him. His 1 heart was too full for n hjf. words. fati, Only ncnw 1 er and th e lie o3d realized j, ome how A flood he. loved Q7 memOTjes came over him, and his eves grew m dl- m The IrtHe doctor, sleinc i W now things were, wrung his hand and wens quietly away. Once more the scene changes to that in which we hrst met our hero. Father and e eon are sitting together, their hands clasped hrmly, their eves brimming over with love. Then Lionel hears how a cousin of his, the j next heir in the event of his disinheritance, committed the scoundrelly actions for which he was blamed, and how this same cousin had forged ;the letter purporting to come from Lucy Graham, which was the chief cause of all the trouble. That recital finished, Mr. ^Courtenay listens Vith eyes wide open to Liohel'e tales of stirring adventure in Queensland, and shudders when the story comes to the night of the rush, as he thinks how narrow was his boy's escape. "You haiie to thank poor old Roany for ever seeing me again,' concludes taoneL '"Had he riot broken his neck when he fell, and thus lain perfectly still, forming a shield between me and those sharp hoofs, I would have been cut into ribbons." "Then, God bless old Jfoany, as you call him/' said' Mr. Courtenay fervently. Mkny a bushman. remembering come supreme service done him by his most faithful friend, wiB—changing the name—also exclaim, ^'Go'd bless old Roany!" 