the MoytoH^r-V * THE HECTOR'S DAUGHTER . {Continued trout Saturday -t istuej ,T ~ , CHAPTER XXVI. — (Contitiued.) . Everything in thehoasa is yery still. Josie is iconsoioua ol a dim «ort of satisfaction ^hai too body comes to molest her. But the sunlight fades at last; and towards dusk a step comes up the stairs, aud there isn tap -at the door: The tap is repeated, but she does oot'answer it. It is either Jane. or Emily, but ehe does not want them ' What nan *iihpr.Lhfiir nifcmr *11*1*1/ pathydofor her? She is beyond all human sympathy ! *Her heart's desire,' the hone of -her life, the one thing she .valued .above all earthly things, has been suddenly tirn fa-m her, and all the world can offer her in the shape of love and sympathy is utterly .powerless to console her. She would rather be alone with her miseiy — alone as ehe always shall be now, to the end of her life ! The one being with whom she has ever had any real sympathy is lost -to her' for ever, and what does it matter what happens to her now ? Towards ten o'clock the steps again ascend . the stairs, and the tap comes to the door. ' Oh ! Josle, dear, pray let me in 1' sayR the voice of Miss Emily Darn, in an anxious tone. ' What has happened to you, Josie? 'Are you ill or what?' 0 I have a bad headache. Only go away, and leave me alone, for to^night' is the reply. ' To-morrow I will let you in.1* And from this she will not swerve. Emily is compelled to go away and leave her to herself, puzzled beyond all telling to know what {can ; nave come over «iosie. At seven on the following morning 6he comes again. This time the door yields to her touch ; and, on entering the room, Josie is found lying in bed, undressed ; aud, beyond tbe deathly pallor and the look of utter misery in the hope less young eyes, there is nothing to tell of j the dreadful conflict through which she had pasped. The struggle has been a hard one ; but having made up her mind that the sacrifice had to be | made, ehe is resolved to make it without flinch- 1 ing. ! Emily, who persuades her to lie still for an hour or 30, brings her a cup of tea, and then, seeing that some faint semblance of colour. has been restored to the death-white cheek, stoops down to kiss it, with the inquiry : 'What was it that grieved you so, dear? Was it something about poor Jack Dennison ?' «« About him and bis mother, Emily. ' Will iyou tell Aunt Carrie that, as soon as she is up, I should like to see her ?' is the reply. With a feeling of distrust that something is wrong, Emily fioes off with her message; and half-an-hour later Mrs. Dennison, looking like a ^an ghost of her former self, comes into the room, and sinks with a remorseful feelinc into a 'jhair by the bedside. I 41 1 sent for you, Aunt Carrie,' Josie remarks, who is the first to break the silence her com- | panion feels so torturing, -( just to tell you that 1 if this marriage is to be accomplished, it bad , better be gone through with as soon as possible j There is no saying what might happen. I ; might be ill. I feel as if I were going to be. J Therefore, you had better make all arrange- I ments to-day, if possible. The best plan for you will he to go to the prison, obtain an interview j with Jack, and explain the whole thing to him. | Tell him,' she adds, struggling desperately with a sudden choking in her throat, a fearful dink ing of the heart, ''that, if the sacrifice of my life will save his I am willing to make it.'. ?'All ! my child don't say that; you make me feel like a monster of cruelty when you talk in that way. Remember how deeply Jack loves yon,' Mrs. Dennison remonstrates. ' I cannot believe the sacrifice bo great or I could not. per- mit you to make it. Why should you not be happy together in the future? Think with what tender devotion my poor boy will regard , tbe wife who has 6aved his life; how proud and j happy the possession of such a daughter; will 1 make me.' ' ' I would rather not discuss the sublect, | please,' the girl replies, a curious little smile ' flickering for a moment over the pale lips as she ' thinks of thaf day in London when Mrs. Denni- ; son took so much pains to inform her of her ! hopes concerning Jack and his marriage with Miss Whicher. A delicate piece of strategy enough in its way; hut if the lady imagined Miss Josie Dorn incapable of seeing through it, she was greatly mistaken. 'There is one thing moie I have to say,' she adds. ' Don't tell papa or the girls any thing about this just yet. There will be plenty of time fur them to know when— when Jack is safe ' 'Then I must not ask your father to accom pany us to the prison and perform the cere mony ?' is the faltering inquiry. ?* Not for worlds ! papa knows how much I love Robert Jonet and he would never consent. We will take James Muir with us,' she adds, ' his services will be equa'ly efficient ; and if you do not tell him what you want with him until he gets there he will not be able to make up his mind whether he ought to refuse or not.' And in this way it was settled. On the day appointed Mrs. Dennison, accompanied by Josie, pays a visit to the prison ; and James \luir, very much to his surprise and greatly to his pertubation of mind, finds himself im pressed into their service as escort. Mr. Dorn, who little suspects his daughter's motive in accompanying the unhappy lady oc her sorrowful errand, himself volunteers for the ? hiit with a fpw nuiet objections. Mrs. Dennison contrives to overrule this plan. She is doing her best to bind herself to the truth ; but deep down in her 6oul she is conscious of the fact that if Mr. Dorn only knew of the sacrifice the girl iB about to make, he would never permit it. He might be inclined to think Jack's safety too dearly purchased at such a price ; but her anxiety for her son will not permit her to draw back now. Thpt Jack is innocent of tbe terrible crime with which he stands accused she has no doubt whatever ; but she cannot trust in thiB, and the justice of Heaven if Josie Dorn is made to testify against him. The evidence for the prosecution is already ' too heavy. Human judgment is not infallible; and while they are waiting for some accident to reveal his innocence and bring the real criminal to justice her boy might be condemned to a dreadful death. She is not particularly selfish nor unfeeling; and at any other time her heart would have ached for the poor girl who is making this bitter renunciation in her interest; and she comforts herself with the reflection that Josie is simply doing her duty, and that she will find her reward in the consciousness that she had saved the life of an innocent man. but4ew? JnyinSbie^Ssolatioh on -the '? fitill^^te^l^lput^w^h^r^ra^eB^^irliBh^ We^^.ha^weBSseema itrioken Jor^ver, JbSel stei^j^^^jCftbthatis.wwUng^^nveylier^ #reaih through :4be -,whole ;fburni»y*^ land n^on tta -flying .The^jrat ;-&5ng *-&aV; . rinses her. from 3ier apathy is the stating of .the ^oor «f the £ell into whtob jm -their vrival ftt the.pnsdn they are shown^ahdwith Bdumbsort bf-pi^yihatts - ^partly fofhE^lf^artlyf or himvJotiielooks up into the pale'^aggard face of -Jack Dennison, who stepping1 to wards her takfis her oold hands , in one long silent cl&sp; of .gratitude. He knows ^hy she : is here ; Mrs. Dennison has settled everything at her ^revlpus interview, ^ overruling any objection^ the young man might i have, been .inclined to advance: and she wonders, stiU in that numbed sort of way : whether he has any .idea of all this effort is costing her. ; Evidently -the suffering and suspense of the past week has told upon him most heavily; it is evident that he feds his position : most jpain fully. It is a horrible thing to be tried for one's ; life ; and tbe ohange she sees in him strikes her 1 with a thrill of compassion. iTo he -continued in Saturday* ifftu.) j 