THE WHITE VIRGINS. (BY JOHN BLOUNDSLLE-BO-KTON.) The charette had haltered beneath the lime trees-which were Btill in flower at the end oE this hot August, or beginning of September-and the men who. conducted it were beginning to look for the brook which might be beard .babbling close by, since both they and their passengers were athirst after the long journey commenced at daybreak. Tbe vehicle bad stopped outside Lagny for the last drink to be partaken of ere Paris ..should be reached and its journey finally accom- plished. Yet never had any conveyance passed along those roads, now BO white and dusty from the long sum- mer's drought, which bore so strange a load as that borne by this old lum- bering thing-half patache and half van ; never had such a freight been Been in any carriage which had travel- led along those roads and had thereby caused old women working in the fields, and old men whose backs, were bowed with toil and poverty, to rim, or shamble, towards it to gaze upon that load. " Sainte Vierge !" they muttered to each other, "they must be her votaries. | See, too, their white robes-and, look, some bear lilies within their hands fit emblems of Her purity-and all are clad in white, while some do smile and prattle. What can it mean?"* these innocent, ignorant peasants asked. " What ? Can she, our Sacred Mother of Sorrows, be coming to walk this earth again, and are the children sent before to proclaim peace to ouf distracted land?" Whereon their eyes would glance at the open charette and rest upon 14 young girls-there was not one more than 18 years old-who sat within, all clad in white, and holding, as the peasants had said, lilies in their hands, . while one fondled a little dog that lay sleeping in her lap. The laborera noticed, too, that upoa all their inno- cent young faces there was a tranquil, happy look, such as you may observe upon the faces of little children whose minds are free from guile and still pure, though already sufficiently ripe to understand" and appreciate how good it is to be in the world, and to be full of life and youth. Pull of life and youth, and with old age and pain and sorrow far away as yet ! " They look," said one old peasant woman, crossing herself as she spoke, " as if they might stand face to face with the good God and fear not, since they have never known aught of evil. 'Suffer little ones to come to me,' His only son said. Surely he meant such as these." "Bonhomme," demanded a sturdy young peasant, addressing the driver of the charrette, who was now hand- ing up water to the white robed girls in the cart ; while touching the man on the sleeve as he spoke, " what is it they do, and where do they go ? Is it to so me great feast under the Bepublic?" and he glanced towards .where Paris lay, " or-say-a marri- age-une noce ? Eh ?" Por a moment the driver paused while looking at the young fellow who questioned him, so that the latter .observed how rough and cruel looking a man the other was, and how upon his sleeves he bore spots of dried blood, as though he were a butcher or a cattle slaughterer; then the . fellow replied in a low voice, though not a harsh one, *' Tes, it is to a marriage-une noce-that they go ?" "Whose marriage?" the peasant asked, his curiosity aroused. " Their own." ".-Their-own ! These children. Why, mon brave, how can that be? Some-that little golden haired one there, to wit-she who nurses the . dog-the with the blue eyes, Buch as the angels had .in our late church windows-Bhe is not 10 years of age. Does the Bepublic permit girls to marry at that age ? Nay, such things would better have befitted the days of Capet's predecessor-the days of Louis XV., of foul memory," and he spat upon the earth as he spoke. " They are brides," the driver said. " Brides. That is enough. It is no part of my work to answer idle ques- tions." Yet, to the surprise of his interrogator, there were tears in his eyes even as he BO replied. And, also to that interrogator's surprise, this man of harsh and menacing appear- ance took the hand of one of the white clad children as it hung down over the Bide oE the charrette and kissed it softly, while muttering, "Pauvre petite. Pauvre bebe." " What is it ?" the peasant asked, staring at the man and his companion, who had now joined him. "What! What 1 Great God !" he exclaimed, recoiling a step-"it is not that ! Oh ! . say it is not that. And they such little helpless things! What harm can they have done ?" Then-because the driver's face showed that this journey was in truth the thing of horror which the young man bad suddenly divined it to be, he whispered, " Do they know ?" "Say, they know nothing. They think they go to fete-a great cele- bration. All think so but one-the eldest. And she will not tell them." "Why?"' " She is the daughter of the one who uttered their sentence-of Paul SalbriB-he not knowing his own child was amongst them. When he does know it, be will surely slay him- self." The three men had been joined by some women ere this; women who, seeing the young girls in the charrette with nothing but some bread to eat with the water they drank, had handed up to one a piece of brioche, to another an egg warm from the nest, and to a third a plum-their women's hearts being touched by the children's youth and innocence. But they had by now overheard some part of the talk and-well !-they guesse.d the rest. " What have they done ?" asked an old, bent woman who had been standing by. She was an aged, hideous crone this, one burned black from exposure'in the fields and wrink- led and almost mummified by age and the elements, yet with still a woman's sympathies left to her, Bince from her old eyes the tears were falling. "They were sent by their parents, dressed as you see them now, and with flowers in their hands, to "wel- come the King'o£ Prussia and the Duke of Brunswick at Verdun ; to welcome them as the saviour of France from the Republic. "For that they are condemned and sent to Paris for--" "Oh!" said a young woman, swarthy and| comely, ¡who held her own little babe to her brown breast. " Oh, God. And this is the Eepublic that was to free us all ! To make TIS so happy. And their parents-their mothers above all. Have they sai d farewell to them?" this handsome peasant woman, asked, sobbing. For a moment the driver paused, looking at her. Then he said -. ,: The parting is made. The mothers have gone before to-to-to -to welcome their children in heaven. Thank God, these innocents do not know it. They think they will be back at Yerdun soon and find their mothers waiting for them. But it is not there that they will meet." An hour later the charette was a league further on its journey towards Paris- Paris ! the very name of which had by now grown hateful to the whole civilised world-and the peas- ants were sitting in the shade by the fountain of their village talking over that which they had lately learnt. It had been the custom for generations of such ? peasants to Bit thus around the fountain at eventide, conversing about their concerns which, though but trivial babble to all the rest of the world, was of importance to them and so they sat now. For although there were no more hateful, accursed correes to be attended to ; no more hateful and accursed tithes, and three fourths of their earnings to be paid to the noblesse; since the guillotine had changed all that, and the noblesse had vanished like chaff before the wind the people still bad to labor cruelly to find the wherewithal to live, and the sweat still ran down their cheeks daily as they toiled, and their backs became more and more bent and bowed, and their limbs ached more and more, as they grew older with their day's work. So that their fountain was to the men on summer evenings as the elubs had been to the men of that noblesse which was now extinct ; the noblesse whose heads were now rotting in the common fosses of Paris, while their bodies rotted in the burial ground of the Madeleine ;.and, to the women, as the saloons had been to the haughty ladies of the Queen's court, most of whose dead bodies were likewise head- less at this time. " Yet, ' palsambleu,' " said one strong, Binewy peasant, "it ia too much. "W"e have avenged ourselves on the nobility, who smiled and smiled and leered at our sufferings, as well as on the women who were their wives. But-on little, innocent children! ' Grand Dieu !' they go too far." "They say the end draws near," exclaimed another, " for the King-" "Hsb.-h sh," interposed the first speaker. ' Not the King-but Louis Capet. If there were any creeping about this village to-night, any agent, any spy, any . moucbard,' your OWE neck would be as near as the knife as is Capet's own." 'Still,' muttered the hand some peas- ant, woman who bad heard everything earlier in the day, " It is an accursed thing to slaughter those innocents. This cannot be justice." " They guillotined an aristocrat's dog at Bordeaux, they Bay," whispered another, " because the master was an aristocrat. A dog is as innocent a creature as a child. They will stop ai nothing. They will-what is it, mere r At what do you chuckle ?" the speakei said, breaking off to regard an old woman who was laughing to herself an old creature almost senile from weight of years. " What ia it ?" "He who drove the tumbril-nay the " charette "-he said one who condemned them had a daughtei amongst them, unknown to¡ himself Oh-he! Oh-he! That is good That is good. Carse him-how he must writhe at his thoughts, this Herod, this slaughterer of the inno- cents." " Mere," exclaimed the man, with Í sinister grin which belied his words, "Mere, you are an aristocrat. Toi should rejoice at-What is that ?' while as he broke off now, he bent hi: head towards the road. The roac which ran from Verdun, towardi Paris, passed through this village And, likewise, all the others bent theil heads. "It-is a horse galloping," Baid one " a horse coming swiftly. One riddei to its full speed. What may it mean.' " Perhaps a reprieve-a pardon oJ those helpless babes," the handsomi young peasant woman gasped in he excitement. " I pray God. Yet-ah !' she cried, a moment afterwards, " i so, it is too late. They are in Pari now-long since-oh! Mon Dieu-i is too late. Too late." Even as she spoke they could heai in the stillness of the late summe evening, the ring of the approachin horse's hoofs at the other end of th village street-it was passing th chateau of Monsieur le Marquis no -MonBier le Marquis, who was take to Paris and guillotined last Ma; whilst his chateau was shut up (luck j it was not burned !) and had no Liberte, Egalité, Fraternité painted a i the length along its front. The anim! ! was in the village street. - It wa3 clos now. It was upon them. 1 It bore upon its back an elderl; white faced man, and they could se in the still remaining dusk, how whi he was ; a man whose eyes were ho low, yet gleamed as though with fea anoVdown whose face the perspiratic rolled. A man who looked as thoug he had seen a ghost upon the road I had followed, or had encountered sou hideous sight that had blasted bk Observing the group of peasants, 1 pulled up the reeking horse he bestroc with a jerk, so that he almost threw on its haunches, and then he cried i a hoarse, rancous voice, " The cha ette. A charette full of young gir dressed in white ! It must have passe here. It has passed here. Has not? Speak! Has it not?" 