WHITE’S SUSPICION. On tha 8th or March, 1SB2, a schooner, trading between New Guinea ^ and Queensland ports, anchored off Turtle Head, not a great distance south of Cape York, the must northerly point of the Australian continent. 'l'he craft did not go within a mile of the rugged coast line, for the wind blew freshly from the east, making tha posi tion ratlior daugerou*. Soon a boat wn* lowered, and pre paration* made to laud a party, and one evidently not in search of water or food. A largo amount of stores and baggage were put into the boat, aud then four men went over fba * aide, where already the same number of sail ers were seated in the small craft. “ Hope you’ll strike it rich, Wilson,” observed the skipper, ns lie leaned over the bulwark. “ We ought; to if all Jaynes says is true, captain.” “ The blacks are treacherous devils hereabouts, and would like uothiugbet iter than to make n. meal of the lot. He careful, hoys, and keep your weather eye open. I’ll not he up here again for • month, hut with what you can get jtuhore you ought to have plenty of grub, .full a,way there, lads, for the wind is strengthening,” he concluded. As Captain Evans spoke, the boat was Shoved off, and good wishes were shout ad to the departing meu by those on hoard. Th* four who wore leaving the schoo ner were New Guinea prospectors, who had loft that malarial island disap pointed with their lack of luck. Their names were Joseph Wilson, Edward Jaynes, John White, and Alfred Young. They had met at Woodlark island, and became mates. Jaynes used to often speak ill a mys terious way of rumors which had reach ad him regarding rich mineral deposits on the Queensland coast near Turtle Head. Evidently he believed the state ment, and soon impressed his comrades with the same idea. At length the four men determined to seek the new El Dorado. Jutting out on a- mud flat grew a dense belt of mangrove, which the boat had difficulty in penetrating, until, after coasting a short distance, the pullers found a broad creek, which they ca tered. ’ | Yliis gave thorn a passage, but the i umbrageous overgrowth threw a ghost-1 l.v gloom around. The malaria of tro-! ideal fever and ague, fostered by the sweltering sun, which Uatued fiercely in the zenith, could almost be distin guished in the vajiors which rose from the putrid mud. " This isn't a healthy spot to be in,” remarked one of the sailors. But we'ru not going to look for gold about bore. Back in the ranges it is healthy enough,” responded Jaynes. “ Don’t forget us, mates, if you make a rise,” added another seaman with a " if we drop on a field there'll be room enough for nil,” replied Jaynes. *' Only we'll have first out." added Wilson. By this time tho boat bad got through the forbidding jungle and readied a Ooint in the creek where beautiful tro pical vegetation clothed the ranges whieh rose on either side. '• We must drop you here, mates, or the skipper will lie leaving without us. Bull in, lads,” spoke one of tlie sailors. Turning to a shelving part of .the bank the work of unloading was quickly car tied out, and within ten minutes tlie party and their stores were landed. With cordial handshakes the boat's crew took their leave, and soon disap peared in a turn of the stream. Meanwhile Wilson had climbed a slope nnd selected a site for camp, admirably situated for defence against hostile blacks, though the men had little tear of them. It was sunset before the camp pre parations were complete, the stores carefully packed away, amt men all Pie party were ready tor sleep. The pre caution was taken, however, to keep: watch during the hours of darkness. Oil the following day arrangements woro made to carry out prospecting in tho country to .the west. Jaynes pos sessed a rough kind of map, or rather crude drawings, and according to these, tho supposed mineral field lay ten miles south-west of Turtle Head, on the side of a high range. After a consultation it was agreed that two men should remain at the camp to guard it, while .the other couple took up the search. Wilson and Jaynes, as the two most experienced miners, agreed to go in company, while White and Young did camp work, For a week this division of labor was maintained, and then tlic two latter be came restless. ltightly or wrongly, they concluded that their mates were not acting squarely by them. This sus picion at length grew into a certainty as they discussed the matter. So far Wilson ami Jaynes had not dis covered anything of importance. At least they told the camp men that ; but the latter secretly doubted the. state ment, They often saw the two whis pering together, and determined to set a watch. On the morning of the ISth March, after the prospectors had left the camp, Young stealthily followed them. So Tar nothing had been seen of blacks, and danger in that direction was des Y’oung had not previously been more titan, two miles from head-quarters, anil was but a poor buslimau. For pearly an hour he kept the miners in sight, and ilion, while passing through a dense b?lt of (twining scrub, they got from view. As ho plunged about, losing his wits in tits vain attempt to get into daylight front the gloom which enshrouded him, it dawned upon the spy that lie was lost. This thought only made him more des perate, and, like a madman, lie forced Ills way along, not knowing whither he went H« could not locate the sun, and each moment his position became Tlint afternoon White looked anxiously for his comrade. He expected him to return before tho two prospectors, who niight be suspicious if they found him Absent on their coming back to camp. Each moment his anxiety increased, and it amounted to nervousness ss he saw Wilson and Jaynes climbing the slope just before sunset White regarded them suspiciously as they came up, blit said nothing, and for H time neither of the newcomers no ticed. Young's absence. At length Wil json said, as they sat down to the even ing tneal—' ■“ Where’s Alf ?” u Thought you might have met him,” returned White, evasively, “ He went in your direction some time ago to look for game.” “ Oh, he'll be all right. There ain’t fitly niggers1 about as we know of,” ad ded Jaynes. When the brief twilight deepened into darkness with tropical suddenness White became convinced that his mate •liad met with foul play, and he looked at Wilson and Jaynes as though to seek the brand of Cain on them. Yet the two did not act as guilty men. They betrayed an evident anxiety as to tlie whereabouts) of Young, and on the suggestion of Wilson shots were fired at occasional Intervals to attract the wan derer. - •« He’s lost his way,’* spoke Jaynes, '‘but if he doesn’t turn up we’ll run him down In th.e morning.” This hope was not destined to be realised, for the closest search next day failed to discover the lost man. For a week the quest was maintained in During this time tho Idea became fixed In White’* mind that Young had bee* caught *pyln* on Wilaon and JaynM, and had been aileneed f*r ever. ■ft ksgl fes ttMHrtft gwtfclftn Beacefc fearing that him own death wmuld be encompassed if lie voiced It. The awful feeling caused him to be come R tuoody man. and at Eight he scarcely slept. A touch of dengue fever succeeded, and when Captain Evans re turned with the schooner to takeoff the unsuccessful prospectors "White looked the skeleton of his former self, lie was. in fact, seriously ill. A couple of days after being taken on hom'd First Mate .loues approached the oaptain with a serious expression on his face. "While is a liltle delirious, captain,’* he began. Yes "He keeps saying that Wilson and Jaynes murdered Young.” -Ah !” "Yes. Can't get it out of his head. There may he .something in it, loo,” continued the officer. “ There may he. Such things are done, and White ought to have a good idea of his mate’s disappearance. Bet ter keep the matter quiet. I'll go to White’s hunk shortly and hear for my self.” concluded the skinner. Tlie result of the interview was that when the schooner readied Cooktowu' twenty-four hours afterwards lCvans told the authorities what .hud heard. No two meu were ever more complete ly astounded -than "Wilson and Jaynes when they found themselves in Hie hands of the police on a charge of hav ing wilfully murdered Alfred Young. Of course they protested l.lieir inno cence, hut the affair looked suspicious, im one pretext and another the sus pects were remanded from week to week while tlie authorities hastily des patched a well-eauinued search party to Turtle Head. Nine days after their arrival there the expedition were fortunate enough to dis cover Young with a. tribe of blacks some twenty miles inland, lie had not been ill-used in any way. but treated as well as the resources of the tribe would permit. A small party of the blacks had found the lost man lying unconscious in a deep gully fully ten miles from his c.unp. For several weeks lie was quite unable to look after himself, and that fact probably saved his life. The ab origines regard the .mentally unsound with awe. Tlie discovery, of course, overjoyed Wilson and Jaynes, for it removed a fearful stigma, "if not danger, from them. 