IIAUNTEID 1AIAPTON. HISTORIC GHOSTS AT THE PALACE. That Hampton Court Palace is re puted to be haunted 'is by no means the least of its many and undoubted attractions, and recently some conster nation has been caused by the appari tion of a spectral hand moving over the old Flemish tapestries in the Guard Chamber. 'An, artist from the South Kensington Museum, who has until lately been en gaged in copying the old tapestries, asserts that a ghostly hand-that of a woman, wearing, among others, a beautiful marquise ring - frequently appeared hovering over the tapestry, so unnerving him that he has discon. tinued, his work. It is generally supposed in the Palace that it is the hand of Catherine Howard, whose ghost has long been supposed to haunt the galleries. Not only applears, but shrieks. Cathierine : Howard seems to be rather -troublesome, for not only does she 'appear, but shrieks wildly through ,the old mysterious "Haunted Gallery." It was 'hero that she escaped from her chamber when imprisoned there before being sen;t to the Tower, and ran along to seek an interview with Henry VIII., who was hearing mass in the chapel. Just as she reached the door the guards seized her and carried her back, while her ruithless husband, in spite of her piercing screams, which \vere heard almost all over the palace, con tinued his devotions unmoved. And in this gallery a female form dressed in white has been seen comning'towards the Royal pew, and just as she reaches it hurries ,back with. a look of des5pair, uttering unearthly shrieks unitil she passes through the door at the end of the gallery. The gallery is now the lumber-room, for old pictures, and as the 'staircase is locke'd' up the voice of the shrieking Que-On is but rarely heard. Another of Henry's wives, Jane Sey mour, also haunts the old-world rooms; a spectre has been seen to emerge from the doorway in the Queen's old apartments, and wander about ivith a lighted taper in her hand on the stairs, and in the neighbouring Silverstick Gallery. And yet another. Another and better-known Hampton Court ghost, the accounts of whose appearance are much more definite and circumstantial than are u'sually forth coming in such cases, is that of Mis tress Sibell Penn, who, in October,1.538 -exactly a year after Jane Seymour's death-became foster-mother to the young Prince Edward. She diedi at Hampton Court in 1562, and was buried in Hampton Church, which was pulleo down in 1829, and Mistress Petnn's tomb was irreverently disturbed . and her rem'ains scattered, although one account states that her body had pre viously been removed. SBut whenever the. desecrati?n oc curred, certain it is --s-o the story goes -that -immediately after the shifting of Mistress Penn's monument strange' noises, as of a womnan working at a spi'nninig-wheel, and muttering the while, were heard through the wall of one of -the rooms in the large apart merlt in the south-west wing of the Palace. When search was made by the B-oard of Works in the direction whence these mysterious sounds pro ceeded, an ancient, and until then un known, chamber. w-as discovered, in which an. antique spinning-wheel was found, and the, old oak planks were' seen to be worn away where the treadle dtruck the floor. The idea broached at the time was that, on ac count of the desecration of the tomb, her spirit had returned. to -haunt the rooms she had occupied during life. Why did they come back? : :No further mantifestations were noticed until a few years ago, when the phenomena were renewed, and have since become increasingly frequent'.and startling. The low whirr of an unseen spsinning-wheel, 'the weird mutterings of a sepulchral voice, and: the stealthy tread of invisible feet have been heard' by many; andi it is further. aflirmed that Mistress Penn's, tall, gaunt form, dressed in a long grey robe, with a hood over her head, and long hands stretched out before her, has been seen in the haunted chamber. This super natural visitation was rendered the more i~npressive fromn ,the narrator .being a recent arrival at the Palace, and ignorant of the legend. The judlkment of even the most sceptical has been shaken by Mistress Sibell's vagaries, and she may certainly claim to rank among the 'best authen ticated historical ghosts. - "Morning Leader." 