ITEMS OF INTEREST. | j i An Adelaide telegram states : " It is ; generally understood aniinig Federalists I and others who ln-t .Mr Deakin ! to day that Mr Barton will be sent for by Lord Hopetouu to form a Ministry. The first- Cabinet will include all the present Premiers of the colonies, in addition to Mr B. R. Wise, of Svdnev.'' On Sunday next a flower excursion train is to run iVom Kalgoorli" to 1 Goongarrie, wIctc at present there is a gorgeous di-play of wild (lowers. 1 The Goongarrie lake is snid to present ; a magnificent spectacle, the islands , being a mass of bloom. Passengers will ! make the return journey from Kalgoorlie | for the small sum of four shillings. ' It should pay the department well to run | an excursion from Meir/ies also. Considering the number who have i recently made excursions to the Ghost Rocks for the purpose of securing flowers, it cannot be doubted that a special train to Goongarrie would be very largely patronbed. The success or otherwise of the e.\' ursion from Kalgoorlie will necessarily be the b. j st guide to the department as to wheilur it is ixpedientto run hirther trains, and if the ex peri 111 en t proves successful the people of Menzies will have a strong claim to consideration. Special attention is directed to an announcement published elsewhere in reference to the meeting of the Federal Referendum committees, to be held at the council chambers this afternoon. Members of all committees aie invited to attend. The organising secretary, Mr C. 13. liardwicke, v.id submit a statement, and the ladies who have been working so energetically during the past few days wi;l be able to report the progress made. Further c msideration will be given to the {dan of campaign, as a great effort will be made to record 011 the dlst inst every available vote in and out of Menzies. A meeting of the committee of the Menzies Turf Club was held at the Grand Hotel 011 Wednesday evening, the Warden (Mr W. Latubdon 0\v«n) [(residing. The 0111 er members present were: Messrs Feigu-.on, Duncan, Stuart, Johnson, Harold, Bromley, and Henderson. It was decided to hold a two days' race meeting, and to apply to the W.A.T.C. for August 81 and September 1. It had been previously decided to hold the meeting on September 5 and G, but an alteration was denned advisable in order that the meeting might fall immediately after the Licensed Yictuallers' races to be held at Kalgoorlie 011 August 2'.). Messrs Nicholas, Harold and the secretary (Mr C. R. Arnott) were appointed a subcommittee to draw up. a programme, the amount of ?bices not to exceed £350. As the year ni ls on duly dl, the new committee to be appointed will takeover ihe management of the meeting. Messrs Cogan Bros, Menzies, ] ave now on sale an extensive r r t m e n t of overcoats, which they are offering at extraordinarily low prices. Mr'C. W. Arnott arrived in Menzies last evening, having accomplished the 100 miles journey from Mi Morgans on his bicycle in less than twelve, hours. Mr Arnott states that the people of Mi Morgans are working energetically in the interests of Federation Some excitement was caused in the northern town yesterday by a driving accident to Constables Harris aid Tionpsen (late of Mcnziis), a rep-.it of which is published elsew here. At the meeting of Hie Literary Society last night, the chairman of the evening, Warden Owen read an interesting paper entitled " Labor and Capital." The paper did not profess to deal with the great underlying problems involved in this subject, but it gave a number of interesting points that had come under the reader's notice, together «ith a general admission that there is something unsatisfactory in the existing condition of affairs. An interesting discussion of a conversational character followed, but most of the speakers wandered into the unfathomed depths of this profound question. On the whole a pleasant evening was spent, and the proceedings terminated with the usual vote of thanks. 