. ANGLICAN". The Bishop of Tasmania and übe Bishop of Perth arrived at Coolgardie and were accorded a civic reception on their arrival and a public welcome in the evening. The Bishop of Tasmania ad- dressed the gathering, and made an ap- peal for funds in order that ah assistant bishop might be appointed, and the mis- sion work extended. The Bishop of Tasmania and the Bishop pf Perth went to Kalgoorlie from Coolgardie on .Tune 2, and were officially welcomed hy the Mayor and councillor}. A large gathering of citizens, including the clergymen of the various denomina- tions, were present to meet'the distin- guished visitors, whose health was pro- posed by the-Mayor. The Bishops briefly returned thanks for the welcome given to them, and the proceedings termi- nated. - St.' John's, Fremantle.-At St. John's Church, Fremantle, on Sunday morning the sermon was preached by thc Bight Rev. the Lord Bishop of Tasmania. His Lordship appealed strongly for help to be given to the fund for "establishing 'an Assistant Bishopric in Western Aus- tralia.: In the evening the sermon was preached by the Bishop of Perth, Dr. Riley, who delivered an eloquent and stirring address on blasphemy, against the Holy Ghost. On Friday, June 1» a meeting was held in St. George's Church ol England parish hall. Kalgoorlie, to consider the matter of establishing an assistant- bishopric in Wes- tern Australia. The gathering was all the more notable by reason of the fact that the speakers included Bishops Montgomery and Riley as well as the diocesan secretary, the Rev. D. J. Garland. The rector, the Rev. Gordon Saville, and the Bevs. E. M. Collick and Gill were also present. On the proposition of Dr. Montgomery, a re- solution was adopted that the members of the church should do their utmost to help the assistant-bishopric scheme. A vote of thanks to Bishop Montgomery was pro- posed by Bishop Riley and passed, and the proceedings then took the form of a social. The visitors returned to Perth on Saturday afternoon. On the 26th ult. the Bishop left for Albany to meet Dr. Montgomery. Bishop of Tasmania. He preached at that Ílace on Sundav moraine-, returning to erth with his guest in the evening. A social was held on Monday at St. Géorge's Hall to welcome the visiting Bishop, the chair being'occupied by the Dean. On Tuesday an address was given by Dr. Montgomery at Bishop's House on "Mission Work," and in' the evening a social was beld at Fremantle. The Bishops, accompanied by the Rev. D.. J. Garland, Diocesan Registrar, left for Coolgardie on the 30th ult. to attend a meeting advocating the Assistant' Bishopric scheme. This is the special missionary effort of this diocese to cele- brate the jubilee of missions, a move- ment closely associated with Dr. Mont- gomery, and largely to which we owe his Lordship's visit. > On Friday a similar' meeting Was attended at Kal- goorlie, and the visitors returned to Perth on June 2. PRESBYTERIAN. The Rev; J. Gilmore.-The Rev. J. Gil- more, the newly-arrived Presbyterian minister, sent to this colony by the Irish Presbyterian Church, preached on Sunday morning at Cottesloe, and in the evening at St. Andrew's Church, Pier-street. There was a large congregation on the latter occasion. The preacher made a most favourable impression on his hearers, the subject matter and the style of his dis- course alike boing acceptable. WESLEYAN". Charles-street Wesley Church.-Tfie anniversary.'-services of Charles-street Wesley Church .were celebrated on Sun- day. The Rev. Thomas Bird, secretary to the Western Australian Wesleyan Me- thodist Conference, conducted the mern ing service^ and preached a sermon on "The Communion of the Sanctuary.1' A golden offertory was taken at the ser- vice. In the evening the pn-sident of the conference, the Rey. G. E. Rowe, took the service, and a number of an- thems were sung by the 'church ch » r, the theists being Mrs. Barker and Miss Ctt.iway. A large congregation was present at each service. Thc anniver- sary celebrations were continued oh Mon- day evening by a tea and public meeting. During the evening service at the Wesley Church, Fremantle, on Sunday, the Rev ~G. E. Wheatley brought forward tho following motion:-"The congregation of Wesley Church, Fremantle, comprising 750 .per- sons, having hoard that Y. Okawa, of Market-street, is applying for a colonial wine license for bis restaurant -on pre- mises in the immediate vicinity of the church (the entrance to Y. Okawa's shop being exactly 55ft. Gin. from the side ?entrance to Wesley Church), the congre- gation respectfully, but most earnestly, requests the Liceusing Bauch uot to grant tho application. The congregation further I protests against the granting of such licenses to aliens, as being detrimental to j tho best interests of tba country, expe- rience having proved that many licensed wine shops »re more injurious to the town than ordinary licenses. The congregation, by a rising vote, requests the minister to sign this protest cu their behalf and for- ward the samo to thu Licensing Bench." The motion was carried bj' everyone pre- sent rising: to their feet. A Northampton correspondent writes: -The first anniversary of thc Northamp- ton Wesley Band of B.ope was celebrated in the Mechanics' Institut? on Thursday, May 17 The hali was suitably arranged for the occasion, and the Rev.. G. McLaren occupied thc chair. After opening the meeting with a hymn, the programme was proceeded wit J. The first item was a pianoforte duet h- Misses Minnie and ClaraiilitclieH. Miss Idly Okley recited "The Annual Festival Address." " Then followed a " tempe- rance" drill hy twelve junior members, conducted by. Miss Donegan. This was worthy of great praise. Edward Scott was very popular with his negro Song, "Little Sam." Other items were a dia- logue by three members; recitation, "Death pf De- Bourne;" duet (comic), Misses Donegan and Scott; recitation, "Topsy Johnson;" song, "Always take mother's advice," Mr. Willie Hasleby. Miss Scott then recited " The Gambler's Wife," followed by a dialogue, "Miss Burton's Troubles." This was received with much applause and laughter. The next item was a song, by Mr. J. Mansell, who was recalled.- Then followed: Re- citation, Miss Clara'Mitchell ; pianoforte duet; Misses Scott and A. Donegan; song. Mi's. Scott; recitation, "I'm so tired," Miss Edie White; song, "No- body's Child," Miss Scott; recitation, Davie Woolf ; recitation, Louie Cairns ; song, Miss Clara Mitchell; recitation, Miss Edie Harvey; pianoforte solo, Miss Minnie Mitchell. The secretary read the annual report, which showed encouraging results for the labour of the year, xhere are nqw 49 members J on the roll. The financial statement^ was satisfactory. The secretary ex*, "plained briefly the constitution of the Band of Hope. Tts chief object is to ' promote the cause of temperance, throughout the town, and to afford op portunities for the young people to de- velop their vocal and oratorical talents. Miss White then recited " A Plea," and Miss Scott rendered a pianoforte solo. Next came the popular dialogue, "Mr. Snook's Sorrows,'' which was received with milch appreciation. The chair- man, at the close of his address, spoke in appreciative terms of the work done by the Rev. R. R. Fleming, founder and first president of the Band pf Hope ; of Miss Donegan, who had carried on sec- retarial duties very successfully; of Mrs. Scott, who had always attended to the musical part; and of the members who-.had .so willingly taken part in the programme. He then called for three cheers for the " Westralians" in South Africa, and, after singing a verse of the National Anthem a very enjoyable en 'tertainment was brought to a close with the Benediction. 