w— — ; 'Councjl, Tiie only mombera nbeqntlroni Inst qight's mooting woro Aldormou BlaoknH and Hnr- ria (tho iattqr on leqvo of'absoneq.) s Tho cbrrospoudenco roceived nnd dqalt with included — " ' , .. i ' A lottor froqi.ttq.ojynqrof certain di- (apidatod buildings n tho oast on|Af Maq quo.id-stroet undertaking to hnvohthprn re moved. . i;y 2\. Prom T. Butt!o,'-aaki8g -ta.,,hur,'0 the footpoth in front of his cottages gravelled. Grnntod. 3\. Prom tho Mayor of Cowra, inviting tho Council to co-oporato with thom oiid other municipalities in moving Parliament to so amend tho Municipalities Aot as to provido for froo postage of municipal cqr- respondonco. It was arguod in tho disous- eion thot followed on tho matter that tho pootago on muuioipol corrospondonco was a houvy tax on ratopayors, aihd that tho sum thus spont ought to ho applied to munici pal improvoments. Resolved to co-oporato. 4 From J. M. Atkinson, soorotary to tho raoveiront for equipment of a Bushmon's Contingent for South Africa, soliciting the aid of tho Oounoil. 'Alderman Firth, in moving that a moot ing ho oalloil by the Mayor for the objoot sohcitod, said tho 111 ghost - authorities in England woro of opinion that no body of militaiy woro so good a match for the Boors as tho stookmoni qnd roughrido'rs of the Australian colonies. AldormanDixio socqndqd.aiid tho" motion woe carriod. Aldei-mah Dixie submitted the, Fiuahco Report, showing the following credit bal- ancoo; Gonoral acoourit, £47/4/10;- light ing, £03/1/3! -park, £8/1/. Ho also' pre sented claims for payment, .and movod that tho roport.bo adopted undthc accounts paid. The motion was socondod, put, aud carriod. Tho usual-roport of tho working ovorscor dotailing his duties discharged was rood and adoptod. 1 " Tho work inoh/dod tho romoval fiom tho river and dostruotion of the caioasos of a horeo aud a oow. Tbo ownership of tho horsq, was unknown ; qnd in the cqso o(. tho cow; whoso ownorship ?ffl'admitted, itwa3 oi-dqrcd that tho owner; pjyhall ,oxp onsoe of tho ranioviil. ' vf i .i An application for a dray liconco wosput in by W. Mcintosh and referred to the li censing commi(tDo. It woe reoolyed that tho works committeo see to aome repairs urgently necdad near J. Brecn'e rosidence in Atkinson-sq-oet. Apphcationa from several miik-vondors foy registration woro receivod, ( and tho re port of tho ih'speotor of. daii-ios being fov- ourablev the applications woro granted. ' Aldorman Hincksmnn drow nttontion to .the qreyalonoo within the stijpote nnd,' roads of tho borough, of tho wood collod ' cock- spur ' thietlo, and suggested tho omploy- mout of n couple of men to destroy them. It was slated that tho maintenance men on thoroads outsido the borough woro cutting thpm up, and that thero was no tiinq to ho bb lust'in doing the sdtph'thTug within' tho' borough, > ' t -. - - Tho Mayor promised that tho matter should rocoive immediate attention Alderman Dixie drow attention to tho nocossity.of making tho thoroughfares from tho- rqiiitay statiqq --Wf anjl/dhiilwiiy-Bt. to tho now roail-ioadiiigf from 'tbo la'ttor thoroughfare across tho nvorto the.Ynss- road iu good onlorj.iand moved that the. ovoraoer. of works hq qsEol to make an es- UihatooI-thoco'stV'./ - A discussion "followed iii which tho quos- tiqnof dedication oropped. up; iuid Aldorman Knox, socoioliiig the l-oeolu- tion, said it was only nucossary to put- in order Railway-street, and £20 would do that. Tho Council, dospito non-dodication, hod by its own oote rondbrod itself iliablo for tbo work raqiftrad. ' ' The Mayor was of tho same opinion, and besides that it was fair to the ra'to-poyeiB thoro that'it should bo dono. " The motion was put and oorriod. A resolution wad "oa'fried directing the rvorks commfttoQ to inspect an'd ropoit.ht noxt mooting on somo utrkoiit work noodod in Compboll-strcot. ' . Somo'- convorsatjon also aroso about a rumouro grant' of £120 for flio'XJrayarra- road within tho municipality nnd tho con dition imposod of employing' day-labour thoroou at a wagos rate of 7/ per'day. . Tho Mayor quid tboro was as yet no offi cial, intimation of tho graljf, hut ho know it to bo aiitheatio, ' ' ' ' Tho Council business ondod, 'tho mombors sat as a commons trust, " ' A letter was from' the auditora, asking for an inciqase of thoir fees on account of tho extra work impbsbd-in connection with tho comimonB acpountsi-v-'... Tho opplication was ordered to ligon tho table for considoratibtt;,!';lv f ;' Tho fiuanoial s'toTomoV was submitted aud adopted, showing g oredit haianbo of £0/14/3. ' .? " V. " On accon'nt of- tho tomporSry prossuro qf work it woo decided to employ tho oom- monB hordsman for full' time from tho 8th instant for at least ono month. Tho mo tion was carriod on tho casting voto of tho Mayor, A motion was submitted by Alderman Firth'and carriod, that from this date the meetings of tho commons, trust bo hold only monthly. ' ' . Tho incatiug then rosb. 