I'The Netherlands and Protestantlim. \--0--- AN ADDRESS TO QUEEN WILtIELMINA. STg Bayv. J, Bvazees. M.A., has received ,a sapuvenir of a unique historical event. .It is h -photographic copy of the addreca presented to the Queen of Holland from the 'A,.llianoe of Reformed Ohurches holding : the Presbyterian system." The addrese, ,which was drafted in 1899, but only pre .aented in April last, was signed by the -Moleratore of the Presbyteriiu Ohrbroes t$rotighout Iurope, 4eia, Africa. America, Ard Augtralata, Mr. Purges having Appended his name on behalf of the Church In Bew.aouth Walet. Both the Queen and Queen-Mother were highly gratified at the remembrance of the early kindnees of their anoestore to the Church of the Reformation in the time of persecution, and they wete inhterested in the list of the Ohurches in the Alliance, as shown by the signatures of the • odoratore, and also by the manner in tbhich these Ohurches are spread all over thr world. 'The addroee is o? follows I 'May it ploafo your Majesty, wde, the titideralgncd, repreoenting the Preobyterian Churches throughout the world, approach your 4ejesty with pioeound reopeotto offer y pp'ratlaetionu on your l:,aosety'ae c Seepaon to the throne of the oerherlands. R' your Majesty'o ancestors of the House of Orange, and to the people of your land, the Preabyterian branches of the Reformed Church are under obligations never to be forgotteih. In the troubled period follow. ing the Reformation it was to the Nether lahde that the nuguenote of France, the Waldenses of Ltaly, the Covenanters of SSotlapd, and the Puritans of noi-r.a -"' 'ty other., fled or relief from the poere gihtton under which they euiored in their an abdeb.' "'Tobiir people received the edugede with allt Chrtstiad affection, mak n providioeo for their noceooities and . l?wing themi perlect freedom to worship od i while your princes boonmo their pro toptore ega~nst cyery foreign Power that tqught to do them harm. BSice that period, Sll.ogwlP largely .to the help and protec tion then so freely given, the Peeabytorran Church has, under the bleoolng of God spread into many a land. In these, it hle prospered greatly1 until . the -. a?S~I .rsh-in .- aggregate Stus differoent branuohe amounts at present to some twenty-flve million eoul~e. )Different no are the languages that these mrllhoas emrr.loy, yet they are all one in their feith, thceibhjepe, tneir love, and in their conetaLt activity to advance the glory and enlarge the King domt of the Lord and saviour Jesue Chrieti'. Gratefully recalling this indebted ness of our fathere, we gladly acknowledge the benefits that have thereby resulted to oireelves, and humbly claiming your Meajesty ea a tolmbor of the- Pree yterian household, venture on this happy occasion, and, speaking on behalf of the harohoee we represent, to expresse he deep gratification we feet at the siguoal honor whichb God and your people have conferred upon you' Majesty and your Majesty's royal house We pray that Almighty God, our lI~ther in Heaven, may long conticao to enrich your Majesty with the bloasings of his grace and favor; that he may grant you a long and happy reign over an attached and proopor Oua people, enabling you as a Christianr, sovereian ever to advanc tbo interests of that Kingdom which is rightoouenrbe, peace, and joy in the IHoly Ghost, and that when the days of your earthl, reign have. ended Ho may bestow upon you that Orown of righteouesnes which fadeth not away," 