TIE HSMiRIST'S CRIME JC*£±V*«'. ? ? ? ? ?. ? ♦ \--' -? n-'iiV- i- ? J. ?^TTBLISHEB BY 8?]E0'lAI- ARRANGEMENT. i *2$y 23* W» Warjeorij . A*llrer of^Tho-Gi-jitt Porter Square Mystery,' 'Grif,' 'Tho Sacred Nusnret ' ' V Miriam Rozalla,' 'A Fair jeweu,' 'The Golden Land,' ' '?Tho Betrayal of John Fordham,' t-o., &o.; . COPYRIGHT. : ??? OHABl'JSR X.— [Continued.) It was ' during one o£ his Inter visits to Paris that , ho - met the young lady Y-'ho booame- hia Beoond wife. The passions and inclinations of men are matters of impulse and inheritance, and though they may be controlled thoy cannot bo destroyed. The moment Bernard Maubray saw Gabrwlle a new flower of love took root in his heart, and her image accompanied him when ho went from her presence. Sho was very little older . than his daughter Valorie, and it might k»vo been thought that tho disparity in their ages would havo hold him back. But strong-minded ns ho was, the charm had fallen aud ho could not resist it. If occasionally tho doubt in truded itself that tho union of a lady with a . man old enough to bo her father was unwise, it was instantly dismissed. In tho lives of most men there are overwhelming tides which carry them onward despite themselvos. That Bernard Maubray loved Gabriello passionatoly in no way lessened his love for Valerie ; it neipeu, limeea, to strengthen it, inasmuch as it opened tho door to a closer nnd moro constant companionship with his dear child. It would also impart new sweet- j ness to Gabriollo's union with him, for she would havo a companion of her own age always by her sido. He encouraged every argument favourable to tho consummation of his ardent wishes, and dismissed every argu ment which bade him reflect before he took the final step. Thore were peculiar circumstances which hurried him on. Gabrielle's father was so tntangled in pecuniary difficulties that ruin Itared him in tho face. Not only ruin but dishonour ; for in his frantic efforts to release himself from disaster he had in an incautious moment stepped aside from the path of rectitude. Exposure meant dishonour, dis honour meant death. When Bernard Maubray appeared upon the scene all this was known to Gabrielle, in whom her father, weak and rflBrm of purpose, had confided, and her soul ?yas filled with horror at the threatened tragedy. Bernard Maubray was tho ono man who could avert this tragedy, who could preserve her father's honour, and in a nioment of despair sho consented to be his wife. No shadow of this despair was visible to Maubray. He loved, and was blind. The sadness of her face was accounted for by the aloud which hung over her father's honoured name, the cloud which it was his good fortune to removo. To this cause, also, he attributed her wandering glances and the nervous olasping of hor hands when he pressed his suit. In a certain sense her sadness im parted a spiritual element to her beauty, and,- given that her heart was at rest, all el«e was well. But her heart was not at rest. She con sented to marry Bernard Maubray, but she did not love him. Had sho made this clear to him ho would havo instantly released her. but ?he kept her secret close — the secret which only one man could have suspected, and that man one of tho base creatures of tho earth whoso career was strewn with per j ured vows and blighted hopes, with shame and despair, and lometimes death. Even as it was she would hot havo accepted Bernard Maubray had she not had a firm Conviction that hor days wore numbered, aiid that she would soon go down to the grave with her seorot unrevealed. By her act she released her father from impend ing dishonour ; by nature's decree sho would be saved from a woman's deopest shamo. So thoy were married in Paris, and in the church in which the coremony took place lurked tho villain who had betrayed her. He kept so far back in tho gloom of unillumined pillars that ho did not see the faces of bride nnd bridegroom ; he heard the sound of mur muring voices, and, the ceremony over, he ?lunk away, twirling his Mephistopholian moustache with an air of satisfaction. It was an obstacle removed, and ho was contented. ' Bv my faith,' he murmured, with a smile, ' I havo had my pastime, and Gabrielle is settled in life. Farewell, my sweet Gabriello.' But if it contributed to his satisfaction to think that the conscquonces of his base act were for ever removed, and that thoy would play no part in his future, he could liaro paid no rogard to that dread Fate which weaves its threads in silence and darkness, and over turns the grandest as well as tho meanest of mortal schemes at tho moment of fruition. We' build our castles and dream our dreams, heedless of the unseen shadow which waits upon our actions, and lo ! when tho edifice is crowned and the dream is dreamed, a thunder cloud bursts and lays waste the work of the best years of our life. Back in his house, with his bride and his daughter by his sido, Bernard Maubray sent forth a work which set tho seal upon his renown as ono of tho world's great painters. Three of his happiest months went by, and then tho clouds becamo overcast. Gabrielle socmed to bo pining away. Always quiet »nd reserved, she grew even fondor of silonce nnd solitude. With love's solicitude ho observed how thin and white she was, how the least sound struck terror to her heart, how whon she was in thought and ho spoko to her she started as though to ward off a blow. He questioned Valerio privately. Had Gabrielle complained? ' No,' answered Valorie, 'sh& never complainB.' 'But she suffers?' 'Yes, sho suffers.' 'Havo you tried to ascertain the cause ?' 'Yes, but 'sho insists that sho is quite well.' 'Is tho house too quiet for hor. Does sho wish for company ?' ' 'No, she dreads it.' And Valerio drew his attention to the oiroumstances that when visitors came, or strangers were announced, hor ono desire was to avoid them. Indeed, at this time, unknown to tho father and daughter, Gabriello was attempting flight to some spot where she was unknown, and where she could remain hidden from tho sight of all who know her. Ho questioned Gabrielle also, nnd was distressed by tho nervousness arid fear sho exhibited when they were alone -together. ' Do I frighten you, Gabriello?'' he asked tenderly. 'No, no,' she replied, ' why should I be frightened when you speak to mo ?' But oven as she answored slio shrunk from him and could not look him in tho face. ' If you havo any grief, confide in me.' ' Yes, I w*?' T was never strong, you know.' ' Wo will in — 3 you strong,' ho said, itriving to speak cheerfully. ' You aro very good to mo — too good, too good !' She was on the vergo ot tears, and ho fore boro to question her farther. All that love could do was done — without avail. Horpcaco of mind seemed to bo destroyed. Bernard Maubray's most intimate friend was Dr. Weber, a physician of great skill and txperienoe, nnd from this friend he sought advice. Dr. Wober accompanied tho artist home, and g^ve a gentle hint to Gabriello of tho object of his unexpected visit. 'My husband is mistaken,' she said, but (till with that strange air of fear about her. ' I am quite well. It is only a littlo weak ness, that will pass off. I am glad to see you, Dr. Weber, wa friend. I do not re aniro medical advioe,' Bravely as she spoko she could not com mand her voice ; hor eyes filled with tears. Tears came easily now. ? ' Well, well, madame,'' said Dr. Weber, ' bohold me as a friend, not a physician.' During tho ensuing fortnight lio paid soveral visits to Crow's Nest, and making quiet observance of Gabrielle arrived at a conclusion. ' Sho must have change of air and change of scene,' he said to Maubray. 'Of the two I believe tho lattc-r is the more important. She has something on her mind over wliioh sho is brooding, and tho quiet routine of her life may bo injurious. Map out a three months' tour, and do not Btop three days in one place. Take her to theatres where light pieces and light music aro being played. A little frivolity will do no harm.' Whon tho project was unfolded to Gabrielle sho assented to it gladly, even eagorly. It was as if a weight were lifted from her soul— from Maubray's also. His heart grew light at the relief expressed in her countenance. He showed hor the plan of the tour ho had mapped out, and spoko of the pleasure in store for them. ' Wo will start to-morrow,' lie said. 'We!' sho cried, and the light died out of lier face. ' You, I, and Valerie,' ho said, wondering at this chango in her. ' No, no,' she exclaimed hysterically. ' I must go alone — alone.' ' My dearest Gabrielle ? ' But she would not listen. With a seared look around, panting and weeping, she cried again, 'I must go alone — alone.' So great was the violence of hor passion that he ceased to expostulate with her. He would not, however, consent to her going without a companion, and after much urging and pleading a compromise was agreed upon, Valerie was to aceompany her, and Maubray was to remain at home. As, in accordance with Dr. Weber's advice, the ladies were to Btop no longer than three days in ono' place, it was arranged that Maubray should address his letters to the poste rentante in the next town or city to which they were bound. 'You -will write regularly,' he said to Gabrielle. 'Don't rVc me to promise,' she said. ' Tho moment I sit down to write a letter my head begins to acho.' . But Valerie promised to writo two or three mes a week, and with that ho was fain to bo content. So the adieux were spoken; and thoy rode away. 'Valerie in her letters spoko more of Gabrielle than of herself. Now the invalid was a littlo better, now she was not quite so well, now she said sho was feeling a little stronger. Time and time again did Maubray express hia earnest desire to join them, if only for a week or a few days, but Gabriello would not hear of it, and somewhat to his surprise he was dissuaded also by Valorie, who before their departure was very anxious that he should accompany them. Condemned to seclusion ho took mental refuge in work, and spent most of his time in the Ruined Tower, where he painted from memory a marvellous portrait of his wife, absenco from whom intensified the lore ho bore for her. Ho wroto long letters to the absent ones, and to Gabrielle ho poured forlh his soul, writing as a young man might have dono under'tlie influence of tho first divine dream of love. If sometimes in Valerie's letters there was a forced gaiety, he did not detect it, having an oye only to the brighter issuos of this enforced separation from those he held most dear. Thus month after month went by until four had passed, and then the thunderbolt fell. One morning, without any intimation that lie was coming, Dr. Wober ascended tho steps of tho Ruined To'-«r, and stood in tho preseneo of his friend CHAPTER XI. Bernard Maubray was putting the finish ing touches to tho portrait of his wife, upon which until this day no eye had fallen but his own. With mingled admiration and distress Dr. Weber gazed upon tho beautiful work. ''It lives, Weber,' cried tho artist en thusiastically; 'it almost breathes. What say you ?' 'It is wonderful!' replied Dr. Weber, oppressed by the mournful news he was intrusted to communicate. The sad note in the doctor's voice drew Maubray's attention to him ; but ho turned the next moment to tho engrossing creation of his loving fancy. 'I did not wish you to seo it,' ho con tinued, ' until it was completed. It has been iny principal occupation theso last two months, and even now I am scarcely satisfied ; it is hardly worthy of tho original, but who could hope to fix upon canvas a facn and form so perfect ? It is my gift to her upon her return , when she looks upon it she will know that sho has lived in my heart. Valerie's letters load me to oxpeot that I shall not have long to wait for our happy rounion.' ' I have hoard from her,' said Dr. Weber. 'From GabriolloP' ' No, from Valerie.' Agaiu the sadness of his voice attracted tho notico of the artist, and now ho gazed upon his friend moro attentively. ' I am guilty of great selfishness,' he said, laying his hand kindly upon his friend's shouldor. 'It is tho curse of our nature. Forgivo my apparent indifferenco. You are in trouble.' 'Yes, I am in trouble ; but not alono for myself, Maubray. There aro sorrows which affect ns deeply through sympathy with those wo love.' Maubray's faco grew pale as ho laid aside his palette and brushes. ' You have received a letter from Valerio. Does this sorrow touch me?' ' It touches you, dear friend.' ' Valerio is ill,' cried Maubray. 'Then I must go to her. I was too weak and irresoluto ; thoy should not havo gone without me. I must go to tliem at once — at onco !' ' Valerio is well,' said Dr. Weber, and his voice grew more grave. 'Good God! It is Gabriello! Tell 1110 quickly^— quickly ! Why did not Valerio writo to me ? Speak, man, speak ! There is somotliing in your face ? ' ' Summon all your fortitude, dear friend. Valorie did not writo to you direot because she foamed tho shook.' 'The shock!' exclaimed Maubray, a vague terror stealing- 'upon him. ' Sho is on hor way home; sho will soon be hero.' ' With Gabriello — oh, thank God ! Gabriolle is ill, but wo will nurse her into health. My care, your skill ? ' His agitation overpowered him, and ho could not proceed. ' Valerie comes alone,' said Dr. Wober, solemnly. ' Alone ! ' ' Dear friend, there are griefs which need all our .strength to bear. They come to all men it la the human lot. But in the midst of our anguish we must not bo ragardlow ot those who are still left to us, and whose lovo will help to soften oven tho bitterest stic-iei of destiny. Tho sonso of duty remains ; faith remains; and Time, tho hoalcr, will mitigate our sufferings.' , ' Gabrielle is dead ! ' said Maubray in a muffled, tone, aad turned his faco to tho wall. ' Alas ! ' In tbivl one word the rovolation was clearly made. For raanv minutos neither spokn ; ihen Dr. Weber said, 'Valerie asked mo to Weak tho sad news; sho enclosed a letter for you.' 'Leavo mo, Weber,' said tho bereaved man. ' Do not speak, I cannot bear it. Sh§ isgono! Gono ! ' Ho sank into a chair, and covored his faco with his hands. A black desolation fell upo» him ; joy died out of tho world ; nothing but pain and sorrow remained. The imago of | Gabriello presented itsolf to him, as ho first | saw her in Paris whan love touohed his heart ; as ho last saw her when sho doparted with Valerie. Had ho but known — had ho but known ! The imago slowly faded, and tho world was dead. Ho did not weep ; tho blow was too crushing for the relief of tears. Dr. Wober placcd Valerie's letter on tho table, and softly left tho room. It was a full hour beforo ho stirred from his recumbent attitude, and whon ho raised his head his eyes rested upon tho portrait of Gabriello. He had depicted lier with a smil* upon her fuce, and her lips seemed to bo opening in the ant of speaking. Was it possible that this dumb canvas should live and she bo dead ? No, it was not possiblo ; some deceit had been practised upon him. But Valerie's letter dispelled this delusion ; tho words swam in his sight, but reached hij sense. ' She died in peace. Dear father, be comforted.' A smile, bitter in its rebellion against the inevitable, came from his lips. ' Be comforted ! ' What could comfort a man living in a dead world ! This was a great tragedy in Bernard Mau bray's life, but in the heart of thiB tragedy was a secret, morcifully hidden from him by Valerio, the knowledge of which would have overwhelmed him with a deeper despair aud a deathless horror ; a secret which would have shaken to its foundations his belief in human aud Divine goodness. Mercifully spared in deed, though his anguish was sufficiently poignant without that bittor knowledge which lay hidden in his daughter's breast. So overwhelming was the desolation of his soul that the preseneo of his dear child brought no comfort ; that the presence of Madame Hart maun, who came from Paris to console him, brought no comfort ; that seeing them day by day, with the consciousness that they were watching his misery with sympathetic eyes, -animated only with the loving desire to find a way to mitigate it, was an added torture to him. ' What can we do for you, dear Bernard P' said Madame Hartmann. 'Leave mo to myself,' he replied. ' Nothing will help me but solitude. I must | be alone to wrestle with my grief.' So it fell out — for their pleadings were useless — that Valerie was once more banished from his homo, and returned to Paris with her aunt. ' You are not angry with me, father ?' she staked him on the day of her departure. ' Angry with you, my child ? No — no !' ' You will send for me ! You will lot ma come home again !' ' When I am at peace, Valerie, when I suffer less, I will send for you.' Ah, the pity in her face — tho tender com passion with which she embraced the father sho loved and honoured ! Was it treachery that she should keep her secret close, the secret that brought hot blushes to her cheeks, hot tears to her eyes, in tho solemn watches of the night ? No, it was tho tmest mercy. It lay 111 its grave at peace, but 110 grave so deep ' as to help her to forget. To the last hour of her life its memory would remain. For two years Bernard Maubray kept him self secluded in Crow's Nest, admitting 110 friend or acquaintance with the single ex ception of Dr. Weber, and he caine uninvited. Upon the first occasion, indeed, Dr. Wober forced himself upon his friend, alarmed by the reports which reached him of tho state of Maubray's health. 'It is useless to expostulate,' said Cfao doctor; 'I am here, and here I intend to remain. Fiieins are scarce, and I do not intend to lose mine if my poor skill can save him. You sue not over- pleased to see mo. Very good— or rather, very bad. Neither am I over-pleased to see you in the state you aro. My dear Maubray — my dear Maubray! ' The underlying affection in this little speech brought a faint responsive smile to Maubray's lips. ' I am glad to sea you, Weber,' he said. ' Forgive the coldness of my ?welcome.' 11 1 will forgive everything when I see the : Maubray of old before me. Not this Maubray I that I see now — why. my dear friend, you aro like a ghost I Now let us be practical, What is tho matter with you?' j ' I cannot sleep.' 1 ' For how long has this been so V% 1 1 Many months. ' I ' I am going to exatnino you. Noprotests! I know my business, and jron know 3*oura. No denying that; and no denying either that to waste a talent — a God-given talent- — is a heinous sin. How many pictures have you painted this last year ' Not one.' 'Thon you havo long arrears to pull up. You shall paint my portrait, so that a fitting presentment of myself may go down to an ungrateful posterity.' ' I cannot do it.' 'You shall do it. It is the only favour I havo ever asked of you, and I will not be denied. I will give you the first sitting, to-morrow. Remember, I am your physician.' 'I cannot put brush to oanvas till I get some sleep.' 14 1 will ensuro you sleep; the lonely life you are leading is sufficient to destroy your nerves and your brain. When did you hear from Valerie last ' 'Yesterday.' 'Is she well?' 'She says so.' ' When did you write to her last?' ' A fortnight ago.' There was reproach in the glance Dr. Weber cast upon Maubray, and ho felt it. Life was beginning to stir within him ; the friendly imperiousuess, tho Healthy boister ousness of tho doctor were telling upon the nuturally healthy organisation of the artist. 41 It is not like you, Maubray, to neglect so sweet a girl ns Valerie — your only child, who loves you devotedly.' 41 Do I neglect her?' 'Would you aslc that question a second time, Maubray?' ' No. You are right in much that you j say, in much that you imply. But you see, I am worn out. The curse of sleeplessness un balances mo.' Although Dr. Weber did not approve of opiates, he recognised the necessity or them in this case. But ho found that ordinary remedies were powerless to produce tho need ful repose, and ho was compelled to have recourse to a deadly drug of his own pre paring, which had tho desired effect. In a few days Maubray's oyo was brighter, his skin was regaining its natural colour. Tho drug Dr. Weber administered was a dissolv able powder, and ono of its virtues was that it was tasteless and colourless, and that it imparted 110 flavour to tho liquid in which it was dissolved. Thus a person taking it unaware would not suspect its presence, and this pcoulinrity rendered it dangerous. So great was the beni'iit Maubray derived from it that ho insisted upon being supplied with several doses for use, if needed, at Bomo future time when the doctor's personal ser vices might, not bo available. Complying with this request, Dr. Weber was careful to explain tho danger r.hat lay in taking a larger dose ♦lum he had prescribed. j TO BK CON'TIMJKD. 1 MC— H \ Avrcnool Dentists' Society bus been formed in connection with the Dental Hospital, Port land street, London. At tho inaugural lec ture it was stated that less than 1C per cent of school boys aud yirls of an average ago of 12 do not require huiio treatment for decayed teeth. 