What Crombo's Ghost Would Like to See Par mora oí the Member for tb district! The man who thinks he is no .dead. Windsor a .Quarter . Sessionj -town. Large nominations for the oom jug Kurrajong races. Windsor proclaimed under th« Nuisance Prevention Act. The abattoirs established on Pen rith Common. Mayor Paine re-elected as Mayor at the forthcoming election. All Boer sympathisers drummed out of the town. Pro-Boér "news dispensers" treated as they deserve.' ' Constable Orr, now of Banks town, receive a " stripe." The best sample of potatoes grown in the Hawkesbury district. The necessary sanitary arrange ments carried out in typhoid cases. A few hundred more subscribers to the HAWKESBURY ADVÓCATE. Ihe Council's water cart made more use of in the matter of spray ing our streets Bubineep people to secure quota tions for printing from us before deciding to go elsewhere. r Tho inattpr of the high-level fridge at Bichmond receive the Governments earliest consideration. Alderman J. W. Kelly returned for "Bichmond at the forthcoming Municipal election. The railway line between Parra matta properly repaired, so as to guard against accident. Our constables arrest tne' thieves who recently robbed Miss Dick of Jewellery; etc. Our contemporary show a little more patriotism under its mew management than hertofore. ' A bicycle club formed in Wind sor, and a cinder track laid round the park oval. The business 'man who is not v filing a copy .of the, ADVOOATE ^ every week. ' V . ? ' The forming of the Kurrajong Mounted Rifle Corps become an ^tabÜshéd^kct.*' " * The billiard table purchased by the Bichmond School of Arts Com mittee. Correspondents io write us par ticulars of anything of interest occuring in their district. - The man who has a larger den tal practice than Mr. L. A. Simp Bon, of Parramatta, r j Secretaries of cricket clubs send» '< ing the result of matches to us as i early as possible in each week. Boys who develop fighting and swearing propensities while "un der the influence " join the blue ribbon army, j. Business people awaken to the fact that they are losing thousands I <of pounds through not making an S effort to have the river dredged. ' The Inspector of Nuisance keep i stray ' horses and cattle off the' street to prevent'them from " eat ing " people's fences. Our " guardians " secure the nan who is noted in Windsor for I tis fluency of " horsey 11 and filthy «pressions, and teach him a les on. The man at Lower Portland who : ias been writiug cronk " news to !is, and not signing his name go to fie Transvaal or some other hot face. _?_. '_ 