OUR POLLY. rcan remember, as clearly as if it were yesterday, when the little waif first came to us, and what an odd looking mite of a thing she was. It was near the close of a balmy day in June. I was seated on the piazza with Freddie,our youngest pet, playing at my feet, when, looking down across the meadows, I sanw a blue gingham sun-bonnet bobbinga up and down in the long grass. As it emerged from the field into the path that led through the garden into the house I saw that thewcarer of it was a mere chlild,though dressed itl so old a way as to look like a little woman. The small face was nearly lost in the big sun-bonnet, whose cupo fell nearly to her waist,while the skirt of the scant calico dress touched her heels. A tlhree-cornered ker chief, folded demurely across the bosonm completerd the quaint costume. She made no pause to tier smooth, gliding motions until sho stood directly in front of me. Then dropping a little courtesy, which brought the henf of her dress down to the floor, site said, in a small, piping voice : " Please, miiei, I'm Polly Burton. It's rained no much this week that muam couldn't git all my things dried; she'll send Tom with the rest of 'eom Saturday." I gazed at the speaser in astonishment and disnmay. John htad spoken about getting me a little girl to take care of Freddie and run errands, but what could lie be thinking of to send a mere baby like this 7 " Iow do you do, Polly ?" I said, kindly. " l'm afraid you are too small to suit my purpose. Talko off your bonnet and let me see how you look." Polly obeyed, revealing a face quite as odd-looking as the rest of her. The flanxen hair was drawn tightly back and twisted in a little bob at the back of the head, making the features look smaller, in which was the old look so often seen in the faces of the children of the poor. The round blue eyes looked fearlessly into mine, and there was something pleasing about the whole face, though it was far from a pretty one. "What can you do?" " Heaps," was the confident reply, " I can wash dishes, sweep, scour knives, run errands, and take care of baby." I smiled as Polly ran glibly over her list of accomplishments. " How old are you?" "'Leven." " You are small for your age." "Yes'm; 1 don't get time to grow." As I looked at the small hands, brown and hardened with toil, and the slight shoulders that' were beginning to stoop with the un timely burthens they had borne, I felt that there was a good deal of truth in those quaintly-spoken words. "You can stay to-night, at all events," I said, " I will talk with the doctor when he comes home and see what hoe says.' Ten minutes later Polly was seated on the steps of the piazza munching a thick slico of bread and butter with evident satisfac tion, her bright eyes glancing about in every direction. " Have you a mother. Polly?" " Sort o', and sort o' not, She ain't my own ma; my own ma is dead." " Is your father, ldedrl, too?" " No, nmunm; ho's sipped." " He's done what?" I said, looking at the small face in amazer.ent, and thinking that I must have misunlerstood tier. " He's skipped-run off," explained Polly, in condescending pity at my ignorance. When John came home I expressed my doubts in regard to the new investment hie had made for my honeflh,; declaring that it was likely to give me the care of two babies instead of one. " Not at all, my dear," responded that in dividual, as hoe took a cup of ten from my hand. " Polly is no baby. She's done more work during the eleven years of her life than most women at twenty. I attended the children when they had the measles-there's nine of 'em-and I never saw such a patient, willing, industrious little body in nmy life. " But there are the children to think of," I said; "and her language is so queer. She spoke about her fattier having skipped." " Did she?"' laughed John. She's a comical little thing, but there's nothing bad about her. She hans picked up these expressions, you see. By the time the children are old enough to be harmed any way, you will have remedied all that, I tdare say." This was the way that " our Polly " beo came domiciled with John and me. With her hair neatly braided and her dresses shortened, and made otherwise more suitable for her years my little handmaiden presented quite another appearance, but she still re tained thile quaint speech and old- fashioned womanly ways that contrasted so oddly with the child-face and form. Put to work as soon as she could run alone, she had known no childhood. She alluded to those of her own ago as ' the children " never classing herself among them, speaking about what she used to do " when aho was little," as though that time was far away in the dim past. Take it all in all, Polly was quite a char actor, and amused and interested a good deal. Shle was quite a help to me too, especially in the care of Jennie and Freddie, who got to be very fond of her. She wa s honest as the sun, and I never knew her to take the least thing without asking for it. One day she ran into the house, saying: " There's a hungry man at the gate. Can't I give him some of the cold bread and meat out of the pantry?" I assented, without thinking much about it. The next day she came to me with the same request. Going to the window,Ilooked down to the gate wherea stouthleavily beard ed man was standing., attired in a slouched hat and a coaent very much the worse for wear, Hio was looking eagerly up to the house, but turned his head quickly away when he saw me. "h'o, Polly," I sanld; this is a strong, able-bodied man; and it's wrong to encourage the idleness that leads to crime by feeding such." At this Polly ihung her hI?ead saying: " He says he hasn't had notlln' to eat to day, ma'am. Can't I give himn my supper ? I shan't need it.' I saw that Polly was far from understand ing my motive, but touched by this unselfish offer, and not sorry for an excuaso for yield Ing, I said: " You can give otin the cold meat from dlinner, Polly, but don't let it lhappen again." Polly would cat no supper that night; and thlinking that iher ieasn were rather confused ais the subject, I took some pains to explain to her lthe sloral ptasee of tle tmmp question, ts I understood it. Shoe listenedt attentively, ier big blue eyes fixed on my face with a solemn, unwinking stare, making no direct reply. " Was you ever hungry, ma'aml?" Acoistomed as I was to Polly's poculiar ties in this respeet, I was conslderably startled by such an odd uinexpeeted query. " Yeol and I expect to be again to-morrow miorning, just about breakfast time." " I don't smean thatt kind of hunIgry; but where thlere's no brealtfast or slinner or illuloer, sir snolt tluchl of nty ? " " Žo, chlihl," I sall, in quite anothler toneo; o" roe never kltowtt antythinig alort tl hat kind t ol hunsger, ind Il hope you itaveoit." I wawas lwaysl hungry., lum did thel besat she could, but it takes a good deal to go round where there's nine children." " That proves the truth of what I was say ing," I replied. anxious to enforce my text. " If your father had worked too, as every man ought that is able, you would have had plenty to eat and to wear." " He'sa bad man; but-but lie's my father. The uncon.cious rebuke in these words made me turn my eyes on the child face, so unclild-like in expression; but she was not looking at me,and evidently not thinking of me at all. After this I noticed a change in Polly. She lost her appetite and the colour that was bleginning to cone into her cheeks. But she never complained, declaring she felt quite well whern 1 questioned her. She grew so pale and thin that at last I spoke to John about it, w lh, seemed puzzled to account for it. " She must be one of the thin kind," he said; " there certainly is nothing the matter with her." The following week John and I made arrangemlents to spend a couple of days at rmy brother's who lived in an adjoining town. We were intending to take 1olly with us,but the carriage was crowded, and she begged so hard to be left at home that we finally decided to do so. She was so thoughtful and trustworthy that 1 had no fears in leaving her, it being only two minutes' walk to the nearest house, and tihe neighbourhood being a very quiet one. On account of the scarlet fever being in my brother's family, which neither of the children had had, we stopped overnight at an acquaintance's, returning the next day. When we reached home we found the doors locked and the windows darkened, and not a sign of life anywhere around. Considerablysurprised at this it being near the middle of tile day, we rang and lnocked until pretty well convinced that there was no one within to hear us. Then we went down towards the garte, being met by MIr. Brown, our nerreet rciglhour, who had seen us go by, and who told us that Polly had left the key of the house with hi wife lnast night saying that she had to go away. I thought a little strange of this, but sup posed the child had got lonely and gone to her stepmother's, who lived about two miles distant. On entering the house we found every available point barricaded below, as if in expectation of a siege. Against the back door a heavy bureau was drawn, on which chairs were piled. John and I laughed at Polly's extraor dinary efforts to makel overything secure. Our next discovery was not so pleasant;every bit of silver had vanished, not even a spoon was left. The discovery that followed was more startling still. On going outside John saw the figure of a man suspended from the sill of one of the back windows. Commurni eating his discovery to lMrs. Brown, who reas sitting on the front porch, the two men wont upstairs, and I followed slowly, and with beating heart. As I looked into the roorn I saw the head of a man just inside of the window, the heavy sash of which was resting on his neck. He was not only quite dead, but there was every indication that life had been extinct for several hours. Ho ihad evi dently died from strangulation-the features blackened and swollen nearly out of all semblance of humanity, presenting a terrible spectacle on which I never want to look again. The shed, which ran beneath it, showed how he had reached the window, and the position in which he was found how ht had met his terrible fate. But as it wa dclearly apparent that ihe Wes Irilledin the act rd en tering, the disappearanco of the silver re mained a mystery. John lost no time in notifying the apthor ities; and the news, spreading like wild-fire, for several hours the house was thronged by an excited crowd, most of them drawn thither by curiosity. By no one was the body recogniscd; in fact, it would have been difficult to do so by the face, so distorted was it. Two or three had seen a man of similar build and appearance hanging about the neighbourhood, As they mentionpd this I recalled to mind the tramp that Polly had fed,and whose form and dress strongly re sembl,led the deceased. But the people had gone at last, to my great relief. As I stood at thie window watchirg tholast one go down the steps, I felt a touch upon my arm. On turning I saw Polly standing just back of me, and looking in the dim twilight more like a ghost than a living child. " Where is he, the man that was killed ?" shie said. John pointed to the door of the room where the body lay. Without saying another word Polly opened It and went in. After a mo ment's hesitation John and I followed. With blanched checks and eyes dilated with horror, Polly stood there as silent and motionless as the ghastly thing stretched out before her. John placed his hand on her shoulder, saying, with a sternness that he regretted a moment later Do yon know this man, Polly?" Polly lifted her eyes appealingly to mine. " It's my father," she gasped, sliding for ward to the floor. With a feeling of self-compunction that was clearly visible in his honest face, John took up the little limp form as if it had been a feather and laid it upon the bed in our own room. It was not a fainting fit-Polly was not given to snuch-but ri sudden collapse of tho mental and physical powers, that hlad been stretched to their utmost tension. Polly was quite ill for a number of days, during whiclh the ghastly thing sae had called fathrer had been buried out of sight, for her sako, as decently as circumstances would permit. She made allusion to him, and John would not let me question her until she was strong enoughl to leave her bed. Before that time the missing silver was found in an old chest in thie attic, where sihe had hid it. Fronm what Polly told me afterwards, I found that her father rhad acquainted her with his intention to rob the thouse, urging her to aid him by Jeaving the back door un locked, and threatening to kill her if sie refused. rI gave him my dinner and supper for a goodmany days," she said in conclusion, "but I couldn't do that. I couldn't tell on him eolthrer. lie was a bad man, but he was my fatrher." As I thought of this little crerature stealirng out into thie darkness with the food tlrt shel had saved from her own needs, I was glad to know that this bad man wasm powerless to work her any further ill. Polly lived with John and me a number of years after this, anld we becamne slmhut as much attahelrld to her as to our own children. When sie married Charlers Conway, a thlriv Ing young carpoutcr, we furlnished thIe pretty cottage house he built as comrpletely as if it had beon for one of our own daughlters. Con way makes one of thie best of Ihusttand's, and I don't believe tIhat there's a better house- Ikeeper or a happier little wife to-day than our Polly. In the war of the Crimea, withl 1,460,500 troops, lthere werer killed in batth, 53,8701 died of woundl,68i600; died rf disease 4192,200. In tie AmerItenn warrr of 1861-5t,in tihe NIortherr army, there Irolo thie field 2,3306,000 tronps;o thlre wert killed in hantle 44 410; lhere dihd of wmurnds 31,006; there driId fromr dlls?rese 119,240. In the Ameriran-.Nir h l warr thieire IrI,,l he 11ie 274,717 troopsl; thIre vnoere kll'lI illt tnle 293; Lhere were wtunlr-rI 1,5771; there died frrrom dlitasem 2,619. In thl Arrierlea war oft 18t1-65 thero died frorl enlp liseirares, dtirrlliea, dyutrtry, and camp 1 fevers 85,214. 