THE NOVELIST [OoreYninv.) TALMUD; A Strange Narrative of Cen tral Australia, FOU DED ON NATURAL FACTS, By :IVA'N ODEXT fEf0 CU1APTER IV. (Coatinned.) PICSE CREEK. Retracing their steps tbey .again scri teyed the sotihern declivity,- bat with ou0 being in the least enlightenedl. I hey could not help noticing that the sounds on the south were much loader thain those on the north, but that did not help them to a solution of their " Its no nos our remaining here," said Strangway, with a puzzled air. " Let as go back to tlhe horses, and get round this place. We will only go as far as yonder rangoe and then we awilli ,tort for lhomei again.,. We have. eli - colred sonte evcvllent pastoral cotiitryo along here, nild the head raters of this creek are without doubt permanent." '' Yes that is a certainlty,, and sone of those plains across to the east would make splendid pastures. We have at least found that Central Australia, so so far as we have gone is not a barren wase," replied Stanley. Without further conversation they r.e traced their steps to where the horses were tied, and which were evincing en mnistkeahle indications of 'fear: Ile leasing the animals, the travellersn.made a slight detour so as to:avoid the peak. and afterwardes made in. the directiono-of the connecting spur which led to the Irage. * We should reach the-end to-morrow Tom, and since leaving Eyrc-we have had no reason to complain of our lock," said Strangway. "It was confoondly bad up to that time though,' was the reply. "It might have been worse,"' came the sententions answer. On coming to the belt of jungle at the foot of thle conncctiug'spur, Strang way expected to .get a shot at a wallaby or a bird, but-lhe was disap poitted. So far as the isen. could see tltre was not sfficieat footing;oo the anisoct surface of the half roonded spur itr a rock wallaby to get a hold, and the secrub at the bottom appeared to be 1 'ei tei by animal life, even as - the vicinity of the waterfall was. SThis is a strange place altogether.. A while Iback weeold get as mnch came: :is we liked, bit there is nothing about lb re.' exelaited Stanley. I citnnnot understand it. There tnia bI' suiethling which frightens the inirnalo tway. I coald underetand the ns' at the falls doing so, bhat they are lot heard abott here." It was Stanley ho sipoke, and hIe had scarcely finished when thle same qoeer Iboouling sonel smote their ears, comice apparently from the vicinity ofther ceky spur. The two men looked at each :her for a few moments, anda shade of apprelhension crossed their faces. 1 We have only a few miles further to go, Tom, and we may as -well finibsh om journey. but had I heard these. 7: rands (iffy miles further back, I would hinre turned back," Strangway said. ** Let us fin sh by all means, . Sounds will never hurt uos,'" Stanley replied in *a; dlelint tone. Just before sunset they; reached the base of the range, and 1pi cled their camp in a narrow, but; Cfor ile rallly, at the end of which rose up a pyramidal block of hcug rocks.. A small rivurlet ran down the centre, anl there was an abtidant supply of rwood, and forage for the horses. Bad it not been for the mysterious sounds. lheard during the day, tle place would. have s'emed a perfect garden of Eden to the explorers, lifter their long travel. through sterile tracts. As it was a. gloom hung over both of them. Like sailors of the old time, when in the0 fogs and mirages of the trackless ocean, they fancied they saw the phantom of the Flying -Dutchman, arid beard the dread voice of the spectre on "deck. Straing way and his companiodn had a present nmet that something weird and uncanny arsea-bout to happen. They did not voice their fears, buhot after securing the horses close to the camp, they made the place asecomfortable as possible under tie circumstances. As they lay down with their ,arms ready to hand, they were both inwardly pleased that on the morrow they would begin the return journey. For several hours, neither man sleet, and it was well on to morn ing rwhen slumber fell upon their tired bodies. The uln was streamigm brightly on them ere they awoke. Stanley was the first to sit upright, and the rising sun streaming into the newly opened eves, cansed hlim to lose his vision for a few moments. As hlis sigliF grewr stronger, he turned his gaze in the direction of the horses. They were there sure enough, and be jumped to his feet, for standing amongst them lie saw the form of a man clad in a garb, the like of which he had never seen. CHAPTER V. ACK FROM THE GRAVE. Like a statue thie hardy explorer stood fTor a full minute, trying to locate the strange being lie saw amlongst Ite horses, but the more he tried, the more mystified he became. From the actions of the man lie most lie blind. He seemed to be groping rmound in a dazed sort of nmanner. as ii uncertain of hlis position, and what lthe animals before him were. Stanley did not laise long, but going to Strrangwav lie awoke him; - " What's thi i matter Tom.'' ithe leader asker, siting op aml rubling lii, For naswer. his riiiro'5e pointed to the rude corral in ii licli thei horses nee placed, and lwhich were lonjing soote Whoat restiri. I'altiy blinded like hiis comrade by the terong beams of tlre' rising stn, Stroangnay for fully hill a minute conuld aot see the startling ob ject which attracted his friend's atten tion. Suddenly, however, his features lighted uop in that strange manner typified- when- consciousness asserts its dominion over the mind,-and for a full minute bhewar-amlent. ".What is it 1" he at length gasped out. SI don't know," came the curt res. ponse. Seizing his rifle in one hand, and the shot.gun in-the bther, Strangway stood op'eaying "-Thia maybe omy some plot to do u23 harm. Don't forget the sounds we heard yesterday. That fellow-is trying -to- carry off our horses, so, as to wake amcore helpless, bit le'will die first. Aslihe finished speaking, he sank on one knee, and rose his rifle to take aim at the strange creature amongst the hlorses, but Stanley restrained ltir. The ex-seaman had a longer opportunity of judging the human apparition than his conmpanion and taking hi= arm lie said : " Don't sloot, for -think the fellow is mad. Ift their was a plot to take the horse, it. srould not bhe carried not iri dalyliglht but whilt we slept. Watch the man for 'a minute or two. Be lappiears to he blind." . ' Strangway thus adjured. panosed, and the leonger his observation, the more conrinced the was that his co-y radle opinion desired tall consideration. li Yes." he at length -said. 'Let its waith flor a few inintes--or rather 1 will-watch hlim; and- yonkeep goard in the rear. Thlere is something extra ordlinary al;ont hIereyoi-'kcow,rand vwei cannuotahue too careful." Wlhilst Stanley terned to watch ir.: he opposite direction, occaoe'nnily tircine his lhead in the direction of -lwherP___ ihorses stood. Strangway !c'osely ohb served the "unexpectedl intruder. That per ocage seemed to be citteriy oblivious Ai the fact- hiril' tri ex plorers were ihbot..for all his attention was fixed on: the hlorse. Occasionaly ho would stand and put his hands to his head, as if in extraeme perplexity, and then he would advance as neat as he could to thile retreating lhorses Bis apparent desire seemed to he rather to examine the animals than to capture them. That was patent from his method of irocedore, and at length Strnngway was so convinced that ..the man was 'daft' rthat he decided to take some action. At first he was deterred by the extraordinary appearance of the man'sdress. -'Like a dlreanm ithere rose belore him pictires wh'ich he hldl seen when a boy. of the supposed ganr of pre historic imanin anys wi;eo, the wI orld was young. In lithe Britishb litseenm he had been shown theb dree as remodc a-I' from Archaic Icarvings-orf nit ancient Burmese, but thbagh the style aprpeared something like the -ame' tl- crleos were altogether different.'* Stro niray was a man of lnaction, and hia an'nd was soon''ade -p. "T Tm,' ihe called to hlims coml:a;ion "let as capturie that fellw. and it hie tries to escape- we will sut'ut him. -Is your revolver aright ale'we may need allt nnr rPannne a " Yes I am ready to fight, bet don't let as do so soless there is a real ne ceassity," came the reply. SI wmill not throw a shot saway,' ansrered Strangway Proceeding cantiously towards the spot whlere the horses werer placed. it levelled weapons, the two men -ac wTimhin twentyyids ofihemysterros rew comer, an, the closear they drew ti.e r.ore astooished tihey-beicame The exposed parts 'of his 'skin were almiost pure i ivte whilst the hair and beard were r.ar!v the same hue. It was not a aters! 'white.' but a kind of bleached color. The iran wore no head covering, but' a krid of gown wassasendred from.his shoulders; and reached to his feet. It was cl a light brown hue-what is popularly known-as a dirty white. and ap.rpeared itc he closely plaited. This at first did not strike the-two spectators so much, --s subsequently. for they were tootmuch i; terestedio-the movements of the man. ;Be was still moving aboot in "a hadlf dazed fashion amongstl the horses;-'rid at last Strangway, unable to conta:u his surprise, shoutedi SHey!" The effect was electrical. -In an instant the queer thing turned in the direction of the sound. and an expression of unitterable emotion lashed -avcs Ihis features. Strangwoay repeated irae call and then with arms lhalfo:;muretcted the man came towards them. A small tree was in the road, but as be nearly reached it be turamed aside, thus showing that he was not absolutely blind. He did not seem to be armed, and thie fact some what re- assured :Strangway and his companion. Iot still his uncanny ap pearaircr caused them no small amount of soipicious fear. Within iatC a dozen paces of the two men he stopped and gate na I-n cry. It twaos huiman at any rate, bui;i. r fuenl tltsitellitible As lie thus stlood, the feelies olf the two explorers amonuittel Ito almost absolute terror. Had the nescorme, been black or in fact had a tribe iof aboriginals up. pered. they would have been undaunted, but thiis substantial ghost, so to speak, was appalling to look upon. Tihe blarnched whiteness of the face gavec the impression that the bright red blood of mortCal tian did not coursre beneath such a skin. yet the apparition had just uttered a sottnd. btnanley had rend somewhere of ithese monsters called nittpires, an I the appetarance they were suplplosed to plresent. Instinctively the objectbeforehin recalle1 the vampire legendt so fCil as tile crtur twas con cerned. but as -he looked the ex-seanan softened. for in thie expression of the face he sawt neithler cruelty nor thirst for blood. " Who, iand what are yn ? ' againr caled Strangway. As thii eorr- riinindled, the Ithuman ap patitinrt ocawn l tatic d. and when with in ti ii!e i* sf yard- ' s the dxp'trcrr, he ran Inti-it anid t anod irresolute. As thicy k.,-tlr se:enued lig Cice tiher could see that his eny werie almnost closed, and bliukitg, as 11 toe strong light of the snanhurt them. Ho app ared as if over come with emOatin.,-at-seirng Strigwry- - and Stanley, but was as dumb as the ur communicating mnteness of a fish. 1 Where do you come from ?" Stanley queered. The man thus addressed appeared to ponder confusedly for a few moments, and then as a gleam of intelligence lighted ip his features, he pointed downward to the earth, and uttered some"hin;, which sounded like : "There I" If anything was wanted to confirm the explorers impression that their strange visitor was half diabolic in lhis nature, this supplied the point. And yet the more they saw of him, ,the less fear asserted itself. "' 1 can't make him out, Tomni. I have read of fear turning a persons hair white in a single night, and if so, may it not hare the samte effect on the face." SPerhaps," he added, with a sudden hurst of inspiration " this may be some lost white man, whose solitary wanlder ings in these lonely districts have made silly." "Perhaps so," asserted Stanley, .shaking.his head dorbtfulltly U e may be hungry too. Let ns give hini something to eat, if he -willi have it," continued the leader. "Yes." " Conme and hrave something to eat"i Strangwsay said to the silent man -inl fronet of. hir, at the same time pointing to the camp. " Yon f4rget that he can scarcely seie a couple of yards ahead. Look at hist eyes. " interrupted Stanley. . Strangway, --with a mattered -assent went close -to the man, and again repeattng hisinavitarion, pointed to --the camp. The lahck lustre eyes followed the ex terndI -finrge-ndd-the-r -ra-tte imtir moved on the newcomer.slowly follorwerl. The hrmp fire of -tre night warsjt- smoaadering, and as the explorer's oqueer ricitor saw the smokek lie seemed to be almost childishly interested in it. After gathering somne .how Stanoley placed it on the embers and it soon blazed up. , ha -weird lotkirng inan could not repress his feehirgs at this and laughed -wiih simrple glee at tihe ai·it. The merriment was tie rmost hI.mari like arid natural which Strong way'rand Staleychad yet heard, and it considerably -reassured them. Whilst Stacley prepared breaikfast his comrade watcrid the'rian opposite him .who was intentlygaziig intothre fire, 'and from that ro the' busy figure of the ex-sea iran. Ilt amost seemed to "Strangway that eacei moment saw a change in the face of his visitor. At least -he ap r.peared to become more in sympathy with hiimself, and gradually iris feeling of repulsion began to die away. MaInke sone tea," he said to Sthnl"y whose turn it was to prepare the meal. SA considerable quantity of tea had been carried by the explorerr, but latterly the supply was gettog low nod it was only used occasionally. Whilst breakfast was being prepared Strang way intently studied his visitor but did not speak to him, and, indeed he even forgot to fill his usual morning pipe so intensely interested was hie. A jam tin of-tea was handed to the " vampire" as Stanley 'yet persisted in calling him, arnd afterasmelling it a couple of times andA ratting irt he drank it off with asdityt and rising to his feet, walked a -leo steps:to Stanley and held out the nr. feor more- - That--ntl-east -as ocit le and convinced the-seaman there was a possibility of his being wrong in lhis theory. Vampires were not sup tosed to be fond of tea. The tena was tgien ar.d consumed, and then the tin eemed , to be an object of absorbing int'rest. to the new comer. Some kippered herrings were also produced, and after a short examination were evidently relished by the semi-blind man. SHe is able to eat and drink what we do. That is a good sign;" 'Stanley said. -I wonder if he can smoke ?" Strangway remarked as he had just thought of-his pipe. Stanley did not reply for hlie too in the excitement of the morning bad forgotten the soothing weed, and was hbasily engaged filling his pipe. When the two men began to puff the fragrant clouds of tobacco smoke which pervaded the morning air, it appeared as if an old forgotton perfume had fallen upon the senses of the mroan opposite them. He niffed the air like a bloodhound just finding the trail. and after a lew minutes he went to Stanley and with a beseeching look stretched out his hand. "(Get him one of the spare pipes Tom," Strangway said. Through the untimely deaths of Daniels and O'Halloran there were several spare pipes left and mitn hearty good nturre the seaman handed the rmploring visitor his own lighted pipe and-get a spare one-for--himself. The~ pale stranger instantly put the pipe to hris lips and commenced puffing awas' as if his life depended on the operation, and his enjoyment was so evident that even a child might have noticed it. "He likes a smoke, Tom," Strang way remarked after a few minutes watchiing. " Mfy word he does. He puts me in mind of the crew of the Santa An ent who were castaways on a Pacific island for three years. My skipper rescuerd them and they were berthed in the fore castle. In turenty -four hiours rliere wasn't a plug of tobacco on board and we had to smoke tea leaves or anything er. could fill our pipes with for tire remainder of the voyage," Stanley answered. When thle pipe was nearly emptied Stranguay vent and sat beside his visitor wiro received him with a smile of grutific-d- recogniiion --The erplorer eouldi not relip remarking that the sight of tire nerecamer vas getting belter. He could row see tire move nierrts 0f the horses, and the animals iliaordeel hioim ruile a mine of interest. " What's your name?" -the leader asked abrrptly. (wo an CeaTs InV 1) W' 4 