Melbourne Sbotus* Nellie Stewart's return to the scene of former triumphs on Saturday night week inspired a crowded house with much pleasant enthusiasm, and when Nellie skipped on in an audacious suit of brown and red, looking nineteen if a day, five hundred people, inspired with gratitude for past favors and a lively anticipation of pleasures to come, arose in body and bulk, and greeted her witfh a roar that filled the theatre for about three minutes, whilst the blushing favorite bowed and bowed till her neck cricked and the hinges of her amazing brown garments seemed in deadly peril: With ardor all the people burned To welcome with a great amount Oi real affection, fairly earned, The faithful Stewart, who had turned Her talents to such good account. Apart from the return of Nellie Stewart, The Scarlet Feather is not remarkable for anything, and nothing is discoverable throughout its two acts that is likely to endear it to the paying public. It is woful'ly thin in body and limb, and displays strong symptoms of physical decreptitude and moral degeneration. The music for the most part is singularly vapid, and coming after the Aurile Carmen suggests only the gibbering ghost of an opera. The libretto is wretched, and is, in fact, merely a literary rubbish tip, into which half-a- dozen men have dumped twaddle with a reckless disregard of grammar, let alone the other essentials to a cheerful book. But Nellie is considered worth the money, and the is the happy fact that has rescued The Scarlet Feather from disaster. Handsome, shapely, and buoyant as ever, Nellie strikes a cheerful human note in spite of the heavy handicap of mushy material with which her part is built up. Not a good original line is put into Pippo's mouth, and the one song that rises to a pretty note, and touches the spot, so to speak, is evidently an interpolation ; this is the sighing 1 song in the second act, and it is sung so pleasantly that encores are demanded nightly. Pippo's two duets are very fetching, and altogether the opera may be said to show extraordinarily good form, the better half of the Prince' s elegant attendants being draped in something that looks like a coat of white paint—anyhow, it fits as neatly. Miss Emmie Owen, introduced to Melbourne as Renee, the heroine of the opera, is a buxom and evidently a cheery little woman with a nice light touch, but one desires to see her on a more suitable occasion before passing a confident judgment. Of another lady it may be said that she has made only one error, that of mistaking ugliness of action and manner for true humor, but the error lasts throughout the evening, and the audience does not seem to see it. Mr. Avery Belvwa, taken over from the Grand Opera co. to play the Prince in The Scarlet Feather, is a sad feature in a not too cheerful show; he has no discoverable sense of humor, and goes through the performance like a man crushed by his responsibilities. Mr. Joseph Tapley gets a fair amount of action into a starved part, and sings his most important solo much better than it deserves. Of the new comedians it might suffice to say that from all the evidence available to date they are not comedians at all. Mr. Seguin has no voice, and lacks the compensations expected in the funny man. His business is very limited, and his manners are "most music hall, most melancholy." Mr. Maule Cole has few opportunities, but those he has he misses with unvarying accuracy. The Scarlet Feather is to ! e continued indefinitely. The Old Guard might have done much better at Her Majesty's, for it has all the elements of successful opera bouffe, light, bright, tuneful music, vivacity, beauty, and a rattling ballet; but it goes off after Friday night next, and on Saturday night Pinafore will be revived for a short season of six nights. Pinafore was on recently, but one never wearies of Sullivan's music and Gilbert's refreshing humor, humor that has brains in it, and never suggests the mere mechanical caperings of a circus clown, so the revival may do very well for a week. After Pinafore comes the new opera Florodora, and Miss Grace Palotta, the lady who "for beauty, grace, and style" "took the cake," and ^liose quaint accent touched hearts when she sang little songs with the Gaiety Girl co. At the Royal, too, change is imminent, and on Saturday The Absent-minded Beggar will be removed on a shovel, The Cotton King taking its place on Saturday night. The Cotton King is a domestic drama that had a big success in London, and, considering that the country is going to be flooded with raw soldier back from the wars, and that we are going to have another fit of rabies over the Boersparers, it is well that a weary one may escape from it all in the theatres. Possibly The Cotton King will have wedges of patriotism let in, and may even find room for a regiment or two, but I hope jtor the best. The Georgia Magnet is the item on the Bijou bill that is getting all the big capitals just now, but as an entertainment the display of the little woman who came marching from Georgia is about as interesting as the sight of three men carrying timber or a lumper wrestling with pigiron. It is mainly a vision of men pulling and hauling, and looks surprisingly like humbug most of the time, particularly the Magnet's lifting of seven men on a chair. A six-year-old orphan girl, with a sprained elbow, might "lift" seven men in the same way, seeing that they are all poised accurately on the hind legs of a chair, and Miss May Abbott simply disturbs their centre of gravity, and sends them all sprawling on the flooor. I would never think of sending all the way ^ Georgia .for a woman to do that. Whelan's imitations are good, but Whitburn. who is back, fails dismally with Dan Leno's lecture on human anatomy. "We are a merry family, we are, we are. we are!" After the first performance of The Scarlet Feather at Melb. Princess's, George Musgrove gathered the n o. around Mm and profusely thanked them all. Then, placing his arm around Nellie Stewart's supple waist, said: "And thank you,. dear little woman," kissing her cheek. STARGAZER, 