LADIES' GOSSIP. The Queen usually includes in the wed ding present made to any bride of the Royal Family, a length of 'Royal Stuart' tartan. The Queen of the Netherlands is an en thusiastic amateur eardener, and owns a miniature greenhouse, which she manages entirely by herself. . This is within a few minutes' walk of the palace, and she visits it daily, no matter what the weather. Once she remarked to a friend, 'Here, among my flower-pots, I can forget that I am a Queen.' The Queen of Roumania, 'Carmen Sylva,' is so passionately, fond of' flowers that she is positively unable to rest happily in a Toom where tliere are no blossoms. As to writing without the neighborhood of flowers, that she has declared to be quite out of the question. Nearly all her literary works have been composed out of doors, in a roofless room, built of reeds and surrounded by a hedge of rose bushes, in the hollows of which are cunningly con cealed cages full of singing birds. The floor is of mossy turf. In one corner a tiny fountain 'pours forth perfumed waters; in another swings a luxurious silken hammock, in which the Queen can rest and dream. Her seat is a mossy bank, her desk a lichened stone, carved into the shape of a writing- table. The Duchess of Marlborough has for motor-car riding, which Is often chilly work, a costume of sort kid, with raised seams sewn with brown, and the jskirt bound with brown leather. Both the duke and the duchess are exceedingly fond of the, new and fashionable pastime. _ Lady Sophia Cecil, who has recently celebrated . her. ninetieth birthday) is , one of the few people who can remember the Battle of Waterloo. A daughter of the Duke of Richmond, she was a childish spectator—peeping over the banisters it may be-^of the famous ball given by her mother at Brussels on the eve of the battle. On the day that ehe became a nonagenarian she received an illuminated address, Bigned by her many friends, among them being the present Duke of Richmond, I/ord de Eos, and Sir Charles Peel, who sent a wreath of roses tied with a broad white ribbon, bearing the dates 1809 and 1899. What a number of re markable people, by the way, were born in 1809-^-Mr. Gladstone, Lord Tennyson, and Oliver Wendell Holmes, to name no others! \- When Madame MeTba was recently at Dundee it was alleged by some of the local wiseacres that the distinguished vocalist was born in the vicinity of the city. It was said that her real name was Mitchell, and that her father and mother, with seve ral young children, emigrated from Scot land when she was a little girl. Madame MeTba declares that her father's name is not Mitchell, that her mother was a Span iard, that she was born at a place near Melbourne, in Australia, and that she was never an emigrant from Dundee. That ought to settlle the matter. ^Several ladies have been mentioned at different times as being the possessors of the most costly pearl ? necklace, but the distinction may be fairly claimed by the Countess Henckel, a lady who is well known in London and Paris' society. Her necklace is valued at £50,000, and is com posed, of three historical necklaces. One of them is the famous necklace once owned, by the Empress Eugenie, which was sold for £20,000; the second was once the property of a Spanish grandee, and Avas valued at £12,000; while the third at one time be longed to the ex-Queen of Naples. Although 70 years of age, Mrs. Deeble, who in the Zulu war commanded the con tingent of the Army Nursing Service, has recently volunteered for active duties in the Transvaal/-. The Central Red Cross Committee, however, whilst thanking her for her offer, felt that it would not be fair to ask- so much of her. Mrs. Daeble, who retired into private life some 10 years ago, has received from the Queen the Order oi the Royal Red Cross. It is said of Madnme Eames, the famous prima donna, that-if she were to accede to every request made to her _ to sing at charity entertainments her time would be so occupied that she^would never be able to earn a penny for herself. . Miss-Goodrieh Freer, whose book on the haunting of BaUechin House, Fifeshire, written in collaboration with the Marquess o'f Bute, has .created such a sensation, has a reputation as a writer and speaker on ghosts, clairvoyance, and other uncanny subjects, much of her work in this direc tion having been done under the pseu donym of 'Miss X.' It may be added that Miss Freer herself, who is a member of an old Highland family, lays claim to the faculty of second sight. The small-minded woman gives ereat im portance to little matters (says 'Woman's Life'), and has a way of dressing up insig nificance in an obtrusive garb tiU after a. time she* begins to seriously believe it is as important as she has made it appear. When she arrives at that stage her mental state is a misery, not only to herself, but to other people. She may^'bie an energetic, economical housewife, and a loving wife, and mother, but for all that, the home over which she presides will be almost unbear able, so trifling will be .ike mental and spiritual atmosphere ehe has created there. Duty by her is not merely faced,- but be comes an instrument of torture, and the work and service of daily life, which might din dnriV- oheenPullv. is made a heavy task to herself* and others bv her slavish* devotion to unimportant details Even large-minded women lose their sense of proportion when tihey are overworked and exhausted, physi cally and mentally, and decline to take pro per rest and recreation. If only home-1 makers would realise the importance of even a half- hour's absolute rest in the day, what a difference it would make to tine happiness of life. : ? .. '^C I tlhink of marriage, writes Sarah.Crrand; as I Chink of life; it is pretty much what 'people choose to make it. It does. not fail; when hudbandi and wife have good prin ciples, and live up to them; and good man ners, in private as well as in pjubflo-^-nol; to; mention high ideals. . When we are not' happy in The intimate relations of life it is generally for .some trivial reason— as often as mot because we don't take the trou ble to make ourselves agreeable as because we (fail in otiher duties. I consider it ft duty to be agreeable. Marriage is tfhe state that develops the ndblest qualities^ and that is why happily- married people are -th* best worth knowing, the most delightful to live amongst Japan lias its communities of silent fe male recluses in common with European countries. There Is such a community at a place called Yunakaiwa. A matron of sorns * fifty years presides, and her insbruetionV are implicitly obeyed. The women are all young, ranging from 16 to 27, and 6ome of tihem are described as very beautiful. Th» building stands in a farm of some 250 acres, but the women do not engage in any agri cultural work. They spend most of their time indoors 1'eading religious wprks, and they appear to observe a strict rule of si- , lenee. At one time or another one hears of some very curious fads and pastimes in which Royalty indulge, but it is safe to say that there are not many august per sonages who have a passion for trick cir cus riding. Queen Henrietta, of- Belgium, however, in spite of the fact that she is tiot so young as she was once, occupies most of her spare tinie in this curigus manner, (says 'Woman's Life.' Nj'fc^qjfcSi*^ long ago* she gave, in the riding-scEool^f -'3^ the Royal palace at Brussels, a semi-nuJili0;SSS-; performance, in which she and her :me^H^% i ter, Clementine, pu_t their horses througB.' :^?'i all kinds of trick riding with the skill of ''.' professionals. At the conclusion of the performance her Majesty jumped a pet horse over a dinner-table covered with flowers and lighted candelabra, besides driving a team of twenty-in-hand mounted on her favorite horse. No matter how busy one may be, it is quite possible always to attend to .one's toilet at night. One should not simply drop her clothes and tumble into bed, else neither one's self nor the clothes will look attractive in the morning. Have plenty of hot water and a dash . of eau de Cologne, and give your face a thorough laving. The result will be as refreshing as an hour's sleep. Brush the air for 20 minutes. It will be glossier and thicker for the trouble, and your nervos will be soothed by the pro cess. Then, after the exercise, robe your self in a warm dressing-gown, and drink a glass of hot milk, weak cocoa, or even ? ' hot water, eating a biscuit or bit of toast if you like. When the small supper is finished you will be ready to go -to sleep ? without any' insomnia cure, and in .the morning you will waken refreshed and thoroughly in good humor with yourself and the -K*orld. It is no unusual thing for women pastors in America to have full power to perform the marriage service. The first 'tp officiate ' there with State permission was Mrs. (Rev.) Ellen Kinkle, of the Brethren Church, Cleveland, in 1892. Some Parisian actresses wear paper -lace'; which by night looks as beautifu}', and delicate as real lace, while it costs Jjiit a trifle. _ ????-. . : 