? members i of nf the Scotch rioou'ii Regiment iicgiinciiu vyv/.ii. com, KSvS the liberties people take with :«rlv vlr, of tliev are out inarching, partialis i when f e nJ ]ir]ia.n«'..i is to be petitioned iglit, ar protection 0f the fcfiiS special So have undraped their The latest SSupon these patriotic legs is about li flip pulprits are supposed to be Stle^-ullbo^ The regiment S nobly to display itself m the cause of S Wlie kilted patriots forced K A to the Exhibition Building, ;Lder the blaze of the electric light, a land humiliating discovery was madetar Scottish legs were all the colours of the Land heroes were marching round with s that looked like sample kaleidoscopes— d violet green and black. Some fiendish \ had posted themselves along the route w with brushes and many-coloured inks, and Mkinously and with malicious aforethought the legs of the regiment as it marched Bag which won the "Herald" competins flown from the flagstaff"of the Town it Saturday. A large number of ladies Jemenassembled in the balcony reception .where the flag was spread out for view, a rather pretty design, the prevailing being red, and the decision of the d" judges was generally endorsed, after eleven o'clock the assistant ier took the flag and mounted the ,He was determined that no ill omen 'ifbreaking loose should occur, and before find could have taken away that flag it would have had to take away the Town Hall itower He put .several knots In the top seveS The acting - Mayor ™ T ^ Z - IT his rfiTThSf ^ Tm ™ Clerkae'ted in ins stead, l here were about 8000 designs sent wto the 'Herald," and it is intended S hand these designs to the Children's fSSl or some other charitable institution to be used as BCU dh ornaments. P R E M I E R L Y N E is ordering some 4.7 guns for New South Wales, to be fitted with field caXo£ and to be used as the bluejackets used E K Lady smith. It may not be generally known that Victoria lias already six or seven of these guns down at the Queenscliff forts. Perhaps it n S be just as well for our Government to fit field carriages to say, two of them. We would then have a couple of as good guns as could be wished Ihe only drawback however, is that we have not got a large supply of ammunition for them, and without that they would be useless. MR. BYRON MOORE has come out as a com" poser in aid of the Children's Hospital He has written a dozen double chants, and put them all together m a small book, copies of which are sold at Is. each for the benefit of the hospital. The chants foim a collection of verv ba~momous composition. Each one has a pleasing melody a good deal to be preferred to the old Gregorian style They are the sort of chants that a choir would take to and want to smg every Sunday, for they contain some very J pleasing harmonies. THE tricks of bailiffs are many and various . The << bummers'' have to be pretty sharp men to outwit the class of people with whom they are most frequently called upon to deal How to get into a house without breaking in by night like a burglar, when the residents have resolved to keep you out, is often a knotty problem, and this is how it was solved by a Geelong bailiff. He had been lurking about the place for some days without having a ghost of a chance, and was keeping dark at a little distance in the hope of convincing the garrison that he had abandoned the siege, and noticing a lot of boys playing cricket on a neighbouring piece of land he called one youngster and bribed him with a shilling " As soon as I get near the door and give you the office, you smash the ball through the front window. I pay all expenses." The bailiff sneaked to the .door, and the ball went through the window with a great bang and clatter. Out rushed the householder —and in popped the bailiff. THE Education Department contemplate establishing a summer school for teachers. It will be held during the last week of December and for a week afterwards. The school will be attended by country teachers and by town teachers who are unable to attend the regular classes of the Departmental experts. Mrs. Story will lecture on cookery, Miss Hooper on Kinder garten work, Mr. Byatt on woodwork, and Mr. Carew-Smyth on drawing. Mr. Tate, principal Photo b ^A^L^f^^i^ta^uildings. of the Training College, will give lectures on the theory of teaching. THERE was a man .at the Show with a wonderful dog; it was a shefep and "cattle dog,''lie"said, and, although it did not ^eem St6 excite the amazed admiration of the judges7 Ire-took care the public should not overlook its many viitues, for he stood over it and expatiated at great length on its peculiar qualities. " Look here," he said to the writer, " that's the most wonderful dog in this here Show. There's lots of dogs what can drive sheep an' cattle, but he can drive pigs, an' the dog what can drive pigs has to have a head on him, I tell you. Look here, this dog—his name's Mark—he had been used to sheep mostly when I got a job with a pig dealer. Well, pigs is peculiar, an' Mark couldn't get on to 'em nohow: He found that the tactics what 'ud make sheep go forward on'y made pigs hang back worse than ever, an' when he'd bin out with a few mobs, an' worked his hardest, an' found that he was not a bit o' use, it almost broke his heart, an' he just gave up the game, an' limped along behind me, lookin' that miserable it 'ud make a cat cry. Presently he begins to pluck up a bit again, and I notices him takin' a new sort of interest in the business. He was studyin' them igs for all he was worth. At last he gives a glad sorter bark, seem in' to say ' Eureka!' you know, n' at it he goes, tooth an nail. He'd discovered he truth about pigs, and after that he never ried to drive pigs on the sheep principle. Try to ull a pig one way, an' he'd always go the other way like blazes. Mark acted on that—that was the foundation of his philosophy with pigs, so to speak, an' when a pig refused to go ahead lie just nipped hold of his tail, an' tried to haul him backwards. What was the result ? Why, the pig let out an' streaked ahead full bust. That's the dog what understands pigs, boss ; air (here he whispered mysteriously) I tell you, if it wasn't fer undoo influence he'd take vvery bloomin'first prize in this Show." WHEN the Kimberley Diamond Mines were first discovered all the diamonds were in yellow earth alluvial deposits. When these ran Gut it was concluded there could be no more diamonds, but the grand finds have come out of the blue formation beneath the yellow. On the exhaustion of the yellow a mine owner filled up his claim with used-up yellow earth and sold it for £400. This swindler "proved to be a bad case of the biter bit. The buyer went down to the diamonds in the blue, and the claim sprang up at once to £40,000 in value. WILLIAM BefT^ftS^N, 