'?**l4? ftroni Lcsdon. (From Our Special Correspondent') \ LONDON, May 25. ; A young :z-iu -Mm\uil Emeiy, who slaics that he ntH,:y left Kaigooihe five months ago, is endeavonng to make himself koovn to Austialians hcie. His appearance is against him. No one, mn 'evsn the 1-Stot pioud, caics to be called uponj eitheMutjl-^housc 01 .it bis club, by in individual 'fantastical! )- attired m^jjie^n ?nd led plush, a small iouna cap to matcn, Knee bieeches, white stockings and shoes. Emeiy ex plains his cunous dicss by stating' that it is assumed as a iesult ot a v.agci of scvcial thousand pounds that he 'will not tia\el round the woild so costumed, staying six months m London, thiec months in Ii eland, thiee months' sbmewheie elie, I f 01 get the exact place, and 12 months m America^ and return to Austialia at the end of these penods possessing ^4000 in cash. He woaked his pas sage fiom Pei tli to here m the stoke hole, and landed with 6tl m his pocket. He lias not veiy much moie now. Pie goes about selling a little book at 6d, containing an account of a night spent by himself 111 Westmmstei Abbey, and the conveisations he then and theie held with the ghosts of the gieat de parted. Emeiy is not leceivmg much encouragement anywheie, ' and' will make bttle of his ^4000 in London. The public heie- aie tned of this method of cadging. ' r I Anglo-Austialians are keenly Vleba, 'ting a -letter which has appealed in tile' ''Times' from Mr. Ben . Tillett,- the labor leadei, who recently visited- the colonies. ' The communication is in relation to the appeal clauses 'of ] the Commonwealth Bill, but /the passages' which have provoked discussion aie those in which Mr. Tillett ' attacks ''the Australian delegates for quoting the Australian Natives' Association as either jat people's or a democratic oiganisa tion. - Here are a couple of extiacts fiom-Mr. Tillett's' letter .— * . ^ ; \ ? \^'TKe Australian, Natives' Association is the Tammany organisation of J Aus tralia, reactionary to the last degiee. It was first staited' as a benefit associa tion, ,-but ,passed soon into' a political^ institution, moie Beilmesque than Bri tish. Its 'list of-foieign names lbbs it ofvariy right tO| be call-ed'a. Butish m stitution/ and it is woikcd foi all 'it is worth by the commeicial Moltkes 'of Germany. ''-It! 'is reactianaiy and un democratic because it opposes: manhdod suffrage^ the referendum advocated by, alfthelabor and socialist organisations of - Austialia ; rft suppoited the giving of power o\er money bills to the'Fe^e lal Senate, a meas'uie that would wre k any party,, m this countiy, it similai tactics weie puisued to give^ oin T o^vn House of Lords poVer.s'ovei'money'bills It refused to consider the anomaly'1 'of kthe .equal 'State 'vote in the' ~ Upper House, v. thereby dcstioymg the lule of the1 majoiity pnnciple ? The hypoensy of these Tammany sy cophants is the, most impudent of a'll fiauds ever attempted in the name of country .and nation, and is, an \effoit made to suppress the gi owing, progres sive foices of Austialia',' who have, social and economic advancc^under-the free use of the Constitution.' . _/ ? \ , ? ' - * Geneially speaking, colonial opinion is hgainst'Mr:- Tillett, and his' connec tion with 'Queensland asv a paid emana tion lectuierns puffoiwaid as a ieiion for his support df th'e Government1:-! of that colony Jir^ its oppositions to Vic tona, New South ,-Wales, .South Aus-' tiaha, and Tasmania. A ruV:ous let ter upoii the subject appeals, signed 'Australian Bom,''' in the 'Star' It shows a nanow- mfndedness/^vhich, to my mind is deploiable. I ouote a couple of exliacts to show the* line of aigumcnt. 'Australian Born' takes 1 c'lt has struck me in leading the vaii ous aiguments for and against Clause 74 of the Australian Commomvealth Bill, that suffietenf distinction has not been diawm bctnveen tl)e opinions of the Austiahan bom and the Ausha lian colonist. The drffeicnce between the Austiahan' colonist and the native born is this the formei is an English man bom and bred who has settled m Austiaha^ but who lemams always an Englishman. By that t mean' his sen timents and ideals lemam English, and he usually has nothing but a sneer for the -land that keveps him, or for the people who inhabit it. vThis is the man who opposes the Commonwealth1 Bill, a lessening of the power of England. The Austiahan born, on the contiaiy, while pioud of, his ' English descent, and leady to lend. a hand, as we have seen, has the not unnatuial wish to see his country advance m the world, and ^hough he lo^es England as the Mothei land/the home Of his fatheis, he does not foiget that the motto of his own countiy is Advance Australia!' The opinions which Reuter has cabled ovei mu^t not be accepted without stnct m quny. Fust discovei if the men who speak are English ;or native; bprn, and if the papeis which *supp*orV'Mr!l Cham-' berlam aie owned and edited by Aus tralians And what is the opinion of the Austiahan Natives' Association? Take, for example, the delegates. Mcssis Baiton, Deakin, and Kingston aic, I undeistand, Austiahan bom. Mr Dickson, the 'gentleman who has* suc- cumbed to Mi Chambeilam, is an Englishman ! I do not foi one moment pietcncl that theic aie not thousands of Englishmen bdrn ^.\ho aic not good Austiahans first and loicmost; but I emphatically piolcst agair.bt the Aus tiaiian colonist speaking foi the ims tialian.' The membcis of the A.N.A wul probably say, 'Save us fiom such fuends as 'Australian Bom.'' The 'Evening News,' in a note upon the lion 01 confened upon the Agent Gsneial of West Austialia^ makes pai ticulai mention cf the fact that he was piesident and tieasuiei of the first lund toimed to piovidc comforts foi the tioops m South Africa, and states that as the 01 1 gin at 01 of that idea he v.clt dc=cived to be raised to knighthood. As a matter of fact, Sir E. Wittenoom did not 01 lg mate the idea of the 'Kal- gonihc Miner' fund, but I ha\e much plcasuic 111 bearing testimony heic tc the piompt and cheeiful .mannci in which he and his secietaiy, 3\Ii 'Hare1, assisted the mxn ement ,in evely mcta^ ncr possible. It may be mentioned m this connection that the \aiious funds which wcie subscq ^ntly laised for similar objects totalled - ovei ,£100,000. 