HUSBANDS AND WIVES.' A MATRIMONIAL QUERY. Tho vcra thihg I want's a wife, To scrcon mo frae misfortuno's strife; Nao monoy, though sho has't an' rifo Will I o'er tak' ; ;But gi'o mo lovo an' gi'o mo life, j-..-- Nocht will I laok. Oh, Peggy, in my hoart s desire! Hoo finely sho can licht tho fire, , An! wash, an' scrub, an' muck the byre, While I. sit idle! Yo'd think that woman no'er wad tiro, ? No'or si jp tho bridle. And when we're married, Peggy denr, What, think yo, can-.wp hao to fear?. Will I o'er want my quart o' beer, Or you yer wark? Yo will bo blest wi* grandest gear, t , An' so\^ my sark. : — ; - -«.®» , The Worm Turns.— Hobby: What, going out to-night ? - Wife: Yes, dear old boy, must go to tho elub to-i^ght, you know. Hubby (looking at baby): Very well, if you'ro not back by ten I shall go straight homo to pa.' CI®# ! ; HE WAS JOKING. ' Yes, my dear, ' said Mrs. Goodhart, as sho handed hor husband his cup of coffeo across the breakfast tabic, ' I realise that we simply must cconomiso, and I'm willing to do my part, I'vo,thought of one way of economising already.' ? ' How is that?' asked Mr. Goodhart. ' Well, I'll tell yo(u. I havo. a good sew ingf. machine dnd plenty of timo, and if you.'ll select tho cloth, I'll cut out and mako that 'new. pair of trousers you want my own self, apd ; save— why, Henry Goodhart, what is the matter with you? Mercy ! Tho man is. going into a fit. ' Here, Jane, bring some water. , Go for tlie doctor, somebody ! Help mo to' support, him and keep him from fall ing out of his chair. What can the mattor bo? It looks like apoplexy. There ! Ho breathes easier and has opened his eyes. Now, Henry, dear, what ib it?' ' Nothing, my dear, nothing; only a sad den faintness. , I '-11 get over ? it in a few minutes, and I — I — 'was only joking when I said that we had to begin economising somewhere, only joking, my dear.' ?f* A New York girl has just enjoyed the triumph of having 8he biggest wedding given in that cityifor years. She whispered around that tho man she was to marry had a red-lieaded wife somewhere, who most likely would be on hand to interrupt tho ceremony. Tho church was. crowded. A woman advertising for a husband, wants him not -5nly to bo ' strictly religions)' but of ' good character.' ; At Niagara, duriifg the Honeymoon. — She: Why. do you . look so unhappy, George ? . Don't you know that wo are ono now ? :. Georgo: Yes, darling, I know that; but judging from the hotel bill I've just had handed nib, tho manager of tho Cataract doesn't seem to think so. ? ? ? ' . . 'You aro Mr. Quezeen, tho husband of the celebrated lecturcss on cookery, aro you not?' . -' Ycb, sir,' replied the dejected, hollow 'eyed man, ' I am tho man she tries'her new dishes on.' ef)« went out too soon, 'said a wife toiler husband at a .recent concert; ' Patti re sponed to a 'third encore, and sarig ' Coming Thro', the Rye.' It was simply divine. I fairly drank it in.'-' 'So did I,' lie answered softly, with a slight suspicion ;; of a hiccough, ' and 1 can taste it yet.' Little Sister (angrily) : Now, you do what I say. \- Little Brother : I won't. ' You won't, ell ? Oh, don't I wish wo was grown up and you was my husband.' — ' ?## , A man who foolishly entered upon -a ver bal contest with his wife, was met, as he was retiring from the sceno, by his little son, who had just begun to study grammar. ' Papa,' said the child, 'what part of speech is woman ?' To which the father replied, ' She is not any part of speech at all, Georgy— she's tho whole of it'.'. , You may say what you please about it, but there 'is somo luck in horse-slioes. ' A woman nailed up one against tho. wood shed a month ago, and last week her husband eloped with the liircd girl.-, K \- The man had not earned a cent for moro than two years. ?o* Mrs. Strongmind : Jared, what does the messenger want ? Husband of Mrs. Strongmind : It's the tailor's young, man, my dear. He has brought the bills for— for our bloomers. CD* Mr. Grumps : You'll havo to dischargo that cook. ? Mrs. Grumps: You liked her at first. Mr. Grumps : Yes, but she's getting into your -way of cooking. ; «()? Wife:. Thero comes that tramp I gave somo of my biscuits t6 the other day. Husband : ? Impossiblo ! that must be his ,ghost. - ?. ? e®* The Bride : Did you marry mo for my money ? Tho Bridegroom (frankly) : Yes. Tho Brido (anxiously) : Did you get any? ®®» ? Mrs. '?'? Jimpson : Don't you think, Mr. Jimpson, it would be a great benefit to our daughter if -sho wero to finish her singing lessons, abroad 1 ? Mr. Jimpson : Give it up, but I know it it would be a great relief to me. e®« Husband (at. breakfact): I had an awful dream last night, dear. . Wife: What was it, John? Hushand: I dreamed' that your mother was out riding, and tho horses ran away. Just as tliey' approached a frightful preci pice, -vith a sheer declivity of 500 feet ? Wife (palefaced) : Oh, John, that was awful. Husband: I woke up and found it all a. dream. - It was simply terrible. Colonel Yerger : Why is it that the ladies of tho congregation always present the pas tor with embroidered slippers and Buspen dors ? ? Mrs. Yerger : The suspenders are to keep up his -ttoufjers so that tho embroidered slippers can be seen. ) ?®* ? Rounder: Do you really refuse to forgivo mo? Spinster: l{o. I shan't forgive you, not even if I Iivo to be 100 years old. Ho: Dear mo. How cruel! What chaw a havo I of living oighty years longer? She: Well, perhaps I can forgive you after nll. PrinUd in New 8mih WMh. 