CHAPTER XVI. A DAY AT BAN'HAM'S. The little stars were gone, and of the great stars but one or two remained to twinkle yet a space in the west. Paleness hail spread high in the sky, and away on 1;ie very edge of the waters, beyond where ilic I'an iSand and the Girdler lay invisi ble, a Hush was rising and spreading. The 1'iuken towers at lladleigh Castle were ilaggard in the gray lignt, and Golden A.iams's lace seemed scarce less haggard. a> lie rose from the stoues whereon he had Urn sitting and dozing, stood erect and stretched his arms. The hill and the u.urshes below, the water and the far Kent shore, all were ashy grey alike, and over <lie uiarsnes wisps and rags of white mist changed, and turned and ran together like limits alarmed by the coming day. The flush grew and deepened at the water's-edge, and then like arrows from ilie sun in ambush two long rays shot high ?ibuve, and another. And with tnat the :. isl tinge of colour was borne into the greyness, soft and vaporous, pink and blue, faint as pearl. More rays sprang, \\\ ider now, and in a moment a blazing segment 6tood above the sea. Light ran before it, leaving colour in its track, driv ing the ghosts into hiding behind copses and in hollows of the hills, and carrying the iridescence far to west and south. Ana at. that the nests, restless alreadv with wakening twitters, broke into full Bong, and 'began the eager traffic of the day. Hill and marsh were green and glistening, lia.sies peeped, and the sun lifted quick and great from the sea, and flung out its gold 1.1 make the blue water merry. J lie old towers took the warmer tint of iay, and Golden Adams's hard features re -a;nt'd their natural brown, no whit paled : > his nights-ot' watching and dozing. ? He '" 'k .the fur cap from his head, beat oil . no dew against his palm, and shook more ?lew from his coat. Then, with a last look i'Hind land and water, he slowly descended in the-coppice, there to lie for the day, and i" sleep as he might, Ip'in the meadows work was toward, nid the sound was heard of the stone -iiarpening the 6cythe-blade. The life of iladjeijih and its fields went its even way ill 7 o clock, 'ihen the men trooped in to : leakfast, and the cows trooped out from he morning milking. l'cftrily Thorn tended her aunt, worked ii ilie garden, and after breakfast returned iidin the post-oliiee happy in possession of ? letter from Jack. Young Sim Cloyse draggled in from Leigh, indefinite o£«-aiui, "it vaguely hoping that Dorrily Thorn ?n.ght be in a less curt mood, and not al QUARANTINE STATION, PORTSEA. The Malteae cnm indicates the building where bubonic plague patients are boused. together deaf to persuasion in the matter of Prittlewell Fair. Lingood's forge clanged and glowed, and Cunning Murrell slept till he was called to Doctor Banham's horse. At Benham's things were at sixes and sevens. Not that that was not the normal state of Banham's, but to-day tilings went wrong with a more than commonly persis tent perversity. It was a suitable place for muddle and trouble, for Banham, like everybody hereabout, no matter what his regular trade, did his small bit of farming with an acre or so nnd a few pigs, leav ing it much to the mismanagement of his' wife. If Mrs. Banhnm had had no more than her household duties to disorganise MR. A. J. PEACOCK, M.L.A., (Talma and Co., Melbourne, photo.) Installed Grand Master of the Masonic fraternity of Victoria.' slie would have done it very thoroughly, and would never have let a clay slip with out broken crockery, spoiled meals, infan tile avalanches downstairs, tumblings into tubs, torn, scorched, and lost linen, and other such domestic entanglements. But all was chaos since those duties were com plicated with an attendance on a small farmyard set about with tottering sheds, whereof while the roofs fell in the doors fell out, so that the Banham poultry and pigs pervaded the village as widely as the Banham offspring, and some of the latter were in perpetual quest and pursuit of some of the former. But this day was worse than all. It was one of Banham's late-starting morn ings, and Bobby, Jimmy, and the r:st had all fallen downstairs, and been patched and mended, and smacked, and hau spilt their teacups, and been smacked again, and Mrs. Banham had industriously spread the beginning of the day's disorder, ere Banham, going with young Dick, his eldest boy, to harness the horse, found it shiver ing and "winnicking" and lifting its off hind leg, whereon was a nasty cut, just over the fetlock. Banham, trying to ex amine the cut, found both hind legs sore and bruised, and the animal very tender of being touched. Then Dick pointed to a splintered bucket in a far corner, and a little staring made it plainer to father and Ron that everything within hoof-reach had been kicked and broken-a thing not so instantly noticeable as it might 'nave been, by reason of most things 'in the Banham establishment being broken already. And when the horse was unhaltered there was a .sad large swelling just under the right eye, tenderer than all the bruises, and wholly closing tlie lids. Poor Banham gaped and stared in dis may. A small bmise or a cut or two he would have treated well enough himself, but all this-and especially the mysterious swelling at the eve-must be seen to by Cunning Murrell. So Dick was sent for him with all speed. Murrell found the whole family about the stable, which was a longish shed, tnade to accommodate the horse at one end and the cow at the other, with a cart between. Banham's firm opinion was that the horse had been bewitched, and Mag Ban ham inclined to the same belief. Em chuckled and wept, and winked that hor rid wink that had returned to her of late. Cunning Murrell went over the horse with practised fingers, and in response to Mrs. Banham's repeated suggestions of witchcraft was disposed to agree with her. How had the cow been? Instantly it was remembered that all sorts of things had been amiss with the cow. She had been cross-grained yesterday and reluctant to yield her milk; she had kicked over the pail on Tuesday-or was it Saturday? She was hot and feverish and fretful-which, of course, could not be due to the warm weather and nightly confine ment in a close shed. But, more than all. Mag Banham had been at the churn all yesterday afternoon and part of the even ing and failed to make a single speck of butter. Murrell nodded gravely, looked at the cow, and shook his head. No doubt it was a "sending;" an imp had tormented the horse, and probably had begun by biting it under the eye, driving it mad with terror, and causing all the trouble. At this young Dick, with a scandalous irrelevance, a youthful presumption, and an impudent levity, that shocked everybody, ventured to attribute the swelling to a pos sible wasp or hornet, lying "dummel" in the hay, even pretending that he had heard of such a case somewhere else. But his effrontery met its punishment, and he sidled off, abashed and discomfited by the wise man's condign rebuke. And, indeed, as anyone might know, even if the thing were a wasp or a hornet, there was no more common form for any witch's imp to as sume than that, except, perhaps, a spider. So, for the present, Cunning Murrell washed and bound the cut, and made plas ters of steeped herbs for the bruises and the eye; promising to call again, and, in the meantime, not only send a drench for the cow, but to consider the matter of any amulet or conjuration that might prove needful in case the cures were delayed. But, indeed, his fame as a cattle doctor was merited, and Banham's horse was soon comforted by the plaster. But Murrell was no sooner gone than more disasters of the night were revealed. For in another shed the old sow was found routing among the whole remaining store of mangels, which lay scattered about her, each with a large gnaw in its side; for merely to eat a few mangels and have done with the mischief was not in that sow's nature; she must take a bit out of every one, and so do as much ruin as possible. Banham was a mild man in general, but now he snatched a hoe and so plied the handle that the old sow went at a bolt and overset a large part of the family on the mijcen. And when the damage was seen and lamented it grew plain to MrB. Banham that it was a confirmation, if any were needed, of the unholy source of all the other troubles; for it was remembered that this same sow had twice eaten her own pigs and had once gobbled up a whole brood of chicks. It wa9 perceived on ex amination that some time in the night, in stigated by the devil, the.brute had cap sized the trough against the gate of the run, the hinges, cut from the uppers of an aged boot, had fetched away, and let the gate itself, a medley of rotten boards and barrel staves, fall flat, so that the whole yard was open to the offender. How she got into the shed where the mangels lay was not so clear, though it was certainly by infernal aid of some sort, since, nobody would admit having left the doorjopen. Her£ was a pretty state of things to be gin the day with; and as the day went so things went more awry. Banham had to stay at home, of course, and, although it might seem that so unassuming a single addition to the family numbers would mage little difference, nevertheless bis wife pro tested that he hindered everything, and brought about a most distracting state of muddle, which he himself never ventured to doubt. Mag laboured again at the churn for nothing; and Mrs. Banham took a cla mourous.. turp herself with as little result. But to tell half the tale of that day's failures and tumbles, and gpoilings and spillings, and breakings and equabblingB, and lamentations would be too much; let it suffice to say that in the afternoon the biggest child fell from the topmost shelf of the dresser on a pile of unwashed crockery beneath, and Jimmy was con victed of ringworm. Now, for some time it had been observed with alarm that Em was "going comical" again; and when the big dish fell with a great crash she flung back in her seat and laughed, and laughed, and would not stop. And presently the laughs turned to shriekB, and her legs stuck out stiff before her, and she slid off the chair on her back; her arms jerked like a string-jack's, the shrieks wore away hoarsely, and when Mag and her mother went to lift her she bit at them like a dog. If it were possible to suppose a doubt that all their troubles were caused by witchcraft (which it was not), this would have removed it. It was plain, as soon as there was time for consideration, that here must Lie the work of a confederation of witches; unless, indeed, Cunning Murrell's burst bottle had been ineffectual against Mrs. Martin, which it most manifestly had not been. It was long known that there were, and always would be, three witches in Hadleigh, for Murrell had himself pro claimed it. But of late years their identity had been doubtful, till Mrs. Martin had been proved to be one of them. Now, her own power over the Banhams having been weakened by Murrell's triumphant opera tion, she had doubtless called in the aid of others, her niece Dorrily being one with out a doubt. For was she not actually seen with her aunt conspicuous in the forefront of a satanic- orgy at night at Castle Hill by Jarge Crick, as honest a man as any in DUKE OF NORFOLK. Gone to the front. ("SKETCH." these parts? And ilag was even more posi tive, for she had spent the night awake and weeping because this same Dorrilv Thorn had put a spell on young Sim Cloyse, draw ing him away, changing his temper and feelings, and attracting him to herself, a thing that nothing but witchcraft could ex plain. She had seen the thing with her own eyes, looking down the hill; and it was doubly cruel, too, for had not Dorrily Thorn her cousin, Jack .Martin? And at the thought poor Mag grew as bitter as her mother-perhaps more so. Here was fine matter for the gossips and great work for Cunning Murrel]; nothing less than a combined attack of witches on one innocent family, afflicting it at a swoop with an imp-tortured horse, a fiend-ridden pig, a doubtful cow, and a bedevilled churn, to say nothing of a bushel of broken croc kery and wholly disregarding the ringworm. But chief of all here was Em Banham "took comical" once more, and worse than ever, biting and snapping at her mother's hands, and even at her own. When at last Mrs. Banham and Mag suc ceeded in finding Cunning Murrell it was in evening dark, and he was coming up Castle-lane with his usual umbrella on his shoulder, but with a far bigger frail than commonly hung from its handle; a full and bulging frail, too, full of something that seemed heavy. And he was angry when they rushed upon him, and bade them hold their tongues and go; though he promised to come to them presently, and did so. MR. JOHN ILIFFE, Donor ol the first £1,000 towards a fund tor relieving the Melbourne Hoapttal of debt. 