CHAPTER XXIII. i cannot tea now long x naa Kneu by the weather-beaten cross in the convent garden when I heard a light footstep on the grass. ‘Maude,’ whispered my mother, ‘ look up, dear child. It is true ; he is here* And, my darling, it is you he has traced—you, not me. He does not know me; and he implores you to see him.’ * Never again,’ I said—' never again. Did he not wish me dead? Oh, mamma, how. did he find me? I thought I was quite safe here, hidden with you.’ ‘Maude,’ she said, ‘the circum stances are so extraordinary that I must believe them to be providential. He found you, as I found you, through that money. It appears that the fifty pound note I paid to Mrs. Phillips had his name and your initials on it. She paid it away to a Mr. Benson, a tea broker in-the city, and. from his hands it passed into none other than those of Mr. Norton, who, seeing the earl's name on it, made inquiries, and found that it came from this very convent. Naturally he went straight to the earl; and, without a moment’s delay, my dearest Maude, Lord St. Neots hastened hither; and he has the note with him. He has a note-book, one he showed me where he entered all the notes that he paid you, with their numbers, when he changed a cheque for you ; he remembers every detail. Oh, Maude, how he loves you !’ V ‘..Loves me, mamma!’ I cried, in dignantly, when he wished me dead ! He is .'going to marry Lady Maud Trent- ..How can.I love him?’ ‘ I told-you from the first that per ’haps you‘had. misjudged him,’ said my mojher, gravely, ‘ and now I am quite sure of it.. I do not believe that he ever said so cruel a thing of you, indeed of anyone, in his life. As for marrying Lady. Maud Trent, if ever a man loved with his whole heart, he so loves you.’• ‘He’does not, he canuot; he wished me dead, and I will never forgive him. Mamma, pray manage it for me. Tell him. that it is true I am here, and that I wi&bMo; remain here all .my life, that I thank him for calling,. but that I would rather. not see him. Oh, mamma, do this for me !’ She bent down and kissed me. 11 will do just what you ask, my darling.’ < She went away, and my head ; drooped again, but now my brain was clear—I could think. Ah, well, now all was at an end ! Of course, he would be disgusted when he received , my message—would go away, and . never seek to see me again. Well, < let him go and marry his love. I heard the sound of a door open- 1 ing and closing. He was gone, gone for ever, and my mother, of course, j was coming back to me. Then a , hand gently touched mine, but surely that was not the light touch of my i mother’s soft, slender hand ! This ' was warm and strong, and a voice, ! that was like no other voice on earth 1 to me, murmured softly : I ‘ Maude, why did you leave?’ , He was there, and my heart went , out to him with a great passionate cry. ( But I had left him, and I never i meant to look upon him in this world 1 again. Having buried my love, was j I now to be bi ought face to face with its ghost?’ ‘ Maude will you neither look at me nor speak to me ? asked the earnest ; voice. ‘ I cannot!’ I cried. ‘ Oh, mother, 1 1 have you betrayed me?’ Then my mother’s loving hands stole round me. She drew me aside . into the cloisters, motioning to I Galahad to follow. ‘ Maude, darling, listen to me,’ said my mother. ‘ You were mistaken, he ‘ never said those cruel words. It was ! you he loved all along—you, and no , one else.’ ‘It is true, Maude. Look up, my darling,’ Galahad pleaded. When at last my courage came back . to me, and I looked up, my mother ; was gone, and my handsome young ! lover stood there alone. ‘ Maude, my darling,’ he whispered, ‘ how could you leave me! How could you believe all those foolish cruel words ? You must have seen that I loved you with all my heart.’ ‘ You loved Lady Maud Trent,’ I said, my face still hidden. ‘ They all said so. Your mother wished her to be your wife.’ ‘But,’ he interrupted, ‘ in marrying I intend to please myself—not my mother. Oh, Maude, do not punish me for the sins of others! Let me gaze at those beautiful eyes of yours— they have haunted me from the first moment I saw them. Do you remem ber, dear, when I found you under the cedar-tree crying as though your heart would break ? Look at me, love ! You were kinder to me then. The pain and the fire of jealousy were dying away, the music of the voice I loved was beginning to in fluence me. I raised my face and looked at him. How fair he was— eyes lit up with love, his handsome face eager and anxious I That look into my love’s eyes sealed my fate. ‘ You were so cool to me,’-1 said. ‘After Lady Maud Trent came you had no eyes, no ears, for anyone but her.’ ‘Pardon me Maude, that is not true. Lady Maud Trent was a very old friend, so there could never be any question at all of my falling in love with her. I should as soon have thought of falling in love with one of my own sisters. Could you not see that ? With her I was quite at my ease, while I was just a little afraid of you.’ To Be Concluded. 