©LACKERY. MBSZSBH&' '???-'? Bat all men'a mis npos ths rack.' Hvdisu . Out of over 70 applications for the positions of secretary for the Zeehan Town Board, Mr.Jas. BrickhilL of Lauh ceston, has beenseleoted, and an excellent and popular appointment it is. There are very few in Tasmania who have uouujr uusnoai quaimcaraons tnon Mr. BriokhilL who will be much missed from the North. That ready debate and well read man Joe Byrnes, ei-WeBleyan olerio and long lime Melbounte'e boss agnostic, erstwhile a valued associate of Bradlaugh, talks [says Bdiletjn) of giving up his paper and returning to England— reason, no money. The root causes no doubt that young Australia does not care a rap about higher questions, than horae raoing, crioket, and footbaU. Xhh reoent Victorian eteotors have irovided some fun and some grief. Sir Hat Davies lost his deposit. Watt, the my postmaster-general, was beaten by breezy Prendergaat; Eaadolph Bedford apolitioal desperado, a sort of human Vesuvius, had his ' fifty' garnisheed at West Bourke, but it appears the proceed ings were instituted in error } Trenwith's oampaign only coat him SH or St&, and the Ministry have had such a hard knock between wind and water that the reign of the clan McLean U over for sure. Bb Maf eking! A well-known and re lutable journalist of W. A. writeB to the Perth Morxin o Hebald : 'I have seen kfafeking, talked with its people, and have come to the conclusion that the siege was perhaps the most 'overboomed' incident of the wax. Advt., advt.| all advt. is the comment moetlv heard from visitors to the town since the relief. The harrowing tales of the privations suffered by the garrison that have been circulating may be put down as so much over-drawn rubbish/' etc., eto. The people's favorite excursion steamer, the Beautiful Star, runs a series of trips on November 0, Prinoe of Wales' Birth day, to the popular Brown's Elver Beach. The time fixed is 9 and 11.3(3 a.m., 2 and 4 p.m. The Model Band, under Signor Bajo, is engaged, and the band hold leir first anniversary on this date at the above place. These trips for Brown's Eiver are to start from Franklin pier, opposite Marine Board Ot&CB;, and don't you forget. In Victoria, Randolph Bedford— a curious and irritating blend of blather skite with brains— bias again dismally failed to win a seat in Parliament. In Tas mania, itrather seems that King O'Malley —who oombines much more blatherskite with much less brains— will win s seat in the Federal Parliament. Whoop for Tasmania ] Back in Hobart onoe again, E. 8. Smythe— who has had a great experi ence, fruitful inaneodotage ; bnt who, in 1800, 'declines to mention dates' — looks pretty much as usual. The &.CTF&B; has long had a theory that E. S. Smythe was known as Flapjos the Assyrian, in his youth, and furnished troupes of dancers to the court of Cleo patra. However that may be, the Most Travelled is still hale and hearty, with a clear complexion and a shrewd eye for the main chance. He has a crowd of oelebrities ooming forward during the next year or two. Meantime, he iB run ning 'Banjo' Patterson. Needless to say, the ' Banjo ' is very well run. Hsei and there about the town one night last week, you met men of benign aspect, conspicuously at peace with them selves and humanity, looking, indeed, far too bland and happy for this sinful, sinful world. These were subscribers to Tab. Nooze, and the reason of this curious joy lay in the fact that there was no ' On Dit ' column in the Noozx that day. On Thursday, however, the column re- appeared, and the aspect of those Nooze subscribers was thunderous and forbidding beyond description. Ik one county in Illinois, there were 833 divorces in a single year ; a Massa chusetts county had 600. A county in Maine boasts of 478, and another in Connoctioutt401. The American divorce laws are not worthy of the name. A woman divorced from her husband in New York is forbidden to marry again in this state. If she does so the marriage is illegal. Bnt she may take a three hours' trip to Connecticut* get married and return to New York, where her mar riage will be legally recognised. Fede rated Australia avoids the trouble by bringing the marriage qneetion under the Commonwealth Parliament. Last Saturday the annual spring show -was held at Eichmond— on this occasion, in aid of a fund to build a parsonage. The weather was exquisite, and Eich mond had a great day out. There is only one event more remarkable than the Eichmond Show, and that is a funeral. Every three or four years there is a funeral, and it furnishes an admirable topic of conversation. Funerals being so few up there, the tombstones in this cemetery are extravagantly old, for the most part. The cemetery is worth visi ting. There is a fine ancient atmos phere about it, and some of the graven epitaphs are charming. Take this as a delicious example i He took the cop of life to lip, Bat bitter 'twas to drain. He pat it meekly from hie lip, And went to sleep again. The Showgrounds on Friday, 9th, will be a jolly picnic for visitors, the oooasion being a sports meeting for the boys of the New Town Training School A good programme has been arranged. Thb popular bm. Tambo will run an excursion on Prinoe of Wales' Birthday to Adventure Bay. The City Band will give its usual programme of first-oliss music, and good fishing may be obtained. A variety entertainment, including war pictures and patriotio songs, will be given to-night (Friday) at the Tempw WO* HalL Tbic Corporation laborers who are still working on tna pittance .of the 'unem- ployed' time, when worker* were glad to get a prust, have requisitioned the Muni oipal Council tor an increase. The Cloth understands Atderman Bradley has the matter in band) and as John al ways has a 'warm sympathy for the un derpaid workers, their, cause should be, well represented. It should not be for Kotten by aldermen that at this time the streets aw woefully 'undermanned, and as the few men employed are overworked, there should be no talk about the 'Cor- poration stroke,' and anyhow labor Ib en- , titled to a living wage— and five bob a day is semi-starvation. While the Taumanian politicians have this week busied themselves interfering with the liberties of trade, by legisla ting against the stamp discount system, Mr. Sober! Coldstream has been actively inaugurating bis up-to-date method of extendingthe cirinoiplflf of oo-operation. His new trading system provides that every, one of Mi onstomers rooeire bonus certificates, which entities to a share in the prints of his ' business. Last Monday Mr. Coldstream made his firs^ distribution of profits to bis customers per post, and the dividends were in every instance weloome surprises to the lucky recipients.* Mies F. L. Bodway, a talented young lady and Teohnioftl Sohool pupil, has, un der die guidance of Artist Sheppard, de veloped into a most promising artist] and per the outgoing mail on Monday some of her black and white work will be sent to the Boyal Academy. The studies oonsist of four, two anatomioal drawings, as antique, and one from life. For the latter work Miss Bod way secured a lady friend (one of HoWt's pretty belles) as model, and the result of her art is a most delightful picture of beautiful womanhood.. Mr. Sheppard is very sanguine that his pu pil's work will be accepted by the Aca demy. If so, Miss Bodway will proceed to London, as she will be entitled to five years' free tuition from the ' Immortal Forty.' By-the-way, the Cmppik takes this opportunity to emphasise the value of the work done by Mr. Sheppard at the Technical School, and his art olassee, being popular, are attended i-y a large number of pupils, who require better ac commodation, the rooms being over crowded i aUo the earnest efforts of the teacher in raising the status of Tasma— nian art, ate handicapped by the paucity of art appliances. Miss Bodway's studies will be on view in the Art Gallery on Saturday and Sunday afternoons. About the siokeat man in Tasmania to-day is W. H. Dawson. W.H., who is the most sincere and strenuous of our ' patriot*,' has a fond and foolish habit of measuring other people's corn in his own bushel. Months ago, when Oawson waved a large nag tirelessly in the van of many vociferous processions, he re oioed in the terrific loyalty of the people. Up till recently, he resolutely refused to believe that that loyalty had not re mained at ferer heat. Now he's convinced and sorry. The Taemanian Soldiers' National Memorial Fund was started by the A.N.A., and taken up as a populaf movement, with Dawson for working sec retary. Lord alone knows how much money the promoters expected to raise, but Dawson, having planked down a liberal donation of bis own, worked like a horse. The Government gave him every encouragement — inoludingfreedam of postage. The fund was advertised as probably no other Tasmaniaa fund was advertised. And op to date the sum realised is— £886. Lots of A.N.A. even have not subscribed j heaps of social prominences have made no sign, lu the circumstances, the Memorial bids fair to be a distinot fiasco. Wherefore, W. H. Dawson has no further hope for humanity. Good Tehfliby in Hobart is at thies time 6plit into hostile factions. One camp loves a free and easy time, and the other demands the lodge to be as decorous as a Sootcbbyterian prayer meeting. It was customary for the lodges to indulge in the innocent girly girly gameB of blind man's buff, hunt the slipper, and the postman's knock ; but unfortunately Mr. Dewdrop, a very re speciame married man, louna Mrs. Gingerpop to be a very loveable and altogether a most enjoyable woman, and Madame Gingerpop found her affinity in Mr. Dewdrop, and the games discovered to each their mutual passion, which might otherwise have passed as a tran sient dream or incinerated into dust, sacred to platonic affection. Discerning brothers and sisters saw certain things. A scandal arose, and a godly cold water prophet from a far country, denounced the games as the cause of the falling away from grace of weak ' vessels.' l'he prophet considered postman's knock was Anathema, and hunt the slipper Gehenna. However, quite a number of brothers and sisters decided fhat teetotalism without games was altogether too dreary, and they resolved, 'no games, no lodge.1 The guilty lodge thereupon gave up the ghost, and its only survivor is now a rigidly righteous coterie of godly spinsters, and hard-faced bible thumpers. Tee Great Western Eailway syndicate resumed work at the beginning of the week, and their representatives deserve all praise for the very commendable notice given to the out-of-works, who at this time appear too numerous, that the camp was glutted. Under similar oir oumstanoes certain people, whom The Clipped has written down in their book as iniquities and sweaters would have allowed the men to rush the works and then force the wage rate down. It is to be hoped that work will now be continu ous, and that an early float of the co. in London will soon be an accomplished fact. Mespwbile, the Government have done well in refusing to give the syndi' oato any further latitude on the plea of stopping work until the English engi neers arrive. Ihe men in charge at Glenora aie fully competent to spend the required £400 a week judiciously in the interests of all concerned, 