the mystery of ilford CHANGE. [An, Rights Reserved.] flford Grange li'es in an untrodden yalloy in tho heart of EnKlan-J. a lovely retreat, 'here tho call of the bird has not boon rileneed by tho shriek of tho steam whistle, anil whero tho sky is not clouded, nor tho air fouled with smoko. . ? ii„ t ? „ tim nld Gransro stands a lono Iain-house, whose signboard, Tho llobin Hood, speaks of tho old forest days. Behind tho old inn a pathway led through a wood to the valley of Ilford Grange; the old { tenement was a motley group of buildings, . nrov and rod; once a pious lodging, it was still bnoked by the ruined town and south wall oftho Priory Church. ^Vest of it, a tiny stream bubbled down tho valley, which, banked up to tho north of tho church! formod a lake, tho unruffled surface of which rellects tho IjubIics that have grown round the bank, tho ivy-covered tower and the clouds that float lazily over tho enchanted valley making up a perfect picture of rural beauty. Tho Grange, built of groy stono, is patohed here and thoro with brick.being all overgrown with tunned creepers, and surmounted by tall red brick chimneys, abo^o which again t,owcr the ruins of tho old Priory Church. It wus towards tho close of a bright and glorious ; September day that I paused, after a five mile walk, in front of Ilford Grange. It was jvith strange mingled feelings that I stood for many minutes gazing at tho old pile, ({rim and gloomy reminiscences boing recalled to my mind at its sight. Here, aftormy poor father's death, when a boy of Beven, had I bcon brought from London by my uncle's solicitor. Though at enmity with both my paronts, upon his youngor brother's doceaso I had been sent for. I may here add that a mother's tender love and care I never had known, she having I left, tho world a few weeks only after my As I stood now in the gloaming, tho shadows deepening around the old Grange, I recalled to mind tho dark, bleak, winter's day, when, weary of my morose end miserly relation's tyranny, I ran away, a lad of six teen. Starved and buffeted about for years nt Ilford Grange, my rough lifo on board a 'Mat India merchant ship was far prefer ablojand now.fairly well-to-do, 'and eight and , twenty years of ago, it was- with wild and conflicting emotions that I stood with folded arms at tho entrance gates of my uncle's residence, the old miser, who for years had forgotten my existence, but who now upon his death bed had expressed a wish to behold once more Mb nephew Miles. Something I ? remembered of a pretty little girl, a niece, tho daughter of tho only sister of Mark Han ? way. She, poor child, some seven or eight years my junior, had been the only boing I regretted leaving behind at tho old Grange that bitter winter's day when, proud and defiant, I ran away to seek a homo upon tho vasty deep. Thero was no sign of life about tlio old placc,and as I sauntered up the moss covered and weeded pathway I beheld, as of yore, tho same air of desolation, neglect, and decay. ' ' A miser never changcs his disposition, any more than tho leopard his spots,' I muttered, as, gaining tho old porch, I gave a tug at the bell, the clangour of which woke up, many a dismal echo about the place, startling tho very rooks that wore circling overhead preparatory to seeking their nests, for tho night was close at hand. For some five minutes I waited pationtly a reply to my summons, and then, as I was about again to put my hand on tho bell, the massive oaken door was slowly opened, creaking and groaning on its hinges aB if reluctant to admit of ingress to tho stranger. . An old crone, with yellow, winkled face \- ? and toothless gums, standing on tlie thres hold, winking and blinking like an old owl, in querulous accents demanded my business. ' I left London early this morning to pay a ? visit to my uncle, Mark Hanway.' 'Did you? then you might liavo saved \- yourself a long journey; yon can't bcc him,' saul tho old woman, snappishly, who, though alio bad lost her teeth, I found retained her senso of hearing. ' Can't see him ? What do you mean, woman ? Why, ho sent for me, and as I just now informed you, I have travelled a longdistance at his request.' ' That may bo, but tho old man has started on a longer journey than you have ever made.' \- ' I think I understand you. You mean to infer that he is dead.' 'YeB; and as we have no accommodation ? for travellers, I can't let you in. I'm a lone woman, and can't a-bear strangers. You'll get a bed, I daresay, at tho Robin Hood, t'other siilo of the wood.' ' Tlmnk you, but I do not care to cruise for that anchorage to-night. I'm here now . j . and intend to remain. I do not know who or wlmt you aro, but I have come down here at tho express desire of Unclellanway, and I'm not going to bout ship for any lono woman ?vho dous not like strangers.' llather; short-tempered aud angry at the t impudonco of the crone, I hero very coolly ?r. drove past her into tho hall. Rather taken aback, aa clapping her hands, screeching and yelling like a tiger-cat, she sang out, ' Reuben, Reuben! Dido, Dido!' The pair so loudly called upon starting forth from \ a half-opon door close by mo, and proving to v. bo u burly, Bandy-haired, red faced man, and a fierte, savage-looking dog; the latter with an angry snarl, and revealing a set of luigo , fangs, hunching his back and showing a diB c -position to fly at me without any further to ;? ilo or provocation. \- ' What's all thi3 about ? Who are you ? \-- (Jet out of it, or I'll lot Dido have at ; tlieo I ' ' You'd better hold Dido, as you call hi in, back, or I'll put a knifo inhis ribs. I've j; . done a tidy bit of pig- Bticking in India, and ? ? r™ not going to bo cowed here by a vicioua j dog or bullied by a clodhopper ! You ask who ,? ?: - l nm- I am tho nephew of tho owner of this f houso, and I don't caro who you are or that . crono either; but if you don't tako caro and I: , J are not civil, I'll kick you both out of the ]j , .Grange.' : ' Oh, oh! Do'ee hoar that mother?' f, ? 'I*t.go tho dog at 'im, Reuben. Did tlieo ' , 5 Jjear ho called I a crone?' cried tho hag, j: .... . v j I'Urly dancing with race. To my unmitigated astonishment, tlio v 4'-i , Mpundrol of a man, now loosing tho savago , beast ho had beon holding, with a loud deep .. » mouthed b.iy it sprang upon mo, causing mo uy ltB woight to stagger back against the wall. Hining snatched a broad sliarp-bladed ^uifo .horn my pocket a moment before, and Setting a g00(j gPjp 0f ti)0 tjrute by tho neck, .buried tho weapon up to tho haft in it-B ... throat, and then exorting all my strength I ; uirled tho dying boast at tho old woman — 10 dog and its miBtreBB rolling together upon io floor. Starting now upon the amazed ana oonfoundedReubon, I gavo tho fellow one crashing blow full between tho oyeB, and an »l lor under the left ear that Bent him stun v'i'. ,a.ni' bleeding upon tho bodies of the ?wieking Img and tho dead Dido. laster of tho field, 1 now, drawing a deep [ breath, took a glance around, staring wildly as a little boy, wan faced, ragged and dirty, gliding from a distant corner, with ono hand ' upon his lips and the other upraised, beckoned me to follow him, as he began to ascend a flight of stairs at the end of the hall. Paying no heed to tho oaths and threats of dire vengcanco uttered by the bullying lout below, I at onco hurried after tho poor little oroature, who, gliding swiftly beforo me, kept turning round to seo if I wore following on. Up a second flight of stairs, passing along a corridor that I rememborod well in-the days of old, my little pilot then began ascend ing a third steop flight that I know lod to a suito of rooms seldom or ovor used in my childhood's days, and that bore tho reputa tion of boing haunted. Passing through two apartments that opened ono into the other, tho little fellow came to a, pause, and placing his trombling little hand upon tho door of a third cliainbcr, ho cxclaimcd, in a hesitating and trembling voice, ' Laura's horo I' ' Laura's there, is sho?' I replied, Bmiling at tho troubled expression that rested upon tho poor boy's features; for though locked, I was well assured that 1 could soon burst tlio door opon if necessary; and calling to mind that Laura was the name of my pretty playmate and cousin in tho long ago, I dotermincd, without any scruple, to force an cntranco in to the room. Forthwith, and without any further to-do, I gave a bound with my shouldor against the obstacle hefore me; that, as I expeeted, toro the lock away, and landed mo sprawling upon the floor of the chamber beyond. Starting to my foot, I was now astounded at beholding a young and lovoly girl, a beautiful blonde, lying upon a couch, bound hand and foot, whilst piled up to tho coiling, as if ready for removal, I observed a chest of i drawer?, tables, chairs, card-tables, and wash stands, all packed one upon the other, caus- ] ing tho chamber to reBemble the sale room of an auctioneer. My first proceeding was, of course, to re lease from her bonds the weeping girl, who, in wild alarm, seizing me by the arm, ex claimed: | ' What have you done with that infamous woman and her son?' | ' Shown them both that I mean to be master hero !' ' But tho dog— they will set .tho horrible bruto upon you !' ' They did that same thing, my dear girl, and I served Dido aB I used to do the wild boars; but tell mo, Laura, what is the mean ing of that strange array of furniture ?' . I ' I will tell you all — everything. But say, are you not my cousin Miles, that poor undo was expecting ?' 1 'I am he; yes, Laura. And though so many years have passed since we wandered hand in hand about the valley and through tho woods, I recognised you, dear, the moment I entered tho apartment. And now tell me what villainy has been going on hero ?' i ' Almost murder, Mi'es,' cried my pretty relation, as she clung tremblingly and confi dingly to my arm. ' Poor nncle Hanway died yesterday, and because old John Greys brooko and his daughter wouldn't consent to some vile proposition of theirs, the monster, Reuben Monks, and his vile old mother j barricaded them up in the ghost room, and Go'd knows what crime would have bcon carried out if you had not arrived; for my Belf I would have died before agreeing to the wishes of that dreadful pair. j ' And what wore those wishes, Laura ?' j ' That I should consent to become the wife of the horrid son.' | ' A very modest desire, certainly; but I'll haze (punish) them before many hours are over. And now to release 'the prisoners. Thank God I arrived in time, Laura, for I believe that vile old hag and the fellow ' Reuben wouldn't have hesitated at murder, ' or their looks belie them.' Setting strenuously to work I proceeded to drag away tho numerous articles of furni ture that had been heaped together, and slightly aided by my cousin speedily dis closed the half-glass door that opened into f the ghost room, as it was called. Here, by the pale rays of the moon that stolo through 1 a small casement at the far end of thiB ante-room, I beheld the wan and startled faces of the old man and his daugh ter, who had so daringly been imprisoned by ! the vile housekcepor, Mrs. Monks, and hor ' son. | With some difficulty getting away from my cousin, who was in fear and alarm for my safety, I now, leaving her with the GroyB- ' brookes, at once descended to the lower part of the house i I was rather surprised that I had received no further signs of revolt from the enemy, especially as I had heard from Laura of their ' audacious desires and criminal proceedings. ' Followed by the littlo boy, a waif of the adjacent village, I made a thorough inspec tion of tho premises, and at last was pretty well convinced that the mother and her hope ful aon had vacatod tho premises. ! Returning to my anxious cousin, all tlie night through (along with the poor old labourer and his daughter) we sat up in that house of the doad, none of us under the cir- j cumstances caring to seek repose. The next day, upon calling in the county . counstabulary, we discovered that Reuben Monks and hiB mother had decamped, but had carried off -a considerable sum in gold, part of the hoards of my unfortunate uncle, who had died with no relative by his death bed ; oven Ilia niece having been prevented from attending upon him by the vicious beings in whom for yoars ho had placed such trust. The precious pair of conspirators by nieanB of tho hue and cry and a smart de tective from London, were soon captured, and received a well-merited sontonce of ' Five Years' Penal.' As next-of-kin, I duly inherited all Mark Hanway's wealth, and, wedding the lovely Laura and settling down at the old Grange, I tempted no more the dangers of tlio deep, deep sea. ? 