GLOWING south ern bud bathed the drowsy old garden in a flood of molt en gold. • The J orange und lig tree* hung their luscious fruit within tempting distance, while up to tbu S< noiita's bedroom wiatloi* climbed in n riot of yellow splendour tho supocb gold ot Upuic rose tren, famous along the entire, coast. Never was there such another rose tree ! The Senorita was straight and tall and ftlender. Though the Rrey was btrginninj; to orecp in.her dusky huir.aml tho tell-tale wrinkles were seaming her foruhea 1, yet she wus n handsome womau, with tho name Andnluftinn features, the soft, speaking eyes, tho clear oliro skin, her beautiful mother had brought from Spain yenrs ago. Jivery afternoon when tho Seuorita bail finished l.er household duties, before sho sat down to the dainty drawn work which was a partof her daily occupation, and from which she derived a modest income, it was bur custom to enter the drawing-room, and after adjusting the bliuds so that the sunlight would touch her protrait gently, to atanil before ic intently re garding bcr own lost youth. ** Madro di Dios 1" was tho murmured «x clamatiou, " bub it was long time ayo—-long —time—ago." There was also a vaso of goldeu rosea on a littlo stund before tho portrait. When tbo Senorita's £.»ze left the picture it fell upon the flower*. With a gentle sigh she would psn airoly touch the petals with caressing lin/;orj<, then silently anil like a ghost slowly glide from tho room. Years before, when tho Senorita was jouug, a beauty aud a belle of the little settlement, up at the l'residio there was a gallaut yuung liou teuaut who fell desperately m love with tho oharming Spaniard. Their courtship uinid tho myrtle and orange groven, under tl.u warm moonlight of the Southern region, in the shel tered nooks along the white beach was ideal. Ooce, when the lieutenant returned from Santa Batbara, whither be had been scut on important military business, he brought to bin sweetheart a tiny rose bush, which ho planted before ber door. •' Ygnacia," he whimpered, as ho caught her slim hfanriB in bis and bent his bold, blue eyes upon her blushiog face, ** my love foryou will be poreuoial, like this bush, and sweet as its blossoms *' But alas for the pieces of passion 1 The lleuleuaut vtuh one to love and ride away. Ere the roses bail bloomed the third year, he had ' departed, departed with fervent vows and promise* of a upeedy returu. But the long buruiug summers, the slow dreary nutters, drifted by and he cerer came. The tiny bush grew to be a lordly tree. She heard of him now and then—tbo famous Indiau fighter, then the major, the colonel, al Jast the great General, whose numo wan honoured throughout the laud. Then caine the news of his marriage to a celebrated bello and heiress. The rose tree wm growing and blooming, but hope was dead in the heart of the Senorita Year after year she lived her simple little life iu the old adobe cottage of her aucesturs, One by oue her friends patsed array. To the Sonorita were left only hur roau garden and memory. It was a great day for thesleepy little Spuuish town when the railway aarne ; greater,wheu the rich syndicate built the magnificent hotel Then came the electric earn, rushing and clang ing before the Senorita's rose garden. One evening the Senoiita sat under the Gold of Ophir rose tree. In her hands she held u cluster of her farourites. As she inhaled their fragrance her thoughts were as ever, btuy with the past. N The garden gate clicked sod swung open. Two pnople advanced slowly and uncertainly through the galheriag dusk ; a man and a womin, young, faahionably-dresied, with n» unmistakable air of good breeding. The j maa, btepping forward and courteously | lifting his hat, Raid, " Have I the honour of addressing Senorita \Vnacia Bon&ventura; ?" He stopped abruptly oa a sharp cry fell from the Scnorita's lips. 11 Sinta Maria !" she breathed, rather than •poke, *' who it ees ?" 4* I am sorry to have stalled you so," replied the visitor gently : " we were tol l at tbo hotel that you were quite willing strangers should see this beautitul tree or we would not hare in truded. I beg your pardon," aud he turned as if to go. ** Stay, Senor,'* she cried, " do not go. 1 will Bh«w you the roses with happiucm—ji But your face it ecs which gave me so moocko start. Jesu Christo ! bat you are like some one——'* 44 I think yon knew my father," said the stranger ; '* he w?.s stationed here at the I'retipio, yeara ai,oT acd L have often heard him skeak of this charming old town." " Your fathaire here ?" " Yes, my father, General Saunders ; Lieu tenant Saunders when he was here." There was a profound silence. The straight, slim figure seemed turned to stone. Tom Saun ders felt as if be were confronted by some vague uukuown tragedy. His young wife, too,-was experiencing a seniation as if she were looking on at a mysterious phase of human emotion. She turned her sweet facr, full of tender sympathy, towards the Suiorita. The Senorita spoke first ; 44 Si lenor," fihe said iu a low, grave voice, M I did know your fathaire long—time—ago. lie look like you — ah, I 'ope he eea well—si ,4 Did" you not know ? But of course you would not have heurd "—said Saunders sadly, 14 my father is dead. He dird a month ago." ** He eei dead ? " repeated the Senoiita mechanically. •* ife.s,v said S;»unders, 41 aud before he died, he charged rue wilh a sacred commirsiou. Ilo knew that I wan coming hern on my weddiug journey. He called mo to hisa one day ami said : " When you get thero 1 waut you to seek Senorita Ygnaoia Bonaventura. Tell her for me that now I atn nearing death, X see with clear vision, and thut 1 regret the past. Tell fcer that as I lie here racked with pnin, I long, oh ! 1 long for the cooftjess and quiet of ikt rose-garden, and that in the long watches of each restless night I smell again the perfume from the golden roses I planted bofore her door." There was a sound of sobbing, us Saunders finished his pathetic message. It came from his wife, who wur profoundly affected by the situa tion. But tho Senorita did not nreep. ller rhita face wns tense in its agony, but not a tear glistened iu her sombre eyes. Shu held out hur hund to the son of her old love. Ho took it in both his and pressed it gently. 44 She bus suffered for my father's sake," was the thought that flushed through his mind. As Paundortt and hifJ wife were leaving, thtir arms filled with brunches and clusters of ihn of the Gold of Ophir roses, the Senorita held f«peu tho gate for them. When Saunders passed her, she laid in hi* hand the king of all that year's blossoms, a gre*t royal golden rosb. u For tho liuutennnt's grave," she simply said. Saunders bowed, too much moved to speak. And six weeks later the ashes of that perfect flower wore reverently strewn over a grave in Greenwood, Hcnra after their depasture, tho f?enoiHa filtered the little dtairing-roooi. Her f»cn waa wan and haggard and old. She lifted her flickering candle high before tho portrait and gazed steadfastly apon tho beautiful young faco that smiled down at her. 11 Mndro di Dios ! she breathed, M but it vms a long— timo—ago," Tho next morning they tried in vaita to waken the Se-norita. She lay still nnd cold on her bed, drawn close to the open cnsoment.Through the window, the great gay golden roaro climbed and looked iuto the poor little chamber. And one, bolder tlnvn tho rest, had laid it« yellow heud close to thk dead heart of the Scnorita, 