Off THE LEADS: [All Eights Beservul.J A GHOST STORY, By S. BARTXG-GOCLD (Author of -MduOah,' 'John Herring,' *e, &c;) Having realised a competence in Aus tralia, and having a hankering after conn-, try life for the remainder of my days in the old home, on my return to England I went to an agent with the object of rent ing a house with shooting attached, over at least three thousand acres, with, the option of a purchase should the place suit me. 1 was no more intending to buy a country seat without having tried what it was like than is a king disposed to go to war without knowing something of the foree that can be-brought against him. ?I was rather taken with photographs of a manor rallied Fernwood, and I was stui further engaged when 1 saw the place' it self on a beautiful October day, when fet. Luke's summer was turning the country into a world of rainbow tints under a warm sun, and ? soft vaporous blue base uroeo. mil snaaows eooalt, and gave to the hills a stateliness that made them look like moujftains. Fernwbod:' was an old house, built in the shape of the letter H, and therefore, presumably, daring from the time of the early Tudor nonarchs. The porch opened into the hall which was on the left of the cross stroke, and the drawing room was on the right. There was one inconvenience about 'die house ; it bad a staircase at each extremity of the cross stroke, and there was no upstair communication between the two wings of the mansion. But as a practical man, I saw how this might be remedied. The iront aoor laced the scuth, and the hall was windowless en the nortk. Xothing easier than to nm a corridor along at the Lack, giving communication both upstairs and downstairs, without passing through the hall. The whole thing could be done for, at the outside, two hundred pounds, and would be no ditsfiguranznt to the place. I agreed to become tenant of Fernwood for a twe3ve-montu, in which tims I siiould be able to judge whether the place would suit me, the neighbours be pleasant, and the climate agree with my wife. We went down to Fernwood at once, and settled ourselves comfortably in by the first week in Xovcmber. The house was furnished, it was the property of an elderly gentleman, a ba chelor named Framett, who lived in rooms in town, and spent most of his time at the dub. He was supposed to have been jilted by his intended, after which he eschewed female society, and remained un married. I called on him before taking up oar residence at Fernwood, and found him a somewhat blase, languid, cold-blooded crea ture, not at all proud of having a noble manor hoiieVthat liad belonged to his family for four centuries ; very willing to sell it, so as to spite a cousin who calcu lated on coming in for the estate, and whom Mr. Fnunctt, with the malignity that is sometimes found in old people, was particularly desirous of disappointing. '?The house has been let before, I sup pose t' sail L 'Oh, yes,' lie replied indifferently, 'I believe so, several rimes.' 'For long J' ' Ko—o. I believe, not. for long.' 'Have the tenants had any particular reasons {or not remaining on there— if I may be so bold as to inquire ?' 'AH people have reasons to offer, bnt *?hat they offer you are not supposed to receive as genuine.9* ? I could get no more from him than this. ' I tlunk, Ghr, if 1 were you X would not go down to Fetnwood till after November was buL' ??..-. i ? But,' said i, ' I want the shooting.' 'Ah, to be sire—the shooting, ah ! 1 should have preferred if you could have waited Un December began.' 'That «wU not suit me,' I said, and so the matter, (ttdtd. . When we were settled in, we occupied the right-wing of the house. The left or trest wing was tut scantily furnished, and looked cheerless,' as though rarely ten anted. We were not a large family, my wife and myself alone ; there was conse quently *mp'.e accommodation in the east wfaag f cr ns. The servants were placed above tie titchen, in k portion of the house I have aot yet described. It was a half wing, il I may so describe it, built on the north side parallel with the upper arm of the western limb of the ball, and the H. This Uock had a gable to the north like the wings, and a broad lead valley was between them, that, as I learned from the agent, had to te attended to after the fall of the leaf, and in times of snow, to Hear il. Access to this valley could be had from . within, by means of a little window in Hie roof, formed as a dormer. A short ladder allowed anyone to ascend from the pas sage to this window, and open or shut it. The western staircase gave access to tills passage, from which the servants' rooms in the new block were reached, as also the untenanted apartments in the old wing. And as there were now windows in the ex tremities of tliis passage that ran due north and south, it derived all its light from the afore-mentioned dormer window. One night, after, we had been in the liouse aoout a week, I was sitting up smok ing, wun a utue vnisky and water at my elbow, reading a review of an absurd, ignonmtly written book on Xew South Wales, when I Heard a tap at the door, and the parlour maid came in, and said in. a nervous tone of voice : ''Beg your pat don, jar, but' cook nor I, nor none of us dare go to bed.' 'Why not^'l asked, looking up in surprise. Tlease, sir, we daren't go into the passage to get to our rooms.' 'Whatever is the matter with the pas sage ?' 'Oh, nothing, sir, with the passage. Would you mind, sir, just coming to see ? We don't know 'what to make of it.' I put down my review with a grunt of dissatirfaetKn, laid ray pipe aside, and fol ivura Uie main * ltd me through the hall, and up the staircase at the western extremitv. On reaching ths upper landing, I saw all the maids there in a duster, and all evidently much scared. ' Whatever is all this nonsense about V I asked. ' Please, sir, wfll you look ? We eant say.' The parlour maid pointed to an oblong patch of moonlight on the wall of the passage. The nierht was cfondlooa 9nj *u~ full moon shone slanting in through the dormer, and painted a brilliant suver strip on the wall opposite. The window being on the side of the roof to the east, we could not see that, but did see the light thrown through it against the wall. This patch of reflected light was about seven feet above the floor. The window itself was some ten feet up, and the passage was but foor feet wide. I enter into these particulars for reasons that wfll presently appear. The window was divided into three part* by wooden mullions, and was composed of four panes of glass in each compartment. Sow I could distinctly see the reflection of the moon through the window with the Wack bars up M4 aown, and the division of the panes. But I saw more than that ; I saw the shadow oi a lean arm with a hand and thin lengthy fingers across a portion o£ the window, apparently groping at where was the latch by which the case ment could be opened. My impression at the moment was that tiiere was a burglar on the leads, trying to enter the house by means of this dor mer. Without a minute's hesitation I ran into the passage, and looked up at the window, but could see only a portion of it, rs in shape it was low, though broad, and, as already stated, was set at a great ^ height. But at that moment something fluttered past it- like a rush of flapping draperies, obscuring the light. I had placed the ladder, which I found -Jiffpli*— ' up to the wan, in position, and planted my foot on the lowest rung, when my wife arrived. She had been w'»'nf'* by the housemaid, and now she dung to me, and protested that I was not to »mh-«J without my pistoL To satisfy her, I got my Colt's revolver, that 1 always kept loaded, and then, but only hesitatingly, did she allow me to mount. I ascended to the casement, un hasped it, and looked out. I could see nothing. The ladder was over short, and ft required aa effort to heave oneself from it through lite casement on to the leads. I am stout, and not as nimble as t was when younger. After one or two efforts, and after presenting from bdow an ap pearance that would have provoked laugh ter at any otber time, I succeeded in get ting through and upon the leads. I looked up and down the valley — there was absoluielv nothim? to be seen except an accumulation oi haves carried there from Oil trees that were shedding their Tbe situation was vastly puzzling. As Jar as I could judge there was no way off the roof, no other window opening into tLe \'allcy ; 1 did not go £long upon the lezds, aa it was night, and the moonlight is treacherous. Moreover. 1 was wholly unacquainted with the arrangement of the roof, and had no wish to risk a fall. I descended from the window with my feet groping 'for the upper rung «f tlie ladder in a manner even more grotesque than my ascent t'jxough- the casement, but neither my «iie-^ustally extremely alive to anything ridiculous in mv appearance — nor the domestics were in a mood to me, and bad hardly reached the bottom of the ladder befcre again a shadow flickered across the patch of moonlight. I was ffflriy perplexed, and stood mus ing. ' Thin I recalled that immediatdy behind the house the ground rose 7 that, in fact, the house lay under a considerable hill. It was just possible by ascending the slope, to reach the level of the gutter, and rake the leads from oue extremity to the other with my eye. I mentioned tiu's to my wife, and at once the -whole set of maids trailed down the stairs after us. They were afraid to re main in the passage, and they were curious to . see if there really were some person on the ler^s. We went out at the back of the bouse, and ascended the Uank till we were on a levd with the broad gutter between the Rabies. I now saw that this gutter did cot run through- Let stopred against the Lall roof ; consequently, unless there were some opening of which I knew nothing, the pel-sen on tlie leads could not leave the place, save by the dormer window, when open, or by sin-arming down the fall pipe It at onse oenitnu to roe that if what 1 had seen were the shadows of a bur glar, he might have mounted by means of the rain water pirc But if so— how had 1'* vanished the moment my head pro truded through the window! and how was it that I Uad Been tj... shadow nicker past the light immediately after I had d«c«H-ed the udder ? It was conceivable that the man had concealed himself in the shadow of the hall roof, and had taken advantage of my withdrawal to run past the window so as to rsach the fall pipe, and lot himself down bv that. I could, however, ree no one running away, as I must have done, going outside so soon after Us supposed descent. But the whole a.Vair became more per plexing when, looking towards the leads. I saw in the moonlight something with flut tering garments running up and down them. There could be no mistake— the object was a woman, and her garments were mere tattws. We coald not hear a sound. I looked round at my wife and the ser 1 vanU — they saw this weird object as dis tinctly as myself. It was more like a. gigantic bat than a human being, and yet, that it was a woman we could not doubt, for the arms were now and then thrown above the head in wOd gesticulation, and at moments a profile was presented, and then we saw, or thought we saw, long flapping hair, unbound. ' I must go back to the ladder,' said I, 'you remain where Ton are, watch ing.' *' Oh, Edward ! not alone,' pleaded my wife. ' My dear, who is to go with me *' I went. I had left the back door un locked, and I ascended the staircase, and entered the passage. Again I saw the shadow flicker past the moonlit patch on the wall opposite the window. I ascended the ladder, and opened the casement. Then I heard the dock in the hall strike one. I heaved myself up to the sill with great labour, and endeavoured to thrust my short body through the window, when 1 beard feet on the stairs, and next moment my wife's voice from below, at the foot of the ladder. ' Oh, Edward, Edward ! please do not go out there again. It has vanished. All at once. There is nothing there now to be seen.' I returned, touched the ladder tenta tively -with my feet, refastened the win dow, and descended— perhaps inelegantly. I then went down with my wife, and with ber returned up the bank, to the spot 'where stood clustered our servants. '' They had seen nothing further ; and al though I remained on the spot watching for half-an-hour, I also saw nothing more. The maids were too frightened to go to bed, and so agreed to sit up in the kitchen for the rest of the night by a good fire, and I gave them a bottle of sherry to mull, and make themslves comfortable upon, and to help them to recover their courage. Although I went to bed I could not sleep. I was completely baffled by -what I had seen. I could in no way tfrplain what the object was, and how it had left the leads. Next day I sent for the village mason, and asked him to set b, long ladder against the well head of the fall pipe, and examine the valley between the gables. At the same time I would mount to the little window, and contemplate proceedings through that. The man had to send for a ladder suffi ciently long, and that occupied some time. However, at length he bad it planted, and then mounted. When he approached the dormer window — 'Give me a hand,' said I, 'and haul me up ; I would like to satisfy myself with my own eyes that there is no other means of getting npon or leaving the leads.' He took me under both shoulders, and heaved me out, and I stood with him in the broad lead gutter. 'There's no other opening whatever ,'said he, 'and Lord love you, sir, I believe that what you saw was no more than this,' and he pointed to a branch of a noble cedar that grew hard by the west side ol the house. 'I warrant, sir,' said he, 'that what you saw was this here bough as has been carried by a storm and thrown here — and the wind last night swept it up and down the leads.' ' ' But was there any wind V I asked. ' I do not remember that there was.' 'I can't say,' said he ; 'before twelve o'clock I was fast asleep, and it might have blown a gale and I hear nothing of it.' ' I suppose there must have been some wind,' said I, ' and that I was too sur prised and — the women too frightened to observe it,' I laughed. ' So this marvel Ions spectral phenomenon receives a very prosaic and natural explanation. Mason, throw down the bough, and we will burn it to-night.' The branch was cast over the ledge and fell at the back of the house. 1 left the leads, descended, and going out, picked up the cedar branch, brought it into the hall, summoned the servants, and said, deri sively — ' Here is an Dlostration of the way in which weak-minded women get scared. Now we will burn the burglar or ghost that we saw. It turns out to be nothing but this branch, blown up and down the leads by the wind.' 'But, Edward,' said my wife, 'there was not a breath stirring.' ' There must have been. Only where we were we were sheltered, and did not observe it. Aloft, it blew across the roofs, and formed an eddy that caught the bro ken bough, lifted it, carried it first one way, then spun it round, and. carried it the reverse way. In fact the wind be tween the two roofs assumed a spiral movement. I hope now you are all satis fied. I am.' So the bough was burnt, and our fears — I mean those of the females, were al layed. In the evening, after dinner, as I sat with my wife, she said to me, 'Half a bottle would 'have'6eeh enough, Edward. Indeed, I think half a bottle was too much; you should sot give the girls a liking for sherry, it may lead to bad results. If it bad been elderberry wine, that would have been different.' ' But there is no elderberry wine in the house,' I objected. \- Well, I hope no harm will come of it, but I greatly mistrust ? ' ' Please, sir, it is there again.' The parlour maid, with a blanched face, was at the door. 'Xonsense,' said I, 'we burnt it.' ** This comes of the sherry,' observed my wife. ** They will be seeing ghosts every night' 'But. my dear, you san it as well as myself !' I rose, my wife followed, and we went to the landing as before, and sure enough, against the patch of moonlight cast through the window in the roof, was the arm again, and then a nutter of shadows, as if cast by garments. ' It was not the bough,' said my wife. ' If this had been seen immediately after the sherry, I should not have been sur prised, but — s£ it is now, it is most extra ordinary.' ' 111 have this part of the house shut up,' said L Then I bade the maids once more spend the night in the kitchen, ' and make yourselves lively on tea,' I said — for I knew my wife would not allow of another bottle oi sherry being given them. ' To-morrow, your beds shall be moved to the east wing.' ' Beg pardon,' said the cook, ' I speaks in the name of alL We don't think we can remain is the house, but must leave the situation.' 'That comes of the tea,' said I to my wife. ' Now,' to the cook, *~ as you have had another fright— I will let you have a bottle of mulled port to-night.' 'Sir,' said the cook, 'if you can get rid of the ghost, we don't want to leave so good a master. We withdraw the no tice.' Xext day, I had all the servants' goods transferred to the east wing, and roonts fitted up for them to sleep in. As their portion of the house was completely cut off from the west wing, the alarm of the domestics died away. A heavy stormy rain came on next week, the first token of winter misery. I then found that— whether caused by the cedar bough, or by the nailed boots oi the mason, I cannot say, but the lead of the valley between the roofs was torn, and water came *n streaming down the walls, and threatening to severelv damage the ceilings. I had to send for a plumber as soon as the weather mended. At the same time I started for town to see Mr. Framett. I had made up my mind that Fermvood was not suitable, and by the terms of mv agreement I might be off mv bargain if I gave notice the first month, and then my tenancy would be for the six months only. I found the squire at his club. \- Ah !' said he, 'I told you not to go there in November. Xo ode likes Fern wood in November, it is all right at other ' What do you mean V \- Xiiere is no botlier except in Xovcm ber.' ~ Why should there be bother, as yon term it, then 5' Mr. Framett shrugged Uis shoulders. ' How the deuce can I tell you ? I've never been a spirit and all that sort of thing, lime. Blavatsky might possibly tell you. I can't. But it is a fact.' \- What is a fact !' 'IVhy, that there is no apparition at CAPE MORETOK. OLD WATERWHEEL, TAMBOURINE MOUNTAIN. any other time. It is only in November, when she met with a little misfortune. That is when she is Been.' ' Who is seen ?' . ~ My Aunt Eliza — I mean my great aunt.' 'You speak mysteries.' ' I don't know much about it. and care less,' said Mr. Framett, and called lor a lemon squash. 'It was this. I had a great aunt who was deranged. The family kept it quiet, and did not send her to an asylum, but fastened her in a room in the west wing. You see, that part of the house is much separated from the rest. I believe she was rather shabbily treated, bnt she was difficult to manage, and tore her clothes to pieces. Somehow she suc ceeded in getting out on the Tool, and 'would race up and down there. They al lowed her to do so, as by that means she obtained fresh air. But one night in November she scrambled up there, and I believe, tumbled over. It was bushed up. Sorry you went there in November. 1 should have liked you to buy the place. I am sick of it.' I did buy Fernwood. What decided me was this ; the plumbers, in mending the leads, with that ingenuity to do mischief which they sometimes display, succeeded in setting fire to the roof, and the result was that the west wing was burnt down. Happily, a wall so completely separated the wing from the rest of the house — that the fire was arrested. The wing was not rebuilt, and I— thinking, with the disappearance of the leads, that 1 should be freed from the apparition that haunted them, purchased Fernwood. I am happy to say we have been undisturbed since. [The End J CAM DOOM BA STATION', KSK. 