CHAPTER XIX. WXIO tliis itt_-stairei interview. Her face brightened as eIio greeted her lover, wlio was standing, tall, dark, and erect, at a discreet distance from the other visitor, and quickly came forward to meet her, ^ thus interposing bimsclj _ between her and Cleo to *rivc tbc latter time to collect and compose hcrecU—a precaution that eras, hou ever, iitllo needed, first Uecaus= ac° n-as n we'd practised actress, secondly beca^ Mian at the moment of meeting, tbomdith had emit' been apart for two days, had eyes only for'biai. A soft, halt-shy about her lips as her haad rested lm^cnnJy in his-in his that hut a minute ago had strained that other woman's hand m a grip that was almost fierce t ,• , T 44 You have not been introduced, 1 sup pose?" Mian said, glancing from himto OIco, in whose manner, as she stoea at case, with one hand on an open book on the table, there was no betraying or suspicious sign. "I have not yet presented my credentials to this lady," he replied; and his y°ipcJJ?f firm and hard; a cold, half-mocking smile curved his lips. — " Then let me introduce you to Sirs. Froe man-Hr. Hazard." A fa* flush warmed her cheek as she uttered his name. Hazard bowed low. Cleo acknowledged the lntro ' duatiou formally, hut graciously. ■ "Tlie widow, I beueve, .of mv la.e regretted fricud Anthony Hemingrlfezart observed. It occurred to Lilian that there was a little failing in his usual discretion (she would not have afiowed herself to think him •milrr of an indelicacy) in thus dragpu? 1 Snv allusion to that unlucky name at the first moment of introduction. . It wus indeed-ia the sheer bravado of carrying off .a d'^pwaic position that lie spoKc._sGseo held licr head high and met liisgnze steadily, with some thing that was-almost a challenge m her own. " Indeed?"' .1 was not aware mat Air. J&HSlfd;^' (with a slight emphasis lmper s^^esptihio to any ear hut his on the name), was acquainted with my husband ? . -Oh, yes. we met, and chummed years ago, out iu Denver." Iu Denver ? Ah i" She smiled , her smile had a tinge of mockery that seemed to meet and defy his. ... " That would be before your day, wouiu it not ?" pat in Lilian, with the innocent intent or smoothing matters and turning the sub iect Sbe was unsuspicious as a cnuu ot tne trader-currents of significance iu their words, vc* va-nielv conscious of something inyisiole, impalpable", uudefinahle, some magnetic dis turiutice in the atmosphere, which, bowevcr the set down as the natural effect of the widow's sensitiveness bcingrufflcd or womided l,y 1'hiJip's ubrnpt and, as even she ooaldnoi but ihick, ill-timed allusion to her unfortunate L""Yci' that was before lay day," Cleo as sented siowly. Lilian strove to smooth the position and oil the wheels of convention which seemed to run somewhat stiffly, by well-meant commonplace. W e talk ungrate ful! v and lightlv of "commonplace, bat we ire none or us half grateful enough for the coon Of its help in getting us over thin plaees in the ice. Cleo seconded her hostess nva cioutlr, and soon Sirs. Vanghan came in, kind nud gracious to Cleo (she was always khid and gracious to everyone unless she nan some especial tcason for being the reveree). and quite affectionate to Hazard, whom shs now addresscd, with an intimacy that mmkcd his acceptance as one of the family, as iriniip. S&eV; Freeman was certainly an acquisition at the dinner table; she was good to look at and had plenty to say; she was full of amusing and discreetlv chosen reminiscences, Atlant-C anecdotes aid gossip of the El viewy even now and then audaciously throwing in an allusion to Denver city or Chicago, allusions which Hazard, as if answering a tacit cfiai lm-e was ready to take up, to catch and throw back the hall; for he had now settled himself souarelv in the new position, and was daringly, almost defiantly self-possessed. Cieo was well accustomed to tlie trans . formation scenes of life, hut even to her the situation seemed scarcely creamlo; she was hardly sure it was not all a wild dream, and 1 every now" and then she felt an insane m cliration to break out into violent laughter, as she watched the man who now called htm sdf Philip Hazard, in lib. new character, so tru.-u'uliv received into the bosom of this quiet unsophisticated English xaraily, as the betrothed husband of the fairest flower of the h°Hc"r amazement and ironical amusement at the position were, however, so admirably dts •niised that even he wondered half aditurtugly at her sang- froid. Tliis woman could keep his cere' safe if she would. Could—hut would she? She should—she must . She had her price, he was sure of that, and wba. ever it might be, it must be paid. The Vaughani were talking about a drive to Charlrr-nncst day, to pay some cads ; and when the ladies had retired to the drawing room after dinner, Hazard took the oppor tiratty of asking tbc major about a somewhat rare historical work, and pulled out pocket book and pencil to enter date of publication, publishers name, &c.; During the evening, whilst looking over a portfolio of engravings, he found a chance of slipping a tiny scrap of folded paper into Cleo'a hand uuperceived. On it had been scribbled: "Must see you alone. "When and where? Can you makej some excuse for staying at home to- morrow afternoon?*' The passing of the slip of paper from hand to hand had been easy enough, albeit under the very eyes of the unsuspecting family party, and Cleo found no difficulty in gliding1 an answering whisper equally safely into his car, in the moment that she bent towards him as if to offer her help to close the heavy portfolio. She was not the woman to change colour, or look conscious, or betray by the expression of her face the words her lips were framing, as with smiling case and apparent nonchalance she dropped a few syllables under her breath. And so the trvst T n:««'c f«ftft Tvntr>nr,f- it,ft was made before Lilian's face, without the ghost of a suspicion dawning in her mind. When the hourenme for Hazard to take his leave and go his way, his fiancee went with Lira as far as the hall doer, a proceeding which by this time had become a recognised habit and custom; indeed, in the simple homely family at Sunnysidc, it had generally devolved upon Lilian to see visitors out, though nowadays she was universally be sought "not to trouble " to do anything that oould be a trouble to lier. But it was no trouble to see the hist of Hazard at the door, and often it happened that there was a book or paper to he exchanged, and they turned into the major's study—when the major was safely out of it, as he was ibis evening, being entertained by the interesting conversation of ; the attractive guest. " Well, what do you think of her?" was Lilian's first question when tete-a- tete with her lover. " Think of her? Oh !"—hesitating with a carel**?* air, intended to convey that ho had not thought enough to form or express any opinion. " She's pretty, isn't she r" said Lilian. "Humph! Yes, passable-looking; well preserved." His eyes rested on Lilian's pure, sweet face, more beautiful than ever now, with the lovc-ligbt ou it, glorified by that soul radiance " that never was on land or sea." " You can afford to admire other women, my girl! " he added. " Why?" she asked, for the moment inno cently uncomprehending; then shcji'itd ■"LLs* meaning in his eyes, audggaiWfglad with an everfresb-ifl'1 tTTat those eyes found He smoothed the hair back from ber brow, and framed her face between his hands ; she little dreamt that he seemed to himself to he looking at lier across a gulf ! "Darling!"he said, and there was moro of sombre passion than tenderness in his deepened tone, "you're the world's one woman to me!" They lingered over their goodnight as lovers are wont to linger. It was always hard to part, if but for a few hours; hut how he hated to leave her now, under the same roof with the woman of whom he could only think as " Cleo Hilary," not as Freeman's widow ! It was like leaving hxs white lamb in the fold with a hidden wolf. True, Cleo might bear her no illwill, but she had it in her power to strike a deadly. blow. He believed he might trust her to hold her hand, to keep peace and silence. Yet he hated the thought of leaving those two together in the shelter of the same home. He could not bear to release his darling from his arms, to press the final gooduiglit lriss on the lips on which bis caresses left a-smile as soft as the dream of a summer dawn ; and yet the trustful gaze of the happy, loveiit eyes was hard to meet. ' Lilian was happy, and did not dream of the storm in her lover's heart. She read in his every look and word the story of his love; indeed, "that story wus plaiu to read, but she did not read what was written between the lines, and that was well for her peace this night! *\Yhilo 6he was lapped in a moonlight trance of happiness, he was consumed as by a fire. He knew no peace or rest either with her or without her. The 6erpcnts of fore boding and misgiving that had sometimes been lured to sleep were awake, and writhed and stung in hi* soul. "What if fate should snatch her from his arms ? If by a destiny crueller than death die should tear herself away from him ? If he lived to see her shrink, recoil from him ? No ! that ho would not 6ce ! No matter at what cost, he would hold her his—his to the last of life 1 The next day his scheme for obtaining a private interview with Cleo worked out safely and satisfactorily. Cleo felt her cold wore*, and exensed herself from aecompauy ing the family party on their long drive ; Hazard, calling at Suunyside shortly after they had started, expressed regret at missing them ; he bad hoped to be in time to catch them before they went out, his watch must have been slow—yes, he would come in for a few minutes, and he found Mrs. Freeman in the drawing-room ready and willing to re ceive him. The opportunity was not to be wasted, however inucb he rebelled against the com pulsory confidence into which a perverse fate had driven him. There was no help for it. he must, and did, then and there, confide to Cleo the full explanation ot the circumstances which had led him to take up the startling position in which ihcir unexpected meeting had revealed him—and conceal fruin her, if possible, the deep ar.d hitler rcluetaucc with which he f It himself thus forced into trusting' her with his secrets. " It's the wildest, maddest, most desperate game the mind of mortal man could con ceive !" she said, when she had heard all his story. "And I believe there's not a man bat you who would dare undertake it 1" strange smile hovered about her Hps, audj there was no mistaking the look in lier eyes, dilated with admiration—if indeed there was nothing warmer than mere admiration in the gleam that kindled in their curious ruddy brown depths!—as she added, "lou stand committed to it now." 44 And I'll cany it throngh," he rejoined. " I've burnt my ships behind me ! And you —you're safe,'aren't you, Geo? You can keep a c-ecrct ?" " This is a desperate secret to keep," she said slowly, her eyes still fastened on his face. "But you will keep it? Toucan, if any woman can!" "Ah, you remember mo well enough to know that F' " Test of course, I remember." He strove not to accept the suggested reminiscence with too ill a grace. "Iknow you can be Eafe and silent if you will." " And you're sure I will r'' "Don't play with me, Cleo!" His face ; darkeucd and a flnsh of deep and liardly 'hcld-in anger and impatience rose to his ; cheek. " I know a word of yours conld give ! the whole thing away," he added, command I ing himself by sheer force to a more concilia* toiy tone. 44 But you weren't the one, in old 'days, to play that game. And now—it's worth your while"—the words almost stuck in his throat. "Is it?" she questioned. 44 Yes,"he answered, shortly and sternly, 44 it is. Do you Tninlc I'm one to ask you to be in this without playing the game "fair— without making it worth your while ?" She flashed too, now. 44 And what's your price ? " she asked. "What's yours?" he asked, with a keen look. "There's time enough to talk of that : between old friends," she said, and a subtle, i insidious softness crept .uto her voice. 44 You j know well enough, if you haven't forgotten I those oldMays yon speak of, that you're in no danger from me. Am I likely to be your, enemy ? It's all those -years ago—bnt you I hadn't forgotten ine, and I hadn't forgotten I you. Can't two old friends meet and find ! something better to talk about than prices j and bargains ? It wasn't our way to waste [ much time on such business in those old days. You could trust me then—anddon'tyonknow that you can tra>t ine new ? " Hazard—as wo will call him still—stood stern and silent; it dawned upon him what manner of price it might be that Cleo would set upon her silence! Ho must not. dared not, tell lier it was one ho - could _no£_aad ■TO^rnrnTpay: Frankness and plain-speaking of the truth to her would be fatal to him. What woman would bear it and forgive? He must resist the impulse to trample roughly and ruthlessly upon her inclination to reminiscences of that past which she seemed bent on recalling, though his soul rose in revolt against the memory. She must uot dream how he loathes! the contemplation of the days towards which she dragged back his rclncfant. thoughts. He must hold himself in curb, stifle the words on his lips that might, would, give mortal offence, to her who conld ruin and destroy him. He must not ruddy rebuff her advances, but he ; could not force himself at this moment to co more than merely pass thorn by as if uncomprehending. This half-sullen unresponsiveness would not and did not seem so strange to her in liim, whose temper she had known so well of old. He endeavoured, not unsuccessfully, to turn the conversation from the past to the present state of things; regarding things insistently in a practical rather than in a sentimental oi reminiscent aspect. He led her to tell him exactly her position in the matter. 44 Why didn't you have him confide his whole story to you?" heteked. 44 You might have indulged then in pathetic reminiscences of the lute lamented! The descriptions of his escape and his experiences would have been interesting. His lack of marital confidence was uncomplimentary to you," be observed, with harsh and bitter, almost savage, mockery. 441 thought ignorance, all things con sidered, was a Setter—a safer line," she answered with n shade of significance. He shot a piercing, searching glance at her. 44 You think so still ?" 44 Yes, for the present; but I have an eye to possible future developments," she replied, meeting his look steadily. 44 Yon mean, you were contemplating hold ing that in reserve, as a mine to spriug on— them?" He conld not force his lips to say 44 on her," still less 44 on us !" 44 Well, I thought it well to have a trump card, on ace in hand!" . 44 Or up sleeve!" he rejoiued, with curling lip. 44 But you will not play it—now ?" 44 That depends on you," a curious smile playing, flickering about her lips. 44 You arc not changed a bit," he said after a pause, with a half smile that just curved his mouth but did cot rise to soften his gloomy eyes. 441 can't say as much to you," she "re torted. 44 The beard makes a great differ-, ence, and then yon're a good deal blacker and browner. Your hair u«ed to be quite a bright brown. Is the darkening all natural ?" she added with a sharp half-laughing look. 44 Even your eyes seem blacker—till one looks close into thczn !" with a daring glance into the eyes that indeed looked dark under the dark brows, though Geo knew, as well as Liliun did, that they were of a changeful hue that shaded between hazel and gray. - 441 thinlc I'd better he going now," he said presently. 441 must not stay loo long, you know; it wouldn't do to be supposed to J eietv too fascinating," ironicalir. j find your society 44 la the fair lady of a jealous turn?'1 she | rejoined mockingly. 44 We needn't talk of her," lie said shortly, J a sudden frown coming over his face. Goo's brow darkened too; a fiery gleam flickered) ominously m lier eyes. lie interpreted the danger signal aright. If hor lips had uttered I the word- : 44 Am I not good enough to talk of her then?" he could not have read her I meaning' moro clearly. "With an effort he controlled Lis impulse of wrath. "We've plenty else to talk about, haven't wo, and little time or opportunity?" lie added abruptly, striving to force a topo of regret, cot too successfully, "but we'll be seeing each other again soon, I daresay, and now we understand each other 1" He got away as soon as he could; be could not, would not, linger till Lilian returned, to meet ber under Cleo's eyes. Once safely outride the door, he fairly ground bis teeth with rage, and a look came over bis face that boded ill to the one who called it there. Something stirred now in the long cold and dead white ashes of what had at best been a mere flicker of passing passion; but that which crept living amongst the dead white dust this day was a lurid flicker ready to leap to red flame of hate 1 A liriDg lie as he was, carrying on every day and hour a cruel and unscrupulous fraud, he yet, with strange inconsistency, felt the bitterest resentment against the woman who forced him to play a part yet more false. For in his heart one thing at least was true; in that weed-choken field there blossomed one poor little flower of faith. ITust even that be trampled down? The one shrine he held sacred be profaned ? , Ho found it all smooth sailing when lie came again that evening to Suunyside. His; expressions of regret at having called too late i that afternoon, his explanations of his mis- J talco in tho hour, were unsuspiciously! accepted. He said openly tint he laid come| in for a few miautes and wen 3Irs. Freomrm,\ and the family had no idea how those few \ minutes had extended themselves. I Lilian's very innocence made him hate him-! self all the more for his successful subterfuge J and in his heart resent it the more deeply, and j unjustly, upon the woman through whom it1 was forced upon him, though, indeed by no! will of hers. She had not sought him ; she' had come to .Slayflrid ignorant of his presence I there. It was r.ofc her fault, only that an, evil destiny had thrown her across his path. ] 