The Downfall of England. i ? ? (how FRANCE INVADED BRITAIN, Destroyed Our Fleet, Captured London, and Partitioned the \ Empire. Naiiolean attempted the invasion of Eng- 1 land and failed. But that fact does not pre vent Frenchmen from elaborating ingeni ous plans by which 'the downfall of England may be accomplished. In a recent special number of 'Le Monde IllustTe' (previ ously mentioned in the 'Sunday Times') we are told how France and Russia will this year invade England, occupy London, and partition the Empire. The story is very plausible and circumstantial, and is illus trated by numerous photographs and illus trations. ? We give a short account of this curious phophecy of coming doom. THE SPARK IN THE POWDER BARREL. The preface of'this political cataclysm is laid at Kouck (Koushk), on the Afghanis tan frontier. Its date is July 16 — for the story is curcumstantial even to dates as well as to places, atmosphere, and the names of living men. Thus, on July 16, a band of Afghan bandits — 20 0 in number — fall upon the railroad at Kouck, slay the attrndants, and set fire to the rolling stock and station. The news arrives in Russia two days later. At the same moment the Ministry is informed that the Ameer, Abdur-Rahman, has been slain by his nep'hew, who has been elevated to the throne. It is known that the dead Ameer was about to sign a treaty granting Russia permission to extend the Trans- Caspian Railroad from Merv through Herat to Kan dahar, and as the assassin usurper has ap pointed a British agent his Premier, the influences are obvious. Instantly upon the arrival of the information, the Czar retires to his palace at Gatehina. General Dra gamirow and the Minister for War are sum moned. In Paris a fever of excitement seizes citizen and official alike. The Expo sition has been a disaster; the British are blamed. All the world looks toward Russia. WAR BEGUN. For six days the Czar is silent. Des patches show that troops are being hurried by both England and Russia to the Afghan frontier. M. de Montebello, the French Am bassador at St. Petersburg, is in conference with the Cziar at Gatehina. On the morning of July 24 the Czar moves. He transmits an order to General Sobeleff to move at once upon Herat. At the same instant Great Britain orders her Ambassador to leave Russia; on the follow ing day the Russian Ambassador leaves London. War has begun. The first corps of Russians leaves Kouck at once. It consists of 22,000 men and 48 pieces of cannon, and is composed of troops furnished by the Trans-Caspian provinces and by the military district of Turkestan. On July 28 it proceeds to attack Herat As saulted on two sides, the town makes but a brief resistance to the energetic assault of the Russians. FRANCE JOINS RUSSIA. With the announcement of hostilities, France arises in the night Prodigious en terprise appears everywhere, but particu larly at Toulon and other naval stations. In twelve hours the French have prepared their Mediterranean fleet for sea. Four transatlantic liners are in -the harbor em barking troops. At midnight, August 8, the fleet sails. Its objective is Alexandria and the Suez Canal. Admiral Fournier commands. His sealed orders, opened at sea, tell him that he is to meet the Russian fleet at Bizerta, and that the English squad ron must be led to expect that he is still at Toulon. But on arriving at Alexandria there is a surprise. The British flag no longer floats over the city. Instead, the banner of Egypt waves in the breeze. But all is explained. Lord Cromer has been assassinated, the Khedive has seized the three British batta lions, and Mourad B6y, the Minister of War, has seized the Suez Canal. In addi tion, the cable code of the British is in the Egyptians' possession, and for five days it answers London's demands with the assur ance that all is well. ADMIRAL FISHER'S BLUNDER. In the meanwhile the Mediterranean squadron of the British, under Admiral Fisher, is on its way to destroy the French fleet, supposed to be at Toulon. Moreover, the Sultan of Turkey, alarmed by the turn of affairs, has permitted the Russians in the Black Sea to pass through the Darda nelles to join the French. Menelik, Emperor of Abyssinia, accepting tho opportunity, advances along the upper Nile, seizing the British posts and occupy ing Fashoda. The French, and the Russians, joining fleets and forces, fortify the Suez Canal. On the 19 th an attack by Admiral Fournier upon Malta reduces it, and the fleets of Russia and France cover the sea. But, curiously, on the same day, Admiral Fisber opens fire on Toulon. The blockade of Toulon is also organised, and Sir Charles Beresford is despatched to bombard Marseilles, with the Anson, the Peerless, and the Isis, thus withdrawing a portion of Admiral Fisher's forces. On August 28, in the midst of this bombard ment of fortifications, the English fleet is suddenly and unexpectedly assailed by the combined forces of France and Russia. A dreadful sea fight ensues. For once — on paper — the English fleet is overwhelmed. Ship after ship is sunk. Sir John Fisher and Sir Charles BerSsford, with thousands of other officers and seamen, are slain, and one ship only — the Royal Sovereign^es capes the general destruction. Highly satis fied with the afternoon's work, the French and Russian fleets enter Toulon for casual repairs. KITCHENER DEFEATED AND CAPTURED. Upon the declaration of war England be gins invasion of France. Under Admiral Sir Harry Rawson, the Channel Fleet re duces Granville, whereupon the invaders land in Normandy. Lord Kitchener, hastily recalled from South Africa, is in charge of the land forces. Cherbourg is cut off from the remainder of France, but the French, with vivid mobility, arrange an army against 'the invader. A terrific conflict en sues; tho French, under General Donop, destroying all historical precedents by wip ing the British from the face of the earth. More than 3000 British are killed, Kitchener is a captive, one by one the Channel Islands fall, and England is sorely menaced. In the colonies disaster treads upon the heels of disaster. Great Britain's Colonial possessions are doomed. After a few minor victories over French holdings she is fur ther menaced by the march of the Russians. India is on fire again, the Sepoys reproduc ing the scenes of the mutiny of old. Dra- i gomiroff has arrived at Herat, prepared to J take full command of the operations. Every hand is aroused against the English flag. On August 7 her army approaches Gericheh, about ninety kilometres west of Kandaihar. Two days later the two forces hurl them selves ujion one another. INDIA REVOLTS. ROBERTS KILLED. Even here the prophet of what is to be enters into details. He even describes the system of the battle. Lekoff, he says, has an inspiration of genius. He launches his Cossacks upon the Anglo-Indian centre; and at the same instant every gun opens fire upon the enemy, while the infantry deploy to the wings. The Afghans, turning upon the hereditary enemy, do their worst. The Indian troops, seeing in the flight of the gun elephants a portent of disaster, turn and flee, while behind every rock and tree awaits an Afghan ready to cut and stab and shoot. Kandahar falls, Lord Roberts is killed, and India arises against the British, laying waste with fire and sword Delhi and Be nares. Three hundred million Hindoos re volt against their one- time conqueror, and men, women, and babes are tortured and slain. The English are effaced, says the Frenchman, in the same way that England sought to efface the Boers. THE FLEET WIPED OUT. At home the Channel is closed to the British. Already France and Russia threa ten. On September 7 the semaphore sta tion at 'the Lizard telegraphs ttyat a fleet is in sight. It is manoeuvring west of Scilly, with'Queenstown as its objective. Admiral Sir Harry Rawson is left, no doubt It is the combined fleets of Russia and France moving upon Albion. It has come yic torious from the Mediterranean, and to Strike a first blow by liberating Ireland. Queenstown, with all its defences stripped to add to the strength of the Channel fleet, is bound to fall unless the opposing fleet be stopped. Realising this, Admiral Rawson determines to oppose the invader at the Scilly Islands. But while he is off looking for the allied fleets they steal into the Channel, and when he returns are awaiting him. He is trapped. In vain he seeks to break the cordon. The French submarine torpedo boats, ris ing ghost-like from out the depths, launch their unseen torpedoes against the flanks of his battleships. One by one they lurch from the water, turn over with their shells battered in, and sink to the bottom of the sea. Thousands of seamen, mad with terror, leap into the waves. Of ail the glorious fleets of England not a ship is left She is doomed — mon Dieu ! Sir Harry Rawson, as a final detail, also blows out his brains. LONDON FALLS. But great is the resistance when the French land at Brighton. The first to land is Colonel Marchand— now a General in command of the French forces. Sad to say, the French avant-historian sees fit to slay him. He is shot in the head at Brighton, and dies upon the field of battle. In Dublin the republic is proclaimed. Queenstown turns out en masse to greet the Russian and French invasion. The picture shows the quays and foreshore crowded with thousands of shouting men, waving the Irish flag, entwined with those of Russia and France. The invasion passes onward. London falls at last. At the head of the victorious army General Jamont Fournier, elevated to the dignity of Ad miral of France, retires, with an exclama tion point after his name. On September 20 England falls, and the whole world groans and is glad. The treaty of London, signed on October 25, readjusts the map. Each country is re presented by its plenipotentiary — for Eng land, Lord Rosebery and Sir Henry Camp bell Bannerman ; for Russia, the Grand Duke Sergius and Count Mouravieff ; for France, M. Deschanel and Admiral Caillard. What happened is this : The colonies of England are divided among the Powers. Canada joins the United States ; Ireland, India, and, Australia set, up for themselves as republics. The death of Queen Victoria brings this prediction of England's doom to a fitting end. ? ? 