, NEW RIDDLES. When (Iocs the pine pine)' When the leaves leave. Why was the cal caught? Wecauso of its paws’ ])anse. When will Stevu stay in ? When he is with his (Tonic, Cronje. Why is the hand banned? Bccauso a noise annoys. Why is something something? Be cause it’s not naught. Should a woman woo man? If it suit her suitor. Why did the cook cook? To gel tho bacon baken. ’When is a. class "class”? When its elect are select. What woidd make a real reel? Wood would, with a, cotton on, alter tho tur ner turned her out of a bored board. Why did the Hag Hag? Because a Boer bore it, When does the cook cook? When she lets the stew stew. We also give the following verse of poetry which, although not a riddle, exhibits tho same play upon words as the above conundrums : — Our .pleasure boat had sprung a leak, Wo had no nails to nail her; In vain live tried to plug the hole, 2sor could the sailor sail her. With hats we baled the water out. To raise and lighter make her, But ali our labour went- for naught, Because a breaker brake her. Old Gentleman (to daughter): "Ami so you >hove promised to marry young Sampson?” Daughter: "Yes, papa, and tho day is set. and the minister selected, and wo are going to Europe.” Old Gentleman (timidly): “My dear, I have a great favour to ask of you.” Daughter: "What is it, papa?” Old Gentleman: ‘Tf I aiu not asking too much, would you mind sending me curds to the wedding?” Uncouth Young Alan: "Way I kiss you, Miss Jones?” Miss Jones j(indig nanntly): “AVhat do you mean, sir?” U.Y.M. (surprised): “Don’t you know what a kiss is yet? Well, you are the funniest) girl 1 ever saw. Good even ing-” ••Polhemus, you look like a ghost. Have you lnul a spell of sickness?” “Xo, Magruder, there’s nothing tho matter with mo dint my microscope.” ‘‘Your microscope? AVhat do you mean I ’ I was a happy man, Magruder, until my hist birthday. My wife made me a pre sent of a microscope, and m an evil hour I took it and began examining tho articles of food we eat and drink. Magruder, I’vo lived for two weeks on distilled water. It’s tho only thing that isn’t full of nameless horrors.” 