THIRTY YEARS IN !iSTAGE LAND." lUX'OLLFJTJONS OF AN AMATEUR. MY J. H. LJ No. X. AN liXl'I.ANATIOX. In glancing through my previous articles ] ilia reminded of many wcll-knoivii names and interesting events which 1 have unin tentionally omitted to mention. Still 1 have not attempted to write a history of the stage during the last thirty years, but have simply desjred to pen u lew chatty articles dealing with people and events as they re-, curred to me; and if some occurrences of* more importance or some names more re nowned than those here recorded should have escaped my memory, no slight is in tended. It may also be contended tliat the events recorded in the sketches are not chronologically correct. Lapse of memory again! But, as 1 hope to have tlie^plea sure 6f presoiiiting my articles to the public in a more compact form, I shall then have an opportunity of rectifying all little sins of omission and commission. This week 1 pro pose to deal with a few amateur jierformaii ces which I have not hitherto referred to, but which will perhaps recall -memories of an almost forgotten past. '.AS YOU LIKE IT." First in order of time let me mention a dramatic recital of "As. You Like If at the Adelaide Institute about the year 18G5. The performance was in aid of funds for & local Sh'akspeare memorial, and the ama teurs who essayed the parts were assisted by MiB8v"Joey" Gougenheim and Miss Alice Wiseman. The former lady had a benefit tendered to her in the old '"Vic" about that time by several of her amateur admirers, who produced "'Lady of Lyons" with the iJenefieiare as Pauline and a -well-known Adelaidean, whose name, has more than once appeared, in these articles, as Claude Mehiotte. The circumstances attending the casting of the piece afford the gentle man in question an opportunity of "spread ing himself" when, with a few old friends, he sits over a "butcher" at a well-known hostelry. To revert, however, to the "Aa You Like It" recital. As I read tlie "no tice" before me, which was discovered in an old scrapbook the other day by a friend and passed on to me, I observe very fami liar names:-llosaliml, Miss tioug«nlieim; Celm, Mrs. W. 11. Thomas; l'hoebe, Miss Alice Wiseman: Audrey, Mr. Fred Ayres; Uie Duke, 31r. K. J. i'cake; Duke 1'rede -^ -h-* rick, Mr. Of-. W. D. Beresford; Amiens?, Mr. F. 1<. Ayers; Jaques, .Mr. J. H. Clark; Le Beau, Mr. A. S. Clark; Oliver, Mr. O. D.' Cooper; Orlando, Mr. "3. Coulls; Adam, Mr, IS. J. Hodgkinson; Touchstone, Sir. Frank Kymill; Sylvius, Mr. C. Young: Corin, Mr. William'Kay; Charles, itr. W. Finniss; an<J William, Mr. J. C. Bray. The two profes sional ladies read their parts to the evident satisfaction of the audience and the critics; but of -the other characters only two or three acquitted themselves in a satisfactory manner - notably Mr. J. H. Clark, who .stood out prominently as Jaques, and Mr. ltymill, who was very good as Touchstone. ^ A TRIPLE rflLL. ' ' Next I must mention an amateur perfor mance given in the old Victoria Theatre on November 2, 1867, by the officers of H.M. 50th (Queen's Own) Regiment (a detachment! of-which was stationed here at the time) in honour of the visit df the Dukei of Edinburgh. The performance was in aia_ of the Protestant Orphan Homes, and consist ed of a triple bill-"Urgent Private Affairs," "Bombasrtes Furioso,"and that- rather broad farce, "The Double-bedded Room." -The male parts were taken by Captains Fj'ler and M. A. Clarke, and Messrs. W. L. Fleury, J. I). Taunton, and Owen Owen; while Messrs. W.' N. Considine, W. McCutcheon, and G. J. C-. Allardice played the female characters. Speaking of the performance which, -fey-tlie-way, was graced by the pre sence of the Prince and his suite, among whom, if I remember correctly, was the pre sent Earl of Kilraorey, of outer-harbour fame-"The Register" said:-"After mak ing allowance for circumstances, it. was a success; but the prowess of the officers in, the' field should not be gauged by their abili ties on the stage." According to the same critic, the prompter played no unimportant part in the performance. "THE HUNCHBACK." Oil July 1, 1869, Sheridan Kaiowles's "Hunchback" was performed in the Theatre Royal as the outcome of a meeting to con sider the position of the South Australian Jockey Club, whose finances were not in a fl'ou'risliiiig condition at the time. The committee - among whom ^ were such weilnremembered men as 15. M. Bagot, Gabriel Bennett,. W. Iv. Simms, and Edgar Chapman-met at the Globe Hotel; and Mr. Kbenezer Ward, who was prosaut by invi tation, tiiough not a member of the com mittee, undertook to arrange a dramatic performance in aid of the funds'. The "Hunchback" was the result. The cast wag as follows:-Master -Walter, lvbenezer Ward; Clifford, Edgar Chapman; Modus, Sam l;azar; Lord Tinsell, Hampton Glee son; Fathom, Harry Bennett; Julia' Miss Eloise Juno; and Helen, Miss Adelaide Stoneha.m. Tom Beliair was .Stage Maiiiager. The performance was a hug." financial suc cess, realizing over £'200, and had to be repeated a week latei\to afford many who had bought tickets, but who could not ob tain admission, am opportunity ot_ witnessing the ]>ei'forinanee. "Tire Register of the fol lowing' <lav remarked that "Montgomery in the height of his popularity rarely saw in Adelaide a more numerous or brilliant au dience than faced the footligjits on Thurs day night." One or two incidents in con nection with the performance are wm-ih re cording, and 1 am sMre the principal actors in tlie first- little episode will pardon my recalling it. Master Waller, on his first en trance with the words-"Give something to t!i=e dead!"-received a flbral-or, should I say vegetable?-offering from a couple of young bloods iu the gallery, who had pre viously purchased stall ticket-?, by which meiriM? tliev were enabled to hurriedly exit above and enter below and calmly listen to Tom Beliair offering £3 for their apprehen sion. Who were the culprits Well, I should, not like to say; but if that fiver were still on offer 1 believe 1 could earn it. An other interesting fact about the perlormanee was that the late W. K. Simms spoke a pro Irjirne, 'written for the occasion by .Mr. Ward, in which occurred these lines: - Let memory now the brilliant past retrace! Sre Melbourne cracks anil Sydney hemes nice In champion contest with our hemes <<">; Live o'er ag-aiii the jo.v thai fondly llew From heart to lip a«, almost in a troi, tircy C'owra-plucked the laurels from (lie l"t. Who would not hope to feci sueli joy ai;;:iii? Tlie turf its honour and prestige retain Ken our own colours glistening to the fore, Ami lacing flourish .as it did of yore? lire this can lie, one duty nuisi be done Our debt be paid for all we've lost and won; ]n that (rood cause our actors are arrayed. Ami modestly bespeak your generous aid. "l.ONDON" ASSt'liANCli." As a compliment .to the three profes sionals-Miss Juno, Miss Sloneham, and Tom Beliair-who had given their services in the above performance, "London As surance'' was shortly afterwards produced' by practically the same company. The cist was*.Sir Harcourt Courtly, lvbene/.cr Ward; Charles Courtly, Erljiar Chapman; Dazzle, Hampton Gleeson; Mix Harkuway, Torn Beliair; Dolly Spanker, Sam bazar; Meddle, Harry Bennett; Cool, Alfred Sinuus; Lady Gay, Miss Juno; Grace, Miss Adelaide Stoneham. The performance is remembered by old theatre- goers as a genuinely interesting one, and lauks with the best on the local amateur stage. "MONliV." Another interesting play which followed close upon the "Hunchback" production was "Money," -by the tS.A. Histrionic ISo c-ietv in aid of the .Sailors' Home. Look ing over the cast, one recognises some names which are not unknown in the lear ned professions to-day :--A. G. Downer, Evelyn; J. Payne, Sir -lolin Yesey: J. W. Downer, Graves; E. M. Meyer, Sir 1<\ Blunt; E. J. Hodgkinson, Lord Glossruore; J. Davis, Smooth; J. C. Bray, Stout; T. Evans, Sharp; Miss Juno, Clara; Mrs. Stonehnni, Lidy 1'ranklin; Miss Stoneham, Georgina. The dearth of lady amateurs in those, days is painfully apparent from the fact That iu all performances tlie ladies were professionals. However this may have strengthened the cast, 1 venture to think that the performances of later days, when I all the performers were amateurs, were considered more interesting. Sly expc I rienee has taught luc that mixed easts that is, with halfv professionals and haif amateurs-are not generally a success. The Histrionic Society were great rivals of the "Hunchback" company, who, playing to gether ou several occasions and hav ing a "local habitation," had no ? name, being simply "called" when a per formance was required. The late Sir John Bray was perhaps the best of- the Histrionics, being a veiy clever comedian. I remember his playing the part of Sinionides Swasihopper in a farce called "W ho's W 1)0 ' or, "All in a Fog," in White's Rooms; and 1 also recol lect that he was excruciatingly funny. If I remember rightly, Mr. J, W. Lewis, then Po- tmaster-General, was a member of the Histrionic Society, and played with'them cn more than one occasion. "SCHOOL." At a later date in the Academy of Music, in Rundle-street, I saw a clever perfor mance of Robertson's comedy "School" by a company of amateurs under the manage ment of Captain Haggard. By-the-way, how thoroughly human Robertson's come dies are! The language is always so natural -nothing higli-flown or stilted. Take "( uste," "Ours," "School," or any other of liia best plays; and all his characters are true to life aud his language is consistently enited to the person speaking. A story is told about a lady who was discussing the merits of Robertson's plays with Mrs. Ken dall (Miss lladge Robertson), and she ven tured the opinion that the dramas con tained a lot of nonsense. "Yes," remarked Wr.s" JieHiia]], "but WHAT nonsense!" The cast in the performance above referred to included,- beside^ Captain Haggard, who in bis time could,bold his own wirb.tlie best, Messrs. Brind. Frank Ayers, and A. Ji. Ayers, Miss Hardy, and others. Mr. W. .T. Holloway, who was playing here at the time, took the company in hand at tin; last rehearsal, and 110 doubt gave some useful hints. Speaking of "School"' reminds me that the comedy was produced in the Thea tre Royal, somewhat earlier than the date of above performance, by a company which included CJeorge Ireland, Fred Appleton, Hattie Shepparde, and Eleanor Carey; and what a charming quartet they made! Ire land and Appltton were in their prinie then, and were hard to.beat. Poor Hattie fjhepparde, who afterwards married Henry Iialiam, died 111 the very zenith of her power, as did" also that charming little lady, _ Violet Varle.v, at a later date. ? Eleanor "Carey played here with later companies. "FRA DIAVOLO" (UUJiLESQUE). Early in 1885 the Yorick Club made up their minds that they would earn enough money to put them in a sound financial po sition, or perish in the attempt. They just about managed to do the latter. Mr. (!enese, who will be remembered with a deal of affection (?) by all old members of the club, wa'S" the good angel who was to lead them on to fortune. But, alas! the most sanguine hopes are often doomed to remain unrealized, as ours were. One, or even two nights, were not sufficient for the accommodation of 'the .crowds of people who were expected to rush the theatre to see the gorgeously mounted burlesque of "Fra. Diavolo," which was the piece de resistance of the programme. No; we would run it for a week! And we did mostly to "paper" or empty benches. When 1-say "we" I mean the clut). As a matter of fact I was not in the cast, as the week's engagement was too strong for me; so 1 contented myself with acting as prompter. Herbert Woodhouse worked like a Trojan, not only as stage manager, but also in the part of Beppt^ The cast included F. P. Eaves, Leonard, Joe" Fur longe, Charlie Presgrave, Miss Bessie Royal. Miss Ada Grantleigh, Miss Freuden burg, and Mis. Furlonge. Two of these ladies were supposed to receive big salaries. Whether they did or not is another mat ter. I know that business was bad, and I have reason to believe that in most cases the "ghost" did not walk. One of the la dies, however, was too old a stager to lose her well- earned payment, and as a woman of great determination and courage she got her money. Oh, there were some ex citing episodes in connection with that noasoi/, and I was not sorry to 1)?, out of it. As the clnb collapsed shortly after tlji s performance it is reasonable to infer that either Mr. Genese or the club must have made a miscalculation. Something evidently went wrong. For months after, if you wished to gel \\\ ondhwe in a rage, you only ha., to refer to the "Fra Diavo'o" reason at (>nri>er'.-.\ and '"Woody"' was ready to don his warpaint forthwith, and set out in search of gore. 