At Random. [Bv AKHARD.) Tiie death of 1 rivuto Potei 1ms brought homo to us more than anything else tho grim reality of war. People liiitcti vaguely » !c'l.r, t.,ult m many hundreds liavo boon killed in this, that, or the other battle but It means little to thorn, Tho loss of ono of their own acquaintances strikes homo. Private 1'alaiwi was just tlio sort of young man a country like this can ill spare, Wagga has paid its first blood the'last ' W"r' W° "" '10p° w'" 1)0 Tilings don't seem to bo sorting tlicin solves out vary satisfactorily in China Certainly, it appears that tlio foreigners who wore massacred a month ago are doing as woll as can bo expected jnst now, though their diet is restricted to rieo and horse flesh, iliat, for people who liavo given nn the ghost, seems fanly substantial. Ami the tmperor who was so wickedly ,"T dcred by Pence Tuau, is at present en. ga&cd; in jMsumg edicts with us much rct-k toneS3 bb Oom Paul isma* hia panCr money, both being of much the same value! And the missionaries who were slaughtered arc munching rice and dead horse boK f mf h 011 Presently wo shall find 'Aku ttat'pr- W'^.a"y !'lUo lrouMo at " ' that Irmcc luan is a benign old goi'tleman, that, as for Li Hung 0 wng ro nevor was no sich person.® 8 Meanwhile, our old friend William the ras?..1;- -wit- r gfffi °Jl8,lt 10 ,lavo been ono of thoso' looac-liinbcd, long-haired Socialists, who twittering birds in tho Domain MkT i^ y if wor8t of ib a11 ia that ho takes himself seriously. He is capable' of anything but tnukint; n fake Tf i« i e linn that on one occasion ho got hold of "a funny idea. It troubled him. Ho wrestled with that joke until ho had worked it into shape. It took him about a fortnight to elaborate, during which time ho lost ilesh to such an alarming extent that tin court t£T l.h'was8?'ng /"to an early decline. Then tho great night arrived. It was a dinner, and pres-ntly tlio gciuln William, with an advance cough or two, a°f "r ,3.! J0'10' Its effect was peculiar. At first the company looked blank. Then ft general, imagining that William's story was a touching ono, eaid in " c|loky voiJ. ' How very pathctic." The others followed suit. Since then William has never tried any fancy business, intentionally at least. But William the Sudden as an ex ponent of Christian doetriuo is great. Go, ho aanl to his soldiers prior to their departure for China ; " Go, take no prison, ers, give no quarter, and so pavo tho wav for Christianity." The Mahominedan, It fancy, believes iliat ho who kills the great est number of unbelievers will be giveu the cosiest corner in Paradise.' But it was left to the gentleman of tho .Mailed Fiat, to SUIT gest that a similar precept was good enough for Christians. "Hell N paved with good intentions," says nn old provorb. His Mightiness of Gcrmauy evidently 1 hinks that the bodies of dead Chinamen will make tilting paving-stones for the edifice of Christianity. That is rather a wholesale method of converting pcopic. When tho old Saxon Kings hid been persuaded to re nounce paganism, thoy hail a pleasant little . way of making their subjects follow suit. Anyone who didn't promptly get bap tised was forthwith beheaded, just to en courage the others That system worked nrnn IS"! I °V'°" "10 SaX°«1 'lOVflr proposed to kill the men first anil convert . tliein afterwards. ; :j ' ; Chief Justice Stout, of N.Z.:, has ruidd that no man is drunk who is 'sober oiiouoh to call for more drink ' By drink ho meant stout, I presume. Tho Chief Justice ought to have gone further. Tilers are so many ?Iayfl u "g,for a dlink Ho'"e hang on to tho ba-, ami unsteadily wave a glass in tho air, while thoir logs describe figures of eight on the ilour. Any intelligent barman j understands what thoy want, and supplies , .m- 1 have known men who were ' uemg hauled to tho lock-up cry out lustily : fcJiay, oie boy, stop a mirmto, catitari auiarink. \0t next ilay a rithloss Jay lay hai fined them five shillings. Chiof Justice Stout is evidently bout on making himself popular. According to his de finition, drunks" will uo longer tiguro in tho police court reports. I notieo that a writer in n London p.-inor advocates tho strawhatas the best headgear for women. I venture to disagroe with him entirely. The straw hat has blighted I maw a romance in the bud, aown tho seeds of trouble at tho outset of muay a matrimonial venture. -Tako tho case oft a newly-marned1 couple sotting out on thoir honeymoon. Tho train lias started, and the proud husband gazes rapturously at his beloved. My ownest own," bo gurgles | 8leefully, my darlingest ducky, - aud . i goes to kiss her. Just then the traiii gives a lurch, and he finds himself imprinting a I thaste kiss upon the sharp, eduo of her iw!i f fwoars ; sho l'rics ! ""'I the nrst day of the honeymoon is spoilt, whilst tor weeks his lips are out of service, hung up for repairs. No, straw hats aro decidedly not tlio best tiling, at least for thoso who haven t joined tho rauks of the new women, r' , woro asked to recommoud a suitable lioadgcar, speaking purely impersonally, of j?",T' £ suggest a 'tam-o'-shanter. It (loesn t spoil by crumpling, and is nevor in the way. At least, that has been tho experience opsonic who ought to know. 'S a t0"?hi»S 1'ttlc advertisement, -,0"1 "? ''"S'18'! paper. The address is not given, because I fear there might be stampede of eligible men from Wagga, and that would bo a disaster.-" A weary little widow (2S), ambitious to pursuo a literary career in peace, will marry man (above 40), unencumbered, of highest breed '"togrity, with ample means and reparteo ; agents, trillors ignored. Address, v-f,Parat?' ot,c- My heart yearn i for that little widow. She wants but little hero below, just to bo ablo to pursue her literary career in peace, undisturbed by sordid cares or housekeeping worries. The "man"of course wouia attend to the latter. That's the privilege of being a man. If anything goes wrong, ,t% < Oh, tell .John, he'll sco to that. But why that widow wants a mini of ampto repartoo " I don't know. Ifoar she is unwise. Her previous matrimonial ex perience ought to have taught her that there s no need toadvertiso for a man of ample roparteo." She could get ono overv tune, without looking far If sho a'no ru joules m the samo gift, things will bo . lively for tho neighbors when the weary little widow settles down with her Vinan !; lout" ospeeialiy if ho suffers from 