ILLUSTRATED LO^lDOfl LETTER. \- HER MAJESTY AND THE ? EMERALD ISLE. WEARING OF THE SHAMROCK AND FORTHCOMING VISIT;. (From Our Special Correspondent.) LONDON, March 24. Within the past few days the Queen has become, dearer than ever to her loyal subjects on account of her thoughtfulness in arranging a tri-an-. gular surprise for them. First, her Majesty on three successive days last week drove through the streets of Lon don tandv was cheered as only English men can cheer; secondly, the fact that she not only has permitted but enjo tied the wearing, of the shamrock by sJl ranks in the Irish regiments on St Pst rickfs Day, March, 17; and last, cer tainly not least, ..her decision not 'to be abroad at this time,' but, instead, to visit: Ireland,, where her son, the Duke of Connaught, is commanding the army. The visit will take place next month, the Viceregal Lodge' (depicted in pur sketch) being the residence of the Queen during her stay. A year more than a half century has elapsed since her Majesty visited '.Ireland for the first time, and 39 years have sped since she paid her last visit. When, the Duke of York went there three years ago, he was most, hospitably re ceived. The forthcoming visitT-T-being. of a social and not of a political char acterr— is a genuine compliment, and cannot but awake enthusiasm in the breast of the most phlegmatic Hibern-\ ian. The Queen, it may be recalled, has never visited Ireland before in the .spring, her three previous visits to Dublin— in 1849, 1853 ? and 1S61— all having taken. place in August. It was on her last visit to Ireland in 1861, when her Majesty entered Kingston on August 21, that the Queen, who was ac companied ^by Prince . - Albert, ..the Prince of Wales, and 'the Duke of Edinburgh, first saw. .'. the ? Killarney Lakes. , '. '.-../ ' Situated .very prettily in th.e famous Phoenix Park, 'less than- half an hour from the metropolis, yet as completely sylvan in its surroundings as if it were # 50 miles distant - in -'the ; country, the.' Viceregal Lodge possesses all the char acteristics of a really charming home. The house itself 'lies on the right hand side of the central road of .the park as one approaches from Dublin. Tt was built in the middle of the 18th century. The Ranger of the Phoenx Park in ' 1757 was the Right Hon^- Nathaniel'. .Clements, and lie it was who built the elegant lodge for his private residence. Thirty years . elapsed, and 'the -.Govern-, ment purchased it ? for the- use of the Lords-/Lieutenants of Ireland. From time to time it has : been much enlarged and beautified, whilst the grounds im mediately surrounding the .-house,, . and separated; from the public portion of the park by a wide, sunk fence, has been laid out in gardens, and planted with considerable taste. The windows in the south facade command a most pic turesque vista of Phoenix Park, . whilst against the horizon the blue line of the JDublin and Wick'low hills may be seen stretching away south-east to the con fines of the county Wlicklpw. ? ' (The chief entrance to the lodge' is from the north side. The drawing-room is ex 'ceptionaiiy spacious / and chaste with white and gold coloring. The Vice regal ^Ld4ge' must not be confounded with Dublin .Castle, an older arid more baronial-looking pile in Castle- street, right in Dublin city, and is associated i more closely with the high ceremonial functions of the Viceroy of Ireland.' Here he holds his: 'drawing- Tooms' with all the ceremony . of. a Coxxrt, in the Throne Room. It is one of the cus toms of these functions* that each de butante, on being presented to his. Ex- cellency,, receives a kiss on the cheek from the representative. of her Majesty It was from a window, of the Viceregal Lodge that Lord Spencer, one day in May; 1882,? saw a slight struggle in the roadway through the park. ? Tt was not until an hour or so later that he knew he had been a witness of one of the tragedies of Irish history — the as sassination of Mr Burke and. Lord Fre derick CavendishV ' .Happier days'.have ?now come-ito the- country. The new Army Order ' regarding the wearing of the ''green, immortal sham rock15 is a truely happy thought on the. part of Her ilajesty, .and cannot but do much towards erasing the bitter ' memories of 179S.: the shamrock is the' trefoil. Whilst: the Druids. used it to cure diseases^ the Irish use ,it as a national emblem.. Brand tells us in his'Pppular Antiquities'that when St Patrick landed near, :Wicklow, to,, con vert the Irish in 443 the pagan inhabi tants iveje ready to stone -him. - Be begged to. be heard, and endeavored to explain the Deity to; them as the Tiihf; ity, in Unity. ?; They failed to xmderr. stand his teaching until, plucking a t?e-. foil: from the ground'.. jie said,' l.fls it. not as, possible; for the 'Father, Son, and Holy Ghost as for these leaves to grow unon. a sincrle stalk?' iThen the Irish were, immediately convinced. An old writer . says that the 'Christian Ivish hold .the seamroy (shamrock) sacred be cause, of thjeQ leaves united in one stalk.' The 'seamroy' is alluded )o in an Irish-English dictionary as ?tr]p- ver, trefoil, worn, by Irishmen in their hats, by way of a cross, on St., Patrick's pay, in memory of the gVeat saant.' Spenser, in, his view 'of the st?.te of Ir-eland in 1596, speaking of 'those h:te warres of Mounster,' says the people were so reduced that, 'if they found a plot of water-cresses or shamrocks, there they docked as to, a .feast -for; the time.' 'It is also interesting to note that the Welsh also lay claim to St. Patrick, and that the Welsh .Fusiliers are required to wear the leek 'on St. Dayid's Day, March 1, for '1 puse' and 'tattoo;' that it has been the custom sinqe. 1675 for all members, of the Nor thumberland Fusiliers in parading on St. Georges Day, April 23, to wear a red and white rosein their busbies, and that in the 1 8th '? Royal Irish Regiment tbe.'shamrbck is interwoven in the. colbrs and the decoraticms;of the uniform. . . We also give portraits of the Earl and Lady Cadogan. ! The , Earl has. been the' 'Viceroy'.., or Lpfd-L'ieutenarit of Ireland since July 8, 1895. ; He is the fifth Earl, and was born m 1846, succeeding his, father in 1873.' ? The first Baron was ,a general, officer under. Marlborqugh, arid the present . Earl is a grand-nephew of the first Duke 'of. Wellingtcn, Since 1886 .Earl Cardo ga n has b e'en an h 0 n o^rary col on el ; of the City of London Regiment, and he is also hereditary trustee of the British Museum. In: -,1873 he was M.P. .-fcr Bath, in 1875. became Parliamentary. Secretary for War, , from 1.878 to i.8So; was Under-Secretary, for the Colonies, arid officiated as Lord Privy Sealfrorii 1886 /to. 1892. . In 1865, i.he married. Lady Beatrice, fourth daughter of the second Earl; of' Craven. Earl .Gardq gan's heir is Viscount Che.ls§a,the Con serva'avevM.p. for : Bury : Stv.Ecimunds.; Earl and Countess Cadogan. /,. 