' TIIE CHINAMAN AS HE IS,'. ("LLOYD'S '.'.WEEKLY. jotin Thinaman is neither quite the rogue represented in Bret" Harte's poem, The Heathen Chinee, nor altogether 'the simple ton pictured in Lamb's immortal "Disserta tion on Roast Pig." ' He is the world's donkey. He can -be led; he will riot be driven. As in the case of Gordon, he will, after pro ring him,- honor a great man, what ever his nationality. But to Western ideas John's life is devoted 'to fraud. He be lieves, -and always has believed, that'h'e .sees with "two- eyes, and that the "foreign devil" sees with only one. We wear black for mourning- or for our boots; he uses white, pe care for the living, he cares for. tlie i a i , i -k'tn 'tlie place of honor is on t-he. left hand. He doffs his hat as a sign of disrespect. His l-oses have no fragrance. Xiis women folk wear.no petticoats and do no shopping. If he'is happy enough to es cape trom the poverty and drudgery which form the rule of life in the Flowery Land, bis .table is the -measure of his riches. His legal code is formed on the supposition thiu; fraud is universal. Trial 'by 'c-his code is synonymous with torture. Ifc is not novel to find a governor nvlio has been exiled for his misdeeds recalled and promoted because tas successor has -eclipsed him in rascality. From those near 'the tin-one to those iu. -the 'hovel the practice is to give bribes to all above and to exact them from those below. Lovernmen'C goods are sometimes a year in transit, tlie officials in charge being more anxious -to levy fees for allegetr obstruction than to, expedite the Imperial business. And yrit during the time 'the iOast India Company traded with China there was no record of money being lost 'through the fraud or fail- ure of a native merchant, though large sums had 'to -be -handed to, Chi milium for -the pur chase of tea in the interior of tho country, where 'the foreigner was not permitted to go. John's, simplicity is exemplified iri tho faot that during 'the China-Japan war he put up umbrellas 'to protect him from the enemy's shells. One writer, describing 'tlie capture of Amoy by the British in 1841, says the officials prepared a battery of 200 guns along tiie shore. Sailing vessels would have had to run -tlie gantlet of their fire. Admiral Parker, however, had his sailing vesscfe towed up to the tqwn at a shfe distance. The -town was token with 'tiie loss of one man, whilst -the natives lost 50. The Chinese general declared such practices were without precedent. AA'iien Sir Henry Gough landed .v mountain battery, and from a neighboring Ml! attacked the Chinese gun ners from the rear, the officials, wlio had never dreamt of guns being fired down a hill, sent off hurried despatches informing the Etrineror of the 'treacherous impro priety of the '(barbarians." .... A Chinese woman is expected when young 'to obey her father and her eldest brother; when married, her husband; when a widow, per oldest son. -She gives no orders. -There is a Chinese proverb which says, "Women and children -arc clothes" — :o be toad when wanted, to be cast off as desired. But in the language, itlie symbol for "resit" nnd quiet is that for "woman under the 'do mestic roof." 'Married sons are- compelled to live under their parents' roofs, where 'their wives are subject to the rule of a mother-in-law or of an elder sister-in-law. With his poverty -may toe compared John Chinaman's callous view of ithe value of human life., Thisycallousncs's seems 'to be even more contemptuous 'than that met with in India. And yet the Chinese dread the name of death. When one has died lie has been ."killed." In Fuhkien, which in some _ respects is 'the most promising part of China, to mention death 'to a native is to render him an insult, especially a't the open ing of the year. Tho dreaded word is evaded wherever possible. John is much of a devil worshipper. What ,is called the "worship of ancestors" is a complicated system for laying the spirits of 'the. departed. .. Jt is the common belief 'thalt -if the ghosts are not worshipped and fed they wreak vengeance on the living. The worship being -the province of the son facili tates divorce and polygamy, but is not wi-tli- qutertain redeeming features. . It has been computed" 'that the public "worship of an cestors" coats -the empire £6,000.000 per'an- num, and 'the private worship £24,000,000. In Chinese societj- the scholar is regarded as next to tlie Emperor; then comes the far mer. and after 'him, the mechanic, and the trader. - The amusement or decorative ca terer comes last in the scale, in accordance with tlie saying that "the -man wlio pays highly for a song will not give much, for virtue." Scholarship, -however, is scarcely such as we should designate by that name. But Chinese, literature is not destitute of fancj-. For instance 'there is an old Chinese romance of which Voltaire .made use, and which has many renderings but one moral. A doctor of Reason,' meditating among tho tombs, observed a young widow -fanning one of -them. Seeing her in tears the philosopher asked the cause. She replied, "You see a widow n't the tomb of her husband. He was most dear to me. He loved me with ten derness. Afflicted with the idea of parting, bis last words were. 'My dearest wife, should you ever think of 'marrying again. I conjure you to wait .t least until the plaster of my tomb be entirely dry.' Now." said she., "as the avails are still damp, I thought I would help them -to get dry.'-' The philo sopher told his adventure to his young and beautiful wife, who declared that should he die before her she would never marry again. The philosopher, puts her to the terit by shamming death, and finds her constancy no greater rhan that of 'the woman ho had met amongst 'the 'tombs. She. being dis covered, commits suicide, and lie resolves never to 'take 'another wife. 