Our Special far Correspondence. A Trip to Ladysmith. THE GRAVES OF THE BRAVE : HOW WE CROSSED THE TUGELA. & A GLIMPSE OF DR JIM. tf HOW LADYSMITH LOOKS : THE GRAVE YARD. BY ARRAH LUEN. To-day wo present/ our reiders with another let tor from onr lady correspondent, ' Arrah Luon ' (Mins Agues Mivoready). Hero is her pabhctbio pioturo of tho horrors of war : — We had been working at high pressure for months at Pietermaritxsburg. Hero in Escourb things were quieter. Might we two Sisters as a great favour take a clay off and visit Ladysmith before the signs and symbols of a soiqo were obliborated 1 ?' Yes,' the major said, ' wp might,' only he had rlfinhf.a flu t.n mil* (iKMihtr in nai: Kopnnfi Oolenso, for only civilians who could give sound reasons for rdturning to Lidysmibh ?vv^rn allowed passes. But wo had profound ?f:\ith in the Rod Orons badge and one of us had a cousin in the Gordon Highlanders and the G irdom were stationed in Ladysmith — and the cousin might want a nurse. Thero were oartainly reasons why we should bo allowed to got across tho Tugola Rivor. Tho line to Ladysmith is a single one. Much time was lost in waiting at sidings. We waited for an hour at Pioters, for an hour and a half at Oolonao, where the railway line of oommuniovtiou 1b broken down owing to tho dosl ruction of the wearisome. A ' i,'»nbleunn in khaki,' a I'Thorneyorofb/'wh') was famllinr wlbhovory inch of the country oinoo boyhood, set us right when wo mado mistakes as to theposi tion of Lombard's Kop and Umbulwani ; for Umbulwani, po intimately associated with 'Long Tom,' prosontod different aspects from difToronb points of view. It was a new and rare experience, riding on tho rooent battlefield, skirting tho hills, upon which tho mmuorablo unvoti days' fighting from ?dawn to dusk had tnkon place. And what a, country ! One wonders no longer why the siege of Lndysmith 'asborl for months j one ?wondersonly thatLadysmith was notrolipved before yoni's had waxod and wanod. Tier after tier of hills, rising in rapid euoo'ission, incirimsing iu'hoight, incrouMng in roughness, until they link thomsolvcm togf'bluir, and forming a olrolo, frown down on a lib* In in 'Sig'iifloanb country town lying iu a hollow — a Tittle country town nob unlfico ouo of our small towns, with its Town Hall, Us library, its oqual numbpr of ohurchoaand hotels, aiid its straggling iniiin sbreob. # ? ? While wo waitod ab sidlngfl for tho Hod Cross train to pass, tho oooup.vnta of tho carriage discuaaod the war, tho end (ap. ' parontly so near^ and tho ftUuru, Gob roady, all yo good Australians who want to nmko your fortunos, for according to general dp nion, Afriaa, tho Afrioa of tho future, Is ? to In a verltablo Land of Oanaan, a new Oinaan flowing with milk and honey— whon tho war is over. At Ploters Station, whoro hard by stands Piotoi's' Hill, Btrown with ammunition, whose tronohos oarry tho burdon of rl/md Boors, scaroe hiddon by tho soil, tho young 'Thornoyoroft' gavo m his roapons for wearing khaki, ' I have boon amongqh (ho Dutoh. all my Hfo,' ho said. ' Oikm t l«ub a Boor neighbour my Scotch cart. A b Iho ond of six wooks that ctirb was not ret u 'nod bt I wont to boo about it, and all I ?u mid got out of tho Boar was, that 'tlio cl.wuuod cart wai tint worth tho (rouble of returning.' That's tlio kind of man lie was, And as soon »m tho war started that same Boor oamo down and lootod my ?unolo's ftvrm, throw tho flowerpots of) bho verandah, and smashed tho orookory, Ho , treated my uiuilu disgraceful, and thorns my roaaons for taking up arms, Miss,' This young colonial had no glorified vision of Mm spread of the British Empfro. A Boor hud trontod him badly, and ho was hitting baok, that wan all, Looking at tho hill opposite aotikod with tho blood of Britishers and Dutoh ouo fools that |.|i(£rott«nii for taking up arniB w«n poor arid moan, Yot many of tho roasons given here in South Africa for l;ho urgent need of war between thn two white races fail to roach a higher level. * ? * Past Frere and Ohievily, over the bafctlofiold of Oolonso, wo steamed slowly, leaving bo hind signs of war everywhere, until we passed within a few yards of Tugela. Along tho roubo lay scattered graves, often closo to tho railway lines. There a grave in solitary state, hero a group of three, here a long, long gravo whore so many of the Irish Brigade are buried together. At the head of most stands tho deal cross, and in 6omo cas-s there isan attompt ab decoration. A loving comrade has pioked out a name in empty cartridge cases, or formed a little oairn of stones. On one an empty canteen tin is filled with faded loaves, a piece of barbod wire surrounds another, and resting as simply, as sadly, as lonely, as any of tho poor Tommies who fell on the same day, lies tho only Bon of England's most beloved General. The road to Kalgoorlie iu West Australia is said by someone to bo marked by empty whisky bottles. Hero one migh't tnobioo that an army has left tracks in the form of O'npby tins. Tins innumerable, meat tins, biscuit tins, are scattered in pro fusion on the sidos of tho hills, and shining like pieoes of silver reflect tho light of tho now rapidly sotting sun. Aa wo went in and out amongst the hills, wo sweep ab timos closo to bho Tugola. and hero the tins confront us again, forming an edge to the rivor or pilod into picturesque mounds. Years honce tho memory of a battlofield will bo associated in my mind with this feature of tho hilly country around Ladysmibh, for, as oaoh Boor .position was taken, and each camp moved further on, tho empty tins wore loft behind with tho soatterod grasB to toll bho sbory of 'days of hard fighting' to tourists from the other side of bho world. * * * Ab Oolonso tho dusk had crept in ; but tho light was yeb. strong enough to permit bho pale face of Dr, Jim being soon as ho was carried past our oarriago to boord tho ambulance train, the first stop of the journoy , to (Japotown whore he hopes bo recruit after a severe attack of enteric fever, As Dr. Jim has escaped falling a victim to tho dlsoaso now desolating South Africa, tho probability is that thoro u ia a future ' for him yob, just as there is a possible big futuro for his frinnd Oooil Rhodes, who has not, as was predicted, been laid low by a Mausor bullet long ago. ♦ ♦ * We crossed tho Tugola in darkness, grasp ing firmly tho ropo of bho temporary bridge; whilo nuiBBOR of shattorod masonry loomed up at our side. Wo could not) see bho Tugela, bub wo oould hear the whirl and ?rush of its watora, and it did not add to our ponoo of mind to hoar bhab a Dublin Fusiloer had boon drowned bhoro a few hours before. In dftrknoBS wo entorod the train on tho other side, and In darkness (thoro woro no lamps) wo ornpt slowly on towards Lady smith, Wo 1'M.oncd attentively to young 'ThornoyaroftV descriptions of tho various points of intoroeb,' and Baw with ' bho oyo of faith' Cirnblor'B Kloof, Splon Kop, and that awful hill whoro a Boor family, father, mother, sons and daughters died toRothor, and woro buHod In ono gravo, for rain was falling sl,«ftdily, and tho dnrknosM could al most bo felt, In tho oornor of fcho cut'ringo an cxllod baker, roburning to LadyHmiUi, mado much mourn ovor tho possible sbato of his ovons. for a shell, ho hoard, hud pasnerl through hl-i hntiHo, Ono mini kupb nilunoo all the way. He was going to boo his only son at tho point of death iu Intombi Sprul't Gump, and for him South Afrioa and tho British Empire had no intorost now, * * « LadysmUh was reached at last, at an hour whon, under inarMul law, nil good puoplo are supposed to be inside their own houses, The exiled baker kindly offered to make in quiriod about accommodation. In his absence wo waited in tho pelting rain and tried to realise that wo wero I'oally in LndyRtnibh, upon which the gazo of the world had been fixed for months past, the Ladysmith of future South African history. Alas ! tho ruin had washod away tho spell, and wo could only realise that wo were standing on tho poor station of a little up-country (own, Presently tho kindly biker returned with information. Ono hotel had boon Bhelled and was closed for ropairs, tho second had no room, and tho third was only ro-oponoil that day, but tho proprietor was willing to do his boat under the circumstances. Tho propriotor was kind. He had juat returned that day to find thnt tho two men left in charge of tho hotel had been carried off with enteric, and thingi wero upside down, but we wero welcome, heartily wel come. The supper sorvod wan not a siego suppor, but it wan second cousin to one. It comprised tinued houlli buef, sardines, hard biscuits and a hard loaf, placod on tho table as a luxury, for provisions had not as yet (owing to tho dillieulty of transit) flowed in fruoly to Ladysmith. A siogo guppor would have boon composed of a mealy moal pudding and a bit of horae-flosh steak. But tho fcablL-clolh wasdooidodlyasioge tablecloth. Its old-time stains, its folds, its draggled corners told a story. Over siogo broaktitsts and siogo dinners, imhii and women had talked together, wondered and surmised roasons for tho long dolay iu bho daily ex pected roliof. Then as tho weeks slowly passed by thoy had grown careless, upset tho mustard and spilt tho chevril, and leant shrivellod arms on the table, whilo they asked each other in doapair if the world had foigotten them, was Liulysmith to re mam iu a state of sioge forever and for ever. And oven thoii some were on bho point of flitting from this earth, some did 11 it, and only the tablecloth, which boro the siogo breakfasts and sioge dinners, remained to toll its tale to two straugers a fortnight after Ladysmith was relieved. Tho dust of tho sioge lay, on the sideboard, on bho chairs piled in a corner, on tho mirror, into which only gaunt, haggard faces had peered for so long. On a table apart stood a big shell, which had alighted in the yard of tho hotel, bub had failed bo explode. Now (tho charge had boon withdrawn), with bho dato of its delivery from bhe Long Tom on bho hill ini prinbod in gold letters on its Bide, it was about to be handed down to another genera tion as a memento of a memorable sioge. Tho rain beat heavily against the windows. We wore weary and hungry, bub bhe sup per of boulli beef and sardines was Babisfy ing, and tho bed (evon if dust lay thick on tho counterpano) welcome. Ib may have boon that wo had soen Dr. Jim in the flush at Oolenso, or ib may have been that hid portrait smiled above the mantlepiece, bub ono of us droamod a dream, and in that dream Dr. Jim, arm in arm with Oeoil Rhodes, Bfcood on tho quay at Capo town and waved a handkerchief lovingly in token of farowoll to Oronjo as ho was borne out to sea on his way to St. Hrilbna, * * * In bho grey dawn wo awoke and pro sonbly atoppod out into the main stroet of Ladysmith. Umbulwana looked inoffousivo enough in the clear morning light, and tho convent, set on a hill overlooking M10 town, whoro General Bullor is now quartered, Bpoko only of peace. Bub bho shells have dono bhoir work. Tho bower of bho Town Hall shows a groat gap. Tho dorks' room is still filled with masses of fitono and mortar. Strange it is to pick up from amongst tho debris a Ladymnith almanac for 18IJ8 open ab ono of 1(Old Morris's' propheolos for 1000, wherein ho prodiots a 'big gathering of battleships iu Delagoa Bay.' Houses barricaded, homos ampby wait ing to bo swopt and garnished survey ouch otlior on either side of tho strobb. Thoro is a probty ootbugo covered with ivy and honoysuoklo, and close ijoBido it in tlio garden a M dug out' llko an immoiiso bur row raiaos ittolFominously. Hero fathers, mothers, and children took rofugo whon tho nholls spod noroamlng overhead. A stoi'd koepor bakos down trio shuttors from tho window i his stock of goods Is limited but ho displays proudly tho fragmonts of tho shall which clashed through tho side wall, yob failed to injuro /itighb bub bho cottnbor, Tho shells oortalnly luivo shown no par tiality ; thoy have troatod tho homo of bho poor man and tho rich nmn alike, Thoro is a hole in tho porch of bho Church of lOngland, and a Hhaklug butbruHS Iu tno Wosloyau ohupol. Tho old Diiloli church has boon used as 11 hospital, bub is now ompty, Tho smoll of ioclotorm still clings to iho atman phoro, and a bottlo of ourboUo lotion Hosts on M10 stairs of tho pulpit, whoro an ancient Dutoh Blblo with loabliorn clasps, printed in A mstordam in KS52, yob kuops (ba pliioe, From tho hV lonf wo loam that A. lJn;b-riouo and I1. 0. Oronjo onoo hold offluo hero m EUhiva, In bho llghb of to-daj how fur, fiiV oft' that/ ijtilot tlmo of pcuco appears I Ah thu dny broarlons ghosts of nion haunt tho Hti'i'otH, and ghoHtu of wotnon poop out of doors and windows, Thoy hnvo asbt'iin^o look thouo pooplo of tho slogo, with their Htiiikau oyoH :tnd pinched mouths nful oiuii ciated hands, for bhey have waited so long-, and many weeks come and go before bhab expression of anxious questioning dies off their faces. Towards tho south to Durban their poor eyeB aro turned, where salt* breezes blow and frosh fruit and green vogo lables can be had fora pioco of silver; so every day a train carries away a certain number glad to take loavo for a while of Liidysmitft where enteric fover riots trium phantly. The Boer trenches on Unibulwana aro cleared at last, and in tho English trenches . near by Tommy Atkins no longor soaks in tho pelting Smith African rain, no longer fri'///.los, beneath bho burning sun, for Lady smibh is ro'ievtd. Even tho misory of 11 siege can bo burned into tho channol of gold. An old man, ono of tho busiegnl, baa mado ft choice collection of various fomis of am munition used during thu four eventful months. For a Long Tom shall formed into ft lamp ho asks i'/i and gots it, whilo ho looks forward hopefully to iho l-imo when a null of tourists sut.s in to thu African battle fields nnd tho ,!!.'- shell will bo wotlh £10, iind tho poisoned built t. :C15. van Out on tho flat, tho whito touts cf Intombi Spruit Hospital gleam in tho sunlight. Noar tho hospibiil thero is a gravo yard, a vtry big gravo yard, whoro tho victiuid uf tho bk'go, and alas ! bhoy wero so many, lie ab ' rest, And snmohow whon wo sot our faeos towards I'iscoutt, wo carry away with us as a lasting impression of Ladysmith, -nob tho Bimken-oyed, pinched facoH, nor tho wrooked homes, bub bho awful gravo jard, tho Insb camp of hundreds cut. olf in thoir primo by bho dread diseases which follow in tho wake of an army. And when tho hills agnin close round Ladysmith, and wo seo no longor the great) ? gap in th« tower of tho Town Hall, wo think sorrowfully of ono who described so vividly for admiring readers that web day in La ysniith whon tho blinding rains veiled Urnbulwana and Heepmokaar-road, and Tommy Atkins shivered in the trenches, and bho Kaflirs ran yelling down tho stroeb whilo tho shells scroamed and whizzed ovpr hoad, for G. Stevens may nob bo numi'urud with those who .have seen bho relief of Lady smibh an accomplished fact. AllltAll LUKN. 