flartyrdom of Marion. CHAPTER XXIX.—Continued. Five miuuftgs passed, and then Qatth y Lyle rose and fact d his companion. 'Twill fight you,' he said, in a calm voice, though his eyes &houe; with exciteluent, -if it is understood between ua . •ha whichevor of us loses gives up all pretensions to iV! iss Ferr^i' | ' That s un lerstood!' Jjm replied firmly. ' Shiike hands upon it! Tl.e/ clasped hands, and Hartley-Jjyle continued gravely • We wiustn t .fight hei*e—eho migh' come out and interrupt us. on for a bit." Let us get j • I In .perfect silence they tramped ove r the grass for a couple of miles in t.he direction of Murd"ck s homestead, Firefly following, and then Lyle paused ' ' This placf will ^o ' be baid; and. without un instant's pause, he proceeded . to divest himself of his coat aud neckerchief and> to strap more tightly the belt round hi» waist,'Jim Murdock fol.owing his example without a .word They certainly looked a very unequal pni'r when their preparations wwe complete hartley Ly e was a tr fli a'ler, but in every other respect Murdock'u advantage was overwhelming. Tie only thiugin L;lc's favor was the f.ct that Murdock was altogether ignorant that the younger nian'a skill in boxing ^aa great. At school to the age of eighteen Lyle had been the champion boxer, and it was was this recollection ttjat induced him to risk tb& eocbuuter with the jtm^oulat broad-ghosted Jitn Mnrdop^. He Ji^Ted Jm* A. in the other's rough notion of honor, : .and it seemed .to theynung fellow that his arm must be strengthened in the defence of his dear-, lady. . For his own love he bad no hope whatey er • ^ut,. .if he could only ensure her freedom from this^tnau's persecutions, he Would . be as happ \ as it was possible for him to be in: this world. - Poor Hartley Lyle —he could not help his spirits rising and his heart dancing in his breast When at "the end of two minutes h» saw the buriy Jim Murdock go down with a tremendous thud under a well planted' blow and measure his length upon the ;gieens\i^ird ; b»t ~ his exultation wiis-' • of^fB^^i^rigt/^ration. Viter-'.l the! -mumemary mast he demon in his.adversary, who before had put no Strength into his strokes, »ud hardly had they v up for the second time when an awful b in the chest sent the unfortunate , young man reeling, backwards for a couple of yards. For a moment he. stood quivering from head to foot, gasping heavily, and then, with a stifled cry, be sank: in a heap upon the ground, the blood gushing from his mouth in a srimson stie iU). With a yell of horror, Jim Murdock rusbed to him aud liftpd hiin against his ^noe. . • Grood Heavens, Lyle;* he cried," his eyes dilated with terror, ' what has happ ined to you ? Ididnt hitjou on the mouth, did IP- Hartley Lyle shook his head feebly; he conld riot sp afe while .the" blood coutinued to^phrt from his white lips. In a few minutes ' however the ghastiy stream ceased to flow, aud then he managed to swallow aiittle of tbe spirit which James Murdock'-held to his lips in the cup of his fla-k. ; 'I ha^ broken a blood-vessel,' be gasped, ;after a further pause.- •.;: • The doctor washed me I might do so i' koverexerted myself.' ' Good;Heavens why didn't you say so # man "Jim moaned. I wouldn't have p f r^Tjk'you for the world if I had knows; l'ai n)»jtf such a brute as that!' You're not, to blame, MurdccV Lyle painted—' you fought, quite fair ;> but nly time's come! '•'• ; 4 Oh, my lad, don't lose heart! It's so bad as that!' Murdock faltered. • jere—let me rub a.drop of this whisky " on your temple. You're faint from loss of blood; Out-youM l^be better in a minute.- Tou lie fctill now, and let me prop your head up with m> coat while I whistle to Firefly ; she s wandered -off.' „ In response to his master's summons, the obedient beast i rotted up immtd'ately and then James Murdock bent ouci m re over his faintipg companion. 'Do you th<nk you could eit on Firefly if I helped you up ?' he inquired anxiously. 'I'd lead him arid walk him very gently, and we are not more than a couple of miles from your {.lace.' Struggling into a sitting attitude, Hartley Lyle placed his thin wasted fingers on Murdock's bare arm and pressed it, while he gazed with his wan eyes imploringly at him. ' Murdock,'he panted, ' you will grant me a favour ? it's the last one I Bhall ever ask of you, except,' he continued, with a painful break in his hollow voice— ' ejccept to be gentle and considerate in your treatment of her, I can do no-naorp herself for her want of confidence in her protector. Hartley Lyle inj bufe little wisdom, as a rule, poor felltfw, but in the matter of James Murdock Marion admit ted gratefully that he had shown an amouat of tsct that could not be over- •etima'ed; and in this case it was not .likely that hb would have left her bad he not felt certain that she wais safe from Murdock's impdHunities—at §tny rate for that day. Sut when her father returned in a particularly savage humour to dinner and •6ould tell her nothing of Lyle, except that he had never hi ought the farming implement he had been sent, to fetch, Mnrion began" to grow seriously uneasy. It w e twelve o'clock, and more fian four houi tj nad elapsed since she heard the two men's angry voices die away in the distance. Ferrol saw her alarm, and, questioning her roughly, drew from her a reluctant account of James .Murdock's yisit aud the tubsequen^ quarrel with Hartley Lyle. Marion did not expect sympathy from her father, but, since the awful night of her arrival, ahe had not no -n his face so disfigured by passion as it wao when she •explained the circumstances in which James Murdock had left the cottage. Zt seemed to the frightened giar. that it was only by the greatest effort that he refr. in d from striking her, as he thundered ouc> iiis oaths and reproached—firdt, for annoying and tantalising Murdock; and, aecordly. for sending Hartley Lyle upon her' fool s errands when he was wanted •els.wbe'e. 4 1 sent him nowhere!' the girl cried, her eyes flashing with indignation. leather, you are unjust to him, and to me 3' \ ' , 'Oh, that's all Very well?' gunbled i&ill; Morris, for <oace breaking into the ^conversation. 'Thats allays the way with women ; they want to haiVe a lot of •men dangling about 't>m. Hartley Lyle's been no manner of use to ue ^oce jou come; and I do think it's too bad, ] ust as we're dlt feeling a bit 6ff work after the ^winter, that you should be plkying him 'off agin Jim Murlock when we want him in the' fields. - If I was your father, I should h*via no patiencB with you,—that I «„ouldnlt3,; Why ddi.^fc y >u take Jim's offer withoutall this fuaa ? There*s no comfort in the %6pse with your shilly- -sfeallying. ,You'll have to have him v in the «nd, you know.; your fathe^fcaeaas it, •and he means it ; .and Hartley. Lyle and yott isn't likely to stand against two such "cha|« a's themIV '. *, ; : '' Mortfts, as a rule, was ill. tampered and rougfe, but hitherto he had taken «o part :in the discussions between henjEatheratid - »(herself ^either on the subject of .Jimi Afttr •dock or-atyother:; and althougn the surly fellow's approval or disapproval was a mctter of enfire indifference tor Marion in ithe usual Way, on this particular occasion find him so openlyopposed (to her in- 'creased the approheiisive ntrvous sense of loneliness and danger that, e'ie £\\)>t in the absence of Hartley Lyle. Her trepidation would have been the greater could «hehave known how keen- a personal interest Bill Morris hud in her ma. trriage with James Murdock, On the day of th« wedding Murdoch had promised to pay Ferrol the sum of one thousand pounds; and Ferrol had rntiraated to Bill Morris, as an excuse for not settling up arrears of wages with him, that when he Teceived the thousand pounds he intended giving up farming aud going to New TTork, leaving Bill in possession of his olaim. hut, and all that it contained. When seven o'clock arrived, and the; E ;ht began to wane, and still Hartley ILyle did not-come, Marion's uneasiness increased po terrifely that -dlie even ven : turod to beg her father to mount Tyrant;; ^iiiU go in sear ch of the ivbsentman. ' He must have had :an accident,' she *aid; ' he may be lying on the % ass un able to move!! Oh, pray, pi ay go and seek for him:!. He was looking « ill; it is not likeiy that he wo ild attempt to W ilk to Mr Murdock—and t3i<ue is no other place so near as that even.!' * Marion had iived with her father io* nearly a year, but she had still to learn that, if -she wished for anything, it was positively fatal to the accomplishment of her object to let Herbert Ferrol guess her desire. In this particular instance, tthough he had quite determined in his own mind that, if Hartley Lyle did not appear by the hour g¥ twilight, he would shave Tyrant saddled end go out to find him, seeing his daughter's anxiety, it was only in the nature of the man to turn obstinate at once. ' No, thank you.' he said callously. * You sent him out—you can find him if you Jike. .' I'm not going to dance attendance on you I! 1 «fhen Mr Morris, youM go? Oh, ylease do 1' she. pleaded, the tears rising m her eyps,, : ' No, 1 woti"t either V the surly ruffian •answered with an oath. 'I'm of your father's way of thinking. You want bringing down a bit; and if I was Murdock, I'd do it too—and I'd knock Hartley Lylcfs head off before I'd stand any of his nonsense!' Not one moment of sleep came to Marion that night; she did not even take off her clothes, but throughout tha long dreary hours, lay upoi her bed with the a for her now ; I must trust to your generosity.' ' What is it you want me to do ?' Murdock responded huskily ' 1 want, you to get me away from here. I don't care where to, so long as you don't take me home. Mm. man, it's no yoorl vour ahfi.fei vmir K^nd at me like thaj! I know I a:n dying— there's no chaticeior cue—baC I iimy i.V« for anothei month yet; and, if I do, thialc what it would be for her, Mutd iok ! l'ho misery of it would kill her ! Oh, nelp me—help me to get away, if ym have any pity in you I Don't take m-> back to be a burden to her! I/vik, look !' he cried, p i < in with a tremb itig hand to th« gnastly stain which covered the front of his gray flannel shir . 'Is this a sight tor her ? Why, it has turned your face even a- white as mine ! Oh, for pity's sate do as I ask ! She jjss enough to bear as it is wihout this. Let me ere'p. a way and hide myself and die, like the beasts do. that they may not trouble those they have loved with the sight of their pain and misery/ ' But where can I" take you, ray boy ? Murdock groaned. ' I wouldn'taiy' No ! to anything you asked—indeed I wouldn't —if i could only see my way.' 1 ' Give' me your hand,' Hartley Lyle paid. ' and let me see if I can stand.' Murdock If ted him from the ground with perfect ease, and supported him as he stood. ' I am stronger than I thought,' Lyle said, with a g gh of relief. ' Now, Mur dock, could you walk homo from here ? « Why, you know I could, man ; I could tr imp double the distance and not feel it!' ' Th>n,' said the other brokenly. ' he'p me on to your horse and take me 1 to your place. To-night.you must put me up, and to- morro ft morning early your man Tom can drive me m your cart to Elk Head m time to catch the train to Montery—it's only fifty miles up the line. I shall last as long as that, and the doctor that 1 atold you of lives there* He'll take me in and keep me till I die, I ku<iw; we 'tfere chums in the old country and were boys at school together.' 1 But won't you let me fetch her that you may see her once more ?' Murdock asked , great tears rolling do wn his cheeks. ' She'll come with me for that, or I'm mueh mistook!' " You doa t understand me,' Lyle sighed, shaking his head, ' and I am too weak to explain. I wish to spare her pain —that's why I am going.. Now help me on to Firefly, and let us start.' They were fifteen miles from Jim Murdochs house, and, in ordinary c.rcurn staftces, the fleet Firfefly would hive done the distance in little over an hour ; but, as it was; four hours elapsed before Jim Murdock lifted the almost insensible man from the saddle and, with Sal Peter's help, carried him into the house and laid him upon the sofa. For a time he lay without speaking; but presently he opened his eyes and fixed them earnestly on Murclock's face. 'Promise me, Murdock,' he panted. ' if fey any c h ince I am. not well enough to be moved to morrow, that you will not tell hor. She must know nothing of this— nothing at alJ! Promise me!' Murdock gave the promise ; and then, with a weary sigh, the young man turned his ghastly face to the wall and fell into a torpid detfth like slumber. When the morning came, Hartley Lyle, although still terribly feeble; resisted all his host's entreaties to remain wi'hhim. Til not stay here,' he moaned. 'She might-come, and, if she saw me like this she would feel it her<luty to nurse me—I know she would. You promised me your help to get away; you must 'keep your word.' And thereupon, with a groan of remorse and pity, SMurdock gave the necessary orders : and a few minutes afterwards the cart Was brought to the door, and, a 'liattrass having' been put into it, Murdock climbed in and, holding out'his arms, assisted Ly^e to mount to his-side. ' I shall go with you,' he muttered gruffly; 'I shall see you you into^the tram. I«an ride over, in the evehjng -to Ferrol's place and give ber your letter:' The young fellow pressed the.: great brown liand gratef illy, but he did net reply ;and then the cart moved off rapidly ; and Sal Peters, who was s'-andins: looking gravely on, burst suddenly into sobs and tears. ' How he loves her! ' she cried. ' How he loves herl He is dying, poor soul, and he will deny himself the oomrorl of seeing her anol saying * Good-by^' sooner than make her heart ache with the si »ht of his poor pale face ! CHAPTER XXX. A COUPLE of hours passed before Marion summoned up courage to emerge from her room ; but presently the complete quietness reassured her, and she even ventured to lea ?e the little hut in search of Hartley Lyle, whom she longed to thank for his timely assistance. He was not to be seen, however, so she concluded that, -halving persuaded Jim Murdock to take his departure. Lyle had returned to her father. She wished he bad remained with her, for she still felt horribly nervous; but, after minute's reflection, she began ;to chide dreary hours, lay upon . her bed with the door of her room open, straining her ears f-jr the slightast sound. A dozen times in the coui'se of the night she rose, and stopping softly across the outer room, opened the door and went into the brilliant moonlight. ' Heavrn help me !' she moaned piteously, looking anxiously over the dreary expanse. ' Heaven help us both ! What has happened to him ? Has he gone aw. y and left me ? Oh, no—surely, surely no*;-! He knows so well that, without him, my life here would be unendurable! Oh, Heaven pity me, and send hiia back, or I shall go mad !' The morning came and the men went off to their work • but though Ferrol was still too angry to treat "his daughter with even decent civility, it was evident to her that he too was getting somewhat alarmed at the continued absence of the young man. ' If he isn't in by tea-time,' he said gruffly, ' I shall ride over "to Murdock's and see what he can tell me. I expect Jim's in a terrible temper at the way you treated him yesterday, and I shall have to smooth him down.' But lib happened that Tyrant also was in an especially savage humour "that night, and after dodging his murderous hoofs for ten minutes or so, Bill Mor/is returned to the .hut and declared with an oath, that if Ferrol wanted the beast, he might saddle him himself, for he was dashed if he was going to have his brains kicked out on account of any Hartley Lyle, (To he continued.) 