THE CONTROVERTED PASSAGE. "WRITTEN BUI' NOT UTTERED. The folio wing is the fall text of the passage1 as it appeared in the archbishop's manuscript of the sermozty bat which was omitted by him in delivering his sermon because of the mixed character of Ids congregation:— " Look at those hundreds of contradictory ; denominations which swarm in the British J Empire, and in some other parts of the globe. Have they any of the marks ol the true j church, unity, sanctity, catholicity, and apostolicity? Surely not! They haveno unity. I Look not for-sanctity in those separate sects. I speak not of individuals, but of systems. The authors of the Greek schism, Pbotfos, £n the ninth century, and Michael Cerularxus, in the eleventh, had no motive for tlieir separation bnt blind ambition and lust of power. Tho leaders and founders of Protestantism—Luther, Calrin, Zwinglios, Ac.—were notorious for their vices. Among the Greek schismatics the clergy are badly trained for their sacred functions, and live in & state of piti ful abjection and contempt; they re ceive little or no consideration, or re spect from, the people, and. they neither spread nor fulfil the Gospel teaching. Among Protestants, the most effectual means of sanctification have disappeared; abstinence, fasting, mortification, confession, communion, Ac., Ac. Both the Greek schism and Pro testanism have rather obstructed than-pro moted true civilisation. The first has brought despotism upon the east, the second covered Europe with blood and rains in the sixteenth century, and has ever since been the helper and instrument of the worst! foes of Christianity. It desecrated - the home, it polluted the nuptial bed, it lowered the dignity of womanhood, it devas tated tho school, and stopped the progress of science. In fine, neither Protestants nor Grtek schismatics have shown that the action of the Holy Ghost is with them. ^examples of heroic virtues, no saints in their ranks at all comparable to the martyrs and missionaries of the Catholic Chnrcb; and they have never been able to obtain the sanction of a miracle for their work and their doctrine. 