Her Soldier Lover .CHAPTER XIL- (Continued. In another minute Margaret was alone. ?/,. Now Bhe could enjoy herself iu her own 3 !woy; at laBt Bbe realised the delights oF complete independencr. She glanced at the letter, and Bhivered a little. It was from her husband : she knew . V, his bold hand-writing. Had he promised to \- write to her at once? She was not sure, and a vague feeling of alarm took possession of her. Perhaps something had happened — perhaps his regiment had received orders to atay at borne ! That would be & calamity indeed — she must have her freedom for) a little while ! . . i ' ' Margaret poured out her coffee and cracked an egg ; then she turned desperately :' to the letter — the suspense was too much to bear. She slit the envelope with a table knife, and read, without a tremor, the fierce \ words of love which had literally, burst in a .'., torrent from the heart of the man she had . married only- the day before. ? ? ' 'My' darling Margaret— my wife— You have gone out of my life for a little while, and the world is cold and dark — I find no consolation anywhere I If I were a woman :- I should sob myself to sleep to-night, because I have lost so much ; but, as I am not a woman, I can find no relief in tears. Instead, I shall live. over again the all too brief, the ??-► all too happy past, and picture your lovely ' ' face as T have seen it so many times — flushed and 'radiant with hope. I would that I could say 'love,' and. that that love were mine! i - How well I remember the day— the hour — when my eyes first dwelt upon you, darling! * It was at the close of a brilliant Sunday in summer — after church hours— and 1 hear the rolling music of the organ even now. Let me quote one of Fob'b inspirations ; it suits me exactly — It was a July evening ; and from out A full-orbed moon, that, like thine own soul ' ' soaring! . \ i Sought a precipitate, pathway up through ? . ? heaven, Then fell a silvery silken veil of light, .* - With quietude, and sultriness, and slumber, *' 'Upon the upturned faces of a thousand Bobob that grew in an enchanted garden, -.^ Where no wind dared to stir unless on tiptoerr v 3?ell on the upturned faces of the roBes That smiled and died in this parterre, en ' ' chanted By thee, and by the poetry of thy presence. But, now, at length, Dian Bank from sight Into' a western couch of thunder-cloud ; .And then a ghost amid the entombing trees ' Did glide away. Only thine eyeB remained ! , They would not go — theyneveryet have gone. ? ' Lighting my lonely pathway home that night, £VThey have not left me (as my hopes have). \- *''i.* ? since; They follow me— they lead me through the years—'. : -. . ' They are my ministers — yet I their slave. Their office is to illumine and enkindle — My duty to be saved by their bright light, -. AncL-purified in their electric fire. \- They fill my bouI with beauty (which is hope), ?' And are far up in heaven, the stars I kneel to In the ead silent watchejB of the night!' \- - I believe that poor misguided Poe knew, as \- —I know, what it was to love. Every word ' ' *?? echoes through my bouI in fond sympathy. * ' ' ? Margaret, it seems that we are divided by a boundless ocean, and I am almost 1 ''' tempted 16 fly to you. A few short months —or never again ! I shall go mad if my ? - thoughts run thus. I anathematised the train that bore you nway from me ; I was ?as weak as a child ; I am so even now. 1 \- '? - want to know if you are happy— if you have -^ a ple:asant home. Write to me, my wife, \- -- - and' your letter' shall be my talisman until ' ~ I return. There will just be time for me to ; receive it, or if this should be. delayed, send \- '^Voea telegram— send me. something. ''''' 'Good-bye, my Margaret, my beautiful love. By night and by day my dreams will ? ha nfvnn. until I hold vou in mv arms again ! ' ' ' ' 'Barcy.' ? Margaret laid the letter beside her plate and shivered ; then she carefully put, it # . away. Her first thought had been to destroy it. , . ? ? ' I cannot write,' she thought—' I have nothing to say! I will telegraph that I ''' - have arrived at the Sactory, and that all is ' - , well.' . ? , ,?? .Therewasatapat the door, and Jessie came Tin, her eyes sparkling, her face beaming. ?Good morning, dear. How well you \- are looking ! I am quite ashamed that: my ' guest should be left all alone on the very i' first morning after her arrival! But I really could not help it ; I was so tired and sleepy. You have had a letter, Ann told me, and I can guess whom it is from, poor fellow P ** Her-voice took a tender inflection. ' I have ,-? also had one— or at least, my father has. '„ 'It-is fronfc my. brother Arthur. He is coming home for good ; his education is completed. -The trouble is, what is he to do in the future? He wants to study art, and that means years -;- of toil, and more money spent upon him. -' 'Rut all anch news is of little interest to jr you.' -i ' I' This is your brother's work, is it not ? ' ' ^Margaret said, pointing to the water-colours. ' He is very clever.' # .' . ' He idealises too much, Jessie responded q uickly. ' Who ever saw a sunset like that?' -v she laughed, and. changed the subject. ' It \- is a glorious morning, and I want to know ' even your slightest wish, Margaret. If my ? room is preferable to my company, send me away I am your devoted Blave ! \- ' ' You shall show me the village,' Margaret said. ' I wiBh to send a telegram. There .''seems to be a delicious touch of spring in \- - the air. It is quite delightful to be a person aee of so much importance ! Nowf permit ' me to finish my breakfast in peace ! , An hour later Margaret made the J acquaintance of Mrs. Fielding, a handsome old lady, who regarded her critically. ?Yours is a most romantic story, Mrs. ' '**- -Lvnden.! ' she said. ' Idon't like too much romance in real life. The most prosaic love ~- 'i stories usually turn out the best. And you ' * , are so young I ' she sighed. ? Tell me, she continued, ' do you feel that your heart is breaking at timeB? I am impelled to ask ?vou this question, because I remember my Jwn bitter Borrow when I was about your '*r age. I was not married, bufrmy lover was eent abroad for two years. Even : now that time constitutes a black page m out history. .. - ? ' You need not waste any sympathy upon me, Mrs. Fielding,' Margaret replied coldly. ?Captain Lynden and I thoroughly under wife thought ; and Bhe lpoked pained, J. Sll never mention her husband^ name to . fcer ogam '? ' ' ' ? % ' Margaret and Jessie went out into the clear sunBhinr. Tho Rector wan in the garden, and he waved his hand' genially.' The whole of nature appeared to be waking into life ; the rooks cawed in the elm- trees ; tho larks sang ecstatically in the air. ' This is all a delusion,' laughed Jessie — ? though it is a pleasing one. There will be more dark gusty days and tempestuous nights before the spring fairly sets in ; but we will make the most of the present. I have to introduce you to lots of people.' 'I do not desire to know anybody,' Margaret declared. . .' Ob, yes you do, Margaret ! ' I mean people who are somebodies. You are a perfect aristocrat in your leanings, petite. And I would have you know that the jtatinfitn* nt n nlflrnvmin im r\wnwi]anaA «f. UMUguw* urn. M w. V» £ J UJiVU 40 UI111IVKOU mV home. The snobs who cut me dead at Hampton-on-the-Sea would simply fawn at my feet here ! The Earl of Greville actually paid me great attention, and I believe that he would have proposed had not my engagement to Tom Tracey been announced. It was really a case of spoons!' 1 The Earl is an elderly man, is he not ?' 1 Elderly ?' Jessie opened her eyes wide. 'I though that he had a daughter ?' hammered Margaret. ' A sister,' corrected Jessie — ' Lady Natalie. The old Earl has been dead more than a year. The present Earl is a hand some fascinating fellow, and enormously rich! Greville Hall is only four miles distant. Now about your telegram. You can write it in the . post-office, and a messenger will have to take it to Redland, the nearest telegraphic station. It will cost you five shillings. That is one of the advantages of being rural. Here is the post-office.' Margaret made the message as brief as possible. The curious glances of the apple cheeked postmaster annoyed her. ? Arrived safely. No time to write. — M.' The man read it aloud several timeB before being satisfied ; then he had to consult a ponderous official volume. The despatch of a telegram was not an every day occurrence at Eastcote, and he had forgotten the exact charge. Margaret could hear Jessie's cleat voice talking to some one outside; and a moment later she found herself being introduced to a tall aristocratic young fellow whose eyes seemed to be riveted on her face. ' I am really charmed to meet you, Mrs. Lynden,' he said lazily. ' And Miss Fielding informs me that she has returned home permanently. May I do myself the honour of walking with you or shall I be intruding? ' ' Come with us by all means, Lord Greville,' Jessie said promptly. ' It is not often now that you favour us with your society at the Bectory.' ? I returned from the Eiviera only last week,' the young Earl answered apologetic ally, and he coloured faintly. ' Lady Natalie is there still, but I promise faithfully to renew my devotion at the Bhrine of beauty.' Margaret was conscious of bold glances, and she blushed orimson. To her the elegant young aristocrat was simply odious. He had completely spoiled her morning's pleasure. 'I will accompany you to the Bectory, Miss Fielding,' Lord Grenyille continued, 1 and invite myself to luncheon with your father. I was really on my way to see him when! met you.' He told the falsehood glibly enough, anp Jessie's eyes twinkled ; then, with a feeling of intense annoyance, she saw that his gaze was constantly directed towards Margaret's face. ' Your brother is coming home, is he not?' he drawled. ' A decidedly clever boy, Miss Fielding— but it seems a shame that a gentleman should dream of painting for a living ! ' Tim 'Raotrvi. AAinA mif. fcn meat: ' TjftTl Greville, and his lordship lunched at the Bectory. He did not see Mra. Lynden again that day, but he wormed her romantic story out of Mrs. Fielding. CHAPTER XIII. Some weeks had passed away, and there were signs of spring in the heavens, the air, the field, and the woods. The, swallows began to build, and the thrushes and black birds to sing a wild melody. The Bectory was in a little flutter of expectation. Arthur Fielding was coming home, and Margaret was rather curious to see the youth about whom she had heard so much, whose work had both repelled and fascinated her. The time had passed uneventfully.. She had perused a score of novels, and had followed the movements of the Boyal Bides, a6 recorded in the newspapers. An engage ment was expected in a few. days, but that did not interest her particularly. Had not Darcy strongly deprecated tne iaea oi there being any danger in a brush with the niggers ? ' After a wearisome Bpell of rain and blus tering winds, a marvellous change had occurred in the weather. The air had become soft and warm, the skies as blue as the blue bells hiding in the woods ; the rushing etreamB had become purling brooks, the roar of the tall trees had a soft sigh of sweet content.; : , Early one morning Margaret noted the sudden change;. she had been awakened by the mad chattering of many birds,, and as she gazed from : her window her heart bounded with gladness. There came to her dreams of daffodils, cowslips, anemones. How dull she had bean for many long days, there had been no visitors at the Rectory. Lord Greville was in town ! He had been called away on urgent business for one week and remained three. Margaret ha- almost forgotten his existence. There had been absolutely nothing to do, except listen to the proBing ot\the Rector, or to accompany Jessie upon her daily round among the poor of her father's flock. Margaret had no deBire to spoil her pretty frocks in the rain and the mud, and she detested poverty in any and every shape. So she had rea- many books, and dreamed of the past ant future. There were times when she had felt utterly ' miserable. Her young life appeared to be wrecked, Her freedom was gone. Then came this day of warni winds and golden sunshine. ,. ^ : Margaret dressed hastily, and went down stairs. Jessie wan already breathing the freBh and cool fragrance of early morning, and called joyously to Ker friend. ? Primroses ! There are thousands wait ing to be gathered in yonder bit of wood-, land! I am so glad that we have at last a foretaste of the joyousdays to come! I want to make my home bright and beautifu Margaret, so you must help me. Arthur will be here to- day.' (To be continued.) 