THE " GREATER SYDNEY " QUESTION. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir,—Now that this question has, since a recent deputation waited on the Premier, assumed an aspect worthy of immediate consideration by sub- urban aldermen, inasmuch that Sir William Lyne has stated, in reply to representations, " that speed on the part of disenters to the proposed modes of remedying evils in the administration of city muni- cipal affairs was necessary, because he intended to introduce a bill to Parliament within a month to alter the entire appearance of the Sydney Council," it seems that negligent apathy and wrongful silence are highly reprehensible on the part of those in- terested—particularly those on the north side of the harbour. Having taken a prominent part in municipal matters in North Sydney since 1875, and now repre- senting the second ward in importance in its council, prompt me to state that if any of the proposed schemes of the Greater Sydney conference is made the basis of the new bill it will be lamentable to the ratepayers of Manly, Willoughby, Mosman, Lane Cove, and naturally North Sydney. The municipalities named have never enjoyed any direct benefits from acts of the council of the city of Sydney ; some boroughs to the south, east, and west of it may have, whilst the firstnamed can- not be congratulated on being altogether free from disadvantages and discomforts through actions of the city councillors. The geographical position of the various boroughs on the north side of the harbour should be a most suggestive argument with those in authority as to the advisability of promoting an independent, whilst in no way antagonistic, formed self-government on an extended scale. Whilst my main endeavour is to show that the North Shore district should be allowed to stand out of any measure by which it would be absorbed by Sydney, it must be clear to anyone studying the question closely that the matter of franchise has really had a thing to do with the condition of the affairs of the city. In the past property owners have elected the aldermen. Ambition on one hand, and apathy on the other, in the administration of the affairs of the city have brought about a crisis very hard to get over, but one with which property owners only will have to do. Quoting from the Mayor's (Sir Matthew Harris) minute to the City Council on July 19, 1899, we therein find the area of the city to be 2888 acres, whilst the North Shore municipal area is 14,169 acres, with a population of about two persons to the acre, whilst Sydney carries about 40 persons to the acre, thus showing the great disparity of population and area comparatively, at the same time clearly demonstrating an extraordinary and justifiable an- ticipation of growth during the next 20 years. The areas cannot after—the population in the one case might, but in the other must increase at least ten fold. The city of Sydney has been for some reasons always extravagantly managed. The North Shore municipalities on the contrary, as evidenced from the fact that they are enabled to expend 42 per cent. of their revenue on general works as against 37 per cent by the city, and the comparison in producing lighting for ratepayers' benefit is still worse, being 14 per cent. by the councils against 7 per cent. by the city, which has expended some 7 per cent. of its revenue on sanitary work, whilst no less than 18 per cent. has been paid by the suburban municipalities. And the most inex- plicable item of the lot is the payment for interest and sinking fund, which absorbs no less than 37 per cent. of the city's revenue, whilst the North Shore munici- palities are stated to be responsible for 15 per cent. of their revenues to pay similar charges. There- fore, from the figures quoted, it will be observed that whilst our residents enjoy a higher percentage of ex- penditure on their roads, sanitary works, and light- ing a much smaller percentage proportion is re- quired to meet interest and sinking fund liabilities. Of all suburban municipalities the northern are de- cidedly in the best position with regard to owning cumbersome and inadequately remunerative pro- perties. Our council chambers, although suffi- ciently commodious, are neither superfluous nor an irritating source of strain on our funds. Markets at present we do not possess, the general impression so far held being that the ratepayers who purvey for the public should not be competed against by the corporation, and also the experience, gained from observation of erecting costly structures in this connection has always prevented anything being done on this side. Unnecessarily ex- pensive structures appear to be not only an ever- present but an extending incubus. It is therefore apparent that from a financial standpoint our being embraced in any of the schemes proposed would be disadvantageous to us. That North Shore could be safely entrusted with extended powers municipally in other directions does not require a second thought, because within our area are included as residents some of the foremost profes- sional and public men of the colony, from amongst whom could be formed a board that would most satisfactorily perform all the functions of a Board of Health, controllers of street traffic, an advisory and constructive Water and Sewerage Board, hos- pital and benevolent institution managers, and the tramway system, and any and all of the suggested institutions to be controlled under a " Greater Sydney " Council. To establish a " Greater North Sydney " Council would be extremely easy, as from the comparative isolation of the North Shore, accounts with all the Government constructive and maintenance branches could be readily ascertained, thereby giving imme- diate knowledge of amount of revenue to be raised to defray cost of works to date ; whilst its area, situa- tion, its history of rapid progress, and its freedom from the deadweight of municipal blundering should in my humble opinion cause the residents to object to being forced into alliance with the southern side, and incite the Ministry into causing the first experiment of full local government, being tried away from the city if Sydney. I am, &c.;, August 11. ROBERT MOODIE. According to the Paris correspondent of the Lon- don " Standard," the " Temps " relates a curious story concerning a house alleged to be haunted in the Rue de Bourgogne. It says that since October last the inhabitants of No. 57 of this thoroughfare have been greatly perturbed by hearing the persistent cries of a child, though there are no children in the house. To such an extent had these cries troubled one of the inhabitants, Mlle. Marie Breton, that she finally made a complaint to the local commissary of police. According to her statement, she heard the voice of a child groaning and saying, " Mamma, you are burn- ing me." Two detectives, sent by the commissary, also heard the cries, but, though they made a thorough search of the residence, were unable to dis- cover their origin. As a last resource, M. Cochefort, the well-known head of the detective department, who has unravelled more than one so-called ghost story, has been called in, and has undertaken to make a personal investigation. 