WAR NOTES. It seems that Colonel Baden-Powell and his gallant corps at MafeKing have not been relieved, but it is certain that they have made much the best show of aJI tiie British forces in South Af-. frica, having foritlhree months kept a large Boer commando (among which urere some of 4^ie beat ltustenberg sharpshooters) at bay, notwithstanding that - the town was practicaHy demoiiened by <fhe bombard meat. The enormous quantity of explo sives accumulated ait die place enabled the garrison to mine the ground all round the town. The garrison had a farther ad vantage in the circumstance that their forts lay much higher 43ian any of the surround ing country, and (possessing neither swords nor bayonets, and being solely dependent on their rifles, die Boers hesitated about storming the British position. Their re luctance is justified by a military corre spondent of the "Daily Hews," who points out 'that a man armed only with a nfle its practically defenceless at close quarters against men armed <with bayonets. The Imperial Light Horse made their gallant charge at Elands Laagxe without bayonets, but the enemy also were with out bayonets. For the same reason (says the correspondent) the enemy are restric ted to fighting behind cover. To fight in any other way, be says, would be not so much brave as insane. The bayonet, it is interesting to note, was not employed in the British army until the reign of Charles 11., when it was described in a Royal warrant as "a. bayonet or great knife."' For some time it was not brought into requisition until after all the ammu nition had been expended, and then it.was screwed into the barrel of ithe musket, completely closing up the muzzle. At the battle of Ramfllies. however, some thirty years later, the men of the 25th Regiment of Foot, now the Royal Borderers, no ticed -that an opposing regiment charged immediately they had delivered their fire, and without halting 4o screw on ' their bayonets. After die engagement the French firelocks which had been captured were examined, and the improvement pointed out to the English armorers, who were instructed to fit the muskets of the English army in the same way. The total losses on the Transvaal side in the three battles of Dundee, Elands ]>aaple, and Modderspruit, as ascertained by Dalziel's correspondent at Pretoria, were as follows: —Dundee. October 21— Killed. 29; wounded, 01. Elands Laagtc, 22nd —Killed. 36; wounded, IL2: prisoners, 301\. . Modderspruk, ?hh—Killed, 11; wounded, 146. ■ The Boers, according to a Kaffir runnel.-, have absolutely no floor or bread of any sort. They live entirely on meat. Portfolios found hy the Boers alter fune ral Yule's retreat from Dundee are said to contain sketch naps of the route tor an invasion of the Transvaal and Orange Free State from Natal, one of. them signed by General BulJer. A curious t-a^c has been treated at the hospital at Durban. It is that of a private who w\is t-hrti completely through the bead, the Mauser bullet entering the cranium on (me side and emerging on the oilier. Xot only i* he living, but h;? wounds have healed without a check—.l slightly rc-tricted jaw roovemeut, due to muscular paraly-n.-, alone retarding hi* dis charge. In this instance the bullet enter ed just ill front of the left ear, escaping the temporal artery, took a forward ani somewhat downward course along the floor of the skull, pierced the right maxi' lary (cheek) hone, aud emerged below the eye on that side. There results sonic facial disfigurement, but he sees. eats, ami sleeps well. One may consider him a lucky fel low in having exchanged the experience of cranial perforation by an eld Brown Bess for that of a modern Mauser bullet. Here is a now and characteristic story of President Kruger- It is told in the New York "World.''. In the days when Johan nesburg was a mining camp, the {ale goes, Oom Paul on one occasion, was riding through in a very ordinary suit of clothes. He unsaddled o'1 a waggon belonging to a German, who, not recognising him, began to hold forth on the reforms he would make if he iverc ruli.T of ihc State. Snd denly Mr. Kruger look off his coat, and holding it towards the Gerniun, who was a little man said, '"Friend, put it on " '"But," replied the latter, "it is 100 bic ' "•Just so." said die President with a grim stniie. '"I'm Paul Kruger, and it is not too big for me." The age of miracles and superstitions, writes a correspondent of the Aberdeen "People's Journal." 1: ler date November | 3, is not yet dead in the Highlands, nd anything that may happen flavoring of -the supernatural is eagerly discussed and by many, thoroughly believed. The people of Alvie, in the lower part of Badenoch, are much concerned at present by the appear ance of an anparition at the grave of the Duchess of Gordon. It has the form of a woman arrayed in long vrhite flowing robe, with light hair falling in tresses round 'her shoulders. One eye-witness as serts that the ghost was either combing or tearing her hair, and after being clearly visible for some minutes it suddenly van ished. The burial-place of the Duchess of Cordon, Who was so famous for her trit and beauty, is a lonely sylvan glade on the banks of the River Spey, about a mile from Kinrara House, the property of the Duke of Richmond and Gordon. A beautiful granite monument -marks her resting-place, and it is here that the spirit is said to have been seen. It is well known that it was to the unwearied exertion and de voted patriotism of this reigning beauty that we owe the present brare regiment of Gordon Highlanders. In 1794, when the regiment was raised, this witty lady at tended fairs and public gatherings through out the Highlands, and -when she found a likely man to make a soldier a shilling was put between her. teeth, and he was invited to take it and a kiss. Who would refuse such a tempting offer, backed as it was with fascinating beauty and sparkling wit* .Certainly mot a Highlander. Since then the gay and gallant Gordons have proved themselves worthy-of their patroness upon many a hard- fought field. It is feared by many that this seen at the duchess's s?rave in' the lonely kirkyard of St. Eda forebodes some dire disaster to t"he gallant Gordons m the near future. London "Punch. publishes the follow ing nujger news from the Transvaal:—"De British hab got alongside o' Modder. But they habn't got no Farder." 