(ALL RIGHTS RESERVED) ' THE DISTRESSES OF , DAPHNE^ .-U-1 ¡J "f rc\ 'By './ W. E. NORRIS, (Author of "'My Friend- Jim," " Major and Minor," _c.) SYNOPSIS OP PltEVlOUS CHAPTERS. | Al a great ball in Dresden, Daphne Hamilton displeases her mother by dancing llircii times with Otto von Kaldenburg, the J-nndsomest man in the room. He has been introduced by Captain Clough, the recipient of i Mrs. Hamilton'-) complaints, him- self a close friend of Daphne's, and, to tell the truth, her would-be lover. Mrs Hamilton guesses Clough's wishes, and is thereiore most perplexed at the help he gives to von Kahlcnberg in tho latter's obvious pusuit of her daughter. Mrs. Perkins and her daughters give some annoyance to Mrs. Hamilton by their pcisistcnt olfeis of friend sliip, hut their vagaiies provide the others with a good deal of enteiluinmcnt. At Bayreuth Von Rnhlenburg rejoins the party, nnd he and Daphne are inseparable. At dinner, on the evening ot the close of the festival, some information given by Von Kahlenburg, reluting to an accident in the Tyrol, which caused the death of his father (known by tile family name of Pardowitz), taubes -Mrs. Hamilton to start, und then faint. The two gen- tlemen, being requested not to await Mrs. Hamil- ton's recovery, go on to Marienbad, where Jack Clough icccives a letter saying that the Hamiltons are going to avail themselves of the accident to beat a silent retient 1 Clough, having with much difficulty restrained his friend from attempting a pursuit, starts for London. CHAPTER VII. ..? Friendship. On a chilly, murky November afternoon, Mrs. Hamilton was toasting hor toes before the Aro in Palace Gate, where she lived, when Captain Clough was announced. Sho started up, with a. little cry of pleased sur- prise which her visitor ought to have found flattering. " At 'last ! I was beginning to despair of you. What have you been about these hundred years ?" " Well," he replied, " for these hundred days* past--It is just about that length ot time since we parted at Bayreuth, isn't it ?-I have boen mostly shooting. My re- cord is much too monotonous to interest anybody ; but I- should like to hoar yours. What have you been doing meanwhile ?" "You might," returned Mrs. Hamilton, re- suming her seat, " have had the curiosity to ask that question hy post. Perhaps you don't realiso what n dangerous thing it is to break off a course of Marlenbad treatment before it is half finished." " I may not have realised all the dangers of the situation, but I owe you no apology, considering that you refused me all Infor- mation as to your movements. However, let .me repeat my question, now that you are hero and I am here. What have you been doing ?" " Oh, very little worthy of mention, Re- covering, I suppose." 1 "Both of you ?" Mrs. Hamilton sighed, laughed, and nodded. " Yos, both of us, I am thankful to say. At least, I quite hope and believe so. But-we were terribly near a catas- trophe, weren't wo ?" " I don't know. We certainly seemed to bo within measurable distance of an event -catastrophic or otherwise, according to the point of view. I can't say that, from my point of view, there is anything to take ex- ception to in Otto von Kahlenburg." .'Oh, Jack, don't bo so exasperating! It stands to reason that you must have taken exception to him ; though I daresay you may not have disliked him as much as I did. Anyhow, wo have done with the man for good and all now, I trust." " H'm ! And Miss Daphne ?" " She has dismissed him from her mind. You know-or probably you don't know how easily girls . talçèi fancies ? and get ria of them." " Some girls, no doubt, but is she of that sort ?" " There is only one sort," Mrs. Hamilton boldly declared. " Infinitely varied, of .course, like a packet of mixed seed, but the same in essentials. Daphne's distinctive peculiarity, for instance, is her mania for music-she has gone out to take a violin lesson now, by the way. Well, I suppose ho understood that, and took measures ac- cordingly. But from the moment that slio had left him and Bayreuth behind her-!" " She proved her resemblance to the rest of the species by forgetting all about him? -Ytiuâre noVttfo complimentary to'.youV-önly child." " All I Bald was that like other girls, she is liable to take fancies which come to noth- ing. , Would you really have preferred to hear that this one" had come to something?" " No ;-since you ask me, I shouldn't. Only I don't feel ns convinced about the matte* as you profess to toe." Mrs. Hamilton did her best to convince him-not wholly in vain. To be sure, he had seen Daphpe's eyes. He had noted a subtle change in her voice, reserved for von Kah lenburg, and he knew what he knew ; yet the fact remained that^she had obeyed orders and had turned her baôiçupon hor Austrian admirer without a protéëL Would she have proved so docile if she had been anything Uko seriously enamoured of that ardent, but casual, prétendant ? His estimate ot Miss Daphne's character warranted a nega- tive reply. Then, too, it was consoling and encouraging to hear that she had fre- quently wondered whether he was going to bo in London at aU that winter. Equally consoling 'and encouraging to Mrs. Hamilton was the information which she elicited that Captain Clough intended to bo In London, off and on, for some time to come. This satisfied her that_he must havo other intentions of a nature "to command her warmest sympathy, and al- though they were neither of thom so in- discreet as to become more explicit, they understood one another pretty well before their chat came to an end. Each, at all events, understood very well what the other wanted, and would, if possible, bring to ¿ass. But there are things which cannot, with the best will in the world, be brought to pass. Had Jack Clough not been aware of that already, ho would havo been made aware of it, a few minutes after he had emerged Into tho raw outer air, by his encounter with a young lady, carrying a violin-case, who joyfully recognised and accosted 'him. For if her joy at beholding Mm was unfeigned and avowed, she lost no time in letting him know how little excuse was thereby afforded him for per- sonal vanity or self-congratulation. He had not been talking to her for two minutes before she ruthlessly cut short his hesitating commonplaces by inquiring : " Wliat ibecamo of you and-and your friend after that Parsifal evening ?" Tlie short pause which preceded her re- ference to his 'friend was significant, as was also the smile (perceptible even in that uncertain light) with which she re- ceived his answer of : , " Oh, we tore our hair and went our respectivo ways ; .what else could we dot? My way,1 as you seo, has ended by landing me in Palace Gate ; it is upon the cards I suppose, that vou Kahlenburg's may havo the same goal, for he is no stranger in London." " So he told me," observed Daphne, ad- ding, after a moment of silence, " It is such a pity that mother can't bear Mm !" " Does that matter ?" " Yes ; because if by any chanco he should come to London and should lind out our address-" " As he undoubtedly will." "? Do you think so ? Well, then he will just as undoubtedly bo told that wo are not at home And I shall be sorry for that, because I myself like him extremely. You alßo like him very much, don't you ?" "As much or as little as.you please. The extent of my liking for him depends, I believe, entirely upon the extent of yours." 'Daphne .laugbell. *' Well," ishe said presently, " it would be good-natured of you." " To tell him how extremely you like him ?" " That would be unnecessary, I hope ; wo got on so well together, he and I. But you might, if the occasion should arise, tell him thrft I am really sorry to seem so rude." " You are going to seem rude, then ?" " I am a'fraid we must. Mother has taken him 'on. grippe-for some Ireason which I can't guess. (Can you ?" Jnck shook his .head-disappointing her a little, he fancied, by his inability to throw any light upon so strange aj phen- omenon. She iput) a few more questions to >.Mm. They were questions which anybody, .Who had been, unaccountably deprived of a pleasant acquaintance might have been ex- pected to-ask, and they did not in. the least prove that she was breaking ~ her heart for the vanished-Otto ; yet if she had been heart-broken, she would scarcely have proclaimed tho circumstances, nor did it follow from her light manner that she was not a good deal more interested than,she Chose to appear. She took, at any rate, no sort of interest in an old friend, save such as attached to him in his capacity of a connecting link with a new one. Jack soon satisfied himself of that chastening fact, formed his own conclusions, and ceased to enlarge upon porsonal_ topics which had secured the sympathetic SÄeh tion of her mother. "Tîîuch Daphne cared whether he was succeeding or failing 'in lîlB new part of a country gentleman !-much she cared whother he stood or not for the vacant Parliamentary division which he had been invited to contest ! With regard lo her own life and occupations she mani- fested a similar off-hand unconcern. " Oh, there's'nothlng to tell," she said ; " wo jog placidly along. My one daily event just now is a fiddle lesson from a master who lives on the north side of the parkL and who gives himseli such airs that his pupils have to go to him, since he won't be at tho pains of coming to them." Then she politely hoped that she might soon see Captain Clough again, and so re- sumed her march, leaving him with the im- pression that he had scarcely fulfilled the expectations which had evoked her cordial greeting. Of course there was not the ghost of a shadow of a hope !-there never had been, nor over would be, any. It only remained to call a hansom and drive back to St. James's Place, where Otto von Kahlenburg must by this time be im- patiently awaiting tho return of a friendly emissary. For Otto von Kahlenburg was in London. It was, indeed, in some measure fcôcause he was in London that Jack" Clough was now occupying the St. James's pied-a-teire which was tho symbol of sufficient moans and occasional obligatory touch with the metropolis. His young friend had in- voked his aid, lather as a matter of right than as a favour, and he had responded to the appeal-not very unwillingly, it is true. On reaching his rooms ho found, as he had anticipated, that Otto was already in possession, and the latter, throwing the end of a cigar into the fire, started up, ?with peremptory demands. " Well ? You havo been there ?-you have seon them ? What did they say ?" " I have been there and I have seen them," the'older man composedly replied. " They didn't say much." " You told them tñat I was in England ?" "No ; I thought it better not to tell them that. If I had done so they would havo said more, no doubt , but they said enough -'Mrs. Hamilton did, at least-to convince mo that discretion was advisable To speak plainly, my dear fellow, Mrs. Hamil- ton does not love you." " Do I ask Mrs. Hamilton to love me ?" " Probably not ; yet I presume that you ask her, or will soon ask her, to receive you. And the fact is that, as at present advised, she will see you hanged first !" " She said that !" " Well, she gave me to understand as much." " And Daphne ?" " Oh, Miss Hamilton was apologetic in advance. Whether she guessed that you wore already in this country or not I can't say ; but she evidently expected that you would ¡put in an appeaiance before long, and she was anxious that you should know h.r.v much 6he regretted her mother's deter- mination to siam the door of their house in your íace " Von Kahlenburg laughed good-huanouredly. " My dear Clough, you will never allow her to treat one in that way." "How the deuce am I to prevent ter? And If it comes to that, why the deuce should I ?" " Why ?-because you are my friend, of course. As for how-«well, I think that li you and Daphne are on my side, means will be found. (By the way, you must have contrived to see Daphne alone, or she could not have spoken to you as you said she did." "Yes, I had a'private interview with her. but not as the result of any con- trivance on my part. I happened, sfter leaving Palace Gate, to meet her' on her way herne from her music lesson. She has a violin master on the other side of the Park whom sho honours with a visit every afternoon just now, it seems." The young anon rubbed his hands glee- fully. "Aha! eveiy afternoon ? That Is .capital ! Then I know whom she will meet to-morrow afternoon." "Oh, naturally. But look here, Otto-I have a conscience, and although you are kind enough to call me your friend, I am also Mrs. Hamilton's friend, you mu3t re imomber. I ought not to lend myself to schemes which may end dlsestiously for her and iter daughter. In a word, your uncle's authorisation becomes important. Have you asked him for it ?" "His authorisation? No; I have not asked him for that-how could I ? It would not ibe customary. In our country we are a great deal more formal about such matters than you are, and to request my uncle's consent to any marriage would be as much as requesting him to place himsolf in communication with Mrs. Hamil- ton at once. Which would make her ex- cusably angry, I am afraid." " There seems to be some ground for fearing that it might," observed Clough drily. ?" At the samo time, your subterfuge doesn't deceive me. If you ¡have said nothing formal to your uncle, you have certainly said something informal, and your guilty look shows that he was not pleased " " I do not believe," answered Count von Kahlenburg's heir presumptive, evasively, " that it -would be possible to please iilni with anything short of a princely alliance ; but he is a slave to beauty, and Daphne will win his heart easily enough when the time comes. Meanwhile, nobody wants you to lend yourself to disastrous schemes. All you have lo do, any good friend, until you receive further instructions from <me, is to do nothing at all." *' Oh, that's all, is it ? I like your ' further Instructions !' Well, perhaps you had better see Miss Hamilton ; you will ^evidently manage to see her, whether it Is better for you to do so or not. But take notice, please, that I reserve to myself com- plete future liberty of action." \- CHAPTER VIII. Determination. It* is a great blessing to bo 'young, and an even greater blessing to knowyour'own mind. Few people, to be su&,-,when in possession of the former, reaîlaéi'the full importance of the latter , yet there belongs to early life an Instinctive, unconscious con- tempt for obstacles which goes "a long way towards the achievement of results. " He who will be Pope," says tho proverb, " lot him tako it strongly Into his head, and he shall be Pope." So Otto von Kahlenburg, having taken it strongly into his head that Daphne Hamilton and no other should be his wife, strode across the misty stretches of Hyde Park with a light-hearted deter- mination which was in no wise dashed by the ascertained disapproval of persons who undoubtedly had it in their power to forbid tho banns. His uncle ? Oh, well, his uncle might, and probably would, maka a fuss ; but what then ? A childless widower, who has but one near relative m tho world, has given hostages to fortuno, and cannot, unless he be abnormally unfeeling, «how much fight when respectfully defied by that one relative. As for Mrs. Hamilton, her mysterious prejudice must be oveicome would assuredly be overcome from the moment that she should be called upon to Insuie or destroy her daughter's happiness. What signified-what alone signified-was the question of whether her daughter's hap- piness was at stake or not. If Count Otto was confident upon that point, it may be pleaded for him that Daphne had, in thos-q Bayreuth woods, given him fair excuse for confidence ; if he was also intermittently diffident (as in tiuth he was) let him bo ci edited with some measure of becoming modesty. He had no need to ask the way to Palaca Gate ; for, foreigner though ho was, ho knew his London very well Indeed, and had hosts of friends (and many friendly hosts) in a countiy which he frequently visited in pursuit of sport. Only of courso he could not tell for certain at what precise hour Miss Hamilton might be expected £o illumin- ate that somewhat dreary quarter of the* town by her advent, and he bad, ia prudence, allowed himself a wide margin of time, thus exciting the visible curiosity of a loitering policeman, whom he passed and repassed, while patrolling _ an exit from Kensington Gardens upon " which it was necessary for him to keep an eye. The London police, unlike some of their foreign colleagues, are a simple, unsuspicious folk ; so that Count Otto ran little risk of being mistaken for a dynamiter, with designs upon the neighbouring Albert Memorial. The expectations of the gentloman in blue wero doubtless verified when a lady, bearing a violin-case, became visible through the fog and falling darkness, and when the well dressed saunterer sprang forward, hat in hand, to intercept her pasdage. Such encounters," it may be presumed, are not unfrequently witnessed by the guar^. dlans of law and order on that particular beat. Moreover, although this did not hap- pen to be an assignation, it had all the ap- pearance of one ; for the- young lady ex- hibited no sign of surprise or perturbation. " How do you do ?" Bhe said composedly. " I was wondering whether you were in England ßr not. You have seen Captain Clough, perhaps ?" " Of course I am in England, and of course I have seen him," the young man answered. " Did he tell you that I was hero, then ?" " No, he didn't tell me that ; if he had, I shouldn't have been wondering, should I ? But he seems to have told you that he met mo near this spot yestorday. What else did he tell you, if it is allowable to ask ?" " He told me," replied Otto, after a mo- mentary hesitation, " that there would be vory little use in my calling at your mother's house." " Ah, exactly ! .And that is why you have waylaid me ? " " It is a good reason, surely ! You can- not haye supposed that I should submit tamely /to be refused sight of you ?" Daphne laughed. " Tame or fierce," she remarked, " you will have to submit, I am afraid, to the consequences of an antipathy which I regret quite as much as you can. But there it is, you see, and it can't bo helped. I begged Captain Clough to take an opportunity of explaining and apologising to you." No apology, she was assured, was requi- sito ; but something in^ the nature of an explanation would ibo very gratefully re- ceived. If it was not asking too much, might he implore her to turn back into Ken- sington Gardens, and grant him five or ten minutes of conversation ? He had tra- velled rather a long distance in quest of that boon, he pathetically added. " I thought," roturnod Daphne demurely, " that you had travelled to this country in quest of something a little more exciting. Your name, at all events, has been mentioned among other distinguished guests who are expected to shoot Loid Dovedale's coverts towards the end of the month." So she had taken the troublo to inform herself as to his engagements ! That was an encouraging circumstance, despite the somewhat discouraging tone which she -was pleased to assume. 'Her silent compliance with his request' that she should retrace her steps might likewise ibo taken as au encouragement to tho avowal which broke forth from him before they had stepped many yards, side by side, along the de- serted Broad Walk. " I did not como to England to shoot pheasants-if Lord Dovedale and others have boen so kind as to invite me, that is only because I gave them a hint, and because I had to make some excuse to my uncle-I carne simply and solely to see you, to tell you what you know already, that I worship you, and that I cannot llv» without you*!" Miss Hamilton wnlked on,-looking straight before her and answering nothing. " I did not know that before," was her eventual remark. " Oh, I think you must have known ! But even if you did not, you know now. Well ?" " Well-I am sorry. What more can I say ? I won't pretend not' to have known though we have never spoken about it, she and I-why my mother hurried away from Marienbad. There seemed to be a chance that this might happen. If you will pro- mise me that it shall never happen again, perhaps we may continue to be friends, and there will bo no objection to our meeting occasionally." " Promise you that it shall never happen again ! But-for what do you take me, then ?" 'The speaker's accents of amazed conster- nation may have been a trifle exaggerated. He could not, and did npt, imagine that Daphne seriously contemplated dismissing him in that curt, unfeeling fashion. Never- theless, he was chilled, and it scarcely com- forted him to hear her reply with much tranquillity : " You see, it is less a question of what you are or of what I take you to be than of what is possible and what is impossible ; and my mother-" " Oh, Miss Hamilton!-Daphne!-can your mother make it impossible for you to love me?" " She can make it Impossible for me to marry you. Oh, I know what you are going to say : she is so good to me, and she has always spoilt me so much that I might, If I chose, induce her to consent to anything. It doesn't follow that I shall Induce her to consent to a thing which she would hate." " That is as much as to say that you do not love me !" " Have I ever given you any excuse for supposing that I did ?" She really had ; and he might, at a trifling cost of" self-respect, have quoted words of hers which had appeared to convey that impression. But perhaps, under the cir- cumstances, it would be neither dignified nor worth while to^upbraid her. So he drew himself up to his full height, brought his heels together with a click, bowed stiffly from The waist, and said : " Miss Hamilton, I see that I have made an unfortunate and ridiculous mistake. Pray, pardon me for having forced myself upon you, and let me assure you that the Intrusion will not be repeated. I shall leave England to-morrow." " Good-bye, then," returned Daphne plea- santly. " Won't it be rather íude to dis- appoint Lord Dovedale and your other friends, though ?" " So rude that I shall never dare to show my faco in this country again, which is exactly the result that I wish for." The girl raised her eyes to the face which was about to be withdrawn per- manently from their range. In the depths of thoso raro blue eyes some merriment; was discernible, together with somo com- punction, while perhaps upon their surface (but it was Impossible to swear to that in such an uncertain light) there was just a faint foreshadowing of tears to come. "I don',t think,'" said she deliberately, " that I ought to let you behave so badly." " Nothing," returned Otto, still haughty and resentful, " is more easy than to pre- vent me. Miss Hamilton." Nothing is more easy "Than to act In ac- cordance with one's inmost desires, and few things are more difficult than to con- ceal those desires at a critical juncture Daphne Hamilton, who was devoted to hor mother, and who, after all, did not know as much about hor wooer as she would have liked to know, by no means desired to be driven into a corner , but cornered she was, and nobody will be surprised to hear that she only extricated herself by what, for all practical purposes, amounted to un- conditional surrender. Certain conditions she imposed, it Is true ; but the force and value of these may be measured by the fact that when she and her companion quitted Kensington Gardens (by which time It was quite dark), she had promised that If It should not prove in her power to become his iwife, she would at least never be anybody else's wife. " Then there is no fear !" cried the exul- tant Otto, at parting. " Your mothar does not really dislike me ; how could she ?" '; I'm sure I don't know," answered Daphne, with a tremulous laugh. " No ; It is not me whom she dislikes, only Clough whom she would prefer. You did not guess that ? Yet it was evident enough. Well, you absolutely decline Clough-who, for.the rest, Is not a candi- date, bless him !-and all is said. If there are any little difficulties they will vanish. They shall and they must, now that I have won all I wanted to win !" So fine a thing Is it .to be young and to know, your own mind. "-.'-. -v (To be continued.), / 