THE SKETCHES. CHIPS £rom GHINA. No. XIII.-SUPERSTITION AND OTHER THINGS. Superstition and ciusltjy are often c> ; partners. Close, by the illustrations of tor ture which have .been described is a curious congregation of stalls whose' keepers are devoted to the service of the gods of heal ing. The first one we examined had for etock in trade nothing but tgera' bones, snakes, lizards, and crabs. Lizards are good ior some maladies, crabs for others, and tigers' bones for still additional varie ties; and the presumption is that if you take them all 'together every ailment known in the pharmacopea will be dispersed by them-if you should escape from being kill ed yourseiif. But what a witches' hell broth they would make! Near by is a special tem ple of the god of medicine, and on the day Qf our visit the birth anniversary of this deity was being celebrated amid curkus demonstrations. Some devotees were vigor ously fanning him, and the suggestion con veyed to the Democrat's minid was t at the soul of this potentate of the pills must be located in a region where a breath of cool air would be acceptable; but the ex . pltonation of the exercise was that the m n and women who waved fans were relatives of fever-stricken patients, and the idea was not ito benefit the god, but to take some advantage from him. The belief is that the sufferer from fever, if cooled with a fan which has been used in this way, will be soothed into a refreshing -sleep. Some of us pooh- poohed this notion as an example of the benighted superstition of the lieathen; but our versatile guide, who is an omnivorous reader of the papers, said quietly-"You have faithhealens- in Aus tralia, haven't you?" 1 don't know wiiat he meant. SACKED CURIOS. At another temple we had opportunities of purchasing ' holy water guarantied to cause the sick to recover; but, judging by its appearance, it would be more liitely to induce the recovered to be sick. Any more nauseous draught of medicine than tlie average Canton water as we saw it could not be imagined, excepting by a poet, an auctioneer, or a party politician during elec tion time. Until we had read tli2 profound scientific treatise which taught that sewer gas is wholesome and a stimulus to the lungs to do their duly, we reflected that the Canton people ought to be taught that it was all very well to trust in charms and incantations and other superstitious fol-de-rols for pre servation of the public health, but 'j, they ought to keep their place pure, as well as trust in their gods of healing-all ot whom, by the way, look ill themselves If they would scrub a million and a hail cu tlie residents, beginning with the priests, and shovel away or burn a few thousand odd tons of 'the accumulated putrescence ot the . streets, and gutters, and houses, they could reduce their drug bill and their offerings in the temples for intercession for the siclc whom they have made so by their unspeak able filthiness. We found here, however, as well as later iu Japan in connection with curious manifestations of demoniacal posses sion, some striking instances of the effect of imagination iu disease not less than m everything else. Regarding the everything else a high dignitary of the church in Eng land told us that one of his brethren of the cloth was made the subject of a great deal of playful chaffing because of his faith in a certain talismanic offertory plate. This article was sent by an old parishioner from India, and it was composed of the finest metal and crowned with a beautifully de signed oriental scrollwork motto. The clergyman was told that this inscription was an invocation to the Deity to prosper the cause of religion; and he believed, and said he believed, that a potent charm had been exercised in the church ever -nice the plate was brought into use. He was, how ever-and this is where the joke comes in -sadly disillusioned when an oriental scho lar happened to read the magic words "There is but one God, and Mahomet is his prophet!" Afterwards that platter had to adorn another sphere. A CANTON FUNERAL. We are startled by a special'eruption of noise in the crowded thoroughfare outside the stalls, and we find that a funeral pro- i cession is approaching. Men are running ahead of the cortege, frantically shouting ] . in order to clear the crowds out of the way of the deceased, as he takes his last i journey through the overpowering odours of Can'tom It is a poor man's funeral, and . so a good deal of the gaudy display and j ceremony regarded as proper to the final appearance in public of Croesus are dis pensed with. At the head of this proces- ! sion come a few Chinamen, one or two grotesquely dressed. They precede a bar row on which are a roast pig, with cakes and confectionery, to be placed with counterfeit money oil the grave of the dead man to enable him to start in good condi tion his gruesome journey to the land of ghosts. After the pig trotted a gaily garbed Chinaman holding up a huge un furled umbrella-whether to protect the pig or himself was not explained. Three men ill chairs; then a conveyance which held the body of the motlal mourned for; and thus was introduced alie chief feature of the occasion-the principal mourner, a son of the deceased, who tottered alo»jg as though in the last stages of exhaustion, and was supported on each side by another man. His face was covered with while lead, his aspect generally was most dismal; and so was the intermittent howl which emanated from him, reminding one of tlie music emitted by the honest dingo on a dimly moonlit night. I have said that this 'man was the son of the deceased, be cause that is what the guide told us; but "often bereaved who are able to command enough Jiionev to do so pay professional mourners, because the cries of these m«>n are always more heartrending tha»i those of the friends of the departed. I need not, however, set down here anything more con cerning Chinese funeral customs, because all I knpw about them has been recorded in the part of these articles which dealt With Shanghai. THE CITY OF THE DEAD. I have already shown that certain kinds of superstitions have a very active existence in China, and that they ought in the name of commonsense to be ridiculed. But there are also other superstitions, and these are beautiful and impressive in their way. After visiting the placid "city of the dead" in Canton-near to, but not within, the cemetery, with its millions of graves which one sees from the city walls-I felt mole refreshed morally and mentally than 'I have bec-ii after listening to many a sermon in Christian churches. This quaint placeis CHINESE SING-SONG GIRL. I quite the moat poetical and restful ex hibit presented to the gaze of the foreigu devil. In order to enter it, tone has, to apply to the keeper oi' tlie monastery who jealously guards it. The principal door was opened for us with some little cere niouy by the aid of a silver key, indicating possibly that even the Chinese substitute for St. Peter may be susceptible to the influence of the white metal. This enclo sure might really be belter characterized as the antechamber of the dead. The space devoted to burial purposes in Canton, where the customs differ from those in Shanghai, is so limited and overcrowded that the friends of distinguished spirits hive frequently to wait long periods before thev can obtain an eligible piece of ground, with I a good view and an airy situation, in whii h to complete the burial, l'o this end their only hope lies in inducing- some survivor who is greatly pressed with- a need of money to'sell a-tomb to them. - Our veracious guide iiifol'Hud us, however, that this is not the only . reason for keeping' bodies in th<: Oriental midway sphere which is known as- "the city of the dead." We were .shown a huge coffin'-in which were encased the remains of a-Governor of Foo dibtv-which fhad been "ten years in its pie sent. situation, and was. likely to re:i ain there indefinitely "because h s friends werj too busy to bury it." . The real reason *vas, J believe, that etiquette required tint the Mineral rites over the deceased great man should be supervised in person by his eldest son,' and the whereabouts of that son were doubtful. In another case the body of the fatlierof a Chinaman in Adelaide had to be kept above the surface of the earth for sevterjl years until the son'could manage to go."to China to inter it'ih accordance with' traditional customs. In .the whole of tliis establishment there was. no suggestion of vulgarilv. Everything was calm and peace ful: -There was no rude -ostentation, no thing tinselly, iiiot a sign of burlesque. Cells were piovided, each of 'wh.eh accommo dated three coffins. Over every casket were inc-ense and tapers always burning, and some of these tapers were so constructed as to -smoulder for days and even weeks without being rekindled. The coffins were ponderous, and some extremely ex pensive. Thi.it of the Governor of Foocliow cost between £250 and £300. It ivas made of black lacquer more than an inch thick. The casket was shaped so as to represent the C!iiie=e sign for the word longevity-a significant sarcasm, this-like that of the eastern con spirator who advanced to a potentate, cr ed -"0 King, live for ever!" and then stab bed him under the fifth rib. STRANGE CHARACTERS. Presently we viewed the famou-j temple of the Genii or followers of Buddha. These ' figures are all life size, and mostly so ug'y that they might be taken for pictures of devilish -ogres. The guide tojd us, and so did the guide books, that if anybody looked long enough upon these effigies lie would be able to see one representing the exact likeness of his own father; and. that the peculiarities of every possible variation of the human face had been carefully indi cated by the sculptor. If I had been my own parent I shouldliave started a criminal libel action against the guide, but I Was powerless to avenge the deadly insult cast upon tny ancestors. If I had had to ehoo e a internal relative my suffrages would have been cast in favour of one extienie'y athletic gentleman whose.face was wreathed and wrinkled with smiles, whose eyes re minded one of a policeman's lantern, and who was holding a moon in one hand, and -still looking cool and comfortable enough to have supported a few stars in the other while playing 'foobball -with the sun. But the character which interested us most was that of Marco Polo, the great European traveller, who did so much to introduce the Chinese to the vest of the world, and who after "his death was regarded by the Chinamen as a saint, and treated accordingly. I think that Mr. Polo would have chuckled somewhat indeco rously-as it is one eyelid seems tremulous -if he had been told during liis life that he would be known hereafter as "Saint Polo." But, after all, a Celestial saint is not expected to be too painfully holy! TEMPLES EVERYWHERE. We asked for information concerning the number of temples in Canton, and were told that they were legion; but the Chi nese definition of that word" differs from the English, as we found on closer exami nation that there were only 125. In addi tion to-.these'means of worship, however, one sees a shrine at nearly all the corners, and at least a little Joss in every house; and there is not one too many to ade . quately cope with the wickedness of the great city of Canton. The smells of* the place may offer a reason why incense is continually ascending, even from some of . the dingiest, and most ramshackle dwell ings of the poorest among the poor. The temples themselves are gaudy but not beautiful. The impression conveyed is that of a child's cheap toy-nothing substan tial; all veneer. What ornament one does see in the Japanese places of worship is artistic, but in righteous Canton the priests dare not presumably leave any thing valuable exposed for fear lest other thieves besides themselves might act as self appointed business agents of the gods, and liquidate their estates for them. Still the Chinese resemble the Japanese in one re spect at least. They make sacrifices for their reliirion. A wet day might keep them from a sports meeting, but it would not prevent them from attending the Jos* hctiao at the properly appointed times; and they would cheerfully-undergo a little star vation so -that the temple might have its dues. So hopelessly uncivilized are the yel low heathen! 