CHAPTER . n. . A ballroom, crowded almost to suffo cation. A blaze of light and heat. The flash of jewels on fair bosoms arid. arms, and the glitter af gay uniforms. The clear laughter of women, mingled with the deeper voices af men, and above nil the music throbbed In a minor key; of ineffable sweetness. In a window. recess two people sal apart from the throng. The woman toyed llBtles3ly with her fan; and-watched the man's ; stern profile from f under her lowered eyelids. His head, was down bent, hla arms were folded across Ids breast, and Ire seemed absorbed In his own thoughts. This was their third tete-a-tefo since they mcl again after a separation of seven years, during which they had lost sight of each other, and both were conscious of awkwardness and constraint. She recalled him from.dreamland by re marking, gently: : “That ,la. ii beautiful-waltz. ' It used to-be your favorite." r -.He started. ‘T beg your pat-don;" he said, confusedly. 'T am afraid If wax not listening." Whutisit?” ■ ■ . “Sweethearts." The melody floated round them, and something stirred In the man's heart that thrilled him with a sudden pain: and Into the woman’s face crept a softened look that made the tense lines of the mouth relax, and gave It gracious curves and tenderness. "I have not heard if. for a long time,” she said, with a / quick catch !h 'fieri broatli. “Neither have I," he replied. And both thought at.where they had ; heard It last, in tlie shabby flat among the chhnney-tops, opd for the woman that warmly-lit room was peopled with the ghosts of: dead' hopes and mocking memories. . But ha saw.only a pair.of sweet'gray eyes, and the unsatisfied longing, the passionate desire that years of striving after forgetfulness could, riot subdue, awoke to tenfold life. He thought he hajd-atlfled It, killed It, and from, its funeral pile Hove rose again, deathless and triumphant. , . . The dancers passed and relpassedf their mirth-jarring on the silence of the . two In the quiet-'nook. . The motion "of'her. fan- sent ah odori of white violets In his. direction, delicate; fragrant, full of the freshness .of spring hedgerows.. It was Ella’s favorite perfume, and it was inse parably associated with many Incidents of their past comradeship. The wheels of time went backward while he mused, and the present vanished for a space. "Did you dream become a reality?" he asked at lengthi "Not quite," she replied, “I have had disappointments nnd only one success. I overrated m? own powers- Talent 1s not genlUB.” “It to too. soon to acknowledge defeat." “I 3hall. never attain to my Ideal.’.’ she said. In a tono of conviction: “but the disappointment will not crush me. Some one else.will occupy the nicha. In the tom plo of Panto 'which I thought meant for me. The fact that most of my pictures sell, and that I earn a comfortable In come by designing Christmas cards for a first-class firm is a solace to my wounded vanity. Wo learn wisdom as .we grow, older, and youthful vegot!sm drops from tis bit by bit.” ■ ’ . ‘ , "Was I a true prophet?” .‘fYss—partly." • t*IC you- had to.' choose now, which Would you hoid 'fnst—love or ambition?” "Dove,” ph'e-Bald, In a. low voice- and With paling-cheeks- “Who' Would- give the shadow of joy for the substance?".. ; He raised his head and looked at her. .He stretched out his hand arid touched; "Ella/* . “Have you forgotten?” •’No. How could I?" "You cared for me then?” "Always. Prom the very beginning. I know when It Is too late." “My darling!” The words were utter ed under his breath, but she heard, and her eyes were glad. He had been cold and cynical at their previous meetings, Perhaps the presence of strangers ac counted for-lt, or he plight have thought that her former treatment of him mer ited some reproof-some show of displea sure. Now the expression of hla face ; could not he misunderstood, and allefil lowed her,hand fo rest in .his, and .won dered If over woman' In this world 'had. such cause for gratitude;. feeling, too. In the glow of her boundless happiness a thrill of pity for those who. did not know what it was to bo loved by him. It was even possible to. think of the yearn that were gbne without being un duly saddened. They had .matured, and strengthened her Judgment. They had witnessed the dally building-up of the love that crowned her life with perfec tion; -and-they had.-’taught hpr lessons, of patience and self-control. . In the blissful future to be spent ,v/lth Ralph fiht; would malte amends for any sorrow her wilfulness had caused hini "Do.y.ou enjoy this kind of thing?" Hs nodded towards the brilliant throng, and. spoke like one who, la ill at ease and 'troubled. - - - • '.‘Now and then; to rolleve the same ness of existence; but with mo a little glilety goes a long way. On the whole I prefer work." : . „ ‘ \ - •Tou always had a superfloua stock of energy,’.'he said with a smile. "And you were correspondingly loay,” she retorted. Ho; released her hands, and bent for ward; a curious, dull, resignation effac ing- the brightness that Went ao.qulckly os It came., "Ella,' why,did you let me go?” \ "Because i was foolish and wayward;" :. "We were both to blame. I should have persevcred.instead of taking you at iyour word; v 'Ypu.should have been lest obstinate...; Well, tbereiip no use-inila-] irfentlngr. -When we. make- , a.-.hldcouh bungle/of our lives, we must be prepare od to abido, by. the. consequences.” “I—I don’t understand,” she faltered, uplifting pleading eyes and shivering slightly. A ehlll premonition of evil crept over her, turning the warm blood In her veins to lee. Surely they had no thing to fear, now tiiat they were re halted and he loved her still? Yet why was he so pale, and stern, and wrath ful?' “You. are angry with me, Ralph." . "With you?" he said, remorsefully. "No; hut with myself. I have been 'ChySraaiWond erucl.I might have guard .cilt,my. tongue better, and spared you 'triis'pafnpbtit I swear to you, Ella, that 1 forgijt,.. r, ritfcmbcrcd only that we n'??fc«’S^o(A!tlitir» £ud a brief delirium con clrithTid senSoiipd reason.. Think gently of me.JK' feiu-'ean. Believe me when I i^ayv'tlitA T-wotild give the remaindei- of 'tPy-ljJiM'o recall .what I sakl to-night— to undo wluit 1 did two years ago In a fit of angry rebellion against fate." She stood up and laid one band gently on Ids arm. His words had no mean ing Tor her, but she saw that he was miserable and needed comfort. ■ A woman parted the palm branches In front of their retreat, and stood looking [ from one to (he other with an amused^ Indulgent smile. I "I have been .searching everywhere for j you," she said In a high-pitched voice, ! with a decided and not unpleaalng Yan kee iwahg. "Won’t you Introduce me, ; The two women- exchanged' gtanoea. and . at the sight of the .ex quisitely dressed stVitnger a ’ wave of crimson swept ’ across ’ Ella's face, and fading left It wlitfe and cold. That perfect self- possession and air of proprietorship, together with Ralph’s uneasy countenance, enlightened her.a little; but stilt the'- shock was severe, when, after an awkward pause, he said nervously— “My wife—Miss Trcnte." She did not wince. She took It quietly, unemotionally to all appearances, as we sometimes take a stroke that alms at the root of our most cherished dVesirns,: pur dearest desires: though we may, whim per at the pin pricks like utter cotvards. "I am so pleased to meet 'you,"'sakl MraI.ester,graeiounly.”Our hostess often speaks, of you, and your pictures are Just too sweet for anything. We must pay a visit to Miss Tronle's studio, Ralph. How nought^ of you not to tell me that you were bid acquaintances!" He was silent, and to hover his dls eomtlture Ella made'some trite remark that turned the conversation into less persona! channels. It was a ghastly farce trying to appear Interested and' animated, "but It came to an end at last. ' "I'm heal sorry a, bad neuralgic attack kept me from knowing "you sooner," said the voluble. American with a gen-’ iiine outburst of good nature asshe took leave of Ella. ‘' ’/ : ' “We mean t« stay here for six months, and you’ll' let me he your friend, won't you? I used to think clever people were naturally disagreeable, but you’re downright nice. I declare. If Ralph hasn’t gone oft looking as sulky as a bear. There! Good-bye again, Miss Trenle, or rather, au revolr." "You are tired, murmured Grannie, softly, stroking the brown, head, that rested on her lap. "Was It a grand affair?” "Very;” ... ^“Dld you meet anyone you knew last “A great, many. Ralph was there." ."Ah!" The old woman's anxiety was plainly evident, and she waited for what1 was to eofne next: but Ella was unusu ally silent, and. tile gentle drip of the rain upon the windows sounded loud in the -silliness.-.. "Were you talking to him?” "Oh, yes. We had a long ebat.” “Well, dtktr?"—Impatiently. . She dlow the' wrinkled, face, down to , hers, and kissed 11. . ; ' ' . ' : . ’ ' \- "I am.going to remain with you, Gran nie, so you may stop,planning and hop ling. ’.There are no. birds , In last year’s 