SAYS THE CLERK. Those who bent know our worthy toivnsnian, ' Mr. Jnmea Samuoln, of Macuuuriu Viow, would na eoon havo mispoctod him of a rich ' vem of irony tut nought for n lodu of tin in . tho alaua of Pentolicua. But you novor . know. Mr. SamuelH in a truntco of tho local Mochnnicn IiiHtituto, hut ho vorv ntvalv ' attondn cninmitteu luootingn. Tiioao had uot . know" linn for two yearn or moro until hurt ' Wodnondny, when tho committoo had tho jilonnuro of wolcoming him. With n' nly humour of which ho linn not boon nltogothor! unsuspected ho oho.no to posoan a ponitont. Whon ho got n chnnco lio addrennod tho meeting, nnd mado n full confonnion of hin ' Hinful nlmro in tho onihroglio ronrweting the- nito of tho old Post Ollico Uoto|, Ho con.- ' tritely nvotvod Iiin mnisninn of duty na n' " truntoo. No blnmo could bo too heavy, ho nnid, for ono who hnd trnnngrvnaod na ho had Although tbat nita win unolonn to tho Inatituto and nubjoct to Inundation, ho should not' ' havo boon a, party to lotting it on a building - ' lonac, Wlien thoy got tlto nito it wna not ' worth a five-pound note, and now it wna. valued ut £300 Ho wna roajronaiblo for all r tlua, and could novor forgivo himself. Ho - luui a beautiful wntorecnpo, showing- tho promiaos pnrtinllv submorgod by tho turbid ' Hood wntum of tho Macquario, nnd norhnris ' It was thia occasional wator frontago thnt onhancod its valuo. If bo, ho shouldered tho " responsibility liko n man, nnd wns gratoful''' ' that tho bonign Govornmont lutd not o meter! . , a Hovoror penalty thnn to tako away his trust. Aftor tho fashion of dovout Romans, ho metaphorically struck his bronst and oriod, i ''Meacuhia, men culpa, mea maxima cultis."' , Mr, Taylor, a co-trustco of tho ponitont! sought to solaco him by ruminding him that " tlio trustees had only dono what thoy hod " boon diroctod to do by tho committoo of tho ' Bko Rachel weoifing for her ohildron, Mr. Samuels would not bo com-' forted. Tlio humour of tho tiling lios in tho fnct that tlio persons shrowdly suspijotod of linvmg invoiglcd Mr. Samuols to tlio mooting took him sonousiy, nnd roioicod at him doing pubho iionnnco. Tho light did not pormit hem to soo tho morxy twmklo in tho choorful. okcr a oyo as ho procoedod with his exquisite ' irony. 1 . . Cicoro, in his dolightful essay on "Old' ' Ago, wrote without angor but witli just a " porcoptiblo soupoon of sorrow thnt old ago ' was naturally prono to gnbblo. If his sliada woro pormittcd to rovisit thoso palo elimiwos of tho moon ho would probably soo tho ' nocossity of ro-oditing his statomont. Woro ' somo obliging townsman, to havo takon tho old Roman apparition around town on Wed- . uosday night what ho saw would havo -con- - vincod him thatthonntural proponsity tocnoklo " was no longor so much a characteristic of thoso' i who havo reached tho autumn of lifo ns of ' tho .young bloods revelling in tho glorious ! Hprmgtidu of thoir existence, At tho local Lyceum ho would havo found a group of mon ' ussomblcil in cnuforunco on n gmvu and mtricatc problem. Vonorablo aud auciept " men,' whose hoods hnd becomo frosted l>y tho passage of timo uud thoir nnxiotics for tho wolfaro of tho town to which they hod. for yean unselfishly sacrificed thomsolvc?, woro there, sitting uliko ft party In a parlour all silent and oil dntnncd. " Thoy betrayed no sign of oxubornnt verbosity. On tho othor band, tho pin-foathorcd fiodghog of tho group might bo hoard crowing and cackling unceasingly-; propounding schemes of nmr- vellotw grandiloquence but of littlo thought ; berating tho elders and bolauding them- solves, and finally solving to thoir own satisfaction tho problem, ovor which tho eldors j Hindered, with tho samo facility as thcr rcapcctivo grandmothers woro wont to extract the nourishing juices of tho succulent egg. Thonco the civil townsman might havo loa tho dojectod Cicoroninn shade to tho Pantheon in Ghuroh-stroot, whore, as tho soqiiel to a monster jubiloo, tho priests woro lifting up their voices in prayer and nraiso. Here tno scone is equally sad. To the accompaniment of incossant juvonilo chatter tho voice of thanksgiving and supplication aroso, but was nufipoated in tho babel buforo it had a possible chanco of reaching tho crystal gates of Jovo. In vain did tlio priest cry " Poaco," but tho chnttorors know not the word. Thoir own voicot mndo entrancing music for thein, and thoy could not listen. Old .men, indood, may be naturally loquacious still, but they havo no show with tho young men, and the ghost of tho Roman orator ana essayist would havo to admit that at tho ond of the nineteenth century ho found in Dubbo reason to corroct in soino rcspocts his classic on "Old Ago." I would vonturo to draw tho attention of tho polico authorities to tho quarrel bobwoun tho socrotaries of the Bathurnt and Dubbo Tennis Clubs. In tho good old days ore chivalry was doad, for ono gentleman to Allego that nnothur wasn't such, gonomlly resulted in tho ordor of pistols for two and coffeo for one, and wlion in tho gray of dawn they took train for a nico eooluded spot whero tho satisfaction duo from ono gontlc- mnn to Another for such an insult could bo bnaotod without fear of interruption, it was not usual for oithor party to indulge in the unnecessary extmvaganco of purchasing a return tiokofc. Now-o-days tho vigilance of our pcaco officers is roliod upon to provont theso bloody meetings in tho causo of woitndod honour, and the chivalry tlint would prompt thom is gonorolly crushed by a summons to show causo why tho intending duellists should not bo bound ovor to koop tho peace. Those who know tho trueulont secretary of tho Dubbo Tonnis Club know what n risk tho Bathurst nocrotary runs wnon no says tno acts 01 tno tormor arc not those of a gontlcmaii. It in gonorally under stood that Mr. Smith is, wnon insulted, as fomciotiA as tho British lion in mortal combat with tho apocryphal unicorn. Tho Bathurst polite lutter writer might also, for ought I know to tho contrary, be a firo-cator, and if so it is hard to sea how a tmgody can bo pre vented. Mr. Smitb, as tho insultod party, has tho choice of location and of weapons, and as ho will probably not bo ablo to got leave of absonco for tho purpose will pos sibly choose some spot no adjacent that ho will bo ablo to finish off his opponont and return in timo for breakfast. Tho picturesque flat at tho junction of tho two rivora might be ohoson and .this hint will doubt less not bo wasted on tho authorities. Of course thoro is anothor viow of tho affair that may spoil this whole plan of campaign. Mr. Smith, whoso courtesy is woll Known, can aflbrd to troat with contompt tho outpour ings of a portion whose incapacity to norooivo the logic of his own facts is painful, and whoso noauaintanoo with tho otnics of polite lottor writing is palpably olomontary Ho can certainly do so with honour. Maybo then Mr.. Howo may fool disposod to call out Mr. Slornnn. As things stand thoro should l>o at least one oxchango of shots in tho causo of honour. Why has not Dubbo, liko Coonnmblo, Orange, and other littlo places, a Choss Club ? As an indoor recreation Chess cannot bo sur passed. It combines tho intolloctual with the pieasurablo so successfully that thoro is no wondor that thoso who play it novor fail to bo faacinatod. Tho faculty of montal concentration is stimulated and dovolopod loss irksomely than by any othor process I know of. Usually tho disoiplino of tho mind is effected only by a tedious and Vexatious process, bub wnon tho game of Chess is usod for this doairahlo purpose it becomes as easy as swallowing a sugar-coated pill. Occasion ally tho particular faculty of concentration is unfolded at tho expense of others and thoro is produced n Choss crank. Ho in, howovor, always tho rosult of ovordoing it, and cannot be debited to tho rational uso of tho gaino any more than tho gontle Golf lunAtio can l>o ciaimod as tho natural product of healthy practioo at the links. Compared with pro gressive Euchro, which latoly had a certain vogue, Choss has overwhelming superiority. Indcod, since I saw throe black follows nlay- ' ing "cut throat Euchro" on tho minus at Bunglogumhio Drift for plugs of tobacco I havo wondorod how tho gamo could ovor BOCUrU u puriuiuiuiiv |wim) an «iiu jiiwwuiu.1 wi peoploofmoro than aboriginal # intelligence. An nn adjunct to our Mechanics' Iiwtituto a Chess Club wottld, I lroliovo, bo a success, for thoro oro many jiroficiont ylnyora resid ing hero. Such a Club would bo a boon to married men. Chess doos not cnccumRO volublo conversation, and tho Club would nupply mo r Bonodiok with a dolightful' cliango from homo lifo. Ho could rost thoro and lio thankful tlint ho had at Inst n plsco to which ho could rosort without linving to lint onduro n cstochism at tho tonguo of n auspicious consort nnd from which ho could return without tho nocossity of purchasing n clovo. A dramatic incident occurred lust Sunday In a local ohurch. A oongrcgation thst had boon for tho past twenty yoars struggling in tho octopus grip of a hugo bank ovordraft had tho satisfaction of Booing thoir rovored pastor tear into fragments tho aocuritios which tho bonk hod hold for ropoymont during n score of woary yearn. For a long period tho ottbrtn of tho parishionora to surmount thoir liability had boon us vain as thoso of Siayphut to roll n liugo stono to tho flummlt of a high mountain in tho Kingdom of Pluto. Ho hail boon condomnod for a ( doplornblo want of fidelity ond honour to i tills weary taak by Pluto, who contrivod that \- j,wt aa tbo stono approochod tho summit it ; escaped from tho wretched Sisyphus and ' roliod back to tho foot of tho mountain. No AUrcease 01 luiiuur urui wwuu w uiitj ou .... as I know, ond ho inny bo toiling yot. Tho congregation, struggle as tlicy might, always found thoinselves at tho foot of a hum) mountain of interest, which thoy hardly tackled with tho desperate oarnostnoss of tho , mythological convict, and woro at tho point of despairing whon a Doua ox machina in tho person of tho Very Rov. John Dunno camo to thoir assistance. After four yoars of self- sacrificing real, tho heroism of which will probably novor bo fully known, Father Dunno extricated his congregation from tho toils, and it is no wondor that ho spoke with emotion whon ho fold his ponplo Inst Sunday that tho Roman Cstholio Church of Dubbo that day wa b absolutely froo of debt, and confirmed his statement By first reading nnd thon dramatically destroying on tlio altar n tci»s tho dooumonts dohvorod up by tlio sstliifiod liank. A ohurch without a dobt is naw-a-daya a novelty, and in congratulating his flock Father Dunno did not forgot to remind thorn that tho gonorouo liolp of othor denominations through their patronage of tlio bazaars, and other moans adopted for bring ing about this novel rosult, should always bo gratefully remembered. But tlio congre gation and thoir friends of othor denomi nations will, I think, maintain that tho visible workor of tho joyful miracle was futhof Dunno himself. 