SHORT STORY. A NOVELIST'S SWEETHEABT. . Brandon Clou&,author, satOQ the edge of •his bed and gazed in dismal despair at ' the 'upturned sole of his boot. On the table lay an almost completed novel, whose progress had received a dual wcbeek. Firstly, the supply of paper bad b«- -come exhausted, which, secondly, Allowed the author time to think of the woman he loved ; .and this always made him so utterly ^miserable that he • could not bring his thoughts to bear upon anything but the apparent hopelessness of the state of man. " Well, Brandon, my boy," he mused, bit* łerly,- "«you've reached the end at ljaBt. AsBBts l Jd ; liabilities, an, empty stomach, and a l^^lady's bill for £10 3s 2d." The end of the month found him in a •worse plight than ever. Something had to ' be done, that was very plain ; but what ? He sat down at the table to think the matter Over, though he had done so 'before many times. There must be a . way out of the pickle somewhere ; but where ? He had thought of suicide before, but he was young and, clung to life, bad as it was ; living more on hope than-substance. ' The only other alternative was starvation, nnd. this he considered worse stilL He eould nothave labored .manually, if he had got work to do, for having been born in the purple, he had always counted poverty out oi his life, BO had learned no trade. He dropped into his chair again and picked up the manuscript -of his novel, .How beautifully and smooth it read ; whet a grand plot it was ; an^ywhat a character was the poor, struggling, ambitious, loving journalist— A Fin-de-siecle Fool." Ah 1 If he could bat finish it. No more starvation, no more lying to widow landladies, uo more dreaming of the woman he lo.ved but would not inarry. \- While he «at thinking of what might be there came a knock at the door, uo timid th<;it he did not notice it until it was repeated thrice. " The landlady," he thought, without rising. However, it was not the partly form of the widow that met E ran don'n gaze when the door -opened, but a sweet little vision of j girl enwrapped in sables. He started to • jj&rt; feet, with an exclamation, as she catne : lathe room, the smile on her "face lighting up the apartment like a ray of summer sunshine. ;, My dear Minnie," he cried, as he offered .her a chair and relieved her .of her muff and boa, 44 what in the world induced you to come here?" "jQurioijity and—love ; but " "^Curiosity ! Seveu-eighths of a woman's nature ! It has ruined many a woman and; " ••iNow it's,going to save a»man," she interposed, with a smile, which died from her «eyes as sbe glanced around the room. " You ,don|t appear to be very comfortable here. Bed and sitting- room combined, and no fire. You. said in yo ur letter that you were mak- . śng ^our fortune. That is not .true." Brandon was seated At the end of the itabis looking at nwthing in particular. "Perfectly," he Answered, shifting uneasily. : 44 Only, you know, Minnie, it's slow •work j therè Are so many at the game, and J never waft clever." " IYÔÙ have grown pessimistic. Poor Brandon 1" and she caught his hands. Hów cold you are ! Why don't you have A fir| ? " The author did not answer, 4 Oh, I understand," she said, in a low .sympathetic voice, " No wood, no coals, no monèy, eh? " and she earesBed his hand fondly. " You have not made much progress on the royal road," " JJon't you understand, Minnie, I have endeavored to earn my own living honestly, .- end^vojœd to, lie independent of any man, And C'want tojcontinue so. There are enough, parasites in the world. It has been a bit * "of a. struggle, I'll admit, but Ï have grown v accustomed to it." Brandon, 1 " was Minnie's solemn response. Want to show you the folly of your in- \- âeôpndfince. Did you think I could not r#ad the lines of your letter to me ? A ^liï^îfrho making his fortune, or who is ^IBÉÉMW^1* 0 living and has hopes for the ||pjiQe8 not implore the woman he loves and marry some other man. ^ranSoBjdotyou love me?" She placed herhands upon his shoulders and looked up! Hé shut Sis eyes for a moment, his- lips quivered, and he did net .speak, bat he > smoothed her fair hair softly. " Then you willoome away with me,'' she pleaded. f You will sink your foolish spirit of pride and'iridependeiice, and make me a. happy woman," and she nestled her head on his arm. " Îîot long ago, when you were rich, you loved me, and we were to be married ; but when you lost all in those wretched companies, you would not be my husband, though my fortune is ample for us both. "I wish I could swallow my wretched pride, but I cannot. I could not live on your mciney in your house. My inmost feelings would cry shame at me ; my position would be unbearable ! " Minnie shivered. " You are cold ? " he asked. She nodded. " Well, you had better be going," and he handed her her furs. " It is so kind and good of you Minnie, but—but I'll try a little longer for that fortune," and the ghost of a smile lingered on his face for an instant., " I'suppose I could not help you in any way, Brandon? May I leave my chequebook?" The question was put very hesitatingly, and while the inner man cried 44 Yes," in piteous accents, the outer gentleman declined the kind offer with â courteous firmness. "I have read several of your short stories," Minnie said, as she pulled on her gloves, " and I think they are really clever. But yon ought to try something big—a three-volume novel." 4 They are going out of fashion, and, besides, they take such a time. One can scribble off short stories like nursery rhymes, and the return is quick. • He-referred tô tue return of the manuscript j she thought he meant payment. 4 Bat here," he went on rapidly, going to the table and taking up hia unfinished book —" here is a novel I have almost cutuple'-ed. None of your ordinary drivai, but realism, and that is the deinmdof the hour. It w'U not be moro than 40,000 word», and I ain confident of its success." " When you finish your book, B-andon," she advised, "send it to irvine aud Irvine. .They will publish it in their ' uom- de-pluuvi' series. You will ha ve an eccentric, idiotic poster all to yourself in the new art style, and the puzzle of the hour will be : 'What is the wrirer 1 s utme ? la it a he or a she ? ' Then, when the papers have-criticised your book, praised it, slated it, and discussed it for all is worth, your real name will be discovered j interviewers will regard you as a special prize ;. your photo, will be attempted in the half-penny eveniug news-sheet, and yon will be fa mous." tier throat barned while she spoke ; her voice was very dry, and her bonhomie artificial. 4 4 Good-bye, good-hye t " At the open door they stood looking into each other's eyes, with clasped hands. "Kiss me, Brandon ; a last kiss." He bent and pressed his lips to hers, then turned quickly away as she hurried downstairs and home, and sat in his «hair far into the evening, the most miserable man on earth. It was about a week later, and Brandon was still in his lodgings. His landlady had informed him immediately after Minnie's visit that someone had-settled a long-standing debt ; so he need not worry over his little account. He blessed her; she passed the blessing on to Minnie Horton. He sat at the table, his head in his hands, endeavoring to think out his novel,' but he could not compose a single sentence, for On the news-sheet spread out before him. there, danced in the blackest of type a paragraph which had paralysed all the energy within him. Minnie was to be married ! She had taken him. at his word, and would wed yonng Percy Olcott in three months' time., Well, that ended it. The one ray of hope that had made his existence bearable had been flashed from his life, and death was the only panacea. Poison, hanging, drowning, or a bullet—-anything to get of the world quickly. And -he had .loved her so much. Of course it was his own choice ; if he could only have conventionally murdered his pride and laughed in the world's face, he inight have been .happy with the woman he loved, but he could not, and now he could not live. Thus ran his reflections, when the landlady brought him a letter, written on perfumed yellow paper. He recognised the handwriting at ouce. It was from Minnie, andconfirmed thô newspaper item. She retained his ringk as a keepsake. . H Denotgiję away, tp« ^diculons passi 00 ." bardenfeU' as he read ,the*rords ag*i»« Not hé! Why Shoqld he? Alusthis life be suddenly extinguished, hie hopes dispelled* because he had lost the love, of one woman f There were scores of others—all beautif SI, all loving, all good—no, some good ; and when he was famous- Ah I that was it—when he was famous ! He had struck the ^ right chord, and his whole being sprang into a furious blaze of ambition—à desire to cheat the woman whom he thought had jilted him. and laugh at her in mockery and triumph. He walked his room feverisHly, his hands clencied and his lips set tight, while the fire of ambition forged his determination and withered his love. By heavens, he would be famous f Bar and night he would toil at that book until it was finished, and then -7-then his triumph t Yes, that was it ; work, work, and forget her ; and he pitched the dainty note into the fire and commenced. He unfroze, all his energy returned, all his thoughts rushed back upon him and fell over each other as his pen raced across the paper. In a few days his book was ready for the publishers. Brandon received a reply from Irvine and Irvine within two days. This was a revelation that astounded him. But what surprised him Btill more was the fact that the publishers wished to see him. It was a pity Minnie had been so hasty, Brandon thought, as ho Consumed Irvine's note, time after time. Fortune and fame were written all over him ; and if he only had her. At least, be ought to write and congratulate her on her engagement. He wondered, with a mean exultation, what she would feel like ; if she would turn white when she read of his success. So he sat flown to write, but, remembering that all eggs did not turn out chicks, he deferred it until he had seen the publishers. After the interview he was mad with himself because he had not written, for Irvine aud Irvine paid him £300 down for nil the rights of his book. lio w he walked hjmé 1'rotu their oliiae he never knew, aud ne wonderęd why lie lud not cabbed it. lie remembered changing the cheque at the b&nk;, buying a sniLLiug cigar, which he enjoyed with great gusto, and vie-iting his tailor's, where he purch-is^d a ready-made suit, aud was measured for various others. Of course, he would have to change his lodgings now. He could not entertiin interviewers in his present garret. Nothing under a Kensington flat or a villa at tit, Juhii'ts Wood would satisfy him. Arrived home, he desired to wipe off jUis debts with the landlady at once, showering carelessly upon the table in her beat parlor a handful of gold, the sij^at of which took all the breath from the old lady's body. C5he was in no hurry, however. There was a visitor upstairs wsyting for him. 4 1 A man ? " gaapeo. Brandon, with a sinking heart, as his mind iiew to interviewers. But it was a lady, as .he quickly discovered, and that lady, Minnie. His heart beat rapidly, his breath came quickly, hi! eyes gleamed brightly, and he was about to catch her in his arms when he remembered that she belonged to another, and the memory crushed him. He endeavored to Bpeak, Wt a sudden attack of aphakia stilled his tongue, and he sank into a chair and covered his face with his hands, while the lump that had risen in his throat almost choked him. " Aren't you well, Brandon f " Mionie inquired, alarmed at his appearand, . She placed her small hand lovingly upon his burning forehead, but he winced at the touch as though it was something that hart him. " Are you ill, dear ? " and she sank on her knees and strove to pull hie hands from his face. « It was only a joke, darling, only a joke," she oried, piteously, her eyeB wet with tears. # «I am not going to marry Olcott." « Brandon eat upright suddenly, his face very white. 4 You are not? " as he caught her wrists in a'frantic grasp. " No, no l Forgive me, dearest. I thought if I told you that, you would fancy I was happy, and so be able to work. You said BO." Brandon sighed deeply,. bent and kissed her. '<1 might have killed myself," he re*, marked, presently. • 4 1 You had too much pride." She was smiling now. ; « But why have you come here again ? " asked Brandon. " You never wrote to me, Brandon, thought, I——-" « You feared I would do what you kne| I would not That'.s like * -frojnan I M an^ 4 he laughed lightly. 4 But it is all .over no Minnië. I have completed my book anjj, sold it to Irvine's for £300. The announ^ ment of your engagement kicked my prid^e so hard that I had tb do something despei,^ ate." ! Minnie was a splendid actress. " • ; "What?" craning forward, with one hand on her lover's shoulder ; " £3001 You darling," and she kissed, him eagerly. • 44 Yes, and there's more to follow. They are certain it will be a success, and they claim the refusal of all my other works. God bless you, Minn ! But for you—you've got to share this with me ! " He threw the gold and notes upon the table, but the girl shrank back. 4 No, no, Brandon, your brains earned it ; it is all yours. Yes i We will share it, and all that is to come. No refusaf; you proposed it." They were married within a month, but 4 A Fin—de-siecle Fool " was not a success. Indeed, it was an utter failure ; and one paper remarked that Messrs. Irvine and Irvine had better close up if that was the best rubbish they could secure. How Minnie laughed at the great unknown scribe who penned those lines ! Like Brandon, hę never knew that Minnie liortqn was the real publisher of the volume ; that she paid Hrandon the £300, and that she published all his following effusions. Brandou works merrily ; writes four hours each day, and sells each book as it is finished. Strange to relate, many of his worka are out of pùnt. Though paid for, they have never been published. Occasionally fie determines to trot round to Irviue's and inquire wnat they men oy suca scandalous couduct ; but when this tit seizes him, Miuaie always uaa MOtnothing for nim to do, and he always duett it. 