IN THK I.ATTKH DAYS Ol* SElttiEAXT HAIXANTYXE. There ave innumerable stories of famous Temple .students who have become eminent nt the Bar. 1 nm not going to repeat any of them in this series of vacation Cigar- ettes, bul Mr. Thorpe relates an incident of the bitter days of Sergeant Ballantyne t hut. is. new to me. Thc Sergeant is a very recent Temple ghost. Most of iny readers will remember bim. He was a i popular member of thc Cnrriek and the Union clubs, rarely missed an opportunity ¡of supping at Kvans's, where I mot bim more than once during my first days in I town. Ile made more money at thc Bar probably than any of his contemporaries, I und squandered il with n recklessness that became simply stupid. Though a bachelor, be had several establishments ; and though io lawyer, many a sharper gol money out of him. Ile WBR a genia) kind of cynic, 'though not what you would call a lovable man. Those who knew him intimately spoke of him ns a delightful companion. I That one so capable of picking out the weaknesses of other men's conduct should Ixi so utterly incapable of managing his own ittfairs is one of those curious anoma- lies of life that amaze sober- minded people, while they tend to level genius with the trowd. One of our most gifted vocalists, who. in his time has made money enough to buy a little kingdom, is in anything but htflucnt circumstances ; and Sergeant Bal- lantyne in bis dii-liniug days waa finan- cially assisted by his friends. Mr. Thorpe's story of bim is Rn illustration of char- acter that one admirés. Al thc close of bis («i'i-er H subscription was got up for him timi amounted to some £700 a-ycar. Ono subscriber offered C150 u-ycar on con- dition Hint the Sergeant would withdraw from u certain club, which was I lie one pleasure of his life. "Of course the amount wa* not enough ; no amount would have been enough." \Vben a similar sub- scription was mnde for Charles James Fox, and t herc were fears of hurting Jiis feel- ings, some one asked Selwyn how he thought Fox would luke it. " Why quar- terly, of collrae." t 