Notes. We regret to announce tho death of Vory Rev. Father Patrick Duff, late parish priest ofjDonabate The sad event took place on Waster Sunday morning. The deceased pastor had reached his 83rd year. He will, be long remembered by the people of Rush and its neighbourhood for his heroic devo tion to the dying in the terrible days of the cholera epidemic. The Ofh'oe and solemn Requiem Mass for the repose of his soul took. Elaoe on Wedneeduy at II o'clock at Dona ate. At a meeting of the shareholders of the ' Independent' Newspaper Company, Mr. William Field, M.P., presiding, the follow ing resolution was passed:— 'That ib has been proved to tho satisfaction of this meet ing that the Company cannot, by reason of iU liabilities, continue its business, and that it is a visnble to wind up the same, and ac cordingly that tho Company be now wound up voluntarily.' A Drcgheda correspondent writes that general regiet was felt amongst all sections, of the citizens of Drogheda when it became known on Saturday that Mr. Patrick Man gan had passed away at the residence of his father, Mr. John Mangan, T. C, Dublin! Gate. Mr. Mangan was a well-known athlete, invariably taking first place at the athletio meetings in the motropolis and in the provinces uf Leinster and Ulster. He took a leading part in Drogheda and the counties of Louth and Meath in forming blanches of the Gaelio Association. The* deepeBt sympathy is felt with his father, so well known as Forster's suspeob Mayor of Drogheda, and ono of the oldest and most thorough-going Nationalists in Ireland. Rev. Father Robert Tobin,jO.S.Sp.,1who8o death is announced from Tusoan, Arizona, was born benoath the shadow of Slievnamon, in bhe county Tipperary, on September 1, 1885\. Whilst still young ho entered Rookwoll. College as a day student. Soon, however, he tired of his long and weary pony ride of 15 miles tosohool, and determined to become a boarder. Reoolved as a soholastio, ho was transferred in the fall of '70 to Black rook College, where he finished his olassioal and philosophical studies. In 1882 he entered the thoologioal seminary of the' Order ab Chevilly, near Paris, Franoe. Ho was ordained priosb in 1880, and in bhe fol lowing yoar, on bho Fuast of tho Immaou late Heart of Mary, he made the throe vows of religious profession. Aftor a visit to his home and frionds ho was assigned to Pitts burgh College of the Holy Ghost. As a protessor of anoient classioB and English he aovotod himself with untiring zeal to the' advancement of his pupils, and was loved and esteemed by thorn in return. Without trial there is no opportunity of discipline, restraint, or resignation — tilings to bo learned only by practice. Tho new biography of Amoroso de Lisle is responsible, for the dolioious story that Cardinal Manning made Purooll hia bio grapher to atono for tho virtual suppression of a pewspapor onoo edited by Mr. Puraell. Of oourso, Manning never roally did sup press Purooll's newspaper} but the Idea, thab his Emlnenao would havo righted a wrong by inviting tho injured person to danod jigs upon his gravo appoals to one's boiibo of humour. Ab Purooll's work soeais doBtinod to i'omain for long tho only ambi tious attempt ab a rooord of Manning's life, ib may be well bo stato the faots aubhenbi oally. I Purooll hud boon half- hostile to tho Cardinal, and ho was also in roduaod olr oumsbunoos ; bo whon ho appoared at tho Arohblshop'a house ono day saying that ho had boon commissioned by a publisher to wrlbo' Manning's Anglican llfo, bho groab heat bod prelabo furnished him with a cer tain amount of matorlal j none of which,, howovor, was oonlidontial. Thon Manning dlod, and Purooli ' appeared ' boforo tho executors of tho Cardinal aa his appointed biographer,' In this way bhe private papors ana bho most aaorod oonfidonoos of tho groat ArohblHhop paHsml into unfrlondly hands k-' bo lined in tho manner now familiar to tho publlo It waa ulmply a oaso oMitorary outlawry, and tho leas said about It by Mr. Purooll'a friends bhe bettor. 