CONNUBIAL BUSS. MOTHERS OF ENGLAND. Better than college honours, Better than platform applause, Is to be the mother of gallant men '*-- Guarding Great Britain's shores. ' '*'-. Better than Woman's Suffrage, . .; Better than visible might, Is a mother's hand on the son's life holm, Steering his course aright. - ? Better than pulseless monument, Better than public acclaim, Is to live again in a noble son, True author of his fame. Mothers, dear mothers of England, . Best bulwarks of Britain's shore, Guarding our country's greatnoss, With your motherhood strong and pure. Arming our English manhood With the breastplate of your love, With the sword of national righteousness, The helmet of prayers heard above. Mothers, dear mothers of England, The angola might envy your might, The.might of a woman's weakness ? '\ When blent with the courage of right. ' ' AN ABSENT MAN'S WEDDING DA-Y.. When John Kemble, the great tragedian, was married, he went to the theatre in the evening, and acted as usual, and it was re marked, with as much self-possession and tranquility as before. This was a great proof of the wonderful command that John Kemble had over all the springs of passion, quelling or pouring them forth at will; but the real faot was that he had forgotten all about the marriage, for after the play was over,' instead of going home to his new better-half.and the friends who were waiting to take a parting glass, and wish him over so much happiness, ' he went to his bachelor's homo; and-the. ; friends were astonished when ten o'clock' came, and he was to be at home, that no John arrived, neither at eleven or at twelve. Off to the theatre three of them sallied. ' Mr. Kemble left at half-past nine.' . ' Where did he go to, sir 1' ? t ' He was driven to the Temple.' Perhaps he had gone to take a garcon's farewell, and was lingering yet fondly over the remains of the bachelorhood. Arrived at the 'door of- the chambers, the bell was pulled once, twice, thrice, with no result, and they were on the point of going away when the window opened, and the great John . asked, as he might of the ghost of pana Hamlet. ' ' Who is there ?' ' Why, Kemble, what are you doing there 1 We have been expecting you these three hours, and your wife, Mrs. Kemble, is distracted,' ' My wife ?' replied John. 'What ? Yes, . I remember. I had forgotten it.' And the innocent John soon let in his friendB. Quito' forgetting the morning's engagement to enact the part of husband for life, he had gone homo to bed, tallowed his nose, and waB quietly tucked in for the night. What Mrs. J. K. said when he was brought home, deponent said not. ?--++ --??- ? ?- Mrs. Gadd— I saw y'r husband on th* street yesterday. He looked very solemn, I thought. Has he got religion ? Mra. Gabb- No-o ; it's only dyspepsia. ?.'?????.++ ????._? ;-v-; A henpecked husband Baid in extenuation of his wife's raids upon his scalp, ' You see she takes her own^hair off so easily, she doesn't know how it hurts to have mine pulled out,' ' ? ' ' A Bible expounder, in speaking of Adam, said: «' When Adam awoko from his first sleep he discovered Eve. I may here bo apropos to remark, that he was ' on tho evo of a great discovery. ' But it turned out that Adam '8 first sleep was his last repose.' When Brigham Young received the boxes ? containing the important silk, dresses and cashmere shawlB for his thirty wives, he said to a friend: ' Ah, if you knew the cost of these goods you would not believe for a mo ?uent that I practised polygamy as an earthly pleasure. No, sir! it is with mo a stem duty.' ?'..-..' ++ .'??° .' ..' . ' Henry,' cried Mrs. Von Toodles, grasp- ' ing her somnolent husband by the arm. ' Henry, there are burglars in the house. Get up and go down. ' ' ' . ' Utter nonsense, my dear,' returned Henry. ' You: wouldn't have a man of my social position associating with burglars, . would you 1 You astonish me. ' . ? ++ ? In King George II's time Lord E ? — married three wives, who were all his ser vants; a beggar woman meeting him one day in the street; made him a very low curt sey. 'Ah, God- Almighty bleBS you,' said she, 'and send you a long life; if you do but live long enough I may be lady E ? .' ?...?++?' ' ' ' ? Domestic Troubles.— 'A nice husband you are! ' said Madame in a passion. ' You care less about me than about those pet animals of yours. Look what you did when your poodle, Azor, died.'1 ?'. Husband (quietly): Well, I had him stuffed. Wife' (exasperated): You wouldn't have gone to that expense for me — not you, in deed.' .♦+'??. A. nobleman went to a pawnbroker to borrow a thousand pounds upon his wife's jewels, and said, ' I want you to take the stones out of the settings and put false ones in their stead, as I do not want my wife to know that I have pawned them.' ? ' You are too late,' said the pawnbroker ' for I purchased the real stones of my lady a year ago.' ? 'The whisper of a beautiful woman,' says Balzac, ' can be heard further than the. loudest call of duty.' But the man who is creeping up stairs; with his boots off, at two o'clock a m., and bears the whiBper of his wife aB ho leans over the banisters, in the darkness, doesn't think of her beauty. His chief thought is how much he would like to exchange his boots for a pair of wings. Infantine Innocence.— Little Ada and her mamma are in the brougham, with just about one second to spare in order to catch the train at the station. Lisette, the lady's maid, is closing the carriage door. Ada in sists upon getting out again; she has not kissed her papa. She is forcibly detained and assured there is not time. ' Very well, then, Lisette, you go to papa; give him one of your sweetest kisses, and tell him I hadn't time to come myself.' ++ ' ? A child, while walking through an art gal lery.with her mother, was attracted by a Btatue of Minerva. ' Who is that? ' Baid she. ? ' My child, that is Minerva.the goddeBS of wisdom.' . ' .:,'.?? ' Why, didn't they make her husband, too?' ''Because she had none, my child.' ' 'That was because she was wise, wasn't it, mamma? ' was the artless roply. Prints, in Ktw 8-itk Wklit. 