Tliove is a most encouraging unanimity of opinion about the propriety . of reducing the number and the "pay of members of the State Legislature, and this unanimity extends to all tbe' colonies without, excep tion. All parties Lave come to the con clusion by an identical process of reasoning tliat we shall -have more members tlitui will be necessary to do tlie-work of the province, and that the, work ought to be douq at a lower rate of remuneration than at present. New South Wales has 125 members, and it is suggested to reduce them to 75; while Sputii Australia is crying out ''against tiie " extravagant' provision of 78 men running " the country into an outlay of £1000 a " week to do the law making for a littM " more than a third of a million of people." The cost of the New South AVales Assembly is £37,500, uud that of the A ietorian Ciiain- her £28,500. Victoria has one member to every 12,000, New South AA'al.es one to every 19,000, aud South Australia pile to every 7000. In South Australia the Holder Government has indicated its irit'entioii to reduce each House by olio- third. It has been suggested ..that as three Departments out of twenty- tour are to be banded over to the Federal Government, . a proportionate 'reduction .iu the liumcritMl 'strength' -of ;the Assembly would reduce the seats fi;om 95 lto.71, and if the proportion of money yxpended on the Departments were .taken into account tiie Assembly would in future couAiSt of 79 mom- bers. At any rate, .the reduction of riiciribera is -au obvious consequence. of the reduction of the Departments, and if there is 'so much less M-ork tor tiiom to do, it follows .tiftit they should jbc -paid do raucji less for doing .it. It is sdarcely necessary to say that 'this method pf computation, affedtls (Ministers as well as .members. The Federal Legislature wiiil take over the Cus toms, Post Office and Defence; and this means that rafter itliis session 'is completed . there Mill ibe.no DciLrtaueuts left for ALr- fcalmon, Air. Wo-vt and Air. Alelville to ndnii ii istei. One of it-lie benoiits -to be uivtici- iriited Irani Fetlei-ation m ills .pile diminution of tilie cctpt of- the Stu to Legislatures, so that the i(avj>a)or would save at one end the additional expend-lvure required ot him at the otlie-i. I.toin tins point of view of leouoiiiy a number of people were tluis reconciled to the new burden imposed on tliem hi the maintenance of the Common- M e-.iltli I iulianiciit, and it would bo u breach ot the eontraet if we failed to keep faith M'ltli them. -; , Ihe leduetion of- the number ot mcmbcra- M ill ucei s-airl: involve a rearrangement of .the eqnstitueneies. Ilie electorates must- he imren.-ed ui size, and' no doubt this Mill be used as an iivgimient against i educing members. Lhe trouble ind expense, of e-an\assing will be' increased, and u greater interval will separate the eoiictiluents from their representative in Parliament, But against this objection ,Me li.n c to spt the per contra consideration that the constituents oE the fctate Legis- l.itiuc mil also be the coustitueiiis ot tiie Icdei.il J'ailiament. and tliut to this extent they Mill be doubly represented and have a tuofokl opportunity of getting their M-.inU supplied and their grievnnees redressed if the Govcinmcnt succeeds in -carry-nig its ine-..isuie for validating voting by post, the threatened enlargement ot the electorate cur 110 longer be pleaded as a reason whv tb" number of nieuibcrs sliould be lelt as it is- I lie objection, based on the rather degrading \ ie-yv ui a j-epre-i'iitalive - luiietioii, wlneh makes him the town agent tor lus constituents, would in that ease bg no longer tenable. In conjunction with the. question of the members future status, theic- Mill also have to be settled their claim to have a seat in liofli the Federal .and thy fcl, ale Legislatures. Mr. AI Lean, y\liu, by the way. has found peasoti to change bis former opinion about the policy, of reducing their miiuber- has declared hunselt against it. It is to lie (.glutted chat the Commonwealth Act did not make provision for it, but we may remind the malcontents who may be ..disposed to rely ujiou its absence -that in the draft Bill as approved by the Convention of 1891 it was specially stipulated that " a member of the Senate pi' Douse ol Repvc- " seutulives shall not be capable pf being chosen or of sitting as a member ot an,y " Douse of tiie Varlianient of a State." If '1/ cla_!i.KL; had been cmliodied iii the filial Bill, no member of a Stale Legislature .would have been alloyved to sit in the Federal Chamber, even if Ire bad been elected. Public opinion throughout Aus- tralj.j is in l,iqrmoiiy with this vieyv: and even Sir W:illiajn CyuH, who apparently is .troubled yyitli spme eoustitutional dillieulty of xiiulyiug jip. his; muid pu any questipn yyliieh admits of a suspense of judgment, has half committed, himself to -the' introduc tion of a Bill to give it effect! ' Wluitever is to he (joji.e yve hope tbaj Mr- vM'Le8u has determined it should be done at ogee. There is no time for vacil lation. Tliip » the. last spssion of -the last Parliument that will ever'nipet 'again, for the despatch pf business upon the. old terms. Npthjng .is to be gained by putting 'off tiie work of readjust-. ,ing .itself to the iieyy order oil' (things' for iinobliei- Parliiiincnt 'to do. A dissplutioii of the piusQiit'IIouse eanuot he very fur off; but it may live long enough to fabricate a sc-heuig pmbpdyiug the proposed ohangqs, which can be submitted to the electors' iu the oivliiiary way or by special referendum. Tt 'will immensely facilitate jlibe (business if a Patifamaiit is returned with it direct man date I't-oui tihe people that eauiipt he disre garded ijiy qitlier faction. 'To trust the pi cscitt House yyitli the duty of reconstruct- iug itiself is -out of the question. Even a Qominittee ot' tiie Oliumber sueli as Sir William Lyne seeing to favor wpuld find itiseif -'laced iin sueli an invidious ppsi-tion that lit might be excused -for -shrinking from .what must be more or -less tin unpieasaut duty. Jit is _a duty Uluiit douiniids careful deliberation . and ,thc cxereise of p good , deal of self- denial 1 and inucili uiibitissed judgment. It would not he too grave an innovation in such uiiprecedeiite.d eireumstauces as yve -have tp face if tiip whole subject, of Parliamentary reconstrpctioii were subraittjjd as the sple issue to the electors. An alternative method would be what yv.e suggested as far hapk as October last, namely, the election by a popular vote of a Convention charged with drawing up a Constitution Bill for the Dtate of A ictoria in iireeiscly tiie same way as tiie ten. delegates froni this colony, were deputed to sit with 'the Convention yyliieh drafted the Federal Constitution. The Convention yvptild enter upon its delibera tions without any extraneous distractions to divert its attention from the main Object, and the people would be asked to give their decision in the same judicial spirit. Since the referendum noyy forms part of the machinery of the Federal Constitution for ascertaining the yyill of the people, the Conservatives can no longer object; to its Being engrafted on that of the State, arid their; co- operation may therefore -be safely counted upon. It cannot be pretended that the reduction of (Ministers and members along with the salaries of Both is a matter too recondite to be trusted to the judgment of the people, who after all are nioht interested in its settlement; and as there are grave Parliamentary controversies which ought to be got out of Die way with-, out further delay — yvonian'si suffrage, for example--the opportunity is a1 highly -favor able one if it is used in a genuinely patriotic spirit. 1 ' . ... "The Assembly is going once more to ask the other Legislative Chamber to let the women of Victoria have the same right of voting for the Federal Parliament as those of South Australia have. Alcmbcrs of the Council cannot avoid considering this mjitter noyy from n point of vieyy. sonie- yy-hat apart from its merits. Hitherto they have simply vetoed the wish 6f the people and the Assembly in the exercise of. their legal right. That legal -right still remains. By the strict letter of the Constitution they may block popular desires, till the Day of Judgment, or until some snmllpr cata clysm supervenes. But tliey ciinnot avoid the feeling that that yvould he on extreme exercise of a legal privilege. Assuming that individual opinions in the Upper Chamber remain the same, it i$ still mani fest that 'the smaller section of the Legis lature has no equitable light to act as a permanent veto on the repeated wishes -.of the larger section, especially iu a matter such as tills affecting the rights of one-half the taxpayera. . It is one of the inexplicable anomalies which are so puzzling in life that in nn Empire which liai)beeri gloriously reigned oyer for more than sixty years by a woman, mother and wife, legislators should set up a plea for the political disqualification of the sex .on the ground of unfitness. To say that a woman is not properly qualified to give a vote; or that the franchise, which dignifies : the mole citizen, would degrade the female, is in itself so exquisitely pre- posterous as to place it outside the region of rational argument. But then, us yve kiioyy, lu.in is not naturally a logical ani mal. He is, as Byron jint it of himself, a compound of blood, hone, mmToyv. pas- " smii, feeling. lie boyvs before the shrines ut Custom and l'rcsoription. as the Chinese, do before the relics of their Ances tors. He will light fanatically for the' rankest absurdity, and die a martyr to it A\ edded fast to some dear falsehood, he will hug it to the last, unless he is fortunate in ectiuig to the saving leaven of' a- little. Liberalism .soiiieyy-here or other- And then he begins to reason about what the clay gods of his past idolatry- have ever dong tor the race. Air. George Aloore, who .has ( yyvittcn n good deal of trashy mutation of Zola.s yyorst realism, mistaking a vulgar 90.1 rsencss for art. lus aspired, in. the Apul number of the North American Review, to instruct lus countrymen 011 the yyiint- of the art faculty in yvomen. He sa>s that they '-occupy 111 art exactly- the same place as they- do 111 religion: thev yypi- slup very prettily the gods that men ' create foi' them." 1-rom this, without a particle ot lacs or relevant aruumeut, he goes on to declare that - the reason of ' man s oppression of woman in the jiast could only he because she was his natural "inleiioi. Ihe advocates of -women's lights. , can. easily- afford to despise the inconsequential drivel ot sueli a critic- but tlicy have to remember that all the objections to yvomen jios- scssing political mlits are based 011 exactly similar inanities. When a man. tells us that bis exceeding great respect for yvomen induces liiin to per petuate her disfranchisement on the ground that her chief duty 111 life is to rock the cradle, he .simply perpelrates George Alqores stupidity without Ins- courage-' \A omen may safely retort on Mr- Aloore that lie yy-as at one -time accused of possess ing talents, -but be bas siuge been tried and acquitted. A) omen, says Air. Alexander Sutherland in the. ' Na-noteenllili Century,"' have on the averagq 10 per ceint. less weight, of 'brain khan men have, though woman's brain is larger in proportion to ,'tihc weight of lier body -tirt-u man's is to his oyv-n. But iii this there is no significance at all, because of -tiie proof IbWalt Qirain is «bsolnte|y depen- deirt, not on volume, But on temperament.' The brain of -the elephant or of the whale i's larger 'than that of inan, nnd Gall con- -eludes IJjralt fi;oin. this single fact, were. there ft0 her, we -must ''renounce the opinion \- " -that the intellectual 'faculties are to lie estimated By 'the viBsolriite mass of the " hi'aiii.'' The dog and the ape have, a smaller brain than tihe -horse, aipl a greater iiiteiligeuce. The Brttviest huinuu braiii that vyas ever put iidto a scale yvas itii.it of an ordinary English funnier distinguished for nobbing. Some men of genius haye had relaitively. small Brains. A Ryiasian seieii tisrt ehiiins to have, disoovered, siays'tlie "Globe," that '.'the true .test of intelligence is the relative weight of itlie brain to -the spinal " nmrroM-, and .this he finds to be exaotly " the same in njan aiid avoma-u. Ergo, the " intellect of the sexes is -exactly on a "par." 1 Doyvever itliis inay he, AVoman seems deteriiiined to .press her claims yyitli 110 hesitating mind. A lady, wnitiing in' the " Nineteenth Century," tolls us that the recent achievements of yyqmeri are on a very liberal ?rtde, fclie says that AVomen's Cluhs iu Ainierira are .taking yip 'inun's better work ap<l Trfting it almost lout of Bis hands. In her- own -words— l't is etaiined By this organisation of 150,000 Amerittin yvouieii t'ltat t'liey have sySteiuatisefi exiating - dhttri!ties, taught sehppl ahildren civic duties, improved' city streets and country roads, -renovated town antl -v.illiige miu-kelt pltices,; uud "promoted better traui facililuies; tliait -tlicy have founded children's' penny snvrrigs" hanks, training sehools, jubilee halls, libraries, reading room's, gymnasiums, ant galleries, Sundtiy afternoon eoiicerits, and 6ohojai- sliiis iu AmerioaiT and 'European" oollegcs for Ameuicau women; tllnalt itliey have erected hastpriiial TiioniBiien'ts arid pulbliu drinking fountains, planted 'trees iri streets nnd built music stands in public squares, and tliait they 'have' secured for working gii-H tcne- nieiit house inspectli'ou, aitodel lodging houses, holidays and conYaletseent homes, inexpensive luucli smd' rest' rooms, club ropynsr funds for did tn sickness/and .legal counsel (which, in 1890, yyias able to sootle out of court 83 per eenlt. -of cases. 'That is a catalogue of civic achievement which a'nay vyell atagger 'th'e old- fashioned fallaiey -that women's miitaicm on earth begins and ends "with "breeding fools and " chronicling small beer." The march of modern progress compels yvoraan everywhere to compete with man fqr tlhe doily surtenanee. . She does -uo.t seek it. lit is forced upon her. She must work o.r Starve. To;tsay Iba.t he shall work handi capped' hy a prqclaimeil political inferiority is one of the relies of a baiHarpus custom yvhieh we have inherited, lit has been some times urged as an oBjeabion against feminine equality 'tltot iwomtm -has never ehoyvn her self to Be an inventor.' Seeing that everyone everywhere dep.ends on emvii-onmeint for the development of natural .talent, it may be yvell rattorted itlinlt a system which ' lias designedly confined .the sqx to domestic funotious -h'.is made it impossible for that sex to -produce its Ibast of anything outside t'lie arena allotted to it. (Bult if we inay believe Dr. A. E, NfluviHe, who writes in tiie "Revue ties Reyues'f upon feminine inventions, women are taking tlheir place as 'puteritees of Jiovelties. T'jie Uirited States Patent „ Office lias a special depart ment for women's dnvenitions. Among recent '.patents granted to yvomen are sonye for improving the make of furniture, ityjic writers, .weaving machines, children's playitiilngs, games, musical installments, household utensils, gardening tools, and even agricultural implements. One lady is isaid to have earned si small for tune through a glove Biitton liook and another -through a stay busk. There' are successes ar.d failures in ri'beut the same pro portion As yy'ith luaseuline inventors. Before 1800 women were unknown! as inventors. Since, that .time ' itlioir numbers haye increased to several hundreds, and are sjtill increasing. Freiichyyomen, too, arc coining to the front. In 1899, from Idt May to 31st August, no fewer itliun 70 patents were taken out by Frenchwomen. One of these perhaps may be cited as diinrac- teristic of Erenph talent. H is a conib 'tlirougb yyliieh all lciuds of delicate acenibs and essences can be conveyed to ithe roots of (the hair, keep ing ithe bead delicaitoly I and constantly perfumed. (But after all said and done, wbat on earth has the inventive faculty got to do with the exercise of the suffrage Hovv many men noyy exercise it who are just able to scribble their, nanies, and hoyv majiy of them get into Parliament and make our lows for us yvho are as incapable of an original idea as an iiptomaton or one of the late Trofcsspr Popper's Ghosts ? Imagine (i Harriet Martineau exoluded from politics because she was unequal to the invention of a safety pin ! These thiugs are small <peihaj» in them selves, But -they go to fonn a -body of evi dence .that must become irresistible in time for giving to woman every right -Hint ran be lefiitimatoly claimed by man. A perfectly organised society will no doubt employ all ito citizens in callings where (theic. best mleults yyidl find scope. .: AA-omcn, like men, haye their natural aptitudes. Sooioty, in confining a whole sex with artificiul-rcBtric- tious aeeurding .to yvliitt it is pleased to call the litncss of things, 13 foolish ly eniasculat- ng one-half of its genius. 'The day of yvoman s complete deliverance nt.iv- well be tliat of., man s social regeiicra.tiou. - - 