political. Mr. John Darling, M.P., of South Australia, is announced ns a Federal candidate. He is a freetrader of a somewhat mild type, and has an excellent chance of being elected. It is said that when Mr. McCulloch learnt that heiwasto ho opposed he conscientiously found his electorate on the map and looked up Bradshaw to see what railway stations were in it, but made a pardonable mistake and took the wrong train. Wo do! not really believe this. ! .* * * ;Mr. McCulloch is tying himself into some very prjotty knots on the Convention scheme. As far as we can understand him it is a good scheme which lie cannot support because it might be carried, and at the same time it is a had scheme which he nevertheless heartily endorses, because Sir George Turner is only joking about it and there is not the ghost of a chance of its coming to anything. * * * Dr. Binder it seems is unable to subordinate his personal ambition to the claims, of the free-trade party in the Echuca electorate for the Federal Assembly, and announces his intention of going to the poll against Mr. Hirsch.who was first in the field. This is excellent news for the protectionists, but it is unlikely'to do Dr. Binder any good in politics either now or in the future. ' • - * • * * : In the Mayor of Adelaide's Annual Report it is proposed to purchase allotments and erect thereon model dwellings of three, rooms each for the working classes. What is Australia coming to? • The necessity for such measures is intelligible in crowded European cities, but our population does not account for like conditions here. If the working classes cannot afford to properlylhouseitKelnselves, it is because of. monstrpwi'ecOtfpifli'ff /rcbriditions which permit some men^,iextor£ ; all - : but a bare living from those who yVyodtfc'e the country's wealth. Mr. Minims-^-the man rwith. the umbrella-r-still knows how to come in out of. tjie .wet. . lie''wants the fiscal issue raised to such a .point of "warmth that personal or other considerations will not ; even enter into the doctor's mind. According to,this light of otlier days, Mr. G.H. Beid. is' a "windy apostle, discredited in his own colony." and "going round like a political wandering .Tew." Fancy'Mr. Minims calling anyone else " discredited !" ' ' * * '• * • . . The " Age" says that Mr. M'Culloch's Convention story is transparently honorable. May be, but one or other of its political idols cannot be quite so honorable. Sir George Turner says the Convention proposal is to be dealt with in a very little time ; in fact, as one of the first measures after the present session. The Minister of Defence assures us in the same issue that " the Reform question cannot arise as a Parliamentary measure for some eight months." Mr. P. McM. Glynn, M.P., opened the free trade campaign in South Australia by an address in the Hindmarsh Town Hall. As Hindmarsh is supposed to bo the hot bed of protection, it speaks well for the free - trade outlook that a good audience turned out to hear Mr. Glynn, and when a vote was taken those present almost unanimously declared themselves against a protective tariff for the Commonwealth. . * * * Tl ic indignation which Sir George Turner pretended. at leading members of the Opposition assisting candidates opposing him and other Ministers, is somewhat ridiculous seeing that his party has done just the same. It is in any case absurd since, if: party government means anything, members of the party should assist one another, and, as a matter of fact, in Great Britain three or four members of the Ministry frequently go to an electorate where a supporter needs help and work tooth and nail for him. Mr. Wynne, M.L.C., an enforced advocate of the convention, argues that since every amendment in the State's Parliament of America has been effected by this means, we should use it here. His facts are not quite correct, but if they were it would prove nothing. America is the home of the constitutional convention. The convention is indeed a part of most of her constitutions. In Victoria it finds no place in our constitution, and occurs only once in our experience, and that a most exceptional one, Mr. Minims : " If a policy of absolute freetrade wero inaugurated it would moan a land tax of 7s. in the pound." This from the man who claims to be ah expert in finance. Will Mr. Mirams kindly give the basis of his hysterical arithmetic ? Seven shillings in the pound on the unimproved land values of Victoria alone would be about fifty millions. Perhaps the boom financier means that it would take 7s... in the pound on land to pay off the national debt. Speaking at the Corowa banquet Dr. Quick referred to " the initiation of the federal movement in Victoria by the late Mr. James Service in 1885." As far back as 1859 Sir Charles Gavan (then Mr.) Duffy moved in the Assembly for a committee to inquire into the methods of bringing about the federation of Australia. Between then and '85 several intercolonial conferences were held. It is remarkable that Mr. George Higinbotham's first speech on federation was decidedly hostile. In reply to Mr. Duffy he contended that there was nothing to be accomplished by union that could not be obtaiiiecL-by treajfcy or compact. iK.j of the /Cabinet and their supporters rishly - ,ra5£rehensive as to the fate of the \stork tors' jmw.jfighting Ad.w.'.fighting for their seats, in iticl ti^/'Wteatem district. Even the Mr, >-M(jCuftoch, that he ought to be re- Is£,)Jte,/w£is so anxious to spend public ^Jln^g^mg military contingents to South Africa, scarcely entitles him to so much gratitude from the. electors as did his opponent's readiness to spend his own money in the same direction. Then again both Mr. McCulloch and Mr. Wynne have hopelessly mixed matters by their palpably inconsistent explanation of their positions as Council representatives of the Ministry, and the electors are inclined to believe that desire for office has led both Ministers to throw over all their traditions and beliefs for the sake of office. • * * Two of the most important questions for early decision by the Federal Government are those relating to black labour in Australia and the nationalisation of the land of the federal territory. The A.N.A. will bring a powerful and salutary influence to bear against alienation of the land upon which the federal capital is built, and there is reason to hope it will remain a source of increasing revenue to the Common wealth, instead of being sold to individuals as material for speculation and booming. The A.N. A. will also stand for a white Australia, and since Kanaka labour is condemned by leading politicians such as Sir Edward Braddon and a number of others, we may hope that it will soon vanish from the Continent. * * * Mr. McLean and his followers, whatever thenlegislative and administrative abilities, are by no means electoral strategists. They begin to fight only when their citadel is captured. Before the main body of their opponents at the general elections they were passive, even to the point of folly. To stand inactively aside and await the verdict of the country may be lofty, but it is not politics. At least a dozen seats could have been won by a judicious interference. A word from Mr. McLean and the seat at Gippsland would have been a certainty for Mr. J. E. Mackey. A pledge could easily have been obtained from the balancing Delatite member, or, failing that, the publication of his opposition would have cost him a defeat. Melbourne and quite a number of other instances could be cited to show how suicidal was their inactivity. The colony, in fact, has never witnessed a more marked instance of Ministerial indifference. The present method of fighting Sir George Turner and his Ministers is at best a species of guerilla warfare. It may have its precedent; it is none the less difficult or undignified. The proper time to fight is before the enemy is ready. ° * * " « Among matters of detail in his department that call for the attention of Mr. Gurr, there are the shipping reports posted daily in the vestibule of the central telegraph office. It is a general complaint that instead of being as they are supposed to be, an up to date and reliable record of the movements of vessels trading in the Port of Melbourne, there is unnecessary delay in posting these reports, and that the information contained in them is not always trustworthy. They manage things better 'in Sydney, where the very large section of the public interested in the arrival and departure of vessels rely with confidence upon finding at the telegraph othce early and accurate information. It is a remarkable fact too, that persons desiring immediate notification during the early morning hours that vessels coming to Melbourne from the westward have arrived at Adelaide, cannot get a telegram through direct from Adelaide, but are obliged to have it forwarded first to Sydney and thence on to Melbourne, The S.A. municipal elections, which were concluded on Saturday last, revealed a strong majority against the Snow Tramway Bill. The Public Tramways League was successful in keeping out every candidate in the city and suburbs who favoured the Snow Bill, with the exception of Alderman Bruce. Mr. Gurr brought forward the question of the single tax against Mr. Maclde, but the latter was elected Mayor of Unley by a substantial majority. The same tactics were pursued by Mr. Gurney, a candidate for the councillorship of East Norwood, but his opponent, Mr. W. P. Weller, was elected by a majority of 150 votes. The defeat of Mr. J. R. Baker, son of Sir Richard Baker, afforded the greatest surprise of the elections, and can bo only credited to his " mildness " in pronouncing against private ownership of the tramways. 