THE Sea-Cliff Towers Mystery, J. D. HENNESSEY, Author of "Wynuum," ' The Die-Honorable,""' : An Australian Bush Track,' ' A Lost Identity, - " " Tlie New-Cham Farmer," etc. etc. (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED). Synopsis or Pbevious Chapters. A beautiful young English lady inherits an Australian estate, including Sea Cliff Towers, a fine place in the vicinity of fiydney. The uncle through whose will she inherits is supposed to have committed suicide, aud to haunt the- Towers, and on the first uiglit of her residence there Beatrice Uallantyne, the heiress, is startled and horrified by observing the hearthrng and the floor »>eneath it sink out or sight, while a fat, cruel-looking hand appears, wearing a remarkable cat's eye ring, which seems to exercise an evil fascination over her; she faints and knows no more. >ext day she can find 110 traces of the previous night's occurrence, aud resolves to keep her own counsel. That day Miss Ballantyne visits her lawyer in the city, hears his account of her affairs, and inspects the Ballantyne jewellery, the inventory of which lists a cats eye ring that the fair owner discovers almost with honor, is missing from the glittering pile before her. Septimus Dorset, the lawyer, when asked why this particular jewel is not produced, is overcome with confusion. He. however, shakes off his agitation, and tel's a remarkable story, in which the cat's eye ring plays a large part. Two new characters ate introduced, Mrs Dalbert, a jdever and handsome Anglo- Indian adventuress, who had for years held the late Raymond Bullautyne under the spell of her fascinations, and to wbpm at one time he bad willed the whole of his property, and his distant relative and physical double, Seth Itosedale, who is his general factotum. Both men love the same woman, but she loves neither, and dtsires only wealth and the power it brings. Ballantyne, so it is sworn, at last throws himself from the cliffs into the sea. It is then discovered that hehas altered his will, leaving Meta Ualbertj nothing. He has aiso left a disturbing docu'i.i nt wan.injr his young heiress, should i.e meet hie dvath una.eountabK, that she is t'i beware of a..y jjerfnn wearing a cat's eye • nig. At the cfinelu6iun of this recital Lawyer L10 set accepts Mins Ballantyne'* invitation to spend the evening at the To*eis, where, on tl eir arrival, they find ^he Kev. t hrist'pher Br -adface in possession, and ihe thiee opend a plea_-ant musical evening, the more enjoy .ble in cuntiast to thi terrific storm which rages outside, and which compels both gentlemen to remain at the lowers ail night. X<> t*e[ - limus T1 orset his fair hostess assigns the haunted ri»om, but in the morning, though hi» c.othing is th- re the owner has vanished. Beatrice, when she hears the news, swooniw.,yaud a doctor in scut for, wlm, finding 1 he uuly almost well again, devotes h-mseif to a tboiou»:h but unsaccesiiul search f>»r the missmg n-an. Miss ballantyne bein^ quite fjio-trate-l by the dreadful occnrreuce, the ductor sends his sister. Miss Giace Strong, to keep her company. Ihe detrc ives come to tiL-a Cliff to investigate the mystery, and l)r strong tells tliem how, years previously, a dting patient at the Sydney hospital had told him that there \v«.s .1 gold mine under the towers, and that there was a way down to it lrom the late Mr Ballantyne's bedroom CHAPTER XIII. An Ukbhared Secret. Tlie night passed without incident, and the morning brought no new discovery. The carpet was taken up from the lower tower room, but no fresli light was thrown Upon the affair, nor was the old woman's stor/ corroborated by the finding of anj mounds of earth which might have accumulated as the result of tlie suggested excavations. The detectives, however, remained and examined the country around the Towers in all directions, hut found no clue. The mystery of the lawver'6 disappearance got into the papers ; a considerable reward was offered for any information which might lead to his discovery ; and some of the society journals hinted at a scandal, and that he might readily liave ljeen found, not twenty miles from Sydney, if certain people wifilied it. It was indeed suggested by a journal circulating in Sydney, although not published there, that there were high officials in the Government departments who knew of Septimus Dorset's whereabouts, but who found it convenient to be silent. Of course, vague inuendoes of this sort can never Lm answered, cor can the originators of tlieui be brought to punishment, as they richly deserve to Jx> There was no disputing: the fact, however, among those who really knew. The police were baffled, the friepds of the missing man were in great distress at his diEappearanoe, and to complicate matters the mistress of Sea Cliff Towers lay Berioualy ill at Steynbridge Cottage, r Nothing preys npon the heart more than the possession of a secret which U associated with a crime. The perion possessing \> knowledge may bo perfectly innocent, or may only have been guilty of indiscivtion, or may have obtained the kno« it-dge by itocident or mistake, but it makes little difference. The secret of a crime undisclosed, has in countless instances warped the whole vision of life, and placed its possessors under disastrous disabilities. The difficulty of such a position is increased with every new circumstance, and each passing day. It is an incubus upon the mind which feeds upon its own fears, and grows until it fillE tlie whole horizon of vision, and absolutely monopolises the life. The burden of a secret shared with a faithful friend may be harmless to the individual; but unshared it may be a canker corrodim; the whole life. It was this which had brought about Miss Ballantyne's illness, which very 6eriouslv perplpxed aud baffled the medical skill of Dr. Strong., The position as it presented itself to •"'e&trice; was this:— • She bad experimented with a man's life for the sake of obtaining further knowledge of the mysterious room in the Towers. What she had seen in that room could not have been a dream, it was real. Her uncle'* memorandum in regard to the wearer of a cat's-eye ring di-pelled any thought of its having been nu imagination of her mind. She had seen the hand of the wearer of the cat'e-eye ring before she had knows of the existence of such a person, or such a ring, from other sources, She longed to give the doctor some hint that might assist them in the search, but when an opportunity to tell hiui entile, she shrank from doing so. Her position wat embarrassed, too, by the disappearance of her lawyer, for he possessed a knowledge of her affairs which would have been specially serviceable in selling a. portion of the property. Her distress and worry, and nursing of her unshared ^tecret, and fear that by some means she might unwittingly disclose it, had worked together upon her mind, and culminated in its natural conaaquenoee— fever, and for several weeks, during which the search was continued, Miss Ilallantyns oould render no assistance. In the meantime, the position of thing! kt the Towers was peculiar. The illness 0t Miss Ballantyne, and the disappearance of the lawyer, left the practical direction of affairs in the handB of Dr. Stronp-, who was interested in tue matter out of all proportion to its professional value to him. He_felt sure that Beatrice had something on her mind ; Grace had told him of expressions of fear about the Towers which had escaped Miss Ballantyne's lips in the delirium of fever; and although it was natural that the shock of Mr. Dorset's disappearance should have caused such an illness, the doctor's suspicions that there was something underhand about the mansion and its cemented f.oors grew upon him, and he visitod the place as much a* his professional duties made possible. After a month. Miss Ballantyne w&3convalescent, and still resident at Steynbridge Cottage, when one evening Dr. Strong found himself traversing the now familiar path from the cottage to the Towers. He had determined to remain there for the sight alone in the linuntod chamber, and see if it was not possible to learn something of the mystery which threatened to make the Towers no longer habitable to ordinary residents. Miss Ballantyne had emphatically stated that she would not again live in the place, and the servants reported noises in the night at the north end of the mansion, and could only be induced to remain in the place at all by their attachment to their mistress, and an increase in their salary. Dr. Strong was both courageous and of iron nerve, and he had set himself to spend one night alone in tlie chamber, and see if anything would resnlt. He had not told either his sister or Miss Ballantyne of his intentions, nor did the servants at the Towers know of his coming. He had intimated to the former that he had n case to attend and might be detained late. Evening was closing in as he entered the grounds and met "William, with Leo the mas tiff, having a loot around before closing up the place for the night. William's first inquiry was after the health of Miss Ballantyne, and on being assured that she wafi'progressing favourably and wou'd soon be .about again, be commenced tolalk about "the Towers. " The people in Australia are worse than folks in the old countrv, doctor," he said. " How's that, William ? " *' Jh! I mean in trespasg'aig upon property. Would you believe it now, sir, I turned a party of young chaps off the lower lawn this afternoon, who had just fixed up their wickets to play cricket here. They coolly told me that they had played there before without beiug inteifered with, and they were not going to move for me. Wanted nie to drink a drop of whisky with them, fcind take long stop as they were short of 3 man." " What did you do F " asked the doctor laughing. ''I went up and brought down the gardener and the mastiff, and we cleared them out." " You s«e there is so much open ground, and so many broken and shaky fences around this neighbourhood, that people hare a very faint notion as to the rights of occupation or trespass." replied the doctor. " That's all very well, but our fences are ali right, and they not only trespass upon the grounds, but they damage the place, and eteal thu fruit and timber unlees you are always upon tlie watch. They oome, too, in the night-time 1 think, doctor, the young mistress ought to have a keeper about the place at night. I shall be real glad when we are all safely back in the old land again." Dinner waas served to the doctor alone, and he informed the housemaid that hs should stop for the night, and sleep in ths big bedroom in the north v. ing. ' By the way, Mary, aa I am to occupy the end of the house by myself, I think that I might as well have Leo the mastiff, with me ; tell the gardener to Bend him along." The clock had struck ten when Doctor Strong settled himself down in the chamber from which Septimus Dorset had disappeared. A fire burnt brightly in the room. Ho sat back from the hearth rug, however, for the fire bad been placed there more for company and gpeueisl uoiut'ort than for warmth. By his side, the mastiff lay at reet, and on the table, within e;i6y reach of his hand, was a revolver. He was not sleepy, but sat calmly thinking out a score of tangled circumstance* which he felt wauted su hour or two of reflection to set them straight. First of all in his thoughts cams Beatno* allantyne; he had seen a good deal o1 er during her illness ; had seen her when » woman appears to least advantage, in her hotiJM of bodily weKfcnoes and pain, and depression of spirit*. How caTin and resolute ehe had been in suffering, how well she had held herself in check. •* Just the woman I have wished for and dreamt about as a wife," he said to himself. " She will soon be well again, but this place worries her, if I could get her _£Oufideuoe, and relieve her of her anxieties and mysterious associations with the plao> it would help her, and for the sake of lovs even though it were not returned, or in any way rewarded, I would uelp ker if I could." Then he recalled hiB own early life in company with his brave-hearted sister; he reminded himself of his fir-t settlement at SeaclifF, of his first thoughts of fiaymond Ballantyne and Seth Rosedale, and what he had heard of Mrs. Dalbert. There had been queer stories of Raymond Ballantyne; of his domestic habits, of his tendency to fall aileep at most untimely eeasons; how he had been Known to play for hours npon ti e itiraii in a state of semi-consci'u tuss Could it be possible that he was asleep than?" Then the thought arose in his mind as to how Raymond Ballantyne came to commit suicide. Was there any want of truthfulness on the part of the witness who bore testimony to having Been him jump from, or slip off, the rock a. Darker thoughts came into tfoe picture. Had Seth Rosedale or Mrs. Palbert any interest In his death; were they benefited by it, and how? Could Beth Rosed≤ hare had aught to do with the disappearance of Septimus Dorset? If bo, what benefit oould it be to him ? His thoughts wers at this point, when ho was startled. The mastiff was growling as it wem below his b^tb. The doctor bad beard no sound, saw no morement, but the dog, who lay with bis nose npon the floor, suddenly growled again. I CHAPTER XIV. A MIDKIOHT ADVENTUB.*. Dr. Strong sat buck in bis chair and peered cautiously about the room. " What was the dog growling at P' He had a theory that animals sometimes •ae more than is visible to human eyee, and Bub Beamed now to be corroborated, for suddenly the dog drew back, cringing as though threatened by a ghostly hand, and orooohed nearar to the doctor. Tht hu*« animal visibly shivered and thon wbin«L lfcsMwm no mistaking it, %h&thw; itwu •feud of nomething at preeeat Invisible, tort; ^something which he eoented; or whether the dog «&v; more than the doctor. Uxe animal was evidently afraid, for it toned ita eyw up to those of Doctor Bferong In pleading entreaty, and then stood up trembling a\l over. It waft the mate appftal of a dtuab Miim*! •OMeebveoI-feMr, and madinMbfbr flight The doctor felt a chill go through him, bat planed Lis band reassuringly on the dog s head, at which be nt down upon his uundhe* and gaged again in the direction w the fireplace, where a few cools stall gave out a feeble glow. * Sf^y. Partelerpn o'ulpek; afifpf f¥p|l&ffiio;* m$kuKik% abota, i M w t w M w t f t t i had. ioto&l; Wted JuM frf the u d 1,0 JmA& th* toolver Mrr.wix in hu fcntd ftJUPffH JLhf> jMnOL oward the fire, he' r saw the/great squar* heartb, and fareplaoe, slowly sinking below the level of the bed-room floor. Motioning to the dog, he stepped noisyleealy back across the thick carpet, to a large old-fashioned bay-window where heavy curtains provided a convenient biding place. The dog seemed instinctively to know that it was advisable to getjbehind cover, «nd in less time that it tal&s; te it. the two were ahettaN$ Hi tiis batik of tSS- daiinfek eurtsbft. Thewvolvw was is the doctor** right hand. • "Some deviltry, this!" was all that ha softly ejaculated, as he saw the fizepUoe and square still slowly deeeteding, until at last it was out of sight, leaving only visible, from whore the doctor stood, a large cavity. Several thing? had thus far impressed themselves upon the solitary beholder of this strange scene. There had been no noise. Whatever mechanism it was that worked this extraordinary lift, it must be finely finished and perfected. *• Here is a clue to the disappearance of Septimus Dorset, and a corroboration of Sarah's Btory," thought the doctor. " Whether there is a gold mine or not, therm is certainly something under the place, and this secret lift has been constructed by <1 clever man, probably a scoundrel, for a purpoee." His thoughts were arrested by the appearance from out of ths of cavity the back of a man's head, and Dr. StroDg grasped the revolver with a nervous grip as he peered between the cuitains. It was a stoutiBli mau, sitting in a rocking chair, with his face turned toward the dead embers of the fire-place. The figure sat perfectly motionless, and in the dim light of the room jfor the lamp had been lowered by the doctor), it was impossible to ru»ke out more tbnn that the hands were clasped in front of him, and that one leg was lifted, so as to rtet across the knee of the other. , An hour must have parsed—an hour of exquisite torture for Doctor Strong— during which time the figure showed no sign of life or motion. Who was it thaj thus courts destruction ? - for the doctor's finger was on the trigger a score of times, rvady to send a bullet through the man's hevd. Again and again he was on the point of coming out of his hiding place, and grappling with the man in the chair, but with aa iron will he restrainedbimself. It struck him fciuit the size of the figure very much res'iiihled that of the late Raymond Ba.1 antyne Then the thought came to him of Mr. Ballantyne having been knowu to some a? Rivinond the sleeper. The man in the chiT looked very much as tiiou<;li lie were asleep. It was strange, he thought, that the dog shouid t>e S'j fiinet. Was it bsoause the thing in front <it him w.is <le id? Then the idea flashed upon him th it this wa* the body of > he dead Raymond ...dumtyne, preserved by some process known to Seth Kosed.iie, and that he w;is projected I into this rhamliei- in raordinnry fashion, in order that Rh\one seeing :t might be Morrilied. and proclium the Towers haunted by th« ghost of its la'e proprietor. the ghostly thing stiii uiade no sig« aud, at last, Dr. Strirug, unable to restrain lumself any longer, stepped into the middle of the room, the dog following him with evident reluctance. He taught a glimpse for a moment of an ashy white dead fc.ee, and then noticed the great s inre sVwly settling dowu again below tlie surface of the room. WJiat should he do r Fi:e aud arouse the household, or jump upon the descending lilt and see for himself v hat there was below. Ht had only a moment to decide, and at once chose the Inttc alternative. He sprang iiglitly down, revolver in hand, at the back of the descending figtirn. Iu a moment, however, he regiettedhis j rashness, for au unseen hand suddenly wrenched the revolver from his grasp, and I a Fa^vage blow felled him to the ground, j It seemed bnt a moment, when the faint lamp light above was suddenly blotted out j in® darkness. The lift had evidently I returned to its accustomed position, j Not a gleain of light was visible j the j darkness was so intense that one might almost feel it like a solid subtance. The doctor placed his hand upon the floor 1 ii i felt like earth or gravel to the touch. ! But there wag no sound to be heard, | although he listened with strained atten- J tion for the slightest noise. • Nothing was to be heard, however, [ around or in the room above. The smell of j the place seemed to him faint and unwholo- ! some. ' " WTiat a fool I was to take a leap like | this in the dark," he thought. But ha j made no movement and spoke no word, for \ he felt that the slightest indication of his 1 whereabouts to an adversary migkt be { followed by a pistol bhot or a t&ow; j (To 1>- Continued) 