A WONDERFUL CLOCK. Two-th?irdsof the wely around the world thire h;s Irav:clled the etral1 ge ?t.ry of a clclk--thIe mrost in.lrvelhlou tlhat ever clrck. Ocaker divaner of. This lfallllu.ot piece of mechnlla m, so weird ill colcO'plio , no infililt in dl-licc y, is the property of iln Indian Prince in onle of the inland districts of thle empire. It was the work of the vastllysklled alrtisano f tie Eltl,and llie only whlteo mn, probalbly, who ever set iryes upoiln it was tle Englislh arnmy othicer who twent to the palace of the nabobt ?as earer of mileauges from the English G(overnmnentlnd, returning to the coast, told of the marvel he lhad witnessed. The dial of this elock was outlined in gold upon a carved slab of some peculinr niarble, and beneath it wassuspencled, betwcn two uprights, a silver gong. Then n bioad, flit surface of marble spread out before that, littered from end to end with mninature bones and skulls, and here and there tiny silver hanmmers, with little routnd balls for heads. Tihe bones seeml to be entirely disconneooted, and lookedt only like so niuuh rubbish rem sants of the tiny dead. The clock stood in the dining hall where the ceremonious meal was bieing served, tand as 1 o'elock drew near the prilclle called tile visitor's attention to a luetling among tlhe dry bones. With a faint, clatter they began to rise and come togetler, : blulll HOL itself upon the shoulder structure, and fruoi the mass of dry bones one tiny askleton rose complete, with a little hammer clutched in his IIbony litngers. lie stood ,beside the thiining gong until themlinuto hand pointod precisely to the hour. Th'lle, with a quick swing, he drove the hammer against the shining surface, anti a silver note, fine its a thread, burst forth and eohtted away in soft cadence, among the dis tent piltors of the palace. Before its whispers ceased in the stillness the little skeleton had, like the ghost of John James Chriotopher Bienjatlin Binns, " gone down again," and the sentterel boneslay motionless once more upon the marble plain. At 2. o'clock the Came ceremony was gone through with, savo that this time two tigires rose from out of the heNtp of bones and eilach struck one sturdy stroke. As the hours went on the wonders grew. The dancers and musicians crante, and the feast continued in East Indian splendour. iBut hour after hour of revelry was registered by the uprising of ons more of the dead, to beat into the understanding of the reeellers tlhe solemn message that another hour hlad died out. of human life and vanished into human history. At midnight when the whole twelve had struck the resonant silver and told out to its finish the story of an idle tday, the feasting led and darkness enwrapped the clock and its mystery. Of its history, of Its well-nigh magical workings, its proud owner would say nothing. 