TASMANIA. fBY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] fy&OIf; OSH OWH flOxaBKPOHDEHT.l Hobabt. Friday. Ths Williamson-Woods Dramatic Oom paoy oonoluded a very suooenful season ?t the Theatre Royal to-night. The pieoes produced during the season nave ' caug on' immensely, consequently large au- encss have greeted them nightly. The company leaves by the Mahinapaa on Monday for the West Coast. Two young women were very much terrified last nutht at Sandy Bav in conse quence of some person seana as a ghost. One of the girls fainted. This individual has been the terror of tbe town for some time past confronting woman at night with some luminous subttanoe on nis chest. Mourning is to be worn to-morrow and Sunday out of respect to tbe memory of the Dnks of Saxe- Ooburg. A deputation of the Southern members of Parliament waited on tbe Government to-day to prge an extension of time being given to tbe Great Western Syndicate. The Press were not admitted, depa tationists desiring that the interview should be private. However, it is under stood that the Government did not in any way pledge itself. ItACNCESTON, Friday. At the Polioe Court this morning three yoong men were fined for disturbing the peace by fighting. Henry Davis was sentenced to a week in gaol for obtaining £1 by means of fabe pretences. Walter Simpson was summoned by Ada Roach to show cause why he should not make pro vision for the support of her' unborn obild. The defendant was ordered to pay Si per week from the date of the birth, counsel's fee, medicine, and nurse's ex penses, also Court oosta, totalling £5. ThA MfLVnr'a Tnriian VAminn Pnvw totals £1,184. A meeting of creditors in the estate of Martin Roohe, boree trainer, LaunoestoD, was held to-day. The statement ebowei liabilities £291, assets £97. It was re solved to wiud up tbe estate in liquida tion. Mr Hoary Frenoh was appointed trustee, and debtor was granted bis dis charge. Trooper Gaby, one of tbe Taamanitn invalided soldiers by the ss. Kamare, ar rived here to-day ana was met at tbe Town Hall by tbe Mayor and Town Clerk, who welcomed him back. Gaby belongs to Soottsdale. Tbe weather to-dar was showery, but very heavy rain is falling to-night. An old map named Hdward Cassion was found dead in his bed at liarle street tbiE morning. An inquest was held to-night when a verdiot of death from natural causes wag returned. 