HOSPITAL SATURDAY. TO THE EDITOR. Sir, — On Saturday next the annual demonstration ol the Hospital Saturday Fund will, as usual, tako tho form of an outdoor collection, when something like 1500 collectors will appeal, both to tho travelling public and to those who stay at home, for contributions in aid of all public medical charities of Sydney and suburbs. The ladies, who unselfishly devoto their wholo day to the work, aro volunteers without exception, and If those wage-earners who aro not yet regular contributors to the fund would reward the col lectors' efforts by giving a day's pay it would be a fair recognition of the services the ladles perform, and no more -than a fair discharge of tho obligation which every citizen is under to the hospitals for the benefit they directly or in directly confer upon him. There are thousands of workers who generously, do 'their duty to the hospitals by contributing regularly every pay day to the weekly or monthly collections made on behalf of this fund in the various placoci of business where they are em ployed, but there are many thousands of workers who have not As yet seen the necessity of per forming their part, nor realised the facilities which this association offers them for doing it. To such the appeal next Saturday is especially directed. There are also largo numbers of well-to-do and even wealthy people who are unknown as direct supporters of any charity, people who deny them selves the greatest luxury that money can pro cure — the consciousness of being useful and of actively benefiting others. They are the lineal descendants of "Scrooge," who have not as yet received a visit from "Marley's Ghost" to point out to them that tho shortest and easiest road to happiness is to ho found in contributing to the happiness of others. Our collectors will give to the "Scrooges" of our time an opportunity of experiencing a new seneatlon of an agreeable kind, which will lighten their pockets and their hearts at the same time. For every five pounds tho ladies collect there will be a human Ufa saved from premature death, or the pangs of dlseaso and death greatly relieved to some poor fellow-creaturo who is past the aid of man. Tho need for special effort, and the claim for a liberal response, was never more pressing than at the present time. Owing to various causes the income of the principal hospitals for tho past year, has not sufficed to meet their accessary expenditure: Sydney -Hospital requires about £3000 to make-up the shortage; the case of Prince Alfred Hospital is nearly as bad, their deficiency being over £2000; and oven the Children's Hos pital, that institution which, it seems to me, should appeal most strongly to the sympathies of everyone, requires tho sum of £600 in order to balance accounts. Tho Hospital Saturday Fund- is now in tho seventh year of its existence. During the first six years, culminating May 1S99, tho total amount collected was over £20,000, aud in the same period £18,900 was distributed amongst the various medi cal charities In such a manner that not one word of complaint has been heard. This amount, which ha3 been obtained from new sources. ha9 sufficed to provide the best o£ medical attendance, nursing, and maintenance in hospital Cor nearly 5000 men, women, and children unable to provide for themselves, and this constitutes the claim of the association for further support. ..The only reward that the managers of the Hospi tal Saturday Fund desire for the work already dono is largely Increased public support to enablo the association- to do still better work. So far the work of the association has been confined to propagandist work, and to helping the hospitals by direct grants of money; but if this fund had increased support, it could relieve the hospitals and benefit the community to a far greater extent, on the principle that "pre vention is better than cure," by establishing a homo or homes in some salubrious situation on the highlands, as the Birmingham Fund has dono, where the invalided bread-winner or over-wrought mother, or ailing child, could be sent "before" they are completely disabled by disease that fol lows neglect of premonitory symptoms. With increased means, this fund could carry on an active crusade against disease by means of trained lecturers and suitable literature. Our hospitals are crowded with people who, "it they had known" something of the laws of health, would not have had occasion to ho there. In our cities are thousands of people unconsciously distributing germs of disease. Our cemeteries are crowded with the prematurely dead, the vic tims of ignorance in themselves or their parents, or both. And - the sum of ail this means an awful amount of individual suffering, national loss of wealth, national deterioration. — Yours, etc., FRANK GRfMLEY, Hon. Treasurer Hospital Saturday Fund. ' Sydney, May 3. 