THE CONTROVERTED PASSAGE. WRITTEN BUT NOT UTTERED. The following is. tho full textof the passage as it appeared in the' archbishop's manuscript of the sermon, but which was omitted by him in delivering bis sermon because of the mixed charaoter of his congregation : — " Look at those hundreds of contradiotory denominations which swarm in the British Empire, and1 in some other ports of the globe. Havo; they, 'any of tho marks of the true churoh, unity, sanctity, Catholicity, and Apostolioity ? Surely not ! They havo no unity. Luck not for sanctity in those separate sects. I speak "not of individuals, but, of systems. Tho authors of tho. Greek scbiBm, Photias, in the ninth century, and Michael Cerularius, in the eleventh, had no motive for their separation but blind ambition and Inst of power. The leaders and founders' of .Protestantism — Luther, Calvin, Zwinglius, &0 were notorious for their vices. Among the Greek schismatics tho. olergy are ibadly trained for their saored funotions, . and live ' in a state of piti ful abjection and "contempt ; they re ceive little or no consideration or re spect from the people, and they neither spread nor fi lfil the Gospel teaohing. Among Protestants, the most effeotual means of sanotiiicatior have disappeared ; abstinence, fasting, mortification, confession, communion, &o.;, Ac. Bpth the Greek schism and Pro- testauism have rather obstructed than pro moted true civilisation. Tho first bos brought despotism ujion the east,, the second covered Europe with! blood and ruins in the sixteenth century, and has ever since, been the helper and; , instrument of the worst foes of Christianity. It desecrated, the home, it -polluted tho nuptiul bed, 'it lowered the dignity of womanhood, it devas tated the sobbol, and stopped the progress of science. In fine, neither Protestants nor Grcok schismatics have shown that the notion of the Holy Ghost is with them. No examples of heroic virtues, no saints in their ranks at all comparable to the martyrs and missionaries of tho Cathblio Churoh ; and they have never been able to obtain the sanotion of a miracle for their work and their dootrine. 