JOTTINGS. -J.(bt SPHINX. ) . Thk question on many tongues : j ' 'Will Cronje receive his conge V' There is a melancholy possibility thai the plague in Sydney may eclipse ?xciterarnt over the war. We live in stirring trraes. It is remarkable how many Roman ' Catholic clergymen in Australia have .brothers or cousins who are British officers in South Africa. The army and th« church seem to ruu in Irish families. \- - C. E. Dekker, the really distin guished editor of the Evening Neivs, .hai gone to New Zealand in hopes of tharrecovery of his grievously impaired ; eyesight. ? ... Th.e l,!ast. of the people directly eon naetfri with the ''Fisher's' Ghost' tragedy ~and comedy — of , Campbell- town has just become a ghost himself. ?\ The Jock of the old flintlock pistol of 'Bold Jack Donahoe,' bhe notori v bus bushranger, has just been dis \- /Covsredin'-Sydriey.. ' wULl« tfibllV/C VIJ'UO, WllC UVtllJ£ J1.UUWU Bulletin- Writer, lias sent a book of stories ' home.' ' BtfMy '.'fcDayis, M.P. for Bourke, refers to his late opponent, the well kaown as 'a Mr E, D. ?» Satire from the West! ? : 1 ^Atjhi© Beasant, the theoscphijal /-'tfeturns-'. to Australia on a lecturing tour shortly. Although a woman- she wars against war. , A Sydney merchant, who has come into%lv©rtiaing prominence through the Bushmen's- contingent, was once asked a question as to the probable effect of Federation. ' Man,' he re plied ^ngrily, 'I have no time for Federation ; I am putting a new brand of; whiskey, on the market.' . The wife of Lieutenant-Colonel Onslow Iras the finest diamonds in ? ^Australia. She did not object to her husband going to the war. He would have gone bub for the shabby treat ment of his friend, Captain Larkin. ' . What, about influence after this ! A woald-be member of the Bushmen's Contingent, in his application foiv en j listuaent, lent in testimonials from a Supreme Court Judge, Major General French, Sir George Gibbs, Mr. Lyne, ? ' Ifr. See, Mr. Hassall, Mi\ O'Sullivan, 'S?Sir Joseph Abbott, many merchants and more magistrates,, and yet' he was refused notwibhstandinj? he passed the ^ ' . fcefsts, in riding and shooting, and was ::of,. g.ood character and of military stamp. Moreover, his wife had con sented t« bis going to the front. J ust now that rejected warrior is about the naaddcsb man in Sydney, and his re ? ?iBarks .rtre free, fluent, forcible, and unprintable. It is interesting, to learn of 'a case where overwhelming influence is itself overwhelmed. Richard Sleath, M.P, has gone to the South African front on his own. Heswall see fight — through a powerful telescope. Once on the floor of the House he declared that should an ene . njy threaten Sydney he would barri cade himself behind the Blue Moun- tains. Ah ! these political braves ! ? and there are many of thetn. British supremacy in South Africa will mean the opening up ' of the ; richest land in the world. It will | provoke a phenomenal boom. In Aus- \ tralia, where times are bad, many eyes \ will be turned towards South Africa, and a multitude . with muscle, money, and. enterprise, will cross the oceans antl permanently settle in South Africa. . Can Australia afford to lose these men ? Most assuredly she caw no-\ 'A boom in South Africa wiil mean the biggest and heaviest blow this country ever received, lb will be 4.1,„ ? jciucmucicu uu.YV'Viic t;Lt»i'Cru uuiuinea suffered through the exodus to West Australian gold-fields. Bub the dW partures were nob beyond our sho r e's. Tho men, too, retuined in large num bers. South Africa is three week's steamiugfroin Sydney, and the chances are that only a per cent age will re turn. Prosperity in South Africa will certainly nob bend towards progress in Ausbralia. Solicitor W. T. Griflin, a brobher of the lamented major who lost his life in Soubh Africa,, lias consented to stand for Gundagai ab the next general election. Mr. Griffen is a son of the late gold commissioner Griffin who died suddenly ab Molbng a few years ago. Sydney is scared over bhe renewed outbreak of the abominable plague. It has been traced to the West Syd ney wharves, the oldiest portion of the j city an ideal breeding place for dis-' ease; This section of Sydney may yet have to be destroyed by fire. Poeb-Heurf Lawson proceeds bo , London shortly, having booked a pas- ' sage for himself and family by way of South Africai By the way Henry is | once more a lather. He now boasts of I a .boy and '.a girl. Good luck to this ! bright young Australian,, who found literature a poorly rewarded- pursuib in Australia. His- ntccess in1 London however, is already assured, for he has many- engagements: to fill. ? Desmond Byrne is the latest Aus tralian addibion to the London-!' Press.' j Mr Byrne was- on thtt Melbourne .papers ; lie is now doing leader and other work for the ' Dail}' Mail,' a journal with a circulation of over a; million. lb is said that Mr. J. Carey, ^presi dent of the Board of 'Directors of tlie ' Daily- Telegraph,' the most-- con- j spicuous among .the conspicious pro moters of the Bushman's contingent, is booked for a knight bachelorship on j Queen's -Birbh day .?????' ? JtfVj Carey- is a « -smarb looking citizen of upwards of 50, he may be GO, who is genial and ener i getic. He goes to South Africa with the rank of Major- (specially Gazetted) as a special service officer; . Mr. Carey is very special, in fact,' just now. He once ' pabrLobically,' formed a syndi cabe.ro take over Sydney's brain- service. Tho beautiful scheme was squashed. . Yicbor ? J. Daley, bhe ' Bulletin ' poet, met with ? a painfuT mishap t he other day. He was fishing on the fore shores of ' the ' beautiful harbour when he tripped and fell on to the rocks some feeb beneath him. He is in bed nursing nasty injuries.- ? The space required at the Royal Easter 6how by the; exhibition courts \ : for the District Societies competition J | of ^150 is so extensive, that a new j i pavilion, at a cost of £650 has to be ' builb for the accommodation of these special exhibits. Nothing ever done by the 'R. A Society has created so much- in country cenbres. Merchants and exporters are fully alive to the value of the project. In addition to this new structure there are several buildings in progress as well as the ?Government Agricultural Hall for all blie State farm .exhibits. The Districb .Societies Hall, and the Government Agricultural Hall are close bogether near the mail turnstiles entrance. The most recent addition of Governmenb : prize money embraces 50 guineas for arbillety horses in teams of five, ' There is bub one ' mixed' club, that is membership of men and women — in Sydney. It is composed of the less known artists and newspaper people, and has a charming entourage. It has jusb held quietly and without boom an exhibition of the artists members work. Charles White's (Bath ursb 'Free Press') book of bushranging history is jusb published in ibs new form. It is well illustrated, but a curious misstate ment is allowed to remain in the very first paragraph, to the effect that there are no records of the earliest bush rangers. There are ample records. The famous old house of the John stone's ab Annandale, which was built by the Colonel Johnstone who deposed Bligh, is now tenanted by a Sydney / solicitor. The last of the historic pines, familiar to a thousand colonials,: which formed the avenue to the house, is- to be soon destroyed. Lieutenant Ryrie, who goes with the Bushmen's contingent, is a great grandson of the' Commissariat General Ryrie whom Sir Thomas Picbon bhreatended to hang. Ib is a coinci dence that Picton the township was named after Sir Thomas, and the most popular soldier of the Picton district, Capbain Larkhi has jusb been I coolly shoved, aside for young Ryrie. One of the raosb deserving, in one sense, of Sydney charities is an ir. stitution. which' shelters some thirty highly born, but out of work— and elbows— young/ Englishmen; Most of the inmates previously tenanted bhe ' Domain, bub seldom have any other topic of con vernation than i( the vulgar ity and crudeness of colonials.' T he s ale of W. C. Wen t wo rth 's per sonal. belongings, through the action taken by the executors of one of his heiresses, ? is really, the effect of ^the destroying, rabbit which has virbually eaten up one of the mosb ? magnificenb squatting propertieii in Australasia. At. Wentworth's sale some of the chairs offered were from the Council of Te.n's Room in the Doge's Palace at .-Venice;' and' a tesselated pavement . from Pompei, 