CONGREGATIONAL. THE UNION MEETING. TIIE LUNCHEON. Subsequent to Die rising of the Con- gri'g.'itlunnl Union, sifter Hitting in pri vate for Home lime, thu wholu company were entertained at luncheon liy the re- tiring preuldcm, Mr Bell. When the uppoDtci of the guciio were ratisfivd, the x-.-nttmcui of thu Queen \vi:o hrnorcd and the Natioral Anthem Kimg. Mr Bell then proposed "The President Elect," who. he hoped, would li.',ve a pror- peroWi year during his term of office. The itcv, Mr Jones war. loudly applaud ed upon rising to reply. He expressed hla gratification at tijivttxpression of cun- tldencc they laid given him, .and having eulogised Hit retiring president, who, he 'aid, had worthily maintained thu grand position of Die Congregational Church In respect lo Its splendid laymen, remarked Dutt he would be content If at tiie end of Die following year lie could feel sun? that he had htvn abiu to attain to r.orn --thing tike the eucccsx of Mr Hell. fApptaus.'). The BaptWt, Proshyterian and \Vus- Lynn denomlnatlomi and the Council of ('S-.urehe wore remembered hy thu chair man, who invited Dm Rev. Mr Carey, of the Colllnn street Baptist Church: Mr Sumner Martin, president of the Baptist Union: I'rnfcanor Harper, and Die Rev. Mr Melkeljohn to respond. The speeches bad considerable reference to union, and the feeling appeared lo be general that the churchm wore drawing much nearer to unity of spirit. The conference resumed Its business session at three o'clock. ' TIIE COUNCIL OF CHURCHES. The Rev. .1. Melkeljohn, president nf the Council of Churches, and Mr Charles Carter, a member of Dil Council, waited on thu Union to explain something of the working of the Council, and lo urge that Die Union should endeavor to strengthen Die Council und Increase its usefulness. "The amount of immorality and wickedness In the colony," u was declared, " is so great, and Ido latry, manifesting Itself' in the pursuit of gold and plcanure, Ih so prevalent that there's a demand upon the churches not only for continued effort liut for Increasing effort In main taining nnd spreading that kingdom which Is not meat, nor drink, nor any material goc.d. but righteousness and peace and Joy In tho Holy Ghost." Mr Carter followed with un Interest ing account of Dto mJsrion work done by Hie Council of Churches. The aubjeut wan put back for discus sion at a later stage. SUNDAY TRADING. The Rev. A. II, Rofu gave notice of motion as follows:— That, in vlc.w of 'flio rqtproariiing general diction, this council espn nc-.s its opposition to tlio doninml mads In the Interim of the liquor iraine, for iho lecaPsnilon of Kunday trading during certain hours, nnd urges that the present law bo mado moro effective hy mahing tho purchaser of llguor. In cintravoii- tUii or ll.v provl.ilmis, liable to punlKhmont tciiiully with the nvllcr. At itn clo?e the meeting was adjourn ed until the following afternoon. 