REVERBERATIONS. [By Hugh Kalyptus.] 01), fancy! Somebody has gone to the Incredible mental exertion of calculating that every woman carries from 40 to 50 miles of hair upon her head. Whose hair,aiid does it embrace the negress? Fancy having to measure round the crisp curves of Kee vaygooshturkeinkankangcwock, a matron of * marvellous tonnage I used to know, ?whose all too brief name signified "The lily, the same shia.pe all the way dtown," Chut is to say, fair and slender. Has any one calculated how many miles of thread there are in a bridal veil, or better still, a ball costume, for the person who has capacity and leisure to measure every individual hair in a .woman's tresses might go one better and give us that. There are some arithme tical maniacs who will tell you how many fleas there are in a dog, or how many yards of loose skin in the hide of the rhinoceros a t the Zoo, who always wears a coat three fcizes too large. I would like to kow many nobblers of whisky . I could have . bought with the mining calls I have paid, and .what number of decades of :years it would-take to drink them.. - i .? Last year Chicago, we. arc told,- turned out 40,000 pianos. I can quite believe it, because every lodging-house has one. The proportion of piano- tuners apparently is about one to .every thousand, judging frogi the absen^of harmony. ' ~i: The Sultan o£ Jahore is .evidently an ori ginal-minded monarch. He: hasiiraproved upon tiger-hunting by using "bicySlebeaters to drive the tiger out of the jungle; but lie does not tell us how the cyclist can wheel through the tangled jungle. I can quite imagine the disgust .of a tiger when trying to make a meal oft abike. "Great Krugers ghost!'' 'he would'-say; "what sort of a* skeleton has the Sultan given us? There's no flesh on these-bare bones. Where's the man?" Tiger-li miters usually tie up a buffalo as bait for the' tiger. Why not use a secondhand bike instead? There's a chance of getting rid of the vast accumu lation of that kind ot article in the auction rooms of Adelaide. Another, article we iwould gladly spare is the street organ with the organ-grinder given in. The in strument that wheezes out "Soldiers of the Queen" would drive out of the densest jungle in Northern India the biggest and boldest tiger that ever gave a nigger a ride inside. Some civic iconoclast has been barbering the gumtrees round Adelaide, and cropped their hair so close after the fashion of bar bers, that they look like a squad of convicts standing'for inspection . Look at a eucalyp tus basiloides with its line umbrageous branches before cutting and note its melan choly shamed aspect as it stands with bare poll jeered a't by the sparrows, and poked fun at by passers-by. There is a long -double row flanking the road by Victoria Park, through which 1 was wont to walk every day for years enjoying the shade. Now even the ants get sunstruck and the cattle have to take turns shading one another. Talking of shade, a funny instance occurred at Victor Harbour. We were watching from the balcony of the Crown Hotel one blazing hot day, a most portly blackwoman in Salvation Army garb holding forth about our sins. . She hud with 'her a little black boy in somebody's cast-off shirt, an airy garment, and he always kept well within the vast shadow which his sable evangelis tic parent cast like a public building. But the old lady in the excitement of her ex hortations kept shifting her position, leav ing liim for a moment in the glare of the sun. Hut the sooty urchin was equal to the occasion. As the old woman moved, he dodged into the shadow again, and I am afraid we lost the moral influence of the discourse in the unconscious comedy of the kiddy following a shadow. The aboriginal Hallelujah lass was so oblivious of it all that it intensified the situation. An Italian military officer has discovered and employed the explosive properties of water, which he says is fifty times greater than gunpowder. At last the ? unwashed Jioers will find a use for water. This dis covery of the dyn'iimiti-sh quality of the liquid may prove' of value to the teetotal lers, and enable them to point out the risk whisky drinkers run by'putting watev in their '"tot." Unfortunately it may lead to people taking their whisky neat. Germans and Frenchmen who take their alcohol by custom "without" are in no danger, which shows that custom is soinetifnes more honoured in tjie observance than in tli-3 breach. 