\- ? : Crich* the orderly, sat on a camp-stool cheering Park)er,whoIay suepicStopsly quiett. " "? ; . Parkerihad ccane fppin Queensland, rrfaNew Jeeseyj JaiBtotog otihfer cities, aaad fch» registered voters of Colesberg had Eihot Ihim. across the spine below the Bhouldexs.. 'My ^tomajoli's a Mfle ouit tof order,' said Barker, cheerily., 'They castfit geit it to work. Except for that, I dooat feel there's anytMng wrong Ciftc h looked eit met, to ' signify it .WOUSd be bieitter tor Parker if he had ta little more feeling. /We're cominVon heausliifully, afinfts we?' eaM Crich, amd Parker needed. - Tm the liaet <f four all spinal cases-aE to this teat, lijoo!1 said Parker. 'I've eeen 'em all go, and here tam I hanging cm by my finger-naMe Ttpey all went,, di&nrrti; they?5 'Yes,' said Cridhj, his braces round bis hips; 'am' they all called for mie 'fore sflhey Tirent. 'Member "Commy?' Parker smiled. Sir Philip Sydney en-iled very much in the fashion. 'Oh, yes. I was oa special allowance of brandy, but Tommy, fee always looked for & lirtle of mine in his lemonade. Couldn't speak mndhi btft he used to roll his eyes to my bed. Tommy liked hfis tot o' brandy and lemonade., ,W<hieii did ihe go, Oriehf* Tes'day afternoon. You warn asleep, Paiker. He said, 'Crich. old man, where are yfou?' he said. 'Right here, in front o* you,' I says, and l wenit to 'low 'cause I knew what wias coming. 'I can't wee yon, Crich,' Ji'ei says. Then t laid 'old ot his arms in my ftwo 'ands. 'Thatfa bertj&er;,' he cays, :I can't see yon, I can feel you, he sajy». 'Don't let go, Crich," toe cays, and. in. a minute or two he wsb off, as quiet as anything. Ton was asleep, Barker. Oh, yes^ they all asked for old GrMi to take 'old of w^eri they went off., Parker's goin' ts> best the lot of 'em.' This to me. Last o' four spinal easels he is, and he's goon' to Nettley, an? he'll be all rigttit In a few weeks. 'Aye some more tjoraatias,- Par ker?" The gSaait turned ibis head and raised an arm. * He tiould not quite reach the tomatoes. Criclh stepped ac ross tihe tent, lavishly douched the cat fiuift: with oal and vMegar, and. exhibi ted Faifcer i® tfltoei tact of eating. Then Barker Stalked real estate ®pefc nlatttaos to Orange, New Jersey, and dtoek-rlding' in Queensland; Crich sup plying an ever-appreciative dhorus. I wiatched -tihe superbly-built body, so all jaill<ve fat th!e che&t; line, so all dead below;, sund it seemed to me unfair iflhait nervous analelty tin make Cape Cottony a 1it>Be jbaven of peace' had led at meuittal Gev <eaunienjtf 4o poetpome tihe ordikiiary pre jxaratiaras for war till the Colesberg reb els (all megMtered voifaere, remember) <eould cOnvenjieraffliy miangle Parker's *pinal-cord. I Said it upon Crich, the Siairy-chestfid and adequate, that Par ker must not die, and Cridh hopefully hopeless said, out of Barker's (hewing, tfhait he would do his damtaedjefefc. Tlhat was some weeks ago. I have *een Parker twice or thrice since, bult to- day {his bed fis empty. He 'has best ed the registered voter of Oolesberg, all Jtibe young doctor* who propihteied deaitih, iflind Crich, who oouldn't eee amy other may ouit of it. He h\aB gone home ic^ & steamer <to Nettley witih the efhamee of living, 9Mf d^ad^for la year of two, and the ghost of a dhande that hie may paittiaily re cover.. This is a load off my mind. JPor scwne absorb reason Parker was my war-fest5sh. HeheUd om ithrooigh the Idack days ere liadyjsmiltih was relieved; Sie heard of CromjeV fsurrendwr'^ and now, «ut Madeira, he will learni fthaifc Bloem foniein is his aaid ours, . . The war goes better; wfltih Barker jj^fed BObbefontein disposed of we can at to the hosjfitai®. IDiiinnnsss, tihe ligliltlj^u^tiacshted eergfetsgnt-major of & |KKRSie_lj{^fery, hiais gone away; but not before livas of three or four depreHst^^a^ morbid, by his cheer faftlh^as and BagyiMiDB,, UHKnttSs has «ix-aa4-tweaity years' eervioe. He reful^ed hfe majority 11 yea»ag(\ because it wias not in Ms be loved battery, and he is a® ?odycop®e flla of mSlltaiy knowledge-4he unofBcal brand. I heard !hlm teil his tent ekwr fi dentially 'thlait if he i^ad known waaat sort of a SiHy soitt of war ftfrfe wjar wafil fpftjng ftn itaimi out, hie wjcwild firave retired He caught something ajfc Magersfon. tbedn, which has kept him in bed flor a few weeks, but now toe is at the fnoaiit again . He was more or less 4ns charge of Itfoef liorse battery wMeh, oufc^jf pure politeness, stood still to takejtfiie Boens fire when; otir naval gun on the1 left dSd not see ^the flag of truce, wenst on firing, And brought down a fresh Boer, fusi lade. Said Dinnjss-'Of course, we oat tighjfc, to show ft was a mistake, but the sheila were making our homes skittish,, so I said: 'Send a driver to their heads. TUi-ey're a little sfay.. I looked round, an there weren't any drivers! D'you imow what fthey were dloing? Ghiajanf rats round a bush! Yi&s;! Bat fetmitm' raider fire. On my worrud, I dofu'fc be lieve drivers have so wis. Noj, note oiife!' 'Where they cockneys by any chance, Dinnies?' I (asked. 'Ye may my so. We come from St. John's Wood, Londjan, N.' The tenit ami tSse orderlies grieved wlie® Diinnisis left, for he Iliad great au thority, and mosit pereuiasive tact. JNowc Derby, of the Inniskiilings, faad no au thority. He lived on hfi® ifcongue and his skill in orttfiainkingorderlftes. Derby £c& It badly in the leg, and hopped like a cockrobixi in sqarlet flanmel between .fflie tents. He was marked for Eng land, and (tbe day before he bailed all Rondetoscfc was ttoo small for his trans ports, A visitor camie wiitilx pipes and tobac co for thie men, and Darby Steered Mm towiardis a convalescent. 'D'you wanifc to buy a pipe?' slaad Derby, with a ser ious face, 'They're only three-pence and the baccy's ome an? three-penee a ^tiick. It's dirt chelap.' TSie convales cent fingered the Stock, and demanded cigaretfcets. I'm sorry,' said Derby, 'but "Wie're sold ouit of ciglaretfces. If you'll give your order, miay be this man will-' Then tihe cowvtalesceait tumbled iJo the jest, and Derby fliad run for lit all be tween the tenft- pegis. There should be lively times on Derby's boat home, but he is ffche kindest of &ouls; to an invalid., Hie twins are not on their feet yeft. Tfliey are botSi Australians, boitih have broken legist, "they lie side by side, their legs Ini slings, and orae loytally caps the other's tallest yarn. A few days back {talk turned on whait bliack fellows could do wfitfh a boomerang. A Fusilier curt, and torn to pieces with barb wire, a 9th Lancer, and a West Yorkshire man told the twins (to draw it mild. Sticks could licit twist and turd in that way. It was as absurb as tflite word Woolloomoolooo. Entered then from tunottGiier tenrfj convalescent Bjate. of 'Manitoba, hSft down at Slinger'e or Arundei. Rae said he did not understand boom etrangs, biifc tMaigs could be laadte to eurv<j 5n ithe air, for all the 9th Lancer said. For instance there 'wtas & gtame* called baseball. Bae illustxaibed with bis sound arm thow a pSfecftwer sends tin a curved ball, and fihte1 twin©, applauding, welcomed -him as am ally " Tlhsey hiad a file of Australian papers with pictures of boomerangs; would the 9th Lancer please gelt them out from (the shelf, and itihey would explain? So, under the pines planted in Souitih Africa by men from tie norih, Welsh men, tyke, Cockney, and Caflnadifan bent tfeeir heads over a Melbourne weekly, while a Queenslander read the lefcter ipress., Johnson, of a Highland regiment-he looked very like Alan Breck-had (tried to stop a shell splinter wMto his stom ach, said it cost Ih'im elgh?fc weeks tagpny. The first time we met Ihe walked crab fashion, his bloe eyes alight with pain. Hear, 0 Heaven, and bear witness; O Earth, thaiti -there was no more Soutih. Africa for Jotason and 'his s^omactu! A fortnight later we sat in tike sun wi% a wirsnfiring Guardsman, half of whose larynx had beesx put out of commission by a down-dropping: bullet. But Johnson was a changed man. He tiaa developed a; scheme, and explained it as *be sat graspon^ Ms ankles and rocking <to and fro. TShey were going tfo send him tioi Green Ramifc wiiftn other convalescents. The odds were they would send him home, and <they did not suit Johnson's revised book. Ym a saddler by tmdie. TOtifey'il not miss the liikees of atie wilu^i fehey are repairing cdl lais and .hJaraiesiaeis. ril not be sent 'home 1011 the war-i!s over-if I can help Sorely ^Hhey^l need a co23ar-mafcer. IHien 111 be able 'to get back agaSin.' He went off tic draw his kit, walk ing ctfrkily, and the Gmardsman whis husky ojDgiiatouMiotoe. ' But {here is o Sprimgin M'Oottfflelj, sergeant of anotSser Highland regfUnesnt -wotfhing but BOUT disgust., He got it in the hfcmd round Psaardeberg a rending pattering bullet, #nafc has marked him for Fingljand- Aid there ia what is left . jaf Ills eompQuy to cooSsider, ajnd itihere is hte unp&Iid; debt to tihe Boer, drawing fintere&teveryday;, aaJditihfes'eiis Ms i"5gih& hand tihrobbSiig aaiid acihing Sin tlhe night -watches- His chief insber<es9t is ffihe daftly paper and the U^b of the Boer dead. He lies In his comer,-smoking, brooding, and medifcaWng diow ido escapeEugflmd. But fiiis fcasnd-rig^M. hand. with the iroai-hlard forearm-is useless. 'He al ways comes back to fthait. Not far from him lies Carter, who wemt down, hill by reason of a fractured thigh and .some fever. Then, he got bed-sore©-(two, he told me- land 41Iien they got 'him an alr-mat (fcrests. Garter came near to losing Bias life, but the siiory to the ward is <Siiajt< Neeld. a graceless Cockny Highlander bucked ffiim up, precisely as Dismiss bucked up the mam shot through the lungs. Anyhow, CaiHser is spared, whicJh i!s a sign of graces, and illrey have taken him out for ia email wtalk In a wheeled chair. 'He k<ep' ask∋' all Jiftie way up hill if he was Aoo heavy, «afid on© of Cariter'ia steeds-a convalescent with a helad-wkmnd. 'Well, you see, it's/volunr tary, not compulsory, .taMn' danvajLes cents ouV says Carter,, mtjher tremu lous abou itihe moutQi. *You don't weigh mlore'n a i&t; now,' as the answer, and then, itlhte voice toucfli ed with beauitiful foendettmesis, Did ye tifce it, 'Arry?' Did he like St? After ithree months he has seen trees and sunslfria^e, and felt #he big sky above ham. He picked up the gottd dirt of tbe eianth and Idt it run 'through his fingers. Now he as going ttX> sleep. Id a li'ftle wMle Mylfcon will be fit to wlbeel out. ? He flMls from St. John, New Brunswick-the o3d city of many fires over ag∈&t; ithie racing Fundytlde. The scenlt of -the Wynberg pine-needles makes him on;e jelly of homesickness. Providence sendj® to his bedside one w!hio knows Ms c4ty9 «und Gfcreeifc by str©e>t and suburb by suburb, from Casitor in the Forum to Mars without ittue wall" from tUhe friagraint lumber-mills ito Loch Lomond-Mylton goes over Ht all re joicing. * Yes, flbue tonlo'ws, moreover, Dalhouisie, Gaispe, and tall Bja&e; Chaleur, and how he loDQgs fto see ttihem! ? Two yards away a Yorkshire Reser vist points out ia man who is; faffoiirnifing a c anvils and wool belt that all paces under Heavm thfere is niotnie like Brad ford. He is married, with four children and a damaged slhoulder; biife all will he well wfaien hie reiturtus to Bradford, 'in. t' rfbeamer.' Laseelles. Tasmanian MonUt-ed Tn famitry, hold quite voitfher "views. Hie has come through mudh rough ia/nd tumble work, ending wiitih abscess of the liver. Thait removed, thiey ihave: pitft frfrT fta 5ighi duty at Mailland Camp till he is fit tio «it a. horse., -His eyes are sunk and heavy, buit 3te seas far. He is (Hie «*n of a Hobaa# fruSt-grower. Whoffl abo>ut fruife-growang iini itihis country? Is himself (an apiie man;, but under staxids peadhies and plums. He noticed while in (hospiltjal .thialfc mamy apples senffc to canvalesdeoiftis were full of codMn grub, which he considers for more ser ious tfisam; Bocis. What aibwist rfed scale and otjbfer fruit pests'? rn TiaBinania t.lds wood for freight nates? In Tasmania the wood Sor an apple cosits tikreepence half- peimiy. and *tfhe compldfed artiide less thau five, pence. On -tilie other (hand; Souffch Attica, is sniearer London; itflian Hobart, Las celles works out the sum in Ms head, and emerges to say ithkt he has dug many samples of soil round Kimberiey; Ibias also looked ovea* many farms up coustry ass he rode /tjhmugfli tffljiem. Lasoelles thinks 'tha?t-TasmafQlLa be ing: a small place-a youhg man migBft do worse thao, settle here and grow up iin a new ctouniay, eh? It Ss represented rto Iffiscellas iibat he is thfe kind of man we need badly. Yes,,, Mr. Lasoelles. Si'is is -tiie esse land for 'ftSie new wtm of coionlail experience-for opens-air m«i used to large spaced and plain liv ing-thousands of them.. Here is every thing-horses, caititle, wool, and fzn5". Do you know any mome young men of ttie same views-Mil nitoha ranchers* New Zealand sheep men, fruit-growers of S2je s^with? U 60, bring them along, a^d we to . as 1flie world Jiials; " -^^celles admits he talked ftoi several friends about the dom of settlinghere after *t|he war. ey, think well: of It. - 1^20 minutus Iltave pledged the hon onrof tiw Empire to the"hilt W behalf /- ?offcasceHes and Co.. If they mean bus taessriBveiythihB shall be made easy for *fce*r first start, liwm them iaaB \- ^ ^inod^^ Xiaie lea^ you w&U; , and TTO ^sl^3I ^et 4 per cfflxt) . I will slap tfowm taUways Mong itihe vaMeys, where the frujgt grows, so that no farm meed *haul her dried: pranfe more iiaxi five miles to tithe rail. CI&Ss; is not so mad as it sounds, .for such vaiteye are few.) T W311 ^arramge low freaghfte, if I have : to go down on ray knees to a German .-. sJhipptog firm. I wH break the Oovent Oarden fruit-ring ta flinders. I will eiect cold-storage warehouses by the acre, and chilled fruSt-oars 'at 40dieg.. linUorm shiall be eus coinmion as caifctle trucks on our lines. X will develop uri 3er Gho care of , hialf-a- dozen canal ; officers from India such a sdheme of ar . TSs&ticto; (it Will not eo^t more than thrae inilliomis to begin with) as shall -1 beat 'the Bam Doab, Colorado. and the Queen^basod colonies combined. \- Mr. liajsceJles acceptas everything fcalmy. He is young and has the divfrne faith. *Itl tweaaty years' time!' he says, rand his eye, wittfli a budding style on it, glows. 'Ah, but it's all a gamble,' I make (haste to qualify. 'One has <to take one's chances.' Ill take 'em,, says Mr. Lasoelles;' . .nd, wlhen you oome to think of it, a man who has been risking Ms life for a few weeks 5s not going to be deterred by <the prospect of one fruit farm or half a dk>zep, for thato ma)t}ber, failing on J As hands. Meantime, wiM you please take notes of 1fcble few schemes I flUave committed you too'? Bedause iin five yiears you will be (Lending money on them, and they will pay more momey .fchiaai itrappy gold reefs or South American team ways*. _ The "temts are fuCl of boys who, with a \- little* steering, would settle here. Nixon of-Vancouver, for instance, IsSn real es flaifce and life infeuramiee when toe is aiti thomie.; He was also an the canadi'an rush on the' Paardeberg laager. Being a yortflb of cheerful speculative _ item peramenjtj he would 'be shrewd enough to pronounce on Uhie chainoes of a new country, if any wtne brought him Ifhe facts and figures-and the fancies. Aa St is, Hue lies im bedi with aobulleifc ?through his leg;, and thinks about a Van couver girl. Coiliiss, alsjo Western man, in real te^darte, would be another splen did recruit. He shed his blood for -the ©ounfcry witihi a vengeance, tfehe bullet merely missing tan atffaery. He would fcltay in the oounltry of properly approach ed. 'He is san/full^ proud of. the fao't ffiftalt of eight hundred and fifty Cama diaios engiaged in this business not more \- than fiour hundred a/md sixity care at tiMs datie available. And they were not cut down by sickness nor cut off by \- patrols. We may assumie, Itih em, thaft among iihe hospBtiais lie three hundred Cana dians of the very sftamp and breed we( require-young, sound, dean, intelli gent. well-educated, of whom severaty five per tceqit. li&old; or hiave held Japd. Three hundred possible heads of sane and soaped families. Aind not a mam to #show them maps and photots and plans, to develop schemes to lone them to stay : in South Africa. We shall let all these beautiful men ,and hundreds and hun dreds more, go back to 'ilhieir own place and never lifit a finder to stay them. V. Truly we we ttuemgut wasteful as ?- we are the -most ddle. a^aitiom under heaven! Derby and; DiriMss, and Crfch,. and Neeld and John-sen. and the young \- ..postman alt Crieff, and my own pogtman aff Bctbtingdion; (jhie is there 5n a beaner company), and the main that drives ttie hig brewery waggon at Newhaven ((he is here in tshe Black . Watch and wa^ hiifi gfe ISfagersfcatein), must go home when xne-war fs ended. BLesslDgs and mantes go wSffli them . Tlhey all are either Reserve men, ilhelr places ynaifing for <tihem or men of 'the regular lfoie without a trade. But "we need Mylton when Jbe gieis better, and Nison. and Coliis&p; and Ivascelicss. , tie Twins, ;^d/a- few thousand more of their Jddajey to stav "and in fieifit.. ^ "^OT ibe land is %ood laffid . It has . been wilfully and wlclcedly stajrved Carved bv policy and craffe tlirougih many yoaxs lest an incompetent rac^e should be found out before th© "fiace or j.}: *th» nations. \- .*.: " .' :. :-a; 