THE GOOD OLD "VAG." _______ ROCHE BUMPS A SNAG, Levien Lashes Lustily. JlMMY GOVERNOR'S "BANK." A "Flash" Fifty. A good deal of the time of the Central Police Court was taken up on Friday week, when two men, who both seemed respect- able members of society, appeared before Mr. Wilshire, S.M., charged under a certain section of the Vagrant Act with having in II citr. t .awful u.ca .a of support. Their names respectively were Frank Foster, 44, laborer, and Henry Williams, 28, clerk. They were both defended by Mr. H. Levien, M.P. Detective Roche conducted the prosecu- tion. The men had been remanded from the previous Wednesday, there being a third man charged in conjunction with the two other accused, and for whom Mr. Stewart appeared. This man, whose name was Haines, was remanded on the same charge, evidently to suit the peculiar workings of Detective Roche's mind, until Wednesday, the l2th instant. When asking for a remand on the Wednesday, Mr. Levien pointed out that it was useless wasting the time of the court, as the men could prove they were fairly well in, and on a point of law the charge must fail. MB. LEVIEN TACKLES ROCHE. Detective Rocboasserted that ihcnien ware confidence men, and had taken a man down for over £100. This statement brought Mr. Levien into violent objection, ho remarking % to Detective Roche, 'You have absolutely no right to make lhat statement. Those men are charged with vagrancy, and it is {or you to prove it. Thavs vhe way you slip in with these matters under the magis trate's nose. We've had enough of lhat fiort ol thing in iho court lately. It is time it was altered. It's for the Bench, nut you, to mention these matters. If you say they are confidence men, well, I've got every confidence in them.' (Laughter). Mr. Wilshiro remanded the men in Separate personal sureties of £20 each, and one additional suretv oi £20. THE EVIDENCE. On ths case being called on Friday, Detective Roche gave evidence of ihe arrest of Williams and Foster on the 14th uit. Witness Saw them speaking to a man named Murphy. Ue asked Foster what he was doing with Murphy, and arrested him. Williams cleared out, but was subsequently arrested. 'Id like to know what all this parapher nalia has to do with this charge,' said Mr. Levien. 'It's wasting time; but you can go on, Mr. Roche.' Witness, continuing, said that Murphy had told him thai the accused Williams and others had taken him down for £100, un icr the pretence of backing horses. Accused when arrested had £5s. upon him and a gold chain and other articles of jewelle'ry. Ho offered to give Murphy a ilU-note that night and another one in the morning if he wuuld not get him into any trouble. Accused had a 'cronk ' £10 note upon him which he said he kept as a curio. Detective Roche, in replj' to an objection raised by Mr. Levien as totlie admissibility of tbe evidence, made certain statements to the magistrate. ' I wish you would listen to my objec tions, Mr. Roche,' said the solicitor hotly. Tour conduct as an oflicer of the law is distinctly reprehensible. You are trying bard to predudice the judicial mind against the e men, and I won't have it. You don't run this court altogether, remember.' A CHUMP AND HIS CASH. After this little breeze, the inspector, James Murphy, was put into the box. He ? was a sUudy-haired member of the country cousin variety, and looked rather, awkward as he stepped into the box. Still ho smiled occasionally during the recital of his evi dence, as* though he rather enjoyed it. Briefly told, his story was to the effect that be and a mate had lately arrived from tlie ' Darling,' near Bourke, and one night in King-street the accused Williams accosted him, and they had a yarn about THE ELECTRIC TRAMS. Mr. Levien again objected to the nature of the evidence. Mr. Wilshire, however, decided to admit it. Witness further stated the accused bad introduced him to; a 'real good friend of big,' who won a lot of money by backing horses, and who got the best tips from the owners, and if he (witness) liked to keep the thing a secret he (accused) would let him in the swim and thus he could win LARGE SUMS OF KONE^ for him. Witness had told accused that ho bad £W0 coming down from Bourke the ^Mr^Wilshire : Di*l ttio accused Williams \ako you^t'o'xne races ? Yes. Did they show you any betting tickets? Yes. Mr. Levien : What more did he want. This roan has blew ei his 'gilt what's the use of crying about it. {Laughter). Detective Roche : Were you not intro duced to two men named West and Alexander? Mr. Levien : What an obstinate man you are, Roche. You've got no case, but you will persist in keeping us here all day. All this has nothing whatever to do with tbe charge. Detective Roche (further crossexamin ing) : Did not one of the accuscd run away when I came up? Mr. Levien (good-humoredly) : Wouldn't any man run away from you when you cauie en tlie scene i (Laughter). Witness further stated that be had been told by one of tho accused that he had a ' good tip for the next day. Mr. Levien ; So have I got a good tip for to-morrow. I might go down ; but I won't howl over it if I do. I know what'a going to win the Epsom. (Laughter). Mr. Stewart (to witness): How much have you got in the bank now ? Witness : I've got ? Mr. Levien : Don't you answer that question to my friend here. It's easy seen what he's after. Don't you trust him with that information. (Loud laughter), Mr. Wilshire : I think that you bad better keep thit to youiself. Addressing Detective Roche, his Worship said : ** You cannot go on with this charge on this evidence. If you had the necessary proof you might bring a charge ©f conspiracy against the accused, or one of stealing.' Detective Roche : But, your Worship, I Want to show that Williams has no lawful means of support. Mr. Lev. en : You've just proved it. Ho had 25s. on him when arrested. Why will you so persistently push your case, even agafrBtbis Worship' 3 remarks, Lord Chief Jus-''*} Roche ? (Loud Laughter). } active Rpche : Suppose any of these tie. had been in gaol 1 Wilshire: What would that matter? Going to gaol does not necessarily prove a man to be a beggar. A man may be the biggest 'spieler ' in the world, but a charge ; tsij|h as this ihust be proved according to the lVtuirements of the law. t)n recei vin -insurance from Mr. Levien, that Foster .-^a banking account with money baotU ^ 4 his credit, the two ac cused were discharged. Some 'r 'moment was caused by Mr. Levien ..tdiifg an imitation £50-note, which I' hotfded to his Worship. The note was marked '£50, Sidney; manager, i Little Be by ; entered by Jimmy Governor, . accountant. * j On Wednesday last, the third accused, Edwin Haines, appeared before Mr. Edwards, S.M., in the same court, ia , answer to the same charge as that preferre 1 against Foster and Williams ou the 7th instant. Detective Rocheagain conducted the pro sreutiou, and MrJLevicn who appeared for the accused, as&ed; for his dischargo on the ground that when arrested he had a sum of money upon him exceeding £4, and there were also other proofs adducible in his favtr which showedconclusi vol y that he had lawful i meails of support. He (Mr. Levien) had | noticed that in a similar case in another j court his Worship had discharged an ac I cured person ou tho same grounds as Mr. I Wilshire had discharged Foster and Wil liams, whom he (Mr. Levien) had defended it lhat court on the previous week. Detective Roche: i would like his Wor ship to listen to what I have to say before 1 e discharges the accused. I have no wish Vo withdraw the charge. I had a reason lor i- c .iiig him up, and 1 would like to prove my reasons for doing so. I could scarcely arrest the accused unless I had a very good reason for so doing. Mr. Levien : No, you would not dare to. Tho police do some strong things some* times, but they would scarcely dare to commit an action of that kind. .They have to be careful. What's tho use of persisting with this case when you know you haven't a ghost of achanco of winning it ? You are only wasting the time of tho court uselessly. His Worship: lam inclined to think that upon tho facts I have heard tbe evidence c:mnot substantiate the charge. However, 1 will hearths evidence for the prosecution. Detective Roche, in a most self-satisfied way, then o.^erod his evidence. He stated that he arrest 3d the accused inGeorge-sthset on the 5th instant, .-it the polico station witness found tho sum of £4 12s. 10. i. upon him, together with a quantity of papers. Mr. Levien : I don't see that there is any necessity to go any further, your Worship. This money proves lawful means of support in tliis ease, as in tho others, and also proves tho futility of this most ansurd charge. I ask that tho accuscd be discharged. His Worship agreed with Mr. Levien's argument, ami discharged the accused ac curlingly. 