The People's Christ. Sermon bx.thh Late Bet. C. H. SriJEQEON. "I have exalted One chosen out of the people." — Psalm lxxxix. 19. WE will commence with our Saviour's f 7 extraction. Christ, by His very birth, was one of the people, i True, He was born of a royal ancestry. Mary and Jo seph were both of them de scendants of a kingly racei but tbe glory baa depart ed ; a stranger sat on the throne of Judah, while the lawful heir grasped the li: :ner and the adze. Mark'-e well the place of His nativity. Born in a stable— cradled in a manger where the horned oxen fed— His only bed their fodder. Lis slumbers often broken by their lowings, He might be a prince by birth; but certainly He had not a princely retinue to wait upon Him. He was not clad in purple garments, nei ther wrapped in embroidered clothing ; the halls of kings were not trodden by His feet, the marble palaces of monarchs were not honoured by His infant smiles. - Take notice of the visitors who came around His cradle. The shepherds came first of all. We never find that they lost their way. No, God guides the shepherds, and He did direct the wise men, too, but they lost their way. . It often happens that, while I shepherds find Christ, wise men miss Him. | But,- however, both of them came, the magi and the shepherds ; both knelt round that manger, to show us that Christ was the Christ of all men; that He was not merely the Christ of the magi, but that He was the Christ of the shepherds — that He was not merely the Saviour of the pea sant, but also the Saviour of the learned. His education, too, demands our attention. He was not taken, as Moses ' as, ; from his mother's breast, to be educated in the halls of a monarch ; He was not brought up with all those affected airs which are given to persons who have golden spoons in their mouths at their births. lie was not brought up as the lordling, to look with disdain on everyone ; but, His father being a carpenter, doubtless Lc toiled in His father's workshop. "Fit place," a quaint author says, " for Jesus ; for He had to make a ladder that should reach from earth to heaven. And why should He not be the son of a carpenter?" Bull well He knew the curse of Adam : "In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread." Had you seen tbo holy Child Jesus, you would have beheld nothing to distinguish Him from other children, save that unsullied purity which rested in His very countenance. When our Lord entered into public life, still He was the same. What was His rank? Did He. array Himself in scarlet and purple? Oh! no; He wore the simple garb of a peasant — that robe "without seam from the top to the bottom," one simple piece of stuff, without ornament or embroidery. Did He dwell in state, and make a magnificent show in His journey through Jutlea?. No; He toilrd His weary way, and sat down on the curb-stone of the well of Sychar. He was like others, a poor Man ; He had not courtiers around Him; He had fishermen for His com panions ; and when He spoke, did He speak with smooth and oily words? Did He walk with dainty footsteps, like the king of Amulek? No, He often spoke like the rough Elijah ; He spoke what He meant, and He meant what He said. He spoke to the people as the people's Man. His motives are apparent ; and without pretending to enter the cabinet council of Jehovah, we may discover them. For one thing, we see that justice is thereby fully sa'isfied by the choice of one out of the people. The law declares, "The soul that sinneth, it shall die." Now, man sins, and therefore man must die. Justice re quired that, as by man came death, by man also should come the resurrection and the life. The law required that, as man was the sinner, man should be the victim — that as in Adam all died, even so in another Adam should all be made alive. Consequently it was necessary that Jesus Christ should be chosen out of the people : for had you blazing angel near the throne, that lofty Gabriel, laid aside his splen dours, descended to our earth, endured pain, suffered agonies, entered the vault of death, and groaned out a miserable ex istence in an extremity of woe, after all that he would not have satisfied inflexible . justice, because it is said, a man must die, and otherwise the sentence is not executed. | But there is another reason why Jesus ; Christ was chosen out of the people. It is ' because thereby the whole race receives j honour. Do you know, I would not be an .angel, if Gabriel would ask me. If he would beseech me to exchange places with him, I would not; I should lose so much by the exchange, and he would gain so much. Poor, weak, and worthless though I am, yet I am a man, aud, being a man, there- is a dignity about manhood — a dig- ! nity lost one day in the garden of the fall, I but regained in the garden of resurrec tion. It is a fact, that a man is greater than an angel — that in heaven humanity I stands nearer the throne than angelic ex istence. You will read in the Book of the Revelation, of the four-and-twenty elders , who stood around the throne, and in the outer circle stood the angels. The elders, who are the representatives of the whole Church, were honoured with a greater nearness to God than the ministering spirits. ; Why, man — elect man — is the greatest thing in the universe, except God. Man sits up tliere — look! at God's right hand, radiant with glory, there sits a Man ! Ask me who governs Providence, and di rects its awfully mysterious machinery; I tell you it is a Man — the Man Christ Jesus. Ask me who shall come to judge the earth in righteousness, and I say, a Man. A real, veritable Man is to hold the scales of judgment, and to call all nations around Him. And who is the channel of grace? Who is the emporium of all the Father's mercy? Who is the great gathering up of all the love of the covenant? I reply, a Man — the Alan Christ Jesns. And Christ, being a man, has exalted you, and exalted mo, and put us into the highest ranks. Ho made us, originally, a little lower than the angels, and now, despite our fall in Adam. He hath crowned us, His elect, with glory and honour, and hath set us at His right hand in heavenly places in Christ Jesus, that in the ages to come He might show the exceeding riches of His grace in His kindness towards us through Christ Jesus. But, my brethren, let us take a sweeter view than that. Why was He chosen ont of the people? Was it not this — that He might be able to be thy brother in the blest tie of kinired blood? Oil 1 what relationship there is between Christ and the believer 1 " One there is above all others Well deserves the name of Friend; His is love beyond a brother's, Faithful, free, and knows no end." I have a great Brother in heaven. I have heard boys say sometimes in the street that they would tell their brother ; aud I have often said so when the enemy has attacked me—" I will tell my Brother in heaven." I may be poor, but I have % Brother who is rich; I have a Brother who is a King ; I am brother to the Prince of the kings of the earth ; and will He suffer 1110 to starve, or want, or Jack, while He is on His throne? Oh, no; Ho loves me; He has fraternal feelings towards me ; He is my Brother. But, more than .that: think. 0 believer! Christ is not merely thy . Bi'othor, but He is tby Husband. "Thy Maker is thy Husbafld ; the Lord of Hosts is His name.". Oh! to know by the in fluence of the Holy Ghost that the sweet alliance is made between my soul and the ever-precious Jesus ; sure, 'tis enough to quicken nil my soul to music, and make each atom of my frame u grateful songster to the praise of Christ. Come; let me re member when I lay like an infant in my blood, cast out in the open field; let mo recollect the notable moment when He said, " Live I" and let me never forget that He has educated me, trained me up, and one day will espouse me to Himself in right eousness, crowning me with a nuptial crown in the palace Of His father. Oh! it is bliss unspeakable ! I wonder not that the thought doth _ stagger my words to utter it !— that Christ .is one of the peopis, that He might be nearly related to you and to me, that He might be the next of kin. " In ties of blood with sinners one, Our Jesus is to glory gone; Hath all His foes to ruiri hurled — Sin, Satan, earth, death, hell, the world." Saint, wear this blessed thought, like - a necklace of diamonds, around the neck of thy memory ; put it, as a golden ring, on the finger of recollection ; and use it as the King's own seal, stamping the peti tions of thy faith with confidence of suc cess. But now another idea suggests it self. Christ was chosen out of the people that He might know our wants and svi.i. pathise with us. My brother Christian, there is no place . where thou canst r.o where Christ has not been before vim, sin ful places alone excepted. In the dark val ley of the shadow of death thou may (St see His bloody footsteps — footprints marked with gore ; "ay, and even at the deep waters of the swelling Jordan thou shalt, when thou comest hard by the side, say, " There are the footprints of a Alan : whese are they?" Stooping down, thou shalt discern a nail-mark, and shalt say, "Those are the footsteps of the Blessed Jesus." He hath been before thee ; Ha bath smoothed the way ; He hath entered the grave, that He might make the tnmb the royal bedchamber of the ransomed race, the closet where they lay aside the gar ments of labour to put on the vestments of eternal rest. Tn all places whitherso ever we go, the Angel of the covenant has been our forerunner ; each burden we carry has once been laid on the shonlders of Immanuel. "His way was much rougher and' darker than mine ; Did Christ my Lord suffer, and shall I repine?" When our Lord shall come again, it will not be in humiliation, for He shall sit upon the throne of his father David, and shall judge all nations. "The Lord shall come, but not the same As once in lowliness He came: A humble Alan before His foes ; A weary Alan, and full of woes." Ah. no. Rainbows shall be about His head; He shall hold the sun in His right hand as the token of His government; He shall put the moon and stars beneath His feet, as the dust of the pedestal of His throne, which shall be of solid clouds of light. The books shall be opened — those massive books which contain the deeds of bo. a quick and dead. Ah ! how. shall the despised Nazarene sit triumphant over all His foes. No more the taunt, the jeer, the scoff; but one hideous cry of misery, "Hide us from the face of Him that sit- teth on the throne !" Oh, ye who now look with contempt on Jesus and His cross, I tremble for you. Oh, fiercer than a lion on his prey is love when once incensed. Oh, despisers! I warn ye of that day when the placid brow of the Alan of Sor rows shall be knit with frowns ; when the eye, which onco was moistened by dew- drops of pity shall flash lightning on its enemies;' and the hand which once was nailed to the cross for our redemption, "shall grasp the thunderbolt for your damna-, tion ; while the month 'which once said." "Come unto Ale, ye weary," shall pro nounce in words louder and more terrible than the voice of the thunder, "Depart ye, crused !" ' Sinners ! ye may think it a trifle to sin against the Alan of Nazareth, but ya shall find that in so doing ye have offended the Alan who shall judge tie earth in righteousness ; and for your rebellion y shall endure waves of torment in the eter nal ocean of wrath. From that doom may God deliver you! 