Cycling Notes. [By Spokes.] There was an interesting straggle between the! element on Saturday last, rain, wind, and sun, each straggling for a lead. At about; 1 o'clock, how ever, the rain retired sulkily from the -contest, and a high wind escorted a feeble and fitfal son towards the Ade laide Oral, thereby materially helping to brighten both the prospects of the L.S.AW. and the . chances of the -competitors. The attendance was splendid, and the somewhat long programme was ^ watched with interest until the darkening shadows and an empty feeling proclaimed the fact that sapper would most probably be the next meal. ' The programme was unnecessarily Strang oat through bad management on the part of those in charge of the motor tandems, circuit after circuit of the Oral being made just to show how the wheels went round. At least, that was the opinion of one juvenile critic. , A rather smart win by Ghampness * opened the proceedings, he getting over the mile (less 60 yards) in 2 min. 12 2-5th sec. from Fleming and Allen. Kiesziing, Lumn, and McCalman also rode well up to their Jubilee form, and have apparently become accustomed to , the change of banking, which is more than can be said of the balk of our local riders. The International Scratch Miles * were all run at a slow, puddling pace, the actual scramble being reserved, as usuai, for the last quarter-mile. The final for the race provide a splendid struggle, but popular feeling dies hard, and there were many present who thought and said—1 Ah, if Bobby had only started a little sooner,' <kc. A keen observer of horse racing has said that its hard to pick'em when > the stable has two of 'em. Perhaps had Morgan been out of the contest we should have seen a different finish. But there, all honor to the man who , split the stable pair. ^ ' The heats for the Adelaide Wheel V Race proved interesting, llht time #- after time the local men slowed oil the ' banked ends of the oval, and allo wed V the seasoned back men to get up with [ them. No less than seven men from | the rear ranks have qualified for next J| Saturday as against five South Aus I tralians. On Saturday's running the \ winner should come from— ,*z Jackson, Mathias, and Kibszlino. For the Flying Stakes some excep tionally smart passages were recorded, one half-mile being credited to Walne as having been left behind in some thing short of 54 sec. Walne thinks the watch had just been oiled or had received a sadden, fright at the unusual attendance. Merkel seemed to have a 'second to none chance in the Flying Stakes final, bat the big fellow unfortunately met Walne* who is very mobile just now. This event clocked 58' 4-5 sec., and the only Ideal able to get within coo^ey was Fay, who. raced/McDonald closely up to (the line. ■ ■ ■ t Friend Moloney failed to feustain his St. Patrick's reputation, and in his heat of; the Wheel Race he knew very little about the finish. His steering was so erratic that the re ferees requested an interview, and as a result ■ the League will probably swell their banking account, while Billy McDonald suffers by the wobble to the extent of losing a place1 in the 1900 Adelaide Wheel Race final.' And now we come to the so-called Motor-Paced Tournament. For wilful waste of valuable time these contests will stand for all time as magnificent precedents. The first three farcical exhibitions of pace following as exemplified by Messrs Sy moods, Rowlands, and Roberts, was painfal in the extreme, neither one of whom having a ghost of a Chance. Two laps sufficed for each of the three above-mentioned. It is difficult to write anything aboat the fourth trial, that between Morgan and Aunger v. motor, without giving offence to somebody. Leaving out the question of fraud, which it is to be hoped is a * back number in this ease, the whole respon sibility rests with the racing board. These gentlemen have burnt the midnight- and other, oils in discussing the motor question, and after weeks of interviewing 1 and corresponding this board allows the contests to take place—with aboat as much simplicity as Adam took that troublesome apple from his better half, in that he trusted too much to luck. Most of us know with what result. On ' the first appearance of these motors conditions were laid down as to machines getting out of gear. Surely these precautions should have applied to Saturday's racing. Ap parently the referees received no in structions as to how these races were to be run, as an appeal to these gentlemen proved hopeless. '■ To the man on the mound the case looks ridiculously simple. ' A. challenges B. over a given, distance, puts up his money and provides his pace. His pace goes wrong, there's B.'s luck, In these contests, however, the riders were invited to try their powers of endurance behind the latest form of pace. They had no option in the matter but the blind pick of two engines. ■ Here then, with the L.S.A.W through their Racing Board rests the entire responsibility; of providing adequate pace. On Saturday, in the firsjb place they supplied inferior followers, and later on the pace broke down. The spectators on all sides openly expressed their disgust at the whole proceeding. Until we have practical proof to the , contrary , we shall continue to think that these motors are only suited to Dunlop tires. It is to be hoped* that on! Saturday next these engines will be chained, together until wanted, as three-mile preliminaries are apt to become monotonous, Also some conditions might be trotted out. Through several changes in the weather and various other causes the report of the ' Li Li' expedition to Stoneyfell hung fire for a week. < This annual wine Jand stone inspec tion is marked as one of the most enjoyable promoted by the Adelaides, and that held on the 17th/was no exception, everyone enjoying himself to his utmost. The day was all that could be desired for such a visit. Not too hot, but just warm enongh to provoke that tired, thirsty feeling which creeps over a person in the vicinity of a 1 cellar cool.' Over some sparkling juice Mr Martin proposed ' The Queen, coupled with Our Boys at the Front.' The Adelaides, who have two representa tives in South Africa, joined in lustily^ and then tried another to keep the memory green. The inspection of phe quarry only served to accentuate the proximity of the bobtled-up demons, and a universal desire was expressed by all as to their willingness to assist in the release of these choice spirits. The president (Mr J. W. Canaway), on behalf of the club, returned a very hearty vote of thanks to Mr Martin for his hospitality, and hoped t^dr host would find his way into Adelaide on the occasion of the 'Li Li9 annual loft soap contest. A scrap heap of twisted frames, catalogued as somewhere between 20 land 30 bicycles, were auctioned one day last week. The ' cdllection9 brought £10. *Teddy Hale, the 100-mile a day crank, struck the fag end of a blizzard recently^ and amidst snow, sleet, and. rain he occupied eight hours in reeling^ offthe last 30 miles of his 'give us this day our daily hundred.9 Up to the end of February Hale had finished; 17,400 miles. Platt-Betts, A. A. Chase, S. Jen kins, and T. J. Gascoyne have already " been fixed up with Dunlops for the coming season. In connection' with the dispute over last Saturday^ motor tournament, it , is quite natural that Morgan should refuse to risk his chance by again meeting Aunger. Friends of both parties have been working hard' for a match, but the local man is not, violently in love with imported pace makers, and so the affair will most likely fizzle out. It is said that WV Martin purposes" leaving Australia within the cburse of a week or so, and intends journeying ; to the States, and thence *on to the. Continent. It is more than likely that Martin will be accompanied by one or two colonial riders who are anxious to see the States. \- If there has been any. doubt as to whom the title of ' Champion Cyclist5 of Australasia9 belongs, W. C. (New haven) Jackson seems to have setlled it beyond doubt at the decent Sydney Electric Light Carhivai, where he rah rings around a field of such first-class, riders as Walne, Gordon, Forbes^ Lewis, 'McDonald, and Morgan, winning the three Motor-paced Tourna ments, two two- mile handicaps from scratch, four International Scratch races, and establishing three Aus tralasian records, viz:—The one mile behind motor pace in 1 min. 41 3-5 sec., the three mile motor-paced in 5 min. 12 4-5 sec., every one of the three miles averaging 1 min. 44 1-5 sec;, and the two mile competition in 4 min. 6 2-5 sec. Jackson attributes much of his success to the easy running qualities of his MasBey-Harris bicycle. 