Canine Character. (From a Correspondent in Italy.) ^_^-- OGS present contrasts in ,£har jC3\ aster. There is a Gre^t S^ae X0) I ' Playing in the garderi/'^He is —~2P*CJ i 10 months old, with--- the ,^5-5-— ^^s1 sinewy beauty of a panther, £§L?z~&f3k; . and the odd angles of' a grif *Tg|9g^' *»| i fin, or other Tieraldic- beast. Tgm&Zpfi; '? His yellow^ eyes shine i^with &ffiily;//m\ great kindnesTS^nd Junior. ~ wffM&l;&fy; Unhappily.'vhts^tail fcafc 'been fggg||ffi%y docked, as are' also, all the |jf^$rafW ' fashionable equine : tails in H fp/J B ' Genoa, and his pcfor ears have JB qkrQ0 'been clipped iffto points, sucfh ?p&**i^'; ' as devils ^'tfier 'pantomime ?^^ ^'~7j-— wear on flieir^b^ds. Enough *- „ . of his tail is left for him to carry it in the fashion of aVreaping^ook; when he careers about madly on thefurf. 'He is the pic ture of a 'noble' boy 'at pla%?' ' Waldi |?3 yesy provoking, to 'the Great Dana; 'snappish, erbid; in fact, quite^insolent. But 'the, giant, bears tbiLS rudeness beautifully. . Someone . ip fhe hotel hpe bought the Dane; but, as he is 6uch.,a big dog and has such re^nfrkablg: high spirits, ,Jhe is not con sidered fit for an indoor pet ^wherp. there is^very fine furniture toepoil. He Mb only a' few days in the keeping of the gardener of our hotel, but the Dane is already devoted to the man, who has many other animate under his care, among them a donkey. The dog and the donkey are very near- . }y the same size, and almost the same color. To tease the Great Dane the rna-n pets the donkey, throws an arm round the stupid thing's neck, and talks caressingly to it. This is always enough to make the dog half frantic. He sets hte grif fin's forefeet (that look as if they were made of cast iron) on the donkey's shoulder, and pushes him away. As they scramble across the grass in this odd attitude, the dog's head stands a foot or two higher in the air than the startled donkey's. The gardener still fondles the 'beast of burden,' and the big puppy drops on all-fours, yelping, roaring, howling, barking, and gallops round and round the laughing man and the frightened jack ass. It is very rough play on the part of the Dane, but he does not really hurt man or beget, and the jealous creature looks magnificent, not withstanding his mutilations. Why is the dog, who is so magnanimous to my little Waldi (who is as 'nasty' as possible to him, partly because afraid of him), so small-minded in regard to his rival in the gardener's affections; and the gar dener is only the friend of a few days, too! The Dane and Waldi, and so many other splendid ca nine characters with flaws in them, carry me back to 'False Beasts and True.' 'Nip' was a true beast — emphatically I may say it — 'a beautiful little bull-terrier, pure white, with a black nose, exquisitely delicate limbs, and a little face whose mobile features expressed emotions as readily as a human countenance.' Nip's profession was rat catching. She killed thirteen in just over half a minute, in a pit, for her first performance in that 'unpleasant kind of public entertainment.' Miss Cobbe records of her beloved Nip that 'the chari ty child whom the clergyman asked what it loved most and feared most, and who gave the dis heartening answers 'wittles* and 'twoads,' fell far behind the level of Nip's sentiments. She cared little for *wittles,' and feared neither 'twoads' nor much more perilous creatures, at tacking on one occasion a huge polecat and de molishing him on the spot, and habitualy bully Ing an enormous bulldog six times her own size, of ferocious aspect, but benign disposition.' Yet Nip, even, was a 'dog of chequered character, with strong lights and shades, capable of rising to the heights of martyrdom or descending into the gulf of crime.' Caugbt in a. steel trap, Nip endured her agonies with Spartan valor; and, when released, fell upon feer metal tormentor, to rend it with tooth and claw. But it is recorded that 'at one time she kept a bumble companion, and maltreated her like any fine lady.' Nip, too, was a ghost-jseer, and abjectly superstitious. Moreover, bellows blown in Nip's face 'sent her into paroxysms of hysterical screaming,' and the garden hose was absolutely unapproachable, ac cording to that plucky bull- terrier's convictions! Nip hid. herself away at the first sight of the snake- like tube, and. could not be reasoned into staying in the place where the hose was stored. What Nip- could not understand, when plainly and intelligently put before her, was generally in comprehensible. Nevertheless; regarding the garden hose and a monkey skin bung on a wall, which she lopked -upon 'with such lots as a zsan might turn on a ghost,' were things upon which explanations were wholly unavailing. A kind of inverted defence for that meanest of traits — jealousy — is found for the dog, in the old knight ly motto: J 'Ung Hoy, ung Loy, ung Chien.' Polydoggery, according to the lovable author of 'False Beasts and True,' 'is a thing againstwhicn all proper feeling revolts.' But more selfish 'hu mans say in 'polydoggery lies the only safety from heartbreak.' The dog-friends pass away go sadly soon! If a heart may not be parcelled out among a number of canines, that heart must give way in bereavement— must cease to beat! The ear-cropped, . tail-docked Great Dane make? me -wonder afresh that the fashion ot mu tilatioas coincides with the epoch, of strong effort for t&e; protection ot »*?-«'«!? from cruelty, and, ' now that there exists a warm feeling that may be called the Cult of the Pet, not only common, un thinking cruelty flourishes, but also vivisection — that 'highest refinement of cruelty,' as it has been aptly described. I have long admired a few sentences on this point: 'Faith in a beloved su perior is, perhaps, the most beautiful and affect ing of all the attributes of a dog. Whose heart does not grow sick at the-reflection that this sa cred trust in man should be so often betrayed — that dull boors should lure him by mock words of encouragement to the death (to him so slow and agonising) of the halter; and that far worse wretches, in the guise of cultivated gentlemen, to whom he goes with confidence, as to assured friends, should pitilessly dissect him alive, wfiile even in death he strives to show his confidence, and to lick their hands? To treat a creature capable of displaying the highest sentiments of our own nature — fidelity and devotion— as if It were a mere block of stone or wood, which we might saw and chisel at discretion, is surely to sin against love and faith themselves, and to add a iresh offence to the cruelty involved in the tor jture of any sentient being. It is surely time for tlie'worid to recognise that Science may be the Moloch of one age as Superstition was of another; and that even the noble thirst of knowledge may prompt deeds -heinous and hateful as ever sprang from the lust of power or of gold. . . . Be sides the feeling of sympathy with man — 'Canis sum, and nothing affecting man is alien to me' — K- dog entertains, 'as his gnaster-passion, towards his -owner, *a sentiment of loyal allegiance. Like Rousseau, he thinks: 'Btre avec celui qu'on aime, cela sufBt.' ... He grudges nothing for his master, reeents nothing that he does to him, and trusts him even when, like the miserable French vivdsector, he tries on him -'une experience mo rale,' and tests how much torture he will bear be fore his love turns to fear and hate.' The intense devotion of dogs is nearly entirely lavished on mankind. I have known of a dachs hund who, on being sent to a new master, died' at once; and the cause of death was unmistakably grief for his lost owner and friend. With, birds, few associate great depths of feeling; but all who gave any. attention to the strange, tall bipeds of the stork species (who were kept aa ornaments in the Garden of the Byeulla Club at Bombay) must have heard that, if a hen stork died, her mate pined and died forthwith. Now and then the keepers found a remplacante that consoled the drooping widower; but generally the loss of the mother-bird was the death-knell of the cock. I never heard that the widow among storks (though those birds inhabited the land of Suttee) died of grief for her lord and master. Some nervous clubmen pronounced those pensive, picturesque adjuncts of the ornamental waters of their garden 'dangerous,' because the birds could, on occa sion, deliver a crashing blow with the wing, and possibly by this time they have been banished. A pity if so! For it was beautiful to see them, whether at rest, standing on one preternaturally long, thin leg, or flocking down the alleys, always liberally 'running in couples,' cock and hen (wing-by-wing, if not arm-in-arm), and uttering their r^id, strange, high-pitched cry at eight of any known friend or possible crumb- provider. Have dogs an almanack? That is a question1 that has 'exercised' the minds of their loving ob servers. That they always know Sunday ie cer tain. Where Sunday is a bad day for the dogs, to show them a Prayer Book is to send them back mournfully to their, beds.. But many dogs need no book for a token. They rise in low epiriis on the day of rest, drooping melancholy tails and ears and lips. Someone says: 'Oh, yes, we know that dogs 'are creatures of habit.' The seventh day comes regularly round. They feel the flight of time.' But this theory does not coyer all the facts of the case. The dogs that belong to fami lies keeping saints' days (which don't recur with the regularity of the Sabbath) are equally aware that the festivals of their masters are no redlet ter days for them. 'Of, course, it is the Sunday go-to-meeting hats and,; bonnets,' explained a cock-sure junior some time ago. But it is not this! Neither is it the church bells ringing, as someone else suggested.^ .For, at a French water ing place, at a villa out1 of the reach of sounds of bell ringing, where the family had no peculiar livery for Sunday — not smarter coats, tall hats, or feminine finery — and where even the books were not carried in the hand, being locked up in receptacles in the church, the dogs got up limp and dejected on Sundays, and on -holidays, too, and stayed in the same depressed condition until the hours for church-going were past, and going out again meant 'starting upon, a nice, doggie walk! ' . It is not for Maggie Tulliver, who has been 'crossed in love,' that someone tendens a recipe likely to cure her, in the words: 'Give the girl a pup!' It is offered to the reader as an uncon sciously humorous suggestion. Many accept it in this sense, and laugh at it. But that is their mistake, I venture to think. A little boy, being reproved on Sunday morning for having a dirty face, retorted, 'Well, I wored dis face to Sun'ay 'chool, anyhow.' Bilkins: 'It's a mistake about people being made one when they are married. My wife and I were made ten. K Wilkins: Made ten? BilkinS:'-Yes; she's the one and I'm the cipher. A little girl who was ill called her mother to her bedside, and said, piteously, 'Mamma, I am awful sick. I just swallowed upward;' and her mamma sympathised with her deeply. .There were visitors at the school, and a class was put on exhibition. 'Now,' said the teacher, 'can you tell me anything about heat?' A small boy held up his hand. 'Well, sir,' said the tea cher. 'Heat expands, cold contracts.' 'Very good; now give an example.' 'In summer the days are long; in winter the days are short.' Great applause by the visitors, and the email boy takes bis seat. At a whist party, in which Dickens was a par ticipant, a lady seated near him was aroused from a slight nap by a player who struck the table with emphasis as he took the last trick with the king of trumps. Dickens, turning to her, said: 'My dear madam, you look awfully like one of the risen on the day of judgment.' 'Why?' said she. 'Because you were awakened by the sound of the last trump.' 