THE PORT BREWERY, FREMANTLE. AT this time of the year when sum- mer is beginning to make itself pro- perly felt, nothing is more refreshing to the thirsty than a glass of good beer, which can only be obtained by drinking the liquor brewed by the best firms. Among these the Port Brewery Co., Ltd., Beach-street, Fremantle, may fairly claim to hold a leading place. The premises are so situated that they command from the front an excellent view of the Swan River, while the phy- sical nature of the locality considerably facilitates the carriage of the material to the establishment. The goods required for the brewing of the beer are brought in through the back entrance leading from Cantonment Road, and as the yard is on a level with the second floor of the building, the material is unloaded from the carts, and placed in the store- room without the labour of hoisting, which would have to be done if the goods were taken off the waggons in Beach- street. The Port Brewery is the oldest es- tablishment of its kind in Fremantle, having begun operations about seven years ago. Since that time, by means of care- ful management and the supply of an excellent article to the public, the busi- ness of the firm has steadily expanded. Especially during the last five years has there been a satisfactory and marked increase in the trade of the brewery. Nearly the whole of the beer brewed is supplied to the leading hotels at Fre- mantle, while a good deal of it is sent to the eastern and Murchison goldfields. Quite recently, a representative of the "Western Mail " was shown over the brewery by the manager of the company (Mr. E. Birch). Our representative found all the operations in connection with the process of brewing beer in full swing, the advent of sum- mer having taxed the resources of the establishment to its utmost. The plant, which contains the most up- to-date appliances, is capable of turning out double the amount of beer that is made at present. All the machinery is in splendid order, the large first-class Cornish steam boiler which supplies the motive power being a special feature of the arrangements. An ample supply f Collie coal is always near at hand, showing the company's preference for local industry. Another object of par- ticular interest is the refrigerator, which renders the process of cooling a much shorter operation than it was under the old system of flat, shallow coolers. Before the refrigerator was employed for cooling purposes, the pro- cess occupied from 12 to 24 hours. At the present time it takes from two to three hours. THE PORT BREWERY. Having thoroughly inspected the plant, our representative was conducted by Mr. Birch to the cellar, where the tempting odour of newly-made beer mingled with the cool and refreshing atmosphere. Here was being performed the work of racking, or getting the liquor ready for delivery from the cleansers to the travelling casks, which are conveyed to the various hotels. A large quantity of beer, sufficient to meet the requirements of a heavy de- mand, was ready for delivery, fully 200 hogsheads being stocked in the cellar. A sample of the beverage, taken from one of the hogsheads, proved to be of excellent quality, with a good "body," and suitable for the varied tastes of all consumers, from the man who patronises the " long-sleever " to the most fasti- dious supporter of table beers. An important branch of the es- tablishment is the bottling depart- ment, where all the racks are always kent well stocked. The bottling is done by the carbonating or aerating pro- cess, and for this purpose the most modern type of plant has been obtained. In addition to this, the company, in order to provide customers living at a distance with the very best article, have secured a pasteurising plant to treat the beer to prevent the formation of sediment. This is done in order that the liquor can stand for some time without being used, and at the same time maintain its freshness and purity. The bottled trade is done principally with the hotels, although in this re- spect the company has a good connec- tion with private families. This is not to be wondered at for it does not need a connoisseur to tell that the Port Brewery's bottled beer compares favour- ably with the best brands of lager. (Continued from page 5.) "It's a bargain," he answered. "I 6hall henceforth make it my nightly prayer that your confidence be upset by the agency of a ghost. 'More things are wrought by nrayer thau this world dreams of.' " "Prayer generally comes in as a forlorn hope," said Annie. But Mr. ¡sparrow did not answer. His eyes were fixed ou nothing in "articular, and bis chin was resting on his breast. He was in a brown study. An caressive .silence seemed to de- scend mist-like and envelop the little assembly. j-.ven Annie lost her usual buoyancy of spirits. The captain, too, lookeu glum. Once indeed he tried to reanimate the pulseless conversation by as ki n fr something or other about the ghost of Brutus. But his question was unheard, or if heard, unanswered. At 10 o'clock Emily Jane succeeded in so far arousing herself from her leth- argic state as to arise from her chair and say good night. 'Good night," respond- ed the others wearily: and Em:i Jane tip-toed her way to her bedroom with a fee'ing upon her akin to that of One that on a lonesome road Doth walk in fear and dread. And having once turned round walks on And turns no more his head : Because ho knows a frightful fiend Doth close behind him tread. Soon afterwards Mr. Sparrow took his leave. He muttered to himself a great deal as he went home along the Terrace, and now and again chuckled audibly. From this a passing policeman conjec- tured that something both important and amusing was occunving Mr. Spar- row's legal and luminous brain. Nor was the astute policeman far wrong, he being an exceptional member of the force. Immediately on arriving home, Mr. Sparrow sat down and wrote a post-card to his friend David Dumson. Then he summoned his only servant, gave her the card to post, and went to bed "to sleep perchance to dream." The servant went out to post the card, and. being a woman, took care to read it under the first pas-jet she came to. What she read was : Call, soon as con- venient. Good sport on hand. Want help." 