THE SKETCHER.. ] THIRTY YEARS IN "STAGE LAND." - JJECOLLJGC'TIONS OK AN AMATEUR. No. I. liY ,T. H. L. Tli<> power of imitation, which is more of i less largely developed in every human being, appears to support llie Danvininau theory that man is descended from u mon key; for what animal of the lower order is sn like a man in its power-: of mimicry sit; Die ai/e? ? This power of. imitat/ion is inse parable from our nature; we seem to imbibe it with our mother's milk. The first ges tures we make as infants, the first intelli gible sounds we utter, are those wliich we have copied from our. dotting ?? parents in their praiseworthy but oftentimes tedious efforts to make us say "Goo!" PhronJo gists tell m that ire may look for the best actors among those individuals whose or,';an ; of imitation is fully developed, and so we I may go a step further and, calling the study of heredity to our aid, naturally expect to j find imitative fathers begetting imitative ; son?,. In other words, we may rest assured that ill nine case out of ten the art of ae!i ! ing is inherited. 1 do not.mean to say that the son of every great actor is necessarily j hinvpelf a great aotor also, for inniinierable I circumstances occur to upset this and every 1 other logical 'theory. But, given equal op j portunily, the child will invariably deve lop those hi.-trionie 'proclivities for which I tlie father was famed, as may be instanced ; by the Jvenibles, the Keaiies, the Mnthvw I ses, and the Siddoiises of lona since de£uu>;t | generations, and the Terrvs, the Bouci | caults, the Rig-no] els, and the Brouglis of our own time. "Hat what," says my r«& 1 der, ''hay this to do with the subjecil of tie. 1 atrica^ recollections?" ] reply, "Every thing.'' I have "been trying to justify my self for having fallen a victim to the J'a.sri j nations of the footlights, j SOilli EAittY DAYS. My father, in liis youth, added to Ilia calling of a soldier thai of an amaieur musi cian and actor, ife hailed from the lim-: rald Is.e, by-thiMvay, having been born in . no le?s a di-stinguisiied place tt'.ian (Wk. lie entered the army at tiie age of eighteen, and his youthful appearnce rendered hiiu peculiarly adapted 'to female parts; his greatest success was achieved in the charac ter ol Blanche of Devon. Small wonder, j then, that his sons should have inihenti'l | a liking for theatrical performance*, and : in my own ease the liking has grown keener -.v-itli increasing years. While 1 was yet a boy in the Knickerbocker stage of existence my brothers had already reached the age when young men are considered compete ; to look after themselves, and they were therefore privileged to go to the theatre. Their accounts of such great, actors as (x. V. Brooke and Joseph Jefferson, who about that time (vile early sixties) appeared at our only theatre in Gilles Arcade gave me ample food for reflection. How 1 should liko to see tihe-se great men! About tliat time also the town was set in a furore by the appearance of Lady Don. Even the sweet shops perpotnaifed her i.ame by manu facturing immense sticks of rainbow-co loured "rock" wiili the uords "Lady Don'' in red letters deejily embedded :'n the recesses of the popular confection. Shaking of Lady Don reminds me that . there were three tided ladies in Adelaide at the- time-Ladv Don, Lady Charlotte Bacon, and Lady Da-ly-on the strength of which fact some one suggested that Ade laide reminded him of an advertisement in a baker's window, where you might read ''Bakin' Don(e) Da.(i)ly." The perpetrator of this atrocity still lives. J. L. If a 11 and h:s clever wife, Emily Wiseman, were run ning a company at the old "Vic" iu 1807, and from some old programmes 1 see that they were playing "Colleen -Bawii," "Une qualled Match,'' "Octoroon," and other stock plays. Among well-known members of the company wvre .Stuart O'Brien, .Toe i'dyncr, ^ Tilly . Karl, the Edouins, and Charles Yonng, who wa.- stage manager. ]\1 r. A. J. Solomon, who afterwards kept the Bleinheiin Hotel, in llindlev-Mxeet (now Tat'ersall's), was tlie lessee of the Theatre, and on the occasion of his benefit about this time he offered a silver watch and j chain for the author of the best conundrum bearing on the performance. The prize was ! won by Mr. Fred Anderson, still m Ade I laide, with the foilow'ug: ' "W hat passage in Scripture does tlie les | size's beneii.t remind you of V" "That in wliich it says that "The Wi-e j men came from afar to beliold Sjlonion in all his glory!" The point, of cuirsc, lay in the faot that I Aliss Wiseman had recently conic IV. ui j Melbourne to assist at the pl iy. | .MY Kill ST l'LAY. i My de.-iic !.: fCa theatrical jierforniancc, instead of having to be content willi a ! description of one by somebody who had w.'cii it, was at las! frrntifiej; for during the JO.-H1- 1KG7 William iSanriii LysL>r, of aifeo , lioiuite musical memory, brought over an opera company to play a season of linglisli ; ami grand opera at the Victoria 'J'heatre. This season was on the occasion of the visit of tlie Duke of Edinburgh to our whores, and was.the second trip of Lysicr to Adelaide. Those were in lirulh the days of grand opera. The musical trifles which pa>s for operas nowadays, though often very tuneful and highly entertaining, were unknown then. And wliat. artists we had . to interpret the sublime: creations of the great masteis! Look at the names! Henry (Squires and Lucy li-scott, Fanny Sim onsen, Geraldine Warden, Oieomia Hodson, Ada King, De Haga-poor old De Haga| who was continually '"indisposed''-Kills, fiut cliffc, Arines Beaumont (who had just pre viousjy flashed upon the musical firma ment), Baker, with George Loder, Fred Lyster, Johnny Hall, and Dick White, all at various times conducting. Never since, with one exception, have we had such an array of. talent, as that company' possessed, and that one exception was the first-I talian -Opera Company brought here under the management of Wilkani' Lyster and Gagli. .That coinuany included the Coys, Rosnati, Dondi, Coliva, Tourneri and his wife, Fa vas, Zanoni, Magi, Bartolemeotti (the fun ny .little prompter with the: bow leap), and Zehnau, the. conductor,! who when lost in thought had- a peculiar habit of sucking his thumb. .But to return to my first visit to a Uieatre. Lyster*b Company, as I have said, were playing a seajsori at the old "Vic., and, as I bad been particularly attentive to the grooming of my brother e horse, perhaps with the ulterior object of obtaining a "tip," he one night obtained the pater's consent-or was it the mater's? I think, somehow, the mater's word was law with regard to the movements of her "baby boy'' -however, he obtained permission to take me to the opera. First impressions are lasting, arid if I should live to tbe age of the gentleman wiih the long vaine men tioned in the Bible-which heaven forbid I shall never forget that performance. iThe opera waa "The Bohemian Girl," and I had .the pleasure of witnessing Beaumont's re turn to the boards after his accident while out shooting with William Lyster. That acci dent, by the way, which ended in the loss of an eye to Deaiintont, was the cause of much gossip at the time. The cast of the I opera, which was -as follows,, is as fresh iti my memory-as if it were but yesterday: Count Arnhclm, J.- H.-Sutcliffe:. Thaddeua,' Armes Beaumont; Devllshbof, J. 15. Kitts; Flprestein. W. F. Baker; Queen, Mm. Ada King; Arliue, Madam Lucy Escott. \- ? TIIK OLD AND TIIIJ NUW. ] have seen the opera performed many times since then; indeed, l'have more.than once liad the pleasure of staging it myself, hut J have never seen a better east than that of Lyster's Company. The opera is slowly dropping out oi. notice, and owes its survival solely to the jiopularity of some of its airs; but,"as a local Pressman recently said-*']t has done its duty well, and may now,*a8 an opera, be consigned to the limbo of oblivion." During that Reason 1 saw "-Maritana,'-' erroneously said to have been ['written in Australia, with Squires and Es cotl in the principal roles. Squires was a phenomenon, according ttTall accounts: for it. was generally lwlieved that, although he did Jiot understand music, he could yet slug the.tenor parts in thirty-live operas. I 1. cannot vouch , for the truth of this state | mcnt; but 1 know that most people be lieved it in those days, and there are many alive who assert it now. 1 remember that the gallery was a favourite resort of the city clerks and young men of moderate in comes, as it'is now; ar.d the usual struggle used to take place for front seats. On this occasion I was a little geared at a scufile in the front row between a local .solicitor and a late Government official. The former gentleman had squeezed himself into a front seat to the evident discomfort of his imme diate neighbours; and the official on one aide, and 'am equally irate Olympian on the other, solemnly declared that if he did not withdraw they, would throw, him into, the pit. Aft-er a considerable amount of scuf fling the solicitor deemed it advisable to withdraw. The opera in those days was frequently .followed, by.a ballet,.aaid on this occasion, the company produced the "Boat man of the Ohio." I had never seen even a circus or a minstrel troupe at that time, and the antics of a nigger in this ballet played by one of the well-known Leopold family-so tickled my fancy that for days afterward.® I was sore from laughing. The premiere danseuse was Fraulein Fanny, but her style of dancing has long been super seded by the higli-kick-and-pose artist and the skirt' dance, in which the skirt often plays a more important part than the dance. A TRAfilC INCIDENT. The only other opera I saw during that feast.vji was ''Lurline,'' which, I think, has never since been produced in Adelaide. The performance was attended with a most tragic finale; for, during the last scenc, which represented a group of fairies and a realistic shower of gold, Miss Leicester, one of tihe ballet and an adopted daughter of Mr. Stone, who was a much-respected scenic artist of llie old school, caught lire and was burned to death. _ As soon as the audience saw the poor girl's dress in flajnes and heard her piteous cry a rush was made for. the doors; and in this I confess 1 took a prominent part. Howgver, as on»reaching the street I found myself comparatively aloue, i quietly returned and saw Madam JOseott addressing the audience, and by her coolness and presence of mind convincing them that they were in no danger. Her ac tion certainly prevented a serious panic; and so firmly was it impressed upon my mind that many years afterwards, being in a similar position myself in a densely crowd ed, hall when the stage caught fire, 1 was enabled to arrest a panic by acting in a similar way; and, although suffering acute nain from burns, and shaking in every limb, by standing boldly before the audience and assuring tbem that there was no danger, I had, the satisfaction of seeing order quick ly restored and the performance continued. One funny episode in connection with that lire was the sight of a well-known lady vo calist endeavouring to climb over the seven foot paling fence and "making futile efforts to'drag with her the seven-foot train of her concert dress. SOME ANKCDOTF.S. 1 have more ,t!ian once mentioned Mr. kutclifTe's name, and 1 will conclude this chapter by x-elating one or two anecdotes about him, the truth of which, if lie is alive and should read these recollections, Tic will, I am sure, vouch for. He used to visit our house, and sometimes, if the opera v. ere one in which he /had a long wait, no Moukl slip his walking dress over his cos tume and lun down tor u chat, hastening hack in time for his call. This plan had worked out satisfactorily so often that Sut diife began to get reckless; and one night, when playing "Seiniramide," he returned to the theatre just in time to hear the music leading up to his cue being played in the crohfistra. lie w.is playing the part of the ghost of Xinus. At a certain bar, as those acquainted with the opera will remember, the tomb opens and the ghost of the de funct king sings a recitative. There was a rush, a hasty casting off of nineteenth century costume, a hastier donniug of 'he g-ti'b oi ancient Nineveh H-ithout the ceremony of buttoning, when the tomb opened and discovered the apparition of Jsinns, with garments considerably dis arranged, and panting a.s if he baa been competing in a Sheffield handicap. The next morning Sutcliffe was advised by the critics to take lessons in the art of breath ing. On another occasion, having a night oil, he sat down to a sumptuous repast of spring onions, a vegetable for which he had a particular weakness. Having regaled himself thoroughly, he threw himself into a lounge, and, lighting a cigar, prepared to . make nimself comfortable lor the evening. ] Suddenly1 a knock is heard at the front door. Mr. Sutcliffe is wanted at the : Theatre. One of the artists is indisposed, ] and the opera has been changed at the last moment. Hastening to the theatre, he dressed for the pa it, and went on. During one scene lie had to make desperate love t>o Madam Siinonsen. Suteliffe's frantic efforts to keep on the leeward of | die lady, lest - she should catch, a whiffy of i the "Spanish forget-me-nots." were amusing ; to behold, especially by the few friends who were "in the know." -At last madam . lost her patience, and whispered- ^ ! | "Oh, Mistare Suteleef, you call yourself a lovare? You are as cold as an iceberg." i Poor Sutcliffe began to grow desperate, ! and his next cmbrace was a most'pas- , sionate one, the result being that Madam Simonsen received tbe full "flavout 6f: the . "Ugh! Mistare Sufccleef!" she, exclaimed, ] "you vulgare man! You baf been eating ? garlic!" I 