1 ' »i " ways o e Ervim. -: A ' ' NEWSPAPER.FRAUDS, UNLIMITED' 'The fraudulent advertisement is a hardy perennial, as difficult to kill. as a healthy ghost or a false tradition/ re marked a magistrate's clerk to the writer not long since. ' There is no rooting it out, and whilst the vigilance of the police and of newspaper men is cutting down in one direction, it is beginning to flourish in another.' ' . He spoke pessimistically — as perhaps, considering the dreary nature of hiB duties, was natural enough ! but few will dispute the justice of his next observa tion. ' The only practicable way of checking the evil, apart from proseoutions/ he said, 'is by repeated exposure -in the press, thus enabling at least the newspaper- reading portion of the public to judge for themselves what paragraphs are probably or possibly swindles.' ' After complimenting the ' Saturday Journal' on certain exposures of this kind which have from time to time ap peared in its columns, the official pro- " ceeded to detail such instances of adver tising frauds as had come under his notice. From among these I select a few of the most ingenious and and impudent for in clusion here, before passing on to relate the history of a gigantic conspiracy of the same nature. " MARVELS OF VALUE! Must be cleared ! SE WING- MACHINES for sale at a RIDICULOUS FIGURE ! No toy or Brummagem goods, but a real well-made Sewing. Machine, guaranteed to stitch smoothly and well. Price only 2s. 6d., by post 3s. All machines returned as defective will be promptly exchanged free of charge. This offer, emanating from- a large hard ware centre in the Midlands, met with a liberal response. Those whom it induced to part with their money realised tliat the 'ridiculous, figure' was their own, when they received in exohange — an ordinary .sewing-needle/ No loss audacious was the foBowing : — SMOKY CHIMNEYS ! Smoky Chimneys! Why suffer in health and temper from this intolerable nuisance when a remedy can be cheaply obtained ? We will , forward our patout TUBULAR SMOKE-GUIDE to any address oh receipt of- 8s. 6d. in stamps. Never fails to act. Warranted for two years. The 'smoke- guide' whioh applicants ob tained proved to be a common briar pipe, j Genuine and successful iustanoes of swindles of this-typo might be multiplied, but they all present practioally the same general features — a carefully vague offer, and entire reliance on the gullibility of the publio. : A more curious illustration of the latter characteristic was afforded by this as- tounding offer in a country weekly news paper. Only the names have been altered:— . .. WINSTANTON Town Hall. — On Saturday evening next, at 8 o'clock precisely, PROFESSOR MARCESI, tho renowned levitator and equilibrist, will give his world-famous, performance, in the course pf which he will mount to the roof, unaided, by successive leaps in the air. This feat, unequalled among the acrobats ui uuo uiiivoiau; uoouua ivi. no ouppooo upon the Professor's secret and exclusive discovery of a method of demagnetisation from the power of gravity. Admission, by ticket only, 5s., 2s. 6d., Is. A reduction for families and parties. Tickets may be ob tained half-prioe if purchased before Friday next, from Professor Marcesi, 14, Lyons Street. In its concluding sontence lay the real reason for the insertion. Tho Professor, having secured considerable patronage on half-prioe terms, vanished from his lodg ings (whether by levitation or other means) in the small hours of the Friday morning, with the money of the too-confiding readers whom his preposterous advertise ment had deceived. Lest country readers should resent the seeming slight upon thoir intelligence implied by the above, lot mo interpose with a hoax no less successfully x>8r- petrated on Londoners some twelve months ago. Ono of tho -mushroom weeklies that spring up from time to time in the Metropolis, to grace a remote coiner of the bookstalls for a few weeks and then vanish, inserted a. curious and fraudulent notice in a conspicuous corner of each -issue LS.L.A. Authors, journalists and , others desirous of obtaining this diploma should apply to the Secretary, etc. The fact that 'this diploma' is unknown to fame, did not prevent many persons — the present writer among them — from ask ing how it could bo obtained. Here is the reply to applicants : — Society of London Authors. ; 'Deaii Sir.,— In reply to your enquiry, the Committee of this Society are prepared to grant their Literate diploma to a limited number of persons who can fur nish satisfactory proofs of thoir connection with the London Press. 'If you desire the distinction, and will forward with your application a copy of any article, story, poem, etc., you may have contributed to a magazine or other publication issued in London, I shall be glad to placo your name before the Com- .mitteo. If the contribution ip unsigned, a written statement of your authorship is essential. ' I need hardly point out the advantages accruing to u member of the literary pro fession from his assooiation with this Society. ' Yours faithfully; 'MV- — H . P.S.— A Registration Fee of two guineas should accompany your applica tion. It will bo returned in the event of your proving unsuccessful.' The caroless reference in the postscript is delightful; it is as though tho question of the fee had almost escaped Mr. W H- — 's attention altogether. Apart from the obviously iutoution&l; copying in the Society's title, of that well-known body tho Society of Authors, tho tenor of tho wliolo letter is not exactly calculated to inspire confidence. It is, iu fact, a clever appeal to tho weakness of not a few persons for the luxury of a string of letters after their .names. Those — and thoy woromany — who parted with thoir two guineas, did not receive even the worthless diploma their vanity coveted. For the Society of London Authors, its mission — that of 'raising the wind' — being accomplished, quietly and unostentatiously subsided. Other instances muBt be omitted as the spaco is insufficient for tho doings of other concerns, The Duke of Parma has a larger family than any prince in Europe. By hia first wife, a princess of Bourbon Sicily, ho had nine children, all of whom survive oxoopt tho eldest, tho late Princess of Bulgaria. By liis second wife, who was a princess of Braganza, ho has nine more cliildron, liis youngest being only a year, old. 