[?] THE RBCTOlR^p&TOarBB.; r.HAPTER XXVtj-iScoBttnaed.) T-A„. „ftv. huidBoriie, jUbo'nair.. Jack Detini ? Ji how palSiiowSorri andhaggardhe looks ; bat'it is evident that ne«ltiet;ttiB. terrible poei t^in in whioh he stanasrior the miserable oir- - _™»n.nnes under whioh they meet, has power, 2? dispel the sense ofiby^HW thrills him at the . thought that JosieBorn:is4o be his.wife, *o m HiTwite' ! ^Hia^'am ' Absolutely treelaatthe AoTmVit - the handsihat hold her own tremble with emotion ; and.sick.to the soul, Josie tarns , ' „T from the. hnrninjg ..passion- ehe reads in, the eyes that are gazing down into her own. That Jaok loves her she doe's hot doubt ; but it is not snob a love Robert -Jonet hasjgiren her There is na Comparison- between the two | sentiments—there is, no 'comparison between : ^ It is ft strange meeting, but little is said on either side. Mrs. Debnisdn, who io & lew words has explained what i* required.pt him to James Mair iust previous to their arrival at the prison, has thrown herself in a paroxysm of lbve and crief into the arms of her son ; a scene n which poor James. Mnir, -supremely miserable and ill at ease, stands; looking on in helpless ^Marry Miss Josie Dorn to a man lying under the dreadful 'charge of murder/ and that, too, in secret and in -prison. TThe idea is altogether too startling and stupendous to be taken in at a filHe% dreadfully afraid that' he ought firmly to refuse to.do any such thing— .at least, until Mri Dorn has been consulted on the subjeot. He has a miserable sort of conviction that the rector would never give his consent to Buch a sacrifice; but Mrs. Dennison has ^aken him entirely by surprise, and never in 'all his life Jias he found courage to Tefuse a woman any thing* . . ... To Josie the whole interview seems like some hideous, unreal dream. ~ She is conscious of words spoken to her, oi answers given, of Jack Dennison's passionate entreaty : 41 For Heaven's sake, Josie, tell me that you do not believe this dreadful thing they are say ing of me -that you entirety acquit me of any hand in that poor girl's death !' ' I do acquit you, or I should not be here, is the dull, apathetio reply ; and then Jack has taken her hand, and they are standing to gether in front of James Muir, who is reading something out of a small prayer bojk he holds in'his hands. The weak, familiar voicegoes droning on in a port of monotone ; but the words might have been Hebrew or Sanscrit, for any meaning they convoy to her senses. Her faculties seem para lrzed. her mind a dead blank; but she gives the necessary responses as she is bidden, and then a ring is placed upon her finger — a ring which she has some idea has been taken frjm the finger of Mrs. Dennison — and then James Muir pronounces a few words which seem, in some distant, far-off way. to sound like a bless ing, and somebody tells her that she and Jack Dennison are man and wife 1 With a cold, siok shudder, a lost, despairing sort of feeling, she shrinks back from his touch. The next moment, with a sort of relief, the thought comeB to her, it is all over i Whatever happens now they cannot put her into the wit ness-box to swear Jack Dennison's life away. She has done what she could to Bave him. Whatever happens his mother cannot blame her. There is a painful parting between the gnef Ktrieken mother and «htr son. when the turnkey comes in a few minutes-later to announce the expiration of the time allowed them ; and Josie is conscious of Jack Dennison's taking her^ in his arms and embracing her, with some passion ate words of love and gratitude ; and then, lean ing on the arm of James Muir, they are passing out of the priBon^to^ the- waiting cab, on their way home. The sun is shining overheard, the busy tumult of human life is going on as usual ; but to Josie it seems as if everything in life has changed. For her, love, hope, and happiness are blotted out forever. It is rather a Bilent ride this homeward jour ney. Mrs. De'nnieon, who, now that her mind is in some mensure relieved about her son, is beginning to feel that this marriage may have been rather hard on Josie Dorn. ___ She isgrieved that any necessity forthe sacri fice should havewisen ; but, after all. it is not so hard for Josie te give up the man she loves as for her son to lose his life. There is nothing so precious as life ; and it never occurs to her that the girl, sitting with that whitersilent face in front of her, has given up what was a hun dred times more precious to her than life. CHAPTER XXVII. It is evening by the time they reach the par- j eonage. Lights gleam through the windows of j the drawing-room, the dear, familiar old room in which Robert and ehe have so often talked over their pet theories ; in which she has so often sung his favourite songs for him ; but Josie does not enter it. She cannot bear the thought of Jane or Emily's presence just yet. Her one longing is to be alone with her misery ; and, going up to her room, she sends down a message by Mary that she does not want any dinner. She is tired, and prefers to lie down and hai-e a cup of tea brought up to her. 13y and by tbe girls steal in, one at a time, and hang anxiously and lovingly About her ; and, although nothing is said on the subject of that j horrible prison marriage, something in their j M-ice. and manner tells her that everything is known. Either Mrs. Dennison or James Muir j has told them what she has done, and she is j in a dull, apathetic sort of way, that they -io know it— glad that they make no-attempt to epudk to her about it just yet. Aud finally deceived by her apparent oalm neis. thev consent in Iaclvo Vipiv and at last she is nlnne foi the night. One by one the sounds In the house are hushed, but for hours she neither burs nor closes her eyes, lying white and still on her pillow, wondering why it is she does not su.Ter more. She has a dim sort of conscious ness ihiii it would do her good if she could only have a good cry and lament over her lost happi ness. But teire do notcome . and she is vaguely aware that she will only feel her suffering all the worscaftcrward&forherpresentinBenBibility.; Morning comes at la6t; bat she does not .go downstairs, or even rise from her bed all day, in fact. She I) as utterly given way for tbe time being under tbe terrible strain her nervous system bus sustained; and Mrs. Dennison and hor sisters come and hover about her with sooth ing words and grave, frightened faces, and try, by every meane i in their power, to rouse her from the dull lethargy that holds her like a spell. ' May Heaven forgive yon, Came,' Mr. Dorn remarks, with a carious quiver about his lips, an he comes down from hw daughter's room towards the close of the afternoon, with a cold, miserable presentimentof evil at his heart. ' It is not my wish to be harsh or unkind to anyone, oi au to a woman lnsucfrtrouoieas-yoare; ; but I cannot refrain from saying that I think | you have done a cruel thing. You havcsacrificed , my poor child to save yours and the sacrifice, | as it tarns out, I honestly believe, was all on* i called for.' - ' . ' In Heaven's name, Frederick, do not be bard I nn me !' she entreats, putting up her hand as if j to ward off a blow. , 4*1 was wrong, I was sel fish, I admit that, and I^am eorry now that I £?er tempted her to do what she has done. But, before you quite condemn me, remember that this marriage was the only-thing which could have saved my son.' 'I doubt it Had you only put your trust in Heaven, and waited a little longer, you would have found {hat an aU-mercifal Providence rales til. Jack, as I honestly believe, woufdfiave been cleared without this cruel, sacrifice of my poor child's happiness. Some new and' highlyim portant evidence has just turned up which will help to pota very different complexion npon the aspect of affairs— a piece of evidence which is already beginning to turn die tide of public 'pinion towards, instead of against, him. The news reached me scaroelyjialf an hour ago.' Mr. Dom is right an opinion that Jack Dennison may havevbeen an justly accused is rapi I5y gaining ground. Even those who were first to condemn him are beginning to fUobt whether it might not have been some other hand j that committedlhe crime ;an'd,'to thegratifi6a~ tion of his friends, it i-eoomes known that a 1 valuable witness for .the defence has :|bee|L {4fav-; covered in the person ofa .young woman riamfed ^ Clark, who remembers -poking np^alarge clasp - knife- whioh she identifies as. ithe one in ;the hands of the polioe* and with which £tae murder was supposed to have -bwn committed, early on the afternoon of the picnic, lying on- the graBS in the ^Jlirie woods. : ? j Seeing the name 4- J Dennison', ontheiu|f» ] she instantly tlivined it to be the property bf the ' gentleman who, was staying at the parsonage; and, having looked about for the owner in vain, she laid it on one of the tables where, as she sapposed, Mr. Dennison would be sure to find it, and nev.er .thought of it again until hearing about it in connection with the murder. But wh t impression thegirl's evidence might have had on a jury is never to be tested, for Jack Dennison is not destined to stand his trial after aii. ; In less than forty-eight hours after that fatal . ; marriage the news reaches the~narsonBifce: that Jack is practically a free man. As soon as the J necessary formalities oin bR gone through with he will walk out into the world vittfiliis name entirely cleared of any suspicion --f ^the ^dreadful crime, with which he has been Unjustly accuapd. : The real criminal has made a full confession, and the murdered to every bne's surprise, tarns out to be poor KoturitU Brown's discarded lover, Tom Mortlock. It is strange that no one has ever thought of connecting him with the crime, and yet now that the troth is known, people who know him oan hardly refrain from wondering why they never thought of this before. He has always been knownasamanof a sullen and dangerous temper, who, while shunning woman in general, had conoeiv.d a fierce, passionate love for poor, j black- eyed, coquettish Keturah Brown. That before the advent of Jack Dennison, *he . unfortunate girl, had given him enoouragement there can be no doubt. In a word, it is the old story of woman's fiokleness and man's jealousy. In his rough, ignorant way he had loved the girl to such a degree that the sight of her flirta tion with Jack Dennison drove him to distrac tion, and crazed by the demon of jealousy, in a mad. evil moment, he had taken her life. : That Bobert Jonet was only too correct in his | estimate of the man's character, and the dan gerous state of his feelings on the day of tbe fete, the result has unhappily proved. Nor was Josie Dorn the only person who saw the girl and her escort in the meadow path that night. i With a brain literally maddened with jealousy, ! Tom Mortlock, who had been watching tbe girl's movements all day stole cautiously along i in the wake of Keturah and her companion as | they Btrolled off through the moonlight at the close of the pionic, and waiting until Jack took leave of her at the end of the meadow, where their paths diverged, came up and accosted her I in a perfect frenzy of jealous rage. I A quarrel ensued, and maddened by the girPs I defiant acknowledgment of her love for his I rival, her hatred for himself, he had taken out a knife, which had accidentally fallen into his possession a fewdiours before, and' stabbed her to the heart ! ~ The fact of the crime having been committed with a weapon belonging to Jack Dennison was a mere coincidence. He had found the knife on the table just where the girl Clark stated that she had left it, and tempted by its sharp blade and rather handsomely ctfrved handle, had seoretly appropriated it, with as little suspicion at the moment of the fatal use to which he was to put it as he had of its real ownership. Totally unable to read, the name on the hilt had conveyed no suspioion of the kind to his disturbed, untaught mind, and the terrible deed accomplished, he had thrown it into the clump of rushes, where it was ultimately discovered by the police, to become the means of Jack Denni son's arrest. By some strange fatality, no suspicion what ever fell upon the murderer ; and, but for the fact that life, burdened as it was by the tortures of a guilty conscience, rapidly became too hard for him, an innocent man, in all probability, would have suffered in his place.. Tortured by the ^onies-of remorse, and haunted day and night by the thought of his viotim, on whose dead, white face Jie had felt himself 'compelled to look, so as to avert scs picion the*wretched man had taken refpge io drink. T a nee his ovn excressiou he was a man I accursed. ' He dared not be alone. He dared not allow himself one sobrr moment. Go where he would, do what he would, the thought of the murdered girl was ever present with hitn. Tbe dead, cold fase always near him, the glassy, Bigbtless eyes fixed always on his own. In a short time his life became simply unen durable, his one refuge drink ; and in the end came a terrible fit of delirium tremens, in which the wretched man put a climax to his crime by swallowing a strong dose of arsenic. And in the agonies of death he sent for the nearest magistrate and made a full confession of his crime *? It was I who killed her,' he said writhing in agony, and with great drops of perspiration standing on his face, on which the seal of the Great Reaper was already set. 41 But it was love that did it, mind ye ! Some folks say that love comes from Heaven ; but it's my opinion it cnmfeB straight from the Evil One. See what it's brought me to T For I did love her, poor lass, and to that degree that I would have cut ray right hand off any day to please her. 1 would have Bhed the last drop of blood in my body to have her back ; but she drove me inad with her scorn and her wiles. ?* She was a-goin' to throw jne over for . the sake of that thare fine Luonon gent, curse bim ! An' he cared no more for her than he did for the . dust under hiB foot ! ' He did not want her him self, you 6ee, an' yet he robbed me of hpr, the villain, with his handsome face, and beguilin' ways. I wish now as I'd killed him instead of my poor las3 ; but I *vas mad, I tell yfe^an' it's too late now— too'late for everything.' 'Not too late for repontance, let ufiiope,' interposes Mr. Dorn, ,who has been hastily fetched by some kindly neighbour in the hope 1 that he may be able to afford some slight con- 1 solation to the dying wretoh, and who, with every comforting word he can think of, tries to ? arouse in tbe poor, ignorant, darkened soal some faintgleam of Heaven-sent repentance, and a- humble trust in the jgoodness of Heaven* _ « It is too late, I tells ye,' he replies—'* too ?late for mc / They can set that fine gentleman prisoner of tbern free now; it would^ a' served I him right if Fd a died without epeakin,' for say I i^iat you will be is bs much her murderer as I am. If it hadn't a been for /um, miy, poor 4ass would still be alive and well. Forshe wasmiW, i I tell you. an' I told her I'd sooner kill her than | I'd give her up to another man. She didn't j believe me ; but I've kept my word— I've kept my word. ... I ' I don't know what good this confession is j going to do me,' he adds, a little later. ' But i I couldn't carry my black secret with me where Vw gosn\ a*?1 so I've mflde a clear breast of it, V and with a gasp the miserable man falls back on his pillow, dead I CHAPTER XXVilL ; Jack Dennison is free ! Had she 'waited but a few hours longer that miserable marriage which cuts her off from all hc.pe of earthly hap piness need never bave -taken place. With this hitter reflection in her mind poor little Josiei Dorn, looking like a wan ghost of her. -former J self, creeps out of tbe house one evening a few ! days after Tom Mortloek's confession, «nd with i a'dreary, hopeless look in her eyes, wanders listlessly off to the old arbonr. After all, she is thinking; that' miserable, marriage was quite unnecessary. Bat it is too late for regrets ; the past is past The thing is done, and she is really and truly Jack Denni son's wife. Nothing can alter that. Robert, her lover, her hero, her king, isloet toher for ever- ; bat it is not so isucb trf beraelf fibpis thinking asofhim.' It is trot ^o much heto^n future she dreads, the future that^tretclte^before her ' all dark and bananas arainy sev' as Bobert'i disappointment; and the 'look of . grieved re^ proach with which ehe.4reada to fee -the dear famOiar^ace turned Awaylrom ber in sorrowful, farewell. Poor Bobert} hnw little be suspects what has happened to ber ; and very soon now he will wf here, full of eager hope and happiness to asm his wife ; and. oh I if she could bat diefcetfore he^ comes; and with a low suppressed- moan she sinks upon her knees fend drbps yher head upon' the old ^rm-eatenf-seat-3ipon jrWoh ^hBy- sat : that night when'lfc firal %old her''fliBLt't36ldVBd her. ~ : ^ Ho w long Bgo U eeems l -'Ths Josie of seven or eight weeks agp ^Was^enoh a very different being jromjthe Josie bf io-day. JSlie 'aeems, Jo1' have^rowh?o1d and- aoifrow-^tii&en;^inDethen; In some miserable way ^ahe seems io^ve come to tbe end other life ; Bll the yeiWthatprubably remain to ber are a mere 'existence, and what she is to do with fit fls a jquestion she has come - out here ibis ^evening to try -aud^iihk .cut by; herself. - On one thing she is^uite resolved. She. will: never baany more.to Jaok Dennison than ehfe' is to-day, .a wife in nameonly. But beyond that, she is quite at a lqss as,to what she is to do with I her life.' , _ ? ? V- ' . ^ - u /i ['A ! \ ? 7 Her one desire, it fteetns to her as she kneela here in the darkness, crying drearily into her. olasped hands, is to go away somewhere .and hide herself where' she will never see either Jaok Dennison or Bobert ^onet any more. But the evening is growing chilly. A tew withered leaves rustle eeriely along the paths, a low melancholy wind sighs through the trees, and rustles the sombre pines with a sound that is like the moaning of the sea— u the moaning of the sea of change.' '* Between myself and thee,' is the invoilun tary quotation that arises in ber mind, and struggling up to her feet she goes back into the house, when in the hall she encounters Emily, who with a ooupl6 of letters in her hand is com* ing to look for her. With a sudden sinking of heart Miss Emily Dorn looks into the dead white faoe of her half sister, and trembles. . If the child would only give vent to this ter- 1 rible pain that is eating her heart out, she I thinks, but there is something absolutely ter- ; rible in this silent suffering that makes no moan, and utters no word of complaint ; and she hasa vague dread that these letters she is placing in the poor child's hands are not destined to lighten her burden at all. \- ' I have been looking everywhere after you, dear,' she says with a wistful glance into the eilent, unresponsive face. ' These letters have just come, one of. them is from Jack Dennison, and the other frpm Robert Jonet.' 1 Without a word she takes them in her hand, and feeling stricken and dumb goes up to her room. But at the sight of the handwriting on one of the two envelopes the stony impassive ness of her face relaxes, and in a passion of soorn and repulsion she tears it open, reads it slowly through from beginning to the end, and then | tossing it wearily upon the floor turns away. I ' Never 1' 6he exclaims in a low impassioned 1 voice— M never; I would rather die — I would i rather do anything. Oh I Bobert, my darling— my darling, I may have lost you for ever ; but I will never be Jack Dennison's wife to save either his life or my own,' and dropping her head on the tahle she presses the still unopened letter to her lips in a wild passion of grief and agony and love. But the hot bunding rain of tears do ber good ; and with her brain calmed and soothed she lifts her head at laBt,' and once more picks up the letter and reads over its passionate protestations o love, and the writer's unalterable resolve never to give her up. (To be continued in Wednesday's istue.) 