ENTERTAINMENTS. THEATRES, &c.; Mr. J. C. Williamson gave a few reasons before lie left Melbourne finally for Sydney, explaining why Melbourne jieople do not patronise the theatres as extensively as they might be expected to do. If lie had waited for a week or two longer lie might have added another reason by quoting Hairy Monkliouse's "gag" in "The Gaiety ^nl "Look at the weather we're having" is a sufficient answer to anyone who comments on the sparse audiences that have pre sented themselves at the theatres during the Christmas and New Year holidays. Various philosophers, from Plato to Jins Nordau, have pointed out the deteriorating effect of excessive heat upon national character, and it 'can hardly be expected that with the thermometer at 104 in the water-bag, as Mr. Will Whitburn puis it, many lovers of "the legitimate.' would retain their vitality. In the melting mo ments that the populace lias been experi encing during the past week it W'ould be impossible for them to be carried away even by Mr. Wilson Barrett's. "Hamlet, and managers have had a hard row to hoe in order to make their houses even pre sentable in appearance, although nothing more intellectually exacting than comic opera, burlesque, or variety business has been staged. As an observant lady writer oncfe put it, a good many years ago, and before the alleged decadence of the drama had 6et in - "TJie city shows to which one gooe at nights Arc chiefly rows of shining liose and tights.'* But the experienced playgoer is unfortu nately in the same position as the historic bathing-man, who said, "Lor, bless you, miss, legs ain't no luxury to me,'5 and he is apt to develop a horrid craving for some thing substantial, or if not substantial, at least characteristic, and above all, new. Mr. John F. Sheridan, as the Second Mrs. Block, goes a long way towards filling these requirements. He is certainly suo .stantial; he is thoroughly characteristic, and if he is not exactly new, he has learned the invaluable art of restoring juvenility to a. character which had begun to 6ink into an honoured old age, and of preserving by a pleasant astringeney of humour the tone of our old and slightly doddering ac quaintance, the Widow O'Brien. In this Epousg of a Chicago pork packer, with her large social ambitions, lier elaborate toi lettes, and her dread of the penniless de trimentals who are hanging round her daughter, Mr. George R. Sims and Mr. Cecil Raleigh have boldly abducted a fami liar comedy figure, and . have introduced her into that kingdom of burlesque which absorbs all kinds of characters, and asks no questions as long as they are amusing.: Nobody who has seen Mr. Sheridan can deny that he conforms to this condition fully. Of Mr. Fred. Sinclair as O'Hooligan, it may be said that the hotter the weather! the more energetic he becomes. Like that remarkable hero of one of Jaans Andersen 8 stories, Mr. Sinclair apparently would have felt no discomfort if they had lit a fire under him, and,- although the gallery were choking and the circle and stalls were gasping with the sultry closeness of the atmosphere, - Mr. Sinclair found time on one of the hottest nights to introduce seve ral bits of new business, and to keep cool and get off an appropriate impromptu even when a stray cat wandered out to the footlights in the middle of one of his big: gest scenes, and surveyed the frizzled audience with an expression of calm con tempt. Mr. Sinclair has youth, self-pos session, and long legs on his side, and with Jong legs in burlesque one may go far, as the French say. Mr. Fred Storey, who had possibly the longest legs that were ever peeu on the Australian stage, has climbed by those valuable auxiliaries to the giddy ? height of managership, and has lately been playing ."Rip Van Winkle" at tlie Ben nington Theatre, London, with himself in the name part. Mr.. Sinclair Jias an in exhaustible fund of energy and resource, and he contrives to make a good deal out of a part which in the hands of a mediocre performer would be about as interesting as a sack of potatoes. The "principal boy" is usually a lady of many inches, but Miss Gracie Whiteford makes up in piquancy what she lacks in stature, and. acts with the sprynesB and vivacity which are the main essentials of all Prince Charmings, whether they belong to pantomime or bur lesque. O'Hooligan, Little Christopher, and the Second Mrs. Block walk at the head of the procession. The others are . mostly unsubstantial ghosts that "gibber their piteous tales and then depart." ^Old music-hall-goers will remember that at 4he close of the Rueso-Turkish war, and just before the conclusion of the labours spf the Berlin Congress, much warlike en thusiasm was aroused by Mr. G. H; Mac-. ; ^jjermott with "We don't want to fight, ^ut by Jipgo if we do," which was sung Highly-in London to the accompaniment of excited cheeri. While other patriotic, «onga, such as "Here Stands a Post":and ^Beeika Bay," attained a smaller but still fin appreciable measure of popularity, Mr. fkfacBermott'fl trut song Intooduced ?fsrip into tb® ^English -political vocabulary* ' jtittle inclined toward chauvinism, hut the ftbsentf from the older, liigh^teh^otea i ^ldefiance The "Absentmind#beggar v fB bemg sung and recited at every music »nd^t ialf the theatre*. <hae,anot teen behind ithV tnfetflsuted ttSWp ihtft &ue;>o »nd the verfiee ffibefl'tre, -where She ,bnn »iuH and lltill W#8 There is an absence of liftand thrill about the rendering, and one yearns for someone with a good, strong, rough voice that lias I feeling and vigour behind it to give the ?song its full value. But Mr. Halm achieves solid pet binary results every evening in the shape of shillings thrown upon the stage for the benefit of the Tommy Atkins Fund, and probably neither a Charles God frey nor a Harry Richards could do more. Mr. Will Whitburn's subsequent ap pearance as "The Absent-minded Burglar" is so inopportune that the "turn" might ; with great advantage be cut out alto gether. "Les Cloches de Corneyille" lias been | running at the Alexandra to fairly good houses, considering the weather. Miss Lil* i lian Boanas makes a dainty Germaine, and : Miss Julia Kennedy is a capital Serpol lette; the plentiful supply of leading talent . in the Victorian Operatic Society enabling (two representatives of each of the pnnei l pal roles to get a hearing. Mr. M'Nicol j Turner, as Gobo, and Mr. George Leopold, as Gaspard the Miser, both run very close to good professional form. MERCUTIO. 