LILt, / AIIAI"T :l L XVI.--(Continued. For solnli?m Uollnteis Wyatt. dii not ?nswer. T''lie vaguely iiiioennfortalili: feeliag lie had been conscious of more liau OIICe tlaiit evenilnag wa.?s iuially shaping itself in his illaiid into a naiser -able conviction. \Vallever Lill's nmoltie Fald beeii for accepting llollauiid, he was conviiiccd that Ilollbdn hal not told him, as lie hald sailt, "tle wrlaole story"; aind ihe felt suddeiily antiamned, as thlougha the fault hail beein iis owin, to look iis Iricnd in the face. Ilapidlya iiis thlonuKglts tlew back to hils parting wvitla Lill oii lliLt last even ilg at CanillCrsse. lie reuneanbered how lie hald wishlcd ilher "iood-bye !" amnd hao rle Ithtl declared gaily talt, as they wcvre to laec each other again in the monuiug, it avas oily "Good nig?ht I" lii: rencuenrereid the girl's liviid happ~y iart .s li se spoke, anii hlow in a conifusion cf joy ault pain aind self-reproach lie !ied read in it that she. • had found oun ldis secret. Yes, that moment eitll TAI den knewv' -thlnt lie loved her, aiid site had believed naiturally thIt, lie avouhl conma back nnd tell her so. Vet only a. few hours later lie had left Singapore without stsceing lier ain, but. trusting to Ids friend to tell her whlaat it avas thatt blad sealed his lips sustil tliei. IHow hind lfis friend fulfilled tie trust lie hail placed in hint ? Wyatt sickened as he isked himself the questionm. If till had understod the posit iois ii wdich lie was placed whleii tlhy met and when they parted, if she had realised .ill that lie oared to Mildred and Sir q eorge, would she not have been tine first to coumimend Ium for the bitter sacrifice he load mtade of Iris arn happiness, and pelhaps, of hers, to. those old life-long claims utpon hlis af ficction and his gratitude ? She rams not aI aoniyln wlhose love could go hland-iii-auuusld smith the con tempt she must hamive felt for him if lie lamud chosen to 1)e hiappuy himself, no matter at what cost to" those aiho were (lear to hlimii. And arias he to believe uoni that, heluing bseeii told by IIolland of the tien that hald hound him, of the lslain path of duty liet had felt limself const rained to followna, this pure and iroiidt aiid ardeiit girl anions lie had loved, andi arlio land loved him surely, colndi seet itna tagai inu astristrnoger, an euuemyu y nlaln to he treated wvits am insolenuce lie could neither comprehend uior resent ? "Ned," he began abruptly, after a sileiice during whlieih, its they walked up and doavas, time tao young men could still hear tie sound of the din tlunt baud front the hall and the plash ilg close by of the fountabs in its leaf covered pond--" Ned, I should like to, ulioar tIm exact teruas hi whl'lch you, explained to Miss Ardeo when I was gone-?" i Holland uttered an impatiimnt ejaou luation. "The 'exact terms' !!' hle repeated. irritably. "How can'. I, \remmber what the 'exact terms' avere which .I used 2 1 told her what you had asked me to tell her, of .coude--that yoet were engaged to your cousin, and that you had just heard that she was seri ously ill, and were lurrying home in \- - consetuence. If I were .to talk till u)ooiusday"--with increasing irritation \--" I could not tell you'any more thian that, and, by George, Sydney you seem to forget that you are? talking, not of Miss Arden, hbit of my wife--" He broke oil, with a visible effort at self control. "---I beg your .parldon, .oll d chap," lie said, with a a.. constrained "blugh " but it does iile a fellow'to' be questibned and badgeired'ona such .:a: subject. Of course I!: inderstahd" hurriedly-"- thalt it..is painful lto yopu too. Tliat is why.1-I-r didnot"wdnit!tn. speiak aibout it'· if it ecoulfdlb he-heiped. .Bhut, after all," -w/ithl ai- icurious "?"sup. press'ed vehemence?-"whiy i.should.:, you take it so much td :hdeart ,'; Sydneyf,?: You were not.free wlsdn you'left'Sfn gapdre; You went home,-i m fadct' fdr· tile express purpose 'of n:uu?.rjing:'your poor cousin a fnd I.": didni:obbt feeltthat I Was trongiiig3'you in anpy way:lwhien, I asked Lili again 'to be myI.?vife"'?(. . "so - certainly et. Wyot,? ; .rattk:? d?n swrcid, in a. low unstend y': voice.. fl on't think, .li'ed, .fio a. moment that' I Ihve inci such feeling in"my hind about it as that. I-only.went to be sure that-that Miss Arden understood: niy position, that she knew how end. wvhy I had engaged myself to "my. cousin. If she was aware of all' this, when.she coiisented to becomemny. ...wife; I have nothing further to say." l. There was silence for some momenzts, 'and then Holland said slowyJ,- : t ' "?ell." I have relieved your mind 'on ', that point. I have told you that she "--did not underst~tand your position ; and noe"-the took out' his handkerhief .nd passed it. across his lips- "'ftr Heaven's sake let uis stop tallcmngr.about it! 1 tell yoil plaiily"-drainving. ,aI ', deep breaith - "I can't stand much m"iore of this l You can semi that-that I amn a greater fool about her" than ever, Sydney and how do you thinmk-'I can bear to be reminded that you once cared for her too 2" "..Ned i" ' "I tell you there must he atl end of "'it !"--'ildly. No min is called upon to answer such questions 'about the awoinan he has made his wife i It--it is too much to expect of me, old friends though we are i" In the light of the windows his faeg showed, as they passed, ahite and diS i torted aithi agitation; again he wiped away with hisi handkerchief the damp "Thlamt had broken out about his mouth and his temples. Sydney's heart contracted aith a throd of confused pain, of anger, re pulsion, smlarply-stiinging gompassion. He felt beyond all possibility of doubt now that his friend had played ]him ' false, that it was for him to protest, to :upbraid, to resent the treachery, of v whilh he had been tle victim; and yet le was dumb. What could he have said ? It was too late now for words. The deed was done that had ruined \- three lives, and nothing could undo it. '7 In an instant Wyatt had resolved on ''his course of action. He would not be / false to his friend, though his friend had betrayed him. lIe did not know, he would never seek to know, what it was thait lIolland had told Lill; for 'till's one chance of hmappinessn or of eontentment, at least,lay in the disdaiii ''entnient, at least, lay in the disdain ',Ii ~t Tit fd h~im and ~hetcaold not clear himself in her eyes .'atlhout letting her kinowt that her huslvind Itad wonl her ya lie. tlhail h-e 'tutld lnever do. salt so--the younig tmua's breast utwellcd with ai bitter sigh--she must, only go o0 tlesplisintig htini to the end. "\Velil," IIollltnd itcnaiidcd twith fecve I tish t ilnl titence, s Sytitey dhii tinot s tet, " L'hat re .you thlinkingi of townt? \V'hitit inore do 3'ou wtanit to Limow ? Out witht it, once for aill, in 1l e[leai's tIllle, titid thcn let its htave done with it !" "No--i have no more to .tsk you, Ned," Wyatt taniswered itquietly, 'tnd you iteed tiot he ifraid that I shall ever recur to this." "Al," Holland broke out, with a sound of supreme relief, "I thoug'ht you would not refuse to listen to rea soui, old clitip ! Anti, after tll, whlat niore is there to be said alo?t, it ? Ylou asked me two yeairs ago to carry ai inessage, to a lIdy--whom we both iad mired, and I did so. I nm hot respon sible, yoir know"-wtith another forced laug'h--" for the wtay in vlbich shte ie ceived your message ; amid the Itest pyroof you.can hIive that you were mitistaken as to--to that.lady's feclinits ha that she is now tIty tife." We both had our chance, in fact, and i was time lucky one. .But- you don't. bear ma lice for that ?" "No, Ned," Wyatt answered, as quiet ly as before-"l don't bear malice." He was miserably conscious of Iolland's bloodless face and side-long furtive looks at him as he spoke. " That's right, old fellow !"-and HolllAnd patted him on the shoulder with the old affectionate movement, from which the other shrank instinc tively. " All that I want now is to see you and Lill better friends. As long as you two are always at daggers drawn, how can you come to us at Hollandscourt, as you must certainly do some day--" " I am afraid that will be out of the question," Wyatt interrupted hur riedly. "I'shall be leaving England shortly. We. are not likely to meet again for a considerable itime." "Sydney . You are leaving Eng land ?" Holland could not keep out of his voice, oit of His face, the relief this announceient caused him. Syd ney smiled to himself'a, little bitterly in the darkness. " I-I am awfully sorry, my dear old chap !" his friend stammered. " I was ,hoping that that we should see a good deal of you now that we are settled. Must you really go ?" :. "1 am. afraid so," Wyatt answered quietly. . ' "But- but not just yet,. surely ?" Holland remonstrated. ' You are here for a month, Mrs. Abingdon tells me, and of course--" .. "Mrs. Abingdon will excuse me wvhen she understands that it is busi ness that takes me away," Sydney said, smiling again to himself. "And I think a. day or two more must bring my:visit to Greyshott to an end." . "A day or two ?" Holland repeated eagerly ."That is awfully sudden,, my dear old clap! Does-does my wife know? . " I have told no one.yet; but you, Ned ; but"-trying to speak lightly "I.don't thinkiMrs. Holland will be any the more disposed,'when she hears-of it, to.forgive me fdr my little blunder of this evening." . " Oh, but she .vill," Holland declared eagerly:-" I am sure she will ! Not that you mind her nonsense, of course! Buit, all the same-now that you are going away; shel-- ".: He broke off with a little laugh.: Already the colour -was coming back into; his 'blanched face, and he' -looked, less haggard. "Come in and aslk her to give you a dance, Sydney," he. urged., gaily ."They will all be wonderinig what has become of us." W?,yatt followed him Iin' silehnd, and they Veint back through the wiindow inito the. him .of voices, arid -glow of ;nany-colouredi costumes of the :.great white; driawing- room, wvhich was - filling rapidly with the dancers fromt theliall, the waltz being over. ';: Mrs. Holl6n and yan oung Dreuix, as the' two youinig men came , in;vwere crossin th room th ': go' :into: the', gar den. :Lill, laughing and :fanning her self, and all in .lo g lovely:colour ftom hier damice,: stopped short at .sight of theii, her lahirge soft ey~es wandering in: i:startled gaze from 'one troubled facet o the othe. " Ned," she demanded bruptly; after. a secondior, two of .this scirtiny " where have -you ,beenr ?;„.*;; Arnd: what have :,you nbeenidoing ? ,Yot luook as if you hlid seen al ghost !!"':-',' ':' - ,?. . Oh ,but the Greyshaitt ghost only wialls. by daylight !I." Eddy Dreux: ex plaiied., :",' Colonrel 'Abingdon is rather pioud of this peculiarity' on the part of the ' Grey; Knight,' his restless an cestor -' "' I have- b'e? talking, t-. Sydney, in tlie "ga'r'deni," "Holland replied to his wife's questinii, his eyes fixed raptly on her a's -usual w- hile he spoke. " Ie tells-mei-he isgoing: to leave Englqtd soon -in a.'few days, in fact"-hur riedly ,anid that-that we, shall - not see him again for some time to come." ; -'":,s;Ly.'3-;att-not really ?" Dreux excl e Sue will -be awfidly :dis appoiited !", :. Mrs. Holland did not answer. She was -still looking with a. curious intent gaze at her husband and Wyatt, and, as she looked, the colour, vivid as the petals of a red geranium, began to ebb slowly out of ler cheeks. "Y rou must give him a. waltz, Lill," Hollhnd ivent on fes~erishly, "and be friends with him before he goes. Who knows when we may all meet again ?" "I hope you have one left, Mfrs. Hol land," Wyatt added, as she did not speak. Tlis pulses quickened at the thought of dancing with her--their first and last waltz together--though he was fully prepared for some fresh display of insolence on her part, and for a refusal at the very least. "If you hoare, you will let me have it, will yon not, in token of forgiveness for all my faults- voluntary or involuntary since we have known each other ?" "You can't refuse. Lill," her hus band urged hurriedly--" now that he is going away,." "Why should I refuse ?"' she asked, half absently; and turning to Wyatt, she ?dded, with something of the sim plicit~y of the old days, "I can give you the necct --unless you would rather I did refuse. I have not forgotten that you declined to dance with me one nighst in Singapore." • ,Can I he said to have declined to dtnce wkig yot.t.'' Sydney protestecd, with a quiet smile. "Did I not rather ,eflise-.tiiid n3'y ruefully, if the truth ?\'i;re klnown--to rob N'ed of a waltz tlht was his by right ?" "Yes." she answered, still ina dreamy hatlf- absorbed way--" I re ncinmber now thailt, it was for his sake you declined. I can only hope, Mr. \Vyaltt. that your hlonourable scruples on that occlsion were not tlhr'own away upon your friend." "L}l," HIolland protested with a laugh, lis lface howrever ghastly to look at,"" if you think they were, you niiist mialte it up to him now." "There tcie soiie things that can never he made op fror" she said, her lh:ge .soft, eyes still scrutinising them both. "" \\\'Wyatt is too polite, I am sure, to dciiy titit a lost waltz with me may be onte of them." " I you come to tlhat, I lost the waltz ut tcie Tanghis Club as well as ihe did !" HIolland proteste d again, with his nerrous laugh. Site did not make him any answer, but moved away on the arm of young Drens. "You will find me in the garden," sle said over her "shoulder to Wyatt, w,,vhen our dance begins." ¢Y~tC?Tln AL'Y. " .. . " You see,". Hollanid said wvitktn at tempt at gaiety, as :Lill went off on young Droux's'atnim, "it is my turn to be sat upon'old diiap ! And I dare say itwill be that young ass Dreux next. I- tell LIll she is far too good-natured to all those young idiots who swarm about her for want of something else to do-" I-Ie pulled himself up quickly as.3Iiary Droux passed hyin liar Tapanese dress of black satin and rose colour ; but he was too late, bnd she paused, with her eyebrows raised and a demure look at Sydney. ) "I hope you don't mean me, Mr. Hol land ?" she said penitently. "I am afraid I do ' swarm' a great deail about M?rs. Holland :' He muttered some words of apology., and walked off, shrogging his shoulders, and with a very moody face. "1'oor Eddy i" the girl said, laughing and colouring a little. "What a. dreadful character he is getting through this flirtation of his! lut, pray"--to Sydney--" why are not you dancing to-niiglht, mon sieur? May I not have the pleasure" -imoking him a. profound curtsey in her narrow gown--".of the next waltz with you, my dearatr. Wyjatt ?' " My dear Miss Dreux"--making her as profound a bow--" host" shall I ever forgive myself? 7 Iam engaged, un fortunately, for the next waltz to Mlrs. Iholland." "Unfortunately 1" Mary echoed, wvith wvide-open ~eyes. "Fortunately, you mean! A 'And so .you have made it up after all? I am so glad l!"--the dimples in-'her pretty, brown cheeks coming into full play. "I could not bear to.see you- two always at daggers drawn;and now you must promise me not tofall out with my dear M[rs iol land again F" "I shall not have much opportunity of. doing so for the present," he. an swered, witl a half-sigh. "I--I have had letters this evening that will take me away, I am afraid, MIiss Di'eux, in a day. or.two." S"" Away from Greyshott ?" the girl cried, dismayed. '.'"Yes- away from Greyshott,'" Syd ney ansivered. gently. "Awa~y ;from Englannd, dod for some :time,; perhaps." "Oh,; 'Mr. Wyat3t:!"' M[ary exclaimed, in ..franlk..didtress. ; "A-?nd you 'promised Sue `ainoilontli dt ?least i" ." : ." It .iSChJi:?i-y: great' disappoinfment to. minche: assured.her with sunmistak able "sim'id~ritSC>- ".UI'thinkI'. ala 'iihvays comingg to:ipleasant- places and" finding myself foreedlforun away from them, 'Thcre seeins' t, be a' sort of fatality about.it'it"-hlmughing, but sighing again too, it' spite)'of lhimself, and'looking at eiir'with lsuch imelancholy eyes that the giirl's'o?t'n ? e'es .filled. "Don't 'go"!'. she .urged, 'ith a pretty iniplori g? glance, like a child's I don't beliese aany.one sants you more :tliia wive do6,?-?r;Wy..,Wsatt i" '?:My kinid little: .frienid;" the young man'said ,gtratfut ll?;, "no one. saits tue acht all'"Itusmere.it i ly :business which dlragsei? m?:h::¥ery.-much against my ".Oli,'::u'usfnss :! ·I' i?.'llate business!" Mr,??-y 'dcclaied ?petu?lantly.', ,"And we should 'al 'have been so jolly together imosv- thfit you'a?.imd Mirs: liolland have inadre itup :.I:She needs a friend very lbadly:-sonmei' one : capable'.'of snider 'stdndling her -and'bf liking her as I do, and as-as Eddy: does,. for something bettdr tlhan her- beauty and her gaiety. Oh, yes-'-ofcourse"th'ere is her hus banmd" witha:adisdainful movement of hei- little head, with its fantastic pins \--9but- Ms Holland. understands her less thuan y'j one else I Look at him just nos'! He was jealous of Eddy, the gnose! As if M[rs. Holland was that sort of .wvmnar !"-indigiantly. 'Wyatt was :silent. Not eveni sith this aidouing little friend could he dis 'cusslill; and, though M[ary, in hem: giislish si!iplicity,. defended her idol, he could nbot think of that "flirtation," ichieh-sas so unworthmy of her, svithout pain: No -doubt 'it seas harmless enough hi- reality-lhe could not believe other wise of Lill Arden--but it svas a source of.'perpetual torment to her husband, arid it- gave Mfrs. Abingdon the right to Hpeak of'her behind her back with sig nificant smiles." "LM[r. Wyatt," Mary exclaimed vehe mently, seeing his cold face, "you don't' mean to say that you too be lieve- Well"--checking herself- "I gave you at least credit for more penetration." "Forgive me," Sydney answered, "if I say that I do not feel that we- that I at least--have the right to criticise MIrs. H-olland's conduct. There is only one person of course, to whom she owes any account of it." (To be Continued.) 