SHORT STOBY. TEE L4ST FAEEWELL. (By Bosamunde Oelrichs.) It Tras July. The relentless run flared , \- witir tropical impetuosity upon Spring Court, West Central. Its raya pene-i touted ihe little flat, or, rather, 'upper j part' of No. 4, and Showed up its poor j meagre furniture, low blackened ceiling, and worm-«ait€n boards. It also threw a I ' , hallow of gold about the head of a wo 1 1 mail aa she sat working at a table by the window. Piles of manuscript Jay at her ^ eide, and her pen moved rapidly as she covered sheet after sheet. 1 . At length die moved ,and, going io the ;?- cupboard, made a hasty meal of a sand . wich and a glass of milk. She narccly observed what she ate. Her whole soul was in her work, and her glass was hardly empty when she was back again, her pen flying etill more rapidly. A timid knock ait the door, and a girl entered. She was about twelve years of . age, and had the same golden-brown hair as her mother. The woman lifted her head. 'Is that you Mary? Get your lunch, darling; you'll find it in the cupboard, 1 am very busy.' JJ. Tbe girl put down her school-books, $L. spread a table-cloth, and proceeded in ij;, silence to her modest repast. At length ehe spoke. 'Mother f' 'Yes, dearf' 'I saw Mrs. Sinclair to-day.' 'Wiiat did she sayP' 'She asked me again if I could sit- for Mr. Sinclair's piotwe.' Stella Adair pushed her manuscupt away and rose. She was a woman with an intellectual face, and Mary resembled iter to a remarkable degree. Both were . artistically correct — from the highbred forehead and noso to the well-siiapcd hand and foot. Neither of these women ? would .perhaps attract attention wi a crowd j their beauty was too subdued, their dress too quiet. He mother absently fingered a vase of cfaeap London flowers, and her thoughts went back fifteen years. She was & young girl in Iter teens ?t that time, and she and Hugh had dearly loved one another. But Stella's parents were poor, and their daughter's beauty hei sole dower. So Hugh Sinclair v.-as given his conge, Stella, and a year ?fter waa persuaded to marry a timely rich man devoted to the only daughter of well-bred paupers. Ah! how 'things had turned out s.nco then 1 And the woman sighed. Stella was the penniless wife of a con vict; and Hugh Sinclair, the rising artist, was ithe fortunate husband of a wealthy, good-natured, if somewhat vulgar Jewess. ? Parents .dead, penniless and proud, Mrs. Adair was just able by the work of her brain to support herself and her daughter in decencj'. And now this strange thing had hap pened — Mrs. Sinclair had met Slary! Quite naturally, of course, and in tbis manner: Fussy, good-natured, and phil anthropic, Mrs. Sinclair took a great in terest in children and schools. She lo' cd ' prize-givings, bazaars and1 such-like, and ^ one day came across Mary at a girls' con cert. f i - Now, Mrs. Sinclair's two childrta re |i sembled their mother; and, as that good lady heard Mary fciiig, and marked her | angelic facc, eyes with long-fringed \- iashes and golden hair, she sighed and be thought her of Hachael and Ilebecc.i. 'Such a pity! And Hugh so wanting a child's face for his masterpiece!' However, one cannot have everything in this world; and the fates had £tven her unlimited wealth, a handsome hus band, and two children. The girls were gawky and good. ' But ? ' And Mrs. Sinclair looked at Mary and sighed. What would she not have ffiron fnr „ ? i:i„ Ji,.. -J And so the kindly 60ul sought out 5 Mary ; found she was poor and fatherless, |£- end asked her to come and play with ! I*:-: Bacltel and Rebecca. % . To her surprise the invitation was ie S fused. She renewed it, but tho only re sponse 6he could get was: 'Mother did | not allow her to go to parties.' l'oor )j ... (Mary. The girl seemed almost inclined to re g bel. She loved luxuries and fine things, i'.' There was little to attract the eye in the upper jiart of that dreary No. 4 in ' Spring Court, West Central, and airs, rt; Sinclair had actually singled her out irom | girls at the coucert! It was ' j. really too bad of mother. So that, it was \ somewhat pettishly that Mary responded jJ:J ov®r the bread and cold meat that Irix ;i eling day in July. |. 'Do you want to go to Mrs. Sinclair's, MaryP' ?' The girl coloured with pleasure. Was j, her mother relenting? *- : 'She has a beautiful house, and — ' i 'I eaid, do you want to go ?' f, - 'Yes, mother, I should like it' (eagerly). Stlella sighed. With all her toil it j was as much as dhe could do to decently *; clothe and send her girl to the iiigh |y School. It was quite natural that the y ? fleshpots of Egypt attracted her. ^ . And so Mary went', and Hugh Sinclair, Bitting in his studio, started and piled ? - as he saw the girl enter on his wife's |.V arm. fcv It was to him a ghost, out of the long fe.;. dead past. 'What is your name, my dear?' he strokinB gently the golden curls ^^.' lyiBg around her waist . vIJMaay Adair.' Aba 'tile timid, long- lashed eyes g;zed gf?': ;1ipi^trd into hie. pif ? He shook his bead. The name convej'ed fe; nothing to him, hut her eyes brought !f . back a flood of thougjhtte. '? And then, looking at the child for her -;? . own Gain, the man said to himself : 'She ia beautiful.' ''file is half-fed,' said the more practi cal Jewess. And she took Mary to her motherly hteart. And, indeed, beside Rachel and Bebeoca, Mary did look fragile. And the good woman thought she would call hud see Mrs. Adair, and get a loan of he.° (rirl for the summer holidays. Poor Stella! _ When the portly Jewess, rustliug in I -; rigid silk, went down the creaky su»ir °'Bi the unhappy mother threw herself glfef. '?'? - toie hed, and wept ioa-s of bmniluition and «ain. Not that her vsi ii onkind ; on the contrary, it was But her pride ought not to blight *he future of Mary. And Stella, drying her tears, proceeded to dust the shabby little oW portmanteau wherein to pack frer child's 6cant wardrobe. 'She is all I have, and I must give her up, tool' die thought bitterly; nor was t-ho pain lessened! when the girl ap peared rosy with delight, full of the kind ness of her new friends, and of gla Iness for her holiday. 'And, oh! mother he paints fich lovely pictures. And he says I am like a dear friend he had years end years ago. A dear friend he his lost, and be wants t/O paint me.' The tears raced down Stella's che.-ks as she bent over her child's things, t he could see Hugh. He was the same as ever. His was not one of the forgetful loves. Her heart laughed behind its tears. Severance has, indeed, its sorrow, but the deadliest pang is to be forgotten. And so Mary went off in high spirits, as unconscious of the mother's lonelinesss, ?bhe mother's grief, as in her bright child hood she was of her own beauty. At first life has enough to do with living, it is only later tbat it slackens down to think. 'Yes, my dear,' said the portly Mrs. Sinclair over her dessert. 'Mrs. AtJair is quite the lady — die did not assume anything. Quite the lady, but shoc't'np ly poor. It makes me quite ill to think i of her rooms in that dreadful part — the shabbiness and all. And yet, wi'h her manner and looks, for she is quite beauti ful, I hover really took in the place till I was gone. When one's once a lady it's wonderful what one can do' Poor, dear Mrs. Sinclair; that 'once'' is a long tune coming to some! And yet I doubt not that thy kind, roomy heart haith in it much of largess without which none are gentle and great! [ 'Can't you help herP Couldn't she come down too P' His wife's face puckered. 'She is a very difficult person to heip.' she answered. 'Proud, dear. Not of fensively so, you understand. But a sort of woman you could by no in caps take a liberty with. She would not have to alter her mamier for any station.'' 'You have such tact, Ruth,' passing his wife the port. 'It seems wickcd ' o leave a woman like that. You say the place is very poor? 'All I can say is, that I never satv any placo like it. It i« only less a surprise than the woman who lives in it.' And then, thoughtfully : 'I did try to say something about her coming to tea, to see your pictures or something. Sbe thanked me so nicely, but said she rarely went out. Whar more could I say? 'Poor thing!' said Hugh. For he, ton, had been poor and proud once. And the fellow-feeling for all struggle remained with him now in his days of plenty, and gave, perhaps, that oharm to the pic tures which were making bis nam.1 fa mous — fame whioh he valued only as some sort of recompense to R'uii. 'At all events, well do what we can for the child, dear.' And so they did. And Mary was decidedly an acquisi tion ; one of those girls with a pretty, shallow nature that finds a smileful way to people's hea.rts. Hugh painted liner in every couociivable attitude, and she bcaine the veritable right hand to good Mrs. Sinclair. Thus .weeks passed into months, and still she J stayed, aud still Stella had not the heart to reoall her. Onoo she came back for a night, so [ changed, indeed, that her mother cried all night, and turned her face to the wall in her sore heart trouble. OllfO Il'lmil c4l Q Imalt' Uiinl, .flic nn-«^ slue went to Cadogan Gardens and saw his studio aud Mail's picture. It was herself, with the very dress she wore that summer-time long ago. Then bhe returned to her lonely life, and wrote and wrote. Stella Adair was a name getting known to editors. There was something in her work full of heart. Light touches, as if her pen had been dipped in the deep floods through which her life had passed. The days were turning from the sunshine. It was Au- J tumn with the worker aud her work. And, when wearied with incessant toil, 6he sat by the poor, frail remains of a fire — deep in her one luxury of thought — she would wander back down those dim aisles of Long-ago. And the outcome o: it all woulu be: He must never know! And, after all, Mary's future was made. She had kind friends, and the friends loved her. She was beautiful, she would marry and have a home of her own. Pray God, she would, before her beauty and these paintings mode her a toast. And in those days Stella's husband died — he whose name, for the child's sake, she ceased to bear — and the times grew easier for the lonely woman. Her life's work seemed done, and she was weary. When winter came, a short, hacking cough disturbed her nights. Her daily work grew irksome ; her pen was le-:s productive, lllie 'Winter was hard. Had Mrs. Sinclair only known that the ham pers die sent to Mary's mother were of ten her sole sustenance ! Moreover, our old friend, influenza, was albout. Good Mrs. Sinclair was re covering therefrom, when one day »be sent to her husband's studio in trepida tion : 'Hugh,' che said, 'it is quite dread ful'' (the plump checks streaming with good-natured .sympathy), 'poor Mrs. Adair is dying, and neither I nor iiary are fit to go to her. It is quite six weeks since the child saw her mother. What, with St. Sloritz and the influenza — oh, dear, what shall we do?' 'I will go, he said simply. Ihe good woman sank baok on her cushion with a sigh of relief. 'What a dear! I knew 'you would. Please do all that is necessary, aud— — ' But Hugh iwas gone. Buttoning his fur ooat tightly around him, he took a hansom, and was soon across London. 'Oh, sir, lam so glad you have come,' said ithe - landlady. 'The poor things just going. You'U And her on the top front- ; I've just left- her, and the doc tor's a-comin' agin at five.' All was silenoe as he entered that small, bare room. It seemed empty, save for that small bed, and its still occupant. The man sank on his knees by the couoh. 'Stella!' With an effort, she half rose, and laid her head on his breast. Both his nrms were round her, as with passionate ten derness he smoothed the beautiful lia.r from the damp forehead. I It was as if they had never parted. ;®f th»t DeceraoBr 