FAREWELL TO MR WYBERT REEVE. A large audience assembled , t . - - i me LDl- j versity Ubran- on Thursday evening, when a. meeting of the University Shakspcare Society \vae= held. The Patron of the Society, Kight Hon. IS. J. AVay, Bart., oct-uiried the (•h.iir, and among those.present "Acre His Esceilcnty the Governor, Lady Tennyson, Ladv Way, and Dr. Peunefather. T!ie Chief Ju^tiee said his lirst duty ivas a pleasant one. lie had, ou behalf of the members of the Society, to extend a hearty welcome to Ills Eieelleney the Governor. jBis -n-as the first occasion on which Lord Tennyson had attended a meeting of the Society, and the members desired hivn to express their thanks for the honour lie had done them. They were glad to welcome Lord Tennyson as Her Majesty's representative, but they also welcomed him anions them as the son of the great poet of the nineteenth century. (Chtcrs. I He would also like to say thai they were glad to see Dr. Pennefather with them once more. Kor ni-iny years he had been a Professor in the I mveriitj, and they had not forgotten the great services which he had i-end^red to the Shakspea're Society. Bat he al?o had to expre:v. *r.me regrets that evening. In the first place that was the Iatt occasion on which the Society would be a,ble to hold their meeting in the Library, owing to the erection of a number of bookca.ses. He was pleased to he able to announce, however, that equally good accommodation would be found for them in' the Elder Conservator! urn. They were also sorry that it was jiece^-ary for them to say farewell to Mr. W.ybort Reeve, who was leaving for England shortly Mr. Reeve hax! long held office .as a Vice-President of the Society, and lie wa-\ he believed, its onlv honorary member. Hi- was glad that it only fell to his lot orti that occasion to speak of Mr. Reeve jn one oT his many capacities. It was not necessary for him to dwell upon his qualities ;is a distinguished actor, as a dramatic writer, as Manager of the Theatre Royal, nor as a patriotic citizen and philanthropist. They desired to bid good-bv to Mr. Reeve in his capacity as a member of the University Shakspeare Society. The Society had been exceedingly fortunate in having had for so many years the advantage of the services ana a<1 rice of Mr Reeve, who was a mail of the highest culture, and had made a lifelong studv of Shakspeare's worts. Mr. Reeve had served the Society in many ways, and the members had enjoyed many privileges at his hands, including the use of the Theatre Royal on one occasion: But the greatest service which Mr. Reeve had rendered to the Society was in his capacity as a lecturer and crit-ic of the works of Shakspeare. (Cheers.) It had been his constant aim to make them familiar with the thoughts and works of the great dramatic bard, and to lead them to a greater apprecirrtion of the drama. It gave him great pleasure to present Mr. Reeve with the farewell address which had been prepared as a token of the esteem in which he was held by the members, and their appreciation of his services to the Society. He sincerely hoped that Mr. Reeve would experience a happy reunion with his old friends in E'.tghnd, and that he would eventually return to spend the evening of his days in a more pleasant climate than that of the old country. He could assure him that if he did so he would find friends at least as much attached to him as those in any other part of the world. (Cheers.) His Honor thai presented Mr. Reeve with the address, which was as follows:— •Oie Adelaide Umrositr Sbafepearc Socipt*\ Adelaide, Soatii Australia. September 6, IS*)! To Wybert Reeve, Ewj., Vice-President. Deai- Sir—Tbe members of this Society having learded witfc tezret of joar trtflntkaLjo.leaye ^mith AusJX ttalia wish herein to express their appreciation of your valued and geuerous services as a Vice- Pre>idt-nt of- the Society since its foundation. Tlicy beg of you to accept this address as a token "f iheir esteem and gratitude, and trust that you anrl Mrs. Reeve may long: enjov the rencwai ojj associations in England. " They also hope that your life ~ membership of the Society will serve to remind you of the occasions uiien we have had the pleasure of meeting together cnjuy your scholarly lectures and presidential remarks. Mr. Reeve, who was accorded a hearty reception, said he felt flattered and honoured by the kind remarks which had fallen from tbe Chief Justice. There was onlyone drawback, so far as he was concerned, and that was that, having known Wybert Reeve for a great many years, he had i'ailed to Jind in him the good qualities which had been enumerated. Although he was afraid it was somewhat late in life to make such a resolution, he could only say that the kindness which he had received should be an incentive to greater efforts on his part to retain the favour and respect of his friends. Reference had been made to his professional career. He had loved his profession ever since the time when he was known only as a rather clever amateur. When he became a professional he learned what it w as to be ah extinguished amateur. (Laugh- ter.i He had aspired to nothing lower than Hamlet or Othello, but he found that be had be?u cast in "Hamlet" for the Ghost and the First Actor, and in "Macbeth'' for Banquo or the First Murderer. (Laughter.) He accomplished that murder most successfully off the stage, but on the stage he sometimes found he was murdering Shakspeare, which was much more serious. As Manager of the Tlieatre Royal, it had always been has aim to maintain a high standard. (Cheers.) But he had experienced the truth of the saying that- "those who live to please must; please to live." It was utterly impossible for the Manager of a theatre,, such as they had in Adelaide, in which high-class pieces could not run for more than about a week, to maintain a high standard always. Only three or four months of the year could be devoted to high-class drama, and the remainder of the time had, to be filled in with inferior productions. Xoir that he was leaving Adelaide he wished to say tJia.t unless the Press and the people would recognise this fact and support a manager in those inferior productions, the theatre must be closed during a portion of the year," or he would defy any man to make it pay. He desired to express I o the members of the . Society and to the Secretary his thanks for their kindness in presenting him with the address. It would remind him of the many friends he was leaving behind him. The most earnest wish of his heart was that the members of the Society should' continue to hold communion with their greatest poet, who had taught them, among many other lessons, to find "sermons in stones, books in running brooks, and good in everything." (Cheers.) The following programme, which had been arranged by Miss Lilian Davis and Messrs. J. H. Lyons and Percy Whitingtori, was then successful!v carried out: — Song, ''There is a land," Mr. Oscar Taeuber; duet, ''The moon has raised her lamp above," Messrs. Wanborough Fisher and Oscar Tseuber: song, "Abide with me," Miss Jessie Galbraitb. Banishment scene, "As ^ou Like It,' Act 1, Scene 3—Rosalind, Mjss Haslam; Celia, Miss Clara White; Duke Ferdinand. Mr. K. H Lock. Song. "Ave Maria/' Mr. Wanborough Fisher; canzoneUa. "Mia Piccurlla," Miss Lilian Davis. The Bond Scene, "Merchant of Venice," Act 1, Snene a—Shyloct, Mr J. R. Lyons; Bassanio, Mr. E. H. Loci- Antonio, Mr. H. Gill Williams. Violoncello solo. "3focturne," Mr. Laurie Barnesduet, "The flight of. the swallow." Mis?es Lilian Davis and .Jessie GalbraiUi; son" -Through sunny Spain," Mies Pavi?; readtns from -'Much Ado Aboot- Sothhjg," Mr. Reeve. Mrs. Hayes Norman and Miss i.-Davis-aetedjuis accfflHnaimts. 