' OUR SERIAL STORY. THE LOG OP THE " BLACK- BIRD " SCHOONER. 'By iE. W. YOUNG and F. H. A. WHITCOMBE FALL BIGHTS EESERVE».] [WRITTEN FOB THC WESTERN MAIL.1 CHAPTER LIV. Grace and her father were attable -.'id rose to" meet mo.. Aunt Polly deo d I was looking like a ghost and busied herself with the coffee, upbraiding Grace foi* fussing around nie, aé she termed it, when.it. would be far more sensibje to get me some hot toast. *' It's always the way with you young people ; you bill and you coo when you ought to be eating your meals. Oh, yes, my dears, you'll have more sense when you've beeu married a twelvemonth, but it will Jake you all that time to grow wise. Here, Mr. Wyndham, come and sit by mc and let me look after your wants ; -Grace | will neglect you. Do you take cream j and sugar r" " Thanks, Aunt Polly, I'll trouble you please ; but Grace knows I have import- ant news, only she hasn't the remotest idea of how important it is." . " Do tell now,"'ezclaimed Aunt Polly, j totally oblivous of Tbe cream and sugar -" and what is it all about?" " About?" I said, seeking to break the news gradually, " let me see, it's about a million." " Whatever's the man talking about ?" " Aunty Polly, dear, do leave my Frank alone and let him have some- thing to eat i can't you ces he's famished after his night's adventure, Ho's wait- ing for his sugar and cream," retorted Grace mischievously. Mr. Inneswortb, in his staid . fashion, broke in : " How did you get on this morning, Frank P Did you have to show your order ?" He never asked what luck I had. He had grown dispassionate and depressed during the past month under'the .stress of his business worries. 1 told him I bad been agreeably as- tonished by my inspection; and unfolded by degrees the tine state of the mine, j His face brightened as I proceeded with j my narrative ; and when I produced one j of the specimens broken off by Utting the smile came to his eyes, and his pro- fessional interest grew instinct with life, and he was anew mau. " This is four ounce, stuff," he ex- claimed, " I knew we'd strike that Birth- day Bhoot. Didn't I always ' say so, Giace?" *' Yes, papa dear; >oy always were con- fident of the Last Chance turnipg out all right-and oh, I'm so delighted ! " . " Show me the four ounces," exclaimed Aunt Polly. "Stuff and nonsense L I can't see any gold. There are only a ?ew tiny Uttle specks. Why the piece of stone doesn't weigh four ounces, go along with youl Here is your coffee Mr. Wyndham." " Frank takes cream and sugar, Aunty Poll," Grace said as she saw.the contents of my cup. " Well how do you expect anyone to attend to anything when you frighten people with four ounces of g'ld, "and there's not four grains vhen you look at itP" Her brother laughed heartily at her impetuosity. "The best gold, Polly, doesn't always show the mintedsovereigns on the face of it; some of the richest quartz ever I handled looked no better than road metal. Sometimes the glitter is absent from the true gold. It's the same in life, sister, as np doubt you have found out like the rest of us." " Tes, yes, just like that heathen girl who was so good to Frank, and-for goodness çracious sakô, Grace, run to the fire-'.the toast is burning." "Where did that" stone come from, Frank, which part of the mine ?" -.'In the.roof at the twelve hundred feet, and making better and bigger as she dips." After breakfast I .confided to Mr. Inneswortb the details of my night's adventure. " I wouldn't tell Grace if I were you," he said ; " it would unneces- j sarily alarm her." I '"Nonsense, papa!" She exclaimed -enterniug the room unobserved at the moment. " What is it, Frank ? " I was ..not afraid of alarming her, on my part, and was glad to have her opinion on the subject which was still mystifying me. When she had heard all she proposed a visit to'her father's solicitors, and on the Monday forenoon we laid the matter before them. The firm said, what with their enquiries at their branch office in Townsville andjthe recent developments, they were beginning to see the clue to the tangle, and would let us knoV the results of their investi- gations at thc earliest moment. t - We did not hear froui them for a long, while; and then not until after our marriage, when the IIÎWS was startling enough to me. Yes, the bapj?y, moments day by day passed quickly by, a#jl. the morning arrived when-'I. stood with Grace before* the altar and the words were pronounced which declared us man and wife. ""*" The wedding was intended to be a quiet one, but the people of Charters Towers would not allow anything of the kind. Wheri "we arrived at tho church we found it densely packed. It seemed as if.ihe whole township wits en fete. The Inneswerths of " The Towers " were well respected and my brjdewas too great. a favourite to be married .without some intended to see the last of Miss Lines .worth, and wish good luck to the new Mrs. Wyndham. \- On ouv way to the carriage from the church the school children strewed, our path with flowers, and Their elders cheered_and threw rice after us. Aunt Polly cried, and Mr. Inneswortb, for once in these latter days, took charge of her and looked after her like a father. We went to Melbourne to spend our honeymoon, intending to return in sir weeks' time and stay at *' The Towers " till the spring months, and then perman- ently take up our residence here in St. Kilda. All this we carried out to the letter, but it is of our return to " The Towers," and what happened during that half year of which I wish to speak. One morning, some three months after our marriage, at breakfast, Grace drew my attention to a. paragraph in the paper under the heading of " Shipping IntelH-. çence " which read, " Arrived, ' Saucy Lass,' .brigantine, 156 tons, Captaiu Markden, from Fly River, New Guinea, with a cargo of cedar log9." . That was all. ... \- About four days later -1 received a telegram from the Townsville lawyers* asking me . to call at their office at once. -On arrival I was jnfprmed that. Markden, while " superintending the tin loading into the . lighters had been badly crushed between the sido of tho vessel and a log. It seemed that the man in charge of the slings had lost con- trol and the heavy timber had-swung round, and injured the captain so badly that he had to be conveyed to the hospital on a stretcher. All this I was told, and more, that it would be advisable for' me to visit bim, and intone of his conscious intervals, endeavour to obtain from him a eonfesskm>-of his complicity with Herschel. My solicitor accompanied me to the casualty ward, where Grimes Markden was lying as if half asleep. He opened his eyes as I walked towards his bed, and shuddered and attempted to rise, with a scared look as if he saw a ghost. I said, "Good day, Markden! Why did you throw me overboard from the Blackbird ?»' He groaned a bombie oath and said : " The main sheet; man, threw you over- board." As if even this exertion was too much for him, he sank back upon bis pillow, his ill-looking face made more forbidding by the contrast of the white, linen. His cadaverous features reflected the pain of his internal injuries; his eyes glared with a cold light from under bis bushy eyebrows ;v his foul tongue found voice, and in laboured tones he cursed me and ordered us to leave him in peace. "Como away, Mr. Wyndham," ob- served Mi\ James, my solicitor. " There is nothing to bc gained from the man in his present frame of mind. I will tele- graph for you, should you be required, and will myself be in readiness to attend upon Markden should he sko~ signe.of relenting. His case, the doctor tells me, is very serious and it will" be a miracle if he survives." '. We parted at the hospital gates, and 1 returned to Charters Towers. In three days time I was recalled by wire, stating Grimes Markden was dying "and I had better be present at the taking down of his dying depositions. At midday I was again at the bedside of jibe sinking man. In addition to the solicitor were a clergyman and a justice of the peace, and the words were being taken down as they were slowly delivéred. They made a great impression upon me ; as although I was prepared for bis confession, I was not aware until I heard it from the. lips of Grimes" Markden under how. great à peril I bad. been living during the past two years ; nor had I any knowledge of the depth of villainy, to which Herschel and this T*reeked tool of his had des- cended. - ' He recognised me, as I thought still, with a feeling of dislike ; but it was as nothing compared with the intensity of his animosity against Paul Herschel, whenever h> gave utterance to that name. I well remember the gist of his-con- fession, which was to thc effect that on the night the Katoomba left Bowen, when we were passengers aboard of her, Paul Herschel' had hired him to put me out of the way. The first attempt was made at Charters Towers, the night the" doctor was summoned to attend Mr. Innes worth. Their plan .was to have me " shanghaied " on to tho Yankee whaler Rio Grande, whose next port of call after her five years' cruise in the Antarctic fishing grounds would be New Bedford, America. This would have effectually lengthened the term of my engagement wit! Grace, and it was hoped would put an end to it. All arrangements bad been made as soon as JAvaB delivered on'board* to heave^anchor and away. Herschel paid the captain £500 to do what he pleased with me, but I was not a passenger. Then, when the Blackbird ran back in the hurricane, their next chalice caine. They bribed the second mat» with £10.0 to clear- out when the -schooner bad dropped down the river and was. ready for sea, which hü did at the last moment; andina small town like Bundaberg it meant a delay, ot a week before getting another mau from Brisbane, aud Cap- tain McKinnon was lucky, be thought, to get Markden at a moment's notice. -Markden then said he thought we would ali have been butchered at Licka Licka Bay, New Ireland, and fae wished at the time thai I. had been,- as it would . haye takenJthe matterlput of his hands and have relieved him of the trouble ; but, as I succeeded in getting out of the scrape, the nest chance he got was off Maliiyta, when be hove me overboard. * On his return to Queensland he told Herschel what he had done, and both he and , his employer con- fidently hoped they had seen the last of me-and I seemed to be my own ghost when I rose before him at his bed- side. His last words in my presence were, " I am sorry for what I have done. I bear Mr. Wyndham no Ul- will, but may Paul Herschel rot in perdition for the temptation he held out to me." " The. clergyman laid his hand upon him, îindj addressing me, said: "Mr. Wyndham, if you can find it in your heart to forgive .this wretched niau, I pray you to say so. His time in"*this world is short, and great a sinner as he has been» we are none of us without need of forgiveness, and your assurance, as . he has declared to me within the last jhour, would be a great solace to him." Markden followed the speaker with his glazing eyes and mutely appealed to me. . There n »v bave been little crédit in it. He coufd. do nie no harm; his past was gone, his present rapidly merging, into"the^i-reat" Future whither we were all sailing^, ! The-presénce of death un liiervédjne ; î uèldout my hand and said, " Grimes Markden, I forgive you." He" lingered till the morning and died. Glad to get'out into the fresh air again, ï took à stroll down to the break- water and stood watching the shipping and trying to drive the memory of the hospital scene f rom my mind. A cheery voice saluted my ear ; it was Captain McKinnon, who hailed me from the landing place. He was about to embark once again on board the Blackbird. His boat's crew were waiting for him. I looked up and he stood facing me with one foot on the step, his hand extended, and a surprised look in his eyes. "Wyndham, old boy, when did you rise from your grave ?'' "Captain McKinnon," 1 said, "your hand." I held his in friendly grasp while he peered me over in^speechless astonishment, his huge frame actually shaking with joyous excitement. " Come aboard, mon, come «way and 6ee the pld ship. It was never the same after your disappearance, and the very figurehead will welcome you back again. And how,*" mon, did you come to life again ?" . _ I found time while wo were being rowed alongside to give him a brief account of my life on the island and 'subsequent escape, the confessiou of Markden and-. " You married the lassie P God's blessing on her bonnie heart," he answered in response to his own query. *' Well here we are once more aboard The Blackbird schooner, and long life to her." I climbed the familiar side ladder, and the first person to raeet my eyes was- the red-headed mate, who made a grab and .fairly dragged me on to the deck. " And where did you come from ? " " Come along, Mr. Mason, with us to the cabin. Steward, get the table cleared ! This way, Mr. Wyndham," and be pushed me down the companion in his hospitable" hurry. *'It is a long time, skipper, since we met at this old table, and there are many pleasurable associations connected with it." "Yes," replied the captain, "I'have missed you from it oftener than I care to acknowledge. Do you remember the . time when you served »ut the bos'un'a nips of pain killer to the King of Treasury Island? Lor' how I have roared over that incident when telling the yarn to my new Government agent. He's not a patch on you for company. And ¿to think- that we are reassembled ai'ound it, just as if you had never left us, and gone on your cruise to Davy Jones that night ! They say sailors are superstitious, Mr. Wyndham. Well, it may be so or it may not be ; but this I verily believe, that there watches over The Blackbird and all who sail in lier the twin spirits of the mother and babe who were saved from the Merrie Monarch on this very--." "Rum or sherry?" interrupted the steward ar he held the bottle? orov the captain's glass. We drank to the good health and prosperous voyage .of the dear old schooner; and when I left in the ship's boat for shore and ßtood on the beach, once more watching the crew loose sail, and listening to the strains of " Hurrah my boys we're outward bound" floating across to toe as the anchor was hove; I repeated my good wishes for my former shipmates, as they left me behind and reached across the bay, bound once again for the isle3 of the South Pacific. The bright springtime came round and our visit at " The Towers " drew to a close. Grace and I returned to Mel- bourne wishing»tp be near my mother and we settled down in our new home. Here our boy Horace" was boru, and Graee, more lovable than in lier sweet girlhood, spent the first happy golden hours of maternity. We were well off in worldly good» and richer in sympathetic accord. We seldom troubled about mining business, knowing that my interest ju the Queen's Birthday claim wal-sonuu as the bank of England and that Grace's fortune was well lookea after now that honest George Middleton had been promoted to Matthew's old position as general mwáágér. - v ? ,:i'*Eír>.^'í '~''v. f-\f'..-'sJ.^' -" Mr. Innes worth before ms deacu used to stay six months out of the twelve with us in our St. Kilda home and was invari- ably accompanied by Aunt Polly," who maintained that it was a pleasure to visit us now that we had grown more sensible and didn't moon about sighing to the stars and making everybody uncoinfórt and jealous. It. was possible, she said, to get a"chance to talk with one of us now, and when she got-tired of us there was always the. baby to fall back upon. Poor Aunt Polly" she's dead to. ^ It was between his periodical excur- sions south, when Mr. Inncsworth was at The Towers, that he wrote telling me that Paul Herschel had been sentenced to five years for conspiring to defraud the owner of the Last Chance mine: It. seemed he had led Matthews into gamb- ling with the object, in which he too well succeeded, of getting him into his power, and that he had bad him at last so com- pletely under his thumb that he found it an easy matter to take advantage of lys necessity and induce bin* with a bribe to cause where the shoot of gold came in to be timbered. The court, taking into consideration the malign influence of the arch schemer Herschel, leniently let off Matthews with a term of twelve months. Paul ' Herschel died in gaol within three years af their committal. His other miserable tool, the nightwatchman, was never called upon to turn Queen's evidence, and disappeared from the scene. Oliver Houndslow, I read in the newspaper twelve months ago, was smothered by a fall of earth while work- ing " tucker ground" at the bead of the Timbillica River away out past the McCulloch country. Two months ago the liles by the Ta viuni from Fiji brought the news of a terrible hurricane which had swe¡)fa over the New Hebrides group, telling that The Blackbird had been caught in it and driven on a reef off Malacola Island. Captain McKinnon weat down with his ship, bravely staying by her till the last. His manly devotion to duty saved him from the horrible fate which met the remainder of those on board, of whom fifty-two wt k, had reached the shore in safety were killed and eaten by the ¡ natives. As for Amalook, he is iu the Bo gongs looking afterthewife and children. He bas neglected me of late for the two youngsters, and calls the little girlie "Som Som," and makes bows and arrows for Horrie. He is devotedly attached to Grace, and I have surprised him telling the children strange stories in his native language of " Som Som " and " Yomalomai." Well, well, as they say in Malay ta " Sweena," which means, finish, and.that winds up THE LOG OP MHE BLACK- BIRD SCHOONER. THE Era. 