Ciristmastiie in tbe Streets. Jo; and Rejoicing. i Brisbane on Christmas Eve. Like a Midsummer Night's Bream the year has passed away. Its tragedies and comedies are ended, and each. Titania, Puck, and Bottom looks back in wistful retrospeot at the great Hub Been. And now the harlequinade commences, aud fun aud frolic take tho boards, erstwhilo possessed by life's mimes and mimics; "Ho ! here wo are again!" exolaimsthe clown as ho jumps up through a trapdoor and amazes the Iittlo ones by thus appearing from nowhere. So tho Christmas seasou comes upon us, though long expeoted yet jumping upon tho tsceno of tho ycur with a suddenness that makes us pause to pay grave tributo of wonderment to tho swift passage of time. But we heed not the passing chime nor tho dial that heralds tho death-rattle of the year, though the very festival to which tho doth of Decemberfor so many centuries agoue has been dedicated, brings to mind the birth of Him, whoso presence is to bo gained only through the portals of death iu His imrao. It is Christ's mass; and with ono accord the Ohristian world make uustinted festival, laying "the flowers of. rejoiciug upon the altar of their Sublime fuith. "What though our hearts " . . . like muffled drums Are beating funeral marches to tbograve." This was the eve of that fateful day, nineteen hundred and ono''years ago, whioh brought to man the way to tbe Promised Land. It is well that he should be joound ; it is well that ! the wassail bowl should be pushed round ; and that, with ono accord, we should hold high festival in the great cathedral of life. The warm south wind, laden with the fervour and spice of the tropics, imporiously turns folk out of doors at this season of the year, so that the largest port of Christmas festivities in Australia is held in the open. This year that rule was observed more gonerally than ever, for thoro was a scries of fervent days up to Saturday. Por Borao timo the city had been assuming its holiday attire, and a million and ouo evidences, have been abroad, to proclaim by uudoubted circumstantial evi dence that Yule-tide was swiftly approaching. There were the troops of ubiquitous school boys, no longer crawling with eatohel and snail-like pace to school, but boundiug about the streets, filled with covetous oyes for the confections which, from behind tbe cruel window glass, alluringly made their mouths water, and filled them with visions of the "blow out " soon to be. There woro tbe l'ond parents with their sweet little lads and lassies in a string, who, decked out in holiday hues and tricked with parti -coloured fur belows, looked like flowerets plucked from God's own garden ; tliero was tho crowding around the marts, and tho jostling on the rialto of Queen street and tho Valley Junction, in whioh every shop and emporium was , jjot up in style which was a direct invitation to break the sacred commandment. And above all this was that indescribable something, which in clarion tones proclaims that the peoplo are on tho tiptoo of expecta tion for tno jollity which is so close at hand. At sucii a time even the grumbler develops a temporary contentment, and tho "hard times " man actually opens liis fob at the magio bidding of the season of peace on earth and good will towards men. O, my musters ! that is the wondrous spell of this benign event : it touches the human heart as with a Moses' rod, nhd benevolence, goodwill, and kindness gush forth in bubbling streams. Flinty and barren, indeed, is tho heart which responds not to tho magio touch ! Monday night- comes on with thunderous trump, and us ants swarm forth from their homely residence at the vibration of footfalls upon tho surface, so tho people streamed out aud took possession of the stroots. By S o'olock Queen street was n brave sight. Swarming, 'seething, struggling, tho great mass of humanity moved up and down in good humoured contentment with tho spirit of the occasion. Decorations had hcen spread abroad with lavish hand. Greenery, fes- toonery, symbols, and bunting gave the street the appearance of some huge eastern bazaar, and tlio hum of talk and ripplo of laughter filled tho air with animation. Oh, the blaze of light, glistening here upou the gallant show of tho silversmith, frolicing there amid the myriad gems in tho jewellers' windows; flickering everywhere upon tho happy faces of tbo throng, and nestling in the eyes of youth and ago as if jealous of tho joy that gleaming from them, bade fair to outrival the brightest lamp. The shops aro doing a roaring trade, and the busy shopmen and shopgirls aro put upon their mettle now. The nimble six pences — yea, and sovereigns, too — fly from hand to hand in a twinkling ; mouoy is overv- where; prosperity js abroad; everybody "is satisfied, and tho tradesfolk perspire with mingled heat and self gratulation. Such universal jollification had to And ex pression. The inevitable penny trumpet was pressed into the demonstration of glee, and rude and barbaric were the blasts that punctuated the progress of tho happy crowds. What means this horrid riiu ? "Wo look with a pitying eye of contempt upon the corrobo- rcc of tho aboriginal ; wo smilo condescend ingly when we hear tho deafening hullaballoo of tho Chinamen's tom toms and hungers, but in what way is this clamour any tho loss barbaric ? The fact is we must find outlet for our sur charged feelings somehow. . Some find that ontlet m target practice with teapots and other playful missiles at their wives' heads ; aomo in broils und batteries upou tho constabulary, some in guzzling many quarts of good Queensland beer, and subsequently lying miserable, disgruntled and abandoned, though blissfully oblivious, in many gutters, whence a paternal policeman rakes them into the coll where repent ance and recovery await them, and in tho morning " five bob or tho rising" also ; others again let off surplus steam by contem platively chewing peanuts, or saveloys, or shceps' trotters, or ico creams ; but tho mode most calculated to breed perfcrvid pro- fanity is the penny trumpot. May "the ghost of the wretched invoutor of that ; modern monstrosity wandor on tho squalid shores of the Styx until he is overtaken by the manes of this vengeful generation— when woe betide him. Bands of boisterous boys, armed with this deadly weapon, paraded up and down tho streets with something akin to military ardour, and lent orchestral offeots to the great human comedy. But splendid order prevailed, and even mora splendid good humour. . Who could raino a wrathful thought against yon buxom housewife, who in her anxiety to let tbo " childor " see tbo gallant show in some shop window, prods all and sundry in tho ribs with tho knuckle bone of a stalwart log of mutton which she carries under her arm? Stand aside, sirrah, und let the good lady get her brood in u posi tion of vantage, for from tbo loins of suoh as she spring tho bono and sinew of this fair land's population. Side shows wero but few. What lias become of dear old Punch and Judv? Is tho rising feneration to be brought up in heathen ignorance of that sublime tragedy? Many a timo and oft buvo we played the " wng," or lingered on our erraud to tho chemist's, to gnpo open-mouthed at Punch thwacking his spouse ; and we havo fairly shouted with gloo when ho hanged the polioemuu as high as Human. But alas, Punch and Judy are no more ; and ia thoir lamented absence tho vacant stands were takon up by two or three iEseulapiuses, who traded in nostrums to make moustaches sprout, corns fall out by tho roots, and other marvols of quack lore. In ono spot nu indignant poli tician held forth upon the threatened destinies of the people; in another the pea rifle cracked with unceasing regularity, and mean while the "pubs" did a record trade. It was pleasing to note that there was no obtrusive inobriosity abroad, and up to tlio hour when a general movo towards homo was made, the crowd was one that for general respootability would favourably compare with any in tho world. Then trams, trains, and omnibuses bccamo the great, centres of activity. Away tboy creaked and roared, groaning with tho weight of their human freight; tired fathers and mothers cnrofully watohed their sleepy little ones ; tho crowd thinned to normality; the hubbub died away ; lights were put ,out, and shutters put ups; and the great .scene had vanished into the dark baokward and abysm of time. Eyory branoh of servico to tho publio was admirably carried out. Tram, traiu, and omnibus Borvice, though taxed to au ab normal extent, were amply, adequate to tho occasion, and no. aooidents of any serious kind occurred. Tlio tramdrivord dcscrvo a meed of praise for their care and attention during tho anxious time. Tho' police force was alert, but diplomatically forbeariag ; and it wus perfectly adequate to all requirements. Beyond a few of those who, "like tho sons of Belial, o'orflown with insolence and wine," became slightly obstreperous, und had to be ordered homo, or tho small squadof those. -who persisted in bawling, " (Hie) jolly good (hie) fcllorsK (bio) every ono (hie)," and woro good humouredly 41 moved on " ; und tbo dis- gruutled gutter lodgers as nhovemcntioued, tho police had Iittlo or nothing to do. Pick pockets seem to have all wended their way to tho big harvest in Sydney. And so ends Christmas Evo of 1900-1901. Mujr the gracious fostivnl bo ever celebrated as it whs on Monday night. It knooks the fool's cap from the noddle of Old Timo, when young and old, rich and poor, . join in the observance of au event which robs the gravb of its victory, and renews tbo glorious pro clamation which the herald angels song at Bethlehem — " Peace on earth, goodwill towards men." 