THE HOMESTEAD LEASES. Mr O'Sullivan has eceived the., following letter from the Department of Lands: Syd ney, 6th June--" Sir, referring to the peti tion presented by you to-day, from Messrs. El. C. Harris, J. Ii. Falconer, J. Lazarus and other residents of Queanbeyan, protest ing against the throwing open to Homestead Selection of land at that place formerly part of the Temporary Common, I am directed by the Secretary for Lands to inform you that, as the land in question has been set apart for Homestead Selection to become available to morrow, it is now too- late to revoke the notification,. as" such. action. could not be taken without the authority of th9 Executive Council. I am to add that, if theland is not applied for to-morrow, the case will be re considered. ' The Janior University, Exam was com menced on Monday, in Qnsaubeyan, there being'only-one candidate, Miss D. Downing. it continued over Tuesday and Wednesday, and will be completed on Monday afternoon next. The attending committee were Mrs W. Pike, Mrs Hincksman and Miss J Parr. Rev J. E. Moffatt preaches next Sunday at Gundaroo, 11 a.m.; Canberra 3 p.m..; Queanboeyan 7.15 p.m. The subject fbr Queanbeyan will he'" Curiosity," a sermon to young men and women. At the recent Tamut demonstration at the relief of Mafeking, the sum of £43 12s was gathered to furnish a " Baden-Powell" ward at the Cottage Hospital. Mr R. R. Timmis' store at Batlow contributed £8 12s, being a shilling each for the children attending the school ii the district. Six scholars at the Tumut superior public school collected £20. [ist are out at all the schools, and sum will be largely increased. The National Anthem.-Some strong stat?tments in references to the war' were uttered yesterday by Professor Rentoul, and the Rev. W. Hopkins, who waited on the Victorian premier on behalf of the Peace and Humanity Society. It was statedf the National Anthem was not fit to be sung in church, and one of its stanzas was w'written in a theatre by a drunken actor. Wood's Great Peppermint Cure for .Coughs and Colds never fails. Is 6d. The fund raised by the Sunday Times to make au Australian presentation to Major General Badeu-Powell has reache' !over £700. Great Casar's Ghost! poor wasted frame That once full vigour did possess, Can't be a man in else but name, Elis cough has brought him such distress, The undertaker smiles to think Next winter's cold he'll not endure, Oh I ne'er say die, but take a drink Of W. E. Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. 