GREAT SALT LAKE BATHING. The water of the Great Suit Lake is'clear and transparent, with a bottom of fine white sand and a margin of inerusted salt. It is one-of the purest and most concentrated brines in the «? hclo world. Its waters give sustenance to no liv:i;g thing; there is not the smallest insect or ivnm to frighten ..the most timid bather, and the Bathing is the most perfect sea bathing in the whole of North Ameri-a o- jh Europe. No' hu man body can sink in it. One may actually walk the water, no matter iiov.' deep it is. Your body will persistently rise up, i'ne shoulders above the surface, or you may e* 011 sit down in it. jts wonderful buoyancy must lie experienced to he realised. No knowledge of swimming is neces sary ; one may enter the lake without feeling the slightest fear; all you have to do is to lie c'o.vn and float. But to swim in" it, that is another thing! When your hands are put under the water to take a stroke, your feet, like Banquo's ghost, will not dawn; it is irnpossible to keep more than one end of } cur body under the water at a time. You cannot bw'.ti, but if you sns a man you may float on your back with your nr.,is crossed under your lioacl, and smoke your p.pe or cigar with as much ease as if in your own Tphm. The water is so salt tnHt it cannot be swallowed without great danger cf strangula tion : a small drop in the eye too gives much pain. But, in spite of all the dangers, bathing in the Great Salt Lake is refreshing arid invigo rating, notwithstanding that the body must be robatlied in fresh water afterward to remove the immense quantity of salt n-'iii.-'n adheres to the skin. It is hard York to make any ''tadwav, ewn against the smallest waves. Nearly half a million people bathe m Hie Great Halt /.al;e. everj- year; they come from all ever the world, and tourists are beginning to realise that Sail Lake Ci«}' and the magnift"eiit s^rromuiin:" pre sent? the greatest rcopo of novelty, and is 'ie slincd to be a leading -vat-vm:* piace. 