THE GHOST OF MOXTE CHr.ISTO. At Marseilles, spite of railway, electric light, newsboys, cries of - Disasters to th- liritish armies in South Africa.' the rattle of steam tramcars, and the general modern ising of Uie maritime c-itv, the ghost of Ed mund Dantcs still walks, and the Chateau d If looms up giim and real outside the harbour. Romance is'your truest iiistorv. When it liecomes tradition, it lives for ever. We were in presence of tie shade of Du hia-s's iimuoi-tal creation, almost within a stone'* throw of the Terminus Hotel. Don't lou remember tliat after Dante* left -tf. Morrel on the quay in chapter IT- he tra versed the Oancbiere. took the Rue dc N'oaillcs, and made for hLs father's nbod on the left side of the Alees de Meillan From the terminus station, by tlie Boule vard du Nord. a street of mixed interests and stores and pollarded plane tnjes. von come to the Rue Ooailles. To walk here, in the footsteps of Danles, vou require a litt'c cvei- cise of imagination.' for they haw re built it since then. It is now a broafl handsome street, with fine shops and kiosks ?jay with the coloured prints of new pub lications. Continuing, you enter the Rue Canebicre, which, however, has been so transformed that Edmund Dantes revisit ing tlie glimpses of Uie moon would hardl/ know it — a familiar part of hLs native citv. Yet, wlien Uie ' Pharaon ' sailed into port on that fatal day with its flag half-iua-i high, La Canebiere was so important a thoroughfare Uiat the natives used to say. ~ If Paris liad La Canebicre, Paris would be a second Marseilles.' To-dav it is the Oxford-street and the Boulevard der Ita tienne of tlie famous 3feditcrranean port. Presently you come to the old harbour not Uie modern haven of great shipping, Inn tlie poll that Dantcs knew so well : little cli:uiged. I fancy, since the days when Napoleon rcipied in captive staU-. King of Elba. Tbe quay has sugpestions of pie tures-]ue bif-S characteristic of marine sidt valks all the world over, notal.lv .if Hair. Rotterdam. Bristol. New York. and Father Thames near the Pool : but with an inj; n:osplier'e, the awnings that sh:,.].. busy cabarets and the distinctive Imiiic in th'.* foreground — long straggling cotton wa;r gons. with their big coil:irc-S hr.rsi*. many \arictnos of tual*1 aii-] fp;n;i!e -?- -JikliC. wAl] iiow and then ;- tdiidi of (Jrii'-ntnli-ni. Moii isb. and Algerian. Then UiCrc arc sld? street-* giving iijton the -juay. --'.Jiiiis tli:il arc fascinating! in tlieir vcrv d:i't and ea. tem in tlieir very smells. Tiir- Hue -;lan- .leves. Jinn dc la'D-ilve. Hue Itii-Lme. l!n. Thaers : these must all have b.-cu fainilii.r to Danlcs. Dangiars, and (ad;ru:iswv They \--an have changed but little. K-.vu in tlioi past days Uiey must bavc L-«cn oM nnd populated by 'tlio tame -lass ,,r hutrhei ?*.. bakers, barbers, wine deaK-is, iislnnongeiTi. cobhlei^s, and greengixM-i'is : nil no- sessej aroused now and then v.ifj the r-onipctina cries of street liawkcis nml ti:c crack ol the niule drivers' whips. Ti: -day the pedes trians going to and fro eleeoi^te tlie ill paved wai-s like supers in a liu-iii-iica! ]ic turc : Moors in whitely-liioivn lurhins »'d stnilire cloaks. Algerians b,-s!uv.lid. 1^' turljaned, and ban;-lcsgcil. Frcnrli siiloi; with a tou.h of the lianUit in llicir devil i.uu---are attire, women .lonn at heel. b.:t high up in the dressing of t!icir hair. fi. even in the Rue Glandcves the new fa=ui^c i: obsen'ed. Here and in the other sluinmv slrccts wiUi Uieir tall houses and shuttered windows, their curious dimly -li^blnl n lemous shops, comes the welcome iTl!of — oi Uie bird-seller whose stock is outride- - cages cf love- birds, parrots, birds of pari disc, and other winged captives which, in the deep shade of the narrow wavs. snuggle ..lose together for mutual wanuUi. Tbcic are the Uouclieric. with its gilded ox lira 1 us a sign : tlic iril- erie. looking its biisj IHW-. : tlie inerceric and Uie wine shop (vin~ Italian and Spiriteux), grim, and druhkcr-. (beck byjowl ; the tinkers. Uie tailors, the bakers, ^eaeh with its own sordid atmos phere, but. over all. the fascination of a foreign sky illuminating stxange nooks an-! comers of' broken architecture, half-drapf J windows, the whole odoriferous with burnt wood, and active cooking stoves tli.u breathe garlic. Giving, upon the. quay are lr.yslcrioiTS wine shops in which Fernand and Danglars may well have conspired ov« their wiue of I-a Malgue, though Iji 1!* ne?s. was in a pleasant spot, overlooks the l;arl»nr. If only that dmnken fool fadt rousse lind destroyed the erusipled bit of 1'aper ttat Danglars drojiped in sight of Fcmand: for the destruc-tion of Dantes ! Or, if he had honestly told Mr. Morrel all he knew about it ! Then Danles woul ! never liavo l-oon **af«t into n dunpeon of Inc Diatcaii d'If, and ivial a storj- ne elmul.l have lost ! 