The Vanishing of Tera. PumiSHim BV SPEOUI. ' AwuNozJoara. By FERGUS HUME, iluttor of "The Mystery of a Hansom Cab," "For tho Dofonce," " The lady from Nowhere," ' " Tho Third Volumo," ."The Lone. Inn, 'The Nameless \- Citv,"-" The Dwarfs Chamber," "Tho Carbuncle due, " Ac,, tso. copyaionr. . . CHAPTER XV.— Continued.) Hern the whispering attracted the afcten- lion, of the magistrate. He eyed both tho Inspector and Jacob severely, but proceeded mrSAi ttin misa without further rebuke. 4t As this girl was tho owner of the pearls," hs said, " she had, of courso, a perfect, right to give them to the accused. As she is here, there is obviously no case of murder. Therefore, on both charges, tho accused is discharged. But I feel I must say a few words about this case." Whereupon Mr. Bonker delivered a lec ture upon T'era's wickedness in causing so much troublo by not communicating witb her guardian. At this, Tera, afraid of the great chief, as Mr. Bcnker was in her eyes, began to weep. She upset the magistrate, and upset his dignity. He hastily discharged tho prisoner, and ordered tho court to bo cleared. When Johnson came out, ho looked very grave. He walked up to the girl. "Bi thiah," he said reproachfully, "you have not treated ine well." "I am not Bithiah;" replied Tera, her eyes sparkling. "I will call myself by the name Buli gave mc. I am sorry if you think I have treated you badly, but it was vonr own fault. You need not reproach mc, Mr. Johnson," she said in lower tones, " I spared you, in my story I" The minister winced. "I thank you for that. I suppose I have no righb to. com plain," he said bitterly; "you still intend to marry Finland?' " Of course suo does," cried Jack, taking Tore's arm ; " do you think I'm going to lot you take her from mo now?' . " I have not the power to do so," re joined the preacher ; " but Brother Brand will certainly demand that Tera be given back to him. Ho has authority from Buli to take charge of her." " I do not recognise it," said Tera fiercely, f'l refuse to go with him." "If Brother Brand come3 my way, I'll knock his head off," said Jock, clenching 'his fist. "Come along, Tera. Lot us go hack to the schooner." "Wait," said Carwell, coming up to them. " I atn prepared to take Tera under my roof until you are married." "I think it would bo bettor," put in 'Johnson, in a low voice. "Yes, and have Brand after her!" said 'Jack. "No, I promise you that shall not be. She will be safe with us until she leaves as your wife. Come, Jack, you had better agree." " Will you give mo that five hundred?" asked Finland. " Wo will talk of that later, nephew. In the meantime, is Tera to come with us? It you are wise you " "Will you go, Tera?" "Yes," replied the girl, leaving Jack's Arm for that of his uncle. " I shall be quite safe with Mr. Carwell. I shall marry no one but you, Jock." Johnson could stand it no longer. . Turn ing on his heel, without a word ho walked away. He still loved the girl, and he rea lised that she was lost to him for ever. In the distance 'lie espied a fellow-sufferer in the person of Pharaoh Lee. He, too, had lost the girl he loved, and in a more cruel way. Johnston hastened tip to him and touched him on the shoulder. "What are you thinking of, Leo?" he .asked, with a wretched smile. "I am thinking how to find out Zara's husband, and hang him." "Hang him?" "Yes," said Lee savagely. "She was '.killed by her husband." CHAPTER XVI. Tub Man i'Rom KoiaU. Tho farmhouse of Mr. Carwell was a sub- .stantial brick building, surrounded by barns and yards,' and flanked by five or six hay ricks, the whole being girdled by elm trees. Their foliage, new was of a mixed yellow and red, as the year drew to winter. ' On all sides stretched the stubble fields, tawny in hue, save those which, having already been ploughed, presented patches of daTk- red earth. Sleek cows wandered in some meadows, horses grazed in others, pigs and fowl shared the farmyard, rooting and scratching amid the straw, pigeons whirled aloft in the cold blue of the sky, or cooed xnund the eaves of the thatched stable. The homestead wore an air of comfort and peace, in keeping with the quiet religious spirit of its owner. In recognition of the plenty which filled its walls, Carwell had written over the door the Hebrew word, Befhdagon," which signifies the "House of corn." In this .Goshen, Rachel ruled supreme. Her mother had passed away these many years, and she held the keys of the house hold. Demure, in a gray gown and close cap, lightfooted and ever watchful, she moved like a Puritan fairy in the homo. The girl was a born housekeeper, and in her littlo kingdom affairs were conducted with a wonderful and rare combination of economy and cheerfulness. Carwell knew that some day she would marry — at present i circumstances pointed to Herbert Mayne — and he often wondered how he would be able to manage without his clever, bright- eyed RachcL Her departure would bo a loss not easy to replace. Household bless ings like this maiden do not grow on every bush. But Rachel was not bright-eyed on thi9 particular day. She was sorely afraid lest her cousin Jack should be committed for trial on a charge of murder. She was very fond of Jack, and although she disapproved ' of his harum-scarum ' sailorly ways, she could not believe him guilty of so terrible a crime. . As she attended to her household duties, her heart wits heavy within her, and several times she went to the door in the hope of seeing her father returning with news. But for Cornell's express wish, she would have gone to the court hersolf. .At last, shortly before the midday meal, > she caught sight of the old-fashioned trap turning in by the distant gate. She saw that it contained throe people, and ran to meet it in the hope that .Jack, having been acquitted, her father was bringing him home. As the vehicle came nearer, itaolie made out one ot the trio to bo a woman. . She wondered who thin third person could he. She was net left long in doubt. " Here, Rachel, lass," called out tho form er jovially, " your cousin is in free man Again ; and here is a lady to see you." " Bithiah !" gasped Buchel, turning white. She was too much startled to express her amazement. , ' " " "lot," said the girl, jumping down and throwing her arms round Rachel's neck; " hut not Bithiah any more. I am Tera of Koiau. Call mo so." " You are not dead !" " Dead 1" cried Jack, with a joyful laugh, "not she I - Tern's still flesh and blood, and as pretty as ever. Don't look so scared, Cousin Rachel. She's no ghost." '" You mustn't faint, lass," said Carwell, with rough good-nature. " Tera is here, to stay until sho marries Jack. Take her into the .house, and set her at the table. She'll cat well, I warrant," and the farmer led away the liorso with a jolly laugh. "What does it all mean? asked Rachel, still ustonished. She was not a weak girl, else sho would have fainted at the Budden reappearance of Tera. " It's a long story," cried Finland. "Tera will tell it to you." Rachel turned and kissed her cousin. "Oh, Jack, I'm so glad you are free. I thought thoy would — Oh, never mind ; what does it all matter now? But as Tera is alive, who is tho dead girl we buried?' "A gipsy called Zara." "And who killed her?" " No one knows. That's a new job for Chard. Come, Rachel, , take us inside. I'm as hungry ns a beach-comber. And Tera looks as though sho could eat a bit, too. " " Come iu, dear," said Rachel, drawing Tera towards the house; "I am simply dying to hear what oil this means." Shortly afterwards, in accordance with the maimer of the sex, tho two girls retired to Rachel's room to exchange confidences. Jack was left alone, and stood on the front step whistling. He was iu the highest spirits, and no wonder. Was he not ac quitted of a dangerous charge, engaged to marry .Tera with the full consent of bis uncle, part owner of a ship after his own heart, and shortly sailing, for the South Seas, which ho loved . far mnre than his native land? The future was bright and assured, and Finland, although not as a rule devotionally inclined, breathed a prayer of thankfulness for his good fortune. There was but one thing doubtful in his mind. Would his uucle give him tho money he re quired? As he debated tho question, Farm er Carwell came round the corner of the house, ready for dinner. Jack, who was prompt in all his actions, broached the sub ject there and then. " Uncle," he said, as the old man took a seat in his armchair, " about this five hun dred — can you let ine have it?" Carwell was not a mean man, bnt he was accustomed always, to approach with due caution anything in tho nature of a financial transaction ; therefore he did not open'his heart and hand so readily ns Jack had ex pected. " That requires some consideration, my lad," he said, after a pause; "money is harder to get than to give." " You have surely had plenty of time .to consider the matter, uncle?— because, I do not ask you to give me the money, but to lend it to me. I'll pay it back with interest — the loan 'will be ns good a thing for you as for me." 1 " H'm.' You see,' you offer no. security." - "Isn't my word enough security?" cried- Jack; flushing. "I am. your own sister's- son ; it is not likely 1 would swindle you." " Softly, my lad. I'm not accusing you of dishonesty ; but I never stretch out my hand further than I can draw it bock. You waut five hundred pounds ; for use in con nection with your ship, isn't it?" " Yes ; tho purchase of her has taken all tho money 1 got for the pearls, and all the skipper's savings to boot. We want more men ; wo can easily get them at Grimleigh. She must be provisioned too, and that takes a lot oi cosh. Then a hundred or so in hand for trading purposes when wo reach the South Seas. 1 can't moke bricks with out straw." " What sort of trading will you do?" "Oh, copra and bluckbirding," replied Finland carelessly. "I'm a plain country farmer," said Car- well, smiling, " and I don't understand these terms you bring from your new world. What is copra?" " The dried kernol of tho cocoannt. It is used for oil-making, and fetches a good price, especially if the Kanakas don't water it." " And bluckbirding, what is that?" Jack laughed and looked queerly at the old man. It was not easy for him to answer this question without offending his uncle's prejudices. However, he skirted round it, and got out of danger as best ho coidd. "Blackbirding," he said cautiously, "well, vttu sec, we sail for the Solomons or the Now Hebrides, and pick up natives to work on the plantations on the more civi lised islands. They are well looked after, and get good pay ; so after a few years they go back to their own land set up for life." "Do tho missionaries approve - of this system?" " Oh ! yes. It brings savages from out- of-the-way islands into tho circle of Chris- trinity, and then they can spread the Gospel oil their .own account." "They are not slaves, these natives?— they are paid?" "Paid in what we call trade," replied Jack. " They hire themselves out for three years as a rule, and when their service is ended we take them bock again, with the valuo of what they have earned in goods. Oh, it's square enough. The Australian Go vernment appoints agents to see that all is above board." "Does it pay?" "You bet, uncle — pays well. Let me have that live hundred and I'll soon give it to yon again." "I must take a week to think over it," said Carwell, still unconvinced. Finland bit his lip, and very nearly com mitted the indiscretion of rapping out a nautical oath. But as, in that religious household, such language would at once have put an end to all chances of his get ting the money, ho was wise enough to re strain himself. Shortly after this, Rachel arrived with Tera, in full possession of the whole story. The recital of it hod excited her not a little, and during ' dinner sho talked of nothing else. "I suppose you will go back with Jack to your own island?" she said. _ " Yes," replied Tera, "as soon as we are married by Mr. Johnson." "Johnson? Oh.! he won't marry us," said Jack, laughing. " I don't see how you can expect him to, Tera." " He is a minister." "He is also a man, my dear," observed Rachel ; " and he'is in love with you." "Let >us. trust that our pastor will be sensible, " said Carwell seriously; "now that his word has reappeared he is relieved from a grave danger." " Oh, Miss Arno.tt relieved him of that before,'' said Rachel; with a trifle of femi nine spite ; " indeed, he ought to marry her for all she has done for him." "It would bo a 'good thing for Bethga- mul," replied her father reflectively, "lor Miss Arnott is wealthy. If she became the wife of our pastor she dould do much good with her money."" " She is too old to marry my guardian," said Tera doubtfully. "What does her ago matter, child? Sho has a beautiful soul. A minister should not dwell unduly on the outward graces of wo manhood." Jack looked at Tom's pretty face and laughed. Undeniably it was her comoU- ness that had attracted the minister— not her soul. He was about' to make a remark to this effect when the sound of wheels was heard, and tho oxcited accents of a man with a lisp. Carwell went to the door, and found Inspector Chord and Mr. Moss descending from a trap. " My dear thir," cried the little Hebrew, running up with outstretched hands, " ith Mithter Finland here? Ith that girl with him? l'vo come about them pearlth." " Mr Moss wants to know if the sale was quite regular," explained Chard, as the boy came up to take his horse; "so I brought him hero to set his mind at rest." "Come in, come in," said Carwell, hos pitably.. "Tera and Jack can answer for themskves. Have you had dinner?' "No; I shall bo glad of some." "I can't cat a mouthful until I know about the pearlth," said Moss, fussing into the house. " Oh, Mr. Finland, here you are. What about tho pearlth?" "Well, what about them?" askod Jack, calmly. "Ith all right, the thale, ithn't it? You hod a right to thell them?" " This lady will tell you -that I had. The pearls were her property." "Mith! mithr said tho Jew, fluttering up to Tera. " Did you give the pearlth to Mithter Finland?" " Yes. I asked him to sell them." "They were your own pearlth?" " My own pearls. 1 received them from my father,' Buli, tho High Chief." to na CONTINUED. 