A SPECTBE HAND. TJie ghosts which are said ,to frequont ' the preeincts of Hampton Coui't Palace ! are. more or less known by reputation, but their rum blings have been promiscuous and uncertain. Great interest, in their movements-has, how-, ever, been newly aroused by the strange oxpe- iU'llbC Ui»UV;i(|WllW Ujr U|| Ui tiPl RJIU, UUlillB I'iU paet week, has been visiting certain roomH of the palaqe for the: purpose of sketching the old Flemish tapestry oil tlie walls. Whilst engaged in tlie Guard Watching- Chamber In broad daylight— for the room is closed to the public at 0 o'clock— this gentleman, Mr, Haynes, of Surbiton, posltvely asserts that a spectre hand, white and delicate and richly Jewelled, has persistently Intruded between him and tho tapestry. At first lie imagined the disturbing, element: must be one of the many hands so beautifully inscribed on the tapestry, but the limb, he says, moved slowly from one stage to another, and pointed. down wards. Mr. Haynes was much agitated, and told several friends of tills, curious" visitation. They, not unnaturally perhaps, advised him to dismiss the subject from his mind and re turn to the chamber and 'his work. But the hand reappeared'' before- his startled eyes; and on' the last appearance of the' phantom the artist' made a hurried sketch of the out stretched hand, the rough outline of which depicts a brilliant marquise'rlrig on the fore finger . The effect of these continued visits of the supernatural on Mr. :Haynes'ls very visi ble; he Is unnerved! and he lias suspended his sketching. These rire'the plain facts, but th'ere ls, it' would feem, a Weird and historic connection between-'qhis l|md and the hand> of the Queen Catherine, Howurd, one Of (he wives df K-lng-H'cnfy Vlil.; . " " 1 Among trie ' Princess ' of Wales' treasures there' Is a pair of ''opera-glasses wh!6h- are valued 'at £2000.: They aire made .of platinum/ set with rubles, sapphires, and- turquoises. - The 'largest ..library" in thc world 'is the Blbllotliesquo Nationals, in- Pa'riB, .founded by Louis XIV. It contains 1,400,000 voluiries, 300,000 pamphlets, 175,000., manuscripts,. 300,0.00 maps arid charts, arid 150,000 coins and me dal? ' ' 