THE GURJ3E OP THE. AGES. ABr BANKER.J From the very earliest stages of the world's history, back even to that little known period before the flood, the fer mented juice of the grape has been used and, unfortunately, abused-by mankind as a beverage. The first mention in all his tory of wine is unhappily a record of the abuse of the intoxicating fluid by Noah, wbho, though a preacher of righteousness, to his lasting shame succumbed to its seduc tions. And, throughout the long chronicles of the world's annals, ever repeated in stances occur of men, notable in all the varied walks of life, even great rulers, statesmen, poets, varriors, artists, who, against tl eir better judgment, have volun tarily allowed themselves to be enslaved and ruined by the madly insensative craving for strong drink. From Alexander the Great, who, though conqueror of the world, could not conquer himself, to the barbarian savage who drinks himself insen sible with kava or arrack, the career of ulitold mnillions has been blasted by the bilighlti?g eflects of thes abuse of alcohol; and althou!lgl througl?out the Briti-tj Empire, thanks to the work of Temperance Societies, and also of the ubiquitous Salva tion Army, the prevalence of drunkenness amongst the masses has during the past two decades very materially decreased, yet on the continent generally the opposite has been the case. ýrWhen vo read of the numerous chemicals whiich exist in wires we cannot be surprised at its strange effects bn the huminai fra.md. For it is said to.contain no less than twelbe iffjercnt acids. amongst them being cenac tliic, propioniu , butyrix, aceialdehyda; aa,.. cinic, glycolic, racemic, and other barbari gally named acids, besides a formidable grray of other drugs, minerals, oxides, utbyls, glutens, ectracti es, and gases. No wonder that a considerable dose of this omixturo causes a. disturbance of the cerebral and muscular p:owers, And what a degrading and contemptible spectacle does he, by courtesy called a man, present, who having gradually become more and more enslaved by the low vice, at length reaches the dreadful stage of tremb ling delirium. By day in a tremendous stato of abjeet misery and ssretshednesa, foegrin all manner of disahtefs atti calaci ties, and perhaps thinking that evert: individual entering his room Is an under. taker come to measure him for his cofin; and by night in even a far worse state of apprehensive terror, thinking his chamber is ftell of dreadful! hobgohlins waiting to carty himl off, add that shadowy ghosts sacu hideous spectres are hovering about hiln while other chimeras of a disordered braid continue to add to the terror until lid fancies h;imnself ' eritably shiit in in the place of torment, And so the wretched drunkard goes downs to his dishonored grave to await the dread Judgment Day, morally and physically a wreck, mourned by none, and an utter disgrace to humanity. - And yet, lidi he but sought strength from on higl from ITim who never refuses any that come to Him, to combat and resist the evil hlabit which has gradually dragged hint down to perdition, he would have lived honored and respected, and would have had the added pleasure of knowing that his future in the spirit-world would be a life of ecstatic pleasure, and bright, glorious felicity. 