. ?-SHpK*nSTOjBtST~ THE SURREE AT MASON'S. Fair-people, J think, can ever hive been Impressed fay tha liveliness of little KiUy meen, tat in its nook among the lonesome mountain and moorland, its one humble itreet joining the naoleat ot a sparse oabia aptinkling whioh strewe white flocks on the far-sweeping green (olds, hardly pleotiar hour aftvc a July thunder-storm. Yet to Bridge Doran, the girl who had lately taken service with the Oaseya np at tue Qoarry Farm, it seemed a centre of fashion and gaiety, being, indeed, the most considerable place she had seen in all her seventeen yean. For they had been spent np at Loughdrumesk, a hamlet felly ten miles deeper among the wildest town-lands, with only a rough cart track, threading a blaok bog, and climbing endless shaggy slopes, and dropping over a * purple mountain shoulder, to oonneot it with Millymeon. She had lett behind there, three months ago, her feeble old grandfather and alert old grandmother, in a bny, high-perched cabin, whioh felt a world too wide for Us other in. dwellers, when this third of their lives tad gone: And since then there had been much travelling of thoughts to and fro between it and the Gays' prim, whitewashed farm house at Hie foot of Slieve Glasama. At first Bridget had made the journey as oon etantly as her grandmother; but she was young and busy, and in a new place, and aa the weeks went on she became morepte. ooeupied with what lay immediately before her. ? ? - ? ??? ? ? The Surree at Hahon's, fixed for a day in Ohrirtuas week, was the most exalting of the fresh prospeats that unfolded .themselves, and was looked forward to with much pleased interest by KUlymeen at large. There had been, no turrees in the neigh, bonrhood during a long spell of bad times ; but this year matters were looking blighter, and old Barney Mahon, who had a thrifty turn and a oommodions kitchen, was encouraged to make a venture whioh pro mised fair profits at a smalt risk. For a sores — whioh : has, with quaint effect, bor towed its name from polite Frenoh — is a sort of subscription dance, little more elaborate in its arrangements than are the kaleys, or oonversjzionea, that beguile so many wintry hours in Donegal homes . when all the dark out-of- doors hurtles and plashes with wind and rain, and the neighbours drift into their plaoes round some appointed hearth as promiscuously as a wreath of dry leaves swept, rustling, together by an aerial eddy. At a snrree eaoh oouple pay a shil ling, but no refreshment is expeoted sava fragaUy.dupeiued tea ; and the fiddler is content to sorape for a modest fee and his chanoas of small coins from the dancers. Bark Hugh MoEvoy, being Barney's cousin, was willing to supply the muaio for this occasion on specially easy terms; and, tn short, ciroiimstanoes conspired to make it seem desirable that Barney should meet the often expressed wishes of his younger friends by announcing the first snree of the season; It would be Bridget's first taste of any formal dissipation, and Rose Ouey, her master's niece, and Kate Duffy, his plough, man's daughter, who lived in the yard, set her expectation on tiptoe extremely by their accounts of like entertainments. Kate and she were to go togethor, as it is the custom to attend soirees in couples. These often are formed of a colleen with the boy who is 'spaaing' ' to her, but often also a brother and sister make a pair, or any other two friends. Eoae Oasey was to marry Peter O'Donoghue at Shrovetide, so she would, of oourae, go with him— a foot of Which she made a little parade to Bridget, who felt, however, porfeotly content with Hate's escort. A sweetheart of her own would have seemed, indeed, an alarming possession: Her mistress had advanced her « shilling out of her quarter's wages— a * whole pound— and she had expended the elxpenoe left, after securing her admission to the snrree, upon a splendid red glass brooch, which made her think her equipment very complete. ' ' Bat just when everything seemed gliding most smoothly towards the delightful goal, an pbstaole cropped np and threatened to overthrow all her plans with one disastrous jolt. Onaoertain frost-spangled morning the postman brought to Bridget a letter whose contents agreed with her wishes as ill as a dash of vinegar would have done With the thick aream which she was ohuru- ing when the mail arrived. Her grand mother wrote to say that ' she thought bad oi Biddy to be trampin' the long way her lone from Killymeen to their plaoe, and that old Billy Molloy was slippin' over wid his peny and a gatherin* of «ggs to the Maga more on next Thursday morning, and -ad giro her a lift if she'd start along wid him when he would be goin' baok. So Uiddv had a right to ax lave of her mistress, and come home wid ould Bill, who'd turn a bit out of his way . to pick her np ; and real ?lad they'd be to set eyes on her again.' For Mrs Oasey had promised Biddy h»r choice of three days in Christmas week to spend at home, dairy work being slaok. Bridget had looked forward to the holiday with a glow of pleasure, and meant to take it on the Friday, whioh would be Christmas Bre, and the day after the snrree. But her' grandmother's iojupction was not compatible with this arrangement. ' Sore, I'd miss all the fun and everythin' if I took ofl and went wid ould BUI. I wish he and his baste of an ugly skewbald 'ud keep themselves out of bother' when they aren't wanted,' she said, half-orying, to her friends Hose and Kate, as she showed them the letter in the kitohen. ' Musha, good gracious 1' said Eoae. Ton wouldn't ever think of going f Just bid the ould man step along wid himself, and say you'll oome on Friday .' ' But me grandmother 'd be rale vexed if I done that, and he after going ont of his road to 0*11 for me,' said Bridget, doubt iullv. : ' Well, then,' said Kate. ' yon might write and tell her not to send him. f his is on'y Tuesday; there's plenty of time; and I've a stamp in me box this long while yoa're welcome to.* ' Ay, to be sure,' said Rose ; ' and say me aunt oan't spare you oonvanient afore Friday.' ' ' 1 But,' aaid Bridget, looking disconcerted, ' I'm after sending her word be Judy Fiynu that I'd got lave to come any day at all this week.' ?Oi, botheration to it!' said Bose. ? Then say you're too bad wid a could,, and couldn't be travelling that far. . Bedad, I heard yon coughing this morning fit to tall in pieces like a head of the witherdy geranium there. Morebetoken the red one in the windy corner's dhropping itself into the pan of buttermilk where you've set it, you'd better be movin* it out of that.' 'I have a heavy could on me, sure onough,' said Bridget, coughing to oonvinoe herself; bat nor aisoonoertea expression remained, and she fidgeted about uneasily. 'For the matter o( writing1— she said— * you me the time I was fitting me sohoolin' I did be mostly minding the sheep— and I oan make some sort of an offer at tne read ing, if it's wrote pretty big— but writing oneself is quaro nigglety work.' ? Mercy on as, girl alive, if that's all ails you, I'll write a letter for you meself in a ininuit and a Half,' said Bose, with-alaority. ' Bedad will I. Sure, I've wrote to Peter timed and again, when he was stopping away at Manchester. So don't bother your teao. about it ; lave the regulation of it all to ma, I ve plinty oi paper miaelf, and Kate 'ill give her stamp.1 Bridget agreed to this plan, though not without some qualms of oonsoienoe, which made her refrain guiltily from inquiring about the details of its execution, thereby giving Rose a free hand, of whioh she 'availed herself without much scruple. She had an Imaginative turn of mind, and a taste for notion, io her story grew under her ? eoratohing 'pen, until in the end shepro dnoed a letter purporting to come not from Brldfffet. but fmtn liprBAlf- and rimnriMnfy Bridget's indUposttJonttBoot a simple cold, bat an attack of pluasery- newmoney. This formidable complaint would hinder her from returning with Bill Molloy. ? But she'll oome,' wrote Eoae, ' as soon aa ever she's able. And that won't be afore Friday, anyway, if she overs it at all.' The last clause straok her as giving an effective completeness to the composition, and she read it. over with a oomplaoenoy which did not take into aooonnt how it might be spilled out in the bleak little hillside cabin oft away at Longhdromesk, The evening of the Burree arrived in dne course, and with it a flutter of snow, swirling on rough- and unruly blasts. Silver- white threads and etitehes had begun to embroider the purple folds of Siieve Qlaaama before tlie mists descended muff ling and blurring ; _and the paths orunohed crisply under brogues, and made oold dutches at bare feet by the time that the neighbours were approaching Barney Itahon's door. They remarked to one another that it was hardy weather, and added that they were- apt to have it severe, whioh is soma degrees worse 'than hardy. Few people, however, had been daunted into staying at come, and there was mush shaking of powder flakes out of shawl- folds and off rough ooat.sleevM at the entrance t» Barney's dustily-fliokering room. When Base and Es-« and Bridget got there, which they did as .ion as 'ever they ooUd finish 'reading up' after tea, moot of the1 company tad assembled, and dancing was about to begin'. Boss's temper was somewhat ruffled because Peter O'Donoghue had not kept hit promise of doming to eBoort ter. But his riatert now hastened to explain how he had been delayed by the Budden illness of their calf. - Howaneer, the baste was coming round finely when they left,' they reported, and Peter would be after then in no time. So his fiancee was appeased, and oontented herself provision ally with Larry Sullivan for a partner. ' faix. now, it's only an odd turn the rest of us boys gats wid yon thane times,' he said to her gallantly, as the fiddler struck up. ' Ne'er a ohanoe we have at all, unless when the luck keeps him that's luokier away.* Do not suppose that the soiree danced Jigs. Later on in the evening a couple might stand up and perform one while the others were recovering- their breath ; but at the outlet it was a vigorous round danoe that began to gyrate with a step whioh, though perhaps not reoognised in any aoademy, kept time to Hugh's musio with mash accuracy, and made light of the difficulties opposed by an uneven mud floor. The crockery on the dresser jingled merrily to the rhythmical beat of their feet, and eaoh pair of bobbing heads that passed in front of it might bo Keen to make an abrupt dip down and np again. This was caused by an unusually deep hollow whiob occurred in that part of the floor, and Barney MahoD, looking on with the elders from their oirole round the hearth, observed it, and said, ' Begob, I must see to having that houle filled up before next time, or else somebody 'ill be tripping up in it, and Retting a quare toss.' The other spectators sat well content with their share of the entertainment. Pun gently-puffing outtie pipes solaced the men, and the women kept their knitting needles twinkling ; in fact, they would almost as Boon havo left off breathing by way of rest and relaxation. For further amusement they had the affairs of the country-side to discuss, enlivened with an occasional anecdote or riddle* Dan Goligher had just propounded one of the latter, whioh euooese. fully puzzled everybody who had not heard it before— 1 A brown lough Wid a white stand, Sorra the ship could sail round it, But I oonld told it in me hand ' ? and he was triumphantly explaining, ' Sure, a oup of tay,' when two people came bolting in at .the door, whioh they, forthwith began to secure behind them, as eagerly as if they were shutting out some deadly peril. They naid nothing, but their speechless hurry was more suggestive than words \- Whethen now, Peter O'Donoghue and Ned Kinoella, what's took you at all to be flouncing in on the people that a-wayP' said Barney Mahon, somewhat affronted at their unceremonious entranoe end dealings with his fastenings and furniture. 'That's a great ODld slamming of the door you have —and what for woold ye be jamming the benoh again it, unless you're intending the next body that Domes through it to bo breaking his shinBf' ' Troth, I only hope it may— and its neok, too— between us and harm— if it's offering to oome in on us— I do so,' said Peter O'Donoghue, panting. Ha left his comrade to finish barricading the door, and pashed himself further into- the room, until several gronpB interpessa between him and the dangerous point; ' After as it may be this minyit of time,' he said. 'Ooh, bat that was the quare fright I got— the sainta look down upon us this uight/ ' It's herself below at the ould gate to night/ said Ned KinseUa, who was oalnur tban Peter, though evidently muoh alarmed. ? And morebetoken it's not inside she is this night, but sitting crouched up nn the bank ud wiu fiaim «wu me graD BUB UUtue OI Pewr going by; indeed, I thought he'd never get his ooat tail wrenohed out of her onld hand.' ?It might as well have bnen caught in a rat trap the way she held on,' said Peter. ? I give you me word, mo hair's standing on end yst, fit to rise ma hat off the root of me head,' what wid that and the onnathural screeches she let— I wonder you didn't hear them here. And it's my belief she set off legging after us— goodness preserve us! only I was afraid of ma life to look round ana see. These tidings spread general consternation among the company, as, under the oironm stauOM, they well might do. For only a few hundred yards down the loaning lay an ancient burying ground, with its rained, ohapel and weed entangled tombstones, a a place whose ghostly reputation had long h«*n MfcAhllahAri at 17*llvn.aam Tn ?.?..it. - oular the wraith of a little old woman was often to be seen of an evening peering out' through the rusty gate bars, and sometimes stretching forth a fearsome hand to pluok at tha unwary passer-by. But her appearance out oa the roadside was a new; development, and one whioh made Peter and Ned's report unpleasant hearing for people who would presently be obliged to take that route borne. The danoe came to a standstill, and in its etoad a series of dismal ghost-Btories began to oirole round the room. Perhaps the moot gruesome of them was Nick OaroUn's. He related how he had once lived in a plaoe where there was in the middle of the yard a deep well, out of whioh on certain moonlit nights a dark figure would emerge, and go gliding round and round it, making a wider and wider oirouit, until she reaohed the house, at whose door she rapped loudly as she passed by. And whenever that happened there would be a death in the family before the twelvemonth was out, as sure as fate. A general shudder followed this denouement, and old Mrs. Lindera made a particular application of it by remarking gloomily that it was a poor obse to have the likes of snoh orathurs about ; but Mrs Ooleroan, a comely matron, who continued to sit by the fire unperturbed, said plaoidly, in a pause, ' Sorra a bit of harm there is in it thin night, I'm a.thinkin'. If the lads seen anythin', it's apt to ha' just been some poor body after ml— ing her way in the snow.' 'Troth and bedad, then it was the, quare body altogether,' Peter asseverated, '? and to hair ol the headjBflJ was telling, vo irletUng straight wid the dhread of her the first minyit I oome nigh the plaoe.' * Ah, sure, some people's' as ready at that as a dog at oocking his ears,' said Joey folan. ? Maybe we'd a right to «o look Is there e'er a one in it. Some crathur might be straying about perishing, and it snowing again as thick ai sheep's wool.' 'Begor, you won't persuade me to go fooling along wid yon,' said Peter; 'I couldn't be getting me heels oat of it fast enough. May the saints have me sowl, but I 'thought I'd lose me life afore ever I landed inside— and here I'll stop. Nobody need be axtn* me, for divil a f ut I'll stir.' 'Oood Denn'ji am ao&lmn.;' Jne nhflAivfld sarcastically ; but Peter went on in a hilf oomplaoent tone . ' One while it 11 be afore Cm the better of that frightening I pot. Every mortal bit of me in a thrimble wid it yet.' ? Ifusha then, you gaby, can't you whisht about it, instead of to bo telling everybody the sort of onld polthroou you are?' Bose Uasey whispered to him fiercely, ready to ory with mortification as she saw significant smiles passing round at the expense oi her happily unconscious betrothed. As she spoke the door resounded with a heavy thump, whioh made those who were standing next to it hop back with a scarcely dignified haste. Some of them tried to carry it off by pretending that they were merely Kettuur out of one another's way. while some shrieked nnfeiguedly, and above all ejaculations rose Peter O'Donoghue's voice, shrill with undisaembled terror, saying: 'Oh, to goodness, don't open.it for yonr livoe. Bun that other form again it, yon that are wtdin raioh. Meroy be among us, she's apt to have us all destroyed.' ' Arrah now, will yon be letting us in out of that, you jackasees, you?' shouted a voice reassuringly familiar and irate. It was young Larry Sullivan, who had slipped out through the baok door a few minutes before, and whose impatience at being kept waiting had nothing supernatural about it. Despite Peter's remonstrances, the door was thrown open, and disclosed Larry standing tall against a back- ground of glimmering while, in a gloom whioh, vrhen yon looked into it anywhere steadily. grow fall of wandering flakes like soattered breadcrumbs. Beside him appeared a smaller figure, whom he palled indoors along with him, before anybody well had time for terrific surmises, and whom the firelight showed to be a little old woman wrapped up in a powdered brown shawl. She was breathless and bewildered and forlorn-looking, as she peered round from face to face, all strange, all comfortless —but no ; for the moment Bridget Doran set eyes on her she sprang at her and caught her in a great hug : ' Why, granny, darlint, and is it yourself ?' she said. ' And how at all did you come this night in the snow ? It's kilt you are entirely. You can't ever ha' come wid ould Bill Molloy ?' \- Ah, honey, I thramped it,' said old Mrs Doran. ' Sure I couldn't rest aisy thinking me little Biddy was took that bad away all her lone among the strange people. But finely you're looking, glory be to goodness. 'Deed, now me heart's been fit to break fretting over since I got the letter this morning, saying that belike you wouldn't over it.' 1 And I to be dancing round like a zany betwitched, and you all the white streeling through the snow,' said Bridget, with acute remorse. ' It's sorry I am I let anybody send you such owld lies. ' But'— looking indignantly at Rose—' I only said to say that I had a could.' ' And I lost me way in the dark,' went on If re Doran, plaintively, * and what at all I'd have done, I duuno, only for the daoint boy coming ; for nought else the other two 'ud do but let yells at me, and run away like soared turkeys.' 1 Creeping along under the high bank she was, the crathur, when I met her,' Larry meanwhile was telling the others, 'and eoaroe able to coutind wid the blasts of the win'. And eez she to me : ' For the love of God just stop to tell ma ain I anywheres near the Casey's house*' And Bex I to her : ' Is the Quarry Farm you're wanting V and sez she to me, ' Ay, it's where me poor Katey's little daughter, Bridget Dorsn in in service, and dying wid some manner of out landish siokness ; it is to hpr 1 am going,' sez she. So sez i to her, ' If it was Bridget Doran she was wanting, I'd seen the girl three miByits ago, aud ne'er a sign of dying on her whatsomever,' and I juBt brought her along here. It is perished and stupid the crathnr is wid the could. You'd a right to get her a cup of hot tay, and a warm at the fire,' ooncladed Larry, there upon bestirring himsell to buperintend the carrying ont of this prescription. And a little later he prompted bis mother to offer Mrs Doran a night's lodgings at their house close by, thus entailing upon themselves more hoBpitality than they had foreseen. For of the Snrree at Hahon's all's well that ends well oould not quite be said, as some of the guests were disposed to say prematurely when the assembly was break ing np. To begin with, old Mrs Doran had caught a very bad dull during her snowy wanderings, and now had a severe illnesa which endangered her life, and obliged Bridget to pay many an anxious and oontoienoe-strioken hour as a fee for hei deoeptive letter, while a difference which the had mext morning with Roue Casey about the unauthorised mendacity of its contents led to a permanent cooling down of their friendship. Moreover, Bose, on the very same day, spoke in such scathing terms to Peter O'Donoffhne with reference to his panic on the night before, that oven his . impenetrable self- satisfaction was touched, and a violent falling out ensued. The oonseqnenoa was that no wedding took plaoe at Shrovetide; and the last time I had news from Killymeen ' there was no talk of it at all,' so the broach may be oon sideied final. In fact, it is commonly sup posed that he has some notion of tracsfeiring lift attentions to Bridget Doran. But 1 happen to know that the only one among the boys she thinks of is Larry Sullivan, whom she always remembers irrateiully as the resouer of her grandmother. Whereas, if Larry fancies anyone, it is Kate Duffy. Whence it appoara that some rather com plicated orosa-ourrents in the stream of life lowing through Ktllymaen have started from this Snrree at Mabon's. 