At Her Majesty's. A brilliant, fashionable, and crowded audience greeted the first production of "Floradora" on Saturday night. So extensive had been the booking during the week that the management bad found itself compelled to extend the dress circle right back to the promenade. We bad been prepared to find tbe work of Leslie Stuart and Owen Hall a suc cess. Not because it bad been running for two years at the London Lyric (that cannot always be taken as an Australian criterion), but because both tbo music and tbe libretto were already well known here. But it is one thing to hear the score of a musical comedy played on the piano, or to read the words ; quite another to have them rendered bv a full chorus, a talented company, and surrounded by a wealth of Williamsoniau accessories. The management had spared neither trouble nor expense in their efforts to achieve success. For tbe part of Lady Holyrood Miss Grace Palottahad been spe cially engaged. We had had a previous satis factory experience of the bright, finished, piquant methods of this clever little lady. She brings with her on her return visit all the old archness of style, all the graceful abandon and skill in dancing, that for merly characterised her. Her 6ongs, too, are thoroughly up to date. Lady Holy- rood has no more to do with the plot of Floradora than any of thootbor characters. But, then, who wants plot in a musical comedy ? Mr. John Gordon has painted a beauti ful bit of Philippine Island scenery for the first act. There is a wealth of blossom and foliage in the foreground, while in the background tbe sea lies as blue and still as it can lie only in the "En chanted Isles." The enticing, dusky beauties engaged in the manufacture of the perfume Floradora are all gaily dressed in richly- tinted costumes, the colors of wbicb are artistically har monised. Presently these are reinforced by a number of clerks in orthodox white suits and sailor hats, and they and the girls begin to "warble various tunes" and dance very fetcbingly. The whole 6cene is full of life, light, warmth, and brilliant tropical color. Here, too, we are introduced to Frank Abercoed (Mr. Wallace Brownlow), who i6 in love with one of tbe estate girls, to wit Dolores (Miss Carrie Moore), who is tbe rightful owner of Floradora, but has been swindled out of it by Cyrus W. Gilfain (Mr. Hugh J. Ward). Presently Mr. Gilfain, accompanied by a bevy of English girls, all attired in thoroughly up-to-date London fashion, and by Angela Gilfain (Mis6 Maud Cbetwynd), bcr lover. Captain Arthur Donegal (Mr. Kenningbam), and Lady Holyrood reach the island from the Old Country. Then there is another period 1 of lively flirting, dancing, and singing, in which the sweethearts, Captain Donegal and Angela Gilfain, bo far dis- tinmitshed thomKpl vob ihflt tliov had in submit to a triple recall. And here the stage flowers were lavishly supplemented by tbe beautiful ifloral trophies banded from the orchestra to tbe artists. The first act is full of good things, including Dolores ballad of " The Silver Star of Love," and Frank Abercocd's "Tho Shade of the Palm." There is also a merry trio and concerted number, ending with a clever dance by the English girls and the clerks. The broad comedy of the production is furnished by Anthony Tweedlepunch (Mr. Geo. Lauri), a travelling phrenolo gical impostor, who is oa the track of the Floradora secret. He creates great laughter, not only by endeavoring to marry the wrong people by means of his bump readings, but also by bis grotesque dancing and hie comic business generally. Tbe fun of tbe work is continued at Abercoed CAstie, Wales, which has been purchased by Millionaire Gilfain, and which, like all old Welsh castles, has its ghosts traditions. Here again, too, there is some good music, notably Mis6i Moore's "His One and Only Love/, Mr. Brownlow's "Land of My Home/ and Mr. Kenninghau's "The Men of tbe English Guards," written and sung by himself, and with a stirring chorus. I have no more space to go into farther ucitmi, eu ujubi i.uiiv€iii zayseu dv saying that " Floradora " is one of the brightest and best things that Mr. Williamson has given us for a very long time. And so full of life and future possibilities is it that it comes timcously as a Christmas production. To-morrow afternoon there is to be a matinee. 