THE CRITIC. Who can undaunted brave the Orit'c's raga ? Or note unmoved hfg mention In the Critic's piera ? Parade his errors in tho public are V Aud AlutherGruudy'a rage defy ? J.P.— Justicj Parodied. 'God save tho Queen, bnt — damn Rhodes.',— Boer Toast. John Hare has been sent to gaol in Brisbane for larceny. Jugged Hare. The democratic ideas of aristocrats aro preferable to the aristocratic ideas of democrats. How very appropriate 1 The cronk Tip (Moore Park) overlooks Randwiek acecourse. ? ♦ * The copper who was recently in trouble has a fine alcoholic name — James Hcnessey Toohey. They say that six more contingents could be raised from fellows wantiDg to clear out of Sydney before the plague. ' A plague on both your houses ' — the dirty slummcrs of Seesussex-street and the muddled mugwumps at the Town HalL It has been decided to form a 'Corn Exchange' in Sydney. Personally, the Critic prefers to cut 'em out altogether. Can't. tho Broken Hill Council bo induced to throw in its lot with tho city brigade of our own Town Hall? What a clorious combination ! I*b got a little boy at tobe Who sigs de Jigo sogs ; ?He's very handy roud de place To scare uway Btray dogs. # ♦ * By a most natural misplacement, tho 'Nooze'1 printed a heading, 'Tho City Refuso and Council Instructors.' If intentional, neat; if accidental, appropriate. Hail ! Australia, land of beauty, Sovereign of tho Southern Seasl Your brave sons have done their duty. Now the bill will make you sneeze. Duriuc tho hearing of the (Jeorfre Marsden Smyth case at the Water Police Court on Wednesday the prosecutrix stated that she did consider an engagement ling a presont. Borcbgrcvink has located tho mag netic pole at last. At least he says so, and it's much easier to believe him than to look for the proof. Where's the good of the find, anyhow '! Cronje, thoudi only five feet high, measured forty inches round the chest. The Boers can breed a sturdy joker as well as the British, bluster to the contrary notwith standing. 'D. TV Newcastle correspondent remarks that 'the forest of masts which extends over the port, is a very gratifying fact.' Humph! Does he allude to the fatal oyster bank ? The bulk of those unfortunates who floated ashore after the Glenelg horror were mostly wedding-ring and skeleton. Tho voracious shark hod a rare carnival. Ugh ! Horrible to thinkof. We notice that tho 'don't die, let Mr. Buglenose try his hand on you' advertisements are decreasing in the Southern papers since John Norton got to business.—' Patriot,' (Q). The frail of cronknoss is over everything handled by the A.J.C. Thero are rnmors about that in the selection of a Bite for tho club's new premises, there has been jobbery. More anon. For Heaven's Bake let us keep the Privy Council, whatever else, we yield up. Nobody in ' England cares a goddam for Australian goldbugs, jind tbat makes all the difference to the poor litigants. Weeks ago a professional diver who once worked around Darling Harbour told the writer that the condition of the wharves was such that Truth dare not describe one-, half. It waB something appalling. Amongst tho busiest bnsybodies Buttering around in view of Federal falde lals is Grim Frankley, the Hospital Saturday Mumbo-Jumbo. From plagues, pestilence and famine, Good Lord deliver us ! # ? # Froudo : — ' Nations ave Hko en larged schoolboys. : The smallest trifle will bring about a quarrel between rival adjoin ing states as long as it )B undecided which of them is strongest.' South Africa for instance. ? ? ♦ JTo wonder, we have plagne, -when on a recent afternoon rats wore seen scampering ovor and larking about the small goods displayed for Bale in the windows of a well-known Sydney butchering establishment. ' Bulletin' yaps at UTorton in its cor- I respondence column. Who is the yapper ? j Gin it be a curtain one who once thought ! himself a genius in financial transactions ? j By tho w.-.y, the police ave remarkably com plaisant sometimes. B ? ? Judging from advertisements, every woman in New South Wales consumes about one and a half pecks of ' Eilent pills ' per annum. And yet they talk as much as over. But that's a failing far more in curable than the other. IE tho Greek fish-shops had been [ looked after when the Critic raised the note j of warning, there'd have been a lot less plugue.— ' The plnguo Bubonic I« largely Ionic. The very best way to prove., onco and for all, tho relative valuo of rival garbage destructors, would be to drop a few of the city aldermen into each and watch the result. They would put the machines powers to tho test, with a vengeance ! Ths lowering of the tram fares will be a great 'inont to the rent-paying work ing man. lo will probably have tho effect of increasing tho value of property and thereby raising house rents. Tho poor property owner gets on top every time. Since Australian Pi- emiers have de cided that no terms of peace, excepting such as ensure absolute British supremacy in South Africa, will be acceptable or' per- mitted, the Boers may as well give up the ghost at once. This clinches the matter. Th-5 following pearl of wisdom is from the 'Evening News':— 'The fleas which livo on rats, either healthy or pla^ue infected, will not bite human beings, and vice versa.' What price a flea diet — especially if served up with bubonic sauce. ♦ * ? How these dailies love one another ? In 'Granny's' repor.t of tboCf^raUad guzzle shecarefully mentioned that Mr. W. Curnow wasprescnt, ho, of course, being editor of that ; Godly journal Ir. tho 'D.T. 'a ' report there j is no mention of Curnow. /Vdk1, who's tho ear ? # « ? Outside tlio quarantined arra, at any rate, the plague hasn't proved such a ! bad thing for Sydney publicans. When | the'o!d man' comes licuno 'tonnicked' ! ho now tells missus : ' Plague, my desrsh, j forshed pass Kent, Clarence, hie. Medical ! advice.' ' | Rule of three Bum for the next i Public Service examination : If one big | biazo consumed six thirty-ninths of Sydney j in one week, how many sound insurance co's. would bo discovered iu the remainder of the ccnturv ? (From Gumbliu' Smith's Arithmetic). Tho last moments of the gallant Jouhert were embittered by the knowledge that he could never look on tho martial fea tures of that illnstrious warrior, Majawbone Nield. The Critic has this fact on the best authority, and heartily sympathises ivilh ! tho Boer warrior. When the 'D.T.' vrar correspon dent dated his letter from Loid Roberts' quarters at Stinkfontein, Sydney leaders rubbed their eyes and asked whether 'Bobs' had really landed at Darling Harbor. He'd find it quite aB deadly as Bocrland, and a lot more Emellfu). ? ? * I Milfoil's line is r.callod just now : — 'The guilty flea,, they amble cease lessly !' But if tlif-y amble up to tho Critic's kip there's about a ton of chloride of lime and thirteen boxes of Hashburton Thompson's plague tablets waiting for their pricking consciences. o ? ? There's a heap more chivalry thnn sense in the attitude of the Government towards the Labor Party and Dan O'Connor. When Billy Crick rushes wide-mouthed at the Solidarities some good angel should be at hand to whisper, 'What ho! she bumps ' — distinctly. Lord Davy and his colleagues of the Privy Council sat on our local Supremo Court with a dull, sickening, legal thud in the appeal of Simpson v. Bank of New Zealand. Their lordships practically said that our local judges don't know enough law to sell saveloys safely. * * * Agent-General Copelnnd in. court dress carrying bis beefeater axe, and poking Tie. under the fifth rib, -will be well worth while seeing. Copoy onco said that if Jesus Christ wanted a schniftcr on Sunday He ought to get it. Bung loses a good kobber in Copey. The, 'bus horses are having a bad time of it at present by reaBou of the pro prietors endeavoring to force them to suc cessfully competo with the trams. The inhuman manner in which some of the equine weeds are forced to struggle along under the whip is a disgrace to those in authority. Speaking to a country crowd the other day, Minister for Mines Fegan said \u- j was afraid the Fcde.-nl capital would alway ' be in Melbourne.' Fegan is getting a good ! gucsser. The Federal capital will start in j Melbourne and stay iu Melbourne, as a party named John Norton always said it would do. If ths Government doesu't pretty soon import an export, the Syduey plagne | amateurs will have half the people poisoned : by inoculation. The fact that several inocu- | latcd persons have taken the plague shows that prophylactic is no protection. Still tha doctors must have a chance of practising on J ths people. | * « ? | Syduey 'Star' directors are Tangle foot Toohcv, Susscx-strceti See, and one Hogan, a hopeless kind of the contracting ' canoodler. lfaucy if the directors of a j steamship company were a. doctor, an archi tect, and a retail fruiterer ! Poor old 'Star' ! Long ago 'set' by a discriminat ing public! Reid is still. Polonius-liko, ' harp ing on my daughter.' Because Premier Lyne has boon too busy to settle that finance commission upon the figure-faking of the wriggleseme one, that interesting extinction of erst volcanic vigor chuckleth muchly, and claims the conquest. Good old politi cal Fahtaff ! ' Banjo ' Patterson should tako a pull on the 'Australian superiority' racket. According to Banjoseph the average British officer and soldier are such muS's, that if it were not for the presence of the mighty Australians, they'd have to starve ben-nuse they wouldn't be ablo to cook their * * ? The Queensland police arc at present busily engaged gathering together clues to the perpetrators of the recent huge railway robberies. A Queensland copper without a cluo is a curious customer, and it is likely that the thievos will be captured. Such a thing, like a child born with two heads, is quite possible. * « * Hat. Harris has been duly rubbed out for twolve'long moons ; but when will the press be admitted to these inquisitorial j turf investigations? The whole couduet of the turf is in the hands of a few coterios of ignorant grab-alls, all taking their patterns ii-om, and upeing tho manners of, the ' cul chawod ' Clibborn. Contrast tho politician's — or rather the bot'-h statesman's— promises with his performances. Reid said his Public Health Act was to te the greatest boon ever con fcrrcd on New South Walos. It lias had a fair trial, and now we have the plague, and Sydney in an insanitary condition which would appal Constantinople. * » ? Tho Critic was offered £100 not to write this par, but his pen is not to be stayed by unholy bribes. If these immoral overtures are persisted in, the Critic will assuredly publish Iho names and addresses of tho ruffians in full— when tho proper time comes. Meanwhile— where was I?— Oh !— the par is hereby written. Walcha, (a map of the colony and a ruicroscor.o will help to locate tile place), has wired its full concurrence with tho Premier's cable to England re British supremacy in South Africa. The enormous political power of Walcha was only want ing to lend full assurance to tho British Cibinct that we weren't ' pulling its leg.' The methods adopted for stamping j out the plague in the city are many and j marvellous. One method U for men to walk ' up and down the principal thoroughfares with brooms, which are used to stir up tho antagonistic germs and fighting microbes, so that they might be swallowed by the otherwise healthy pedestrian on his way to business. Ko wonder that iha plague lias proved too much for our Health Depart- \ ment. In a small matter, their treatment of tho Licensed Victuallers' Association, with respect to tho strength of spirits, Ashburton Thompson, Getting and Co., proved their efficiency, as anyone can see by consulting a file of 'The Licensing Guardian.' Sydney ' D.T's.' special, ' Screwy neck,' is back on the job. Let the heathen rejoice, for once more he tells ub (this makes exactly the one thousand and third time) that ' the Bcrvico Australians aro seeing in the Transvaal will prove of ' in-. ? calculable' benofit.' Ya! verily. It will, | it shall, and it must! For ' Scrcwyneck' hath said so. Tho late James Anthony Fronde was tho most discriminating of all the globe trotters who have written about Australia, yet in 'Occana' (page 166) he makes the fol lowing remark about Sydney people: ? ' They study sanitary questions and work hard to improve the health of their city and tokeeptaeirbayunpolluted.' Iftlioplaguo victims meet Froude ? ? ? * ? . The Queensland Indian Famine Fund amounts to £415. Tiie African Fight ing X' untl of tlio eelihq province umounts lo some £30,090. While millions of pounds sterling are being spent in butchering men by way of redressing tho fancied franchise ! grievances of a few British adventurers in the Transvaal, millionsof British subjects in India arc in a state of starvation. A blithe Victorian Bushwhacker's Contingcntor named Matthew Hilder, was fined fifty ' bob' last week for assaulting a servant-girl named Matilda, by snatching a kiss from her fruity lips. Your ways our brains bewilder ; v Tour osculation ranh clean blocks Matilda from lint Hilder! * * ? If, as John Norton and others in sinuate, the present epidemic is not bubonic plague at all, but a virulent type of typiiUE, then the wholesale destruction of rats is a big mistake. Tbe rat, like the shark, is one of nature's scavengers, and perhaps did good work in counteracting the indescribable filth of the quarantined area, which of itself should have bred some terrible pest years The Piejident and the entire bureau of the Italian Chamber of Deputies havo resigned owing to tho outrage on the Presi dent by the Extreme Left, members of which threw pellets of paper at him. Pellets of paper would never have shifted George Reid and his colleagues. Throwing bricks at George wouldn't have caused him to resign, though it might have had the effect of caus ing hini to keep awake. A representative homicidal lnnatic went for a walk the- other day in a Sydney suburb, and seeing a young .girl on a verandah, promptly saluted her with the business end of a meat axe. He explained to the arresting constable that ho 'was bound to kill someone.' But tho truly amazing part of tho business is tbat tho intelligent magistrate let the madman out on bail ! Pass the liakeshop. Tho request made by a deputation which waited on the Government recently, that the Railway Commissioners should pay a standard rate for all coal required, iBa reasonable one. -We ilon't want our State railways to enter into couiracts that might causo cut-throat competition amongst the collieries of the world. Competition may be the life of trade, but we've got our Aus tralian workman to look alter. A.V0THER VIEW. Cynthia, Cynthia ! Tve been thinking, Now ' Our Boys ' have gone away, That the poor despised civilian, With tho gills will have a say. Reubon, Reubon ! I've been thinking, That 'Our Boys' hud best beware Of the many thousand widows Of the Bosrs, over there. — ' Figaro.' The Pnb'ic Service Biavrl received a nasty knock on its official nose the other day, when Mr. T. Kearney, on behalf of the Government Printing Office, presented Mr. Copcland with an address of congratulation explaining at the same lime that the presen tation was more particularly intended to mark an appreciation of Mr. Copeland's suc cessful efforts to protect the employees from injustice at tho hands of tho Public Service Board. Nevo fiddled while Rome was burn ing. A few weeks ago, while tho plague was being hatched in a large corner of Sydnev, amid rilth which no other civilised city would tolerate, Getting, chief Barnacle of tho Health Department, filled up his time in pro secuting milk vendors for adding preser vatives, and got one publican fined for adding too much water to whisky. To. make up for ilia past. Getting noiv lias to work— uot fiddle. * * # The cynical Critic is now waiting for the reaction which must follow the patriotic wave. The Soudan Contingent evoked patriotism, yet Duller died broken hearted throo years after, because his groat rautms derided when It wai not execrated. Look at the treatment awarded Bright and Cobdtn during the Crimean War, and after. BeacDnsficld was lionised and Gladstone cursed during the Jingo boom ; yet in two years positions were reversed. ? ? ? Speaking at a cyclist's shivoo recently, a member of the Government stated that if the architect for the proposed North Shore bridge sent in plans which made no provision for a special track for cyclists they wonld at once be sent back to him. What about n separate; track for the nurso girl's perambulator, and another one for Potts' Pointers' carriages, that they might be separated from the common hord ? Tbis is going to bo a fine country for cyclists in the near future. s ? ? ? The Hon. T. Brassoy suggests Iho establishment, of a Pan -Anglican Parlia ment, in which all parts of. tho Empire will be represented : — ? Why certainly, Tom Brtt«ey, As exceicnt idet, And nil the politicians Will bejr,_vout«t it here! Wt wont a Jot more Parliament!, We do, so help me bob! And loin and lote of i a'rio's Are looking for a job! —Orange 'Le«dcr.' Tho witnrES who turned np in the Bankruptcy Court and first offered the testi mony of a largo slab of bubonic germ, was a bit of a wag. The horrified Registrar's hair bustled on his bald scalp, and it was at once decided that the witness's evidence was ultra vires, and against all natural justice'; also that it. was opposed* to the law of nations, and calculated to provoke many breaches of the peace. So they propelled him outside the court, where he squatted on a form, chewed his quiil of tobacco, and thoroughly o.ijoyed tho fun. ? * ?' New Zealnnd ' Freer Lance ' says : 'Ths Xew South Walos troops for the fSoiulan left Sydney on March 3rd, 1SS5, and returned in Soptembor follou- ing.' Wrong. They arrived in Sydney in June. And how it did rain the day they lauded — eight inches in 24 hours. Writer and two other pals broke from their boarding school to see the fun. All three contracted heavy colds in conscqncnce, but whereas in two cases it developed into consumption and carried them oil' inside a year, the Critic is still alive and hearty, thank you. ? * « Fogan tbe Hon., went up to Kinndva the other day, end the 'D.T.'s 'descriptive fiend dodders around mid tho shuddering public to this tune : — Mr. Fegax at Kiakdxa. starting a new dbkd0e. the emi-ire and fkeedoji. doon we shall havo it like this :— SIR. O'SCUJVAN AT OOZLKGOOCLE FLAT ! TIIE TOWN POUND CONDEMNED ! WILD OrJTEDEST OF LOTALTr ! HER MAJESTY INVITED TO ATTEND ! GEADBENGAI^Lr-N' JARGOOSLING. At -ho Water Police Court on Tuesday the presiding magistrate had de cided to convict in a bad language case, pre ferred against an offender by a privats person, when a detective came forward and said the proprietor of a King-street hotel had told him the accused was a perfect pest. ' Then why didn't you arrest me ! ' queried the man of lurid tongue. '* I never heard you' was the response. ' Why, you aro always, there putting donp long beers,' oame tbe prompt retort, ' but, 1 suppose,' he added, 'you found it more agreeable spooning the barmaid.1' In iho Guildford scandal case last week a witness thus gave her idea of a good husband :— To Mr. Shand : Before Miss Atkin came, her husband was good towards her, with tbe exception that he was mean. He used to scrub the floors for her, and sometimes do the household washing. Ho used to get his own breakfast, and some times bring her hers. Sho lived happily with him till Miss Atkin came, and he paid so much attention to her. Tho next thing with regard to Miss Atkin and her husband that attracted her attention, was Iiis pulling off her stockings on the kitcbcii couch. TUR LATEST — AND BEST. He's an absent-minded beggar, and ho heard his country's call, And, in fact, he seemed to grab the chanco of clearing ; And he left his wife and kiddios, half-a-dozen kids in all, And ho marched away while all the crowd was cheering. He didn't leave an order for his wife to draw_ his pay, And perhaps he hopes his kids will never lind him ; Ho simply joined a regiment, and he gaily marched away, And he left liis wife and kiddies all behind him ! — ' Orange Leader.' The death of .Toubert and the suc cession of Botha will 'make little difference, for Count de Villobois Marcuil is really the brain of- tho Boer Army, and recently re ceiveil the thanks of the Transvaal Govern ment in its oflicial jiaj;nr for the victory at Colenso. The Count, who was chief of General Toubcrt's staff, served in tho French Army through the Franco-German war, rising to the command of a regiment in the Foreign Legion, and serving afterwards in Tunis, Tonquiu, and tho Western Soudan. Two years ago bo threw up hie commission because was not promoted to the rank of a general, but Leyds procured him the rank of lieutenant-general in the Boer Arnij-. I dreamt I saw a library With one tremendous book, 'Twos twelve feet long and six feet wide .And high as Captain Cook. It took four men to lift a page, And then no weakly ones ; The volume n-oighed, so I was told, About eleven tons. ' What is tbe book »' I askod the man . Who seemed to run the show. ' You are from Sydney,' said the man ; I guessed it must bo so ! ' This is the largest book on earth, ' Or in the place below ; It is a list of all the things row- Board oj Health don't ivow !' ' ' — 'Orange Loader.' It wnnld appear as if the Transvaal war and Australian. Federation wore parts of tho same plot. An English M. P. lately dec'ared that ' He looked forward to the time when tho great Dominions of Canada, Aui tralia, and South Africa /should be repre sented, not only as now, . on ths Judicial \ Committee of the Privy Council, and by the ' chance admission of individual Colonial Premiers- to its ranks, but when, both as ; members of the Council of Imperial Defence .: and as life Peers, and as members of the Imperial Parliament, the colonies, who have now grown to man's estate, should be ad mitted to partnership in the Empire, and share to the full in its council? as they have done now in its defence in the field.' To weld South Africa by war and Australia by trickery are necessary preliminaries to Im perialism. Tlio daily press are playing the plague for all it is worLh, and tiie 50 or 60 cases in eight weeks have brought forth page after page of matter that contains no suggestions for coping with the complaint, End blames no one for the filthy state of parts of the city. Yet, when, some 10 years ago, there were as many as 3000 cases of diphtheria at the one time, an occasional paragraph was considered quite adequate to the circurasuni-e. 