THE LOST "SHEPHERD. By, W. W. A great proportion of moy readers will, no doubt, eo no familiar with every phase of Australian lifo that any at tempt upon my part to make them ac qualnted with the duties and manner of existence of a Victorian shepherd Is quite needless ; but there may be a few who itave never seen the broad, rolling plalns of our Australia, or the woolly backo of a large flock moving In search of feed under thle scattered trees of a park- like forest. It Is an interesting sight, when the feed is good, mid the countless shleep do not look starved, as they do, poor things, In those terrible dry years, when every blade of grass is burnt up by a fiery sun, and there Is not a drop of water for wide miles. 'Thet tile shepherd's lot is at hard oneo; to wall as qnlckly ts the poor anumnls do who are eagerly pushing on to soatch a stray dry blade here, and another there, and in vain ilolpe, no doubt, of seeing some clenr water-pool, for whichl the weary animuals are longing, is no 0osy tasook. Eveu the poor, faithfult dog is worn out, rounding in tile flock with a hoarse btrht, for lis tongue is dry toaed hot; lie is gnlid, when a moment's rest Is permitted him, to fall down under tite shade of it boush atd Iutnt In peace for a second or two, out of the fearful sun-rays that pour down with killing Intensity. Iut there are lmany pleasant sumt mers wshen tile shepherd's life must be in easy one. loch grass growing thiclly und er the ohady trees preventa the flock fromn wishing to wander far tiler than the near creek, where deep watetrholes reflect theo braches that droop over tlem ; and then the shep herd can stretch himself under it bush and sleep, or read, or smoke, is his tastes may Incline him, until tile sun warns hitt that he has barely time to drive the flock home to the yard, near his hut, before dark. To the married shepherd, whose "lut. keeper" Is his own wife, and whlo can look forward to seeing the little band of children running out to meet him, and the favorite dog, as they return, the hour of evening must fully repay him for all the tedious loneliness of tile The bark " hut" in the midst of the still bush, perhaps miles from tny other honle, IS very often a pleasant sight; you come upon a foot-track, It may be worn by the children's pattering feet tru"dglng to and fro from the neoreso i Common School, and if you follo\v it for alles through wattle bushes, tall and droopuig peppermint trees, or stout and gnunt 0eu0lypti, you will comle upon a rude home, so suitled in aillPearanee to its surrounding loneliness and bush that you cannot help admir ing its loolity : althloughi one might find It long residence there like ban Ishueunt from the outer world. The Rock Hut on thle station of Voliran was situated at the foot of a hilllcovered with granite boulders, from llatence its namlne. A creek, with the usual deviousness of Australian creeks, twisted and turned almost round upon itself over the near " flat"; and green ness, suchl as only an Australian has ever seuen, enveloped the but upon every side. Itswas apnparent that the Rock Hut owas under tile nfluence of woman, for barn door fowl were pocking about the door, and goats, with young, frisking bids -were resting In its shadow ; while nlow and tlen a pretty young woman might be seen bustling in and out as she attended to hler household dutleb. It was still early in tile forenoon of a lovely summer day, when along the faint track, worn through the grass by th lleart which brought " rations " from the honoe station to the Rock HIIt, a aln- on hlorebaek made his appear ance ; and as he slowly rides toward tihe hut, I will try and describe him to you. - Harper Castles was aa stockrlder on tlhe stattlo of Walran, and he was a sotil-looking young.man, of not moro lothne twenty-tive years at most. His fair lutal was curly and glossy, his brown wllltuk?rs and moustaehe care fully tended, and there was almost a wonmanly plrettiness in his slmall, dellc sate features, aond it the softness of his bllue eyes. H hatd a gentlemanly air, too, fond paid aloil the attention to his dress that ,outh and Io sense of his own good looks were sure to generate. His rid ing-boots were carefully polished, and of the best material and fit; his gay, Critcean shirt, shown to advantage, as beo wore neither coat nor vest, was the finest that money could purchase ; and the Panama hat that partially covered his glossy hair was the very fluenst made. The horse he rode was his own, and a great favorite. It was t half-blood, bright bay, and InFrper was proud of its boasted speed and of the slender, hinilng limbs that were so well adapt ed to sudden rouundings after the cattle in the wild bush. As tfle jaunty stockrlder pulled tup at the Rock Hut, a very pretty and youth ful woman came to the door. She was only about eighteen years old, and many were tihe wonders of the people on the station however so gentle and pltperior ta woman had come to be the ivlfe of oan elderly, crabbed maln like ourly Jerry Iound. Tile shepherd was a widower, with a son of'some fifteen years, who lived with him 0at the ocok Hut ; and, how ever It ihappened, true enough it wasi that pretty Ellen was the wife of Jerry, tud had only been married to blul a short time when they came to 3Vairau, " Good-morning, MIrs. Round ; I am really glad to see you once more going about. How is the baby 1" "Oh, he's all right, Mir, Castles, thank you. Ieo's asleep just now, and thriv uog finely," replied the shepherd's wife, wivth a blush. " Where are you going to-day 't" " i'm going to the township, Mttrs. Hound, and as it was only about a mile out of aSy way, I colme to see If I could brinig Vyou anythlig from the store. I earld Jerr'.V aylig the other day thllit you wonled sonlo little thing in the drapery line." " It is very kind of you, Mtr. Castles. I do often wish we were a little nearer the township : but nine miles and hack is (qult too much for me to wallk, more espeelally now that bally's here. It was something to 1make a pair of trousers for '1o1lll ttthat we wanted, land you would re ia better Judge tlhan me as to a good stout wearing piece," " What sort of trouseritg, Mros. Round -Is it woollen ? or what ?" "Uplon mly word I scarcely know. I wish you could see Jerry himself, and Iask hint." " Where is he to-day 1" "Ile took the flock doown to Green Fllt tits morning; he. hasn't., been round that way fo .a good whllenow, and1 the creek Is Ilandy.'! "Alt, you see tlhat's e otirly 'out of nly way ; but couldn't' you "give me sonmie idea yourself ? Airen'thi tronoers to he for every day, or Sundays 1" "O Ot I n sort of- better, pairi, Mr. Castles." . "WVell, thilen, I'll 1kba .goess;. Mrs. Rlountd, lnd- if it don't sult,-,why I'll get yot?to mttke It jumper out of It for tmy self: and now goodl byi.to'you." " Good-bye,' Mr. Castles." nHarlper rode off' llltean.arrow, from a bow, but he sighed heavily as .ino rode; and as Mrs.oRound looked after him until he disappeared la the distant bush, she sighed, mon strange to say, too'. -But she soon ' turned to .look fondly on the sleeping infant In thie eradle, tcnd in watching tile soft, peachy cheeks, and ,rounded llitbt' with all a tmother's tadmiration, l steo' soon fotgot tile caulseof lieo:slgh,;?lf'sh lhitd' ever timle to antllyse It. i It was "not very iatte il the afternoon wvhelr Harper came scouring, with the speed of a steeplechase, over tile grass, alnd t'o'llt, who had returned from 'the schllol lie had een attending for some lontllhs, hostened-out to the'door to see tile material in whlichl htens' so much interested. " other, here's: Mir. Onstles.:,'-Did youl lbrilg the stiff, Mr. Castles '" " I did, liy Iby," replied Harper, who looked heated tnd hurried. and as Mrs Itoulnd c e to his side ite handed her the parcel. " I ana't lilt' till Vlyolu examitne it, 1trs,. lound, for I'n rather, late, and I have to ride is some horses tol tbe home station : but if it does not please Jerry, Just tnake It intfd- jumper for me, will you, like a kind creatureS?"' "All right, sir. But I doni't think Nelly ought to do nmuch more to-day ; site's terribly warm." " Yes," repliled Harper, patting his mare's neck, "she Is warm ; It hbe Ibeen a very hot day, and I feel It my self. Will you' give me a drink of cold tell. I' you have it ?" - Mrs. IRotnd broughtt himn the tea; and then tile stockrider bride her good afternootl, tand rode away. - About two miles from thie Iock IInt, lt the crossing of'a creek, wasn' road sihd Inlt, and tleI Fretty'barmald of the said tin i was considereod to"be what is colonillly 'termted :" shook" -after the good-looking `young "' stockrlder. tWhether or not Harper returned' her ad Ilirattonl, which was pretty evident, Sarah herself hadt not yet found outt; buit a smile front Harper, and an In sinuating compliment, spoken in it low voice, made the poor girl happy for a week.after.. On the afternoon In question, Harper took the ".Oreek Hotel" on his way, and its 1e did not dismount, Sarah-was soon out to pally attention to his wants. "How' warm you look, Harper, and how tired I Are you going to have anything ?". . "Yes ; bring me some brandy and water, like a dear girl. It has been an awful hot day, and I've been at the Blck township." " Won't you get down ?" " No, Sarah, I'm in a hurry ;so, do be quick, like a dear." Sarah soon returned' wlit the re quilred refreshtment, and as Harper drank.l. she remarked that his hand, as he lifted It, trembled like ta leaf. ",You look as pale as a ghost," she said, as she-received the glass from his hatnd, nd- sllipped It Into the mouth of the water-jug she carried In her hand. " 'ie sutn has been dreadful to-day," said the youtng rider, bending over his saddle as if. to examine his right spur. "Such weather Is enough to kill the strongest man In the world." What was It hIe saw that sent tile blood mounting ltp to his temples, and enttsed him to bury his spurs so deeply Into Nelly's sides that she almost reared, and turned round until she had placed her opposite side to Sarah ? " What's the matter with Nelly, Har per ' I never saw her play up like that." "Slhe's in Ii hurry to go, Sarah, that's ili. I say, have you got a handker chief in your pocket ? I've lost mine. and my head is like to split ; I'm afraid I've got a touch of a sunstroke." Sarah drew from her pocket her white handlkerchief, and with a commiserat tug look handed it to Harper. HIe took It, and spread it out on his knee with trentllllln fingers. Sarah's name was malrked nl one corner, and he read it "'r Salalh Elves,' a pretty, sweet name -far lprettler than Sarah Castles. Sarah, do yuT love sme ?" he asked, sud denly lifting Ills head, and looking down into tile affectionate eyes of the pretty girl. "ito is not a fair time to ask such a questilon, IIarper," she replied, blush sg w'ith happiness. " Well, I shiall ask it tot it more favor able one, dear girl. MIeanwhile, you do not say no 5" " I do not say no, larper." "tll'nnk syot, darling. And now, Illay I keelt this handkerchief to remind yout of this 1" "You may." ITarper crumpled tp the handkerchief In his lhand, and pressed It to his lips; then he took the jug from Sarah, and, dipping the cambric In the water, he took off his hat,. and began wiping his fIle and forehead. " I sin sorry you don't feel well, dear IIrper. But hear, there's .Mrs. Sims calling lee." "I will wait for you, Sarah ; and luring me.another glass when you come back." At Harper's saddle-bow, in a pocket prepatred for the purpose, rested the head of a bright tomahawk, an article which every bushman Is sure to find useful. It formed a balance, as It were, to the coiled stock whip, with its daintily- carved mmall handle, that hung on the right side of the saddle. No sooner did Sarah turn her back thian Harper drew this tomahawk from Its pocket, and commenced carefully rub nlug it with 1the barmaid's moistened handkerchief. He seemed very partico Ilr, Ilmt-tlle little.axe was returned to its place, and the cambric in his pocket when Sarah came back. !!Here is your drink, Harper ; are you better now 7" 1'.Yes,,Sarah, thank you.; anudnow. I must:be off.' . ~ When will you be going to the Rock Huot- 2..: ".The Iock. Hut I.. Let me. see, not to-morrow, forI'm going.to Swinton's, bilt the day. after I'll be In.that direc tion, I think. Whit can I do tot you?" Mrs. .Sims says, will.you be .good enoogh to ask Mirs. Round to keep eovery egg Sln can spare for, 1s ; every one of our fowls.,las knocked of laying I" "I'll not forget; and now,.good-bye, darling ; don't forget. me,:Sarah,' will .you ." Oh,no.l'?" . . "I'll be round In a day or two." "For the evening . "' Yes, for the.evening, If I can man age It.l" and away rode the young man, leaving Sarah lDives with a happier heart than site had ever known In her life before. It was rather a strange destination or fate to which Harper Castles consigned the pocket Ilandkerchief, wlth the "pretty sweet name" on it, and which Sarah Elves fancied lie considered such ia treasure. When he had reached a lonely spot in tile bush, on his way home, lie alighted fromn'.Nelly's back, and, gathering together a small heap of dry- bushes, he lighted a match and set fire to them. Then lie carefully spread tle square of soiled cambric on tile top, and watched until every scrap of it was ionsumed, when,-after scattering tile very ashes, with a portion of an un hurnt. branch, he remounted and rode home.. ! The following early morning saw Harlperonce more on horseback. He hadl, to nttend'a pound sale, at a dis tance of . twenty miles, his employer wishlingg to secure some horses that were expected to go very cheap; and It was late at iigiiht before he returned. SMr. Campbell, the proprietor of Wairan, hlimself met him in the stable yird. , "I have been longing for you all.day, Castles," he said; "the shep herd, Round, is missing ; and there is not a mrau'on the station knows the run as well as you do." "'The shepherd, Rounld, sir, missing I" "Yes i his dog and flock returned without him last night, it seems ; and early this morning his boy, Tom, was over to tell us about.it The men have been" scouring about all day, but' they lbive been unsuccessful." "That's a bud job, Mr. Campbell ; I suipposoe I can do nothing to-night ?" " No, nothing' Why, it's'as dark as pitch, "lnd there is no moon. 1o, "we can only begin again In the morning." "What can it be; sir 7. Don't you thnlk 'he may have bolted, like Jack did 2" "Not likely, I think; Jerry has a young wife, and infant, too. No; it lnay be a fit or something, but God only knows." The next day was spent' In riding through the bush in every direction near the place where Jerry was sup posed to have taken his flock. Par ties of men on foot, too, looked through the undergrowth ; and in vain upon tile. dry grass, tried to find tracks of the missing man. Tiles passed several days, and al though the services of the distant po llce were sought and obtained, nothing could be discovered of Jerry, the shep Inerd of Walran. It wa1s a wceek before Harper ventured to visit the despliring Mrs. Round. If she had not either loved or esteemed the Ill-tempered man, whose name she had lacepted no as n resource from poverty aun temptation, he was at least the fatller of the baby who lay in Its crudio ; and the unknown manner of whalt she was sure was his death lay hIeavily-at her heart, and shrouded her In gloom. At length Harper dismounted at tile door of the now sad-looking Rock Hut. and fastening Nelly to the post, le did wllhat he had never done before-he en tered the hut, and advanced to the yollng woman, who eat leaning against tihe side of the ride clhimney, loolking at the baby that lay asleep in the cradle at her foot Shie rose at Harper's entrance, and sl lently took the hand le held out to her, whlle the expression of sympathy that tile very action conveyed was quite sufllelent to cause the tears to run down over her pale cheeks. "It is very bad, dear Mrs. Round but do not give way if you can help it. I should have come before, only I dlid not like to face you until it was useless for man to search more." "God reward you, Mr. Castles ! Whellrover It Is, now It Is all over I It is not," she cried, bursting into a fit of sobs, "it is not the loss, though it is bad enough for the fatherless child; but to think of Jerry lying dying, per haps for days, In the bush, and no help near him, or no one to hear his last sigh i" blow Iarper's heart bounded, even tlolglh Ihis face paled at her words I How he rejoiced to hear her acknow ledge that it was not for herself she missed him ! " Dear Ellen," lie said, calling her for tilhe first time by her Christian name, "poor Jerry cannot have died as you think, or we should lhave found tie body." " What way, then 'l-what way, M.r. Castles, or how n" " God knows. Perlhapls lie slippl'd into the 'Deep Waterhole' when get ting a drink: that seerms to be the general opinion." " But it lins been dragged." " The Deep Waterhole couldn't be dragged to the bottom, Mrs. Round. During the moct terrible drought Aus tralin Ihs ever known, tihe bottom of that hole has never been seen ; it Is stlulposed it goes down in a cleft of the reef that runs through It, for the water is always it little bracklsl.' Mrs. Round sighed as she tried to com pose herself, and rocked with her foot the cradle of the moving Infant. " What do you intend to do, Ellen ?" Inquired tie stockrlder, drawing his stool nearer her, and looking-tenderly into her pale face. "I came over on purpose to ask you, and to tell you that while Harper Castles has a strong pair of arms, neither you nor your dear In fant shall want home or subsistence." Ellen Bound could not reply ; she could only look her gratitude, through tears, Into the white face of her trembling visitor.' "Tom is all right," continued he; " Mr. Campbell says he can well take are of' thlle fock--Jerry's flock," he added. " But I do not think you can live: here now, Ellen, so lone, and In the bush," " Oh, yes ! If Tom stays with the flock 1 shall le all right," said the poor woman, trying to smile-" I can still be ' hutkeeper,' you know," SAnd so It was. Weeks mpassed into Mlouths,. and Tom Round carefully tended his father's flock, and his young stepmother shared his rations. Harper Castles was a constant friend, and many little presents-he brought to the hock Hut that comforted and assisted Its inmates. At length people began to whisper that Harper Castles was anxious to make Ellen l ound his wife, and that the uncertainty of her husband's death alone Prevented her from giving a glad consent. And the report was true, for IInrper. had confided his wish to Mr. Campbell, and sought his advice. Things were In this state, when one night, the Rtock Hlut being steeped in the still darkaiess of the Australian bush, Ellen Round roused up her step son, who slept on a stretcher at a right angle with her own bed. " Torn I Tom ! for God's sake, waken up r' • " What Is It, mother 5" cried the lad, starting up. - " Oh, look, Tom I your father is in the hut. Oh, my God in heaven above ! Look at-his face 1" " Mother, you are dreamingT'" cried the frightened boy, starting forward, snd shaking the horrified woman. "See, there is nothing; you are only dream ing." "Are you blind,; Tom 2" she' whis poered, with a shudder. " Look just in front of the door, near the stool- oh !' oh I" : And the frightened crea ture fell back upon'her bed-in a faint, Tom Round was olily a lad, but he was no coward. One glance' had con vinced himl that It was only fancy upon his mother's part'; for the logs, which are so plenty in Australian bush homes, and which theivet night had rendered acceptable in the chimney, were burn log brightly enough to illume the small hut, In which there was neither corner nor cupboard to form a hiding-place. So Tom rose, and lighted a; candle, and his stepmother soon recovered, to feel glad when the first gleam of day peeped be tween the slabs of the hut. This dream, or viaslon, or whatever it was, made a deep impression on Ellen Bound. As it happened, Harper did not make his appearance at the Rock Hut upon that day, and the pretty ner vous woman was sorry for it ; for she was doubly anxious to see and impart to him her convictions of the night. All day she went about like one un der the influence of a terror, even In the sunny light of a Victorian day ; and as the night came an, and Tom had yurded his flock, she was almost too terrllled to try and rest, so sure was she that Jerry had been foully mtur dered, and that he would visit her nightly until his body had been dis covered. And, sure enough, in the dead of the night, she once more aroused the terrl tied boy. He had taken care to have a good, blazing fire, but In the same spot near the door she still declared while the perspiration stood like dew upon her forehead, that her dead hus bind stood and waited. Ellen Round had remembered, among some of the old legends of her child hood, that a visitant from the world o spirits was not permitted to speak un til a mortal had first addressed it; so, with a courage inspired by terror and desperation, she spoke. "Jerry, in God's name, speak !" But there was no answer, only the pleading voice of Tom, assuring her tlat the vision existed only in her own imagination. " Can I not see, mother ? The hut's ta light as day, and there is not even a shadow between us and the door." But Ellen only shook her head, and sat up watching until she could no longer see the dreadful form of the dead shep herd. It was a glad sight to poor Ellen, as sihe stood, pale and weary from her fears and night watches, at the hut door, when the handsome figure of Har per Castles alighted from his horse, and calle to greet her. There was no re straint between them now, and a per feet understandlug, pretty Ellen thought-for she loved him as she had never known how to love before. "Did you miss me yesterday, Ellen love "" he asked, as he foldeo nor In his arms. "I could not come, for we were branding, anMdthe day seemed terribly long to me." "Oh. Harper, I did indeed miss you. I llad such a terrible thing to tell you. Oh. Harper, I've seen Jerry 1" The stockrlder staggered back as if he had received a blow from some un. seen hand, nud lie became whiter than Nelly's saddle-cloth, which, with its crillsosn bludlng, lie was so careful to keep clean. " Seen Jerry !" " Yes, as sure as I see you, Harper I tie came the night before last, and stood just where you-stand now, and looked at me with a. look that I can never forget." nlarper hastily mioved from the place where. ie stood, looking with terror be Ilud' hitn asnh6. did.so ;" but then, with i -strong effort, he recovered himself, and tried tonsmlte at Ellen's supersti tlon-:. " . . " Dear Ellen, you are so nervous and Imaginative, If'Jerry is really dead as .we have no doubt he Is-It is not possible that he should return in the body, whlll Is surely rotten by this time:'." As IIarperL tried to speak so con fidnotly, hlowever, he shuddered from lthead to foot. " I know all that you would say, dear Harper; but truth Is truth, and Jerry has cote to call for vengeance 1 It might have been a dream or Imagina tlon, if you will, the fitst night, but I saw hint again last niught, and spoke to him, and, as sure as there Is a heaven above us, Jerry has been murdered." " Murdered t" ' Harper gasped out that one word, anud leaned against the wall for sup port. " Mutrdered, Ellen 1" " Yes ; lie had no eyes, for n horrible cut in the middle of Ills face seemed to have croushed all tile bones lun ; and, oh, IHarper, although he had no eyes, I felt him looking at me, and he -seemed to look with blood1" Harper staggered back and fell into a seat, his white face and quivering fea tuies frightening the poor, loving Ellen so that she blamed herself for telling Harper at all. " Oh, don't be so horrified. dear Har per ! Perhaps It was only fancy, after all, and will .try and get over It. itouse up, like a dear fellow, and never tmiId my foolishness. "Are you sure, Ellen,". whispered he, lmaklng a terrible effort to get a rea sonable excuse for his emotion, "are you quite sure, it was not lie himself alive ?" ' Poor, dear fellow !" thought Mrs. Round, " ie Is afraid he will lose me;' and then she replied aloud, "I am quite slre, dear Harper-as sure as I am that he is really dead." 'I'he young stockman left soon after, and Ellen Round watched him Inxiously as he rode, more like a mad man than a sane being, through the dhn distance of the bush; and the sigh with which she returned to the cradle of her infant had as much in it of fear for hIls reckless riding as sorrow for the loss of his society, About, two hourso after, upon that very day, Nelly, the favorite mare of Ilarper Castles, galloped into the stable yilrd of Wairan homestead riderless. Such an unusual circumstance, of boirsee, created the greatest alarm, es peeucllly ti the mind of Mcr; Campbell, with whom Harper hadralways been a great favorite. Upon examination, one of the stirrup leathers was found to be broken, and to further doubts were entertained that the young man had met with some ac cident Parties were sent in search, and one who proceeded by the direct road to the rlock Hut found him extended, Insen dsble, beside a fallen tree, and Surah Elves, the pretty barmaid,weeping bit terly and helplessly beside him. Sarah had seen the well-known mare galloping wildly, and without master, last the hotel; and, rushing out to fol ow the track of the horse, she had been the first, to discover.the prostrate form of Harper. He was gently carried to the home stead, asid the best medical advice the listriet afforded was procured for him. it was found that he was suffering un ler severe concussion of the brain, and the doctor held out no hopes of his re covery. He died upon the evening of the following day; but, during a short period of consciousness before tile last struggle, he .Imparted to his horrified employer that he was the murderer of the lost shepherd. It Is needless to give the unfortunate young man's confession in his own broken and agonised words. It will !e better that I give you the substance of it simply, and state Its consequences. Upon that-to Harper Castles-fear tul morning when he parted from Ellen ilound with a commission to procure her some drapery from the township store, he rode away with the passion he baid long felt for the gentle Ellen, In creased almost to desperation by the sweet face and pure eyes that met his so trustingly ; and a hundred wild lians of taking her by violence, and ynlug with her to some spot where uo oe would recognlise them, boiled in his brain. " I know she would love me," he mut ered to himself, as Nelly flew over the grass of the bush. " I am certain that' :he would love me. She cannot love thant old wretch; it is impossible, and t Is sacrilege that she should belong to him i" Harper hated Jerry Round. He iated him for his .surly, unmannerly ways, which did not admit of his giving even i civil answer to a question or a re mark, even though It were the most simple and the most courteously ex iressed ; and he hated him a hundred times more because he was the husband of fair Ellen. With desperate thoughts working up n his brain like the foaming of is wild sea, Hlarper rode madly on In the direc ion of tie Back township, and, as if he hlnd of fate was in it, he came In vieow of Jerry's flock of sheep resting n the distance. The shepherd must have changed his mind respecting his intended route for ,i.. da,. v1 Ibtl vis one to o tu?emlsoem indleated by Mrs. Round, Harper's road would have been far from his noon-day camplng place, and probably no blood would have been shed under tile clear blue of that day's Australian sky. The feed was good, and the sheep lay resting In scattered, groups under the close wattles, or in the wide shade of the tall box trees; not far away glim mered the clear water of Walran Greek, and the whole scene looked as peaceful as if a sinful human thought had never desecrated its primeval purity. Harper Castlcs drew rein and paused, and then advanced slowly in the dlrec tlon of the Clock. He could not per ceive Jerry anywhere, but, from his knowledge of the crusty shepherd's habits, he felt assured that, his dinner wallet emptied, he had lain down in the shade of some bush, and was Indulg-1 lug himself in a sleep until the sheep should once mlore show some disposition to move. Even as he thought about it, softly advancing meanwhile on the vel vety grass where the fall of Nelly's hoofs made not a sound, he came sud denly upon the extended form of the sleeping shepherd. Jerry Iny In the shade of a cluster of gum bushes, and his sleep was heavy, for lie snored loudly. He rested on his back, with his clasped hands under the back of Ills head. The heart of Harper beat as If he would smother as he stopped before the sleeper and stared at him. One blow and Ellen was free I One moment of determnnation, and Lie was released I From whence proceeds all the wicked uess of humanity ? In what Wdden, horrible places are generated the hellish thoughts that creelp lute the heart of a mortal ere he becomes a murderer ? lHarper alighted from his horse with a face as pale as the sky that peeps be tween the dark clouds on it cold, winter day, when the wind utters meanings to the IIRtener, amtl e drew that bright tomahawk irturr ,rs saddle-bow with a Iand that trembled as the down on the rush does, Just ore the wind detaches It to float almlessly out on the coldly blow Ing breath of night. One thought of Ellen, however, aut le was strong ! The hand that cluthete the weapon grew into It with a grads as strong as desperatiou, and In anothet second he had burled it up to the very lnualo In the forehead of the sleeping alhephord ! One groan, and tall was silent ; quiver of the limbs, nud sall was still and then IInrper looked wildly around him like onett who awakes from a hter rlble nightmare i H lie cotuld not touch it ! Ohi, he could not touch it, even although tile avenoget of blood were behind him i but he hast ened to wiash tile little axe in the creek, land then lie cut down every one of the growing bushes under which tile dead unis lay, and caused them to fall in a heap over him, until not a glimpse could be seen of the terrible sight that followed him by day and night, until lie lay crushed and senseless by the fal lolln tree where poor loving Sarah Elves found him I And Harper was buried, and poor Sarall, who had been always looked upon as his sweetheart, kissed his lips as he lay in the coffin, with as much faith and trust in his worth as she had on the day when he .wiped the blood stains from his murderous tomahawvk whit the cambric handkerchief he begged from her; and, although the law made It necessary that Harper's confession should be divulged and his memory dishonored, she never believed that lie was criminal, persisting In say Ing that his own confession wis but tile ravings of delirium, Induced by Ills having 'come suddenly upon the body of tile missing shepherd. The body of Jerry was found in the place indicanted by Harper. It present ed a fearful spectnacle; fos, decomposed as time had rendered it, the terrible blow which had deprived him of exist ence might still be judged of, as the face still presented the appearance of tile fearful cut which.had smashed the bones and positively penetrated to the very brain. Illen Iound. In spite of her friends' entreatles, fled from Wairan as from destruction ; she could not breathe In the same air that reminded her of Ear per. Every object around her, anl mate or InanImate, recalled to her mem ory that she had been pressed to the hosoln, and klssed the lips, of the wretched being who had conslgned him. self to perdition for her sake. With a shudder she remembered that the soft, blue eyes, Into which she had looked for the love-light that had grown so preclous to her, had looked, without finchilug, upon the death agony of her imutrdered husband ; and the. thought had. well-nigh' driven her mad. if any persod should feel Inclined to try and account for the appearance of the dead shepherd tohls wife, let them dto so, for I shall not attempt It, know lug well that the attempt would be fu tile; only I can remark that many stranger things have already happened, which even the grasping Intellect of mann has tried to comprehend in vain. 