Trifling Thoughts on Christmas Times. (By 'BOONDI.') Christmas-tide is an institution ?which was established somewhat longer than I can remember, and in all probability it will be found flourishing when those . wiseacres who now prate of its decadence are fertilis ing the earth or enjoying the novel sensa tion of toeing cooked to a cinder in a crema torium. At first the one great sentiment which pervaded the Christmas season was naturally, of a purely religious .nature. The people were simple, their tastes 'were sim ple, and they were largely endowed with 'What we call ignorance, but which, I ima gine, contains the greatest amount of hap piness after all. In time, however, that 'tired feeling' came upon the ancients, ?wise men arose who could tell a hawk from a handsaw, and they spread advanced thought, notions which led to a demand that religion should be tempered with amusement — during the Christmastide at least. Apparently their ideas of amuse ment were simple also, being mainly con fined to prancing round, in foolheaded pro cessions oy day and indulging in a glorious gorge and guzzle by night; ,and right here 1 am reminded that something of the kind seems to find favor with even our own en lightened selves. Human nature, must have been pretty much the same then as it is now, however, for it is recorded that at the close of one great Jerusalem 'Jamberoo' a very wise, but very weary, elder lifted up his cracked voice and. said: .'Verily it dota seem passing strange unto . me. that I can cheerfully' carry a hc-wt. banner and shout 'Hooray !' for. half a day, ahd yet my soul groweth faint when I Have to shin out of bed and burst up inough wood to cook the morning meal !' » # » * Once the spirit of amusement joined hands with the spirit of religion to do honor to the Christmas season, it wasn't long before it put in a claim to 'run the whole show,' and I greatly fear that if anyone took the trouble to 'count heads' now, it would be found that our theatres are quite as crowded as our churches. This leads up to the question, Are the perform ances given in the theatres in keeping with the enlightened spirit of the age? That they are not in London seems certain, for an able critic asks, 'What is the average Christmas pantomime? Neither more nor less than a riotous and tedious exhibition of every sort of bad taste known to tn« theatrical world. Some charming legend cf our nursery days is chosen for immo lation, and what is called by courtesy 'a book' is raised from its ashes. The most appalling puns, the most slipshod English, the most slovenly verses, will be heartily welcomed in the course of its development. For music- we find a selection of popular ditties that have served the music halls and barrel- organs during the past year, strung together on the threads of a ravt commonplaces by the conductor. The bulk of the time -devoted to the pantomime is given to the music hall artists, who repre sent the. Prince, the Princess,, the impecu ious Mother, who in variably takes in wash ing, the wicked uncle,, who talks Cockney slang, and the rest. They give the audi ence as much patter or gag as it will stand, and the stuff is often very poor in quality and offensive in tone. * * * * 'Ths children do not want it; they happily do not understand it, but the manager be lieves that pantomime cannot live by the suffrages of children alone, and so he but ters his bread on both sides, and essays to catch the elders with a music hall en tertainment, and the youngsters with a fairy story. The good old style of panto, is dead — it was stamped to death by legs— ? and the show that has taken its place is precious poor stuff indeed. T3iis is to be deplored, too, for the amusements of too people constitute the greatest educational factors that can be found. Few parents wish their children to develop a taste for musical hall entertainments, therefore, it is urged we should refrain from calling the pantomime spade a Christmastide agri cultural implement, and not take Children to a music hall entertainment masquerad ing under another name, when we would not allow them to enter a music hall for five minutes.' So much for the Merry Christmas shows of Merry England. * * « * Some one asked why the London music halls were so crowded that the proprietors had to scratch the paint off the walls and remove the locks from the doors in order to make room for their patrons, while, on ths other hand, tip-top classical concerts, given free, failed to draw anything like a fair at tendance. 'Very truly,' the critic said, 'It is often remarked that when a thing is given to us we do not appreciate it as much as we do that thing for which we have to pay; this may account to some extent for the circumstance . you -mention. On the other hand, the majority of people do not care for those performances wiiich demand mental effort to enjoy them. This is an undoubted fact. You must remember that it requires a high grade ot education to en able us to find delight in things difficult to comprehend. In these days of high pres sure we do not care to worn hard, mentally, for our amusement. In the music hall we get that amusement easily. In time the progress of education will make it more easy for us to understand high-class music. I venture to say that many of those who attend these superior musical performances do so less from a love of music than from a feeling of duty to their social .position.' All of which is very true, and may account for the vigorous yawning which occurs at so many high-toned concerts here. * * *. * It has _ been smartly, perhaps somewhat truly, said, that the actor's art is the mere gratification of personal vanity. But, how soever this may be true, or how far it may cover the seemingly endless area enjoyed by the actor's profession, that expression of opinion can hardly be applied to supers. Of that there can be no possible probablo doubt whatever, for as a competent critic says; Supers are in the theatrical profes sion, but not of it. They- have no voice, neither on the stage nor in stage matters. The principals of a theatrical company to lerate them, but do not associate witn them. And yet the super is a great factor in the successful production of a play m which there is much' action, such as, for instance, in 'Macbeth,' 'Henry V.,' and in other Shakespearean and historic plays of famous authors. The success of a play in a large measure depends upon the mobility, the superior intelligence, the smartness of the supers appearing as mobs or armies in it. Big things take care of themselves; small things require watch ing. Actors proper are entrusted with the confidence of their managers;' supers, whose presence in- the piece suggests the. small things, are usually bullied into doing the small things properly.; And all for -a paltry half a crown a night. * . * * One who knows the 'supe' still more intimately — who has probably played 'chip-a-pemny' with him on an up-turned candle box in his thickly-populated dres sing room, or perhaps shared his frugal midnigM' meal of bread and saveloy and 'swanky' in the wash -jug— tells us that t'he stipe's needs are few, pertaining mostly to beef, on'ions, pipes, and beer, and if he has an ambition, it is to achieve a little more of the beef, onions, . pipes, and beer. He has not. risen to the point where he spells art with a capital A. He may not know the other letters. When the supe is a Roman .senator, he comes on in a Roman toga and a paper wreath, but his walk is a swagger, his shoulders and his jaws are trussed forward, and he glares at the first heavy and the leading juvenile as if he were looking for a fight. When the supe is a Ca'stilian grandee, or a Western fron tiersman, or a member of the Four Hun dred at -a ball, or a soldier, or a sailor, or a dummy chorus singer, or a 'Macbeth' ghost, or a Hottentot, he is just the same as when he is a Roman — same walk, same goggle, same yearning for fig'ht. His clothes are different, and sometimes a pair of ill-fitting whiskers are hung on his ears, but his personality is never concealed for a minute. You may deck, you may doll up the supe as you will, but the scent of the 'swanky' will, hang round him still. I further find that if the supe is expected to shout as well as to slouch round the stage, he considers he is getting 'sweated,' and by way of getting even with the bloated management he lets out his voice without the least heart shouting— 'Down with the hated tyrant !' 'Hear our 'brave defen- 1 dor !' 'Away with him to the Bastile !' 'His blood he on our heads !' in exactly the same tone as he would inquire of a pal, 'Got a p'ipe o' terbaccer on yer ?' 'Unless Mrs. Magoffin gives us chops ait least once a w.eek I'm going to change.' Yet there is something pathetic a, bout the supe — he is so ineffective, so misplaced, so sad. If ever a square peg got into a round hole in this game-board of life, he is the peg. The audacious paradox of putting a man on the stage who won't speak, can't act, isn't pretty, and hasn't 'gone on for keeps,' is worthy of that illogical, fanci ful world behind the curtain where things are always what they are not. Let us not be un just to the supe, either.' He whom we ha.ve been considering is only the usual supe— the supe of the provinces, of the cheap playhouse, of the multitudinous spec tacle and the roaring melodrama. But there are supes who are not usual, just as there are managers who have t'he art sense and the common sense to hire the kind that is different. ? » » ? A 'super' upon the stage is not the same as a s-.rper in real life. The term has been supposed to be derived from the well knowai line, 'The veteran lags superfluous on tho stage,' but only by persons unac quainted with theatrical affairs. The per son so designated is by no means super fluous, though' he is never (in Mr. Matthew Arnold's sense) distinguished. The prayer of the negro boy, when asked to lead the revival service, 'Make thy servant con spicuous,' is not even among Ms aspira tions. He doesn't expect it. His argument is, 'My genius may not be transcendent, but it is various. Without me where would be not only your processions, your assem blies, your bands of conspirators, your tri umphant soldiery, but the whole motive of a great dramatic performance ? Where would Mark Antony be without Ms mob of excited citizens ? The Third Citizen is the very last player to whom any individuality belongs, and even his name seldom appears in a play-bill, but it is we— the nameless ones— whose presence gives interest-to the scene. .If. Mark Antony should address only ?three citizens the audience would roar with laughter; it would remind them of a mock auction. The supe has his use, and it is high time he got a little more praise and less abuse.' ? * ? » Being shut off from all shows myself, I cannot conscientiously give an opinion oh the panto, pabulum provided for Sydney's theatregoers this year, but I presume it is of the usual gilt and glitter class. So far as staging pieces go, our managers arc right tip to, if not a li ttle beyond, their Lon don brethren, and apparently it would.be impossible, from a literary point of view, for the pieces themselves to be worse than those offered to the London public. In olden times we had a nursery story for the plot cf the Christmas piece, or some daring mortal would lay impious '.hands on the im mortals, and make Jupiter and Juno (the old-time King and ''Queen of Heaven) and a crowd of other gods and goddesses oarrj on in a style which, if played off in public, would render them liable to the customary '?iOs or 7 days.' It occurred to ms -occa- sionally that all this ' was not exactly 'comme fo,' and .the whirligig of Time might have some sort of vengeance in store to be reeled off when it was least cxpected or. desired. I remembered -that olden times thousands of men and women, quite as. intellectual as those of our time, men who studied with Socrates and Plato, and women who took .5 o'clock tea .(or its equivalent) witlh Sappho and her 'set' be lieved, in and revered those gods and god desses cuito as earnestly as we. do ours. And then I fell to wondering how matters would stand 2000 years hence, but the prob lem always proved to be too tough, or the weather was too worm, or someone, whis pered tho magic word 'Comeanavadrink,' and so the business was. -postponed sine die,' and is likely to remain in that unsatisfac tory state. 