LOCAL AND GENERAL. The Butteb Trade ? The purchases of butter made by the Manchester Co-operative Wholesale Society for tho past half-year do not Bhow very flatteiing results to Australia as a contributor, the colonies being practically at the bottom of the list. Of the total ourohaHes. amounting to £1,807,003. Denmark heads the ' list with half the total; while Australia is represented by £70,194. The following figures show the distribution of tho Society's trade :— Denmark, £904,G66 ; America, £245,138' Germany, £167,809; Sweden, £16G,708; France, £80,512 ; Holland, 71,257 ? Australia, £70,194 ; seven other countries £95,299 ; total £1,807,003. _ . . ... Nominations son Berry Council.— The following; candidates have been nominated for . lqo vuuuDciea in me joerry (jounoil : — Jbor alder men : Samuel Sproulo, former, Berry ; William Anderson, farmer, Jasper's Brush; William Smith, farmer, Bolong; Charles Edmund Boardman, storekeeper, Berry ; John William . Oockerill, blacksmith, Berry. For auditors: James English and Andrew Waddeli. ? Bushmen's Contingent ? There i'b a prospect of Burrier being well represented in the Bush men's Contingent, as Air Thomas Thomson is already in camp at Randwiok, while Messrs . Robert Biddulnh and John Barron have made .formal .pplioation (through the local member, Mr D. Davis) to join the contingent. It is ex ceedingly likely that all three will be aocepted, . as they are exactly tho stamp of men required. ?.„ PASTEunisiNa Pays.— .The directors of the Jbar Meadow Creamery purchased a pasteurising plant m April last, at a cost of £58 2s lid Since it got to work, an extra ^d per lb has. . been, obtained for the butter, and the amount so received has not only paid for the pasteuriser, but allowed no- less a sum th»n £115 7s Gd to be distributed amongst suppliers. Thus the total gain to Far Meadow by pasteurising is £171 lls 5d. * . . Patriotic Fund.— At a meeting of the local committeo held on Monday night, Mr T E Peak in the chair, it was resolved that the ™U''J '«?» v '?''» '' 'nuurea ro me treasurer of the fund m Sydney, and that the list be kept . oopen. Mr M. F. Morton, local treasurer, stated that the collections amounted to £55 7s. This with sums colleoted at Greenwell Point, Yalwsl and. other places, will bring the contributions from this distnot up to about £100. New Union OnuBcn: at Oambewabba. —At s committeo meeting hold in connection with tho above building st Cambewarrs on Saturday night, the following tenders ior the new church were opened :— Muller Brothers, £153; William ?Bryce, £149 78; Alex. Johnson, £154 10s ; D. Clark and H. M-Pherson, £145; ^Kenneth MJKanzie, £120. ItwaB unanimously deoided that Mr -M'Kenzie's tender should be accepted. Xbe_oontraot time is four months, so tho new The committeo Rratefully acknowledge the sub ??? stantial help afforded by Nowra residents, and bava great hopes of opening the building free of any incumbrance in the way of debt A™fc£ SF H«^'««-K AND PRAYER.-Tho ?.- fwajboth morniug aud ereuing. A Bow AT A Faotoby.— At the Nowra Polico Court yestorday, bofore Mr Nisbott, P.M., a case was heard in whioh John Murray ohargod John Williams with assaulting him at tho Jindiaudy Factory on 30th January: Dofen dant pleaded guilty undor provocation, but from tho evidonce givon it appeared that the only provocation givon was in plaintiff asking ' What about tho red brooohos ?' This Boomod to act nice a roo. rag to a nun, lor Williams, as bo bimBelf stated in evidonce, at once wont foi Murray, and gavo him one in the mouth, knocking him uudor a cart. Mr Nisbott said ho failed to eoo any provocation whatovor, and ordored delondant to pay a tine of 10s, court costs 8s 4d, and witnoasos' oxpensos, 7s fid. Saturday Night's Drunks.— At tho local Police Court on Monday, bofore the Polico Magistrate, Samuol Skiews. was fined 5s for being drunk and disorderly on' Saturday last. James Graham, better known qb ' Bricky,' was fined 10s or seven days for drunkenness, and for using obscouo language he was fined 40s or out) month in Wollongong Gaol MtTVTnTPAT. Ttlr.WnTTMW ? Tlia fnriv.nl alulinn of aldermen to iill tho vacanoios in tho Nowra Municipal Counoil took place yesterday at noon, when the Mayor doola'od Messrs Graham, King, Bice, and Houry duly elected as aldermen, and Messrs Watsh and Joynson as auditors. Tho proceedings, which were of a purely formal oharaoter, did not ocoupy more than five minutes. Early Closing.— The'.Quoonslaud Grazier says :— It is now unlawful to get your hair cut in Now South Wales aftor 7.30 p.m., oxcepting on Fridays or alternatively on Saturdays, whoa the function can be porformod up to 10 o'olock. If, howovor, you have entered tho harbor's shop, and, ofter waiting your turn, you dosido to got shaved as well, and the clock strikes 10 between the two operations, then you can't got shavsd until Monday morning. This is tho inference to be' drawn from^tho now Early Closing Act. The good chemist who dispenses tho maximum of water and tho minimum of drugs must ' stash it ' at 9 p.m., but if you feel unwell you can get medioine up to 10 on Saturday, As cigars and boer aro amongst the most urgent necessities of life, those who oblige tho public by dispensing theao things can do so until li every night. Oyster Bhops and eating houses can keep open until the witching hour of 12, but if any one dies then through eating lato suppers, they haven't tho ghost of a ohance to get a coffin until well into tho noxt day, as tho jovial undertaker has, by Act of Parliament, to put up his shutters at 11 prompt. This new Act ought to make the occupation of a police man very lively and interesting. People can direct a glass to the aperture between the nose and the ohin in tho dark, but the undertaker who essays to do overtime will havo to use a hammer with an indiarubber face on it. Magistrates —The Justices' Finos Act, passed last session, revolutionizes the mode of procodure.in the Polico Court as to the infliction of fines. It reduces considerably the defaults for non-payment of fines, tho'maximum being fixed at three months, and gives magistrates power to allow time for payment of fines in every case, or to direct payment in instalments, or to allow a defendant to go on his finding suroty for tho payment of a fine. It also makos provision for the release of a prisonor by his paying a proportion of the fine after having served part of tho default. It further makes hard labour disoretionary with tho justices and in other ways altors the procedure laid down in past Aots. Butter for THEaENGLi3ii Market.— The R.M.S. Orizaba left Sydney on Saturday with 7257 boxes of butter for London, 4697 boxes representing this colony's' product, the remain ing 2500 boxes being from Queensland. Tho Now South Wales shippers were headed by Foley Brothers with 1500 boxes, Fresh Food and Ice Company's export totalling 959, Creamery Buttor Company GoO, followed olosolyby tho Farmers' Co-operative with 500 and tha Berrima District Company with 380, while W. and A. M' Arthur 240, R. Hall and Son 200, H. Proscott and Co. 100, T. Clarke 108, T. Mitohell 40, and A. Kerr 20 make up a respectable quantity. The Shoamiaven Telegraph is the best advertising medium on the South Coast. . Lismobe Wesleyan Ohuroh.— The quarterly meeting of tho Wesleyan Churoh was bold in Lismore recently, thero boing a largo attend ance. The income more than mot the expendi ture, paying £20 beside for principal and in terest Tho Sunday school, congregation, and membership of the church had increased. Mr C. H. Staff, J.P., and Mr W. H. Gray, J P., wero re-elected circuit stewards. Mr Gray was elected representative to the oonference begin ning on February 27. Messrs D. Patterson and A. E, Francis were elected society stewards with tho re-elected ones for Lismore. The meeting passed a resolution regretting tne departure of mr it,!!, x'rancis, ana tnanking him heartily for past service as choirmaster and' Sunday sohool teacher. The minister (Rev. J. F. Orr) and this representative meeting of tho people work very cordially together, as evidenced in the meeting as well as throughout tho large oircuit. Authentic Medical Opinions Worth Knowing.— Dr. Osborno says: 'I use Sander and Sons' Eucalypti Extraot as a spray for nasal catarrh, low fever, asthma, etc, with great success. I find this preparation superior to all others.' Dr. Stahl : ' I have used various preparations of Eucalyptus, but I get better results from Sandor and Sons', as I found thoothors to bo almost usoless.' Dr. Hart: ' It goes without saying that Sander and Sons' JEuoalypti Extraot is the best in tho market.' In influenza, all fevers, throatand lung trouble, diphtheria, diarrhoaa, dysentery, kidney com plaints, rheumatism, wounds, sprains, ulcers, etc, it is invaluable. See that you get Sander and Sons', and reject spurious preparations which aro sometimes supplied by unscrupulous dealers. - Kline's Farewell Sale. —This has. been a gigantic success. The shop has been crowded every day since the start. All oustomors have expressed themselves very pleased with the bargains secured. On account of tho rush, many had to leave with only, half their require ments ; while, 'owing to the f aotory cheques not being to band, others were unable to attend. For these reasons, Kline has decided to continue to sell all drapery and olothing at sale prices for another week. There are still dozens of plum linos on offer. All millinery, suoh as flowers, feathers, &o.;, aro going at half marked prices ; while the fancy straw hats are only 3d, «d, and Is eaoh. Ladies' coloured silk gloves, Gd eaob, and some at throa for Is. Men's palm leaf sun hats and straw boaters at Is. Women's largo leaf sun buts, good quality, Gd, 9d, Is— dirt cheap. Hundreds of remnants, cheap. A rarv* ftneolal linn of hmuv .a!l«orArl nrnll nn«n« worth Is 2d per roll, in five patterns, to go at 8Jdper roll. Don't miss this splendid oppor unitp. J. Kline, Draper and Grooer, Juno tion-stroet, Nowra* Job printing on the shortest notice at tho Shoahiaven Telegraph office. The Bugle Sounds the Call to Arms and is always cberrfully responded to by the British soldier on aotivo service. Never onco las he failed his country in tho hour of need. It should, therefore, bo a great honour to be called the soldier's friend, a title whioh haB been well earned by Holloway's Pills and Ointment: In barrack', camp, or whilst' ou many a weary miroh in a hostile couutry, '.heso medicines have been the stay and oomfort of thousands of ' Our Lads in Red.' In' oases of dysentery, diarrbooa, faver and ague, they havo performed wondorful oures, and neyor in any disease, when a fair trial has been given, have they failed 'to afford relief. The Shoaluaven Telegbaph has a rop-' ation for job printing unsurpassed by any other office, south of Sydney. ? Charges' striotly moderate. ° J The Snow. —Tho anuual oxhibition of tho | Shoalhaven A. and H. Association will bo hold on Thursday aud Friday. Mv Looming, tho secretary, has beon busily engaged at his offico in Junotion-stroot taking entries and attending to tho many dotails of tbo show. On being soon by a ropresontativo of this journal yostord&y;, Mr Looming stated that ho beli«vod tho show would bo tho best oyor hold in Nowra. Tbo ontrios noro woll up to previous years, both as to number aod quality. Mr David Davis, M.P., will open tho shaw, and ho will bo accompaniod by soveral members of Parliament, including Mr J. U. Carroll (Tho Liohlau), Mr W. F. Hurloy (Macquario), Mr H. Chapman (Fitzroy), Mr W. W. Davis (Bourko), and othors. Special trains will bo run from Sydney and intermediate stations, and with fine weather apparently certain, thorq can bo no reason why tho last show of tho nineteenth century, so far as Nowra is ooncornod, should not rival any of its pre decessors. Kangaroo Valley Show. — Attention is directed to an advertisement in another column notifying that tho annual show of tho Kangaroo Valley Agricultural Society will bo held ou Thursday and Friday in noxt week. Kiama Cottage HosriTAL.— Tho following officers have been oloctod for tho curront yoar iu connection with the abovo institution : Patrons, Dr John Hay, Messrs Alox. Campbell, M.I3., James Marks, and G. W. Fullor; presidont, Rev. John Burgess, M.A. (re- olocted); vico proaidents, Messrs Joseph Woston aud Charles B. Minnott ; treasurer, Mr Alox.' Nioholson ; seoretary, Mr John Holbrook ; modical officers, Dr Caleb Terrey and Dr E. Boath. Palmistry.— Attention is directed to tho advortieoinont of Profossor St. Glair, tho ro nownod palmist, who will bo on tho showground on Thursday and Friday. The ' Gentleman Boots.' -At tho Kiama Polico Court on Monday, boforo Mr R. O. Kendall, J.P., tho coso of Gordon Gray, aliaa Thomas Gordon Dangar, for forgary and uttor ing, was allowed to stand ovor pendiug tbo pro duction of acoueod, who is confined in Wollon gong Gaol, to whence ho was ojnviotod at Nowra. The Gold Yield for January.— Tho usual ?monthly return of tho gold yield within tho colony, prepared by tho Department of Mines, shows that during last month the production was 42,172oz, or 3160oz in excess of tho yield for the corresponding period of 1899. An Australian Millionaire. — Sinco tho demise of the lato Mr Jamos Tyson, tho mantle of the richest paatoralist in Australia has fallen upon tho shoulders of tho Hon. Samuel M'Caughoy, one of ex- Premier Reid's last nominees to tbo Upper House, in New South Walea. The now oligaroh began Hfo, as did most of the wealthy Eiverina aud Murruin bidgoo squatters, at the bottom of tho laddor, and his figures now approximates to £1,500,000. An abstemious 10 hours a day worker, this owner of stations in three colonies is roapeoted by his men, and followed in any vonture by the smaller paetoralist fry, who think that ho can not go wrong. Tho largo circulation of the Shoaluaven TELEQRAPn, consequent on the reduced sub soription, renders it tho beBt advortieing medium 