CHRISTMAS THOUGHTS. [By Dean Fakuah.] When we think of God wo must do so alike in. His Trinity and in His Unity ; nor must we fall into the error of regarding Him exclusively under the separate aspect of a Single Person of the Undivided Godhead. Immutable, Immortal, Incomprehensible, Infinite, as God is Himself, He has revealed Himself to us men, and, for our salvation, in names of love and tenderness, as Father, Son, and Holy Spirit, one God. The Scriptures set forth God in His separate revela tions ; and when they add that ' God is Love,' ?we see, in sunlike majesty, the Total Oneness of His inmost essence and character. He, there fore, that would be saved must thus think of the Trinity : for it is thus that the Eternal has taught us to think of Him. We turn our thoughts first to God the Father, Who liatli made us and all the World. Think only what an infinitude of error is cor rected by the calm sublimity oHliat first verse of the Book of Genesis : ' In the beginning God created tho heaven and the earth.' Only con sider how, apart from this revelation, the world lay weltering in enormous complications of ignorance and darkness ! But all the errors, with their concomitant hor rors of human sacrifice and consecrated lust ; all .the wretched fancies of the nations ; Polytheism with its gods many ; Pantheism with its imper sonal god ; Atheism with its no God ; Ditheism with its two contending gods ; Epicureanism with its indolent, solfish, faineant gods, are swept away for ever by the decisive majestic, utterance, as of thunder and of music combined, ' In tho beginning God created the heaven and the earth.' Nor did the revelation end there. On the contrary, to God's chosen people it was again and again revealed that, though this God hated sin, and requires obedience to the eternal laws which he delivered to us, not for His sake but for our own, yet that He is very nigh to us, even in our hearts ; a besetting God ; a God from whom the curtains of the midnight cannot conceal us ; a God whose presence we cannot escape, even.if'we could take the wings of the morning and fly to tho uttermost parts of the sea,; yet that He is not cruel and wrathful, hut the God, the Lord God merciful and gracious, slow to anger, and of great kindness, forgiving transgression, iniquity, and sin. The one God revealed Himself as a loving Father ; a God Who so tenderly loves the sheep of His pasture and the creaturcs of His Hands ths.t, though the mother may fprget her sucking child and not have compassipn on the son of her womb, ;He will neither leave us nor forsake us. And this revelation, so supreme and so blessed, was supplemented by another : 'In the beginning was the Word, and the Word became flesh.' Our iniquities tend to hide God from us, and then to make us go astray after strange gods. Were it not for the advent of a Bcdeemer our whole race would have sunk to the condition of having no hope, and being without God in the world. But, lest we should altogether forgot God, lest we should merely tremble in abject terror before Him, when the fulness of tho time was come, God sent forth His Son, to empty Himself of His glory and go down to the lowest step of the unspeakable descent. God became man ; human language can utter no truth more precious than this, nor more stupendous.' God might seem distant, but God in Christ could not. 'We had fallen ; and He redeemed us. We had sinned, and He forgave us. The Very God ! Think, Abib ! ennst thou think ! 1 So tho All great were the All loving too ; So, through the thunder, comes a human voice, Saying : '0 heart I made, a Heart beats here ; Face My Hands fashioned, see it- in Myself : Thou hast no strength, nor may'st conceive of Mine ; But love I gave tliee, with Myself jto love. ' And thou must love Me, Who have died for thee.' We were lost ; and He found us. We were prodigals ; and He welcomed us. We wero lepers; and Ho cleansed us. We were dead; and He raised us. We wore ruined : and he restored our souls. We shall not merely sink at death into some tremendous sea of darkness or be consumed in some dazzling blaze of majesty ; but a Face. like our own face shall reecive us ; Hands like our own hands (ling opoij tons the gates of everlasting life. Think .of it ! God became human that mail might become divine. God (lied that maii might live. Oh, it is easy to sty'' this ; but how difficult for the frail and ed human mind ,10 grasp the truth ! Let Vustrate it in the words of a man of genius, Vi the greatest scientific benefactors of this intury. 'When I was a little boy at school,' this great physician, 'I saw a sight I never 5»rget — a man tied to a cart, and dragged ; v the people's eyes through the streets of ';.--xtive town, his back torn and bleeding from |ish. It was a shameful punishment. For offences ? No, for one offence. Did any lie townsmen offer to divide the lashes with / ? ' No ! Ho who committed the offence h the penalty alone. It was the penalty of a ?f igifig human law, for it was the last instance (ts infliction.' t';'I saw— it matters not when— myself, a sinner, 'tiding on. the brink of ruin, deserving naught ♦ t hell. For one sin ? No, for many, many \- las, committed against the unchanging laws of ' rod. But again I looked, and saw Jesus my ' ledcemer scourged in my stead, and dying on the ?.ross for'me. I looked, and cried, and was for dven.' And so we exclaim once more, in the 'hoble words of llichard Hooker: 'Yes! let it '?le'counted foil}', or frenzy, or fury, or whatso Bhvor', it i3 our wisdom and our comfort. We Rare for no knowledge in the world but this : that VTod has made Himself the siu! of men, and that men are made the righteousness of God.' One mighty revelation— tlieae is one God ; a second mightier revelation — God came down to us in the likeness of sinful men. Was a third even con. - ceivable ? Un there be anything nearer in the presence of God even than this ? Yes, thanks to His mercy ! But for Christ's gift of the Holy Ghost, the Comforter, men would soon have besrun Jil to look dn the life and death of the Lord Jesus/ as a far off event-, a dim and distant picture of which the vivid hues had faded; something 1 $ merely historical ; something which had ceased ' to affect the heart or touch the life, because it happened so far, far away, and so long, long ago ; far off in that new lorn and miserable oyrian village, and long since in the dark back- ? ward, and abysm of two thousand years ago. Besides which, it would have been too immense a boon and prerogative to one generation only if they had possessed the exclusive and infinite privilege of being with Jesus, of hearing and seeing, and their hands handling the Word of Life. But God'is no resptfetor of persons. The gift of the living Christ was not intended only for the publican. at Capernaum and the harlot of Magdala, the Pharisee at Jerusalem, and the fishermen of Bcthsaida. God in Christ gave to all men, _ for all times thcriceforth, if they would receive it, a still deeper and more inestimable boon, which made it even expedient for them that Jesus Christ should go away — even the indwelling, abiding presence'of tho Holy Ghost, J the Comforter. Ihat life of Christ on earth was a physical Presence : this indwelling of the Spirit in our hearts is a spiritual presence. That was external contact, this is inward union ; that was for a time, this is for ever ; that was God ' with us, this is God within us. In that He gave His own Son to die for us, in this He gives the last best gift, the- gift of His very Self, as part ' of our spiritual being, to abide with us for ever and ever and for evermore. Ye3 ! one unquestioned truth we read. All doubt beyond, all fear above.; Nor crackling pile, nor cursing creed, Can burn or blot it — God is love ! 