PEBSONAL NOTES FROM LONDON. '(Tram our Soerial GbrnnnndeiiLl LOXXON Seotcmber 7. That talented sad enterprising young South Australian art**, Mr. R. Hayley Le ver, is already meeLjg with recognition at til* hands nf tint L.~vra m ihn mn» aafcio. factory of forms— toe purchase of hb pic tares. The one rntitled 'A Study of a Stationer' in the Valnxratii Exhibition, -to which reference vas) made in a former let ter, has been snapped up by an admirer at a satisfactory price, anil tiro others have been sold privately. Tfa only pictures yet dupoiteu of at the Ealmouth show are that referred to and one by Mr. Stanhope Forbes, AJLA. Ifr. J. M. Sinclair, Manager of the Vic torhn Produce Deportment here, bos re turned from America, wfcere, in company .with Sir. J. II. MathietOD, he ha» been exa mining into the methods of handling wheat for shipment resorted to in the States and in Canada. The Commissioners -have col lected a. vast amount of informUtion, which will be embodied in a report to supplement previous report* on the subject by Mr. Sinclair. Mr. Mathicson is also in London. Mrs. E. W. Nicholb has during the past week or two been having a quiet time, part of it being spent at Wallington and part with relatives at Sam Common. In the coarse of u few days, how ever, she ;rill resume her pkttformand official duties, appearing in tbi first place at Bris tol, where ahe is to address several meet ings, and afterwards at Manchester, where she is to represent the Australian Branch of the W.C.T.V. at the Autumn Conference of the United Kingdom Band of Hope Union. These engagements will keep h«r fully em ployed nntd dose upon the end of the month. Mm. Nicholls informs me that she greatly enjoyed her visit to Cornwall and «o Plymouth. At Penzance she stayed for two days with a sister of Mrs. J. Brown and of Dr. Torr, and kiter on met Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Pipe-*, from Yunnan Fa. China, who purpose leaving for Adelaide by the Aus tral on September 29. While in Cornwall fine also had the privilege of giving a Sun day night address in the Wesieyan Church in which Mr. Nicholls worshipped when a boy. Captain F. and Mrs. Basse start for Brus sels to-morrow, and in the coarse of a. few days will go on to Germany in order to be present at the military manoeuvres shortly to tike place there. As Mrs. Basse's health is still xery delicate they may have to re rwit England in order that she may con sult her medical adrirtryand in any case will see the Paris Exhibition before going on to Marseilles to join the Messageries llaritimes steamer Auatralien, in which they ore to make their way back to South Trooper Sydney MaeFarlane took a run over to Paris with an Adelaide friend on Friday last, and returned on Tuesday after devoting every minute at his disposal to the Exposition and to sightseeing in the French metropolis. His furlough has been extend ed for a. fortnight, but he hopes to start back to South Africa on the 20th inst. Meanwhile whatever time he can spore from the hospitalities which, ore being I&risfafal; upon him and hk comrade by wealthy Londoners— who evidently regard it a great privilege to be able to show at tention to rach invalided men of the Aus tralian contingents as are on the high road to convalescence— is being devoted to ex cunaoa* in the rural districts of England. Trooper* F. C. Pftram and F. C. Cbnrish. of Adelaide, were among the thirty or forty members of Australian and Guudian Con tingents who at the instance of Captain ?burton, a contain of the present Lord Mpwbray, and himself an unsuccessful ap pUunt--onsucCEitffal on the ground of age —tor service in South Africa, paid a visit to Windsor on Tuesday last. They report that a magnificent reception nn accorded to the party by the people of the Royil borough and by the officials of the Castle ITuhx the direction of Mr. Leonard Coil mann, of the Lord Chamberlain's depart ment, it wu shown over the royal resi dence, and even admitted to apartments ?which are seldom or sever seen by the public Subsequently it was entertained at luncheon by the Mayor, and driven over Her Majesty's farm and dairy at Frog roore. The popular uithusiasm exhibited ?was unbounded, and at tunes almost em barrassing. The prevailing impression teemed to be that the colonials were capable of imbibing unlimited (jinntitKs of liquid refreshment On their arrival at Windsor their healths were drunk at the call of sferseant-Major Widgery, the re sponse king entrusted to Trooper Masted, ot the New South Wales Mounted Bines, and before their departure souvenirs ami keepsakes of various j»rt» were literally forced upon them. It should be added that by the courtesy of Sir K. Walter, founder and commander of the Corps of Commissionaires, the inva lided Australians and Canadian* had been made members cf the meat of that weO known body, and that during their period of furlough they availed themselves to the full of the privilege thus courteously ac corded them. It should further be stated that Troopers Pflaum and Cornish speak in warm term* of the officers of their con tingent, Captain Howland and Major Reid. Their consideration for the men under them and their proved capactrr- in cases of emer gency cannot, they assert, be tpo hishly fraised. . Lady Tennyson will be pleased to hear that the comforta provided through her drcughrfutoeM for the members of the South Auatraaan Contmgen&» at 'the front, bare, there u good reason to believe, afely reached taeir Ueatinaaon. To make assur ance doubly sure, Sir John Cockburn wrote to the commanding officers of the corps in South Afrira, calling their attention to tiie gift3 and to the mates of the generous donors. Mr. Tangton Doughs, the recently ap pointed Professor ot Modern History m the University of Adelaide, has a volume in the ITcm on *'Fra Ange&eo; and Hu Art' The ^Athens of the Southern Pole,' ps Lord Tennyson once termed voor cky. will probably be engaged soon in a mild controversy as to whether the Monk of Flo rence was saint first and artut afterwards, or whether— as Profcaaor Doughs holds — his name is entitled to be remembered as much for his painting as for his piety. Dr. Hines has, in pursuance of his inten tion on leaving Adelaide, been applying himself arduously to medical and *urgical study at his Alma Mater in Edinburgh. Max OHell, the well-known French wri ter and lecturer, was taken seriously ill at Thurso at the dose of last week, but is sow reported to be convalescent Mr. Kyrle Bellew has come back to Lon don quite rejuvenated by his trip to the antipodes. Mr. W. Bears, a ton of Mr. W. L. Beare, formerly of Bnngaree, Clare, who went to Western Australia a few yean ago, is now Sn London. Writing of Lord Ampthill, Private Sec retary to Mr. Chamberlain, who has jut been appointed Governor of Madras, a com piler of journalistic gossip says— 'He is zather young to hold to important a post, but he will do better than hi* brotherin law, Earl Beauchamp, who at the age «f twenty-seven was appointed Governor of 2Cew South Wales, and. has failed to make .limseu' understood by the colonists. The son of Odo Bu&eU; has inherited a fine diplomatic instinct, which has not been spoilt in the service of the new diplomacy represented by the Colonial Secretary, wnose private secretary be 'has been for clofe on five yean. He has a famous ath letic record, which, will make him popular wherever Englishmen are gathered together, and a fharmmg wife. The atmosphere ol Whitehall has not destroyed a certa:n routhful bonhomie which distinguished the President of the Oxford Union nine years ago. The present writer was making an enquiry at the Colonial Office recently, and was delighted to receive front His Lordship the assurance— 'I'm blowcj it I know.' ' Referring to Madame Melba's warning to ambinous young musical tyros from Aus tralia, the London 'UlobeV remarks:— 'No one could speak with, a higher or more impressive authority upon such a subject than Madame Mdba, who in the Austra lian Press has given a warning which comes none too soon. She herself is a monument o:' what Australia can send us in the way of songstresses, but, unfortunately, the prospect of golden returns bait been the means of inducing a number of young voca lists to come to this country with rieuo of a career not quite justified by their en dowments. Not very long ago there seem ed to be a kind of fashion in Australian singers, but like most other things of its kind, it did not last long, and Madame Melba has done excellent service to her fellow-colonists in referring to the misery which has been caused by ill-judged experi ments of the kind.' It is reported from Berlin that Lady Halle (Madame Norman Neruda) intends quitting public life as a musician, and set tling down in Germany as a teacher. The announcement has caused great regret in England. Miss Grace Palotta, who has been for a long time past one of the favourites at the Gaiety, has for the time being severed her connection with that theatre in order to carry out an engagement with Messr*. Williamson & Musgrove in Australia. Mr. John Crook went out by the Arcadia to act as musical director for Mr. George Mus grove. Miss Addie Place, a youcg Australian so prano, made her debut in London on Satur day afternoon last at the Oxford, and was much applauded in her song 'The nightin gale's trill,' which, was very effectively ren dered. Miss Place has frequently appeared -efore Australian audiences as a member of Harry Rickards's, Williamson & Musgrove's, and the Henry Bracy OperaXompahies. The funeral of the late Sir Saul Samuel took place on Tuesday last at Gilder's Green Jewish Cemetery. The AgentsGene ral for New South Wales and Natal, seve ral of the officials from the departments presided over by these gentlemen and by the Agent-General for Queensland, and a comparatively small bjot representative company, consisting chiefly of colonists in England, attended the obsequies. The chief mourners were the deceased's .sons, Cap tain_ Henri Samuel— incorrectly describ ed in most of the London papers as 'the new baronet'— and Mr. Randolph Samuel; bis brother-in-law, Mr. Baines: and Mr. Danes. The Government of Sew South Wales sent a beautiful wreath to lay on the coffin, while a card accompanying the floral device supplied by Lady Samuel bore these word*— 'life's race well run; Life's work well done; now cometh rest.' The Rev. John.. Alexander Dowie, foun der and peneral overseer of the Christian Catholic Church, which has its headquar ters at Chicago, has been creating no little stir in England by his advocacy of a tcheme for transporting to Zion City, on [iake Michigan, Wisconsin, VS., a co lony of workmen skilled in the manufacture of lace. It is admitted that the said city tas no tangible existence at present, but in the eyes of 'The Divine Hex'ers' this is inite an unimportant detail. It is his will that a great centre of the lace-making in lustry shall exist in the neighbourhood of Chicago, and, as in the case of the Satanic Council Chamber in 'Paradise Lost' it is straightway to rise 'like an exhalation.'' And, indeed, as is pointed out by the Lon ion halfpenny morning papers— the more dignified penny journals nave not deigned to take notice of John Alexander and his projects— he has some reason to plume him self upon his creative powers. In five years, it is said, although be offers dealing with out money and without price, he has pas sed from penury to plenty, having amas ied an enormous fortune, which he profes sedly holds in trust for his Church. Of the nature of his methods aometlficz may be earned from the following appeal issued in December last:— To officers und members of the Christian Catholic Church in all parts of the world, and to all friends of ^ion— Beloved brothers and sisters In Jesus Christ our Lord, I call for a New Year's gift of one million dollars. You can answer that call each according to his ability. Sring the whole tkhe into the storehouse; bring your largest possible offering abo into the storehouse. God has given me the right to ask this from you m Jesu's name. The Holy Ghost, caps upon you not only :or a large gift from your plenty, -ut for sacrifices from your sufficiency. I fear no criticism from . apostate Chur cues or from envious, unreasonable people, who will persistently misrepresent my words, action*, and methods. Therefore see to it ye do this thing lovingly, generously, and quickly.' To do the rev. gentleman justice, he makes no hypocritical attempt to mislead those whom he addresses into ima gining that he does not personally handle the money sent him, for in the subscription form issued witft the appeal he clearly states -that contribution* ore to be applied according to his decision. Moreover, be makes no secret of the fact thai be is acting as a. Company-promoter;, that be desires to collect a million or two mil lion dollars— it does not 'seem to be very clear which— to set Zion on its legs; and that this sum is to be raised on toe secu rity --f scrip giving the holder an interest in the settlement and in the proceeds of the Iacemaldng. With much worldly wis dom he 'does not importune any one to sub scribe; on the contrary, he warns his faith ful follower*— the men of Zion— that al though they stand first they must bury lip or be left out in the cold. Such tactics have stood him in good stead in the past, and arc not unlikely to do so in the future. Unfortunately for him he has ncjt been able to wield such a commanding influence over the silk workers of Nottingham as he ex pected. He and his Deacon and right-hand man. a Mr. Stevenson, have prevailed npon a few Beeston men to emigrate by under taking to raise their wages from the £3 per week they are now receiving to £7, and in one instance to £10, but others to whom they hare made advances are of * more sceptical turn of mind. They are anxious to hare a better guarantee than has yet been offered them, and that for the very simple reason that their attention has been called to the United States laws, which make it a highly penal offence for any one, except in circumstances which are wanting in this case, to enter into a contract for the employment of any alien prior to the arrival of that alien in America. Further developments of the mission of the Chris tian Catholic apostle are being awaited with much interest. On Wednesday I had an interesting chat with Mr. W. A. Magarey at the Savoy Hotel. He informed me thai be- left Ade laide on February 24, and went first to Sydney, where he embarked on the Yawa ta Mam for the East, calling at Manila. **A good deal of interest attaches to Ma nila,' said he. 'The general, opinion is that the Americans wQ) never gain any material advantage in the Philippines with out at least doubling their troops. The physique of the American soldiery is mag nificent. I sew a great many of them, as most of the 75,000 men remaining in the islands are at Manga. Many of the Philip pine Islanders are highly cultivated, weU drcssed, and with an excellent manner. They have a strongly developed genius for music' The world makes the mistake of regarding them as less cultured than they are.' The next port of call was Hongkong, and 'a sight of the place makes a man proud to be a British subject/' said Mr. Magarey. 'The superb harbour is strongly fortided, and is evidently a splendid caval baae. When we were there rt was crowded with the finest shipping of all notion*, without mentioning thousands of Chinese junks and «iwipan« Hongkong, brilliantly light ed as. it ia, on a dear tropical night is one of the moat fascinating sights from a ves sel's deck that can be conceived.'' A call was made in due course at Shanghai, of the people of which Mr. Magarey spaks in high praise. 'At Shanghai/' Mr. Magarey continued, 'I took n coasting steamer for Tungku, tin port immediately behind and prou^ted by the Taku Forts, on the banks of Uio l'&ihy; Kiyer. On the way we called in at Wei hai-wci, and there met and had a most in teresting talk with the Governor, Colonel iJorward. '.Three day* before we arrived there had been a rebellion among the Chi uese inhabitants, and the Governor's Cii: irte soldier* had their nrst opoortunily of showing the results of lJrnish discipline. 'Jlie rcghnent behaved admirably, anjtuc disturbance w,u |-ron-ptJy QudJcd. The home authorities must devote more atten tion to the development ol Wei-hai-wci if they wish to render it strong enough u- be reckoned as a naval and military counter poise to Port Arthur. A day or so btor we arrived off the Taku Korus, which are of mud. Here the dtrtinesB of the inhabitants and the openness of their hostility were very marked. As you progress northwards the physique and undeanliness of the people increase in iibout cbe same ratio. From Tungku we started by train for Tient sin, and went on to Pekin. I called at the British Legation to renew an acquaintance with, Mr. i ulford, who is an Australian, and a brother of a former Manager of tnc Dank of Adelaide, but: he had lett Pekin a few days previously for Xeuehwang. I met one official attached to the Legation uuen 1 called for the purpo*? of obtaining a pass port which would enable me to visit l'qrt Arthur, and winch had be be 'vised' b-- the Russian Minister. The dust of Pekin was deeper and finer than even the finest durtiness of Australia, soft clouds arising from every footfall. [ was glad to have the opportunity of pre senting a letter of introducaon to Dr. Mor rison, the Times' correspondent. He is i man of great peisonaf charm and excep tional ability. Perhaps it was the influence of. rumour, but even more probably the spirit of veiled hostility, that seemed to convey to one a direct anticipat on of a rapidly approaching outburst, although the proximity could not be gauged in weeks o: months. An elderly guide whom I brought irith me from Tientsin to Pekin was in .i j state of great nervousqeFs, artJ was giad ? to return. The murder of several missiona ries had already taken place. I one day met ! i missionary named Robinson, a handmme j roung fellow, of a really good sort, from ?rhom I got & good deal of information I (but the Boxen. This young man told me that the Government and the Boxers were undoubtedly in league against the foreig ners. He also exptessed a firm belief that he would be murdered before very long. On my arrival at Chicago some time later, the first news that caught my eys was on announcement that ray acquaintance had been killed. From Pekin I returned to gKmwfiJi.-i^ bjj the same route, and on to Na psaki, and spent a most enjoyable month in Japan. The sudden change from the mppressed hostility and dirtiness of China to the brightness, good humour, colour, and picturesqueness of Japan was more than re freshing. Throuch the kindly offices of friends I was enabled to see the pleasantest tide of Japanese life. One of the things from the artistic standpoint that impresses i visitor is the excessively clever toning of the combinations of colour. The Geisha is i charming personality, about whom too many ' unkind things have been said. The conditions point to the fact uu* «.iv coet of Europeanizcd government admini stration in Japan has rendered the country economically top heavy.' The^rest of Mr. Magarey's journey was from Yokohama to Vancouver, and thence to San Francisco, through the magnificent scenery- and snow clad mountains of Oregon. The Yoeemite Valley is described as the mo£t wonderful place the traveller hod seen. Mr. Magarey spent an exceedingly pleasant six weeks in the States, visited Toronto and Montreal, viewed the Fccncry of the St. Lawrence, and steamed dovm the Hudson to New York. Thence he went to Genoa, and af ter spending two or three weeks in Switz erland came un through Paris to London. The other day he played in a cricket match, and upheld the honour of his country by making top «x-re on a wet wicket. Mr. Ma girey intends shortly, starting next week, to return across the Continent by a new route, in order to catch an outward-bound steamer at Suez. He hones to see Greece, Turkey, and Palestine, and expects to be in Adelaide about the beginning of December. 