STRANGE STORIES OF LONDON GHOSTS. “London Chronicle," The extraordinary interest that has been excited in the supposed appearance of a ghost at a window in Edith-villas, West Kensington, recalls similar though not quite so sensational stories of “haunted houses in the metropolis. Some of these ghostly traditions have been spoiled by subsequent discoveries or explanations, others remain in the annals of ithe unsolv ed problems of believers in the supernatu ral. Whether spectres representing the de parted or forecasting tragedies to come are or are not within the range of possi bility is a matter of opinion. In these days of enlightenment, it is deemed by many as sceptical to Say that no man ever saw a ghost as to dediare that a particular ghost has been seen in a particular place at a particular time. Scotland is admittedly the privileged lo cale of the “ haunted house/’ but London has its legends and. its staunch believers in the so-to-speak structual supernatural, its broken-windowed deserted, villas, detached N and semi- detached, and more pretentious residences Said to be or have been unoccu pied for years or generations on accont of apparitions which, however, lacking direct evidence of their existence, past or (present have sufficed to scare even.the most econo mically disposed house hunters. Whether such things are or are not impossible, it is 'interesting to recall traditions which in some cases hold their own, and in others have 'been dispelled by the disillusionist of mater of fact solutions. The subject can be treated without prejudice. . A WEST LONDON. GHOST OF- XBM.V/. That 'infinitely ‘elastic, area which the speculative builder for respectability’s sake calls “West- Kensington,” including Edith villas, now the resort of thousands of ghost hunters, has yet another ghost story. In 1804 the inhabitants of Ham mersmith were purturbed by stories of a tall, t.hin figure in white, which frequent ed a certain spot near the old churchyard. Wayfarers on foot, by carriage or waggon avoided ‘the ‘spot for many weeks, making inconvenient detours rather than face the spectre. It had 'been seen, not by one, but several. One day a young man, bolder than 'his fellows, armedl himself with a shot gun and waited all night for whbt, 'he was convinced, was merely a practical joker. A't 4 a.m. he 'heard footsteps ap proaching, then he saw a white figure ad vancing, 'then he raised his gun and fired —and killed an honest lbaorer clad in a white jacket, on his Vay to work. The gunner was tried for murder and acquit ted, and so far as can be (ascertained never solved the mystery. KENSINGTON HAUNTED HOUSES. Coming further westward we can find traditions in Holland 1 House, which was built in the seventeenth ‘century. Here in one particular room more than one gen eration is said to have confronted the ghost of the first Lord Holland, proudly perambulating the chamber hearing of his own head—not on a charger, but in his own right hand. And no solution of the mystery (has l ever been attempted.—any more than that of another connected with the same habitation. Lady Diana Rich is believed to have one evening, when she was taking the air in the garden of Hol land House, seen a completely attired ap parition of herself “as in a looking-glass,” just a month before she died of small-pox. This particular district of London is pe cu.iarly prolific of ghostly traditions. In 1868 Kensingtonians through local gossip, and Londoners' in) general through the newspapers, were 'thrilled by a haunted bouse story. Not a quarter of a mile from Holland House, 'and a few yards from the high road, an elderly lady lived in a small house with a middle-aged daughter and a young servant. Regularly every Friday night they were annoyed 'by a rat-tat-tat on their street door when no one was to be seen outside. The two ladies became so alarmed, and in consequence so upset in 'health, that some male relatives set to work to solve 'the mystery. On a cer tain Friday night they posted a policeman outside the house and themselves in the entrance hall. The, rat-tat came as usual; they rushed to the door and found no one near but the policeman, who had heard and seen nothing. ■ Other traps were laid, but all in vam. But one day '-the servant confessed that she had been the perpetrator of a practical joke, and had on. each occa sion escaped down 'the steps "into the kitchen d'oor. A HAUNTED MANSION. The haunted house in Belgrave Square is almost forgotten, although not very long since many a cab driver was 'told to take a circuitous route in order 'that a oountry cousin might be shown the my* terious mansion. There are various ver sions as to the origin of the haunting Some insist that it is the house’in which the son of Sir John Barnard, alderman and M.P. for London, and a conspicuous figure of Lord Chatham’s and Sir Horace Wal pole's time, expired four days after he dreamt that he should die in the course of a week. So certain was he that death was imminent that he—his penurious habits proverbial—refused to give his house keeper the usual payment in advance for his week’s morning chocolate. However this may he, the property, which in ordi nary circumstances was worth a/bout JJIOOO a year, was for a long time; itenantiess. then, says local history, a young couple, anxious to keep up appearances- on a very sma.il (income, regardless of superstition, took the house at a nominal rent, the short tenancy expiring with the suden death of tile husband in his drawing room. A re i-gious sisterhood taking advantage of the situation, secured the premises, also at a noumia'- -rent. ' There is no trace of these goou ladies having seen or heard any thing in the way of a ghost, and when their tenancy expired .in the ordinary course the house, purged of its gruesome tlon , s ’ was 'taken by a gentleman in whose hands it recovered its original good name, and probably trebled its value. J.he above are the particulars, so far as Sf 7 “u be ascertained, of a few of tne- well known. .London ghost" stories. pmfnn , dou ' btles3 > many others of equally if not more thrilling interest. 