[?] ';V JoBrir-5Hpi^suiri Mfi'ffioyiVs -3jpisMy;'i8^ -neither quite therrogue Represented inBret Harte'e poemi*' The Beathen Ghinoe,' nor ! altogetherthesimpletbhpiCtiiiredinLamVB] immortal ^ DiBpertation bmBo&atPig.;' : He is the world's donkey. He «an be led; he ! will not be ' driven, As in ..the .case of 4 Gordon,' he willpBfter provihg him,- honor a greit man. whatever his nationality. But,' to WeBtem idoas, John's life ia devoted to, fraud. ' He '(believes, - . and 'always has ! believed, that 'he -sees 'with two eyes, and that the ' foreign devll' sees with only one. 'We wear black f or monrning or for our beots ; he' uses white. : - Wo . oare .Tor the living ; be oares for the dead. 'With him the place of honor^ia on the left hand. He dofTi bis hnt as a eign of disrespect. His roses have no fragrance. -His 'woiben-folk wear no pstdboats and do no shopping. If he is happy enough' to' have csoaped from the poverty and' drudgery which form the rule of life in the Flowery Land, his table is the measure of hia riches. His legal code is formed on the supposition that fraud is universal. Trial bv this code issvnonvmnus with torture; It is not novel to. find a governor who has been 'exiled -by 'his mis deeds recalled, and promoted, because his puccoBsor has cclipsed him in rascality. From those near the throne to those in the' hovel the practioe is to give bribes to all above and to exact them from those below. Government goods are sometimes a year in transit, tbe officials in charge bdlng more anxious to levy foes for alleged obstruction than to expedite the Imperial business. Andyet, during the time the East India Company traded with China, there was no touuiu ui 4UUHOJ ueiug ujau nuruugu i»ae fraud or failure of a native merchant, though large sums had to be handed to Chinamen for the purchase of tea in tbe interior of the country, where the foreigner was not permitted to go. John's simplicity is exemplified in the fact that during the China-japan war he put up umbrellas to protect him from the enomy's shells. One writer, describing the capture of Amoy by the British in 1841, says the officials prepared a battery ot 200 gun- along tho shorn. Sailing vensels would have had to run the g-mntlet of their fire. Admiral Parker, however, had his sail* ing vessels towed np the town at ? a safe distance. The town was taken with the loss of one man, whilst the natives lost 60. The Chinese General declared such prac tices were without precedent. When Sir H. Gough landed a mountain battery, and from a neighbouring hill attacked the Chinese gunners from tho rear, tho officials, who had never dreamt nf guns being fired down a bill, sent off hurried despatches in forming the Emperor ot the treacherous impropriety of the ' barbarians.' A Chinese woman is expected, when young, to obey her father and her eldest brother; when married, her busband ; when a widow, her eldest son. She gives no orders. There is a Chinese proverb whioh says, ' Women and children are clothes'— to be had when wanted, to be cast off as desired. But in tbe language, the symbol for 'rest' and 'quiet' ia that for ' women under tbe domestic roof.' Married sons are compelled to live under their parents' roof, where their wives are subjeot to the rule of a' mother-in-law. or of an elder sister-in-law. With his poverty may be compared John Chinaman's callous view of the value of human life. This callousness seems to be even more contemptuous than that met with in India. And yot the Chinese dread the name of death. When one has died be has been ' killed.' In Fuhkien, which in some re spects is the most promising part of China, to mention death to a native is to render him an insult, especially at the opening of the year. The dreaded word is evaded wherever possible. John is much of a devil worshipper. What is called the ' worship ot ancestors' is a complicated system for laying the spirits of the departed. It is the common belief that if the ghosts are not worshipped and fed they wreck vengenance on the liv ing. The worship being tbe province of the son facilitates divoroe and polygamy, but it is not without oertaiu redeeming fea tures. It has been computed that the public ' worship of ancestors' costs the Empire £6,000,000 per annum, and tbe private worship i;24, 000,000. In Chinese society the soholar is regarded as next to the Emperor ; then comes the farmer, and after bim the mechanic, and tbe - Wader, The amusement or decorative caterer comes last in the scale, in accordance with the saying that ' the man who pays highly for a song will not give much for as we abould designate by that name. But Chinese literature is not destitute of fancy, - For instance, there is an old Chinese romance of which Voltaire made nse, and which haa many renderings, but one moral. A doctor of reason, meditating among tho tombs, observed a yonng widow fanning one of them. Boeing her in tears, the philosopher asked the cause. She replied ' You see a widow -at the tomb of her husband. He was most dear to me. He loved me with tenderness. Afflicted with the idea ot part ing, his last words were, 1 My dearest wife, should you ever think of marrying again, I ieorij least u ntll the plaster 6f-iuy tpmbSs^ntirely dry ' Now,' *aid 'She,V.as thejW|illii;are still damp I thoughtT. Should h6lp itffim ,t6 get dry.' . -The philo sqjiher told jhis^ad^enture to his young and 3-eautif ul*wlfe,' who deolared that should %e jiiehefore her.eheiwbuldnever manyagain. The philosopher puts her to the test by ;sha mming deatb;;and finds her constancy no greater than thftt of 4he woman he had met tLmohgBttheiombs.-Shebeing discovered, jt lmmits suicide, and he resolres never to' take,«notber:wife. 