MISCELLANEOUS WORKS. The death of John Ruskin gives special interest to the estimate of his character and genius by a French admirer, R. de la Sizeranne, whose essays on "Ruskin and the Religion of Beauty," which originally appeared in the "Revue des Deux Mondes," have been translated by the Countess of Galloway, and published by Mr. George Allen. M. de la Sizeranne, who has a wide knowledge of modern English art, is at once a keen and a sympathetic critic, and clearly recognises Ruskin's defects, his unsystematic method of expounding his principles and his apparent inconsistencies, and the essential soundness of much of his teaching and the beauty of his style. The three essays are entitled respectively "His Personality," "His Words," and "His JLsthetic and Social Thought." Here is an example of the in teresting manner in which M. de la Sizeranne trtats his subject: "By thus infusing new life into faded works of art and cities grown cold with age, and by mingling with his criticism the unfailing charm of nature and melan choly born of thought, Ruskin endows us with a ne\v sense to wait upon our travels. Without him we had a great deal-express trains enabling us to rush from one monu ment to another, and to compare the portal of Amiens immediately with the bronze gates of Ghi.berti; sleeping-cars allowing us to arrive among .these masterpieces with heads clear and minds attuned, prompt to receive the most delicate messages of art. Wc had hotels and the almost magical ap paratus of modern comfort, wherein a linger on one button annihilates distance, on another produces light, on a third heat; where a polyglot and provident establish ment spares us even the fatigue of giving an order; where everything tacitly con spires to leave the mind its penetrative power unimpaired between one museum and another, and the soul all its strength to summon up the ghosts of past ages in the intervals of a historian's lectures. In a manner then we had all that was needful for seeing the world; only we needed an excuse for so seeing it and for enjoying it when we saw. Ruskin has supplied all this. We were walking forward on our own way; he came and opened a new hori zon. We had eyes and saw not. Rus kin gave us eyes to see, and withal he gave us plausible reasons for our wandering habit and noble pretexts for our amuse ments, and he told us where we were going and why. Chiefly he has addressed his own compatriots, and because tbey believe him they are now infinitely more obser vant of all things of art in their path, and studv these with an ecstatic air to be sought in vain among such as do not be long to what the Sacristans in Italy already term "the Ruskin brotherhood." (Received from Melville and Mullen.) "Readings in John Raskin's Fore Clavigera" (London: George Allen) is a selection of passages from the great writer's remarkable collection of 96 "letters to workmen" as he called them, which he issued between 1871 and 1884. They are really Ruskin's opinions upon a great num ber of subjects, literature, art, religion, society, and are full of interesting matter, expressed in the writer's most suggestive and characteristic manner. In the section j entitled "Four Tale-tellers" (Miss Edge worth, Scott, Dickens, and Thackeray) he remarks:-"Dickens is said to have made people good-natured. If he did, I wonder what sort of natures they had before! Thackeray is similarly asserted to have chastised and repressed flunkeydom-which it greatly puzzles me to hear, because, as far as I can see, there isn't a carriage now left in all the Row with anybody sitting inside it; the people who ought to have been in it are, everyone, hanging on behind the carriage in front." (Received from Mel ville and Mullen.) "Paul: A Herald of the Cross," by Flor ence Morse Kingsley (Ward, Lock, and Co. Limited), is a companion story to "Titus" and "Stephen," by the same writer. The life of the great "apostle to the Gentiles" is told in the form of a story introducing, besides fictitious personages, the chief characters in the New Testament narrative and scenes and incidents in the many coun tries and peoples visited by St. Paul. The writer has endeavoured to describe the Greco-Roman world at the time when Paul began to teach, and t« enable the reader to understand "something of the hopeless de gradation of those in high places, to look for an instant into the frightful abysses into which the decadent religions were hurrying mankind." The story will be found at once interesting and instructive by readers, both young and old. There are several full-page illustrations by .Henry Austin. 