THE DEPREDATIONS OF SPARROWS. AN INTERESTING DISCUSSION. At the December meeting of the Strath- fieldsaye Shire Council a circular was re- ceived from the Borong Shire Council, ask- ing for the support of municipal bodies and agi iculturul societies in raising a fund to bo offered as a reward for an effective schema foT the wholesale destruction of sparrows. If the pest continued to increase as in the past, the communication stated, it would be nearly an impossibility to raise cereal or fruit ccoj>s. A sum of 2s 6d was required from each contributing body to pay for ini tial expenses, and £5 from each body to pay as a reward for the best scheme. Con sideration of the matter was postponed m the absence of Cr. Oraike, who is looked upon as a great authority on the subject. At the meeting of the council yesterday Cr. Crnike gave it as his opinion that the sparrows should be fought by Individual, and not by bodies. (Hear, hear.) They were not n great pest, green parrots were fifty times worse, the sparrows not having a ghost of a show against them. He fought (lie sparrows himself, and let every one else do the same. (Hear, hear.) He moved that no action be taken. 1 . Cr. Reck said the green parrots did him no harm, but the spax’rows did. Cr. Somerville ; I am very glad Cr. Criako has spokeu. I contend that the birds are sent for some wise purpose, and we should treat them kindly. (Laughter and applause.) But for the birds they would have no fruit at all, for the earth would swarm with in sects. Providence supplied food for Hio birds, and they should not begrudge the sparrows a little food. Sparrows were harm less little birds. He was very glad to take what the sparrows left. It was a sin to destroy them. God made the birds nr-d sent them for a wise purpose, (A council lor : “Were you made for a wise purpose i ’ Laughter.) Yes, he was and they should each see that they fulfilled their mission in life. (Laughter.) Cr, Drcchsler seconded the motion. Cr, Keefe moved as an amendment that the Borong Shire be supported. Only 2s 6d was required from councils. If the Scheme was a failure the £5 would not bo paid. In reply to Cr. Somerville he would state that these two sorts of birds, insec tivorous and injurious, sparrows were pug nacious birds and drove away the insec tivorous birds as was proved by the great est American export. He was" a great suf ferer by them. » Cr. Craifee said he had watched the spar rows and all the other birds for many years. The sparrow was a great nuisance at times, but let him have a little barley and he was satisfied. He was insectivorous most of tile year. If Cr. Keck had one dose of green parrots he would never talk about sparrows again. They should have no legislation on the subject, thev were being over legislated mid would have no liberty left at all, (Hear, hear.) • 9 r .‘. : is not Parliamentary le gislation. Cr. Craike: "Well, it. is local legislation, ani is just as bod. Let every man work for himself, and deal with the birds as the rabbits had bee* dealt with. They would see that before long sparrow’s were bein ’’ exported to England and realising good prices. (Laughter.) . h Cr. Crnike’b motion was carried. 