Green Crops for Hew Land. By HoBTionnroB in tub " Week." The land . to bo planted as on orchard having been cleared, stamped, end burned off, if artificial draining is required that is the next operation to proceed with. Tho - first thing is to find the proper outlet for the water, the distanoe apart of the drains, and tho general plan must depend on circum stances. If the land is even, with no hollows - in it and the fall suitable, the drains con be laid straight, one'between euoh intended row of trees— say 30 feet apart. (These drains should be at least 3 feet deep. In other oaeea where the land is uneven it may ho well to take a ; main drain where most desirable, whioh should not ho less than 4 feet deep. In conneotion with this main drain, lateral drains ehonld be laid on each side of it at re- ' quired distances. This is known as herring bone draining, and is probably the best system that can be adopted ii tho main drain is large, and has a good fall, so as to carry off the water quiokly after heavy rains. Tho excesR of water in tho Boil canses tho diminu tion of the quantity of air within it. When the water is able to pass freoly through tho soil the fertilising effect of rain is wonderful, more so than of manure, becausoit carries with it certain quantities of oarbonio acid nud salts of ammonia, and dissolves the alkaline earths and phosphates in the soil that are necessary for the organisation of plants. As soon as tho drainage ie finished, should there be time for a green crop to grow and bo ploughed in before planting time, it would improve the texture of tho soil. Do not make tho mistake of supposing that when a greon crop has been ploughed in you hare supplied j|l tho manure, that tho trees will require. The mineral elements required by tho plants must be present in the soil in an available form, for if these are absent all the green orops in the world would not increase the product of tho orchard. If the plnnts are supplied with the mineral elements they have the power to appropriate the carbonic acid fur nished by the greon crop. Nevertheless if there is not an abundanoe of vegetable matter in tho soil, the ploughing in ofa greon orop wm improve its texture, and thereby add to its fertility. Por new land that is deficient in vegetable matter maize is the best green crop that can be ploughed in. Should it grow so long that the plough cannot cover it so rauoh the better, it should then be pulled up and laid in a trench behind the plough, to be covered in by the plough at the next furrow, and so on furrow after furrow until the whole is completed. In stiff soils or those which are tenacious and cohesive in their parts, veget- ahlo matter will render them less cohesive, so that as the vegetable mould becomes mixed with the soil by cultivation they will be con verted into fertile loams. In tho case of light or sandy soils, tho ploughing in of green vegetable matter renders them moro cohesive, ' tbey absorb and retain moistnro better, and their constitution and fertility are thereby improved. Vhe latest fashionable craze for white, both in season and out of season, is not at its happiest when applied to bridesmaids' frocks. Tho bride and her maidens (6ays a writer on fashirtns) now look like a fiook of silent ghosts or a flock of pigeons as thoy walk up the aisle of some dim old parish church, and for one moment one is perfoctly bewildered with them, taking tliom for .brides all going to undergo the ordeal of marriage at tho same moment. It is mosfi fashionably correct, no doubt of the bride to have her maidens so attired, but very ill- advised, as sho and her satin train and lace would look far more noticeable and charming were they in Borne colour that, by contrast, made her utter whiteness the more delightful. 