a sUER FIRST NH',it{ -o - l By Francis A. Hoadley Hilds van Brunt.stood in the liroad.winidow. : her.:little den, lookiig:out :across the. wind' swept square. Her face was white" and set; her- hands did not tremble; but they were cdcolilaiid were folded tightly, togetheri. fioUtos f her. She was.going rapidly over in her mind.athe last three years; How hard she had worked-oh, how. hard! always, for. the ,oneigoal ?success; thit svwet, intoxicating;,:- rst , &reat.; tri umph..- " There had been: two. little: curtain raisers which.were well received .by the public before that. Even. the manager .pattedher." shoulder," hinting at great thiungs: ini store' for her. Critics had, been, kind, and=: friends-had applauded.. AJI but Lloyd Hernton.. : They were engaged, and. like one'sr best friends, he criticised frankly her faults': She was clever, had a fine literary" touch, especially for the pathetic ;.but her.forte.lay in simple story telling. Plaf writing was.an altogether: unique and much abused.art ;. an art that required keen dramatic style. and subtle handling ;,a master-. uol grasp of detail and fine effect-- technique in short, Technique washer stumbling block:. Sue wouJld make a hit as an impression; istic writer of short stories ;, she must forgive him-but he felt sure she would never lie equal to the extended effort that a.three act' play demanded.. He told her all-this now to save her future chagrin and disappointment. He, loved her so truly that he.would never have her taste the dismay, the pang of failure. It couldn't have been. jealouisy, for. he hadn't the ghost of! a talent in. that- line himself ; his forte. lay. in impersonating :the creations of others. And: he. loved her-ahe-- was :"urea. of that. SWasn't love enough T- he had ended. by i asking her. Ah, he was cruelly selfish " Suppose she had predicted- failure: for him, thrown cold water on his enthius iasm,. She remembered' now thak: sheihad' .done something of the kind. He denied. her -ability-his. words stung and cut her to the heart.. . ' At-least, love wasn't all,' she had ::.re sponded to his query.. . She. would. not give up: her: dearest. desire until she had been' defeated :; it. remained to be seen. whish would. win;. the laurel first.. - , r -Until thleii good-byet Though she had never seen him since,. she knew he was an astounding success -the most popular young actor of the day, .promising. wonderful results for the future. Of course, victory was for the strong,-.. Her. lips curled in fine scorn.. What of herself 1' Well, the long-looked for night'had-:come at last. To-night her. chagrin or triumph woulid;be -an.assured fact. Her play was. finished--finished. Would the audience understand, what that meant. Couldn't this little room telltales of dismay over the-' extended.effort required by a three act play '1: Hadn't it been a witness, to- the denials 'made all for this night.. A witness of tears and discouragemnent, Of tih inceso nt thinking, thinking, think :ing Of the writing and re-writing, The longing for that ' keen dramatic style that nmasterful. gra o,of the little things, that tell. The miserable doubts, over this beloved offsprin'g of her Irain The ebufifs of. the few managers who had ;condescended to. read her play, and i who acknowledged in maddening fashion that there was fine material in it, but crude ; it needed pruning.; it needed filling, out:; the hero-was atrang in places, but iuicou sistent. '* Yea. he oould be worked up iuto a good part, hiut----' Ahl, the desperation of it all. The nitter struggle in theB-- nmeantime"to make both ends: meet-the detormination -to wi, or die. Then the day when it was-finally accepted ; when the great Manager Bailey hitis.lf' told her' he had kept an.eye on: her;all' along; for he knew she had it in her ' (whatever!-it' meant) ; that it-was the btest acting peice of the year ; she coula be sure of an all winter's run; they' would begini rehearsals right away;-. Shie must he present ; h.e-wouiddneed: her suggestions ; he. knew she had "finedranimatic instinct; Paul 'Carew would.play the leading part. A: cheque was- put into-- her hand,: and there was' some: conversation about a, royalty:. - .She was deaf blind,, dumb., What wa it&-al ah'oiit - -. · Whose play was to make thik miraculous hit s lters. Then she rushed home: to thisp ~ooap-and cried herself to sleep. ,Not till the-next, day ;did ub remember to' 'ook-at the-cheqze hqythd·i -di od: mane aughingly advised, hr to tiii hr and smoke.' 'All that ?l It nearly took her bieath' away,)' and ' royalty. besides.' How, she wished&n; thlt she could tell. Lloyd. Then the rehearsals; : She had gloated; over every: word,: geate, . every detail of, setting the .peice ; Carew- said her fondness; for- the hlero.had inspired him. Bailey. xushed with.' her from the stage to the orchestra to.' get: the.'-effect as'. a whole. Suppose afteriall it should fi?? - Could she :live. She. asked herself- over: and over that qu estion . SBut everything had .gone smoothly t.il two1 days ago... -Then Carew failed to appear at. ra: hearsal. I: . S'Messengers ran back and forth; Carew was .delirious ona hosoital, cot.; The understudy. . He had gone to his'-wife: who had died; the day blefore. . -Since-then her..mind-had beern chaos -' .Durantb:waastudying.Oarew's:part; thoughl everyone assured her he: would: carry it off.; withi. flying colorsishe was-positive he wouitl: -The play? was tq, be given, however at- any,. .cost- : -- - ... At lf2to-day she- had- fiiited ; :Bailey and the doctor.bund ld I.er into a cab, forbidding lher to appear until night.-. An .hour 'ago-6: note came from Bailey 1saying - : ' Eureka-.! "A'i the: last nmomenit: an old 'friendl has :,volunteered -to,- take-:,Garew's part:;- amay rely upon??hiinp--i o bolrint; order- outof ,chiaos'. .l;ga - hii your :pl;i `fo.read two ,weeks-'agoaild'liheh lis seen: one. :rehearsal!; he stuidied thde part because: he liked ,it so much that .he hoped sonme day lie would have a chence-topIly-it. Beaon laa'nd when the curtain. goes u?i: Hope you are ' etter. ' - Whon ha4;he- found V W.hy-had he- not-let Durant'go-on -'? Aa tranger to hler~too-shlie'd 'not evei.hee., consulted-.- . SThis was the beginning:' of. the end, the dismay; 'the-i pang: of. If;ailure '; jaund Loyd's face- smiled,.-: mnockiigl- at 'her., What if'he were in town?.?. The London season was over- sh? .had heard he was coming-to rest; that was eeks ago. ... Suppose he should be in the audienc; to nightl " - At- her triumph yes.;:but not at h'er defeat; she couldn't endure that. Someliew she felt a wild desire to .throw her aims around.hisuneck, and. b- comforted; ia the o. way, But shirpulled herself 'together. Her play fail* at tlhe eleventh hoar. i No . it was:. boun:d :to succeed-; . it must? SBailey knew what- he was- about; the~ Ssuccess of, this play meant as mutcii 'tohiu as Sto her. : There were no other.. actors as. good, ?is- [Durant... - \- Biy seldtom made a mistake- Who.could " She ran oaver. every diseigaged actor-" she couldithink- of. - No, no, sic-not one of them was. suited to, the leading part. But Bailey had never faileed her -thelay. would:win;. and igood luck- to thei - s~tiinger, ihoever he was. Some novice, possibly anxiousato.distinguisi himuself. ~he was sorry for him;' she knew. ,the feeling well. Halt past seven ! She dressed. herself with more. thougi?ti than she had bestowed upon such frivolity. since-since she used to dressi withian eye to. Lloyd. Oh, ifthe would only staf.awy? to-nighlt- Still she was -sure. - -- : Y,et what wouldn't sho gyve to.have- him, there-if alLwent well . She glanced hurriedly, at herself-shle. would do-for a failure. At the theatre she found-her-way; uncer tainly to the box.; uerythingRswani beforei Sher. eyes.. The friends whom. she hadt invited; were there-the friends.whose - atteringcriticism, she coveted. Inastead they would condole: :?ithher ... She greeted them.calmly: ' The lights went down. and :--th:e ciutaia , There- was a murmur of delight ait w.asu beautiful-to look at,- , Was she breathing " "One of the minor charactes gve the .irst :.lines, but sh, didn't hear thei . : ;: She was bendiu.g over to u.a.Oliaglimlse ot . .. . C" ' " " -. : " -" . -; ?, ? "-- . -" . , . . . . . . . ~ ~,4 .', " , ,:-' , .. this stranger novice who was :to bring'' order out of chaos.' She knew where' he must be standing in the wings; there he was-was he auyoue she knew 1: He was coming-Lloyd. Heriblo'od seemed, frozen ; he shouldn't onme: a-stepnearer.. . W liycouldn't she peakr Was-her torgue paralysed I' She saw itLall :in a lsh.; they had parted in fury-andl-:this was his revenge. He: wa?i -:Bailey's 'friend' who had imposed upon -.him and ' volunteered at the last. ainute -::to '-ruin her work of years, ' Ie mustn't-he shan't' S(hoking with rage and despair sh%. half 'rose in her chair. Fortunately her guests. knew nothing of the episode. between' Lloyd and herself ; if they; thought her a hit. conceited over her own; pro.duction, they. would forgiv.e it." It was her first.serious effort. A burst of applause gFreeted'hin ; then,h4 spoke :.. . ' Ah Gordon, so.glad to.see you once more, I hope you're quite well again, What. was there in those commonplace words to thrill her-Lloyd [0 And .. there was. fnio. revenge. in. that Voice. - SH?ws her-hearmtwa,beatings, - er piece wasa. successai.nd: Lloyd h ad She was glad. wLow thin 'he looked :; but the same sweet, strong fatce that she had: loved three. yeara. ago. There. were, explanations to be made to her. guests as. to the. change, and blending with: pity, for poor. Oareax's. terrible collapse were congratulations for her that she -had given Herndon a chance for the most genuine hit of his already. enyiabie career.,. This was from the asurest critic of, his 'time. Her heart- was bursting. She compared. him all along w-ith Carew, and the-odds always in. favour, of Lloyd: ..Hdw well he must have unlerstood her Sto'interpret .so deftly even her slightest touch. - But what couhl-he mean by it ? There.-there was a hitch in..her. '-technique,' she hadn't' noticed: it as Carew played it; but ' technique' was always. her stumbling block.' How would lie give the strong scene of this-peice. Carew was fine in the early stages, of a love scene ; but in the climax-. le al-ways. gave the imprssion. that it was all a farce not a bit the way he- would act: were he really. in love. There was Bailey - in the wings sniiling at her and waving his hat:.wildly about his -' head. Yes, it must be a, hit-Bailey didn't go niad:for nothing, [lark ! I There was the great scene now.. She listne-d . With: l ipa.aprt. Ah, infinitely better. than Carew-such a :convincing :voice, :Now he was corning to the best thing of all. - W:Vouldn't'he even glance her way- 1-he was fiacing.her,;. He rHight easily do it in one place with ountspoiling: the .. scene; . didn't he know that,-- - Didn't he know where she wassitting l! She had wristenit~, always with him for her= model ; she had;tried so.hard to,' master the-details.' Just: one glance iLloyd, For one instant he is looking. straight- into hereyes. She drew a long sigh, and:smiling, leaned coptentedly ba?ck in her chair.' The fiist tima-she 'lad ben hetr old sellffor asspace.of three years .. The cartain'fell j rose.and fell; rose and fell,: again:and agaiin. - There was.a burstT of thundering applause; names.were-shodted, . Poor .Bailey,'always. in, confusion at the possibility of-' speaking-on any stage," stood wringing Herndon's. hand and bowing fran fically t.o thea exuited.audiunce. Her name '1: Ohno.!:-. WVas he sure !' MUIstshe'go I; She can'tl But:in another breath she is.withllthe. un iyielding Bailey round behind- the scenes where loyd;stood waitingi for her ;- and: where: Bailey." in the kindness of his dear' heart, with lihisback to them. gave an idiotic order to'.a -stage. hadi-: just -long enough ror Lloyd:to say to her, 'Dearest, I. was. wrong. - 'That was.~a ll ;:bt it-waseenough. 'hen shei- stood- between thenim, rounds of applauseringinggin her ears.. !O'erx an'dwover6.r the ; triO,:I bdwi :andi smiledi '. - - \- Ni, that- was, not: enongh-she must \- .Whenl after, thanks, to.the audience and manager, turning- to:'-Lloyd, they, clasped haids with thiat look all~the world.knows and loves, the house rose to its feet- and the curtain fell to the tune of lusty-cheers, only. to;nrise once more for the two alone who had. gifyia each other. this triumph. ltw.as their. hour.--' Times.Democrat, 