MISCELLANEOUS. MOSQUITO. The trams that run through our streets are vistuaily rail[?] Any how to the day or night you can see these street trains careering arond the Five Lions corner at the rate of 9 or 10 miles an 'hour. I al ways expect to see oho of them take a nir. oft tlie rails into the Gamp Reserve and land amongst or on top of the cricketers- But somehow or other they, always manage to wring round safely and shoot away to Mit chell street- Then, though they are run ning through the busy streets, it does not appear that'there is any necessity to have a gate and gate-keeper at the intersection of- every street and roadway between Ben digo and Eaglphawk. Not since an. unfor tunate-little child of four years old paid in front of the pub for his father’s afternoon beer with his life’s blood, has there been many run over by the Bendigo and Eagle hawk trams. The explanation is that the people using the streets and roadways know that they have got to mind themselves, and they mind themselves. accordingly. Thorp are no gates and gatekeepers on the Ameri can lines, none on the New Zealand lines, an.l none on the South Australian lines. The person who cannot see or hear a thing the. size, weight and noise of a train ap proaching ehoidd isover venture to travel anywhere except under : the care of his mo ther or with a dog to lead him arid to listen for him also. It is the quintessence of incon sistency to bo wasting money on fencing and gate-keeping seldom used country rail way crossings when in places like Melbourne and Bendigo we have railways scooting through tlie busiest streote./ The collision at tlie Mclvor road crossing between a train and a cab was one of the most peculiar as well as namful incidents of its kind. Supposing tlie cab was travel ling at/the rate of 10 miles on hour, and that if' it got. only 10ft over the lino from rail to rail it would clear the'locomotive. To travel this 10ft would only occupy about 3-sths of a second; Yet it Was Hurt very 3-sths of a second that wasfraught with misery and fatality. There are, wo shall say, only half a dozen trains a day on the line. Then, in a whole day, there would bo but 3 and 3-sth seconds of danger, if a man were blindfolded and Ins oar-drums removed and he were put,on to drive a cab rinil hbrseS backwards and forwards oyer the line, as quickly as,, ho could turn and go back, for the whole of each day. As in, the whole 24, hours only 3 seconds arid &Btha; of a would constitute the period of con tact. between cab and train, a blind and deaf man might keep up the exorcise for one month, one year, two years, ’five years, 10 years, 20 years, according to his luck, without once getting hit. In practice, how ever, we find that, when only once crossing Ute line in. one day the very SWibha of a second required, for the purpose ui unfor tunately the psychological fraction of a mo ment, when tho lino is required for the purposes of a heavier and more strongly moving pbject. Who shall endeavor to in terpret the laws of chance and accident? Have they any laws? I have my own pri vate theory as to the real underlying cause of. the killing and maimintr. of the picnic party. I know the class and stylo of mines, factories, etc,, where accidents are of the most frequent occurrence. Now that the Mayor of Melbourne has got his knighthood, what docs he think of lf ho candidly replied, would ho not be inclined to confess that it |», another of those numerous cassas whore there is more pleasure iri ; anticipation than, in realisation, and that for a title that/ he caii’t leave in Ids will £lO,OOO or so permanently, invested in balls, banquets, dinners, champagne and cigars. is a rather tail price. It’s worse than an Upper . House election in the land boom days, Sir Matthew H. Davies niaqo donations to various public concerns of £lO,OOO iriior to Ids becoming ennobled life amongst the knights of Michael and 'the other ancient personage. And what price bejond the customs duty of £3OO on. the Lady Loch pnesentatjon diamonds from London,wjdch -the Melbourne swell neopio let tho old nian- pay for them and never refumlwlitto him, did Sir Bonny Ben pay for his knighthood? What. too. would poor Sir;token, for Ids knight hood if ho could have put it up to auction in his closing days? Or if he is still alive and dreaming of the ghosts of past international exhibitions and commissions what price does George OoUine Deyy. put oa hlaStar of India Idecoration? There have in recent years cs paxially. be»?n no many stories pf mMpituhe Alia unrealised hopes oonnijcted with the K.O.M.G.’s that the possession of one of the, ribbons is calculated to hying anything hut liwk to the Tvjearer., It’s a mascotte'of; fortune by* no means. H’«: not, worth »; String of tearful Opals. For opals I see have gone up lately in tlio markot. but X doubt ■whether Sir Bonny Ben would advance you the 1 prico.of a week's tuckcj*. if. ydd ‘left your; K.C.M.G. ribbon in his : keeping! Baby shows usedto bo a popular attraction at; a shilling a head. How would a show of co lonial knights - go? I believe that, if half dcsiSii or so of them could bo- eot to take 'their places on the. benches of the ‘show- Tocui, the charity- on whoSfe behalf Uie eh- : tertninment was given would have a big ■house. • For ■with oiir rapid ups and downs, aiid wins and losses'of this and that chnrop te? a colleotioh of the of : tlte : last 20 years pr so would have their comical as well as their; ornamental 1 side! \ 