Professor Pepper Dead. THE ORIGINAL rJWOSr.TVALKEK ASD RAIN MAKER. ProfcMor Pepper, i'f ' IVpper'i Gbou' f«ta-;, hat iuitdied at Lvyixnttoni', where be bad reoontly boinir living (tvpuiU thu London Vaily Mail of March 30). To tin) youDK«r Keneration ' Pepper'i Qhoii' Ik more a legend than u reality, but thirty your* im-- it win f»' pnpuiar an thn prt-Bcntbingropb. 4a Mr. John llollini{i.huad eaid In tbo /'all Malt Oatrlle, tho di'ittb of the profusnor ' carrii'H thu memory to tiiu duj-s wben thu miscolUneouH tbciitrlciil luitinuu hud not Wen invented, and those curiou' variety bhowt of recreative science culled ' Polytechnic Inttitutioub* were pspuUr with Mm oImfsbb who wero bleescd with mid-duy l.'ihiire without knowing exactly bow to upe it.' It mm in 1818 that. John Henry Pepper, born in 1821, whb appointed uiiayiical chemist ut the Riyal Polyiuchnii: in Kegcnt-ilni't. For eomu yi'urH the clenientHry (scii'nufu' lectures and shown flFiLiafled the Polyteuhnic's pulton^, but Profeeaor Pepper began to flud tin. t Boinethiog different waa ivnnted( nuii be turned his aitention to thn ' ghuit ' method of illation, winch a civil engineer named Dircku brought, to his notice. ' Pepper told me that the idt-u of ' Poyper'u Gbosf,' came to him ono d--y as ho was walbing out of Sc. Jumea' Hull, when nomo reflections from a mirror ought his notice,' said Mr. Muskelyne, of Egyptian Hall fame, to a Daily Mail repre sentative. ' But tliero is no doubt that he worked on Dirck'a idea, and devoloppd the arrangement of mirrors and |- Iush, which made ' Peppei'n Ghout' celebrated. At first he worked with mirrors at the side of the etage, bat Professor Sylvester, who joined him, introduced tbe mirror beneath the footligbtH and the (ront glass on the stage, and that was the method after wards the adopted. For a long while audiences did not understand the ' mystery' of tbo ghost, but people liku myself, who understand tho neb ef mirrors, knew bow the thing was done, although tbut did not lesson our enjoyment of a ghost performance. Ib was decidedly r/ntdrtaining to see on apparently solid ' ^host' w»lk through another character on Kh'i stage. But the ghoBt hnd his day, and has not been much heard of in reennt ycjarw. There is no doubt that Pepper made a lob of money out of the ghost, but he did not die rjoh. Nearly twenty year ago he went to Australia to ' make rain* for the farmers, long before th« American rain-makers nppenrpd, but ib whs nob v. success. His idea was to canse ruin to fall by rjeans of aerial ospIoBione, bub be could not make rain fait where there was no rain up in the Bky, acid so he could do nothing in places where raia/was most wanted. He after wards became .public analyeb at Brisbane.' ProfeBsor Pepppr brought out successors to bhe 'Ghost' in £he 'Sphinx' and the 'Protean cabinet,' bub'none succeeded like the ghoat, and 'Pepper's Ghost' will remain bis chief claim to celebrity.,' 