FREE SPgHH* PEBSSO^SOplfe|;;: WOULD THROTTLE FREEDOM The Lewis-Maloahy Ministry, if carefully watched and te&ded;^ might, in the course of time, juBtjfy its right to dominate a self-govern-'1' ing oointnunity ; hut us the World' persists in growing old rapidly, Taemunia^an -hardly afford 4p wait for the development of tench | flabby combination. Some nine months ago they pleaded for time to formulate their polioy, which to this - day has no existetioe. At that time the Clipper, rather than endorse a polioy of procrastination, preferred to support Gamaron as agatnsfc Mai* caby, when the latter sought re eleotion, after 'jumping' the port folio of Minister of Lands. Mul oahy was elected : and again at tbe General Elections the people; of Tasmania endorsed tbe right of the present Ministry to govern — a peo ple is worthy of the Government it has ; Tasmania is worthy of Lewis Mdoafay ! Democracy, in Tasmania, if care fully watched and tended, might bnrn into a purifying glow. Tbe Clipper has set itself to the task, although it is at this time some what discouraged by the reaction ary backwash of these Jingo times, which has encouraged a prime growth of conservative arrogance. During the last few months even the right of free thought, much less free speech, has been denied a small bat repntable minority of our people; and Civil Servants were threatened with ignominiona dis missal if they dated to give ex prdsssiDn.ovBn inpi ivtAe, to opinions opposed to the Jingo inajority, V When the Lewis 'trash' com mandeered their rwpictive port folios, the Clipper recognised that they were virulent reactionaries, who would not hesitate to attack the liberty of the people. So eoun as they were firmly in the stirrups they «t once started to ignore and curtail the privileges of that eeotion of the press which did not grovel to their mightiness, the Clipper in particular was 'marked,' especially by Minister Malcaby, after tiie maoner always' adopted by pettifogging |tyrante. Thus early was proof given that the New Ministry objected to a Free and Outspoken Press. ? Fortunately, existing laws do not provide for press censorship. Now, however, an attempt is to be made to introduce this most intolerant class of legislation, and a Bill to 'Amend the Law relating to Imprints and for other purposes,' has been printed and emulated. 'For other pm poses' includes press consorsbip: No person is to be permitted to 'keep or use any printing press or types for printing' without a Go vernment Licence. The unregis tered printer is to be dealt with in a summary way ; and the police may, on suspicion of it oontaining the powerful weapons of Troth, break into a boose and plunder jt. ? ? Attorney-General Lewis has evi dently been studying the press laws of the seventeenth century ; or those of Van Dieman's Land, in the times of Governor Arthur — the man who was most responsible for the devilry of Port Arthur and the everlasting disgrace of this fair colony. V Yet even in those dark days the press and pnblio were alive to tbe evils of the Pressgag, and the lead ing merchants and colonists pro tested, although without effect, and declared the license to be 'no less repugnant to British Law and de structive of British Liberty, than impolitic and inexpedient.' Among the signers were D. Lord, F. G. Gregson, W. Kermode, A, F. Kemp, and C. MoLaoblan, who protested that 'we neither identify ourselves or this address with aoy particular newspaper or political views, tbe Freedom of the Press being onr sole aim and object,' V Lewis's Bill is no credit to his draughtmanahip. Any decent axe man could chop a better one out of an old log fence. At any rate he could prevent the proverbial eoach and horses driving through bis more effeotive provisions. The bill attempts, but fails to pro vide, that imprints shall be attached 0£|Ep |0ngh %**** lgoon»ij Harbor notoriety.. The side note of Clause 7 fails to agree with the clause itself. In fact' the «We not* i«fnn6ter1thWieYenlJ»*iit«fatoonB ?oratory. It assert* that ,' persona distribatftag hnautnentioated papers 'may WdMmWm^^1'^ olanae doexn't take on the induori Mf Clipper CttokonateVhto -not a8eanate dnaoa ?ba , jlaaLjvitl this ini|uHbiifl' Pr*M*Bm,-^rhioh has every likelihood of becoming an Act of. Parliament, seeing that,' without exception, the daily press prefers to toady to the Imwib Government rather than sound the tocsin calling npon the people to the defence of their liberties. The Clipper trusts that the ghost of , Wilkes, the father of the fVeedom of the English Press, will be on the floor of the House when this free dom-mnrderiDg bill in introduced, and that some members will be found not wanting in the necessary ability to deal with it and oanse it to be ignominiously rejected- And as the Clipper writes it hears the immortal Milton declaiming, ' The censor or the lioeneee is the slayer of an immortality rather that a life.' Also, down through the centuries comas the voice of the Greoian songster, Euripides : 'This is tru» liberty, when frwborn nun. Having to advise the public, may speak free.' 