The Revelhurst Mysteryj (Cosnr'Lr SaoRT Sro-Y.) If The man must be taught his place and how to keep It; he doesn't know it" '" I think he does, couin Dick." '"Does hel Much you know of the matter, Elizabeth I Anyone can see that yon haven't been here long." The girl raised her eyebrows and smiled. ". How long have you been here, Dick i That is, how long has the estate been the property of the Holden- I "My grandfather was squire for ten years, mryfather for thirty. I myself have been head of the family for ten-" He drew himself up as he answered. Squire Holden ass a "somebody" in the county. The'girl shrugged her shoulders as she cuinted on her fingera in an absent man ner. "What are you calculating, Eliza beth I "Oh, only the years I I findthat, for every ten that the Holdens have held Chitham Hadl, the Revels have possessed Rerelhurat for a hndared. Five hundred against fifty are long odds. Dick." " What do you -mean, Eizabeti 1 You don't seem to care whether Cm insulted or not I' The girl laughed cires'y7, ani her laugh exaspera*ed her cousin to the explosion point. "By HeavenT: he cried, "ll't not answer for myself if the rascal pulls down my hurdle a',ain! There will be mischief done one of these days, mark my words, if the 'yeoman,' as he calls himself, goes too far " " Oh, Dick, Dick!" laughed his cousin. " You need a wife to keep you within bounds." The Squire founced out of the room, unable to control his temper further. " My dear, you irritate Dick too much," said the other occupant of the room, a fair, gentle woman cf fifty-six, the Squire's mother and nominal mistress of Chelham. "He will be doing some thing rash,tt fear." "Oh, he's all right, sunt Anne I I see him going off to the spinney with his1 gun. But what is it sall about Why is he so anzry with the 'yeoman,' as he calls r Revel "' "It's a right of way, my dear. You see, the people have used a short cut between the villages of High and Lower Revel from time immemorial. The path lies aross some fields of Revelhnrut Farm, and croses the brook by a bridge, which the Revels have always kept in repair. The path this side of the water skirts the spinney, and a good deal of damage has been done to the young trees lately-to such an extent that Dick resolved to close the path on his side, and has had a strong hurdle put up at his end of the bridge. Roger Revel asys that he has no right to close the path, and twice the hurdle has been removed-whether by the people or by his order I can't say. But more damage has been done, and Pichard declares that it is Mr Revel's fault He has had high words with him, I believe, and, as your cousin's unfortu nate temper breaks out on the least oppo sition, I am'n terror let it should carry him too far." Elizabeth's lip curled. She looked after her cousin striding away towards the wood. "Why doesn't he marry I He isn't a boy; and a woman of spirit and strong will would keep him and his temper under control," she said, curtly. "I think he will marry if the person he wants gives him encouragement," her aunt said; and ElIzabeth drummed cn the window and frowned. "The person may have a different opi nion "-she smiled, as abhe watched the Squire going briskly towards the wood. "' What difference in distance does the short cut make 1" she asked, suddenly. "More than a mile," answered AMrs Holden. "But come. mv daeJt is tIme u 've matcn some esls at Lerkington." It was a delightful afternoon, and they took a long drive. On their homeward way Mrs Holden pointed out Revelhurst in the distance. "We are quite two miles from It by the road, but the short cut passes its lawn. It is a beautiful old house," she told herIniece; and Elizabeth, looking at the quaint gables and chimneys visible over low trees, could quite believe it. "Has the Squire returned '" asked the mistress of Chelham, when they re entered the Ha!L "No, madam-master is n-t home," answered the butler. "I'm rather glad that Dick Is late. 1 want to rest and be lazy while I can," said Elizabeth, with a laugh, as she poured out tea. " But what noise is that, auntie I He must be back and scolding somecne." A confused sound of excited talking came from below, followed by a woman's shrill scream. Both ladles started to their feet " Good heavens, what can itbe 1 Don't ring,. Elizabeth-go and find out I" fal tered Mrs Holden. In that sedate, well. ordered household a scream was a posi tive terror. Elizabeth Bung open the door and looked from the gallery into the hall beneath'whilst her aunt, tremblin", stood behind her. A number of servants, male and female, crowded together in the space below. Charlesworth-the bailif?-was in the centre. He held by its collar the Squire's dog-Dane-and was talking rapidy. " He's done it, for surs," he was asy. ing, "else why should he be out o' the way, an' this beast a-howlin' In the spinney tied to a tree to keep him from follow In' l" '"And is the pore feller done for?' asked a shaky female voice. "Pretty nigh, I take it-as near done as a-man can be an' yet have breath in ' his body," was the bailif's answer. "What is wrong ? Who is hurt 1 And where is the Squire I' demanded Eliza beth, imperatively. Her heart had died within her at the man's words, but her voice rang out clear as a bell. The bailiff looked up, and she drew in her breath with a stiftled cry at sight of his face. She prayed silently that her aunt might not have seen it. Charlie worth came up the stedrs to answer her. "We found this here bar't tied up in the spinney, a-howling dreadful, miss, and not far sway we came upon Mr Revel, o' Reve!hbur-t, lyin' in the long grass an' ferns. We've taken him home, an' they've sent for the doctor, mia."' No word of his master-no allusion to his longlabsenc! But E!izahbeth knew perfectly well what all those assembled there were thinking. As she turned back into the pretty, cool drawingrocm, Ishe saw her own awful dread reflected in her anat's ashen face. With-ot a cry or a nob, both alike frozen with horror, the two women sank upon the couch. So they remained for some time, till the sound of eager voices and tokens of excitement died away. Then Eiizhabeth Srose, swiftly,.imletuouosly. " Aunt Anne," she saidl, in a strained tone, " I am ?olg to atone for Richard'o sin as far as in me lies. It was I who goaded him into fury by my silly muck ery. I am going to Reveihurat." Her eyes wKere gliitterin feverishly. In the soft autumn twilight they shone like stare. Her aunt looked up hopelessly. "Yes, go," she eald, with strange apathy. " Ichard will not be home to night, so it doesn't matter; we can tell him when he comes barck.' "I don't think they will send me away, aunt You know I am a fully qualified nure of St. Sahina's, and they are not likely to find one here." "No, they will not send you away," her aunt repeated, with stony apathy. "He has no wife, no mother, or sister, I know," said the gi-l, pitifully-" only an old, old grandmother to mourn for Oh, annt Anne, if ItIL in the power of woman, to save him, I1l do it, for your I sake and Dick's' Tell Dick that If he comes home," she cried, p-asionately. I Yes, '1ll tell him, dear," said Mrs Holden. "And I'1 come over, or send early to morrow," said E'izabeth, as she kissod her aunt's pale cheek and hnrried away to her room, where she drsosed herseu hastily in her old hospital uzi!orm. She took the short cat by the bro'k. As she passed the spinney, she had an uneasy feeling that someone was watch ing her; she was certain that she heard the hard breathing of a man behind a cldmp of tall ferns and oung spnruce pines. She paused, her p-oses throb bing. b Dck," she whispered, tremulously ' Dick i" There was no znswer, no sound but the faint rustle of leaves stirred by the even ing breeza, and, half relieved, half frigh tened, she hastened on. The door under the deep porch of Pevelhurst stood wide open, and, when she stepped into the hall, not a sound was audible. A hush as of death or sor row brooded over the place. On either hand were doors ; in front of her a great wide staircase with carved oak balusters wound upward in- the gloom. Almost unconedously she went up, to find her self on a broad landing with passages to right and left. That to the right was dark, but from a door in the other a light streamed- Sure that it must be the room she wanted, she went .forward softly, pushed the door open, and entered. It was no sick room, but a large airy chamber, quaintly furnished, and cheer fal with a bright fire and brilliant lamp. In a handsome carved chair by the hearth, soft cushions around her, and her feet on a high footstool, sat the tiniest, daintiest old Lady imaginable. Attired in a black silk gown. with a soft white shawl and lace cap, she looked like a picture, for her fair old face was peaceful, and the clear dark eyes under the snow white hair were as calm as a child's. She looked at Elizabeth quietly. " Why doesn't Hesba come I have looked for it all round and can't find it," she said, patiently. "It" was some soft knitting dropped beside her cha.r. As Elizabeth picked it up and laid it upon her lap, the sweet old face brightened. "Thank you! You are the new maid, I suppose Will you please to tell Hesba to come Boger must have called her away," the gentle voice said; and ELUa beth suddenly realised that this must be Roger Revel's-grandmother, and she was unconscious of her grandson's dreadful condition. Another request to "call Hesba" sent the girl into the passage with a sob in her throat, though her eyes were hcbet and dry. Another door opened suddenly as she went -out, and three women appeared. The foremost, a house'eeper by her dress, came quickly towards E!!zabeth. "Oh, Nurse, I'm glad you've come so soon! He has turned us out; he says we're no good with master so terribly hurt." She turned back to open the door as she spoke. Elizabeth slipped off her cloak and bonnet, took her nurse's cap from her apron-pocket, delivered the message about Hesba as she pinned it on, and then entered the bedroom softly. A large handsome room it was, with a groat cano pled bed, over which two men were Sbending. One of them looked up as she advanced. " Who is It ' he asked, in surprise. S"I am Nurse Elizabeth Douglas, of St. Sabina's. I am visiting near, and heard of this case. I thought I might be useful," she said, calmly. The doctor's keen glance ran over her as she spoke. "Very good; you may," he said, e curtly; and she took her place at once. With that awful secret in her heart she a worked quietly on, but the nature of the fearful injuries perplexed her. Once she caught the Doctor's eye. murmured. "'o, bludgeoned," answered the Doc tor, and resumed his task; and Eliza. t beth's pale face grew paler. Only when it was all finished-when the broken bones were set, the ghastly wonnds hidden under their bandages, and the still unconscious man had been made i as comfortable as possible-did the Doc tor speak again. r "It depends now on his constitution and your nursing," he said. "I think they may carry him through. But it is a very grave case-were you not so capable, I should say almost a hopeless one. I shall return again at midnight; he may be conscious then. In the meantime, I advise you to rest." She bowed her acquiescence, and the Doctor and his assistant left her to her vigil. As she looked down at the man whose life she had vowed to save, she cried in her heart "I will save him, with Heaven's help I For auntle's sake Dick must not be a murderer." Roger Revel must have been taken un awares. He was taller, broader, and altogether more muscular than Dick; he was older, too-probably ten years older than her cousin, who was thirty-one. Roger was a magnificent Englishman; but his murderous assailant had beaten the splendid strength out of him, and It would take weeks to regain it. Elizabeth sighed as she realised the full measure of her task. Presently her supper was brought by the housekeeper, who talked softly while Elizabeth ate. " Poor malam is in a sad way because \- Ir Roger has not bidden her ' Good night,'" she raid ; "and we daren't tell her. Maybe we'll need to send for Miss Amy. She's a sort of distant connection; but they do say as master is going to marry her." The latter part of the sen tence was uttered in a tone which showed that "3Miss Amy ' was no favorite. E1zebeth smiled. "You mastn't ask anybody till the Dotoer gives permission," she said ; and the housekeeper smiled, too, at being understood. " Oh, Rooer, my dear, why didn't you :ome to say 'Good night I' You should have reminded him, Ward," said a plain tire voice behitd them; and there in the doorway stood a pathetic little figure in a dressing-gown and close muslin cap, calmly regarding them. ' Dear heart alive i" cried the house keeper, starting to her feet in dismay; but Elizabeth'sa hand on her arm re strained her. "Leave It to me," she said quickiy, and went swiftly to that unsteady little igure, behind whom Hesba, a comely conntry maid, stood wringing her hands. E.izabeth took the old lady's arm under her own. "He was tired; his head ached. But you can kiss him now-he is asleep," she said gently, and the piteous old face grew bright again. "So I wll; I won't wake him, my poor lad." And, supported between her maid and Eliiabeth, she went to the bed side. The curtain was drawn back, the soft old face was pressed against that pale one on the plllow,and the girl spoke again gently. " You will sleep comfortably now, and will be better to-morrow," she said, and the tiny tottering figure went happily away with Hesba, whilst MIrs Ward looked with honest admiration at the young nurse's resolute face. i "You do manage wonderful I Nonseof Sus over thought of letting her see master," Sshe sa!d. "She is so old; her mind can retain but one idea at a time. She has seen him, artd she does not dream of illness," said Elizabeth. "She will sleep now, and by to-morrow will be quite content till night comes again." That little glimpse of the tender home. life of Revelhurust did what all the horror and agony of the evening had failed to do I -it gave the overstrained heart the relief cf tears. After Mrs Ware's departure, Elizabeth wept, and when at lsot the tears ceased to dos, she felt stronger and less hope'ess. Time Iassed. It was near midnight, but the doctor had not come again. Her charge had neither stirred nor openedjhis eyes. Elizabeth could hear no sound, and was startled when a maid appeared and beckoned to her to rime into thi "Ii you please, miss, will you come downstairs I" she whispered hoarsely. Elizabeth followed her immediately. In the hall a group of servants were clustered round the ancient oaken settle, on which someone was lying. Mrs Ward, agi:ated and trembling, came forward when she saw Elizabeth. "It a someone needing help, _Nrse he's badly hurt," she said. " lie could only mumble something about master. when he fainted dead away. We thought we had better tell you, as you know what to do." She advanced wi:h some curiosity. The next moment the hall and its occupant3 seemed to be whirling round her, and :he voices all grew faint and far away; for, as the men had turned the prostrate form round, the light fell full upon the uncon scious face of her cousin Dick. Then the sound of a voice caused her to recall her faculties with a wrench, and every nerve grew tense. " Best if it ain't Squire Holden," ex claimed the voice-" him as had the row with master about the right of-way:' Yes, there he lay-Dick, her cousin, the guilty man whose victim it was her most anxious desire to save. What was he doing there under that victim's roof I What had he done to himself 1 Then her heart seemed to cease htcating ; she knew what he had done ! ,Would she ba able to h!de the truth could she, with that deathly-white face, those rigid limbs and blocd- stained clothes to tell the tale 1 She did not know ; but she knew that, with Heaven's he'p, she would try. She knew nothing further clearly until she realised that Doctor Atkins had come back, that the men were taking Dick up stairs, and that she herself was following mechanically the directions which the doctor was giving. " The cases are entirely different," he said, "and.this is the worse, I fear-shot through the shoulder, lost an immense quantity of blood, and the smash on his head terrible!"' The doctor's comments were posit:ve torture to Elizabeth; he could not see I what was most plain to her- that Dick I had made his own death more certain than Roger Revel's. S" You had better return to your post, Nurse; I shall stay here," he told her. And she obeyed. Dick was sensible, but too weak to recognise her in her uniform. She was thinking now keenly. She must save Roger Revel, she determined, and trust to his gratitude and generosity to spare her cousin But, all through the night, Sthe inj reed man made no sign of returning consciousness. She was recalled to herself at dawn by the housekeeper's voice, saying " Here is a cap of tea, miss ; you minst I want it, I'm sure." Elizabeth took it from the housekeeper, and noticed that Mrs Ward looked flur ried and anxious. " I'm so upset, miss," she said. ': That stupid Hesba got talking to Ellen in madam's room, and madam heard. She E is up and dreosed, though it's not six So'clock yet, and she's crying and saying a she must go to Mr Roger, and telling them to fetch Miss Amy. They have much r ado to prevent her coming." A scarlet spot sprang into Elizabeth's white cheeks, and she set down her cop hastily. "Wait here, please, Mrs Ward," she said ; "I won't be long." She had not far to go- only to the next room, "madam's" parlor. The swift nrninn, ,,o h, nI.s almos's overturned Hesba, who had her back against it. Little " madam" was standing by the bed, " weeping bitterly and wringing her hands and imploring the two women who were i doggedly barring her way. I "Roger ! My boy ! 1 must see him I--I must go to him !" "Madam's" streaming eyes sought Elizabeth's appealingly. " Yes, yes-I've come for you. He is asleep, but you shall sit by him," the girl t assured her tenderly ; and, rejecting flesb's tardy help, she guided "madam" to her charge's room. "Now you can watch him nicely till he wakes," she said, when the old lady was settled in the big chair by the bed, with cushions tacked around her comfortably. The patient old eyes looked up wistfally. "If I may just hold his hand," she whispered. At once the bed-clothes were so arranged that the small withered hand might clasp the helpless big one beneath them. Glancing up a little later, the girl was startled to realise that Roger Revel's eyes were open, that he was gazing at her, smiling faintly as he tried to press the soft old fingers laid on his. But, when she trusted herself to look again, she saw that he bad relapsed into slumber, and that " Madam's " fair old face was lying on the pillow beside him. Exhausted by excitement and unused to such early rising, she too was sleeping peacefully. There was a sound of steps in the passage; then Doctor Atkins looked in to see his patient, nodded with eathfac: tion, and went out without speaking. It was dreadful to keep away from Dick, but she dared not run the risk of recognition; she knew he was sensible, for she had heard his voice. She was so absorbed in her anguished thoughts that she was unaware of another presence In the room till she was clasped in a warm embrace. To her horror, the recognised her aunt. "Oh, aunt Annie-aunt Annie-why are you here I You must go ba:k at once !" she gasped, scarcely consclous of what she said. Mrs Holden, pale from anxiety and weeping, yet gentle as ever, regarded her niece with amazement. "Go back at once '" she echoed. " Vhy, dear, they sent for me I Didn't you know that Richard was here I Who has a better right than I to be with him 1 They were kind to send." Of course had they meant it kindly, because they did not know-they did not suspect. Elizabeth wrong her hands in a frenzy of misery. How .ould she tell his mother? " Oh, aunt-aunt 1" she walled, and then stopped like one stunned. Outside in the passage she had caught sight of several men. One of them sherecognised as Mr Lucy. the Justice of the Peace for High Revel; the others were the two county policemen and Captain Barnes, Chief Constable of Lerklngton. Doctor Atkins was in front, and hastened in at her cry. The cry had reached other ears as well. " Madam 'had wakened, and now clung trembling and weeping, to Elizabeth, whom she seemed to reRard as her champion and reinge, and ¶oger Revel had opened his eyes and was gazing round inquiringly. The girl's agony was beyond tears or speech. The worst had happened-Dick was In custody, and the unhappy mother must soon learn the truth. But, even In her own despair, she did her best to soothe the clinging sobbing old lady, terrified by the strange faces and sudden alarm .s ' The doctor went quickly to the bed and bent over his patient. "Mr Revel, we've got your assailant, he's in the next room. He will be brought in for you to identify-him before he is taken off to gaol. You can do that r" He spoke slowly and distinctly, and Roger Revel uttered a low ".Yes," in reply. They were going to bring Dick in there -to have him identlfied I And before his mother's eyes ! Tnat was why she had been sent for, unhappy lady ! But surely they could never be so cruel; it was too barbarous ! And yet-here they were; she could hear them in the c-rridor, coming towards the room. The girl turned sick and giddy. - She cast one despairine look at her aunt and closed her eyes as the tramp of fee: told her that men were in the room, but she heard every word that was said. ",Is this the man who assailed you i" asked Mr Lu:y'a calm voice. " Yes," came faintly from the Injured man. A horrible fascination made E;izibeth open her eyes. The doctor and Mr Lucy were between her and the prisoner but she could see him standing with a police man on each side. With a gasp the girl, still holding " Madam," took a step nearer, and a low cry escaped her-actually a joyful cry. The Jstice snaoke once more. "Yo: know him " he asked. "Very well." answered Roger Revel. " He is Ben Charlesworth, whom I found destroying his master's growing wood. Ah, Ben, you said you would de for me - I think you have pretty nearly !" the injured man panted, with the ghost of a laugh more pathetic than a groan. E:izabeth heard her anst's sobs as Caarlesworth was removed, but little " Madam' needed all her attention: she was moaning and asking why Roger was not getting up. And though she was longing to rush to her cousin's side, to fall on her knees and pray for forgiveness for cherishing her terrible susplcton, the girl was still tenderly reassuring the trembling old lady while piecing things together in her mind. For she knew now that Dick had got his wounds in defending his former enemy. Riow she had wronged him ! What a noble fellow he was ' Could she ever atone for her doabta of him 1 She was so taken up with "MJadsm" and her own regrets that she did not observe the dark gray eyes watching her from the pillow. "Bring my grandmother over here, please, Nurse I She does not understand It will comfort her to hear me speak," said the low unsteady voice. And El;zabeth obeyed, seeing such a look of gratitude in the gray eyes that it sent her from the room to Dick's with a dreadful tightness at her heart. "Oh, Dickle dear, how brave you have been !" was all that she could say as she buried her face in the coverlet. Dick's unbandared hand touched her hair caressingly. "The brute had the advantage of me," he whispered. " I tripped and fell, and he was upon me with my own on." " My dear Nurse Elizabeth," exclaimed the Doator, "why didn't you tel' me you were the Squire's cousin s I should have kept you beside him had I known. She raised her eyes to his steadily. What he reat in them he never told; he was silent then and ever after on the subject. Bat he was frequently heard to express his admiration for Nurse Eiizo beth's fortitude and loyalty. " You see, I had given Charlesworth notice," Richard went on. "BHe was robbing me, and wanted revenge, so he did the damage, and pulled down the hurdles as well. Revel found him out, and was coming to tell me, I think, when the villain sprang out upon him." "Your cousin will soon be all right, Nuree, thought at first I thought his the worst case," said the Doctor. "He can be moved home in a few days, and Mrs Holden will be able to look after him. You will remain here, I hope there will be anxious work for us for weeks to come." Anud her aunt, knowing the gravity of the case and Elizabeth's splendid record at St. Sabina's, raised no objection. Roger Revel was not young. "Besides." reasumd the Doctor con fidentially, " the women In this house are a useless lot.' " But there is a connection-a Miss Amy of whom Madam speaks,' said Elizabeth. The-Doctor laughed. " Ml-s Amy would like to be mistress of Revelhurst, but I don't think its master approves of the plan," he said significantly. A crimson sunset of late October was flashing the windows of "Madam's' parlour, filling the quaint old room with a cheerful glow. By the bright fire the little lady sat, and on a couch in the oriel lay Roger Ravel, while Elizebeth was busy over the tea-table, for her aunt and the Squire had walked up from the Liall that afternoon. Richard was well again, only a little stiffness of the shoulder re malning. " Madam's " plaintive voice broke in on a little pause In the conversation, which had been on the subject of Charles worth's conviction and sentence. " Elizabeth, my dear, I want yob," she said, looking up helplessly. "Can't Hesba pick up those stitches 1' asked her grandson, smiling. "Eliza beth is busy, you see." "No, indeed, Roger l Hesba is very slow. Elizabeth does it better," the old voice persisted. The girl went over and knelt by the big chair to rectify the work which never seemed to progress. " When are you coming home, child 1 It is time you were thinking of it," said Mrs Holden. " Madam'" heard the question, and she made a sudden clutch at the kneeling figure. "Don't leave me i" she cried In piteous tones. "Of course not 1" said itoger from his couch. "But you have been here quite two months," said Mrs Holden. "And we are just a little dull in the evenings at the Hall without you." "But she's not to leave me-Roger says so i" cried "Madam," still holding to her point and to Elizabeth. "fShe can't stay here for ever," said Richard. "Her work is over, and the Hall is her real home, you know." Roger Revel moved uneasily. He looked over at the Squire, and the eyes of the men met. For a moment or two Richard hesitated; then he went over to the couch quietly. "Revel, old fellow," he said huskily, holding out his hand, "the right of way is yours. I-I- Heaven bless you both! You'll make a better husband than I, with my fierce temper, could ever be." It was with a keen pang that Roger wrung the hand so frankly offered, for he understood the full value of his friend's renunciation. "You'll not go, Elizabeth. Promise me," "Madam" Implored. " Amy isn's to come-I won't have Amy ! She is cross when you are not near, Roger." "No, no-Amy's not coming I Eliza beth's going to stay; we can't spare her, and she has promised me," said Roger as he crossed the room and put an arm around each. The old lady looked up radiant. "'And I'm sure she will do all that Amy did!" cried the glad old voice. "She will play when you sing your favourite song. You can play, 'The Yeoman's Wedding-Song '-can't you, Elizabeth"' "No I" said Elizabeth, with a shy little laugh. "But-but I'm going to learn "There I I know'she would learn it l" cried "Mladam" in great delight as she began another row and dropped another half-dozon stitches, which Elifzabeth duti fully picked up again. He: " ~c'uld yenou call for help if I tried to kirs lyou' She: "Would you need it - 