CRIMINAL LIBEL. THE " SUN " CASE. PUBLISHER COMMITTED. [By Wire] Kalgooblie, August 20. (From our own Correspondent.) A charge of criminal libel, at the instance of Rebecca Salinger, against Hugh Mahon. editor of the " Sun," was heard at the Police Court to-day. The alleged libel consisted of the certain defamatory statements published on July 22nd, to the effect that plaintiff had had immoral relations with "«-en W. Gaze. Defendant conducts his own defence. The whole of the witnesses examined, with the exception of the informant, were employes of the " Sun," and refused to give any evidence connecting defendant with the editorship of the paper. After tba case for the prosecution closed, defendant contended there was no evidence to connect him with the Jibe], or that he was editor of the newspaper. The bench reserved their decision till to-morrow. Mrs Salinger also proceeded against Arthur Reid, publisher of the " Sun," in a similar aution. Accused reserved his defence, and was committed to the next Sessions. Reid was also committed on a second charge at the instance of O. W. Gaze. Bail was allowed iu each case in two sureties of £25, and a personal one of £50. Another action on the information of Gaze is pending against Mahon. Owing to the theft of some of their •'props," the members of the Bijou Comedy Company remained in Menzies over yesterday, but the stolen articles have not been recovered. A revolver of much greater value than the average " property fake " was among the articles purloined. In regard to the company's peiformance, it may be mentioned that in " Withered Leaves" the juvenile lead was played by Mr W. Reside, who acquitted himself .with credit in the leading scenes. When the company return they will doubtless receive more ! liberal patronage than was extended to them at their initial appearance in Menzies. Messrs H. Eggeling and J. 0. M'Ardle have been appointed members of the Mulline Board of Health aM Malcolm Board of Health respectively." Excursion fares will .be charged on the Menzies-Kalgoorlie line on August 22nd and 25tii, as a concession to visitors "to the Kal- . goorlie races. The tickcts will be available for return within seven days, jmd a, large number of residents of the nort hern fields have expressed their intention of making the journey. There was a good attendance on Saturday evening at the meeting convened for the , purpose o£ arranging a handicap rifle match. Mr Manton was voted to the clmir, and ., explained the object of the meeting. It was decoded that a handicap .match be held on Wcanesday week, and that all prizes be trophies. The ranges arc to be 100 and 200 yards, seven shots at each mnge, and the nominations, 2s 6d, and acceptance 6d Messrs E. Manton and C. H. Evans were appointed liaiidicappers, aui Mr C. H. Evans secretory pro Urn. Nominations close oil Thursday next. Particulars of the handicap will be published to-morrow. The residents of Mt-Ida. have taken steps to preserve the memory of "Walter B. Wil liams, the pioneer prospector of the district. A railing has been placed around his grave, and a handsome headstone erected. After prospecting at Mt Ida, WiUiairis started to cycle to Menkes in November, 1895. with the intention of applying for . a lease, but • never reached his destination. The tyre of his machine blew out,: and though he attempted to complete the journey he was overcome by tlnrst when three .miles on ttye Ida side of the Ghost Rocks, or about 17 miles from Menzies. His remains wereafforwards discovered, and the enclosure and headstone now erected mark the place of iatermeut close by. In' the matter of attendance, the flower excursion to Goongarrie on Sunday could hardly be termed a success, for v£ry few availed themselves of ,the special train put, on by the department, liut those who did make tlie journey spent a pleasant day, and appeared well satisfied with the outing The climatic conditions were jjerfect—in contrast to .the unpleasant showers Trhich' marred the last excursion—while the flowers were more plentiful and more varied than previously. These excursions, without being wildly exciting or entertaining, afford an aaeeptable break in the dull monotony of goldfields life, and each being the case they j are deserving of every encouragement. t c d 