War Motes^ '? Writing from Marandellas, Rhodesia, on April 29, Private Abercrombie, a member of the Third Queensland Contin gent, says : — We got some new clothes here, such as socks; woollen shirts, good towels, and new .coats ; the underclothes were all from Gympie people, and there was quite a large case of things which thoy had made for us. Mr. Frank Nott, a well-known Bunda bergian, who joined the Third.Confcingent for South Africa, writes from Marandellas, Rhodesia :— The country after leaving Biera was an oye-opener, such magnificent country I never saw. Large plains with here- and there a few trees and the grass is simply wonderful. As we came along we saw several lions aud herds of deers and antelopes. I have spoken to many Free Staters, most of whom were at Stormberg when Gafacre g .t beaten (writes a relative ot Crown Lands Ranger Curtis of Bundaberg) and they don't fear the regulars much, as they make good targets of themselves, but they cannot stand the colonials, as they fight them m their own style. Our orders are the same as theirs, shoot when ever a man shows himself. Lord Roberts has informed the Govern ment of New Zealand that 12 New Zea land prisoners have been released by the Boers. A lady living at Wanganui (N.Z.) has promised to present the town with a peal of bells when peace is proclaimed. A shilling subscription at Dunedin re sulted in £50 being raised to purchase a present for Mr. S. Adalbert Hay, Ameri can C6nsul at Pretoria, for his kindness to the British prisoners. Warrant -Officer~Bond, of the New South Wales Army Medica Corps, wrote by last mail from Bloemfontein to a ''Dailv Telegraph' reporter, thus ,:— « We read with disgust numerous letters wrllten by men here to thoir friends in £ South Wales and other colonies, and which have been handed to newspapers for publication. A great many of these are fabrications. The scribes fall in for a good slating from their comrades here. In fact, Ananias and Bill Adams are back numbers. One corps has collected ;i lot of clippings, and I hear that they are to be read on parade. One individual states that he placed a piece of biscuit in the mouth of a dead Boer, and also relieved the corpse of its boots. This must have ' ecu the man who has been waiting so long for the dead man's shoes. Thank God, I have not seen tuch sacrilege, although it has been my lot to move amongst the dead and wounded more than a great many. Our officers and men treat both Briton apd Boer wouuded alike. At Driefontein 1 was directed to wounded Boers by British soldiers, who showed the greatest sympathy for them.' The shilling fund inaugurated by the Referee and Sunday Times, Sydney, for the purpose of presenting Major-General Baden-Powell with a token of the regard in which he is held by the people of Aus tralia, has closed at £800. The proposal is to present' the hem of Mafeking with the best Australian horse suitable iiv military purposes that money can buy, properly accoutred with saddlery manu factured by Australians from Australian leather, together with a sword of honor, the hilt enriched with Australian gold. In a letter to the Morning Post, Mr. Battersby says: — Every man in the way of fire has his own likes aud dislikes. Some men always bob to a bullet ; others catch their breath at'a shell ; others dread the patter of a Maxim. It is not a question of timidity or of deadliness, but of personal antipathy. Infantry fire is beyond all question most fatal, but many pay less heed bo the whispered -whistle of the bullet tlian to any other of theflying forms of death. There is a bird out here, a little brown bird like a brambling, with a note that exactly mimics the Mauser, and an uncomfortable habib of fluting it in ugly places. The Lee- Metford's note is nearly a third lower, and the Marl.ini has the dull buzz of a laden bee. Between the three there can be no mistaking, but the Boers have four or five other rifles harder to recognise. The Mauser's most melod-' ious period is 1800 yards ; point blank it is nothing bub a nasty nasal sneer, but one may be a poor judge of melody at close quarters. A flat-nosed or 'Dum— dummed' Mauser probably makes a sound which one attributes to some unknown rifle, but the queerest note of all comes from a Mauser spinning the wrong way after a ricochet. It is like the coughing of a sick ghost— indescribably curdling. The worst and best of bullet music is that one always hears it behind one. Two boxes of the Queen's chocolate were brought under the hammer in Lon don the other day. '.'' One was sold for the benefit; of the recipient, Bombardier Kenny, 38 Battery, Royal Field Artillery, invalided home after suffering from en teric fever. It realised -.5'5s. Theother^ sold for the benefit of the recipient, ' J.H. J.', a private iu the Somerset Light Infantry, wounded ab the battle of Co lenso, invalided, home and now in hospital, realised £4 10s! A. J. Hales, in his ' Stories of Oom Paul,' written for the London Daily News says : — 'Men in Britain can scarcely conceive the reverence felt for the greatest of all ?the Boers, old Oom Paul Kruger, by his countrymen and countrywomen.' 