The Loretto Convent. THE NE:W BUILDING, the r aidC hec e::$tly meads tom. '.c:'rs Cf L=r"U , ton ,-' t-ut:e::o -.ear:fr t-as to" r,_ f;a: cc e? oi r ar e S-nd-, L e roLm ti. o b : mae the p :rgr _- ;-atic:es f;o the fnt sad ._ bi izg -. hec c=.-_ _'e 0 i them h?iae pl ben recorded, and in Fr:, . ca stcne . ould be laid on bccday afer:. On ar:rijig at e it! te -h-t" ct . n ,. i1; we W..-e s,?nrs 10 1.-: that s.enh progress had been made, the scze fomn. dlti -s bei.ng we:i up The new b-,ii ing wilt cccpy a pc:.ion i5 . ·ey in frozt of the, dormitory at t- nr.h. east corner, and is pction of a cem. pleted plan prepared by Mr. A. H. Andrews, under ias:roctiros from th. Re-v Mother. The comp:eteid --e will be a comprehenzive one, a-1 c!i tt of an arched brick fi- nt to the psent building, pro idgy-gexra roomsz if:at of the old bui'ding, with exteded wszt at each end. The north wing is :: be a chapel with octagonial front, wh:e the souath ~-ing, which is that now being p:, ceeded with, will consis: of a nasem-n stc.y to be used for a store, bath and dressing, &O.;, rooms, whiLe the upper story 53ft. x a7it., will be a da- ri:::r to accommodate 30 beds. The bui:di· will be constructed with bluestone base on a concrete foundation. the frnt will be brick with cement dressings and surmounted with a ceitic cross, hti e the rear portion wil be ci w"c'. The work is being carried cc: by day labor under the supe?rsia of Mr Andrews. The foundation s:ons was prepared by Mr W. IHowell, and is of Malmsbury blue stone. Punctually at the hour of three o'clxi the Very Rev. Father O'Donohue ap. peared, fully robed, and took up a pri. tion behind the stone to be laid, which was suspended by a tr:p-d, and at the top fiuttered a green fai, to which was a-xed a large painted harp of Ireland. The proceedings opened by the Rev, Father reading the 83rd Psa'm,. which was followed by prayers. He then sprinkled holy water on the p:ace where the stone was to rest, and icilowed that act by p;eparing the bed with a new trowel specially secured for the occasion, The Children of Mary, the boarders, and a number of other girl sang the Litany, A sealed bottle was planed in the re. ceptacle and the stone lowered i.n its place. The inscription on the sto:e was -" This stone was laid by the Very Rev John O'Donoghue, P.P., April o2, :9:o." The stone was blessed by Father O'Donoghue, who, placing his hand cn it, said " In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this fir?t stone in the fouJdation, in the name of the Father, Son, an2 H;oy Ghost, that the true faith mar fcur"rh here, and the fear of God and ifranteal charity, so that this place may be des? tined for prayer to evoke and prai~- the name of Jesus Christ, who with the Father and Holy Ghost liveth and reign. eth. and in whose name this stone is laid." The stone was marked by the sign of ths cross on its surface three times, and sprinkled with holy water by the friest, who then read the 86th Psalm, followed by prayers, and the singing of the hymn "Jesus Open my Eyes and Heart." The oficiating priest said his duties were at an end, but he would ask the Mayor to see the stone was properly laid. Mr Hanlon, after testing the stone by level and plumb, said he had been invited by the Sisters of Loretto to be present, but he did not think he would be called upon to take any part in the ceremony, However, he could only re-express the hope he had uttered at the opening of the Fair, that the movement would be a sec cess, which it appeared to be. He was one of those who believed that these good ladies do a large amount of gocd, charitable, work, and did it m a trte Christlike manner, and made no preten tions about it, He was pleased to be present to see the stone laid, and sincerey!r hoped the venture would be a succens even beyond their expectations. The Rev, J. O'Donoghue thanked Mr Hanlon for his expressions, He might say this was the first stone he had laid, and it could not be done without the authority of the Bishop, whose saction had been given. He hoyd the building would prove a success, and grow into a very big one of several stories, and flourish and continue to flourish long after those who had witneesed the ceremony that day had gone to their long home, 