CURRENT JOTTINGS, — ? ^ Apparently, the most serious por tions of both the war and the plague have been conquered, but unfortunately it seems very clear that both will still continue to trouble us for some con siderable time. Old man Kruger, while valiantly declaring that he will stand and tight to the last, is get ting over the ground at a wonderfully good pace for his years — considering that he is credited with having com mandeered a cool million pounds to pay for little necessaries along bis journey. He can be counted out, perhaps, but he has left two very dangerous men behind him in Botha and Meyer, for both are well skilled in strategy, and know how to play upon the pas sions of an ignorant people also. Like Kruger, Botha and Meyer have pro claimed that they too will fight to the last ; the idea of all being, as Rruger plainly states, that a species of guerilla warfare will compel Great Britain to retain 100,000 soldiers in South Africa to keep the country in order. What good that will do the Boers, or anybody else, is hard to see, and it is not at all likely that an agricultural people will stick long to the guerilla game. It will not be a difficult thing to run the guerilla leaders down, and once they are removed, the war can be considered as over. ? * * As regards the matter of 'con- ditional peace ' occasionally mentioned, that is now out of the question alto gether, and I quite agree with the English critic who sensibly says that it would now be a fatal mistake for Great Britain to cry ' Enough !' until the control of South Africa is vested in her, absolutely and unconditionally. It would be bad for British prestige, and worse for the Boers both of the Trans vaal and of the Orange Free State, for they have made it abundantly clear that there can and will be no rest for South Africa until these Republican States have become merged into the British- Government. I doubt if the Boers need lose a single reasonable privilege that is now theirs ; I am cer tain that they will ruu no risk in losing a single sliver of their property, if they come, and come they must, under British administration. But there can be no ' conditional peace.' There can, and probably soon will be an uncon ditional surrender on the part of Mr. Kruger and Mr. Steyn, but there can be no question of either of these gentle men retaining any power over the future destinies of the South African Colonies, or over the native people whom they have so consistently ill treated. W * -m Our own little war bill will arrive in due time— let no patriotic soul have any doubts about that ; and, although no friendly financiers may chase us round in order to stuff a roll of five million £1 notes in our pocket, still, when the momenb for settling up ar rives, the money will be on hand also. At least that is a matter devoutly to be wished, for a little bird from the Barracks— a 'little butcher-bird '—- informs me thab late war-settlements have been made in a style that would delight) the soul of the famed Wilkins Micawber himself. None of the war supply contracts have seen the color of the War Office coin yec ; bat all their accounts have been promptly forwarded to the Treasury, where a cheerful clerk has carefully written 'Gall again ' across tbe corners, and placed them in a fine, large pigeon-hole, where neither moths nor rats can enter to destroy them. Splendid assets are to be found at the Barracks also in the shape of countless cases, marked ' Soldier's Comforts,' which have been sent along by the women of this colony, whose patriotism is only equalled by the thoughtful ness and shrewd con sideration. ? # ♦ Looking over some of the multitu dinous articles indispensable to the rough, gore-stained life of the tented field, I was delighted to find pillows, soft as eider down, and bordered with the moat lovely lace that even the heart of a Potts' Point peeress could desire, while the mosquito curtains, and in fact all the bed comforts are of so voluptuous a texture as to remind one of the Oriental magnificence de picted in the pages of the ' Arabian Nights.' The ' slumber- robes,' do nated for the use of the 'Johnnie Cornstalk,' from |C Casey's Curse,' and his brother braves from Out Back, are simply nocturnes in nightmil linery, and as for the priceless pyjamas — well, it was but poor praise to say that ' Not Solomon, himself was ar rayed iu one of these!' The only drawback conceivable to all this gar mental glory is that ' Johnnie Corn stalk' will never know how to get into the dainty draperies right end first ; and even if he does, he will never be able to scramble out in time to prevent a nasty Boer man from jabbing his rifle-barrel into tbe lovely lingerie, and ripping it up ' even from Dan to Becrsheeba' — or words to that effect. ? * * Evidently war is not the glorious game il is cracked up to be, for one of oar truthful South Coast soldiers says : 11 War is not what I expected, nor are all the glorious and daring deeds done that the papers would have you to be lieve. I consider fifty per cent, of the men here will never see a Boer on the field, and more than half who are killed and wounded hardly know where the shot came from that struck them. It is mostly long range fighting. Almost all of our fellows are sick of the war, and wish it was over. Five months roughing it is enough for any one. We see where a lot of stuft has been sent to the soldiers, but all. we have seen yet is our khaki suit. It we go on to Pretoria it will mean another three months for us at least ; but I hope Kruger will soon give in. No one will be sorry. Soldiering is like everything else, a little of it is right enough, but too much fills you up.' Very true. Occasionally it fills you up with lead, and that is the worst kind of soldiering that can be experienced. * ? ? Judged by the old-time standard, the Transvaal campaign will prove a capital one for those who live to see id through. Tbe loss of officers on the British side has been simply appalling, and as a natural sequence, the gain is very great to the survivors who stand next on the list. Amongst other de plorable records, the Tnniskilling Fusiliers lost fourteen out of seventeen officers in the desperate struggle at Grobler's Kloof Hill. Tbe doughty deeds of that dauntless company recall portions of the Old Testament, which tell how an army went forth to battle and was ' out to pieces,' but by some marvellous means of reconstruction and recuperation, it speedily went to the front, where it was carefully ' cut to pieces ' as before. After the crude carnage at Grobler's Kloof Hill, the indomitable Inniskillings turned up at Pieter's Hill, where they were ' simply mown down,' among their slain being the Colonel, both Majors, and two Senior Captains. And then we read of the lion-hearted Colonel Hunt, who nearly lost his reason when he dis covered that at the Colenso carnage he had lost every brother officer on his battery of Royal Artillery. This war has certainly been bloody enough to make the ghosts of the grim fighters of old form in lino on the Elysian Fields, and howl over their enforced inaction. ♦ ♦ ? Parliamentary attention js to be drawn (and not a day too soon) to tbe wretched character of some country post-office quarters, with a view of remedying a grievance long borne both by the public and the Government officials. The main idea in planning some post-officeB seems to be to spend most of the money voted upon fancy fronts and decorations for the outside in general, while the inside accommo dation could not have been more miserable had a £100 prize been given for the most unsuitable design. While one of those fair outside, but foul within, buildings were beiog erected, the postmistress pointed out that no provision had been made for a bath room. 'Ob,' replied the lordly in spector, 'the department does not consider that a bathroom is required.' ' A bathroom not required !' exclaimed the lady, ' why, how do you expect me to keep my children clean ?' 'Well,' returned the distinguished official, ' you might ? tub ' them every Saturday night in the kitchen !' Then another bright idea came to him, and he farther explained: 'The depart ment really doesn't see the necessity for a postmistress having children at all !' ' Thank you,' said the lady, ' please sit down ; ray husband will be home soon.' But the great man said his time was too precious, and he had to go where duty waited. * * * . It is significant of much to find that although a considerable number of divorces have been granted in Sydney of late, scarcely any public attention has been given to them at all. Famili arity is either breeding indifference, or married couples are falling off in the matter of inventing cunning cruelties and aggravating annoyances to justify a ' falling out.' There was a time, and not very long ago either, when some of the disclosures made in that matrimonial garbage-box, the Divorce Court, plainly proved that that refine ment of cruelty which some of the old Roman Emperors used to play off on their slaves waB not wholly unknown to certain husbands, who took a fien dish delight in torturing those, unfor tunate women whom they had sworn to love, honor, and protect. In one case it was shown that a husband, who possessed a vein of humor peculiar to himself^ used to throw a little warmth into his wife's devotions by setting fire to her nightdress as she knelb at her evening prayers. Another jocular gentleman's favorite conjugal amuse ment was to drive his unlucky spouse round the bedroom whilst he flicked her bare neck and shoulders with a wet towel — a piece of devilry equalled only by the inhuman warder of the 'bad old days,' who used to compel convicts to work barefooted on top of a ' bull dog ' ant bed, ' just) to see them do a step-dance.' ? ? ? ? The husband does not have all the fun in those domestic sports, however, judging from the pitiful appeal of a son of toil, who, in a voice thick with emotion, said to a friend at midnight, 'Ob, Murphy, have ye no pity for a inaan who has to go home and face his woife at this unholy hour !' To which the friend encouragingly replied, ' Brace up, Tim, brace up, and thank heaven that it's not a Mormon, nor the Sultan av Turkey, yeare this moment!' In some portions of what are now called the Dis-United States of America a fear like that would seem to justify a divorce. In one of those States a husband secured a separation because his wife ate seed cake in the bed, and wouldn't let him go to sleep, but the first prize in this lino must bo given to the man who divorced bis wife because she insisted on keeping a colored ser vant-woman who always spat in the frying-pan to ascertain if it was hot enough to fry in. Marriage would seem to be something of a failure after all, for in some cases the honeymoon bliss is exhausted before the bride has had time to pick the last of the ' good luck ' thrown rice out of her back hair. ? # ? The Transvaal trouble being prac tically over Mr. Reid has kindly con sented to keep up public excitement to the best of his power by playing the part of Kruger, and laying siege to the citadel of the Government. The first battle came off on Saturday last, when the rebel leader scored a small win at Canterbury, Commandant Sydney Smith having defeated the Government Cham pion, Mr. Taylor, by only five votes As over 1000 votes were polled this this was a decidedly close 6have, but the Uralla-Walcha election Mr. Pid dingt on had nearly 2 to 1 victory over Mr. Lonsdale. The Canterbury elec tion caused some little stir, chiefly through the attitude of Mr. Reid, who, while proposing Mr. Smith, made a speech about three times as long as that of his candidate, the main pur port of it being a fierce but frothy de nouncement of the Lyne Ministry This looks as though the valuable time of Parliament: will be frittered away at the opening of the Session by another weary old struggle for supremacy be tween tbe Ins and the Outs, for so far as appearances go the chief charge Mr. Reid can make against the Gov ernment is that it is a Government — simply that and nothing more. The idea of wrecking the Ministry over a petty squabble between the police and certain bookmakers is absurd, parttcu laly as Mr. Reid seems to be wholly misinformed about the matter, and it would be to his credit to lee that por tion of his programme drop out with out any further comment. Anyway the Government is far too strong for ' Kruger ' Reid just now, and so he might as well let the House get to genuine public business as soon as pos . sible. LTJKBJ SHARP. Mr. W. H. Rees, as secretary of tbe Kembla Harbor League, wrote to Sir W. J. Lyne some weekslago, congratu lating him on his accession to the knight* hood. Sir William has now written thanking Mr. Rees for his felicitations. 