Mysteries of Crime. .In 1880 a woman's body was dis covered iix a cellar, under the pavement, of a fine mansion in I-I arley-s tree t. The butler of the family in cleaning out the cellar Came upon a cask, and within that cask he found the body preserved in quicklime, which had been used, no doubt, villi the idea of preserving it, but the opposite result followed. Decomposition had, however, gone too far to - make recognition possible, and tbere was never the slightest clue to tho identity of the criminal, or of that of .tire' .murdered person. The woman had b'feen stabbed to the heart. Nothing whatever was elicited in the house it self.; It had' been occupied by the same gentleman, its proprietor, an unimpeacli- -ably respectable person, for. at least twenty years, and he could throw no light whatever upon the mystery. _Even where a body has been clearly identified, and witMu a short space of jflnie, the solution has not 'beexx reached. Let .us take-some of the less familiar .cases as recorded in -the criminal his tory of other countries. There was the murder of " the pretty cigar girl," as she was called, Mary Rogers, of New York— the foundation, indeed, of Edgar Allen Poe's famous stox-y, " The Mystery of Marie Itoget," although he: placed the scene of the crime, in. P.aris. >Iary Rogers left her home; .one :ev.eiiing for a walk in Hobo- ken, von; the: Jersey side of the Hudson Riyciy,,'audj was never afterwards seen alive.; Somqjvdays later her body was found floating in. North River ; she had been sti-ankled liy her own -lace. 'fichu.. By-audttxy'/the' traces of a fierce and mortal struggle were found in a neigh bouring Wood, and in due course several arrests -were made, all of men supposed to -have been desperately in love with 'Mary Rogers. Every one was able, ho wever,; to establish his innocence, al though one, by named Payn, subse quently committed suicide near where the crime was perpetrated. This mysterious murder agitated' the whole of the United States to an extent unparalleled, except by the murders of Presidents Lincoln and Gax-field, and no satisfactory clue was ever obtained. Not long ago, at the death of the to bacco lixerchant who had been Mary Itogei-s's employex-, and who as years passed 'had become a very wealthy man, certain.' facts were said to have come out which in a ineasux-e implicated lxiin with the crixne ; but these do not seem to have been uxox-e than a vague story -bf his being hannted on liis deathbed in Pax-is by the ghost of the murdered girl. Other cases of a similar kind have occurred in the United States. There was the murder of Saralx Cor nell, who. was at -first thought, to have hauged herself, then said to have been killed by a Methodist minister ; but he was acqui tted, -. and the deed, now proved to be one of violence, was al ways a mystery. So was that of the girl fished up froxxx the-, bottom of Manhattan well, in -the days when New York: was a small place; but the murderer who had first stran gled, then thrown, Gulielma Sands dqwxi the well was never discovered. — From "Cassell's Family Magazine" for April. - 