CRITERION THEATRE. Mr. Alfred Dampier continued his scheme of weekly Shakespearian evenings by producing " Hamlet " at the Criterion Theatre last night. There was a considerable attendance, and when it is realised that the works of the great master are only staged for a run every three years or so it has to be admitted freely that these one-night re- vivals at the Criterion serve an educational purpose for youthful playgoers. To those who have often seen the tragedy on an elaborate scale, and with a fine cast, the -drawback in viewing the present revival of " Hamlet " will be found in the inadequacy of the support. The artistic interest centres too wholly in the star. This is the case even more so than it was in the " Merchant of Venice," for although the feminine support accorded Mr. Dampier has never been a strong point, in " Hamlet " he still further weakens his company by omitting Miss Lily Dampier, whose robust type of good looks would assuredly have fitted her for the part of the Queen. Mr Alfred Dampier's view of Hamlet will be readily recalled by all who have seen him in the character His Hamlet is, as he should be, eminently sane and the water delivered the splendid lines which fall to the cart M admirably as ever. Indeed, at the close of the "Oh, what a rogue and peasant slave am I " soliloquy, the rich and vibrant tones stirred the house, and there was a spontaneous outburst of enthusiasm, Mr. Dampier's in- j terpretatura of the port is not very dissimilar from that of Mr. Wilson Barrett, the reading being full of intelligence and carefully-thought-out points, but not eufl-oicn.ty re. sleeve and irresolute at bottom to realise every mile of Hamlet's character. Coleridge, where he says of the Prince of Denmark " he vacillates from sensibility, and procrastinates from thought, and loses the power of action in the energy of resolve, with the result that he is constantly abstracted from the world without depicts the melancholy and reflective Hamlet that we somewhat miss at the Criterion, However, it is important to note that Mr. Alfred Dampier's impersonation is full of interest, and one that all playgoers will follow with respectful attention, Miss Rose Dampier proved a gentle though some. what colour leas Ophelia, Mr Edmund Holloway delivered his lines with solemnity as the ghost, and Mr. John Forde was dignified, though almost too proxy, as Folomus, Miss -atbenne Russell's appearance as Queen Gertrude proved her recovery from a serious illness, and from that point of view was welcome, and the cost also include. Mr. F C. Appleton as the king, Mr. W. Howard Smith as Horatio, Mr Alfred Rolfe as Laertes, and Mr George Buller as -rut gravedigger. Mr, Alfred Dampier, who was warmly applauded as occasion arose throughout the evening, will reappear as Hamlet next Friday. This evening Mr. Dampier will revive Henry Pettifer drama of rustic life, " The Green Lanes of England.,'' New scenery has been painted, showing the green lanes in summer and in winter, the old sluice house, and the interior of an old granary. Mr, Dampier will resume his old character of Gentleman George, in which he will recite "The Charge of the Light Brigade," and the cast will include the following artists Farmer Wheatstone, Mr. Edmund Holloway ; Captain Frank Selby, Mr. Alfred Rofe j Gus tavua Jones, Mr W. Howard Smith, Bill the Slogger. Mr John Forde ; Clara Selby, Miss Rose Dampier ; Margaret Wheatstone, Miss Lily Dampier ; fee, 