6*1 f.;f LETTERS AND THE ARTS. " MIDSUMMER FIRES. Thk author of " ULeimat," or, as the play is known in English, " Magda," lias written riai.d produced a> new play 'which, lie calls . " Joha-n neafeuer." That fact alone' is of high, literary in terest, for Herr SudermaJin is the greatest.; of German novelist dramatists, and his new play has -.literary and physiological interests of its own which entitle. it to> prompt consideration. Its title means "Midsummer Fire," and alludes to- an old heathen, custom in East Prussia by which a. bonfire festival was held on a certain night in midsummer (Johaimesnacht), a. custom which is still observed. The play is of coil temporary times, and its idea and significance is described by the author in-the toast which he puts-into his hero's mouth. " A spark of heathendom smoulders in us all. It comes down from the times of the olcl Teutons, and lias outlasted the centuries. Once in the Photo, by Johr,.stone O'Slmrmcsy & Co. Ltd, MR. FREDK. C. McCUBBIN". 5'cnr it blrrsts into* 11ame, and tlion w.e call it. ' Johannes-feuer,' One night in the yeacr is tfrcsi->yes, free.. Then, "with jeering laugh ter, tli G1 witches ride up to the Blocks berg on broomsticks, tlie same broomsticks with which their witchcraft is at other times thrashed out of tliom; then, tli.e wild hus- V sweeps through the. forest; then awaken in -our hearts the wild wishes which life has not ful filled, and, be it clearly understood, clared not fulfil." Tho bonfires of the. festival a.ro " tho ghosts of our stifled wishes', the red -plumage' of the birds of pna'adiso which we might p.erha.ps have cherished. all our lives long, but which lin.ve flown away from us," ... * # * . , V' Tli© first sce.no> of tho play shows tho home of » old iVogol router, whoso daughter. Trude-'iss to bor married; on tho. following day.-to lior cousin Q'Eioi'gei; voax Hartwig, a. Konigsberg builder., a man of. independent character who, in spite of hisi. father's failure and suicide, suoceotls in malc mg a. good position for himself in life. He has been brought, .up ,by his tmcloi Vogolreutor, who is a bluff ma« without any considera.tioai for..the younger man's, sensitiveness, for Hartwig is keenly comsoiotis. that ho owes .his education and bringing-up to. his unolo, "When tho question, of Trudete dowry corner to bei discussed tia twoen tli,® two. men, young Hartwig raises tho old man's' anger by refusing, to* accept it, thus causing a foaling of revolt on the part of Hart wig, which has the effect of almost wrecking the happiness; of tJi© betrothed couple. Another member of the Vogelreuter lion.se ? hold is an, adopted daughter who stands in some thing of the same relation, as Ha.rtwig himseif. These young pcopl© had been in love with oach other from their youth hut in an unconfessed and silent way. The girl, Marikke, was the-child . of a. dissolute woman, a Lithuanian beggar, thief and drunkard, who had thrown herself and her baby in front of Vogelreuter's sleigh on a memorably severe winter's niglit. He adopted the chi'.d, while li.er mother dragged out her life from prison to prison., a. constant menace to- the Vogelreuter family. Marikke knows her self unfit to1 be Hartwig's wife, and with the ssif-sacrifice which always characterised her in the house of her benefactor, where she had he come the good fairy or " cricket" (Heimchen), she devotes herself loyally to preparing the new home at Konigsberg for the young couple. * # * Then the night of tlie Miclsirmmer Fires comes, and Marikke, with her mother's thieving in stinct suddstnly awakened in her, determines to steal the love of Hart wig, and, under the heathenish influences of the festival of freedom, he falls a. momentary victim, to hsr wiles. .Bui MISS LUCY E. KEMP-WELCH, Painter of tho picture, "I-Iorscs Bathing in the Sea," recently added to tlae Melbourne Public Galjoyy. \----:- V.'.VWA'., . Maa-ikke renounces the* clafaftffilron\ lii^-rtove ?which she had won. amid tut'""frfE'ssaf the " Johanriesnaclvb," and Ifartwig marries Trude. * * * "* The character of Marikke is the moat impres sive in the.' play, resembling in conaidornble measure the heathenish but stn.unoh figure, of Reginac in the same writer's, great novel, " J)gv , Katsenteg," known in the English translation as "Reginau" George von Hart wig is too, philosophical and contemplative a. hero to bo . altogether convincing in the bright glare of tho stage, bxvb would appeal' more real and phvusibla in the images of a> novel. As, a* play, " Johari nesfouor" suff ers from the absence of the1 tragic note, especially in itsi concluding scenes, whore thoseilf-saorificeioifMaHkke1 strikes ai note out of tunoi with tlie> preceding scenes.1 Ib is, however, vdistingiushed' by more than one fine ohii,rnoter study,- especially that of Hilfspredigcvr HnfTko, one of the strongest human, studios Sudermann has ever created. 1 The play is distinguish p.d by that spirituality and poetic symbolism that characterise this. author's .writings, and is even stronger and: bettor work, more deep and true; than anything ho has previously written for the stage. It has. more kinship with his novels, in deed, than his plays, and perhaps for that reason it lacks much of the meritri clous effectiveness that makes for success in dramatic work, 