CHAPTER IV. Dolores knew that there was do time to reflect as to what she should do in her father found her hiding in the embrasure, and yet in those about seconds a hundred possibilities flashed through her disturbed thoughts. She might slip past him and run for her life down the corridor, or she might draw her hood over her face and try to pretend that she was someone else but be would recognise the hood itself so belonging to Inez, or she might turn and lean upon the win- dow sill, indifferently, as if she had a right to be there, and he might take her for some lady of the court, and pass on. And yet she could not decide which to attempt, and stood still, pressing herself against the wall of the embrasure, and quite forgetful of the fact that the bright moon- light fell unhindered through all the other windows upon the pavement, whereas she cast a shadow from the one in which she was standing, and that anyone coming along the corridor would notice it and stop to see who was there. There was something fateful and paralysing in the regular football that was followed instantly by the short echo from the vault above. It was close at hand now ; she was sure that at the very next instant she should see her father's face, yet nothing camp, except the sound, for that de- ceived her in the silence, and seemed far nearer than it was. She had heard horrible ghost stories of the old Alcazar, and as a child she had been frightened by tales of evil things that haunted the corridors at night, of wraiths and goblins and Moorish wizards who dwelt in secret vaults, where no one knew, and came out in the dark, when all was still, to wander in the moon- light, n terror to the living. The girl felt the thrill of unearthly fear at the roots of her hair, and trembled, and the sound seemed to be mag. Tiified till it re-echoed like thunder, though it was only the noise of an advancing football, with a little jingling of spurs. But at last there was no doubt. It was close to her, and she shut her eyes involuntarily. She heard one step more on the stones, and then there was silence. She knew that her father had seen her, had stopped before her, and was looking at her. She knew how his rough brows were knitting themselves together, and that even in the pile moonlight his eyes were fierce and angry, and that his left hand was resting on the hilt of his sword, the bony brown fingers tapping the basket nervously. An hour earlier or little more, she had faced him as bravely as any man, but she could not face him now, and she dared not open her eyes. " Mudara, are you ill, or in trouble ?" asked a young voice that was soft and deep. She opened her eyes with a sharp cry that was not of fear, and she throw back her hood with one hand as he looked, Don John of Austria was there, a step from her the light full on his face, bareheaded, his cap in his hand, bending a little towards her, as one does towards a person one does not know, but who seems to be in distress and to need help. Against the whiteness without he could not see her face, nor could he recognise her muffled figure. " Can I not help you, Madam ?" asked the kind voice again, very gravely. Then she put out her hands towards him and made a step, and as the hood fell quite back with the silk kerchief, he saw her golden hair in the silver light. Slowly and in wonder, and still not quite believing, he moved to meet her movement, took her hands in his, drew her to him, turned her face gently till be saw it well. Then he, too, I uttered a little sound that was neither a word nor a syllable nor a cry-a sound that was half fierce , with strong delight as his lips met hers, and his hands were suddenly at her waist lifting her I slowly to his own height, though he did not know it, pressing her closer and closer to him, as if that one kiss were the first and last that ever man gave woman. A A. minute passed, and yet neither he nor she could speak. She stood with her hands clasped round his neck, and her head resting on his breast just below the shoulder, as if she were saying tender words to the heart she heard beating so, loud through the soft black velvet.' She knew that it had never beaten in battle as it was beat- ing cow, and she loved it because it knew her and welcomed her but her own stood still, and now and then it fluttered wildly, 'like a strong young bird in a barred cage, and then was quite still again. Sending his face a little, he softly kissed her hair again and again, till at last the kisses formed themselves into syllables and words, which she felt rather than heard. " God in heaven, how I love yon-heart of my heart life of ray life-love of my Soul !" And again he repeated the same words, and many more like them, with little change, because at that moment he had neither thought nor care for anything else in the world, not for life nor death, nor kingdom nor glory, in comparison with the woman he loved. He could not hear her answers, for she spoke without words to his heart, hiding her face where she heard it throbbing, while her lips pressed many kisses on the velvet. Thou, as thought returned, and the first thought was for him, she drew back a little with a quick movement and looked up to him with frightened and imploring eyes. (To be continued.) 