FROM ALa QOUARTERS, FrTace lhas a woman'.dlaily paper run for women by women, the "Paris La Fronde." The proprietress and ellitress, Madame Du rand, is more thul shrewd. There isn't a malo creature in the establishment. The first issue sold 200,000. Longfellow used to tell with glee that on one occasion an English gentleman called upon him in America without an Introduc tion, apologising by saying, "Mr. .Long fellow, as there are no rulns In this coun try for a .traveller to look at, I have come to see you!" Prince Bismarck was the hero of a score of duels, in only one of which he received a wound, and that was by a mere accident -his ropponent's sword broke off at the handle, and the blade struck the Prince in the face, cutting him slightly. HIowever, when the "Man of Iron's" duelling days were over he took to manufacturing paper on quite an extensive scale, many reams finding their way into the English market. The Prince was said to be an excellent man of business, with a watchful eye on the doings of the world's paper markets. When the Prince of Wales alludes to his mother, 'His Royal Highness always uses the words, "My mother the Queen." The Duke of Yorki he lnvariably refers to as "My son the Duke of York." On the Con tinent such simplicity is tabooed; the utter ances of 'the mighty are controlled by strict and formal etiquette. Dr. Gatling, the inventor of the murder ous Instrunent that bears his name, is a benign and very mild and patriarchal looking man of sioence, who hasfor a long time now been chiefly occupied In perfect ing an automobile steam plough, and it is not long since that he-as to whom it is asserted that his gun has killed 300,000 human belngs-devoted his Inventive bmrin to devising a now means for roasting an ox whole, such an appliance being required for a huge Sunday school plicnic..He is also the chairman of many philanthropic sociee ties, which he liberally supports with money he has solely derived from the man hiller. Seven out of every 10,000 inhabitants of tihe United States are deaf and dumb. The affliction is much less commnon among the negroes than among the whites. The only European country which has' a 'lower death-rate than England is Norway, Austria, a country remarkable for its large eaters, has the highitest death- rate. One can go round the world and touch on British territory all the way- namely from England to Hallifax, N.S., across Canada to Vancouver, across the Pacicle to Honglckg, thence to Singapore, Penang, Mauritius, Capetown, St. IHelena, an'd England; or, from Penang to Ceylon, Bombay, Aden, Perim, YMalta, Gibraltar, and home. This is a "sea connection" that no other nation in the world possesses. The finest human skeletons ever put on the London, Paris, and Berlin markets are the remains of the Dervishes who were slain at Omdurman. Two hundred of these skeletons have been brought to London, The normal supply of skeletons in times of peace comes from pauper wards or gaols. Battlefleld skeletons, with broken or shaj~' tered bones, are sold, if at all, at lower prices. A perfect skeleton Is worth In Lon don or Paris from £8 to £11. In the United Kingdom no less than 349 peerages and baronetcies have been created since 1880. Thus, as only 140 have become extinct, the number of hereditary 'titles has been increased by 209. There has also been 749 knights added ,to the total. Companions of orders' of knighthood have been swelled by 1500. Allowing for one man having several titles, it yet appears that this year, 1900, there are at least a thousand more titled and decorated persons than there were in 1880. Three thoosand one hundred and twenty nive, according to the official records, Is the number of bat ties fought during the Ameri can Civil War. The war commenced on the 13th of April, 1861, when Fort Sumter, Oharleston, was taken by the six seceding States which had formed themselves into the Southern Confederacy, and elected Jet ferson Davis their President. The war con tinued until 'April, 1805, when the Con federate Generals Leo and Johmistdu sur rendered, President Davis being captured on the 10th of May following. It is estimated that at the present rate of growth, London, which now has a popu lation of 5,057,000, will in 1911 have over 13,000,000. An "electrical char- woman" is tho latest househdld novelty reported from America. Brushes and driers are connected with a motor, and on touching a button the "char-woman" starts scrubbing the loor. Siberlia, so far from being a country of desolation, is as green and fertile a ldand as Australia. There Is room in Siberia for 20,000,000 colonists, and an abundant liv ing for them all, without drawing upon the extensive mineral resources of this wonderful country. The estimated population of greater Mel bourne at the end of 1899 was 477,700. There was a net increase during the year of 7876, the excess of births over deaths being 5110\. The highest e estimated population during the decade was in 1801, when It reached 191,700. It Is generally supposed that more men are hilled by artillery than infantry fire.' This is a totally erroneous notion, as from medical reports. It would appear, that the rule is responsible for nearly 00 per cent. of our billed. In the Franco-German war it was estimated that 9690 Germans were killed nby rifle bullets, and only G695 by artil lery lire. Drinking and drunkenness are largely increasing in the United Kingdom, side by side with teetotalism. No less than £3 16s per head- man, woman, and child-now goes In liquor, and deaths from alcoholism have risen in 20 years 18 per cent, for men, and more than double for women. .The indicntlons are 'that moderate drinkling is slowly being wiped out-the extremists are winning, both sides. At a conference held recently in Chicago, under the auspices of the National Anti Trust League, a scheme of national organi sation was adopted. Resolutions were pass ed askling Congress to secure government control of the telegraph and telephone sys tems and the railways, and recommend ing the adoption of the system known as direct legislation, in order "to make gov ernment once more, os of right it ought to be and as was conceived alike by Thomnas Jefferson and Abrahnm Lincoln, a govern ment of the people, for the people and by the people." F It is very Interesting to know how col ours are nesed or selected by the Royal families as being their very own. To England the only Royal familly of mod ern times which has selectedl it belongs scarlet, which Is very effective. The Royal households of Portugal, Russia, Sweden, and some of the German Princes wear blue, Russia chodses dark green, and Austria delights in black and yellow. Most people imgline scarlet was selected on account of the red nose of the Plnnta genets, but this Is not true. It was adopted itom the old gulce of the Royal Standard, and from Henry's adoption of the scarlet dress of the Yeomen of the Guard. According to the'" New York Times," 250 valuable prizes were competed for by 3000 players who toosk part in the progres sive uchro party held In the Grand Cont-al Palace recently, in aid of thlo Church of St. Philip Norl, Belford Park, of which the Rev. Dr. Burke is pastor. Amnong the prizes was a solid silver tea service given by the Rev. Dr. dalor Burtsell. The other prizes consisted of various articles of Jewellery, and an armry of artistic sou venirs. Many prominent priests and laymen occupied boxes during the game, and a largo number of people, in addition to the players, attended the reception which fol lowevd the distribution of prizes. dI. Bloch, in his work, The War of the Future," gives an opinion, from which one may guess who will win in thei present war. Primarily, he says, 'the quality of toughness or.capacity of endurance, of pa tience tinder privation, of stubbornness under reverse and disappointmeat-that element in the lvil population will be, more than anything else, til deciding factor in modern war. The men at the front will very speedily be brought to a deadloclk. Then will com'e the question as to how long the people at homo will be able to keep on providing the men at the front With the necessaries of life. ' That is the first factor. The second factor, wbhich perhaps might take procedence of the moral qualities, s whether 'or not t Is physically possible for the population left behind to supply the armies in front with what they they need to carry on the camtpaign. The French 'Riviera refuses to be com forted for the lack of the Quecn's visit. Nice feels the loss of Royal patronage as a bitter blow. It will msato a vast differ ence to the season there, especially -added to the effect the South African War is hav ing in stopping many pleasannt Continental trips that otherwlso would have been taken, and in shutting up people's pockets generally. It may be a'wholesomo lesson to the French lthat while "civility costs no thing," inelvility Is often a very costly luxury for a nation as it is for an indi vldual. - The Empress of Rasia Speaks five langu ages. and riding, painting, 'owing, sketch ing, swimming, and tennis are among her recreations. But one of her favourite amusements is in drawing caricatures. Freed from the fear of the censor, she in dulges with her pen and pencil in a way which makes even Russian Ministers trem ble, drawing them in carlcature, which would mean death or Siberia to any other artist. The modern Bocr girl is a curious pro duction, blending as she does in her muscu lar person the arts and graces of a typlcal up-to-date woman, with many of the achie voements that usually appertain solely to the rough daughters of the plough. She can .ride, andi she can drive a bullock team; moreover, she cain handle a rifle, and so altogether she Is a many-sided creature. Her parents are responsible for her careful up-bringing. When she is old enough to be useful she must becqmo a factor in the daily life of the farm; must tend the cat -tie, do out-door work, for which her strength is fitted; and fill to the best of her power her part as a "hand" on the parental Dogs play a not untmportant part in the military system of Germany. The idea ori ginated in the fertile brain of Herr von Donat, who'is a military instructor of no msmal repute in the Fatherland. He sug gested the employment of suitahleo breeds of dogs as couriers, sentries' companions, ambulance, searchers, and ammunition car riers. Asuan ambulance searcher, the St. Bernard Is probably the fittest animal. He will tind a wounded man in the darkest night and stay 'by him with a few necessary comforts until hlis deep-toned bay is suc cessful In bringing, relief to the sufferer very much as his splendid breed have done for countless years in the high Alps. 'Mr. John E. Redmond, who is now the chosen leader of the united Irish National ists, is th?e one man whoso reputation has been made by the/split. He has been in Parliamennt since 1881, but until the dis ruption in 1890 he was never regarded as a:possible leader, although it was known that Mr. Parnell, who always called him "Jack," 1ad a high opinion of his abilittles. Mr. Parnell sent him and his brother IVil liam as delegates to Australia in 1883, and there they collected £18,000 for the Na tlional funds. After the split and the death of Mr. Parnell, Mr. John Redmond became the recognised leader of the small contingent of Irish members who claimed to carry on the old Parnellito policy and traditions. fBy his eloquencge,debating power and parliamentary generalship, he carved out for himself a position out of all propor tion to the numerical forces he represent ed. Although by no means'the most terrible, the last siege of Gibraltar, when the Rock was held by a British garrison under Gene ral Elliot, against the combined efforts of the Spaniards and Freich from 'July 5, 1779, to November 26, 1781, holds the re cord as the longest important siege of mod ern times. The fact that every now anid. again the garrison were able to add to their provisions by successful sorties kept them from succumbing to hunger, -but scurvy claimed nearly one thousand victims. For weeks together over six thousand shells were thrown. into the town daily. A remarkable operation was performed in the Philadelphia University Hospital recen ly, according to a Dalziel mail despatch, and if Its regults are as successfurl as the surgeons anticipate, it will open a new means for lthe relief of paralysis, which hids heretofore been considered practically incurable. The man ulon whom the ope ration was performed was totally paralysed, and Surgeon White conceived the idea of trephining the spine so as to relieve the pressure on the, brain. The spitne was cut, a small piece -taken away, and within a feow minutes the patient was able to mIov his arms and legs, and otherwise indicate that the relief sought had been obtained. The younger son, of a Norfolk squire, Mr. Rider Haggard, went out to South Africa to seek his fortune in 1876, at the ago of 20\. Through the infludhce of a brother, who is In the diplomatic service, he was appointed private secretary to Sir Henry lBulwer, the Governor in Natal. A more adlventurous time came with ollicial em ployment in the Transvaal during the per iod of British occupation. As part of his duties he had to ride hundreds of miles across the lonely veldt, carrylng the man dates of the Government among a people by whom it was hated. When a Boer ris ing seemed to bhe impending Mr. Rider HIag gard was selected as. lieutenant in a corps of volunteers. Hares are 'held to be uneatable by the Boerss, Kamrs, and Hottentots, because in his body are supposed to reside the spirits of the departed. No man would care to dis pose of his deceased grandmother's ghost at 'the festive -board. Even his mother-in law's might not prove palatablo! The fact that 'English folk eat hares is only one more proof of the weird behaviour of the Uitlander. One tind of hare, the "spring hans," certainly acts as if he were a spook, by hopping about with a kangaroo like movement at night only. In the day he' is as if he were not. There was a piquant-Incident lately at the close of a matitice performance given In aid of the Yeomanry Equipment Fund at the Lyric Theatre, Bath. Mrs. Brown-Pot ter after reciting "The Absent Minded Beg gar," put up to auction a tambourine with which she had assisted in collecting for thie fund during the performance. The bidding for it having stopped at 17 guineas, Mrs. Brown-Potter announced that she wvoui kiss the buyer if the price reached 20 guineas. The, offer was immediately availed of by a Parsee merchant. He brisk ly stepped upon the stage, and Mrs. Brown Potter fulfilled her contract. 'At a recent sale an Ivory-handled pen with which Sir Walter Scott wrote sonio of his novels only fetched eight guineas; while one.of the Duke of Wellington's pens was 'valued at five and a half guineas. Some years ago the pen with which Pitt wrote 'to George III. his letter resigning office as Prime Minister was sold for £40; and the pen whlch Nelson used on the morning of the ill-fated day of Trafalgar exchanged hands for 50 guineas. There was something very chaeaterls tic in the Injunction of 'the 'late Duke of \esturiistor that his body should he cre mateld after death, He was the President of the Funeral Reform Association, and it was very worthy of him that ho should practice what he preached, and set an ex ample of conducting funerals after the fashion 'which Is cheapest to the living, and at tile same time; safest. A rase of importance to chemists was heard before the Queen's Bench Division recently. The case was originally brought to recover a penalty under the Pharmacy Acts from one 'White for selling a weed killer containing arsentic. The ease was dis missed, and the Pharmaceutical Soceloty now appealed. It appeared from the evi dence that White took the money for the poisonous compound, and remittal it, less 25 ler cent., as his profit, together with thie ecutomer's order, to the manufacturer. He was engaged in the trade of a florist. The e',irrt held that White was merely the oonduit- pllio of connection between buyer and ea'llier--hhat he was not the seller him s-lf. Lave for a further appeal w'as grant Thb, I?aviest passenger train on record bno; nirtnttdy travelled between Now York and A'bany. The vehicles drawn weighed i40 tons, and their contents of mails, pas ,ongr-m, and luggago 90 tons. Engine and tender weigli.d 122 tons. Grand total, 852 tons. It is sild that the train covered th!i distance, 143 miles, in three hours 13 nilnrtes, which gives an average speed of a;Ibout 44 miles per hour. A now gun on a very novel plan is on Irial. T'he interior of the bore is much nlrrnwower for sosme distance near ,the muz zlo tihan at the breech end. The pro jectilo is placed at the breech end of toe narrewi' part and the space betwven it and the explosive JIs filled with water separated from tieo chan'ge by a watorpreof wad. It is. clainmed that enoirmously high lnurzlo 'oelocitles can be attaincld by the use of this gunl, without increaslllg thie charge of powder or other exploslve, with perfect safety, and with much less fouling and ccorroslon of the metal,' and consequently with a very much greater longevity for the ,Not, alogether fantastic, perhaps, is the suggestion hatched out of the emu's egg whichl was a feature of the luncheon lately given at the London Camera Club. The suggestion was that the depressed agrlcul tuirist should try an eomu farm, with.a view to the sale of tho*blrds' eggs. Emus thrive iit 'manay parks In England, and lay freely. At preli nt, says "Country Life," they lay in mil-winteor, the season that corresponds with thelir native June; but probably they inuild oon learn greater prudence, for it ina'v !oh remembered that the black swan, whiln l hat Imported from the Antipodes, uII?ed to follow the same unwisely eonserva lieve ,'tyr, but has learnt since to accom modlate itself hotter to thio ebhangod seasons. iIWhy 'holll the emu not do the same? A.nd after all all egg laid in winter Is an t r, 'though it may not have the same ihi,,on a.-" one laid in the milder time of be r.lini; :: chick. There seem to ie no tio o1plsions on the edible excellence of the Is.if j ?d 