A fflfflSftf TRYST. (By Ernest Favenc.) T was not without v^_. some feeling of B7 nervousness that aj young' Mivert V.S} took up Ms posi tion in Hang man's Gully to carry out his boast of watching there all night ; and interviewing the ghost who ?was said to ap pear there witJi unfailing regula rity. He had ex-~ torted a solemn promise from his companions on the station that they were to play no tricks on him, It was to be a fair thing between the real ghost, if there was one, and himself, with out the interference of any sham ghosts. Hangman's Gully had a peculiarly evil re putation. First, it got its name from a fa mous massacre of blacks in the olden days, when some convicts had by way of diver sion, hanged some natives from the project ing bough of a huge gum-tree that grew there. The tree was still alive, but the long straight bough stuck out at an angle, blasted and withered, and many people, wondered that it had not fallen off years ago. The tree stood near a waterhole, and some scep tical manager had in former times built a shepherd's hut under its unholy shade, but all the shepherds who were stationed there had committed suicide one after another with such praiseworthy perseverance that the place was abandoned, and even the cattle refused to make a camp of the spot, al though in every way desirable. The ghost who walked the gully was supposed to be the ghost of one of tire stockmen who hanged the blacks. Some legends said that he was pur sued by a howling mob of blacks who finally hanged him, shrieking from the withered limb. Others were to the effect that the sui cides and murdered blacks arose and danced a weird dance around the Hangman's Tree. Mivert thought of all these stories as he looked upon his surroundings, which were not of a cheerful kind, as seen under the rays of the half-moon. The framework of the hut still remained standing, and the three graves of tire self-murderers, each fenced in with rough posts and rails, were plainly visi ble. Mivert lit his pipe and took up his station under the Hangman's Tree. He fully expected that, in spite of their solemn protestations, it was the intention of the boys to play some trick on him, and determined that they should get a Roland for an Oliver; but hour after hour went on, and save for the exhila rating howl of a native dog, his watch was undisturbed. It was near midnight, and the moon had set, leaving but the stars to lighten up the scene, when Mivert thought he heard a sound like somebody sobbing in close proxi mity to him. He listened and was convin ced that there was someone sobbing bitterly in the near neighborhood. For a moment he felt startled, then the belief that it was a clever 'hoas, taking an unexpected form, took possession of him, and he darted round the tree, whence the sounds proceeded, and grasped a dark figure standing there. 'No good, old man — ' he commenced when the figure started back with a frightened cry, and Mivert saw to his astonishment that it was a woman whom he had handled so roughly. 'Good God! Who are you?' he gasped, all fear of the supernatural driven clean out of his head. 'Oh, who are you? Do help me home. I have been away so long, so long.' Mivert saw by the pale light of the stars that the new-comer had a riding habit on, and that her voice was the low, musical roiee of a well-bred young girl but he could think of no one in the neighborhood at all like her in appearance — all the women on the neighboring stations were middle-aged and had large families. 'Wuere do you live?' he asked; 'At Castlebrook,' she replied. Mivert started, Castlebrook was the for mer name of the station he was living on, only, the old abandoned homestead was some distance away from the present one. 'At Castlebrook,' he repeated. 'Certainly, I will help you home, but I live near Castle brook, and the old station homestead is aban doned now. You must mean Brookfiela, the new place. Were you going there, and lost your way?' 'No, my home is at Castlebrook, my fath er is Captain Baird.' Captain Baird had been in his grave for more years than Mivert knew. The girl must have had a fall and was rambling in her mind. Baird first took up the country, and formed the old station; but that was be fore the girl beside him could have been born He must see her back to the station at any rate. He offered her his arm, and she took it, and gathered up her habit with her other hand. Mivert walked slowly and thought it well to avoid touching upon any but tri vial subjects, trusting that the man ager's wife would find out all about her when they got to the station. The track on coming out of the gully led through a patch of bigalow and gidea scrub. They were near the centre when. Mivert noticed the slight pressure on his arm relax, he turned to speak to his companion and she had vanish ed. Gone, without a sign or sound. Mivert felt a shock of fear; then He called to her without avail. The scrub was silent, and there was neither sound nor movement. Gould she have gone back to the gully? He rapidly retraced his steps, tout at the Hang man's Tree and the gully there was no sign of life, and h:s calls remained unanswered. It was a warm night, and, wearied and wor ried, he laid himself down to sleep out the remainder of his watch Daylight, and he had a swim in the lagoon, and went back to the station to meet as best he could the badinage of bis companions. He would not admit that he had s°en any thing in particular; but one or two strange things had happened which were worth in vestigating, and he intended to spend another night there. Of course he had many offers of companionship, which he declined, assur ing them that when he bad solved the mys tery they should all benefit by it. . It was shortly before midnight tli£ follow ing night when Mivert reached the. Hang man's Tree. The place seemed as deserted as when he last saw it on his return from ? his strange walk with his companion who so mysteriously disappeared. He waited under the tree, and watched the declining moon, which still shed its faint beams on the. gully. He was lost in tnought, when a touch on his arm made him start. There stood the girl, and by the stronger light he could see that she was young and handsome; but whether it was the moonlight or not her face looked very pale. 'Where did you go to last night, asked Mi vert; 'and what are you doing here again?' 'I couldn't go past that place, you know; d-S you think you could get me past to-night? I will hold tight to your arm.' 'But, Miss Baird, where have you been since you left me' Surely you nave not been wandering about the bush all the time?' 'No; I have been asleep. But I want to go home so badly.' More than ever Impressed with the Idea that the unfortunate girl was suffering under some mental delusion, although fairly per plexed as to where she could be living, Mi vert felt in a fix. * How«v«r, the only tiling now was to try arid get her to the station, if possible. 'Come; we will start,' he said- 'Mind and bold fast to my ana ?when going through. the scrub,' he added, seeking to reassure the fancy that seemed to Haunt her. They started, and on neafing the track through the scrub Mivert felt his companion's v clasp tightening on his arm, until it 'became almost pain ful. Suddenly it was torn away. His arm was not let go; but the girl's hand for cibly wren--lied away tiom his aim, :is though done by some cruel physical power. The girl had vanished as before, and Mivert was alone in the scrub again, with his heart beating fast and the dew of terror on his brow, for which he could scarcely be blamed. In the distance he heard a faint cry. If it was not fancy, it sounded like 'Come back again. Oh, come back! I must go home.' Gloomy and taciturn, Mivert passed the fol lowing day brooding over the problem of the past two nights. Who or what was this creature of midnight who could, not pass a point in the scrub without vanishing? That she was not of this world he felt sure, but yet the touch of her hand was firm and lif e* like. His eyes were red with want of sleep, but still he felt that he must keep the ghostly tryst that night The moon v.vvr shed a fairly good light, and when Mivert took his stand by the Hang man's Tree the sully was fairly, well illumin ated. I w:H watch and see where she comes from, he thought: but watch as he would, the presence approached him unawares arid unobserved, and was standing by his side 'ere he was aware of its coming. 'Do try and take me back to-ni.arht,' she pleaded.. 'I am so tired, and want to go home. Listen! Can you carry me through, the scrub, and hold me fast and tight, so that I can go home?' 'I'll try my best,' said Mivert. 'Let us go now while the moon is still high.' Together they went along the track once more, and as they approached the scrub Mi vert stooped and took the girl's slight form up in his arms, as he would a child's. 'Oh, you will carry me safely through,' she murmured in a restful tone, and putting her hand over his shoulder she pressed her deathly cold lips to his. Then Mivert went on with his light burden, and had reached the centre of the scrub when, with a cry of des pair, the girl was forcibly rent from him by ?unseen hands, and he was once more alone. Only the cry was still ringing in his ears of 'Come back again! Come, back!' * * ... * ? 'I don't know what's up with Mivert,' said someone at the dawn of day, rousing up the manager of Brookfield. 'He's as mad as a hatter, and keeps wanting to get up and go away.' ? . ? The superintendent went to the room Mi vert shared with another man, and found him in a high stage of delirnya: 'He's been stalking oift'to that old Hang man's Gully chasing a ghost for the last night or two,' volunteered Miverfs room mate. * ' 'Then he's caught some sort of malarial fever bad,' said thesuperjl'very bad indeed. You'H-have to go for the' 'doctor* Saddle up, and look sharp.' i- '?*?' Mivert was delirious all aay, spite of the sleeping draughts the doctor administered. Towards midnight be grew violent, and it ^vras with the utmost difficulty,, he was kept in bed. After midnight the paroxysm sub sided and he looked at ?tifee super with ra tional eyes. ? * 'She has gone home,' he said, to him in an earnest whisper. 'She came and told me; it is all well with her.' .,??'/..? * Towards morning the.feyer increased, and he became unconscious— a state, .from which Jie only rallied just before his -death at sun rise. He begged the superintendent to search the scrub between tie station and the Hangman's Golly. After the burial of poor Mivert, they searched the scrub foot by foot, and found the bones of a. skeleton, which the doctor pronounced to be those of a woman. Amongst the bones was found a brooch and a bracelet, but all articles of clothing had long since yielded to time and exposure. Living on the station was an old Irishwo man, who with her husband, since dead, had been there since the early days of the first pioneers, and had seen service with all the successive owners. Old Margaret, as she was called, became greatly excited when sha heard of the discovery, and asked to see tie brooch and bracelet 'The good God!' she exclaimed when she saw them, 'and it's the pretty daughter of Captain Baird ye have found after all. Poor girlie! She went out for a ride one day, and never came back, though her horse did. Sure they searched high and low, and she lying dead in the black scrub all the time. It kill ed her father. She was all he had of kith or kin. He never looked up after. I re j[ member it well, for I was young at the time, and she and I were great friends; and by the ! same token I pinned the broogb for her be | fore she went out that day. And how did i poor Mr. Mivert know the colleen was lying , there? She must have come and told him. j Bury the poor creature's bones where his are, I and perhaps she'll be at rest 'Twas cruel | to die like that, and 'twas cruel on young Mr. Mivert to die of seeing her.' ' UNDER THE TI-TREES.' . ALFRED COPPET. ART SOCIETY'S EXHIBITION. 