a: aZhYORY IS £&!Viar OHAPXEEtJ. Ify the a uth Auirif al laaGlrl, ; ..... '*3Tlie $Heht; &?«/'•' Ay CHAPTI5K Vli. • iVn alluvial mining towntfliop is Always in the early stage of its existence of-jUhe mot t teiuporary cVsoMiAion. To this iiile' Mu-licim was tiO exception. Indeed, it tnight f/e.Mqi.u w 'uayp a m/n, ■or uigruncj.iuu *cc sown in tit# jmfeJy Jirirnjisyo^ ai^ngefcifcht# in the 'matter ~oi habitations. Tents far goiie In tretterw were -the vogue; ohl bag* roughly sown together were "Common, and i an astute way of manipulating miilga houglia (Acacia, aneura) Into the sort of booth dtbat tthe aboriginals term a mia-mia served ea the nightly shelter of fully half lathe miners on tin; field. ... But "ifileena House," as the inn kej/t by the Dubois : oqifple was called, dated back to twelve ' years earlier. and the older portion having been- erected for a head- station was com posed of wood and it<oiTugated iroii. It had also the crowning glorv of "being sliaded by trees and Shrubs, utid the verandah that surrounded this oldef portion was shut off from the -barroom vmcf of the bq,use by a 'tall partition of iron. . It was after sunset when opr quartet of' travellers—two in the buggy «na two oh . horseback—reached this hostelry, drawing lip at the pitivute or side entavinttc, whdle ythey- weCeTuseivcd b;(f*!d tliiii dqrk woman, kwh'o, on seeing 'the occupants of the buggy, g'sked at IN prah and (hey, bompanion,! in | amazement. Then she turned quickly to | wards Norah, who had dismounted, find I kissing her, said--1- - "Ah e'est gerftil a vans md chere-d'etre enfiii venu fne/dir." No,rah lauglicd aloud raying—"It's all rigid, Dubois, my cousin, lias come with me to be my bridesmaid." Ah, but it. was "nivissante" of the eou sine, and Monsieur Mack, always so fnith I fill. "How .you have always been so good to me," fire. >aid, suddenly seiz.ng Muck's |'hands then. she. murmured something;.to I Itfliiigliani in n low voice, and t hus enve loping her gluwLs- as it were in an atmos phere of flattering' sympathy, -he ushered tiierii into a small but neatly umniged sit ting-room, ahcad.v oeru;ied by a sliort, rosy faced young; man in elerii -i) att ire, who ' . saluted Heatiiee with a uerVous little laugli, saving "You are my first bride in this^lis triet/' . . "No, Mr. I'ye, that is the bride's cousin, who thinks that of nil the tragedies hi this life, matrimony is the most fatal," Norah 1/rok'e in with an airy laugh, ami when Ben trice saw The puzzled and siMndalized ex pression qf the young clergyman's face, she could hardly refrain fwin joining in tii-is ill plaeed merriinent. 'Jhere -was-' a bedroom that opened into tht -«lt'..itig-l'oo n, which was placed at the t-erViee of the young ladies, and When they went in 1her*_ to wash ;iwn.v the •.lust of tin- Iphg, hot jour ney! t'hero was a lovely soli cream silk dress Kpr??.d out. full length, on oinv of the two narrow brdf-t . th'at occupied -vw- chamber. "I put it in the oox of- things Are sent to Dubois -twh weeks ago," explained Norali, taking up the dress as she -pake and hold ing it iv]i agtifivk tin- light." Sue is a^oodiold thing, she had it imp-d -out, and now it looks u.s fresh as ever for the hrsf bride in the district.' "Wildt. a tool Uic mat: looker! when.he said that." ''It smemied to we that the Ditlwia 1mm hayF it ((owl <U*tl to do wit'h t'his'affA.ir of yodr'K, N( mb," said-Beatrice, who ttM.rnvv reclin inon one of the hard, it.mwf, little beds, w,itching he> cousin n.s »b • flitted about w■ t!i as much animation as if she had been sleeping f'>r the past twenfy hours, instead of using iheni hji in the business of elnp im*. ''She h\s some axe of.,1k-r own to grind1:' What is it?" "(>lr, as foe' (but, of eouise. I mean to .'bestow a few 11ii11(3if<j pounds upon her wh.en 1 come into my kingdom," answered Kenili carelessly a* she fi.dned a srnrf of Maltese lace in a loose full how under her chin, "and .that reminds me &f; something 1 forgot to -uy to Benin;" she ad ded, hastily having the room as she spoke. The next moment. Madame Dubois came iron (lie room and pressed Beatrice to drink- a drop of Wine of a sip of liqueur to realm e brr, an oiler whieh was ('oldly de el i tied. "It ih wit you Ionic sa,l, and /at give ine sw troulde of zc heart," she «:iid, regarding Heat-rice, reflectively. Then rim added in French, ''Y< u have an air so amiable, Mile., lint. 1 suggest t'nat you look more gay amidst* these people wii j with joy." ''Perhaps, rnadame, J have nof*Vo much reason to lx> beside myself with joy. as you m.av have," replied Beatrice in Knglhri, (he inrfign.atii'on she frit against the woman making itself felt in hp] voire. '"Oh, but, it ex rod. me who ex hippy-'Vmv could I be in.ho evil a eountrv? Mihi Dieu - 1 love luxiuy. I lov. indite society. . [ love the adorable Paris. .And behold ze vil dernc/.s of .-«:nd and flits -111 But we leave it sutterrly in few mors." There tnwc a knock at the door, arid the hostess hastened out in answer to h summons from one of the Chine.-,e Tmys'' tkat took the place of doune.dties in the house. ■".So that is part of the ."tor.v," thought IkaJtrice, with a dull ache at the heart. She had often before felt a kind of terrible fascination in tracing mil, the seeming trifles and arei dents that, have helped to consummate a lifelong tragedy. This woman, with her greed for money at any cost, had nided and abetted Norah to wreck her whole Hfe for the sake of a. few hundred pounds- -and she had mm. ■reded all along the line—and as this bitter conviction held her, Beatrice groaned half-alcud. "Wake up, Beadrice — you must be having a nightmare—and tea is on the table, aria nob only tea, bui dinner,'' s iid ,Nora'b, en tering at this moment, ' "'It is much Worse than a nightmare, for thitt" is 'over*when onen wakes,"said Beatrice rising; "and, Noiah'f how -will it be with you, when the bitter truth comes to you that your marriage was a -horrible mis take?" "Really. Beat rice, you are like (he skele ton that some old idiots used to stick rn the drning-hnll when the}- were having a specially nice -dinner," replied Xora'li, but without any resentment in her manner. "Gome here, please, and let nip put some thing chic round your throat; that frill has a bushel of the red wilderness in it, and. what is the use of your going untidy becimae at some remote Mate I may have a c-rVrw to pick with the Almighty for not making a better sort Of mud pie out of this funny little planet of c,urs?" Norah while arranging a pretty hvc.e scarf round her cousin s neck hummed the lines; — "f>e dawn Was breaking she beard below The two cocks shaking their wings to crow; "Oh Cease from catling hia ghost to the mould And I'll come combing your combs with gold.' " "Do yon krrow, Norah, yon give me the feeling fihnit you are somehow hypnotised Twnight," said Beatrice when shortly after riinc they had retired to their own room. As a matter oMijc-t the girl all through the -piling • • had"* " beeti; '.as H carried -kiHy tig ' » ; tnppd t< reckless '< relating - "tfos Aoat ludltro\ht'j hatxKioteft of ;1t1ie "^btufia. ait! venture* of = Jeurkaraoa «iid new dhinn«, In a way that iji'ftdeeven Beatrice -ist^h Sieartlly, though ■; sill tftie tyji$ "heir heart was (heavy with gnawing a^iiirdKUMilohs. ^ ' i "Nor 1 am rfofr ^latah, that's the . Malay i word for bein^ in some way possessed, I'lti .j only just like tfhe chemical experirtjettt you showed me when I was vrWh you in Mel-: bourne a few netitiirioa ugo, anwfrered HoteSti as 'rfie brudhed out her faair, which at its full fetngbh fell over her (ftioulderg be- ] low her waist like a thidk crisply waved j irtantle. "Don't you remember now you j let , fall , ft few ..dropa .""bl£ some ! fluid into,, a glass of perfectly clear water, and all at once ft i seenied bo awarm with the most incredible little, hrutee^twaniamd—I believe you call ed itfhenri. I ddntt quite "underifland hbw the comparison holds, and I would rather not, for it's safe to have a Cannibal sort of shud der in it, besides you are almost blind with alcep." There was so mudli Irubh in this tfliat Beatrice was.no sooner in bad than she fell into one of'those profound unbroken sleeps from which one awakens feeling as if the body 'had , by some miracle been newly crea ted with all th; aches of weariness, seem ing 1 to be but a lvalf-remembcred legend. When she opened her eyes the room was light enough for her to see that Norah was standing by the window with the blind half wised. • 1 \ "Are you up already, olrild?" she asked drowsily ' "J-, have-'slept exactly - half an hour all through the night, answered Nornlq in a Voice that effectually roused Beatrice, fto weak and toneless and dejected did it sound. "Norah, yop are ill," die said, rising, and going quickly bo her at the window. "No; only dead from the want of sleep," replied Norah, with a wan emile, letting the > blind fall as riie turned to confront her cousin. But dim as tilie light still was will eh the blinds were drawn within anu without-,- it was quite evident that she bad lieni crying, end Beatrice, on seeing this felt fier npiril* rise with a sudden hope that in the silent watches of the night Norah's conrinon sense 'had been restored to her. BnCsbe gave no expression to this, fearing to excite that spirit of revolt to which ; taat her coliein -was >o easily roused. "J.et me sponge your face hnd (hands with ■nlCT and Ivan de Cologne, Norah, water and Ivan de Cologne, Norah, that will refresh you/' she said soothingly. And as she slid this her light, soft touch seemed gradually to dissipate the hard nervous ten sion- under winch the girl laboured. "Have vojt ever thought how on the nrorprng of your wedding-day you would wake into a 'new sort of world, Beatrice, with your heqrt like a nest of singing- birds, and now liyrk at me. J feel just like a bandicoot after a two-years' drought," she sairb in a low, sighing kind of voice, quite foieign to her usual mode of speaking. "1 toll a.deep, I believe, almost us Soon as yen did," she went, on, after a pau.se, "but J had n most horrible dream, and J woke up cry ing, .with my-licdrt thundering in iny ens, nil I foil When / looked at my watch i found I had slept barely half an hour. 1 got un end walked about, the room in the dark—I even opened the French window and went into t'he curious little yard at the back—but that was.after midnight, when there was not a 1.1,,, „lo sleeping nil tlx- time—> our breathing ns soft and regular as a tired baby's. At last I turned sleepy, and came >ijj—<w done up as bin* dmshmcn who say they labour and do n 11 their work six days of the week find then crack 'stones on Sunday—but tfie mo mem May flmvii that awful dream made a sovt of red light in my bead." NornJi shuddered as she spoke, nnd carver, ed her eyes with 'uw bands. It was with an "uffonftliat I»t-f.iti ice refrained from* asking whst this dream was; she kept, on gently massaging Noyah's forehead until gradually life ...brilliant.' wiarv eves began to close. Jint,'when pile bad dozed for a few minutes, s-lic woke up with a start. "If 1 go to sleen now uotliing ,but the erael; of doom will waken TTfe but it. is only five- ) can at least re si. for sonic time," she said, glancing at her svl'cb. Hen trice saw that it was really six, but she merely f>lid in a, matter-of-fact wav, "Yes, il is still early, von had better rest as much as possible," and then saw with toy that iri a few minutes her dousin. was sound us-Jeep. She herself1 bad her bath, and dressed as rapidly as an acrobat, and then kent watch lent, the slePper should lie disturbed. In a quarter of an hour she heard approaching footsteps, arid opening the doer noiselessly, took a little tray w;th Inn. rum of tea and .'Poms biscuits on it. from Madame Ihdx.vs. assuring lmr that, thev would be fir --;d and reidy in plenty of time. Tiviee after ibis a messenger caftie to tbe door to liiirrv their movements, and twice I'ritiiee returned some .vadvely re assuring amwer. Shane instinct stronger than reason led her :pj delay Yryah's awa kening to I he lasl moment, oosrihle. feeling "i- if th- time thus gained might in the end b id to the girl's sal vat ion. Hul when Madame Dubois enrne for the second time in-person, and found that the door was hacked, she rapped with violent in-isb nee, and culled out in a shrill Voire t hat 't v as nearly 7. Norah, started up, ami on looking a I her watch gave a cry . of Harm. "Ileal rice di 1 you know il was so late?" she n-'ked srcrnlv. "Yes, hut. I tiuwht it would be lietter for ion to be a trifle late than die on my hands for the want, of 'forty wink's?" " re pb',1 Heatriee, with a half- malicious con sciousness of faking a leaf out of Norah's owe lie >k. * "You made nir go M sleep, and kept Du bois away from me, knowing''that we should, be married and on the way to C'oritclloe li.v seven. s() (o make wire of catching the boat, that sails for Singapore this evening? That, is what. 1 ea'I being a traitor," said Norsk, her few* whit* with wrath. "A traitor to Iftfinghani — yes, T* plead guilt, v to that, charge," replied I leaf rice. "Well, you'll find eon wr-n"t_ make anv profit, out of that jleil," .said Norali, with • niigr.v emphasis, as she di.-aimcared into the •• ubiclc i'hat served as a -l»athroo;n. "Even ;if we were not in time for the boat, we should merely have to fall Mack on our second mitte," she said, partly recovering her composure, as Tleatrice assisted her to dress. " l.s there then a second way of getting out. of the di'tricf ?" To this query Norali replied with a hard liLt.lc laugh, and then sa id, " Excuse me from toadbing you any more loud geography un til T ain safeiy married." ft was strange to see 'bow the strategem that had been prae tis'd on her se.emed to have banished her fears and restored her old reckless in souciance. It was twenty minutes after seven 1 fetore the two made their appearance in the sit ting room, where the little parson with it)ie nervous smile, rise Ufh well-set up bridfgroom, Mme. Ihib us and MeVarlarie awaited them. Norah'* Japanese silk was the onlv symbol of a bridal that, marked the party. Tiie colour had wrne back into her face, aivl the sparkle into her indomi table eyes, bu' as th-ey entered t.he monti, | lk-atrice felt (he girl's hold on her artn i tighten /-one'iishell'. She hcr-c'f was oale to the bps and 'he billows of soft silky bee t'nkl. Nbj'.h b nl arranged jvmr.d tier I 44irc«t, jeind dowii the /rami at 1ierinu»ii* ■dteafl ijeftetl t« abceuf uste 'lifer piiRoA '.'We ar? 'aJl r.fcady,.'! believe.", said fibo little patsofi;'With a femHe, whidli n6w tiWt lie wa« more neiVous than usual, almost maoonted to a lati^a. He -was auipticed, standing behind a stnnll round table, Morab bfetote Idm to the left hand, Kf* fingham to tSie right.. There vr&u; a : murmur , of voices' oirtcedo, and t'he hard glare of_ a fierce tnorif' ing sun shot down like javelin* on the bar* ren stony land, with its red oytcropa break ing everywhere through the ilhln sand/ soil. Through the window which she faced, as she stood -by Norah, Beatrice caught glimpses of mounds of Teddldh oar lib, of ragged earth-stained tents, of half-clad men at work, some winding & windlass, some carrying water in kerosine tins fitted with k wire handle, others standing rojund A wood fire on whidh cooking utensils were placed. She turned her gaze from the win dow to the room in which ehe stood, feeling as if she must have swailoiwed a doSe of opium, and as if all around her wore part of n fevei'idh, vision from which she must presently awake. Like one in h, -dream she listened to the Reverend Pye'a thin sharp intonation as he beganr I>early be loved, we are gathered here, and in the sight of God, to join this man ahd this woman in holy matrimony." And so the wenk voice went on, reading Words that in the face of what-she knew regarding "this man and tliia woman" made it all seem more" unreal] than even the incredible surf roimdihgfl without and within. When the words fell on her ears, "Therefore if any man can_show any just cause why they. I may "hot lawfully be joined together let him now speak^ or else hereafter for ever hold hifl peace," ahe felt herself to be an arrant cowara for not raising hor voice, and de nouncing the man An one. utterly unfit to be entrusted with the care of aniy burnnn, being, least of all a young, inexperienced girl. She was stifled with a longing ;o cry out—"There is nothing holy in- this contract. On the one side it is the dis graceful act of an ignorant wdong-hended girl, on the other an ignoble plot for the sake of money." But she st-ood still, and made no-sign, overcome with that sense of tin' futility of life which - someftiniefl fas tened on her like n-n obsession in face of some great wrong, or crass stupidity that she could neither avert nor modify. Her breath came inquiek, hot, little gaK]rv and for a moment it seemed as- if she was go ing to indulge in what she regarded as the supremely silly performance of fainting. When she found Norali duelling same cold water into her face, and McFarlane sup porting her she said, in u voice that, even to herself sounded very curious and far away, "But why are you doing this?" She felt quite aggrieved when she found that they thought she had suddenly fai ruled, for she was sure (.tint she never really lost con sciousness. But at any u'ate the interrup tion riaime at the vci-y moment when the Rov. Roliert Pye wa* beginning to put it-ln momentous question "Wilt thou have 111i woman to be (.by wedded wife?" And now , as the commotion was subsiding, arid t.hei were all taking their- places onc-c" more, the sound of wheels was heard, a trap drove up ranidlv and slopped in front 01 the inn verandah. "Stop a moment, if you please,"- said Mr Farhine, in a Pond innst-erfu] tone, as Mr. i ye was opening the prayer-Poole to go on with, the marriage service. "Wltnt js the meaning of Fbia foolery?" Kaid Effingham, in a voice of roneentral 'I fury. But before ary reply could be nude to his enmiiry die ouUy^d^or was flung open, and Mrs. Middlewdglmslied in, fol lowed by her husband, aim ;t police trooper in uniform. "We are too late—it is all ov-?r," cried Mrs. Middleton, in a melodramatic voice. "No, ma'am, you are riot -too late--you arc just in the nick of time,'' replied Mr Earhiue, .with historic calmness. Mrs. Middleton made a rush at- her daughter, who endured rather than (returned her cnihr-iee (isi he said, in a voice audible -to the rest of the company- ''What do you ■ propose to do now that you are here?"' Middle! on, who had exchanged a. few uonls in an undertone wi;h- Melon lain , now 1 urn :d to the trooper, and, poicling to Eifinghnin, said laconically — "'Phis is your man. ' On tins pie trooper slopped forward, pistol in hand, saying- "I appre hend you in the Queen's name on a clung. of horse-s-tcal-ing." '"Oh, you idiot, how dure you act such mummery''-' said Norah. passing her arm within Ktlinghain's, and facing the troo per with blazing eyes, while Madame Du bois. who was leaning heavily a-gajnsiL the back of a chair, was heard to murmur bro kenly in Drench. "Ah, mori d/mi, inon dieu, quelle b, n ear. This man terrifies mc fotli • !'a->t degree. He is nothing but. a brigand. Ah! what dual! we do? What, shall wi de ?" "lie (jonquil, madam, T am much in ora interested in this than vnu," answered Ef fingham, addressing her with eoId polite nesi in the fjamt: tongue. Then, glancing from the trooper to Middleton, he askc-1. in the same emotionless lone, "Will you he good enough to explain what, this lim h-sinie means'" "It means thai [ object to having one of my best horses sUilen, and t.hal. T am giv ing y(Tu ,n charge for tiiefl," answered Middle-ion. "Thei'c is no possibility of deriving the fact, ftrr the horse is in the s1! a file of this inn, and there are plenty of nitnos-es who ean swear that you hrougflit the aninvul bore." "'I do not . deny that I borrowed one of your ]ior-ses— -but when I did so J left pro of my own «rr its place, arid now you can have yours back, and if lie is any the worse." - - "Spare yourself t he trouble of making, any wrther statement s," replied Middleton. ufernly. on have stolen mv horse, and T give you in clwge to be tried for theft, be fore the Resident Magistrate at- (loatefloe." "Bu^ this is an -infamous thing That you a '0 doing." sakl Nnrab, turning on her nicp 'atdier with bitter iirU-nsitv. "You crrpv---and everybody knows—"that you arp only trumping tin this charge because we are to be married. Denis and I will go to Coslelloe together." "Mr. "Effingham must prrt rrflf bis wedding for the present." answered Middlet-ou, look ing alc-rois the bride at the groom. Mr. Pve, who up to this had remainevd -standing lie hind the bible, the Prayer-book open ir» hi.i hand, while ha gazed in consternation from one to the other of the speakers, now closed the. book, saving in an agitat-etd voice- "P. would seem thou that the marriage must be. postponed." "It must." not- -you <fliowhl take no notice but go on wfttli your duties: open the Prayer-book and ko on," said Norah, turn ing on the poor little parffon in fury. "Oh. don't, Norah. don't: vou only make matters worse," whispered Beatrice, draw ing lxrarer to Her cousin. and taking -her disengaged hand in both her own. Effing barn at the same imwrmnt beat over to Ma dame Dubois and whispwed to her in French. 8he nodded her head in assent Ut what he said, and Wt the rodh). Effing ham then turned to Norah, and steid In a low tone, "Your cousin is right. Norai; for the time we are trapped, 'and it is only Absurd bad torn- to malm -,i use-less row. a- this charge is. if has iust so murth foun dation Hi it if must, be Trm-f. and fought." Do vnu inc.in that, tliev can mil you irrtp prison - tike .* > common ibid-for-taking ^ lW«oar l «aked Jfonb; "WJth fl." attofcfa Jber breatk. j ■ "Htf xstxaxwe, wx dcar ririftd, ft ie the mos4 fcawn oortw farcer but any ftidf in good j enough -to b*ai*dog With, U you've got; fcim w ybor pow*r • *i>d —but aoyou think J amid apeak to yon apart?" EfliMwnn was apesking in a very low *o#oe, bat Beatrice was so near that fehe eotdd not telp overiioarins;. She therefore tdraed to -Mrs.1Middleton,and whispering "Let; ps leave them for «• little." the'two went over t» the opposite «de or the ttmrn, wjiere Middleton aim McEarteiae were talk iiia? together.;' The "former met Bsatrice With outstretched hands- *We can never thank yop enough for jawing resetted this wilful -gki from her mad folly/' • he said, with so ranch feeling, that Beatrice whs at once drama to hhn, a liking-that wan fur ther enhkhced by the manly cjpemieia? of his weaAeHbronzad fcce. • "It was only your coming when you did that made our ptunaK of any une," ifce answered with & Yang drayta sigh of relief.,. "But now that tney were half-married, »nd Norafa j* so heart-broken, wouldn't it be better to let them he married, and grra Effingham a chance to turn over* new leaf, my one can see by looking at him he's Quite ready' to do that,"" said Mrs. Middle ton in quavering tones. "For God's sake, Geraldine, don't make a fool 'of yCfUreelf over that scoundrel any more, now that we are getting {fee girl free of 'him at such cost," returnea her husband with vehement warmth. "How unfeeling yon .are to me, as if I were the worst of mothers, and all tfbe time 1 have not tasted a morsel except one nmall coffee biscuit - rince 3 o'clock this morning, bung go tafserafoly anxious that I can think of nothing but how to make my poor child hajipy," said Mrs. Middleton .beginning to Weo,) copiously. "We all know tfnat, ma'am," put in Mac, soothingly. "What Mr. Middleton means is that yoa bre too ready to believe good af a fellow -who has not deserved it of you, and we don't mean to be really hard on hiin, only to get him safe out of the dis trict." While this talk was going on in .smother ed undertones, the -two who had been so nearly made man and wife were convers ing by the little table on which the prayer book was lying, where the Kev. K. I've had in his agitation kft it on leaving the room a few minutes before. He had been followed by the trooper, who, in passing, had said to Middlehon "I must go and get a snack of something to eat; but I'll be h indy if I'm wanted." This incident hail taken place when Mrs. Middleton began to weej), and after Mac had endeavoured to pour oil on the troubled waters, there was n InlJ of silence in -the room, which was broken by Effingham, who Stepped forward c-.'id said to Middlaixm, "I presume you make the charge of horse-stealing against mi; merely to give you the power of taking me to (,'osrtelloe under escort, I wish to >:iy that under the circumstances I am wil 1 ■ g In hove by the Steamer for Singapore wi.licut any compulsion on vour part. . "In face 'of all that has happened," iin » • c c.l Middleton, "J prefer to accompany >mi to Costelloe under escort. When we get there we may arrange whether or not the c-iiiiinal charge should be gone on .Madame Dubois at tliis juncture bustled in;o the room, somehow Conveying the im pression that nothing unusual .had taken pi ice, as she addressed the company m gf I' i ral, announcing in mingled French and Mr.glish that _ breakfast was quite K idv. und ^Hftd be in tTanger of qio'ding if therlPwas any further delay. Middleton gave an uneasy glance towards KHi.-igham, as if doubting whether it would be safe to let him leave the room without pr-liee surveillance. So at least Effingham waned to understand the glance, for he mid, wrtfh a alow smile— '1 cannot pretend that J like the terms fou have submitted—but 1 accept thein." Narah «u «l potato! thfingbam prrventertijicr, ■aayiiMwi? . ._ „ in fwn<& ni * Ipw'wmce, andFbeh Beatrice noticed « qt&ftf; epniw» glance miebig". be tween flhe girl and Mine. Duboi*. wSxt, turning Sfiddkton, «aid, "Ze Ctaum* (8ioaaire; of Ze po)kx—ht partakes Of de jeuner in ie public diiiing-vodm—but ze jpzet^my wn private room, i»io,yonrdi» A few irortk passed between Mtddleton and MfcEartaiie, ondtfcen the latter suggest ed £fl £fih^nun that tibey ahould adjourn to the pqbfic dining-room, whMi they ac cordingly did. "I don't want any' breakfast-- I shall jrtay in my bedfoom/'Mid Nomh, defiantly. ;■ "Then I*E ooane with you Horah-^-we cue Jbave something brought to us," said Beat rice," handful of the. mgnificnnt glanoe she bad intercepted between Norab and tier ex governess. On gaining the room she tore off the croam silk, ana threw it in a limn heap on the floor,-.end it8um -flung herself on the bed which fibe feed vacated in bot haste for her wedding no short a time be fore. But after a few "minutes dhe mat up and drunk some tea and-ate a sandwich, uttering not fe. syllable, but all the time as Beatrice afterwards recalled, with, the ab sorbed intent air of cue Who awaits some expected event. Presently Mme. Dubois came in. "Ecnutez Norette," she said, in a quiet measured voice. "It is the first duty of girls to submit themselves to their mo therb." Here foj'otved some rapid words in a lower tone which Bea trice did not 'hear. The effect on Noibh was magical, the gloom and resent; ment that clfrude-d her face, were all at once replaced by an expression of : triumph and gleeful malice. "Give me another cup of te-a, Beatrice; I belive I am going to get hungry," riie ifcid, ■handing her empty cup to Beatrice. As Mme. Dubois left the room, ahe called after 'her laughingly, "Faites nous un bon 1 dejeuner j our midi. "But shall we not be going away before noon?" asked Beatrice. . "hluat lies on the knees of the Gods," , replied Noiah again laughing. While they : were yet speaking, a strange hubbub arose, j There was a succession of cries land answers, [ doc,rs banged, and there was a sound of ! rushing footsteps as men ran outside. | Beatrice flew to the window, whirfh. was i a French one, opening on a fort of eemi ' quadrangle, formed by the roomB of corru gated iro-n that had been run up wheal,the ! place was turned -nto an inn. But she could only see peop'e running to the stable, I willirh was pome little distance to the rear ! of Maleena Hon e. She unfastened one side ' of the window, and going out, went a little ' way towards this 'buiMing until she wa«?sud ; denly cheeked 'by the thought that itjwas ' hardly wise to let Norah out of her sight, j "What is it'.'" she said, turning back; j "there is some new plot hatched, Ncrrab, ' and yui'i know .something of it if I aan not | mistaken." r "Yes; J am in it, you bet, down to the ground floor,", answered the girl, with a , iittle malicious laugh. Beatrice looked at her in helpless perplexity, a fear growing I on her that even yet she would escape from f the wire of those who protected her, and ; be hcpelesdy caught in the snare of the l'owler. Something in the distressed anxiety of her face suddenly appealed to Norah. J "Afa que le ooeur est un fjr.md maitre, onlv you have too little of it for lovers, and too much for cousins. But as you do somdhow care for me, I will let you into a secret that by this time is one of Punchi nello's. Denis Iras got away, and is now weH on the road t-o where he is going, without my stepfather or the trooper, for whose society 'he has no hankering at all," said Norah mockingly. . j "But^ome," she added, passing her arm through Beatrice's, "and let us see for our 1 selves." 