The Haunted Humpy OH THE Disgusted Ghost (FORTHE CHRISTMAS NUMBER) There came a weary traveller to a cer tain Queensland town, And he wandered sadly Tip the street and sadly wandered down; For he sought a place wherein to camp dud stay till the next day's sun, And lie trudged along on nis toilsome way ai d couldn't spot ere a one. The traveller found a place at last-a room up a creaky stair With a door that turned on a rusty hinge, a canvas bunk and a chair. The silver beams of the Christmas moon shone over the gaping floor; And at bal? past twelve or thereabouts, a ghost knocked at the door. But the weary traveller merely snored, and it gave the ghost a shock. For never, had mortal man before, re fused to answer his knock, So he knocked again, but the sleeper snored; then the ghost strode through the room, And cursed the man for a bush bred dolt as he groaned in the sultry gloom. He strode to the bunk with a fearsome stride, and he laid his bony i\\-nd On the bushman's shoulder and said 'Wake up! I'm a ghost, don't you understand O where. O where were you raised, you no: man ? Where were you taught and by whom, That you know no more than to lie and snore with a spectre in the room ! Now gaze on me and let you ltair stand tip in the usual way, And let your blood run cold in your veins while I say what I have to say. There are crimson stains on the floor, young man, and spots on the wall, feside. That soap and water will not wash out, though thousands of times you tried. These stains ia blood and tl'at blood was mine-it flowed from a wound so deep O wait till I finish my ghastly tale ! Here mister you musn't sleep ! And he shook him up. But the weary man vawned three or four times and spake, 'Are you sure I'm the party you want to see ? Now, isn't there some mis take ? For I care not a cuss for your crimson stains, nor when they came here, nor how ; If they won't wash out, why let 'em alone, and shut up your beastly row, Or if you have anything else to say, look sharp, for a chap can't wait, Or, look here, boss, I shall kick you out! You take it from me. That's straight! Then the stony glare of the ghost gave way to a much disgusted look, And his gory locks at the weary man. the spectre solemnly shook, And he quickly mined on his spectral heel and strode through the bolted door. AVid down! on the stairs, saluting his ears, came the traveller's trumpet snore. K.C.N. 