"The Shadow ot Fernbrook." A Romance of Maorlland, oy Atha VVeotbury. au ii Mi nr. i: i 0IIA1-TKU XIII. MAUI. uAHU.Mi.tij. Tl» <I.A)a aro Rludwmo cIaja lor JzS h. f- m ,u"> '"" 'ful AUUIIRt ZfJ ht li,'. . ,,"t -n«i old Ut, by the Adriatic. a"'"! .urpri.mu oven t„ iSZuI'A. 2 ,ou" oouo'"1- ti»» mid g"? d'. all, .van u. that a"" Un"" » Tho httd- mt opoiu hu oym m wuonrr, and al- acm iiiu his Munddor Idiom to tho lS? !f !? rn ,,n" "'»"Aing oIuok; mJ/1 . '» """> 01 the world, nd though proud of hia name ann In. " W sli-anoh lion ol tho Ai- ISStl&r;? »"> , «A« man uiiury ttus tjaujouu nulord. tho .on ol lSl,,. At- first tho prima omuiuiu a item unymluing front, it, is tlm policy oi h.» eili|uo not to gtvo way ruuiiiy. Vio- JAnto » very young, bho umy chougu . mL "J"lUU''t')0i bo argue. in>- aiuas, his yvung guusc may and a mora suitnbJo wiio a-nonmit. the ttur uamu, ot ius own nation, unii so ou. The coioD.aed euorla ot thu iovers. nowover, soon storm Uio eilooei. 'i'lmra ia no rest, for thu poor "padre ' morn- «g, noon or ruglit, uutil m sheer ue- opwr he ertw "pecutvt.'' It ia arrongoa that- Violaatc sluill re mam with hnr taUu-r one yvai lunger. If at tfia ana ot that time nil tbiuga aro Jarourubm, lrnice di Kuuutaiuuwiii journoy with h» daughter to Aow />t..w iaml, whuru tho pair sbml bo utarrmi. Ibo betrothed are tulishwi with m,» assurance, uud tha days una week go wifUy by lor tbeui, tu uue sweit tiuuu. tide dream of iiappino»s. In those delighitul August tlay« At- tou Lyuiiburst sat biinseti retoiute.y to work. The great book thui m tu be hi uastorpmcu haa been advuncod u togo, but it bos been put a-Hilo tor other work just at prencut. New. hn» omto to him from time to fiuo of the many change that hare tukeu place tu Maorilaud. A war ot extermination is rending tho ootouy asunder. Alen are pJuntiluJ, but thu Goverumi-nt vuifvru are ampty. There are uo uiuiutious ul — w maawh. iwwu uf » puvriUMC band consisting of some twvmy per- sous, and whoso htttdejuarters oie siiuh- S? 'T ol Auckland. Lady Jflanaho fruror aud Viotvrtuo Uuylaud are tho foremost personages m thu work. Tho latter turn tukeu to the »t«ge. Nightly amid all the uncer tainty ana terror reigning throughout tha land tha "irinccs' Theatre ' is orowdod from roof to doors, to hear Oapuio Ilargraroa daughter. Nows- |Ntpcn havo columns in praise ot her beauty and her talent. Mousing over theso tilings thu nove list luw woven together n brisk comedy lor tho PrinceM in which Yictorme Gayland shall form tlio eentro of at traction. He knons the kiud of msi- tion that will tit her, for in the years gona by ba haa studied her every tone and gooture. All tliia blue, cloudless autumn morn ing tlio young author has been roum- ifig . rcstluwly about tlio old house at Hot Undo liko n porturbed spirit. lie uannot) wrilo; thought witluu him is too fanciful. To muse, und dream, und woavo airy inutgva, without term or oonnootioa, fita his mood, llu goes down to too groon hollow beliind thu bankur's villa, a dusky doll, in whosu bottom lioa a shining Uko of clour spring water, rush fnngad and full of \- " dtapa.and shallows. Standing upon- tho roedjrmargin, he bugina to cast stono ' thoroin, and to watch tho widening mr- «1CB. "My friond lias won a noblo wife," ho says to himself, these Dcklo faucicsi of his shifting from tho phait(a.vuiul world of polita comedy to real.lifo and Ralph Wane. "Sho is just tha kiml of girl for good women to admiro and for erring man to rororonco and avoid. Tutf tutT Alton, my man, thcro. is no dangor for' thoo hero. Few ntcn of lotters havo ovor mated with your soperior womom. Perhaps Sholloy is tho only instance, and ho found his hap piness by a lluko. Ho throws another stono into tho lake, smooth as tho plaoidcst mill-pond, when a well-known voico brooks ut ou his roverio. "Hollol What oils thoo, wanderer? Why art thou musing lioro alone, in stead of preparing for tho picnic? It .was the voice of tus friond, who come languidly forward with a huge cheroot in his mouth. "It's consumodly hot," replies Lynd- hurst, peevishly "1- rather admire some peoplo who aro novor content ox- cepb when being baked- or boiled. To day I havo no desire-to tost how much my anatomy can bear without being absolutely grilled." "My door follow, you aro killing your- eolf with hard work," says the othor in a moro serious tone. "I havo searcoly seen you for two wholo days," Lynil- hurst laughs. "Find a Juliet for me, 'mon ami? end you will not soo mo at il.- Wamo shifts his oy<vglass rtith u nervous twitah. "Egad, I'll do that if yon will only promtso to play Itomoo In proper form," ho answered. "Ho you know we aro to havo most of tho , notables In Vonioo at our 'al frosoo' party? Hosidea, tbero will bo our countrywoman, Mrs. Colonel Mason and her three daughters, togothcr with tho Oariingtous, who only arrived from London two days ago. Select a Juliet for yourself; and bo happy. Our dopnr- tnro from hsnae Is close at hand." with A sight "I wish it was to-day. Warne," .re sponds tho novelist. Then', seeing u look of pain an his companion's face, added quickly, "So far as your humbto servant is conooruod. I havo rocoivud a letter this morning from our un- happy loudj tho contents' of which make mo long to return at once. Tlio Maori es havo ovor-run almost the wholo of tho Northern Island, and it behoves ovciy man of us to toko up anna ond rcpol them. Hear \\\orno, 1 fool like, a kicked our, dawdling nwny my timo, instead of boing iu the van with thoso who are strivlug for tho sal vation of our hearths ana homes." Warno sighs agaiu, lights a cigar — his third sluoo breakfast-—' "Lyudhurst, if wo aro not sbipwrockcd. you and I will bo at our posts in littlo moro than a month," ho responds, shaking Ins friend's hand. "In throo days I intend to bo in London. Tbouco Muorumid, hot You will join us to-day?" "With pleasure." . Alton Lyndhurst goes back uguin to the house, which by this timo is he- ginning to 811 with visitors.. Thore aro voices spcuking iu Italian and English, ond laughter, and bang ing of doors, interlarded with tho tunes «of a grand piano. Ono of tho Jli» Masons Is hsmmonng out Thalbcrgs "Last Row of Bummer" in a manner which shows - unmistakably that this young tody's musiasl education is alto wether of tho florid school. , , Alton tooks neither to tho right nor to the left, hut goes up to his own room, a large, 0117 chambor at the buck of thu uifuuton, orerloukiug tiiu lake and the eoodud dupe thai rim from i it. IW ViolaniM fiu vi«| with tier kind- hearted |iar|ro in making thu young uoloniu cumfurtnblo. Thu unvulist's ixirtuhlo writiug-dmk, a piocu of furniture altogether perfect in its appliancm, stsmls iimtincly «»P«?» by the wiuduw. ilr. Lyndhunt suits luniftolf thiTTAt, nud Wgius to .toy with «n ivory papcr-cuttcr. Tired , m U1.1t, In, iimuui himsuU upsiring und I limiting every tiny drawer uf thu um- ohinu, until hi »»ye ulnnrui iuhiii a plimojpali in a volvet tram,- King tn A wniiinnV photugrnph nafuriillT or that Ihouglillul i»K)k- htilf t«>mlvrui-ut half punilvxity-WMul.l li.ir«t|y rloud lii« liitu as he runtvmplntcA it. A woman's Utu, delicately |.aiiit<«! 11% a nnniaturn nil ivory, nut n r-unin,,., fn„., Vot nut aliHulutoly huuuli/ul.ft-utiircw Miiall and fitiely-cut vy«, darkest hazel; hair auburn, the rc.d auhurti. Oi. rich, red , ."T1 "/ a, uewlv-fnllrn riifstiiut from which the hmk lin just- parted. And oi-li hair; It talU mv.t tho demler t'gnru hkn » niuiillr, falls almost lo the kiiin-s. Thu woman in dressed in »om„ loose, M'tni-clawio rolie, girdlnl at liie usist, higli to tho tlirnni. hut slees-,- lesv, lusring thu small, round arm bam to the shoulder, tho tajn img twml dis. pUynf to perfection. 'Itn» photogruplier must lmro bcrti uti artist who (mwi! thu lady for Hun portrait. Alton replaces thu piututo with a sigh. "I ouglit to write my level best fur her,' ho says to himouir. "I ann think uf hnr niUv on YictoHnu Haigtnre, thu daughtnr uf my f>h«ktw|HNiro-l'oviug, jouy old friend, not an the tirio lady with a Hugo furturio snd 1 futiciful wluiu for thu stage. Huigbu!" Hu turns over the lulios of n chtsely.vrrit- tcu inaniisiTipt, dips lira pen m tho ink. "Kutor Cecil llallinsrote. No! Tlio Mtno lias ruiircly abaiub.ncd me to day. Smiling 'Inalla averts her (nee. Nuthitig but tho claasioa will suit V utoriuo Gaylaud." Ilia drumatikt drops his pen, and louka dreunly out of thu window. In 1 thu (natter of dreaming bis l'ega>us r bus a Hue rem, aud manages to gut over the grnunu at a brisk trot with out thu assistance of tho Mures. "l'oor Victoriuv," lie sighs at length. "It is Useless attempting work tu-dav; Cecil ifaliuscuto and thu rust uf thu druraatU pcr&oiiai; of my modem eumedy aro a dumb oa tho sphinx. Provoking rather, for 1 thought 1 should a liavo dashed olf my throe acts iu a week or so, and potted it oil ui tho Princes', und so have rejourned my promise. Pshaw ! Why ptomisu.' » ny trouuw myself at all \- -wut bur ladyship and bvr freaks r Wiiut is Mm. Gayuind to lae)''' It sevnus a knotty |>oint to answer, mruiduring the timo ho takes to pon der thu i|ticstion. Hu thinks ovur it as he puts away hi< paiKirs, and after Ihnt little task is accomplished, in stead of going into luncheon, he ligjits n cigar, and saunters off into tlio puie- grovu, reflecting as ho goes. "Aftor nil I ramu on this trip puroly f«>r rest and recreation, and I don't wco why I should worry myself into a fever about a play for Mrs. Victorine Gov- land to star _ in. I'll go to tho picnic." Hy tho timo ho reaches tho court yard of the llfila do Roumninu, he liuds his friends uavc must unit fur tho march, tho ladiun in an alnnning ma jority. /'Ah, truant, you Imvu turnwl up," cries Raroni, n rising violinist and a bachelor, but with a volubility of small ta.k equal to six ordinary bachelors. "Cospotlol wo thought you wero lost like ono of do Imlnvs in da u-und," Count Polquin, fnmi.il for thrco things, viz., head, moustache, aud pfiunch, is also of tho party, unit plays second fiildlo to Hnroui admirably. Tho party havo decided to walk. A spot among tho hrouzy hills of Sauto Curio is to ho tboir destination, and they have arranged to roturn hy moon light. The way they go is dolininus, through narrow pallia, between strong bunks clotliod with ferns and mosses, with pitta trees rising tall on tho rough slop oh above; then past n group of mighty trees, beneath which rcclino in easy mdolrneo a dozen or so' of stal wart Rohcmians halting for a mid day rest. fhoy luive to climb steep and nar row patches of rock, ford a torrent hero and there, which impediments aro prov,ocutiro of much mirth to our pudostriana. It ia long past noou as they ascend tbo wooded rang of tha mount-. "Don't look round, one of you, till you oomo to tlio top," orica tho violin ist, whereupon everybody turua instan taneously, and thore is a simultaneous gush of admiration from tho English party. Hehind them, around thom everywhoie in tlio aunny distanoo rise tho hills, dark, and brown, and bar ren, pointed against tho light, and tho docp blue sky. "Beautiful. "How lovolyl" "You ought to haro waited till you gob to tho brow of tho hill," soya tho rolatilo Bnrosri, . raxed that "coup do tbcatro" should bo lost. Tlio party hull ou tho crost of Santo Carlo, and look back. Tho panorama is a little wider hern- they see deepur into tho wooded ranges, and tbo yat- loy whcro.tlio broad Del Pando winds liko a long silver serpent. They g&zo; out at tbo wluto dots, forming tho homesteads of the winegrowers, scat tered far apart among tho hills, and Itoyond these, to tho wide bluo sea, still, calm, and glittering liko a vast sanphiro in the distnnco. For a moment oreryone of them is as ardent a worshipper of naturo as Wordsworth liimselt. Rut tho air blows fresh 011 tho&o; greou heights, and hun ger begins to assert his away iu such a manner that thero is a unanimous call to dinner. Tlio meal is soon sprotid iu n wuidy nook, with' a tiny casondo . of clear wntor lit close proximity for mnktng tea. Cold moats, Polish bread, straw- liorries and peach ee nro fully appre ciated after that long walk. Tho adlm consume orange pekoo 111 an alarming mannor, considering, tho paucity of ton- cup nvailublo. "It's very odd, soys Alton Lynd- hurst-, gazing out .at tho undulating landsonpo beioro him, "tliat men eun turn their backs upon naturo, and shut theinsoivcs in houses liko packing cow, breatliing sewer gas ami sucht like poisons, when horo con bo had tho os« sonco of vigorous health," "Pah I my dear friend," rospond Count Polquia, "tho Italians aro gre garious animals, ono and all. Nothing so attractive to uh hs tho crowd, and no doubt that is a curious indication of how email a world wo posses within ourselves. Such men as Dante could afford to inhabit solitudes. ITo had his world within." "You speak, sir, us if thoughts ami fancies wore hotter company than men nud women," cried Warne, laughing. "Per baocu! not I. I love this scene ns a picture, but I doubt my capacity for being out of the thronged city, ' re plied tho count. "Tlio prowi am con flict of life aro necessary to my boing, I admire tho country, but R beauty and its tender tranquility would I tho death of inc." ; "Oli, we will consider this an un- clmntod islo, with Gaunt Potquin for our Gbliban," whispers Baroni to Edith Bfoson, which rotnark sends that young lady into a fit of laughter just as she is about to sip her t«a, causing tn» aromatic liquid to flow tho way nut intended br nature for Its rermi- liun. Tlu'y arc u-ry murry over thuir (ii|»y re|>nt. when it Is ended tho part >K<gm to wundor away in twos und Ujmw. '?w vrmember, todies and grutl«v- muii!" iIm m, -t ||,« piinru, " wu »ll ,ul ,JI "'")l wght u'u-'ock. Wu shall thu full moon l«» sroimpnuy iL'lrghlful! It -uuiuS as if the kmk,-r had siniiigul fur tho muou ho- fo:r|iuud. Altuu Lyndhurst and Mnud (ftti>ug- ton wundrr uwa.v adtmii thu Inri uf the ca', j,ln. wihtm rltL-tiTA of while Klur- online 1,1m-. bordur Rn cour-r. |:ks i airy M>nfim<N. Tlieiu is 11 soft. u,um- ial rippto m tho sir like thu (all of many fountain. Ovurhiwil tho rti> rt l«- stands out gruun uud fragr«(i(. fnxu which romus tlm rmpcr of many l.irdv niu iiorcfut Iiim anchored liiin.,'lf by thu idu id thu young lady during the whofn Widk. und has played K„ion> like a man who has n port qurto unuitr<l t« him. Hu has rorrini on w fu-ihuta uf 01011 talk without even »o ttnrh .» it, ting a glum-u at her tn rntidr hiin- u!f wIlMthur .ha. ia tmir nr il..) '. .II ... slrurf. When ho dmn took at hur. ho 1 urjiri«ml at iho wondrous rburm and (wanly of hur puoon. T<i a mini of Lymlhtirx's i'utfifi-:,u.tiu ruutning for the beautiful, ft hnniLomu wutnnu had it utiraetiou, but hi admiration wont ho further than the more gritfilirjdiun whirl) Im wiity over girrw to tin cr«, of mi artist, fn Mniat (brliiigton/hnw- uvur, hu found himself foon i« fani with snmetluiig loftier and nobler thiui ei.tnmott beauty. To ono who iiiiikg.iuii Im hud lurnul thu world insidu out. liko an old glove, and found nothing uf fn-»hnus» or innocence in it for him, Iho sight of this fair. pure, girlish faoo looking tip at him in guitaioM enjoy ment made him draw a dwp breath of gladness, as if ho felt himself in a purer atntosphero than tbo air of hr «rcry-day_ existence. Tho complexion is not fair, but has that frw-b bloom winch romus of an <qn-ir life; the »f« darkest grey, mi dark that, til! they turn ami meet his own. Alton thinks them black; the hair darkmt brown, and superabundant, for thick plaits roiled closely »t tha l«ck uf tbo head are innocent of trndding. r ranker, fairer face never smifnl n;Hm mankind. Nu dangerous faecinatimi here— nothing of the siren or the coquette in this young English maiden —no "history" in her glad, young life. The novelist hns plenty uf time to study the face of nis companion as they wend thoir way over tno 'heights uf Santo Carlo. As a wearer of ru- inanru. nu i« nsiumur a studeqt ol liumnnitv. He looks at this girl thoughtfully, almost rerermtly. To his fanry she seem the very spirit cf rustic inrtn pence, not the innorencd of the milkmnid. or shephuriless, hut ofz dnmsel nf lofty rare, simple n« Per- dita. high bred as Rosalind. .Sim is certainly iHnutiful, mora nl»- solutely Iwautiful than he hail heliercd her at first. Tho dark, rich hair, wbirh waves a little at the temples, the' pen- rilled eyebrow, tha noble modelling of the mnuth nnd chin, might satisfy tho most exacting critic. There is mind in that fair -young fare. "I was 0 pleased to hear from Mr. Warm that you are the Mr. Lynd- Iiurst, she snys, sommrliat slowly, "the author, whose books hare givnti us so much pleasure." Tlm norelist pauses, surprise deple ted ou every feature of his faoa. "I was not nwwro thnt my poor effu sions had t ravelled so far," -ho rwponds, quietly. "1 hiii proud to think that our antipodean ideas arc deemed worthy of porusal, however." "Fame, liko Truth, will hare place." shn answered, gaily. "By tho way, do yon know a certain Colonel lzmgroro, of Mount Topoa?" "Know him I Tlio' colonel Is one of my moat intiinota friends," rrierf tlio other. "I "Ho ia also ray undo," replies Maud Carlington. "For soma years wo liavo hod our regular monthly mail from tho mounb." , .5, "With all its N'mr Zealand .goudo, nmvspnpera, mngnzinos, tatters, etcr" interrupted Alton, Inuring. "Truly so; mamma, who is a tremen dous reader, dnrours' a box full of litcraturo every mull. I know she is not fond of norris generally, but- sho rend your 'Fcmdnla Holme' twice over, and was so dolightod with it that 1, being n woman, and baring a woman's ruling rice— curioslty-must needs pcniso it, ok a matter of course." '"Ahl if vanity bad sway with mo, I should be tempted to say that tho pre vailing malady of women had smitten mo, Miss Carlington," . be nufcwcrcd, buntoriugly. "Men aro always curtaua to know— I mean osneciully literary men— what reoeptinn the niry areationa of thoir brains may havo nt tho frauds of those who rood end attempt to nmifomiso tliem." She turmt a shy, upward glimoo : at him, half serious, half arch. ."I can not lay claim to any subtle dissection in thu matter of fiction," sho says, quiotly. "Your story is not like tho majority of Iraoks I liare re«d." "Why, prtyP" "Becauso tho characters opticar so real and Mfnlikc. Men am) -women who imvu sufforcd and sinned, and the sin ning and sufforing with its briof alter- nato gloum of Kunsldno are so vivid that when you hare rouchod the cud of all you lay down tho work, nud wander whether this run he puroly imagination." Alton Lyndhurst opens widu hia eyes in astonishment. Woro it not- Tor tho glad, girlish expression on 1i«r young, frosli face, ho would occupt her words as tho grentost flatteiy. "f did not know that young ladies nf tho present day— with tboir schools, their village poor, thoir lionsrkcoplng, gardening, church-going, o|M>nw, mid wluit not— lmd timo to Ktudy modern romance," he anawcra, after u taug puuso. "Perhaps -it is . because of ouoh numerous duties that n quiet hour's rending is all tho moro onjoynblu," she responds. "All, Miss CnrHugtoti, you Uvo unlv to do gooil to othoro. My ambition' is but to. win n shred of fatno for mxtmIL How sorry a busman mine,, in pom- pnrison," ho says, with doopust sigh. No surer, straigjiter way to a woman's heart than self jieprooiatimi. Maud Carlington turns u look n(- his thoughtful fare. From- that moment slio is interested in him. "Fame has bcon, and over will bo, tbo noblest uinhition of man." sho re sponds, with just the faintest tinge of a blush rising to her faro. "Who would bo groat amongst tho muss. nvc thosn who hud uepirod to. fume?" "True, yet thorn is 110 higher numo than Grace Darling's among English women. This lady owe her renown to heroic nets, not to gouui. Cotno," said ho, with u bitter laugh, "you wore praising my book just now. Would you like to havo written it?" "Nay," she unswers. raising her can did oyes to lit, "to havo written Midi n hook I must havo suffered— must havu known tho ugouy and thu throw of homo gresit sorrow. Provident has given mo n happy Hfo among good people. I would not havo your gomu at tho cost uf your experience.'' Alton Lyudhunit laugh outright. 'To bo a good rfcliuostar uf jititiiaii naturo one ntiut know thu wurxt side of it?" ho ask, evasively, , , "A painter must first receive thu im- provt.un of hi picture rru his brush translate it on tbo i-unra-. It ii thn "'llion jmi do leave (t liwrgiu 1"'' inmifinutiun?" "Si-?, but f over boar iu mind the eld ii'lugi- ili.tt (ruth U vl(ung» r llu»n fMtimt. Y. ur uurk ul pnru iinapty i> a u ImkIi wiibuut <1 soul, 11 laiup witta Ml.l hglil." I am Miv« r.irliug'Mii." he -ay-, ntifi « smile. Hu vim believe T. iiii>.iiii tc..lh frit the ten iljji- depth ul -mumii .b-pi11.1l in hi- u.m.I 'In .MroiorUm'.-" "Whv leu " 'li" with lur Inink Inuk. full npuu Im -Wl,,. drall in.n-nm 1)1, |H1 nL« 11 1 griui e-.-en uf 11 cliiltl 'r Tbu r.M'MM abv I but- 1,, int-l rhe p.-| btiiriHio is bte.iH'u I feel bet. it und bruv.-t ..fu-r ,1 i.., |lr r.uu? llm «hn:« mil., nf Mile'., buing. f In.. ti-vu dm uieole-t .ml Im linuvsmr K» nmv lets been liii vut|Mlb-lir »llf- fi .ing with iiuitikrtt'l." Alton Mgln. ami ii In ah-tnir- l«d imotl lie tolbur- fair i"in|i»ninn wlioruver b# m»> !..ul Tltey gt» burly downwHrd iii'n n ii-mLmii holbm, uliero (he ruin el <111 <mI lemplc-- ilnrknmsl will) mns-u. ;iu<! Imiim I, i.l.-. It\ innutlllU«l ktilllu-. !; ill., riulxxi siltuun fhuy a biufgi. ami -.troy far nlong llm Link ul tlm walet- enurs«w.yW|.m w.fl, m-be-. water llllo. and a frrufii-mti „f I nig, (-m.-mtt-. ptuk .mil blue. Here ib.-v talk ut nun things- "I lw.uk. piirtiuw. emutviii nun. brnull- fid women, mul U-tli . ..1 .Mam! Cnr- liuuiMri fiwr-ulf. , .ihu 1- mi nnl.v 1 In 11 . (hi tan if H rare wlm nun Heath Giuiige. uii .)!.! pbtiv nwar <lu»ii in lb.- W .( ISi.l- iiu uf Yuik-lnie, half iimiM-tur, lt.ilf rostle. Tbo gie.'it timhie pile i- like a n»\»l palru-u, shut in by iIuiim- Int. si land, which shelter m their mesMs the duu (Jeer, and the yrry lu-run by its pools. Around |U niin.-nt wall- I lie rents tiindw by Hie prt|Mi|«i|« ,,) (be Iteii- .i.l. nro ..III ri.il.;.- IW..r. thn I'lnn. tagrnets, the Cnrlinglnu- nt Ih-uili Grunge belli high ollicc in thv Slate. Iu ths nhlen dn.v tin Grange lud borne the storm, and lui-Knd in (be -urwhiliw of the .urr- rf rofrma wheel of fort line. I,,.! ,„».|e it tbu audience place lur king-. (Iiim nt il riMims had held the iNptivu qiir.11 Mary Stnari. Il had bum t he fiirmiriii- haunt of enurt bfuillie, uliwiu |hrv Iiml rc.nl the Use 'lion met" of niv Lord Itochcster. Thw Isle fluMomUiit of the old ,N«u- man family, ('nil ('arlingtnu. hni u entoiiel of ibe Innrors. and the hmt wonUitwn iu thw Briti-b army ; Im porished in Seindn. al tlm brmt <>f in regiment, while Maud uj only tin in- ,TJie old Grange bad turn dceply nirtrtgsgn! rr» (olniiel f 'nrfingtMii time, snd was now aUmi in |kis away for errr into the hands of stranger". "Ami the old place sill <uc voti nn tnnre?" «y. the nnrelUt. "No inotel" erliMus the gill, tvilli ft ftir-ulT liwik in hur dark evi-s. 'Krum henceforth New Zraliml i- in be oiir home. My miitlier'lia- gireu n ptMmi-r to join her brother ut Mount Tii|wu." " Hlki yoll gn at oner?" asks Allnti. "Not- yet; toy unrie mil juin n- .-h Naples. We are jouinrving tint her In awnir him." shn n««pnnd. They are interrupted l<\ .iiiotlu-r hrvy nf the party who join them, nud llm whole party make their wee i« tin place nnpnintrd as the rumluzvou. By law time thuy hate lmd aunllier refre-liur of ten it i- quite d»r|. ; hut up rom< thn round, full m»mi, n- thu jirinro' had dupictud. to' light ilirm \- Tlio wnlk i- delightful, /llm old gnhluM of Dol Gradu appear <11 view murh too soon for Mime nf tlintn. "Good night. Mr. Lyndhurst." "Good night. Miss Carlington." Tho novelist- i tired, hut be doe nut retire tu rest. Tlm morning fmiuil Iiim musing— pondering yet. ilo'.wfll oe hor agniii— Maud .of tlio roso garden— with her rlettr cut. fare, not proud, but sweet. He euu fnacv Nuch n face growing hnulencil with 1 irido— growing fixed us marble, were ier mind oiitrngnd. the strong se.uu of right ustnilcil, or the rontempt fur mcanums once nruitmvl within her. Ho has been with hor but halioi-dozeii short hours— nay. not mi iiturli. Yet tho knowledge nf hrr chumetcr hu crowded iuto hi inmost heart, tu ba thero rooted, as if he lmd known her ull his life. CHAPTER XIV. at ust Pater Dusk, the detect ire, sab in hi room overlooking tha Grand Cnual, ond smoked. until hu hod enveloped himself 11 in 11 thick mist. It was liln invari able practice to suinko furiously while working out «ny mental problem. It mtrsb Iravs lieoti a knotty, nuint Hi is sue, for thougli it- was early morning, liu bad consumnd sereral aiHniliin over tbe subject; mid that subject wu none other than tlm escape of 11 madman from tlie asylum of a private idiuIIujum), in tho city, lly tlml queer rum hud, known I rest tu hirt casta, uf tracking crims and its iHin»trator> thrnugli their nranifutd lab.vrintli, Peter . Dusk had found Ilia man. ouly tu lorn him the next doy. ' .... It seemed strange, indeed, , that Fcrubruok, Muupnib, or whatever unmu tho master nf the . I!nrrir.r Rook was known by, sbuuld bo disowcrcd iu n madliouMi iu Venice. Hub so it wai. The detcctirn Irad given no explanation as to bow lio-gaiucd the cluo thnt- Ie«l his >trp» t« the nsyluiu. H wan Miili- oicnb fur hiiu thnt unu uf the lunatics therein was thu pcrwu he hail trucked half round tho known gluba. There mis nd mistaking tho original to the pliutu-' graph which bad guided the nflicer ull thrnugli his tang, patient seurrh; the simpltat uuudlo would huvn i-<Ntguised thu likeness in tm iiuttont. Tlie piHir patient, with his great Mack eyua ablaze, pleudul hard with ius ujuulry- man to hot uim ire"., nun iac uciceuvr ouly shook itin heud in alfn-tdl pity. Onco without .the walls nf tho mad house, Dusk hugged himself in luumi'i;- tary Lrimnpli. At last hu hud run hu> ulmi to earth— had him safe, under luck ami kuy. Tu-niorrnw his enuiluyera should nee Fornhrookfor thcm(Vlve>t.. . Thoy ;went im thu inurrow- AVarne', Lyndhurst, ami Hie smiling, terrible limb of Hie law. But ho they went to mo hud gone— escaped, ami left nut thn ghost nf ft clue behind him. H10 sceptical novelist latighnl at the whole uffatr. "I'tu nfrpic? ynu'ie. been working too hard in '. this »u>c. my friond," ho sold, hi u kind tuty to the crestfallen runner from Scotland Yard. "I ehnnut but admiru (be tm t find skill displayed in your trauiug the duhigs uf Fambrook und his friends, but when you nllirm limb Im in here iii 11 lunatic Hs.vlmu in Vciiieu. t beg to differ fruni you. Except Hilton Fcrnbreuk has Hie power nf Asmuduuh ut his buck, and am transfer liiuisi-lf from one liciui- siihtTU to uiiothor with tlm -|H'ed of thought, 1 cannot seu how it is possible ho can hu iu this city. Besides, did mil Alio iiiHMtcr of Del MadilUm s»y tills boif-sami) luuutio hud Iwuit emifiniHl thero fur over three y«us? l.lnw can ynu reconcile that statement with your theory' thnt thu poor wretch was tho nmstor uf Kernbrook?" . J'ctcr Dusk disduiimd tu nrguc, hul hu ransacked U10 nhl Venetian city froiu St. Mark to K1 Pcido fur tlm - capuo, It wps uf 110 avail, however; | |hcru was im more uluu In he lmd uf ht'ii 1 Ii.mi il Um urib lmd guped and him. Wl,.-,, || U||.| MiiMh. «' : v .- .-tided. IVie. I Li I. lud j!mm» Del Grade til... roue... u I I, , had » i""- I ta.nili.ii. I,l.,,..l .Hid IV I NM.I (be I time be -ite-ked ftlld Kgitn'i d the lituie puzzled In- Imuutr " " a I,,'.- r . Di.t M. f.Tiiilluuxt pel Imp ' lie tab:.'!" ' TdMii'i .i/t I I mil- ' '"rhe '!!»» 111 'ihlt.MI , .1.1! ,,, /....land . '/ - '!/'!.. MMd-liMU-e'll- be> ' i .I.I.M," V'" i'it < Hie 1 l.'il lllil.ll . i- eilh.-l Hie ' > nut ii 1 M.iq.»..i. Iluinjili ! iln.il..' f'-.. ft., »-. bi.Me, III III 1 H'-llln I'll' -m ..II H. H'. Kiel if 1...!. bit lie ... ... l» 1 II. e btHe eln. k MI. I lb.- Mi.Mileli.iece I -J I luit-.-i III 111 . Al -"II I M.t M..S I ... bim-efl. Iff r..,t cm, I-', b im.I I. || 1I..1 mm I- 1\. i.el »I.m«. ui.hiii.I I II I.M.t Inc.. I'.M.b I limi t Miece It bit HMd. V i i, -Ibe. mmiiI.1 iu,t have d ... -mike.) he did. H >.!». 1.4 b.-.e The f. Ii.. - f.lig!--!. i.. i b. ll ui.tl.e let h.t,.|..ii «t 1 1 -». 1 'i'1'lil ,.f m, -It l.ide ibe. 1 1i I'.tri II be g,H- l.. H.r ..'I..-. | m .....mm t., t.ntif .rlU .Mil. I'll )M«k ii) I l»- Mil. Khd r- I.Miidm) ii.-; " I' d»e> li» 'I I .ike hui. b.i.g Im put -lie .1. entail i iii .. ee« ti' inn. A .leilller f.-ftlid reudv (tir .e.I.ni; ...el IMel Cm.; tak.-v a |M"»gr in bet ! 1- .« (Mid. windy ecri.ti.g tlm I.m.N Ittll »ft (he dlplHTC iMTi-tlieMl. el (lie rand. In-iend ui wending t,-. .m.v e tbe MltlUlics. I lie delettne -..e traiglit 1.1 his ui Ludgnie. «i r.-. 1 , nn.! rome Inrth mu>mii uitlmi Ibe belli- qiule tran- frntn-d ||'|h .tram ... ('.illiug it cull, be dlivr Inn an I« Temp!? B.i'. If (iii- iimm'. >11 Lnildnll. bell h.ite .. pee,. ibrolre.' lie %iiu le bimell. It.-gm <r I111111I in, it'- ,-tlt (he. -am.-. A- mn.ii .is they're !el ei.t m Hie . .,gr lle-t Ire drawn Im tlie pbiylmu-e a ii l-y itlAgie. I'll ImK'U with Hm- lle.tlre-.' |li<.ftii««iitg Him trap, be widk- ilewu In i he Adelphi. wad. pacing Iii- -billing. ;raeiid- «u lb? g..lbry. wbeie ie »-» abn.'-l ex i-ry penmu iu ibe hoii-e. A few itiiMUl.s -nlbte lo iimriure hull (li.il Ibe .-M-.it d ni.elni.in i< nut From (he Adelphi 1%-iei Ihek im Dritrv (Ktite. Iu»l.-ad nf m»iiiit»uc to ill! gallery, lie take a -e.it in i lie dt.-s eiiels. and b-k- rontid .11 Hie ai ro 1.1 bend- and fur.-- irotrding Hu- (dace. Auuv nut rMiider ii.-iu the tag.- hi Hie pit Hie .lel.i'tice -nd- deidv Ml- III? mail be i- luukilig fur. There is UM itu-ttikiug that piMM-l. dark. Siimi-li-bke ik. e. s it It ib. .b-et 1 t.q.|HM| I, Imk hair and mmi-turln The mail il leaning illtb.leiilly again! the stilge-tarv i>el deeply intent upini iii? jietlni luniii.-i, and is dre-ed ill a -lid nf Milier tared, lb-hue Hi? Mine i- t.melii'lerj IVlrl Hit-k bn> taken n mmI beside the man in the pit. Hiitl Jin- MiiiPed Imn-ett l»?. cuM'l Ibe smu'lrtt shmbm of .1 dnul.t lhai lie is the r>fftpi'c from I >.-1 Mailt- "Fine plav. me friend." The man turn- nud look- «< Hie Scut, laud Yard imiiier tall in Um iaee. "Il i a grand be ie-p«ftd-. slowly, nud in 11 rich, liuuilc vniie ilia' find 11 tune < melnnclinly 111 ii. "Bui it i- badl.v mounted. In Fnuien limy attend in tlm-e things iuhiii »<t limn in Euulimd." \ou nr a Fienclnuaii, sir-'" "No!" replied the strauger, smiling. "Nur yet nn Kuglisliuuni; I may say thnt I iiiii » (iisiiinpnliinii. having 'iravell.il - as Uu-y -ay in America". "Ate ynu mi American:1" "Ynu ate eiiriuu.-. lay friend." -aid tlm ntlier. goisl-lmmuureilly. "In Frnm-e, and i-veu in (he I'liitad Slates, they havu 11 rule in »«eiety culled eti quette, nhieh uieaiK thai, rude que.— linns are deserving rude answers. If ymi are iueiiiind (11 learn my iiatimml- ity. I may tell yuu thai I have mine. I repent, I um a insiiiupulitiiu." "tt.k., ..n.la.ll " k'.lll ilia. ila.t ,1,-1 1 11, . hastily; "it struck tnn that I had seen you before somewhere." "You worn » stricken deer, my friend, fur thinking mi," rcsquinded the other. "Fit cannot pw-sihly Imvo met Imfiuv." i think we Imve," eried llm delec- Tluiro was a suifi flash in the hluvk oves. ns they lurueil with sudden ami sipqueiuiis luok to the face uf the zpeakur. "Tiuliwil! w lime ?" he a-kvd, quickly. "Havu yon iniirage tu uccuinpany m»» tn the vestibule, and I will tell yimF "NVIiy lint tell me here?" replied tin: other, a iih Mime di-dalii. "I have a reason, whieh I will «iv». you utsft, if yuu will adjourn w ith .inc." "Pray. lead the way; I am wt ynui M\iee," Not another word was- spokon until tho pair renched a -mall iumiii adjoining the saloon bar. "Now. sir," mi id lite slianger. mmiI- iug hiuiMilf. "lull 11111 where yuu and t have mul?" "Ab thn Del Mtuhliim, ill Hie city uf Venice." criiil Dusk. If a pistol hnllot liud gone through tlm hotly nf the mail then uud tlicio. he cuiibi nut luive ertma'd greater snr- nrihe. Ha stared ut tha dcU'clivu in idnuk nuui/eutcut fur fully a tuiuutc. "Pray, wlm arw yuu?" hu said, at length. "I muy uiimcci- after ynitr fiehinn. and reply, I'm n cusmnpulitaii." "Ynu saw tnn in ft iiinddtuuM) in Venice?" nskwd the other iu a vacant "Vitk' I In. Ili-I Miidiliun. a urivale asylum governed hy uue Dr. Dulti Niroliiii." Tim ntlier replitil uul. hut grippeil thu hack uf hi chair with a (uuvulsivn clutch. "Il is nut- many days since I was nt Yemen mi business. I lmd. occasion tu visit Dr. NicuUni's cbtablislimeut. I Ml ft- jnu there'." . "I remumber yuu wmy/ re.s|mmUil flic uthcr, after a pause, iut whii-.h/m had rei-uvcred from his sunwise. "Yuu liuvu disguised yourself, hut I rccng- "I'ai glad iff that," snid tlm del re tire, vmilly. "Nnw. toll me'liuw yuu uMxiptMl (rum Dei Madiliuo?" . The iiiuii laughed. "Still juquisj- Hve," he >niil, ft it ti mild irony ill Id tone. "Aru yuu interested, my friond?" "Perhaps." ' "Well, the stury is tun lung, and I'm nut iu tlm humour Iu talk tiim-h." "iltiw if I laud yuu iu gaol, and semi ynu hack again tn Venice?" inquired Dusk. ... "My guod sir, yuu aru evidently in u fog respecting the law uf Kiigluud cuncuriiiag lunatics," answered Hie stranger, .with a smilu. "First ymi will Imvu tu pruvw that 1 am iiiMimt; second, (hat I cscai>cd frpui it ntad- llUftlll." "Dlfl ynu mil escape?"' ' "That is aiiuthcr quest ion. friund." ' Poter Dusk reflected 11 nmiueul. Ilu felt that ho lmd mi hirifttru to dent with hi tlm pcr&uii; uf this htrnugu'. \- WImi if I Moid fur Hi. Ni.obut. mid pi. idcii t ?f ?" -.ltd the Ileli-c. ''lb. 1 1 pro»e my .b-Mi i, C.Mib". Im di -.1 toot 11 I.mh ' IMif '" "Why. pin inqnitiwl Dii-1% "Mv friHinl (iiicstiftlis eeiu «< b«- -.1.- t em cot «mb.M-d 10 c -'ntrh'im- prai VmlUr' "itl it - mm . I tbo pb.v out." it t.. .1 Inn 1 x." -ii mI Dud., .ta.i.q. h- ; ,i the door. Do x.ui «t... | .N .. (MO d», I ' -i >111. I M k !'-» Y.lld." lod,".! .Old p-..< XL. | link. «l;.o . (bat t ,i .... -lb. mil -I,.- " ),-. il .-I Mm- ..Hi. 1 I -line bun .. ..utc n».- -trailg' i l.-Mk it, 11 m.I ||. !-l tl Mi bo tight. A bo Joot.d .<1 tb. p.-tmo I .MM,- 1 11 1 M to. .1.-. ,. . x. 10 Pel. t Dll-k MKlxlod I,;. I.M. .- rgct-.at pi . W. tl. Hint do xi-n Hunk <>! H - ' to- ,.n I. ! ,. ...rauilv III. pilot.. I I... 1, II.. I...I ..I Jra can! 1- ».„tcd P.hk I km.-, b.id liken.-- Pan-." Il max Im- .0,0 1 1 <1111 laiudoii. img. .t«n| lift t. ' Nay . 1 IM - IKMI ,»> .km hi Km ,t all." \- II. 1.- 1. aiMitl... ol ib. ..one pel. MMilge." ,,11, it || tlio l.l.dlV. piodllMftg '.ik'-n !"l roiltaiol pit-'m. "pcilMi. l.'iu lexer -.»% ibe ..limit '« " N"" «|?m »" mir." im-xroH-d lo- iimi, ",1b o gay liiucb. " v„ii haven't ." mm , -rod Uud., Si), h i, mm n- Victor M;iil- M..I, tor IK-t HIM-. b.t- II. XT be. ll MM ""ir vwtuic .aid- Yuu M.-vcr b.ald f -Ii,u|- , alt.,, th- Fx-rn-t Nmi >.», \im»xv mmIIiim >1 Captain Vinunt. ot ill.- Salon xlo. D.111,0- at Nice;- (lb. lour. IM.: Again tl,.- iu. and at th. .dfarr 11H1 ix pcrpl.x.d b.ok -I flunk, mv Hi. ml. .1 i- cm baxe l.tnkoxi m..i >f -mum bll'fltK- a-llMUl iu (bo xm-imlx, Ii Mil.- UMV Intin .1, I.v « li:K MM -.> ti I- Ilo parnoutir x'nrao ... tbe llMI.X«t. IM dub tb- MlM.br Ml mm- »mt id immiiim.' -Yuiir « imnliig tcmiiob-!, M,h luit o| x r y„M." r.pli.d Iho dol.-.t.xo -Yfttl XIX- V.t.ir Maupi.it -ixii.dl.-r and b». caju d tram Pmlhtiid p., -mm " YMtiaro'Voi taiiiji I MIX IIMIM' tb. tx- i- iim ini.takc .d.mmt it." uixit. tend the -trance, nf tl 11, c tnno kot-pilig Ir- g.i/r fixisl on tliat m( Ijl liitv |M harm bin). I uxight l.ax. if nf'« r I mv toiriblc ovio rf. ip r- iu that linug hx-ll in V.-iiac. tasik bore," bo x-ri. d. a bind. (.. Jlti-k 'nug (he bolt, and bf u- box.- a trino." "'Don't irx t m gamut nr." -aid Hu, dolntix.-. xxitb a t.ctio M.itl,. -I'm polo. Dud,. .Hid f Iiti-uii tM arre-l Villi. ViH,»r Maiiprat." Ar. x on -oriMir " A . e. I ix til f tidboxci XMII bait mi or the ..t Kiiimjm and H, rough Kg-,/ to let y mx, dip ..xii Ml in y h.xild- 1 -m.ar ti, xmii 1 bill I mov.-i I, .-mil Hie mime ut Y,. imi .Maupi.-n in n,x hfo till « l(f- iiioiiieftt." ori.-xl Ibe other, nillr m li r;.rim-l ( iMpbw-t- thnt 1 1 1«.i "Do I.l lb;, | xmii'ix- not i lix mail wiiii lepl tbo g.oo fug boll at Cimiu?" ho slid. "Nu." "Nmi- tbo - lablo at .Niio-" No! I »:iv. Wiiv tin vim a.-cii-o 1110 ot I bine-:-" ' Yuu aro a -Holy, my lino fellnw," rxupmuleti till- xlctcctivo. tiitli goutlc (area-ill. "It xvim't xb. xxiili mo. lot tno toll ynu; lye -ecu too many ,ff your Where did vmii got, 1 11 when yuu ami tiliurpo hiitul iho Seagull?" "The Seagull!" cried tbe oilier, tank ing n| hi- inveterate questioner tvilli a vague idea a- to hi- sanity depicted un xiveiy fi-nt III 1 uf Ids pale, baudsiiiiio '""Ate you 1 rally crazy, after all?" "You'll Iiml (lint out |iiv-ctiUy!" re sponded Husk, with u giim -mita. "1 ir-k you ng.no. ta»w mtuiv ul Ibe gitol I, fid- mt<ft|HHl H,e liiti itiug ftr.-c|, In side the Ferret mid your-cli "Who's the Ferret . pni.v?" "Yuur -ham valet, and Hie bigge.t rngue in I'.iu'upo; mum uu-k. witu a -igh ul iiii|iatiem-e. "(.'nine, sir. yuu can serve no piii|m-e hy playing iuiio- ccitiy with tu?. Tin) game's. lip, I tell Tlie strauger sat dnxx-u. ami pre— ed his hand- tightly urcr hi face for tho space uf a minute. Raising his bead, at length, uud Iriokiou the detective full in tlie eye-, lie said, "My xvnrthy fellow, yuu me evidently in-nnc. OHiur- xrise. you bare made mm nf lhe uro-t wt ttpid blunders on record. Ymi say mv Hume is Victor .Mauprai. ami that I um mi c? wiped onuvici. a.co-,-,1 of in- ruble eiimes." " That's it!" "Will ynu Imvo llie guodno- Iu make things 11 little eicaror us to my impii- i-ftli,mi iu tlm>e things; abu my ideoti- licftl'im with Victor Maupral. I con- fc-s yim have -nniu grmmd lur mi- piciun, if the pliotftgraph is a ftiilhltil jtici lire iff tlio man ynu -c-k." " I liavo found luiii.'1 "Very well. I not snli-licd. if ymi will he gem rmillgil to expliiiu." Peter Dusk rang a bell nn tlm table. "Bring a bottle nf xviitc," he said tu the waiter. When the man appeared xrith the liquor, he handed htm a half- sovereign and a serap uf paper. " Let that note be taken tu lliiw-slrcct nt uiicu," Im said. Aud the nailer nodded mid xx'illulrexv. "It's rather dry work talking," motioned tho detective. "I'm nut a did, at it at- any time; hmvsdm- ever. 1 don't mind telling ynu what I've been utter tlie.-e hist twelve iiohI Its. ami as I mean in be brief about it. uhlige by lilting the glasses," xx tin 111s fimiMH eu net lame, prop ping up hw hard, stern, sunburnt face, tiitd his mm-iuking eyes fized nn these iff Hie man optKisite, with lyut-like watdifuiuesh. Peter Dusk recuuutcd ull tlio points iu the life of Hilton Fern- hrnok, from hta h-avtitg New Zealand to his CM-apu from Hie burning ship, the Seagull. lb would hu iuipn.xsihle tu describe Hm change that came and went over tin, mail's face, ax hu listened. Now fierce and frowning, with spasmodic clutching uf tlm Htrong liumls; iimin Hiniliug iu ubxulutu disdain, and wither- ing' contempt, "Aud nuft'." saiii (lie dctiiitHvc, xrheti lie lmd concluded, "what have -you to reply. Vou urn the imm?" "I am Hilton Fernliruok, aud (.'uloiiri do Itnai .wax my friend. Tlml is my reply nt prc- enl," answered the hI ranger hIuwIv. "'>ou will have tu airuiiipany mc In' gaul;" " I iiiii r eady." - Aud lli« pair went nut into the dark ness uf the night. 'To Im continued.) Tu keep motliH out. . Ren/.iiie will drive tinny mollis from upholstered fur niture. Sprinkle with hetixlne. It. will lint spot or htiiiu tho . must delicate silk, mid the unpleasant nrliiur sunn passe away in Hip air. Where Ii is known (hut Hie moth-miller Iuih enter ed, burn a tabfe.-ixmuful uf gum cam- plini' III clu-cth wlmru the chillich hnuu-' 