SOCIAL AND PUBLIC MEETING Refreshments, Kupplied ljy tlic Indies? of the congregation, wgto tlmn served in the church. Thorn was ample for nil, and sufficient over. The public meeting to assist the 20th Century Fund was commenced before 8 o'clock. The Hon. John Archibald, M.L.C., presided, the Hon. R 1\ Hrontnnll, liev. J. Bowes, ltcv. Ifl. Dyer, and Messrs. O. P. Barnes and G. If. Knowles nl^o occupying seats close by. Mr. Howes read apologies for non-attendance from His Worship the Mnyor, tho Hon. A. Morgan (who made a donation of £5), and t)ic Hew. K. Meeres and 11. Kerr. Mr. Howes then referred to the financial position of the church. Ho pointed out that originally the sum of £472 4s lOd had been promised towards the Sunday School building fund, the most of which had been paid. On the 2')th of May last all additional £113 was promised, making ft grand total of £-5H5 lis 4d. Tho contract for the building was £000, and it was now estimated by the trustees that £100 more towards this fund would complete ihc building nnd furnish it free of debt. TJic Chainun» snid he rejoiced with the teachers and children on this great occasion— that of the laying of the foundation stone of the now Sunday School. To them it was indeed a red letter day—a day long to bo remembered, especially by the children. Tho proceedings hud impressed him very much, particularly the remarks of the Hon. F. T. Brentnnll at the laying of the stone. Thero was much in that gentleman's address to ponder over. The Chairman went on to 6ay that the conception of erecting the Sunday School came about some years ago, but as in such movements it took time to mature their plans. He was sorry their two staunch friends—Mr. and Mrs. T. A. Johnson—were not present: however, he hoped the new building would be properly equipped on their return from England. Speak ing for himsclfhe couldsay he always wasanxious to cneouragc the children to attend the Sunday School, and to do this he was disposed to olYcr prizes amounting to £5 during the first year's occupancy of the new building. He hopod the children would do their best to win them. The method of distribution he would leave in the hands of Mr. Bowes and the superintendent of the school. 1 Hev. 3. Bowes said the laying of the foun dation stone of the church was performed by Mrs. Taylor, wife of Iter. W, G. Taylor, twenty five years ago. There were now very few who i remembered the ceremony, but he believed that I twenty-five years hence there would be many who would remember the laying of the Sunday School foundation stone. When the school! movement woe commenced there was a i lot of speculation as to the ultimate | result. The optimists had won a victory over I the pessimists It war now on their minds to . raise upwards of £1000» that was what they I as a church were aiming at in connection with tho 20th Century Fund. With that amount they wanted to ercct and furnish tho Sunday School, re-erect the ohurch steeple, put proper windows in the church, and to paint enfl re furnish the parsonage. The amount asked for , would do that and enable them to commence the century free of debt. Up to the present they had practically £600, leaving a balance of ■ £400 to collect. The promises were payable 1 in three years, and these extended payments f did not fall heavily on any of them. A promise ; of £6 really meant giving three farthings a day. Of the result of the present canvass ho had no doubt whatever. AU that was required was enthusiasm—the possession of theepiritof Ood. It was said that the Methodist Church was only half awake; could anyone say what would really happen when the church was fully awake. Tho awakening was coining, and at that period the church would lay bold of all its opportuni ties. AU God's thoughts and deeds wore large and n>ble; bo should be ours. He advised the congregation to get into line; all that they could do would be Bmall in comparison with the blessings that had been 'bestowed upon them. Let them deplore having done so little for Him who has done so much for all. Let them realise to the full that they had been blessed* He hoped they would all be inspired with God's spirit to- do what they ought to in connection with the 20tb Century Fand. The Chairman said there was no doubt the parsonage and the furnishing had been negleoted. He had made an inspection of the property, and felt eure if the building ond iurmtare belonged to any member of the ohurch, instead of being foe commob property of the church, an immediate improvement would be affected. They had not meted out to the Bev. Mr. Bowes tho ordinary comforts of a homo, and he hoped the ladleB would assist in bringing about a change. Hon. F. T» Brentnall pointed out that he had been Announced to preside at this meeting, but ab it was the chairman's special function usually to guide the meeting or speak as little as possible, be preferred to be free. The Rev. Mr, Bowes had already indicated how much money was required and to what objects the amount would be placed. Mr. Bowes also wanted to see the church and Sunday School start the new century free of debt; they would then be free to exercise their influence for good in a greater degree than at presont. This meeting was for the advancement of Methodism in Warwick; the progress of any church ho was glad to see, for in that wav the moral well-being of the community was being advanced. Mr. Bowes had also referred to enthusiasm being required to make the movement in Warwick a succeBB, and that had made him consider it the spirit of God really entered nowa days into the working of a man as it dia with the ancient Greeks. It was this divine inspiration that caused David to enter upon building the Temple of Jehovah. Was there any of this Holy Ghost or divine influence in the church now? Yes; there was. He believed the spirit of God came down on John Wesley and changed him so that nothing could stop him going on an enterprising Christian career. There wore men whom all knew who had been called from the common ranks, and who could see thiugethat we could not and who went and did great things for God. The Almighty had not done with this world in calling forth men for His special work. The Methodists were capable of making themselves a great poweT for the Lord's work, greater than any since the Apostolic era. The church had laid itself out for great extension work in England, and the amount aimed at was a million guineas for the spreading of truth throughout the world. The proposal had also spread to America; Canada would raise a quarter of a million, Ireland £50,000, and Australia £150,000. Now the Church of England and the Baptists had taken up the scheme to provide for church extension. The elTect will be that from eight to ten millions will be provided for church work; such oppor tunities for extension had never been afforded since the Apostolio crn. In these colonies something was also beiug done, especially in the direction of clearing the churches of debt to oomnicnce afresh at (he beginning of the century. In Brisbane, ntid Toowooinba, and Warwick something more than that was boing accomplished. In tho metropolis they pro jected the erection of a Century lfall, and as they were depending on city Methodists and the large-heartedncss of the people in the provinces they expected sucoess would attend their efforts. The past century was full of interesting historical events. In the United States Methodism had reached the head of all other denominations. It wm In 1708 that the first Methodl'.t Jchurch was established In Kcw South Wille». If iIk-.v pictured what had been «lone during tile lust hundred ynirs and then considered the possibilities of Ihr» future, I hey could only inin'jino the position of tile church nt the «-Insu of Ihr next century. The desire of the church was that the people nt the end of the next hundred years should he better, mornlly find religiously, limn they are now. He was not afraid to say i\«j;iin that so far as moral influence and reverence arc concerned the present system of soeulnr education in Queensland was a failure. It fitted young men for mercantile pursuit-* and professional duties in life, but if our grand eicbUt system did n>»t tench the moral and religious sentiments llun if was not tin best einen. There was no religious denv-nt in i', ai.d (hat wae why a Irufjc deputation waited on the Premier to urge tin introduction of Bihl<» lessors i t the State school. They desired that hilf an-hour any day in iho week be tet apart for religious leeching, and let the ministers influence the moral teniiraonts of the children. Very po in I hie young life would be r< quired in this colony. It is to be regretted that number* of children wln-n they got to a ocrUin age and left Sunday School turned away from a Christian lite. Tlie r-penk»r went on to refer to the eucccrsful <floita of rrpre s»nUtivo Methodists in firgiand in con nection with tho 20th Century Fund. Up to Ilio Ic-Jnning of July tho total r.mount actually promised was 771,500 guine'is. TIi'g included many splendid donatioiiB from rich people. Tho Holloway Brothers had increased their original subscription by ÖÜ00 guineas. Mr. Joseph lhink, of Hull, g.ivo the fulluwing challenge to the rir-li men o! Methodism. He would give an additional 10,000 guineas if four other Weslcynn laymen would give 10,1)00 guineas each, and further, would also give the last 10,000, making 20,000 guineas in all. At that particular conference over 40,000 guineas had been promised to the fund. That sort of thing Mr. Bowes called enthusiasm. That sentiment pervaded Methodists just now throughout the world. At the reccnt Zionist Congress held in London Dr. Mnx Nordftu was asked whether he would class Britain amongst degenerating nations. " The Anulo-Sa&on; de generating?" he said, with quickening enthu fliam ; " no, far from it. lie is pressing for* ward. He is full of life and action—and action is the battle cry of the twentieth century. He will bo the survivor when the degenerates have disappeared." They only needed that sort of thing here to achieve success for the local effort. When they thought of all the blessings they had received they would ask themselves 44 What shall I do for nil this," and let euch one settle the matter between his own con scitnce and his God. Mr. G. P. Barnes said he hoped (he inspira tion which Mr. Brcntnali had 60 ably spoken of would find it way into the church pews. He thought the local church might well aim at gotting £500 instead of £400, for in his state ment the Bev. Mr. Bowes had forgotten to mention the porch to the church. Seeing that it would be a long time before the congregation would be troubled again the promoters should make a clean sweep at the outset. It would be a disgrace to Methodism if the local church did not join tho great movement that was now in force all over the world. Australia would be with their English and American brethren in making a stupendous effort to ex tend the possibilities of the future. Chris tianity was pressing forward, and it was the duty of Methodism to do its part " for truth, for righteousness, and Thee." The first hundred of the requisite £600 had been broken, and he firmly believed that the balance would be forthcoming. The Chairman said tho Rev. Mr. Bowes had referred to the pessimists and optimists in con nection with tho Sunday School fund. Thcso were in existence ten years ago when the erection of the parsopage and renovation of the church were urged. These schemes were launched successfully, and be remembered the night £1100 was promised. He had faith that the present schemes would be as successfully launched. The Chairman went on to Bay that the Sunday School was the nursery for the church; a successful Sunday School made a successful church. Bev. E. Dyer also spoke briefly. lie ex pressed a hope thtit the various schemes pro» mulgated would prove successful. The Chairman remarked that Sunday Schools were organised in 1781 by Bobert Baikes, a God-inspired man residing in Glou cester. At the commencement he had paid teachers one shilling per child The movement bad spread very rapidly from that time, and was now in vogue in almost every country. No one for a moment doubted the wonderful influence thes3 Sunday Schools bad upon children. Mr. B. J. Jutsum, superintendent of the Sunday School, announced that the oQicers and teachers undertonk to raise £50 in the ! next three year« towards the fund. I Slips were then banded round for sub I scriptions, and after these had been collected I the Chairman announced the result. Ho said the promises that night aggregated £323 17«, I or in the total £000 towards the £1000 required. Ho pointed out that there were a number of friends not present, who, however, would be glad of the opportunity of giving to the fund. When they heard of the success that day they would no doubt give as has been given them. Mr. Bowes announced that in December the McthodistB would hold a cake and apron fair and bruce auction ia aid of this fund. Tbey were going to ask tho farmers to donate grain and produce. On the motion of Mr. Knowles, a compre hensive vole of thanks was passed to all who had made the celebration tho great success it was. The singing of the Doxology terminated the meeting. During the evening numbers were given by Mr. 8. J. Harwood's orchestra as well as by a class of school children, and Master Hardy. 