\- GHOSTS THAT B&ONT; wiuncAD riicpiD BlnlwVii vAollilji w — ? — ? — Is England in Danger? Then is » tradition that whenever England it in danger ghost* of fpme of her former Icing* and queen* walk in the. lonely chambers of Windsor Castle. Strangely *n-wgh, Jutt a* the country is Agitated hy the -Transvaal difficulty the uneasy shade of, £ing Henry Till, has been detected1 in the act of flitting *bout the Gutfe. Then are now three ghosts of the first-class who are reported on excellent authority to be in the habit of walking through the corridor* and chamber* of ancient Windsor. , Then are:— Henry Till., Qaeen Elisabeth, Charles 1. The alleged appearanoe of Henry Till, abb been made public in a *ome wnat roundabout ' manner. It .. wa«; learned reoently that the Queen had ordered the lighting of the great State Library of the Castle by electricity. As the room is.a rery ancient one, lined with splendid1 woodwork of great value and antiquity, the work of fitting iu the eleotrio liglit wiree is a difficult and delicate . one. Moreover, it mi not \- neoeuary for the benefit of . reader*, became no one ha* occasion to me it at night - The new* about the lighting of the library, therefore, created some interest, and inquiry elicited the faot that it had been ordered by the Queen at the request, of aome superstitious members of her family and honsehold . The Is*!; person who »aw a ghost in the Oastle was Lieutenant Arthur St. Leger Glyn, of the Grenadier Guard*, a grand - eon of Lord Wolverton. He i* a young man of vigorous health with * matter of faot temperament, and i* said to be not at all mystical in hi* nature. He relate* that he was in command of the guard in the interior of the Castle: It we* late, in the evening, and he was ?Undine in the library. A dim light struggled through the ancient stained-, glass window*. . ? Suddenly lie became aware of a figure ad vanoing silently down the middle of the library. It came awiftly past him, and filled him with euoh fear and astonishment that he stood helpleis for several moment*. ' Then he recovered himself, and called sternly to the intruder to explain who he was. The figure passed on without paying any attention. Lieutenant Glyn drew his sword,. and thrust it at the figure. The sword met with no resist auee. The figure went on and disappeared through the door. Lieutenant Glyn ran out, and asked a sentinel if he had seen the man who had just passed through. The sentinel replied that be had leen no one; Lieutenant Glyn afterwards consulted with the librarian, and various old officials, and told them wh'at he had seen. The figure, as well as he oould remember, was that of a man in sixteenth century dress. He wore long hose and a doublet, which appeared to be richly decorated. He was of tremendously heavy build, and great girth. Hi* features were bloated, and wore an ex pression of anguish. Most of the O&stle; officials with whom Lieutenant Glyn consulted agreed that he had seen the ghost of Kinn Henry VIII., whose appearance has been reported at rare intervals in the Oastle. Lieutenant Glyn admitted that all he had seen tended to confirm this view. It is astonishing to find so many people of high position, and presumably high intelligence in England, who give credence to these ghost stories. Princes and pririceuses, army officers, high dignitaries of the Church, and Court officials do not question these super natural appearances in Windsor Oastle. Many of these persons give oiroum stantial account* of apparitions they witnessed. When Lieutenant Glyn 'a story became known it was decided that the ghosts were becoming too numerous, and* a menace to peace and comfort. Of course,' they cannot be prevented from walking, in the small hoars of the morning, but that they should disturb modern ladies and gentlemen early in the evening- is intolerable. The Queen was, therefore,' petitioned to have the library lighted by electricity, and gave her consent. It is not supposed that the ghost of a six teenth century king will care to appear in the eleotric light. It is only two year* ago since Mr. Holmes, the librarian of Windsor Oastle, reported the appearance of another ghost in this library. He was reading there, when he beoame aware of a mysterious presence. He looked, and saw a woman wearing a coronet, an im mense ruff, a stomacher covered with jewels, and a voluminous skirt. He at once reoognised that it was Queen Elizabeth. She was wringing her hands, and her faoe wore an expression of fear. Mr. Holme* followed the apparition, but it disappeared through a door, and a woman who was ontside said that ebe had seen no one. The Empress Frederick of Germany, oldest daughter of the Queen, declares that she saw the ghost of Queen Eliza beth in the library when she was a child. In the library there is a gallery which was built by Queen Elisabeth. . IlB window* look out on the terrace of the Oastle. Here the Queen used to walk, and devise schemes of statecraft. There is at least one other ghost in Windsor. The Dean of Windsor, who ib also chaplain to the Queen, is not sure whether Henry VIII. or Queen Elizabeth haunts the Oastle, but he does know that the spirit of King Charles I. is to be eeen aunually in the vicinity. The ghost of the beheaded monaroh is reported to visit an ancient house in the Canon's Close, whioh is a dependency of the Oastle. Mrs; Boyd-Oarpenter, wife of the Bishop of Bipon, whose husband was formerly a Oanon of Windsor, occupied this house. She states that on June 26 she heard the ghost walk upstairs and open a door, but did not see it. After wards she learned that June 26 was the night on which the unhappy monarch was reputed to visit the house every year. One cannot imagine a more suitable locality for ghosts than Windsor Oastle. It has been the residence of every English monsroh sinoe William the Oonqueror, and had seen more than eight hundred years of splendour, blood, crime, romance, and tragedy. It was built by William the Oonqueror shortly after 1066. St. George's Ohapel, whioh is attached to it, was finished by Henry VII., father of Henry VIII., whose ghost is reported to have been seen Am. 