CORRESPONDENCE, OUR PRESENT LAND LAW. TO THE EDITOR OF T1IE ALBUKY BANNER. Sir, — Can you inform your reader of the -Banner — 1. Who framed our present land laws? 2. How many times the New South Wales Land Act has been altered ? 3. Have the franiers of the Land Act been men com petentenfc to mtike an ace suitable for the requirements of tne people 1 4. Is our Land Act a just one ? To my mind the framers of oui present Land Act would have been more fitted to be inmate's of a lunatic asylum than to frame an act for the good of persons suitable to settle on tne laud, or, per haps, the bungle is partly in the administration of th9 Land Act by the various land boards. If the present system is continued I would suggest that drafiing yards be erected, and run each applicant for land through the draft ing yard and put a cuil mark on each that were rejected to contest the ballot. The re jected applicants would ihen know that it would be of no use their trying to ballot any more, and it would save them a lot of trouble and expense. It coat3 each applicant for land, say, on an average £5— to inspect the land to see if it is suitable for him, to make application for the land, to attend to the ballot, and often the expense of a land agent or a lawyer — and then to find himself re jected and one of the , cu'ls. Mr. Editor, can't something be dune to alter this fooling of people who require land to make a home for themselves 1 For example : — There was one block of land at Cadow, a settlement lease of near 2000 acres, and there were 23 applications lodged. Each of those appli cants considered themselves entitled to bdllot for the land, and therefore went to all the trouble and expense, and (here was nothing to show them that they were not eligable to contest the ballot. But when the culling process was finished, lo ! there were only alx left in the ballot. So that 17 of the intended applicants had simply wasted, say, £5 each, which is £85, without the ghost of a show, and 'no satisfaction why they were culled. Then of the six that were allowed to test the ballot box, of course five out of the six had wasted £5 each in expenses. These things ought not to ba ; and there is neither sense nor justice used in this culling business I personally know one steady young man from Bungowannah, named Henry Barns. He was born at Bungo wannah ;' his father died when he was a child of a few years ; he is the only son, and is now about 30 years old. He has always been a steady, hard- working, industrious, and trustworthy man, and as suitable to settle on the land as any man in New South Wales, let he was rejected to take part in the ballot recently held at Forbes, although he had been unsuccessful in 17 previous ballots, and has never had land of his own. You mu9t know the Barns family well, as you have supplied them with the Albury Banner this last 30 years. This particular case wants investigating, and if ifc is the board's fault that Henry Barns was not allowed in the ballot, the board ought lo be removed and room made for men that can administer the law fairly and right. There may have been others rejected at that board in question. That I am not acquainted with. The whole system of settling people on the land is ridiculous and insane. At present people ara wasting their hard earnings and their little all trying to get land. They get disheartened after so roany disappointments a*, the ballot box. Even if they are privi leged at the box, the present system will dishearten and ruin many that would make good colonists if they were allowed. Now Mr. Editor, let us view the big man or, say. squatter. Supposing he has 50,000 or 100,000 acres, and he buy3 up 20,000 or 30,000 acres all in different parts for nearly a song, and applies for an exchange for the pick of his run, do they get thrown out without a chance? No fear! They get all they ask for, in general, and no one else has a chanc3. Things want altering for the better. Are there no just men in New South Wales that can deal fairly? I hope, Mr. Editor, that ?' you will use all your power to have this silly Land Act done away with, and return men at the next election that have got a bit of commonsense. — I am, &c; , W. RIDLEY, Sen. Bena, October 1900 