B. Baviour's Cathedral. CoNFIann rosT was administered by the Lord Bishop of the Diccu?so on Sunday lastlin the Catho. dral. The serv~oe was et 3 p m. The main part of the building tvwas filled by the candidates and their friends, and there was a large congregation. There were 75 candidates, 36 males and 39 females. Of these the majority were from the city, but there were several from the country parts of the parish -seven from Yarra and the neighbourhood, four from Rosemonte, besides aothers. The Bishop ad dressed the candidates before the renewal of vows. He based bin instructions and counsels on the first prayer in the confirmation service, and spoke to them of the privileges to which baptism admitted them. He reminded them what was exactly meant by regeneration, and showed that it was quite different from conversion. In baptism their new life in Cbri.t was begun; it was continued end strengthened by repentance. The Bishop explained the meaning of repentance and enforced its neces sity. The streagtheniog grace of the Holy Ghost in confirmation would assist them ontinually, if their repentance were sincere, to forsake sain and to goon from strength to strength. Before the laying on of hands, the hymn, "Veni, Creator Spiritus," was solemnly sung, all kneeling. Canon Pritchard presented the candidates, who knelt before the Bishop two by two. The women and girls wore all attired in white. After the ceremony the Bishop gave a second address, pointing out the help of the means of grace, espeeially dwelling on the help of prayer and bible reading and an intelligoet no quaintance with the reason why of their church membership. He also dwelt emphatically upon the importance and necessity of frequent reception of the saorament of holy communion. In the course of his address the Bishop said some serious words upon the importance of personal purity. Drunkenness was often spoken of as the source of many evils, but, in bis opinion, immorality was responsible for even more trouble and misery. After the confirmation a ceollection was made for the Church Society during the singing of a hymn. After the service the country candidates and their friends were provided with a cup of tea by the ladies of the Cathedral Guild in the Guild room. At eveneong most of the newly.confirmed were present, and the service wase of a very bright and festal character. The altar and font were decorated with white lilies and other flowersn, and thanksgiving hymns and antheme were nung. Canon Pritohard preached on the subject of " Christian Progress," naok eacwed that progress was tho condition of Christian life just as it is the condition of life in nature and in humran society. He exhorted all to make continual progress accord ing to the ideal set forth in the laviour's words, " Be ye therefore perfect oven as your Father which is in Heaven is perfect." Moat of the newly confirmed are to make their first communion in the Cathedral next Sunday morning. 