.Orijpaal Siwlr.-; i Ulfie laolli : , BvE. DOIDGEy ; rj3. ' Fathr and Sob/ 'The Daughters ! r ale if the Maori War ; ' The ' of ' Merveffien? ' Marian G / ' Piwee/ Daughter of M"ar' Taranui,' &o.; er-1,r 'Riqhxb Resebved. at-""1' I XI.— (Oootehued). 1 1 did not .. .sh to leave you, dear Lady Merlin.' . ' I heard you cay twice this morning how inviting tho sunshine looked. You are cuite at liberty to go.' ' Then, if you please, I shall go and lie down for an hour ; then it will be easier to keep awake during the night.' :Ao if I kept you awake during the .uight! I am euro yoa slept wall enough loot night ; I had to awaken you three tides vV\ mtr nifimina T nwnw onnli e iuvuuu'.i a »uo if ouuu u woman to sleep 1 But do go now, as I re ally oannot endure so much talking:' Miss Hamilton forebore even to argue : . cma Rama felt sorry for her. Under other i' circumstances she would have fired up ; but too quiet and enduring spirit of resignation, hich she read in her erstwhile governess's d-yes, appealed tc her. 5 G-me/ she said, ' and I will show you tip aedioine, and tell yon when it ia to be Da a tablo, at the further end o£ tho rc :m, was what looked like an amateur ciismist's shop. Bottles of efferveacents, rooriieinol water,; alkalis, preparations of hi- carbonate and potash, citric and tartaric acids, and aromatic tinctures in ammonia ess lavender. Miss Hamilton,' cried the petulant old irdy, ' one would suppose you were giving rppuctions for the treatment of a Hospital of patients! Do you snopone Rama ,cra. possibly remember one half of all you telling her? Do you intend that she ciidi take the case out of the doctor's hand V 'I beg you not to distress yourself. You ;:ac that it would not do to have any mis- 1: .cp in yonr medicine f' ' Ma though there could be any mistake ! 1 in not every bottle marked, and the gg : -itities ? I suppose Rama's eyesight is r.oi impaired, and that she has not forgotten , toread.' Vlaen the faithful companion left the acorn, wondering how long it would be crx-ra she would be as impatiently sum- C;7:2c! as she was thus summarily die- pxaad; how long it would be fceforo the Ic x-enduring Bpirit of Rama would revolt f.amst'the gouty sufferer's ill- humors, and aipcafc unbearable queroionsness. . -i;-t here, Rama, You, at least, will not J hen Miss Hamilton is not sadly she ia contrary. It has oecurred to ; :.2e. while I have been lying here racked. fjtfF-h that perhaps I should have | a:ar.?a you more considejstion, child, when :f. i x5' -7cre eo long and olosely scaociatodwith . Hamilton. I had not realised how ? - ; provoking it is possible for her to be. >/' rx'2 most not think that, dear Lady Mxe can. I assnre you MiBs Hamilton was very patient and long-suffering ' : mo. . ' Exill down that blind, the Bun is shining V.. ; c.oroio my bed.' , X-ama did as requested o, I do not like that. Pat it up again ; r y.t x newspaper and lay it ..over tho foot- \- The doctor says the sunshine is the ; healer. Oh J' (in a sudden and yx acy note) 'why did you .tench the quilt? ; x - you not know my great toe gives mo f torment V . (her foot was in a box). .y beg your pardon. -I was not aware.' ;; . s Mou ehonld think, then. Can't you see ,XrY'l teiuUj she hcB, arranged the bed- 80 as not to bear heavily. Pull the f i : . ylittle to the right. There.' 1 down.? If one thing is more | y. than another it is to see people . ! f aimlessly about a room:' , " J s--eat down, and was- for a few ; j G . . silent. " '5?. yn absolutely no conversation ? I0E yu that I migkt be cheered a : ; . -.x. m my desolation.' - - . = . . aaali be very glad if I qan entertain T.v t fig SUTQ you.® .j « did not go to church on Sunday, x a iiamiltoa said.' , ; .. x, I accompanied Mrs Oowan; we i Ponsonby.' f- i took you' there ?' went specially tc'hear the Rov. Mr \- : " in the world is he?1 : 's nri ci£E»ypian who has recently ' r-. "darned. Ho is a Maori.' , ' should suppose. You would not oi cellmg me that Cimpbeil ie Scotch -phy Irish, would you?' asked who-'he waa.' x ' not give we any bEck answers, Rama. , /.otara is a friend of yours, 1 suppose ?' r X' ; Mm for the first time at Bishop's xi-i; , ? lc ?ery gentlemanly, and tre- Ojly in earnest. -I think you would Hi, lorMrfp think. 3 ; i% indeed. Though it is riot an t / case of conversion/ v do you know ? 7 1 . s 6 the question to Mr Totara f011 asked him if he was con- " idnr> rather, when ho was con- / hfifc,kfljve considered you very per- ;ot to say impertinent.' 'I do hot think so.' ' Well, when and how was he oonverted f He does not quifo remember, I think he said ; he was always good, I Bhould say- always serious, I am sure,' ' I trust, if that is so, you will be at some pains to emulate him.' 'Yes, I think I shall.' ' Seeing that you are so much interested in this young man, you may invite him to come here, if you wish.' ' If you wish it, certainly, Lady Merlin.' ' I did not say I wished it ' — thic oame almost snappishly, as a tinge of pain shot through her stiff joints. It was upon Rama's lips to suggest to the old lady" not to be cross, bat, remembering the infirmities of age and gout, she curbed her tongue and resolved to endure. Softly she commiserated and suggested a glass of soda. ' 1 am sick of their nostrums ; but I will take a oup of tea. 'T understood Miss Hamilton to say the doctor only allowed you tea once a day.' Then I shall take it twice. I know without being told what tho doctor said. Miss Hamilton interferes more than is desirable.' ' 'I am sate she only desires to see you well again. Yonr digestion being so mnoh impaired, tea V-- « Will you force me to ring tho bell? Tell Miss Hamilton to come to me at onoe ! At onoe, do you hear ?' ' It is little more than half an hoar since she left us to lie dowu.' 'Do' you dare to' disobey iny express commands, girl?' . . x 'I will order the tea, certainly, and much good may it do you, Bama could not refrain from murmuring, as she left the room. Shortly afterwards the Bishop's Wifo was announced, and Rama was permitted to withdraw from the trving ordeal of naming one of the most exacting viotims which the tyrant gont ever marked for its own. The respite was for the space of half-an-hour? Ere thai was over Miss Hamilton had joined her; they were spending a few minutes with Mrs Oowan in the reception room. .'How can yon endure it?' feelingly queried that good soul. ' It is a trial of patienoe, no doubt,' was the reply. 'But I am fairly used fo it, you know, and by patient endurance '— ' Martyr crogns are won, the Bishop says,' broke in the elder lady. ' Miss Hamilton tells me that the day time is pleasant compared with the night experience; if that is the ease, I fear I should not survive one night,' said Ramai. ' I conld not keep up, of oourse, were it not that the trained nurse oomes at 10 and remains till breakfast time. I do hope tho attaok will not last muoh longer.' It did not at that nartioulor time. Three days later Lady Morlin was up and about, better than she had been for years, Bhe declared, smiling quite oheeriiy, and reading recipcooating smiles in all animated nature, causing even Rama to think that there may be worse things in the world even than a had inflammatory attaok of gout. Lady Merlin was even cordial. She lavished unstinted praise on the careful, unselfish, loving evotion of Miss Hamilton ; saw a marked and commendable change for the better in'the general demeanour of her wayward and impetuous prot6g6 ; and so far unbent — to the complete surprise and pleasure of the household — tsa to announce that she wotnd give a party at Merlin Oonrt on the following Monday evening. A party at Merlin Court had been unheard of for years. It_ was a oondescension to tho goddess of frivolity, of whioh the rigid, austere old lady had not been dreamed capable. And as it was well within a week of the time when it had been rnmor8d that the devout soul was dangerously ill, sundry people— particularly, perhaps, those not well acquainted with tho eccentricities of goat— came to the conclusion that the reported illness was after oil only an old lady's fancied indisposition. Others, on receiving the unwonted'- invite, playfully suggested they were summoned to make merry o ver the vanquished enemy— gout. , CHAPTER XII. BAItA's EETEOTHAi. The Maoris do not make long eourtBhips. But the civilised Maori must needs bend to some_ extent to the wayo of civilization. Safe it is to say that nowhere, at no time, since the colonization of New . Zealand in 1840, have two individuals, full-blooded Maoris, been more thoroughly civilised, few more highly educated, few more care fully trained than Rama Tuena and Horl Totara. - In age and ednoation they seemed eminently fitted to make a matoh. And there were others beside Bishop Oowan who hope fo see them wedded. If the burden of the story to be told were the wooing of Rama -by - Totara, the writer wonld dwell here at greater length ; yet this was not the eventful portion of their history. On the evening of Lady Merlin's party it became a matter of common observation that the yonng Maori clergyman was paying sparked attention to Lady Merlin's adopted daughter. Ou that eventful evening, too, the Bishop, who arrived late, and loft early, took oeeasion to speak to his host about the matter, and " was agreeably surprised, and pleased, to find Lady Merlin was of the same opinion as himself ; declaring that it was the very thing; that snob' s match would be heaven-made, and promising, so far from throwing any obstaole in the way, to promote fch6 affair. Matoh-making ie, generally a delightful feminine occupation : it was a father new noyelty for tho mistress of Merlin Court, however. Everybody agreed that Rama was the life of the party. There were charades of her own devising ; in one she converted Totara into the most grotesque savage, fishing np in the Maoris' Island home ; in another Hood's pathetic ballad, 'Mary's Ghost,' was por trayed in anything, but pathetic parts. And abovo and before all other matters for wonder was the fact that Lady Merlin laughed and applauded, when at any other time she might reasonably be counted on to condemn. She was young again, her guests deslared : and ouch was tho happiness of her mood that it the ball-room had been ready she wonld not have denied tho troup of yonng people a dance. That was indeed suggested, but they had to be satisfied with a promise that on some future oeoasiou, when provision was made and thoy caao prepared, their wishes would be gratified. Amongst the songsters no one sang so often or io ewoetly as Rama ; while a duet by Totara and Rama won unbounded admira. lion. Maori legend was interspersed with the classical productions of the ago. And whon the pleasant evening was over, the gaests declared that for years they had entertained absolutely wrong itaprssaiono' about tho dignified matron of Merlin Court ; that she had been wronged in being so generally regarded as an embodiment of hauteur and unbending formality. Totara was for going when tho Bishop's party left, but this ho was persuaded not tq do : -mid before he left he had a preseing invitation to visit Merlin Court often, for tho hostess wished to know better one who was so suitable a companion for Rama, c '« And before a week more had elapsed, Hori Totara had asked, and had become, the accepted suitor for the hand of Rama Tuena. People said that as Lady Merlin was rioh and had 'neither child nor near relative, a handsome 'dot wonld go with the hand , of Lady Merlin's adopted daughter. Safe it j is to say that on no snoh mercenary fiction '1; ' the young' clergyman ' count. He s&v;, ?- Rama a winsome 'and happy-dispositioned partner in life's journey ; and he was ? eled when he found that both his Bishop and the yonng lady's : guardian united in their approval of his suit. At first Rama laughed at him and at the. idea of beooming a clergyman's wife, a position she eaid she was sore she oould never satisfactorily fill ; but finally she said she wonld be Totara's wife — that on him would rest all the responsibility of the momentous undertaking. And thus it was in the capaoity of Rama's fiancb that Hori Totara was a regular visitor for ' several weeks to Merlin Oonrt ; and as Ms ' staid and sterling qualities became known to Lady Merlin, she was more and more oonvinoed that she was doing the proper thing by Rama — to give her to him. His, sedate, settled, honorable oharaoter seemed to snpply preoisely those restraining safeguards which the impulsiveness of Rama's oharaoter rendered desirable in a life-partner. « & ' » ' :- It was a balmy summer evening when the two young people sat in the vineolad summer- house, in the garden of the Oonrt, that the oompaot whioh was to make them mkn and wife was sealed. Hori Mmself placed the ring on Rama's' finger. Then she was a little afraid of the thing that she. had consented to. ' I am scarcely 10, Hori ; I am only a a giri r sne saiu. ' Many of our people marry at that age, aB do our friends theEurqpeans.' But a minister's "wife, " Hori ! — it seams so strange. . . She should be. .& solemn-minded person of great esperienoe, and very, very good.' ' And you, dear, will be very, very good ?' ' Oh, but I am not vary, very good at all 1? ' Then yon most intend to -be that.' ' Will the intention suffice, Hori !' 3 . ' Good intention, with honest endeavor, is all that the best. of us oan olaim.' 'Yes, bat some people in their good intentions suooeed muoh better: than I do, . Hori. Do you forget that I ever raised in your mind a doubt as to whether I was really a Christian?' Only a passing doubt, Rama. Of .course you are a Christian, but at times a little inclined to trifle.' ' I myself am a trifle. I really wonder — honestly wonder— that you should ever think of me as a wife, Hori.' ' Seriousness, and perhaps solemity, will come to yon in years, Rama. It is natural in one of your yeBrs to be as you are. It is also natural in me to seek a wife of my own people. I thank God for yon and your love, Rama. You really do love me, little one ?' ' Oh, yes ; how else could I promise to marry you?' The world— the people of the world— do find many and unworthy motives for mar riage. But with as there need be— there oan be— bnt one pure motive.' 4 Certainly you are hot rioh, and I, Hori, am really poor. I have nothing to bring you.' ' Only year love, and that is all I ash or desire:' When do you go to take over your first charge ?' 'Next week.' 'So soon?' ' I cannot endure to be long idle.' ' I shall miss you very muoh.' ' So much, I trust, that you will be anxious to join mo very shortly.' Bama did not for a moment reply. Her lover held her hand, and literally pressed for a reply; It was a temporising evasion that he drew from his love : ' What kind of a place is Paeroa ? ' ' Have you never visited the Upper Thames?' Never.' ' Then that is a treat in store. There are few rivers in the world so enchanting, I should think.' ' Bat Paeroa — it's a dismal little place, isn't it?' ' My Rama really does not think there is any dismal plaoe from one end of the native islands to the other ! And if Paeroa was for ever under a olond — if no bird sang — if no stream leaped out of mountain, over pine- root and boulder, to swell the torrent o? the Thames— if no flower bloomed upon its banks — if no pheasant or partridge sprang suddenly from coppice of fern— if no wild- duok swam its thousand pools and lagoons— if no w ood-pigeon ever rustlsd amongst the dense foliage of its glorious forests— jet if you, my Bama, were there in our little oot, to welcome. my home-coming, I. wonld not. think it dull or dismal.' ' That is quite a bit of subdued aloquonce, Hori — unpremeditated, too, I am sure. I should like you tb be really eloquent, Hori, the most eloquent preacher of all our people. 1 should like the world to ring with your fame— the fame of Totara, the Maori preacher 1' ' Far better for me, for you, for all the world should, just know me simply as the Maori who faithfully preaohed Christ and Him oruoified. That is my mission; and woe betide mo or any minister of the gospel who forgets his master in thinking of the man.' ' Alas, Horl, bat you are so dreadfully in earnest?' ' I do not believe that very muoh good is done in the world— in the religions, the political, or any- other sphere— without downright, wholesouled earnestness.' , ' Tell me, Totara, do you love God with your whole heart P' Yes, that is my aim. ' ' Then what have you left to bestow upon poor little me ?' ' A slow smile came ere any . words from Totara : ' Pardon me, little one, if I say it was by such cunning questions that the Pharisees sought to entrap Christ. If a man marry seven times who will olaim . him for husband in the next world? We are not asked to tronble about . suoh" questions. Bat, tell me, do you think if 1 love God more that I shall love .you less ? He has made it possible for us to. adequately fill the first and great oommandment and yet to love one another. You do not doubt that, Rama?1 (To" be continued.) 1 Lxxsraby Norn — Judge: You are accused of stealing six reama.of paper, three gallons of ink. and five gross of pens. What have you to say to the charge ? Prisoner: Yonr Honour, I am a novelist, and I was merely collecting material for a. new story, Jones—' I hear your next door neighbours have a very good organ. Do you know how many stops it has ? Brown— Only about throe a day, and those not vory long ones. The Rector— I hope, my dear yonng lady, that you have always before you some high idea, some exalted type of womanhood, that yon hope in time to reaoh. Miss Pinkerley — I have, indeed, sir: I have always looked forward to being a bride, Mr John Moigan married oh a very little, and the only home he could offer his wife was a room at the top of a houBe. He was very sad about.it, but his wife, who waB of th6 right sort, greatly1 oheered him by re- marking that it was quite a Morganat(t)io marriage. Recognised.— She : Who is that fright ful looking woman behind yon who is talk ing with a man P. He : It is my wife. She: But you have not )<"-oj/cd round to eee whom I mean 1 ;He : Oh, your desoxipucn is enough 1 