TOPICS <?F THE TIMES.; A CHOICE SELECTION OF IN TERESTING ITEMS. Comment! an/1 Criticisms Based Upon . th Happenings of the Dap— Historical : end Hews ifetes. A bunch of Louisiana rice shows a: yield of 4,500 grains from a single seed.' The submarine telegraph system of the world consists of 120,000 nautical miles of cable. At Amherst, N. S., recently, Rev. Dr. Hartley lost a valuable ring. He advertised but got no tidings until a" dream revealed to him the fact that the ring was under his bed, and he found it on one of the slats. In London the daily papers talk of bridges for pedestrians on street cross ings, where the crowds and the vehi cles now often make an impassible jam. This was tried on BroadVvay at Fulton street, New York, but the bridge was bo little used that it was taken down. . The grave of William H. Crawford who was United States Senator from Georgia from 1809 to 1813, then for two years Minister to France, and afterward Secretary of War in President Madi son's Cabinet and Secretary of the Treasury under Monroe, is unmarked by so much as a tombstone. Gin Nox, a Chinese merchant of Riverside, CaL, is about to return to China to secure himself a wife, and in order to be allowed to land upon his return, ho has drawn up a certificate Betting forth who he is, -and had his photograph pasted on the same sheets Bud had the different county officials sign the document. The theory that there was a connec- 'ion between Babylon and China in ancient times has much in its favor, and as the idea seems to be . growing in im portance it may be interesting to know i that it was suggested by an American Rev. bj'liiam Frederick Williams, in an unpublished letter addressed to Rev. Leonard Bacon, D. D., and dated June 15, 1853. The document is preserved in the library of Yale College. No objection was made to the mar riage of a young Louisville couple; yet, for the sake of romance, they executed s sensational elopement. They met by appointment at 3 o'clock in the morning and boarded a locomotive for a country town. There they routed a justice out of bed in the small hours and were quickly made one. They then returned to ihe city, where the bride rdused her parents and introduced her new hus band. The Yassar Aid Society, whose ob-: jectir to promote friendliness among' those wli > have graduated from the col lege and also to help needy students, he d its first annual meeting in New' Yor.. recently. President Jame3 M. Tut i, -if Yassar College, said that $1. < 0 hail been expended by the trus tee f Yassar in the aid of students wh.< -ore anxious to complete the c- uise. The college, he declared.; w dti spend in a similar way $11,000 fi r ihe present school year. Tnr. man who considers that the L \\.e duties of a woman are inferior to; the political work of a man must be eiY nt a bachelor or blind. The very highest qualities of the heart and in to lect may be exercized by a mother, u ier or elder daughter, in watching over the physical, mental and moral giuwihof the children in her care. Hcroie patience and vigilance that never u'res, an adaptation of means ta the ei.d, a careful study of individu tr-'i:., a keen psychological insight " find ample room for exercise fin ihe four walls of even a humble L, :ie. A rissTYY bird story comes from '0 tviiic, Conn. In the Bummer of 1881) r.i'-s. A. R. Burwell found in her d o; v::: J a young robin which had h'- )e i aud hurt itself in attempts to fly. Sue ionderly cared for it, and it in time bt came a strong, healthy bird. It be came quite tame, seeming to desire no greater freedom than the house af- Itll'alnil ns. J — --1 J A AL f. ,l,ui «UU WUUIQ allSMSr al vflo n&US; t-cd call of members of the family. It liyvd ihcre for a year, when it was taiien out of doors, and after hovering ar. nud for awhile, disappeared. Last v,'ee': the bird returned to the house u.d voluntarily resumed its hospitable quar'ers there. Firry years ag there was no reason hi doubt the correctness of Bonpland's theory,- that the depth of the deepest sea corresponds to the height of the highest mountain; hut the supposed "laxitnmn of five miles has now been found to fall short by more than 6,000 feet at three different points— nearly midway between tiie Island St. Helena a:,a Cape Lopez, on the west coast of Afii -a ; sixty miles south of the Maldive Archipelago, and in the "Group of Aby.s. eq" as Capt. Baudissin calls a D" 111 her of remarkable depressions near 'he eastern extremity of New Guinea. A writf.1i in a -contemporary is com plaining that the tendency of current i crafu-.o is to encourage the belief in Shosls, says the London Fiok- Me-Up. "ii is jjerhap.s, a little sweeping in t change, but there are certainly ona 5r two papers that are doiug their level Wsi U' uiake 'is believe that the wail o| fhe eat on the dust-hole is the cry of the spirit from the vasty deep. Then there are two or three well-meaning, bht painfully misguided societies that will send half a doeen representatives down to your place to get particulars of the ghost you hear inside your wall paper, and which subsequently proves to be the baby next door with indiges tion. Two and a half miles sontb of the little Mexican village of Las Hummet- tas, in Western Arizona, is a low; sandy yalley, flanked.by tall mountains, there is a hole about three feet in diameter and of unknown depth, firom which a dense crowd of smoke and steam is con stantly arising. For 100 feet on each side of the hole the ground is moist aud heated. Water collected in the holes which has been dug in this moist ground has the tendenoy to make one very wakeful, besides giving the face, hands and feet a paralytic numbness. Every evening at 7 o'clock large vol umes of sand are shot from the hold, preceded by a roar that can be heard for miles. the report from Germany that Prof. Koch has abandoned lecturing in conse quence of having discovered a cure foi consumption by inoculation will stimu late curiosity not only in medical circles but throughout Christerdom. Any scientist who professes to be able to rob (his modern sconrgeof its terrors neces sarily becomes an interesting figure in the big world, Prof. Koch's original experiments were apparently successful in the identification of the character istic germ of this disease, although the re -ults were questioned by high medi cal authorities. If he has now followed in Pasteur's track and discovered some effective means of inoculating patients against the disease, the development of his curative Jsystem will be watched with eager interest in many countries. A publisher was saying recently that the Chautauquan circle in this country is largely responsible for the present marvelous interest in Latin and Latin literature. At no time within fifty years have so many text-hooks, commentaries and translations been turned from the press. The tendency if the colleges to make Latin and Greek lptioual studies, instead of allaying this interest, seems to have excited ambition imong budding scholars all over the ountry to master the dead languages. Since the first American translation of Yi"gil a year a two ago the publishers' vo. ds are full of MSS. of Yirgils, , Horaces, Ovids, and Lncretiuses. At least two other schools, besides Ann Arbor University and ' Washington Seminary, are planning the production of classic comedies also. The Paris corespondent of the Lon don Morning Post says a curious story has leaked out as to how M. Constans, the Minister of the Interior, managed to frighten General Bonlanger out of France and thus bring an awkward sit uation to a climax. The minister knew that one of his subordinates was in daily communication with the General and in formed him of everything that passed at the ministry. Knowing that Bonl anger was restless, M. Constans scrib bled on a slip of paper: "Arrest B., R., and D. to-night." He then called his subordinate to give him some in structions and toyed with the Blip of paper while talking. On pretext of be ing obliged to give an urgent order the minister left his desk for a second and the thing was done. He saw by the face of his employe that he had read the paper. He then sent the clerk out on an errand not requiring haste. Soon after M. Constans received a visit from one of Gen. Boulanger's domestics, whom he employed as a spy, that his stratagem had succeeded and I that preparation for a flight had been made. From trifling inventions large for tunes are often made. The pen for shading in different oolors yields an in come of $200,000 per annum. The rub ber tip at the end of lead pencils hai already made $100,000. A large for tune has been reaped by a miner who invented a metal rivet or eyelet at eaoh end of the mouth of coat or trousers pockets to resist the strain caused by the carriage of pieces of ore or heavy tools. An equally useful invention is the "darning weaver," a device for re pairing stockings, under garments, etc., the sale of which is very large and in- creasing. As large a sum as was evei obtained for any invention was enjoyed by the inventor of the inverted glass bell to hang over gas to protect the ceilings from being blackened, aud a scarcely less lucrative patent was that for simply putting emery on cloth. The gimlot-pointed screw has pro duced more wealth than most silver mines, and the American who first thought of putting copper tips to chil dren's shoes has realized a large for tune. Upward of $10,000 a year was made by the inventor of the common needle threader. To the foregoing might he added thousands of trifling but useful articles, for which large sums have been paid. The field of invention is large, and open to everybody, with out respect to sex, age, or station. A man in New York has in his pos session a tin box full of stock certificates that cost him $65,000, and are now utterly worthless. Many a clever gentleman has failed to mnkc his mark in life, owing to the rant of a dress_Buit 