THE RELIEF OF MAFEKING. TELEGRAM FROM BADEN- POWELL. QUEENSLANDERS THANKED. BRISBANE, Sunday. The Premier yesterday received the fol- lowing cable message from Major- General Baden-Powell, dated Mafeking per runner to Kimberley, May 17:— "Mafeking relieved to-day. Am most grateful for invaluable as- sistance by Queenslanders under Kellie, who made record march through Rhodesia to help us." MAFEKING DEMONSTRATIONS. THE VETERAN'S PROCESSION. The blaze and flare of military pomp which was fanned into fierce intensity a week ago by the news of the relief of Mafe- king went out with a fitful flicker on Saturday night, and left a mighty multi- tude to grope its way homeward with a chill sense of disappointment in its hear. And although a goodly num- ber of veteran soldiers and sailors assembled to receive the homage of the crowd—men with hearts of steel, though the winter of years was on their heads, and the fever of rheumatism in their bones—it must be admitted that a crowd is more impressed by the sight of hopeful youth than of glorious old age, and on the present occasion people were heard to ask anxiously what had become of the rest of the procession, for its proportions were scanty. About 150 veterans assembled at the Rus- sell-street Police Barracks, and were got into marching order by Petty-officer Cuffley, who has himself seen service in the Crimea, and has the Baltic medal. Those who pre- ferred to walk did so, and a couple of drags conveyed the more infirm and aged. Every man among them had earned the considera- tion of his country by service on the field, and among the number was a V.C. man, Sergeant-Major Napier, who won his dis- tinction in the Indian mutiny, and no doubt felt the proudest man in the proces- sion. A start was made shortly after half-past 7 o'clock, a squad of mounted police and the police band leading the way. They were followed by a body of hospital attend- ants, white coated and bearing torches, and resembling nothing so much as a group of acolytes. Then came "bent old age with silent foot," the veterans chatting among themselves, their conversation being mainly of the reminiscent order. The procession, to make up in distance what it lacked in length, wended its way through all the principal streets, and at every turn met with a fresh sea of faces. Among the officers who took part in the procession were Lieutenant Horan, 84th Regiment; Lieutenant Gant, Sergeant- Major Napier, V.C., Sergeant-Major Lacy, Sergeant Story, P. O. Holdsworth, R.N., Sergeant Hayler, Sergeant-Major Frank Fearless, Prince Alfred Guards; and Ser- geant Frederick Male, 40th Regiment, N.Z. medal. Fifty collectors did good service on behalf of the Hospital funds during the passage of the procession, their efforts resulting in the collection of £67/11/8. Mr. F. B. Jenkinson was in charge, and must be complimented on the amount of success which as attended this as other efforts in the same direction. The sum mentioned includes £18 which was collected from members of the Melbourne Club, and the total weight of the contributions was 57lb.; £41 was collected by the firemen, £15/8/7 by the police, and £11/3/1 by the Scottish Regiment. Fireman E. Kemp won the prize presented by Mr. H. Newman, jeweller, Elizabeth-street, for the highest individual collection. MR. FITZGIBBON'S SMOKE CONCERT. THE WOUNDED SOLDIERS PRESENT. For his celebration on Saturday evening of "the relief of Mafeking" Mr. E. G. Fitz- gibbon, chairman of the Metropolitan Board of Works, made a mistake in taking the Town-hall. He should have engaged the Exhibition-building. All who were invited — members of the board, officers, and employes, mayors, and councilors of the metropolitan area, and last, but not least, the wounded soldiers back from South Africa—responded, and the Town-hall was uncomfortably packed. The entertainment took the popular and unconventional form of a smoke concert, and everyone was at ease, excepting those for whom seats could not be found. At 8 o'clock the hall pre- sented a most animated scene. When the returned heroes of the war had taken their seats the whole assemblage rose and sang "The Red, White, and Blue" and "Rule Britannia" with magnificent enthusiasm, to the accompaniment of the grand organ, played by Mr. Inge. At the table with the host were Sir Wm. Zeal, President of the Legislative Council; Mr. Melville, Minister of Defence; Colonel Bingham, Major Par- nell, and Major Watson, amongst others. Mr. Fitzgibbon opened the programme by proposing the toast of "He Majesty the Queen," followed by that of "His Excel- lency the Lieutenant-Governor." Then after a song had been given he proposed "The Ministry and the Parliament." An- other song was contributed, and Sir Wm. Zeal was called on to reply to the toast. Sir William Zeal addressed the meeting at some length, and took occasion to eulo- gise the Minister of Defence. He could honestly say that we had never had a bet- ter Minister of Defence than Mr. Melville, and whatever might be said to the contrary it would be found that Mr. Melville had acted in the best interests of the whole com- munity in his Ministerial actions. Mr. Melville said, "It is my duty to tell you that the reason why those poor wounded fellows are here is because the British flag was in- sulted in South Africa. (Cheers.) Let no Boer sympathisers believe for a moment that the British people would have risen from the ends of the earth, except that the British flag was insulted, to maintain the dignity and pride of the race. Great Bri- tain has spent her millions that the South African slaves might be free—(cheers)— and she teaches the world the lesson that no man shall be allowed to trample on the Britisher." (Cheers.) Then Mr. Melville, pointing to the wounded heroes, elicted the loudest cheers when he said, "The people have given our soldiers a grand welcome, and the Government is determined that they shall have full recognition for all their services." He concluded by proposing "The Memory of Our Soldiers who Sleep in South Africa," which was drunk in silence. Mr. John Anderson, M.L.A., acknow- ledged the toast for the Legislative As- sembly. The noise continued unabated, and all the chairman's efforts to win at- tention for singers or speakers were futile. A card with "Silence" writ large thereon was tried, but it was held aloft in vain. The tumult was quelled to some extent, how- ever, when Mr. FitzGibbon rose, and called out in his loudest tones, "I ask you now to drink to the health of our gallant boys from Australia. Australia may well be proud of its representatives. They are here be- fore you to-night, for the honour of Great Britain, of the great British people, of the grand old British flag, and for the honour of Australia. (Cheers.) They parted from their dearest associations, left sweethearts, wives, and darlings at home, sacrificed all their interests here, and wemt forth to fight in the wilds of South Africa for our protection, for the protection of the British nation. (Cheers.) I deny that they went forth to engage in an unjust war. It was a holy war, a crusade of civilisation, free- dom, liberty, and advancement against brutal, savage, ignorant men." (Great cheering.) Then, in a sorrowful tone, he expressed regret that he was not 40 years younger, and that a brave son of his who volunteered had not been passed by the doctors, though as strong as his father was at the same age, and his father had out- lived a great many. (Laughter and cheers.) He concluded with the stirring statement that our lads had proved that in Australia we had as good Britishers as the world could show, good as the men who had fought at Cressy, Poictiers, and Agincourt, men, in the words of Henry V.— "Whose blood is fet from fathers of war-proof! Fathers that, like so many Alexanders, Have in these parts from morn till even fought, And sheath'd their swords for lack of argument." —(Loud cheering.) "For they are jolly good fellows" was given with the full strength of the gather- ing, and Corporal Dowd, who was called on to respond to the toast, met with a grand reception. "Rule Britannia" then filled the air, and Corporal Dowd, on returning to his seat, had to shake hands with hundreds of ad- mirers and submit to as many pats on the back. The chairman proposed "The Health of Captain Edwards," who, in turn, pro- posed "The Commander of the Moravian, Captain Simpson." The performers of the evening were Mr. S. Hemming, Mr. S. Davis, Mr. J. Meagher, Mr. Walter Kirby, Mr. Rosenthal, Mr. J. R. Johnston, Mr. Baulch, Mr. Nolan, Mr. Inge, Mr. Jacoby, Mr. Grove, Mr. M'Gillicuddy, M.B., Mr. Harold Campbell, and Mr. Hay. PORT MELBOURNE DEMONSTRA- TION. MR. SANGSTER AND THE AUSTRALIAN TROOPS. Along with all the other suburbs Port Melbourne rejoiced at the relief of Mafe- king on Saturday, May 19, but the official demonstration was reserved for Saturday last. The municipal council took the mat- ter in hand, and organised a procession through the streets in the afternoon and a public meeting in the town-hall in the evening. The procession was a large one, fully 600 persons taking part. It was led by the mayor (Councillor H. N. Edwards, J.P.) in his robes and the councillors. The music was provided by the Naval Band and by Swallow and Ariell's Band. Detach- ments of the Naval Brigade and the Cadets, together with a large number of the mem- bers of the various friendly societies, also marched. Starting from the town-hall, the route was by way of Bay-street, Beach- street, Prince's-street, Ross-street, Evans- street, Inglis-street, Croockshank-street, Bridge-street, and Bay-street to the town- hall. At the corner of Bay and Beach streets Corporal Dowd, one of the sick soldiers who arrived by the Moravian, was picked up. He was recognised by one of the councillors, who dismounted from his horse, and put the sick man up in his saddle. The town was gaily decorated, and cheering crowds had gathered along the line of march. On arrival at the town-hall the various bodies assembled in the council chamber and mayor's room, where the toasts of "The Queen," "The Defenders of Mafeking," and "Corporal Dowd" were honoured with tremendous enthusiasm. In the evening the town-hall was packed to the doors. The place was profusely deco- rated with flags and red, white, and blue streamers. A large picture of Major-General Baden-Powell draped with the Royal Standard surmounted the platform. The mayor occupied the chair, and delivered a stirring speech, followed by Sir Frederick Sargood, who, in the course of a highly ap- preciated address, said that some years ago, when in London at a big public gathering, he had said that whenever the occasion arose 5,000 Australian men would spring to arms to fight for the Empire. (Cheers.) His remarks were received with an incredu- lous smile, but the truth of his statement had been more than proved during the last few months. (Cheers.) Mr. Purves, Q.C., Mr. G. Maxwell, and Mr. Mauger, M.L.A., also addressed the meeting, and elicited round upon round of enthusiastic cheers for the patriotic sentiments they enunciated. Mr. Sangster, M.L.A. for the constitu- ency, was then called upon. He was glad to be there to rejoice with them at the relief of Mafeking. He had protested against the sending of Australian troops to South Africa, but no man rejoiced more than he did at the bravery shown by Baden-Powell and his garrison. He pro- tested against this country spending money in sending troops to South Africa be- cause— A Voice.—You are a Boer. (Cheers.) Mr. Sangster.—I knew when I came here to-night I would be insulted. (Cries of "No, no," and uproar.) I know I have been called a Boer for the action I took, but that does not worry me. I was— A Chorus of Voices.—You are a Boer ; you're a Boer. Chuck him off the plat- form. The Chairman.—Order, gentlemen, please. Mr. Sangster.—I am not a Boer, but as true a Britisher as any of you who are try- ing to howl me down. Voices.—Time! Time! Stick to the point. Mr. Sangster.—I have been called a Boer for political reasons, but what has appeared in your local paper about me is a pack of lies. (Uproar.) This is the first time in public that I have had an opportunity in Port Melbourne of stating my position, but I knew you would not listen. (Boo-hoo.) I may have another chance later on. (Boo- hoos and cheers.) On the motion of Councillor Armstrong, seconded by Councillor Robbins, a hearty vote of thanks was passed to the visitors who had spoken. Councillor Boyd moved and Councillor Wilson seconded a similar vote to the mayor for presiding. During the evening patriotic songs were sung by Messrs. J. T. Gordon, W. Allen, and D. Webster, the last-mentioned re- ceiving persistent encores for his rendering of "The Death of Nelson" and "Soldiers of the Queen." The meeting closed with three hearty cheers for Major-General Baden-Powell and the singing of the National Anthem. MILITARY CHURCH PARADES. SERVICES AT ST. PAUL'S. A special church parade in honour of the relief of Mafeking was held yesterday, when the members of the Victorian mili- tary forces attended afternoon service at St. Paul's Cathedral. The men mustered at the Victoria Barracks and marched to the Cathedral, the parade including about 1,500 officers and men of all ranks, among them being Major- General Downes, mili- tary commandant, Colonel Freeman, Colo- nel Bingham, Lieut.-Colonel Perrin, Major Parnell, Major Hughes, Major Appleton, Captain Irvine, Captain Patterson, and other officers. The service opened by the singing of "God Save the Queen," with the accom- paniment of the massed bands of the mili- tary forces and the organ, and after the special service had been rendered the Bishop of Melbourne preached from the text Matthew viii. 7-8, dealing with the appeal of the centurion to the Saviour to heal his servant. In the course of his ser- mon the Bishop of Melbourne pointed out that the first three persons to recognise our Lord in the New Testament narrative were soldiers, namely, the centurion, the man who said of Christ upon the cross "Surely this is the Son of God," and Cor- nelius, to whom Peter was sent at the coming of the Holy Ghost. No one could read the life of such a soldier as the late General Gordon without feeling that there was something in the disposition of a sol- dier which rendered him receptive of the word of God. He was glad to see the sol- diers present giving thanks for the success of their comrades in South Africa, whom, if circumstances had permitted, they would no doubt gladly have accompanied. They recognised that day the hand of God in the victories of the soldiers of the Queen, whose life had been a conspicuous example of God's leading. Only that after- noon they learned that the vanguard of the army of Lord Roberts had crossed the Vaal River, and the victorious conclusion of the war might be shortly expected. He entreated them all to be good soldiers, not only of Queen Victoria, but also of Jesus Christ. SERVICE AT ST. PATRICK'S. A large muster of men representing all branches of the service assembled in charge of Captain M'Shane at St. Patrick's Cathe- dral yesterday afternoon. Lady Madden and Miss Madden, attended by Lord Richard Nevill and Colonel Campbell, were present, and the attendance of the general public filled the cathedral. Archbishop Carr and Monsignor O'Hea, the senior chap- lain of the forces, were present, and the service was conducted by the Very Rev. Dean Phelan, assisted by the Rev. L. Mar- tin and the Rev. J. Murphy. The service opened with a rosary for all those who had fallen in the war, after which Dean Phelan preached the sermon, taking his text from the 44th chapter Ecclesiasticus, "Let us praise men of renown. Let the people show forth their wisdom and the church declare their praise." Australia had un- sheathed her sword in the defence of the empire. Some who had, perhaps, sat in that cathedral at the last church parade were upholding the British flag in a distant land, or clasped in the arms of death. They were gathered together that day to give thanks to Almighty God for his divine as- sistance to their fellow Christians who lay for weary months in a beleaguered city, to place at the feet of those brave men their tribute of praise, and to offer prayers for the faithful who succumbed to the ravages of famine or who fell on the battle-field. Dreadful as war and its consequences were, the triumph of despotism, the slavery of conscience, the ruin of country, the loss of national honour, were still more dreadful, and when such evils were impending war became lawful. Cicero said that there were no human doings more honourable or estimable than to deserve well of your country, and those who defended that little town certainly deserved well of the em- pire. They were not, however, to stain their minds or pollute their lips with some of the unchristian thoughts which found ex- pression upon this question. The public conscience must have reeled under the shock of those utterances. Some public men so far forgot their position as not only to ghost over the loss of life sustained by the enemy, but actually went so far as to express their thirst for greater sacrifice of human life. A temple consecrated to the service of God was not the place to give expression to such pagan principles. How the Catholic Church had acted towards the wounded and the dying in the present war had been said over and over again. These vivid word pictures, philosophical and Christian in thought, beautiful and poetic in expression, which an Australian jour- nalist had penned during the siege of Lady- smith told more than once of the self-deny- ing heroism of the church's consecrated sons and daughters. That prince of Aus- tralian was correspondents had no hesita- tion in declaring that among the heroes of the battle-field the Catholic chaplain held a unique place. If the tale of the suffer- ings of those who went through those ter- rible sieges made them long to be of some assistance to the unfortunates, they could render a service open to all, and "pray for the dead that they may be loosed from their sins." Mr. R. G. Foley rendered "Salve Regina," and the service closed with the benedic- tion. THANKSGIVING MEETING AT FITZROY. Thanksgiving meetings in honour of the relief of Mafeking were held at the Fitzroy Town-hall yesterday, under the auspices of the Baptist Church. The afternoon meet- ing, which was well attended, was ad- dressed by Mr. Justice Hodges, the mayor of Fitzroy presiding. Prayers were offered by the Rev. Edward Isaac, and a special feature of the proceedings was the singing by a large choir of patriotic hymns. Mr. Justice Hodges, whose remarks were greeted with frequent applause, delivered a stirring patriotic speech. During the service a collection was taken up on behalf of the Children's Hospital. A special service held in the evening was addressed by the Rev. Edward Isaac. PRAYERS AT THE SYNAGOGUE. On Saturday, at the Hebrew Synagogue, Bourke-street, service was conducted by the Rev. Dr. J. Abrahams, assisted by the Rev. S. M. Solomon. The Rev. Dr. Abra- hams preached, and took the opportunity of offering up a prayer for the returned soldiers from South Africa that they would speedily be restored to health and strength. He was pleased that the Jewish community had again been the first to hold a service for this object, and on the previous Sab- bath it was just as they were concluding their service that the news of the relief of Mafeking had been received, and they at once held a special service in honour of the occasion. REJOICINGS IN THE COUNTRY. CAMPERDOWN.—The Queen's Birthday was made the occasion of a loyal and patriotic de- monstration by the members of the Leura Lodge of Freemasons. The toast-list included The Queen, The Prince of Wales, The British Empire, The British Army and Navy, The Australian Con- tingents, and The Camperdown Soldiers in South Africa. The greatest enthusiasm prevailed, and some of the speeches were of a high order, notably, those of Brother J. B. Phillips in proposing the Army and Navy, and Brother G. Morrison in pro- posing The British Empire and Camperdown Soldiers in South Africa. At a concert given in aid of the local Mechanics' Institute there was a remarkable exhibition of loyalty and patriotism on the part of the large audience. The president of the institute, during the interval, gave a stir- ring address, which evoked unbounded enthusi- asm. COBDEN.—A picnic was given here on Wed- nesday to the children to commemorate the relief of Mafeking, and was very largely attended. The children were marched through the streets, with flags flying and singing patriotic songs, while foot- races and other games were indulged in during the afternoon. In the evening a patriotic concert was held, and also a dance, both being crowded. DRYSDALE.—The celebrations were carried out on an extensive scale. A large bonfire was lit on a vacant block of land near the artillery-room, and a procession formed, with a effigy of Pres- dent Kruger mounted on a pole at the head, and marched to the bonfire amidst cheering and fire- works. At the Assembly-hall the children were treated to a general feast, and the event concluded by the singing of God Save the Queen. GOROKE.—Mafeking Day was celebrated at Goroke by a grand children's fete, the cost of which was borne by the townspeople. In the evening there was an exhibition of fireworks, and a concert, at which patriotic addresses were deli- vered. MAFFRA.—On Wednesday the children of the state school were given a treat at the hall, whither they marched in procession. Sports were held in the afternoon, and a huge bonfire was lit at night, and the Maffra brass band played patriotic selections. PORT ALBERT.—Mafeking Day and Queen's Birthday both received hearty recognition here. On the first day, the relief of Mafeking was cele- brated by a soiree, provided by Mr. and Mrs. Langhorne, assisted by some of the leading lady residents of the township, and the children were royally feated. Afterwards at the Mechanics'- hall an excellent concert was given, in which Miss Gregory, Messrs. Blackham, Reynolds, and others took part, the children singing patriotic choruses. Mr. Trumbath gave a patriotic address. RAYWOOD.—On Friday evening, in honour of the relief of Mafeking, the children were enter- tained by thecommittee of the A.N.A. with cakes and lollies, and a concert in the Mechanics' In- stitute, besides having three days' holiday from school. SERVICETON.—On Thursday the relief of Mafe- king was enthusiastically celebrated. The male adults and the school children formed a proces- sion and marched round the town, many bearing flags. Patriotic songs were sung, and after the rendering of the National Anthem hearty cheers were given for Lord Roberts, Major-General Baden- Powell, and the nurses who have gone to South Africa. The children were feted and sports held. A.N.A. APPRECIATION. CHARLTON, Saturday.—At the half-yearly meeting of the local branch of the Australian Natives' Association, held on Friday evening, the members placed on record their pleasure and grati- tude at the relief of Mafeking and its gallant defenders. DANDENONG, Saturday.—The local branch of the Australian Natives' Association at the half- yearly meeting passed the ollowing resolution :— "That this branch of the Australian Natives' As- sociation join in the congratulations now being accorded to the army of the Empire on the recent signal success in South Africa, and especially on the relief of Mafeking, after so glorious a defence by Major-General Baden-Powell and his gallant forces." THE CELEBRATION IN SYDNEY REMARKABLE ENTHUSIASM. SUPURB DECORATIONS AND ILLUMINATIONS. SYDNEY, Sunday. The demonstration by the citizens of Syd- ney, in honour of the relief of Mafeking, after being postponed from Wednesday, in consequence of the rain, took place on Saturday under the most favourable cir- cumstances as regards the weather, and evoked an outburst of enthusiasm and patriotism that did credit to the citizens. The postponement enabled the Govern- ment and the public to elaborate the pre- parations previously made, and the result was seen in the magnificent display of flags and floral decorations by day, and an equally magnificent display of illuminations by night. During the day the public gave itself up to enjoy the holiday. Immense crowds as- sembled in the city, and the national colours were lavishly displayed by old and young of both sexes. George-street blos- somed forth like a garden, while Pitt-street was ablaze with beautiful flags and floral decorations. The chief display made by the Government, and indeed throughout the city, was in Queen's-square, where the statues of Queen Victoria and the Prince Consort were festooned with laurel leaves, while the square was a forest of vene- tian masts, from which floated flags, streamers, and bannerettes, surmounted by the Union Jack and the Royal Standard ; whilst hundreds of electric lights created a fairy scene at night. All the Government buildings were finely decorated with flags, whilst the display of illuminations was equal to that at the Queen's Jubilee cele- bration. The official proceedings commenced by massed regimental bands in the morning playing to an immense crowd of people as- sembled in Queen's-square, after which the bands marched to Victoria Barracks, where the troops, in the presence of His Excel- lency the Governor, Earl Beauchamp, the Premier, and the headquarters' staff, fired 21 volleys and gave cheers for Major-Gene- ral Baden-Powell, the band playing the National Anthem. Salutes were fired from the Dawes Point and South Head batteries, and also from the batteries at Newcastle and Wollongong. The enthusiasm became remarkable at night, when the streets were crowded by people viewing the illuminations. The sight was an impressive one, and the immense blaze of lights aroused the spectators to cheer heartily on the least possible pre- text. Bands of youths marched through the streets blowing trumpets, ringing bul- lock bells, and beating kerosene tins. It was a veritable pandemonium of noise, but fortunately the pranks of the young people went no further than making a noise. A favourite practice was for a party to hire an omnibus, the occupants of which were dressed in fantastic garbs, wearing hideous masks, and illuminated by Greek fire burned from the top of the vehicle. The illuminations at the entrance of Go- vernment-house and the General Post- office were superb, and were loudly cheered. At 11 o'clock the immense crowd had melted away, and midnight saw the streets once more empty after one of the most remark- able outbursts of enthusiasm ever recorded in Sydney. CLAIM FOR COMPENSATION. ADELAIDE, Sunday. Messrs. Charlick Brothers, whose shop suffered severely at the hands of a crowd on Mafeking Day, in consequence of the firm ignoring the almost general rule to close business establishments throughout the city, have petitioned the Government for compensation. The Cabinet considered the claim, and the Premier stated yesterday that it would not be recognised. A report on the matter has been received from the commissioner of police, but it has not been considered yet. 