THE EXPERIENCES OF A MEDIUM. A materialising medium who is well known in piritaatiitio oiroles Is Madame D'Esperance, concerning whom 44 Light "boa published eouie account ef tbe way io wbicb she began to kuow tbat the invisible world is as resl as tbst wLicb is visible. Ia her ease it seems indeed as if the invisible world was st first the more real of Ihe two. From ber infancy Madame D tfisperauoo dwelt among tbe spooks, seeing tbem moving in and oat amoog men and as human as ber own parents. 44 S» far as I know, the first roal thoucbt 1 ever took in connection with these experiences was when necessity arose for defiuing sod sep arating them from tbe experiences of tbe works, day world ; when I came gradually to tbe un derstanding that tbe world in wbicb 1 spent most of tiie day was not the same world that tbe people round about me inhabited. The dis covers did not trouble me. I faucy I was rather proud of being the sole proprietor of a world to wbicb my ouree ind ethers of the workndsy wotld had no entree ; where the people were kioder and quainter. It was a weuderful land, sod 1 never tired of relating iis matvels and beauties, till one day 1 wan told tbat X was old enough to leave off romancing aad weaving ab surd stories. 4!t took me some time to understand teat my b tones were not believed, but when I did my in dignation waa boundless. I learned, however, at last, tbat tbere are some things it is as well uot to talk abiot to everyone ; so I gradually left off tiaiiriatiog the voices of the wind er the sengs of tie birdr, which nobody believed, - r only called romaaciug — a word which 1 grew u> hale. 44 To compensate for this I took much mote comfort in oiy huaian«(?) companions, who in habited what I call my 4 shadow ' land, though tbey were anything buttehadows to me. Tbey were always kind. If I passed them on tee staus, or in the old-fastaiouad rooms, they greeted me witb friesdly smiles. They seemed to tike to have me watehiagthem as they moved about, and this 1 often did. Sometimes strangers came, but for tbe most part I grew to reeoguise tbem all, .and loved tfaemriearly. 44 Ooe old lady who frequently occupied a seat near the chimney corner attracted mo ; she looked no sweet aad geotle io tbe quaint white head-dress aud lace fichu she wore, as she sat with swiftly moviog fingers under which a Rtoekiug was always beiog formed. The vision | fascinated me as 1 observed, time after time how (he deft fingers manipulated the yarn aud i the glittering needles, till the idea came to me ! tbat I might learn bow to knit from watching i ber. | 44 1 teased my nurse to supply me with the | accessary materials, and teen tried bard to imitate 1-be mowoivnts of my shadow friend. 44 Tbey eaid our bouse waa haunted, »a«i gruesome stories were told of the ghosts who perambulated in mauy empty rooms. 1 n»b horribly afraid of ghosts. 1 didn't know wbat tbev were, hut all theisame, 1 was afiaid of them; afraid to move from one room to au> othec without my shadow trieuds for coupauy ; afraid to be left alone in bed unless I aaw the friendly face or amileiof one of them, anil felt certain tbey would .protect me from the dreaded ghosts. With tbem 1 knew no tear ; dirk rouma hod no terroratiOT me. 1 would spend hours in tbe haunted rooms, cooteut to kaow that my shadow friends were au all- sufficient protection against the ghosts ; but without tbem I was the veriest coward. This seeming inconsistency gained for me the rupu- ration of being 4 queer.' " "MadspitsD'Eipetaoce hod ber osre boxed (or describing the old lady fretn sbadowland who knitted so quickly iu tbe chimney corner. But abe got over tbat. What filled her child soul with faorrwr was tbe assurance given I er by the doctor tbat other people see ihe>o thing, but they are mad. From that moment she shuddered with dread wbe&ever; shesawlhein, believing each apparition waa a proof thai her reason was going. At last, to ber great de light abe found that they appeared but seldom and almost entirely vanished. 4Wbeu at schootiMadaute D'Eaperance hud a very curious experience She had to write an essay oo Nature. 44 M; attempts at writing ouly resulted in wasted paper, headacbra, or miserable tears Bt mj ncn-succMift, I began to d«hpair of over pro ducing a readable seotoure. Every moruiitg 1 rose with tbe determination to write something before nigbt, and VNCh night 1 went to bed re solved to keep awake to tbiuk out somrtbiug before tnoroiog ; but tbcugbth would nut i-ome —neither is tbe daylight nor iu tbe night. 44 At last, when it had reached te three days of the allotted time and I bad still done nothing, I was driren to my knees and prayed long aud earnestly tbat God wouU seod me thoughts. When 1 went to bed tbat night I took with me caodlu, paper, aud pencil, iu- teadiog, when tbe other girls were asleep, to tight my Candles and begin to wcue ; but, alas forme, they would not lei me bare a light, and, in despair, I cried myself to sleep. 44 Next moroiog, wbeo miserably gatlx ring up the scattered sheet- of paper from the floor where they bad (alien, I discovered that tbej ware covered br closely-written tines, which torned aut to be a cbarrniug, well-thought-out essay. This, after due consideration, 1 waa al lowed to send in as my work, tbe handwriting being unmistakably my own, though tbe ideas were clearly from a wiser and older bead. 44 My story of huw 1 had prayed far thoughU to be eiven to me, together with my own som nambulic propensities, was accepted as tbe pro bable explanation ef the otherwise mjnterinus occurrence. 44 Borne years later, when 1 had exchanged the busy, occupied life of eldest daughter in a large family for tbat of young wife who for several boars a day was loft to her own com pany, I was horrified to God tLe shadow people reappear, and 1 began to be tormeuted by tbe old fear ol a diseased braio. 1 oerer spoke ol these etrange visions, 1 w«a too much afraid of people thinking me mad j but tee weary secret was a torture to me." Then Madame D'Esperance began to hear about spiritualism. She scoffed al first, but was soon convinced, and a great peace and rest came to ber. She got automatio writing aud tbes abe began to sketch tbe portrait of tbe shadow people. 44 These were generally done in tbe dark, aa 1 found that the darkness acted as a back ground, throwing into strong relief every small detail of the figure 1 tried to skclcb. At first X was as much surprised as anybody to find 1 bad actually succeeded in making a tolerably accu rate drawing under such coodilioes. I did not understand bow ! did it; all 1 kuew ws» that to me it was not dark, Most of tbe portraits so drawo were identified and claimed by tbe friends of the portrayed person, so tbst out of some hundreds drawu I only retain a balf-dozen or so which were not recoguised." After experiments for five or six years, Uiey began to experiment for materialisation. At the fourth sitting 44 These silting outside Iho cabiuct declared that they saw a hand, tbeu a face, appear be tween the openings of the ourtaius. 1 (sitting da the darkness) saw nothing, end was dis tinctly incredulous. 1 went cuiaido the ourtaius to have s look but fouad to my dismay that my limbs would hardly brar inc. 1 did sec a fare, but sank into my chair immediately feel ing strangely weak and powerless ; aud a suit y»f faraway-fr(imevurybody sensation frigbt- itaed me veiy uiucb. While in the cabinet I Llkqstd the remarks «f tee p.'cple outiide dis- tinctly though, they scean-d to bo apajkiog miles away. They wcro tilkiiig to ti t uwnrr of the face I had eccu, iuvitiug l»i«n to w uie out, bat be dlclinrd on the sioieof fasvioy uo clolbee. During the interval bclwivu thnt yvruiep sod our next awning, my friend. Mis. t , «'' I manufactured suuio goitnunls out of some old ones which we juleutled to pU«c at tbo dis posal ol our Mrangc visitant should be come gain. A garment was taken tethesvnoce room and burg up within the c.abisef. ready for use when tilu spirit came. He did come, and examined Ihe garment ciitiCMily but was evi- dputly not a© pleased with it a we who, lor be rollid it UP and threw it nut inl« Dm ioooi ; if terwarda stepping out himsi-ir Intly eloihed in a joUe of puc«.r, finer, and tui-ce gracelul fashion tbae thai wbicb we Lad piuviihd. This lb" beginning ol a — lo mi: — now pbusu ot iiiitiiunt- ship, and curiously < auiigb, tLe i»oic it was cultivated (be omio difficult i« Inc.- me to obtain uny other kind of phenomena, >buwjngti nl (be ooe phase wss cultivated at the eipriifu of tie ether.' In a book written by M. AkenkofT. " A esse of partial fU'nuiteinili- Miuii of a rurdium body, a detailed account pj>e»ra f»l a matetivli iag seance given by Madame U'Ksperauce st Hel- Mngfoso in Dec., 1&93, at the urgent roquest of Kpiiitualirtit ot high social tramline. In a subsequent leLter to M. Aksakoil, Madame D'BsperaBCP wrote ; — 44 The tieculiar tbiug rIh/UI this seance eon- sihU in (be disappearance of half ray body, which 1 HHly found aut by ».ecid' nr. My head, r lather ibn impr «f ray ueok, waa giving me a good dr-al ol p»iti, and I crossed mi baud he- hiud my bead to i>upp:>il i(, which seemed Io relieve tee. My arms got tired in tbst po.-ition, Hiid wishing lo ii'sl tbem i-u my kisM-a. 1 found K it my l"g f4rr,; gone, and tbat ruy bunds, ii -«ead uf noting on oiy kiii'es, iveie on the :;ubir. Thai liigbteued mc h little, and I wished to kunw whether it was true, or if f waa dream- iug. There w.»!> ILUt so I called tbe attention ol tLc person si. ling wxt mc to tbe strange thing ; fan txsomicd the chair, and so did four ot the olbets, ao»( tb«-v all declared it was true, aod (bat only tin- upper part of ray body waa really there. The ciiair bad only bit dicsa ou it ' my -fin. alouMeis and rhot weie id the proper place nlx>ve 'be cbsir. J could speak, move my snn« and I. cad, diiuk wster, soa even ft el my legs »ud tent, although they were uot there. During all Ibis time I bo forms csmo and went, but tbcv only sbnwrd iheuivctves ; bsnds or difJuent sbapte nod sixes (uticbed tho,« who weie n<-rest the cvbinct. 1 think it must have cuufiuutd bis hour trom tbe time 1 first dis- coveied my RtraLg'M.uuditiou, which was toug enough to vnri'.v it. mid quite long enough for uie, who dpi not know if ever I would get hick my legs und be able in go Inmir, a dnuht that made m»» ueivmis. M. Aks«.k(»fl and tbe other MlUr» corroborate Ibe e-utlte u-utbfiilurss the toregoiug stato- meut, and tb former chinks (bat partial deuia- terUliral ion may be a fsr morn frequent pbe- UiuneiMiu tbaa is at all t>us|>ected. l'hi«cx- peneuce weiii to confirm bis theory about tbr. source Irnui which tbe " .-pirils " draw tbe sub stance lor tlu-ir njBteriiliSdliou?. Tbat theory is that tbvi' arc tlnce degree of materialman tioo. In (he lit at degree, we bve " invisible oialcri«ii->ai'rin " — iuvisiblc to the multitude, but nut to ttie clHiivoyaut. In Ibe secawd degree wc ha vi- 1 hi vis:i-ic mid laugibls mate rialisatieu of bau'p-, tace, wild ulber parts of the body. In tbe lb lid degree wt, have full forms. lc. all cases the mi tier rcu>t come irem somewhere, aud M. Aka(('(l l)<-li«-v i( comrs from the medium. A peculianU of Mada&ie; Dbpeaure's me- diuuialiip is eaid to he tbat by a bargain with tbe apim, she never gur. iaio a trance, aud al ways bil> oalxido tbe csbiurt, and, although abe bccoraci passive to the poiut of iadifiereucc, she always km w? p!1 Ihst goes en. 