THE JUSTICE OF REVENGE, PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. By G-eorg;© 0"3?>3LE.-fc3x9 Hutlior of "Brothers of the Chain," "The Rose of Judah," "The Angel of the Revolution," "The -.Gold-Finder," "Olga Romanoff," "The Romance of the Golden Star," &c.;, ,&a.; COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XXV.-(Contimicd.) Arid yet after all Sylvia was riot altogether on uncoriselous rival, tor before Viola went she managed on a little feriilhlne pretence ,to get her to herself in her own room, and when they were alone she took her by both hands rind said, looking her straight In the eyes: "You gear: Do you -know 'that you've made xr.e the happiest girl in England':" "I?" shin viola, summoning all her self- control, and returning the cleur, honest gaze of the soft blue eyes-as Bteadlly as though, as rthey say m the East, her heart was not turn ing to water within her breast. "IV -How on earth can that beV What do you meau, Syl- A 'blush crept up. Into Lady Sylvia's checks- as she replied: "I mean, dear, that I thought once— you'll forgive (me for saying It, won", you— but I really, tlidught once that Phil wgB In .love with you— or rather that he cared for ' you more than he did for me, and that you — " "And that I " said Viola, with just a per- cepllble note of harshness In her voice, ."that 1 thought so too, 'and felt inclined to encour- age' yriur te.au chevalier In a quite impossible treason. My dear Sylvia, 1 am afraid you have been disquieting yourself considerably In vain. The very Idea! -I daresay you will think that £ have very bad taste; In fact, you wouldn't' be as nice as you are It you didn't think so,- but I can assure you -that I have never had the slightest ambition to become the futureCountess ol' Erlingford. Of course, I admire Captain Archer very much- as a man and a soldier, and as quite the beau Ideal or what an English gentleman Should bo; but, as you know -now, my tastes, and, I may Bay, my 'ambitions too, Uo In quite a different di rection; and so now that you have got rid or this crumpled rose-leaf, I hope you will be able to make up .your wind to be us happy as you deserve to he." "You dear!" said Lady Sylvia again. Then she dropped her hands and caught hold ot her and kissed her. not with the ordinary unemo tional peck with which women are accustom ed to salute each other, -but with a real hearty kiss, which it cost Viola all her self-control to return In kind, for she ws thinking of ano ther kiss, far different .from tills, and of yet more 'kisses which might have been hers. The same afternoon Rhlilp Archer haavd the news, as Viola Intended he .should li-uar it, . from Lady Sylvia. Ho saw instantly what Viola had done, and also that she had done It in .a way. which made It utterly impossible for him to rebel agaiiist -her decision. Moreover, she had .arranged matters so detly that she had Also made it impossible for -him to make that confession 'a Lady Sylvia which Wad cost him so maw hqura of anxious ujuu&ui; uiiu iicati-tiuait: »<£» III u wviu, Viola, by her act ciC self- sacrifice, had made it Inevitable that he should either marry Lady Sylvia or jilt her In the most shameless and irrational fashion: and -since every- Instinct in his nature revolted from such -an -act -he ac cepted the Inevitable, and even promised to run down to Biarritz if -he could- got -leave at the time.- When - his Excellency -Count Makaroff re ceived the wonderfully -worded- letter tvliich sold so much and after all meant 'so- little, lie ' felt himself suddenly transported -Into a heaven of anticipated delights. A? is usually the case with most men of strong passions, ithe discouragement which he had met with at first had only! had the effect of increasing -tenfold his longing for what seemed to be sllpplng.away beyond his teach, and now here was, as It seemed, a definite promise which this radiant young creature, the most beauti ful Incarnation of womanhood that even he had ever seen, had made, him by her .-own hand. She did not admit that he had alrc-'adv won her.'but she confessed that slie was will- ' ing to be won If he could do il. ' In the first Intoxication which her letter produced ho bad forgotten all about the sus picions which Paul Orloff had raised In his njlnd with regard to her, but wllli the third or fourth reading of the letter tho recollection of these came back, and lie began to analyse them, and the more he did so the more angry he became that they should ever have been raised-,' so the first thing lie did when lie reached the Embassy the next morning was to send for his secretary. Piuil Grloff entered his chief's .private room look -lisideraWy perplexed. The fact was ithe.t f-. i weeks past he had been engaged In I a sort of duel of wits with dt- Eavalson, and lie liad got decidedly the worst of it. Thanks to the circumlocution of the English law It had taken more -than a week to do what In Russia would have ;been done in a few hours, and the factory at Watford had been cleared of every suspicious article before the tardily j granted search-warrant could bp executed. j The vanishing of '-the Grand Duke's yacht, I which <ha-J| rent a thrill of horror .through l Europe, had been,, he was convinced, due to- ' the In-ternntJonnl in general -arid -to de Raval- son In -particular; but -there was -not a shred of .evidence to help lilm. Naturally, too, this had done hint no good .In the eyes .of his chief or of his Imperial master, for the worst thing that a man In .his .position can do Is to raise suspicions which he is not. capable of justify ing. "Good morning. Captain Orloff!" said Ills Excellency, looking up with a cold stare. "You will remember that sonic time ago you men tioned certain .suspicions which, In your mind, at least, seemed to connect -Prince -Lorls Stan islas and his wife and stepdaughter" as well as their friend the Marquis .de Ravaison, not only with the Executive of the International, but also with certain mysterious murders which have lately been committed. I have sent for you to ask whether you havd any further evidence, or, perhaps, I Should rather nay any evidence at all, which tends to justify those suspicions." Paul Orloff looked somewhat uneasily at his superior before he replied. Count Maka roff -was leaning hack in 'his armchair still staring -straight at him from under his thick iron-grey eyebrows.' After. -a few moments of very uncomfortable silence 'the Secretary said: . "It Is w.ltli a thousand regrets, Excellency, that i am compelled to -say that they are sus picions still. The fact is— "Ah, yes," interrupted the Count, dryly. "It would he as well If you did' come to -the facts. Frankly, I think .we have had theory enough on .this subject. You were about to say- — " - v . "Simply this. Excellency, that -by -some inys- terlous meant?, not only bps every scrap of evidence' we ipossoss disappeared; but those who alone could have used It— those. who alone could have -proved by actual observation and personal testimony to Tlio truth of the Infor mation which I have had the -honour of laying before ycfur Excellency, nre dead— murdered as I firmly believe— and yet murdered so skil fully that there Is ho proof- that they did net die naturally. The only -fact that' -we have left — "Ah, a fact' at last!'.' the Count Interrupted again with an .ominous snarl. "TVell, what "It Is the fact,. Excellency," said the Secre tary. plucking up cpurage. again arid speak ing in n tone of dogged conviction, "it Is the fi-.ot that oh the occasion of every one of those deaths Viola Barmento w.as present." : ".Stop there". Paul Orloff!" said the Ambas- ! sudor, angrily. "Be careful -what you are saying. I riiust absolutely forbid you 'to con- I nect that young lady's name with these sus- i plclons of yours— suspicions of conspiracy, I treason and even murder, without the most ! conclusive evidence. , ..May I ask how It la ! known that she .wait (present on these occa- j slons? Have you a . single credible witness who .will swear to it?"- . "I had four." replied the Secretary, "but i they arc dead. Still tlio .chain of circumstan tial evidence remains. There Is the sworn testimony 'of -Vllliers, of Michael Ourousky, pnd of Tudor Oweiv first that Prince Lorls with his wife and stop-daughter were associa ted with the Executive of the International; Ourousky and .Owen saw them enter the house In the ' Euston road in wliloh Vllliers was found dead the next morning, Owen tit the same time recognising their friend de Ravai son ias Marcus Crane, the convict and assoelat? of .Stephen Lome, the late husband of the Princess. " Ivan Stregoff testified that the landlady of the -house In -which Ourousky and Owen met their death was -none other than A-nna Vavara, who Is now masquerading ias the -Countess Ozannewitb that other criminal Salome Fran- clllon who Is posing as her daughter. We know-, too, that on the very day before these two men were found dead in the house in Wandsworth, .exactly— let me beg your Excel lency to remark — exactly as Frank VilUem was found dead, the Princess and her, daughter leit their yacht in the Kulent and came up to London. The day but one after Stregoff In the pursuit of his duty lunched at a small hotel ,ln Sqho with a man wham Vllliers had denounced as a member of the International, and tho next d'ay he was t'akeri with violent pains In the stomach and died before night, "Lastly it is known that Mr. Curzon, who, a,s your Excellency knows, hail been active in the negotiations for the Russian monopoly of tho new motive power which his firm controls, was found dead on the promenade deck of the Prince's yacht — dead In just the same manner as the others, and just after the Princess's daughter Bad had a long conversation with him tete-a-tete. Alt -this, coupled with the fact that the so-called Marquis de Ravaison was. introduced i by Prince Lorls to his lamented Imperial I I-llghners, and that the day before the yacht, (sailed he went over every part of her, appears to my mind to be entirely conclusive," "And to my mind," said the Ambassador, " that is to say, to a mind accustomed to dis tinguish between coincidences and conse quences, It 13 entirely inconclusive. A11 that . you have mentioned Is nothing more than a ! pc-rhaps curious chain of coincidences. There is not one tittle, of -real evidence among it all. No, not even evidence which would serve In Russia-, where you seem to have been fancy ing yourself all this time: and as for anything that would satisfy an EngilBh court, it Is too ridiculous for consideration. "Now there Is another point to which I must beg you, to give the strictest attention. While you have been following this theory of yours. I liave been making the strictest Inquiries through .private sources Into the character and antecedents of those whom you -accuse. I have found absolutely nothing. You will under stand what I meun better when I tell yoti my reasons for mnklngthoselnqulrles.I have 'made no.Becret of the fact that I not only admire, but most deeply esteem Mla'm'selle Sarmento. I have asked the .permission of the Prince and r her. mother to pay my addresses to her— In short to make her my wife .if I, can . That per-; mision wnu granted, anil I have acted upon tlt; Yesterday I received -this letter from.the young lady, herself, granting me another and yet more precious .privilege. In other words. Cap tain .Orloff, you will ;heneeforth regard' Mri'm'- selle Sarmento as ,my ntllanced wife. - : "I shall, of .course, say nothing to her of .vour Buaplclpns, wlilchl.have.no doubt lare 'as honest as -they are, mistaken, since the .enmity of an Ambassador wife is not altogether a thing -to -be desired -by a .gentleman Ip your position. But. remember, no more suspicions. Should if .by any .miracle come to pass, that y.au.obtaln .praofs-lprooCs.I mean, which would satisfy an English magistrate and an English judge apd jury, then bring them to me, and; at whatever cost .to my own feelings, I will act. upon.them. But till then, silence— and mean- While br(ng nie the portfolio contnlnlng tUe.de- r.osltlons ln support of your charges. I wish to go through them carefully, and lafter that I will keep them in my .own safe." Paul Ort'off perforce obeyed the orders of his superior, though very unwillingly and with many misgivings; and two days afterwards His Excellency Count Makaroff got Into the sleeping car of the Sud-Express at the Gare d'Orleans en route for Biarritz. CHAPTER XXVI.— THE PASSING OF -SIR CHARLES. It had been a most brilliant season In Lon don, and since London Is roally the focus of civilised society, it followed that there were also brililant seasons in those other parts of the social world which are Illuminated, just as the smaller planets are, by the rays of light given off by the central luminary. , In other words, since London was full, gorged to ple thora by the assemblage of all who were sup posed to be something In the world, so when London ended Its season with that peculiar social earthquake which scatters the inhabi tants of those portions of it which are called fashionable to the various haunts which tare fashionable when London, is not, these same haunts speedily become full to overflowing. Among many others It was thus with Biar ritz. The splendid villas, standing in their glorious semi-tropical grounds, which you pass on the right hand side as you walk down into the town from the station two and a half miles away, wore full of guests, brilliant with lights, and vocal with all those sounds which Society uses to tell -other people that It Is enjoying Itself. The hotels were full; so, too, were the boarding-houses, and even the little white cottages back on the road to the station, .which lor nine months in the year hang out -the most imploring sign, 'Apartments a louer' were not only full at exorbitant prices, but were turn ing would-be guests of the smaller order, mostly French and Spanish, away, either to go home or sleep on the sands as they pleased. All the -room that was worth having or living In had been bought up weeks and months be fore. Prince Lorls had taken possession of a villa upon which some years before he had negotiated ia' mortgage, and so he was able to ask the Countess Ozanne and her daughter to be his guests and keep his wife and Viola company. Sir Charles Edward Godwin had secured a cnifill ha rtViol nu'o o it I to. nf rnnm a In 4-VtA U nkol des Anglais, and Count Makaroff, having a certain amount of Influence with the French Ministry of the Interior, had managed to do - the same; and so It came about that he and Sir Charles .became after, a few days not only neighbours, but speaking acquaintances; at the table d'hote. It so happened -that a few nights after his Excellency had enjoyed t'ne lavish hospitality of the Villa Stanislas he' requested permis sion to return the compllment'as best he could by giving a dinner at the hotel; and. thinking -that his casual acquaintance, who seemed to him quite the type of the old-fashioned Eng lish gentleman, a man who kept himself very much to himself, even In the midst of that kaleidoscopic scene, of gaiety, might feel him self a little lonely, he invited him too. "My dear slri" said Sir Charles, "you are really Inviting me to meet— well, I will not say old friends, because that would hardly be jus tified by the circumstances — but certainly I may say acquaintances. I have had the pri vilege of being received more than once at the Prince's house In Grosvenor Place, and— well, I may say I -shall bp delighted to meet such very, charming people' a gain— most delighted, I can -assure you. What a very lovely girl the daughter of the Princess Is— no-t, I believe, the. 'daughter of the Prince— of course that cpuld hardly be so— but of a former mar riage." "Exactly," said the count; "her father was a Spaniard, I believe, a Don Felipe Sarmento —one of the old hidalgos. She shows blood and birth In every word and motion, don't you think so, Sir Charles?" "More than .that," said the old judge, with an expressive gesture, which lils Excellency didn't altogether like, "more than that, my dear Count, she Is the incarnation of all the grace:. Believe me, I shall be only too de lighted .to renew my acquaintance with her. And her mother, too— the Princess; have you ever met a more delightful woman? All the grace of the South with the restfulness of the North I A happy man, the Prince! Yes, I am, I may say. more than pleased to accept your very kind Invitation." Sir Charles Godwin, to give him his legal title; or Mr. Justice Godwin, as he was better known to the world, looked "forward with un alloyed pleasure to the dinner, which took place In a private room engaged by his Ex cellency the following evening. Nor, as re gards the dinner, was he in any way dis appointed. It was an unqualified success; for, though her peasants may be starving by thousands, Russia spares no expense to enable her ministers and ambassadors to make them selves thoroughly acceptable wherever they may he. But as course succeeded course and the Drigni now or conversation rippled on and on round the table Mr. Justice Godwin some how felt himself getting less and. leas at case. If It had not been for his 40 years', training in the hard practical school of the Law, he would have been inclined to think that he was either dreaming or dining with ghosts. -De Ravaison, who had arrived that morning somewhat unexpectedly and had asked the Princes hospitality In default of finding rooms, wns one of the guests Invited by the Count at a few hours' notice. He was as usual the aeoompllBhed oosmopolltan, the well-read, well-informed man of the world. He talked so brilliantly that even Sir. Justice Godwin, with all his yast experience, found It a little difficult to keep up with him. And yet the more he talked, or the ofteuer he raised Ills fork or his glass to his Hps, the more Sir Charles, itho had, as he believed, an absolute ly infallible memory for faces, wondered where he had seen. that face, or at least a portion of It, before. tio as cosTtN oro.) 