TWENTIETH CENTURY MOVE- MENT. The President of the Wesleyan Metho- dist Conference (the Rev. G. E. Rowe) has issued an official address to the members, adherents, and friends of the Wesleyan Methodist Church in Western Australia respecting the Twentieth Cen ' ? tory Fund. The text of the address, which \- is published from the Conference ¿Office, > Perth, under date of the present month, ia as follows : - \- Dear Brethren,-It has been deemed -? advisable by the executive committee of the Twentieth Century Fund, that I ¿ should/place certain information before ~'«pu respecting the Twentieth Century 1> lavement/ in which we all hope to take t : such part as'will- be consistent with our ;t 'psst obligations, and our present. re- ssources» I cheerfully comply with the fe*eo.uest in the humble assurance that ^your attachment^ tó our beloved Metho Church needs-but the reminder that .%ibe set-time has come to " offer onto God x- thanksgiving," ' for the desires, of your grateful- hearts ito crystallise into deeds ' of consecjrated liberality. A review of ? the history -pf Methodism at home and abroad, from the days of John Wesley Hp to the close of the present century, compels from each devout and catholic studeÄfctbe jglad acknowledgment of the source of its power and the cause of its success... ..This is the Lord's doing; it is marvellous in our eyes." Perhaps no better -summary., could be given in few words than , the one contained in the foi \- lowing extract : - "Iii the 18th century God sent John and Charles Wesley and the early Metho ; dist preachers. They preached Jesus to ' the - perishing people ; planted - the- Me- thodist societies ; revived the Church of England; roused the Presbyterianism of ... Scotland ; carried hope to Deland, and new life to Wales. -They saved the na- tion from atheism and revolution. In ; ; the 19th century the Methodist socie- ties, purified through suffering, and :., welded together as a .Church, have been equipped, for: a mission : Of world-wide >r^vangelism.. As the century closes, the t: mother Methodist Church and all the ^daughter Churches of every name, in . ff.every land,' dwell together in unity. They ' preach the same, doctrine, sing 'the same Iiymns, and-enjoy the same fellowship. * / Together, they number more millions than any other Protestant Church in the ?5; world.. Di the. twentieth, century Me ? thodism is called to do a great work, for v illis she needs.tBê "Golden Oil" of the 'Divine anointing. It needs also, as the prophet saw in vision, the "Golden pipés and bowls and lsmpstands," which Aonsecrated liberality can give." For the past so full of mercy, and for the future so radiant with hope, what can .we, as Methodists, doP "We will take the cnp of Salvation and call upon the name of the Lord." It was in this spirit that.our conference, the first con- ference held in Western Australia, in March last, passed the f oUowing Tresolu 'C lions : - ' 1. That in the "judgment of this con- ference it is desirable to commemorate the commencement of. the twentieth cen " - 'tory and the establishment of a separate i»nfereneè4or Western Australia in 1S0O Hy raising a Special Connexional Fund for the maintenance and extension of the .work of God in Western Australia. 0.-;: 2. %The conference therefore resolves %:|hat-(I) A special Connexional Fand, to W:"¿&¡ called the Wesleyan Methodist Com ^moratióní'und, shall be raised for the ¿; maiöt«nanTC add extension of the work .iv of «od in Western Australia: <2) the r^llbntme^Oratibn -Fund shall be inattgu ^ 'láted^as Soon as ' suitable arrangements ^ joan be made, and shall be closed on Feb- ruary 28."1908. ; 3. The following shall be the objects :.-of thè fund £ and the general scheme of ty iauocatáon-^^l)'^ increase the Church ^ïîôan Fond for the;erection of churches, ' :V mission halls, and manses, and to assist1 ¿ ; chñrch ¿pd other connexional funds with sfc^qahs free of interest ; (2) to increase the -Bustenation Fund.for the assistance of Ê^Ôtee; mission ^aud ..dependent circuits ; P^fJ5);^Jföt;any particular "-purpose desig f ^ltated by. the donor,- such as the reduc- j tion of-trust debts on church -or .manse property. 4\. That a roll, to he called the Historic Holl, shall be opened in each circuit, on which shaH be inscribed the names of all the members of the Church, teachers and scholars in the Sunday schools, communi- cants, adherents, or friends of Metho- dism in Western Australia. The roll shall be opened on January I, 1901, and closed on December 31 of that year, and shall be autographic as far as practi- cable. A' corresponding roll shall be opened, to. contain the names of all col- lectors and subscribers, and as far as, possible each ¿name on the Historic Boll should be represented by at least the sum of £1, giren or collected on the other. This roll shall be closed on Feb- ruary 28, 1903. 6\. The conference, in determining upon this enterprise, affectionately urges our people to seek contemporaneously with this financial effort a renewed and richer outpouring of the spirit of God, that our Church in Western Australia may, be equipped for the great respon- sibilities and grand opportunities which the new century will bring us in this great and growing colony. From the foregoing resoluticos it will be seen that the conference has not spe- cified' any amount, but it is hcped that in a church numbering in this colony "over 17#00 adherents, bf whom 1,945 are Church members" and 3,723 aré Sunday school scholars, we shall raise at'least £10.000. The objects of the Thanksgiving Fund, as stated, are worthy of our most liberal support. To increase the Church Loan Fund, as resolved by the Conference, is to render help to church buüding and church trusts for all time. Trustees will appreciate the advantages of borrowing from the Church Loan Fund such sums as may be needed free of interes't, and our people generally will more gladly contribute for the reduction of principal than for the mere payment of interest. Our present Church Loan Fund has a capital of £600. If we could increase the present capital of the Church Loan Fund to as many thousands as there are at present hundreds of pounds, the bene- fits to the Churches would he simply in- estimable. The objects of the Church Loan Fund are-(1) To reduce debts oh Church property; and (2) to assist in the erection of churches, schools, and manses. The present Sustentation Fund has a capital of £3,000, the interest on which provides the means whereby dependent circuits are assisted annually. If the .capital could be doubled, the interest each year, amounting to £300, would be a great help in supplementing the in- comes of our Home Mission Stations and dependent circuits. Whild the con- ference places the Loan and Sustentation Funds in the forefront, provision is made for. any donor to . designate* his gift for the reduction of trust debts on church or manse properties, or for the erection of-a college or any Other object-desired. The time allowance for the payment of Sromises is practically 2£ years "from uly 1, 1900. If, week by week, rich and poor, old ..and young, .will, give, ac- cording as God has prospered, them, the amount that will be raised by the time the fund closes in February, 1903, will be astonishing, and stand ont as a monument to the praise and'glory of God. Special attention is directed - to the Historic Soil, which will be opened on the first day of the twentieth century, and which, when completed on the last day of the first year in the new century, will contain the names of subscribers-and collectors, whether members of our Church, teachers or scholars in our Sun .day schools, communicants, seat holders, or other worshippers and adherents, or friends of Methodism. "There is ¿ot an individual' who has received blessing under God in the Methodist Church hut will esteem it an honour to have his or her name written oh the Historic Boll. Parent» will desire that the names of. their children should ho contained in the Historic Roll. Our debt of gratitude j to the sainted dead, by whom we have j been helped and^cdmforted, will find ex-, pression in placing their names in me- moriam "on .the Historic Roll.. Bach name on the Historic Roll will represent at least £1 given dr collected. Many of our people will not limit their I expression of thanksgiving unto God by j the contribution of £1, but will contri-, bute such a sum as Ged has. enabled -them to give for the maintenance and extension of His work, in Western, Aus- tralia. Few will fail to raise at least £1, but if after steady effort, anyone should fail, his or her name will not be excluded from the Historic Roll. Every j Methodist and every friend of Metho disin in the colony should be asked to 1 help, and should have a place on the roll, j Hi as in the days of Nehemiah, the people have a mind to work, and the Methodists aré the 6ame as when Dr. Chalmers said "they were at it-all at itr^fuuT 'always at it," then the Chris- tian exercise awaiting us will be accom- panied by a great and gracious revival of evangelical religion. In no land has . Methodism a more open door than in : this colony. Her organisation is adapt- ed to the needs of the people; the gospel ßhe preaches in her pulpits is the Power of God unto salvation to everyone that! believeth ; and the fellowship in her com- j munion is fellowship with. the - Father and with His Son, Jesus Christ, our Lord and Saviour. The blessings as- sured in the new century are immensely ¡greater than any experienced in the past, and may be'ours by Christian con- cretion "and co-operation in the power' of the Hely Ghost. Let us hand to our children in the coming century a glorious heritage in Zion, and so fulfil the words of the Psalmist: '"Due generation shall Sraise Thy works to another, and shall eclare Thy mighty acts." ' ' ' 1 'i 