k GREAT WRONG ; OR, THE 61 YSTEKT OR BLACK HOLLOW GRAHGE. .CHAPTER IX — (Continued.) " Ae the queen wills." Atthe same moment a footman entered with the morning mail, which he placed be side the baronet's uiate. " Are there en; letters for me U-day, Sir Geoffrey 7" Miss Trevcthon demanded, with marked emphasis. "If so, I hope you will let me have them 7 It is rather dangerous work, I should say, for even a guardian to tamper with his ward's letters 7" Sir Geoffrey arched his brows in well- bred surprise. -'It ie indeed, mv dear," he answered, " Surely you do not mean to insinuate that 1 would tamper with my ward's letters? As surcdly yon shall have your letters, Miss : Trcvethon. Here they are I" Lenore received them — two or three from London, one from Fern Hill, the seat of her chaperon, Lady Hal stead, and another from Scotland, bearing the Piedmont postmark. She gave a start, and her fact flushed hot with shame, Here was her letter at last, and she had anomad her guardian of intercepting it. She tore it open with trembling Uogeis, and ran ' over its contents. j A brief, but exceedingly courteous epistle, ' Ambrose Gcrhart acknowledged the receipt oi her ietter, and would take great pleasure in assisting her, He thought, , nay, he was sure, that he held the key to the mystery of w icb her letter spoke. He bad lived in the n ighbnrhood of Black Hollow Grange all his life, and he bad discovered many things re- Even now, he feared to trust what he anew, upon paper. It would be wiser and safer tn all concerned for Miss Trevetbon to make a second visit to the Haunted Manor. He would be at ber service at any time, on any day she chose to mention. If she saw fit to come on Wednesday, the fonrteenth, or any day following, until the close of the week, he would be there in waiting, and on any one of these days Miss Trevethon would find a carriage at Piedmont to convey her to the Grange. His mother's cottage-was near at hand, too, where Blie would receive every attention. In conclusion, Ambrose Gerhart subscribed himself her humble and devoted Servant, and begged, if Miss Trevetbon pro pused coming, she wonld do so without de lay, as in a few days important matters wonld compel him to leave for London. Lenore's heart beat with excitement, as she read and re-read this letter. It was a daring step for a young girl to make each a journey alone ; bnt as we have already hinted, with all her beauty and her gentle breeding, Miss Trevcthon was something of a madcap. Almost instantly she decided to gb- She arose, and placed the letter in her pocket. ' If yon will do me the kindness, Sir Geof frey, I wonld like the pony carriage ordered round at once." Sir Geoffrey bowed profoundly as hs rang the bell. " The pony carriage, James, for Miss Treve- tbnn," be commanded ; then turning to his ward, " Leuore, my dear, you are surely not leaving Lyndith Hall ? It is all a jest to worry me." " 1 am leaving Lyndith Hall, Sir Geoffrey, as I told you I should I I may return again to claim my few effects, or I may order them sent to me. In any lease, Sir Geoffrey, I re- feat it, our relations are ended for ever, and bid you good-morning." She swept out of the breakfast?room with a regal bow. " As the queen wills," murmnred the baro net, bowing in his turn ; but as tbe door closed upon bis imperious ward he broke into a chuckling laugh. What a little fool she is," he chuckled 7 " like all other women ! How readily she swallowed the bait 1 She fancies she has el enped me 1 Well, well 1 we shall see. As the qm-en wills ! Ha, ha I" " Send Clotilde," commanded Miss Treve thon, as she entered her dressing-room, and in two minutes Clotilde came, her face doubly- aged and wearirg the hue of death. " Poor Clotilde, how ill and wretched you look," cried her mistress. I am sorry I let-crl expecteJf anififbeg your pardon if l' accused you wrongfully. There, we are friends again, and I want yon to dims me at once. I am going on a journey." " Miss Treretbon, do not go 1" implored Clotilde. " Oh, dear, I must, so do not fret, Clotilde. Dross me qnickly ; that's a good soul. Ill wear my brown mohair and my sable cloak, for tbe air is keen tbis morning," ' Miss Leuore, do not leave Lyndith Hall," continued Clotilde, ber eyeB piteous in their imploring agony ; "or if yon do go, let it be to Fern Hill. Dun't — " The young lady's scornful laugh inters runted her. " To Fern Hill — to Lady Halstead's. Thank you, no ! One season of her chaperonage was sufficient. I want to be free, Olotilde— not Lady Halstead's prisoner. There, there — not another word 1 Dress me quickly, and don't cry. I must catch the train, for I am going to Scotland, Clotilde." The woman uttered a gasping cry and fell on her knees at Lenore's feet. " Oh, Miss Lenore, I entreat you not tc go," she cried, wringing her bande, "Take my advice, and go to Fern Hill," Miss Treretbon turned from her impati- entiy. " I must dress myself, I see, since you are not obliging enough to assist me. If yon were not looking so wretchedly ill, Clotilde, I should scold you soundly. Have I not said that I will not go to Fern Hill. But cease weeping, you poor, silly soul. I am not leav ing yon for good. Yon shall take care of all my treasures until I return, and perhaps by that time you will have changed your mind, and will cheerfully go with me 7" But Clotilde shook ber head in despairing silence. " My hat now, and my gables, and an extra shawl," continued her mistress, ' There, I am all ready, and I hear the carriage coming up the drive." And with a nod and a smile tbeyonnglady passed out of the room and went down to the waiting carriage. " If I had dared to tell her ! Ah, Heaven! if I could have saved her — my poor, pretty Miss Lenore 1" gasped Clotilde, pressing her ghastly fane against the glass and watching the carriage as it rolled away. CHAPTER X betbayed into the TEAT. " Perhaps I am taking awery rash step,' . mused Miss Trevethon, looking from the car with snow. " This a wild journey for a giri like me to make all alone. - And wbatedis- mai afternoon it is1. Well have the enow thick about us in another honr ; and I bave heard that these Highland Btorms are furious. But I must go on, in spite of wind or weather, for I am determined to fathom -that awful mystery. As the afternoon waned, and the winter storm gathered and darkened, the lovely face and brilliant eyes loot something of their wonted vivacity. She shivered and drew her sables close, straining her eyes to catch, a glimpse of the bills beyond which tbe Handled Manor lay. " 1 hope . that promised carriage will meet mc at Piedmont," she thought. "This is certainly a dreadful evening for a journey. - I am almost sorry now that 1 came. Barely AmbroBe Gerhart will not failmeT Becal- ling his face, and the service he did me that nigat, how can I doubt himf And he rays he holds the key to the mystery Shall I be sble to lift tbe cloud of disgrace from my poor mother's name? If "«o,T shall regret nothing, that it costs me." H»r cheeks bloomed with excitement, her yes filled with teste, and ber heart gave a tsjotetag bound, as the traia came to a rod-" den halt and the shrill voice of the conduc tor-was beard shouting : ." Piedmont Station 1" , - . - She arose) gathered np. her wraps,' and pasted ont to the platform. Tbe snow was falling rapidly, and the wintry dark ness had already set in; but before Lenore had time to look shout her, a lad touched heranh. ., 4- "Please, ma'am, yara you Miss Treve- thont" . . ...-. - " I am Miss Trevethon." "Then come this way, please. Yonder's the carriage, and Mr- Gerhart'e waiting.' Lenore f ollowed him without an inquiry or m -doubt. . - About twenty yards' distant stood a closed carriage, with a pair of stout greys, and as tbe young Jady drew near, a man enveloped in a'huge cloak suddenly appeared and threw open the dour of the Vehicle. " Let me assist you, Miss Trevethon. "We are- having wild weather to-night," he said, hurriedly, as he grasped her arm. And before she could otter a word in an. ewer — almost Before she knew what was occurring, Lenore found herself in the car- ' riage, and the door closed upon her with a , sharp map. " One minute, if you please, Mr. Gerhart," she cried, seizing the knob of the door and trying to open it." But the door was locked 1 "All right, Miss Trevethon I" a mocking voici answered, and in another . breath the ' horses dashed off at full speed. "Great heavens! what does this mean 7" the .girl exclaimed,' her checks 'white with terror, as she fell back upon the cush ions. But in the next instant her fearless spirit rallied, and she bounded to ber feet, " Driver, stop the horses this instant. J command you," she cried, shaking vigorously at the carnage door. Only the wild wail of the winds, and the rear of tbe gathering storm answered her, and . through the pitchy night, which had Bhe called again and again, and heat against tbe panels, till ber delicate hands were bruised, bnt all to no purpose. Tbe carriage did not stop, and only the winds and a burst of exultant laughter answered her. She pat down in the chill darkness, the snow beating fiercely against the thick glass of the carriage window ; est down, calm and silent, but with a dreadfal presentiment creeping over her. What couid it mean I Into whose hands had she fallen? Not for an instant did she believe that Ambrose Gerhart, stranger though he might be, would take such a ter rible advantage of the trust she had reposed in him. But who was her driver, and where was she going ? She saw now, as she had not seen before, bow rash and foolish she had been, to place herself in such a position, and. her proud heart thrilled tnmultuously, as sbe realised her peril. Oa went the flying homes through the storm, which seemed to gather strength and fnry with every sncceeding minute, till the girl felt as if she must go mad in her terror and suspense. So deep was the winter dark ness, so weird and wild tbe howlings of tbe storm, so mad the speed of the horses, that as she tore along Lenore began to fancy that she had fallen into the power of some terri ble supernatural Thing, which was hurrying her on to swift and sure destruction. She had dared to pry into the secrets of the. Haunted Manor, and tola was her punish-" meni In the midst of these wild fancies, thepar- riage came to a sudden halt, in a twinkling the door was thrown open, and the figure of i the cloaked man confronted her. " Here we are, Miss Trevethon, at. oar journey's end. Give me your hand, please.'' The girl drew back, shuddering with terror. Something in her voice of this unknown man curdled the very blood in her veins. " Who are you, sir 7" she demanded, " and why have you brought me here 7" "To solve the history of the Hannted Manor," replied the same voice. And in another instant, Lenore was seized upon bodily, and lifted to the ground. Tbe darkness was impenetrable ; the snow beat fiercely in her face, and the violent wind shook her like a reed. But she tore herself free of the man's grasp, all the blood in her veins tinkling with in dignant anger. "Touch me again, at your peril," she panted. " Whoever you are, you shall suffer for thiB night's work." -»-( fc, taunting, mocking, exultant langh. Tnen, while the bewildered girl stood straining ber eyes in the vain effort to pierce the deep darkness, be took a whiBtle from hie breast and blew it shrilly. In the space of a minute, another whistle, faintly heard above the clamor of the storm, answered from some point above. " Ail right ; our friends are waiting to welcome us. Miss Trevethon, will you come /" Lentfre struggled to escape from him, "No, I ftill not go," she answered. " Then I must carry you, that's all." In a twinkling, the hqge cloak enveloped her like a pall, and she was caught up and borne away at a rapid pace; Sbe strove to free herself, but the arms of her captor held her like iron. 8he shrieked aloud for help, but tbe heavy garment stifled her voice, and, in her impotent anger and terror, she remembered, with a pang, that, is the hurry of her departure, she had uninten tionally left her little jewelled dagger on her dressing-table at Lyndith Hall. Little use it would have been, however, for she wss utterly powerleBs in her unknown captor's hands. He bore her on, naif she were on intent, up a flight of snow-covered steps, under an arched entrance, and into a wide hall, the stone floor resounding beneath his heavy and rapid tread. Poor Lenore was breathless, and almost senseless, and again tbe foolish fancy pos sessed her that some awful demoniac being had her in his power. She had heard toe re sounding echoes of the flagstones, nnd knew, by the lull of the winds, that she wss being, borne into some sort of habitation, but tbe heavy cloak which enveloped her head shut her in utter darkness. A door opened and closed, another and another, ana then the man, who held her in his rice-like arms, set her on her feet and removed the cloak which had enveloped her. "Now, Miss Trevethon, here we are all right. That was an uncommonly neat job, bringing you here so nicely, it was, by Jove 1" For an instant, the girl reeled giddily, bnt in the next her indomitable spirit rallied. She was in a lighted apartment, but several seconds elapsed before she was able to dis tinguish one object from another. When she did see, the first object that met her 'SSrigfated eves was her guardian 6 face. He bowed o her with mocking courtesy. "Lahore, my dear, I am glad to welcome you. We«carcely dated hope for yohr com- ing this wild riigbt, bnt here you are, Bich- r - The prltoxned,«n3 looked at toe w-t, whohdbroqghther thither, and a low c. tecaped her lipi. Hhebeheld Sir Geoffrey's' sont"-. . \: His dark eyes fltehe3 wjth bratal triumph ; at the'sight of her terrified jamazement, find he bmst into a peal of uproarious laughter. "Didn't know ne, did yhh. Mils' Treve thon?" hs questioned, mockingly. rtt'Ah, I deceived you very . clevedy." ; " " Lenore stood XUent an instant.tuid then her blue 'eyes began to darken findgleam." "Richmond Trevethon J" she criei, 'ier bosom heaving with the tumult iff her impe rious anger, "have you dared— " 1 - f "Of conrse I. have, my dear, her infer.; ruptcd, "dated to makemyself your pip." tec tor. Naturally mibngh; tab, I" fake it. T7hen a man sees his betroth ed-wifeyimning wiid over ithey»untfy, ittB natural he Should flos," to added, with adiabollcal lahgh, "yon haven't that neat little dagger an hand ' to-night, have .you?" - v j . 4i _ ,iv She turned from liim in wordless scorn. "Sir Geoffrey _ Trevethon," she said, ad- 4ransg ttegmfliogAaiopet.1 pwjiptf (fitaaingiot Ihis) tjWheisjam J i% - » My dear child do yon not know ? You are at the Haunted Manor, of course. You - wished to come here, I believe." A thrill of unutterable horror shook the girl from head to foot,and she glanced about her with distended eyes. The apartment was large, and must, at some time, nave been used as a library, for the dusty shelves still contained a few volumes, and there were saute tattered hangings and other articles oi furniture faded with age. "The Haunted Manor?" she repeated, in ahnsky whisper. " This is the Haunted Manor, my dear." bowed trie baronet. " Yon seem so anxious to investigate its mysteries, and I am always so willing to indulge you. As the queen wills, yon know !" Her' glorious eyes began to flash again; and the rich color leaped to her cheeks. "Sir Geoffrey Trevethon,"she cried, the full truth of her situation flashing upon her, you did intercept my letters, then 7 '' " I did, indeed, my dear," replied her guar- iiau. "I always make it a point never to force a woman wben I can deceive her ; and ycu have been very neatly deceived, as you must confess I You did not think for a minute tbatl would anffer ycu to be meeting nil sbita of low-bred men ; Ambrose Gerhart, for iostanca ? Of course, as 'your guardian, I could not." " Why am I here 7 Why was I made a prisoner and brought to this place I" Lenore demanded. The baronet's son made answer with a mocking laugh. " My dear, your question brings as to the point," replied Sir Geoffrey. " We are hero to celebrate yonr marriage with my son." Lenore's heart grew faint within her, as she stood in the dnsty old room, with the merciless faces of her two mortal" enemies looking down nponher; bnt her regal self- possession did not ;teil, or her flashing eyes falter. She made no answer, and her guar dian went on. " Ages ago it -was a customs with tbe ti!o ens'. torn 7 If I remember rightly, yonr great grandfather was married in this very room ; and his bride, we are told, was the loveliest lady on which the English sun had ever shone. Bat I'll wager she was not one whit lovelier than yourself." U tter consternation deprived Lenore of the power of utterance, and her guardian went on : " I was sure it wonld please yon, revering all the old customs of your race as you do, to celebrate your nnptials at the Haunted Manor, and here we are. Richmond, throw open the door, and give Miss Trevethon yonr arm," The young man opened a door to his left, disclosing "to tbe amazed girl an adjoining apartment which seemed in the dim light to be hung with funereal drapery. In the centre of this room stood a table, and before it a dark-robed clergyman, with an open prayer- book in his hand ; and just behind him a woman whom Lenore recognised, with a thrill at relief, as Clotilde. " Come, my dearest," said Bichtnond, at tempting to take her hand, " submit grace- fully to the inevitable, and let the ceremony proceed at once." cue wreucnea nerseir away rxom mm, net eyes flashing lightning. "Do not come near me, I command yon," he cried. " Touch me at your peril." The young man laughed insolently. "Ah, my little tigress, you would show yonr claws, eh ? But even a tigress may be tamed. Come quietly now ; yon must sub mit to the tying of the knot." Miss Trevethon tamed her indignant glance upon the baronet. " Sir Geoffrey Trevethon," Bhe said, her voice cool surd silvery, " if you have decoyed me here for tbe purpose of frightening me into a marriage with your son, rest assured you have bad your trouble for nothing. As I told you in the beginning, I tell you now, I will not marry him. I will die here where I stand rather than speak the words that will make me his wife. " And yon, sir," she added, clenching her white hand and setting ber teeth, " only let me regain my freedom, and yon shall pay dearly for all this." The baronet laughed softly. " Regain yonr freedom, my dear," he re peated. " My dear Lenore, yon are not at all likely to be free for some time to come unless yon pay the required price for your liberty. Listen to me, Miss Trevethon. We have no time for theatricals. The night is passing away, and we must get out of this old ghost-trap and be on our road to Paris fore, it is not likely that that I shall relin quish the hopes of a life -time, and see my son cut off from his rightful inheritance, all be cause of an idle whim on your part. Yon are Richmond's wife as it is. You were married to him, at your father's wish, in yonr childhood, and yon are commanded by yonr tether's last will to hold that marriage sa cred." . She laughed in hia very face, insnperb and ."earless scorn, "I repudiate that silly ceremony of my youth," sbe exclaimed ; " and you will find it a little difficult to force me to submit to yonr wishes." The baronet's smiling face had changed in a fearful manner. It was livid with sup pressed passion, and his eyes glared like those of a wild beast. " We'll see I" he answered, In a low, threatening voice. " That clergyman there, ind the woman who is to act as witness, are ooth mine, sworn to my service. You marry ny son and to-morrow's dawn will see you on your way to Rome, and to-morrow's papers -rill annonnce the alliance." . 11 But if I refuse, as I do, Sir Geoffrey, vhat then 7" interrupted her fearless voice. "What then? Listen, Miss Trevethon, ind yon shall hear. If you refuse, the cere- uony will proceed all the same, and the wit- less will sign the certificate. The sole dif- "erence, Miss Trevethon, will be this : The voman Clotilde is bound to my interest, ind she will accompany you and Bichtnond to the altar, and afterwards will certify to your sudden death in foreign lands while you, my dear ward, will be dmmured in the black well of this " Haunted House" which you were so anxious to see. No suspicion will attach, added Sir Geoffrey ,witb one ot bis dia- bdlical sneers, to the advent in a few months of Bichmohd Trevethon without hie young wife in whose right be heirs the vast estates of the Trevethons." . Lenore's courage waned, and her cheeks grew pale, despite all her natural fortitude as she realised the fiendish canning of those in whose hands, by her rash journey, she had placed herself. She glanced towards her .guardian, Sir Geoffrey's face wore an aspect of lambent scorn and triumph combined ; she turned towards -Clotilde, as one woman in deadly peril will to another : tbe poor woman stood shaking in every limb, her hands clasped in agony, her bloodless face blanched m her utter, despair ; and then Lenore's eyes lighted upon the fscude clergyman who stood line a mocking demon, hook in hand. " Now, my dear"' questioned the baronet the.resnRbf my 'intrigues1 is to be /Aa yon sup «o obstinate, yonr demise will - . bo reported from Borne, acd all that y have schemed forwill come to pass. Asforwai ha, ha 1 we shall see." He seized hereby the arm, surd drew, or dragged, her across the) room. Then, lifting the thick, black anas that draped the wall, he ran his hand along the surface of the oaten panelling, and, lot. there was a sharp click, and a door slid slowly aside, as if by magic, revealing a blade void, which looked like the «ntmnce to azegion of impenetrable derkneee _ fOBECOSTDTOKD. ' 