Personal and Political. [By OniTio.] '* There is a melancholy possibility that the plague in Sydney muy eclipse excitement over the war. We live in stirring times. It is remarkable how many Koman i Catholic clergymen in Australia have ' brothers or cousinB who are British officers in South Africa. 1 lie Army and the Church seem to run in Irish families. C. 13. Deidttr, the really distin gnished editor of the 'Evening News,' has gone to New Zealand in hopts of improving his grievously impaired eye sight. The lost of the people directly con nected with the ' Fisher's Ghorfc ' tragedy — and comedy — of Campbell town has just become a ghost himself. The lock of the old flint-Jock pintol of 'Bold Jack DonabOe,' the notorious busUranger, has been discovered iu Sydney. 'Baldy' Davis, M.P. for Bourke, refers to his late opponent, the well known M.L.C., as 'a Mr. E. D. Mil len.' Satire from the west ! Annie Besanfc, tbe Theosophicol priestess, returns to Australia on a lecturingi tour shortly. Although a woman, she wars against war. A Sydney merchant, who has come into advertising prominence through tho Bushmen's Contingent, was once asked a question qb to the probable ?effect of Federation. 'Man,' he re plied angrily, 'I have no time for Federation. I am putting a new brand of whisky on the market.' I The wife of Lieutenaut- Colonel Ons low has the finest diamonds in Austra lia. Shu did not object to her huaband going to the war. Ho would have gone but for the Bhabby treatment of hie friend Captain Larkin. What about influence after thia. A would-be member of the Bushmen's Contingent in his application for en listment Fcnt iu testimonials from a Supreme Court Judge, Major-General French, Sir George JDibbp, Mr. Lyne, Mr. See, Mr. HasBiilJ, Mr. O'Sullivan, Sir Joseph Abbott, many merchants, and more magistrates, and yet he waB refused, notwithstanding lie passed tho tests in riding nnd shooting was of good character and of military stamp. Just now that rejec ted warrior ib about tbe maddest wan in camp, and his remarks are free, fluent, forcible and unprintable. It is interesting to learn of a case where overwhelming influence is itself over whelmed. Richard Sleatb, M.P., has gone to the South African front on hia own. He will see fii-ht — through a powerful telescope. Ooce on the floor of the House he declared that should an enemy threaten Sydney he would barricade himself behind the Blue Mountains. Ah ! t h e 8 o political braves!' And there are many of them. British supremacy in South Africa will mean tho 'openiog up' of the richest laud in (he world. It will provoke a phenomenal boom. In Australia, where times are bad, many eyes will be turned tow. rds South Africa, and a multitude with muscle, money, and enterprise will crosB the oceans and permanently settle in South Africa, Can Australia afford to lose these men. Most assuredly she cannot. A boom in Scntb AWca will mean tho biggest and heaviest blow this country ever received It will be remembered how tbe eastern colonies Buffered through the exodus to WeBfc Australian, gold fields. But l the departures were not beyond our \- shores. - Tho fcoen, too, returned in large numbers. South Africa is tBree weeks' steaming from Sydney, and the chances are that, only a percentage will return. Prosperity in South Africa-will certainly not tend towards progress in Australia. Solicitor W. T. Griffin, a brother of the lamented Major who lost his life in South Africa, bas consented to Btaad for Guudogai at the next general election. Mr. Griffin is a son of the . late gold commissioner Griffin, who died suddenly, at Molong a few years ?go. Sydney Jb pcared over the renewed outbreak of the abominable plague. It hob been traced to tho W eat Sydney wha.'ves, the ' oldest portion of the city, and au ideal breeding place Tor disease. This section of Sydney may yet hove to be destroyed by Are. ? Poet Henry Lawson proceeds to London shortly, having bonkod a pas sage for himself and. family by way »-f South Atrico. By the way, Henry is onco more a father. Ho now boasts of a boy aod a girl Good luck to this bright youug Australian, who found literature a poorly regarded pursuit in Australia'. His success in London, is already assured, for he has many en gagements to (ill. Desmond Byrne is the latest Aus tralian addition to tlio London press, Mr. Byrne was fon the Melbourne 'papers; hois now doing leader, aod otber work for the 'Daily Mail'— a journal with a circulation of over a million. It is said that Mr J. It Caiey', president of tho board of directors of ? tho 'Daily Telegraph,' and the must conspicuous among the promoters of the Bushmeo's Contingent, is booked for a Kuight Bachelorship at Queeu's . Birthday, Mr. Carey is a smartlook ing citizen of upwards of 50— ho mny be 60— who is genial and energetic. He goes to South Africo with the rank of Major (specially gazeltod)iaB a special service officer Mr. Carey is very special, in fact, just now. He once 'patriotically' formed a syndi pate to take over Sydney's tram ser vice. ° The beautiful Bcheme was oquaBhed. 