UNWELCOME MUSIC. \ Every man has in the. way of - fire his own likes and dis likes, writes Mr. Bnttersby in a war letter to the "Morning Post." Home men always bob to a bullet; others catch their breath'at a shell; otlaers dread the patter of a Maxim. It.is not a question of timidity or of deadlines, but of personal antipathy. Infantry fire is beyond all question most fatal, but many pay less heed to the whispered whistle of the bullet than to any other of the flying forms of death. There is a bird out here, a l.ttle blown bird like a brambling, with a note that exactly mimics the .Mauser, and an un comfortable habit of fluting it in ugly jilnces. Trie Lea-Metford'.s note is nearly a third lower, and the Martini has tdm dull hu7.7. of a laden bee. Iletwc-en the three there can be no mistaking, but the Boers' have four or live other lines hauler to re cognise. Hie note varies, no doubt, with the rifling and initial velocity; il. varies, too, with the length of flight. The Mauser's most me'o.lious ipeiijrl is 1,800 yards; point blank it is not ing but a nasty nasal sneer, but o ic may bs a poor judge of melody at close Quarters. A flat- no-ed or "dum dumined" Mmiser probably makes a sound which one attributes to some unknown rifle, but the queerest' note of all comes from a Mauser spinning the wrong way 1 after a Eehorhet. Jt i.s like the coughing of a sick ghost—indescribably curdling. J'erhap* the knowledge that at such odd | moments it will let an inch of daylight : through ene rather ad Is to the effect. The | worst and best of bill et music is that one alwajs hears it beh nd one. It is past be fnie the ear can make a note of it. But that, of course, is only a consolation when the bullets are few. On the other hand, one listens to the panting of a .shell or of a bomb a quite appreciable while before the splitting bang announces its arrival somewhere. TVie panting grows clearer and seems to grow quicker an the thing comes straight onward, till one can almost feel it in-the air. That, if one is pitting st'dl and has ever known the thing to open at ope's feet, is the psychological moment for which on a hatt'etield one has the least use. But the damage which a shell does not do is wonderful. At Driefonb in tie enermy dropped one into the leading team of the baggage tin In, just as the carder was brought iri to boar to the right. The shell dropped between the r'econd span of mules, , and the whole ten were lifted off their | legs by the explosion, ami disappeared in a squealing, k.cking cl ,ud of smoke'. ' .As the dust subsided, and the drivers want for- | ward to cut out the pieces, the; mules staggered, span by spnn, to their feet ajsd went forward witfn a whinny to the crack of the whip, #one the worse for their tumble. Such incidents should make one view shell fire almost with a friendly eye; j but the 15-pounder is not always a j humorist. 