AMUSEMENTS. \- TXI3ACE THEATRE.—' "LADY DOLLY." Tlio new two-act opera, by "Mr. Alfred Hill, with libretto by Mrs. Marjory ' Browne, received its "premiere" at tho Palace Theatre on Saturday evening, under the ausplc.es of the Sydney Lied©- tufoi. Despite scnio manifest shortcomings there Was more than a sufficiency of merit in the pro duction to please tho crowded house. Many numbers had to bo repeated, aud at tho closo of tho opera, composer aud aufaor were called before tho curtain, and warmly applauded;. Though billed as a romantic opera, the romantic clement in "Lady Dolly" is not strong. What there is of a plot is barely comprehensible. It consists mainly of a string of detached scenes, with hut j Ilttlo mutual connection, but tho outlino is as follows: — Tho country gentlefolk have assembled lu the gardens of tho l"hiko of DmrnviifTo's coun- try seat to welcome that nobleman's American flancec. Miss Beryl Brooklyn. Beryl, after vari ous Incidents, is confronted with tho alarming ghost legend attaching to ibo old mansion, aud tho curse that every Duke of Pcanccliffo will die within three years of his marriage Prompted by lovo, tho American lieiicvs resolves to avert i the curse. With this intent she decides to await the apparition at midnight, and with a certain in fallible formula lay the troublesome ghost of tho Ixidy Lucrotla for ever. There are no ghosts, of course, for tho present day audience, but the raeriuorlst can still weave his spell, and e>o Juan Castello, a tempestuous Swuigali, happens to bo there. Ho is scheming to win Ladv DellV from her sailor lover, Liouienan; Jack Forest. " Dolly is temporarily hypnotised out of her allegiance to Jack, and is made to descend the grand stairs at midnight to an assignation with Castello. Tho evil schemer Is foiled by the ghost-waiting Bervl, who, seeing in the slcep-wr.lkcx tho Lady Lucre- yiu liifseaioju uy nor strenu- ous appeal for the remission of the curse. Lady , Dolly is awakened out of her trance, and in an incongruous melodramatic tornado, Castrllo is ejected, and tne curtain falls. As presented to the audience the story is by no means a model of lucidity, and what it lacks by brevity has, on tho other hand, boon unduly extended by irrevelant musical numbers, even to tho extent of introduc ing such anti-climax as follows the supernatural denouement on the terrace, at which point the first act should bo made to close. The composer of "HiuerooaP could hardlv fail to write taking music, if so minded, and he has t -oaitd Lie Incidents in "Lady Dolly" with no littlo attractive variety and force. Bv nature he hiw put his chief strcugUi into tho orchestra. Ihe scoring is dexterous aad descriptive, except- ir.t, the prulude. which is treated without any Imagination. There aro one <>r two songs to be adnured, ihe choruses are excellent, aud the cnscmblos are highly imposing. The dances and ballet, which form a voluble feature of the production, aro supplied with piquant and grace ful music; the costume gavotto opening tho se cond act, the Lilac Ballet, and tho skirt dance hy the quintet of charming children are con spicuous examples; and where Mr. Hill has not avoided the commonplace, he has invariably re- deemed it by clever treatment. A detailed ac- numoer wounl be as useless as it would bo tedious. The oy.era is well mounted, and the cast, if not strong, is satisfactory. Some 01 the members occasionally wandered oat of tho picture, but they are u?t altogether to blame for this. To Miss Hetty Holroyd as Beryl fell the chief suprano music; ti.e popular singer was oeard to decided advantage in many of tho .tongs n 'l wil"a Jii'-rT Brewer (the Duke) the balance, owing to the weakness o.' the tenor, was entirely destroyed. Aiiss Bertha Caldwell (Lady Dolly) scored one o£ the "hits" Oi the evening In "A penny lor vour thoughts" — a chance where some "effect" offered, and, more over was "fetching" in the masquerade of the Lady Lucretia. Mr. IV. S. Brattle, though a too-exuoerant villain, at tones, did on the w<ola admirable work as Castellr: the baritone won a v, eHrticiserved encore in "u. Summer Dav." un doubtedly the best solo in t« opera. Mr.Burns- Malker (Lieutenant Fores;, also well-sustained tne vocal interest. The minor parts were tak»n by -diss Mem Haytcr, and by Miss Mabel Has tings, and Air. V> . D. Lcughlln, a pair whose humorous episodes created much enjoyment. The caoras and orchestra, largely drawn from the Sydney Liedertafel, and conducted bv the com- i poser, were exceptionally good. The dances i wore arranged by Mrs. \VA.\skitt Allen, and the : stage directed by Mr. Cecil Lawrence. "Lady Dolly" will be continued until further notice. i 