STRAY ,'TSTOTRJS. (by ramsbxr) witat pries i.. our orioketers p Thoso ' Korrly ' ha Is wsi'o to muoli for thoni. Thn ' Boat ' team won no doubt, but it is to bo hoped that our follows will turn tho . tables tho next time the toaraa moot. Tho smolcn concort- was vory oujoyablo, nnd G. D.'h chuff (not Hay) was pleasant to lisleu to. I wondor if thoso oggs waro laid by the wooden hen or in tho good old fashioned way. I am afraid if nil our orioketers who merit tho ' ogg' aro to bo supplied tho wonr and tear on the natural source will be raoro than poor ' ohookie ' can stand. nn# The true 'statement of that yarn' is that tho boots wore not put out to bo cloanod, hut were thrown up over th" balcony ns an iiidhmtiun thnt .some one, being out nft-r hours and tho doors looked, was ' shinning' up tho posts. Of oiiur-io wo ooutd not oxpeot the viaitortrto givo the show away, but an onrly bird has whispered the tale. ' : Oh lot it bo soon. I'd sooner ho tli i bishop of , Terryinoogniio than I would wander down tbo valos of Vnllambrosii (that is down nonr Marulnn), olad in all tho glory uf Adam's apple and, a bars skin, How I would oultivate my dusky flock of dark divinities, dwelling 'noath tho shady shndos of shadowy trees, swung soothiugly to the sweet, sad song of the sylvan sylphs, supping sherry and soda nil the day, and performing the duties appertaining to iny bislioprio when fair Luna gloamoth bright ! W But I say l dpn't owo that fellow for, ! wo drinks j tho 1 h stt i moh e to o k m o into shout for mo ho bovrowed the ' bob'' off me to pay for thorn. I know ho ..don't want me to leave ; I'm his mblon,-; but I'll :turn some day and have my revenge, . and shall give! him a' good,' bard knock. He thinks lio's .smart; he thinks his shadow gets out of breath trying to lcenp up.to: him, but- it dou't. If I was like unto him I'd go and offar myself as a vade meum to the post' office or some other oharitable instit- uti .-n.; There's.- no ptnzomata about me I i -AA ;v ''" : , " 1 Puddy's a ounniug follow . Ho was dentin expressly for the mail, and his forgettory being in good working or itur he. went home, just at milking limo, too, without it, and as some im portant letters were expected ho had to come back to to wn . Of courso he could not fly, and it was too far to walk, so he- found tho slowest horse on t'lio estate and rode. He did the twenty minutes in half-an-hour, and so escaped drawing the laoteal fluid from the fomale quadruped of tho bov ine apecieR for that evening at any rate. Paddy'B cute,— Paddy was a outo; 'un ; Paddy wasn't . . green.; ; . Paddy oomo to our town to get a letter sweet , ' Paddy did the mail (orgat on purpose too, I ween ; ' Pnddydidu't milk that day —he rested his poor feet, : : J. Impo that the LeidertafeUwill coms- out hero ; it will bo a good lesson in part singingfor the warbling . portion of the community. There is nothing nicer in tbis.pvorld than to liston to oli-irums' with tho'par'tS'Wolli bainnoed. Lot ii' hope; that th'ey . will be here; and thnt soon. The " mechanical effects on Fri day. night wore a'l .right. The guns wore loaded up to the brim and went off with: a fine bang. " X fancied that I ' myself, could ' have gone 1 for a Boer that night, so much was my pntrioiic fooling stirred-. Instead; I knocked down one small bottle of McEwnu's best, to the hoa'th of " Oar Boys , at tho front and a speedy' Arid sife re turn," ' , . . ; ; Mr. Roso will ho hero biv Saturday night. I hope he lias got full .per mission to go and build the railway riaht straight away and,, let tho laud'-, ownors receive compensation after- wards nceord'ng to the .Government valuation. I'm potting tir.-d, of walk ing to Goulburn, aud I might havo a cliauce of gotting a free ride on th-> train. I could go as " dead , weight." # # # Who is the local- corre'pon lent of. the " Bathurst Sentinel ?" , 71 know: snmoono out Lqggan way who threat ens to send him to kingdom- come if hb finds him out. And, by Hogan's ghost, ho meana it. Look out there Billee, or you'll fall in ! 