Open Column. We do not iienttfy ourselves with the opinions of our correspondents. ORANGE VERSUS BATHUBST. (tt the Sditor of the Bathurst Free Press.-) Sir,7 — As so much has been said of late disparaging of Bathurst and laudatory of Orange, will you kindly allow me to offer a few comparisons, which havo oome under my own observation, as a resident of both towns for a number of years and a constant visitor of late to one of them. What I shall say is the record or conclusion drawn from actual experience, not hearsay, and I think I can safely challenge substantial contradio tion, although, doubtless, the comparison will prove ' odious ' to Borne of the good people of the more western town. The first thing that strikes a visitor in Orange ia the frequency with whioh the question is put to him — ' Well, what do you think of Orange?' — just the same as a stranger going to Sydney is confronted at every turn with the query ' What do you think of our beautiful harbour. ?' Well, as far as Sydney is concerned the oitizens really have something to ' blow ' about. There is no getting away from tho foot that the Harbour is beautiful. But as for Orange, what the people up there have to boast of I certainly do not know and I do not think that they in reality know themselves. At the present time the people of Orange, are very much elated at the thought -thai; they are going to havo the Federal Capital, and I believe that most of them are of the opinion and really do believe that Orange is the hub of the universe ; and that as a matter of foot the Federal Capital must oome to Orange. Well, we shall see ; time will tell. For some reason or other Orange people appear to bo very much troubled about Bathurst— -why, I really do not know ; the fact remains they are. If you happen to be from Bathurst and visit Orange, and if the people of Orange know that you come from Bathurst they will tell you at once, and they will tell you often, that Bathurst has not got 'the ghost of a ohanoe.' ' You have no water,' they will toll you; 'Tour olimate is too hot.; you have not got the natural advantages that Orange has, and Bathurst is not in the running at all.' Why the people of Orange should at all worry themselves about Bathurst is a mystery, but still they do. They will' tell you that Orange is a far superior town to Bathurst ; that their streets are better ; their footpaths, their parks, and everything else is better. Now, why these comparisons ? Is it because Orange is jealous of Bathurst, or what ? There must be some cause for this persistent ' blow,' for ' blow' it is. If Orange likes to comparo, Bathurst should be quite, willing, for any unbiassed judge will say the latter has all the best of it. Lot us see what can be said on the subjoot. For a beginning, then, the Orange people say that thoy have o splendid water supply — a supply whioh oan't be beat. Well, what oan be said on that point ? During the last couple of years there was a soaroity of water in Orange, to suoh an extent that the gutters could not bo flushed and the gardener would not be allowed to use the water at certain times for watering the park, so that the water holes in the park were allowed to dry up or to become stagnant for want of water. And, mind, Orange has only 4000 inhabi. tants to Bathurst's 10,000. If Orange had the population of Bathurst there would have been a water famine there these last two years. Now, with regard to Bathurst, the water works as at present constructed are oortainly also a failure, but the people of Bathurst can thank one of the previous Governments for that. ? The people of Bathurst trustod the Government and their highly paid officers too muoh, expeoting that they would .recommend and carry out the best available scheme. But experience has taught them the reverse. But while admitting partial failure in this respeot, let me ask — is Orange aware that Bathurst is contemplating a water soheme by gravitation (Federal capital or no Federal capital) that will furnish one of the. best gravitation sup plies in the colony ? May I tell them that Bathurst has resources by whioh sufficient water oan be impounded to supply half a million of people with water for ' two yeata independent of rain after once the contemp lated gigantio natural reservoir' gets filled with water ; and that its watershed or catchment aroa inoludes nothing less than betweon 500 and 600 square miles, as com pared - to the 10 square miles of Orange. Bathurst can supply a Sydney with water can Orange ? But more about the water anon ; let us deal with the question of olimato. Tho olimate.of Orange is aortainly a bit damper than the olimate of Bathurst ; but what then ? Tho olimato of Bathurst is dryer and purer than that of Orange, and as a better health resort Bathurst must come to the fore, for a dry air is far more beneficial for pulmonary complaints ; and when it comes to temperature, well, Bathurst always gives a true report. If the thermometer registers 100 degrees in . the shade the fact is stated honestly ; but is that the oase with Orange ? As a matter of foot ' I have myself seen as much as 95 degrees by several thermometers there, but the offi cial thermometer would record 80, or per haps 85 degrees, for the simple reason that the offioial thermometer of Orange is kept in the Post Office yard, which is surrounded with high briokwork, so that it is pretty well impossible for the sun's rays to penetrate or shine into it. Should the Orange offloial thermometer by some moans bo Bhutod from its preeont dark and shady corner the result would bo astonishing. And further, with regard to tho 'beautiful climate' of Orange ; I have seen tho thermometer drop from 80 degrees in tho shade to 85 degrees in tho spaco of throe hours, not once, but often. Why, it would take a cast-iron constitution to stand suoh ohanges ; and surely a climato as trioky as that cannot be classed as healthy. Wo have ofton hoard tho Orange poople say that they have had to light their fires in summer fcimo towards night ; just so — the changos aro so auddon from hot to cold that fires must bo lightod to equalise matters a little. Thoro are several more points of compari son thit must be dealt with, and with your permiBaion, Mr. Editor, I shall refor to thorn in anothor letter. , ' ? Yours truly, ? ' A VISITOR. 