A GREAT TEMPTATION. She liked him so well that although it was the day of her magnificent ball, she wept bitterly for the sorrow that must be his. ' If he had only liked me as I like him,' she said-' ina kiidly, sisterly way, withou) any of this tiresome love! If he had only loved Ethel, who is worth a dozen of me ? He will not reproach. me, but he will go away from me looking so sad and so wretched thatI shall never feel quite happy agaii--he whoselove might honour a queen. She was obliged perforce to dismiss all thoughts of him, for servants and assistants required her superintendence. She was wanted in twenty places at once. It was not until the hour came for dress ing that it occurred to her tihat she was in a sad dilemmia over the two bouquets. Which must she carry ? ' I will take a few flowers from both,' she said with a smile, 'and then I shall avoid any tragical denouement for this evening at least' All preparations were completed then, and Crown Leigliton had never looked so mag nificent, never even in those days when kings and queens had held high revel in the vast state apartments. Lady Charnleigh's vivid imagination had been allowed to run riot; every:beautiful combination of flowers, lights, velvet hangings, and marble statuary which it' was possible to imagine was there. Nothing was wanting. There was endless vistas of light and blossom; the fountains, the silvery spray of which reflected manifold hueiS; perfume so sweet that it seemed'to fill one with ecstacy; music so clear, so harmonious, that no one could listento it unmoved. The servants, all assiduous and attentive, rejoiced in this re turn~of olden times. All the elite of the county had beeninvited, andLady Charnleigh remarked with plea sure that searcely one invitation had been declined.. As she went upstairs to dress, satisfied with the tour of inspection she had made, she siet' Lady Fanshawe. ' I must express my surprise, Leonie,' said that lady ivith an amiable smile. ' I have never seen anything in better taste; the deco rations aresuperb. My dear child, where have you learned to arrange all these things I I have olno wish to flatter you, but you were indeed 'borri to your rank.' It would have been a thousarid pities if seach talents as yours had been lost to the great world.' And Lady Charnleigh, well pleased, passed on to'her dressing-room, wlhere her maid, with a most anxious face awaited her. There lay the superb costumes ready for the char ades and the ball; jewels gleamed from their velvet beds satin, lace, velvet, and glisten ing silk lay in picturesque disorder. Lady Charnleighglanced round with a smile of content, All this was hers. The proud feeling of possession swelled her heart as it had never done before. All this was hers to give and to take, to ddoiwith as she would This brilliant festival had sprung from one little word of hers; these 'people, the aristocracy of the country, were all assembling at her bidding and to d6 her honor. Presently her eyes fell on the two bouquets both placed on the toilet- table, and a slight shade of perplexity crossed her beautiful face. 'Divide those flowers,' she said to her maid; ' I will wear some of each. If Bertram had:brought me only a bunch of wild blue bells,' she added to herself, 'I would rather have had them than exotics from a king's garden, but I cannot make Parl unhappy to-night. : A magnificent toilet, in which she was to receive her guests had been prepared; it 1 could be changed afterward for the charade costumes. ' I have never seen you lookl so well, my lady, said the maid, when the arduous duties of the toilet were completed; and Lady Charnleigh, looking in the glass, felt satisfied " CHAPTER XXVI, The fe?tivities of that night were not soon forgotten It.was as though all the beauty and elite?iof the county were gathered together; ind the queen of the brilliant as sembly was Leonie, Countess of Charnleigh. Captain Flemyng looked round on the scene of mgnificence and splendor. Lady Charnleigh was standing where the light from one of the large chandeliers fell full 'upon her; there was a smile on her radiant face, for the chief magnate of the county, the Duke of Burdon, was complimenting her, and Leonie was young enough to enjoy flattery from a duke. She looks like a queen among her cour tiers,' said the young soldier to himself. 'I say from my heart that she reigns here far better thai I .should.' Some softening thought had evidently passed through her mind, for she smilingly invited him to join her, and he thought she preferred his society to that of Sir Bertram "Gordon. Then her brilliant company went in long procession through the broad, fragrant cor ridor to the theatre, where everything was prepared for them. A pretty little greenroom had been fitted up for those who were to join in thotableauxand charades. One after the other beautiful pictures was received with great eclat, the two favorities being Miss Dacre ad Elaine and Lady Charnleigh as Marie Stuart. There was a general demand before the tableaux came to an end that the ladies shoisld wear the same picturesque costumes forthe ball. The music was well chosen. The band had been sbnt for from London, and the first strains of a dreamy German waltz seemed to float away among the flowers and lights The.procession from the theatre to the ball room was even more brilliant than the former one .owing to the picturesque dresses of the ladies. ' My costume is not complete,' said Lord Holdeneto the young countess; 'I want a pair of silver shoe-buckles- those'of the regu lar old-fashioned type. Lord :Holdeno had been one of the most efficient actors in the charades, and Lady Charnlsigh was very desirous to please him. 'I mustedance this first waltz,' she said; 'then I will see that some are found for you.' The first waltz was with the dukeand be fore she could attend to Lord Holdone's re quest she had to dance - with Sir Bertram. Never while the sun shone and flowers bloomed did Lady Charnleigh forget the happiness of that hour. The lights, the flowers, 'the fragrance, all seemed to bowilder her. I-lis arm was rounrd hei; his eyes were lingering on her swreet face. IIe was thinking to himself, 'She will be mine; to-morrow she will promise to b: my wife.' When the dance was cihded, andt the last sweet wild straines' had died away, Lady Charnleigh turned to him. 'I am going to the housekeeper's room,' she naid 'to send Mrs, Fearon in search of some silver shoe-buckles.' lHe was pleased to linger a fewv minutes longer by her side. SI willaecompany you,' he said; and they left the biall-room together. She gathered up the sweeping train of purple velvet and threw it over her white arm. 'I wonder if queens ever feel inclined to run,' she said; 'it is to be hoped that they are not always ei reins. One of my childish delusions was that they sat all day with crown and scepter. How many more of my girlish fancies are but delusions, I wonder i' Before he could reply they had reached the housekeeper's room, and Mrs. Fearon was made .acquainted with the difficulty about the shoe-buckles, 'There are sure to be plenty of them, my lady,' she replied, 'in the large wardrobe in the oak-room." 'Then let one of the maids go for some at once,' said Lady Charnleigh. Mrs. Fearon smiled. ' I donot think, my lady, with all due sub mission, that any of them will dare to go. I will go myself the instant I have finished here.' 'I can not wait. Why will no.one dare to go, Mrs Fearon 1' 'There is a belief, my lady, that the oak chamber is haunted; none of the servants will enter it. I am obliged to attend to it myself.' Patience was certainly not one of Lady Obarnleigh's virtues. The color flushed inher beautiful face, and the white jeweled fingers flung back the violet velvet train. ' I will go myself. If I wait until you find a sensible maid-servant, or until you have finished, Lord Holdeno will not have his buckles to-night-that is certain.' The housekeeper was far too wise ever to contradict her imperious young mistress. 'As you please, my lady. Shall some one carry a taper foryou I' 'No, I will carry it myself. The next time you engage any maids, Mrs. Fearon, take care they have no absurd fancies:' Sir Bertram had stood by an amused spectator of thelittle scene. He admired Leonie's impetuous, spirited manner, and thought her more beautiful than ever when she was impalient Mrs. Fearon provided a silver candle stick and a wax taper. 'Pray let me go with you, my lady to carry this,' she said. 'No, I will not take you from your em ployment. Is this the key I' For the house eeper with great solemnity had unlocked a small iron chest and taken from it an antique key. 'This will open the wardrobe, my lady. It used to be the rule of the house that no one should ever open it except the mistress of the house.' 'What does it contain-anything very precious ?' asked the countess. ' Old-faehioned court dresses and orna ments, antique jewelry, valuable point lace, and other things.' 'I wonder that I never thought of looking in itbefore. Mlake haste, Mrs.Fearon.' Then with a lighted taper in her hand, she walked quickly through the corridor with Sir Ber tram by her side. 'I am very much afraid,'she said, laughing, that my manners have not that repose which stamps the class of Vere de oVere. How impetuous I am ! I could have carried that good Mrs. Fearon off in a-whirl-wind because she was not quick enough.' 'Let me carry the light to the room,' he said, but she in her graceful, imperiouslaugh ing way refused. Then let me stop here until you return,' he begged and to that she agreed. CI5APTER XXVlI. Lady Charnleigh walked on quickly until she reached the door of the oaken chamber. She did not remember ever to have entered this loom, which in olden days had been the sleepitig chamber of the mistress of Crown Leighton. The last Lady Charoleighhaddied there, and for some untold reason a. rumor had arisen that her spirit was not at rest, and that at night she might be seen writg ing her hands and weeoping bitter tears. None of the servants cared to go near the place after sunset. Lady Charnleigh looked rund with some curiosity; she placed the silver candlestick ot the toilet-table, and glanced with wonder at the beautiful ancient room ; and while she stood there quite silently the sound of the distant music seemed to float nearer and nearer. There wrere four large lofty windows in the room, and they were hung with dark velvet bordered with golden fringe. The bedstead resembled a huge hearse more than anything else, the furniture, all made of solid oak, was heavy, massive, and magnificent; the great wardrobe reached all across the room. This last was wondrously carved and had huge wings; and near it stood a large mirror in an antique silver frame She went to the wardrobe, but stood fora few minutes before the mirror;she still wore the royal dress of Mario Stuart, a robe of violet velvet with a long train, and the famous Cbarnleigh diamonds, which had been formed into a crown As she stood be fore the mirror, the light seemed to center on her; the dark, gloomy oaken room lay all in deepest shade. She was like a vision of light and radiance, 'every inch a queen.' She looked at her image, shining there so fair and bright, and a pleased smile at her own loveliness rippled over her lips. 'It is good to be fair,'sbe said, and her fancy amused itself by picturing life as it must be for a queen Perhaps that was a crowning moment of her life; she never again knew one so cloudlessly happy. She could hear the sound of nmssic floating around her; her lover, impatiently waiting for her, was not far off. She was pleased with the charm of her own loyeliness, and she turned from the mirror with a sense of perfect content. She unlocked the wardrobe. It was of unusual size, and on the shelveslay wonders of dress, antique jewellery, and ornaments. SOn the very first wet day that comes I will look at all these things,' thought the young countess to herself. She saw dresses of damask, silk velvet trains, ostrich feathers, all the grandeur thlat had delighted the dead Ladies Charnleigh, and then her attention was attracted to what seemed to be old-fashioned court- suits, such as gentlemen might haveworn. SI shall find some buckles hero,' she thought, lifting up a velvet coat richly em broidered. She was right; there were several pairs of silver shoe-buckles of great value, and she chose the prettiest. When she had done so, she replaced some of the velvet garmetts, and there fell from amongst them an old dressintg-gown made of quilted crimson satin. It fell to the ground, and Lady Charnleigh, with a little murmur of impatience, stooped to pick it up. She held it carelessly in her hand, and as she did.so there dropped outo of one of the capacious pockets a large parchbent carefully folded and sealed. There was no warning, no foreboding of the truth as she bent her fair face wonder ingly over the document. Presently her eyes grow dim with an untold horror, her face grew white even to the lips, as she read what was written there 'The last will and testament of Ulric, Earl of Charnleigh.' She tore open the parchment-her limbs trembled-her hands shook. This was the missing will-the will to find which that old mansion haud been searched, and seiarched in vain. With dim eyes, full of horror, she read 'I, Ulric, Earl of Charnle;gh, being of sound mind, make this my last will and testament. I give and bequeath to Captain Pail Flemyng, son of Charles and Alicia Flemyng, my estates and fortune. I be, qucath to him all the property of which I am pdssessed-the mansion and estates of Crowri.Leighton, together with all the other estates belonging to me, furniture, plate, jewellery, carriages, horses, books, without reserve.; and this I do, not because he is the nearest of kin, but because he is the son of the only woman I ever loved; and I wish him to'give suitable legacies to all my ser vants,.but I absolutely forbid any division of the moneys or lands left to him.' The witnesses to the will were Harriet Simmons and James Macarthy. The parchment fell from her trembling hands to the floor. It was a scene that would have attracted the notice of an artist -the grand, gloomy room, with its mag nificent carvings and furniture, lying in deep, Rembrandt-like shadows; the silvery light of that one wax taper falling on the beautiful face and crouching figure on the gleaming jewels and the shining queenly robes The will had fallen from her hands, and she was half crouching, half bending over it, a wail of unutterable misery issuing from her white lips. She :as no countess, after all; the gor-a geous fabric of wealth and magnificence had crumbled to nothing beneath her feet. She was no countess-nothing but Leonie I Rayner; the grand inheritance of Crown Leighton was not hers after all; she who had lavished thousands on petty caprices and graceful fancies had not one shilling in the world that was legally her own. 'I was so happy,' moaned the girl--'I was so happy; and now-' Then rose before her the dim vista of years.when poverty and privation would be her lot, .and this after she had reigned queen of the bright, gay world. She was too stunned for tears-no words could describe the lchas: of her thoughts, the whirl of her emotioi. No longer a countess-no longer the niistress of that superb mansion-no longer a queen-no longer one of the richest heiresses in England, o~ whose wealth men spoke wvith wonder. It was as great a fall as woman ever had. Two minutes before she lihad reached the climax of magnificence and grandeur, peerless in her radiant beauty, dressed in the robes and jewels of a queen. Now what was she ? A usurper, an intruder. She had.no right to Crown Leighton, no right tj the name that had been as music to her. ears. A cry of despair escaped her utter, hopeless despair. 'I will kill myself,' she said, in her anguish. 'I can;.viyer go back to that life again.' Her flu-t honest impulse was to rush down through the crowd, to tell Paul Flemyng, and to place the will in his hands. That was her first impulse, and she rose to act upon it: As sls passed she l arge mirror she caught a glimpse of herself, and it frightened her. Was that the radiant, beautiftil. girl she Lad seen so short a time before 1 ;All the bloom had died from her face, leaving it ghastly white; the violet I eyes were dim and wild, the light seemed to her eixited fancy to have faded from her jewels. Oh, cruel mockery, that diadem of gems, those queenly robes She laughed to I herself, a harsh, discordant laugh, unpleasant to hear. 'I am no longer a countess. I am penni. less; obscure, a pauper, not a queen,' It was surely the sorest blow that could have befallen her. She had loved her posi ione her meaigniucence, so well. She had en- i eoyed them so well-she had graced them so perfectly. ' I will go and put this in his hands,' she said, ' and then I will go straight out from that brilliait crowd-out to cold darkness and death. I have drunk of the wine of life, and can not taste the lees.' Was there a hot breath on her shoulder, or w?as it only her fancy Wras there a voice hissing in her ear, or was it a delusion. What wa the voice saying f r 'Let it be as it is for one night longer. Go down and complete your triumph-go down where men wait foryou with honeyed words. Reigrrqueien to-night-to- muorrow let poverty come and do its worst. There is no need to make a sensation among all those pcople no need to publish your downfall-to-night.' Was there a hissing sharp voice whispering t these w'ords or was it her own fancy 1 She pushed the diadem and the golden brown hair from her brow. 'ManyJ a wvoman would have been driven mad by such a shock,' she said, to herself. Then she stood hesitating, with the parch menit in hei hand, 'Shall.I take it to him now, or shall I wait t until to-morrow 1' 'To-morrow will do,' said the tempter. 'What difference can it make 1 Enjoy your reigi. a few hours longer- make the most of the next few hours. Leave it until to-morrow.' ' I might as well wait iuntil to-morrouw, she said, piteously ; ' it would be so sad to spoil the fete and turn all into confusion.' Tlen sudden hot anger flushed in her face and flamed in her eyes. ' I.would fain do as Sardanapalus did,' she ctried--' burn Crowrn Leighton to the ground, and die ifi the ruins.' Then the fierce hot anger died 'I was so happy,' she said des pairingly ; ' Heaven might have let me keep what I believed to be mine. Perhaps I would better take this to Paulat once-it will be less torture than keeping it by me until to morrow.' She walked toward the door; she saw her self seeking him, placing the will in his hands, and saluting him by his new title Earl of Charnleigh. Then came a vivid re membrance of the time when her heart had thrilled.with ecstasy at the sound of her title. 'I will not be so hasty-I will wait until to- morrow,' she said; ' I will enjoy these few hours, and then-' In the anguish of the moment she even for got-her love and the lover who .was waiting for her. She took the parchment, hid it in the wardrobe, locked the door and' then slowly descended the stairs. 'Tomorrow,' she moaned to herself-' it will be all over to-morrow.' CL.APTER XXVIII. 'LEONIE, how long you have been, my dar ling. -What is the matter I Your face is whito, your lips tremble. Leonie, have you been frightened I' Altlhough she loved Bertram better than her lifeo; in the supreme anguish of that hour she hac( forgotten him; and now, at the sound of the kindly voice-at the sight of the frank handsome face-a keen sense of what she was losing came over her. She went up to him, and as he stretched out his hands;to her, she laid her head on his-breast, forgetting everything in her sick hopeless despair. ' My'darling,' hie said, anxiously, ' what is thematter ? Ton minutes agdo you were all radiance usd light--now you are pale, depressed.' What has happened to you, feotie ?' She raised her colorless face. 'Is it only ten minutes since I left you, Bertramn' 'That is all,' he said.' 'ItWseems to me ten long years, ten long, dreary, despairing years. 1 am so tired. Oh, Bertram, how that music weaies me. Will it never stop 1 I am so tired.' 'My dbrling, you have been doing too much. Your spirits carry you away, and then yostars exhbusted. Do not go back to the sallroom--let'me bring you some wine and est yourself. I will not even speak to you, aor will I allow anyone else.to tease you.' ' No, no,' she .said, ' I. must go back--I a save been away so long.' ' y She made a desperate effort to roirso h'er- y melf, He looked at berin silent wonder. She reminded him of a faii and blooming flower v blighed by some cold, frosty wind. The bloom and radiance had left her face-even the queenly graceful figureseemed to shrink ii and growless, while the regal robes' and jewels had lost half their brightness. t ,Leonie,' said Sir Bertram, 'you frighten e me. I am sure you are ill.' 'lam not. Do as you propose-go and fetch me some wine, and bring it to me in the morning-room.' He placed her in a chair, and left hert without another word. ..Her brain was whirling. STo-morrow,' she said--' all this will be over to-morrow, I shall be flattered and I loved-I shall be queen of a brilliant fete'- I shall be mistress of Crown Leighton until I to-morrow; and then all will be over, and the sun of my life set To-morrow ! ' Shall t I live to face it all-the comments the gossips, the sneers I These fine ladies, who protest now that I am a model of graceful i manners, will find out that I am low-bred and very deficient-what has passed fori animation will become vulgarity. I know the world,and hate it while I love it. Its triumph over me shall not begin to-night. For this one night I shallbe at my feet, and It I will trample on it.' Then Sir Bertram came in with the wine, and she drank it. It brouight. the warmth and colour back to her face. He was much I relieved. SYou are better, Leonie. Oh, my darling, you must never look like that again l ( Promise to be careful of yourself, you are not strong. You alarmed me when I saw you. I thought the ghost that haunts theo oak-room had appeared to you.' A deep, tearless sob broke from her lips. SThe ghost of the oak-room,' she repeated, wearily-' I saw it, and it has nearly killed me.' He thought her manner strange, but ascribed it all to over-fatigue. He drew nearer to her, and rearranged her diadem, which had half fallen from the fair stately head. 'You have all a queen's dignity, and all a woman's charm,' he said. 'Oh, Leonie, was anyone ever so fair and so peerless as you 1' She smiled; the wine had given her a kind of courage that she mistook for strength. 'Are my jeowels all in order, or need I senid for Florette 1' she asked, carelessly. 'They are in perfect order. Your appear ance now is my care, Leonie; it concerns no one but myself.' He did not know what had happened. What would he say or think when he had discovered that she was simply poor and obscure Leonie Rayner, the ex-governess ? Would it make any difference to his love I She looked up at him. ' Give me your arm, Bertram. I must go to the ball-room. '[ark! that is my favorite waltz. Tell me before you go-do you love me very much 1' A beautiful light came into his face. 'You will never know how much, sweet.' 'Would you care just as much for me if I were very poor, and you knew me only as Leonie Rayner 1' 'Just as much,'he replied; 'my love does not depend on your circumstances. If you were made queen to-niorrow, I should love you just as dearly; and if to-morrow you became a beggar, it would make no differ ence in my affection-nay, I am wrong-I should love you all the better. 'Is it true?' she asked. ' Most assuredly it is; the only thing I should regret in that case would be that I am not arich chan-that I could not surround you with all.the luxury and magnificence to whiclhyoti lhave been accustomed.' SAre yousnot rich, Bertram I' she asked, wistfully ' ,He laughed. ' No, my qjueen-not what people call sich, in these luxurious times;my estates are mortgaged: -I-wish that I were rich enough to'purohase the whole world, so that I might endow you with it.' ' You shall nc't spoil that compliment by any other,'- she said; 'we will go. Where is rmy , programme ? I have missed two dances. I have to apologise to two gentlemen. The next is the lancers, and I am engaged to Lord Holdene, he ought to thank me for these silver buckles. Then from.the very depths of. her young heart there came a most wofrl sigh. If he had never asked for those buckles, that will would peihaps never have come to light. For a few minutes after she had re entered the ball-room, Leonic stood bewildered. Then she recovered herself Lord Holdene came up and offered a hundred apologies for hav ing mentioned the silver buckles. She looked up at him with a vague, dreamy smilo,-.as though she did not even uhderstand the words. She was thinking to herself that it was not his fault-that it was not whatpeople call fate or chance that had led her to the oak-room, but the very hand of Providence, and she had been led thither in order that justice might be done. Then Captain Flemyng saw her and has tened to her. 'I could not imagine what made the ball room so suddenly grow cold and dim, Lady Charnleigh,' he said. ' Why have you been so long absent I' S'I have been searching in a haunted room for silver bluckles,' she replied, trying to still the quivering of her lips and speak in her natural voice. But something in the tone struck him as strdnge-a .weary, hopeless ring that told of pain and sorirow. He looked tenderly and anxiously at her. 'You are over tired, Lady Charnlcigh. Let mespersuade you not to *dance, but sit down andrest.' She laughed. 'No, I could not sit still; I like continual movement. Where is Ethel 1 Is she enjoying herself 1? |' Yes; and so is every one elsd. The young ldies of the county ought to be deeply grateful to you; I have heard many of them say that they never enjoyed an evening so much befcre. You must give us some more charades, Lady Charnleigh, and more balls.' TO BE CONTINUED. 