IMMORTALITY OF INFLUENCE. . (By Rev. David Young, B.D.) 'By it lie being dead yet spcaketh.'— Hebrews 3d., iv. The conception we form of the signifi cance of life depends' upon the point of view from whiclf we look at it. We may contemplate it, for instance, as it Mes within the limits of our earthly years — 'the days of our years are three score years and ten.' And the natural effect of such a view is a sense of the littleness, tne paltriness, cue jusiK«mcance t« it mi. It is difficult to read the 90th Psalm and yet avoid tnis feeling. Of what real dig nity can a being be whose span of life can be illustrated only by the most evanes cent of fleelting things? 'Thou earnest them away as with a flood; they are as a sleep: In the morning they are as grass that groweth up; in the morning it flour islieth and groweth up; in the evening it is cut down, and withereth. ... we spend our years as a tale that it told. Now a valuable corrective of this feel ing is suggested by our text. It reminds us that we are not finished with a life when we have counted up its earthly years. Life, on the side of its influence at least, knows nothing of such boundaries. Dead, a man lives on; buried, he experiences a resurrection. By the mere fact of his being born he became part of the ocean of human life, and his influence, in some degree and measure, -will endure until that ocean is exhausted. I shall not attempt at this point, to describe the various and solemn feelings with which such a view of life is calculated -to inspire a man. But this le me say. It widens the . boundaries ot human Jife. It heightens its significance. It reveals its immortality of influence. Yes. For there is, an immortality -even were Here no heaven and 'no hell: Death is not all, even if in one sense ft were all. Whatever be the final destiny of our souls, of this much be we sure, that there is .something in us lasting .and .en during. . o It 'is superfluous of course .to eay. ?tlia-t no. man could venture in .the pulpit_'of a ?Christian church to caij; ihe ghadow-,of..a doubt -upon t3ie doctrine' of a real and ?personaj aflimoirtality, \ -, -, W,e believe, with all our eoul that we shall live ..againf as distiin.e.t.and.'dq'fiiTite individualities. :;.We eau- not'bejieve-it'bafc: God would, mak^.-iis ifcalabedj spills :if He meant to; m,erge.iis 'o*.):»t(jie-.-.J§sb-.,-,Mv.-..-fiome great, jnwersona ocean. 'That kind of immortajity^-.^yjjilg satisfy .iieitherft'lie .^emest needs. ofK.iftari, jior, '.we-' even darg^tq;pdd, the .-deepeg. »U»pfl$es' # .iGod.I, cArid-.,. :OhnB| -,'ha$ ?recbgniee-l this human ^earning ana- is ?pledged to satisfy it. 'Iu My Father's house are many (mansions; if it were mot so' I would have told you. ? I go to prepare a .place for you.' . But as.rega.nui this personal immortality, it may be aaid ithat it w continually being iinnnnted on . '-. ? -.-.? ???'r^F— I1- t— ^^rUfr';^ ttie minds pi men by the] Jcentral ftocj^Sne if- the Chfistiajf.f aith'/ ' 66 Ubng ' as. the beacon iight -of -the resurrection of- our Lord/Js -shining,' so long will ? -we». have an unforgettable .. testimony . that we, do not altogether^cliev But- 1, am .not sure that we sufficiently appreciate that' immor tality which is suggested by the text, the immortality, of human influence, an im mortality -which no man, ' least of all 'a Christian minister, would .seek to substi tute for a personal, living onej but which at the same time it will be well for all of us if we do not forget. . r ? *mE SOLIDARITY. OF LIFE. For : our influence does not end wyih death. There is a«-'. .jamM?*!;^' ; 'truth which ^is^iiot-,— iTHieea, the discovery of tooaern science, as is. sometimes sup posed, but Which modern science has certainly emphasised and spread — idea of t'he solidarity of life. ? ? What it means is this, that no man can look at himself as by himself; it ex presses in scientific language what St. Paul put into a religious form when he said, 'We are members one of another.' We are linked not only with our own contemporaries, owing to them a debt which many 'of us never think Oh, but we are also linked with the past and with the future. This generation, when it started forward on its' journey,' did not' start entirely afresh; it started with the accu mulated wisdom and the painfully wrung out experience of all past times; it was 'the heir of all the ages.' In the same way we who -are living to-day are sowing seed of which those who follow us will reap the harvest. It is by the light of fcliis truth -that we must read those words o!f Scripture, which may sometimes have appeared to hive 'a harsh and angry ' ring— 'I, the Lord thy Grod, ain a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation.' I do not profess entirely to explain those words, for one gets humble in the presence of these mysteries ofr God. But this at least we see, that if our children suffer for our sins, they also reap t\e harvest of our goodness. 'What. Shall we .receive good at the hand of God, and shall we not receive evil?' Notice, then, that it is in virtue of this fact of the solidarity of life that our in fluence tells upon the future. There is no one who is not acute enough, to recog nise this influence in certain instances. The great men — so we all admit— they do not die! The ideas of a Calvin on the sovereignty of God affect the thoughts of men for many generations; the words 'of St. Paul, when he speaks of- human charity, imprint themselves upon the human heart of every age; the efforts of the liumble man of Metz who nrst invented printing are reaping an abundant harvest in every printed page to-day. Nay, is it not frequently the case that the influence of the great man may be said to begin only when he dies? The clouds of envy, rivalry, and jealousy, which obscured his true worth, disappear. Time is just, does justice, revealing the man in his true proportions and bringing out his lasting worth; and not unseldom has it placed him who was persecuted and neglected in his age in the very loftiest niche of the pedestal of fame. Raphael may have influenced many in lus day who found an inspiration in his wonderful Madonnas, but death gave him a sceptre which life had never given, ?bringing thousands to his feet where lite had brought but tens. Few took notice of the humble tinker as he lay in Bedford rjoni anH wrnhp immortal alleeories. now the whole world knows the 'Pilgrim's Progress.' David in. his lifetime was the 'sweet singer' of a small anc scattered people; now to the great neari of r humanity he sings. They did a good work these men, and like all good work it did not die, for by it they, being dead, yet speak to us. THE INFLUENCE OF THE HUMBLE MAN7. 'Ah,' but some one seems-to say, Are you not forgetting two facts which it is' important to remember? These men you name were the giants of the race, and the influence of the great we admit to be far reaching. Besides, they loft their work in forms which have something of enduring permanence. The painter dies, but us canvas lives; the author disappears, but his Erinted page remains. But what of the umble men and women, the insignificant and unknown, of whom, after all, the world is principally composed? They had no such gifts, left no such memorials to perpetuate their name. Unknown while they lived, in what sense can they be sai- to affect the world now that they are dea- and gone? A few, it may be, mourned their death, but even by these they were soon forgotten; they simply disappeared, for their names were writ m water. It is not eo, not so with any man; to reason in such words is to forget how the human race is fashioned, to: forget that the diffe rence between the great artist, author, statesman, and the humble, ordinary man is only one of measure or degree. For the humble man paints, if on nothing else, upon the hearts of men; he mites, if no where else, upon the tablets of their souls; the influence of his measures may Jiave narrow limits, but within these limits it is very real. Think of the mother statesman, author, artist is she in her own little world. She gives her cha racter to her child, the child influences the grandchild, the grandchild moulds his child, and so the mothers work is never altogether lost. We are told that an earthquake in the other hemisphere will affect the color of a. London sunset. These things are parables. We cannot tell, we simply cannot tell the ultimate issues of our deeds we cast them into futurity, tc- bring forth what harvest it is impossible to say. Only we are sure ;o this, that even when we are dead and gone we will speak in them in inspiring or discouraging tones. God calls our loved ones, lnit -we lose not wholly What He has eriven; Tliey live on earth in thought and deed as truly As in His heaven. Of this posthumous influence, then, our text reminds us, but it also reminds us how that influence may be turned for good. It was by reason of his faith that Abel, be in'ff dead;- could ;still exercise a wh'oJesome pway.u'pon'-'thfe ?'characters, of nien ''long after lie liimSeir had passed away. '**i5u't;i| beiDg dead} he }*et,«peaketh. And ..why is it that, faith' has ithus- 4he poweiv.to, dwver thVfaithfuT'with ft- potent inflitenoe for/good?., . 0ef:apse it' brines man mto^'cW ta^t wijtlvfne nSgepn [.world ; what1 eyejiii'tli jjot ^ee^no^i^ak'.'lHjard. becomes', .the..: cbijA fifcanti bliss-fifid-ioqfisession' of. his ,'sjouL. B.67 caiise, by.!«efetin# Atefore him a. Divin-er Jifet tt^enable4'4h1nf'ta^iin -the victory. ^'nrhich fty^rcrifri ek tlife'loWSr Tii e;' -wi thr 'its' 'delude nTessui^svftfl'tTjift^i'eat 1ifterest£;!~. $&#!( it gives hnn^a fburiaa'tion' rbclc'of'U'utli 'oi which to build a strong, fair, influential character. Because it is' the; greatest. power for conquest which the world has seen. Believe in the Father, and you believe in hurnan life,' its .saeted^ ness, and value, aria importance. -Believe in the Son,,^^1 you believe in truth; in'. . . loliness, in love; 'Ueneye /^ P1? HoJy Ghost, ana you believe' in .tone '^fiiial victory of goodness. But let waa^t laitli has done in the lifting in- of human character be witness to what it can do. ? 'Whoso,' cays Professor Huxley, 'calls to mind what I may venture to term the bright side of Christianity — tjiat ideal of manhood; with its strength, and its pa tience, its justice, and its pity -for human frailty? its helpfulness to the extremity of selt-sacrifiee, its ethical purity ana nobility, which apostles have pictured, in which armies 'of martyrs nave placed theiv ? unshrinkable faith, and . whence obscure men and .women, like Catherine of Siena,. and John linox, iiave ^rifsd' courage to 'iefoi&e; Topes and kings — is not likely to .underrate 'the importance of the Christian faith as a factor in human history.' Yes,. faith is the gate by which, we enter into' the fertile . fields where bloom. all fair flowers of the. soul; and liy. it men, being dead, yet speak to ue. Dead, yot speaking. Brethren, there are aspects of our life -which we do not weigh sufficiently, andr. this is one of them. We do -not tmeasure — sometimes,' I fear, we do riot think of it. at all — the tremendous and far - , reaching conse quences which hang upon our deeds. No man,, not tlie humblest and meanest in our midst, acts for himself alone or for the moment alone; he has his influence upon . other men, and just as certainly does he affect the future. By our vil lainies and vices, by our cowardices and follies, by our Iust9 and sine, we are vitiating the social atmosphere of those who follow us, are adding to the in fluences -that make for evil and bring misery and moral ruin on mankind. - So by . ouv; purity and honesty and brave integrity of life we contribute, to the influences that make for good, and bring peace and happiness in their train. We cannot, 'however we may try, escape these consequences of -our .actions, for they are inherent in the constitution of mankind. Ah, many an act, I ween, has results we little guess; many a deed has consequences of. which we little dream! We cast them into the shadowy future to work their work, but where or how or when we 'cannot tell. This only we can do— -we can strive to make them . such that we shall not dread the consequences whatever they may be. Ah, if we could see further aiid more clearly, if \y«' could discern all the evil evil breeds, and all the blessedness that springs from good, we would be fain to fall down on our knees and pray, striving even as we pray — Oh, may I join the choir invisible Of those iimnuial dead who live again In minds made bettor by their presence! . . Ifay I reach That purest heaven, bo to other souls The cun of strength in some great agony. Enkindle generous ardor, feed pure love, licptt the smiles that hare no. cruelty, Bo the swec-J |tesenee of a good diffused, And in diffusion ever more intense. S-- shall I join the choir invisible Whoso nitisii: is the gladness of the world. 