A Very ' Old Story. BY BLANCHE C. HARDY. COPYRIGHT. The scene was tlie forest primeval. The slope of the great hill was covered with a tangled jungle of trees, bushes and undergrowth mellowed with autmun tints and warmed by the rays of the autumn sun. I cannot with certainly give the date, but I know it was some hundreds of thousands of years ago, in the days when the world was young, and there was not yet much ap preciable difference between men "and mon keys.;, This very forest swarmed with goril las, chimpanzees and such like people; and very kindly, sensible folk they were, though a little homely, to be sure, and much looked down upon by the real men, who lived in the great cave at the foot of the mountain, \- and who could stand upright for quite a long time, and could hunt and make flint spears and knives, and cook their food, and do all sorts of very advanced things. The men of this cave, you see, were the only representatives of the new race there abouts, and thought a great deal of them selves in consequence, and treated their cousins the gorillas with much contempt; although the latter were so nearly related to tlieni, and possessed many good qualities which the men lacked. Since that time the one race has deteriorated and the other im proved, so that nowadays — but we are an ticipating. On the top of the mountain, seated on a great boulder so that their figures stood out above the tops of the trees, were a man and a little boy. The man had very long arms and little bow legs, and he bent for ward a good deal, and a quantity of shaggy black hair fell over his low browed face, the expression of which was cunning, but not brutal; his body was wrapped round with a great piece of torn bearskin, fast ened with a bone pin, and ho was engaged in carving something very carefully on a piece of yellow reindeer horn, with a beau tifully pointed bit of flint. Tlie child beside him was quite naked, and was watching his companion's work, and trying to sharpen a bit of flint as he had often seen it done before, but without much success. "Come!" said the man at last, looking round him (only of course he did not use these actual words, but spoke in a sort of refined gorillese). "The Great Spirit is shut ting his rod eye, and night will soon be upon us; we will return to the cave, for thy uncles will be hunting late to-night, and tall then the Old One is alone." "The women are there," objected the boy, who did not seem inclined to go; "and I am sure there is a great bear somewhere near us. I have heard him sniffing round for a long time, and I want to see you kill him." "Women are of no account," was the re ply, "and I cannot wait for the hear to night. See there!" showing with some pride the horn on which ho had been working. "That is the representation of the fight of Brandwielder with the great mammoth; is it not life-like? Now we must hasten home." They descended from the huge boulder, and without any hesitation made their way down the mountain side, through the tangled forests, towards the broad river in the valley, till they came to a small cleft in the rock, into which they slipped, and after creeping for a few yards through a low pas sage, they emerged into a great rocky hall. Through this again they went till they reached a still vaster cavern, in the centre of which blazed a huge fire; distant voices could be heard, and the figures of women were seen flitting about in the dim light. Crouched close up to the fire sat a shape that at first sight might have been taken for a gigantic ape, for its body was covered willi thick shaggy hair, and the nails of the hand it hold out to the blaze were long and pointed like an animal's. When it turned round, however, to peer through the dark ness at the new comers, its face was seen to be quite human, and of a pale color, pre sumably originally red and white, but now —by reason of great age— of a yellow parclimenty appearance, much wrinkled, and overhung with shaggy grey hair. It- start not, dear reader — was the missing link, the last of that great race that intervened between brute beast and (hereafter) civi lised man, and the head of the great and aristocratic family of the cave. "That yoo, Horucutler," "it mumbled (for its fourth set of teeth had lately crumbled away, and it had not yet cut the next, ' rather cross and 'fractious'). "Send boy 'way, tell women be quiet, noisy apes. W ov yoo dun t'day?" "Only this," said Horncutter modestly, producing his work of art. "Brandwielder's great fight, Old One. It took me a long time to do. Think it's good?" ' Hoo! Hoo!" ejaculated the Missing Link. "Good eno'. Ay, ay, good ono'. Come eit 'by firo. Cold ni'. Cold ni'. Used to bo warmer when I was young. Hoo. Hoo." Horncutter drew out his bono pin and throw off his bear skin, then lay down by tho fire and listened in silence to his father's early reminiscences, which ho had heard many times before. Meanwhile . tho boy ran off to a further reecsB of the cave, where a number of fe males wero sittihg and lying, some asleep, some eating, some tying together bunches of feathers and leaves, or threading wild boasts' tooth— through which holes had pre- Jiously been bored—on long threads, of tough grass. He hastened at once to one mnn girl who, because her hair was a little longer and yellower than that of tlie other women, and her eyes darker and larger, and nor troth whiter, and her lips redder, and her checks pinker — was counted the beauty of the family, and was proportionately scornful and charming. "l3 you' Horn'8 son? she asked, pout- a trouble J-011 oi'o. Is Horn in yet? Did you kill anything?" "No, Horn was busy cutting, and so was 1, replied the boy importantly. "Such lovely picture of the great Mammoth fight — L Yu must sec it. And I heard Grilly sniffing round all tho afternoon, and I knew he wanted to talk about you, so I pretended to Horn he w as a bear, and wanted him to shoot, only he wouldn't take the trouble. Aren't you disappointed?" "Yes, of course," said Eda, pettishly; though her color rose, for although she affec ted to despise poor Grilly, s'lie very much enjoyed his outspoken admiration. "But what nonsense you talk, child. Horn would have known a 'bear's stop at once. I thought you would Ibring me some more feathers; these are Worn oifb— for me. They will do for my sisters now"; and she flung carelessly aside a 'handful of- beautifully colored plumage with which she had been decorating herself.. . s Hush!", cried Horn's son . warningly. "The Old One will hear you.'an'd he is angry to-night. He says .you 'women have been chattering like noisy apes all the afternoon, and he will tell Wolfkiller so when he comes home." ' And Eda — flhoifgh dlie made a grimace that savored strongly 'of her 'origin — took the hint, and became more silent for a while. At last voices, stops and shouts echoing through the rocky arches heralded the ap proach of the other sons and grandsons of the Old One. They all came on together in high spirits after a happy day's hunting, and dragged with them the bodies of divers, reindeer, wolves, &c.;, and one great bear that they had killed; whidh they promptly proceeded to skin and cut up in front of the fire, assisted by the women, who now flocked forward. "Good meat. Good meat!" muttered the Old One, his eyes gleaming in the firelight as he still crouched in the place of honor, and watched the preparations. "Ha! Hoo! Hoo- oo-oo!" as 'his eldest sou with wonderful force split a great bono open, held it in the fire for a few moments, and then threw it — crammed wit'h hot luscious marrow — into the Ancient's trembling hands. He sucked and mumbled while the others tore off tho bits they most wished, warmed —not to say cooked— tliom at the fire, and gobbled itliom down, the women being ner- raitted to finish up the remnants and the not so choice hits that were left. The youth Wolfkiller, it is true, condescendingly saved a small piece of marrow for his pretty cou sin Eda, but tlie general idea seem to be that the men had got the meat and the men sliould eat it, while the females might fend for themselves. All this time the noise was deafening. Laughter, gliouting, quarrelling, seold'ing, rude noises to imitate beasts (for music bad not yet soothed the savage breast!), all these were echoed from side to side of the huge cave, and thrown up yet higher in the lofty dome, shivering away into silence when a fresh outburst started from below. After some hours the women crept nwajs to sleep in the recesses of the rock, but the hunters sat on by the never-dying blaze telling tale after tale of their exploits, every now and then a respectful silence falling on the. com pany when some indistinguishable mumble was issuing from the half-unconscious lips "of the Missing Link. At last, grouped about 'the great fire, they slept. Hunting was the chief, but not the only, occupation of these men of the cave, and. the following morning being dry. and cold, they sot forth once more on their favorite amuse ment. Even peaceful Horn went too, so. the Old One was to his- disgust left again alone with the women, 'to grumble, mumble, sleep, liinneh and warm himself, all day; .for it was months, perhaps years, since he himself had left the cave or looked upon the light of day. The women did not often emerge ' from their cave alone, hut to-dhy the heat. and stuffiness of the fire, and the quarrels of her female relations, were too much for Eda, and she managed to slip away unobserved from the hall, creep through the rock worn passage and flit gaily out into the dayligh't. "Oh, how bright and pretty it all is!" cried this beauty of the/forest,' laughing in sheer girlish gladness at the wide sky,- the hot sun, tho green leaves of the forest and the remembrance of what .glie had left be hind her. But her face changed suddenly, and she started almost in fear as a. hoarse sniff came from the brushwood beside her, and a great dark hairy figure crept out quite close by. "Beautiful Eda. Are you alone?" it whispered. "Oh, Grilly, what do you want? You startled me so; I wish you would go away," said Eda pettishly. "I can't listen to any of your nonsouse now; I am going in. Good bye." "Stop!" said the Gorilla in a harsh whis per. "I have not come to trouble you this time, but to worn. You must hear mo"; only he said '"ear" mo, which made Eda shudder almost more than his appearance., "Well, what is it?" she asked, resignedly. "The floods!" said tho Gorilla hoarsely. "They are coming, and you will all be drowned in that cave like rats in a hole. They will be bad floods this time, too." "What nonsense!" cried Eda, curling her pretty lip scornfully. "Ho you think our Old One would not have told us if it were so? He well remembers tlie floods ages ago, when you were not alive. Ob, you great- lumbering Gorilla, you know nothing. Go away! 1 will send Wolfkiller to you if you don't." "I would kill the white-faced baboon with a kick," cried the Gorilla, growing angry; "and if you marry him, I will— Are you going to?" "I shall do- as I please," replied the im perious Eda. ' "Perhaps after he has made wolf's meat of you, I will. He is a man, and you are only a great ugly beast. Good bye." "But when we are both dead, the Great Spirit -will perhaps think him no better than me. Eda, lovely Eda," cried the poor Gorilla once more, trying to stop her; "I love you well, and you know it: and I eare not if you despise me so you are saved from the floods. Oh, listen to me! Believe! Be ware!" But she had gone! and poor Grilly threw himself down among the green roots and groaned, till the little Gorilla maiden who loved him to distraction (though she was black as night in comparison with fair Eda), came to comfort him, and pat his head, and whisper consoling words, and per suade him to come hunting to distract his mind. So he went to please her, but he though of Eda tho whole time, and tlie Gorilla maiden knew it, and sighed, bus loved liirn all the better. That afternoon the eky grew grey and heavy, nnd rain poured down in streams. Tho hunters came early back to Ithe cave, wet, cross, and dispirited, and the evening was not nearly so jovial as the 'last. Every one grumbled, and 'the Missing Link seemed livelier than usual, and required a great deal of attention. "Thirety. More water. More water. Hoo!" iho kept calling, and at las't the sup ply was exhausted, an'd a girl hurried away with a neatly plaited reed cup to fetch some more from 'the corner where a c-lear crystal strealm bubbled into the cave. Sine enme back looking 'frightened. "The stream lis rushing like a torrent," she said, "an'd the passage will soon be impassable. What dliull we do?" "Nonsense. Give me water," cried the Missing Link, seizing the cup and taking a long draugjht. "Grilly says the floods are coming," ob served Ella carelessly, for she thought it well to mention tlilis, although she had laughed at the idea. "Floods, ©o, Old One, do you hear that?" crie'd Brandwielder. "Wlhat do you say? Is there truth in it?" "No!" shouted the Missing 'Link, re freshed by his draught. "Young people of Uhe present day think they know every thing; they don't. Look at me, I made a new race for myself. I'm somebody, I am, and know a flood when I see it. This ain't a flood: More water! Hoo!" "There. You see," said Brandwielder, looking relieved; and so implicit was the re liance piaceid in the "Old One" by his des cendants that nobody thought further of the matter. 'Still the rain continued all that night and 'the next morning, and only a fo:v of 'Uhe hunters cared to go forth, for there was nolt much sport to be got in such Weather. .They caime back dispirited. "Such a queer tlhing," observed Flintseraper, 'the brother of Horn, as be throw himsejf down bv tlie great 'fire to dry. "There's not a gorilla lc'i't in the fore»'t. They've all de parted, ultterly and entirely, an'd nearly all the cither beasts 'too. Can't understand it." "A very good thing if 'they, have," Brandwielder. "I for one shan't 'be sorry. Cheeky fellows those gorillas, always pre suming on the relaitiontih'ip. But what's tli'e matter with the Old One to-night? He's very quiet; is he asleep?" "Yes," I'm afraid he is ill," said Horn anxiously! "Perhaps the evil spirit has got inside him." "Oh, he's all right," said Flint. "It's only the weather. Le't him alone till to morrow, and he'll be as jolly as ever again." But the Old One was certainly strange that night. He did noTJalh TO 1 ustukbut muttered incoherenthrl|jtOn,ftMSi| dozing, and at last,MNT;t-diasny-vbwlF and a cry of "Flood! iXrft iqjny time! Hife Hoo!" he dropped Lffauogeldji iiyUl/a/ueoV 9leep; and the otlrergjreft him aV ire' lay',: and slep't. But when they awokQ tlimwmmflTw found the Missing Link eollJd&uLirr;'Tus accustomed place. Poor and impotent were words of mine to describe the wail that arose when this fact was indeed made cer tain.! A avail that drowned the noise of the falling water and the swollen river, and rang through the rooky halls of the cave like the shriek of a lort sold. "We must bury him," said Horn, mourn fully, at last. "No, we will hum his body," broke in Brandwielder, "that will be more honorable than to lay him in the ground. Let us each bring a faggot to the pile of. the Founder of our Tribe;" and the words were no sooner spoken than the sad duty Was set about. The Old One was set in the centre of the great space before the fire,' and the freshest and choicest bones in the. cave were broken and laid beside him, in order that, they too being dead, their ghosts should accompany him in his journey to the Silent Land. Then every man, woman and child brought a burning stick or bundle of sticks, nnd laid them one on the other, till they built up a sort of wall round the body, and then the flames crackled and danced, and leapt up in sheets of fire, and a lurid glow lit up tho tear stained faces of the lookers on, seated round. in a ring. For a long while they rose und fell, and the cries of the mourners rang anil sobbed away through the rocky echoes, and then at last it was all over, and they rose up, and some of them went out to the cave door on their way hunting. But in an instant Brandwielder dashed back into the cave, shouting, "The Floods! The Floods! The river has risen to the cave floor and will be pouring in an instant. Bun! Quick, or you will be too late. He said the floods would never come in his time, and now ho has gone and we shall all be drowned." Of course a panic followed. Everyone rushed for tli'e narrow passage leading to tho outlet, and there was a block; the men and Ithe stronger of Hie women struggled through and rushM . up 'the hill side, und tlie younger and weaker ones were left. bruised, ibrampied, and helpless on the ground, washed by the water, which already had begun to pour quickly in. Amongst these last was Eda. Her lover Wolfkiller had forgotten 'her in the hour of peril and puBhed bis way 'through with the redfc, leaving her to ther fate; but she was just sufficiently conscious to Struggle to her feet, and ding herself to the edge of the cave. Here a strange sight met lier eyes. The river 'that all her life she had been accustomed to see flowing its calm course far below was now' lapping alt her very feet; -on every side, so far as the eye could reach, nothing was to be seen but water, mist, grey clouds, and driving rain. Here and 'there, etraaige objects might be observed floating about in the flood, drown ed animals some of 'Shorn, others not yet drowned bull Struggling for dear life; trees and great heaps of green-growth too were earned along .in the swift current. The cave folk had disappeared in 'the mist, and whither they 'had gone Eda knew not; the faimiliair landscape was utterly changed, and as she covered her eyes with, her hands 'to shut oult Ithe dreadful sight, she felt that there was indeed no hope of escape.' Suddenly a rough hairy arm was. thrown round her waist, a hoarse familiar. Voice shouted above the roar of tlie waiter, "Don't be afraid! It's all right, I'll take- care' of you. Hold tigh't, please;-" and she was bodily swept off hor.feet into Ithe waiter.. She opened -her eyes. Close above 'her was. the black and hideous fare of the Gorilla, "which then was as on angel's," and sud denly a great feeling of relief, eame over her; she knew by -instinct that she was safe now, and need fear no longer, for Grilly would take care of her. lie, holding, her with one arm, struck out boldly with 'the other, keep ing close to the shore and -well but of t-lic current, and helping- himself with the hol lowed tree 'lirun-K tliat liati erstwhile been Brandwielder's boat. ' ' -. !'I could not take you the_ other way, Eda," ho panted; "I was obliged to bring you by water, but we are here at last; ' as he landed her on a rocky point, and gently disengaged his arm. "Your people are in the cave just a'bove that terrace; you . will soon find them. Good-bye." He turned away." "You are not going?" cried Eda. "Oh dear cousin Grilly, stop with me! What should I do without you? .You have saved my life!" "No, I cannot stop," said the Gorilla bitterly.. "Your people are not any people, and it would not do, Eda. You told me that once, and I tell you so now. You. call me cousin, but the day will come when your children will look at mine' and deny that there ever was any relationship between us.' No matter. The Great Spirit knows. I shall go back to Gora now, she is waiting for mo, and she loves . me truly;" and he plunged again into the flood and swam away. Now whether his feet got entangled in the floating undergrowth, or whether his breath gave out, is not known; but, when he had swum a few paces, he struggled violently for a second or two, and then throw up his arms, and sank right under tho water; -while Eda on the bank covered her face and shrieked. >\ And what became of Gora is not told.. But Eda and Wolfkiller wore married, and quarrelled violently all the rest of their days, and Eda was often heard— as is the way of women— to passionately declare that had she only manned Grilly she would have been the happiest woman in the world. Which was, of course, ridiculous. But you see it was the old, old story even then. . 