MILITARY SOCIAL. The aboye event, held under the auspice! of "A." Windsor Company, 3rd Infantry Regiment, eventuated on Monday night last at the Military Barracks, and was an unqualified success in every way. Aboul 70 couples wended (heir way thither tc partake in this festivity, which, we believe, was the winding up of the season in connec tion with the above company. Among the officers present were Captain Paine and Lieutenant Paine, and of the non-commis sioned officers, Color- Sergeant Hannabus, Corporal Hastwell, and Staff-Sergeant Major Moore (of "D" Bichmond Com pany). The hali, which had been taste fully decorated for the occasion by the members of the company, looktd quite a picture, while the floor was in per fect order. The duties of M's.C. werè efficiently carried to a successful issue by Privates Fat Molloy and C. Haggar. The music supplied by Miss N. Norris (piano) was, needless to mention, up to her usual standard. This young lady's time and popular airs teere admired t<y all present. Shortly after 8 o'clock the M's.C. sot the ball rolling with a waltz, and soon the merry dancers could be seen making the start of what proved a most enjoyable evening, and by far the most successful social of the sea eon held under the auspices of Windsor Company. About ll o'clock refreshments were handed round, the party doing ample justice to the many good things, which were supplied by Mr. J. O'Brien. During the evening a laughable farce, entitled, " The Four O'clock Train," was played, thefoilow . ing characters being taken :-Nigger, Mr. T. Griffiths; Stationmaster, Mr. W. Bevitt ; Ghost, Mr. A. Butler. This item proved a big success, and reflects credit on Mr. Griffiths, who, in this line, is without doubt the right man in the right place. It must be gratifying to the officers and men of the Company (all of whom have worked ener getically to make the function a success) to ese their efforts meet with so much approval, and the Company should feel justly proud in having at their head so able and worthy an officer as Captain Paine. The party dis persed about 3 a.m., all being satisfied that they had received a good night's enjoyment. ( The following is a list of the ladies present, together with the dresses worn : Mrs. Meadham black skirt, grey blouse buttercup silk and lace trimming«; Mrs. Coin wall, fawn skirt, muslin blouse, pi'ik trimmings ; - re. Butler, black; Mrs. Molloy, white; Mr*. Arnold, black skirt, white body ; MHS E. Griffiths, cream silk skirt, pale blue evening bodice, white tiimminRS ; Miss M. Hulbert, black skirt, pink evening body ¡ Miss E. Molloy, pale blue evening dress ; Miss F Hulbert, blue bk'rt. grey check-silk blouse : Miss L Robinson, Mack ski't, blue b -dy, lace trimmings ; Miss G. McNamara, black skirt, pink body ; Miss A. Case, white, pick trimmings ; Miss Cannon, brown skirt, pink blouse ; Miss R. Jones, black skirt, pink body : Miss P. Taylor, fawn skirt, white body, pale blue trimmings ; Miss E. Davis, navy blue ; Miss J. Hartnett, black skirt, Japanese silk body ; Miss A. Phillips, black skirt, pale blue blouse; Miss M. Jones, black skirt, white body ; Miss H. Jones, black skirt, white body ; Miss G.» Mullinger, white; Miss L. Woodgate, holland, braid trimmings ; Miss A. Tarman, black skirt, white blouse ; Miss A. Nixon, fawn skirt, brown body; Miss Matthews, black skirt, white body; Miss Hough, grey skirt and olouse, pink front ; Miss Pearson, black skirt, white body; Miss Fitz gerald, blank skirt, check blouse ; Miss Elliot, black shirt, blue bodice ; Miss M. Arnold, black ; Miss J. Butler, black ; Miss Brooks, brown ; Miss Small wood, navy blue. 