CHITCHAT. James Lane Allen, the author of those delightful books, "A Kentucky Cardinal," and "The Choir Invisible," is at work on another novel, and those who have read the story In manuscript aver that it Is the best thing he has done yet. The volume, at present, is entitled " The Reign of Law : A Story of the Kentucky Hemp Fields," and Is concerned with the spiritual struggle and honest doubt of a young Kentucky stu dent. Am a background Mr. Allen has included a vivid picture of tho rise and fall of the unfortunate Transylvanian Uni versity. If critics are right, and James Lane Allen has never done anything better than he has put into this latest romance, then prospective readers may expect a veri table treat. IMr. Allen Is a writer one can always trust Implicitly. It speaks well for the excellence of De Foe's " Robinson Crusoe" that, at this age of abundance of literary pabulum for chil dren, it still seems to be the favourite "book for the young." " The Daily News" in stituted a competition for books " suitable for the young readers," and the romance of Alexander Selkirk heads the list. But new er men are creeping up slowly. Lewis Car roll is evidently a prime favourite with the younger generation, and Rudyerd Kipling has an honourable place in a list of a hun dred representative books for children. Of all his stories, however, the " Jungle Book" holds first place. " Captainß Courageous" is evidently " too filthy technical," as Stalky once put it, for the average boy to appreclate it Sir Edward Clarke In a recent speech took it upon himself to refer to what he termed " the degradation of .present-day literature." He affirmed, old-fasmonedly, that the com positions of contemporary poets are humili ating to one who has loved the works of Lybton, Thackeray, Browning, Tennyson, and others. He thought the MSS. of Swin burne's "'Rosamund" should have been burnt instead of printed, and he consldorel Kipling's."Stalky and Co-" "* specimen of the degrading state to which present-day literature has sunk." He advised parents to keep their children to the delightful works of a bygone day, works which never died, and which always brought their intel lectual reward. Sir Edward Clarke has evidently not yet recovered from the temper Into which the request of his constituents for his resignation has thrown him. Herr Gustav Freytag, whose name is not unknown even in far-off Australia, has some good, if pessimistic, advice to aspiring novel ists, contained In a letter to a young student friend, and published in "The Frankfurter Zeitung." In the course of It he says: " Even If you possessed the greatest poetical power and a talent for narrative as great as that of Sir Walter Scott, Dickens, and others of the beßt, you ought not at present to think of putting your scientific studies in the background. . . . You must first, by serious work, and the position it may make for you among your fellowmen, ripen to manhood, and you must gain a certain mas tery over life before you can have the right to Idealise In an artistic work the fate of man. ... In the empty and uncertain existence of an ' author' you will only learn to know the time Imperfectly, ana from the wrong >slde. ... As a young author you would, after a half-success only be able to gain a tolerably secure place as a journalist, a profession very unfavourable to artistic creation." There is much more to the same effect, and, though many will Join issue with Freytag on several points, he gives wholesome counsel to enthusiastic youngsters, who imagine that a pen, paper, and a facility for expressing themselves are all the Ingredients of success. Rudyard Kipling Is an author, hut appa rently he Is by no means an orator. The Navy League recently arranged an evening' meeting at Rottlngdean, whereat Klplln spoke. When he appeared his village friend cheered lustily, and the great man blushed like a girl. As he walked to the footlights be was as white as a ghost, and " spoke his piece," which he had evidently learnt by rote, at a tremendous pace. After he had concluded he jumped off the platform, sat for a few fidgeting minutes, and then hurried from the room as if he had a train to catch. While he was making his speech he fixed his eyes on a spot on the opposite wall, and never moved head or hands from " Ladles and Gentlemen" to the conclusion. The Rottlngdean people seem to very fond of him, and he appears to enjoy a'yarn arid a smoke with the villagers as well as any thing. '■• As a guest of the Authors' Club recently Dr. Conan Doyle was particularly happy in his cheery, optimistic way of appreciating the situation in South Africa. Of the war itself he had nothing but good to say. ' He had seen more .positive virtue in England during the first month of the war than during the whole forty years of his life. Kruger bad ' solved a question which every statesman had found indissoluble. He would like to build a monument to Kruger the size of St. Paul's, and he would write across it "To the me mory of the man who federated the British Empire," which sentiment agrees curiously enough with that of the Bishop of Brisbane, who stated, when interviewed on his return from England, that Kruger should be awarded a gold medal for having done more than any other man In binding the consti tuent parts of the Empire closely together. The fact that Marie Corelll has written nothing since the death of Eric Mackay gave opportunity to some people to assert that the poet occupied tho position of " jackal" to her " Hon." The Insinuations are, how ever, now to be Droved false, and the an- nouncement of her new novel has already been made. The reading public are kept in the dark concerning the subject of the plot, and are only assured that " It will be of the highest interest and importance," and Is expected' "to be one of the most wide ly read and discussed books of the last ten years." In a letter to her publishers the impulsive authoress states that the manu script will be handed over to them early in the spring, so that the Australian admirers of Marie Corelli need not expect the novel until the middle of the year at the earliest. Following are a few interesting items of book news :—Anthony 'Hope is making good progress with his new novel, " Tristram of Brent," which will appear as a serial In one of the Illustrated magaaines this year. —Mrs. |Coulson Kernaham has written a low book* " Quits/ which John Long will put on the market shortly.—"Maxwell Gray" (Miss Tuttiett) has collected some of hef abort stories under the general title of " The World's Mercy."—Fiona Macleod bos followed her example, and called the result ant book, " The Divine Adventure."—J. S. Fletcher, the agricultural novelist of Eng« land, has completed a new novel, to which he 'has given the title, " The Harvesters."— A (Parisian dally paper at present running one of Rudyard Kipling's 'books as a feuil leton, will succeed It with " Tess."— G. W. Steevans did not apparently finish " John King" before he died, and the world has therefore lost a good, novel, as well o» a good writer. 4 