WESLEYAN METHODIST CHURCH.I TWENTIETH CENTURY MOVE MENT. OFFICIAL ADDRESS BY THE PRE SIDENT OF ~HE CONFERENCE. The President of the Wesleyan Metho dist Conference (the Rev. G. E. Rowe) I has issued an official address to the members, adherents, and frienlds of the Wesleyan Methodist Church in Western Australia respecting the Twentieth Cen tury Fund, which will be inaugurated at the public meeting to-night in Queen's Hall. The text of the address, which-is published from the Conference Office, Perth, under date of the present month, is as follows: Dear Brethren,-It has been deemed advisable by the exqcutive committee of the Twentieth Century Fund, that I should place certain information before you respecting the Twentieth Century Movement, in which we all hope to take such part as will be consistent with our past obligations, and our present re sources. I cheerfully comply with the request in the humble assurance that your attachment to our beloved M tho dist Church needsbut the reminder that the set time has cdme to " offer unto God thanksgiving," for the desires of your grateful hearts to crystallise into deeds of consecrated liberality. A review of the history of Methodism at home and abroad, from the days of John Wesley up to the close of the present century, compels from each devout and catholic student the glad acknowledgment of the" source of its power and the cause of its success. a'This is the Lord's doing: it is marvellous in our eyes." Persaps no better summary could be givenisin' few words than the one contained in the fol lowing extract: - "In the 18th century God sent John and Charles Wesley and the early Metho dist preachers. They preached Jesus to the perishing people1 planted the Me thodist societies ; revived the Church of England; roused the Presbyterianism of Scotland; carried hope to Ireland, and new life to Wales. They saved the na-, tion from atheism and revolution. In the 19th century the Methodist socie ties, purified through suffering, and welded to'rether as a Church, have been equipped for a mission of world-wide evangelism. As the century closes, the mother Methodist Church and all the daughter Churches of etery name, in every land, dwell together in unity. They preach the same doctrine, sing the same h ,ymns, and enjoy the sam'e fellowship. Together,, they number more millions than any other Protestant Church in the world. In the twentieth century Me thodism is called to do a great work, for this she needs the "Golden Oil" of the Divine anointing. It needs.also, as the prophet saw in.vision, the ." Golden pipes and bowls and lampstands," which consecrated liberality can give." For the past so full of mercy, andfor the future so radiant with hope, what can we, as Methodists, do? "We will take the cup.of Sah.. ion and call upon the name of the L'ord." It was in this spirit that our conference, the' first'.con ference held in Western Australia, in March last, passed the following resolu tions: - 1, That in the judgment of this con ference it is desirable to commemorate the Commencement of the twentieth cen tury and the establishment of a separate conference for Western Australia in 1900 by raising a Special Connexional Fund for the maintenance and extension of the work of God in Western Australia. - ' 2\. The conference therefore resolves that-(1) A special Connexional Fund, to be called the Wesleyan Methodist Com memoration Fund, shall be raised for the maintenance and extension of the work of God in Western Australia; (2) the Commemoration Fund shall be.inaugu rated as soon as suitable arrangements can be made, and shall be closed on Feb rnary 28. 1903. 3\. The Tollolving shall be 'the objects of the fund, and the general scheme of allocation-(1) To increase the Church Loan Fund for the erection of churches, mission balls, and manses, and to assist church and other connexional funds with loans free of interest; (2) to ihcrease the Sustenation Fund for the assistance of home mission and dependent,circuits; (3) or for any particular purpose desig nated by the donor, such as the reduc-' tion of trust debts on church or manse property 4\. That a roll, to he called the Historic Roll, shall be opened in each circuit, on which shall be inscribed the names of all the members of the Church, teachers and scholars in the Sunday schools, comumuni cants, adherents, or friends of Metho dism in Western Australia. The roll shall be opened on January 1, 1901, and closed on December 31 of that year, and shall be autographice as far as practi cable. A corresponding roll shall be opened, to contain the names of all col leetors and subscribers, and as far -as possible each. name on the Historie Roll should be represented by at least the sum of £1 pivnn nr onliw4,frl nr , l, other This roll shall be closed on Feb ruary 28, 1903. 5\. The conference, in determining upon this enterprise, affectionately urges our people to seek contemporaneously with this financial effort a renewed and richer outpouring of the spirit of God, that our Church in Western Australia may be equipped for the great respon sibilities and grand opportunities which the new century will bring us in this great and growing colony. From the foregoing resoluticos it will be qeen that the conference has not spe cified any amount, but it is hoped that in a church numbering in this colony over 17,000 adherents, of whom 1,945 are Church members and 3 723 are.Sunday school scholars, we shall raise at least £10,000. The objects of the Thanlksgiving gunn, as stated, are worthy of our most liberal support. To increase the Church Loan Fund, as resolved by the Conference, is to-render help to church building and church trusts for all time. Trustees will appreciate the advantapes of borrowing from the Church Loan Fund such sums as may be needed free of interest, and our people generally will more gladly contribute for the reduction of principal than for the mere payment of interest. Our present Church Loan Fund has a capital of £600. If we could increase the present capital of the Church Loan Fund to as many thousands as there are at present hundreds of pounds, the bene fits to the Churches would be simply in estimable. The objects of the Church Loan Fund arc-(1) To reduce debts on Church property; and (2) to assist in the erection of churches, schools, and manses. The present Sustentation Fund has a capital of £3,000, the interest on which provides the means whereby dependent circuits are assisted annually. If the capital .could be doubled, the interest each year, amounting to £300, would hI a great help in supplementing the in comes of our Home Mission Stations and dependent circuits. While thi con ference places the Loan and Sustentation Funds in the forefront, provision is made for any donor to designate his gift for the reduction of trust debts on church or manse properties, or for the erection of a college or any other object desired. The time allowance for the payment of promises is practically 2; years from July 1, 1900. If, week by week, rich and poor, old and young, will give, ac cording as God has prospered them, the amount that will be raised by the time the fund closes in February, 1903, will be astonishing, and stand out as a monument to the praise and glory of God. Special attention is directed to the Historic Roll. which will be opened on the first day of the twentieth century, and which, when completed on the last day of the first year in the new century, will contain the names of subscribers and collectors. whether members of our Church, teachers or scholars in our Sun day schools, communicants, seat holders, or other worshippers and adherents, or friends of Methodism. There is not an individual who has 'received blessing under God in the Metiodist Church but will esteem it aei honour to have his or her name written on the Historic Roll. Parents will desire that the names of their children should be contained in the Historic Roll. Our debt of gratitude to the sainted dead, by whom we have been helped and comforted, will find ex pression in placing their names in me-. moriam on the Historic Roll. Each name on the Historic Roll will represent at least £1 given or collected. ]Many of our people will not limit their expression of thanksgiving unto God by the contribution of £1, but will contri bute such a sum as God has enabled them to give for the maintenance and extension of His work in Western Aus tralia. Fe. will fail to raise at least £1, but if after steady effort, anyone should fail, his or her name will not be excluded from the Historic'Roll. Every Methodist and every friend of Motho dism in the colony should be asked- to help, and should have a place on the roll. If as in the days of Nehemiah, the people have a mind to work, and the Methodists are the same as when Dr. Chalmers said "they were at it-all at it- and" always at it," then the Chris tian exercise awaiting us will be accom panied by a great and gracious revival of evangelical religion. In no land has Methodism a more open door than in this colony. Her organisation is adapt ed to the heeds of the people; the gospel she preaches in her pulpits is the Power of God unto salvation to everyone that believeth; and the fellowship in her com munion is fellowship with the Father and with His Son, Jesus Christ, our Lord and Saviour. The blessings as sured in the new century are immensely greater than any experienced in the past, and may be ours by Christian con secration-and co-operation in the power of the Holy Ghost. Let us 'hand to our children in the coming century a glorious heritage in Zion, and so fulfl the words of the Psalmist: "One generation shall praise Thy works to another, and shall declare Thy mighty acts." 