YOUNG MEN'S SUNDAY. SPECIAL. SERMONS IN THE ' .. CHURCHES. Following their usual custom, the com mittee of the Y.M.C.A. arranged with a number of ministers of the city arid subur ban Churches to treat vesterdav as voumt men's Sunday. The twenty-first anniver sary of this nourishing institution will be celebrated during this week, and one of the principal speakers at the annual meeting will be the Rev. H. Howard, of Ballarat. The management took advantage of his presence in Adelaide on Sunday to inaugu rate the new winter series of 'inen's own' meetings. Prior to the meeting Mr. E. Gratton gave an organ recital. Subse quently Mr. Howard addressed a large audience in the Victoria Hall on 'Christ a Cure for a Worried Life.' The rev. gentle man has the reputation of being one of the ablest preachers in the Victorian Wes leyan Conference, and his address on Sun day afternoon was of a high standard. Taking as his text the words 'Seek ye first the Kingdom of God and his righteous ness, and all these tilings Khali be added unto you,' he pointed out that Christ did not mean to deprecate labour, for work was one of the fundamental laws of nature. The Kingdom of God would not fall into a man's lap; he must work for it along the lines which. God had laid down. Righteous ness was defined in the New Testament as peace and joy in the Holy Ghost, and it meant nothing more than to b? a 'white' man in the common working days of life. If they desired to fulfil the purpose of their being they must get into line with the condition!' of God's Kingdom. Mr. Howard illustrated- his points with several apt allusions to recent scientific discoveries, and, as he is a master of the art of word painting, his address was listened to with close attention. At the conclusion of this ?meeting Mr. T. E. Powell conducted a Bible-reading. In the evening a band of singers, led by the General Secretary, con ducted an open-air song service in Hindi? y- 9treet. The usual service waa afterwards held in the Theatre Roval, when Mr. Howard delivered another able and charac teristic address. ?? ? At Stow Memorial Church on Sunday evening the' Rev. 'Josfeph Robertson. M.A., preached' to' a large' cbraregaition. He took as his subject 'What will be tihe outcome of it all,' and, based Jhis discourse on the mak ing c,f #ie golden- calf by Airon, and the excuse offered by hLrn- to Mo.-es, that he had cast the precious metals into the fire and there had 'come out this.' This waa treated as an illustration of the common experience in .'which '.men blame their cir cumstances, shirking tfreir personal respon sibility. Young men were putting into the furnace of tiheir lives materials that would some day come out in anather form, but what tihat form would be depended very jniich u'j-on' wfliat they were putting into it. A noble and worthy life would be made by realizing the responsibility that rested upon each andividulal roan. ? By -taking the burden of itihat responsibility to God, He would help to make life all tfiat in Hid divine plan (he intended it should be. Rev. W. G. MarSh, Rector c,f St. Luke's Church, took as his subject 'Not luck, but hard work.' Every young man was the architect of hh own fortune. No man in any circumstances whatever should trust winat was called luck, but should aim at some worthy object, and aim high if he wished to readh an 'eminence,' Every man could have whait he was willing to pay the price for; calm and persistent work; good purpose, would always gain good results. So many men in the conrmunity were al ways just going to accomplish their mis sion, but they never did the great thing. He ursred the young men present to Iiave some high, lofty, prodlike^ purpose in view, and not to stctp until they had attained it. The Rev. S. Lenton, preaohiiig nt Hind marah-sqirare Congregational Church on the subject. 'Does it matter what a man be lieves?' remarked that the question really meant, 'Does his belief make any difference to has character?' It was of little moral significance what a man believed about many things, but when it came to a ques tion of spiritual perceptions of truth, it mattered a great deal. He distinguished be tween a conventional; faith and conviction. Sincerity an bel«f would not prevent an unwholesome faith from having an unwhole some effect upon his conduct and character. Righl-doing was founded upon rightthink ing: beliefs influenced conduct, an'.l con duct influenced eliarac'ber. The absence of belief in the personality of God relaxed the moral fibre of his being. The reverend gentleman concluded his address by a quo^ ration from Coleridge, concerning the in fluence of faith in Christ on conduct nnd character:— 'Never did there exist a ful faitfti in the THvine Word, by whom lifrTft and immortality1 were brought into the world, which did not- expand the intellect while it purified the heart, which did not multiply the aims and objects of the under standing, while it fixed nnd simplified those of desires and passions.' The Rev. Henry 'Howard, of Ballnrat, had a crowded cbrigrejration at tihe Pirie street Methodist Church, and took for his text, 'AYhat is your life?' He referred to the shortness of life's tenure, and the folly of men thinking they could do with it what they liked. Scripture contained re iterated statements as to its 'brevity, and ?he made an eloquent appeal for a good life. At 'the North' Adelaide Congregational Churr-h, the Rev. W. H. Lewis was the preacher. The subject treated was 'Temples built in silence,' founded upon the fact that in the erection of Solo mon's temple in Jerusalem no sound of tool or other appliance was heard, ^he various processes of prepara tion beins carried on ait a distance. This was the action of no mere faddist, birt the action of a wise man desirious of impressing on beholders tihe solemn 'holiness . of the edifice. Using this as a parable of human life. he strongly, enrohaslzed the permanence of character, and showed how its formative ptages were reached by the power and in fluence of quiet, silent, moral forces. Cha racter was to be differentiated from repu tation, which was- often noisy and epheme ral. Character was not the creature of mere circumstances, ', but i'thc ' product of that which was within rather than ihat which was without. The insidious temptation of modern times was to exalt circumstances into an improper Jmpoiitance,_ to under value, if not to ignore Vhs euidini?, control line hand of the Great Architect of life. The Rev. E. H. Ellie. speaking on 'Ihviiiht L. Moody; his life and work.' at the North Adelaide Baptist Church, took as his text Joshua i. 8, and urged young men to imitate the consecrated life of -t'he celebrated evangelist. Rev. W. A. Potts spoke from the Maupjhan Memorial . Church ? pulnit on 'Christian Athletic'' fmm the next 'For bodily exercise profitet-h little, but godliness is profitable unto all thanes.' After speak ing of the two'' common, interpre tations of these ' word*— tihe one re ferrinjr to asceticism, and Me other to ?cihysical exercises— Mr. Ptfbts claim ed tftnt children Should not be checked, but wisely directed, in their Kline's. God meant bodily exercise before pleasure. Among young men there was a great variety in the forms of athletics, boim nre ferinff walking, others cyclinpr, or cricket, kc. They should keen in miarl the ancient Roman and Greek object in physical pxer eise^ — *-o make1 efficient Boldim. They rfhoulrl aim at the development of a strong and hardv constitution. He had no svm pathy with paving a man in sections. Let them save the whole man— body, mind, and soul. The speaker stronply protested anrainst the various evils whidh threaten ed to destroy true sport, and earnertly warned young men aeainst excessive indul gence in any good thine. True godliness was practical piety. They ;-, vere. to. nvoid that spurious rriety which 'was'but' a form of godliness. Young men should reverence God and develop the best that was in their nature. ? The Rev. W. L. Morton, who occupied the Dulnit at Flinders-street Baptist Church, discussed the ouestion 'Why more are not Christians.' Rome rmrl -mi«tak*n ideas about self, others were deluded by the seductiveness of iniquity; others were pur suing wealth, or pleasure, of fame. The cowardly arririt, influenced many, but the great obstacle to many others was the sin of deferrine the subject. Mr. H. D. Srrrith, at Uie Ohurch of Christ, Grote-tfcreet, took -for his theme, 'Victorious young men.*' He saod strcntr young men wer« wanted for Adelaide, and Auptralians 'oueht to be the stroneest for good, right, and truth in tb-- -British Em pire. By' reverence and obedience to pa rents, bv loyalty to domestic claims, young men in Christ were being trained for civic and political life. Now, and onward, thp Christian young men were those who would be sought for and trusted. ? During the dhivolric ag'-; an army was computed by the number of lances. 