" Ye.«, what, a pot it will be! " The words were still ringing hi .Mr. Major's ears when on tho morrow he went down by tram to that subnrban racecourse. Ho had ™', °at Mr. Gill's advice to the bitter end, ho had not stolen, hut ho had and borrowed. He had applied for helpin-5 many quarters as ho could manage in the limited time at his disposal. He had fold t0°" Mc had pledged hLno^bef. ,hestra"ial.?-point.. He had iu__.. fahnlmi. Tf a rai xvhkh {or Mm UUalaus. It ho lost it he would he without* btipeoToio. ™rM' a,m0St Witi,oat "» MjSWCTKSSraaiis lo eui r" man r;h0 knon'uo[!»'<ib'of liorses to pro punting on the turf was an act of simple insanity. Hor did he supposo that he'waa lmPr°ved by tlie fact that ho was aoout to hack tho fancies of an avowed humbug who, he himself belived wax at least half imbecile. Tot he nei-eri ™ T.1..U ior a moment to cany out what ha knew to bo tho folly in his bniiu - emw?1 w'ui. y,as c,rowacd—by that frairrant lrav.e!,3 to ° London raeceoW. horsc-v '''" specials. The conversation was m.!? " , Pa ,lvcnr fr«'y offered. Mr. -Injor heard the chances of the animals ""mcf 1,0 had written on the hack of an old envelops canvassed hv persons who ' .were without douht much hotter judges of a horse than he. Ho paid not th0 sTh-htl^ Mr i "T t'125as'!l thodia of conversation words w-re ringing in iiis cars— ' IVhat a pot it will bo !" -And wherever he looked he saw, as in a n axing dream, a woman's face. This vemu man was simply mad. The most amarin nonsense was whirling in his head Win ? tortaue—he'd win her^ The twofdeas wcrS h<* 1,aid'» a sort of chime. " iie.lovcd the woman—with a sort of hones' prioo he mid hnnsolf how earnestly lie loved i"n'l t , .:,is PiIe' aad ,e"il of his love. And to make his pib lie had beaded and bor^wci-aud lied—all 011 the stkmgt'b of un <>Ii I fu'j] s varni,!^, 51 I -'Would von like a rip, sir?-for the firs i !hPH,;.l tm }0U " oorfaintr, sir, fora ..hum . J J p„f l6 oa luy^lf ,7 2 iuv2 'lt sjr •—SO help UJCs I wonM." ), .^!SiT3iS i,IC S™etinS wh'"-h he received as wl.o * J.™"} 'ho tram from an iudividual vo?? y '®,0"?ht he was green, sfni Ht .KiiiW course ho made straight f,,r tfie ring, and fur a •• leviathan puricider, whom, strangely enough, i!e kno'w hini 33 :lS y !ian:e- Xu wcishcr for ' filter3' PtiC° Lad-,'b!ra for Blenheim _ He had nevermadea bet in Ids life before, r,l w .i f1 sorc ?f 'laa ''-lea that when vou did bet tliat was the way to set about it. " i Lay you tliree to one." 'Put mo on four hundred pcunds/* Over a Iiuuured pounda of that four hundr^ V-S °iVn Tl*?«' 10r ho™ bejpiinMig- to keep li^ hwd above water in the uniztiv * aToiry ^ *** ,he ** °fil~* Lay sou seven to tti-d, sir," interposed a iay-rou-tbe-odds gentleman close by. , . '"y.voa seven to two," observed tho m™a!han calmly. " What name, sir? Mr. i'tl "' plvc tae gentleman his ticket." i'"' four himdred pounds were handed over. Mr. Jfajor received in exchnwe a rlin of paatcuoard. Someone spoke to him as ho turned away, this time not a betting man: someone who had apparently bceu look-in- on "Jacobs has done you over tiiat bet of yours, lie has given you nothing like thu proper odds. Anyone, saving himself, would cave given you five to one." ~ Mr. Major said nothing, not even to thank the speaker fur the information. He ti-k up a position to view tho race. It was* a fine day. Althougu it was probable that a crowd wmiia eouio, it had „ot com„ yet, Qc had no uiihcultv in finding a favourable point or vantage from which to view tho race on which he had staged more than all the money ho had m then-arid. JFa show what sort of a xoorts man tins young man Y. ns ono need" only , mention thathehadnoteveupureliaseda canl. He did not know which was L-idvbird, he was not acquainted with tho colours sho carried, ho did not know who her owner was i ;10r.. ,cr l°akey—as a plain statement of fact, bo did not kuow if sbe was running in tho race at alL He saw tho start, ho saw tho animals rush by, he did not sec, but ho knew that tho nii-e was over. He heard tlio roar of voices. Ho turned to a man beside hint: " won?" " Some " — llowery — " outsider." Ho turned to a friend: "What is it, Jim?" "I don't know." There was a short Ftp150' uLhero's tho number. Ladrbirdf Who the somethinged something's "Lady bird ?" Mr. Major went down to Mr. Jacobs in (no ring. _ That dignitary greeted him with a nod. " lou were in the know, Mr. Major. Mr. Blades, give Mr. Major eighteen hundre.1 pounds. Would you like to "do anything eu the next r.ice, Mr. Major?" 'Mr. Major counted over bis eighteen hun dred pounds.k Taking out an old envelope from tbo inner pocket of his coat, lie quietly referred to Bomething which was written on thobaokof it. "Gent'sgot it all written down, Jake,1 observed a ribald—and a rival—pcncillcr. . Ur. Jacobs paid no heed to him. " What price Kiog Bruce for the Windsor Stakes?" inquired Mr. Major. ."-Lay you ten to three, mieter," yelled one gentleman. "Lay you eleven to three," bawled another. Indeed, there was quite a chorus of offers. Mr. Major was indifferent to all of them. " What price will you give me, Jacobs?" " King Brace ?'' The leviathan regarded Mr. Major with a curious glance. "Well, Mr. Major, Til give you eleven to three." " Put me on eighteen hundred pounds." There was a slight pause of astonishment. 41 Who is he ?" Mr. Major heard someone behind him ask. "Another Juggins." The response was at least as audible as the inquiry had been. . Thero was a langh. Even Mr.- Jacobs seemed amused. * "Eighteen hundred pounds. 11 to 3, King Brace, Mr. Major. Give Mr. Major his ticket, Mr. Blades." -• "Lookout, Jacobs," shonted a voice, "tho young gent means having you." - < There was another laugh at this. Mr. Major, serenely indifferent, walked away with Mr. Jacobs's ticket iu his pocket. "Kyard, sir! Erect krard, sir." Someone thrust soinethingheneath his nose. Then, for the first time, Mr. Major became conscious that be was without that conveni ence—eepeciailv for a novice—a programme of the day. £fe purchased a card. He found that for the Windsor Stakes there were five runners. King Brace's colours were light blue. He picked them out when the horses were making ready for starting. As the .. anhnals tordpast it seemed to him that the one with the light blue jockey on his back was bringing up the rear. It continued in the rear duringtnc few moments in which the' proceodings were in sight. Suddenly there arose a tumult of many-voices. . "By—! He's won!" The race was over. A man at bis side'who had been following it through a pair of glosses, lowered thera with a full-moutlied execration. "Who'swou?" ' / "King Bruce!" Mr. Major was conscious of a little flutter ing in the region of his chest, as though a pulse had all at once, been set vibrating. The people were rushing off In all directions, ©lor a moment he stood etill. He studied an old envelope which he took from his pocket. Then ho started for the ring. Mr. Jacobs received him effusively. "Ton arc* in luck, Mr. Major. You must have had somo private information. I shall hardly like to bet with yon. How much is it, Mr. Mujor? ' Mind you let me down easy." The artist handed in bis "brief." 44 What do yon make it, Mr. Blades ? Eight _ thousand fpur hundred. Is- that it, Mr. Major? Why, I shouldn't have so much money in the world if it hadn't been that some other gentlemen have been paying me. I tell you _ something in confidence.* You'ro the only gentleman I know who was on Kiog Bruce. What are you going to do on the next race, Mr. Major? Back another winner!" 14 What price Sweet Violet for the Maiden Tiate?" Mr. Jacobs paused. He sucked the point of his pencil. The usual chorus broke out on either side of him, 141*11 lay you two to one, sir." Mr. Jacobs spoke. "Well, Mr. Major, it's my business to lay against horses at tho market odds. I'll give ^Bevcn to three— ■ thongh I'm not quite sure that I'm doing tho proper thing, you know. How much ? The lot." Mr. Major held out to him the handful of bank notes which he had just received. "I don't know, Mr. Major, if you think I've brought tho Bank of England* out with me, because I haven't; so if I run a little short—and you do seem as though you were going to bleed roe—perhaps you wouldn't mind taking my cheque—you'll* find it good enough." "I shall be delighted." Tho bet was made—Sweet Violet won easily, was the general verdict—though as to that Mr. Major knew nothing. He saw the number go up upon the telegraph, and that was aU he knew about it. He received back his eight thous and four, hundred pounds, and an open cheque to boot. Tho figures upon that cheque seemed to dance before his eyes. But as ho handed over that cheque Mr. Jacobs's mood seemed to be by no means effusive. " That's enough for roe, Mr. Msjor, for to-day. Fm going to take to backing horses for a change." Whether Mr. Jacobs meant what he said, or not, at any rate he declined to have auy tliinz more to do with Mr. Major. "Yon'ro too clever for me !" he declared. The artist had to seek a market elsewhere. Not that it took him long to find one—offers to deal rained on him from every side. "Deal with me, I'm George Foot©, Mr. Major." Mr. Msjor know the name through tho sporting prints—"I'll cash Mr. Jacobs's cheque; though'mind yon, I shouldn't be surprised if it was a stunner! This is the shop for cheques. What's your fancy, Mr. Major?" 41 What price Devil's Own for the Churchill Handicap?" 41 I'll give yon seven to four, and M go you for Mr. Jacobs's cheque." 41 Why," shouted a voice in the crowd, "just now yon were giving six to one." •'Verywell, Mr. Major, you deal with that gentleman over there. He'll lav you six to one, in pennies. Soren to four'is my price." \- t*I wAn? io go for moro than the ch«oue." The chcqao's biff enough for mo. What's 1 the size of it? Nineteen thousand «x hun dred—yes, that's quite big enough for mo." Another penciller addressed himself to Mr. Major. - 5 "How much' more.do you want to do? 44 Eight thousand fivo hundred." ^ 44 I'll do it at George Footers price. Ton know mo, X daresay, Tom Grainger, of Not tingham—Grainger with an 4i.*" Directly the artist had made his hot Dovil's Own seemed to be in general demand. 44 Mr. Major ! ■ You here?" As Mr. Major was thrusting Mr, Gran ger's ticketinto his pocket, someono addressed him from behind. Turning, there was Miss Davidson. His heart scorned suddenly to cease to beat. "You!" was all that he could gasp. Sha laughed. - , • 141 did not know that yon were a racing man. Allow tnc to introduco you to . Sir Gerald Mason." Mr. Major was conscious that a resplendent middle-aged gentleman was acting as the lady's escort. 44 Are you alone?" Mr. Major explained, staranicringly,' ^ that he was. Half unconsciously, he fell in by the lady's side. The. throe threaded their way among-the crowd. They reached a drag. 441 daresay we can find a place for you, if it's only standing room." "Presently Mr. Major found himself, with other ladies and gentlemen, on top of a four in-hand. 44Well, have yon won?" inquired Miss Davidson, who seemed to have taken him under her wing. 44 Yes." There was a choking .in tho artist's throat. "Nearly thirty thousand pounds." . 44 What!" . ) The artL-t found 1 lira-elf greeted with a general stare. "Nearly thirty thousand pounds." 44 To-dav ?" 44 Yes, all of it to-day." Sir Gerald Mason seemed to be particularly struck. " That's a tidy little triile," he observed. .Another gentleman came clamouring ou to thereof. "Icau'tmakeit out. There's something up. Just now they were laying anything against Devil's Own. Now they want three to one on." I expect," said Mr. Major, "it's because of me." . . 'Because of vou r " The ncwdomcr stared. Oh." ! I've just been backing him for nearly tliirty thousand pounds." The dcuco you have!" . He's sure to win." Is he, indeed? May I ask how you know it r* * . : 44 A person with whom I am acquainted gave me, yesterday, the uamc3 of all to- day's winners. "Devil's Own is one of them. I have them hre." Mr. Major took out ao old soiled envelope. Thero was something written in pencil on the back of it. He held it out in front e£ him. There was auniversal smile. The artist was aware of it. 4 41 camo out this morning with four hundred potiuds. I have hacked three of tho horses whose names arc on this envelope. I have already won nearly thirty thousand pounds. I have placed it all upon Devil's Own. Devil's Own will win. All the horses whose names are on this envelope will win. I am sure of it." In his voice, therewasa riug of enthusiastic conviction. His eyes met Miss Davidson's. She smiled at him. 441 hope they will, for your sake." 44 Thank yon. I lniew you would." ! He held out his hand to her. She'gave him hers, hluahing as she did k>. Tho other people gu the drag glanced at one another. When Miss Davidson withdrew her hand, she turned to the course. 44 Wc shall soon know part if your predic tion is true, they are starting." They were starting, though they did not start just then. Eaeehorses are not to he in duced to start by clockwork. But, at last, tho flag was dropped. The runners came flying down the course. ' '"George!" exclaimed Sir Gcrald'Masou. "It's a procession." A horse had run off with the lead. He not only kept it, hut increased it as he went. The race was finished. 44 A walk over for Devil's Own," remarked the gentleman, who hist had clambered ou to the coach. He turned to Mr. Major, 441 should like, sir, to know vouc friend." 44 How much have you wou, Mr. Major?" . The inquiry came from Miss Davidson. Mr. Major glanced at his couple of paste boards. r 441 have eight thousand four hundred on with ono man, and nineteen thousand six hundred with another; that's twenty-eight thousand pounds, at seven to four, that's forty-nine thousand pounds.'' Someone so far forgot good manners as to whistle; it was the gentleman who had clambered on to the coach. Mr. Major's glance sought Miss Davidson's. Her eyes were gloaming. 44 All won? I congratulate you." "Keally?" 44 With all my heart." His cheeks were flushed. His eyes were gleaming too. Words Bccmed trembling on his tongue. Bcforo ho could utter them he was assailed with a questiou. 44 What's going to win the next?" It came in half a dozen voices. He glanced at the hack of the envelope. "Esfcrclla will win the Visitors' Plate." "Estrella! She'll never stay the course; and she's nowhere in tho hotting." 41 As for being nowhere in the betting, all the better for small punters liko myself," remarked tho elderly Sir Gerald. He descended to tho ground; the others scorned to ho all talking together. Mr. Major and Miss Davidson for the moment were unnoticed. 41 "What ate you going to do ? You're not going to do a*y inoro betting?" 441 am. Iam going to put every penny upon Estrella." "Oh; Mr.Major." " Miss Davidson, I knowthat I shall win." Yon seem very confident. Bufcyouknow you cannot always have good' fortune. And you are playing for high stakes, you nrast remember." •*I am, for the highest possible. I ami playing for tho greatest prize in tho world." ' His earnestness seemed to abash her. 44 Whatever it is I hope you will win it." MYba mean It ?" She turned away. *11 Of courso I do." Ho hesitated. He seemed about to speak. Then, with a sudden impulse ho too descended to the ground. "Put on five pounds forme," she said to liim, as. he went down. 41 I'll back your luck." He looked up at her, his face peony red. But he was speechless His entry into the ring was greeted with something like ap plause; already' he was famous? In his mastering excitement he did not notico it. "jHollo, Mr. Major," cried Mr. Grainger of Nottingham, 44 don't you think you're knocking 'em ? Are you going for the gloves? Do you want to break tho lot of us? We've all got wives and children, and wo don't want to sec 'cm in the workhou-o. What's the next article, Mr. Major?" 44 What price Estrella for tho Visitors'! Plate?" " For a moment it seemed that there was no j price. Then Mr. Gtaingcr made a hid. 4* I'll do you at evens, but not for a million, you know." 441 won't do you at any price," said Mr. Foote, who seemed unhappy. 441 say with Mr. Jacobs—Mr. Major's too clever for me." Sir Gerald Mason was standing by the artist's side. 44 Evens!" he exclaimed. *4 Why, Estreila's quoted at forty to one." Oh, that was before 3Ir. 3fojor was on. Mr. Major's hand-in-glove with tlic old gentleman—he's got'tho key of the stable." Mr. Jacobs interposed. 44 Look here, Mister, I don't know who you are, but you've got twenty-eight thousand pounds of my monojv Go-you duublo or quits ; evens against Estrella." 44 I'll come in with you, Jacobs," cried s enterprising gentleman, whose name ires Johnson—that well known patron of 44 the fancy." 44 I'll do you tho same price in any sum you choose, Mr. Major—a million, if you like—I think I'm good for it!" Mr. Major had to«he content with the terms. I haven't dono very well for you, M£ Davidson," he explained when he returned to tho drag. 44 I've only got ovens." 44 It's a robbery," declared the elderly Sir Gerald : 44 rank robbery!" Bather too barefaced robbery for me." Thus Mr. Wilmot, which was the name of tho gentleman who had clambered last ou to the drug.' 441 dnn't think this time your friend has done you a good turn, Mr. Major. From her form Estrtlla hasn't the ghost of a chance. Personally, I should7 say the odds against her were more than forty to one." • 44 By Jovo!" exclaimed u ruddy-faced young gentleman, with a "pane of glass " in his eye, 441 hops she will wiu I I've a i key on her!" Not to mention my five pounds," 1 laughed Mies Davidson. j Your money is quite safe. Estrella will | win—I know it." Excuse me, Mr. Major," said Mr. Wil mot, but your tone would almost suggest that I you had been getting at somebody or some- I thing on a very extensive scale. "You seem | cock-sure." 441 am cock-surc." "They're off!" They were. Mr. Wilmot's glasses followed the race. "A capital start. Bedgown's leading Canute second. Hollo, the Squire's coming. Estreila'snowhere. The Squire's in front! What's _ that slipped through—Patience ? Patience is coming! Come on, Patience; the Squire is racing her! Whcre'syour Estrella. Mr. Major? She don't teem to be in this race, ratienco is ahead! Bravo, Patience! Br George, Canute's coming! He's in front! He's running awav from 'cm! Just loo5 how he's going! It's all over—Canute for a million! Hollo, how about your Es trella, Mr. * Major? What's that—what's that in blue and pink? It's—it's Estrella!! Dashed if she isn't coming on; hang me if I she isn't! My eyes, how tho's travelling I If there's time, she'll overhaul the leader! She has! She's collared him! She's racing him! She's passed him! Gosh! She's won!", I've won over a hundred and fifty thousand pounds." "With ono accord they turned to Mr. Major. He seemed in a sort of ecstacy. He repeated tho words, 44 I've won over a hundred and fifty thousand pounds. 7 knew Eatrella'd win." . Mr, 'Wilmot looked a little white. 44 It's uncommonly queer,'? he said. 44 It is queer; I know it's queer. But l| knew she'd win." Miss Davidson spoke. " I congratulate you, Mr. Major, with alii my heart. I never knew anyono who won a hundred and fifty thousand pounds before— and in a single day !"• 441 shall win more before I've finished." " You ore surely not going to tempt Fortune again ?" . 44 No—not Fortune! ' Tho man who gave mc the names of the horses which I have here was inspired. It was given to him to see behind the veil. I half suspected it at the time. I see it clearly now. It is not Fortune I am tempting; I am hetting upon cer tainties. I know that every horse he gave mo is sure to win!" Tho people looked at one another. They were apparently in doubt as to whether this young gentleman was altogether sane. ' What has this very remarkable frieml of yonrs given you for the-Cup?" 44 Biulct GirL" That sounds moro promising. Ballet Girl's my own fancy, and the favourite. But if you take my advice, Mr. Major, you'll keep out of the ring.. Lot mo deal for you. If they know you're dealing it'll knock the market all to pieces; you'll get uo.priceat all." "What does it matter what price I get? What does it matter if I havo^ to give tcu to one if I know the horse will wiu?" Mr. Wilraot shrugged his shouldere. " Of conrse, if you know, there's nothing further to be said." ^ Mr. Major found the ring in a panic. His entry was greeted with a roar of voices. 11 Mr. Major, vou'vo about broke me," yelled Mr. Jacobs. Then came a volley of adjectives. " I can't make things out at all. Upon tnv soul, I don't know that I didn't ought to appeol to the stewards." Someone shouted in the crowd: "Pay up, Jake, and look pleasant!" " I'll pay up," said Mr. Jacobs; "but as for looking pleasant-—" ' There came more adjectives. 44 What are you going to do in the Hunt Cup, Mr. Major?" Tho inquiry, came from neither Mr. Jacobs nor Mr. Grainger. " What price Ballet Girl?" It was odd, after the previous tumult, to notice the silence with which Mr. Major's words were greeted—the completer faience htill which followed them. No one made a price. . . - * 41 You're surely not afraid of one maur What, all the lot of you?" 44Dash me!" roared Mr. Jacobs. "No man shall say that I'm afraid of him—not if I have to go into the workhouse to-morrow. I'll tell yon what I'il do, Mr. Major. I'll give you the chance to make the biggest bet that was ever made iu England. You've gat over a hundred aud fifty thousand pounds there, and by——! mo*t of It's mine. If you like to put it on Ballet Girl, at live to one on, I'll take you." "five to one on?" shouted the crowd. "Yive to one oo 1" vociferated Mr. Jacobs. 44 And that's an offer which I doubt if any other man upon this course will make you." It was not a tempting offer,' but Mr. Major took it. "You're a very foGlish man, sir,' said Mr. Wilmot, who "was staadiug at his elbow. 44 "Why ?—I know the horse will win." 44 You may know, bat I don't, and you've spoilt tho market for other men." The start was a long time coming. While they watted fur it thcru was considerable excitement on the top of the drag. 44 Mr. Major." said Miss Davidson, "Ido hope that mysterious friend of yours is right again. It will be a terriblo thing if Ballet Girl should fail us. We are all of us on her to a man." 41 And at su:h a price!" growled Mr. Wihnofc. 44 Upon my word, I am ashamed of myself when I think that I over ai owed, my self to be induced to* bdek.uny horse at such a figure." ■ ■ . Mr. Major was standing by Miss Davidson. His eyes, which rested ou her, wero eloquent with "many things. Always good looking, just then be was curiously haudsorao. 44 Ballet Girl will win; I am sure of it.^ Tbcii—tlicu I shall never bet again." "Never?" 44 Never. I doa't tbiuk I ever bet before. I never shall again." 44 Your luck has heen fabulous—really quito incredible. If I had been you I chould have b:ca content with what I'd won. To riik it all seems—seems dreadful." •4 Why r You would be prepared fo bet that two" and two make four a thousand times in succession.5' ^ • 44 But thut is different." 14 Not at all. Just as certaiuly es you know that two and two make four, I know that Ballet Girl will win. I shall have made my fortune. I shall have only one thing left to win. Only one!" " Someone said they were getting ready to start. • All eyas were tumod towardn the conrse. Mr. Wilmot's glasses again came into play. "Isu't that Tragedy Queen who won't stand atiil? Up go her heels. Now there's Chappio joining her." . lir. Major, under cover of tho galhcriug excitement, half whispered to Miss Davidson: 141 shall have only one thing left to win." ^ <4I hope you will win it, whatever it is." She faced hiru. "Mr. .Major, I do hope Ballet Girl will win." "I know she will." j "Tboy'rcoff!" ! They were. Mr. Wilmot favoured them ! with a running commentary. 44 A good start! What's that in the black and whito hoops iu frout ? Hollo I Chappie's making the pace. Tragedy Queen seems to bo funking it; or is young Blades holding her in ? Ballet Girl seem9 to be running third. White will get himself* shut in if he doe*a't lookout. Hollo! Chappie's ahead! Mark Anthony's challenging him! They're making a ding-dong thing of it, by George! Ballet Girl's creeping up; bo's Tragedy Queen. What is that in the black and white hoops? Isn't it Bar One? It is Bar One! Ballet Girl is coming on. By gad, she is I Hark at the people shouting. Our five to one chance looks rosy, Mr. Major. She's collared Chappie! Tragedy Queen is sticking to her. It strikes mo it's going to be a race between the pair of them. Bar One's third. Isn't Ballet Girl just flying? Bravo! Why, there must bo two lengths between her and Tragedy Queen! Hark at the people! I say, Mr. Major, the devil must be in thatfriend of yours; Ballet Girl's half a dozen lengths in front! She's having a lark with them! She's—why!—what is that? She's down! down! My God! Why don't Whito pick her up? There's something wrong! Tragedy Queen's'passed her! So's Bar One! Bar One's gaining! Bar One's in front l-rrr• I !" Mr. Wilmot inu^t have, forgotten • tho preseuco of ladies. And in that hot moment it is not impossible that lus forgot fu ness was overlooked. "Bar One's won!*' He turned ou Mr. Major. "BarOaakaswca!" There was a hubbub nf m**»r \ rash of people on ^ — ^vuicr, ♦wiicre Bullet Girl lay motionless. Her last race was nin. Tbo flush had faded from Mr. Major's checks, the light from his eyes. . J "I have lost!—lost!—lost.it all!" Ho 1 turned to Miss Davidson. "You—you won't let it make any difference?" " Make anr difference?" j " I did it all for you. I—I did not like to j come to you with empty hand*." 3 " Mr. Major! What do you mean ?*' '' "Although I loved vou so, I did notliko to think that you were rich and X was poor. It I had won X should have given it all_to - Von—it would have bsca for yon that it was. won." The lady turned away. It almost seemed that this icroarkable young gentleman was making a declaration of affection, in public, on tho roof of a drag, right beforo tho eyes— the cars.!—of iv number of amazed and be wildered siraugers. " You—yon won't let it make an}' differ* ence, because—because I havo lost." The lady favoured him with a front view. M Her "hecks wop} a finning red. But, in spite ' of it, she was thcinorcsclf-posseiscdofthctwo. "I think. Mr. Major, that excitement has turned your bruin. "It is* rather a singular olaco in which to volunteer &i;:r.h a statement, but I don't know if you ar^uware that I am engaged to be married to Mr. Philip Cumber land ?" "Engaged? To Mr. Cumberland?" It was piteom to see the young man's face. " But he's in Oban." *• I don't know how you know ho is in Oban. Ivor do I see why his being/in Ol«u» should make any difference to the fact of our . engagement." " Bnt—why oi 1 you buy my picture ? " "My good air. 1 have novel* bought any picture of yours." Gill said it was you." • ' You seem to be favoured with enmo J curious friends. I have nor tho honour of Mr. Gill's acquaintance. Had I purchased yourpicture, I do nut see how tho purchase would havo warranted yotir_ peculiar be haviour. Asa matter of fact, I have done nothing of tho kind I" Mr. Wilinot slipped his arm through Mr. Major's. " Come, my friend, I think you and I had better take a stroll together.. You seem to have let us in for a very nice thing! " 