BOARD OF ADVICE. In the absence of Dr. Tofft Mr. Hart was appointed acting treasurer. A letter was read from, Mr. Masters,. acting Director of Education, with re ference to the alteration:in: the Epping: school, which was approved:. An application for the use of the. State-school at Conara for one evening: was granted. It was decided that the. fee of 5s should be charged. Mr. Gibson brought forward the state. of, the fence round the State-school ab. Epping. He said that some of they fence had been carried: away for: fire wood.--Resolved that the matter be, brought under the notice of the pre sent, teacher, and that the fence be re paired or a new one erected. Mr. Gib son agreed to pay half of the cost,,. as the school adjoined, his private pre perty. Amongst the visitors of mark to the Paris Exhibition was a poor old woman who was recently found in an ex hausted condition from hunger on a highway close to the village, of Se zanne, in the department of Marne. Born in Alsace on January 2,1797-that is to say,103 years ago-this old woman had set out 15 days' previously from her home to see the exhibition. She travelled on foot, carrying a package weighing 551b. and possessing as her entire fortune a two- frans piece. She lived on bread and cheese, and slept in barns or under trees. The energy of the old centenarian was so much admired that a collection was made to send her to Paris. Until recent years 'dictionaries were compiled somewhat carelessly, words being merely. copied from one to ar-, other; thus there is a list of actual. bogus words that have dictional au thority. An instance of this is the word "phantomnations," given as meaning the gibbering of ghosts, with Pope as an authority. It is simply a case of misprint, Pope having spoken of "the phantom nations of the dead," and the compositor having "run the two words together," as printers say. Old issues of Webster and other dic tionaries contained this word. For Influenza and Cold in th- Head, Woods'8 Great Peppermint. Cur?, 1/6. I 