{COUPLETS STO&y.;} 1 STflRTOF UWRENCE CHETW1HD BY ALISON HUGHES, Author of "The Queen's Driving Room, * M Aunt Adela's Lcp&ey;," •* Rewcnjfe i* Sweet," &c.;, kr *** corsnioH^ ^^^^0R Bome ■ months past bad been ■ spending A rather a lazy, uneTc n tful time; the calm before the storm, os subsequent facts proved. A few weeks' sketching along the shores of the Lake of Geneva, a brief sojourn at Lausanne, al ways a favourite baiting-place with me, on account of L>arly associations, a little swal low's flight into Italy; then, as the season grew more advanced, we now and again spoke of a sail to Xorway. Not that we were cither of us accustomed, or able, to lead this idle, desultory kind of life for long together. On the contrary, we were both poor men, and entirely dependent upon our own exertions for a comfortable or uncom fortable existence, as the case might prove. Suddenly my friend Lawrence Chctwynd grew unaccountably silent and depressed; aung his sketches aside unfinished or tore them to atoms, and altogether behaved in a most peculiar fashion for a man of his painstaking, persevering calibre. Finally, one morning lie announced bis in tention of returning to England at once, via Paris. When I mention that the month was July, perhaps my consternation may be understood " Paris 1" I shouted in tones rivalling the thunderous echoes of the storm outside. " Paris, do you say? By all the saints of the calendar, you mast be mad or dream ing, to utter snch a word at this time of the year. Besides, it is impossible 1" Lawrence knew that my reference was to failing finances, and shrugged his shoulders ruefully. "Three months ago you swore that you would never set foot in that delightful though most dishonest city again," I per sisted. Another shrug of tlje shoulders, and then my fiiend proceeded to turn bis pockets inside out, and count what little store of cash remained to him. As was customary with me, I followed suit, and was not a little astonished to find myself somewhat richer than I had calcu laii d upon. With a bound Lawrence leaped up.mi toy treasure, gathering up notes and <i-|:< jvi'tucr coins with the fierceness of C MjlM' j"» i:!: fioJ!" he said, apparently driven t'< rjf.ih by the fact that between us at lcait ihp necessary means for the accomplish ment of his desire could be raised. We never counted money separately in those days! Sometimes I was in juck, sometimes my companion held the reins, but always two of ns shared in the benefit. So it came to pass that a few moments later I was listening to Cbetwynd's strange explanation of bit desire to seek England again. X fancy 1 see him before me now. Lean ing forward on his elbow, with one hand pushed through his abundant liair, he told me that for three nights in sucoession his brother Hubert had appeared to him. The moment I beard Hubert Chetwynd's name, 1 dropped the mask of indifference, and lis tened with the most intense interest. •• It was 'in Paris, at onr old quarters off the Boulevard Maleshetbes, I (aw him, and he was in trouble. I most go to him as owin as possible. Of course yon will come (no. You see, it is impossible for me to move without you. Besides, we have al ways stuck together through thick and thin, through weal and woe. And it meanB woe this timet" My friend's head fell forward as he spoke, and I knew he depended on me for the lest. And the restY Why, of course, those two words meant Paris, without delay of sleep, food, or any other circumstance what ever In fine, we arrived in Paris, more dead than alive, by reason of a thousand inconveniences unknown to richer and more leisurely travellers. But the moment Lawftnce Cbetwynd's feet trod the magic pavements of the gay city, the burden of trouble fell from his shoulders on to mine. We wen shadowed. At regular intervals daring our journey a curiously attired, gray- haired old man Lad haunted us, and the moment we set foot in our Paris hotel I saw and recognised bim again I Indeed, by mutual impulse, we saluted one another. lAwrence,-however, saw and knew no thing. . He appeared to be living in a kind of stupor—as though half his faculties were benumbed. " Now that wc are here, Roger, perhaps the merciful Fates will allow a little sleep to visit us," he remarked, when late in the evening we were preparing to retire to our respective apartments. I believe I gave a aurt of grunting acquiescence to this remark, but I had not the slightest intention of sleeping myself until I had made some at tempt at acquaintance with (he strange old man who had so persistently followed on our track. As luck would have it, I found bim in the court-yard lighting a cigar preparatory to sal'.ying forth Tor a Btroll. Our eyes met, and- we again exchanged a courteous bow. Beyond a few remarks concerning the wea ther, my companion seemed averse to speech, however, contenting himself with surveying me furtively from beneath his shaggy brows. Assuming a bold, friendly manner, there fore, I suddenly drew out my card case, and presented him with the means of addressing me by name, at the same time remarking that it was a thousand pities we had not broken the ice before. Seeing the whole of our journey has proved to be in the same direction, monsieur, we might have rendered it so much less tedious by the interchange of .friendly notes en route." The strange old man examined my card with a sinister sneer lurking round the cor ners of hiB mouth. Suddenly he gave a leap to my side, and clutched me by the sleeve. "The name on this card Is not correct 1 You are trying to deceive me. It should be Hubert—not Lawrenoe Chetwyndl" While he spoke, I made two discoveries. I bad presented the stranger with my friend's card instead of my own. My second discovery was that he was an Englishman. " But why should 1 try to deceive you, sir?" with a distinct emphasis on the " sir." " My friend's name is Lawrence, not Hu bert! That he greatly resemb'eB bis twin brother I do not deny. But n*-1 vases are by no means uncommon." "Twin brother! Then the.^ arc two Cte'.wynds 1 1 never heard ttiie fact bi'furc." " Theg_you cannot be very welt acquainted with the history of the family," 1 replied, aurtly. "All the world talked of the un just will made some few years ago by the father of these two brothers. To one was left the family estates, together with every penny of money. To the other, good health, a handsome face, and beggary. A ?|uarter of an hour or so makes a crue' dif erenco sometimes in one's destiny." . Mj companion heard sreij word, ob livious ol (he fact that one or two waiters were lingering suspiciously witbin earshot Hn hand still clutched my sleeve, und bis piercing glance seemed to truri'li through /(iv vrry soul. "Vou look honest," he said at length. " Hut they must be very inuch alike. God help me, 1 might have killed Ihc wrong in.in !" Perceiving my look of horror, he broke into a loud affected laugh, and, picking up the cigar, which had fallen neglected to his feet, passed with a gesture of adieu into the crowded streeta Paris. Feeling extftmely depressed, I was pre paring to follow Lawrence CheJwynd's ex ample, and seek recuperation of many wrary days' fatigue in sleep, when, to my nmazc ment, Lawrence himself joined me in the courtyard. Only partially dressed, and looking more Ilk* a ghost, than a man, he seated himself at one of the little marble tables, and called hoarsely for brandy. " Thank God, I've found you I" were his first words. " I tliink I shall go mad, or take poison, if 1 have that cursed dream again. Something's altogether wrong with Hubert! It's no use resting a single mo ment. My brother is here—in Paris 1 We must find him, Roger, lrft us search 'or him at once." r By this time I hod become extremely irrV table, and I am afraid my language must not be repeated. " I'm jolly well sick of all this farrago of nonsense concerning your brother and dreams of misfortune," was my concluding specch. " You may stalk through the whole length and breadth of the city if you choose; for my part I am going to bed." Without another word I left bim. Next morning, feeling extremely ashamed of my churlish conduct, I went straight to my friend's room in order to place mysell at bis disposal for the remainder of the day. But Lawrence was nowhere to be found. Inquiring of the concierge, I discovered that ho had left the hotel shortly after our abrupt parting, and had not since returned. I waa desperately annoyed with this tnrn of affairs. Lawrence Chetwynd was not only my dearest friend in life, but be was the only one whom I thoroughly and en tirely trusted. His was a nature true as steel. I felt I bad deserted bim in a season of danger and trouble, and reproached my self most bitterly. As I was rising from the breakfast table wondering where to go and what in the world to do next, my companion of the previous evening entered and called sharply for his bill. "Ah! Bo you are still here?" be ex claimed vouchsafing a curt nod in tny di rection. " I met your friend Lawrence in the Bois this morning; and bis brother Hubert was with him. You spoke the truth last night, as I thought. They are con foundedly alike, though. But there is a dif ference notwithstanding. Quite enough for my purpose." My blood boiled at the odious insolence of this old man's tone. Looking at him critically, I observed be was deeply agitated. His face waa livid, and his thin, claw-like fingers clutched the table convulsively. " I am afraid you have not passed a good night," I observed quietly. "Ok, aa to that, you are mistaken," was the reply. " My night was a brilliant suc cess. It is moving from place to place that I abhor—those wretclwl midnight changes, those hurried meals, mose abominable in conveniences of travelling, go trying when one ia no longer young. But everything is altered now. I have no longer any Occa sion for doubt or suspense. My ignorance, too, has been dissipated with rejprd to the most vital point of alL Strange that your friend has a brother. Stronger still that .the two resemble one another so miracu lously. Had it not been forjj&t; little scar over the left eyebrow my wSgwould have remained unaccomplished, after-all my pa tience and zeal. But heaven rewards the just." "Look here!" I said suddenly. "You ore a scoundrel! Vou are watching my friend, or his brother, for no good purpose. Understand, however, I-am watching you I" The man started aa though stung by an adder. "WhatI" he cried, or rather hissed be tween his teeth, " you say you are watching me?" He then suddenly assumed the affect ed laugh wfe^ had struck me on a, former occasion. " You are arte mistaken in your estimate of my character and purpose," he continued. " My interest in Mr. Hubert Chetwynd is mercenary. He owes, me money. And I mean to make him pay before many days are over, or I will know the reason why. A waiter appearing on the scene at this moment, I went out witlyrat another word in search of Lawrence. Happily, he was not far distant. I had scarcely reached the Madeleine when his .hand was on my shoulder. " Well, old man, did you sleep your bad temper away last night?" I must explain here that it was an un written law between us never to take offence, no matter what might be the provocation. We quarrelled, argued, and fought out our battles of diverse opinion like the rest of meq. Unlike the rest, however, we counted our friendship the most supreme possession in life. Liuking my arm within that of the ques tioner, we walked on in the blinding glare of the noontide sun, while he recounted the strange circumstance of his meeting with Hubert. "It was awfully funny, Soger. I went straight to a certain bridge over the river where there is a stone bench, and there, just as I had seen him in my dream, with both hands thrust into his pockets and an ugly scowl on his face, stood Hubert, look ing down into the yellow, muddy water. I would not tell another soul save, yourself," he added, " but the instant my brother re cognised me he swore a terrible oath, and struck me with ell his might. " Startled at this occurrence, for, although our last parting had beta cold, it had not born unfriendly, I was more than startled at what followed. Turning on his heel, my brother sought to escape me. The sting ing smart left by his cowardly blow was as nothing to this second insult. "I followed, not without his knowledge, for more than an hour. At last be halted and confronted me, with the moonlight shin ing full upon his face. "' Have you come for your money, Law rence?' he aaked. " I bad never heard my brother speak in such tones of utter despair in his life before. Something in his attitude arrested the stieer which would inevitably have fallen from my lips at the mention of the word money, but I put the temptation aside. "' You are In trouble,' I remarked, gravely. "'Trouble enough to sink a ship, or drown a man I' was the answer. 'I was just about to make my farewell obeisance to this caned world, and sock the anus of the beautiful Seine, when your arrival postponed my plans—for awhile.' "' There ia very little I would not do to prevent your taking such a cowardly step as that of suicide, Hubert. But if it is money you want, there I am powerless. My father, as you know, dealt the cards very unevenly in that direction. I am little short of a beggar. Still, all my sympathies are yours—tny services too,1 "' Shake hands, Lawrie, maybe for the last time I I am a beggar as well I livery penny of the Chetwynd fortune is lost. Ill gotten money—you know the o!d proverb.' "' The Chetwynd money was not ill-got ten,' I replied hotly. 'It may have been ill-spent.' "' I tell you it was ill-gotten!' he thouted, stamping his foot in a paroxysm of rage. My father left a just and honourable wiU, as well as a just end honourable najue. To vou he left the money, to me, of course, descended the land. But of v. hut use was w eat*t* to me which I could not sell I 1 wanted money—nothing but muiitfv. 1 , wuuld liave (old every brick of the man sion, every shrub in lin' coppices, every bramb!o of the hedges for ni'inrv—but t hr ' Ian' prevented me, as yau arc ,1 u«rc. So 1 forged a later vill, in which 1 inherited both property and money. I'lvery penHy of the latter Las been lost—gambling debts, horses, and the rest. Of course you can claim whut you like upon the estate. You cun repay yourself as the days go by, for 1 it's a fine properly. I alwa> s meant to leave a last dying confession of my misdeeds. Tiidced, u sealed packet awaits you at our fumily lawyer's, only to be opened upon my : death Why don't you speak, Lawrence? ' I've done inv pari towards reparation, and I intended to sleep in the Seine to-night. Vou can shoot me if you choose, i shan't flinch. I'm sick, deadly sick, of the shame and hollow mockeries of this side the grave.' " I felt it was the truth my brother was I speaking. We bad never held many views in common. He hod gone his way in life— an idle, careless, dissipated way, as it after wards proved—but the birthbond had always held us together in on outward form of friendship. " ' Why can't you speak, LawrieY I know I'm a scoundrel. Ever since I can icmem | ber we seem to have played the separate | parts of saint and sinner.' " My brother turned very pale as he spoke, and the familiar abbreviation of my name for the second time did the rest. The pas sionate hatred which had burned in my breast during the recital of his wrongdoing vanished. I broke down utterly. "' Thank God, toy dear father is acquit ted ot the crime of injustice, and the cloud | of parental unkindness removed from my path. Also, that I have been tLc meanB of Baving you from a death of shame, Hubert.' '"Thank Godl' he repeated fervently, raising his hat as he spoke—' for the child's sake I' "' Then you arc married!' I ejaculated, aghast at this further development of affairs. We had not met since my disin heritance. " ' Oh, yes I My wife is a mere child her self, and three months ago a son was born to us. It was for the little chap's sake I came over here—to Paris. 1 have always been lucky hitherto in the gay city, and thought to regain some of my Inst wealth at the tables, as bo often before. But you | know where the luck drove me to-night 1 By the way, who is that cadaverous old man under the lamp opposite?' he added, in tones of fear and suspicion. 'Here we are at my quartern. Let us finish the rest of our conversation indoors.' "' So we went in, and bad Eorae food to gether ; and now I am here, and must beg of you to let me have the sleep for which I am almost dying." Wo were pauingthrough the courtyard of our hotel, brigGTlrith flowering shrubs and little marble-topped tables, as Law rence spoke, and instinctively I looked round for the strange old man. who had haunted us both so persistently. He was not 'here. Three days after this conversation all Pans ranj* with the news of a foul murder, which had been committed in one of the low wine shops of the city, close to Notre Dame. The victim evidently belonged to the superior class of society, hence the un wonted agitation connected with his death. Some of the journals described him as darJc and middle-aged, othert as young, florid, and slightly built; but all agreed that he mi of gentle birth, and none could furnish the least doe to his identity. The murderer had completed his task with the utmost care. Mot a paper, uot a scrap of lineh, not a jewel, had been found on the body, which now awaited identification' at the Morgue. I was bending over the latest account in my own room, Lawrence baving gone out to meet his brother, for whose society he had almost deserted me of late, when what I took at first to be a madman rushed upon me. " You must come with me at once to Uib Morgue. Hubert is there 1" " But, Lawrence " I was beginning. Then t saw something in my friend's face which forbade expostulation, and mechani cally I took up my hat. On our Way to the Morgue Lawrence spoke twice. "Hubert begged me not to leave him lost night. He declared that he was shadowed every step he took by a wretched, ill-looking old man; and, some how, he seemed to know who the man was, for he trembled from head to foot with fear." The next remark startled me in spite of myself. " I was dreaming again last night, Roger; but of course I knew better than to mention such a fact to you." Lawrence's glance of reproach was more than I could endure. " I t«U you what it is, Chetwynd. You are bewitched—or something very much to the same purpose. The sooner we get out of this broiling atmosphere the better for our brains. I vote we quit the whole thing to-night, and leave your brother to return to his paternal seres." My friend's reply was to ascend the steps leading to that ghastly window, behind which the unfortunate unknown dead of Paris are exposed to the pitiless gaze of the careless passer-by. I am no lover of the horrible myself, and could not repress the sickly fnintness and shuddering disgust which stole over me as my eye fell upon a group of little children with their faces pressed close to the cruel glass. There were three terrible objectB exposed to view that day—the body of a young workman with siffna of starvation written on every feature and a great gash in his throat, the body of a woman—but I cannot even now at this distance of time dwell upon the details of this creature's loathsome appearance. Suffice it to say that in the middle of these two victims of crime and otter wretchedness reposed the form of a singularly handsome, distinguished-looking ' individual whom {though I had never before seen hint) I knew in a moment to be Hubert Chetwynd. He was lying with his eyes wide open, and his magnificent teeth glittering—in a savage or agonised grin—it was difficult to decide which. He had evidently been ahot through the heart, and'the murderer had completed his foul work by afterwards cut ting the throat of his victim. I never quite knew what immediately fol lowed on my awful discovery. A crowd gathered round us, for Lawrence had fallen to the ground in a dead swoon, and I was found leaning against the nearest wall with my eyes closed, and for the time being perfectly speechless. Such occurrences as a man fainting were common events in that special Quarter. One of the throng ran to a wine shop for brandy, another loosened Chetwynd's collar, and several others assisted to place him in a voiture which happened to be at band. He never recovered consciousness until long after, we had reached our hotel, and even then his senses were all confused and wan daring—indeed, for many days he was under the doctor's care. A month afterwarda found us travelling towards a pretty, red-roofed village in Sus sex, where stood the grand old Elizabethan mansion of the Chetwynds, whose leaded windows gleamed in the sunlight. Law rence had made an appointment to meet the family Jawyer there, and after the comple tion of his business we had arranged to resume our former al fresco life abroad. "1 shall not burden the estate by eo much as a penny," he told me, as we drove through the splendid beech avenue leading to the principal entrance. " I merely want to make arrangements for poor Elsie's com fort until the boy comes of ape. Then he will, of course, take matters into his "wu hands." "But surely," I inquired, with in„nse concern, no less than surprise—" surely you will reimbui* jouxidi^ in gar^ at kut( for tlio money your brotUer misappropn* ated V Lawrenco looked at ine for a moment io silence. Then a curious hr-;U- spread hlowly uviT his face. # "Well, I ratlitsr think he replioH at last. "You gcu, it would mean letting Klsio into the secret of her husband's dis honour 1 won't do that at any cost J" After dinner, at which the young widow was present, hawrence And Mr. Noble, the family solicitor, retired into the library to gether, and I saw no more of my friend until tic next day, their business interview . having lasted through the night. 41 We arc leaving here at once, Roger, it you have no objection," be said, in a hard* constrained voice. 1 noticed that his hand shook as he turned over the leaves of Brad- 1 shaw, and his face was deathly pale. | Hubert's poor broken-hearted widow ac companied us to tbo door, as we said good bye, imploring us to come again very soon, and crying bitterly as her glance retted on the lithe athletic form of her husband's brother. " So like and bo unlike my darling Hubert," alie kept on repeating, as we tried in vain to comfort her. 6he- was one of those fair, angelic»looking women with flaxen hair worn loosely about her shoulders, and pretty rosebud mouth— the kind of creature whom misfortune kills as surely as a knife. Lawrence, though avoiding her as much aa possible, treated her with the moat ex quisite courtesy and kindness. Dut the moment we were out of eight of Ms old home his forced composure vanished. Bury ing his head between his handtf, be leaned back in the comer of the carriage and Bobbed convulsively—entirely overmastered by the passion of consuming grief—grief in which no human sympathy could bear a part. Never again during the course of his somewhat brief existence did my friend re visit Chetwynd Hall 1 Before his death he confided to me the solution of his sudden departure from thence, together with cer tain other matters bearing upon this history. It transpired, during Lawrence's private interview with the family solicitor, that the sweet young girl-wife Elsie was in reality no wife at all! Hubert had married a farmer's daughter secretly during his college days, deserting her afterwards, and leaving her under the supposition that the ceremony of their wedding had been illegal. During her lifetime this supposition had been main* tained. She died shortly after the birth of Elsie's child, and, her true position having been discovered by her father, he swore to be revenged. Inheriting a strain of Italian blood from his mother's side, his sole end and aim in Life from the day of his daugh ter's burial was to murder her cowardly and cruel deserter. Having completed his work he disappeared, and was never again heard of. Probably the Seine swallowed him up. Of course Hubert's death rendered it im possible for matters to be placed on a proper legal footing for poor Elsie. As for thp child, heir to the lovely Chetwynd m&nion; and property—why, the Soy had no right even to bear the name. Lawrence told me the strangle between tbo two points at issue for hun had beta terrible. Hubert's sealed letter had con fessed everything. There remained to him only one of two courses. Either he must publish his brother's infamy to a sneering, scoffing world, or he must go forth once again, the penniless younger brother of the family, ana watch over the Chetwynds' in terests from afar. He chose the latter course. We resumed our old wandering life under foreign skies. Sometimes Fate smiled on us, ana oftener she frowned, but we remained for the roost part indifferent, and were as happy as the generality of mortals in our own way, until the terrible hour arrived for us to part. When Lawrence Chetwynd died there passed from earth one of the most self-sacrificing men ever created, and one of the most noble! The reader will judge this from his story. 