RICHARD BRICE, ADVENTURER. By CtA8, JUNOR, Aucthtr o " Dead Mun's Talen," &o.;, &.e, [ALL RIGHTs sESERV.D.] CHAPTER III. CONTRABAND OF WAR. PART II.-How THE ENEMY RETURNED ? THE COMPLIMENT. (Continucd.) TuIs was not exactly a flattering re ception, but it was one of our own aseaing. Evidently the martial can tain regarded the blookade-o.runnor's dangers in a purely commercial light. We were well paid for our rilsks, and no sentiment was due from the Cuban aide. As there was, no doubt, some reason in this view, and it was impos sible to resent it, I forthwith told him the object of our visit and handed him the paper we wished him to sign. He attached his name without the least demur, remarking nonohalantly that it was a very little matter to hazard our lives upon. The distriot was alive with guorilloroe (volunteere on the Spanish side) and plateadoe (conviot bands of brigands), and weo might consider ourselves lucky if we eocaped having a brash with some of them on our way back. As far as he was con corned, he was glad the Spaniarde had settled in the neighborhood, as there would now be some lively work between these gentry and the unpro etooted, contemptible pnoifiooc (non combatants), who richly decorved all that was in store for them. " Surely," I said, somewhat nettled at his airy superciliousness, " you will be glad to see this war ended, and cannot really like to hear of the in human atrooities such as the non combatauts have to boar ?" He smiled pityingly. " Pecta I yes, no doubt, it's a pity," he asented, " but it's the only way to rouse them to a sense of duty to their country, those majaces I They might as well be dead in their uts ano paying taxes. As for Don Guzman Do Valdes, it is by his sort that we are enabled to live. The supplies that his transporto bring save us expense and provide no with stores and arms. The unacolimatised Spanish soldier while alive affords plenty of employment for our hunters at very little rick, and when dead he makes exeoollent manure for the coun try, and his clothes come in pobrooito. Look at the way the miserable wretoh is robbed of his wagon and half starved." " Yes," I rejoined, "but this can't last for ever. 'The Spaniards must make an end of it soon, and then you will be singing out for America to help you, and, likely no not, will be refused." "You are mush mistaken, Amigo," he replied, leaning forward and re garding me impressively; " this war is a war waged by the Spanish sol diary, aided by the newly domesticated sivil service immigranto, traders, and other vampires, and a tofew of the croole professional .olauseOs, whose volunteer bands of guerilleros you hear so much of, againset the whole native population of Cuba, the dlito of which, being desoendanuts of the original conquietadores, are of highor aristocracy than their oppressors, and with patience Cuba can swallow all the Spaniards Spain can brooad times over. The Spanish offioers don't want to seon the end of this war, and they will take care to avoid such a calamity. It affords too good an opportunity to levy blackmail uponp wealthy pacificos and to enrich them. selves by peooulations of army supplies, commissions, and their men's wages. Also, as they got double pay when on service and promotions are quickly obtained, what state of things could be finor? Of course their pride is hurt when we boat them 0o continuously, and they hang prisoners in their spite, though we always apare the Spanish soldier-who is only the victim of of. fioial abuse. The creoloe guorilloros we of course put to the machete for inter foring in a business in which decency demands he should be at least neutral." " And, meanwhile, how do you fare ?" I interjected. "Meanwhile we are doing very well," he continued, complacently. " Our forces hold hill- looked valleys, wherein we have cattle grazing auli. ciount for years to come, and we have planted quick-growing crops, like owoet potatoes, which ripen five times a year. In the Cineago do Zapta, the great salt swamp towardc the woet on the south coast, where the Spaniards will never dare to penetrate, we have our hospitals, factories for the ropaire of rifles, stores, tanneries, and other industries. We cannot be etarved into submission, and so long ano we huosband our resources and confine ourselves to harassing our onomioe, with the minimum expenditure in men and ammunition possible, we must win in the end. At any rate we are better off now than slaving for Spain, and our discipline is not severe; we arc quite content to lot the war run on for the root of our lives." " Then you think that all muset end satisfactorily ?" I queried. "Quion Sabo ?" (it's hard to cay) he answered mueingly. . "A grave dangor is now threatening, and that in that the Cuban monied folks may lose heart when they find their cash run ning short, anid may cook intervention from outside, and that would moan, of course, annexation. 'The accounts of the sutfforicig of those unworthy paoilioo mijuaoeo, if printed in the foreign pron, will be tind by Yankee wire?lpnilleri interested in tnlban iltduotrtis, 'l'o u?, Antrinaotli initervei tion econhl do o gooidl, loi eioill a lint.iot of tr?iliuti hophioulircop ' exu lunt to noI lner flpain with thi siplluoit of hilf i'nro' ? br u hili hii r l Alter Atigi| jut i'ujthiluv,ih i9'/ i. h Ii uuh lii 1/01 t ilt I .: huh hih lt*r, t,' II. ll) I,ie,I. n! :jl1... r,l ud ,',i1,?;rj Io Itiit'ulu' I hi'.'. 'iiu 'iljI, " T , , " h-'l iI, " Ih, t 1i1 sit 1 bly i "11) ""l' : ijl r J?rql;;l I 1lem.. I,,l hl dtilnau I n 1' i i ll 11 i ,, nl # , 1i, IY i hu.tY hilll , -1t , . r l it jeu ,ulI' 1 .l . / ,, lNlt11lt1)s h lut lt?!1,, ,,ft f ill /ttI,:vI Ir commercial life would drive thevolun toeer soldior to deeds of during to ad. vaneoo himsolf in another ephere. The officore are not only competent and honest and on tormn of comradeship with their moo, but they recoognico that they owe it to their positions to let no subordinato ourpoos them in valour; and all hanpdo have beeoon trained to have confidence in them nelveo ac individualo, and are not like a mob of bronobos loot when their leador, in desoopatched. The. Yankeo coldier in afraid only of being. thought to be a coward, and no at bottom he knowe that lifo is a abort and unoati-n. factory affair to moot of no at theo boot, ho will reckon that he may just an woll die gloriously and gain a brief fame ano languish in oboourity for thebo reoot of his days. Toll Moreno be muon't hold the American soldier too cheaply becauso he isn't a trained hireling," " Porhaps," nodded Morouo, poll. toly, but with evident inward ecepti. ciem. "But what of Don Guzman, will he not be recalled and disgraced when his men are all deed, no you cay must happen ?" I rosumoad. " What will he care? By that time ho will have cent thouncade of peson to hin bank by the Havana mail packeto. Besides, what oon Spain do? Theco generalt of hero are all alike. This Guzman do Valdes goon about bis work as leisurely as it he were on a pleanure excursion. He had bis wife with him, an Engliob governess he married in Madrid. They have erected a etookado up the hill, an though they intended to camp there for their life-time. All thin work in done by the unpaid eol. dior lahiborern, while their noble com mander eite lintoning to bin family priest or to hin wife playing the har monium, when he in't planning traps to decoy our men no that we may have a few nooks for the garoto before breakfast. A magnificent soldier, truly." " But," I rejoined, insidiously, "the argument Spanish eupportere put for ward in that at any rate they have no loadern or ambitions upetarts ouch an Garcia and Gomez who imposed them solves an loadore on the Cuban aide only after they had offered their sor viena to Spain and had had them con tomptuounly rojeoted. Men who would cell their couls and their fellowo' liven to the highest bidder." I couldn't resist the temptation, and our hitherto imperturbable host's brow wrinkled in rising wrath, but further colloquy was out short by the sudden appearance of a scout, who advanoing haostily towards nus, waved bin hand in the direction of the jungle whence he had emerged, and exclaimed. " Los movilzados, the irregularo, SeBonor Capitan are coming thin way." "Vamonos, entoncea, we mast give them the slip," replied Moreno, at once rising, while everyone prepared for beating a hanty retreat. " A do. tachmont of the Spanioh irregulars is close by," he said to nus, " and it would not do to bring a crowd of them about here until you have rejoined your vessel and got her out of the way." To Felipo he recommended that we should make a clight detour on our return route, which, though approach ing the encampment at the hill-top closely, was lecn ricky than our pre vious path round which the troops wore now hovering. "Adioc, Sonoree" he nsaid, giving my hand a parting grasp, and bowing courtoounly to Dale. "Good luck to you I Muora Espona I Viva Cuba Libro I" In a few momenta they were all gone, and that was the last I over eaw of Moreno. Poor follow I He wan killed ingloriously by a falling tree, a few monthe later, and did not live to soe the fulfilment of his valedictory adjuration-the dootruction of Spain and the freedom of Caba. Once more we struck into heavy thorn-otudded but gorgeous forest wilderness. The day wan well ad. vanced, and the moisture laden atmo. ephoro wan almost unbearable. A changing golden light filtered down through the overhanging branches, but from the reeking hollowe a etif. ling heat.rot ateamed murkily up. wardeos. Brightly burnished bootles, formidable tarantulae, and other veno mon orawlore retreated from eight no we panned, and now and again the small head and beaded oyec of a jewelled enake would protrude and be no swiftly withdrawn bioning and glaring into our faces. Much of the tangle aorocn our path had now to be ldiced wearily through with machete and cutlass, and Felipo would occa sionally inquire banteringly whether we were " done up." "From the way you blow the trumpet on behalf of the American soldier, Dale, anyone would think you were a Yankee yourcolf," I observed betweoon? whilsn. " Perhaop I am ooo," ho nnoored, "but, I cny, what on oorth'o thic ?" I followod tho direotion of bio otare. It wao oonoontrated on nu old negro, who wao advanoing elowly towardo no. Ho wao a repaloivo, though harmleca looking object, but comething in hio mion or attiro coomed to paralyco Folipo, whon ho humbly onough bado uo the time of day an ho wont by and continued his way to hio guano hut in our roar, oarrying homo a ouraeco, a nort of native capon which ho had opparently nonrad for cappor. "Old dcvil of coreorer," oxolaimed Felipe, orocoing himoolf fervntly in quaking fury cc with trombling lianda he dived into the lining of hie chirt and withdrawing n couple of poouliar looking coadn began to rub them fran. ticoally inoido hic polmu, afltr which he eagorly prooced them upon no amd adjured no to immediatoly follow hie exnmple. lKnowinur that a rduenl wonld in volvo the prompt doirtlon of our guide, I iiouerled in indoonji) 1)tle u uinOifoiui to 11hi loald bliourcvojce f hu?.l:u woechip, ftetr I lnId eu. ri.d to m, it ?,?w d th.t imn., Ihat ,h,,r ai.?r.He~ ll Jhkll* by l l w~?, ?l imtt hti~ l, Imimumi , l?.?,?t mull j~i'?l.,, 1t+? dI'll 4., !llii' to happen to them before sunset nn. less they could procure sonie cayajaboa coneeds to rub into their hands, and it was the invariable onetom of all pru dent Cubans to carry a couple of these seeds to rub whenever a neque was enoountered. " Bueno I" said Felipe, after be had eoon no apply the antidote satia factorily, "Let nous hasteon along, we are now near the top of the range and the worst part of the trail will be over come when we are able to steool round the other side." To ehoop his courage alive I encour aged Felipe to talk of the tactics pursued by the diffcrentbande of bush whackers who roamed about the dis tricts where the Spaniards strove to enforce their pestilential regime. He was bitterly indignaut at the treachery of the hidalgo generolo who, after having deceived the Cubans by fair speech into discontinuing hostilities under the pretence of holding a con ference, would suddenly not upon them, ten to one, and give no quarter to the captured. All outrages inflicted upon defenooles women or helploes pacificos were attributed to the Cuban sympathisnore, whereas such doeeds were really the work of the irrrocpon uible platedon (outlaw robbers) whom the Cubano alone were honestly trying to exterminate. Every Cuban of de tached service wes supplied by his chief with a signed cedula, or pass, for identification with the cause, and, without it, any vagabond person car rying arms was promptly executed by the insurgents. Despite an amusing and wholly unconsoious air of bravado there was much ia Felipe's reasoning and narratives which we could not help admiring. In the mellow glow of the afternoon, the strange beauties of our pathway resolved themeoolves into endless transformation sceneo, with our onwards stops. Tramping on a carpet of gold and silver ferns and pushing through maiden hair sprays reaching above our knees, an enormous spider or giant wasp would hurry aside, as we brushed past bushes of flaming scarlet hibiscus, or clusters of wax-like petals of the wild stephanois and descended cataracts of deep blue begonias inter laced with glossy shoots of oak-leaf fern, from which a diminutive chame leon of metallic green and blue lizard would darte tremulously, between the massive stome of camruba and clumps of the banyan trees hugo plantain leaves hung reprovingly over bunches of pea cook anaua, ruby rod passion flower and blue sweot pon, while a pretty fly ing equirrel or mis-shapon bat peered at us, unecasily, through the palm fronds. Beneath the overhanging canopy of leaves and soaring cabbage palms, the light was indescribably oeerie as a mysterious and perpetual, rustling swept about the snake-liko lianes and unocany creepers entwining around the dead tree-trunks, tapestried with the most exquisite orchide. In the dim-boask ground of his luxuriant vegetation the phosphorescent eye of a wild cat or hideous head of an iguana would be fleetingly revealed, through the intersticos. Life, mysterious and vague, owarmed everywhere, but decay and death hung expeoctant as its haoles ; the very scounts eoamed haunted, in the atmosphore of subtle counds and flick ering shapooes. Suddenly, I saw a large hand and arm project from the wall of foliage lining our path, and, grasping Felipe, who was ahead of nous at the time, it dragged him inwards. Almost at the scame moment, a crushing blow on the head felled me from behind. I saw millions of stars, and reason and light alike left-me. When I came to, I was seated on the bare ground, with my bask lashed egainst a post, behind which my hands were tightly secured. A stranger was mopping my foae with a rag soaked in vinegar and water. I was in a small, roughly-constructed bshed, and, close by, to the left, I noticed Dale in a similar etate of bondage. Standing over me were two men; the nearer wore a military uniform of a pattern I had never soon beforo, the other the familiar black robes and hat of a Catholic priest. Behind them, some pancs slightly to my right and close to a half opoen-deoor, stood a fourth man, fumbling with a largo hey, who from time to time glanced at me curiously. They were apparently Spaniards, but in my dazed and pain ful condition I was for the time little fitted for discovering my relationship with these unaccountable surround ings. I tried to clear my throat to sopeak, but succeded only in omit. ting a few rasping gutturals. On hearing these the priest and his com panion nodded grimly, and the man beside me discontinued his adminis trations and stood up also. ARnT aI.-A DOUBLE WIHOUT QurTs. "Mind what you oay," murmared Dleo," we have fallan into the handa of Don Gumman." " Maldito porrot" (eilenao) ejaoulatod the man who had boon bathing my forehoand, awoerving neide nt the aound of the don'a name, and otriking the rooumbaot opeaker violently hereon the mouth. My heart bounded at the night of thia brutality, and with the reatored airoulation of my blood my eoneon wore inetantly righted. I now fully realized the gravity of our pro. dicament. "Sin vorguouza I" (eooundral) I eoalaimed, ineonoately writhing in my bonda till the blood moletoeod my wrieta, "you ehall pay for that. Are we in the handa of boato ?" I eon. tinued, glaring peoaionately into the fooco of my eaptora. For reply they merely nurveyed me from head to foot with 00ln dindain. " Whet ao you doeng in Ohba ?" alid the eLallowvfood man in uniform, rogarding me throateoingly anul with undia?gnuinld Ihaird, wlhile the pien'l t'n taltdy youi lj ourtehwl re lthiiugh Iud hrIS gh, iric 1 ,1 hinr1' lia iinablu i n choler, hin hi uh lh 1) iliiuici I ,Ilt (Iht a i0l, ai r thouigh in. hat iihns~l, fr, I r '' hturli n ill A iiit i m oth ,,I Ijtrhe h, t Ih . lli l, r ,,; Ihi ?.~~*l( ' 1,1 ,,'ui i ',: ii 'h/fIi b~ H liii ri I? . a'*,,: ,~t ,l j, tor; rh 'It J hi ,,, t : ?., (,ai . Ihi 1" *h bi / ,',::Jil'!h j e,!% j , a t ' !,?li~l Iv? thu? have betrayed nos? Dale, I know, was incapable of oupplying any in. formation whatever. Hod they die covered the receipt I obtained from Morono ? I could see no other courase open but to temporieo and to adopt a non.committal form of reply in the hope that I might gain some eetimnte ofthe strength of our food' information, and that they might offord Dole and me an opportunity of conferring. To gain time was everything. The softneos of our hands must show that we were not ordinary insurgents, but how account for the arms we were carrying ? " We were beingiguided towards the camp of Don Guzman do Valdeao Puert as far as I im able to roecol leoot," I answered, " but it seems that we have fallen into the hands of brigande," " Your business with him, pcay ?" continued my questioner, sternly. " That I decline to discuss in pub. lie and while wo remain in this co'n dition," I replied. "You are a cursed gang of spies, and unless you open your mouth and confeoass to name purpose without a minuteo's delay, y6u shall all be garotted out of hand," he onapped viioously. "We are British subjects." I re torted, " and no opieo. Even if we were opione, it must be clearly ehown that the object of the accusned person in to gain information for the enemy which it would be to their advantage to usnee. What information of value to your enemies are? We suspected of do siring to procure ?"" "Inifamous liar and hobnffler," he hissed, with a geotinee of uncontroll able rage, "you dare to trifle with nie ?" Turning to the priest, he added, " why he epeoako Spanish like a native I" Alas, I had overlooked my fatal fltuency in that languago, when as. enming the nationality of an alien race. "My mother was Spanish, I mut tered, " and I will explain all later on, if,you will only remove those bonds. My strength is exhausted." I lot my head fall to my chesat and clposed my eyes, as though I had .wooned again. It was determined to cay no more until I had time to think, lind the only poosible way to ovade the responsibility lay in adopt. ing thise rase effectively, but the risk was a great onie' to both of no. Almbotat the saidb instant I felt a sharp pain shoot through the toen of my left foot which was stakled to the ground near my inquisitor, but I managed to ' preserve my moribund demeanour as well ro to reotrain my startled euriosity as to the canoe. The amiabole Spaniard had (so I learned aftorwirid) thrust the point of his sword with all his foreoo through the ceritre of my boot, and leaning thereon hid completely tranofixed both upper and sole. Ae I, however, happened to be wearing a pair our boeen had lant me which were a good deal too long for my size, the blade fortunately did no more than badly graze the inside of my big too. I stdod the toot so well that noas the woeapon woas withdrawn the priest grasped his exasperated companion by the arm and protested. "Enough, the wrotaohed man is undoubtedly soensolesee. Let nous who belong to the party of law and order treat our vanquished onemies with noas little ranoour es Heaven may vouch safe. Leave these men awhile and eoe what the third fellow has to say. He may not prove eo contamactioue." "As you will, Padre," replied the soldier, " perhips you are right. The pron.will soon make a clean breast of all when the torture is applied," he conoluded with grim emphasis, "and we'll cee presently whether these carrion will prefer to confoess volun tarily or to have the truth and their tongues dragged out of their jaws at the same time." "May the saints forfend," cried the father with an intonation of pity and genuine hope that the threat might not be carried into execution. The pair then quitted our apart mont. The attendant' with the key followed, and looking the door from the outiide exchanged wordo with someone, evidoptly a soitry, who in turn received a few gruff orders from our late interrogator, and Dale and I were left to our own oompany and to such refioctions as we might be capable of sntertainitig. Conversing in undertones, we dies cused the oiroemtianoccos connected with our capture, which had been effeooted about two hours previously. A bag had boon clipped over Dale's head from behind, and though he had struggled fiercely his arme were opeedily pinioned, and after being gagged, he was forced to accompany his guard at the poiint of his bayonet Felipo being cimilirly ticated. Argu ing from my formidable size and vigorous appearence, they had stouned me, and ocrried me olung beneath a pole to the top of the hill, a compar. otivoly chort distanon and the throc of us were bundled into the guard room which we now occupied. Judg ing from our locality ned the yellow and-black., flag we noticed floating over the building, 'and from the linen, or cotton shirts and straw ohoes of our escort, Dole felt sure that we had fallen into tho clutehes of the Spani ards. Same time having olapsoed, the priect and hi ceompacion arrived upon the ocone 2" First they removed the gog from Folipo, and eobjected him to questioaing. Whatever passod the result was clearly uccatiefaotory to the visitors, to whom Felipo evidently replied so defiantly that he woo dragged out by three or four aecailonts while ])acl wiee qucootioned, of soerne witlieut etfftt. Thee I hall hoon brought renoul, aend the rest I lcnow, J 'hilro'ic jiuit , ie Oi siill itotic of ioiiOi tiioi hle eviiir,' reocookedl I ale, " lilt I sliisc't ole' liiii It 'Orbit uol|lit ii: i'ihlii cii riilicd liiio Irisioo+:i fiwlh, urnrt tliit lii, thut3 llouiithil threy r11110 lii eli ,ltiy 1111 lii, l l O, 11"1, ?i l ou, t ',1?l , 1/11,' itt:* I{ ' 1.11 1 t'~hit. l Iillll 'iii ! llll' "ho blesoed gun is lying against the calf of my leg in my long boot." Then we disoaused our position in all ito bearings. Apparently the proeence of the Annette woo still unouspected, and provided Felipo wao otaunob, she would be able to get away safely. But here our hearts conk to the depths of despair; shbe would oail without uo. It was now nearly dark and it wan against all probability that Jervis would do. liy his departure on our acoonnt. Even if Felipo did turn traitor it would not save bin nook. I well knew the treanohery of Spain; he would be promised n pardon and then oorifiood. Would he realise this ? At any rate it wans to be hoped he would withhold all information till the ohip had time to elear out. There wasn't a'ghost of a ehow of our being resconed. Even if we soneoeded in eouaping into the woods we must be reonaptured or at booest perish in our ignorance of bush oraft or the provoritivee necooossary to avoid the perils of its elimatoo and venomous inhabitants. "How would an appeal to the olemonoy of Don Guzman go ?" at last inquired Dale, after we had ex haunoted all sources of inspiration to wordo freedom. (2To be continued.) 