' CHRIST CHURCH. Tho Rev Geo. Pennicott, successor to Minor ' .Canon' ' Sutton,' was last night inducted as incumbent of the parish of Castlemaine. There were present Archdeacon .M'Cullagh (Bendigo), Minor Canon Sutton (Balaclava), Revs E. H. .' Scott (Kangaroo Flat), R. H. Potter (Maldon), C. H. Zercho (Malmsbury), T. Redhead (Fryerstown and Chewton) Stipebdary. ' Reader Miller ; and lay readers Lord, Homer and Murdoch. The processional hymn was " Onward Christian Soldiers." Minor Canon Sutton read the prayers and sang the preces to Tallis's Ferial setting ; the choir giving the responses devotionally. - After singing the 121st Psalm, the Rev E. H. ' Scott read the first lesson. The choir sang Tour's "Magnificat." in F. Rev C. H. Zercho read the second lesson. ' " The choir sang Tour's "Nunc Dimniittis" in F. The choir also sang with good effect Barnby's beautiful anthem, " I will give thanks," the fine quartette' being well sung by Miss Trevascus (soprano), Mrs Rackstrow (alto), Mr Hobaon - ' (tenor), and Mr R, Gardiner' (bass). ' The Rev T. J. Redhead then read the Bishop's charge. - . \- Archdeacon M'Cullagh, in the unavoidable absence of the Bishop, gave a discourse on the 13th chapter of St Mark's gospel 10th" verse, :- ;l " And unto all nations must the.gospel be preached." He congratulated the congregation ' in having such a good successor .'to their late incumbent ; he had worked well in .the charge he had left and would, no'doubt, work well. in. his new, sphere of labor. The Rev R. H. Potter;then read the. Bishop's mandate, which Archdeacon M'Cullagh pre sented to IheRev Mr Pennicott, saying, "Be thou a faithful minister of God's Holy 'word: and sacraments, and a ' faithful7 pastor under the '' great Shepherd of souls." He then charged the '- congregation to assist the new minister zealously " and loyinglyin all the .duties of bis holy call-., ing. 7 ' ' -After silent .prayer for a time, the congregation:1 .7 joined the choir in' singing. " Yeni Creator," better known as the hymn '.'.Come -Holy; Ghost, ... our souls inspire." 7 n .v. ; . ... '7: , The ; Archdeacon-. :havin? 1 pronounced, the: ; Benediction, the impressive ceremony ter-: v : minuted. — : -. ' Mr 0. T.- Hasler," the conductor and organist, is to be complimented on the excellence: of the. music rendered. ; 