SPIRITUAL LIFE : HOW WE MAY FOSTER AND DEEPEN IT IN OURSELVES AND IN THOSE TO WHOM WE MINISTER. Read by The Ven. Abchdeacon Beamish, D.D., LL.D., before the Ruridecanal Chapter of Geelong. An invariable condition of spiritual life, without which it cannot exist, is faith in things unseen and eternal ; and this faith must not be a mere inferring by the mental powers of facts and principles whereof the reason and judgment approve, nor even an appreciation by the moral faculties of the value and importance of what is felt to be eminently true and good ; for though we may satisfy ourselves that the men who have attested the chief events on which Christian doctrine is solidly founded are witnesses, every way so trustworthy that he who can believe them to have been either deceivers or deceived must be of. the most ravenous credulity, and though we esteem of deep interest and of enduring importance what they have affirmed and what they have advised, yet unless or until our characters and our lives, our feelings and affections, shall be brought sensibly under quickening, sanctifving influence, the proper evidences will be wanting that there is any spiritual life in us. We may justly estimate the claims and be quite aware of the excellence of Christianity, and yet it may have no effect in warming or purifying our hearts, or in shaping or ordering our actions. Nicodemus reasoned rightly that Jesus came from God, and he was eager to hear more of the heavenly message ; but our Saviour, before gratifying his curiosity, intimated to him that it was not teaching so much as life that he wanted. The experience of the old Roman, who fully recognised and thoroughly approved of what was worthy of being admired and pursued, though he was free to acknowledge himself quite untrue to his principles and convictions, has been over and over again repeated. To whatever cause we may attribute, to whatever source we may trace this incon sistency, whether it be owing to the sluggishness of our moral nature, to th^e hardness and coldness of our hearts, to the perversity of our inclinations, or to the weakness of our wills, we must, to our sorrow, admit that there are those whose faith, so far as intellectual and moral perceptions of what is true and good go, seems less movable than mountains, and who, nevertheless, are passing through the world barren and unfruitful, showing little or no outward and visible sign of inward and spiritual life. Yet we surely cannot help assuming that sound knowledge and correct judgment in matters so momentous as truth and holiness are most precious boons, and augment unspeak ably the power, and therefore the responsibility, of those who possess them. Let us then ask, Who are they to whom pertains the secret of extracting from them the blessings they are meant and fitted to yield ? In whom do they prove effectual means of exciting and fos tering high and holy sympathies and aspirations, of refining and hallowing at its source the whole inner life with its feelings, its affections, its desires, as well as of adapting to pure and pious uses and rendering subservient to noble ends the manifold streams of practice ? Such, we may confidently answer, are they who, not content with possessing the ability to be the light of the world and the salt of the earth, are careful to let their light shine before men, and to diffuse around them a wholesome, hallowing Saviour. Such are they who would shrink from suffering the light that is in them to be obscured, and would eschew with loathing insipid Christianity. For theirs is the faith which we are taught to esteem indispensable in those who would be qualified for or receptive of spiritual blessings ; and the faith of which such excellent things thus are spoken is an eager and an earnest thing, full of life and love, and, like all living, loving things, waxing ever more and more. The truly faithful man, out of the good treasure of his heart, bringeth forth that which is good, and the good which he brings forth mightily increases the treasure within ; like the five barley loaves and two small fishes which, after feeding and satisfying 5000 men, with women and chil dren, afterwards sufficed to fill twelve baskets full. For this bread which, in the hands of the disciples, as they passed it round to the people, so greatly increased and multiplied, has ever been esteemed a meet type of the grace of Christ in the heart of man : the more it goes forth upon others, the more it seeks to communicate itself, by so much the more full and rich will it become, causing him in whom it thus works by love to abound not only in good works, but also in righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost ; and with how intense an interest and how deep a thankfulness ought we to recog nise this great principle — that the graces of the Spirit grow and flourish in proportion as they are exercised and diffused, since our proper business, our peculiar vocation, is (to use a phrase not more popular than expressive) to break the bread of life to the people of Christ, to feed, with food convenient for them, hungring souls, and to study a d strive if by any means we may be able to excite and foster a longing for spiritual gifts and graces in languid, listless souls, liable to be lured by such baits as the world, the flesh, and the devil lay in their path ; to be besotted by such wretched opiates as the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eye, and the pride of life ; prone to seek satisfaction in vain things that cannot profit ; dull to discern the beauty of holiness ; slow to relish the means of grace, or to cherish the hopes of glory. If it be true that saintliness is to be found in doing one's work, what ever it may be, faithfully and thoroughly, should it not comfort us to remember that the work it has been given us to do is, in its own nature, of the most elevating and refining character ? and may we not expect special grace to be with us, special blessings to be bestowed upon us, if sincerely, earnestly, devotedly, we apply ourselves to it ? Have we not been called and commissioned to be fellow- workers together with Christ in advancing a cause which lies so near to His heart that for its sake He mingled among the miseries of this fallen world, died upon the bitter cross, submitted to the dishonours of the tomb, rose self- revived from the dead, and ascended up on high, there to be our Advocate with theTather, our ever-prevailing Intercessor _? Let us seek to have vividly before our minds, in all its fulness of comfort and encouragement, the parting promise left by Jesus with His disciples as He sent them forth to baptise and to teach in His name, 'Lo, I am with you alway,' &c.; And it were impossible to suggest any other consideration more calculated to give depth to our religious feelings and fervour to our thoughts and words, or one more likely to help us to experience something of the mind which was in Christ Jesus, of the love of Christ which passeth knowledge, and of the life which is hid with Christ in God. The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom. Without the fear of the Lord there is no soundness in any of us ; without some recog nition oi me juivine presence, ana some sense 01 awe ana reverence as becomes the finite in the presence of the Infinite, and the sinner in the presence of the Holy One, our lives do but tend to folly and vanity. In proportion as men succeed in drawing nigh and living near to God, in consciously keeping their hearts and lives beneath the searching scrutiny of His all seeing eye, too pure to look upon iniquity, they will know experi mentally what it is to guide and rule themselves consistently with their proper nature, origin, and destiny; as becomes moral and religious beings, they will be able to look back with satisfaction, and to look forward with confidence, for they will carry within a witness that ever and anon will testify that theirs is that thrice- blessed boon bequeathed by Christ — a peace which this world, however vain and vexing, can neither give nor take away. But while other men's ordinary pursuits necessitate trains of thought and courses of action which may be followed without reference to the prespnce or the will of God, it is otherwise with us. Our proper studies and daily duties keep constantly reminding us how wholly we have to look to Him for light, to lean upon Him for support ; how helpless and hopeless we should be unless associated with Him in the way of closest intimacy. We should indeed have but little confidence to speak in His name did we not trust that He puts words in our lips. When we strain our minds to think what we shall say and how we shall say it, the task would be a hard and heartless one were we not assured that His spirit ever works with and within us, to move our feelings, to kindle our affections, to suggest our thoughts and enable us to utter them. We are privileged to approach much more nearly than other men the standard of the Apostle who would have us to bring into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ. In common with all Christians, we have been bought with the precious blood of Christ, and are pledged to glorify Him with our bodies and our spirits, which are His ; but to us it specially pertains to live with Him in His house, to admire His beauty, to magnify continually His great name. To us as to others Christ gives grace to heal and sanctify, to strengthen and refresh our souls ; but He also takes and uses us as means of grace whereby other men may be saved from sin, and quickened and sealed unto life eternal. If by the most convincing and moving arguments drawn from the affection of earthly parents choosing for their offspring things suitable and good, He makes plain to us the willingness of our heavenly Father to provide what is best for His children here by giving His Holy Spirit to all who ask Him, how much more may we expect His gracious influences to be poured out in large measure upon us if we sincerely and fervently crave them in the hope that what we receive we may be able to impart ; that, through the grace given to us, sinners may be saved, saints may be edified, and Christ may be glorified ! Ought we not, then, with all the intensity of which we are capable, try to keep two things steadily before our minds — one, that the soundest, safest, surest means of deepening and sweetening our spiritual consciousness is to set ourselves to stir up the grace that is in us, to exercise that so we may invigorate and increase our faith by diligently doing our duty in the station of life to which it has pleased God to call us, ever leaning upon Him, without whom nothing is strong, nothing is holy. And whatever may be the drawbacks of our worldly condition, let us be comforted by the thought that following no other calling could we have equal facilities for bringing and keeping our characters, our habits, our lives, under renewing, refining, sanctifying influences ; in no other walk of life could we hope to draw so close to God, to so intimately acquaint ourselves with Him, to so con fidently claim His special help, His peculiar blessing. Occupied as, in the faithful discharge of our duties, we must be habitually with . thoughts which it costs us much pains and patience to so arrange in our minds and express in words that they may be at all worthy of the subject - that by means of them we may suitably set forth the claims of Christianity, induce men to listen to its teaching and to acknow ledge its power — ought we not with all diligence, by holy medita tion and prayer, to keep our hearts in unison with voices. from above, susceptible of sacred feelings and heavenly affections, in closest com munion with Christ. For it is by thus keeping our souls in patient waiting and watching for Divine assistance, by welcoming and cherish ing every movement of our minds, every influence upon our spirits which may seem to have heaven for its source and God for its author, that we shall pass with most comfort those hours which are spent in the retirement of our studies, and that we shall be best prepared to deal faithfully when brought into immediate contact with the souls for which Christ died. And. as regards our general converse with those committed to our charge, ought we not to esteem ourselves highly favoured in that we can almost claim as a right (for duty requires us) to commune with them about spiritual things. We believe in the communion of saints ; and not only may we, as ministers of Christ, live in close and constant communion with Him, it is also our privilege to discuss, with all who profess to be His, topics suggested by Christian knowledge and experience. On such subjects, with respect to which many even good and pious men are reticent, by virtue of our office we may speak, with delicacy and tenderness indeed, lest we should needlessly hurt the feelings or wound the susceptibilities of those with whom we have to do, but yet with little fear of being mis understood. So little are we likely to lose men's confidence by putting them in remembrance of the truths they ought to lay to heart, of the '. feelings they ought to cherish, of the lives they ought to lead, that we probably could not take a surer way of losing all hold upon them than by ignoring or evading in our intercourse with them such matters as Christian faith and duty. There are, perhaps, many whose careless, carnal lives show little sympathy with what is not of the earth, earthy, and yet who have known what it is to loathe pomps and vanities, and to yearn after a higher life. Perhaps those better feelings and sensibilities which once had force to sway them might need only the gentle pressure of persuasive words and kindly sympathy to come back with power to their hearts and consciences, causing them to appreciate as they never did before the claims of virtue, the beauty of holiness, the excellence of a career characterised by piety towards God and benevolence towards men. Thus even in the case of one who seemed to have but little of the saint about him, seeking with tenderness and discrimination we may find sufficient from which to develop a Christian character, to evolve a Christian life, to elicit appreciation of fellowship in the communion of saints. But I may not refrain from noticing that whoso would be of use to men by helping them to rectify what may be wrong, to strengthen what may be weak, to supply what may be wanting in their principles or practices, attempts the kindest and best, but at the same time the most delicate and difficult, office which it is possible for one to perform for another. Men may be sorely dissatisfied with the lives they had led or are leading, eager for hints or helps whereby they might aim at higher ends and live to better purpose, and yet when we go to , them to advise them for their good, they may repel our advances and scorn our counsel. Yet this may not be' owing to any indisposition on their part to receive correction, but because of its not being offered at the right time, in the right way, by the right person. The one preparation which we want before we need hope to do much good in dealing with men's faults and failings is suggested in our Blessed Lord's own wonderful words, so charged with deepest wisdom, ' Cast out first the beam out of thine own eye ; then shalt thou see clearly to pull out the mote out of thy brother's eye.' Let us first get the better of the sins which most easily beset our* selves, whatever they may be, and what we shall learn and shall suffer in that most bitter strife will qualify us to sympathise with all who are oppressed with evil, and to minister successfully to minds and souls diseased with error, or prejudice, or sin. I have thus proposed as means of deepening and strengthening our spiritual life — 1st. That we stir up and exercise the grace that is in us by intense devotion to the proper duties of our calling. 2nd. That we make much of the special blessings guaranteed to us as ministers of Christ if we be but true to ourselves, true to our calling, and true to Him who hath called us ; that is to say,, that we look and long for the f ulfilment of Christ's promise in a large outpouring upon us of Christ's Spirit until we receive as did those of old, of whom we read that, to qualify them for the offices to which they were appointed in the Church, they were filled with the Holy Ghost, and that we, by all means, seek to realise the intimacy of relationship in which we are joined to Christ, since He has chosen us to speak in His name and to minister to His saints. 3rd. Let our faith be earnest in the communion of saints as a mighty means of deepening, widening, strengthening spiritual life in the Church and in each individual Christian, and let us be slow to despair of any member of our communion, but rather hope to find, under even the most unpromising exterior, some germ of good which, by careful culture and under fostering influences, may be so developed as to leaven the man's whole character, and make his life a blessing to himself, and afruitful source of blessing to others. For thrice and four times blessed are they who love to gather up and nurse, that they may increase and expand all seeds of Christian faith, all pulsations of Christian feeling and life. For they who thus seek good can scarcely fail to find it. With the merciful they -shall obtain mercy; benefiting or blessing others, they shall be abundantly blessed them selves. Let me only add that in making these suggestions I feel painfully conscious of being in the position of one whose practice falls sadly short of his preaching. My reason for recommending them is not that they have been suitably illustrated in my own public or private ministrations, but simply that any progress I have made, any comfort I have known, any success I have had as a Christian minister, have been very much due to keeping steadily before my mind and close to my heart considerations like those which I now humbly offer. 