Short Story. Otto Williard. A Reminiscence. By G. M. HAY WARD, in "Home .Notes." (Concluded.) Y. I ought hardly to say, though, that nothing came of Williard's friendship _4\f (or Miss Mainwaring, for we all of us xelt tolerably certain a month or two later, when he began to make arrange ments for a leave to England, that the influence of the fair Rosamund was at work. He went from Burrapur, our unex pressed good wishes for hi» success going with him, and a few weeks later an unexpected opportunity for a holiday took me as well to England, and I heard something more of Williard. He had taken for the season a small place called Grey Court, in Hampshire, where there was some fishing -and shooting, and here It was he made the acquaintance of his sons. Fred, the eldest, was then in the Buffs, and got leave to be at Grey Court the greater part of the time his father was in England, while the two others, both successful candidates for the Indian Civil Service, were home from Cam bridge. Where Mrs. Drummond had bestowed herself at this time I never thought it worth while to ask. The sons were good-looking, tall lads, fair, and more like their mother's than their .father's family. Yet they had vigour and muscle about them, clearly an inheritance from himself, with their good looks. They were sons of whom even an exacting parent, might have been proud. . But if, as I was to see later, there were now disappointments tund fric tions between the father and sons, these things were the outcome of the inevit able condition of things, and not be cause either one or the other feb short \- of the high standard each .had set up. VI. The Willards had been«at Grey Court about a month when I got home. Contrary to any expectation of mine, Otto no sooner heard of my arrival than he wrote inviting me down- for some shooting. The position between father and sons was pretty well established when I got there. I noticed at once that the young men seemed to appre ciate their father's society, and were visibly not a Tittle preud of him ; yet they, treated him with rather a strained deference and respect that had no real . affection in It. There was a life-long grudge between them. I traced the work of Mis. Drum mond here, and Williard was' not the man to make a hid for any good will which, was not entirely spontaneous. He had dropped into a tolerably easy way with them, half-brotherly, h'alf- fatherly. and would have been on the best of terms with them, and in. the receipt of their most unlimited respect, if the shadow of their neglected re lationship had not ever hovered be tween them like a ghost. . It was a thousand pities they were related, they would have .male such excellent casual friends. I recollect now a remark of. Will lard at dinner my first evening there, it somehow brought back the half obliterated vision of Miss Rosamund to my memory, and set me wondering if he had done anything since his arrival in England to advance his suit with her. Williard's youngest hoy waB called Otto, after him, a name his friends, harking back, perhaps, to grandmotherly times, .corrupted into " Tottle." Williard violently disliked this, and he had his own emphatic way of saying so. " Why do you make such ii— fool of the feTlow ? ' Tottie ! I tell you once for all to stop it. It's enough to spoil the boy's prospects in life !" Then his tone changed. " No need to thhik you are poaching on my preserves. There are few enough people who'll ever won't to call me ' Otto' again." The talk languished. The young men did not relish the authoritative tone, while I could not help . wondering if Miss Mainwaring would ever care to claim the privilege, and call him by the name of which be spoke. \- 'My speculaftSoUB tooneernta g the young lady were partly satisfied next morning by Fred WiUtod, who, it seems, had made Rosamund's acquaintance at Dover soon after her return from India. He told me It was she who had recom mended Grey Court to them, and that they frequently met her now, as she was visiting some cousins at a neigh bouring place. Whether Fred at all suspected. his father's admiration of the young lady I was not able t) detect I imagine not for Fred was a plain- spoken youth, and doubtless would have mentioned it since he kne v T had met Miss Mainwaring at Burrapxr. I liked the young soldier, Fred, the best of all Williard's sons. He reminded me of what his father was in India, and away from his en cumbrances, though Fred owned a re markable amount of bluff candour in great contrast to WlHiard's eternal reti cence. During the next few days we saw Miss Mainwaring and her cousins many times. They came to tennis at Grey Court, and we went out to shoot over the uncle's preserve, when the young ladies came out and 'joined ns. Rosamund seemed more bewitcliioigly pretty than ever, but I confess Wil- liaird's behaviour with her puzzled me. His reserve and quiet seemed to con centrate themselves In her presence, though I noticed he still took as great a delight In watching 'her briglrt per sonality and gay little ways ns of old. and that once his face lighted up with a radiant look of pleasure which was positively boyish when she 'came round by him and examined bis gun. With her little ganu'tlteted hands hold ing the stock, and her half serious, half mischievous eyes meeting his wholly grave, earnest ones, she reminded him of the "leopard incident," and "how you saved my life." ""Not yours, Miss .Main waring, only a .poor wretch of a syce's. I never Wad. the happiness to 'do so much for you. Tou were too grateful, that was all. You made too much of Ah, Miss Mainwaring, 'it was I who owed some-, thing that day to you." 1 hardly caught the words, but I saw his glance linger in hens. She laughed uneasily, orM let 'her long lashes droop to hide affeves. ' And this gun—is ft die same sort V Show yours to me, too, please !" She turned away with a sort of petulance towards Fred. Williard leant, back on his' elbow. We were picnicking on a bank under the lee of oi nut copse: He took his cap off. and thrust back his thick' dark hair from off his- forehead, and I noticed tie did not even look at Rosa mund "Main waring again. Night, after nig.nL I heard him pafeing li$s smoking- room floor till almost day break. and more than : once a strong temptation came over me to get up and go down to him, to tell liim he was a fool to 'thus hesitate, and assure him that that handsome face of his. his splendid physique, should win a way for liim In a feminine heart a great deal more difficile than that of Miss Rosamund JLalnwaiiing. It was well enough, though, to think out such thoughts to their logical con clusion in my solitude, it was another niia'trer to approach with them a man like Otto Williard. I confess I begain 'to regard liim as rather a. fool to act as .li'e did, and even now it has never been satisfactorily cleared np for me Whether ;it was simply doubt of Oris power to win the girl in the face of some obstacles, or whether it was the suspicion of a some tiring graver, more serious, still, which held him iKick from her. For 'myself I never had had the least doubt of Rosa mund's willingness to accept him until one Sunday— I recollect, it was the second Sunday of my stray at Grey Court. I Was strolling to the Fir Walk, which connected Williard's place and tkait of Rosamund's uncle, when I came in sight of .the unmistakable forms of the young lady amd Fred Williaird sitting together after a fashion, that was un equivocally lover-like. The truth flash ed on me In an Instant - I .realised ihow blind I had been. I re called a. score of circumstances to cor roborate iny sudden fear. I went back to the house, for Fred and his companion had been much too engrossed in their own society to notice me, "bearing witili me a very heavy heart indeed for poor Williard, and railing the two young people I left be hind rote iin the Fir Walk rather gra tuitously a couple of selfish fools. A few nights after my discovery in the Fir Walk young Otto and I were leaning out over "the balcony of the billiard-room, when wo wore a ware sud denly that Fred and Rosamund wore talking together iin the garden below. I hardly realised wba't tihoy were say ing till Otto oliserved. with more accuracy than elegance, that " Old Fred was awfully gone on Rosie Mainwar ing," and them their remarks arranged themselves into some sort of sequence to. any carls. " It's so easy to go to a man like your father'. Fred. He's' .so young— he'll sympathise and say 'yes in ii moment 11m sure. It rant l>e so long ago since 'he felt like we do himself, you know," JListe Rosamund was saying, and then Fred answered her : "Young fathers aren't such 'unmixed blessings, my darling, I can tell yo<u ! It's not so many days ago I was pre cious jealous of my own father, do you know ? I thought he was nearly ate much fa love with you as a certain humble somebody else, who'd make a very poor show in the field by the side of him. Eh; my little girl ?" " Oh, Fred, you silly, silly thing !" And then there followed a ripple of merry laughter as the two disappeared among the shadows. Young Otto joined to the laugh quite openly, add ing : " Good old Fred; he's too' proud of himself to make any secret of how that land lies !" ate I made some speech about our having no business to over hear' their conversation thus. About a week afterwards, coming down to dinner in answer to the early gong, I found Fred and his fa ther alone .in 'the drawing-room. Wiilliard had his hand on the young fellow's arm, and was talking to him in hlis naturally deep-toned, quiet voice, but there was a troubled look in 'his eyes, and a nervous, contracted strain about the eyebrows and mouth, which I had never seen before, and which Fred apparently did not observe. . Guessing the subject of their talk, I was closing the door again, with a view to beating a hatety retreat, when Wil liard railed to me : " Dont go, Jones. You ought to lie one -of the first to hear the news. " This fellow, Fred, is— engaged- going to marry— 'Miss Mainwaring," and then he added, clasping and un clasping his fingers round a- little statuette on ttlie mantelshelf as he spoke, " I have done so little all their lives for these sons of mine, Jones, it. seems a sort of duty to make this boy 'happy now. He's a trifle young for it 'to be sure, but " " You were young yourself, sir, once under the same circumstances," Fred blundered. "Yes, I was young once myself," Wil liard saiid, " and I suppose now I am learning wiia t it moans to be old:" The words of congratulation I uttered must have had a very trite, unreal sound, and I totally forget how Fred replied to them. At .the time T felt completely stunned by this crude in terpretation of Williard's recent con duct, and irritated beyond measure at Fred's sublime ignorance of the sacri fice made on IMS behalf. I stood, and stared at the father and son, looking, I 'have no doubt, an absolute fool, ate I tittered my incoherent congralfcula- tions. It was a welcome relief to all of us when the dinner gong boomed out. again. I held my peace, and made my mind .up ail 'that evening, and when the household 'liad retired I went boldly, and boarded Williard to his smoking- room. I knew, of course, I was weeks too late— yet. I felt, for once I must, speak I my mind out. | I thought Williard looked more like an old man than I had ever seen him ! as I opened the door, and found him j sifting by the table, his hand across ' the book he was not attempting to read. I a:nd life 'handsome face shadowed by i the green shade of the lamp, j lie looked np, and raised his eye brows — clearly lie had no particular desire for my society, j I lighted a pipe, and smoked a minute 'in silence. "Williard," I said then, " what in the world is the meaning of this engagement of Fred ? What are you thinking of ? It's absurd, totally absurd." I looked at him, and lie met my -eyes steadily, and knew perfectly what it was they implied. .At last Williard stood up and lean; his shoulder against the bronze on the mantel-shelf. He half closed his eyes, and smiled. "I don't think I should have asked you here, Jones, old man, If I had known how tilings would end. It's a strange ending. God knows." He walked up and down the floor, and then by-aud-by went on in a more natural tone : "Just consider, Jone6, my friend, the sort of parent I have been contented to be to those boys. They've never liad a soul to love ihem siueetheir mother died. I owe a good deal to them. " But why do we talk of it ? You mean well, Jones, : but a. man ran get on best without talking sometimes. You don't, mind leaving me to myself, do you ? Good-night. I hope they make you comfortable here— sett after you, and all that sort of thing." He gave me his hand, and I went away, not in the least offended at my dismissal, only sick at heart, and fur ious with all the world excepting him. From that night Williard buried his f vlings very successfully. He was a little quieter and sterner, I thought. Otherwise there was no change for anj- one to notice. 'I was the only one who was not abso lutely astonished when, somewhere about this time, he announced his in tention of cutting short his leave by a couple of months. I am told he made his "will and settlements, which set everything straight and comfortable for the young people, though I believed Fred con sidered the lectures, and admonitions he was also made the recipient of. very superfluous talk, and Rosamund felt, herself defrauded of her just dues since her future father-in-law at parting never bestowed upon her the paternal kiss of benediotion she clearly had a right 'to expect Williard made some hearts supremely happy, these shortcomings notwith standing. and he never shadowed any one's existence by the knowledge of his own sacrifice. He went back to his work in his quiet, characteristic way ; only the Bur rapur people wrote home reproachfully to ask what we had. been, doing to the collector, to send him back to . them an old man. Williard never wrote much to me. He and I knew too much about each other to venture henceforth to lie very communicative. Things have changed with all of us. and reading my " Times" this evening I came across a paragraph announc ing the death of Sir Otto Tremaine Williard. K.C.R.J. He had received honours and decorations and many re cognitions of his merit since the old Burrapur days. Still, I say it as one speaking witii authority, Williard was a braver, truer- hearted man than most men realised. That paragraph, stating so briefly how he lived and how now lie has died, has awakened these memories. 