AN INJURED GHOST. — ? ?— — ? ??-';? »- JBy Ernest Favenc) i ^. -N abandoned sta ?&? StiA- ^on is about one rfv If \ °* *ke mo9t deso /\m»rl late camps one tomgmA *? can find for the nBp»!VJi night . The cor ^tS. |fl ^j '*« Posts of the Jwfelfili9 ' old buildings, the /y^il^aaaC Jjes ruined fences '{ffiBaZiSUS* lowing tue posl aOKHneH^^W ' tions of paddocks ^///Jl'lttM^ or stockyards, and ''TOlTO'SS , Perhaps a plot of ^—^J^^^Tj^^ old garden over ^^^^ run with grass JJL^ ^ and weeds, all -*^ ? combine to make One think of ghostly visitors. Saddest of all Is it when one or two graves, fallen into disre pair, tell of those who have gone on to the main camp. Such niinof troubles as an ab sence of firewood and an appreciable number of fleas are merely ordinary Incidents. Perhaps the ruins of an old rotfdside inn, with its heap of 'dead marines' is more .pa thetic still, telling of brief joys and squander ed cheques and bitter repentance and ruined lives. Such a skeleton stood on the bank of one of the Northern Queensland rivers. The road had been taken to a better crossing, and the traffic had consequently shifted. There were a good many graves at the abandoned shanty— so many as to make a respectable cemetery. Of course, there were many tales current as to the amazing fortune made by the former publican in what is always known as 'the good old times.' Is there any district in Australia that has not had its 'good old times?' Some allowance must be made for the embroidery of age.* Probably the good old times were the cause, of as much grumbling as the present ones. It was a matter of faith and belief, however,7 that the owner of the one time Nine-mile Crossing pub. amassed wealth, and subsequently withdrew into private life, Tinder a rather dark cloud of suspicion over the death of one of the occupants of the graves, who was well and popularly known as 'Long Tom.' As to others who had taken up a per. manent residence at the other occupied graves at the Nine-mile CrossiDg no particular suspicions were entertained. They were sim ply the victims of a good honest outbreak of a drinking lust on top of a constitution enfeebled by malarial fever and other incidents peculiar to a tropical climate. With regard to 'Long .Tom's' death the case was different. Rumor said that Old Man Joker, which was the fami liar name of the former keeper of the place, Jiad deliberately poisoned Long Tom. Of course the thing was never proved, and Old Man Joker retired into private life in another colb» ny, and became an alderman or churchwarden, or something equally appropriate. It came about on one night in December that a passing swagman had occasion, pressed by necessity, to camp on the site of the abandon ed Nine-mile Crossing. All went well with him until about daylight, or a little before that time. In fact the swagman, who had a poetic Imagination of his own, described the time as the first blush of dawn. Anyhow .he awoke to the fact that sitting at the smouldering em bers of his camp fire was somebody who should not have rightly been there. The trespasser was tall and gaunt; he was squatting on his haunches in the most approv ed of bush attitudes, and he was mumbling to himself in a very disquieting manner. Stammers, the swagman in question, turned1 down the blanket from his face, and looked upon his uninvited guest in a mixed mood of fear and indignation. At last he aroused himself sufficiently to make the ordinary remark of 'Good day, jnate,' which he felt was entirely inadequate to the occasion. The figure at the fire turned lack-lustre eyes upon him, and remarked, 'It was bluestone did it.' There seemed no coherency In this, but Stam mers saw that the thing crouching over his fire was a horrible, shrivelled corpse: A thing in which the only signs of life remaining were a pair of phosphorescent eyes. The truth came home to Stammers that it was no good shout ing or -screaming; there was nobody witMn hail, and he was being interviewed by a ghost In these circumstances he plucked up courage, and addresed the gruesome being. 'I don't quite understand you,' lie remark ed quaveringly. 'Bluestone did it, I said,' returned the phan tom; 'that's plain enough.' 'No doubt,' said Stammers, 'but it's not ex plicit.' He was astonished himself, as he remark ed afterwards, at his command of the English language. 'Perhaps not,' said the appearance, 'but if you have time. I shall consider myself honored by your listening to me.'- Stammers after wards admitted that the ghost of Long Tom was the most polite ghost he had ever met, which, considering that he had never met any ghosts before, was a gracious admission. At any rate, as he told the story, the ghost was eminently polite, and worthy of a better end. 'It is a long while since,' said the ghost, 'land there are few people oome along this road now, so that I have scant opportunities or making my grievances public. I wish to state that my death was quite unfair—in fact, it was *cronk' altogether, to use a vulgarism. Old Man Joker and I had a standing grievance which we never could settle. It was a dispute about the best method of curing sore backs on horses. I always advocated a weak solution of bluestone. Joker would not hear of it. I never could understand why he always got so angry when I mentioned the subject, until one day when there were a lot of fellows abouS, one of them burst out laughing, and said, 'You don't like to hear about bluestone, do you, Joker, you use too much of it in your ruin.' 'Joker said nothing then, but when I came to think over the matter, I^judged Joker must have always thought that I had been preach ing this bluestone cure on purpose to annoy him. 'I must tell you that after this man's remark Joker got very morGse and sullen, and that the graves increased at a fine rate; but I never dreamt that anything would happen to me. Joker and I were such old friends. One day I was stopping here,? and had -a, cheque to spend, and, of course, Joker and I became very ' friendly. One day he said to me, 'Tom,' he says, 'you keep harping on that bluestone rac- ket in a way that really annoys me. Give it best, old man!' Now, I assure you that I had not mentioned the word bluestone for a month or more. Well, Joker kept chawing this over, and at last he brought an old hat- rack of a horse, and he says, says he, 'Now, Mister Tom, you're such a blooming swell at curing horses' sore backs, just cure this one.' It was a real old 'set-fast' the horse had, but I replied, 'Joker, I can mix up some bluestone which will put him right if you give him a spell, and don't run the hind legs off him.' ^'Joker only laughed, but that night he came to me, and said, 'Have a^drink, old man,' and I bad one. ? ' ' 'Now,' says Joker, 'that's the last drink you'll ever have. That's the dressing for tlie horse's sore back you have just drank, and bless me if you could tell it from rum!' ,. 'Then I went away and died, and Joker is all£e. It was the meanest trick ever played on a man. My grave is the first one in the long row at the top. So long!' ? ? - * * 'The morning' blushed red in the East,' said the poetic ewagman, -'when f found myself Bitting beside a half -emptied bottle of square . £in, which I had disinterred from the heap of marines. It was full when I found it.' 