Eemembranee of Christ. Br Late Rev. C. H. Spubgeon*. 1 This do in remembrance of Me/'—I Cor. si. 24. First of all, we shall speak of the glorious and prc • cious object of me mory.—"This do in remembrance of Me." It is a Person whose por trait I would frame in gold, and hang up in the stateroom of the soul. I would have you earnest j students of all the deeds | of the conquering Mea-; siah. I would hare you j conversant with the life .of our Beloved. But. oh. I forget not His person; for tlie text says, I " This do in remembrance of Me." It is I Christ's glorious person "which ought to be ! the object of our remembrance. It is His image which should be enshrined in every temple of the Holy Ghost. But some will say, " How can we remember Christ's per son, when we never saw it? We cannot tell what was the peculiar form of His visage; we believe His countenance to bo fairer than that. of any other man—al though through grief and suffering more marred—but since we did not see it, we cannot remember it. We never saw His feet as they trod the journeys of His mercy; we never beheld His hands as He stretched them out full of loving kindness; wo cannot remember the wondrous intona tion of His language, when in more than seraphic eloquence He awed the multitude, and chained their cars to Him; we can .not picture the sweet smile that ever hung on His lips, nor that awful frown with which' He dealt out anathemas against the Phari ' sees; we cannot remember Him in His suf ferings and agonies, for we never saw Him." Well, beloved, I suppose it is true tbat you cannot remember the visible ap pearance, for yon were not then born; but do you not know that even the apostle said, though be had known Christ after the flesh," yet, thenceforth, after the flesh • he would know Christ no more? The na tural appearance, the race, the descent, the poverty, the humble garb, were no thing in the apostle's estimation of his glorified Lord. And thus, though you do not know Him after the flesh, you may know Him after the spirit; in this manner yon can remember Jesus as much now as Peter, or Paul, or John, ot James, or any of tlioso favoured ones who once trod in His footsteps, walked side by side with Him, or laid their heads upon His bosom. Memory annihilates distance and over • leapeth time, and can behold the Lord, though He be exalted in glory. Ah, let us spend Ave minutes in remembering Jesus. Let us. remember Him in His bap tism, when, descending into the waters of Jordan, a voice was heard, saying "This is My beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased." Behold Him coming up drip ping from the stream! Surely the conscious water must have blushed that it contained its God. He slept within its waves a mo ment, to consecrate the tomb of baptism, in which those who are dead in Christ are buried with Him. Let us remember Him in the wilderness, whither He went straight from His immersion. Oh, I have often thought of that scene in tho desert, when Christ, weary and ■way-worn, sat lbm down, perhaps upon tho gnarled runts of some old tree. Forty days had He fasted, He was an hungered, when in the ei tremity of His weakness there came the eviL spirit. Perhaps he had veiled his demon royalty in the form of tome aged pilgrim, and, taking up a stone, said, "Way-worn Pilgrim, if Thou be the Son of God, command this stone to h* made bread." Methinks I see him, with his cun ning smile and his malicious leer, as he held the stone, and said, "If"—blasphe mous "if'—"If Thou bo the Son of God, command that this stone shall become a meal for mo and Thee, for both of us are hungry, and it •will bo an act of mercy; Thou canst do it easily; speak the word, and it shall be like the bread, of heaven; "we will feed upon it, and Thou nnd 1 will be friends for ever." Bit Jesus said —and oh, how sweetly did He say it— Man shall not Ave by bread alone." Oh, how wonderfully "did Christ fight tho temp ter! Never was there such a battle as that. It was a duel foot to foot—a single hand combat—when tho champion lion of the pit and the mighty Lion of the tribe of Jndah fought together. Splendid sight 1 'Angels stood around to gaze upon the spec tacle, just as men of old did sit to see the tournament of noted warriors. There Satan gathered up his strength; here Apollyon concentrated all his satanic power, that in his giant wrestle he might overthrow the Seed of the woman. But Jesus was*more than a match for Him; in the wrestling He gave him a deadly fall, and came off more than a conqueror, Lamb of God! I will remember Thy desert strivings when next I combat with Satan. When next I fight with Diabolus, I will j look to Him who conquered once for all,; and broko the dragon's head with His! mighty blowsl Further, I beseech you re-! member Him in all His daily temptations! and hourly tria'.s, in that life-long struggle | of His through which He passed. Oh! j what a mighty tragedy was the death of Christ! and His life too! Ushered in with a song, it closed with a shriek. " It is finished." It began in a manger, and ended on a cross; but, ob, the sad interval be tween ! Oh, the black pictures of the per secution, when His friends abhorred Him; when His foes frowned at Him as He passed the streets; when Ho heard the hiss of calumny, and was bitten by the foul tooth of envy; when slander said He had a devil and was mad; that He was a drunken man and a wine-bibber; and when His righteous soul was vexed with the ways of the wicked. O Son of God! I must remember Thee; I cannot help re membering Thee, when I think of those years of toil and trouble which Thou didst live for my sake. Bat you know my chosen theme—the place where I can al ways best remember Christ. It is a shady garden full of olives. .Oh, that spot! I would that I had eloquence, that I might take you there. Oh, if the Spirit would hut take us, and set us down hard by the mountains of Jerusalem, I would say, See, there runs the brook of Kedron, which the King Himself did pass; and there you sec the olive trees.. Possibly, at the foot of that olive lay the three dis ciples when they slept; and there, ah, | there I see drops of blood. Stand here, my soul, a moment; those drops of blood —dost thou behold them? Mark them; they.ore not the blood of wounds; they are the blood of a Man whose body was then unwounded. Oh, my soul, picture Him when he knelt down in agony and sweat—sweat, because He wresUed with God—sweat, because He agonised with His Father. "My Father, if it be possible, let this cup pass from Me." I will lead you to Pilate's hall, and let yon see Him endure the mockeries of cruel soldiers; the smiting of the mailed gloves; the blows of clenched fists; the shame; the spit ting ; the plucking of the hair; the cruel bufferings. Ob, can you. not- picture the King of martyrs, stript of His garments, exposed to the gaze of fiend-like men? See you not the crown about His temples, each thorn acting as a lancet to pierce His head? Mark you nob His lacerated shoul ders, and the white bones starting out from the bleeding flesh? 0 Son of Man! I see Thee scoureed and'flagellated with rods and whips: how can I henceforward cease to remember Thee? Me memory would be more treacherous than Pilate, did it not ever cry, Ecce Homo ("Behold the Man"). Now, finish the scene of woe by a view of Calvary.' Think of the pierced hands and bleeding side; think of the scorching sun, and then the entire dark ness; remember the broiling fever, and the dread thirst; think of the death shriek, "It is finished!" and of the groans that were its prelude. This is the object of memory. Let us never forget Christ. I beseech you, for the love of Jesus, let Him have the chief place in your memories. Let not the Pearl of great price be drop ped from your careless hand into the dark ocean of oblivion. Now we will consider the benefits to be derived from a loving remembrance of Christ. Love never says, "Cm bono?" Love never asks what benefit it will derive from love. Love, from its veiy nature, is a disinterested thing. It loves for the creature's sake it loves. The Christian needs no argument to make him love Christ, just as a mother needs no argument to make her love her child. She does it because it is her nature to-do so. The new-born creature must love Christ; it cannot help it. Oh, who can resist the matchless charms of Jesus Christ?—the fairest of ten thousand fairs, the loveliest of ten thousand loves. Who can refuse to adore the Prince of perfections, the mirror of beauty, the majestic Son of God? Bemcmbranco of Jesus will tend to give you hope when you are under the burden of your sins. There comes in a poor crea ture. Look at him! He has neglected himself this last month; he looks as if he hod hardly eaten his doily bread. What is tho matter with you? "Oh!" says he, "I have been again and again lament ing because I fear I can never be for given; once I thought I was good, but I have been reading the Bible, and I find that my heart is 'deceitful and wicked above all things, and dosperately wicked'; I have tried to reform, but the more I try, the deeper I sink in the mire; there is certainly no hope for me. I feel that I deserve no mercy; it seems to me that God must destroy me, for He has de clared, 'The soul that sinneth, it shall die'; and die I must, for I know I have broken God's law." How will you com fort such a man? What soft words will you utter to give him peace? I know! I will tell him to remember Christ. I will tell him there is One who paid the mighty debt of misery, l'cs, I will tell thee, drunkard, swearer, whatever thou hast been—I will tell thee that there is One who for thee hath made a complete atone ment; if thou only believest on Him thou art safe for ever. Remember Him, thou poor dying, hopeless creature, and tliou shalt be made to sing for joy and gladness. See, the man believes, and in ecstacy ex claims, "Oh, come all ye that fear God, and I trill tell yon what He hath done for my soul." "Tell it unto sinners, t«U, I am, I,am out of hell." Hallelujah! God hath blotted out my sins. And now here is a sweet command: "This do in remembrance of. Me." To whom does this command apply? "This do ye." It is important to answer this question: "This do ye"—who are inten ded? Yc who pnt your trust in Me. " This do ye in remembrance of Me." When I speak of your taking the ordinance of the Lord's Supper, do not imagine that I wish you for one moment to suppose that there is anything saving in it. Some say that the ordinance of baptism is non- essential; so is the ordinance of the Lord's Sapper. It is non-essential if we look upon it in the light of salvation. Be saved by eating a piece of bread! Nonsense. Be saved by drinking a drop of wine! Why, it is too absurd for common sense to admit any discussion upon. You know it is the blood of Jesus Christ; it is the merit of His agonies; it is the purchase of His suffer ings; it is what Ho did that alone con save tts. Venture on Him; venture wholly, and then you are saved. Hearest thou, poor convinced sinner, the way of salva-, tion? If I ever meet thee in the next world, thou mightest, perhaps, say to me, "I spent one evening, sir, in hearing yon, and you never told me the way to heaven." Well, thou shalt hear it. Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, trust in His name, find refuge in His Cross, rely upon His Spirit, trust in His righteousness, and thou art saved, beyond the vengeance of the law or the power of hell. 