A THESPIAN DETECTIVE. [ALL liiuiiTs RtsKBVKii.t BV BU11FOUP DKLAKNOY. OHAPTF.K VIII. Thr villagL* police-statioD—anrt n <*elicatvpitHre of bopint-ss tob,' eflcft^ in it. I wanted a ahow of ttir foice, and yet 1 did not want tlw tons- itw'l to have a knowlwipp of the part it would play. Yon are the Bergi-ant on duty r' Yes. eir." 1 dm fitayiog at the Towers." Yes, air." The CouDtera has a little disasiei'- ment wilh a roan who ie making a claim on her. Ue will be then* this afternoon. We do not for a moment suppose that he will make any uoiae or behave violently or anything of that port but he niipht. Oh—by the bye—do you speak Krench'r .No. sir." Well, that doeB not matter." (It would have mattered very much il he had.) " What we want yon to do, is to come up to the Towers—when will you be 08 doty P " 1 I am 00 at two o'clock, sir.** ' Very pood. Could yon and one oi your constables, jost come—quietly—up to tlie Towers r Of course, vuu understand this is not an official matter. I don't suppose we shall want you to do a single thing, except sit down to a pood meal, and allow ns to thank yon for your trouble by means of a £5 note. 1 ' His eyes sparkled, and I went on. •' You gentlemen in bine, yon know, are snch restrainers. Your me:e presence will prevents noise cr bluster — which we are anxiona to avoid. Can I count ou yon f '' Most certainly, sir. I am only too pleased to do anything for the Earl or Countess. 1 ' Very good. Don't come the boat way. Enter the house by the servant's entrance, and I will tell tile butler to bring you to me. At £.30." " At 2.30, air." And punctual ts the minute, the butler told me that two uniformed men were waiting. 1 had them shown into the blue room, and then sent a message to Dandet who was strolling in the grounds. Would he kindly step into the blue room to see me for a moment f And he stepped. Stopped in with triumph in bis walk and a cigar in his mouth. But he bad not been there a minute before the air of triumph vanished and his face resembled—in colour the ash of his cheroot. In English I introduced my friends. " This," t said. " is Sergeant Snell of the local force. And this," pointing. " iB constable Baae. By any other name," I added, in anefioittolend an air of .good humour to Ule proceedings, " he would be as sweet. Rose, just turn Uie.key in the door will you, there's a good tellow, then we shan't be disturbed. 1 I then continued my speech in French, which neither of the policemen under, stood. Translated. I said: " And t am Bichanl Tozer, a name not altogether unknown at .Scotland Yard, although for purposes of my own„and by reason of my strong resemblance <to Bex Farr, the actor.'I have appeared to .you in the guiae of, and under the name- of that theatrical gentleman/ There would have been very little risk ill openly aayin? that 1 was a detective, but I preferred patting it that way. It was*)uite trae that l was known at Sootland Yard. I was once concerned in following np * doe, which the police' ultimately took in hand, and were pood enough tooomplimenttneover—but that is another story. A guilty conscience doth make oowsrdsj of db all. Dandet glanoedat ns. and then gave a quick look at the open window. I j read it? meaning. " Don't jump by the windntr," I said. " then are two plain clothee men there, A blow on this little whistle ol mine—t well,—it would look so bad for you to be brought back." '* What does this mean ? " Kit down and I will tell yon. . Your! cigar has gone out;' Ou» Lofler you one of mine f No ? Very well, let us get U> business.'' po yon know to whom jou are talk-; ing?" And yondareto—** '1 " Beoanse I fcnmryoo, is why I dare."* " And youfcnotr me—'" a Oh,by«imriety of .names. Burely' ns need to oatalognei themf Alfred; Didiernwalissfa-imfamoe.AilolfMandet' tor another.". • .. - • " That is »iip 1 My taame is Adolf DanAet." ;. ..3. .•..'. v- 1- '' " Simmer doam, de*r!boy. No needto get excited. That's, trjhjr, fheae policemen are liere—in case .700 became too excited." " Excitement.--linsrTcan"l 'liiSp it. You dare to accmepne<of being—". ' "' Emile Uaudnt J OSiat is Uie extent of my daring." . • He started- II/. had wemed to .him impossible that/his tnckoy oould4)e -diacon«TOi.i £a«n:now its impossibilit? seemed stroug. . • ' >•"• You seemiin^oob(aboat yourid^n tity," 1 ventured ioxt^atek, " maybe if 9QQ wmoveythat grease paint scar of yours, you'fl know poarself better," l^stinctirely his land went to the marie on.'bSs face. QirickJy J said: . "Ho. Don'tremoveitnow. Wean* talkinc jn French, and BO far the police dop> quite nndsvlaiid the Interview. ft\;jor roo to say if At is to be angliased for benefit." ' { • " Mrfaith! What»rill happen then?"' f Amet. • Apd alter thata. long term ^ imprisonment.". tv . Pile tc the lip^ BnCyet with an dibit tojjraveitodt. taeeaifl: ' ' "Forwhatf" ' ; , ' . ClticflFtraud, perfcooation,£ofjtery, anaU>Uekmailmg.'-. • " Areyoumaif - j - .-t; •• ' '• Ko. - But lahalCbeKin to Uiink 'tliH Too are if yon bluSoiiacli longer, Mien ihegameis nj>f"- ii-.^atgainerf < '.- Hah ! Yoo imalte'itne tired. Djo 'yOo'faiJnk ttist Ifsli6ul<r fa1|c';as I am dolnp .witbonl' /proof. • lie bere.. .your jwujwge , cpH^ficate," SU Botojirii'a XJhurcb,«ndr/aor carrecUname, Emile, (¥tOOt." ' ..V , -r ; ... : -u. I iV -i ] jlaliBOSt eotnviiiced bim^but he Igave t«« t ' : v- -V:.., •• .WJiafwjtDBsiBes^asp youIf" My Uod no,'' ho said, hurriedly starting to his fet't. , That fi-tclii-ii liim. He evidi'ntJy more afraid of Madame Horteuse than 1 had thought. Asa matter of fiict I had not the ghost ot an idea »l»-re that Udy But he imagiiwii 1 «as speabuig 'it honest truth. It is proverbial tlint ouesty is the b, st policy. It is mere superstition. What humorist was it who said there were times when the aj>pearanee of it was worth six of it r lie hit the nail right in till- ivutre when he said it. ,. , " Sit down, dear boy, 1 said. 1 we won't nsk the lady in. if vou don't "itili She's not, perhaps, iu the b,-.-l of tempers just now.'' . And she has givrn ycu mfoimatiou—" , -• Well, just enough you know to lay vou bv the heels, it uecessaiy." " •• What do you mean by necessary. 1 suppose 1 atn to walk out of this room between these tivo men, oh ?" " That rests with yourself." 11 Kxplain." "Certainly. But do have a ciparuch a tranquilliser, you know. No ? Very well. Now this ip my meaning. Ko far these policemen know nothing. They 1 never know." Hon—" Write out a confession, promise to leave England to-night (I'll send your portmanteau to Chating Cross to be called for)and I'll let you leave this room via the window a free man." You will F" said just uo« that you were a policeman " Did 1? Well, are the two things irreconcilable f However, it will pay you to take my bare word for it." He sat at the table, drew the blotting pad and paper towards him, and lifting a pen said sullenly. " What do you wish me to write F' Things so far had gone very smoothly. Dictating, I said: " ' I. Emile Daudet confess that my brother Adolf died years ago, before the marriage ol the Countess of Uawchester to the Earl. That, by means of a painted scar and other deceptions, I passed myself oS to tlie Countess as th» dead mar. for the purpose ol blackmailing her.' " Is that all ?" Yes, 1 think that will do. Sign it... Done so ? Thanks M'yes. I think tliat will do. 1 am a man of my word. There's the window. Pas? out— don't run—you'll perhaps prefer it to going through the hall, in case you meet—" • Yes, yes," he Baid horriedly, " I much prefer it." " Very well then, anil. Good-bye." And he passed out. 1 rang the bell and asked Rose to unlock the door, at the same time handing a crisp Bank of England note to the sergeant, and said: '• All ended in smoke, you see, sergeant. We did not want you after all. At the same time we are extremely obliged to yon," At this moment the butler entered the room, and 1 said to him; " Thanks Jenkins tor your attention, and now complete the obligation I am nnder to you, by taking these two officers to your own dominions, and give them a good square meal." After they had gone, alter a prolusion of thanks. I sat lor a moment thinking. This would be the happiest day the Countess had spent for weeks. And now in the nick of time the whole thing had shaped itself straight, for the Earl was expected home that night. And Sadie too. Now 1 should be released from the keeping of tlie secret which bad sealed my lips. I oould tell the girl I loved all—or anyway sufficient Tor my purpose—and so clear myself in ber eyes. And then—well the performance was to take place the following night, I would leave it till after that, and then tell ber all that was in my heart. The Countess 1 Ah. you don't want me to tell you how she took tlie news. She sobbed in her joy, even as die had sobbed in her grief. She would kiss my band again and again, and declare that I had saved herlife, thnt I had been her preserver, that—but there. 1 told you 1 waa a modest man, so I need not catalogue all the good things she said about It looked as if the drama had really come to an end.. Bat there was another act of it. The Earl came home, but the performance never, took place. Within twenty-four hours the guests were all packing and leaving. The party broke np. For the Angel of Death had visited the house. In the room on the ground floor lay stretched out a dead bodyoorpse awaiting the attention of coroner and his ]ory. CHAPTER IX. The Counters was ill in bed. The excitement had been too much for her— the tenBion too great.. She had a slight attadc of brain fever, but in a few weeks waa abont as well as ever. She knew nothingof wha^ happened til} later—and then only partly the troth. She had passed thishiatory in eomei aad iaBhion. and aatr towards ,the aid she passes out of it happily. . . Asto thedeadboSy^well.I bad better give too Jenkins'own words as they appearedqu thedepositiocs taken before the coroner. " My name is James Jenkins.. I have been butler to the Earl of Hawcheater for!the last ten years. On the night of the 15thinBt. 1 had as usual taken, the silver pp into the saleroom and locked it up! The vale is double doored. The inner door, which encloses a compartment containing the family 'Jewels J bave no key of. and the outer one I have in my possession. It is my duty to lock theeilver ttp every night. . 1 did so on the night ct the 15th. I then shut the wooden door which encloses the iron safe in a sort of-oupboard. - As I^id so I set,the electiic bell attachment in order. Ko one could bpeh the door then Without setting tlie bell in my mom ringing. I sleep just beneath the safe room, Thiv: waH about .fifteen minutes .afterjnidnlght-. I retiredto rest abont a quarter of an hour lster. I think I 'was ihe jsst .person in .the house to go to bed. 1 had fceen asleep junt an hour when I . was: awakened by the electric bell ringing, 1 leapt out of bed, set -the bell to'alarm the. stable-men and other servaiitB. and slipped Into my trousers, { guessed that if Miieyee wwe at ihe aafe they 'most have entered from the bal cony.. ;6osnatchingnpagun I ran out bythe sWe door and round to the front of .the libuse. As I did so I saw lights appearing!** thewipdowaand knewtliat the alarm bell was arousing the inmates. ft evidently alarmed the thief, too, for when l reached the front hs was just . ova- the balcony on to a ladder :U )ie bad rearid against it. I fi^d one of the banelatdipygnntolethliii Imow l was armed, and at 6r»t thought 1 bad sliothini, forhe dropped (romtbe "top jof the ladder to, the ground. £ul wbpn we picked bin> up there was pot a shot mark On him. Hut he was dead. Intbetall he liad bhiken'hisneiJt.. All enquiries have bt*n made. butn9$i>e fn the district kpaws him, lie is ji stranpr lise. ' He was dresied. Jn labounqg man's clotJies.......Y^, one ipf tbe »«fvants has said thai abe ,MipVea she lecognised Inlipr^ar^M ^j^^pHV 'guests, who lot aow, owe agot>.,,,no, there •'is iio truth' fp' i^, It }i); nn: ^ront, 'l»e»njBe ^at gehljciwi h oeased'e 'laetr- TbMt.' ^Te po papers ian the body to lead to iiiDM&ti;^TI^ Tlie ^nrrietimnBd'tt fiUed^nameleBBgrave. I ebul in- tiielrcpsewho knew! netertold. ' * " '"' My love adair witli Sailie f Ah yes, this story would not be complete without winding that up would it i " ere it written with a strict regard for the leaniremenm of tieticn, the narrntive would end up to the joyous peal of wedding bells, and the marriage ol Ihe actor tu tlie millionaire's daughter. Hut it doesn't, . After the manner of American girls (in flctinul Sadie would have taken me by the haud, to li,-r lather, and said : " Kay, Topper, we're gninp to bit hitched. 1 m just real tired or being Irving, and I like this viiin'b nouie hctter-Karr. So shed the pareutJd blessing ou ub, let's gel hack to nmri ykev, and have a real slap ui> wedding. Pay, I'ouper, 1 guess lhat line v,,ur npp'o." iiilt she did not " say " that. Or anvthing like it. On Ule contrary. Women are extraordinary beings. U claim no origiuality for tliat opinion). 1 could have sworn that 1 saw love light in Sadie's eyes on more tliaii one occasion. Hid 1 P I am afraid to say. Women »re sueli enigmas. I have long given up even atteiuuting to solve them. The lrvings letl with some of the oilier gnesls. 1 Stood in the doorway ol the blue room—that laleful blue roomas Sadie came downstairs, and as she passed I said to her :— •' Sliss Irving may J have a moment B conversation with you ? " And she replied— and with a look 111 lier eyes which should have warned me : " Whv, cerlaiuly " " And she passed into the room. 1 closed the door, and began to talk. I told her something of my real reason lor being at the Towers. 1 am afraid that iu my anxiety to appear clean in her eyes, I may have spoken ol the serviccB I had rendered the CounleEs, and her gratitude. Then 1 began to tell her something ol the feeling which Bhc herself liad inspired in me. Slie stood during the whole interview. I could not aee her eyes, they were cast down. She was, with a silver buttonhook, fastening her long gloves. Perhaps had 1 been able to tend Uer eyes I might have learnt sufficient to stay my tongue. But 1 did not proceed veiy far. t stopped ine by an enquiry ; " Do I owe you anything, Mr. Karr waB puzzled as to her meaning. I could not fathom it. 1 BUppose she saw this, for she went on : " For those private leswns you gave you know, or does the CountesB pay you for them ? Perhaps some tip iB usual f- these cases, if so—don't be squeamiBh let me know." I flushed—I felt tliat I turned crir son. And then I saw that she was opening her purse. 1 could not find tlie wordB I should liave used. I felt so ashamed. Hastily I said : Oh no, oh no, nothing." That so t Well. I thought I'd enquire you know, first. If there's one thing 1 owe you, it's a net down. 1 took you for an aotor, and thinking there might be a spice of the gentleman about you, 1 treated you as such. When I discovered your intercourse with the maidservants—you pay me a poorcompliment if you think 1 swallow your trumped _ cock-and-bull yam about the Frenohman's wife—1 found I had made a mistake. Your conversation here shows you to be a miserable adventurer, and holdl poor enoughopinion of me to think you could Blind me. By your own confession yon are no better than a dirty little cad of a policeman. Open that door and let me pass out." I opened it. She passed out. On the other sidu of the door stood, smiling, the Countess of Abt-rgole. " Ob. there you are. Sadie, darling,' Bhe said, gushingly. " I was looking for yon everywhere. The carriage is waiting." 1 was jUBt Baying good-bye to oar stage-manager." " Oh, yes, I had forgotten that." She stretched out her hand, and with a wicked look in her eye continued, "Good bye, Mr. Fkrr, and thank you so very very much for nil the pains you took, hope I Iiaven't occasioned you very great trouble." And I said good-bye. Was compelled to shake her hand. Even wiBhed that she might have a pleasant journey Life is full of ironies, isn't it P ironies, some of them. (The End.) Ca3t. 