LADIES' GOSSIP. The Princess of Wales as a modiste -would undoubtedly have been able to- earn a com fortable income, bad the ■ fates decreed that her Royal Highness should earn her own living. The Princess always follows her own exquisite taste in all -matters appertaining to dress, and the result is admirably suited to her own individual style of beauty. But although her Royal Highness designs most of her own dresses and; hats, it is noticeable tha't she is always in the fashion. Society women often regard with envious feelings the Princess of Wales's taste in hats and bonnets. Her Royal Highness taboos all showy and gaudy effects, and always seeks to have her harts and bonnets moderate and regular in form, and every elegant detail in quiet harmony. It is by adopting such styles 'that the Princess retains that won derful appearance of youth and beauty, which is so often commented upon. The Queen of Siam has a remarkable thimble, which was given to her by her husband. It is made of gold, in the form of a lotus bud, and is thickly studded with diamonds, which are arranged to form her name and the date of her marriage. The j form of the gift was particularly appro priate, since the lotus is the Royal flower. Through the influence of -the Duchess of Abercorn many 'thousands of pairs of socks, which are made by poor Irishwomen, are ordered annually by the army authorities. Madame Melba, - the famous singer, ha» just written her autobiography, a book which will be perused with interest by every admirer of Australia's queen of song (says "Woman's life"). The prima doiina says that, as a child, dhe was naughty— absolutely incorrigible, unreasonable, and unmanageable. Certainly not a very envi ous character. But in her. maturity the great singer is very different Once, after singing in Stockholm before the Ring and Queen, she was called to the palace to re ceive their congratulations,' and a decora tion from the King. ' A pin was necessary to fasten the ribbon, and, as none had been provided, kladame Melba offered one to the King. "Oh, I must nort take a pin fronr you, has Majesty .said, smiling, "it might mar our friendship." Then, after a mo ment 9 hesitation, the King took the pin, and, kissing the famous singer, said, "I will tweak the evil spell, and we will be friends always." Madame Sarah Bernhardt is one of the few ladies who have not an exaggerated love for diamonds. She declares that they des troy the best expression of tbe face,- dim the fire of the eyes, and make the teeth look like chalk. The famous actress is exceedingly fond of luxurious gowns, and has one trimmed with turquoises, the train of which is lined with the skins of two hundred ermines. It is worth nearly £1,500. 'Madame Sada Yacco would have obtain ed celebrity if merely by reason of the fact that she is the only Japanese actress in the world. But apart from this, she is pos sessed of genuine talent, both in comedy and tragedy, as evidenced by her portrayal of Japanese characters on the boards of a New York theatre. She was originally a geisha girl in Tokio, where her grace and skill as a dancer first brought her into pro minence. Mrs. Alan Gardner, the well-known sportswoman, on one of her big game shoot ing expeditions in Somaliland, gave a na tive woman a looking-glass. She was so delighted with the first clear sight of her dusky countenance that she sat through two entire days and nights outside Mrs. Gardner's tent, gazing with rapture at her own reflection. On the morning of the third day the fame of the looking-glass had spread through the country, and a row of forty Somali women, collected from far and near, were engaged in taking an admiring turn at the magic mirror. When Mrs. Gardner came on. the scene she was greet ed by forty feminine. Somali voices in chorus, and each 'begging for a looking-glass "all to herself." But, alas for the limita tions ox a sporting outfit! the dusky belles were obliged to content themselves with the one communal mirror. And the wo man with the looking-glass remained for weeks the most important person in Soma liland. A new kind''of mutual fund was started in St. Petersburg last spring—marriage_ in surance. It is now in successful operation. Single women are the only members, who are recruited from year to year in separate classes. At their entry they pay one rouble, and whenever one of their number marries, every member of that class pays an addi tional rouble. The assessment thus col lected is offered to the bride to buy a tros seau. One restriction prevents new mem bers from taking advantage of tbe older ones. No dowry assessment is called unless the girl has been a member in good stand ing for one year. Each class is permitted to have not more than 100 members; after that admissions are refused until vacancies occur by marriage, v/hen new members are taken in at the option of the members. So little does the Chinaman think of his baby girls that he even withholds from them the dignity of a name. Instead, he designates them by figures, as No. 1, No. 2, No. 3, and so on according to their birth. When asked how many children he has, if possessed of a boy and a girl, he will answer —"I have but one child," leaving the girl out of consideration altogether. A wife's part in the-family income r is generally best taken where the wife looks after the economical management of _ the domestic machinery, writes a lady's jour nal. Many mothers try to help the family income by doing some outside work, but where home and children are to be looked after 'the results are satisfactory in very few cases. The greatest value of a House keeper and mother lies in economy in her home, in the wise education of her children, and in the encouragement of/her husband. Where a wife is childless and has no house hold cares, then 'leisure is had to 'help the income, and this may be done in various ways. But, as a general rifle, a wife's source of greatest help to her husband lies in the home and not out of it, by stimulait fng him to earn all that he can, and by wisely saving all tbhit dhe can of his earn ings. The frightening of a child by a foolish nurse frequently brings on night tenors. He wakes up suddenly, soon after going to sleep, frightened and terrified, screaming violently, and declaring that he has seen either some ghost or -thief, or some object that the nurse had been -previously in the ctay describing who is to come to take him away. The little fellow is the very picture j of tenor and alarm. He hides his face I in his mother's bosom, the perspiration streams down him, 'and it is some time be fore he can he pacified; at length he falls into a troubled feverish slumber, to awake in -the morning tmrefreshed. _ Night after night these terrors harass 'him, until- bis health materially suffers, his young life j becomes miserable, and he looks forward with dread 'to the approach of darkness. If 'the 'terrors have been brought- on by the folly of the nurse discharge her at once J (writes "Woman's life"), and 'be careful I to select a more discreet one. When the child retires to rest leave a light burning, j and let it burn all night. Sit with him i until he is asleep, and take care, in case he ' should rouse up in one of his night terrors, that either yourself or some kind person be near at hand. Ho not scold him for being frightened—he cannot help it; but soothe him, calm him, fondle him, take him in your arms and let him feel 'that he has someone to rest upon, to defend and pro tect him. It is frequently in these cases necessary, before he can 'be cured, to let 'him have change of air and change of scene. Let him live the greater part' of the day time in 'the open air. To beautify^ the finger nails, hold them for fifteen minutes in warm water; then while flexible, cut_ carefully. Polish them in a mixture of oil and powdered pumice stone. • Push down the skin at the lower part of the nails to show the half- moons of white. Satin should always be sponged with and not across, the grain. Satin of delicate | colors or white satin may be successfully cleaned by the simple application of a weak I solution -of borax. Dry breadcrumbs, it ' may 'be mentioned, are- sometimes sufficient to brighten satin that has begun to show I the signs 'of wear. 