POLITICAL PICKINGS. Culled From Various Sources Mr. "Wine's Introduction o£ a Legal Proce dure Bill In the Assembly seemed to puzzle all but legal members. As a specimen of wildly exaggerated langu age, Mr. J. C. Nelld's speech on the Supmpd Court Procedure Bill would be hard to ex ceed. . ' "Is A Battery In active service?" asks a )nember.: Inactive service Is more like It. ' v if 'SeVen transit officers have been transferred to the police force under the new Act. Mr. Garland, M.L.A., believes In abolishing bogus defences. He 'doesn't allude to obso lete guns." o ft ft . The Attorney-General believes that half a loaf Is better than no bread, so his mutilated Procedure Bill goes through. ft . - ' Mr. J. Garland, M.L.A',, says there are law yers who desire to see. cheap law. The cheaper the law, he says, the more people will 'go to law. ' ft ft IK .The Rnllwny Commissioners have no power to control wages paid on a contract for the construction of tram-cars. So a member was Informed last nlglit. ' » " 9 . Sydney town clerk has gone to Melbourne.'- It Is rumoured that ha Is looking for sign boards. ' "I think this Is the only country Iw the Brit ish Empire which protects a fraudulent de- fehce," remarks the Attorney-General. And also protects the blackmailer of newspapers, he might have added. » » .» There are no bad British laws, sarcastically observes an M.L.A. And he is not a lawyer either. ft ft Every judge of the Supreme Court Is In fa vour of the Supreme Court Procedure Bill, the Attorriey-General says. And every Chief Justice in Aiistrnlla favoured the Privy Coun- . ell appeal. Mr. Nolld,. M.L.A.-, was ruled In order by the Speaker while discussing clauses of a bill on a second-reading motion. ' » Yet another Parliamentary Inquiry Is to be set oh foot. This time It concerns a station- master's mining transactions. The foreign Legations having been rescued, the Powers are looking for more persons to rescue. In the absence of anyone else they propose to rescue the Emperor. "When the Assembly strikes a legislative snag it gets rid of the trouble by suggesting that It be left to the Federal Parliament. . -, . A contemporary .predicts that Sir' John For rest will be Federal Minister for the Interior. Probably Mr. Reid,will be Minister for ithe- Exterlor— out In the cold. Mr. W. "W. Davis, just ro-eleeted for Bourke, Jsignallsed his return to the Assembly by ask ing that the reward for the Freelong or Bree- long blacks be increased. Some members of Ihe Assembly have already started the Federal campaign. The electors should wait to see all the candidates before making promises. ' Lord George Hamilton says that the Chinese are most difficult to deal' With. Must have been buying cabbagee. . . . An Adelaide paper tips Sir William Lyne as first Federal Treasurer. This Is merely a specimen of haphazard prophecy. .What about first Federal Premier? ft- Sydney aldermen have actually and seri ously taken to asking the Government why they (the aldermen) and their servants do foolish andl irresponsible acts. Like ghosts they came out of the darkness; Nor waited they for the day; The signboards they Btowed In the widows' carts, ; And silently stole away. » » » Mr. Gillies, M.L.A., charges the Minister for Mines with granting .valuable coal-mining leases of thousands of acres to coal-mlno monopolists. Mr. Fegan points out that the Government is merely recelvjng revenue for hmd otherwise unproductive. . . » The Attorney- General says that all mercan tile men have for years past complained of the complicated and antiquated procedure of the courts. k ft ft . Legislation to prevent the sale of totallBator tickets .to females has been Introduced to Queensland Parliament. ft. » The aboriginal names of the Federal elec torates are stilt being used In the country. ' The more the Attorney-General sees of trial hy judge the 'more flrmljr.be ."believes In trial, by jury. He must have held a few briefs lately in the District Court. . # ' '. ft Mr. Wise's hill to amend Supreme Court procedure will remove much unnecessary frill and formality. . : . ... . . '«. "ft : : » ' it has, been alleged in Parliament that the City signboards were shifted in the dead of. night by the corporation widows' carts— - They shifted them calmly at dead of night, By the gnslight dimly burning; ' They woke no owner, they showed no right, And they went whence there's no returning. » "I declare to my God" Is . an expression which the Speaker and the Assembly allowed to pass unchallenged last night. .What next ... ft. Country municipalities want time to' study the Fire Brigades Bill. Abjrone' who sees a country alderman reading the measure Is re quested to take a snapshot, a Mr. 'Arthur Griffith, M.L.A'., lias a number of questions on the conduct of the Savings Bank on the business paper. « Colonel John Cash Nelld, M.L.A'., showed some of his old form In the Assembly last night when he invoked the spirit of Alfred the Great, and talked of hlB Inherent rights- as an Englishman, ft « » If Is. even money whether the much- sur rounded De Wet or the Breelong blacks will be first captured. » Sydney Vigilance Committee reports having shifted twenty tons of rubbish from one house. Next election will see something removed from' the Town Hall. J - ' "Does the lion, member believe I've just' scaped from Callan Park?" seriously asked a legislator, .with a stentorian voloe last nlght> 