ITEMS OF NEWS. Under the plentiful rain which has fallen,, agriculturalists have occasion to rejoice ut the pro-poet offered by the season. Sluicers, too, who wore deprived of a water supply, ponding, the low state of tho Rlaimsbvi-y reservoir, are now freed froin all anxiety as their supply is now assured, so they too are gratified, yet it is not within the province of tho higher powers to please all, as. was testified by. a farmer who complained that there was too inuch ruin, that it stopped ploughing on account of tho wetness of the ground, and. prevented harrowing and seed sowing. Were a plebiscite taken as to this matter, it might safely be predicted bo would be found in a minority. A young man "named Thomas Robinson, who had been playing football with the Foundry club in the afternoon's match', was on Saturday evening seized with a sudden fain mess. He was carried to the Imperial Hotel, and Dr be suffering from a cordiao, weakness. He was removed to- bis. home yesterday after noon. The Superintendent of the Benevolent Asylum acknowledges receipt of periodicals from Mr J. Newman. Yesterday being Whitsunday, very bright services were held both morning and evening at Christ Church, there being good congregations. At the evening service .AttwoodV fine anthem, " Come Holy Ghost" was sung ; Miss Trovascus, took tho opening solo, and with Mrs Raokstrow and Messrs Hobsou'and Gardiner, the quartette.: The Litany hymn "Hear us Holy 'Trinity," was well rendered; Mrs Rackstrow and Miss Murdoch singing every other verse as solos, with telling effect. Minor Canon Sutton preached at both services. Mr 0. T. Hosier as usual presided at the organ. His many .friends will be sorry to hear of the death of Mr L. F. Noilsen, which took place at his residence Winters Flat yesterday. Deceased . was for a great number of years a farmer in the Muckleford district hut retired from active life, a few years ago and lived quietly at Winters Flat, where ho died yesterday at the age of 68 years. . . A curiosity in stamps appears on an envelope M'Kenna, which was received by Mr A. G. M'Cay from Mafeking on Friday. When the " seigo post-office" was organised, the price of postage apparently went up, for the ordinary penny Bechuanaland stamp -is defaced by the words, " Mafeking Besoiged, Is," while exactly similar ones are stamped with the price of 6d Arid' 3d. Philatelists will doubtless find in i this novel issue of stamps /a Aral liable souvenir of a great seige. Lieutenant . M'Kenna's letter (written on April 4th, is brief, and has been generously , scored by the censor — notably a passage which has . evidently referred to the nature of the ratioris on which the town was subsisting, and of /which the following: grimly suggestive .passage"' has" heen allowed to stand—- " Good food, but you can't eat much of. it ; and we are always pretty hungry." The Boer 100-poutider was raking the streets when the i letter was written, and the writer describee the ingenious system, of electric bells by which the.: soldiers and citizens wero warned to run to cover when this monster was discharged. " I ! have done so three times during the composition ; of this lottor," - :ho: says, and yet complains,.' within a couple of lines, hf the;" monotony of , siege life." Even at that lato date the defen ders made light of. the Boer attack, and uaid . respect to none of their guiis, except this giant,' thougli every piece of armument- against. them . was believed to'be a Orouzot. 1 "' ' ' 1 ; Specifications may be seen .at our olfiee for sinking: a shaft for the Nuggetty Consolidated Co., and for the Golden Point Gold i Mining Co. - - \ '-.The tennis courts - presented :'»n animated' appearance on Saturday : afternoon when the formal opening of the season, took plnoo. Fully fifty metnbers of the club and their friends were present. A feature of the afternoon was tho un furling of the Pennaut, presented , by -Mr Juntos Newman, forhcompetition' nihprig.tlie clubs of the Northern Association and won . by... the.. CastlemHiha Club. . The ceremony was per formed by tho donor, who. in a bnof speech presented the Pennant to the club nnd hoisted it above tho pavilion. Dr Maxwell on behalf of Hi« oliih returnfid tbanics ho. Mr -Nnu-man for his gonerosity and called for throe cheers which twere; heartily given.:' - The trophies: and honor cape won by ' members of tho club during tho past season wore then presented by Mrs J. S. : M. Thompson,- and the visitors wore enter tained at. afternoon tea. by the lady. membe.rs. During the afternoon a scratch match was played between the Castlemaine ' and Maldon. teams, which was won . by the former by three | sets to ono. - v L .There wore large congregations yesterday m-irning and evening at the Presbyterian Chin-ell, when oil both occasions'1.-'. Professor Harper delivered powerful and;" instructive sermons. During- the evening service Alias Aitken sang with great feeling " Glory to Thee O' Lord." The fourth' special war number of the 'Roviow of Reviews,' which is to hand, has a ; pictorial supplement of the Transvaal war with j an account of tho fighting of tho month placed | compaotly before its readers by tho Rev W. H. Fitch'ett, who opens his article with tho follow ing pronounced, emphatic view of the .Com mander-in-Chief, " Lord Roberta has shown,' during tho month, in n well-nigh 'supfotnd dogree, two very, unlike qualities, each of which is the; sign of. ,'a great commander. He has shown that he can wait with strange unhurrying patience, and that he, can: strike as with tho swiftness of -lightnings'/arid the iinpaot of a thunderbolt.". Another article givos a character 'sketch "of ' Krugor and Steyn, by Poultney Bigolow, which clearly discriminates the radical difference ; in the men. Kruger , talks of, politics as a shepherd , of thei- 17th century. ' Steyri talks intelligently of: ways arid means — a clean man at the head of ' a ' clean' com- A French paper reports n good 'mot., of the late General Joubert. When Natal was- irivadod, much , discussion took, place in. the Boer camp as to the wisdom of the General's strategy. . , A free Stato officer remarked that the sudden attack upon British territory 'did 'not quite square with the cunning of a lawyer, alluding'to Joubort's old functions as a solicitor. 'My friend,' replied Jou bert, 'there is a grrat difference /between"' a court 'of justice and a .'battlefield, In; the former tho advantage lies with him who has the last word; in the latter it lies with' him 'who strikes the first blow. " - - " It has been learned with- great "satisfaction that a numbered prominent Alelbourne capitalists have Secured extensive mineral rights at Lai Lai, the excellence of tho . quality 'of .iron -ore from that neighborhood now having been successfully demonstrated, Samples treated at thei'Vulcan foundry have been pronounced to be superior even to the Swedish shot, ft well-known'-; standard of crude iron. It has been determined to erect smelting works in Geelong and it is epected a commencement will he made in the course of a few weeks. A visit of inspection has been paid and several suitable localities inspected. by repre sentative of the syndicate, including Mr W. D. Beazley, chairman of Legislative Assembly com- mittee; Mr W. C. Kelly, barrister, of Melbourne; and Mr Hooper, the well- known ironfounder, of Melbourne. As far back as twenty years it was surmised by experts that payable ore existed in the Lal Lal district, but nothing was done to develop it. 