" UNITED AUSTRALIA." This is the title of " a new quarterly re- view for thinking men and women," of which the first number is just issued in the interests of Aus- tralian federation. The scope of the publication is set forth in an editorial introduction, from which we gather that one of the review's objects will be to go beyond what are described as " the recognised and established limits of existing Aus- tralian journalism," and look at matters from an Australian instead of a colonial standpoint. " We shall now, perforce, be called upon to ex- tend our interested vision," says the editor, Mr. Bruce Smith, " across those artificial lines which, hitherto, seemed to suggest that beyond them we had no concern." It is also thought that many heretofore important persons and institutions will be diminished in the new light, and " United Australia " aspires, we learn, " to create a new arena for the discussion of Australian affairs and so to invoke its bigger minds to speak out across the great continent." This programme is asso- ciated with reminiscences, not suggesting mis- givings, of the ghosts of bygone magazine ven- tures. The policy is defined as one of abstention from special political doctrines, the assertion of the principle that the State exists to protect the lives and liberties of citizens and their legally- acquired savings and possessions, equitable taxa- tion, the subordination of the interest of the States to those of the Commonwealth, &c.; " We are well aware," it is remarked, " that we are pre- scribing a programme which many practical journalists will pronounce ideal and unworkable," but that is not uncommon with new and gene- rously-conceived ventures of this kind, and need not discourage those who conduct " United Aus- tralia." The President of the Review, Mr. Edmund Barton, contributes the first of a series of signed articles, entitled " After the Proclama- tion," in which it is said that, failing any unlooked-for check, the Federal Government ought to be established before July 1 of this year, with a Federal Parliament sitting by October. The date on which the Queen's proclamation will take effect will probably be sometime in June. Mr. Barton sketches the first business of the Federal Parliament. The signed articles also comprise one by Sir Samuel Griffith on " Pre- liminaries of Federation", by Lord Brassey on " Australian Naval Defence," by Mr. Holder on the cost of federation, by Mr. Deakin on the out- look, by Sir Edward Braddon on " My Blot," and by Miss Spence on the application of the Hare system to Commonwealth elections. Sir Samuel Griffith holds strong views as to the in- clusion of Western Australia as an original State. He thinks it not impossible to bring that colony in by granting concessions which, though of trivial importance to the rest of Australia, are strongly insisted on by that colony. At the same time he does not lose sight of the fact that any step in this direction now will mean the postpone- ment of federation for some months at least. Each of those has the personal interest attaching to its writer's name, and in a list of future contributors those of many other well-known Australian pub- lic men are given, though others do not appear. We look in vain for that of Mr. Reid, for instance. There are congratulations printed here from Mr. Goschen ; Lords Carrington, Jersey, and Hampden ; Mr. James Bryce (" American Commonwealth "), and Sir Charles Dilke, who promises to write on the consolidation of Greater Britain for the second number. There are also some notices of books in this issue, and a series of short paragraphs of federal interest. The appear- ance of this federal publication is an interesting experiment, and one which will be viewed with interest and sympathy by federalists. The cover, it should be said, carries a graceful design by Miss Thea Proctor. 