SURGICAL AND MEDICAL. BY RUDYAltD KIPLING.* Crioh, the orderly, sat on a camp-stool cheering Parker, -who lay suspiciously quiet. Parker had come from Queensland, via New Jersey, among other cities, and the registered voters of Colesberg had shot him across the spine below the shoulders. ' My stomach's a trifle out of order,' said Parker, cheerily, 'They can't get it to work. Except for that, I dou't feel there's anything wrong with me,' Crich looked at me, to signify it would be better for Parker if he had a little more feeling. 'We're comin1 on beautifully, ain't we?*' said Crich, and Parker nodded. ?* I'm the last o' four — all spinal cases — all in this tent, too ! ' said Parker. ' I've seen 'em all go, and here am I hangin' on by my finger-nails. They all went, didn't they?' 'Yes,' said Crich, bis braces round his hipe ; ' an' they all called for me 'fore they went. 'Member Tommy? ' Parker 6miled. Sir Philip Sydney smiled very much in that fashion. 'Oh, yes. I was on special allowance of brandy, but Tommy, he always looked for a little of mine in his lemonade. Couldn't apeak much, but he used to roll his eyes to my bed. Tommy liked his tot o1 brandy and lemonade. When did he go, Crioh? '' ' Yes'day afternoon. You was asleep, Parker. He said, ' Crich, old man, where are you ?' he eaid. 'Bight here, in front o\ you,' I says, and I went up to 'im, 'cauBe I knew what was coming. *I can't see you, Crich;' he says. Then I laid 'old of his arms in my two 'ands. ' That's better,' he eays. ' If I can't see you I can feel you,' he says. ? Don't let go, Crich,' he says, and in a minute or two he was o&, as quiet as anything. You were asleep, Parker. Oh, yes, they all asked for old Crich to take 'old of when they went off. Parker's goin' to best the lot of 'em.' This to me. Last o' four spinal cases he is, and he's goin' to Netley, an' he'll be all right in a few weeks. ' Ave some more tomatas, Parker?' The giant turned his head and raised an arm. He could not quite reach the tomatoes. Crich stepped across the tent, lavishly dou^hnd the cut fruit with oil and vinegar, and exhibited Parker in the act of eating. Then Parker talked of real estate speculations in Orange, New Jersey, and stockriding in Queensland, Crich supplying an ever-appreciative chorus. I watched the superbly-built body, ho all alive to the chest line, so all' dead below, and it seemed to me unfair that nervous anxiety to make Cape Colony ?' a iittlo haven of peace ' had led a ' neutral Government ' to postpone the ordinary preparation for war till the Colesberg rebels (all registered voters, remember) could con veniently mangle Parker's spinal-cord. I laid it upon Crich, the hairy-chested and adequate, that Parker must not die, and Crich, hopefully hope less, said, out of Parker's hearing, that he would do his damnedest. That was some weeks ago. I have seen Parker twice or thrice since, but to-day his bed is empty. He has bested the registered voter of ColeBberg, all the young doctors who prophesied death , and Crich, who couldn't see any other way out of it. He has gone home in a steamer to Netley with iho chance of living, balf-dsad, for a year or two, and the ghost of a chance that he may partially recover. This is a load off my mind. For some absurd reason Parker was my war- fetish. He held on through the black days ere Lsdysmith was relieved ; he heard of Cronje's surrender ; and now, at Madeira, he will learn that Bloem fontein is his and ours. : The war goes better ; with Parker and Bobbs f cntein disposed of wo can attend to the hospi tals. Dinnies, the light- moustaohed sergeant major of a horse battery, has gene away ; but not before he saved the lives of three or four de pressed and morbid, by his cheerfulness and his yarns. Dinnies has «ix-and-twenty years' Bervice. He -refused his majority 11 years ago, because it was. not iu his belcved battery, and he is an encyclo paedia ot military knowledge — the unofficial brand. I heard him tell his tent confidentially th&t; if he had known what sort of a silly sort of war this war was to turn out, he would have retired on his laurels early in October. He caught something at Magersfontein, which has kept him in bed for a few weeks, but now he ,is at the front again. He was more or less in charge of the horse battery whioh, out of pure politeness, stood still to take the Boer fire when our naval gun on the left of the line did not see the flag of truce, went on firing, and brought down a fresh Boer fusilade. Said Dinnies—' Of course we sat tight, to show it was a mistake, but the shells were making our horses skittish, 60 I said : ' Send a driver to their heads. They're a little shy.' I looked round, an' there weren't any drivers I D'you know what they were doin' ? Chasin' rats round a bush ! Yass ! Rat-hunfcin' under fire. On my ?worrud, I don't believe drivers have sowls. No, not one ! ' ' Were they cockneys, by any chance, Din nifis? ' I asked. ' Ye may say so. We come from St. John'a Wood, London, N.' TTif« tanfr and the, orderlies orieved when DianiflS left, for he had great authority, and most per euaeive tact. Now, Derby, of the Inniskillings, lad no authority. He lived on hie tongue and his e. Kill in outflanking orderlies. Derby got it badly in the leg, and hopped like a cockrobin in Bearlet flannel between the tents. He was marked for England, and the day before he sailed all Rondebosch was too small for his transports. A visitor came by with pipes and tobacco for the men, and Derby steered him towards a con valescent. 'D'you want to buy a pipe? 'said Derby, with a Berious face. ' ' They 're only three pence, and the baccy's one and threepence a stick. It's dirt cheap.' The onvalescent fingered the jBtock, and demanded cigarettes. ' I'm sorry,' Baid Derby, ' but we're sold out of cigarettes. If you'll give your order, may be this man will-^' ?Copjrigiit, 1900, by Eudyard Ejpiin?. * jum;i: thu convalescent tutu bled to tho jest, and Derby had to run for it all between the tent-pegs. There should be lively times on Derby's boat home, but he is the kindest of souls to an invalid. The twins are not on their feet yet. They are both Australians, both have broken legs, they lie side by side, their legs in slings, and one loyally caps the other's tallest yarn. A few days back talk turned on what blackfellows could do with a boomerang. A Fusilier cut to pieces with barbed wire, a 9 th ?Lancer, and a West Yorkshireman told the twins to draw it mild. Sticks could not twist and turn m that way. It was as absurd as the word Wool loomooloo. Entered then from another tent con valescent Rae, of Manitoba, hit down at Slinser's or Arundel. Rae said he did not understand boomerangs, but things could be made to curve in the air, for all the 9th Lancer said. For instance, there was a game called baseball. Rae illustrated with his eound arm bow a pitcher sends in a curved ball, and the twins, applauding, welcomed him as an ally. They had a file of Australian papers with pictures of boomerangs ; would the 9th Lancer please get them out from the shelf, and they would explain ? So, under the pines planted in South Africa by men from the north, Welshmen, tyke, Cockney, and Canadian bent their heads orer a Melbourne weekly, while a Queenslander read the letter press. Johnson, of a Highland regiment — he looked very like Alan Breck—had tried to stop a shell splinter with his stomach, and it cost him eight weeks' agony. The first time we met he walked crab -fashion, his blue eyes alight with pain. Hear, 0 Heaven, and bear witness, O Earth, that there was no more South Africa for Johnson and his stomach ! A fortnight later we sat in the sun with a whispering Guardsman, half of whose larynx had been put out of commission by a down dropping bullet. But Johnson was a changed man. He had de veloped a scheme and explained it as he sat grasp ing his ankles and rocking to and fro. They were going to send him to Green Point with other con valescents. The odds were that they would send him home, and that did not suit Johnson's re vised book. ' I'm a saddler by trade. They'll not miss the likes of me when they're repairing collars and harnesses. I'll not be sent home till the war is over— if I can help it. Surely they'll need a collarmaker. Then I'll be able to get back again.' He went off to draw his kit, walking oorkily, and the Guardsman whispered husky congratula tions. But there is no spring in M'Connsll, sergeant of another Highland regiment — nothing but sour disgust. He got it in the hand — round Paarde berg, a rending shattering bullet, that has marked him for England. And there is what is left of bis company to consider,pand there is his unpaid debt to the Boer, drawing inteiest every day, and there is his right hand throbbing and aching in the night watches. His chief interest is the daily paper and the list of the Boer dead. He lies in his corner, smoking, brooding, and meditating how to escape England. But his hand — his right hand, with the iron-hard.forearm — is useless. He always comes back to that. Not far from him lies Carter, who went down hill by reason of a fractured thigh and some fever. Then he got bed-sores — two, he told me — and then they got him an air-mattress. Carter came near to losing his life, but the story in the ward is that Neeld, a graceless Cookney Highlander, bucked him up, precisely as Dinniss bucked up the man shot through the lungs. Anyhow, Carter is spared, which is a sign of grace, and they have taken him out for a small walk in a wheeled chair. ' He kep' askin' us all the way up hill if he was too heavy,' said one of Carter's staeds — a convalescent with a head-wound. 'Well, you see, it's voluntary, not compulsory, takin' convalescents out,' saya Carter, rather tremulous about the mouth. ' You don't weigh more'n a rat now,' is the answer, and then, the voice touched with beauti ful tenderness, 'Did ye like it 'Any ? ' Did he like it ? After three months he has seen trees and sunshine, and felt the big sky above him. He picked up the good dirt of the earth and let it run through his fingers. Now he 1b going to sleep. In a little while Stylton will be fit to wheel out. He hails from St. John, New Brunswick — the old city of many fires over against the racing Fundy tide. The scent of the Wynberg pine needles makes him one jelly of homesickness. Providence sends to his bedside one who knows his city, and street fcy street and suburb by suburb, ' from Castor in the Forum to Mars without the walls ' — from the fragrant lumber mills to Loch Lomond— Mylton goes over it all rejoicing. Yes, he knows, moreover, Dalhousie, Gaepe, and all Baie Chaleur, and how he longs to see them i Two yards away a Yorkshire Reservist points out to a man who is fashioning a canvas and wool belt that of all places under heaven there is none like to Bradford. He is married, with four children and a damaged shoulder ; but all will be well when he returns to Bradford, 'in t* steamer.'* Lat-celles, Tasmanian Mounted Infantry, holds quite other views. He has come through much rough-and-tumble work, ending with abscess of (he liver. That removed, they have put him to light duty at Maitland Camp till he is fit to sit & horse. His eyes are sunk and heavy, but he sees far. He is the son of a Hobarb fruitgrower. What about fruit-growing in this country? Is himself an apple man, but understands peaches and plums. Has noticed while in hospital that many apples sent to convalescents were full of codlin grub, which he considers far more eerious than Bocifl. What about red scale and the other fruit pests ? What about packing and freight rates P In Tas mania the wood for an appls crate costs 3|d, and the completed article less than 5d. On the other* hand, South Africa is nearer London than Ho bart. Lajeeliea works out the sue is hit bead, and emerges to say that he has dug up many samples of soil round Kimberley ; has also looked over many farms up country as he rode through them. ' * Lascelles thinks that— Tasmania being a small place — a young man might do worse tban settle here and grow up in a new country, eh ? It is represented to Lascelles that he is the kind of man we need badly. Yes, Mr. Lascellee, this is tie one hind for the new man of colonial experience— for open-air men used to large spaces and plain living — thousands of them. Here is everything — horses, cattle, wool, and fruit. Do you know any more young men ol the same views — Mani- toba ranchers, New Zealand sheep men, fruit growers of the south ? If so, bring them along, and we will make such a country as the world has never seen. Lascelles admits that he has talked to several friends about the wisdom of settling here after the war. They think well of it. In 20 minutes I have pledged the honour of the Empire to the hilt on behalf of Lascelles and Co. If they mean business every thing shall be made easy for their first start. I will lend them money on mortgage (at least, you will, and we shall get 4 per cent ). I will slap down railways along the valleys, where the friit grows, so that no farm need haul her dried prunes more than five miles to the rail. (This is not so mad as it sounds, for such valleys are few.) I will arrange low freights, if I have to go on my knees to a German shipping firm. I will break the Covent Garden fruit ring into flinders. I will erect cold-storage warehouses by the acre, and chilled fruit cars at 40* uniform shall be as common as cattle-trucks on all our lines. I will develop under the care of half a dozen picked canal officers from India &uch; a scheme of irriga tion (it will not cost more than three millions to begin with) as shall beat the Bara Doab, Colo rado, and the Queensland colonies combined. Mr. Lascelles accepts everything calmly. He is young and has the divine faith. ' In 20 years' time I ' he says, and his eye, with a budding stye on it, glows. ' Ah, but it's all a gamble,' I make haste to qualify. ' One haB to take one's chances.' ' I'll take 'em,' says Mr. Lascelles ; and, when you come to think of it, a man who has been risking his life for a few weeks is not going to be deterred by the prospect of one fruit farm or half-a-dozen, for that matter, failing on his hands. Meantime, will you please take notes of the few schemes I have committed you to P Because, in five years you will be lending money on them, and they will pay more than trappy gold-reefs or South American tramways. The tents are full of boys who, with 'a little steering, would settle here. Nixon, of Vancouver, for instance, is in real estate and life insurance when he is at home. He was also in the Canadian rush on the Paardeberg laager. Being a youth of cheerful and speculative temperament, he would be shrewd enough to pronounce on the chances of a new country if any one brought him the facts and figures — and the fancies. As it is, he lies in bed with a bullet through his leg, and thinks about a Vancouver girl. Colliss, also a Weatern man, in real estate, would be another splendid recruit. He shed his blood for the country with a vengeance, the bullet merely missing an artery. He wonld stay in the country if properly approached. He is sinfully proud of the fact that of 850 Canadians engaged in this business not more than 460 are at this date available. And they were not cut down by sick ness nor cut off by patrols. We may assume, then, that among the hos pitals lie 300 Canadians of the very stamp and breed we require — young, sound, clean, in telligent, well-educated, of whom 75 per cent, hold or have held land. Three hundred possible heads of sane and soaped families. And not a man to show them maps and photos, and plans, to develop schemes' to lure them to stay in South Africa. We shall let all these beautiful men, and hundreds and hundreds more, go back to their own place and never lift a finger to stay them. Truly we are the moat wasteful as we are the most idle nation under heaven ! Derby and Dinniss and Crich and Neeld and Johnson and the young postman at Criefi, and my own post man at Bottingdean (he is here in a bearer com pany), and the man that drives the big brewery waggon at Newhaven (he is here in the Black Watch, and was hit at Magersfontein), must go home when the war is ended. Blessings and .thanks go with them. They are all either Beseve men, their places waiting for them, or men of the regular line with out a trade. But we need Mylton when b.e gets better, and Nixon and Colliss and Lascelles and the Twins, and a tew thousand more of their kidney to stay and inherit. For the land is a good land. It has been wil fully and wickedly starved — starved by policy and craft through many years lest an incompetent race should be found out before the face of the nations. 