Tattersall's (J. Charles) • saltation- Con- Tha drawers of the placed horses in J. Charles' (W. A. Tatters all's) sweep on the Ballarat Summer Gup were as follow : — First horse: Bolanos— Hamburg, 5 care of O. Williams, Fremantle, £1,890 10s; second horse, Great Heart—' Brisbane,' care of O. Williams, Fremantle, £521 10s; third horse, Belemnite—T. Ann draws, care of Mornington Mills, W.A., £173 15a 6d» Come, see and be conquered.' Our premises are always open for inspection, our departments are replete with all necessaries; our Furnishing Ironmongery Is new, good, and cheap. KSIGHT, ATKINS and CO.* There is now a feeling that the prorogation of Parliament is within measurable distance, and that there is a strong likelihood of the week after next witnessing the completion of the labors of the present session. . Mr H. V. Mummery, M.P.8., has now taken control of the dispensing department of the W.A. DRUG STO&E;, Every care taken to stock a'freBh supply of the Purest Drugs.* The following new justices of the pjeace have been appointed for the magisterial districts mentioned:—Mr Bernard Leslie and Mr William F. Oonnell, North Goolgardia; Mr Alonso Polybank WymoDt?, Coolgardie; and Mr ErneBt Albeit Le Souef, Perth. The decision of the people of fonr towns on the fields is, that KNIGHT ATKINS and Co is the Cheapest All- Bound Firm for Groceries, and hold the largest stocks on the field. The public are respectfully request-d to examine onr showrooms. No one pressed o buy.* In his evidence for the defence in the Tyson succession duty case at Brisbane Mr T, A. Dibbe, manager of the Commercial Banking CoVpany of Sydney, said Tyson's station and Brisbane acconota were paid from his bank in Sydney. Tyson, he mentioned, was a dangerous customer to have when a big deposit fell due. He would threaten to withdraw end place the money in another bank unless a hilf per cent, or more interest was given, and be had done it, too. The Chinese Wall is the largest in the world. It waB completed by the first 1mpenr of the Tain Dynasty, about 220 BO. Its length is 1,250 miles; thickness, 26ft. The wall was built to keep people out. KNIGHT ATKINS and Co give a cordial invitation to come in and Buy New Season's Fruits for Christmas; clean, sound, and cheap* While the will of a rich Swies gentleman named Gehrig was being read before his sorrowing relatives in Geneva recently the ' deceased' walked: into the room. The assembly, taking him for a ghost, flsd in all directions, and it was with the greatest difficulty that he was enabled to explain that he had cot been drowned, as had been reported, bat was called away upon important business, which had kept him some time. The death notices and various accounts of his life afforded M. Gehrig great amusement. 