[?] ffUBLISHEB- TXY . SPECIAL AUBANGKMKNT. ImUior ef ' The Great Porter Square Mystery,' 'Grif,' 'The Sacred Nugget,' ♦♦iliriam Sozolln,' 'A Fair Jewess,' ' Tho Golden Land,' 'The Betrayal of John Fordlmra',' &c;, &o.; COPYRIGHT.. CHAPTER XI.— [Continued.) '! It'is comparatively harmless,' hn said, ' ' wbon tnltcn as I direct, though its habitual nso would certainly lend to injurious results.' ' A romark which applies to nil narcotics,' aaid Mnubray. 'That is so, but in this dni£ thero is Bpccial danger. Use It only when thero is imperative iicud for it, mid keep it. looked ? away, so that it. shall -not fall into the hands of any other person than youraclf. Its nature is absolutely deadly, and only the smallest dose can bo taken with safety.' ' I will keep it in a secret drawer in this Btudio,' said Maubray, ' whinh no ono can opon but myself. Them thoro is another safe guard in the label. ' Deadly Poison ' which you have properly affixed to tho wrapper.' This conversation was taking- place in tho Ruinod Tower, and Maubray showed Dr. Weber tho secret drawer in which ho deposited the powder. 'What would be the effect of a double dose?' Dr. Weber looked at him apprehensively. 'Do not bo alarmed, I have no intontion of mis-using it. Tho crisis is past and my mind is recovering its balance. In proof of which I have resolved to paint a new Marguerite, and am already eager to commence. I have even selected my model, and have my canvas ready.' 'That will be bettor than any medicine I can administer,' said Dr. Weber, hailing with dolight this healthy symptom. 'Who is your model?' ' Her name is I'Vida ; the daughter of a workman in tho quarries, I was sitting at my window here, and she passed along the road. Beholding her, I was irresistibly re minded of Marguerite, and, ns usual with all crazy enthusiasts was eager to set to work immediately. She comes to- morrow morn ing. ' He spoke with animation, and Dr. Weber saw bofore him tho old Maubray ho had wished to see. Maubray returned to the theme of the drug. 'What would bo tho effect if a double doso wore taken ?' ' 'A man in perfect health would sleep for . _ three or four days. Ono in feeblo health might never awake.' ? ' And a treble dose ?' 'Would bo fatal.' 'Instantly fatal?' 'No. Within the hour, I should think, In a dose bo largo there would bo a curious variation. Instead of sending tho man to eleop, it would keep him awaks, till death Bupervoned.' ' A death of suffering ?' 'A perfectly painless death.' ' Would ho lose the tiso of his faculties ?' 'Ho would retain them to the last.' 'Then the death trance,' said Maubray, thoughtfully. 'It is fortunate that tho secret of this drug is known to few.' 'I believe it to be known only to myself,' said Dr. Weber. 'My discovery of its effect was accidental. In its natural state it is comparatively harmless ; I prepare it, in a cortain way, and that is my secret. Only to you would I intrust, so large a quantity. You will be careful of it, Maubray.' 'Trust me. I will not mis-use it.' Hero the conversation ended, and next day Maubray began work on his famous picture of Marguerite. The image of Gabrielle was still in his mind, and he thought of her con stantly, but the sharp pang inflicted by her death had passed away, and iu its place reigned a sad and tender memory. In their conversations Dr. Weber referred frequently to Valerie, and Maubray wrote to her now more regularly and at greater long tli. Ur.iuually and surely lie re gained his usual serenity, and con , tomplated recalling his daughter home at no distent date. Events hastened tho fulfil ment of this intontion. MadamoIIartmann's husband died and she was left a childless widow. Maubray seized tho opportunity. Ho sent for Valerie, and invited his sister to take up her abode with him. She joyfully ? consented, and presently domestic happiness oncp moro reigned in tho artist's home. No shadow foil upon the peace of Crow's Nest until Maubray intercepted tho letter which Professor Floury had sent to his daughter. Two months had passed .since then, and all ? the efforts made by jVIaubray to discover tho writer had failed. The picture of Gabrielle which ho had painted hung upon the wal1 1£ his studio in tho Ruined Towor. OHAPTER XII. A 'bracelet ntid gome olel kce from Madame Hartmann, ' With loving felicitations to my dear nieco Valerie ' ; a dainty watch, exquisitely enamelled, from Dr. Weber, ' With1 affectionate wishes from an old friend'; a set of flower vases from the servants in Crow's Nest, 'With dutiful respects to our young mistress '; a fan, upon each leaf of which was an allegory, a poetical fancy, or a Bceno from nature, painted by Bernard Maubray, ' To Valerie, with her father's lovo ' ; a bouquet of white and red roses tied with a ribbon on which was inscribed, 'From Maurieo to Valerie'; these, with flowers and remembrances from humbler friends by whom she was loved, lay about tho room, and on the tablo by which Valerie wan Bitting on her twenty-third birthday. It was noon of a beautiful day in June, and all things contributed to tho young girl's happi ness ; the soft breeze, tho dreamy clouds, tho rustling of tho leaves, wero in harmony with Valerio's mood. Uneventful as her life appeared to have been, she had passed through a storm harder to bear because, like a mother protecting her young, she had taken its full force upon her shoulders ; but this heart-trial was over, and pence held out his arms to her. Sho gazed -fit the gifts, and, moving about the room, ' handled them gratefully and tenderly ; in tho dumb memorials there was a spiritual life which spoko to her in loving aoaents, glorify ing her natal day with affection worthily won siid richly deserved. Gentle and sweet to nil who came in contact with her, recognising no differences in .social rank as a claim upon tho measure of her regard, no less merciful to the poor than to the rich, it would have been strango indeed had sho failed to win affection, for though thero is much that is mean and time-serving in the world, there are ' beneath this sordid crust sterling qualities which ring true when brought within the influence of such unselfish kindness, bh Valerie showed to high and low alike. Tho jyifts by which she was surrounded were proofs of this. They were tho unsought re ward of tho efforts of an unselfish nature ; they spoko of the past and the present, and tho bouquet of roses, emblem of the future, Bang its silent song of luvo. Sinking into a v ehair, sho raised the flowers to her lips and kissod them, and with her closed eyes resting lightly on the leaves saw visions which stirred ler soul with u snored joy. This was the Jpringtimo of her life ; the promise of summer Vas smiling upon her. There had been dark lays in tho past, days of sorrow and anguish n which she had watched tho fading of a life iear to her und most dear to her father, days Irnlightened by 8 word of sympathy, and for Rune time thereafter ulio had not known K; but os this happy day theso gritrfa twjfottca in the reverie into which aha had fallen, wherein was depicted in glowing , colours tho realisation of a maiden's sweetest hopes. Bernard Maubray entered the room while sho was thus engaged, and m absorbed was sho that sho was not aware of his presence. Ho stood regarding hor with a tender smile, divining hor thoughts, and sympathetically recalling tho lirao when he himself indulged in dreams such as this dear child of his heart was dreaming. His love for Valerio's mother and for Gabrielle had not failed from his memory, but, had merged itself into love for tho ono being of his blood who was loft to him — a lora as absorbing as that which the young girl entertained for Maurice. 'Thus did I once dream,' ho thought. ' May sho be spared tho shadows which fell upon my life !' Presently ho laid his hand upon her shoulder, and she opened her ej-es mill blushed ; but, she did not lay the flowers aside. Ho had come from his studio in the Ruined Tower, where, with Frida for model, | ho had been engaged since breakfast on his new picture of Undine. His first words were of Frida. 'I have given her an hour's rest,' he said. ' If we overtiro our models something is lost which it, is hard to regain. Frida is ;i trea sure ; her capacity for expression is extra ordinary. These outwardly placid persons have strong hidden currents in them which opportunity brings to tho surface.' ' Then you have done well this morning?' said Valerie, slipping her hand into his as ho took his seat at her side. 'Does tho artist ever do well?' here joined. ' Is ho ever satisfied ? Ho dreams of an ideal and paints it in fairy colours ; lie muses, ho exults, ho stands bofore his canvas and commences witli fervour. To the world ho says, under his breath, ' I will show you a great work,' and to- day, -when ho examines tho labours of yesterday, ho doubts, ho trembles, ho sits in scornful judgment upon his masterpiece, which he finds after all but a bundling piece of work. Well for him that his vain boast was not heard.' 'But it is always so with tho artist,' said Valerie, kissing his hand. 'Yes, it is always so with him. Tho per formance never realises tho dream. Then is ho haunted by mocking ghosts, then is ho tortured by fears of failure. Down from tho heights he topples in his own esteem, and finds himself but common clay. It is the just fato of the pigmy who in a fino frenzy believed himself a giant.' 'Maurice says that is .the true artistic feeling. Wo are not competent to judge ourselves.' 'Are we not indeed?' ho said affec tionately. ' So Maurice has been luring you into conversations upon art for the purpose of airing his views. It is always what Maurice says — Maurieo the invincible, tho infallible, who issues his ultimatum and dares us to question it. Pray, who constituted him tho judge? What credentials has he? In what, school has he learned to correctly gauge the artistic sense, the artistic performance? How easy it is to be a critic ! Boys fresh from school presume to mar or make reputa tions, presume to say, ' Well done, ' or stroking their beardless chins suggest improvements in shadow and outline. This is tho world as it is to-day. I was not aware that Maurice was a. painter, Valerie.' 'No father,' said Valerie, 'Maurieo is not. a painter but ? ' 'I will have no 'buts.' Do you not see that I am terribly in earnest t Is this great critic a painter?' ''No, father.' ' . ' I thought as much. What is ho, then!*' 'He is ? he is Maurice,' she said, with a smile. 'Now, where shall I find an argument to meet that lucid description of Maurice? It is unanswerable — eh ?' He took the bouquet from her hand. 'Ho sent you these flowers — I see the snake in the grass— his card — and on it, 'From Maurice.' Is there magic in theso simple words ? ' From Maurice !' Ah, well, I must confess, I suppose. I had a let ter from Maurice this morning, and I won dered at his reason for writing to mo.' She looked up shyly, lovingly, smilingly. ' Traitor ! You knew he had written 1'' 'Yes.' ' He wishes to speak to mo upon a matter which ho declares is vital. Valerie, assist me ; we will enter into a conspiracy to defeat him. What is this vital matter he wishes to discuss ?' ' Father !' '?- . 'Yes, child.' ? y 'What will you say to 'ATanrico ?' ' What would you wish mo to say to him ? I am open to reason, Valerie.' She put her arms rouud his nock, and. hid her face on his breast. ' Which means that I must receive him courteously. I promise that. It is his due — I acknowledge it. Ho is a man ot honour, of good family, an honest, earnest gentloman. What more can a father desire when t&e; happiness of a dear child is at stake P Is that, indeed,- bo, Valeric-?' ' Yes, father.' ' You lovo him ?' ' Devotedly. I would dio for him, and he for me.' ' Yet I am bound to consider that he comes to rob mo of a treasure moro precious to mo than life itself. What, can I do to protect myself ? Forbid him tho house ? S°t spies upon the public road to warn mo of his approach P' She smiled, having no fear ; it was sweet to listen to this pretence of disapproval., knowing, as sho did, that thoro was no sacrifice ho was not ready to make to onsuro her happiness. 'Theso imperious lovers,' ho continued, ' after insidiously undermining the strong hold, present themselves as conquerors. Alexander himself could not bo more coca manding. So confident are they that ti&y; do not even draw their swords, but rushing upon you, cry 'Victory,' and order you to sur render. And wo do it. What other course is open to us when the dear traitor iu our house has stolen our arms, and opened the gates to tho invader ?' His assumption of light humour, under which he sought to con ceal his emotion, failed him here, and he foldod Valerie in his arms. ' You will not lose me, father. You will gain another child. Maurieo has no parents, and he loves and honours you. I should not bo your daughter if I provod ungrateful for all your goodness to me. We have hidden nothing from you. I think you must hnvo seen ? ' 'Yes, I havo seen, and I am afraid encouraged. What does your aunt say of Maurieo?' 'Sho holds him iu tho highest esteem.' ' Aud so do I. I havo studied him, and I boliovo him to bo a good man. If I did not I would not give you to him. Dear child, bo happy.' Ho ombraced her tenderly, and leA her to meet Maurice Godefroy, whom ho Su1' 'ris- ing the lawu. CHAPTER XIII. Greetings exchanged, Bernard Maubray led the young lawyer to bio Btudio in tho Ruined Tower ; a proceeding of good augury, iot Volem'o layer kuow that nous bat tho irtist's mnnt intimato frionds wero ndinittefil rhoro. Maurioo was not a nativo of Born; lie wns born and brought up in 1'aris, and upon iho advico of friends had. Kolected Uin. Swiss city as a promising field for the nxoroisi; of his profession. Ho had had an uphill fight, and it was only after somo years of struggle that ho had succeeded in planting his foot firmly on tho ladder. Through the. friendly offices of Dr. Wobor, whose good favour ho had won, a complicated case bristling with difficulties had boon placed in his hands. Failure was predicted by all the legal luminaries of Bern, and Maurice felt that failure meant moro to him than tho mere losing of tho easo. Ho had seen Valerie and Inved her ; but Dr. Webor alone was in the secret of his attachment to Bernard Maubray's daughter. ' You will not be in a position to present yourself as her lover,' said the kind doctor to the ambitions young mini, ' until you havo ynndo a inline for yourself. Now prove tho mettle you are made of. Here is a case which ninety-nine lawyers out of a hundred would lose. Win it, mid win Mndemoifsfillo Valeric.' No greater incentive could bo given. Day and night were devoted by (-?.ie young advocate tc Iho study of tho case, vnd in the teeth o) immoiiHu odds and with si formidable array ol illustrious counsel against him, ho had con ducted it, to a triumphant issuo. Talented, ambitious, and full of enthusiasm, ho fell himself now justified in proffering his suif for Valerie's hand, and it was for this pur- pose he had written to Bernard Maubray foi an interview on hor birthday. Introduced to the family by Dr. Weber he soon Immune a favourite in Crow's Nest, and i.Ue progress of the love affair was watched by Bernard Maubray with silent1 approval. But prepared ashowas foritsnatura: development it was not without a pang thai he contemplated surrendering his daughter ta another man's care. The last few months ol close association with her had proved to him that she was worthy of tho best he had to bestow. Ho was one of those men to whom tho bestowal of love brings the sweetest pleasures, and in common with all noble natures ho found it a greater blessing to give than to receive. The sorrows of his past Ufa were chastened ; he did not, he could not, forget, but the violence of his grief had passed away. To this happier frame of mind Valerie had largely contributed. Considerate and thoughtful to an unusual degree in a young girl, she. had so ministered to him as to rovivo all that was best in his nature, and at tho same time to implant in his heart a boundless lovo for her. Thoro was in this a possibla danger — a danger that, under certain not impossible conditions, it might lead to violont extremes. Had this been pointed out to him ho would havo listened with incredulous ears, but it was none the less truo that ho had become morbidly nervous for her safety. Tho growth of this feeling commenced upon the receipt of tho letter which had been addressed to hor by an anonymous correspondent. Ho would wake up in the middle of the night with tho thought in his mind, 'Is Valerie safe ?' and he would steal from his room to listen at her door, and to walk softly through the house and often into tho grounds in search of somo hidden enemy. Tender and strong-minded as he was, there camo into play a quality of intensity which caused him to insensibly magnify every incident or circumstance in relation to her. Given a knowledge or suspicion that her happiness was in peril, and that an enemy wjis really watching his oppor tunity to do her an ill turn, ho would have so brooded upon it that it was likely the even balance of his brain would be disturbed and his usually clear judgment clouded. Thiu partiality and disposition to morbid inclining sprang entirely from his personal affections ; in all other matters ho was impartial and unbiassed. On two occasions a singular occurrence ha£ puzzled him. On the first occasion he was sitting ug late, when all in the house had retired to rest. Fancying ho beard a sound without, ho went into the grounds to ascertain tho causo. Ho saw nothing, and heard nothing moro to warrant the fancy, but he brooded upon it, and ho did not go to bed till past midnight. Tho next day, as he was passing into the public road through the front gate, ho saw upon tho ground a small gold pencil, of which he rccol* lected having mado free use before he went to his'bedroom. Of this ho was convinced, auij ho could not understand how it could havo found its way to tho spot upon which ho 'found it. : On the second occasion tho introductory circumstances wero of a similar nature. Agaies he was sitting up late wheu the members of hia household were in their beds. Again ho fancied ho heard a sound outside tho house. Ho stole ? to Valerie's , door and heard her foft breathing. Sho slept with hce door unlocked, and with a night-light burn ing. Softly opening the door, ho saw thssS sho was slumbering peacefully. Again hs went out, and could discover no causo for tin* fancy. It was raining, ? and thero was mud on the paths. Ho recollected, or thought feo recollected, that upon his return to tho hous© he had exchanged his muddy shoes for a pare of slippers. Again he retired to rest after mid night. The next morning he noticed thai the slippers ho had worn, and which now lay on the bedroom floor! were covered with mud. He asked himself how the mud could havo got upon them, and he searched his memory whether he had worn them bofo'ro he went into the grounds. After a period of reflection he decided that his memory must bo at fault, and that they must havo been on his feat when ho walked through tho grounds. Ho mado no mention of these incidents, and, no further alarm occurring, he ceased to troublo himsolf about them. Closeted now with Maurice, the young man explained the purport of his visit, aud in modest and well-chosen words solicited Maubray's consent to his suit with. Valerie. w Certain worldly questions must be asked »ad aRsrvsered boi'oro I can give you a reply,10 said Ifanbruy. ' There is a material side ta this mutter. What can yon offer my daughter?' , ' An honoured name, sit, and tho prospeci ' of a prosperous future, whioh it is my deweaS hope sho will share' 'Nothing moro?' ?? A love as devoted as it is :n tke nataM «5 man to feel.' 'It should count for much,' said Bero«s3 Manbray. 'It is a sacred chargo you ai-& ed me.' 'I will fcoM it to. To make her h;:pfjj shall be the object of my life.' Thero was a pause before Bernard Maubras spoke agrtin. It whs a promise he liimxea had made in yours goco by, and wfcfeSt with all his earnestneitM he had endeavoured to fulfil. w At* to year present means?' ''They are not large. lean maintain 8 fc»aie iu fiiir comfort. Our Htato will not to Insurious, but there is the future.' ' Yes, thero in always the future. & nat.uro such as Valerio's can bo happy with out, luxury.' 'Then you consent, sir?' said Muiu'ieo. ' Not yet, ' replied Maubray, smiling aft the young man's eagerness. ' Youth is sin guiiie and impetuous. Before money, befotsi lovu even, stand honour and integrity. I da not say it of you, nor do I suspect it, or we should not now bo diseu.ssinga matter dear hs me as to you, bat there are men who offer o mnidou tho stalo lees of a life ot disrepute, who hold wliKt, I deuni sacred in small eslee.a, . Such unions breed misery. They may bring a gross pleasure to tho husband, but thttfr bring a mural death to tho wife. Jn suofl case marriage is not si blessing, but a curse.*' ' I entirely agree with you, sir.' 'Tell mo something of your pas*,, Maurice.' [to be co.vmuisD.] MC-ffi Mrs. Dix : 'Isn't your mother very gle3 you have recovered from the whonpis^' cough f' Dick; ' I d-wi't believe so, ma'aai-j you can't think ho-.v it :iie:;mi1 the baby.' Coloaet John Morgan, /^:^ Jlnyor of Jireces, recently signified bis isSus-ion of laying dows at Wu own cost pliinfc Swt&o; electric liuhtii» cftfes town. It ia eotji^eil that tkia igli prtict£ss% mean a jjjit-aS'-kAS^, jS3i.-;iKi.«. 