EDITOR'S COLUMN. The event of the week has been un doubtedly the turning of the first sod of the Lismore-Casino railway. Quite unexpectedly the occasion proved to be one of the greatest possible importance to Grafton, for the Premier unmistnke- ably announced that ttie policy of the Government was to continue the line southwards. This -was anything but the answer that was anticipated. The deputation whifih elicited it was full of the .continuation of the line to the west. Aiiy extension to the soutli was inimical to their interests, at. present: Consequently the check to their as pirations was all the more severe. TnE Premier, by his answer, showed himself to lie thoroughly conversant with the railway ambitions of both the, Clarence and Richmond district. He discerned the selfish policy of the members for the Richmond and Ten- terfield, who wanted to thrust a rail way between those points upon him to the exclusion of all else, and in his decided manner he expressed his fail ure to see tiie conflict of interests between the coast and the tableland railway, but if there were any then the tablennd railway must stand aside, for the Government wpre determined to push on the coast line. . Casino must be complimented on the completeness of the arrangements to make the occasion one of special re joicing. Favoured by delightful weather tile prettily-situated town wore its holiday garb. Monday was re-, garded as an eventful day in its histo'ry, and if endless arches, innumerable flags, and a general air of satisfaction among the citizens were the necessary elements it was made so. Indeed, the town on Mondny took on quite the appearance of a city. So many city men bustled in and out of Stirgoss' well-appointed hotel, and ilia traffic was so j;reat, that CaBitio wns, for the time, transformed. Everything passed off as anticipated — except the Minis- Winl pronouncement on tho railway policy, the difficulty in landing at Byrpn Boy, and the delay at .the Richmond Hends. We have received an interesting com munication from a distant land. It tells its own story : — "lu your issue of September 7. in dealing witli the remiuisence of an aid N. S. W, jury case, after relating tiie experience of inen beiug put on the chuiu, you state ' things are couducted very differently in tliis advanced age.' Were you living on the gold-ficl'ls of Western Australia you would find the chain system still in vogue. Only last week a mail was put on the chain. Drunks arc tethered to a post aud, liko tho pillory of Dcfoo, are made to feel their hnniiliatiog position. There is a boarding- house immediately opposite the chain -ground and the unfortunate is thero' on view to the 40 or 50 men staying at the house. Leonora, a town of six hotels and a municipality, had' the chain system in vogue until quite re cently, Mount Morgans boasts of four fine briok hot-Is ; Lavertou, close by, lias four hotels. About £12.000 per mouth isspent in Wages at tjiose pl iers, yet neither can boastof a school. Plenty of churches, hut no school 1 A municipality and no school I Any wondor that the trail of tho lag system is so aptly illustrated in the chaining of men like wild boasts to be tho subject of the jests of tho Butcher boys aud auy passer-by. No ! things are not conducted differently iu this ad vanced ago. Sirs. F.. who is a native of Grafton, rend with pleasure of the bhcccbs of your singers in Syduey. — RopKliT P. Flanders, Mount Margaret Gold-fields, W. A'" - '' j Another correspondent sends us a de- plorublo picture of tho condition of aflairs in the far-west corner of this colony. Here are extracts from his letter: — "Iu 1809 only seven inches of rain were recorded here, and since March of this year not ono inch has fallen. At Milpariuka, 26 miles towards Wilcannia, tlioy get their fresh meat from here, and the butcher — who ia also my hotel landlord — told me ta-uight that where to turn for beef or mutton he knew not. The stato of the country is be yond belief. Not n speck of green I The Bnlt-bush alone keeps life in the starving brutes, and when tho travelling stock reach water they drink till they are gorged, and are then unnhie to get out of the tank. Out of a mob of 400 that left a station something over 200 mile a north of here 180 dropped dead before reaching here. . I saw three lio down and give up the ghost. To sec those masses of bones and mournful eyes stagger by, and hear tlio pitiful lowing of the fam ished beasts wns enough to bring tears from the heart of a stone. . . Kerosene, camel carried, costs 15s por tiu. To put a horse in tho hotel stnhle for a night 7s 61. A set of horse- shoes fitted 7s. Firewood £2 2s per lonil. If no rniu conies this month wc are cooked." The capability of the port of the Clarence' as a safe harbour was once again' demonstrated this week, and at a most opportune time. Tho Kallatina before, daylight on. Monday safely negotiated the entrance, despite tiie fact that a stiff southerly wns blowing. The Captain Cook, on Sunday, was unable to moor alongside the Byron Buy jet'y, Hnd tlie-Furhamentary pnrly had to ho transhipped into surf boats. Tho steamer, , oil Sunday, Mon dny, and Tuesday was unnhie to enter the Richmond heads, and the Premier hud to be takcti back to Byron Buy and re- shipped by the surf-bout pro cess. And yet a member of the depu tation to the Premier; had thn impu dence to say that the Captain Cook was unable to enter either the Clarence or tlio Richmond, ..utiddiud to go oil to Byron Buy . - Penny Postaub and 6u Telegrams.— With reference to the Chamber of Com merce's request tlint the penny postage and 6d telegram systems be extended tn the different Post Offices in thu Clarence River district, the Deputy P.M.G. points out Graftou is already the- centre of a penny postage area, but the P..M.G. has no ob jection to the 0d . telegram system being extended thereto, although lie cannot ap prove of all the Post Offices in the Clarence River district-being included iu the concess ion. The penny postage area is Bawtlcn Bridge, Brusiigrovp, Coldstream, Copnian- hurst, Coutl'a Crossing, Cowper. Entonsville, Gerrymberryn, Grafton, Kangaroo Creek, Lower -Southgate, Ramornii', Seelands, Southgate, South Grafton, Stockyard Creek, Ulmarra, Upper- Coldetreain, Upper Cop- mauhuret, aud Whitemau Creek. Sad Drowniso Fatality. — Wo regret exceedingly to lenrn of the death, by drowning, of Mr. W. B. Haffenden's eon Leo. It appears that the boy who wns eight years of age, was playing iu a bunt ou the sand at Ulmarra about I o'clock oh Wed nesday. By some means the boat got afloat with him iti it. Tlio little fellow tried to push Iter back with the paddle, but lost it overboard. He jumped into the river to re cover (it, and being unable to swim was droivneri'before<lielp: could arrive. As souii as the accident was known annmbcr of per sons made overy effort.to recover tho hotly but fully half-an-hour elapsed before they succeeded. Even, then Dr. Mucky and others did all they possibly could to resmui- tate him, but without avail. The Funeral took place yesterday. The greatest sym pathy is expressed for the bereaved family. Maclean Flower Show. — The Maclean Flower Show on Wednesday last was at tended by about- 800 people. Tlio flower sections were good, but the show of-fruit and vegetables did not come up to expect ations. - Competition was Iteon in the domestic and school-work classes. The con cert in the evening was an uuquniifled succese, the attendance being a record for Maclean. Amongst those who scored suc cesses during the evening were Mrs. Donald son, Miss L. Hann, and Mr. H. W. Wutis. Owing to pressure on our space the show awards are crowded, out. Almost without exception the prize-winners resided ou the Lower Clnrence. The Bellioger Heads Soliool (Mr. A. . M'Lachlnn, teacher) how ever, scored well in the school classes. Elsie Ellis won a special prize for lettor writing, while William Taylor took first prizes fur plain writing, exorcise book, letter askingpfor employment, and second prize, for home lesson book. " Up to yesterday afternoon 5094' flying fox claws had been paid for, necessitating an expenditure of £21 4s 6d. £16 ISs has so far been collected, , At a meeting of the League last evening the Treasurer reported that orders were outstanding for tho pay ment of a further 1284 claws. It was de cided to make no payments nor receive orders for claws pending the receipt of a reply to tho Lesguo's application for a £20 grant from the Government. — City Banij, — At a meeting of the com v mittoe held lust ovening it was decided "that the hand's' services he granted for the pro posed Friendly Societies' Hospital Demon stration on the 7th proximo. It .vas arranged to hold a family picnic on Susan Island on the 12tli proximo. Dr. Hcury was elected vice-president and Mr. E. Johuson trea surer. Thehaud will tender Mr. Attivator a weleomo home on Monduy evening. ' Casino-Lismorb Line.— Tho length of tho Casino to Lismoro section of the North Coast tine <b 18 miles. ' It will bo built upon tho duy- lubour principle, and will eost £7090 per mile. Tho " Northern Star" is responsible for the etn foment that work wilt not bo commenced for at ienst two months. Tho tine lias to be re-peggod, nud thero may possibly be smne small deviations. Thu key to tho whale position is the tunnel near Bentley. This will probably take IS months to construct, and thuro urn heavy earthworks at either end. It will bo passible to start the other work six mouths-after the tunnel and fio com pleted as soon, CoPMANHUUST, Tuesday. — A nasty ncoi- dent happened to Mr F. Hunter last Satur day afteruoan. Hu and another man were having a short spurt on liorsehnuk when a clog ran out and upset Hunter's horse — tlio rider rcceiviug n nasty full, rendering him uncousoinus for some time. He was carried to the Commercial Hotol where ho was at tended to, anil is now recovcriug. Hehad.a very nnrrow escupe, Small Debts Ccuiit.— On Monday, before the P.M., Ernest Howard v. J. R.. Stephens. Sydney, a claim of £9 3 3d for board and lodging. Mr Dowling appeared for plaintiff, for whom a verdict was returned for the amount claimed. Clarke's Would-Fameji Blood Mixiuuiq — "Tho moBt searching Bland Cleanser tha » scicnco and medical skill luiva brought to light,' SufTerors from Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Logs, Skin nud Blood IliseiHus, l'imples and Sol os of any kiud, are solicited to give it u trial to test its value. Thousand,, of wonderful cures have boon effected by it. Buttles '2s 6,1 cncli, sold overywbero. Beware of worthless imitations aud substitutes, » 