A SOLDIER'S GHOST STORY. This is a True Story told by aii Old Penaloner to a former Chaplain of Ohalaea Hoapltal. In the year 1799 there was a large garri son at Dover as there was at that time a constant expectation of an attack from France. There were six battalions at Dover, four of whioh were quartered in the Gastle. On January 14th there happened an event wiuuii iiiuuu u gictfru uiijiicooiuii iuo |jaur son, and which was never explained. Among the men whoso duty was sentry-go on that night was Giles Markham, a native of Towkesbusy, who was what is called "a character." A bold, boisterous, rollioking fellow, he always loudly expreesed a dis belief in things which were not vouched for by bis own senses. On tlie night of January 14th, 1799, Giles Markham wont on to take his turn of sentry duty at eleven o'clock, and he was to be at his post until one in the morning. The air was cold and bracing. Within the guardhouse a largo fire blazed merrily, and the men wore merry too. Markhnm, who wns always the leading'spirit among his comrades, was full of fun, and had entertained his comrades with many a story and jest. At length his turn for duty came, and ho reluctantly turned out. I Dul- ness fell upon the guardhouse whon he left, and most of tho men dropped into a doze. The fire was beginning to burn low when suddenly the voico of tho sentry at the guardhouse-door was heard calling out, and some one ruslicd into the room. Every one was awake in a minute, and the intruder TT(t9 ovvii tv wo unco iuivt iviiuiiii uia viiwvao were white, his limbs trembled, his firelock, which he had brought with him, fell with a crash to the ground. The whole of the guard were by thiB time alarmed, and all crowded round the man and asked in one voice - 'What's the matter, Markham? What lias haqpetied ?' ' I have seen my mother,' gasped the un happy man. ' Seen the devil !' said the sergeant. 1 And suppose you have, why did you quit your post ?' ' Wns I to go into the sentry-box while my mother was hero?' demanded Markhani, shaking from hend to foot as if in an ague fit. ' f tell you, I couldn't do it — no, not if it were to save my life.' 1 It won't do, Markham,' said the sergeant. ! Recollect that there are Buch things as the Articles of War. It won't do to crack your jokes at tho expense of them.' But Markham's manner so impressed the men that some of them almost unconsciously noted the time by tho guardroom clock. It was five-and- twenty minutes to one, and a memorandum was mado of tho time. ' I am sorry for you, Markham,' said the sergeant, 1 but this must be reported to the officer, and you must take the consequences.' ' I don't care what the consequences may be, or to whom you report mo,' he replied. When the officer arrived he, of course, de- manded an explanation. Markham, who had by this time recovered his solf-composnre, then gave the following account of his ad venture — ' You know where my post was,' he said, ' on tho platform of Number Five battery, which overlooks the sea. The sentry whom I relioved reported 'All well,' Over the surfaco of the Cliannol, as far as my eyes could reach, not a thing wns moving. The noises from the town grew every moment less and less, and at last they died away, so that when tho clocks struck twelve thoro was not a sound except the roar of the sea. I have often done duty on that post before, but never have I felt the silence as I did to-night. 1 was thoroughly depressed by the stillness and lonoliness around me. And then I fell a-thinking. I thought of my past life, and I knew that it had not been all it ought to have been. I thought of my mother, and I remembered iiow she used to weep over my father's loose life — and it was a very loose life — and how she used to pray that I might turn out a better man' than he was. Poor mother ! I stood beside the gun, and wopt like a baby as I thought other, and of what sho would think of mo now. After a time the feeling wore off, and I laughed at myself for giving way to silly sentiment- alism. I faced about and walked to the end of my beat, and then, feeling tired, made for the sentry-box. Sir, you may not believe me, but as there is n heaven above us, there at the box stood my mother. Sho was pale, and looked at me wit ban expression of sorrow that cut me to tho heart. I was glued to the spot. I could not move. I heard her voice. Sne said, ' This day twelve months we shall meet again.' The words smote me, and I, who was novor frightened before, quaked with fear — fear of what I know not. I tried to speak, but couldn't. At length I found feeling return to my legs, and I bolted. Believe me as you like, every word I have said, sir, is true.' 'You have told a strange story, Mark ham,' said the officer, ' to account for your commission of a serious military offence. But I will do this much for you. A prisoner you must be, and a report must be sent in to morrow to the colonel ; but he shall be told your talo, and as you have been a good soldier I will beg his leniency for you. You aro a native of Tewkotbury, you say. Does your mother live there ?' 'I have every reason to suppose so,' answered Markham. 'It is years since I have seen her or written to her.' 'Very well,' said the officer, 'your mother shall be written to ; and your fate will depend on the answer.' Markham was kept a prisoner that night, and was reported next morning. Two letters were despatched by the colonel, one to Markham's mother, and another to the clergyman of the parish in which she was supposed to reside. In due course there came back answers to both letters. One was in tho handwriting of Markham's father, and the other from the parson. The latter stated that he had received an. intimation the very morning whon the colonel's let»- reaclied him that the woman concorni,.. whom the inquiries had been made waB to be buried next day. Markham, senior, in his letter stated that his wife had died at half-past twelve on tho night of January 14th. The newa made so much impression on the colonel that Markham was released. Time rolled on until a year had gone, and Markham's regiment was at Ashford. Whon January 14th came round again Markham seemed bb healthy as ever. He had gone through n hard fatigue duty in the day, and when bedtime came he gladly tumbled in, saying a cheery "Good-night" to his com rades. That was at ten o'clock. Some two hours and a half atterwards one of the men of Markham's company, who had had leave to be late, came in, and was a bit noisy. Some of the men woke up, and Markham's voice was heard saying, 'I am coming, mother.' It was 12.80 on tho 14th January. Markham was found dead in his bed the next morning, with a peaceful, Jiappy look in hiB face. 