SOCIAL 60SSIP. VANITY FAIR By "J.M.D. LONDON, Jan. 12. The usual list of New Year honours and decorations hardly seemed to fit in with the times somehow. Sir -John Lubbock becomes a peer, quite naturally. In the Commons he was now and then a thorn in the 6ide of certain Ministers. Sir Henry Stafford Xorthcote, Lord Iddesleigh's brother, the most industrious and steady going of diplomatists, also becomes a peer. Having married Lord Mountetephen's . adopted daughter and heiress, he will be able to keep up the title. Dr. Lauder Brunton becomes Sir Lauder. A clever, energetic, popular man of science. Some years ago he wrote a text-book on diseases of the digestive organs, which is said to be a most humorous and amusing work. The price of c-oal has risen enormously, almost to the rates of the "leaps and bounds" year, 1872; but the working man is not to blame this time. It is Govern ment, who have engaged all the railway trucks and all the coal and labour on war contracts. Luckily there is no frost or enow, or the frozen lower classes might grumble. Nobody, rich or poor, does grumble, however, at anything while the war is going on. Indeed, all sorts of quar rels, -squabbles, and scandals are forgotten, made up, or settled in the presence of the | serious business going on elsewhere. The wave of emigration among the aristocracy and leisured classes to "the front" con tinues to grow day by day, and the only "bad form" recognised is the offence of staying at home. There is a humorous side to the volunteer movement, also, the anny doctors having received the hint in many cases to reject "impossible" warriors on medical grounds. Among the victims of this official conspiracy is Howard Vin cent, a rather pompons and misunderstood statesman. Sir Howard, however, nothing daunted, is going out to the Cape as a tonrist, although he is not to command the City Volunteer Eegiment. Captain Hol ford, the Prince of Wales's equerry, was on the point of starting for the front when the doctors rejected him. He has not been in good health for yean. Fox-hunting and cover-shooting, and in addition many other ways of killing time and finding excitement, have quite gone out of fashion, this year. There is real work to do and real danger to be faced, and plenty of men of "gentle birth" ready, it seems, to tackle both. Hie late Duke of Westminster was one 'of the veterans-of thevolunteer movement. Never abBentfrom TOe 'Wimile^lon row ings, back Jii the HO'e, when the extretae firing Taage vatrSOO yard*.- To-day target practice at Wimbledon would -imperil the inhabitants of Forts^uth. C-ThiB Duke wu a lean, looked Iew4ake3ike; if possible^ jn uniform than in plain clothes. You tartar; that fas was a "<prjuid seigneur" froJn the\ fienra-. paper®, and j>jthe horse* he rodei He was a i>roud» conscientious, capable wan, end made nontistajtep. -Legends .about hit income jtiour, day end nighty pleased Jth|: J)jBblic. Actually hejsvas ibftep pr4 ip-^|recent yjpars, fee having. jp§*§ I eommg its possessor. The late Duke also | struck Mr. Bobby Spencer, M.P., off hie dinner acd visiting !ist a;ter the^ Home Ru!e split. but forgave the offence in sub ,'seiaeat rear;. Very remarkable and ex ce:>;io!iL.! was the omission from the "'Pall ? Meli Gezette" of any obituary notice of ; jfce late Duke: bis death was not even ! mentioned. sltbongh he certainly was a "public ebaraeter.v An explanation cur -rent is that Wiliism Astor and the Duke ; of Westminster have never been on friendly ) terms since the purchase of Cliveden by . she American millionaire some eight years ago. They certainly had a quarrel about i the Cliveden "guest-book,*' wherein visitors ' had written their names and opinions for j fifty or sixty years. As tor said the book f ought to be included in the "furniture" sof tie house, which he had agreed to buy; i the .Duke said it was part of his personal ' belongings. Fina'ly Astor offered to sell it to the Duke for £300. "Punch" is now published in entirely new form, thereby announcing that it sur renders and gives up the ghost. Most sig nificant is the virtual disappearance of this famous comic paper, which had long been .one of the nation's minor institutions, and i a valuable expression of social life in the Victorian era. That , public which looked np to "Punch," admired its pictures, even :aughed at its humour, has passed away or is transformed; the literary illusions, en thusiasms, assertiveness of its early con tributors are no longer possible. It was a more faithful, more feingleminded, more in sular world than now exists, which con sidered the best political nit and wisdom of the moment to be embodied quite per- j leet'y in Tenniel's weekly cartoon, and the last word on British humour of the social and domestic order in Leech's or Du j Mau:ic-r"s drawings. Liniey Sambourne's work was never popular, but it was im pressive. Charles Keene was a vulgar, j scratchy nrtist, whose spurious fame proves I tfcr: the British middle class are as critical ? judges of art as their forefathers were. Harry" Furness, who was taught to drawl ! »y '"PunebY' engraver, was a great loss to ] the paper. Phi!. May, who was taken on of late years as "new blood," and in the hope of saving ihe situation, at once be-; came dull and commonplace as a '"Punch" artist. Burnaod ought to have resignedj the editorship 15 years ago. The new-pat- j tern "Punch" contains a paragraph about | writer who was "driven to steel pens in j order to make a living*'-steel and steal, j you see. This joke was first made about! Gillott some sixty-five years ago. Probably I all jokes in the English language which are! makable have been made already, while; improper jokee, on which the French comic papers. subsist, are barred in this country. The real trouble with oar comic papers nowadays is that people won't do or say comic, ludicrous * things. Everybody talks and acts like everybody else. Par venus are not conspicuously xjr sketchably loud or vulgar. Ancient peers and dowa gers are not haughty and eccentric. Medi cal students and undergraduates are not !oud and rollicky; if they are, it is in a subtle, half-toned way. Even cooks, cab men, and costermongers-once the main stay of the comic artist or journalist-are only too like their neighbours. Many Australians will remember Mr. Win. Senior, "Bedspinner," who once edi ted the Queensland Parliamentary "Han sard." He has just been appointed editor of "The Field." The winter cold has killed off sundry celebrities, male and female, but they, not having been killed in action,' do not seem to count now. Poor Mr. Schnadhorst, I fancied, had died five or rx years ago, for I wrote a sort of obituary notice of hiin that, when be finally retired-from public life, into a lunatic asylum. There he died last week. He was a draper, or rather "gents' outfitter," by profession, and never looked like anything else. He belonged to an extinct era, the era of Badical real and Badical "thorough," when there were no enemies for Englishmen to fight except each other. The whole Birmingham Radi cal movement of 1870-85 seems to have been artificial and unreal. Henry Coxwell, the aeronaut, has also died at a great age; a most respectable man, like an undertaker in appearance, always wore a high silk hat, even at the greatest altitude. I once made an ascent with him, and afterwards tried to patch up a bitter quarrel which lie had with his partner and companion in innu merable balloon ascent*, the lafe Mr, (xlaisher, more of a scientific man than Oox well. The quarrel was about nothing, BO was never made up. Sir James Paget is also dead; his dim, winr figure. sharp weather beaten(features, reddish hair, reminded one of Moltke. I remember seeing him operate m the th&tre; at St. Geoiige's Hospital. He entered wearing a long dressing sown, and all the ^mstante received him like a prince. I shall never forget his firm, accu rate grip the dissecting knife! Du h» "Pandi" teetotall|» and anti 