CHAPTER XLVI, , A MIDNIGHT MEETING. On the evening of that eventful day— the day .wb'ioir-nair witnessed' the trans formation of my friend Rudstone into a tilled and' wealthy aristocrat— I was stroll ing at about g o'clock in enclosure. I: was 3 relief to be away from the red hot stove, and 'from the chattering of my companions; ''.was very old, and I was . tyrapped in:fui. Tbe moon was shining, and myriaiis'of stars twinkled from horizon to horizon. I was in low spirits— which was one reason why I had come out. Flora bad beeptunlike berseif at supper, quiet and thbnghtffif— a rare thing for her— and I bad not seen her since she left tbe table. I feared she was feeling ill, and, of course, lover-like, I evolved all sorts of dread possibilities from this. I had in mind, besides, another' and more vague cause of anxiety, which was as yet too intangible to grasp. Tbe enclosure was deserted, though plenty ; of , noise and boisterous laughter came from tbe men's quarters, After chatting witb tbe sentry, I turned back towarde the bouse. I was half way there, wben a woman's figure slipped out from a clump ot trees, about ten yards ahead of me. To my amazement I thought that I V recognized Flora, and by rapid steps I U overtook her. When she heard- me she . '' stopped aud turned round,|and I saw that ;-: 'I was right. ;, ' ? You here, and alone !' 1 exclaimed. '} ' Are you sure you are protected from the J-. cold ? It is a bitter night. 1 believed you 1' bad gone to bed.' It was ajonely.spot, and 1 slipped an ; arm around her ; but sbs made a slight eflerft.to eaca'p'e me, and averted her eyes ,. Jiomjawe, / OTam going in now,' she said. ' Don't ,/i- detain me, DeDzil.' ' :f ? My darling are you ill ?' I asked, an 1' xiously. ''You were not yourself this . evening ; you acted Blrangely. Why did \, you come out here alone at this bour ?' 1 To think— to be by myself. Tbat Is all.' _,'? 'To think of what ? Then there is some thing on your mind, You are worried.' 'Yes, there is something on my mind,' she answered, In a low voice. ? I think of it jjvery hour— every minute. But don't ask .me what',is, Denzil, I can't tell you «*?*:.? ????-?. 1 1. have a right to know,' I replied, sul lenly. 'Yoa are changed to me, Flora ; I, see that plainly. What has oome between UB?1 ? 1 Nothing,' she said, looking at me witb pleading eyes. 'Don't Ihink that,' Den zil.. Nothing can ever come between our love unless by your own wish hereafter.' ? My own wish I' I cried, ' You know tbat will never be I Darling, tell me all.' ' There Is nothing to tell,' she inter* rupted. ' Not yet — I am sure of notbingl Ob, I fear I have said too much. Trust me, Deozil Don't ask me to explain now, Wait a few days— for a week A great deal may happen in that time, Be patient, dear. If I am acting strangely, it is for your sake.' Her enigmatic words bu: added to my bewilderment. My pride and obstinacy were aroused. ? I will say no more. Since you are so unwilling to speak, I shan't try to force your confidence.' ' ''':-r Flora put her arms about my neck, and kissed me. ?Only trust me, Denzil,' she whispered. ? Good night I ' 'Good night,' I said, coldly. She slipped from me and was gone, gliding over the snow, her. shadow trailing behind' her in the monligbt. I watched her until she' reached the house. Tben, with a dull pain at my heart, and feeling like a man who has received a stunning blow, I turned in the opposite direction. For, an hour I must have tramped here and there about tbe enclosure, unable to analyze the doubts and fears that oppressed me. Therecould only be one solution, I' told myself, and tbat I tried to put from me. -But it returned, again end again. Flora bad' either ceased ?toToye me, or she feared tbat she was beginning to do so. That would .account for. her strange be haviour, for her puzzling words. Sbe did not yet know ber own mind. At last, wretched and miserable, I re turned to the factor's bouse. I entered tbe sitting-room, and was glad to find it empty and dark. I lighted a lamp, and coaxed up the dying embers -.of tbe fire with fresh wood. I was in no mood for sleep, and for a long tnie I sat by the stove, smoking p pe a: r pipe of strong tobacco, and staring gloomily at tbe flames. Wben a distant clock struck twi've. I roused from my stupor. I felt ia better spirits, fot I had reaaontd myself into the belief that Flora still loved me, and tbat her strange actionB sprang from another cause. I blew out tbe 'imp, and, lest I should waken any of tbe sleepers in tbe house, 'I took off' my boots and carried them in one band. I went softly up stairs in tbe darkness, and threaded a long, narrow hall. Two thirdB of tbe way along this I passed tbe door of Flora's room, and I was careful not to disturb her by the slightest sound. At tbe end of the ball a window admitted the silvery glow of tbe moon, and here a cross passage turned to tbe. right. Twenty feet away a thin bar of light shone from a room that I knew was Captain Rudstone's, and beyond that lay some empty apartments. '- My own room was one of the first. I slipped into ir, put my boots on the floor, and began to grope for a light. But before I conld find the candle I was startled to hear footsteps — very faint, but unmistakable— approaching without. I crept to tbe door, and looked down the pasaage, Good heavens, did my eyes de ceive me ? Did I actually see a ghost— an apparition ? To be continued. 