MELBOURNE LETTER, (FROM OUR OWN 'CORRESPO?Nh T,) The elections are over, the races are are a thing of yesterday, and Parliament is not in session-added to this the Boer War is practically finihed, and the " crisis" in China cannot be said to have preserved its " acute" charac. ter, and consequently--all things con. sidered-we are in a state of doldrum, The Melbourne papers are beginning to feel it, as is shown by the " Age' heading a public house row on election night in a city tavern " Serious Dis. turbance." Allusion has been made in several newspapers throughout the colony to the action of the Justices at South Melbourne in fining a boy £5 or one month for playing pitch and toss on Sunday, and the conjecture has been hazarded that the two magistrates on the bench must have been Sabbatarians If these gentlemen did as a matter of fact inflict this severe penalty because the offence was committed on a Sun. day, they exceeded their powers, at there is nothing in the statute which makes the act of the lad more htinous if committed on a Sunday, It is quite true that. a man is sometimes fined more heavily for being drunk on Sun. day than on a week day, but the practice is not justified by law. A judge would hardly give one thief 8S months for stealing a horse on Saturday and another a years for stealing sheep on Sunday. The opinion is gaining ground daily that the M'Lean cabinet cannot possi bly last, and that the Premier's talk about " taking his fate from Parliament" is a piece of rhodomontade and waste of public time. He has certainly gained the unenviable distinction of baring captained about the -eakert Ministry that ever faced an Opp:siton. It seems an effort is to he made by iMr M'Lean's little band of shipwrecked politicians t) hold up Sir George Turner to the country members as a sort of Frankenstein, and to try and persuade them that under his sway Melbourne will be the congested and fattened heart, and the rural districts r the starved extremities; but I doubt it such a turnip field ghost will scare even the most timid. The action of the electors of North Melbourne in rejecting Mr Watt recalls their treatment of a Mr S. P. Reyrol.s I who at one time represented that con stituency. He "ratted" from the Patterson Government and when he next came before his constituents was rejected. Mr Watt treated Sir George Turner in the same way, and met with the same fate. In the abstract a man has a perfect right to cross the floor of the House, but where it seems that it is to his political advantage to do so, it is diffi cult for him to persuade the electors that his motives are singleminded. A good many Anglican clergymen during the last 5o years in England have joined the Church ot Rome, and no fair minded person abused them because they changed their views, but had they been popped into positions of east and opulence as soon as they entered the pale of the Catholic communion, cort ments of an unfriendly nature on the step they took could hardly have been wondered at. Messres Reynolds and Watt may not have deserted Sir James Patterson and Sir George Turner actuated by the same motives as impel the rodents to leave a ship, but some think otherwise. . The Shop and Factories Act in some i. respects is almost as confusing as the Licensing Act, at anyrate as regards some of its provisions. Shopkeepers are constantly being summoned in and around Melbourne for "keeping onen after hours," and in most cases they y are willing to comply with the act, but s are under this or that misapprehension concerning it. Of course it may be said "why don't they get the Act and read it ?" but for a man, whose early a education has beers more connected with sausages than Shakespeare, to s interpret an Act of Parliament is not so easy. The legal jargon in which the meaning of the Act is couched, and the absence of punctuation render it tino very easy task for an Indifferently educated layman to spell out its mean ing, and while the plea of non com prehension of the law is sometiies merely the excuse of the lazy and the lying, it is at times a perlectly honest I one. It is generally understood that under the Shop and Factories Act if a holiday comes mn a week-Cup Day on Tuei day the 6th for instance--~there is no WVednesday half-holiday. However, m connection with the Wednesday fo:low ing the day of Clean Sw-ep's victory, it was found in some of th- suburbs of Melbourne that ,hilc the grocers kept open till 6 p.m., the butchers shut at p.m. This caused a great deal of inconvenience, many people being under the impression that none of thie tradesmen would close on WYednesday afternoon after a whole holiday on the preceding day. Daring this arm part of the year, those housekeepers who want meat for the evening meal natur ally-except on the recognised half holiday-leave its purchase as late as possible, and the closing of the butchers at r p.m. on the 7th upset in many cases their domestic arrangemenlts entirely. A rather out of the way donation was received by the comnmitee of the Melbourne Benevolent Asylum at their last me eting, in the shape of a barrel of beer to be distributed among the male inmates in honour of tihe recent elec toral victory at North Melbourne by Mr G. M. Prendergast over the Hon. W. A. Watt, Postmaster-General. The donor evidently took it that all the inmates, to a man, were admirers of the successful candidate, but whethter this is so or not there is very little doubt that on the question of consuming the beer there will be perfect unanimity rThe Metropolitan Fire Brigade authorities, by means of judiciously timed invitations to see a general " turn out" and inspect the head station at Vi- toria Parade, are always trying to impress the municipalities that they do not in the matter of their subsidies pay too dear far the whistle in the shape of the services they get from the brigade. Some of the Councils are contented and some are not. One of them very near to the City-points out that it formuerly paid £5o a year for fire ex tinction, whereas now it pays over £a2oo, and fearlessly avers tha: the return for the expenditure does not warrant the latter's increase. Os the whole the Councils are satisfied, althoung they think the insurance should pay more than they do.. 