REMINISCENCES OF Afl OLD SOUTH AUSTRALIAN SQUATTER. BY ROBERT BRUCE, OOONDAHBO. CHAPTER XIX. {Continued). Well, I straggled on with that shearing till early one morning I was agreeably surprised to see a couple of men arrive from Warcowie, where tbey had " cut ont," who actually wanted employment, with this proviso, however, that they were to Ret shearing stands directly the second floor was completed, for be it known only the board at one side was finished when we started to shear. never did like to make any promise that I was doubtful about being able to perform, and BO I told the men I would not promise anything, and they on their part seemed determined not to start to work unless T did. However, after a good deal of con fabulation they agreed to my terms, and so I told them to Blip down to the kitchen get something to eat, and hurry back. As thoBe men would reliove me of the yarding and branding, nearly two men's ordinary work, I went on wool-rolling and at the same time constructed shining castles in the air till it suddenly occurred to me that those fellows must bo slow feeders, or else had reconsidered the matter and were not coming back. The last supposition was maddening, and as suspense wonld heighten the trouble I descended •o suddenly on a shearer and hustled him into the wool-rolling that he had no time to think, much less object, and_ consequently I was.half way to the kitchen before iolly tealiBed the situation. _ As for myself, I jost arrived at my destination in time to greet one of the defaulters as he issued, swag on back, from the kitcben, bis mate having preceded Lim by a few minutes. "Here! where are you going?" enquired I politely. "Down the road," replied be laconically. " Oh" said I, " I thought you had engaged with me to work in the s!<:ed" " Yes, if you promised us stands, and we're not going to stay without you do ! be said defiantly. " I did not promise you stands, but I will promise yon a good hiding if you do not go to the sbed at once and turn to, so don't make any mistake," I eaid, for my friend's cool impudence had heated my temper to boiling point. "Ob, if that's yonr little game I'm ready," be jauntily replied, at the same time slipping off swag and eqnaring up to me, bnt the next instant I had got inside MB guard, given him one, two, and three, which landed him againBt the kitchen wall, and then, before he could recover himself I had given several more warm oneB on his jaw, which made bim break away and ran off in too great a hurry to think about bis swsg. "By cripes, sorr, ye did that nate," observed old Tim, the Bheares' cook, who had been a light-weight png in his. time. " He'll be off his feed for one while, an' maybe he'll know his mind another time." One friend having so suddenly departed I had leisure to think about paying Bome little attention to the other, but he WBB on his way, double quick, to Wonoka, and merely replied ungraciously "No tbank yon," when 1 kindly invited him to come back and take his share of the entertainipent. Well* be was a good two hundred yards away, and BO as I had plenty of other things to do I did not run after bim, but returned to my fleece-rolling. As for the man I had amused, I know that he sat under a buBh for an hour or so holding hiB faoe in his hands while be chewed the end of sweet and bitter fancies, after which the kindly- hearted cook carried him hie Bwag a«d a gooi "dhrink af tay." Anyhow, neither he nor_his m&te; cafye near me for years, and aB Tom. duly repqrted the results of the little "miH," with sundry embellishments, to the shearers I IOBI the chance of many a nice sneer and piece of impertinence, which donbtlesB had otherwise been tstae. Well, I slaved away in so&e; the best of hnmorB till dinner time,, when just aB I ran down to the kitchen in order to snatch a hasty tpoutbful of mutton and hamper, who should ride up but my worthy employer, who of conrse bad heard all abont what had occurred, and then, with a severe expression of countenance, began to reprimand me for having brutally abused a peacable traveller, &c.;, &c.; For an instant I was too taken aback to speak, but then, like the chamelion of veracioos story, I found a tongue, and in a few expressive sentences told my boss what I thought of his behavior, and concluded nty little improvised address by inviting him to dismount and try what I was marfe of himself. Well, that nearly fetched bim all right, but not feet foremost No, he nearly soiled off old Jack during paroxysm of cashination that I was appre hensive wonld have a fatal apoplective ending, so in spite of myself, I roared too, and all ended happily, for we were at once the heBt of friends, and things, at least for s time, were no better than before. Ab, my friends, a good langh is the best penance for most troubles. And if R fellow, no matter if in panta or petticoat 8> poBsesBeB even a microscopical bump Qf humor that fellow can generally B e e something ludicrouB in the worst afiUc and then like the most potent of r ,atent medicines dissipates it in one act. When trouble with Satanic grin ' To harras yon may try, Beware ol brandy, beer or gin, jjul do not jape your eye, 1 But if an ally, stauncb, you'd find Certainly Frank and I had got more Misfortune to defy, thfln enough of it, and therefore as odors Ju*t tn* •>. Jnurh from rour mind I'v Jivv'fi ons could rot I Lo siwckiiig ikr.u wi'.lflj, tDVf or oihenvit-t- u;o oiliur. That Bctnt ^ Weil, that shearing, UB all sublunary was" fairly effervescent, however, for e er things must, came to an end at last, and a month had elapsed we might have mixed f believe the wool taken off was near lyas in polite society (out of doors, of course), i clean as it was before the sheep was without anything very outrageons being scoured. That was the time when so noticed. Still, I'd advise my gentle many sheep farmers all over Australia readers not to dive into stagnant sbeep were going in for snowwhite scoured wash unless hermetically screwed into a wool, hut we, not pos6eBsing the necesary diving dress, to be thrown overboard scorning plant, bad simply washed some diiectly it is taken off. thousands of the Arhaba sheep in a small Rome of my knowing readers may say, deep waterbole in the bed of tlio creek, " Those two idiots could never bav«> perhaps I ehould not have mentioned that dived into that cesspool with their eyes heep-wasl)iDg business had it not led up open, not to speak of their noses. But we to a most amusing incident, which did, and the only way in which I can happened as follows :— One scorching day, about a month after vulgarly account speaking, for the faet a put up is job that of it Master was, ehearing had been concluded, Frank M. Frank'e, who, knowing what a mess that j and I, when returning hot and thirsty waterhole was in, while I did not owing from a long ride, suddenly came to the to a month's absence, proposed the beforementioned scratch race, and then, for fear conclusion that a bogy in the waterbole would be highly refreshing, and the next that the slightest hesitation on his port instant, fired by a noble spirit of emulation worthy of a couple of schoolboys, we dissimulation so far that it resolved itself might spoil tbe joke, carried bis diving were racing for the pcluoid goal of our into an actual fact, whiob landed him in desires, had simultaneously leaped from the trap he had so cunningly devised for onr horses, peeled in the twinkling of an me. Of course I cannot be certain as toj eye, and dived into the eacrel tank of the the correctneBB of the above premices, for temple of Cloacins, handed down from Frank carried tbe secret, and almost the | hoary antiquity for our especial benfit, or scent of it, to his grave. I'm greatly mistaken. It was lovely, and O Frank, if we in empty space yet we did not linger in that semi fluid Should meet each other face to face, bath long enough to become surfeited As flitting spirits, ghosts, or spooks, with delight. No ; we emerged with^ if 1 may not know you by your looks ; possible, a greater celerity than that which And so I gueEs, *e words will be had characterised our unconsidered entry, With us an unknown quantity, w and then, enveloped in a thick, yellowishbrown slime, dashed like a brace of We, while in life, remembered well. I'll recognise you by tbe smell maniacs over the hot creek stones in order But ah 1 should all its sweet bouquet to deile all the water we met with, aDd Bemain, we'll find it far too gay, this we succeeded in doing even beyond And from each other fly as if our widest hopes, and still retained sufficient asafeetidu, or whatever it was, to 'Twere second death to take a sniff, And so I trust, mine ancient friend, ocent the Southern Ocean. Yes ; we were That with this life all 6mells may end. osegays, and had Mark Twain been j roused at the time he would have thought 1 Dr Greeawell estimates that 70,000 rats ery meanly of his own aroma, when ears afterwards, be was being slowly bave are now been filling destroyed the in the Yarra. ihsy holeB wlth chlorinated educed io size by tbe Turkish bathman. Some poets praise the sweet perfume lime and tar crystals. Exhaled by rose in early bloom, Sir Frederic Hodgson has eangbt and And some will sing of subtle attar brought to Cape Coast Castle the beir- In vogue where Turkish houris patter, apparent of Asbantee. H. rejoices in the While others may perchance prefer name of Kokofu. The fragrance of sweet lavender. The Viper, torpedo-boat destoyer, 3121 But 0, our smell would shame a chunk Of scent distilled by Woodland skunk, tons, •teamed 43 miles tn an hour, being And he who'd crave for sniff tbe second propelled turbine, beating by ^ all f previous ^ l ^ reoords. L ^ l A very glutton might be reckoned, 