I THE 0/AArT OF WEST DEVON. Why all this crowd assembled hero ? What am this gat boring throng portend ? I A whispering answer— -It ilf in fear And half iu eager hopo did blond- Hush I yonder tiour that Blunder path J Is ho who's named (< Goliath of Gath." And there ho stood— a giant, loan ; An autoorat his looks bospoak, Unbending brow, and hnuglity mion, And any quantity of ohoek I Woro visible. But, hotter still, 1 Was soon that movomont from tho hill. Ho, too, had soon it, honco tho start Ho gavo ns with a searching glnnca Ho swoops horizon, and a dart Of sunshino plays on axo and lanoo, Tho silvory stool of which was soon At distnuco Itlco a thrjntonincr cleam. I Ho casts a lingering look of prido At thom, nnd now his thoughts rovort - To days now gone, when by his sido Ho folt that all boneath him dirt, With tho8o two weapons, kuen and bright, | To help him to retain his might. Why, ho had, with thoir aid, long slnco Slain warrior bold, Integrity Being tho flrst victim who did winco. As If refusing thon to die,' But Brolhor Oonsoionoo having fled, What mattered, thon, if ho woro dead. Ttin ttlmala nf »lnUi«in Mi.nlln i owviiua uiuviq amiu I Wero conjured up whilo thus ho mused, And as ho gazod tho spcotral train, A jumblod heap, his brain confusod ; .Ho saw thoro Modosty And Dofonco, Agriculluro, Itosponsible Govormnont, Oonfidonco. I As oaoh sad forra disappoarod. Innumerable others passod in viow ; Oustoms Duty, basmirchud and smeared, oynuicatos, and Liailways, too. Whilo West Dovou vainly sought To hido hor sooru for him, she'd taught Tho art of loviug. Ah, not hor, I Goliath's lova was only givon To one, and that one was himsolf. For this solo causo how ho had strlvon, And now rewards her for hit gain By numboring hor among tho slain. . Hark 1 does ho hoar tho trumpot's call ftosounding now from off that hill 1 Away, yo ghosts, both one and all, And bid your slayor take bis fill ui recollections, fraught with pain, For soon ho'll follow in your train. I Tho scono has changed. A murmur hoarse Aroso,'and soon a surging crowd Was soon dirocting as its course I Tho placo ho stands, so cool, bo proud, And statoly as a marble pillAr, Ho whispers, 41 Jack, tho giant killer 1 " Young Jack, for ho it was, had vowed Some time before to rid the oarth Of this bold giant, and tho orowd, | Who know full well tho young man's worth, Accompanied him full satisfiod That their own boy would turn the tide. Sm, ?Ilrinkin« stragglers still retained I heir old ndhoronoo to a power That over thom so long had rcignod, And taught thom how to cringo and cower. ' Thcao fow mado to Goliath's path, And foobly warned tho man of Gath. Ho laughed withscorn;hisaxohoelenohod, And drew himsolf to fullest height. Thoy noted now his faoo was blanched, I wA ;®00#In"g blindness dimmed his sight, While fresh and bright young Jaok ap peared, I And in his hand a sling was roared. 44 Oomo out and taste this silvery blade," Goliath shouted, as ho faced rioy, who, by no moaus afraid, N I Hau cot his sling and contonts plaood ; And with a swift and sudden shot Ho dropped Goliath on tho spot. A loud huzza, it ronb tho air, xuuug uaoK was King of mon, they said. | Ho'd slain tho monstor straight and fair, And nono rogrotted ho was dead. From Phcenix ashes soon would riso, For thom, a still more wondrous prizo. The stono Jack ke/ps which slow his foe, A momento of that glorious day, Ho said ho received it long ago From a ship Ouptaln, Miles away, Who hadn't cared for its sudden thud, Being UlOStlY used to flllndnff minrl . ____________ W.D.E. 