CIGARETTE PAPERS. UV JOtiKPH HATTON. -SUMMKU IN. TOWN. I'livcim-uts «glow with inVor'ed sun- shine. You cannot <¡'uite get from llicni thc ¡Jen. of millring over tho. hoi. plough »liare* ; Itut I'hoy arc very hot. So is every- thing you loueh : thc oileluth aprons oil thc luises (he ann of the *' garden seat.'' -o called, the brass har you seize to help you to alight, and il makes you perspire. 10 look at the driver's red f.i<v mid the lu ises wet with their la'nuurs. .lusl now -.niiclhing is always happening to cull for lings. The Union .lack und the lioyal Standard, matched IUM'C and there with thc Stars and Stripes, seem to bc continually flying in >fte Wont lind streets. The Indies have pm on their lightest frock< and most lloral hats. Men have donned grey jackets and slaw hats, ami some even carry palin lent fans, tabby wears linen head gear, end once in n wu y you seo a horse in n bounrt. Pedestrians walk leisurely. The ttreots ni ? gay with parasols of every hue, cud the Mower baskets'at thc circuses are 11 blaze of colour. The shops ure shaded with many awning«. Although it is high summer tho trees everywhere ure as green mid fresh as if it were spring. In the midst of the glory of the summer skies tim season is waning. Uer Majesty has held her last Drawing-room. She lins IKHMI very giacious in a hundred way» of Inte, has lu ¡ped and cheered London by her presence, sympathised with thc wounded in hospital, reviewed troops for the front, condoled with fathers and mothers und widows nnd orphans on the loss of their- gallant dead, and upheld the honour and dignity of the Kinpire with a noble, appreciation of her Imperial power. "God save the Queen'"'" THE STRANGE MYSTERY Ol' LONDON*. tfxim'om is not only unique fran (lie point of view that you may live for years next door to people whom you don't know, rarely soe, and iiave no interest in what- ever unless their dog barks or their chim- ney smokes to your annoyance ; and you may know men and like them and meet them continually without tfhe smallest idea of who they are or what they do. As a rule you know them by name; but often you don't. I have «let pleasant fellows in society end at clubs as to whose status in tlie world 1 have no knowledge whatever. This is one of the reasons why London is such a happy dwelling place ; timi, is to those who have resources within them- selves or their own little circle of friends. In the way of true friendship you must not expect too much. Country folk, I think, «tick more honestly by, each other than che men and women of London. Com- petition in town hi too .severe for ideal friendships in business or in the ordinary art walks of thc town. \'ou may bc sick unto deatii, and only your own household or immediate connections know about your illness until it is too late to cai) end say how sorry you are ; unless, of course, thc newspaper paragraphist has got hold of you and proclaimed your trouble. Hut if you are not too ambitious, and make Lon- don your friend in the abstract, come to appreciate the music of its streets, its vast I < iwdfi, its peculiarities, Us rich and poor, its mirth and misery, its palaces and hovel a, all compressed into a kind of indi- viduality, and know its ways and under-1' stand its wonders, and have an acquain- tance with the ghosts that walk ita streets by night and day, the immortal dead who have given their names and deeds to every corner of it ; why then you will bc happy in London. 