FEMININE FACTS AND FANCIES Are wo really going to have a Board 'of Beauty? The very title is attractive, and reflects credit on the man who suggested it. If the aesthetic side of city and suburban life is going to get tlie treatment it deserves, a tre mendous amount of good might be ac complished by letting corporations and councils look after drains, road repairing and all the other necessary aggravations of our existence, while a distinct body took in hand the actual beautifying of our sur roundings. A rose by any other name, however, would probably smell as sweet. Quite recently 19,550 hyacinths, 81,200 tu lips. 3S.500 crocuses, 1050 lillies, and 77,375 "various" bulbs have been supplied to the order of the London County Council to bciiuiuy the parks, the Victoria Embank ment and other open spaces in London. The idea is 7r positively exhilarating one, full of possibilities for the future. The ex ample set in Loudon is safe to be followed— some day— here, and the fact that we live more or less through the eye promises at last to be recognised. When we have our own local Hoard of Beauty in full swing, we also shall have our reserves blossoming as the rose. We shail have our advertisers converted to the expediency of floral and herbal advertising; the railway stations' and different Government' offices will show other public buildings how to combine beauty with practicability; and artisans of all sorts and descriptions will be encouraged i to adopt uniforms suitable to their rospec- \- live callings. Naturally enough, the board j pill be laughed at, grumbled at, and prob- | ably scorned at first. Public education is a creature of slow prowth, and one can easily imagine the derision that would have greeted the Lon don County Council's flower scheme a few years back. It is hard to convince un- \- believers that the moral condition of a community depends to a great extent on its surroundings. Where, good things have been provided locally, good things have been respected— to which fact the hill at 'rlemington has long borne witness. In the establishing of respect for the beauti ful a big move has been made towards establishing respect for the good, and with a capable board to take in hand an import ant mission there is literally no calculat ing what moral benefit to the community might be effected. The' phenomena j heat England ex perienced last month has wrought Borne curious social revolutions. Eoolinen and coachmen have been seen on the carriages of the very "best"- people wearing white, hicli crowned, green banded Panama hats. The Kensington Gardens became the scene oi smart breakfasts and luncheons, vyhile the dwellers in squares gave "square parties" by the score. ' There, within sight I of anyone interested in looking, the erst- ! while conservative of the conservatives ! discussed the coolest of viands, regardless i alike of "blacks" and publicity. Equine millinery has been at a premium, nearly i all the more valuable horses being provided : with hats. Instead of the familiar shield we see out here, all sorts of sportive deco- i rations have been affected. We read of lorry horses wearing straw hats trimmed with roses, while a well-known member of I London society is chaffed good naturedly j for sending her horses out in purple plush caps! | The most important incident of the beat wave is, however, the appearance of the 5 Queen clad entirely in white. Even the black hat with Which her subjects are so well acquainted has been laid . aside. Her Majesty has always found the hot weather , trying in the extreme— how trying only those who have seen the royal residences can imagine. With walls thick cnougli to , stand a siege, it would seem as if heat must be an unknown quantity within them. Still iee is used in great quantities to keep the temperature low enough to ensure the comfort of the Queen, and : while slic is travelling the same commodity is used to an almost unparalleled extent. The appearance of our Sovereign lady as the White Queen is coincident with the wearing of much white by the old ladies of London. At the Buckingham Palace garden party we hiiar of one white haired "picture lady" wearing white glace silk, softened witli black chiffon, alternating with while and black cinbr'oidery. Many grandmothers wore white sutin foulards, while one aristocratic dame is reported as looking; beautiful in a white brocade gown and long Jichu of costly lace. Silver grey and cream were also worn extensively,, and the Inst blow has probably been struck at that long tottering and senseless sartorial law, which decreed that black was the "only wear" for women past middle age. : Under the new dispensation the well eared | for old lady has become the envy of many 1 a younger sister, while the woman with i youth a couple of decades behind her finds ; no small pleasure in anticipating the (lay j when her charms shall be granted an ln- i dian summer. Even admitting a certain amount ,of ocriness in the situation distinctly funny ! reading must the brave white refugees from Mia find the London Journals. To these : good folk has been granted that which lias been denied to nearly, everybody else in the world— a full and perfect acknowledgement ; of their virtues in cold print. One and all of the leading ladies of the legations lias ; bccu provided with a character and a repu- ( tation that it will take her all her time : in the future to live tip to, and if the , weaker members fail to make. the usual dis- : """it for public emotions one can hardly | wonder. In the leading columns of one of the least hysterical of the leading "illus- i trateds" "infinite diiarm" is accredited in one lady. Another has "a fragile frame and bright intelligence," while nearly all are re- ferred to as brilliantly gifted. It is on ; Lndy Jlacdonald, however, that the highest j onlogiums are showered. Her indomitable spirit, linked with her nse of humor, her ; tender devotion to her husband and chil- . dren, and her physical charm and bravery, | were all matters of history before the Pekiu srpre- These good qualities have been en-. larged upon, however, to such an extent , that the distinguished wife of a distin- i wished British officer must feel not a little j staggered at the situation she has to face. ; Like many another woman whose life helps to brighten the world, Lady Macdonuld is no stranger to tragedy. She was a widow : when she married Sir Claude Macdonald, ; her first husband and two little children . uaiiug died of cholera within a lew hours of one another. When the anti-suffragists lodge their I Protest at head quarters and retire, tem- j Dorarily at least, into the social seclusion ; ' 'which they naturally belong, and front i which their leaders . have so reluctantly ; dragged themselves, it would be a graceful set on the part of the suffragists to accord them a vote of thanks. Tlicy have accom- wished most excellent work for the suf- : trace. The futility of their arguments have sent hundreds of waverers into . the tanks of their opponents, they have shown the quality of the women who will disdain to bo seen near a ballot hqx, und they have nearly laid the ghost of the last argument camst the advisability of women generally Mercising political rights. Broadly speak- I ttJ. the petition contains the names of wo-., jren entirely unrepresentative of anything;1' no misstatements made to the contrary Jre too palpable to he worth arguing about, J »rc also those regarding the "voluntary" ciung. Working women of any consc ience have almost invariably refused to tan, though much capital has been made ' l statements . to the. contrary. Society en ers have also failed to register their sin0.?' 'le Louse to house, canvas- C the anti-suffragists have been treated to nO U'ar amount of plain speaking. Many m majority, so. one of themselves ouor have been got in answer to the ! 'V' .i'l you sign a petition against i ®,e" Slttine in Parliament?" and in se- i 7' ca6cs servants have been finked to iZ bT suffragists "wait to get ladies out i " 'ament ,ond keep working -women '1( Possibility of dissension in the household following on the discussion of political questions has been, however, the argument most, fatal -to the anti-suffragists. If People want to squabble they won't put It1 off till we get the franchise," one wife assured an "anti" as she opened tlie door for her; and seeing that the secretary of one league, and the most prominent leader ot the other arc a father and daughter, on the best of terms with one another, it is nearly time the "dissension" argument was laid aside as useless. One day— some six weeks back— in Lon- don. Sir Wilfred and Lady Lnwson opened their house for a conference on Emigration, at which representatives from Australia, "-outli -Africa and Canada were present. The question of servants' registry office work vas discussed, and naturally proved an ex ceedingly interesting subject in a congress composed mainly of women. It is worthy of note that last year no fewer than 17,000 mistresses applied for Girls' Friendly Society servants, which fact tends to prove that the efforts of the society .to foster among its members the spirit of faithful ness to employers have been appreciated. This fostering of faithfulness is one of the principal objects of the "Girls' Friendly." In the course' of the congress attention was drawn to a new and successful venture. A central depot lias been opened within the last year for the sale of work done by in valided girls in their own homes. In es3 than 12 months £700 had been raised by the sale of needlework, " baskets, brushes and such like. Is there no end to the names given that fascinating invention of modern times which we already know as the bioscope, the hiograpli .and the cinematograph? A little London journal has the following para graph: — "The German Emperor was the first royal personage to recognise the value of the mutoscope. He was the first monarch to be photographed by it, and the first to order that facilities should be accorded whenever possible. Quite recently the Em peror sent over a special request to this country for a "mutograph" of the inspection of the Ladysmith Naval Brigade in Lon don. Apropos of this, we hear that the fad of the moment is to have the leading incidents in one's career "biographed." Thus, instead of the old fashioned bridal group, in which a hopelessly stiff looking bridegroom, franked by a bevy of solemn faced girls "supporting" a bride, who looks as if she never wished to he married again, we are going to have the flutter at the altar, the familiar by-play with the bouquet and the ring, the blundering father and the over- fussy best man — all manner of things, in fact, which will serve to iinnd all the little accidents of the wedding day down to pos terity. This is nothing short of cruelty to animals, and the fad should he nipped in the bud by act of Parliament. As a con temporary remarks, the almost forgotten anguish associated with being shown the faipiiy photographs will sink into insignific ance beside the new horror of seeing the baby bathed, the return of Tom from the war, and all the other domestic incidents in which the outsider luis neither part nor lot. The Bloomer costume is not one of very recent invention. It is 49 years ago that Sirs. Bloomer first shocked and amused American society by appearing at a ball at Lowell, Mass., attired in a short skirt and trousers. In the autmn of the same year another American lady who wore the cos- tumc lectured on the subject in London, but all attempts to popularise this particular fashion in England have failed to do more than raise a more or less foolish merriment. To revive a joke of John Wilkes— Airs. Bloomer took the sense of the ward on the subject, but. fashion took the non-sense, nnH rnrrifcd it hv 10 to OnC. .VIOLA. 