SONGS OF THE WIRES. .Hear them sing of trade and battle ; hear the gold-ooin chink and rattle ! Hear the feverish stammering ticker : stocks are up ! and stocks are down 2 There's rejoicing, there is wailing, there is ruin in the town. He who was a prince at morning is a beggar of the night 3 She who held the world in scorning now may wither in its sight. Ah ! a battle now is on ! tell the news and who has won ! Hear the bullets ringing, stinging — Through the wires' spasmodic singing i Chanting throughout the blood-dimmed day ; And this is what they Bay : — Hot cannon heard upon the hills And rifleB in the glen ; Oh, all the world will listen, now : For men are murdering men I Not hunting God's four-footed beasts Or feathered clans, they came : A nation is their hunting -ground , And other men their game. He was a glittering general With thousands at his nod : He is a fragment of the turf : A clod beneath a clod. He was a sunny-hearted boy — A hope, but even now,: He is a spectre in his tomb, With blood upon his brow. She was a proud and winsome wife The world could not assail ; She walks the street a ghost in black Beneath the widow's veil. She was a mother, fond and proud, When morning's gems were strown : She a wrecked old woman now, And writhes and sobs alone. — Will Cabketon. Every honest mart who earns his daily bread is fpr peace. — Rev. Hugh Price Hughes.. * * * The British Mounted Infantry !— it is as much as they can do to keep their hats on. — Albrecht , captured Boeir Artillerist. # * # Commandant de Wet, a graduate at three universities— English, German, and , Dutch— is styled Spring-heeled Jack by the ewaddies. .y.-jj * * . * , ? It is reckoned a mystery how the Boers, with bullock waggons which can only travel 15 miles a day, escape mounted men who at least travel 30 miles daily. * * * On account of the cost of kit — £600 — and the keeping up of appearance, the British cavalry in the main is officered by congenital idiots of wealthy parent age. # # # - I call the British cavalry the Oh Lor regiments. They ride up to a kopje and stare about till they are fired at, theii the officers say 'Oh Lor !' and they gallop off. — Albrecht. * * * Khaki is of thej, earth, earthy — dirt ©f the dirtiest kind — that is the meaning of the word which has come to be looked upon as emblematical of British patriot ism. — The Tailor and Cutter . * * * ' One flag for us and Canada,' shouts I theiVkf York Sun. That sounds fraternal, and if our neighbors make the flag the Union Jack, we'll call it a bargain. — Mail and Express^ Toronto. ; * * * At Beira, South Africa, a N.S.W. man called Victoria ' a blanky cabbage garden.' In retort, a Melbournite called Sydney ' a plagiie spot.' They came to TilnwH iKnf. inintlr wnllrmofl. n PnrfnoTTfliifl WAV TT Oj MUV JVUiMJT TTWUV^VU U VA VUg UVOO 11 trap ' who came to run them in. ;? * * * It appears, according to the Encyclo paedic Dictionary, that a sect of Brahmins are called Khaki because they apply the ashes of burnt cow- dung to their clothing and bodies. This bears out what we said recently as to the derivation of the term. * * * The followers of Jesus believe that all the world should follow in their footsteps, and in pushing their creeds to the front they have given many a country a red bath of blood, and made hell visible in many lands. — The Ledge , New Denver. * * * Paterson says that the signal failure of the hospital arrangements is due to the staff officers who took away from the medical authorities their transports and supplies. A man high in the Army Medical Service said to him long before there was any complaint at all: 'The. army is taking away our transport and cutting off our supplies ; there is sure to be a collapse and we shall get the blame. It ought to be borne by those who re fuse us necessary supplies and trans port.' These British people quarrel like cats and dogs among themselves, but look out for the fellow who interferes. He gets cannons to the right, cannons to the left, and cannons in front very quick. — Quong * # * Major Pond offered Winston Churchill £15,000 and all exes, for a lecturing tour of the United States. Churchill, who is preparing a biography of his late father, refused. Since his escape from captivity he has been paid £1000 per month by the Morning Post. * * * The cause of the war was neatly summed up at its outbreak by an old Somerset shire farmer neighbor of mine. 'If,' said he, ' those there goldfields had grown only taties, we should never have heard of this here war.' — Lieu - General William Bellairs. * * * A soldier of the Black Watch while passing a private of the Bushmen stepped heavily, and perhaps intentionally, upon the foot of the latter. Up sprang the ' Bushie.' ' You stepped on my foot I' he hissed menacingly. 'Well,' said the Highlander, apologetically, ' I did ma best tae leap over it, but a Hielanmon is only human. I'm nae kangaroo I' A fierce battle immediately ensued. * * * One of the British officers, now tem porarily stationed at Pretoria, wrote home a short time ago to his sister. 'It is awfully slow,' he said. ' I have read every book in the prison library, and there is not a thing left to do.' The Boer censor who read the letter put a big blue mark against the passage, and a foot-note below — ' Now you shall see what lies our prisoners tell in their let ters. The prison library1) contains ten thousand seven hundred and forty- one volumes.' * * ~ * About 70 Canadians, six of whom could only speak French, were invalided to London from the Cape with a gratuity of £5 each and told to wait instructions from the War Office. No one at the ' dear old War Office ' took any interest in them and when their money was ex hausted they were reduced to sleeping in the London parks. At length, after ex posure by the Radical press, they were taken into the Household Brigade's Con valescent Home. Said one : ' There would be a jolly row at home if my people knew how I was looked after.' * * Jfc Should we slay our brother Boer ? Not only should he be slain, but slain with the same ruthlessness that they slay a plague- infected rat. Exeter Hall may shriek, but blood there will be, and plenty of it, and the more the better. The Doer resistance will further this . plan,' and enable us to find an excuse that Imperial Great Britain is fiercely anxious for — the excuse to blot the Boers out as a nation, to turn their land into a vast shambles, and remove their name from the muster roll of South Africa. — Indian Planters' Gazette . The Boers throughout fought in a dis organized condition. As a rule they fight in small commandoes. . .Each com mandant has absolute control over his own men, and is very apt to withdraw them when things become uncomfortable. The withdrawal may have the effect of leaving other commandoes in a critical position. The Boers will not stand a severe rifle duel. At the same time it is only fair to say that they were as a rule in a minority. I did not see any dis honorable practices on the part of the Boers. — Banjo Pater&on.; * * * Says Banjo Paterson, now in Sydney : — The treatment meted out to those who surrendered has been of a character that helped to prolong hostilities. Men found on their farms with their Mausers buried in the gardens were given passes, whilst 11 ? ? ? 3 * ? iV _ ? ? ? ?* ? i»uuotJ capi/ureu xruiu iuo uummtuiuoes were transported. This had a doubly bad effect. The Boers have an abhorrence of transportation. They want to remain at home. Thus hundreds in the commandoes persevered in their opposition, dreading the consequences of submission, whilst the leniency and freedom accorded to burghers in other cases emboldened them to fly to arms a second time if a new commando was formed in their district. * * * mi _ TT! 11.1 ? . II t% f i j xne mgnianaers are cne. nnesc troops I have ever seen. They are much more intelligent-looking men than the ordinary Tommies. They are not particularly big men, but are all strong, well-proportioned, and alert-looking, very neatly turned out, and evidently in a high state of discipline. The army people say that the Highlanders have not done rs well as the Irish troops in this war, the Munsters, and Dublin Fusiliers, and the Royal Irish being cited ,as cases in point. There is no doubt the Highlanders were driven off at Magers fontein, and they failed to carry the Boer trenches at Paardeberg; but no other troops have been asked to do such tasks as were put to these men at those two places. — Paterson. 