"WHAT SHE COULD." (By the Right Rev. Ernest R. Wiiberforce, E(.D., Bishop oi (Jliiehester). Preached in the Parish Church, Brighton, Fri day afternoon, October 26, in connection mill the annual conference of the National Union of Wo men Workers. "She hath (lone wliat she could."—St. Mark, xiy., S. * It hag been.-well said, my brethren, that the pathos oi' human nature can only ^ be adequately interpreted by God who created that human nature. xou mli know well what I mean, t'he inseparable difficulties that seem to confront us, the entangled webs tliat ore stretched before us, the circles of wrong-doing that are round us and going ever in that vicious circle so that cause seems mingled with effect and effect to be working back into 1 cause; the problems of our own nature I which must be to everyone amongst us I who really thinks such a matter of great perplexity, knowing ourselves to be not the same one day quite as we are another, fes, difficult enough, sometimes, to understand ourselves. God alone can understand the full pathos of that human nature and its cause. He sees all; we see one part only, and very often only a little bit of that one part. We take partial views. God 'takes the whole j view. And yet perhaps it is still more difficult to understand the magnificent patience of our God—why He does not stamp out i once for all. the sin, and the misery, and the injustice, and the ill-doing, and the impurity; that there is in this world below; why He bears with all this. Well, again, I suppose it is because He sees the whole question. We see but one segment of that question; and you and I cannot fit in the pieces. It seems to us sometimes to be a helpless puzzle, and the patience of our God is explained by the perfection of His views. Yon have done well at the conclusion, of your deliberations to bring your work for fresh consecration before the throne of God. You, a Union, national in character, seek ing to gather up into itself all of whatever denomination 'they may be, or whatever <i!he views they make take, seeking to gather up into itself all the earnestness of the women workers in England, for you there are, I think, suggestions in the text which may help you in doing your work on right lines, and may help you, perhaps, in hours that come, I suppose, to every one, hours I mean of weakness, hours of darkness, hours when it seems to he no use ti> go on any longer, when we feel inclined to say, I am not better than my fathers; take me, 0 my God." . I would ask you, then, to tfhmk witn me briefly tins afternoon upon one or two of these points; and I will not stop to con sider with you at this moment who or ex actly what this woman was, whether, as some tell us, she was reduced to the lowest degradation in the streets, or whether she .vas once rich, caressed, flattered, dowered with a fatal gift of beauty, one self-eontred .uid wholly selfidh upon whom at laat the constraining- influence of Christ had fallen. Anyhow, she was one from whom certain qualities of evil had gone, she was one into whom certain influences - had come, who now exhibited in the greatest possible man ner her devotion to her .Lord whom she had learned to love, and poured with all a woman's power the token of her self-sac nifree before Him. And it is to her action, to its significance, to its full and graxsous -acceptance that I would very shortly ask your'attention this afternoon. -"She hath done what she could." It was her best, U was her choicest, it was her most costly. There was here no dilatory following aftei a fashion 'because we do not like -to be left out oi it; 'here was no trifling with the trs mendous issues that circle round life; here here was no pliant following some one who was some leader of thought. • She •bought for herself; she acted for herself; with the figure of her Master before her, it filled her eye, it satisfied (her cravings; he could do no less but pour out all =4k had ^he could do no less 'than do all that was' possible to her—she did What she -onld Then comes the quiet saying so dec~ in its meaning, echoed to-day as the inc... ve to everv woman who would really serve the Lord God her Master. "She hath done what she could." And then, again, the tender consideration that may help us so wonderfully at times. Her best! weal, nerhaps it did not mean very much; but jt was all she had to give. The effect of her doing was transitory. Probably, sbe did not understand berself the full sig nificance of ber action; but it was caught up into the mighty purpose of God; and God showed that that action, coming as it did from the well-springs of a devoted heart, was one that really hnd its influence upon'the eternal counsel of God. . Her best! There is our lesson, dear friends—for you and for me aa _wd!l. We are not all rich, we are not all influential, we are not all eloquent, we are not all "•owerfui; and vet if our best is done, and done for God, it passes on into that won drous purpose of Almighty God, predeter mined in the council chamber of God before the foundations of the world, and it bears 'ts effect in working ou't tire purposes of God. What we are able to do by such a motive, for such a purpose, will bear fruic by-and-by. Yon and I may not be able to see it; there may be for us none of the joy of the -conqueror: our work may be done mainly through discouragement, sometime? with, tears; we may perhaps he just like those who creep down the wintry furrows .sowing, and sowing broadcast, the seed, leaving it there in the care of God tffl by and-by the Reaper conre to gather in the harvest seed 'that is truly sown; seed that bears within it 'the germ of life from God wffl never peridh, it will assuredly bear its fruit. And then once more, for I will not keep you long. The Lord God showed the sym bolism of 'the act—"she 'hath anointed My body for -the burying." And, oh, remember, my friends, all that that burial implied— first of all the crucifixion, and the mighty power of 'the atonement, that death meant His resurrection, that the resurrection im plied his ascension, that ascension im plied sitting at the ri^h't _ hand of God; and Sitting at the right hand of Gbd implied t'he fulfilment of every promise that the Lord of heaven has given—the pehtaeostal blessing to the Church below, and the establishment of that Church on earth. Before us to-day, then, again, there is the body of our Lord, the Church of God on earth, sitfB perhaps in many instances in the house of Simon the leper, among many who are wandering careless and many beaten down under the temptations of the world, tossed to and fro in the dark waves of the ocean, many perplexed, many full of doubt, many unable to pray with any i satisfaction m their heart, many in the toils of Satan; yes, the body of Christ be fore : us, and still there- is need of the ' choicest ointment. What to-day does the Church of;God look forward to? Not to the darkness of the grave, not to that lowly sinking into that unknown darkness unaccompanied by the loye of any human friend—no, not to that. As we read the pages of our New Testament they glow ' with the light of the promised Second Com-. . ing of our Lord.-We nave to prepare for the coming of the hadegnoam that He max take to Himself His bride without spot or wrinkle. Consider; ours it is, ours the members of the Church of God on eauth to prepare the bride for His coming. My brethren, here is me solution of that question that is passed to and fro, whe ther our work is to be ov individual ism,_ or whether it is to be 'by collectivism. Neither by itself is right. Together they form the perfect Whole. In the Church of God they are united, for upon What does tlhe perfec tion of the whole depend but upon the per fection of each individual that composes that whole; your work and mine, the work of each individual gathered ' up into the counsels of God, that work passes into the true collectivism as i't affedts and helps for ward the Whole body of the Church, of God. I would say 'to you, and it is buit a trice saying, "'Begin again your work at home: yes, he intimate enough in the home of your own heart, iri the microcosm of your own life;" and if you are able to discern for yourselves at once the words spoken, "She hath done what she could," first, what seems possible within the narrow con fines of your own heart, you cannot pre vai't that work from circhnv into the world around. If the body of the Lord be the object of your own Work, then every aot will he caught up into the purpose of God. My sisters, it is for women to ennoble womanhood. She is the helpmeet, not helpmate, according to the cant phrase, of man, not in front of him as master, not be hind him as slave, not on a pedestal as a plaything, but 'by his side his companion, whether in the difficul ties, or whether in the pleasures, or whether in the work-.of life; her place, so far as she is alble to keep pace with 'him, is by fliis side. And in all there will be that which we look for in woman hood, there will he that with which the is specially dowered—her faculty for self sacrifice. To women it is given to do some things that men cannot attain to, just as men have the power to do some things outside the sphere of women; but to you it is that we look for the ennoble ment, of all womanhood. You, that is the best of you, are ever on the side of peace, and of purity, and of noble deeds, and of high and splendid aspiration. It is given to you to ennoble the idea of life; your motive Should he the 'body of the Lord whom you have learnt to love, and to whom you seek to give your 'bedt, your strength, and all the power bestowed upon you by God the Holy Ghost. Never let it bis forgotten that it was by the bands Of the first woman created on earth that the opportunity of sin was offered to man; never 'lot' it be for gotten that a't the incarnation, when the sacred feet of Christ were treading the 'hills and valleys of Judaea, the hands of women were sanctified in the ministrations that they offered to their Lord. Now it is for those hands -so consecrated not only to maintain hut to increase that wealth. We want greater power; and we want, there fore, greater strength of faith in the Church of God; we wan't to return to something like 'the simplicity of the'fadth 'that afforded direction to the feet of the early Christians. My brethren, if such a- renewing of fanth, such an increase of faith were poured out upon the Church of God, would not the work that you are so strenuously engaged in be rendered singularly easy? If the Church of God in the power of that faith were to join its ranks and to break up its dissensions, if it were simply to understand that prayer is wisdom, that the hand of the Lord God is not Shortened, and that it is almost infidel to say of some kinds of sin amd Of some forms of evil,' these things al ways, have been, and these things always will be, you cannot change human nature. It is not true; it is assuming that Satan is master of this world, and not Christ our God! H we had the simple faith Of the early Christians we shoukt.be Eke a mighty army, irresistible in the power of that sim ple faith; there would be fortresses stormed; and there would be garrisons where they are sorely needed now; and we -hould be able to perform the work com mitted to us. Look you to at, my sisters, that you. up hold every 'high and ndbi-e aim that you arc '.ble to uphold because in your heart is shown the majesty of the Lord you love and of tie Lord you serve; then your words, then your deeds, then your prayers, then your intercessions, then your influ ence over others will be utterly immeasur able, for there will go ont from you that power Of love that will bring others into something of the same kindled condition as that in which you yourselves are Eving. Never relax your efforts; never lower your motives, that upon you may descend the benediction of those blessed words, and that your name and deeds, unknown it may be to" the world at large, may be emblazon ed upon the records above and be passed to and fro, upon tlhe mouths of angels of God as they declare the wonders of the Gospel of Christ. 