LITERARY NOTES FROM ENGLAND. (From our Special Correspondent.) London, January 5, 1900. From Christmas to the middle of Janu-<*> ary there are no books published, so luck-<*> less writers of literary notes have to fall back on discussing the successes of the previous twelvemonth. I propose to be Very brief on this topic. The best bio graphy of 1899 is, by general consent, Mr. A. C. Benson's "Life of the late Arch bishop of Canterbury," an excellent com pilation in perfect taste. "Millais' Xife" is also of great interest, but disfigured by one or two obvious blemishes. Wemyss Reid's "Lord Playfair" is dull, and may be passed over, but the "Stevenson Let ters," "The Browning Love Letters," the last volume of the famous. Yerney Me moirs, and the reminiscences of those cheery gossipere, Justin McCarthy and Sir Algernon West, must find a place in ail food libraries. History proper is not eld in high favor in the colonies, I'm editorially told, so passing over Sir George Trevelyan's first volume of his luminous work on the American revolution, and Mr: S. R. Gardiner's "Cromwell" (both admirable books), we come to the "Sir Robert Peel" papers, edited by C. S. Par ker. There was no really new first-class poetry in 1899. Mr. Bridges, whom few in Australia read, collected his extra "culchawed" poems into one volume, and Mr. Swinburne wrote "Rosamunda," a sad blot on hifii-reputation. On the other hand Mr. Stephen- -PhaiipsV -audacious "Paolo and Francesca" ■is said to have raised his reputation considerably. Mere dith, Barrie, Hardy, and Merri man were aIL dumb dogs in 1899, the chief fictional euccess of the year being Kipling's much-discussed and oft-abused short stories, "Stalky and C 0.," -' which people differed • over, but read to the last line. The best novel of the year, "Red Pot tage," has not had time to attain unto such sales as "A Double Thread" (much overrated in my opinion), but I believe it will. Others worth noting in this division are Mason's "Miranda of the Balcony," Mrs. Hodgson Burnett's "Wil loughby Claim," Besant's "Orange Girl," Zack's "On Trial," and Miss Broughton's "Game and Candle." To show, however, how widely tastes differ, here is another list of the most desirable novels from the ultra-cultured "Outlook":—"The Awk ward Age," by Henry James; "The Market Place," by Harold Frederic; "On Trial," by "Zack;" "The Enchanter," by U. L. Silberrad; "A Modern Mercenary," by E. and H. Prichard; "Siren City," by Ben jamin Swift; "Cold Steel," by M. P. Shiel; "The Doctor," by H. de Vere Stacpoole; and "Gilian, the Dreamer," by Neil Mun ro- The "Awkward Age" is an unpleasant book, indeed, with the exception of "On Trial" and "The Doctor" I don't par ticularly-care about any of. this list. With the commencement of the new year, good old "Punch," which has be trayed ■ alarming indications of atrophy ever since Dn Manner's death, has been increased to 24 pages, consisting of the usual 16 pages and an additional 8 pages, to be known as "Mr. Punch's extra pages.'' Several new features will be added, one of which will be the reintroduction of a Drac tice highly valued in" the earlier when authors such as Thackeray! and Jet rold and others gave to the readers of "Punch" some of the best and brightest of their -writings. A short story or amus ing sketch will henceforth be given each week, either to be -begun and finished in the same issue, or to be continued. It is intended that this short story or sketch will toe contributed by a writer of marked ability. The number lor the current -week contains the first of these, written by Dr. Conan Doyle, and entitled "The Defeat of Bimbashi Joyce." Any "of your readers who care to know the history of "Punch" from an inside point of view should pur chase "literature" for December 38tii, to which M. Spieknann contributes an admir able condensation of his longer work on the same subject. The chanter on Punch's" - rivals interested me chiefly. None of them did much good to themselves or harm to the leading comic journal till "Fun" came on the scene in 1861. Tom Hood was the editor until his death, when Henry Sampson succeeded to the chair, and when the latter was summoned else where. Charles Dalziel undertook its con trol. The fittS included E. L. Blanchard, Henry J. Byron, Tom Robertson, Thomas Archer. Jeff, Prowse, Paul Grey (cartoon ist), William Bnmton, Richard Doyle (oc casionally), Matt. Morgan, C. Graves, -T. W. Hbughton. Fred Barnard, and Harry S. Leieh, with Messrs. W. S. Gilbert. J. F. Sullivan, F. C. Burnard, Pinero, Gordon Thompson, Ernest Griset; Mat.' 6tretrii, Ashby Rteny, Clement Scott, and G. R. Sims. What an array of talent, eh? And they had to write for trumpery payments, too. Encouraged by the success of "Fun," and enticed 'by' its no-particular-Bavment-to contributors' >-Tstem. reckless H. J. Byron started the "Comic News" in 1863. It was a penny paper, and on its face bore some of Byron's most startling puns. In the headniece. drawn by Brunton, there was a parody of the Boval annE and legends. Thus, on the Garter. "Horn" soit gui mal y pense" was distorted into "On his walk he madly puns;" and "Dieu et mon droit" was corrupted first into "Do it and draw it." and afterwards as "Due a Mon day"— of coarse, its publishing day. Although the cartoons were exceedingly good, popular appreciation was not secured. As a last resource "Punch. was violently assailed, without anybody- taking the slightest no tice. Then the "Comic News" cast its name and became "the "Bubble," -which, as might have been expected, promptly burst. After this coUanse came the far more powerful "Tomahawk," with the wonderful Matt. Morgan cartoons. Files ! of tbis egregious print are now worth money, especially the volume containing a gross but exceedingly clever lampoon on a certain illustrious personage. People began by chuckling at it. Remembered them selves, and said, "How shocking." Club committees then warned the "Tomahawk" off their tables, and though it fluttered feebly on for three years it never recovered prestige"-1 Clttcrmtyy it collapsed, like-the "Bubble," and Matt. Morgan went to Ame rica, where he became the chief est of lurid political cartoonists. ■ The only interest attaching to the "Censor," started in 1868, was the fact that the post of cartoonist was for three or four weeks in die hands of that many-sided j man, Professor Herkomer, R.A. But his ! services -were soon dispensed with, as it j was objected that his cartoons were alto gether "too German"—which was not sur prising, considering that he used his father as model for any and every figure in eaob of the pictures. It thus came about that' the old gentleman represented the Pope, Mr. Bradlauph, and Nemesis in turn, appear ing indifferently before the" public a« "Bradlangh besmearing the figure of Truth." and "Death and Folly (both) feed ing War." • "Judy" had some prosperous years a de cade ago, but on the whole the most powerful of Mr. Punch's recent rivals have been "Moonshine" and "Pick-me^up." Fur niss's "Lika Joko" might have done if- his own pencil had not almost monopolised the print. Also be was a bad manager, and veiy soon his directors withdrew their j support. Mr. Hind (now editor of the i "Academy") then joined Furniss in edit- I ing the ill-fated "New Budget," but the partners couldn't agree, and after Mr. Hind's secession Furniss dropped it. The opportunity for a high-class humor ous and satirical paper in opposition to "Punch" is undoubtedly at present im mense, and Mr. Burnand has taken a dis tinctly -wise step in strengthening the aged humorist's position. The "Academy" says that next to the '"Westminster's" 'witty and consoling epi taph on the soldiers" imprisoned at Pre toria— "Not lost, but gone before," the best humorous remark concerning the war is recorded in the "Birmingham Daily Mail." It illustrates very richly the confidence a wife may have in her husband. A reservist's wife, on be ing observed to look peculiarly thoughtful, was comforted for her loss. "Oh, it ain't 'im I'm troubling about," she is reported to have said, "it's them poor Boers. Bill's such a terror when he starts." Another Birmingham soldier is said to have thrown aside his rifle in the midst of a fray, with the remark, "Here, Bill, you take my rifle. Just give me that brick-end, it'll be more homelike." 'The King of Booksellers," "The Napo leon of Bibliopoles!" Thus is described— and not extravagantly—Bernard Quaritch, who has just passed away in his 81st year. It falls to few men to live all their life among books and for books, and yet to be so world-renowned as Quaritch. Even his recreation had the musty atmosphere of the library, for he it -was who founded the dining club, "Ye Sette of Odde Volumes," illuminated by his dry humor. Although he was aggressively English, and one was inclined to consider him a pro duct of London, he was of Slavic extrac tion, and born in Prussian Saxony. He came to England in 1842, five years after wards was naturalised as a British sub ject, and ever since has done what he could in his own line to spread the English lan gauge throughout the world. The feeling of patriotsm for his adopted country prompt ed him at the time of the Crimea to pub lish Anglo-Turkish and Anglo- Arabic grammars and dictionaries in order to weaken the power of the French in the Levant. He had just become a British subject when he left the employment of Mr. H. G. Bohn, whose service he had entered, as a lad, to begin business for himself. The tradition runs that he took his farewell with these ambitious words, "Mr. Bohn, you are the first bookseller in England, but I mean to be the first bookseller in Europe." His subsequent career fully justi fied his prophecy. Ambitious as were his aims, he began modestly in a little secondhand bookshop in an obscure street off Leicester-square. Gradually he became known as an enter prising and sagacious book-collector and book lover, with the result that old and rare tomes of all kinds and bibliophiles of all nations gravitated towards his stuffy little shop. From every quarter he gather ed in his folios and quartos and missals, even to the far 'East lie extended his rami fications, little by little he accumulated or obtained the control of capital, until he acquired his present premises in Picca dilly, now "the Mecca of the bibliophil," a banker's account on which he could draw to the tune of £30,000 for a single stale, a reputation for Shrewdness and the homage of his competitors as a salesman, who, as the "Academy" puts it pointedly, "never —hardly ever —abated a vrice, not even a price of an Australian volume to Mr. Heuv niker Heaton." Prodigious prices and monumental cata logues marked Quaritch's prowess *a the saleroom, and hie powers of organisation and compilation in the midst of his accu mulated tomes. To French booksellers the great Didot sale was their Waterloo, and Quaritch their Wellington. From 1832, when the Sunderland or Blenheim library was soM by Puttick and Simpson, and the Hamilton and Beckford libraries by Sotheby's, and Quaritch "scooped, tie pool," every big book sale was a stricken field 'for his competitors. Quariteh, . witSi his shining bald head, bade for rare books, prices that to the layman seemed ransoms. He acquired at fast.the title of the Old Monopolist. "Only upon tfhaooe occa sions, says the review of ?he treek, "could the boofcbuyer with the small purse snatch a triumph in the auction room. We re member meeting c poet who was in despair because he coveted a first edition of Mil ton in an auction catalogue. "Why cot buy it?" we said. "What," he screamed, "and the.Old Monopolist on the hunt!" When next we met that poet he was a man of joy. He had pounced on the volume when the Old Monopolist was oat at lunch." ' 0 At the end of the great Sunderland sale, Quaritch rose and made "a little speech to the assembled company, congratulating them on Che successful issue of tile .great est book sale that the world had ever known." At the Ashburnham sale he paid for his purchase dose upon £4,000. At the Syston Park, the Osterley .and other great sales he committed' similar extrava gances. But so thorough was his know ledge and keen his judgment that he sel dom failed to find a purchaser for or make a profit on his most costly purchases. He rejoiced to acquire such typographical trea sures as the "Bokyr of •Hawkyng and Huntying," the Mazarin Bible, a copy of the Psalter of 1459, printed-on vellum, and valued at £5550, Lord Bivers's "Dictes of the Philosophers," the first book printed in England, now valued at £1,500, or a copy of the first edition of the Canterbury tales. He mnst hare been loth to part' with snch treasures, even at a substantial profit, for he loved his books as trusty companions, and seldom did he wend his way homewards -without some choice copy under bis arm to pore over at his leisure. As a publisher he is best known by bis catalogues, but be it remembered to bis credit he published the first translation (Fitzgerald's) of Omar Khayyam in Eng land. His catalogue, published in 1880, was six and a half inches thick, described 28.009 books, and possessed an index of 229 pages in treble columns, equal to be tween 75,000 and 80,000 references. But this catalogue was eclipsed by that of 1890 in seven. volumes, one of the most fre onently consulted books of reference in the British Museum. These catalogues, as Quaritch himself truly said, "indicate the lines and landmarks of research through out the universe of science." Quaritch'g honesty was as well established a fact'as his sagacity, and the statement of the pre face to one of his earl£ catalogues, "Every book has been honestly- described, and gen tlemen favoring me with their orders can rely upon having good.copies in good con dition," was, as evert "book buyer can tes tify, the troth, the whole truth, and noth ing 'out the truth. *\ In the course of his long career Quaritch had many a chat witfi book lovers; Tenny son, Gladstone, Oliver Wendell Holmes, among the number, and one of the most interesting chapters fa the last named's not particularly interesting book "Our Hundred Days in Europe" described a visit to "the literary purveyor of royal and im perial libraries." A war, which stirs the nation to its core, ought to inspire our patriotic poets, bnt up to the present "the country's literature has not 3reea equal to its enthusiasm. "Tue absent-minded beggar" still rests— or, rather, doesn't rest; many of us wish it would—on the pinnacle of patriotic poetry. Since Lord Roberts'^ appoint ment, Kipling's *"Bobs" has found several imitators at a distance, as witness the fol lowing samples:— ; From the "Outlook":— 'E"s the sort to bring you luck, General Bobs; :At?' 'ell wire you when 'c's stuck, Little Bobs. When they say 'c can't fight Boer, It just sorter makes 'im roar 'Till his little chest is sore— Don't it, Bobs? From the "Pall Mall Gazette":- You're older than you was, Afghan Bobs; , That dont signify, befcos— • 'Cos you're Bobs. ■ You've never 'ad an ounce Of gas or buck or bounce, So them Boers I specs you'll trounce, Fightin' Bobs. With the Sirdar yon're in touch. Gen'ral Bobs; Some chaps don't love 'im much, Do they, Bobs? 'Is orficers confess *E aint too gay at mess; But the Boers will .love 'im less, Wont they, Bobs? \- The Poet Laureate serves us op bis usual "pap." '"To Arms" is his latest effusion. It works up to the following fine climax:— Comrades in arms, from every shore, Where thundereth the main. On to the front they press ana pour To face the rifles' rain; To force the foe from covert crag, And chase them till they fall, Then plant for ever England's flag TTpon the rebel wall! ■ What! Wrench the Sceptre from her fcandi ■And bid her bow the knee? . Now -while her Yeomen guard the. land, And her ironclads the sea! ' This sort of thing isn't much better than the somewhat premature music tall song ending:— "And somewhere in the bag. They have got a little flag To stick into the pudding, Christmas Day." Thomas Hardy contributes "A Christmas Ghost- story":— " • South of the line, inland from far Durban, There lies —be he or not your country man— A fellow-mortal: Riddled are his bones, But 'mid the breeze his puzzled phantom moans Nightly to dear Canopus^-fain to know By whom, and when, the All-Earth-Glad dening Law Of Peace, brought in by Someone crucified, Was ruled to be inept and set aside? A Pole sends some stirring verses "to the English," beginning— "War's dogs are loosed at last; give chase! Sons of the sea, your flag s unfurled Full in the breeze, full in the face Of th' angry world!" In the matter of prose we shall have to wait for young Winston Churchill's survey of the war at its conclusion, if, with his tendency to deeds of derringdo, he be so long spared. Meanwhile we have to satisfy ourselves with "made" books. One of the best of these is Mr. Walter Jen-old's "Sir Redvers Buller, V.C.," a sketch of Butler's career in a couple of hundred pages, published by Partridge at 2/6. In addition to a suc cinct account of the general's many cam paigns and exploits, the brochure contains some anecdotes illustrating his knowledge of human character and his obstinacy. Very artful was the manner in which he persuaded an old woman in charge of a station, in the mouth of the St. Law rence for succouring shipwrecked sailors to let him have the run of some supplies which were not intended for his benefit. She would not hand over those supplies, slie said, to anyone who had not been shipwrecked. The young officer caught the slightest euggestive intonation in the woman c Int remark, and so at once said, speaking with a Cornish accent — "What! uot for dear old One and All, and 1 a HullerY' "What! be yew from Cornwall, and a Buller* Take" everything there is in the place; you'ra hearty welcome." In the expedition towards Khartoum for the relief of Gordon, a dispute arose be tween Sir Redvers Buller. -■who is obstinate, and Lord Charles Beresiord, who is inge nious, as w wlrreh of two river branches was the best to take. Lord Charles hav ing named one, Sir Redvers declared for the other, and insisted on that one being chosen. "Wasn't 1 right?" asked Duller, after a time. "Of course, you were," re plied Beresford. "I only suggested the other branch because I knew that you would be sure to oppose me, and that we should thus get the right one. In addition to "The Ti-ansvaal from Within"' and "Forty Years in India," any books relating to war are much in de mand. Mr. F. Xorreys Connell's "Ho-iv Soldiers Fight (Bowdcn) is a straightfor ward, well-written little book tuat will give civilians just the lucid account of old and new .methods of fighting that they arc seek ing at the present time. >ir. Spenser Wilkinson, the military critic of tfhe "Morning Post," has by h:s comments on the war in that journal, given a fresh least of life to his -work on '"The Volunteers and the Ka&ional; Defence" and "The lirain of an Ann-y," the latter a popular account of the German general staff. Both books are published by Constable. Frequent com parisons of the incidents of the -present campaign to those of the Franco-Prussian war 'wiH cause a demand for "The Franco- German War. By generals and others who took part in file Campaign," a Very •' popular work in Germany, translated and edited by Major-General Mianrice, -which despite its somewhat wooden 6tyie is a readable book. Very apropos in its appearance, too, is the second volume of Dr. tit chett's "How Kngland Saved Europe: the Story of the Great War, 1793-1815," which deals with "The Struggle for the Sea." Possibly ardent volunteers will be glad to be reminded of the fact that Lord Wblseley was fond of taking with him on a lons expedition "Creasy's De cisive Battles." A fascinating and admirably written book is Mr. T. Miller Maquire's. "Military Geography," published in the Cambridge geography series. Mr. Maquire is a bar rister of the Inner Temple, a lieutenant in i the Inns of Court Volunteers, and an en thusiast on suet questions as the strategic relations of Europe, historic lines of in vasion, frontiers and fortification. The reader will be much aided by the 27 maps in the volume. An interesting chapter is that which points out that since the time of the Romans the decisive strategic points in Europe have remained the same. He illustrates the point by observing that "during the manoeuvres in Wiltshire in 1898 our commissaries, without having con sulted any antiquarian authorities or being guided by tradition, planted their principal camp on the very sites where the Roman legions rested during their conquest of Southern Britain." There .is plenty of food for reflection in the book. "S.C," writins in the "Pall Mall Ga zette," tells the following story of the late Archbishop of Canterbury and Dodo "Just after Dodo tad taken the town by storm, Archbishop Benson went down to Tonbridge School, of which he was visi tor, to preside at a special function. There was a large gathering, and the archbishop made a speech, in which he dwelt on the bygone customs of English public school life, many of which, he said, 'are now as ex tinct las the-—.' Then he paused. It was not hard to divine the traditional simile which was on his tongue. A nnile went round the room, spreading till, it broke into a burst of laughter, in which the arch bishop joined. The sentence 'was never finished." • Bttt the advertisement, -we might add, was. It-is. says Mr. Lincoln Springfield "n the "MaiL" impossible to disguise the fact that the war has seriously injured the publishing season, which came to an end on Saturday last. In many cases it would probably have been better had the pub lishers held over a book until things set tle down again, and book buyers are n.i longer diverted from reading by such ac tual facts of life as anxiety and grief. But publishers, dislike to do this. One san guine "bookseller stated the other day thai he hoped that a specially successful spring season might be recorded—"after the war is over." There is, however, very littla likelihood of the -way being paved for the realisation of his dream this year. In times such as these the arts are "the firsi to suffer, and although a certain kind of story will always be read, come what may, if only as an anodyne, there are many and better books which- are as certain to Hje inoperative in making any claim on a dis tracted mind. Id a recent conversation -with Sir Alger non West on the changes in the world of books during the last thirty years, Rboda Broughton made the characteristic remark that she used to be considered Zola, but was now, she believed, classed with Char lotte Yonge. How true the first part of this epigram was I can well remember. There were no "George Egertons" in the early seventies, and the reviewers of the period were easily shocked. They held up their hands at "Cometh us as a Flower" ami "Not Wisely But Too Well" (a dull book), and even the delightful 'Tfancy" was not "permitted" to tne proverbial I young person. Now everybody reads Miss i Broughton, and if people don't talk of her quite in the same strain as dear old Char lotte Yonge they look upon her novels as equally comme fl faut. Miss Broughton lives in a dear old house at Oxford (de scribed in ' "Belinda"), and she and her troop of doggies out for a walk are "lions" dear to the undergraduate heart. Which ever of the sights, of the city of learning Algernon's relatives may be permitted to overlook when they*visit him, it won't be this one. Miss Broughton is extremely kind and good-natured, but-does not enter tain extensively nor go orit much. What will a new novelist not do to at tract attention? A Mr. Alfred Clark has ■written a. romance, to which he gives the engaging title ."In a State of Nature." His publishers say it has to do with Arctic subjects. I should think bo, indeed. All Australians who know those main stays of middle- class uondon, the aerated bread shops, will recognise the admirable truthfulness of the following ten line de scription of the average .waitress at these abodes of bread and butter. I cut it from the "Outlook," which says:—"All day it is hers to dispense food and drink and occasional smiles in bun shops. She is usually young and sometimes pretty, and she wears 'snowy' aprons and caps. The apple of her eye is the handsome male, round whom she has a tendency to hover sweetly what time the other kind of male fumes at her dilatoriness. In conversation she does not sparkle, "Goon on' being her favorite expression, and 'Silly cuckoo' her oninion of most people-^-including Mr. Krueer. Yet is she a gossip, a retailer of small scandal, and a creature of infinite giggle and cackle behind screens. Also, if you huff her, she can be caustic of ton gue. On the whole, however. London and its refreshment houses would be in sore case without her: she is the backbone of sundry profitable limited liability concerns: she works hard "for her modest dues, and she makes many clerks a good wife." In James Bowden's Colonial Library note G. A. Plenty's "Lost Heir" and Harry Lindsay's "An Up-to-date Parson." The former is perhaps rather a tale for elder boys than "grown-ups," but the latter con tains some capital stories by the clever author of "Methodist Idylls." To all who care to rgad of quaint sides of religious life sympathetically sketched this book proves extremely attractive. The latest volumes in Bell's Colonial Library are "John Ames: a Romance of rhe Matabele Rising," by Bertram Mitford. and Florence Warden's "A Lowly Lover." Both these writers know their respective subjects perfectly, and the stories, if not brilliantly original, are quite readable. The House of Lords have finally decided that the successful imitators of the great Maskelyne box trick are to receive the £500 -which he offered for the discovery of his mystery- The litigation has cost the famous conjurer some £3,000 costs, whereas had he compounded with the young men to begin with they wonld pro bably only too gladly have accepted £250 or so. This would fiirelv be an onpor tune moment for a fresh edition of Maske lyne's "Sharps and Flats." ' Whether James Payn would (or did) approve of the collection and publication of his last fugitive papers posthumously is, I think, extremely dubious. The "Back water of Life" essays will not, of course, compare with his earlier work, being most ly obviously invalid efforts achieved on Fueh sustenance as beef tea, arrowroot, and eggs and milk. I kno-w the symp toms. The most interesting feature of the volume is really Leslie Stephens'*; pre face, a brief memoir of James Payu and his methods of work. Mr. Leslie Stephen says:—"When :i story struck him as spe cially suitable it ms workod up into an episode, or perhaps became the plot of one of his novels. I often had the opportunity of -watching the process. I ivould look in upon him at his- office, and be greeted with some quaint narrative which had come his way, . . . Then it would be gradually ela borated. He would write down the names of the imaginary character: on a sheet ot cardboard, eadh at the head of a column. Then it-he necessary dates and facts would be inserted in the appropriate columns, till a full scheme was drawn out and all points of genealogy, a-nd so forth, made abundant ly clear. A writer who was liable to fits of lofty inspiration mi^ht perhaps bj trammelled by so methodical a procedure. For Payn"? purpose—ihe clearest possible development of an ingenious situation —it answered, I x'.iink, very well; and what ever limits .there might be to his talent, the reader might at least be sure of having a thoroughly clear, bright narrative, written with unflagging spirit." Most people's nerves go sooner or later, riicrefore it is politic as well as seem'y and charitable not to be hard on break downs. Rudy.ird Kipling made a short speech at the Xavy League meeting at Rottin«rdean the other evening, and read ing between the lines of a rather unfriend ly report (but then of course R.K. offends everybody). 1 judge he is still feeling th<? effects of his late severe illness. The "'Academy" correspondent says—"When he showed his face in tohe schoolroom—it was crowded — h'n Rottingdean neighbors cheered him miehtily, and he blushed like a great kid. When he got up on the plat form to speak, he was as white as a ghof?. His voice rather reminded me of Charles Hawtrey's, bvt it's not so strong, and rather more refined. He had evidently learnt 'his little speech off by heart, and spun it out at a terrific rate. Of course, that was nervousness. It struck me that he felt if he were to hesitate he would be lost. The Big Englanders will .never g?t Kipling as ?. platform orator. He'd col lapse at the end if his third meeting. After he had done speaking he jumped off the platform, and for five minutes or so sat fidgeting in a chair; then suddenly he picked up his overcoat, slang it on his arm, and- bolted from the schoolroom .is if somebody had yelled, "The roof's giving way!' So^ he never heard the professional Navy League lecturer — and he didn't miss much. I should mention that, while making his speech, -Kipling gazed over the heads of the audience at a lantern stuck on the wall, and never moved either his head or bands. He spent the afternoon decorating the schoolroom with flags, "bunting, &c;, but I can't say much for his decorative taste. The stuff was strung across and across :n the crudest way. The Rottingdean fdik seem to be very fond of him." 