As time wears on and the country bo- comes moro fully developed and moro thickly populated, tho character of the industries pursued becomes more varied, especially in a land of such diversified resources as Australasia. In the early days, tho rearing of shoop and cattio woro the industries most univorsally followed ; then came the discovery of gold, and the rapid trans formation of the lonely bush- and open plains into thickly-populated centres of industry. The largo runs of tho early squatters wero diminished in size, and taken up by hardy selector. The era of grain growing then commenced, and this, in its turn, was added to by the establishment of kindred industries, until now Australasia produces most of "tho consumable commodities required either by hor own population or that of the mother country; The first pursuit followed in the country is still being carried on with success, and wool now brings Borne £20,000,000 por annum to its producers. Tho production of cereals nos reaonea nugo dimensions ; fruit, wine, butter, frozen moat, and other articles of human consumption are being produced in larger quantities year by year, and a demand exists for moro. Australia produces more than her people consume, and must look abroad for tho disposal of her produce. Happily, the market of tho world is open to us, if wo but take tho steps necessary to roach it. So farj tho English market has absorbed all tho staple products wo havo sent to it, and, we are told, thoro is practically an un limited demand. England cannot pro duce sufficient wool and foodstuffs for the requirements of her largo popula tion, and the shortage of supplies must bo made up by importa tions from abroad. The colonies do not export sufficient to meet the deficiency, though tho mother country offers every encourage ment In that direction. It may, however, be taken for granted that tho Australian producer is advancing, and will in time engage largely in the export of products which have as yet had little consideration. The frozen meat and butter export trades wore originated only a fow yoars ago, and thoir development in tho colonies where they have been established has outstripped - the anticipations of tho mo9t sanguine. The' export of these two items may be particularly referred to, becauso many difficulties had to be surmounted before they were firmly and successfully established, and it is possible that other industries, the ex pansion of which may at present seem hopeless, can also, with a little perseverance in the right direction, bo placed on a sound "and satisfactory oasis. Tasmania is behind her neighbors as far as tho.oxport of rural products is concerned, but, it is certain that, as her agricultural resources are opened up, with a consequent increase of production, we will have to seriously face tho question of finding an outlet abroad, and wo will also need to inorease the variety of our produots. The present Government is disposed to aid the producer in those respects, and has taken / Bteps to improve our dairy -herds, with the view of ulti mately; building up an export trade in butter. - We have already referred to tne posBiDiucies . time, exist, ior cue sound establishment of the dairying industry, and are pleased to note that some of our farmers are taking steps to form co-operative butter factories. The Government is also endeavoring to foster poultry farming, and, as far as can be gathered from English reports, there is plenty of room for Australian poultry on that market The imports, of poultry to England for .the four months ending April 30, in 1898, 1899, and 1900 were, respectively, X291, 730, L34G, 612, and L47S,353, Most of this was the produce of America, Canada, and France, but an English writer points out that Australia could command a large share of the trade if we would only try— in fact, would beat all opponents, for, owing to alternate seasons, we could bxport poultry when it is ex tremely scarce on the English market, and at a time when the countries now exporting raise, poultry under very ad verse conditions, being handicapped by the seasons. 1 According to the figures quoted, the value of 'poultry imported by England is increasing year bv year, and there seems no sound reason .why Australia should not endeavor to secure a portion of the trade. From February to Slay fowls reared in England and Ireland realise from 10a to 14s per pair, and even if tho value of Australian fowls were considerably less, a good margin of profit would re main. There does not appear any reason, ' however, why the Australian article should not be worth nearly, if not quite, as much as the home-bred, provided tho proper sort is supplied. Each new industry estab lished in a country adds to its wealth, and the apparent desire of the Government to foster branches of rural industries hitherto neglected is one worthy of general commendation. The following is the weather forecast for to-day Fine, with moderate to rather rough sea around the coast of Tasmania generally. The disturbance, " Olutha," now exieta 400 miles E.N.E. from Hobart. \- Tho weathor on Thursday was threaten ing, and a slight nhowor foil at night. Yesterday wis, however, fiuo and mild, awl last night showed signs of ' con tinuance. 't Light froBts (wrltOB our Latrobo corres pondent) arc bolng oxporlonccd, but tho days arc fine. Tho weathor (writes our Ponguin cor respondent) was bitterly cold throughout Thursday, owing to tho keen pouth'oast wind which prevAllod. Rain fell for a short time In tho ovoning. Tho following tracks of prodnoo arrlvod at the Devonport railway station for tho week ondod yosterday Saturday, 16 ; Monday, 5 ; Tuesday, 6 ; Wednesday, 20; Thursday, 18 ; Friday, 30 ; total, 05. Tho quantity of produce reooived at tho Latrobo railway station for tho week ondod Thursday night was llC tons. An interesting water-color painting from the brush of Mr W. II. Short, a Victorian artist nt present residing Id tho district, was yesterday placed on viow in ono of Messrs MoKay, Sampson, A McKlnlay's windows. Tho picturo is en titled, " When tho wattlo blooms," rind pourtrays a portion of tbo Rivor Mersey ?ear the railway bridge, Latrobo. On tho banks aro shown'wattlo troos coming Into blossom, with dead troos mingling among the groon ones. Tho ranges In tho dlstanco form an Interesting background, whilst cattio going to wator glvo an air of life to tho scono. Other pictures by tho samo artist on view, aro, " The oloso of day" — a ficono near Latrobo,. looking towards Devonport; "On tho Mersey, Latrobo"; "A glimpse of the Western Tiers, from tho Satsafran district"; "A quiot spot on tho Moandor, Doloraiuo"; and 14 Tho Money Bloff," showing tho Don Heads. All tho piotnroa aro nlcoly toned, and pourtrayed In a mannor which gives amplo ovldonco of tho artist's ability as a lAndscapo paiutcr. Ab bearing upon the rolalivo cost of gas and electricity, tho following will bo of interest to Devonport readers just now : — The Hobart Marino Board have under ounsidoration tho question of substituting electricity for gas for wharf lighting, and at a recunb meeting estimates of cost woro submitted by tho local gas company. One ostlmato was for £615 per annum (exclusive of repairs to lamps), and tho other was £675 por annum (tho company bearing tho whole cost of tho installation). Tho Master WAitlon remarked that tho cost of gas lighting was £250 to £260 per annnm, tho highest amount ovor paid bolng £314 por annum. A oi80 of shopbreaking (writes onr oor- ruHpondcnt) ocoarr-rd At Latrobo oither into on 'xnorsaay nignc or during too early hours of yesterday morning. Mr "A. Turnbull, butoher, of Gilbert street, left his promises securely locked on Thurs day night, but in the morning lb was fonnd that tho backdoor bad been broken in, evidently with the aid of a log of wood, which was left on tlo floor. Meat to tho vaIuq of £3 was appropriated from tho shop. Tho police are diligently investi gating the matter, but, so far, no rellablo due to tho thief or tbloves has beon obtained. ' An Individual, evidently Intent on some wltloss schome for self.amusomont, has, during tho past fow nights (writos our correspondent) boon clumsily attempting tho ghost trick At Latrobo, and has con trived to xoare a number of women and children shortly after nightfall. From dosoriptions givon by thoso who havo soun tho "ghost," the individual le attired In a long flowing robe, and oarrles a minlatnro coffin under tho loft arm. If eomo of tho sterner sex who aro laying in wait, only manage to got within oloso quarters, his ghostahip will have barely time to shuffle off his hideous vestments and clear for bis llfo. A meeting of the Dovonport Bubonic Plaguo Prevention Committee was to havo been held at tho Marino Board office yesterday afternoon, but only tho Hon J. II. MoOaii, iMr H. M. Latham, and Dr Smith attended. A con versational dloouBsion was held as to the advisability of continuing tho destruction of rats. . It was pointed out that, from a plaguo poiut of view, thoro was no need to wago war Against tho rodents, but, on tho othor baud, thore was no doubt that tho pest was increasing, nnd should bo kept under, though it was 'scarcely advis able to pay Is per head for their destruc tion, as formerly. It was eventually de cided to postpone the meeting until Tues day afternoon, when it Is hoped a fall at tendance wlU be prosont, to settle the matter one way or the other. Porter Westerway, of Latrobo (writes our correspondent), has received some details of the trip .mAdo by hla brother, George, and his two mates, Oosslm and Connors, from Gormanston to Hobart. George Westerway, who was reportod as havlog porlshod in the snow at Mount Arrowsmlth, but who arrived safe at his home at Glenora yesterday week, states that the journey was indeed a terrible one. The weather was fine on leaving Gormanston, bnt oamo up bad before they had gob far out. At night, thoy had to stand against a tree for reBt and sholtor. Some of tho way, they had tho greatest difficulty in getting along, and had to roll tholr swags In front of thorn as they slowly procoedod. When Oosslm got so bad, tbo throe men were nearly giving up, nut Oannors shortly afterwards oanght sight of tho Iron Store. Oosslm had to throw off his swag, and Westerway oarrled It, as well as his own, for two days. Their bloeys got so heavy that they had to abandon them. Oosslm was greatly affeoted by the cold, and was con stantly falling down, bnt the others kepb rousing him along as well as possible. Westerway was About to lay down at any mlnnto, bub Connors was very persever ing. Ultimately, Oosslm gob so bad that he could neither walk nor speak, and was .taken op by Westerway, who was already burdened with the two swags, aud carried by him for about two miles to tho Iron Store. There tho other two wrapped the (rostrated traveller in an opposium rug whloh they found at the store, and kindled a fire and mado some porridge. The Utter, thoy consider, was the means of saving Oosslm's life. They had walkod 00 miles without touching ground, and the Bnow being so thlok, they rolled their swags along in front of them to make a traok, Ttfoy took the overland route to see what It was like, bub did not antici pate suoh a rough experience, In the midst of which tbey bad given np all hope of ovor roaohing home again. The mon aro now none the worse for their adventure, having been moro fortunate than three other mates who undertook the journey »"w ""WW i.v» I1IUO VApodUIICWI bare been published In "The Poet." . A meeting of the Riana Branch Board of Agrloulture was held on Wednesday. Present : Messrs J. Harvey (chairman), ,W. P. Smith, W. Bennett, W, Dlok, R. Dick, W. Stafford, A. Willey, H. Taylor, 'and W. V, Smith (secretary). — 'J wing to -an informality. In the ballot paper need at the recent eleetlon for a member of the Council of Agriculture, a fresh ballot eras taken, when tho retiring member (Mr A, Monnlngton) seenred a majority of votes. — A memo regarding the quarantine re- gnlatlona from tho East Mersey board was discussed, and it was resolved thatquaran- tlne'should be abolished, In the Interest of tho dairying lndostry. — Mr Taylor read' a letter from Mr R. D. Stewart regarding tho dairying lndostry. Alter discussion, Mr Stewart waa thanked for hla oom- mhnloation, aud members approved of a meeting being called at an early date to discuss the subject. Wo understand that the Blind Musical Students' Ooneert Company Intend to give a performance in the local town hall at an arly date. Tho ohairman of tho Riana Branch Board of Agriculture (Mr J. Harvoy) and tho secretary (Mr W.Y.Smith) havo been oleotocj representatives. of tho board afa tbo conforonco to bo held at Hobarb on September 26., Tho friends of Mr J. Poulter, who has beon for some time assistant in a local establishment (writos our Penguin correfl- pondonfc) gave him a hoarty sond-off at tho Penguin Hotel on Thursday night. An enjoyable .musical ovenlng was spont, And tho best of wishes woro proforrod to Mr Poultor 'In hts sofourn on tho Wost Coast, for whonoo ho leavos to-day. A half-day parade of the local volunteer oorpB will bo neld on tho East Dovonport reoroatlon ground this afternoon! . Tho oompany will bo uodor tho charge of OAptaln the Hon J. H. MoOall, and tho drill in8trnotor, Sergeant-Major Brooo, will also bo prosont. Wo draw attention to tho urgont necessity for prompt repairs to a oulvorb on tho Ulverstono to Forth roAd, noar tho Clayton. During tho stormy -weathor a fortnight ago this oulvorb broko through, and yesterday morning fcho holo had nob been ropalrod. The annual ball In connection .with Portor's Brass. Band was hold In tho Skating Rink, Ulverstono, on Wodnosday evening, bub tho Attendance was nob so largo as on former oocasions, othorwlse tho Affair was a success, thoso present thoroughly enjoying themselves, Tho musio was supplied by members of the band, assisted by Mrs G. P. Taylor Tho monthly mooting of tho Lovon Road Trust will bo hold to-day, whon ib is likely there will bo somo more lively passages, particularly ovor tho orushlng of tho metal on the Kindred road. Mr Albert Smith (writes onr Ponguin oorrospondont), who had boon Buffering from Inflammation of tho lungs for a week or so, succumbed to the disease oil Thurs day, in splto of the boat of attention And care bestowed on htm. The fencing and oloarlng.up of tho Cold to bo nsod for the mauuro trial In connec tion with tho West Dovon Agricultural Socloty has boon done, and the " striking out" of tho plots will bo proceodod with on Monday. Tho new post and telegraph offices at the Penguin aro now In tho hands of tho paintors, and will thus soon be ready for occupation. Tho hon tho Treasurer has roplled to a lettor forwarded by the secretary of tho local board of hoaUh to tho effeofc that tho Quaira's warehouse is unfit for tho storage of goods intended for human consumption. nird dnaiPAs tri 1m Infn.miul mnn definitely whAt Ib meant by the " Queen's warehouse wharf," and In what rospocb It is unfit for tho storao of goods. Tho seorotary of the board will await fuller In- strootions before replying to Mr Bird's loiter. A letter has boen reooived by tho secre tary of tho Dovonport Town Board, stat ing that tho mattor of creoting a lamp outside tho now post offioo at East Devon- port has been referred to cho Poblio Works Dopartraont. With regard to tho performance pro posed to bo held In aid of tho scenery fund of tho local town hall, tho General Manager for Railways has replied to a re quest from the town board, stating that if advised of tho date of tho entertainment he will arrange for the issue of return tlokots ab slnglo faroB to bona-fido por- formers. A mooting of tho Morsey Board of Advloo will be held at West Devonport on Monday. . The monthly meeting of the Ulverstono Chambor of Commerce will be held on Tuesday, whon, among other matters, Mr Oollett will Introduce tho subject of tho Federal tariff. \- A. V. And rows, of tho Latrobe 'Oyollng Olub. put up a 25-mllo road record for the club, between Deloraine and Latrobo, on Thursday, doing the trip on a Qaallo bloyclo, fitted with Qnaffo tyres, in 1 hoar 8m(n 45900. Messrs J. Hicks and J. T. Lucas woro timekeepers. A bill has boen introdncod in tho 'HouBeof Assembly to suppress indecent and obsceno publications. . Ib repeals section 180 of the Police Act, 1869, and now clauses aro substituted dealing with tho publishing of indeconb advertisements in newspapers, delivering snoh advertise ments for publication In newspapers, affixing indeocnt or obsoeno pictures or writings, sending others' to do aots punish able under tho. measure, posting Indecent piotnroa And printed matter, ana printing indecent pictores and printed matter, the penalty In oaohcaso on conviction being not oxceedlng £20, or, In tho dleoretion of tho Oonrt, imprisonment for a term nob ox- ooeding six months, with or. without bard labor Certain medical advertisements which find their way into a great many nowspapors aro doclarod to be indecent; Tho Postal Department Is given power to destroy any publication sent through the post, which may contain indecent ad vertisements. Wo understand the Abbotsham rifle men aro making great preparations for tholr annua! ball to be held on Tuesday ovenlng. Wesloyan services will bo held to-mor- row ab 11 and 7 at East and West Devour port, aud at 3 and 7 at Wesloy Yale. Some haok races will bo held on the Levon Boaoh on Saturday afternoon. The annual mooting of the Mersey Hortlooltural Society will bo held In the Devonport Town Hall at 880 on Thura- day. All who take au Interest in the pro gress of tho society are requested to at tend. , Mr J. W. Carroll, for a number of years connected with a well-known Launceston firm, has oomraenced business an a Baddler and harness maker In Stewart street, West Devonport, opposite MoKay, Samp- sop, & MoKinlay's. . Mr Carroll promises to put in tho bust material and workman ship, and sell at tho lowest possible prices. If he does not do the first-mentioned, ho will belio the traditions of tho firm he has so long beon oonncoted with, for the other day, a well-known farmor ab the Don, in tho course of conversation, said that a saddle made for him by Mr Carroll about a decade back, and sinoe oonstantly In use, had suited admirably, but, he re marked casually, "lb begins to want a few slight repairs now." Well, if that saddle had not been faithfully built. It would not now need repairs, for it would long since have beon oast on the dust heap. Messrs W. & F. Henry announce that tho Arabsiro horso, Desert Chief, will stand at "Sea Viow,' Don, during the season, and will travel through Sassafras, Green's Oreok, Latrobe, Nook, Sheffield, Barring- ton. Forth, Ulverstono, North Motton, 8prent, Kindred, and Gunn's Plains. Mr J. Turner, baker, West Devonport, announces that on -and after Monday he will deliver bread at Eaab Devonport. 