"Thy Kingdom Come." . (By Mrs. iiewis, Ph.D.). ' ' . . "Thy Kingdom come."-Matthew 6, 10. . It would be a curious calculation to make, were it in our power to ascertain, how many times each; of us has, during the course of a single year; pre- i sented this petition at the Throne of Grace, with ! out having any" adequate conception either pf ita jscope or of the great^personal responsibility which ! we bear in. bringing ,about , its accomplishment. We .. .are too ready to take it for granted that the answer . will come as the result only bf an exercise of tho Divine will; whereas, in truth, the fulfilment of our aspirations depends, to a very large extent, upon ourselves. . : -The coming of God's kingdom is, no doubt, ' DECREED IN THE ETERNAL COUNSELS, '. and the time for it may be even approximately ? fixed. But into- this side of the question it is ob viously futile for us to inquire. It will bé more :. profitable to pursue a line ot-thought where-we are not continually checked by the limitations of our own intellect, and to ask, Why has. God's kingdom not yet come? Are there any obstacles ! to its coming which human hands may remove? Have we not sometimes, in the past, . misunder stood God's plan of working? We have prayed and, still more, we have acted, as if we had our selves no share in the fulfilment of -is decrees. , The kingdom of God is righteousness, and peace, rand joy in the Holy Ghost. Righteousness shall one day be THE SUPREME LAW OP THIS WORLD. It might reign over the universe to-morrow, for God wills it. But God has also decreed, that man, redeemed man, is to bc a fellow-worker .with Him. He has decreed it, indeed, of His own good pleasure ; J>ut, perhaps, this co- operation with Him is more necessary than we think; nay, it is, per haps, absolutely essential for His great purpose in the perfecting of the saints. That this is so may be a mere hypothesis; but if we look at God's dealings with our race in tha past, and also at the laws of our own 'being, we must confess that it is a very probable one. WE ARE ALREADY FELLOWWORKÉRS WITH ' HIM ?.; in the supply, of our material wants! ; 'vMaavÄ;tlie; only animal who has to employ his own wits in, providing himself with both food and clothing. God' has, indeed, created the raw material, for "without! I His wonderful ordinances in nature, and without His blessing, neither the corn nor the cotton would' grow, nor would the, sheep produce ito wool. But without man's labor these would not be service able. For the shelter of a home, for the multi farious conveniences of life, for the means of transit, for the discovering and profiting by the secrets of nature, God's secrets, man has not only to use his wits, but to labor incessantly. Th» necessity for doing this differentiates him from the brutes, and goes far towards making him con scious of possessing an immortal soul. ? And when sickness overtakes us, though wo pray that God will"grant us a good recovery, do we neglect to use the means which He has placed in our hands, or in those -of a -skilful physician, to combat the malady, and restore the wonderful organism of our bodies to its natural equili brium? IF MAN BE THUS A FELLOW-WORKER , WITH GOD . ... in the material world, is it so very unlikely-that he must be so also where moral and spiritual re sults'are to be achieved? Consider also the history of our race. God brought His people out of Egypt, but it was by the hand of Moses. He settled them in Canaan, under a long line of judges and kings. He won them from idolatry through the captivity, but the Assyrian was the rod of His anger. . He raised up Cyrus for the purpose of restoring them, and for this He also used the courage of a Zerubbabel and an Ezra. The Christian Church was founded by the Word made flesh. The Second Person- of the Godhead worked out our salvation in a human body. . Not only so, but the sufferings of Christ Himself had to be filled up or supplemented by those of His disciples before they could shake the world. From mouth to mouth, in the synagogue, in tho' "... market, oh the sea shore, 'the message , of God's mercy was carried around the .Roman Empire. Why was it not carried further? Why was not all mankind brought into obedience? Not from any failure on God's part. The Church stayed her hand; and lowered'her voice, when she had only half delivered her message. BRETHREN, WE HAVE BEEN SLOW TO ' SEE THIS. God is ever ready with His share of the Work. He waits to be gracious. He is ever ready to pour out of His Spirit. But we, His people, must not only pray, wo must act. And we must all act. Before our Gospel can reach the heathen, before we can lift the denizens, of our. slums out of their degradation, before we can reclaim tho lost, arrest or compel the attention of the thought less, we must have a long pull, a strong pull, and a pull all together. The Church of Christ is an army ; it must bs loyal to the core; it must be obedient to discipline; each separate corps, whether it be formed Of pas tors, deacons, teachers, healers, must be drilled to understand thoroughly its own particular task. "ENGLAND EXPECTS EVERY MAN TO DO HIS DUTY," said. Nelson. Does God expect less? "In tho eighteenth century only ordained ministers wer« expected-to work in His vineyard. The .business of the laity was to attend Divine service, to lead - reputable lives, and to bring up their own children in the nurture of the Lord. Moro was not asked from them. Let us apply these ideas to any purely human; un^etj^ijig, and sjs whaj wftujj| feg th§. om&U; 3Do our brave soldiers In the Transvaal expe< -their officers alone to work? If they did E " even for a single day, would they not be be&te; back from every point? When we reflect fe bow long a time, even through all the middle age! and to a great extent even. in the few centurie posterior to the Reformation,ui?uj^->ap, idea ha prevailed, can we wonder; ( %t> ^ipfjig%jc1el of th lapsed masses, or at the tide of ignorance, follj and sin which often seems'too strong for our mos heroic endeavors to stem? Verily we and ou -fathers have given place to the devil! But Thy kingdom come! It must be so n< more. - ! l ^. I THE CHURCH OP CHRIST IS AWAKE, las she has never been since the days of Luther Foreign missions, home missions. Christian En deavor Societies, Boys' Brigades, University Set tlements are the fruits of the impulse which sh< lias received in these latter days. But even the: are not sufficient. «The old-fashioned Christian saintly though he was, who thought only abou the salvation of his individual soul, will soon b< a thing of the past. We have come to recognisi the solidarity of our race. Personally, we ari our brothers' keepers. We must work not merelj for our own salvation and the salvation of oui .households, but for the building up of our charac ters and for the reclaiming of the lost. No ran iflom shots'will do, but a concentrated, well-direc ted lire on the strongholds ot sin. Everyom must do his duty. All the tithes must be brought Into the storehouse, and God will be proved here .with'," and will open th© window's of heaven, anc pour tis out such a blessing that there shall nol lie room enough to receive it. We must realise i£he truth that God's, kingdom wil\r come just in proportion as man puts forth efforts to bring il in. fr. GOD'S KINGDOM IS OUR KINGDOM. The Church is the body of Christ. It lives by His indwelling Spirit. This is a mystery which ,we are able to feel without comprehending, and our Lord has illustrated, lt also by His parable of the vine and its branches. So the prayer, Thy kingdom come, is a petition which directly touches ourselves. If it be no^r/s^è.^fly^:àhswered, the delay will be wholly ai; our own floor. And no society has so certain a trust in God's'co-opera tion with its efforts as the British and Foreign Bible Society. Other societies may receive a large measure of His blessing,. but Bible societies alone'can point to a direct promise of their own success in Holy Writ-"So shall My Word be that goeth forth out of My mouth: lt shall not return unto Me void, but it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing ..whereto I sent it." ,iu'' .This success is not the less real although IT CANNOT ALWAYS BE. PLAINLY TRACED. For example, when we hear the cry Los Von Rom attributed to purely political causes, we feel in clined to look beneath the surface, and to sus pect that the ground had been for many years prepared by the patient labors of printers and of colporteurs, before the plant of intellectual free dom oegan to shoot up so vigorously as it has lately done ig Southern Europe. And nothing but the Bible in their own tongue will carry men »ot only Los von Rom but back to Christ. 