THE EXPEBIEMES OF A MEDIUM. Attitatiattsiug medium who is wsUtoaawn m apWloalistie circles is HadWM D'fisperaace, wooetuing whom ' Iritbt ' bas published soase acaouat of the way itt wbrah she begsa^o knew tbat tbe ievistbla world is as real as that which is visible, la her case it seems indeed «s it ibe invisible world was at first tbe mow real of lbs two. J^twiaiiuwy Madams »'Bspere»w dwell amoa«Jtieipeoka, acting ftea BMmag in «wt »o- aBjimt fcwmwid attumaaae her r-wb Pereata. 'JSo tar *ittaow1«ie«xs»ieaIiihOBfbtI *vertecki»»nnei-rloiiwhh«iese expeiieucea wss whea afejeasitys«os» for 4snntagaa»d *«p- arabog tiuei from the experiences of tie.woriwt. dajwsrldj whea I wm» gradually lo the oa-t oerataSdUg that »s world U whiflh % apeat mestof taeday wssswttee same world that the people reuadabeut me inhabited. The die covert1 did not trouble me. 1 fancy 1 was ratter jweud of being.the solepraprietor of a world to which my nurse snd*thw»or the workaday wotld bad no entree ; where the people were kinder and qualaler. Itwas a wendertnl land, and J never . tittd of lelaling its mat vela and. beauties, till oae d»y t wss told tbat I was old esoogh to leave off mnasMiag aad weaving ab nurd stories. 'It took me some time to understand that my atones were not believed, but when I did my lo «ugaatiea was boundless, i learned, however, at last, tbat there are some things it is as well not to talk abunt to everyone ; so I gradually left off baoalatisg.tba voioee of the wind er the songs of tLe birds, which nobody believed, or only called romancing— a word which I grew to kate. ' To compensate for this I took much more eomfert in my human (P) companions, who in habited what I call my ?shadew' land, though they were anything but shadows to me. They were alwaya kind. If 1 passed them on the stairs, or in the old-fashioned rooms, they greeted me with frinOly smiles. Tbey seemed to like to have me walebiegtbem as tbey moved about, aad this I often did. Sometime* atraagers came, but for the most part I gnw to recognise them all, and loved them dearly. 'One old lady who frequently occupied a seat near the chimney owner attracted ane ; sbe looked so sweet aad gentle in tbe quaint white head-dress and lace fiohu sue wore, as sbe sat with swiftly moving fingers uuder which a tlsckisg wee always being formed. The ntion fascinated us as I ebserved, time after time, bow the deft fingers manipuUttd the yam and tbe flittering needles, till tbe idea came to me that I might lean tew to knit from watching ber. '? 1 teased my nurse to supply me with the necessary materials, and then tried bard to imitate the movt ments of my shadow friend. 'They said our house was haunted, and gruesome stories were told of tbe ghosts who perambulated ie suny empty reams. 1 was horribly strsid of ghosts. I didn't know what Iher were, but all the same, 1 was afiaid of them ; afraid to move from one room to an other without my shadow frii uds for company ; afraid to be left alone in bed unless I saw the friendly face cr smile of one of them, and felt certain tbey would protect me from tbe dreaded ghosts. With them 1 knew ao tear ; dark rooms had no tenors for me. I would spend hows in the haunted rooms, content to knew tbst 'my shadow friends were an all sufficient protection against the ghosts ; but without them I was the veriest coward. This seeming incoosisUooy gained for me the repu tation of being ' queer.'' 'HadanwD'E'peraoce bad her ears hexed for describing the old lady from sbadowlaad who knitted M quickly ia the chimsey corner. Bat she got over 1 bat. tVbat filled her child soul with bar rer was the assurance given tier by toe doctor ' tbat other peop'e see those tliii.gs, but they are mad. From that moment she shuddered with dread whenever sbe saw them, believing each apparition was a proof tbat bet reason was going. At last, to her gieat de light, sbe f ound that they appeared but seldom and almost entirely rsnisbed. 'When atacnool.MadasnsD'Espei-anee bad a very cm ions experience. Sbe -bad to write an essay on Mature. . ' Hy attempts at writing only resulted in wasted paper, headaches, or miserable tears at my ni n-sueeess, 1 began to dsspair of ever pro ducing a readable sentence. Everv morning I roee with tke determination to write something before uigbt, and each night I went to bed re solved to keep awake to think out sosaelbiaf before morning : but thoughts would not come — niitl er ia tbe daylight nor ia tbe eight. ?' At last, wben it bad reached to within three days oi the slotted time snd 1 had still lone nothing, I was driven to my knees snd prayed long aud earnestly tbat God would send me thoughts. Wbeo I went to bed that night I took with me caudKs, paper, and penoils, in teudiug, wben the other girls wereasletp, te ligLt my candles aad begin to write ; but, alas forme, they would not lit me bavealigLt). and, in despair, I cried myself to sleep. ''Next morning, wbea miserably gathirisg up the scattered theets of paper from tbe floor where they bad fallen, I discovered that tbey were covered bv clrsely- writlen liDts, which turned eot to be a charming, well-tbought-out esssy. This, after due coasideratiDo, I was al loweu io senu in as my wore, me Handwriting being unmistakably my own, though the ideas were clearly from a wiser and older bead. ' Hy atory of huw 1 bad prayed fartboughtc to be oven to me, together with my own som nsajbulio propensities was accepted aa tbe pro bablu ixpltnation of the otherwise mysterious ocoumnor. ' Some, years later, when I had exchanged the busv, occupied life of eldest daughter ia a large family for that of a youag wife who for several hours a day was left to her own com pany, I was horrified to find tie shadow people respptar, and I began to be tormented by the old fear of a diseased brain. I never spoke af these strange visions, I was too much air aid of people tbickit g me mad.; but the weary secret wi-i i torture io me,' Then Madame D'Espersnce began to hear about spir ituslism. Bbe scofiVd al first, but was soon Cfuvinced, and a great peace snd rest came to her. She got automatic writing aud then she began to sketch tbe portrait of the shadow people. ' These wen generally done inthe dark, as I found that the' dsiknets acted as a back ground, throning into strong relief every small detail of the figure I tried to sketch. At first I was as much surprised as au\body to find I had actually succeeded in making a toltrably accu rate drawing under tucb conrlitioas. I did nut understand bow 1 did it; all 1 knew was that to me it was nol dark. Hoat or the portraits bo drawn were identified and claimed by the friends of the port isjed pel son, so that out sf some hundreds diawit I onlyrelain a half-dozen or so which were not recoguised.' After experiments for five or sir years, tbey began to experiment for materialisation. At tie f with titting : — 'These silting outside tbe cabinet di dared tbat tbey saw a band, then a face, appear be tween the openings ef tbe curtain.. I (sitting in tbe datkness) saw nothing, and was dis tinctly incredulous. I went outside the curtsiuB to have a look, but found lo my dismay that my limbs would hardly bear me. I did see a fscr, bat sank into my ohair immediately, feel ing Urangely weak and powerless ; and a sort of fsi-aws.v-fr(imivcrybody sensation fright-' enud me veiy much. While in the cabinet I ?eard the remarks of the people outside dis «»edy, 1ftrm*h tbey *t«laed % is weaMsg mttaaaway. TLe- were ttWwf^Tlh.s.waet** the face load sasa^ovitiBtliisBtoeosWiMit, but «? aeelinsd *n %h» sswst bating ao clothes. ' During she interval between that eveoisjt anddiir next mstilmj, air Mend, Hi*. V.wd imaarJa^uredssflMgamtntsoatcf sums old ones which we intended to pises at the dis posal ot our strange visUmi-t»boold4e«onie again A garment was taken totbeseauoe room sad husg up withia tbeeslnaH, ready for utewhta the apSttt camii, He*« coma, *sd «xsm!eed Ibe tareuat vntioailj, but was erf. f]e»«y art to pleased mlblt s«*re**re,ferbe jnllfcd It up ahd threw tt out io tot be room ; nHerwards sUnpiot; but Wmseirlull* clothed In atobeof purer, fitter,«ad nenstacefnl fasUou -Hi.n Jhat which w« badjusnden. This wastte MffiPBinc of a— *? ma— aaw phase of mi dram abtp,and, nuriouaty njoufb.tbe more it wss enllivsted the more ilifHoolt it beesme to obtain any otber kind of phenomena, shewing that tbe one phase wss eultivaled st the expense of tie ether.' Id e book written by M. Akaakoff. ?? A o-» ef partial dematunalisatiou ef a medium body, a detailed account appears af ? mstenaiiMSg Mince given by Madame IVfSsperaBoe at Hel singteii io Ueet 1893, at the argent request of epiritasluts of ttigb social standing. lua aobseqneat letter te M Aktskofl, Hadstne VCspenaes wrote j— ' The peculiar tbug about thu leanoe con sists in tbe dissppearaoDS of half my body, which 1 ealy feaad »ut by scoldia*. My head, ?r rather tbe ospe «f ray neck, was giving me a good -drat of earn, aad 1 crossed my xtandste hiad my bead to support tt, which aeeaied to relieve me, Ky arms got tired iu that petition, and wishing to teat teem oa my levers. I found tbntmy legs were «oae, aad tbat my basis, instead of resting on my knees, were on the ohair. Tbat frightened me a little, aad I wished to know whether it was ln», ar if I was dream ing. There *s« light enough, ao I called the attention ot the perms sitting next me to tbe etrange thing : he exsmirud the ebsir, aad so aid four af the others, aewl they .11 declared it was true, aad tbat osly tbe upJMrpartof my body was really tbere. The chair had only by dress en it ; my arms, shoulders, and chest were in the proper plsoe above the chair, I could speak, man my arms and head, drink water, and sna ftel my legs and feet, elttnugh they were not there. During all tbis time Ibe terms earns and went, but they oaly showed themselves ; binds of different shspes aad sixes toacswd those -who were nearest tbe cabinet. 1 think it must have continued an hour from toe time I first tlU eoreted my strange cooditioe, which was long enough to verify it, and quite long enough, for me, who did not ksHnr if ever 1 would set bick my legs and be able t« go batne, a doobt that made me nervous. ' H. Abukaff «od the otasr sitters corroborate Ibe Mike truthfulnisa of the forrgoing state ment, snathe rorsner thinks that partial dema tmiali-ationvmay be a far mote fiequent ptt nomsaoB than is at all suspected. Thiirx perienes went to eonftrm Ms theory about tie aouree from which the ' spirits ' dtaw the sub stance for their aaterialisatioas. That theory is that there are thiee degrees of materialisa tion. In the flrat degree, we have ' invisible materuUeaUou '^-invisible to the multitude, but net to the clairvoyant. In tbe secaad deem wa have the visible and tangible ?naterialisatien of hands, face*, aud other parts of the body. In the third degree we have full forms. Ic all esses tbe matter must come frsm somewbtre, and H. Aksakoff believes it comes from tbe medium. A peculiarity of Madame D'Usperaaee's me diamsbip is said to be that by a bargain witb the spirits, she never goes iato a trance, and al ways sits outside tbe cabinet, sad, although she becomei passive to tke point of indifference, sbe always knows all that goes eo. 