CHAPTER III. She moved away irora me. ane squeezed herself airainst the side of the "eafciu. She withdrew Her limbs from be I ween the sheets. Aa for me, the person who had stepped upon the bod had actually stepped upon me, and that without seeming at all conscious of tny presence. Someone sat down plump upon the sheet beside me. That wu-s enouirh. I took advantage of my lying on tha edgo of the bed to slip out upon the floor. I might possess an unsuaprcted capacity for undergoing strange experiences, but I diet* the lino at sleeping with u ghost. The moonlight streamed across the room. As I stood, in something very like u state of nature, on the tWr. I eouM clearly see Violet cowering on the further side of the bed. } could distinguish all her features. But when I looked upon the bed itself—there was nothing there. Tha moon's rays fell upoa the pillow. They revealed its snowy white no^. There seemed nothing else it could reveal. It was untenanted. And yet, if cut looked closely at ir. it seemed to bo indented, just as it might have hecu indented had a human head been lying there. But abouS one thing there could be no mistake wbatevei —my cars did not play me false; I heard il too distinctly—the sound made by a person who settles himself between the sheets, and then - the measured ropiratiou of one whe composes himseli to slumber. I remained there, silent. On h6r handi and knees Violet crept towards the foot ox the t-*d. When she had gained the floor atoiy «•» tip*i»f? to my side. ... «•! did not dare to step across her," Xisifc Iior, as the nestled to me, giro me a little shiver. "I could not do it. Can vou her?" 4t What a fool I am!" As Violet asked \- h^r question thcro came this observation from the person in the bod—whom, by the way, I could not 6oe. There was a long drawn sigh. " What fools ail we women are I -What fools!" Ihere was a sincerity of bitterness about tho tone, which, coming as it did from an un seen speaker—one so nrjir and yet so fur—had on ono & most uncomfortable effefct. Violet pressed closer to my side. The woman in the bed tamed over. Overhead there s ill con tinued the measured tramp, tramping the man. We were coutexoas. in some subtle way, that the woman lay listening to the footsteps. They spoke more audibly to her cars oven than to ours. "Ollio! Ollie!" she repeated tho name softly to herself, with a degree of tenderness which was in startling coutrast to her pre vious bitterness. " I wish jroii would come to bed." She was silent. There was only the sound of her gentle breathing. Her bitter mood had been but transient. She was falling asleep with words of tenderness upon her lips. Above, the footsteps ceased. All was still. There was not even the murmur of the waters. The wife and I, ride by ride, stood looking down upon what seemed an empty bed. " She is asleep," said Violet. It seemed to me she was; although I could not sco ber, it seemed to me she was. I could hear her breathing as softly as a child. Violet continued whispering: •• How strange! Eric^what can-it mean ?r I muttered a reply— " A problem for the Psychics,} .Research Society." "It seems just like a art-am." " I wish it were a dream/* " Ssh ! There is someone coming down the stairs." There was—ct least, if we could trust our earn, there was. Apparently the man above had had enough of solitude." We heard hitu move across the roof, ibeo pau<e just by the steps, then desccud them one br one. It seemed to us that in this step" there was something stealthy, that he ITas endeavouring not to arouse attention, to make as little noise as possible. Half way down he paused; at the foot he paused again. "He's listening outride the door." It almost seemed that he was. "VVe stood and listened too. get away from the bed.'* My wife drew me witl(.fcer. At the op posite end of tho cabin was a sort of little ulcove, which was screened by a curtain, and behind which were hung one"or two of our garments which we were not actually using. Violet drew; me within the shadow df this alcove. I say drew me. because, offering no resistance, I allowed myself to be completely ' passive in her bunds. The alcove was no: i largo enough to hold us. Still the curtain ' was a puri iul screen. _ ! The silence endured for some inomeuts. fTheu wo heard without a hand softly turn-, ingthe handle of the door. While I was! wondering whether, after all, I was not the ! victim of an attack of indigestion, or! whether I was about to witrios au attempt at effecting a burglarious entry into a house- I bout, a strangelhing happened, the strangest | thing that had happened yet. I As I have already memioued, the moon's j ray flooded tho cabin. This was owing to the I fact that a long narrow casement, which ran I round iho walls near the roof of the cabin,' had been left open for *he sake of admit-1 ting air and ventilation. But, save tor I the moonbeams, the cabin was ualightod ' When, hoirercr, wo lizard tho handle being1 softly turned, a singular change occurred. It i was like the transformation scene in a theatre j The whole place, all at once, was brilliantly | illuminated. The moonbeams disappeared. Instead, a large swiugimr lump was hautrmg [ from the centre of the cabin. So strong wa> i the light which it shed around that our eye. were dazzled. It was notour iaiup; wcu-ed small hand-lamps which stood upon the table. By its glare we saw that the whole cabin was changed. Tor an inotaut we failed to cfeariy realise in what the change consisted. Then we uuderfrtood it whs a question of decoration. The contents of the cabin, for the most part, were the same, though they looked newer, and the positions of ibe various articles were altered. But the panels of tho cabin of the Water Lily were painted t lue and white. The panels of this cabin were coioured chocolate and gold. • "Eric, it's the Sylph!" Tho suggestion" conveyed by my wife's whispered words, even as she spoke,- occurred to me. I understood where, for IijuIm had lain the difficulty of recognition, i'ho two cabins were the same, and yet wore not. It was just as though someone bad endeavoured, without spending much cash, to tender one as much as possible uulikc the other. In this cabin there wtre many things which were not ours. In fact, x> tur "as I could nee, there was nothing which was ours. Strange articles of costume were scattered about. The table was covered with a curious litter, and on the ingenious article of furniture which did duty as a bed—and which stood where our bed stood, and which, iudeed, seemed to to our bod—there was something sleep*-' ing. As my sfartlcd eyre travelled round this amazing transformation scene, at last thev reached tho door. There they stayed. Mechanically I shrank bark nearer to" the wall. I felt tny wife tighten her grasp upon my hand. The door was open some few inches. Through the aperture thus formed there fecred -a man. He seemed to be listening, t was so 'still that ono oould hear the gentle breathing of tho woman sleeping in the bed. Apparently wtwficd. he opened the door'tuffi Gently vide to admit of hiR entering Ibc cabin. My inturc>sion was that he couid not fail to perceive us. Yet to all appearances he remained entirely unconscious of our neigh bourhood. He was a man certainly under five feet six in height Ho was slight in build, vciy dark, with face clean shaven. His face was long and narrow. In dress and bearing ho seemed a gentleman, yet there was that about him which immediately reminded mo of what Inglis bad said of the iam Bush, "he looked its though ho had something to do with horses." He stood for some seconds in an attitude of listening, so close to ino that I had only to stretch out toy h>nd to tako him by the throat. *1 did not do it. I don't know what restrained me. I think, more than anything, it was the feeling that these thiugs which were passing before me must bo passing in a dream, liis face was turned away from me. He looked intently towards the sleeping woman. After he had had enough of listening he moved towards the bed. Hi? step was soft and cat-like. It was absolutely noiseless. Glancing down, I perceived that ho was with out boots or 6hoes. He was in his stockinged foot. I had distinctly heard the tramp, tramping of a pair of shoes upon the cabiu roof. I had heard thom descend the steps. Possibly ho had paused outsido the door to take them off. When he reached the bed he stood looking down upon the sleepir. Hcstoo edovcr her, as if tho bettor to catch her breathing.' He whispered softly, "Gertyl" He paused for* a moment, as if for an answer. None came. Stauding up. he put his hand, as it seemed to rac. into the bosom of his flannel shirt. He took ont a leather sheath.' From the aheath he drew a knife. Ir was a long, slender, glittering blade. Quite twelve iiuuies in length, at no p:irt was it broader than my little finger. With the empty sheath lit his left haud, the knife be hind his back in the right, he ngaiu leaned over tho sleeper. Again he'softiy whispered, " Gcrty!" Again there wa« no answer. Again he st';od upright, turning his back towards the bed, so that be looked towards us. His face was not mi ugly one, though' tho expression was somewh:i t saturnine. On it at the inat* at there was a peculiar look—such a look an I could iaticy upon the face of a jockey who, toward tliecloso of a great mce, settles him self in tbo saddle with the determination to "finish " welL The naked blade he placed upon tho table, tho empty sheath beside it. Then he moved towards us. My first thought was that now. at last, we were discovered. But something in tho expression of his fea tures told ino that this was not so. Ho approached ns with an' indifference which was amazing. Ho passed so close to us that we were conscious of the slight dis.urbancc of the air caused by his passage. There was a Gladstone hag on a chair within two feet of us. Picking it up he bore it to tho table. Opening it out. he com menced to pack it. AH manner of things he placed within it, both mascnline and feminine belongings, even the garments which the sleeper had taken off. and which lay scattered on tho chair and on the floor, even her shoes and stockings I When the hag was filled he took a long brown ulst*»r which was thrown over the back of a chair. He stuffed the pockets with odds and cuds. When he had completed his operations the cabin was stripped of everything except tho actual furniture. He sail-fied himself that this was so by overhauling every nook and comer, in tho process passing and repassing Violet ana mo with a perfect uncdhccrn which was more and more am«z:rig. Being apparently uariast clear in his mind upon that point, he put on tho ulster and dark cloth cap, and began to fasten tho Gladstone beg. Y»Thile he was doing so, lna back being I turned to the bed, without tho slightest I warning the vrcrjnn in the J>ed Kit up. The I man's move meats had been less. Ho had made no which could bavo roused her. Possibly some sudden intuition had come to her in her sleep. Huwerer that mfght be, she nil at once trns wide awake. She stared round the apartment with wondering eyes. Her glance fell on tho man, dressed as for a journey. " Where are you going?" The words fell from her lips as unawares. I Then some sudden conception of hi* purpose seemed 10 have flown to bcr brain. She sprang out of bed with a bound. •* You shan't go!" ehc screamed. She rushed to him. He put his hand c the table. Ho turned to her. Something fla-bed in tho lamplight. It was the kuifc. As she came lie plunged it into her sido right to the hilt. For an instant he held her spitted on the blade. He put his hand to her throat. He thrust her from him. With the other hand he extricated tho blade. He let her fall upon tho floor. She had uttered a J sort of sigh as the weapon was beiug driven I home. Beyond tuat she had not made a sound. All was still. Ho remained for joine seconds, looking down at her as she lay.! Then ho turned away. Wc saw bis face.! It wan, if possible, paler than before. A smile distorted his lips. He stood for a moment as if listcuing. ' Then he glauced round the cabin, as if to make sure that be wag unobservtfl. His black eye? travelled over our startled features, in evident un conciousness that wo were there. Then ho glanced at tbo blade in his hand. As he did sn ho perceptibly shuddered. The glittering steel was obscured with blood. As ho per ceived that this was so, ho gasped. He seemed to realise for the first tirno what it was that he had done. Taking an envelope from an inner pocket of his ulster, ho began to wipe the blood from off the blade. While doing so, his wandering glance fell upon 'the woman lying upon the floor. Some now aspect of the recumbent figure seemed to j strike him with a sudden horror. Ho stag gered backwards. I thought he would hare fallen. He caught at the wall to help him stand—caught at the wall with the hand that bold the blade. At that part of the cabin the wall was doubly panelled halfway to tho roof. Between tho outer and the inner panel there was evidently a cavity, because, when in his sadden alarm he clutched at tho wall, the blade slipped from his relaxing grasp and fell between the panels. Such was his state of panic that he aid not appear to perceive what had happened. And at that moment a cry rang out upon the river—possibly it was some 0110 hailing the keeper of tho lock— 44 Ah-oy!" The sound seemed to fill him with unreason ing terror. He rushed to the table. Ho closed tho gladstoue with & harried snap. Ho caught it up; he turned to flee. As he did so, I atepped out of the aloove. I advanced right in front of him. I cannot say whether ho saw me, or whether he didn't. But he seemed to see me. He started back. A look of tho most awful terror came on his counten ance. And at tliat same instant the whole scene vanished. * I was standing rothc cabin of the Water Lily. The moon was stealing through tho little narrow casement. Violet was creeping to my side. She stole into my arms. I held licr to me. 44 Eric," »bo moaned. For myself I am not ashamed to own that, temporarily. I had lost the use of my tongue. I When, in a measure, the faculty of speech I returnol to me, " Was it a dream P" I whispered. 44 It was a vision." "A vision fr" I shuddered. 41 Look 1" As I spoke she turned to look. There, in the moonbeams, we saw a woman, in her nightdress, lying on the cabin floor. Wc saw that she had golden hair. It seemed to us that she was dead. We saw her but a moment—>he was gone. It must havo been imagination, wc know that these things arc not, but it belonged to that order of imagina tion which is stranger than reality. My wife looked up at mc. Frits is it a vision which has brcn Scut to I us in order that we may expose in the light J of dav a crime which was hidden in the night:-* I said nothing. I felt for a box of matches on the table. I lit a lamp. I looked round and round the cabin, holding the lamp above my head, the better to assist my seartdi. It was with a feeiimr of the most absurd relief that I perceived that everything unchanged, that, so far as I could see, there Wits no one thr-re but my wife and F. "I think, Violet, if you don't mind, I'll havo Eome whisky." She offered uo objection. She stood end watched mc as I poured the Muff into a glass. I am bouud to admit that the spirit did mo good. "And what," larked, "doyou make of the performauco we have just now wit ness ear" She was still. I took another! drink. There can be no coubt-that, under certain circumstances, whisky is a fluid wliich is not to be despised. 44 Have we both suddenly become insane, or do von attribute it to the cucumber we ate at lunchr" 44 How strange that Mr. Inglij* should hare told us the story only this afternoon." 441 wish Mr. IngUa had kept tho story to himself entirely." 44 They were the voices which I heard lust night. They were the voices Mason heard. It was all predestiued. I uudcrstand it now." 441 whh that I could say the same." 441 see it alll" She pressed her hands against her brow. Her eyes flatbed fire. •4Isce why it was 6ent to us, what it is we have to do. Eric, wc have to find the kuifc." I began to fear, from her frenzied manner, that her brain must in reality he softening. 44 What knife?" 44 The knife which he dropped between tho panels. The boat has only been repainted. Wc know that in all essentials the Sylph and the Water Lily are one and the same. Mr. Inglis said that the weapon which did the deed was uover zoucd. No adequate search was ever xnude. It is waiting for us where he dropped it." ; 44 ily dear Violet, don't you think you hod better have a little whisky £ It wiil calm "Have you a hammer and a chi-el ?" 44 What do you want them for 5" 44 It was here that he was standing, it wae rc that he dropped the kuifo." She had ten up her pus tion a-rainst the wall at the >t of the bed. Frankly, I did not like fur inuer at nil. It was certainly where, in the tor portion of that nightmare, the fellow d been standing. 4* I will wrench this nel Sway." bherapp-dagninsta particular uel with her knuckles. 44 Behind it we ill fiud the knife." 44 My dear Violet, this houseboat isn't no. We caunot destroy auolher man's jperty in that wanton fashion. He will rdly accept as an adequate excuse the fact at ut tho time we were suffering from a rerc attack ot indigestion." "This will do." Sho took a large carving knife out of the ifebosket which was on the shelf clo.<& by r. She thrust tho blade between the panel d the woodwork. It could scarcely hare en securely fastened. In a surprisingly urt spoce of timo she had forced it loose, ten* grasping it with both her hands, she uled the paucl bodily away. 41 Erie, it is there !" Something was there, resting on a little 2gc which had checked its fall on to tho or beneath—something which was covered th paint, and. dust, and cobweb^ and olot all at once grew timid. 44 You take it; I dura .not touch the thiug." 44 It is very curious; something is there, d, by George, it is a kuifo 1" It was a kuifc—the knife which wc liRd soon iu the vb.iou, the dream, ilie nightmare, call it wlmt vou will—tlio something which had seemed so real. There was no mistaking it, tarnished though it was—the long, slender blade which wo had seen the man draw from tho leather sheath. Stuck to it by what was afterwards shown to be coagulated blood was —an envelope, the envelope which wo bad seen tho fellow tako from his pocket to wipe off tho crimson stain. It had adhered to tho blade. When the knife foil the envelope fell too. "At least," 1 murmured as I stared at this grim relic, " this is a singular coincidence.'' Tho blood upon the blade had dried. It required but little to cause the envelope to fall away. As a matter of fact, wliile I was still holding the weapon in my hand it fell to the flour. I picked it up. It was addressed in a woman's hand, " Francis Joynes, Esq., Fairloigb. Streatliam." I at once recognised the namo as that of a 1 well known owner of racehorses and so-called ] "gentleman ri^- " Not the least singular part of all that singular story was that the letter inside that envelope, which was afterwards opened and read by thd proper authorities, was from Mr. 'Joynes'fi wife. It was a loving tender letter, from a wife who was an invalid abroad to a husband whom she supposed was thinking of her at home. Mr.' Joynes was never arrested, and that for this sufficient reason; that when tho ; agents of the law arrived at his residence Mr. Joynes was dead. He had committed suicide on the very night which wc saw that—call it vision—on board the Water Lily. I viewed the corpse against my will. I was not called in evidence. Had I been, I was prepared to swear, as was my wife, that Mr. Joyces was the man -whom I had sceu in a dream that nigut. It was shown at the inquest that he had suffered of late from horrid dreams—that he bad scarcely dared to sleep. I wonder if, in that last and most awfnl of bis dreams, he had 6ecu my face— seen it as I saw his i5 It was afterwards shown, from inquire which were made, that Mr. Joynes and " Mr. Budi." tenant of the Sylph,* were, beyond all doubt, one and the same person. On the similar circumstances which caused that dis covery to be made 1 offer no comment. Looking back, I confess that the whole story seems to be,intr«*Qible. And in this opinion, possibly, others will agree. There are people —I know it as an actual fact—in whom tho organ of incredulity is abnormally developed. I say I know this, because of such people—-I atu ona. ~~ [the end } Tovsy tuevy Country.—If we want to find a country (s?iys "Tit-bits) where nature has turned things* topsy-turvy —that is, according td oar notion —we must fro to Australia. Many things arc revereed in that country. It is summer there while'it is winter in Great: firhain. Trees shed their bark instead of; their leaves: fruit has the stone or kernel outrid*; swans are black; there is a specie^ of fly'tbat kiilsand cats the* spider; and a fish, called the climbing piix-h, that walks deliterately out of the water, and, with, the aid of its fins, climbs the adjucent'treea after the insects that infest thetn. Most of the birds have- no song, and the flowers no odour. Hospitals fob Sick A niuals.—There are no persons in the world who arc more tender to. domestic animals than the Buddhists. For centuries the Hindoos huve taken tho utmost ciue of nil tho animals that ever canio into their possession, and to-duy the v'sitor to India mar see many hospitals and a>yluras in which sicl: and aged ouitnals are carefully tended. The largest of these homes is at Sodepur, near Gdcutta, where at present there are 920 inmates— namely, 129 oven, 3t)7 cows, 171 calves, 72 horses, CO sheep, 15 goats, Ml dove.s, 4 hen?:, 4 cats, 3 monkeys, anil o dogs. The cowsarc treated the best of all, for the reason that they arc regarded in India as sacred animals. 1'ahji WoaxtD sy ELtcraicrTY.—One of the most wouder/ul farms in tha world is situated in Cunadu. Iu* peculiarity lies in the fact that everything i* worked by electricity. Two waterfalls within the bounds of the farm, some CO foet and 160 feet high, furnish tiro motive power, a central powcr-liowse being erected near, and the current is iransmitted by wires to every available place on the farm. The chums and other necessary implements have electric motor attachments. A motor of 10-horsepowcr works a mowing machine, and another works a log saw, while the bom*, bams, and grounds of the faim arc illuminated br the electric light. Earthquake-proof Buildings.—The only buildings tu the world which arc earthquake proof are tho Japanese pagodas., There aro many which are 700 or b'JO years old, and as solid us when first built. Tho reason lies in their construction. A pagoda is practically a framework of heavy timbers, which starts from a wide baso and is in itaclf a sub stantial structure, but is rendered still more stable by a peculiar device. ' Iosido tho framework and suspended from tho apex is a Ion", heavy beam of timber 2 feet thick or more. This hanga from oue end of tho four nides, fouriuoro heavy timbers, and if the pagoda be very lofty, still more timbers are added to these. The whole forms an enor mous pendulum, which reaches within G inohes of the ground. When the shock of an earthquake rocks the pagoda the pendulum swings in unison, and keeps tho centre of gravity always at tho base of tho framework. Consequently the equilibrium of the pagoda is never disturbed. - - ~ » 