GLEANINGS. It is now decided that Her Majesty will visit tlit? Italian instead of the French liivioiu this winter. The Ftench have been carrying their dislike of its so very far lately that, though it may be only the gut ter-journalists who are answerable for | the worst article's that appear in the papers, it is undoubtedly wise for the Queen to keep away from all chances of annoyance as niueli as possible, and to give French soil a wide berth for the present. Bordighera, where the Queen is going, is a very peace ful place, and it is thought that rest will lie particularly needful for her, as she so deeply feels the anxiety of the war. During the warm days the temptation al ways is to drink more liquid than is good for us. A good way to obviate this, and at the same time to slake the thirst fully, is to take water, lemonade, or iced tea through a small glass tube-the smaller the better.1 JJy this method the liquid seems to. reach the palate more directly, and cer tainly quenches the thirst with half the quantity taken after the ordinary manner. You may test this to your satisfaction by using and dispensing with a tube on alter nate days. A number of persons of our ac quaintance who have been in the habi(. of drinking so much water in summer as to l-ender .themselves uncomfortable, have tried the lube, and been surprised at the reduecd quantity needed, pad at the increas ed satisfaction thua gained. An old fasfe ioned "straw" will answer the purpose well enough.' ? f , ( . . . . Deformity of Jiuibk m children may* be either hereditary or acquired, .aftd.tlie treat ment of the former, though often succegg-' ful, usually involves much greater difficulty than. in the case' of children whose bailments in this respect 3iav£ resulted-front careless nursing .or. the jperprtuaition ,o£ .habits.; A? common deformity ;Ls,;tl}ai. known Jas "knock-knee," which liiay Vbe^ ppeadily, eurfcd as. follows:-4Jpon retiring to. rest at riiglit' (or, if in the arms, the remedy, may be con tinued during the day), tie the ancles, to gether, 'keeping the legs extendelT'as much - 1 as possible, and place a book-a "thin one afc firsfc, ""and- increasing., ill thickness-be- I twoen the knees, until the latter have at-. ' tained- their- proper distance- Apart, which in ordinary cases will not occupy more than six or eight weeks at the longest. This re medy it is alleged, has proved equally effecj tive iii the cases ot. adults. In "bowleg," an exactly opposite coarse must be adopted, viz., ccnitractiou at the knees and expansion at the ancles. The 'Queen of Portugal, having begun the study of medicine as a "hobby," has taken her degree of 31.1)., and is now the chief physician of her consort, herself, and her children. The Queen,'in her long life, lias travelled 'very little abroad.' She has never been in Russia, Denmark, Austria, Sweden, Nor way, Spain, or Greece. She has never, yefc set eyes 011 any of her colonies, nor upon any part of Asia, Africa, or America. Au old Irish woman was propobly respon sible for the uaming of the Duke of Coil naught. When the Queen was a young married woman she paid.a visit to the Em erald Island, and on one occasion au old woman among the crowd who came to see Her .Majesty called out to iier: "Call your next son Patrick, and ould Oireland will die for ye!-' And the Queen named her next son Arthur Patrick as a compliment to the Irish. The latest fashionable craze for white, both in season and out of season, is uot at its happiest when applied to bridesmaid's frocks. The bride and her maidens (says a writer on fashions) now look like a flock of silent ghosts, or a flock of pigeons as they walk up the aisle of some dim old parish church, and for one moment, one is perfectly bewildered with them, taking them for brides all going to uudergo. the. ordeal" of marriage at the same'moment. Jt is most fashionably correct, no doubt, of the bride it<> have her maidens, so attired, but very ill-advised, as she and her satin train and lace would look far'more notice able and' charming' were they in some colour that, by contrast, made her utter whiteness the more delightful. Among tiie games and custoines which seem to lie rapidly reviving, archery stands almost first. It is a game, of course, that, like golf, tennis, and bill lards, needs'a great deal of practice, but it is also conductive to grace, and develops tne figure magnifi cently. One of the mosr, popular clubs is adjoining Ktw Gardens, and Kanelagh and llurimgham {.'Jabs also give facilities for the game. Now that so many gills snoot, archery is use-fill as well as interesting, as it gives a steady hand and a true eye. "Wth summer now fairly in the ascendant it is interesting to note what the 'chairman of the Victorian Board of Health thinks of some of the conditions, that effect the hy giene of everyday life. "Dr. Gresswell Jias expressed thi general opinion that "moder ation ill all thinjrs" was desirable for every one who wished to conduct a successful campaign against the then weather conditions. As a beverage for the hot'Wea ther Dr. Gresswell recommends a light wine; anything with too much alcohol should be tabooed. He also gives the home ly bivt decidedly prae.ie.il advice that flannel should be worn next to the skin. Another matter which Dr. Gre>.swell gave informa tion was that of the treatment of sunstroke. With a recurrence of the hot weather this is likely to have a very practical bearing on the treatment of patients. Dr. Gresswell points out inat a sufi'eiei should be remov ed as quickly as possible TO a cool place, and that ice should be applied to the neck or spine, W both. The cooling shock will have a beneficial effect. On 110 account; should alcohol be given in any shape or form. ^ A11 entirely original means of livelihood has been devised by a company of ladies who have hit upon the idea of starting a sanatorium for those of their sex whose .hair is falling oil' or turning grey. The process of restoring strength to enfeebled tresses is carried out in the seclusion of :i charming country house, where the in mates give the nc'i-.-ssaiy time to the strengthening and dyeing methods neces sary. 