CAULFIELD CUP CONTIN- GENCIES. AS FORESHADOWED AT RAND- WICK. (By "Enn Dee.") Years ago, exactly how many I scarce- ly care to remember, it makes one feel so very ancient-at all events, long before tho Caulfield Cup (first annexed by Mr. T. Chirnside's Newminster, with Tom Hales 8.10 up, in 1879) was usher- ed into existence - the four days meeting of the Australian- Jockey Club - at Randwick, in September in general, and the Great Metropolitan Stakes in particular, was anxiously look- ed forward to as likely to throw some sort of light on Melbourne Cup possibil- ities a couple of mouths afterwards. lu those days, and, in fact, right away down till 1892, the Great Metropolitan Stakes was contested over two miles of ground, and the conditions of it and the Melbourne Cup being so nearly akin, it was small cause for wonderment that an absorbing interest was manifested by Victorian owners and trainers in thc de- cision of such a " preliminary gallop," so to speak. Sydney Tim Whinier, in 1867, was the only animal to secure the double -Metropolitan Stakes aud Melbourne Cup-in succession ; but for all that, the prominent parts played by Warrior, Tho Pearl, and The Quack, amongst others, in the two mile event at Randwick, were quite sufficient to cause students of racing form to keep them iu remem- brance as likely factors at Flemington on the first Tuesday in November. " Honest John Tait " evidently looked upon the Metropolitan Stakes as a kind ol full dress rehearsal for the more valuable Melbourne Cup ; as in 1871 we find The Pearl (who subsequently carried off the Melbourne Cup) finishing second to Rosebud in the Metrop., while the following year The Quack, who after- wards silenced the pretensions of The Ace and Dagworth to the Melbourne Cup of 1872, finished iu third place (behind Dagworth and Clansman) m the Rand- wick event. Prior to that, it was on the strength of Warrior being next in order to Circassian aud Grey Mourns in the Great Metropolitan Stakes of 18G9 that Mr. Austin Saqui-one of the " le- viathans" of the Australian ring in those times-purchased the sturdy son of New Warrior, and landed an immense stake when Joe Morrison brought the brown gelding first past the post in the Mel- bourne Cup by a couple of lengths from The Monk, Phoebe, and three and twenty others. Etienne De Mestre, on the contrary, seemed to bo im- bued with an idea that it was per- fectly possible to prepare a horse to win both events - Metropolitan and Mel- bourne Cup, the exploit of Tim Whiffler in 1867 no doubt fixing him firmer in such faith. One year-1872-Mr. De Mestre actually attempted the feat of carrying off a triple handicap crown-the Hawkesbury Spring Handicap, the Great Metropolitan Stakes, and the Melbourne Cup, with the self-same hor&e-to; wit, Dagworth. The "Kings of the Ring" were bold bettors thirty years ago, and so Etty De Mestre was enabled to get a large " fancy " wager on at a very long price. Dagworth wou the Hawkesbury Handicap and the Metrop., and certainly looked the choicest of choice goods for the Melbourne Cup, with only 7.12 on his four-year-old back. He could not finish closer than third, however, and so, next year. Mr. Do Mestre decided to have another cut in at the 6aine treble, only he determined to change his tactics, and to substitute two horses for one. He selected Dagworth for the Hawkesbury Handicap again, but deputed a bay four year-old named Horatio to attempt the Metrop. and Melbourne Cup coup. Dag- worth scooped once more, whilst Horatio won the Metrop., and was in the Mel- bourne Cup at 7.13, so that Joe Thomp- son and the knights of the metallic pen- cil were in sore distress until Mr. James Wilson, the founder of St. Albans, un- earthed on unknown quantity yclept Don Juan for them, and got them out of all their tribulation. Don Juan was a mys- terious animal-a most mysterions ani- mal. He appeared on the scene mys- teriously, and after accomplishing the only thing that prevented the vast ma- jority of the bookmakers of that period becoming veritable " Wandering' Jews," he disappeared just as mysteriously. He was credited with being a son of Lucifer and Levity, and there is no doubt in my mind as to his being intimately connected with the Prince of Darkness right enough, as "naught but the " devil's luck" could have saved the Ring from complete annihilation. This second rebuff appar- ently convinced Mr. De Mestre that the risk was too great to be successfully un- dertaken, whilst at the same time the "nasty spasms" the bookmakers experi- enced until Horatio split his hoof (round by the abattoirs) in the race for the Mel boufne Cup-in which he ran third, im- mediately behind his stable companion, Dagworth, who appeared on the scene as soon as his rider became aware of Hor- atio's disability-effectually 'precluded the fielders from laying " fancy wagers " for big amounts afterwards. On the first blush all this rreamble doesn't appear to have any material bearing on "Caulfield Cup Contingen- cies ; " and yet "appearances" in this con- nection are likely to be most deceiving. Nowadays the Metropolitan Stakes is contested for over a mile and a half of ground; and consequently the event more closely approximates ike Caulfield Cup than the Melbourne Cup. Then, again, I incline muchly to the opinion that several of the New South Wales trainers are following in the footprints of the "honest John Tait" before men- tioned with respect to utilising the Met- ropolitan Stakes as a kind of "prepara- tion" for the great mile and a half event on the classic heath of Caulfield. Others, again, may have loft the "object lesson" of the Metropolitan severely alone, and pursued their devious ways in weight-for- age and other races in preference. But still possibly with identicallv the eami object in view, mark vou that! Taking the Caulfield Cup list dowi seriatim, and dealing only with those ani mais who disported themselves at Rand wick during the recent Spring reunioi there, the first to claim attention is ou: erstwhile West Australian identity Tar quin, with 9.8. This entire son of Neck ersgat and Tarpeia is now six years old but as he has never been knocked aboui nor called upon to over-exert himself, h< is, or rather was, when last I saw him as sound as the proverbial bell. Once upon a time some presumably good jud' ges formed an opinion that Tarquin albeit a phenominally fast sprinter was no stayer. Personally I always en- tertained a different idea, and his per- formance in the late Metropolitan Stakes (in which he was running right over Re- viver towards the finis«, and actually headed the winner 50 yards past the post) only served to act as " confirmation strong," so far as yours truly is concer- ned. Tarouin started four times during the meeting, finishing second on two occasions-in the Metropolitan and ir the Randwick Plate (2J miles) respec- tively, and being the same number oi times minus even a position. His party backed him for the Metrop. ; whether they did for any other event I am mainly ignorant, and prefer to romain so. As I told you before, in my opinion the right-handed style of going effectually " coopered" his chance. At Caulfield he will, if he runs, be travelling the same way he has always been accustomed to. He" has certainly to carry 21b. more than hß'did in the Metrop., but 21b. to a horse of his calibre is neither here nor there. I fancy his trainer, Ernie McKeon, pre- fers the two miles of the Melbourne Cup to the half-milo shorter at Caulfield. Nevertheless, fit and well on the day and with an uninterrupted passage, they would have to cut a good deal off 2.86 to down him. The Chief, 9.5, ran nowhere in the Spring Stakes, won by Paul Pry. and finished tiuru^oehind * aul Pry and Mora) in the Craven Plate, the mile and a ouartor of which was "ambled" over by Vr Rupert Clarke's champion in 2min. Sjsec. Mr. W. Forrester informed me that The Chief has been suffering for many months from influenza, and that he was still far from being himself, though he was, to quote the words af the veteran New South Wales sportT;.T, " coming on like a house on fire." The Chief is likely to display bis very best form at Flemington. Dandy,9.0, is a bit of an enigma. I don't think there is a horse in the land can pace with him nine furlongs, and he finishes up at that distance as if a few more furlongs would not be outside hi* compass. As I informed you previously, ho is true to name, being a regular " dandy" on occasions, but only on occa- sions. On other occasions---notably ti e Wycombe Stakes-the A.J.O. stewards acted very "courteously," uot to say " kindly," with respect to ins icarvrord position throughout the "contest"(f) Mora, 8.12, started twice during the four days, and finished in a plac¿ on each occasion. She didn't set the Parramatta on fire, certainly ; but then I don't know that Mr. E. H. Knight had any inten- tion of setting her such a task. The aged daughter of Malua and White Star acquitted herself most creditably, all the same for that -} and if she should happen to catch the judge's eye first on Satur- day week a goodly number of shekels of gold will be subsequently despatched across the Murray into New South Wales territory. They "missed the 'bus" with Mademoiselle Mora last year, but they might experience a bit better luck this. Vocalist, 8.9,1 look on as the very best handicap horse in Australia. You know, that's at the weights he's at present re- ceiving. This five-year-old unsexed son of Gozo and the Goldsborough mare Car- men is not a very far remove from acham pion, take my tip for it. I was strolling through the saddling-paddock at Rand- wick when Sydney Tattersalls' were hold- ing their August meeting there, when who should I drop across but "Billy" Monie, the great wing man of the Carl- ton first twenty in the seventies. It was just before the Hampden Stakes came on for decision, and although Dandy was an odds on favourite therefore at'the time, acting under Monte's instructions, I had to have a trifle on Vocalist, " just on the off chance." Dandy won-nine furlongs in 1.574 '. but our 100 to 4 chance was nearest to him at the finish. He ran two " nowheres" at Randwick during the A.J.C. meeting, but is certain *to be "somewhere" or other during the Caul- field and Flemington campaigns. If Dick Wootton has got anything better in than Vocalist in the Caulfield Cup (and I have received several pigs' whis Scrs that Horace is likely to prove a aisy-cutter when wanted), then Dick Wootton is likely to shake Jack iieek (Ingliston), Ike Foulsham (Sagacity), and the rest of the Caulfield contingent up a little. Tarquin made a phenomenal run up the straight in the Metropolitan Stakes ; but the more I sit down and cogitate over matters in connection with the finish of that event, the farther I get forward on the road which leadeth to- wards conviction that Cyanide's run must have been equally as phenomenal. In fact, I don't know that it wasn't even more so. Tarquin was visible - 'way back in the ruck, certainly, but still dis I cernióle-as they swept down towards ' the entrance to the straight : but Cya- nide was nowhere to be descried. All up the straight, too, Tarquin was very much in evidence, with his three strides to Reviver's two ; but it was only at the eleventh hour-in tho last furlong-that the six-year-old daughter of Metal and Aspasia put in an appearance at all. She must have been fearfully hampered along the home stretch, as it was only by a swerving run to the outside that she ma- naged to clear herself at all. And, kind- ly bear it in memory, she finished within a head of Tarquin when it was all over. Certes she has to meet hinton 41b. worse terms in the Caulfield Cup j bnt that doesn't make the consistent Cyanide any the less a very likely factor for tha event. Prince Carbine, 8.2, the same weigh he carried in the Metrop.. wa6 a stroni street corner tip, therefore, just after arrived in Sydney; but afterwards h faded away from tipsterial grace some how or other, and on the day you couh have written your own ticket about him At one period of the race he was "abso lutely," and as he only started one during the meeting, and is in the sann stable as Mora, there should be no neces sity to deal with him seriously so far a the Caulfield Cup is concerned. Som' day or other, however, I may hare a ver' different tale to tell, as the aged Carbini -Taihoa horse ttill exhibits flashes o: brilliancy. War God incurred a 71b. penal ty bringing his impost up to 8.6, througl winning the Waverley Handicap, of £ mile and three-quarters. He had 7.Í up, and traversed the distance in 3min 3|sec. The course proper at Randwicl was extremely fast on each of the foui days, so that too much reliance must no) be placed on tho item of time. He finished some lengths in advance of Alix who had 7.7 in the saddle 71b. more thai! she has been apportioned in the Caulfield Cup, and 101b. more than she had in thc Metropolitan. Of course, anything ii Sossible in a race like the Caulfield Cup ; ut to judge from their peregrinations at Randwick, mares like Alix and Hi Hi are simply outclassed in such an event, and even record-making Fairy Prince will have to display a marked improve- ment on his most recent form to possess the ghost of a show. "Bobby" Lewis was up on him in the Waverley Handicap, so that it looked awfully like as if he was after it. And yet, with 01b. less than his Caulfield Cup impost, he ran disap- pointingly. "Ike" Foulsham's pair. Lancastej and Sagacity, like "Jim" Scobie's charges, Malster and Paul Pry. did the "veni, vidi, viet" business-that is to say, they came, saw, and conquered. Only i'oul sham was content with a single victory to each, while Scobie ensured the Baro- net who patronises him no less than six races out of the twenty-four to the credit of Paul Pry and Ranfurly. There was no fluke about the successes of Lancaster and Sagacity, and yet, do you know, I wasn't at all enamoured with Sagacity's performance. If you ask me what I did to pick a flaw about, I'm "jiggered" if I can tell you : and yet I wasn t impressed with it. He won the Spring Maiden Stakes like a tradesman ; still, such is the perversity of human nature, I will not stand him for the Caulfield Cup, though why I won't I can't for the life of me explain. I suppose it's the same "I do not like thee, Dr. Fell" feeling over again. Anyhow, if Sagacity wins the Caulfield Cup I will begin to arrive at the conclusion that the old man with the scythe is approaching within measurable distance. And I write this having the most unbounded faith in "Ike" Foul sham's skill and judgment. The Haut Brion-Alga filly. Hautesse, is as nice as a sweet poem. She moves along with the poetry of motion. Her only exhibition was in the Derby, where she finished third to Malster and Haut- boy, and according to the way I viewed the race W. Delaney, who bestrode her, did not call upon her for any supreme ex- ertion. Doubtless, he perceived the ex- treme difficulty of coping against such a pair of three-year-old equine giants as the Barley and Meridian colts, for at one portion of the journey I observed Hau tesse moving jauntily along, and seem- ingly holding her own without much ap- parent effort. That's how the thine pre- sented itself to me. I do not think she did, though. Hautesse has 7.8 in the Caulfield Cup, the same weight that Waterfall "squelched" the rest of the field with in 1895. Certainly Waterfall was a colt ; but then he had nothing like the two-year-old and three-year-old cre- dentials of Hautesse prior to doing Humphrey Oxenham and Count Abra- hams such a healthy turn. Rare good judges of racing strains of blood must the early studmasters in New South Wales, South Australia, and Vic- toria have been, as time and again we find rising top-notchers tracing back to the same old stock. Amongst the best of the imported mares the daughter of Blinkhoolie and Adrastia (by St. Alban's) -Algeria by name-takes high rank, many of her progeny having displayed truly marvellous pace as well as no little staying ability. My. dear old friend, Mr. S. G. Cook, was always a firm believer in the excellence of Algeria's stock, and won several good races with Algerian years ago. Mated with Hawthornden, Algeria produced a filly named Algerine, and she in turn pledged a bay colt, Bar- barossa, to the New Zealand celebrity Medallion. Barbarossa started four times during the late A.J.C. meeting, finishing third to Lancaster and San Fran in the Trial Stakes, nowhere in the Metropolitan, second to Paul Pry in the Wycombe Stakes, and third to Paul Pry and Tarquin in the Randwick Plate. His second in the Wycombe Stakes (ll furlongs in 2min. 22Jsec.) was a merito- rious performance ; but it was his Rand- wick Plate "flutter" that fetched me. Barbarossa had two "flutters" during that event-one each time he entered the home stretch, and on each occasion he unfortunately fluttered to the other side of the course. Had he not done so on tho second occasion Paul Pry would undoubtedly have experienced his Water- loo, as the Derby colt had a big break on him at the time, and was going along full of running with the ease of well-oiled machinery. I predict, and predict with the greatest confidence, a brilliant carreer for Barbarossa. Per- chance the Caulfield Cup may be his mission. Should it be so, it is weil within his Powers with 7.2. albeit for my own part I should prefer his Melbourne Cup prospect with 61b. less. He is a colt one must always have on his side though whenever he starts-even the great clas- sic three-year-old event of the year it- self. Mr. Barney Allen ana his friends won a pot of money over Ampier when they thought he was dead to the world so far i as possessing a winning chance in the Epsom Hamacan, was concerned, and then went down over him for the ¡Shorts afterwards*. He has incurred a 141b. penalty for the Caulfield Cup, making his weight 8st. His hollow victory in the mile dash when presumably off colour stamped th© Far Niente-Electric Light five-year-old gelding as a remarkably "spry" animal under a moderate impost, and I Fhould not be at all surprised to discover that his tether extended an- other half mile, or even further. He doesn't look like a stayer ; but then they run in all shapes and after Plausible's position in the Melbourne Cup of 1884 the stuffing was knocked out of the "confor- mation " racket so far as I was personally concerned. Plausible certainly pre- sented the most "ordinary" appearance of any racehorse ever I clapped eyes on ; and vet , all the accredited "wise men" of the Flemington training track to the contrary notwithstanding, his trainer Mr. F. F. Dakin was perfectly correct, the son of Vagabond and Plaudit was a good horse and sound two-miler. His- tory has a most peculiar habit of re- peating itself in these connections, and therefore it may be just as well to sus- pend judgment re Ampier till later on. Mr. W. H. Mate's Schimmel (by Gos- soon-Vestatia) has not succeeded in gaining a position even as yet ; but his owner is nothing if not patient. More- over he is just about as cute as they make them, and perhaps it is not alto- gether unworthy of note that Schimmel did not take part in any handicap event during the meeting. Castine my mind back over the late Spring Meeting of the Australian Joc- key Club, and cogitating over the various performances. I look upon Tarquin, Mora and Barbarossa as the pick of the late Randwick contingent everything being equal, in, so far as the Caulfield Cup is concerned ; and of this triumvir- ate commend me specially to Tarquin. 