A LETTER FSOH BULAWAYO. received The followlng'is from Mr an J. extract Le Boenf, from a a nati lette for]paat of Richmond, 12 months and resident :— in Bulawayo " At the time of writing " Jan. we 4, are 1900. cally cat off from the outer world, pract Bulawayo la feeling the effects of the an struggle been plunged. into which As you all South know, Africa our only ha from means Capetown, of getting and supplies since the was war by starte rail lites fat October for many the mleB Boers between practically here hold KImberley; nearly all the bridges and and porarily culverts repair are destroyed, them will and take to a only long tern* How we are going to get along In time meantime is the question of the hour. th is a far cry to Beira, and many miles I travel Our letters by wagons, come and a most go costly by that jonrney and God knows how thankful we are route there is a way open for ub to get new th censorship^ from home of and the papers. Press, South Owing African to the those papers you tell send us very little, and we devou us—Age, Argus, and Guardian. n of Customs Had It not duties, been which for the came Introduction last August, of which the commercial into forc -hastened men of this to lay town .in a had supply. due of notice, all,food and stuffs we would to avoid be Jiving, paying iike the the extra, Matabele, duties Kaffir corn and mealie. Here Is a list prices at present time of writing, and on o cannot'count Bread, 21bs, Is on 3d; an hour meat at (lowest), same rate 2s :— lb; sugar, 2s per lb; potatoes, 2s 3d' pe pe tins, lb ; eggs, 7s per 6s lb; to 9s condensed per dozen; milk, butter 3s tin in jam, gallon; lib tin, 3s 6d; kerosene, lis 6d candleB, 3a per boxj onions, 3s 6d '4s packetmatches, is not the worst that we per have: lb. to And -conten th with, Is scattering for rumor throughout with its Matabeleland myriad .tongue llsiug startling effect tales on that the .natives, have a most who demora- influenced, and those brainless idiots are easi formulate these lies will be the means wh Bulawayo creating a has panic, a white and population then where of are 3,000 we arms. not more We than have 1,800 enrolled capable 900 volunteers of bearing all town gone guard to of the 350 borders, and we have here. men are under Colonel Baden-Powell, Some of our and been Plumerhas left to its own the resources. reat. Rhodesia W$ are has dent an isolated on ourselves. position, But and when wholly the history depen- of weH this In war the is front. written I think Rhodeaians the defence will b Mafeking is an object leBHon to everyon o engaged Baden-Fowell in lighting has shown the Boers. his way Colonel ing with the enemy, keeping under of cove dea during cease he their starts shelling, and gives and no when rest, -they night.br day, using the bayonet freely. be i There were lively times here, when calling for volunteers, the authorities thought as they after had enrolment have them all mounted, and' some bette men knew as of ou jnuchof.a horse as a pig doBB eager of to its learnanything grandmother. Still, they were and, every and when they -were being taught' thing, menced mounted ' infantry The horsea drill would the fun be com- careering over the veldt, and madly would-be riders in- all positions on their ^ground, and wondering what fhad happened the in how Ito^hem. short; a time v-Sffolj' all were <II^M;twonderfp Btate of discipline/ It was in real a thoroug work, but the men rwete willing. Each hard, company on. Theyelect are numbered their own officers, A, B, C, and and som s elected life. It knowabsolutelynofchlng it> -awfully funny listening of military some of the orders given. One at targe t o yards practice At gave six shots." theorder—"Men, Another gave fire4 order to march in a certain direction; an he went, at the hfead^as he ihonght,,o o his he men, looked and back |rhen and about found 1200 his^ orderly ya for only all at they, ids. rear, were and worth the a men quarter doubling mile away.' Didn'the swear 1 Another of a officer to eat was and sure drlnki his aadb menhad-not gave» outwhathe sufficien thought' was the* fair thing. At end. of week he had -exceeded 'hlB and expected tbp Chartered allowance Com by pany pay the to extra fool the himself, bill, but so the found soldier* he had no more luxuries from thelrgood-hearted ha captain.' when we T meet. will tell .This you Is some just to .real give, titbits an idea of our Interests at present in yo Balawayo—Cecil Rhodes's country," are Lecturer—"The very Irad, sir." acoustics of your hall rlghti Proprietor—" It was the No, uoap air. factory They're you smelt. all photographs CaUer—" I've you took come of to us tell the you other thatth are not stall satisfactory. Why, my da husband looks'Hke an ape. 4, t Photographer — '' Well, madame, „ you m should had htm have taken." thought of that before yon prisoner Corporal— -fox I have.jnst made a man a 15 about you/ air. using -He said offensive you wasn't'fit language throw the InBide of a cow to a bear. to , Captain—" Well, what did you say ' 1 & Corporal—*' 1 saidybu was, sir." 2" for Some the Cape, Army were Reserve Entertained men,beforeleavlng well supper by their fellow-workers at. a, in fe Dundee. an " appropriate Now, boys/' speech, said,the " treat chairman, what is after the table as you would the Boers," on servists As the was feast observed' ended one • stowing of the away Re- bottte " What's of whiskey thatye're In his pocket. shouted the chairman, good-humouredly. daeln% Tarn ?-' orders ••Oh," 1 replied Ye telt Tarn,"I'm us to treat the only supper obeyin we would the Boers, and, ye ken, wha a we dlnna kill we tak' prisoners." ~ late r Doetor—"The rest; I will prescribe patient requires something abso- will deaden his nerves^ in fact, rende tha him partially senseless.' Relative—" Why don't 1 you send him your bill enquired «©oes* a the mild-mannered weather,agree traveller with you companion in a railway carriage. of his pened to bea answered weather the prophet; other, who "nearly hap ever^ do It assumes time l .announce ^attltude^ what pf rigid it ought and un to ^ou ^ f< I^c^tieBj^r<e,fEtehl&e; down, ghosts—whe they don't plneB^,^ always a mempry or m 