Victoria. A R C H D I O C E S E O P MEMSFTPI PAST DATS. Next Wednesday, Friday aril -SatjirdfJyS being Ember Days, will be days abstinence. THE CATHEDRAL. v ^ The members of St. Patrick's Cathei choir held their annual pienic picnic on Queen's ^ Birthday Four drags weSTTngaged to con- w ver the Party (numbering seventy) ^ h Zumaris, where the local hall had been S engaged for the day and evening. Early in M thefey the numbers were added to by the l Irrival of His Grace the Awhbishop^Archpriest McKenna, Dean Phelan, Fr. Murphy and Fr. Martin. The whole festmties were H a continual round of pleasirS, and everyone b voted the outing one of the most enjoyable C yet held. a Last Sunday afternoon there was a parade of the Catholic contingent of the military forces at St. Patrick's Cathedral in connection with the relief of Mafeking. The troops were in command of Captain McShane. His Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne was present for a short time, and subsequently left for St. Mary's, West Melbourne. The Right Rev. Mgr. O'Hea, Very Rev. Dean Phelan, and other members of the Cathedral staff assisted in the sanctuary. Government house was represented by Lady and Miss Madden, Lord Richard Neville and Colonel Campbell. There was a very large congregation. The rosary having been recited for those who had fallen in the South African war, the Very Rev. Dean Phelan delivered the occasional discourse, taking for his text these words of Ecclesiastieus: "Let us praise men of renown. Let the people show forth their wisdom and the Church declare their praise." C THK MONTH OF MARY. h last Sunday night there was a procession of-the Children of Mary at the Cathedral and many of the minor churches of the City Z lit 3bfiEoTof?h Month of Ma y, H beS the l^ Sun^ dedi- f cated toJhe special honour of Our Lady. MONTH OF THE SACKED HEART. During'the 0 — present r-—-- month —-j--- of _ June, _ , de , votion to the Sacred Heart of Our Lord tiora is specially encouraged and indulgenced by the Church. There are two fMsta during the month having more or less direct bearing on this devotlon, viz., that of Corpus eimBti, 14th, and the feast of the Sacred Heart, 22nd June. The former; feast used to be a holiday of obligation, but at •the instance of the iast Australasian Plenary Council the Holy See reduced it to a day of devotion. The obhgation has also been taken from the feast of SS. Peter and Paul, 2&th; Jime. WHITSOTJTIDB. _ On to-morrow (Sunday), the ie great festival v of Pentecost "" will " be oeleorated. • jed. As * . is customaw on greErter festivaisof the ecolesiastical year His Grace tb«f Archbishop of Melbourne will at the High .Mass solemnly 5mpa imnin w f iiue he Papal Benediction of Our Holy Fatter the Tope- "which carries with it < a plenary .. indulgence , • . _ on the usual eondltions, th- Confession and Holy Oauunttttion, /rayers for the Pope, His Grace and the welfare of HolyOhttrah. Wlrit Montteyand Tuesday will be day s of devotion. - ANHOUSCBMBKTS. The committee Df tbe St.'Tinoeirti'sHos pital ball met at the Town H«Ji»n Tf W afternoon. 26th uIt.r"TfaeHon.N^STtegeral' s vswmt, iMRmua; m »ingoam Mrs. LeonSsrd, Henley, MissHendersonand Mies Shields;Black and"Wfitte ; M<6.Geo. levels, Poudre; Mrt J. E. Shsrrard, Nurse. Therewillilso he aset formed by-thehospitalnurseE'and doctors. Altogeth«r,-£hecommittAii miwnt in Mruumt in tihn rmtttWlR of ever witnessed at the Town Hall. The ball has been fixed for Wednesdayevenrng, June6. iThe whole of the floor otthe hall will be occu- Jpied.ahdthe sight sftoWft beWiftflliaat one", At the special request of Lady Madden, there t willbea debutante^ set, and young ladies desirous of taking part ARE desired to be so good as to meet thihon. secretaries at the room reserved for the committee at the Town Hall, at 3.30 p.m. at "on Monday, Mondav Jane June 4. 4 In r ,J , will ... .""^""".M be found a ""i. list , of . the ,, another eommittfifi column f ftnd natrons of the ball t , X ^ Fathers will onen a mission at the Churoh of tlw Sacred Hear? Cwlfon At the 11 o'clock Mass next Sunday a speoial appeal A e maTa™ . Sol's Church, Brunswick, on^ehalf of the local Catholic school* ^ewinnSg numbers in the art union in aid of the Star of the Sea- Convent, Elstemwick, and also the winning numbers in the Enrnit Tuhilep Art TTninn anneor in our Koroit Jubilee Art union, ' appear " m our advertising columns. ST. FRANCIS' CH0RCH. The Very Bev. W. J. Quilter has recently had placed in the Banctuary of *St. Francis' Church, two very beautiful and devotional angelic figures, which stand on either side of the predeUa, and add much to-ijhe adornment of the sanctuary.- They are from the art. studio of Messrs. Pellegrini and Co., 299 Elizabeth-street, City, where are to be seen a varied collection of plain and decorated religious statuary. The figures were imported from Italy, and the work of decorating them was carried out bv Messrs. Pellegrini and Co. u-rau ...... — jM final :uai meeting ilitreiuig of Ul St. pi' Francis'Fair Sj recently held, at which the Very s $£fJ. Quilter presided, the balance- h wits read and adopted on the motion of p wT J. Bustelli, seconded by Mr. J. t Fr. Quilter eulogisedthegood F done by the lady stallholders and the p sees. (Messrs. W. F. Gallagher Md M. M The tota receipts were £605 14s p and the expenditure was £104 12s lid, w a credit balance of £501 Is lOd. p JOHN'S MAT FAIR.^ 0n Friday night, 25th ult., the Albert Clifton Hill, was crowded, the occasion a concert organised by the Mayor and of the City of Collingwood in of St. John's May Fair, the proceeds of are to be devoted to liquidating the on the Church of St. John the Baptist, Hill. The foUowing artists at the X request 01 tue cuuucmuia, mrjiauou.—hnn laide Bruce, Messrs. WT J. Graham, ^ Graham, Pope and Sayles, and P. (by permission of Mr. Harry Rickards). Collingwood Brass Band lent its aid Mr. MaeRobertson TiJii/iAoi aam/iav^ also •nVinriom'onn assisted, and exhibited SnhsA. opnug, u. wnj^i, <>.»., w. - Mr. Krisling (Town Clerk), Cr. M. A. Tolhurst (City Surveyor), tospector Graham, Messrs. A. Graham, M. { (Bank of New South Wales), M. Tolhurst, B.L., Superintendent Stem, Dr. Stock, Mr. Pra £ k rwSTrom the ^ k^W™ Z.lev M.i.S The mayor (Cr. W. D. Beazley, M.L.A.). The letter was read from the Very Bev. Dean Phelan :- Melbourne, May 25,1900. My dear Fr. Collins,—I am very sorry that ^ engttgement—the presentation to Archpriest McKenna—prevents me going to Clift0n Hill this evening. Nothing would give me greater pleasure than meeti ng His Worship the Mayor and nmny other valued friends in the Colli^gwood Council. action of the municipal authorities j n organising an entertainment for your bazaar Speaks speaksVOIULUUK volumes of UL the inn; friendly UABUUI; relations between Church and State in the city of Collingwood. Daring my three and a half years in their midst I experienced many marks ol of Kindness, kindness, for lor which wmcn I 1 shall Bnau be oe ever grateful. • Kindly assure-the sni^-.Hic Maw Mayor and Councillors of my high appreciation of this broadminded, generous act of theirs m coming to your assistance. Wishing the entertainment and the object for which it is organised every sacoess T I remain, dAfLr dear Fr. Collins. • * Very sincerely yours. P. PMTTAN. Various toasts were honored uwluding the SHKSfgE Coftins, who hod done much to classas ciaesas of the tne 00011110)1%: • Amo ether speakers were Ore. Wilkins, Spring, h Hooper, and G&han;, J.P. r It is announced that flie Mr willW> t brought to a close on Wednesday night.Jutte o 6, when the valuable art union will be w drawn, nnrier tho onumiiiinnnt tlia tfumr T Or. Wilkins, M.L.A., Cr. Keele, J.P., and A other prominent citizens. Fr. Collins will w feel obliged for the return of blocks and h remittances before that date. There will be o postponement of the drawing. h PR„c Fm,. TTftN __ __ v ABrHpnTffST m PRESENTATI0N VEEY RE V - AECHPRIEST u n „ ., 7;°:. ... M i ° l Jt. Patnck'sCathedral Patrick's presented the tne V*y h Rev. Archnnpnt ^hpriest M'TfAnnn.. M'Kenna, V:fi. V.G. (Geelong), rtlanlonorl. s— ch e 1 ue f o* 120 guineas. St. John s p School-room,Albert-street, East Melbourne, § ? as °r owde , d on , the <looasio , n - Representa- th tives fromthe a d i acent risheB ftnd missions ** w were a so present, and the proceedings were p throughout* a higMy interesting and en, ^ ^^ast.o chara^r- Amon^t toose C present were:—Very Revs. Dean Phelan, m e g S fl ' l JfL.C., John Anderson, M.L.A., Dr. A. XJ. b R Kenny, „ K.G.6. „ „ M Messrs. M. Mornane. Mornane, J. Winter, J. Buckley, M. Hood, P.P. Kavanagh (hon. sec.), Herr Steinmetz, J. P. Brennan, m &c.;, &c.; The assemblage was treated to a first-class concert, to which the following artists, mostly members of the Cathedral choir, contributed:—Miss E. S. Anderson, Miss Mary Godwin, Miss Julia Millea, Miss M. Kersting, Mr. G. J. Johnson, Mr. R. G. Foley, Mr. Hector Lightfoot, Mr. J. F. Goulding. At an interval in the musical programme, Mr. John Anderson, M.L.A., who presided, said that he had been on many platforms, but had never been on one where he exid so great a degree of pleasure as he t evening. (Applause.) ^ He had re- jjueati i'l IICUIM Uiwuiw flattery. uatvcij. However, he could WW.— say - J "V they —"J all regretted that the rev. gentleman left Melbourne, but rejoiced in his high to the most important parish of archdiocese. (Applause.) At St. Brigid's, and in connectionwith thecom_ of St Patnck's Cathedral Archpnest had done splendid^work. (Appiause.) He trusted that tos ven. pnes be bng spared o his peopte. (Appiause.) When many ^ AT ^^F'^P^FWHORD no" ™ F f th ir ^ts, ^d re 'oved ev l dCrs in no measured ^nd rep ovea eui aoers & M S A had gone to S I to take in the CathoUc Church v enArchdeacon Slattery. (Applause.) chWe"t" M'Ken^^ conspicuouafor his noKfv Sffof nf p nnrnoRe Se.ld^s and his JLl6us zealous care care lor fo of hisflock. Slaise V He (Mr Anderson), had been for^^43 wiiul could say that ^ ^Sbe priestsofVictoriaare concerned R . LD ^^ FOR a finer priesthood. r. . « 1 j 1 «._! priest M Kenna was to remma mm 01 »ae c m-eat disnity conferred on him by His Grace G ^ Aro 8 hbig hop (Applause.) The mantle V of thg late ven erated Dean Donaghy had at „ n on worth y shoulders. (Applause.) F ^ when the Ven Archdeacon Slattery la ^ incapacitated for active duty, their l distinguished^ Archbishop appointed Dean n M'Kenna to th^ highly responsible position (Applause;) ^ Wha great. works h*4 ^T/^chpri^i M'Kenna rtBt. Brigid's ^ st y Patric P k-s was well known, and^he t (Mr. Hood), had no hesitation in equally great things would in timi jjl the ven. Archpriest at Geeli wisij ed him every success in that| 1 (Applause.) * \ L. Kenny, K.G.G., duty 'ag treasurer to present _ ri* st M'Kenna with the result {ujttee's work. (Applause.) things said of the Archpriest by Mr, '.and Mr. Hood were all fully enow™,*- f e[ t 3Urei by the meeting. (Applan^3c)t ^ regretted the departure of AxchprieStrn'Kenna, jfigenna, and equally equauy regretted regretiea the tue failing uuuug health of the Ven. Archdeacon Slattery, which had rendered the change necessary, They ^hev recognised the wisdom the_ArohbiBhop Arohbishop sh ghowed 0wed in filling the position atueeiong Geelong ana and thatofDean of ^ the O^aJnl Cathedral. Mnnln.nftn.1 o He had very great pleasure in tottering mg o Archpriest M'Kenna a cheque for 120. guiueag. line'as. (Applause.) ZhprieBt Amhnriest P M'Kenia, M'Kenna, ^ho was received with applause, which lasted for some time, ^dhrww surprised^ the presentation, and wls sure tEey believed tiat, as they knew^e was not giVen to exaggeration. He S y did notex^ct^uohan^ssloaat SSffip® ad <»me 4s a (SaqiM6t egard 46 St. Brigid's haithe chnwh filers ^ vttWd^^MpH ne; moreover, Mat ere without a rival in the colony. he event Catholic Hall in Geel NGWU »U. OUMIGIUP • " " - ' ^ 4 rchdeacon — ™ —r —, - as finished. (Appease.) Intusearlydays ehadBtudied a very able book « sermons by the Abbe McCarthy, and from ttM«mrM ad drawn mtfoh of his inspiration for serons. That writer had^ reproved vice m nmeasared terms, agd he (Archpriest 'Kenna) did the same when doty required t at his hands, (Applause. Hewasgladto iiear ear that they remembered reniembered what had been ftid h in i_ sermons, otherwise the tV%o effort of nt the tlin reaoher would be of no avail. In regard to t. Patrick's Cathedml he could say that ere were oni y a few in the world which ere better tkii that noble building. (Ap. iause.) He had loved his work at theCathe- 'ihere were none in America that Ould beat it for beauty of design and workanship. That was the opinion of two minen? lay gentlemen who had visited m • ^ , 8 ht be ; f ^thedralsinEuropesupemrtoSt.Patnck s, ut some of those took 600 years to build, whereas nt St. Pnta-inVa Patrick's W had been cnmnlated completed within 40 years. (Applause.) It was a stable onument' to die spirit of generosity which actuated the people of Victoria. (Applause), jj e had found recorded in the books left by ^e late Dr. Fitzpatrick that the priests of the Archdiocese of Melbourne had begn am0ngst the most generous benefactors of the cathedral. (Applause.) He was really surprised that so much had been made of him by the Archbishop. He (the speaker) had got what amounted to a diploma from the late Mr. Wardell, the eminent architect 0f the Cathedral, who altered the design of the reredos of three altars at his suggestion. (Applause.) He felt highly flattered at the large and representative gathering, and was grew, I —, them. w— (Continued ^ applause.) rj: , Mr. D. Browne gave a comic recital, his local hits eliciting much hearty merriment, Subsequently, a number of the young folk indulged in dancing for a couple of hours, T0 THE H0LY GHOgT. HolyGhost was carried Catlledral i ni the p rincipia 0f the Archdiocese, beginning on ^ ^ The eveni devotion8 were weu attended at the several churches. We may be permitted to observe that the church as a means to combat the deistic and materiaUstie spirit of the age emphasises the devotion to the Second and the Third P ™,° f „ the H ?I Y T " nlty ' , TH 1 London "Tablet," reviewing the works of St. Hilary, of Poitiers, m .a recent issue, D r - Sanday'seulogy of the Saints tenacious faith in the Dmnityof Christ, r .. ... :—r ,.. , :ing lies in S'fflitaS , — his beUef a behef to w;hi«A he clung more tenaciously ^an to l. e atself, that Christ was <*>?• " o t , n a m e f nd ^taphor only, but in fullest and deepest reality ST. MAKY.'S,,WBST MELBOURNE. , m . t _ _»» tt". n i.1 10 me i»nu 01 umit utuioia. was assisted in the function by the Rev. M. Carey, P.P., the other clergy to St. Mary's, and the Vincentian who were engaged in missionary there. The most rev. prelate delivered a short address, and admitted a large into the League of the Cross, CHCECH 0F THE XMMACULATE COK- CBMONJ CEPTION, HAWTHORK, HAWTHORN. . Last Sunday evening the sodalities _ attached to the church formed a procession, 9 marched round the inside of the church Litany of the Blessed Virgin. , O'Flynn, S.J., followed, carrying Sacrament under a canopy which members of the newly formed ..Society. A sermon was preach- Bev. M. O'Brien, S.J., on.the The sodalities which took part „Jsaion were: The Children of Holy Angels, the men and women - id meihbers of the Catholia t - Society. 