A GHOST ON BOARD ; '* i WEIRD; STORY1 BY; A MATE. Apcopoa of tho talos told by sailors, prob ably tho most.woird is thnt of tho mate of tho Dutch Imrquo Burgomoister Jonklieor Ool- , nan. Jacob Springbralton is tho- narrator of the singular-atory, whiohjio lately told to an intorviowor as followB : — ' You notice that my- hair iBgroy.but I am only 30 years old. When Itoll'you all that happened .i-no awful night on the Scholdtjust ten yeara ago^you' will understand why it should bo so. ... '?, ' To begin with, although I was bo yoiing a man, I was a captuin. My father was a proaperouH ^ship-broker,'. and I ^bb- a twin. My brotho'reat'od nothing about tho Bea, but to follow it-was my solo dim in life, My brother wds%entto; and of a dplicytoconati tution. He wuh decided onto bo tho successor to the busiheiis, whilo I was placed at Bea bo fpro the mast When in my 20th year. ' After six yea H 1 secured command of the Fraulein Vorheea-. Sho was an old, un aoaworthy brig; but, sho wob all my own, and I made many happy, voyages in her through the waters of North'nrn Europo 'On the night of which I am about to speak, I had just made port from a prospor-' oub run through .the ports of ? the Low Oouritries. . ??''.. ' ThB-i?raulem made tho roads of -the' Sclioldt about ton o'clock at night. I told the crew wo would not land that, night, and as thoy were very tired, they agreed. ? ' As for myself, I remained on deck for half an hour later, looking towards tho shore. Tho houeo in which I lived with my : father, mother, and brother was in' plain: view from the ship. 1 lookod at it and won-1 dered why it waa all lighted up bo long after their usual hour of retiring. For a mo ment I was half tempted, to take a boat and go on shore. . 'But I went down tho cabin Btairs. Scarcely had I reached my room when -my presentiment returned^ 'I set a tray of brandy peaches on the table and lit a big stone pipe. . SMASHING BLOW AT AN , INTRUDER. ' While I smoked 1 thought of home. I hadn't seen my brothorfora year, arid I won dered how he would greet me. It may have been becauso we wore twins, but we woro alwuyB closer together Bomehow than most brothers. ' ' So thinking, I muBt havo fallen asleep. Suddenly a cold oppressive chill seemed to seize my very heart. The ship clock on the wall-showed tho tin\e — 11.50 p.m. The lamp had burnt dim. Then I realised Uu.fsome one else was in the room. A figure waa seated in that chair, just as you are now. I could see his faco distinctly, but hia eyes had aa expression of mute BaauesB. Horror seized me— horror indescribable. With a vio lent effort I shook off. the hallucination. ' Grasping the pipe which lay on the floor beside me, I struck the intruder a terriflo blow on the head. A plaintive groan sounded through the apartnu-nt, and the spell was over. The moonlight streamed through tho ? stern window into the cabin, and I suw it was empty, but thoro was a %ig dent in tho floor whore tho pipe had struck. .The bowl was broken. . ? ' I went up on deck, and to my BurpriBB Baw that our house was still lit up biightly. There, seemed much confusion. Forms could be seen flitting past the windows, and all was excitement. . ' Thoroughly alarmed. I called the wutch and had the boat lowered. In a jifly we pulled through tho moonlit water,- and in ten . minutes I waa knocking at the door of the home. ' '.:'??' 'JACOB MY BROTHER.' . ' My mother opened it. She fell upon my Bhoulder and exclaimed between her bods: — ? . ? ' ' Oh, Jacob, Hans ia dead. Ho longed for your coming, but he passed away a few minutes before twelve. Ho knew, you were in the bay. Why didn't you come ashore?' - ' And then they told me a strange story . Hans was seized .with a sudden illness on the morning of .'that very day. They, told him tho Fraulcin Voorheea would Boon be in, but he replied that ho would never aee mo again; At 10.30, the time when I had imagined I was asleep in the cabin of tho brig, ho had fallen into a deep coma. And then, at 11.50 p.m., at the very momant when I had brought that cursed pipe dowp with cruahinjj f oreo upon tho head of the apparition of my dreams, he suddenly aroused, and. cryine aloud, ' ' Oh, my Gdd^Jaeob, inybrother, ho died.' : ' ' ?? ?_?????-.? 