SHo^r stofet. ;THE HAUNTED HOUSE (Continued fm*. last kme.) ?Wdl, 'm. I eu hardly tell yon. lint, I b'lieve, eighs, and groans, and ? rpitliog of garments* are heard. 1 bare baen told,1, she continued, hup m up tba horribles, u the saw ho» ? - attentive her new neighbour bad .-become. -I havs bttn told thnts youne i ' atoman »ss murdered there tome yeaif ago and that eU« chiefly walks ihi bouee od the day of (be moolji thatebe : met her de»th ; all (bat I know is. tbat I wouldn't lire in the place for a pension.' ?But I'm going to lira in ii- as I'm bought the prupertf. filill, I tiianl you for what you've told me. Th* ghost will fini in me no easy sulijeci to deal with. Good morning, raa'uin. So saying, Mrs. Ltmkett ewung hei rake over her (boulder mid marshed off to the house. 'What do you think of this rigma role story, Robert T the asked hei orphew ihrt evening, after she had told him about it. He was silent for a raomiut, then be said, gravely. ?Well, I beard something movine about the house last nigbr, bot u 1 thought it was fancy from my sleeping in a strange room, I said nothing ?boat it.' Mrs. Larskett paled a little, and ber daughter moved up closer to bet toother's side. ?Did yno hear anything, Amy I1 'No, mother, m iiinj; sleepin..on \- th« same floor as J'.ursell, if yoi did not heir anything, of course I should ^'W.ll, as it is time for bed, I'll K° Jownaitaipfl nnri ATaminA l.hp HrVirfi Htir windows.' She returned rather quickly armed ?with a copper-stick, to find tbat her nephew had shifted his position some what nearer to his cousin. 'Now, look here,' she said, grimly, grasping tbe copper-stiok firmly, 'if I hear anything of the ghost to-nigbt, it will most assuredly feel tbe weight of this weapon.' She undressed and got into bed, and lay listening for some time, with thr copper-stick handy at her side. She was just falling off into sleep when she heard a deep sigh outside her door, and a faint voice saying : ?Wandering for ever I Wandering for ever I' . She suddenly found herself bathed in an uncomfortable state of perepira tion. She sat up in bed. 'I must hare been dreaming,' she thought, as tbe roioe ceased, and she was alien I to lie dowu again, when the sigh was repeated at before. She crept noiielessly out of bed, lit tbe candle, slipped on a long flannel dressing gown, gently opened tbe door, and rushed out on the landiDg flour ishing ber copper-stick wildly about ber. Then she litld the light high above her head and peered up a flight of stairs and down another one and along the passage, but she saw noth ing ; the house was as still as death. ?I'll try ngiin,' she thought, as she re-entered tbe bedroom. She left the candle burning and lay watching it until it burnt itself out ; then she fell asleep. 'No, aunt, I heard nothing lest eight,' replied her nephew, at the breakfast table the following morning, when ehe had told him what bad taken place. ?I think it very strange that I ehould heat these sounds, suJ you aDd Amy do not.' ?Why don't you see Dr. Tweet, mother I Your nerves may be a little bit out of order, although you may not know it.' 'My nerves, out of order I they're never out of order, and Dr. Tweet h a fool I But, still, there will be no harm in my seeing him.' The doctor always visited this pa tient of bis in fear and trembling, more especially after his severe defeat by her on his pet belief tn 'transfusion.' He was a meek little man, who now entered the room softly, with a weak smile hovering on bis lips. ?And how ara we tihs morning my dear madam 1' be asked, gently, as he seared his august patient. speaking, as he stood, dry-wHBhing his hands before her, with his head slightly aside, like a contemplated raven. ?I know what you are going to say,' she broke silence at last. 'Look,' and out came her longae; 'here,' she added ? moment afterwards, and the thrust out ber arm. ?Tongue s little coated, pulse a little irregular,' be said, as hfi let go her hand and recommenced bis dry- wash- ing. 'We will take a little mixture at first to put the slomacb in order, and then a little quinine afterwards to pull up the nerves.' -Do yon believe -in apparitions,' she asked, abruptly. 'Dear, bias's' me, what a question I, be answered, evas'vely, fearing another controversy with bar; 'but why do yon ask such a question F 'Because there is a ' ghost in this ? boas*.' 'Nonsense, my dear madam, Non wan I It is your liver that is out of order.' ? 'bo you ao not Deitere in me «oper 'Waral T : ? 'Indeed I do not? he replied, taking up his bar, hastily. ,=~,». ?-» 'Perhens,' Jit added, as ha neared \- i the door, 'perhaps we have been read I ing Mrs. Crowe's 'Night Side of Na -. \ tare'r * . 'Perhaps yon don't know wbat you I are talking -about I' sbe retorted, f ? sharply. J - ShetopV his m«?ioina, and for two \ '????:?? Digbteahe did not bur anything of the I nocturnal visitant. It must bare . ?-?'* ?' Xtrbtin-mj lirer, after all,' eh* thought. ' I- ,., J}ut on .the tbird night the mysterioni ( v '- -sounds bej-aa again. As bafore,'«he ?. :- $ot out «f bed softly, lit tbe candle, i jput on tier long flannel dressing-gown, * V-. land, arming bonelf with lie copper . I- ? -Kjitidt, aba unlocked bar -bedroom door, »o-J sprang out on lh« landing.' As !.. .teforV/thei-e ?rajnothing to be men. fe -.?:.* I wonoVr,1; *be thought, .'if Robert **»?.:?? beard it nfcls, time. I'll go op. and ???:..?.-:. -r-iee/:-..:. ' ;';':.' ..'.-?.- ?:?:'. ':L-',V- 'Are You awake, Robertf ebe ;r - .'asked, Wing a smart tattoo withiurr ' v: y' 'cojpeMtick on bis bedroom door. ?' ' k -?' ?iS^m^Baeh'iican 'irom ? ^;.smoUnred 