t ALL KICHTS BESERVED.1 What Gold Cannot Bay. CHAPTER XI. — CosrmruBD. 'I hope you may, and I believe you Srill be. Here is the carriage. Let us go In. I suppose. Mr. Savile is ready. Nothing proved to me his mother's complete restoration so much as her speech about him. 'Let him go away with you, Mr. Rawson,' she said; 'it lie travels about with us he will only toe an additional responsibility to Hiss Desmond. .Richard is incapable of tak ing care' of himself.' She is marvel lously toned down by suffering and sympathy; but we cannot expect the Ethiopian to change his skin, nor the . leopard his spots altogether, wougn one may become a shade lighter and the other have fewer marks.' It was with a thankful heart that Hope Desmond found herself and her ?charge safely housed in the Stafford Square mansion. Mrs. Saville bore the journey well — indeed, fritter than her companion, whose pale cheeks -and heavy eyes bespoke mental and physi cal exhaustion. Mrs. Saville's usual medical attend ant, or rather the medical attendant ^ of the household, for the wiry woman scarcely knew -what indisposition meant, awaited her arrival and no ticed Miss Desmond's looks. 'If I might offer advice unasked, I would recommend a tonic and some days' complete repose to this young lady,' said the polite practitioner. 'It seems to me that her nervous system is somewhat overstrained.' 'She shall do as you direct,' return -ed Mrs. Saville, with her usual decis ion. 'I will look to her myself. She has braved horrible infection for me, ?and has had a large share in saving my life; therefore I value hers beyond everyone's except of course my sons* Yes, you look frightfully ill, Hope. I -cannot have this.' 'Perhaps if I went to Miss Rawson for a few days,' said Hope, with hesi tation, 'I might gather strength soon er. Here I shall always want to be up -and about.' 'You shall be nursed in no other house than this; so, doctor, send In your prescription soon. As for me, I ?want nothing but good food and oc cupation.' ?'You are indeed marvellously well -and strong, considering what an ill ness you have gone through. We have now every reason to hope that you will be spared to your family and 'friends for many years.' 'Much my family and friends care ?about that special mercy,' returned Mrs. Saville, with one of her ironical ?smiles. ' 'Good morning, doctor.' And ?the doctor bowed himself out. 'Thank God, he is gone; I am dying *o read my letters,' cried Mrs. Saville. *'Here is a thick one from Mr. Haw son.' She opened it, and then, grow ing rather whit£ exclaimed, 'Why, it encloses one from Hugh!' This she xead eagerly, and then reperused it. 'Ah, if I could believe he cares for me.' she said, at length. 'The letter is like himself, tender yet obstinate. He will be there nearly as soon as this,' she went on, her small, thin fingers closing tightly on the paper. ''He implores me to let him see his mother's face once more — the mother tie has been so near losing. Rawson has ?evidently told him of my illness. He ?confesses I had a right to be angry; 'but reiterates his conviction that he bas done well and wisely in securing sthe sweetest wife man could have.' 'You will see him, dear Mrs Sa ?ville ?' cried Hope, with white, parch -ed lips. 'You were eo good as to think Iwas of use to you; if you would amp : ly repay me, see your son — let him -plead for his wife. They are married, jcu cannot separate them, and if she is a true woman it will break her heart ?to know that she has parted mother ?and son. It is in our power to confer ' -such happiness.' 'I will receive my son. As to his ?wife, i cannot say what I shall do. I gave Rawson directions to have her -watched; it was a shabby thing to ?do, but I did it. He has had her ?closely shadowed, but she has 'been absolutely well conducted. Still, if it Is in my power to confer much happi ness it was in hers to create much .mitcry, and she did it ! Why. Hope, what is the matter ? Ar-e you ill ?' -Hope fell back in her chair so deadly white and motionless, that Mrs. Saville was terror-struck. She rang violently, ' ' and rushing to the fainting girl, began to rub her cold hands. 'Bring water, winel send JPessop ! «*ll back the doctor !' she cried, in I trreat agitation, to the astonished but- I : ter, who had never before seen his Im- ' ?' t»PFious mistress so moved. , ; 'The doctor has just driven off, 'm; j 'hut I will send Jessop.' Soon the lady's-maid, the butler, and =tbe housekeeper were trying to bring 'CALL BACK THE DOCTOR!' Miss Desmond back to life. When she . cid open her eyes they sought Mrs. Saville's; she smiled and feeby put out her hand. 'Now she must go to bed,' said Mrs. Si-ville, holding the offered hand In both of her own. 'She had better be carried up-^stairs.' '1 can walk quite well; at least in a few minutes,' she murmured Hope, 'Jessop will help me.' Thus Hope was relegated to her own room, where Mrs. Saville insisted she must remain all the next day. Won derful to relate, that lady spent most of it at her bedside, reading or knit ting. Neither spoke much, yet they had acertaf n comfort in the companion ship. Miss Rawson cailer, and was admitted during Mrs. Saville's absence; when she went lor a short airing, which she considered essential for her owe health. To her Hope explained that she must lor the present refuse her hospitable b-vitatlon. Then they talked long and confidentially, and Miss Rawson took charge of a couple of letters when ehe bade her young friend good- bye. It was then established that Miss Desmond was not to appear till lunch eon time, Mrs. Saville being content to read the papers herself. The doc tor was not quite satisfied; his young patient did not recover strength or touei she was depressed and nervous, averse from food, sleepless. Some complete change to a bracing place might be necessary. Mrs. Saville, who was deeply concerned, went eagerly into the question of localities, but Hope implored, almost piteously, not to be sent away. If was the end of September, and London was at its emptiest; Mrs. Sa -\ille was therefore spared the visits ana kind inquiries of her kinsfolk and acquaintance. She was ill at ease from anxiety concerning Hope. All tuat was kindly and grateful in her strong nature had been drawn forth by the desolate orphan girl who had 4h- spirit to withstand her hitherto undesisted tyranny and the perception to appeal to the better self which lay ber«ath it. So Mrs. Saville sat by herself, think ing deeply of her past, her present, and the possible future one warm, rainy morning. 'Horrid weather for Hope,' she thought, 'impossible for nerves to , get right under such skyey influence.' Yes, ehe must get Hope out of town. How desolate her life would be without that girl ! and she would need comfort and support in. coming years. Even if she brought herself to accept Hugh's wife, she would probably turn out a thorn in their side and keep her and her son apart. R«re the old butler, with a beaming face, announced, 'Mr. Hugh, ma'am,' and her son entered. How well, how distinguished, he looked ! his strong fe.ee deeply embrowned, his fine eyes looking eager yet soft. 'Hugh !' cried Mrs. Saville. rising, and trembling from head to foot. 'My dear mother !' he returned, ten derly, with a slight hoarseness of warm emotion, and he clasped her In his arms, kissing her affectionately. 'Are you indeed safe and well ?' 'My son ! you have nearly broken my heart !' Her tones told him he was already half forgiven. 'Rawson told me this morning, just now, that I might venture to call. You must forgive me, mother. I know I deserved your anger, and this I re gret. I only want you to let me come and see1 you sometimes, and I will trouble you no more. I can fight for in; own hand; and you must accept my innocent wife, too.' '4It will be a hard task, Hugh. I am a prejudiced woman, and my pre judices are strong against her.' 'I think they will melt when you see her, mother.' 'I doubt H,' Mrs. Saville was begin . ningy when the door opened, and Hope Desmond walked slowly into the room. She seemed very pale and fragile In her simple black dress. No sooner had she caught eight of Hugh than her cheeks flushed, her great brown eyes lit up with a look half joy, half terror, and her lips parted with a slight cry. Hugh Saville sprang forward, ex claiming, 'My own love t my own dar ling wife!' and folded her in a raptur ttEU LIPS PASTED WITH A BLIGHT CRT. ous embrace, kissing her hair, her eyes, her lips, forgetful of everything else. Mrs. Saville again rose from her chair, -and stood petrified. At last Hope disentangled herself from her husband's arms, and, crossing to where her mother-in-law stood, said, brokenly, 'Can you forgive me for the deceit I have practiced? Can you have patience to hear my explana tion ?' '1 am bewildered,' cried Mrs. Saville, looking from one to another, **Is Hope Desmond your wife, Hugh ?' 'She is ! Can you not forgive me now ?' said Hugh advancing to sup port Hope's trembling form by pass ing his arm around her. 'It is incredible ! How did you come to impose upon me in this way ?' 'I will tell you all,' Hope began, when she was interrupted by a mess age which the butler brought from Mr. Rawson requesting to be admitted. 'Show him up; he is a party to the fraud,' said Mrs. Saville, sternly. Hugh drew his wife closer to him as Mr. Rawson entered looking radiant. 'I trust you do not consider me an intruder,' he said. 'You come just when you are want ed. I feel my brain turning,' returned Mrs. Saville. 'If you will listen,' urged Hope with clapped hands. 'Yes, pray hear Mrs. Hugh Saville,' said Mr. Rawson. Mrs. Saville turned a startled look upon him, and Hope went on : 'When I came to this good friend, who of fered me the shelter of his house so scon as he found I was the niece of his old rector, I was In despair. I began to realize the mistake, the dis obedience, that Hugh had been guilty of. I had yielded too readily to the temptation of spending my life with him. I felt that I was the cause of his troubles, and I was overwhelmed. I wished that I could die; anything to be no longer a burden and an ob stacle. Then I heard Mr. Rawson sj-tak of finding a companion for Mrs. Srvllle, and the thought came to me of being that companion, and perhaps Winning her affection for myself and reMoration for Huoj.' A sudden sob interrupted her; then, with an effort, she went on : 'Mr. Rawson was start ler at the idea, but his daughter at o: ce took it up, and, after some dis cussion, it was agreed that I should make the desperate attempt. I was therefore introduced to you by two of my names — Hope Desmond; I was call ed Katherine Hope Desmond after my mother, who was Uncle Desmond's only sister. How I had courage to brave such an experience I cannot now understand, for my heart,' — she press ed her hands against her bosom, and disengaging herself, made a step near er her mother-in-law — 'seems to flut ter and fail me. But the desire to re trieve the wrong I had wrought sus tained me. I did not tell Hugh what I had undertaken .until I had been some weeks with you. He was much alarmed, and begged me not to risk too much — to leave as soon as I could if the strain was too great; but he did not forbid me to stay. So I staytd. How dreadful the beginning was '. 'Vet, though you werft. cold and st«?rn. I could bear it, for you are t*T- strorg to be suspicious, or pettj, «r narrow, and I dared not let myself ftar yeu; and then — I grew to know you had a lwart. That is what makes this moment so terrible. I fear your dis approval more than your displeasure Now, can you, ?will you forgive me ?' Mrs. Saville was silent; her brows wore knit, her eyes downcast; yet Hope dared to take the small handwhieh lay on the arm of the chair 'Mrs-. Sa ville did not draw it away. The lock ers held their breath. Then she drew Hope's to her and gently stroked it, 'I think,' she said, ? slowly.' that you are the only creature that ever under stood me. I forgive your husband, and accept you — not because his disobedl euce i)s pardonable, but because, when X came back from the jaws of death, the first sight that met my eyes were your tears »f joy at my recovery. Yet, had X died intestate, you and your hus band would have been far better off than you will be; and you knew it- You ar* the first that has ever given mt what gold cannot buy.' 'Mother,' cried Hugh Saville, in a tone of wounded feeling, **I always loved you as .much as you would let mo.' '?Perhaps you did. I believe jKJii did,' said his mother. Hope had sunk on -her knees and kissed the hands which held hers, then he- head fell forward, and Hugh sprang forward to lift her. 'She is quite overoden,' he exclaim ed, almost indignantly. 'She Is but a ghost of her former self.' And he placed her in an easy chair, where she lay with closed eyes. 'Happiness will be a rapid restora tive,' said Mrs. Saville kindly. 'Now, what punnshment is to be dealt out to you, traitor that you are ?' S5e con tinued, turning to Mr. Rawson. I de grade you from the high office of my chief adviser ? X must hold a council, and the council-board shall be my dinner-table. Bring your daughter to dit.ner this evening, and we shall settle many matters ? And Hope, if you feel equal to the task, write to Richard, inviting him to dinner to meet his new sister-in-law.' 'Very few. fellows have so good a rl?;ht to be proud of a wife, as I have,' \- cried Hugh, exultingly. 'Our old naval stories of desperate cutting-out exploits are poor compared to the enduring courage that upheld Kate, as I al ways call her, though the long strain of her bold undertaking.' 'She has enlightened me, . at all events,' said Mrs. Saville 'Now go away to the drawing-room and have your talk but. The doctor insists that a complete change is necessary for Hope's recovery; so take your wife away to-morrow for your longdelay ed honey-moon. But, remember, when ever you are pursung your profession on the high seas, I claim the companion ship. Mr. Rawson's pleasant prote gee.' , 'Dear Mrs. Saville, I will be your loving daughter so long as you care to have me near you,' cried Hope; and, no longer hesitating, she folded her 'formidable mother-in-law in her warm embrace. THE EN1-. 