CONCERNING MEN IN THE WAR LOUD ROBERTB. One of the most tragic of stories is that of Lord Roberts with which the world is already quite familiar. What the world ' perhaps does not know is that in this case, as in many others, the news of the loss came with a suddenness that enormously aggravated the blow. Lord Roberts, anxious, perhaps, to avoid the amount of questionings to which 'he1 might he sub jected if lie went to a. Service club, went to the Atlienamm, of which he is also a mem ber, for liis luricli. As lie Was sitting alone; over his meal, he heard somebody who evi dently did not know him say, ut tlio next table to him, "Sad news, this, about the death of Lord Roberts's son!" At once the bearer of the sad news and the gentlemen to whom he was speaking observed the agitation of the gentleman at the next table, saw tlnit he rose abruptly from the table, and went out into the hall. Lord Roberts knew that his son had been wounded, hut this was the first announce ment that came to him of the fatal ter mination. Lord Roberts went to the tape machine in the hall of the club; it contained, no confirmation of the dreadful news. Then he went up to the gentleman who had men tioned the rumor; the gentleman,1 could only say that he had heard the news— he had had no official confirmation. In a short time the official confirmation came; the tape contained the statement that young Roberts was dead. A STORY OF WARREN. Licntenant-Gcncval Sir Charles AVurrcn was engaged in exploration work at Jeru salem, when he was a captain of engineers, lie had exhausted all the funds placed at his disposal by the committ.ee in London, he had asked for more, and, while wailing for a remittance, he had spent some hun dreds of his own 'money in his enthusiasm for the work on which lie ivas engaged. At last all the money available was ex pended, and lie had written to say that if he was not provided with funds he must stop work and come home. But a large re mittance was already on the way, and it reached him almost immediately. Ilis anxiety- won over, and lie went for a walk outside the walls, to enjoy the feeling of relief from the anxiety or mental strain. As lie strode along, the sense of exultation became so strong that, thinking he was all alone, he expressed his delight by turning, a somersault. As lie came to liiB feet again, he saw, to his horror, that a number of grave looking Moslems, who were seated in the shadow of a neighboring wall, were watching him ivitli wide open eyes. At first ho thought that all his authority with the Arabs would vanish when the talc of his undignified conduct was told, hut he heard before long that a story was going round to tlio effect that the English officer had gone outside the walls to perform a strange religious ceremony, and that the Arabs were puzzled -as to the precise mean ing and object of it, as to which there were several rival. theories. A DIALOGUE OF THE WAR. There are glimpses of humor even in the grim Natal campaign. A few weeks ago a young Britisli officer was endeavoring to signal by -heliograph from General Buller'a camp to Ladysmith. He had not been long nt work before it became clear that his mes sages were being intercepted and answered by the Boers. Then occurred the following conversation, which the officer recorded and has sent home in a private letter for the benefit of his friends: — N. Who arc you? - Boers. The Royal Irish Fusiliers. ... N..What is the number of your regi ment? B. I am Corporal Stevens, 18th Hussars. N. What are you doing? B. Ladysmith was taken last night; I es caped. . N. You are Boers, aren't you? B. Yes, and you're English. Where ' is .Buller? N. 1 don't know. Where is Joubert? B. He has gone to Pretoria with General White as prisoner; N. IIow is old Kruger? B. All right, thank you. N.' Why won't you wait for ns? We have plenty of cold steel for yon, and our 100 rounds are getting rather heavy. God help you ifyou do. "'B./Ycs, Pie is sure to. .- It is smart dialogue, with a rather grim, ending. A RUSE WHICH SUCCEEDED. Ilere is an interesting hit about tho es cape from Dundee: — "T he Boers took pos session of the Impati Mountains and sur rounded us. We were in a terrible fix, cut off from communication from anywhere. We sent to Ladysmith for reinforcements,, but they were hard pressed at Elands 'ftdUMftP; and. we '.could, not. hav.c them. .Sol about eight o'clock 'oil Sunday night twot companies of ours went down under, cover, of darkness to the camp and lit it up with candles so as to make the enemy think we- were there, but in the morning we were twenty odd miles awuy. We had to go right under the Boer guns to get away, and we did it grand and got to Ladysmith, whore they thought we were all cut up. And didn't the troops at Ladysmith give us a cheer, and no mistake." A GRIM TICTURE. Hero is a grim picture from a private's letter: — "One of our fellows was talking to a parson who went over the battlefield of Elands Laagte a day after the fight. He says there were terrible sights, the most awful of which was a Boer sitting down quite naturally, with a bayonet clean through him and about six inches of the muzzle of the rifle as well, while the Tommy who had given the mighty thrust was lying down as if asleep, with a small bullet hole in his forehead. Tho Boer was grasping the barrel of the rifle with both hands, and his eyes were staring out straight in front of him with a horrified look in them, as if he had seen a ghost." A STOnY OF DR. LEYDS. Here is a true story of how President Ivruger's friend and advisor was hoist by the petard concocted by him for the detri ment of a certain Outlandcr named L— — , who was the proprietor of a club in Johan nesburg. Dr. Leyds had a suspicion that raids and other impediments to successful government were fomented within the hos pitable portals of this club, and he advised the officials to make things warm for the cheery proprietor, and they accordingly did so. All sorts of restrictions and im positions were thrust on our friend L— — . One was a tax of £16 per week for remov ing refuse, and, as this imposition was not met, ii charge followed for obstructing the thoroughfare, and a fine of £50 was the result. Amongst other rules made was one under which none but members were al lowed to drink intoxicating liquors at the club, or stay there all night. No\v, it.happened one day that Dr. Leyds rode in to Johannesburg from Pretoria, and on his arrival could find no accommodation for himself and horse for the night at any of'the hotels, so lie had to fall back on the club. ' The proprietor, who was well aware of the- identity of his guest, made him and his beast "welcome, and -the next morning, after hreakfnstinc. 1 It ran something as follows:— To bed and breakfast .. .. .. .. ..£1 1 0 Fodder, &c.;, for horse .. .'. .. .. 1.' 0 5 U Whisky and soda .. 026 Club subscription .. .. .. .... - -- 10 10 o Total:, '. .. ,.£11 IS 6 Dr. Leyds scanned the items, and when he caught sight of the last and largest, he asked fpr the proprietor; "What is the meaning of this outrageous charge?" said he, when that gentleman ap peared before him. "That, sir, is the usual club subscription," was the reply. "But I am not a member of your club, and do not want to become one." "Of that," rejoined the proprietor; "I know nothing. But what-I am acquainted with are the rules im posed upon inc by the rilling powers. One is to the effect that no person other than a member shall stay a whole night, or partake of intoxicating liquors within tne club pre mises. If I am caught breaking that law, I render myself liable to a- fine of £50, and the person I accommodate or supply liquor to is subject to a like, penalty. The informer, in either case, gets half. So you see I am in an awkward predicament. If I refrain from charging yoii the £10 10/, I shall he fined £50, and you would he mulcted in a like sum; so I have taken the liberty of introducing your name to the club commit tee, and they have made you a member." The doctor paid. "MOTHER'S cui»s AND SAUCERS." Miss Siner, of West Bromieli, who was compelled to fly from Ladysmith, writes:— "Don't believe the papers which say their shells are useless; some may be bad, but others are only too good. It is fortunate some are had, or I should not be alive now, they have been so near our house. I great ly fear for mother's cups and saucers, for they were, left on cabinets and brackets, and the awful bombardment must have shaken the house to its' foundations before . this. I daren't think of it, it maddens me. Even the weather is, 'changed.' We know nothing of Ladysmith weather, of course, but we have rain nearly every day since we came, quite unusual weather they tell me." A PET LAMB FOR TnE CAMERON'S. A gentleman in Inverness, who found his pet lamb developing a destructive tendency in his household, resolved to raffle it for be hoof of the War Fund. The winner of the prize; in deference to the request of its for mer owner's children, consented not to kill the pet, and the happy thought occurred to 'him to send jt to the Cameron Barracks to become it regimental pet. He lias done so. More may be heard of that pet lamb. 