ra. Through the open doors and windows of the new house of the new selector came the music and the laughter of the ball. Christmas Eve night was well-ad- vanced and the "house warming" had been a perfect success. Leaning over the verandah rail was George Tressider, and fanning herself in a lounge close by him was Marion Reed. They had hi.t that moment left the ball- room, and since the tragic death of Glover, fourteen months before, they had never met till now. In that time Marion, leaving her girlhood behind her, had developed into a superb woman of twenty-one, and sitting there in the glor- ious summer moonlight she looked very, very beautiful. Gazing over the landscape Tressider was too full of thoughts to speak. The ground was carpeted with a mass of var- iegated wild flowers, and in the distance the great karri and jarrah trees reared their tall heads above the horizon. He was thinking, as he looked across the little plain, of the terrible tragedy that had begun on the edge of that timber, and terminated so close to the spot where the house now stood. "It is fortunate," Tressider thought, "that Marion does not know she is almost sitting on the place where he was killed, and on the anniversar- of their proposed wedding-day, too. And since then she and I have never met till to- night. Ah me ! she is dearer now to me than ever she was, but she must be the first to hint she has not forgotten the past." His thoughts were interrupted by Mar- ion, who had now ceased fanning herself, exclaiming with an assumption of meas- ured sarcasm. "Mr. Tressider"-she emphasised the 'Mr.'-" would it be asking vou too much of a favour to take me for a little walk. It's such a fine night and I'm so tired of dancing." Taking it for granted he would assent she bowed to him with mock humility, offered him her arm, and they stepped off the verandah together. Two or three times they walked up and down in front of the house and their conversation was commonplace. Then somehow they found themselves at the gate, which was a hundred yards awav aud behind the ti-tree clumn. They st.ioJ some moments silent, each waiting Kü- the other, for no word or hint of love had passed between them. Then hesi- tatingly the woman spoke and she tried to make her voice sound gay. "George"-it was not 'Mr.' now-"do you remember ever making me a pro- mise?" He remembered well, but he paused before he spoke, then he said coldly, "I do. I told you once if ever you came to me in trouble, I would help you. Is that what you refer to ?" She changed her position and her fin- gers tapped uneasily on the gate. 'It is. I am in trouble and I need your help. 1 know it is bold of me to say so, George, but you were good to me in the old oays and I trust you-" He merely nodded for her to go on as she hesitated. "I know, after the way I treated you," she continued, "you can never think the same of me, but promise me yon won't be cross, and promise vou won't refuse me if I tell you what I want. Will you, George, please?" and she laid her hand on his arm pleadingly. "I will, Marion. I promise if I can do anything for you, I will, whatever it may be." There was a long silence. Standing close to him she looked away. Then he asked her again in what way he could help her ; what he could dr. for her. Still she did not speak ¡md in the sil- ence he could hear the rising wiiid in the great trees two miles away, ue looked at her and saw she was crying, and he knew he had tried her too :?.ach. Put- ting his arm round her he drew her to him. "Marion, my darling, tell me what it is you want?" And she threw her arms round his neck and sobbed as though her heart would break. Even then the rush of the rising wind caught his ears, and it seemed louder and sounded strange, but she in his arms heard nothing. Presently she said, "What do I want? I wi" tell *-ou"-and looking into his fae she laid one hand against his cheek -"I want the old days back again, George. Our old days-yours and mine." He smoothed her hair and kissed her on the forehead. "Truly. George. I did not love him. He seemed to mesmerise me and I had to fol- low him, but he knew I liked you best. Why did you not take me away from him? I wanted you all the time." He kissed her again. "What is that noise? lt makes me shiver. Listen I" and she drew closer to him. "It is only the wind rising as the moos sets," he said, soothingly. He glanced over his shoulder in the direction of the big trees, and then he looked into Mari- on's eyes. The thought of Glover's sav- age words somehow seemed whispered in the bushes, "The spoils to the vi«tor." Yes! he was victor now, and his victory was honourable and he was thankful. He understood the vindictive hatred of the utterance now in its full meaning; now, as Marion said, Glover knew he was never loved. If the sting of a proud man's wounded pride, or the malice of an evil nature could make the dead rise from their graves Now, like the galloping thunder of wild cattle over the ironstone, grew the muffled roar that came down from the trees. He had heard that noise before, but where? It seemed familiar. With blanched wonderment he strained hi* eyes across the little plain, pressing Mar- ion tightly to him. There through the night, before he knew it, came the ghost of the lumbering jinker, now on one wheel, now on the other, flogging the ground behind with its huge karri log. The maddened horses too with their heads craned forward and their iron hoofs pounding both the earth and their dragging driver that bounded among their legs. Down like a whirl- wind came the vision, straight at them, engulphing them, with a sigh melting through them, then through the gate and passing onward, till with one terrible crash the noise of its headlong travel ceased. Marion, aghast, pushing her lov- er away, stood looking for a second in alarm, then with the loud wild laugh of a madwoman turned and flew like the wind towards the house. ***** For many weeks she lay between life and death, and it was long thought she would lose her reason. But with con- stant care and attention she slowly re- covered, and as the days passed she once more became har old self. The two lovers had never referred but once to that ter- rible night, and then George had told her of his connection with the affair: had told her of tho words and blows that passed, and he had told her because he thought it was his duty. "Do you know," she had exclaimed, "I think that awful vision came upon me as a judgment for my conduct towards you, George. You must never let any- one take me from you again." The subject was never afterwards men- tioned. One evening they were ci tue river to- gether. "Marion," he said gloomily. "I think we had better give up trying to get mar- ried. I have waited patiently for you fur a long time now, and s< mething always seems to come in the way." She leaned back in her seat and her eyes laughed at him. "You can give it up if you like, ' she said. She looked so sweet and dainty lean- ing back with her sunshade open behind her, and her wavy brown hair, and her pretty taunting ways. Oeorge pulled his oars ii., J the boat and let it go where it liked, and went and sat down beside her and, putting his arm round her waist, kissed her again and yet again. * * * . * In due time their patience had its re- ward, and George ana Marion, secure iii each other's love, as man and wife, for- got the dark days when Joe Glover's shadow darkened both their lives. 