BEHIND- A- VEIL. BY MBS. C. N. WILLIAMSON. chapter ix.— a folded paper. Tristram stood dazed, unbelieving, staring into blankncss. She had made no sound In going, this girl lie had como to save; yet she had gone, softly as a white nlghtmoth flits through dusky spaces from one floivor to another. She had gone out and loft hint there waiting for what she knew would never come. Tlio thought stabbed him. thornlike, but he plucked it out before it had drawn heart's blood. She could not have done it. How had he wronged her sweetness by an instant'6 credence of a thing so false? She had gone indeed, huL not of her own freo will. There, were mystery and falsenres lurking in tlio shadows, bttl tho falseness was not Mary Desmond's, he would stake his life. With a strldo ho was at the door fumbling tho latch. Thero was no lock, neither ltcy nor holt, yot the door held fast, and for all his pulling would not open. Wild words sprang to Tristram's Hps as ho lighted match after match, quelling tlio darkness, hut finding no cluo to tho mystery, no hopo of exit, On Mary's little bed lay a small heap of crum bled mortar; beside the pile tho three, iron bars she had taken from his hands, were placed neatly together as by a nice instinct acted upon mechani cally. The fourth rod, which lie had thrown in later, was at a distance. Ho seized up ono and strove to thrust It under the door like a lover. But tho iron was blunt at the end and there was not the eighth of an Inch space be tween the oak and stone, neither was tiiero room for a child's linger to slip in belween tho door and Its frame. With the rod uplifted for a blow upon tho panel, Tristram stayed his hand. So heavy was tho door of ancient oak — old as the convent — that ho saw tho impossibility of breaking it with so mean a weapon. Ho could make a noise, and there was little more that he could do. For Heaven's sake, then, let him control hlmsolf, and think what was best to bo done, beforo ho ruined everything with some mad piece of raBhness. Ho knew that Mary had been afraid, that she had dreaded the ordoai she had to face, that sho had trembled at thought of tho rope ladder, and tho preciplco sho must overhang in tho windy darkness. Was It possible that at the last her courage had failed, and, scarcely realising what she did, she had run away rather than tell him that sho dared not go? He recalled the moment when his hands had clasped tho elimnes3 of her waist In tbc loose garment of serge. He had felt the wild plunging of her heart against her 6lde; then she had slip ped from him begging tlmo to find her veil. Ho had heard Iter sandalled feet on tho stones, tho soft rustle of her gown, that faint ejaculation which had hardly been a cry and — nothing more, not another sound. It did not seem that she could so noiselessly havo been stolen away, save by a ghost; and even In the Convent of the Sacred Island there wore no ghosts without bodies. It began to seem possible to Tristram that, too frightened to be in full possession of her senses. Mary had run from the crisis ot her fate, barring the door on the outside against lb— and him. It this were true, and he should beat upon the door with tho Iron bar, calling her name, and demanding to be released, tho noise would do Mary's causa more harm than good. If he could break through the panels and so reach her In tho end It would be a different story. But strong man as ho was. there was no chance of that; and If she had been spirited away all the shouting In tho world would not mako tlio conspirators unbar the door for him. Tristram was a man quick to decide, keenly ready to act when a decision was made; but for' onee he was at a loss, baffled, desperate. Which ever way his mind, turned ho seemed only to faco a blank wall. To go and leave Mary unfriended, unprotected In this grim place, was hardly to be contemplated. To stay in her cell, into which ho had broken with violence, was equally impossible. Suddenly, as he tossed drowning In the black sea-trough of his own doubts, there was a sound on the other side of the door. "Go, I beg you to go," a voice whispered closo to the. thick, panel. so low, so muffled was the tone, Tristram could not tell from the sound of It whether it were Mary's voice or no. But reason said it must ho hers, bidding him- do what, In tho light of events unknown to him, was best for her interest. The command was enough. For a dozen reasons —each one lor Mary's sake— lie must not stop to question. Thankful at least to feel that so lar ato was safe, though hi3 heart was cold with failure, he sprang to the window, crawled out as he had come, and slid down the rope, with no attempt to use it as a ladder. . Thero was no means of unhooking it from the window above as he stood on the ledge of rock. The ladder must bo left, and wbon Mary returned to her cell she could drag It through tho window aud hide It under bcr mattress on the bed. The bars might even bo put hack temporarily Into their places, if the girl thought of doing so. In such a way that their disarrangement ueed not be detected by a casual glance. Mary Desmond was a clever girl, with plenty of spirit and resource, he was sure, whon her brain was In Its normal condition; and he credited her with the presence of mind to do all that was necessary when het mysterious absence from the cell was ended. Per haps she had suddenly remembered some offlco at which she must be present in the chapel, at the very hour when he had been bent on her escape, aiul had rushed away rather than be summoned, locking 'tlie cell door lest he should- ruin all by The sofution seemed the least improbable of any that had occurred to him, and, building on It as much as ho dared, he thought with renewed hope ot the future. Somehow, all would yet come right. Mary would disarm suspicion, and she would he expecting him again — at a niore favor able time. There was still something to livo for, and Tristram began cautiously to descend tho steep, slippery rocks, which only an Englishman would have dreamt of attemptiug. lie was threo times as long in getting down as he had been In climbing up, but at last ho was at tlie bottom, near the place whore he liad left his Under tlio seat In the stern was the disguise ho had brought for Mary, only a peasant's dress, common in tho district. But she was to have worn It; therefore, in Tristram's eyes, It was al ready a thing to bo treasured. He touched tho bundle caressingly with his hand, aud Tor tho second time In many years tears smarted on his eyelids lie did not go back to the village, but remained for the night on the lake within sight of Mary s window. Sho might bo able to return to her cell, and, expecting him to be within call, make somo signal. He was determined not to miss tho smallest cltanoe. lest through tho years to come ho might be forced to bear the shame of having been absent when lio was needed. All night long ho watched tho convent; but the great bulk of the building, which cut a black , irregular wedge out of tlie purple sky, was dark, without a single flit ting firefly of light behind a grated window. The little waves lapped sleepily against the rooks, tho chureli tolled out hour after hour; tho air was sweet after tho spring rain, and a fragrance of apple blossoms In distant orchards blew across the water. Tho scene breathed, peace and holi ness. Thero was no hint ot tragedy anywhere. By-antl-bye the. early dawn camo, with a .light that might have been reflected from all the wild pink roses 011 earth, sltiniug in th.o east. The bells rang out. It was time for matins. The nuns were slngtus in tho convent church; high aourauo voices tossed ltke spray above rolling waves ot music from the organ. It Tristram had not seen Mary's window empty of its bars, ho would havo hardly have been able to bollevo that last night was more than a dream. But In the darkness, his rope ladder had been removed- he could only hope by Mary. Ho waited till leng past the hour whon ho had seen tlie white-robecl novice appear at the window before, after matins; but she did not come again, and when he was sure that tho daily round of tasks in tho convent made it too lato for him to hope more until after nightfall, he went away. He was restless and miserable throughout tho day, hoping ouly for what might happen at night. But In tho evening. Just when dusk had spread grey dove-wings over tho world, ho was told that Father Ilelurieh wished to see him. Tristram had the ono private sitting-room which tho inn at Loux afforded. He did not know thai Princess Falconborg had sat there warming her beautiful hands at the flro and waiting for Father Augustln to come back from the Sacrcil Island after leaving Mary behind him. Now, wondering what had brought the village priest uninvited, h.e aslccd that Father Heinrich should be shown into this room. The old man was of a fresh, ruddy counten ance, with bright eyes auu a kindly smile; but to-day I10 wore no smile and his eyes were grave. Only two nights before, when Tristram had > been assiduously cultivating his friendship for a purpose, tho good prlost bad dined in this very room, laughing much in his guileless fashion, felling amusing anecdotes, and listening with almost childlike Interest to others in return. But now he spoko softly, with evident restraint, and before beginning he had looked to sec if the door were fast shut. "I come on n mission, sir," he said, and paused. "I am glad to Bee yott, Father Heinrich," Tristram nnswered, truthfully. Still the old man's manner did not unbend, and he shook his tonsured head at the clmlr ho wus invited to take. "i have a tnessnge for you of a very delicate and important nature," he went on. "It is from th.e Convent of the Sacred Island." (To be continued.) 