THE PROPOSED NEW DIOCESE. PASTORAL BY THE BISHOP OF MEIr BOURNE. "; Tlic views of the Bishop of Melbourne upon the- proposed new diocese hiive been embodied in a pastoral letter. The letter was read throughout the churches of the dis trict yesterday. After conveying the /cus tomary Episcopal greeting, the letter f pro ceeds as .follows:—"I address you wit h all earnestness touching the most, important subject which lias called fur the attention of churchmen in Victcria since the formation ol' the diocese of Ballarat 25 years ago. Lei, me lirst remind you of the sentiments ex pressed by Bishop Perry and Archdeacon Stretch when the Diocese of Ballarat was about, to be formed. At an influential coun cil. held at Ballarat, Archdeacon Stretch said:—'I do not hesitate to say that the true and permanent interests of the. church in our land are bound up in the extension of the Episcopate, and 1 am confident that the appointment of a Bishop of Ballarat will do more for the general efficiency and pros perity of the church in this district than any other steps which can be taken.' Ou another occasion Bishop Perry said:—T heartily join with you in the desire that I may live to seo an extension of the • Episcopate in the colony. It is my earnest wish that_l may see founded, not only a Bishopric of Ballarat, but one of Sandhurst also, and both held by men of God, full of the Holy Ghost and of power.' It is well known that Bishop lloor house earnestly advocated the formation of a third diocese. It is now li early nine years since Bishop Perry was gathered to his fathers. How would he have rejoiced to learn that the Church Assembly, of which he was the founder, had passed an Act to create a new diocese in the colony of Victoria, and to provide for the appointment of the ilirst bishop thereof, and the. maintenance of the sec! And not only so, but the bill was agreed to by a large majority of the repre sentatives (clerical and lay) of the tv.-o northern archdeaconries. 1 desire to com mend this project to your .sympathy, your prayers and your co- operation. The ad dresses delivered during the Chinch Assem bly in 189!), and in the present year, must have satisfied every true churchman that the archdeaconries of ' Sandhurst and Beech worth need more constant episcopal over sight than they receive at present. Confir mations ought to be more frequent and con firmees more numerous. The church ill Ben digo, with its large population, would be greatly strengthened if there wore a bishop m residence there. A comparatively young and energetic, bishop, such as I trust you will obtain, would-gather round him a band of zealous workers, both clergy and laymen; new life would be infused into every de ment of church activity, and spread throughout the new diocese. On the other hand, the Bishop of Melbourne, relieved of so large a portion of his present diocese, would be enabled to devote far more time to the Archdeaconry of Melbourne and Geelong. and ihat of Gippslaml. Such being niy vi"ws, 1 appeal for your generous aid in raising the needed funds for the endowment of the new see. All of you can do some thing, espetially if the spirit of self-denial bo exercised. Speak of it to your friends and neighbors as a Work of God, and for the extension of Ilis Kingdom in this colony. Where circumstances allow it, devotional meetings might he held at convenient centres from time to time, under the direction of the minister, to intercede with God for Ilis blessing upon the effort now to he put forth. Let every member of the church in his or her own secret prayers bring this ur gent matter -before the throne of the hea venly grace. The hearts of all men are un der God's rule and governance, lie can in cline the hearts of those to whom He has entrusted the silver and the gold to devise liberal things for the extension of Ilis church. You are doubtless aware that the appointment of the future bishop of the new diocese will rest with a board of electors. What love, what zeal, what devotion, what wisdom, will be needed by him who shall bo chosen to the oilice of bishop! Let me. therefore, entreat your prayers in behalf of the board, that they may be guided to the choice of one who shall prove a faithful and true pastor of the flock of Christ. One word, in conclusion, as to myself: As bishop of the undivided diocese, I have for the last lo years gone in and out among the residents of the two northern archdeaconries, confirm ing their children, opening their churches, .speaking at their public meetings, and per forming such other acts as were suitable for the bishop to execute. On these occasions Mrs. Goe and myself have always received unbounded kindness and hospitality. We liave made many friends among both clergy and laity. The thought of being no longer officially connected with so warm-hearted a people is painful. But T am fully persuaded' that the best interests of the church require that this severance should be made; and I trust that my kind friends in the north will regard it; in 'the same light. (Signed) F. F. MELBOURNE." (To the Editor of tho "Advertiser.") —Owing to absence from home, I have been unable to reply to Sir. Hands, lie is mis taken, as also is the bishop, in attributing to mo the saying, "That tho members of assembly did not know anything about the bill." Those pre sent at the meeting know that I referred only to those lav representative^ from tho country, who, after * their return from tho assembly, showed by their answers to questions seeking for information, and by the wrong impressions brought away by them, that thoy had an in complete knowledge of the facts of the case. L don't blame them for that. I, along with many others, have had great difficulty in securing essential facts connected with the ease, and many lay representatives evidently have ex perienced the same difficulty. Mr. Hands con cedes all that we plead when he confesses that we have been dealt unfairly v.'ith in regard to the financial scheme. From the expressions in his letter, he seems to bo entirely at one with us in our contentions. The bishop, in his second paragraph, says that I, in maintaining that wo have no real power of veto, owing to tho fact that we are represented by Melbourne men to the extent of about half our number of lay representatives, forget that the clerical representatives to the number of 5-1 are not Melbourne* men. But I was not speaking of a veto by clerical and lay representatives together, but of the veto by lay represcntatives alone, to which Canon Godby referred when he stated, "If the whole of the representatives of cither part of 'he dio cese, or the lay or clerical division of cither part is dissatisfied, the scheme will be rejecied." I know little about the attitude of the clerical representatives, or their reasons for accepting the bill, ^but 1 still maintain that with the lay representation we have, and with tho feeling in favor of the bill prevailing in Melbourne, wo have no ef fective prospect of blocking it by veto. : The third referenco by the bishop to my remarks refers to a matter upon which little stress was laid. \Ye think the minimum for the bishop's salary is placed too low, and that ' in practice a very much larger amour t than _-£S00 will be required if he is to do his work efficiently. At the .same time, we do not like to see thai sum earmarked, when under easily conceivable circumstance's its pa} ment may reduce "the stipend* of the already underpaid clergy," to quote the archdeacon's words. The- "bi?hop in his let tor, ha:, I regret t<> «ay. gioatly disappointed us by leaving all the points to which wo raise objections practically untouched I shall state them shortly:—The proposed division of t-h»* assets of tiu> Duce^e of Melbourne, nf which v.-<," arc :it prc--t;nf p:tri owners, is not, a fair one. If seems to us tliat this is not a. qiU'-'f ion of wliut Melbourne. ran afford t«. {five <ir Bendigo lie willing to take, hut a simple dissolution of partnership and an ap portionment of property, and the latter sho.iU! 1)3 shar-xl according to the valuation of experts, eaeli portion of the divided diocese receiving- its just share. Mr. Hands admirably states our case wl'ien he ?ays, "My fooling from the first has betn that 1 he whole estate should have been valued, 'and our rightful share allotted fo us, including any portion hold in trust for other new dioceses, until" these funds were Required. 2\. The 20 per cent, of the money collected for the Bishop of Melbourne's Fuiid, although esti mated to come to <£G50, may roallv bring in no. tl.ingr, as Canon Clodby himself confesses, be causo the ]>eople in Melbourne may not see the force of subscribing to keep up churches in a different clioecse. Instead of that provision, we. wish to sco the sum made a fixed one, irrespec tive of a percentage. If Melbourne cannot af ford to do this, tiltn wo say, "Let us wait till belter times." 3. The promise made by Canon Godbv, and understood by those who heard him in the Town Hali last year, that the newWioeese would not start its functions until £10,000 extra endowment had been raised, has not boon, fulfilled in the bill. As now framed, the bishop may, whenever ho thinks the endowment adequate, and has obtained the consent of the northern representatives, pur. rni* scheme into operation. There are other unsatis factory financial details of smallor importance, which I will not treat of at present. :So far from St. Paul's Church treating the subject in a narrow parochial spirit, it has not brought to the front those phases which affect it indi vidually, and it has taken what stops it could to havo the matters I havo mentioned brought under tlio notice of the assembly. At' a meet ing of the congregation held a week before the assembly the, bill was discussed, and tho lay representatives were instructed to opposo the bill unless substantial amendments were made. At a vestry meeting the same views wero cx pressed, and b'oth the archdeacon and itho re presentatives were spoken to 011 the imattor.', Onlv two out oE our three representatives at tended tho, assembly, and none .of.thqm re mainod . for, the second . week. .The t\i-o who went down" voted for the bill,-aii(l;asv far as St. Paul's 'cp^gr.egation -is conrerrtiSd," it }g stilL ignorant of tho reasons which induced them' to do so. ' ' . ' ' ' "St. Paul's may justly claim to be heard. It is tho largest 'arid'most-influential church in thcr northern parts, and contributes about twice as niticli to church . purposes as any other' church in the part proposed to bo cut off. It also stands to lope more than any other. Its curate will be taken away, and its incumbent will 110 longer be archdcncon. It will feel bound, what ever olne happens, to make up to Archdeacon MacCullagh what I10 loses bv loss of oflieo. I do not wi-li to say one word of what (lie clis trict and tlio north owes to the archdeacon, or how it respects and reverences him, simply be cause we aro trying to rise above narrow parochialism. But party fooling, arising out of local matters, might at any moment bo im ported into the discussion, and a violent: an tagonism bo aroused. Wo hope that the .visit of tho bishop and his colleagues will do all the good .that ,19 expected, and that some basis may i-be" found upon which all can work amimiblv t9gcthoi*; -Yours, etc. : .. J. GLEN QLIPHATsT. , 