Valedictory Gathering. FAREWELLING MR. GUS. J. WYNES. A number of friends and well-wishers of Mr. G. J. Wynes, who has occupied the position of assistant in Mr. G. P. Smith's Emporium for some years, and who is leaving the town to enter the Railway Service with a view of bet tering himself, assembled in the Agricultural fiall on Friday evening to bid him good-bye, and to show their regard and esteem towards him. There were between 30 and 40 repre sentative residents of the town present, and Mr. L. DeGaris, J.P., presided over the gathering. Mr. Wynes's daily occupation has brought him in constant contact with most of the residents of Narracoorte, and the public generally, and his obliging and courteous dis position and genial manners have made him a general favorite. It was thought, therefore, that it would be unfitting to let him depart without in some slight way recognising his estimable qualities. As Gus. only received but short notice to depart, the time for ar ranging a send-off was limited. During the day two young residents of the town went around and collected a sufficient sum to make up a purse of 11 sovereigns, and this was pre sented to him at the gathering in the evening. The proceedings commenced with a piano forte selection by Mr. D. Caldwell. The Chairman said they had met to say good-bye to Mr. G. J. Wynes. He had to apologise for the absence of Mr. F. Attiwill, who was unable to be present, but who was one with them in the object they had in view. Aesthey were aware, their young friend, Gaius James Wynes, better known to them as Gus—obliging Gus, courteous Gas—was going to leave them. He said that meaningly, be cause Gus had filled his position well, and was always ready to do his best for everybody who came in contact with him. He was an ex emplary young man, always obliging, courte ous and willing to please, and as a proof that those good qualities had been appreciated, in a very short time, and without notice a sub stantial sum bad been raised, not subscribed by one or two, for some could have been found who would have willingly given the whole sum, if needed; but to mark their appreciation of their young friend over 80 townsmen had not only given, but they had given willingly, and they who gave willingly gave twice. Kindly and encouraging words had been heard also on every hand about their friend, and Gus's well-wishers had marked their good will with good coin. He felt sure that the spirit that had prompted the small gift would be prized by their guest and his dear relatives, and he trusted that it would prove in some way an incentive to other young men to go and do likewise. Should Gus come back to Narraooorte he felt sure that he would be re ceived with open arms. . He would now ask for a few songs and speeches. Mr. W. F. Loutit thought they should not let Mr. Wynes go away without saying good bye. Since he had been in Mr. Smith's em ployment everyone knew that he had always been ready, willing, and obliging; in fact, he appeared to be part of the emporium. At the same time Gus had not taken upon himself anything that would make one think that he was the proprietor, for he was always un assuming, though courteous. In fifty different ways he had received kindnesses from Gus, and he wished him God speed and success wherever he might be. He hoped that where he was going he would be found as ready and obliging and as hard-working a servant as he had been for Mr. Smith. Mr. G. J. Smith said that he had known Gus for the past five years, and he had been a lesson to himself in courtesy and obligement. One good striking point about him was his unchangeable demeanour to the public. He served all alike, from the penny customer to the £10 customer, and if he carried out the same rule in the position he was about to take up he would make his mark in the public service. He welcomed Gus to the ranks of the Railway Service, and he was sure if he followed the same principles that he had in the emporium he would be a success. For a while there would be something missing at the emporium, and it would not seem the same place for, like the proprietor, Gus had also been an advertisement for the establishment. It would be like the play of Hamlet without the ghost for a while; He congratulated Gus on entering the Railway Service for he believed it was a Service in which he would get on, and if he exercised the same courtesy and paid the same attention to business as he had at the emporium be felt sure he would advance in the ranks. He wished him every success in his new sphere of life. Mr. L. O. W. Wiloken said he was pleased to hear that Gus was held in such high esteem, and be could add that all that had been said about him was well deserved, He had been a constant customer of his, and he had often felt sorry for him in his arduous task that he had to perform every day of carrying away his heavy load of newspapers and distributing them to the public with unvarying regularity. He hoped Gus would be a success in the Rail way Department. He had noticed that in business he had always studied alike the interests of his employer as well as the interests of the public, and he hoped the day would come when they would welcome him back to take the position of Station Master or Traffic Superintendent, if he did not attain the post of Railway Commissioner, Mr W. Shoebridge was sorry Gus was going away, He had known him for a long time, and had been associated with him almost every day,and he had proved himself well worthy of the esteem in whioh he was held. He had been courteous, obliging, and affable in busi ness, and if he followed in the same lines in the future as he bad in the past he felt sure that he would make his mark. He was sure Mr. Smith would feel his loss greatly. He wished their guest God-speed and succees. Mr. H. Manton said he had been trying to see if he could say something different to what the other speakers had said, but he had found he could not. He did not recollect any fault in Gus, and his long experience of him for 13 years had proved him to be a model young man. Gus seemed to always have a motto in life, and was trying to make the best of it, and it was the want of an aim in life that had often proved the mistake in the lives of many young men. Mr. T. A. Kingdon wished to add his vote of praise to the good qualities of their guest. He had always found Mr. Wynes courteous and obliging, and he had been on different sports' committees with which he had been connected, and he found him an agreeable and willing worker. He wished him every sucoess in life. Mr. G. P. Smith said he hardly knew how to start. He was extremely pleased to hear the flattering remarks that had been made about Gus by the previous speakers. When he got Gus six years ago he saw be had the good raw material whioh only wanted knocking into shape, and Gus had readily picked up. When Gus had told him some months ago that he was leaving he must confess that it knocked him clean off his feet for the time, but things went on and he heard no more, and Gus had stuck to him and he stuck to Gus. He had at last, however, received his appointment on the rail way and was going away. Gus had had the management of his shop at times, and he could go away from the shop and leave him in charge of a big stock and loose money, with the feeling that everything was right. He had never known Gus to be five minutes late in opening the shop in the mornings, and that in itself was a recommendation. In punctuality and honesty, the two great things necessary to success in business, Gus was par excellence. He was courteous 'and obliging and had treated all alike, both the boys and the girls. Several ladies had said to him during the day that they had heard they were going to give Gus a send-off, and it was a shame, to confine it to the gentleman only, but be had told them he had not the arranging of the gathering. He wished Gus well when he took his new ap pointment, and he felt sure that he would work his way to the top of the ladder. If he did not succeed Gus knew that if he applied to him at any time he would always do his best for him. They had known how Gus had treated him in business. His Wednesday half holiday had always been broken, and he had always came back to work when asked without a murmur. The Chairman said that it was customary at funerals and at the grave to put flowers on the coffins of the departed ones. That night they were not going to do that, but they were spreading flowers on the pathway of a friend. It was a good thing and the right thing to do, and he bad much pleasure in asking Gus to accept what he would call a bouquet as a mark of their appreciation and good friendship towards him. (The Chairman here handed Mr. Wynes a purse of sovereigns). He hoped it would encourage him to still keep on and do better, to do even better in the future than he had in the past. He would say to him in the words that were uttered to a great speaker after he had addressed a crowded meeting in a great hall, "That and better will do, but worse never." His wish towards him was that he would always fare well in whatever station in life he might be called upon to fill, and he felt sure that he would meet with success. Mr. G. J. Wynes said that the whole affair had come as a great surprise to him. To express his feelings in words would be im possible. He thanked them for the kind remarks that had been made, but he hardly knew if be deserved them all. He was going away with the hope of bettering himself in life. All the time he had been with Mr. Smith they had got on well together, and had had very few cross words. He would look back with pleasure on the enjoyable evening he had spent on his last night in Narraooorte and would feel that he had many true friends here. The speeches were interspersed with songs and recitations. The following songs were contributed:—"The Vacant Chair," Mr. G. J. Smith; " Dreaming of Home" and " The Spanish Cavalier," Mr. W. Shoebridge; ' The Fire Brigade" and "Soldiers of the Queen,' Mr. G. Francis ; "Sons of the Sea," Mr. L. A. DeGaris; "There's a Tavern in the Town," Mr. R. G. Glen; " The Old Rustic Bridge by the Mill," Mr. T. A. Kingdon; "Poor Old Joe,"Mr.G.P. Smith. Mr.L.A. DeGaris recited " Faithful Lovers," Mr. A. Brownlees "The Alarm," and Mr. A. Campbell "The Farmer's Turkey." An enjoyable gathering was concluded with the singing of " Auld Lang Syne" and " God Save the Queen," supplemented by the strains of "He's a Jolly Good Fellow." Mr. D. Caldwell presided at the piano. Mr. Wynes left for Adelaide per Saturday morning's train and will enter the Traffic Department of the Railway Service. 