THE TBAMP. T last we have (says the 'Pall a ? j^-gr- Mall Gazette') what seemed im L rvLu Jt Possible this year, a book, nei V* JPmm\ -ther fiction nor war-book, that \f jB^ 'wil* keep ererv reader's atten jj 1&\- ™ tion chained down from page 1 !( *v2 to Page S98, and set his tongue jU*fcC going about it afterwards. A 5-i«P5\^ masterly and vivid description, from inside observation, of a strange race rarely fails to tell; how much less can it do sq when the practically unknown tribe lives amons (and upon) the very English-speaking public to whom tne dook is tu dressed. Mr. Flynt has studied the tramp far more intimately even than the special correspon dent whose experiences on the road and m tn,e casual ward were published in our columns a year or two ago. For more than ten years he has known the American tramp, travelling and beg ging -with, him for months on end, taken by him for a brother 'hobo/* and recognised everywhere in Hoboland as 'Chicago Cigarette,' and he has rounded off his experience by tramping in Russia, Germany, and Great Britain. His book deserves to. become a classic, both as immensely good reading and as invaluable material for the socio logist and reformer. . The tramp, he insists, is not a criminal; he is either a 'discouraged' one, who has found that crime does not pay, or a man without the energy or ambition to be one. But a short summary of Mr. Flynt's chapter on the criminal will show his value as a practical investigator. The crimino logist, he maintains, commonly gets quite off the track,' because he can only study his specimens in captivity, and thus often mistakes the effects of prison life for natural traits, or is humbugged by the criminal himself, either from 'cussedness' or from cunning. The subject, for .instance, poses as ignorant, even of the alphabet, because in many prisons progress in education secures good-conduct privileges. Mr. Flynt has studied him 'in the open,' and testifies that, as a rule, he is neither a candidate for an asylum rather than for punishment, as many worthy people hold, nor in any sense a degenerate. He is what he is deliberately, fully realising the nature of his acts and carefully balancing his probable terms of confinement against his 'vacations.' He does not practise crime to stave off starvation, but because he wishes for luxuries and wealth. And, far ftvm being a degenerate, he is physically sound and strong, with nothing in his appearance to distinguish him from anybody else until he acquires the prison look which comes to detec tives also; mentally he is the strongest- willed and amitAst of his class, until 'the shivers.' a mor bid, paralysing dread of detection, overtakes him; and morally he is quite responsible. He reasons out his own code — war against ' society, the loser to pay, but honor among thieves. He feels the keenest remorse if he splits upon a 'pal,' he will share his last meal with one, he hates to rob the poor, to take life, or to see a man of higher class sink to his level. And the only way to cure him. is to 'discourage' him. No limited review can do justice to the intense interest of Mr. Flynt's pictures of Trampdom. Take his account of the deliberate catching of boys by adult tramps. ''The tramp strolls into a town, gathers a knot of boys and fascinates them with 'ghost stories,' tales of the life he sees on his wanderings. Soon he has completely 'petrified' the particular lad he wants, and the youngster goes off with him, to become a 'prus- hun,' the slave of his 'jocker,' and, when he has grown up, to get quits by beguiling some other boy s»nd becoming a 'jocker' in his turn. This appears to be confined to America, as is the strange 'railroad fever' which seizes many boys, and sends them travelling about the country on freight- trains to see the world. There are de cent-looking boys who appear on the trains chronically, when the fit is due; and many, of course, become regular tramps. Mr. Flynt offers no theory of the exclusive Americanism of these features. Probably tbe vastness of their coun try, the possibility of seeing so much, on a train, influence the boys' minds, just as English boys naturally run away to sea. Mr. Flynt describes in lively detail the pecu liarities and possibilities from a tramp's stand point of almost every district of the United States. In Canada, where he is mostly French Canadian or Indian, the tramp is a slow, spirit less vagrant. The western tramp is a wilder variety than the eastern, while the ' peculiarity of the south is that 'shinies' (nigger tramps) and white 'hoboes' keep apart, not from racial hatred, but because association does not pay com mercially. But the most interesting division is that according to caste. Lowe_t of all is the 'tomato-can vag,' a miserable creature who lives on the pickings of offal and sleeps in slopbar rels. Above him we rise from the 'two-cent dosser' by gradations to the 'lodgin'-house gang.' The aristocrat is the 'hobo' proper, the genuine professional, who despises alike the 'gay-cat' (the man who will work if it is made worth his while) and the 'poke-out' beggar, who win oe content with cold victuals handed out from a back door. The truo hobo insists upon his 'set-downs,' three square meals a day and hot at that; meat and potatoes, 'piink'n' plaster' ' (bread and butter), pudding, and three cups of coffee for dinner, and breakfast and supper to i match. He also insists upon having decent clothes to wear, finding that they pay. How he gets all these things, thanks to his own in- j genuity and the simple kindliness of the public j from which he begs, Mr. Flynt reveals in many I an amusing story. No space can be spared here for his extraor- 1 dinary account of the organised tramp-life of ; Russia. As to Germany also we can only note the surprising fact that, while the' German tramp is selfish towards his fellows, the German pub lic are even more foolishly generous than the American; and 'that the German for 'tramp,' characteristically, is ehaussecgrabentapezirer (highway- ditches-upholsterer). Mr. Flynt does not think much of our British tramps; they in clude a few genuine hoboes, but the mass is so ragged and miserable that it discredits all, and most of them are, perhaps, not absolutely sane. We are not so generous to tramps as Americans are; but our error is that officially we are too lenient with them. We do not discourage them enough. -America remains the real hoboland, and the railway is the secret. Story after story is here told of the long journeys which the hoboes make, in the box-cars of freight- trains or on the trucks between the floor and the wheels of a Pullman. Truck-riding, so close to the ground with gravel and stones flying up, needs skill and pluck; but the box-car is easy enough, thanks to the com placence of the brakesmen, who either collect small fees from the unauthorised passengers, or become very friendly and allow them to ride free. Mr. Flynt shows how one i:ne has killed off this business, which defrauds the American railways of six million dollars annually, and shows that it is the railroad companies which, by following that example, «an really discourage the tramps. For it is the railways, with their fascination and their convenience of transit to the towns where tramps foregather, that do most to make and encourage them. 