THE LADIES' COLUMN. HOI WEATHER RULES. OPINIONS OF DB. GBESBWELL. When ihe mercury rises in the thermo- meter to a hundred and «dd, and the baked Australian mops his perspiring brow as he sighs, too often vainly, for a sea breeze, it is essential that he should know what to eat, drink, and wear, su that the ill-effects of tho heat ehall be at least mitigated.- To place him in possession of that knowledge say, the Melbourne Herald, we have interviewed Dr. Gresswell, tho chairman of the Board of Public Health, and the opinions of an authority on health questions, which we are able to give, should prove valuable. " What to eat, drink, and to wear, how to avoid sun-stroke and heat-stroke, and what to do in the event of either being sustained?-It's rather a largo order for the compass of a short newspaper article." And the doctor smiled. " But, perhaps, we can manage it by condensing vigorous- ly," he continued, "so, to begin, I should say, generally, " be moderate in all things,' and extremely' moderate in the use of alcoholic drinks, that is the roost important point of aH, and/desorves * line "Co itself in capital' íatítícg.^. Tjfcere should be ño excesses of^any" sort. Anything that enervates or reduces the system is.sure.to be a source of additional risk to a person in a hot climate and exposed to the direct rays of the sun. Then with moderation in ali things, should come regularity in all things-regularity in work, meals, exercise, and sleep. Moderation and regularity must be practised rigorously if a healthy tone of the system is to bo maintained. CLOTHING. I "Leaving the general principles which must be observed, and coming to details, we will put clothes on our model summer man. First, he shonld wear - flannel next the skin, not the thick irritating flannel sometimes to be seen in our shops, but lighter merino, with a small percentage of cotton with it. His outer clothing should be "white, and, of course, light, and for the protection of the delicate organism of the abdomen, he. should wear a cummerbund, or drawers, which will overlap his flannel shirt in that region. His head gear should be a white helmet of bamboo wicker (which is the best), or cork. The helmet should be roomy in the roof to permit of proper ventilation, and it should come well down all round in the brim, but par- i ticularly at the back and front- over tho nape of the neck and tiie eyes. DRINKS. " In the matter of drinks, abstinence from alcohol as far os practicable is . the chief point. Nothing is so bad as the alcoholic 'peg,' which, though it may create pleasurable excitement, is only tem- porary in its action, and, leading to another and another, inevitably undermines the digestive and nervous systems, which are the two systems that it is essential should be kept in vigour and good tone. Again, alcoholic abuse leads to the destruction of natural sleep in the natural time, which is night, and as sleep is one of the most important requisites for the maintenance of health, and at the same time is most difficult . to obtain in summer, that is another and excellent reason for extreme" moderation in the use of alcohol. For those who take alcohol, claret cup is least injurious. Soda-water is a safe drink, but with any water care should be taken to see that it has been properly filtered. Micro-organisms, like snakes, arc most active, and their virulent properties are most marked in summer, therefore, proper nitration of all drinking water is essential. Tea (in moderation) is a good cooling beverage. FOOD. "As far as possible a vegetable diet should be chosen.' A certain amount of animal ' food. will, of course, bß found nece;siry, but it should be largely reduced ' in favour of vegetables. Bipe frnit is good, and. it is very important that the j midday meal should be a light one. Parr, j w,ho .lived to a great age, when asked the secret of his longevity, said, * Keep your head cool by_ temperance, your feet warm by exercise, rise carly-and go to bed soon, and if you are inclined to get fat, koep your eyes open and your mouth shut' That is excellent-advice neatly put. EXEECISE, ETC., " Exercise is essential to keep the 6kin active, and to keep up healthy action of the bowels. Biding and walking are the best kind of exercise. Cycling is good in extreme moderation, but the tendency to immoderation with thoso who cycle is marked particularly amongst the young. Lads may be seen any day as pule as ghost?, and gasping for breath, because of the exertion they have used to ride fast and overcome hills. Bathing is very ad- visable-in the tropics it is particularly resorted to for the building up of the systems of the children. Smoking-, which tends to pull down the action of the heart, should be only moderately indulged in at any time, but particularly in the summer. SON AND HEAT STROKES. "If the adrice already given ba followed, the danger of .sustaining sun and- heat strokes will be . much" minimised. '. Where any tendency to such strokes is noticed, frequent-recourse should bo had to cold douching- and to shampooing the head. When a stroke is sustained the patient should be removed to a cool and sheltered place, and cold water should be applied to the nape of the neck and tho head. Ice is extremely valuable for such application, but where ice cannot be obtained free use of the pump will do. Naturally, no time should be lost in obtaining the services of a medical man, but while waiting use cold water unsparingly. Let it be remembered that alcohol favours heat stroke. Let the people restrain their indulgence of it, and we will hear cf fewer cases, and will want I less cold water-and less ice*"'. 