THE QAKLEIGH GHOST. Bv A. AKNII1T, Author of '"Xiae Garden at Moniiholine/ &e.; 'ubH^hed by special arrangement Vsith tho " aatlur. AIL rights reserved.] Letter from Miss Connie Wharton to an intimate friend: "Dear Maggie-A most; dreadful thing has happened. Either we ha%'C got a ghost at Oakleigii, or .Nellie thinks we liave, whit'h is just as 'bad, or may be worse. "X told you that I was coming to Nel lie's for her birthday, iihe is my cousin, and an awfully mce girl, but rather spoilt, VOU. kuaw, 'because ='ue has 110 mother and uncle jusc adores her. However, lie can't yive way to her in everything, 'ihere was a young man whom she wanted to marry; i his name was ltandoiph Ciurney: he had very little money, and he had never settled down to anything, so uncle wouldn't hear of it. 'I'he young man went away to Ame rica or somewhere, and there w-s some sort of a promise not to correspond for two vears. I'm sure I thought that Nellie had "forgotten all about it, but it seems she hadn't. "You'll think that I am wandering from my point, from the ghost, in fact, but I'm not, for the young man is the ghost, which makes the matter so much more serious. "You know that there always has been talk of a ghost at Oakleigh, not a nice, permanent, comfortable one that you can get used to, but one of the must disagree able sort-a death-warning. "There is a very old. room in the house -gloomy-with oak panels, and all the ?properties' of such a place; and when a person belonging to the family was just dead or just going to die, he or she had the unpleasant habit of putting in an ap pearance in this room and saying some thing more or less-generally Jess-to the point. "We used to boast about this haunted room, but we none of us believed in it in the least. __ '"Well, 011 ISelly's birthday ever so many people were staying in the house, and Nelly went to sleep in this room, because it was rather out of the way and she wouldn't put anyone else in it." It's at the end or a long passage. She's slept there before and always said she liked it. But this night she was rather excited. She'd Copyright in the United States of America 'uv D. T. Pierce. had a good many presents, some of them anonvmous, and she fancied one nad come from Randolph, but she duln;t kno-n which. I expect this set her think.ng of him and dreaming of him. At any rate, she woke just as the clock struck tvvehe -a most unfortunate moment, and there iic was, at least his voice was-wishing her ".Twr&riSTt; T >,t . imm but she vows that it wasn't. She "^oke out of a dead sleep; she had a horrid little clock by her bedside that .startled her by striking 12, and as soon as that was done the voice spoke. She says it v.'as Ran dolph's voice, and nobody else s. "The room wasn't quite dark, because there was a nigh't-light burning m the bed side clock tlin-t ."he had received by parcel post that day-a most intricate little ma chine it was; we couldn't find out how to wind it up for a long time. I W1S'},'IV,® hadn't found out, because then it couldn t have awakened her by striking 1- 3Ust" VJ the middle of her dream. The worst or it is that she has dreamed it two nights run ning, only the ghost didn't say the .e?^?ne thins the second night, but something more intimate, some pet name that she -ays no one knew except her ana iian sav she dreamed it, but, as a mat ter of fact, she didn't; she must have faa -iod it instead, a much more serious tiling. I got her to sleep with me the second night, and thought, tne trouble was over, 'but I awo'ke in the dead o£ the nighutoiind I hat she had stolen away to moot her -host. Really T don t know that u i» voice3to°sp"ak\ga^;abut^tewonffn't^She said I was just too late. The clo.k suuck VJ and then the ghost spoke. "r trv to lauirh at her. but I don> like the thine one bit. She takes it so ?crl0"sl\'> and'declares that Kandolph must be dead. Fhe hasn't his address, so she cant ^rue to ask him-if he's alive, I mean. Ithmk uncle oueht to be toic. but ^eil.v ^on t let me speak to him. Sue begs me to for another night, because three is the fatal nJ"'-hVnd if I'm not afraid, and don't turn un the candles, perhaps he'll tell me more to-night,' she say?. So s.liy <?f her! iW ever, if she sleeps there again 1 -'cep there too. The ghost guar. t lia\e t. e game all to him=e!t any niore.^ All the visitors have gone away,, so tna. tlio-c i» no Tcason to use the norm room, o.n tne cliofl has bewitched her; she says that: it, really Ttandobui, and he s dead, .rhe?keeps. 011 s.iving that, and very unconuo. t.-hle a i=. i'li let you know to-morrow- wnra b« happened. yours affectionately, Connie V. harton needn't wiit until to-morrow. We have seen Randolph s death m the '.Tini"=." lie was on a steamer that \\\tnt down in a storm two nights ago :U>out midnight, just at- the time vhen !NeIi} first dreamt the voice, ion ma ne what phc- thinks now. l/lon_ l know m> self what to believe. uut l Jun.v that dead people ought to stay were tney are, and not to come worrying oth^r people \yh.->m thev pretend to he toad oi. And ^C'"S so incoherent too! V. hv ear. t they speak plainlv if they m"?t-speak at all. but I have told uncle-2selly was quite wih.ng -and he's bound to do something. Mr Wharton did something immediate ly He took bis daughter up to town that verv afternoon to >eo a specialist in net vou's diseases. X.elly s assurances and ex planations were thrown away upon him. As for the loss of the liner that was a mere coincidence. * . "She's been thinking of that feliow ana dreaminc of him. This happens, and she supposes ?he had a warning. She to M vou", did she, beforehand; That s no th in-. Girls arc always talking to one another of these things. Troiiope makes 'em do it, and Troiio;.e knew. J wish 1 d had the ghost of un idea-dear, dear, aear! I'm afraid to use the word ghost now. It's no use vou re talking, Connie, _ jhst get her ready and yourseif too. xouvc g0l to come. The very .-;ight and sound of a lot of mm folks walking about will do her good." , , So to London they -went, but the "rear man could not be seen until the iol Towins day. They slept at a London hotel, but it was very little s.eep that Xeily had. She fretted this time, because she couldn't bear the voice. _ , . , .'I-ie'll thiilk I've run away irom mm,' dte cotnpiaincd. , The s-ticcia'lisc though-: that hers was a distinct!",- nervous case. Change ot air and 5(;eric ,"rivoi society-these were to be re cormnended. .She only heard -the voice in tne one room? Quire so, quite ?o. ino limueiice of association or an expectant mood v. uuicl L>* sufiicieat. She'd better not go nack to that room, or if it was necessary to prove the illusion let somc- cody sleep with, nei ihere. He prescribed a nerve tonic, and invested a journey al>roa«l; _ Thev returned to 0;u:leiet\, <md^ -suij look no^e^icu a^am oi* me iiannt-efi room, Keiuon-,trances were useless, fc.ie wa» a» eager now to hear the voice as =ne lu.d before been afraid ct it. perhaps .-ne nei selx hardly knew wnetiier n «ns a rJiu or a vexation to her that Lonme^as to sha'-e her room. Connie did no: u.^e tne .idea at all when it c-ame to tne point. >f .'Xelly may hava got usea to gito.jt=, =he said to her uncle, "but 1 iia\en t. " "L pon my word, you don't mean to ^ ? hat vou believe there s a;ivthing in ... cried 'Mr. Wharton. . , . "I don't know. I hope therein t. du, the coinctaence was ocid, alter -a. ' .\nd the next mornmg Connie aeelaiej that there was soiaiething in u. . "She doevn t dream iv, . J1^,;ra ,d' t q.T voke speaks. That horrid clock 3aate=, and then it begins. ,;Oh"aHa°orts oi affectionate things, you and not a creature then-. "^o^hUiS in the clock. I wanted Vnllv to send the stupid thing away, but , J ; s know when 12 was near; fiVwallv it was better than being in the M%r Siiof ..M JIT. She T hoiTiOly v" 1 th-.- V \vas there to hear when he began ed ihai Lnl VnVte -Vnd she asked ques to be aiisction:1 t answer, but he tl(T>!Iv 'ms silent. So stupid *w " conirition -will ?oon be^enaed. and, ot JfAt ^'fbcen too much for you, he said. "T ouiht not to have got you to sleep in that room. I'vo.heara ot an epidemic ot illusions, and you ve caught thi». "You'd better try yourscli, she "h^eF" ed, flushing. "You'd probably catch, it t0"That'? just what I'll do," he £«]»«$; "but vou niusn't say a word to ^ellv till the last minute, or she'll alter something i" the room.and sav it was that. I have everything just as it i=. lhen 1II l0v.t myself in to-night, and you 11 take her to y0--Itiwonrt°satisty her if you hear r.oth: inrr" said Connie, "because the ghost isn't likely to apeak to you. "If the phosfs such a tool as you make liim out to "ne that's exactly what he -will do,'" said her uncle. , So Nelly, weeping and protesting n<riin=t "treacherv" and "cruelty, and SajinS: "mat ytil he think of ine?" was locked out of the haunted room that night. The next morning the squire's face -was a sight to see, for iw mingled expression of rage, insulted dignity, perplexity, and fright. "I sec," said Connie spitefully, "that you've caught the epidemic." "It's a trick, a trick! I'll pull every brick down to find how it's done." "So you heard the voice?" "The impudence of it," blustered the squire. "To pour out all that sentimental stuff upon me " "The ghost must have gone blind since the first night," said Connie. "Fancy not knowing the difference between you and Nelly!" "And tiien to talk of niv tyranny: and to ask if I remember-I should say if she remembers-getting mo to drive her half way _ to some private meeting-place they had in the wood." "Well, if it is a ghost, he is a fool," Con nie said, her calmness growing ivith her uncle's excitemcnt. "I don't believe she ever did such a thing, but I'll ask her," said Mr. Wharton. "T -wouldn't, if I were you," said Connie, with signiBcance. / Nevertheless, -he did, and Nelly did not show one moment's remorse or shame, ex cept for the fact of her "treachery" to Randolph in letting others hear his voice. "'Now you'll believe me," she said. "There's not a crc.iMsro in the world except myself and Randolph who knows about !hat. Oli. why did you turn me out of the room last night?" "If it's an epidemic, there's three of us git it now," said Connie, with more em phasis than grammar. "I wonder who'll take it next. Shall we send for Dr. Griggs, and see if he stands firm?" Rut Nelly turned proudly away. "I don't know how you can laugh at "lc'r - thing," she said, "when Randolph's dead." _ ; "Oil, my poor little girl," said her father, forgetting her faults: "1 wish he wasn't. Yon should marryjiim to-morrow." Another letter from Connie Wharton and its .sequel "Dear Maggie-When T last wrote to you we were in great trouble because we'd got j a ghost, now we're in rather worse, be cause the ghost has left -us. First he frightened us all by talking, and now he grieves us all by silencc. "I really don't know whether I am stand ing on my head or mv heels, nor what I believe and what I don't believe. "I told you how the ghost talked most unsuitably-to uncle in the middle of the night, and after that, uncle believed no more in Dr. Griggs. He had carpenters instead, and people of that sort, to poke round and take up boards. But they dis covered nothing. Nelly would sleep in that room, she didn't- sleep at all if we kept her out of it; and the ghost went on talk ing. She wouldn't even do without the ghostly clock, because after Randolph's death appeared in the papers a friend of his wrote to tell her that the clock had come from Randolph himself-that the friend had forwarded it for him on the right day. having received it beforehand. And I believe she got quite to rely on the clock to wake her up at the proper time, so that after two or three nights she would drop off to slc-ep and start up when it began to strike, and then, after a time, fall asleep again. What worried her, however, was the fact that the voice never answered her questions, but just'talked on to itself and then stopped. "I iit'lc was nearly crazy about it. but >>chy got to take it quite calmly after a few nights. Then the voice ceased alto gether. "And now she isn't to be consoled. She says the voice has been driven away be "wasn't allowed to hear it alone, ^he thinks she's hurt the ghost's feeimgs or something. t-ncle was so mad at his having been the victim of a delusion that he preferred to behove in spiritualism. We're had all sorts or mediums down here trying to ..om niunicate with tne other world. Some of t.iem failed; the rest shammed. Wo know \- shammed, bec-r,use Nelly said it wa?n t the right voice, and it didn't sav the ngnt things. "W e all knew that she was ready enough to believe. But she wa's-?,t 2°'n3 to be t?ken in, evidently. ^ "Then, uncle got another clue, aifd he oelieves its die right one. He has turned to tiie theosophists and been reading their books., and some of the theories fit ex actly .Major .South, who took tin Esoteric Juiddnism some years ago, has been to see "" and ne explains evervthine. It that quite natural-Randolph's greatest desire having been to see'Nelly again-that his frailer and more perishable part should haunt her vicinity and utter words o; affection. _ His higher identity has already-so I think I understand, but a good deal is. vague-passed on to loftier spheres. The disappearing of his voice means the gradual fading away of his earthly shell-not his 'body, that is quite different. The absence of attention on the ghost's part to what was said to 'him, the irre levancy oc jus own remarks, his indiffe rence to Nelly's entreaties, his idiotic blabbing of secrets-ail this is explicable when you conceive the visitation to be a mere vocal embodiment of last memories and lis: desires hovering round the per son who excited thc-m. I can't explain myself properly, but if you could "hear 7vinjor South, you would know how reason-1 able it sounds. I "Do I. believe it myself? I don't know; v.-hat I believe. But anything is better than supposing that I am oil my head and uncle is otf ius head, and Ne'iiy is of? her head, and we are going to remain so for the rest of our lives. "There is a kind of idea that if we go to Thibet, or some equally impossible place, and find a Hahatma, or some other equally impossible person-very old, very wise, very good-then we may get into communication with Randolph's real spirit. Nolly thinks this would be com forting, but I really don't know. "However, uncle is willing to go any where and to do everything to clear up the mystery; and I can't desert Nelly. "I do tiiink though, that if Randolph had been properly fond cf Nelly, he never -would have come haunting 'heir in this way. But she savs it was kind of him! "Your most distracted Connie." Having finished this epistle and dropped it in the letter-bo:-: in the hall, Connie put on her hat and sallied forth in search of a little fresh air. She thought it would clear her mind ot phantoms. And the first person she met after turnmg_a bend in the drive was the ghost himself. .She had not known Kandolph very well, but there was no mistaking him. He walked briskly, looked plump and in good health, and as soon as he perceived he lifted bis hat to her, smiling. She pinched herself to be sure that she was awake: then she looked up jit the sky and down at- tho ground'. No ghostly hour, no ghostly place this. '"Mr. Oiirnc-y. is it-you?" '"Nofcody else"-and he laughed joyously. 'You didiivt exneet to see me, did you?'' "Not here," *he murmured. "If it had been in Thibet!" "In Thibet? Is that a joke? Won't you shake hands with me?" "I don't know that 1-dare. Are you alive?" "Rather. Why -with sudden con sternation; "you don't mean to say that you paw the notice of my uncle's death, and thought it was me?" "We saw somebody's death, but whether it was your uncle's or not. I can't say. Then you weren't drowned?" "Not 1.1 hone Neliy never thought so for moment. If anything had happened i should have been sure to let her ; but, or course, I couldn't have in that case." "That's jusfc -what you did."' Connie cried wrath fully. '"'And what I want to know is why," when a man's uncle gets drowned, the" nephew's ghost comes and haunts people that the uncle inever knew." "Aren't von talking a little oddly? Is it a joke anyway? But I must go on to the house." .You'd better not! Suppose anyone v you! Do step out of the way into ^"OhMt's all right. The old gentleman I won't mind a bit. -My fortune is secured iv. He only objected because I was poor." , "I wasn't thinking of the old gentle man. It's Nelly 1 mind about. Consider Hie shock to her! She's fancied- you dead for ever so long, and when you know all thai'.--, happened finee ." '.You don't mean to say that she 5 got ensased to someone else? _-She's been rather in a hurry, I must say." "She's not likely to have encaged herseli to anvone else, with you coming and tail: intr to her (I'm sure I don't know liow von did it if you were dead, but its queerer if you're alive); coming in the most chostly manner, and calling her all soris o: p-'t names in the middle 01 the '"Randolph stared for a minute and then began to laugh. - "Oh, that's it, is it?' he said, '-bome body heard and got talking. Bus surely Nelly never told what I said.'' ..I-iow could she do anything else?" Con nie asked in growing indignation. ''Xn.s poor girl was frigfiTtc-necl out_ or her wits. She thought it was a Sign oi your death, And then" when we saw your name among the passengers drowned, that settled it. "Oh, I say, how dreadful! But >iel!y knew. There was the paper of directions how to wind up the machine.'* "What machine?" "T'he phonographic clock." "What? That horrid 'little beast ta.it always woke her at 1- o'clo-jk before the voice b n to speak?" "Of course it would. I thought 12 p.m. was a safe time tor it to Dejm-when shs was all alone, lhen she would know wuo it came from. Ami she could regulate tiie other utterances afterwards, according to directions." "L-I bc-gin to understand; though we round some paper oi directions, and I didn't- know tiiere was such a machine/' and Connie, forgetting _ her cousin's trouble, burst suddenly into a. peal ci laugh ter. "if you could 'have guessed,'- she said, "'when you said all those things into^ tnat machine who would listen to them! "But Nellv never would be so treacher ous-" Randolph began, getting quite red in the face. "The poor dear thing couldn't help it. We all thought that she was out of her mind, and turned her by force from the room, that we micht listen to the ghost our selves. Oh. "the lovely things you said to uncle! And the way you abused him to his face! And rhe seercts you blabbed about voui-sel: and Nellie! I wonder you dare to come back again." "I thought it was all right. That phono graph was an invention of a friend of mine. Nobody's ever done the thing into such a handy form before. I put all my little capital intopaientingit, ;for the fello«v hadn't a penny of his own. I'm his part ner, and our fortune"? made. We've 'liad order;i for nearly lialf a million in the State? since I sent that thins off- It's just turned me from a poor man. to a rich one. I waited until I was sure that the boom had begun. Then I came straight over." "But you sent that thing first." '"Well; -we'd promised not to write, and chat -wasn't ?writing. I never thought it -would turn out like this. But I don't care. I've got to face it up. And if poor Nelly fancies me dead I'll hurry on and reassure her." "I wouldn't ii I were you. You've dons enough mischief already. You'd better let me break it to her first." "Surely she'll be glad to pee me." '"It'll be ar. awful shock, .when she thinks you're dead. You don't know what she's gone through. We've had her up to London to see a specialist. And we've had medium? and theosophists, and all sorts of strange folks here to explain the -machine. If you'd been a week later -we might have all been off to Central Asia to interview your disembodied spirit." "It'll save a journey then to meet me here." '"I wonder you dare," answered Connie, giving the reins to her feelings in the sud den relief. "When a girl's idealised you as girls do idealise dead people, when she thought of you as a spirit in a superior world, someone to dream of and loolt up to, how can y<5u burst upon her all at once, and let her see you as you are?" "You do put it in an awful way. But if she's fond of me really " "She's too fond of you; that's the dan ger. How can she bear to find out-good ness! Here she comes! Do step behind that tree and let me give her a moment's warning." Connie was now in a genuine plight, and i nulled violently at his sleeve to get him out of the way. Perhaps it was this very undignified ac tion which changer! Xeliy's expression from one of awed wonder to perplexity and wide-eyed enquiry. "Oh, Randolph," she said." is it you?" "I'm awfuly sorry." said the young man humbly, "but it really is." "And are you alive?" "i guess I oughtn't to be from all ac counts. But I'm afraid I am. I hope you won't mind very much." "Mind very much: 0, Randolph!" He put out his hands towards her and she ran to take them. "This isn't a voire. This isn't a dream. It is you. really, really!" "And you aien't sorry?" "Sorry?" '"it was only that Connie said " "What does it matter what Connie said?" Xelly asked ungratefully. Connie waited to hear no more. . She hurried to the house to tell her uncle that it was no longer necessary to go to Thibet. Next Week "DELIA'S WOOING." By Clara Mulholland. 