Various VieWs. Although the Labor Party in Parliament now and then snarl at the Government, they are not likely to vote against them, whereas the Conn cry Party, which does not snarl, is by no means fixed 2n its allegiance. Peake,-th? chairman, is known to be ready to slip across the floor directly there is a chance of office sticking out in the new team, and Dumas, the vice-chairman, is decidedly shaky. If the Opposition could only make quite certain there would be no dissolution in case of a successful no-confidence motion they might get the Cabinet out of office within the next week or two. They sadly miss the genial Griffiths in their little negotiations with wavering Ministerialists. Herbert, the new Territory M.P., is pretty sure .to vote with Solomon when lie takes his seat, and he is now on his way/from Port Darwin. The S.A. Government hope to get enough money j) sed on the loan estimates this .session as to enable them to finish the Adelaide Railway Station, .which at present is a disgrace to a civilised, city. The Assembly was horrified when it was once asked to pass ,£120,000 in one line to do the work, but by the time the work is finished more than that amount will have been spent, and the job will have been done in a very unsatisfactory way. * * •* . Directly ^ny proposal is made to spend money on a large scale in South Australia a certain section of two Houses of Parliament immediately commence ,to view the proposers as scoundrels and dishonest. For recent examples, witness the outer harbor scheme, the electric traction proposals, and the Iron Knob railway. Any of these works would mean a large outlay in labor, and .as the Government won't tackle any of the jobs, the proposers are held up to •derision by the crowd of barrackers, for whom the Government have to start relief works. Moreover, politicians of the Kingston kidney are allowed to slander •citizens, with no chance of wringing their nose in Court for it. There is one thing to be thankful for—it is the Labor crowd who suffer most by these efforts to stifle private enterprise. * * The railway which the Government propose to build from Gawler by way of Sandy Creek, Lyndoch, Wooroora, and Tanunda, to Angaston will be twentythree miles in length, and will cost <£235,000. Mr. Pendleton estimates that the revenue arising from goods and passenger receipts will reach ,£10.000, and that the working expenses will be J65,300 per annum. That would leave a net income of ,£4,700, or about 2 per cent, on the capital cost. # * The S.A. Council last week threw out the Compulsory Land Repurchase Bill, and the Assembly hurled into the wastepaper basket both ths Popular Convention Bill and the Port Adelaide Graving Dock Bill. If the two Houses travel r,t this rate through the notice paper there will be no difficulty in arranging the prorogation for "the end of the pressnt month. * * * The Holder Government are by 110 means sure of their seats, and they grow more and more anxious as the close of the session draws nigh, for they fear an Opposition coup which shall land them on their backs, and the other side 'nto office and recess. It is certain, However, that if the Ministry are defeated they will ask for a dissolution, and it is probable that' they will get it unless the majority against them is very large. Both Holder and Batchelor, who each intend to stand for the Federal Parliament, evidently mean to stick to their Ministerial offices and salaries as long as possible. # * •* Kingston, after all these years of political jobbery and social scandals, begins to talk of "my honor." As the Federal elections are approaching it is, no doubt, time to again pose as the immaculate "friend of the people." * # # The Holder Government has lost the Constitution Convention Bill, and thus the only useful measure sponsored by tli2 Government this session has disappeared. The Bill ought to give the people the power of selecting a Convention to frame a constitution ior the State in the same way as they selected the delegates who built the Commouwealth. Now that the Convention Bill has been wrecked we are left to the tender mercies of the 78 members of Parliament, who are directly interested in maintaining the existing order of things. Australia would not have been federated to-day had the work been left to the several State Parliaments. The work done by that splendid independent Convention that assembled in the three principal cities will ever be rememteredo and it is a lamentable thing that, owing to the selfishness of politicians, the task of remodelling our provincial constitution is not referred to a similar im-; partial tribunal. That the Assembly rejected the measure for purely selfisn reasons is quite plain to anyone who cares to read the debates. The ridiculous argument was used by many that small Houses are dangerous. The plain fact remains that by reducing our present Assambly by one-half we would gave the money of the taxpayers. ijo.vever, it seems quite plain that Parliament will not reiorm" itself, and South Australia is not singular in that respect. Mr. Ki-ngston has an additional grievance against the Legislative Council, and we shall probably have another pamphlet in circulation soon. The "Tories" have jacked out the Closer Settlement Bill, and they did it pretty unanimously tins time. There was a majority of five against the measure in a h.ouse of twenty-three, and included in the "Noes" was none other than the Hon. H. Adams, one of the Labor members. It is pleasant to think that at least one of tlie Labor crowd has some independence left, anyway. With the death of the Closer Settlement Bili disappears another of the purely Kingsbonian measures. It was one of the platform shrieks of that political humbug; no one ever asked for it; even Mr. Kingston could never prove that compulsory purchase ot large estates was necessary. The State has thousands of acres of anleased country—long since abandoned by squatters—going to ruin lor want of tenants, and yet Mr. Kingston —wlio ever hatea tlie pas totalises— wants to smash up those who remain. It is singular tuafc the rejection of this Bill has oeen received by tne public with absolute indifference, just as the mutilation of that other Kingstonian measure, Household Suffrage, caused no regret. Mr. Kingston has been lashing himself into fury over these "reforms'' for two years, but somehow the "downtrodden farmers" and the "oppressed outlanders" so eloquently described in recent pamphlets haven't turned a hair. Another lecturing tour by the great democratic leader seems urgently necessary. * * # Mrs. Wagner, who stands beside her husband in the accompanying illustration, is an example of what opportunity and the kindness of nature can do for the new woman. Nature has been good to this warlike person in giving her a face from which every trace of femininity has been erased. The Boers say that during the three months she fought against the English around Ladysmith they were ignorant of her identity. It was only when the surgeon was probing the bullet wound that put her out of action that he recognised in the hard features and tobacco-stained lips—Mrs. Wagner. A curious feature of the Yic. election is that the Irish Party lost their two safest seats—Bungaree and Kyneton. Hitherto these have been pocket boroughs for them. The fact is that the big Irish population settled on the rich farming lands by Gavan Duffy when Minister or Lands in 1868 are dying out, and their sons have not kept ho the farms. Ton will find the sons in the police force and on the railways, but :not,.Qn'the farms. Still, it is enough to make Edward Murphy's ghost walk to , see-.a Protestant holding Warrenheip! Mr. Reid and his allies are credited with being more than satisfied with the results so far of their Freetrade campaign in S.A. and Victoria. It is considered that the Protectionist cause has suffered a hard knock, and that Mr. Reid • will lead a strong Freetrade party in the Federal House of Representatives, .^ej";are making a .very great, mistake,. for the Protectionist Party is not only very strong in Victoria and South Australia, but will have very good representation in £*ew South Wales. The great weakness of Gsorge Reid ?.a a leader is his unreliability and want oi sincerity. It has always paid the eloquent one to pose as an Australian Cobden, but he knows better than to attempt to put his theories into practice. He was Premier of New Souh Wales for five years, and during that time he never attempted to alter that State's tariff in the direction ox Freetrade. The same oiling will happen in the Federal House of Representatives, despite Reid's big talk. The duties under the Commonwealth are almost certain to be based on a medium rate, something between i:h N.S.W. and the Victorian tariffs. Reid 1 and his party are doing a smart thing in organising early, but this Freetrade big talk is only Deing used, so far as tlie ex-Premier As concerned, as a means to an end. * # # The most disturbing factor of the Vic. general election is tlie coming of four new men to the Labor corner. What will Sir George Turner do with a militant Screeching Labor corner forcing him forward? He says that the Liberal Party have a majority, which means that he intends to stay in State politics and form a new Ministry. If he does it will be his last Cabinet, and a short one. He is in no sense an extremist himself, and, in his late Cabinet, he found it hard enough to keep a very small and beaten Labor corner in subjection. Even the unspeakable Prendergast, who is as bad tempered as he is unscrupulous politically, was such a trouble that Sir George threatened resignation more than once. What can he do when he has Prendergast practically as leader with a triumphant corner behind him? Tlie election of 1900 will prove a costly victory for Sir George Turner. The victory of the Labor men, in the closa in northern suburbs, serves the Liberal members right. They have been playing with fire for years, and have got burnt. The only redeeming feature about it is that the men who have won are good class men. Mr. Billson, of Fitzroy, is the weakest of the four, but his reputation is good. Mr. Findley, who sits for Melbourne, impressed city men far beyond the men of their own class standing. Mr. Boyd should have goc the seat. Sir Matthew Davies had his old burdens to carry; and the other three were just rubbish. Mr. Warde, who takes Mr. Deakin's vacant place at Essendon, is a good man, with both courage and knowledge. He was the only one of the Trades Hall rank and file who had to support the Commonwealth Bill. He was really the best man offering for Essendon, buc a Labor man, and a stranger, capturing the seat shows how big a fight Alfred Deakin had to carry every time; for the Trades Hall hates Mr. Deakin heartily—the only man they are afraid of. The second Fitzroy, and the two Collingwood seats will eventually go to the Labor Party, too, but it is doubtful if they will continue to hold either Melbourne or Essendjon. The Boe^Worpan in War. t^ / holo. by ./oh n.stow- 0'Shainir.s.sti, it fib. Captain WalKngton, Newly- arrived Private Sec. to the^ Earl of Hopetoun. The appointment of the Hon. St. John Brodrick as Imperial Minister for War is food. Brodrick has had experience of the War Office, he is young (only 44), and he is ambitious. When he and Roberts-Kitchener get to work the world may expect to see various things happen. In the reconstruction of the Cabinet the only fault is the appointment of Lansdowne to the Foreign Office. Lansdowne has been an utter failure as head of the War Office; now he is given a post of almost greater responsibility. Lord Salisbury hasn't shown his usual cleverness in making this move. REPLY PREPAID. A "RUSH" WIRE TO REID. -lie (Mr. G. H. Reid) is supposed to be playing a deep game.—S.A. Register. What's your little game, George? Give it please a name, George; Rumor busy dame, George— Says a lot? of things. Surely, Federal fame, George, And to you small blame, (ieorge, But what shop's your aim, George Whither spread your wings? Speaker's Chair 110 charms, George, Fighters love alarms, George, Up, not down, in "arms" George, Fetterless and free. In your battling heart, George, What's the longed-for part, George; Want to drive the cart, George, 'Stead of Toby B.? Well if Hopetoun calls, George, You could take some falls, George, Toby's not for brawls, George, Though we love his name. All this Tariff Tour, George, Means a lot, that's sure, George— On the Federal "flure," George, What's your little game? H. C. C. There will not necessarily be a change of Ministry in. Vic. over the general election. There is a great likelihood that the country members pledged to Sir George Turner's lead, presuming on a similar Cabinet to the last, will hesitate to follow a Cabinet under the influence of the Prendergast section. Lord Kitchener's praise of departing Australians from Pretoria was very nice, and probably very true. That is, the Australians deserved all the credit awarded. But the Australian must beware of -the disease known as "big head," indications of which are already showing. The colonial "swaddie" didn't win the South African war, he only assisted in. the achievement. Unfortunately, the cable liar has not treated either the Australians or the Imperial troops fairly. In wiring particulars of the various fights and skirmishes he has, as a rule, mentioned only the colonials engaged, never (or seldom) the English Tommies. And the stay-at-homes at this end, or those of them who don't think for themselves, have deluded themselves into believing that the Australian has been the only fighter. It's a pity. Even the Australian war correspondents assisted to create this impression. They didn't report the war, only the part the "colonials played in it. THE CRITIC gives the colonial Tommy every credit 101' what he has done, but doesn t agree, not by long chalks, with the N.S.W. Bushman who wrote home the other day that only for the "contingents" Great Britain would have * * been * defeated. N.S.W. Government snubs the unrepresentative B.H. Council by selecting the Caledonian Society to unfurl the official Federal ttag on the Barrier at its sports on January 1. * # # Blinded with conceit owing to its local triumphs, the B.H. Labor Party has now set out to reform Australia. About 60 people, mostly "lights" of the party, met last week and decided that the State constitution must be remodelled. They seek a people's convention and a referendum of the whole people, and intend appealing to the whole of Australia to join with them. A "Constitutional Reform League of N.S.W." was formed. The "Three Tailors of Tooley-street" over again! * # •# It is reported that Alfred Deakin is to be invited to visit Adelaide to deliver a Protectionist counterblast to the Freetrade oration of George Reid. • * • X.: It's a pffcy that the N.S.W. Government doesn't recognise the bumptious Slea th's military eminence by appointino- him commander of a forlorn hope contingent against the Boxers. He might tan-e John Norton, J. C. Neild, R. Meagher, Dacey, and a few other Parliamentary horrors with liim as officers. Australia would be cleaner if the Chinese succeeded in capturing them. * # # The disappearance of W. A. Watt from North Melbourne is a matter for both regret and gladness—regret that he has lost the seat he rescued three years ago ; and glaaness that he is free to get a better seat where the pressure will not steadily force him towards extreme politics. Watt was offered the Essendon seat, but he refused to run away from the North; and it is quite on the cards that Mr. Shiels will resign Normanby, ana give Watt the seat. Then we woula get the best of him. A man who had strength enough to defy the cable swindlicate is not a man to be kept out of politics^ ^ George Reid remarked to a prominent member of the S.A. Ministry shortly after lie arrived in Adelaide, Teferring to a very aggressive Singletaxer who met him on the railway station platform: "If that lean and hungry looking fellow who welcomed me so effusively thinks my Freetrade is any kin to him, he is very much mistaken. His Freetrade is noth- ing better than daylight robbery." Reid, who is a knowing personage, publicly emphasised this fact at the Town Hall meeting by at once declaring that he has no sympathy with Singletaxers. It is stated that George Reid told an Adelaide friend that it is not impossible that he will be sent for to form the first Federal Ministry. What a sell that would be for Barton and his friends. The general idea, however, is that Lyne will be sent for, and that he will invite the great Edmund to undertake the task. Holder's pretence of being a consistent Freetrader is apparently instigated by the reflection that George Reid will at least be somebody big in the first Federal Parliament. # # George Reid, speaking in Melbourne, neatly gets home on the freaks of protection: "Now, there is another little remark that was made in the Age this morning. Some of your products made in Yictoria are actually sent to Sydney, and sold in the Freetrade market there. It is quite true. But we get them much cheaper than you do. There is a very simple little household necessary called starch. Two eminent Melbourne firms send starch to Sydney, but we get it three- halfpence per pound cheaper than you do. What have you done who have been bled for thirty years to bringthis unnatural infant into life, when you have to pay three-halfpence per pound more than we heretics in Sydney can get the article for?" Another Reid home thrust: "In the year 1894 there was a great flourish of trumpets when the firm of Bell & Co. were going to establish a splendid factory in Melbourne to make matches. You were then paying <£14,000 a year into the Treasury on matches. Hie firm were going to employ 200 hands, and there were great rejoicings. The Customs revenue on matches has now gone down to .£3,100 a year. Do you use less matches than you did six years ago ? (A Yoice: "No.") Perhaps you do. It has been very hard with you lately. They cannot make matches in hot weather. For over three months of the year there is no matchmaking—I mean of that kind. For forty weeks they work here. Let me tell you how many are employed to earn the <£10,900 that you lose in Customs revenue. Six males and twenty-six females; the males get 18/ a week on the average, and the females 15/ or 16/, and for the forty weeks the whole of the wages amount to <£1,359. If you had only sent these thirty-two unfortunate people to Macedon, and paid them the wages to stay away from the factory you would be ,£10,000 a year better off. This is one thing you can put your finger on. There are a thousand jobs like it that you don't find out and never will." Eli . What ho! He Bumps- (« t sai(j it might be best for my pocket but not for my honor."—Kingston). S. A. (the Phrenologist): « Honor I Honor I Hang me if I can discover that bump I Roland Mishap photo*. Lady Madden decorating Malster with the Blue Riband. Melbourne. 