BaLLARAT. (FEOST OOB CWK COBBESPOKDEHT) Thursday. j. ±5. Jonas, vaiuer or tne town 0f Ballarat East, was charged at the Town court this morning with illegally carrying firearms on the evening of Sunday, 27th July. Constable Jones, officer in charge of the Whrrenbeip police station, stated that the accused called upon him ou the evening of the date named, and informed him that during his walk from Ballarat he had encountered a ghost, which pre* sented a terrifying appearance. He however, felled it with his gun, and left it dead on the ground. Accused feared he had killed the spook. "Witness nccom* pauied Johns to Eureka Hill, where the alleged encounter with the ghost took place, but be fonnd no trace of it and nothing to lead him to assume the district had been honored by a ghostly visitant. Johns, he believed, had been drinking heavily lately, and hence was in a condi tion calculated to lead bim to see spooks, A fine of £2. or in default imprisonment until the rising of the court, was im. posed. At the Supreme Court to-day, before Mr Justice Hodges, Andrew Hart, who yesterday pleaded guilty to the man. slaughter of Thomas Buckley, at War. racknabeal, on 12th July, was sentenced to three months' imprisonment. Accused stated that possibly be was responsible for Buckley's death, as he kicked the man twice. Albeit Aoraiu, charged with in*' Aiding bodily harm on William John Simmonds, at Ballarat East, on the 14th July, and against whom a second count of common assault was laid, pleaded not I guilty, and was acquitted. Bridget Yaughau, domestic servant, charged with larceuy at the house of her employer, Mrs Moon, of Lyons-street, Ballarat, pleaded not .guilty. After a brief retirement accused was acquitted. A man named Michael O'Leary, who was charged with the manslaughter of James M'Guan, on the 7th of April last, at Dunnstown, was admitted. Arthur Heauey, found guilty yesterday of stealing battery plates valued at £70, the property of the Red, White and Blue Company, Blackwood, was sen tenced to twelve months' imprisonment. Jane Weatherll, who petitioned for a dissolution of her marriage with Richard Weatherill on the grounds of desertion, was granted a decree nisi. The petition of Jas. Godaard for dissolution of uiarri* age with Sarah Goddard on the grounds of misconduct with James Squires, was granted, and decree nisi entered. 