THE FOURTH GENERATION Dy SIR WALTER BESANT. , CHAPTER III.— WHAT HE GOT. It was eleven o'clock tlmt same evening. Leon ard was again at his table; expectant of two or three hours' quiet work. Tho "Mansion" wns quiet; no pianos wero nt work; most of the people oxoept thoso who were dlntng out or ware at the theatre, wore thinking of bed. This young man, for his part, was thinking of tho midnight oil. Ho was also somewhat perturbed by the conclusion of his first love chapter, and tho plain truths which ho had heard. Nobody likes to he told that ha Is loo fortunate, and that ho wants poor relations, defeated ambitions, and family scandals to make him level with the rest of maiw kind. Nothing, however, soothes nerves moro efficiently than an hour or two of work at mid night. Unexpectedly thcro was a ring at his door. His man had gono to bed. Leonard oponed the door hlmsolf. Thero stood -before him a stranger — a trill man wrapped In a kind of Invornoss cape, with a round felt hat. "Mr. Loonard Campalgne?'' bo asked. "Ccrtulrily," ha replied, snappishly. "Who are you? What do you mean by coming hore at this timo of the night?" "I am sorry to be so lato. I lost my way. May I have half au hour's talk with you? I am' a cou sin of yours, though you. do not know mo. My name," ho added, producing a pocket-book, "Is on this card." Leonard read It. "Mr. Samuel Galley-Cnm- palgno." In tho corner wero tho words, "Solici tor, Commorclal-road, E." "You can como In," said Loonard. The men followed him Into the study, threw oft his capo and hat, and stood before him — a tall thin figure, with a face which Instantly reminded the spoctator of a vulture; tho nose was long, thin, and curved; his eyes wero bright, but too close together. Ho was dressed in ft frock coat, and woro a black tie. He looked hungry, but uot with physical pangs. "Mr. Samuel Galley-Campalgne," lio repented. "My father's name was Galley, my grandmother's maiden name was Campalgne. I have added It to my own, with her people's coat-of-arms." . "Oh!" said Leonard. "But you have no right to our coat-of-arms." "Woll — I'vo taken It, and I've shoved It on my office- paper. It's unusual down our way, and it's good for business. You want to know more about inc? Well, sir, tlint old man over there" — indi cating some placo north of London — "Is my great grandfather, as well as yours — my grandmother, still living, is his daughter. She married my grandfather. Isaac Gallic, Who failed In 1860 lor a largo amount." "I beg your pardon, will you sit down? I was not, I confess, awaro of this relationship. Prny go on.", Leonard can United standing/looking down upon his visitor. Ho becamo awaro, presently, of a ridiculous likeness to himself, and ho found hlmsolf hoping that tho vulture played a less prominent part In his own expression. All the Oampaign'o people wore taller — much taller, than the avorago; thejr features were strongly marked; they wero, as a rule, ri handsome family. They carrlod themselves with a certain dignity. This man was tall, his features wero strongly marked, but lio was not handsome, and he did riot' carry himself xvlth dignity. Ills shoulders were bent, and ho stooped. He was ono of tho race, appa rently, but gono to seed; looklug "common." No ono could possibly mlstako him for a gentleman by birth or by breeding. "Common" was tlio word to apply to Mr. Galley-Campalgne. "Com mon" Is a word much used by certain ladles be longing to a certain stage of society about their neighbors' children; it will do to express tho ap- pcarnuco of this visitor. "Oh!" Leonard repeated, mechanically, whllo making his observations,' "you are my cousin, are you? I did not know of your existence." "We llvo at tho other end of the town. I'm a gentleman, of oourso, boing in tho Law— lower branch " "Quito so," Raid Leonard. "But tho ol(l woman — I mean my grandmother — italtos jolly good care that I shall know tho difference, between you and mo. You've had Eton and Collogo to back you up. Yon'vo got tho House of Commons and a swagger club. That's your world. Mlm> is different We'vo no swells where I live, down the Contmarcial-road. I'm a solicitor In what you call a small way. Thero uro no big men our way." "It Is a learned profession." "Yes, I am not a clerk, Uko my father." "Tell mo more about yourself. Your grand father, you say, wns bankrupt. Is ho living?". "No. He wont off about ton years ago, boast ful to the ond'of his great smash. His son, that's my father, went Into the City. He was a. clerk all his llfo to a wine morehant. Ho died a year or two ago. Ho was Just ahlo to pay for my articles— a hundred pounds — and tho stamp, an other eighty, and that pretty well cleared lilra out, oxeopt for a llttlo insurance of a hundred. "Whan ho died I was just beginning to get along; aud I'vo been able to Hvo and keep my mother and my grandmother — It's a tight fit, though— with what I can scrow out of Mary Anne." "Who Is Mary Anne?" "My slater Mary Anpo. She's a Board School teacher. But sho shovos all tho expenses on t-o me." "Oh! I liavo a wliolo family of cousins, then, previously unknown. That Is Interesting. Aro thero more?" I-Ie remembered certain words spoken only that morning, and ho winced. Here were poor relatione, aftor all. Constance would bo pleased. "No more, only mo and Mary Anuo. Now, Mr. Campalgne, tho old woman vhas been at me a long time to come hore. She wants to see you." "Indeed! My great i aunt! sho is stfll living? I hope I may be allowed to call upon her?" ".That's what sho wants. That'.s why I camo lioro to-night. Look here, sir; for my own part I would net intrude upon you. I've not come to beg or to borrow. But-for tho old woman's sako I've veutured ,to call arid aslc you to remember that she Is- your groat aunt. SUo's soventy-two years of ago, and now and then sho fret's a hit aftor a sight of her own people. She hasn't seen any of thorn sines your grandfather committed suicide. And that must havo been about the year I860, boforo you and I wero born." "My grandfather oommlttod suicide? What do you mean? My grandfather - died somowhero about I860. What do yon mean by saying that he killed MmseK?" - "What? Don't you know? Your grandfather, sir," said tho otlior firmly, "died of cut-throat fovcr very suddenly. Of that I am quite certain, becauso my grandmother remembers tho business perfectly woll." "Ib it possible? Killed himself? Thou why did I never learn such a thing?" "I suppose thoy didn't wish to worry you. Your father was but a child, I suppose, at tho time. Perhaps they never told him. All the samo, It's perfectly true." Committed, suicide! Ho remomhored the widow who novel' snrllcd — tho pale-faced, lioavy-eyed widow. Ho now understood why. she went In mourning all tho days of her life. He now learned. In this unexpected manner, why she had retired to tho qnlet llttlo Cornish vlllago. Pnm iniDiul filHfililnl Wliw 9 14 uaiumaiI > ietn/1 sacrllego to ask this person. He hesitated; ho took up' a trifling ornaraont from tho manlol- sllolf, and played with it. It dropped out of his Angers Into tho fendor, and was broken. "Pray," ha asked, "how eanio your grandmother to bo soparated from her own people?" "Thoy went away Into tho country. And hor father wont. silly. Slio never know lilm when he wasu't silly. Ho wont silly when his brother- in-law was murdorod." "Brothor-in-law murdered? What Is this? Good Lord, man! What do you mean, with your murder and your suleldo?" "Why, don't you know? M-urdored! And Ills wlfa rllrtrl nt Hia nhrvtlr Mia nnmn Aav Wtint nlan was It that drove him off Ms silly old chump?" "I — I — I — know nothing." Tho vulgarity of tho man passed unnoticed In tlio faco of these revela tions. "I assure you nothing of thoso tragedies. Thoy aro all now to me. I havo boon told no thing." "Nover told you? Well, of all the — Why tho old woman over thoro Is novor tired of talking about theso things. Proud of thom, sho Is, And you novor to know anything." Nothing. Is thero moro? And why do you call my great-grandfather mad? "IIo'b as much my great-grandfather ns yours. Mad? Well, I'vo seen him over the- garden wall half-a-dozen times, walking up and down Ills lorraco llko a Polar boar. I don't know what you call mad. As for me, I'm only a man of busi ness, hut If I had a client who never oponed or answered a leltur, never spoke a ward to any body, neglected his children, let Us house go to rnln, never went to church, would have no sor- vuirts about tho place— why 1 wonli. have flint mls'rablo creatnro locked up. Tliut's all." Leonard put this point aside. "Rut you liavo mil. told mo ahout his wife's death. It In stnuigo that I should bo asking yon those particulars of my o.wn faintly." "Mine as woll. if you please," tlio East End solicitor objected, with some dignity. "Well, sir, my grandmother Is nc.venl.y-t.wo years of age. Therefore It Is Just scvunty-t.wo yearn since her mother died. For lier mother died In child birth, and sho died of tho shock produced by tlie nows of lior own brother's murder. Ilcr bro ther's liamo was Langley Holms." "T-angley? My grandfather's name." "Yos, Langley liolnis. 1 t.lilnk lio was found lying dead on a hillside. So, our groat-grand- fitlher, I say, lost in ono day Ills wife and Ills brothcr- ln-law; who wns tlio best friend ho hud In the world. Why, sir, If you go down to seo him and find lilm In that slate, docs It novor occur to you to ask how it camo about?" "T confess — lio in so old. I thought It eccen tricity of ago." "No!" His cousin shook his head. "Ago alone would not malto a man go on llko that. I talto It, sir, that extreme ago may make a man caro nothing about other people, not oven his own children; but It docs not cut him oif from every thing." "You aro perhaps right. Yet — woll, I know nothing. So the old man's mind was overthrown by tlio great shock of a douhlo loss. Strange that tlioy never told mo! And his son, ray grandfather, committed sulelde. And his sister's husband became a bankrupt." "Yes: there are misfortunes enough. Tho old woman Is never tired of harping on tho family misfortunes. The second son was drowned. Ho was a Eallor, and was drowned. My father. was novor anything better than ft small clork. I've known, m'yscir, what It Is to want tho prlco of a dinner. If you want to know what misfortune is like wait till you'ro hungry." "Indeed!" Leonard replied thoughtfully. "And nil these troubles are now to mo. Strango that thcy: should be told mo on this very day!" "Then there's your own father. Ho died young, too, and tho last case that the old woman talks ahout Is your. father's brother— I forgot his name — they packed him off to Australia after lie had forged your father's name." "What?" "Forged. That's a pretty word to use, isn t It? Yes, sir, tliero are misfortunes enough." He got up. "Well, the point Is, will you come and scu the old woman ?" "Yes. I will call upon hor. When shalM find hor lit home?" "Slio lies down on the sofa beside t.lve fire every- atternoori from two to four or lialt-post four, then wakes up refreshed and ahlo to talk. Come ahout half- past four. It's tho back parlor; tho front Is my office, nnd my clerk— T have only ono as yet— works In the room over the kitchen— the gal's bedroom it Is, as a' rule. It Is a most re spectable house, with my name on a doorplato, so you can't miss it." "I will call to-morrow, then." "Tliero is one thing moro, Mr. Campalgne. We have not thrust ourselves forward or tried to force ourselves on tho family, and wo shall not, sir, wo -'shall not. W'e live six miles apart, and wo havo our own friends, and my friends aro not yours. Still, In a business way, thero is a ques tion which I should like to ask. It Is a business question." _ The man's face became suddenly foxy. Leo nard was on his guard Instinctively. "If It has to do with the Campaign/3 estate, I have nothing whatever to Bay. Would it not he well to go to the lawyers who manage tho estate?" "No. Tfrcy would not tell rac anything. What I want to knew It this. Ho has, I believe, a large estate?" , "He lias, I believe. But ho has no power to part with any portion of It." "Tlio estate produces rents, T suppose? "That is no doubt tho case." "Well, for seventy years tho old man has spent nothing. There must bo accumulations. In cuso-of.no will theso accumulations would be divided equally between your grandfather's heirs and my grandmother. Do you know of any will, If I may bo bo bold as to ask?" "I know nothing of any will." "It Is most unlikely that there should be any will. A mtm who lias boon off his head for nearly seventy years can hardly leave a will., If he did. one could easily sot It aside. Mr. Campalgne, It is on the cards that thcro may ho onorriious accumulations. In which case, it is possible— I any possible— that my sister and I may become rich — very rlcli— I hardly dare to put tho possibility upon myself— but there must Ijo — there must be — accumulations, and the ques tion which I would put to you, sir. Is this. Where are thoso accumulation; s Invested? And can a man find cut what viiey amount to— what thoy aro worth — who driuys the dividends — how aro they applied — and Is there a will? "Was It made before or alter the old man went off his chump? And If tho money Is left out of tho family whether you, air, as the head of the family, would lake steps to set.aslda that will? Thoso aro my questions, Mr. Oampalgno." Ho threiv hi in self back again In tho chair, aud stuck his thumbs in his wnistcoat arm-holes. "Theso aro very Important questions," said Leonard.. "As a lawyer, you must be aware that I cannot give you any answer. As to tlie ad ministration of tlio property, I .believe I have no right to ask the luivyers and agents any ques tions. We must assume that the owner of tho estate Is 111 his right mind. As for disputing a will we must wait till a will Is produced." "Sir," the cousin leaned over his knees and whispered hoarsely— "Sir, tho accumulations must lie a million nnd a half. I worked It all out niysnlf with an, arithmetic book. It meant hun dreds of sums— I did 'em all, ono after tho other. I thought 1 3hould never get to the end. Hun dreds of sums at compound interest, and it tots up to a million and a half — n million and a half! Think of thai! Sir, this money must not bo suffered to go out of tho family. It must not. It would bo sluful— sinful. Wo look to you. to protect tho rights of the family." Leonard laughed. "I fear I have no powor to help you In this respect. Good-night. I hope to cnll upon you to-morrow afternoon." . Ha shut tho door upon his visitor. He heard his feet going down the stairs; lio returned to his empty room. It was no longer empty. Tho man had poopled It with ghosts, all of whom he had brought with lilm. Llttlo by llttlu; not all at once, he mado them out. . There wns the old man— young again— stagger ing under tho weight of a double bereavement— wlfo and best friend In the same day. Thcio was his own grandfather killing himself — why? Tho young sailor going out to bo drowned; his own father dying young; tho returned colonial— tho prosperous gentleman, who, before going out, had forged his brother's name. Forged! forged! The word rang In I1I3 brnln. Thero was tho daughter of tho house— deserted by the bouso, married Into such a family as Mr. Galley repre sented— were not theso ghosts onough to bring Into a quiet gentleman's flat? Yes, ho had been brought up In ignorance of those things. Ho knew nothing of tho oauso. of tho old man's seclusion; not tlio reason of his grandfather's early death; not any of thoso other misfortunes. Ho had been kopt In iguoraneo of all. And now all these things wore roughly ex ploded upon his unsuspecting head. Ho sat down before tho fire; he worked at tho "Subject" no more that night. For ho remem bered tho strango warnings of Constance — Ghat ho wanted something of -misfortune, such ns harass ed the rest of the world, in order to bring him down to a lovel with the men and tho women around him. ,, ,, "I have got that something," dio said; relations, family scandals, and humiliations, and all. But so far I fool no better." (To bo continued.) 