The Wolf's Month. CHAPTER XXV. IIER CHRISTIAN* NAME. Loid Huntley stood at tho great door of Castle do Burgh toward five o'clock, with a faco that made the servant who hadanswered lis ring look curiously at him. He turned to got into his trap, hesitated, and then spoke to tho man again. ' Mr, do Burgh and Miss do Burgh aro not at homo, you said. Has Mr. Gilbert come jn ?' 'No, sir; not vet.' Thon he could not have come back from Glen Farm. Huntley, with a curt word, sent llis trap and servant homo. He was more angry than ho had ever been in his life, for tho 'Not at home' was a pieco of Cowardly importinonco. Ho know quite woll that Hugo was in and Moyra, too. ,' Ho will not soo me, and ho won't lot Moyra. There's soruethiiig wrong, for he's afraid. I'll see Gilbert, and find out if ho had liodrd anything, if I wait hero all night, or Walk to Glen Farm to got him !' ho thought grimly, turning to the garden and tho short put to the Mooros. Hugo's room was on the othor side of the liouso ; ho would bo most unlikely to see that Only the servant, aud not Huntley, drove away down the great avonuo, ' Though I don't caro a d — ?— what ho Sees !'' tlio latter reflected, striding through tho gardon. ' Ho is behaving in a most idiotic way. I wonder why ho won't see mo ! Ho doosn't know I tako any intorost in that poor girl.' His foot crushed a bit of broken glass as ho crossed tho lawn by tho sido door, but lio did Hot notico it ; though brokon glass on a neat lawn is not usual. Too worried and troubled to smoko, ho gained tho gato into tho high road, and stood thoro - waiting. Surely Gilbort would coino down tho path in a minute or two ! I hopo he's done more than I havo,' Huntloy thought, gloomily. For ho had epont tlio early part of tho afternoon in a hunt through tho village for Jocelyn. Thero was riot a liouso loft unvisitod that could take a lodger undor tho pretext that a friond of Lis wantod somo rooms in Prostoignede Burgh. Not. ono of tho women thoro had a lodgor, ho could swear to that ; and, moan time, wlioro could hie littlo lovo havo gone ? Ho wondered if she could be out on tho mountains, or, worso still, trudging tho lonoly roads on hor way to London. Ho would wait for Gilbort, and if ho know nothing — Iiord Huntloy, of Holy Gross, swore that in a day or two ho would ! But ho felt pretty Bui'o she had joined hor fathor somewhere. , Hullo ! Thoro was Gilbort now. Huntloy wont to moot him. 'Nows! Yos, plenty.' Gilbert's ruddy laoo was ghastly ; lie lookod ton years oldor. 'It'pbnd, I know,' tho othor man said sharply ; ' quick, toll mo I Havou't thoy seen Iior F' 'Who? Tho girl? I'd forgotten all about . ]ior !' - - ' Forgotten all about hor ! By Goorgo ! jwliat. did you go thoro for P' ' Something put hor out of my head !' Gilbort stoppod short in tho middle of tho high road. ? . ' Hold hard, Huntloy !' ho said. ' I'vo had a most awful shook ! I don't know whero I am, or what to think. I did hear nows of tho girl — or rather somothing about her. But none of thorn know whoro she is.' ' What did you hoar, thon? Not. that — ' ' lie could hardly bring out tho words — ' that Hugo was right in sending hor off lilco that P' 'No, no! Ho — I don't know how to toll ?you.' Ho turned his faco away as if ho woro in nnboarablo pain of mind. All his world Boomed to bo nhnttorod, His brothor, liis mothor — slio had boon, a poor sort of mothor 'to the son slio dospisod. Perhaps sho would lavo dospisod. him now had sho known how 3bo snfforod for hor. , ' Go on, man 1' Huntloy glanood at him ?with au impatience ho could, not hido. J' What's wrong?' 'Everything.' With a sort of groan. 'I Wouldn't toll ovon-you; but it's bound to O'omo out. Look horo ! you romombor tho troublo about my fathor P hoarsely. . ' Well! ^Richard's out !' ' What of that ? You can' put him baok jlgain 1' ' Novor, whilo I havo lifo in mo,' passion ? 'atoly. ' I'vo soon him, talkod to him. He's tlB sano as you or I — always has boon. Good Gtod I Huntloy, ho swears ho novor did it.' 'Thon who. mar wondonngly. ' I won't toll yo\i. Somoono olso oan toll imy sharao. Gilbert's lips ti'omblod, and Huntloy, witli fa sudden undorstandiug, thought of_ that Btrango lottor from Meredith that was in his ?nookot. T'hon it had boon Alicia ? For a momont ha fatood dumb. 'I fool — but it doesn't matter,' Gilbort 'said, niisorably. 'It will aH aomo out, I'll liavo timo onouglv tlion to think how l fool. ; And Richard lias boon shut up for ninotoon years for what ho novor did. Ho's got a witness.' ' 'What raakofl you boliovo him P Huntloy feskod bluntly. ' Bocauso' I romombor that tho woman' dis- tvpponrad that vory night. And anothor thing, ^ ftoy n« I was, 1 novor thought Diolc did it.' 'He must have,' was all Huntley could find to. say, but tho daraiiing evidence in Mb pocket went against tbe words. ' Como home, old pliap,' he added tenderly; ' como home, and think it over.' 'I can't ; I don't know what to think. Listen, that girl — Miss Brown — well, she is Dick's daughter. Hugo must know all this; and only I had been in the dark while Dick suffered for another, I'd rather I'd done it mysejf,' ; ; 'Dick's daughter ! You're dreaming.' But a hundred things cropped up in his mind to confirm it. For one, she was the image of Gilbert himself, 'What's Hugo done with her?' he said between his teeth. ' He'll pay for it, what ever it is.' 'We'll' all pay,' said Gilbert.' 'Gome home with me, Huntley, I'm about done with it all, arid I've got to see Hugo.' ' Does ho know whore Richard is ?' Gilbert shook his- head. ' I had to promise riot to tell him. You don't know what it is, Huntloy, A frightful wrong on ono side, and on tho other ? ' he could not go on. . '?-- Huntley slipped his arm through Gilbert's, and tho man leaned on him as though his very soul was weary. ' You've better brains than I, Billy,' ho said, as they crossed the garden that was cold now the sun was down. ' Think for me what I ought to do,' ; But Huntley's heart was hot, within him for the girl he had known as Miss Brown. 'I don't know,' he muttered, longing to wring Hugo's neck, and wondering if all tho strango tales were true. ' He wouldn't see mo just now.' ' Ho's got to see mo,' said tho younger brother with a black look. 'Billy, I'd be happy if I thought my mother was dying, now. * ' My poor chap !' very pitifully. ' Look out, there's something under your foot. A paokot or a letter,' 'he stooped mechanically and picked it up'; as ho lookod carelessly at it an oath broke from him. 'It's a lettor to me!' Ho tore off tho soft hair that bound it, and there fell to tho ground his own ring. ' What P' said Gilbert, stupidly, ' A letter for you !' In the growing dusk Huntley read tho few lines, and then in a voice Gilbert had never liettrd he called down tho wrath of God on Hugo do Burgh. ' Read it,' ho cried, thrusting the torn paper into Gilbert's hand. 'Read it, and you'll know what to think of Hugo!' I promised once to send you' your ring if I wanted you. I want you now, but noo only becauBO I love you. They say I've gone away, but I am abut up in the tower above thn side door. Ob, my Willie, if you love me oome for me. Blr. de Burgh shut me up bpcftua* I would not tell him nbout 'my father. Pioape come quickly, for I can's hold out. Hw 8uvb be will never let me out till I tell, and I'll never tall. If you get this too lute remembor that I loved you till I died, and that. I never loved another soul. Don't forget me. I will sign my name, as I promised you, perhaps I'll iiever sign it again.' My father never did it, Willie, Martha Hewitt knows. If you have loved me, help bitn, and help me, if you can. It will be too lato to-morrow. JOOELYN DE) BUROn. Tlio bald, disjointed sentoncos brought a lump into Huntley's throat. 'Hush! - don't speak!' ho whispered, catching Gilbort by the arm. ' I must got hor out, you must help.' But Gilbort was staring at the letter as ono who was wakod from a fool's paradise to find his homo a don of thiovos. ' It!s no good going to .Hugo,' ho said rjuito quietly. ' Ho.'d outwit us. But do you know what all this will mean to us ?' ' Tf you won't help mo, I'll go alono.' 1 Gilbort turned to him, his teeth sot.^ ' I'll help you if we'ro hung for. it,' lie Baid. and in silonco tho two wont into tho house, and up to Gilbert's room, meeting no ono. ' Whore is this to\vor P I mean, how do you got to it ?' Huntley said, chaffing at Gilbert's delay. 'ThoBtnir door is novor used;, it's oppo site Hugo's rooms,' drily. ' Wo'vo now got to see whore ho is first. It's a trifle, no doubt, but it's his houso and his servants, and he'd call tho mon and stop our going if ho knew.' Huntloy laughed grimly. Onco roused not all tlio dovils in lioll could stop him, ho oarod not one jot for, a villain like Hugo do Burgh. ' Horo;' Gilbort threw him a pair of thin shooB, ' put these on, Your bootB would bring Hugo out like a shot, and wo can't run any risks for tho girl's Bttko. That rioto was shaky— I don't boliovo sho's had food.' ' His faco was whito, as a brave man who seos his death, for tho knowlodgo of his motlior's crime was moro bitter than a thou sand deaths. But ho stood looking-for some thing in a drawer, as if ho woro not in torture. ' Oomo on, I'll show you, ' ho said, quietly. ' But I could wish it was auy ono but mo.' Huntloy did . not notico what it was ho slippod into his pockbt. ' Silently tho two passed through tho long, ornpty corridors ; till ' tlioy roaohod Hugo's door. It was ajar, but thoy dared not stop ; his oars woro liko a haro's. ? Through tho half-op'on door thoro floated out a mist of oigarotto smoke ; insido thoy could hoar, ira tho quiot, the quick scratching of a pen.- Hugo, in security, was writing a lottor to Morodith that was as falso in its facts as it was real in its venom. ? , Scarcely breathing, Gilbort triod the uiiusod . door; it was/looked. Witli a quick gesture ho took a key from his pocket and slippod it in. It fitted, and noisoloss as two ghosts tho two mon passed through, looking tho door bohind tliom. But oaroEul as Gilbort was tho look gratod. Ho caught Huntloy by tho arm. . Hugo had hoard ! . . ' Whothor ho had or not thoy could not tell. But ho came quickly out into tho corridor dud stood irrosoluto. Tlion with ono , dextrous movomont ho triod thp doov, but it was fast as ho had loft it. . 4 , , ' Bah 1 I'm getting norvous,' ho muttorod, oaoh word distinct to tho. breathless listonors. Tho noxt minuto tho$ hoard liim go back to his room. ' Gilbort, still grasping' Huntloy, mpvod on up tho stairs. Not till*' thoy wore on tho first landing did ho speak. ' 'Wait, I'vo' a bdridib,'* ho wliisporbd. Huntloy's hodrt boat tliiokly 'as bo starod about him in its fliokoriug .light, ' It was luoky about tho koy,' Gilbort wont on,. 'I havo a' turn for looks, arid I liuntod up all tlio old koys I. oould find onob .'for fun,-. Mino is tho , right koy. Hugo _ had .'to' got ,'anothpr mado, for I Jmislaid this. I only fourid ita fow woolcs ago. I had to Icoop you waiting whilo I found it.' . , . Ho turnod without hoslta'tion into tho pass ago Jooolyu had ' folio wod tlio night boforo ' and up' tho stairs. . , .'Here's tho door,' he said, sharply. ' You open it. I can't. I never saw tho girl, and all this will mean — ' be swallowed thickly. , : ? ; Huntley shot the bolt back and stood gaz ing into tho cold darkness of the tower room. It was well thought of for a prison, no one ever went up those stairs, for a story as dark as Alicia's; own clung to them. The icy air of the winter night was cold on Huntley'B face, but as he gazed he could seo no one. 'Where aro you P' he whispered,. Thon he saw. On the floor, by the window, lay the girl ho loved, a senseless heap, one outflung hand bound with a bloody handkerchief, her long hair streaming on tho stones. He set tho candle ariy where, and was kneeling by her sido, ' Sweetheart, it's I !' he said, raising lier, sick at- heart as he saw her head fall back wards lifelessly. 'Wake up, my little love, look at me.' But sho never stirred. With a quick motion he gathered her to his, breast. ' Sweetheart, try !' ho pleaded, 'You're safe now. Do you think any one could touch you here, in. my arms.'' From vory far away his voice reached hor, but not the meaning of tho words, the cold and hunger, the pain of her cut hand had dulled hor senses. A eold sickness on hor, she opened her eyes, but only to closo them again with a sigh of relief. 'I thought you'd come,' ho caught, but just caught the murmur, and as ho rose to his feet with her closo in his arms, ho saw she had fainted again . As if he could not feel the weight that was so dear, ho carried her out to whero Gilbort waited, and pointed in silence to the scarlet ybandago round her hand. Gilbert had no words as hp looked at the girl. Ho stumbled as he went back for the candle, and fumbled a long time as ho bolted' the door. It would be as woll that Hugo should find things as ho loft them. ' For all ho had taken his stand with Richard ho could riot fool glad as each fresh count against Hugo was proved. . He turned to Huntloy as ho shot the bolt home. - 'We've got hero, and we've found her !' he said. ' But has it occurred to you how we are to got out ? Wo might open that lower door straight on Hugo.' But Huntley was listening to somethiug far away, not to Gilbert. . ? . ? 'Quick!' lie oriod, under his breath. ' Pince out that candle so that it can't smell. I hear some one now at that door.' Thoy wero in the dark before the words were out of his mouth. Gilbort caught him by the arm and dragged him down tho wind ing stair toward tho noiso, but also toward the landing whoro tho four passages branched off into unknown depths of darkness. Into [ tho nearest one they rushed, and stood flat I in its gloom against tho wall, both thankful the girl had fainted. The noise thoy made must have boon hoard, aud thoy. both waitod breathless for a shout from Hugo. But thoy heard nothing but his steady, slow stop coming nearer eaoh instant ; had they known it, fatb had been on tlioir side. Afl they made their flying descent Hugo ' had stumbled on tho winding stair bolow, and his bruised shins had made him oblivious of anything olso for just long enough to cover thoir retreat ! A beam of light came round tho cornor — to Gilbert it sooinod impossible that thoy woro not clearly visible. For ono minute ho was sure Hugo saw thorn, and was laughing in his sleeve, for ho paused and looked about him. The noxt moment Huntloy: drew breath; Hugo and his light had passed on. '* Now,' ho whispered, fiercely, ' got your key and we'll got through tho door and into your, room boforo ho finds out she's gone. . Thank hoaven, you bolted tho door after us !' ? Without a sound thoy -slipped down the stairs and out into the corridor. Hugo little know that as he tugged at tho bolt that had secured his-prisonor Gilbert was 1 looking the lower door bohind him, and Huntloy running like mad through tho empty corridors wiyi tho girl herself in his arms. (To bo continued .) 