®JSb IP®' ; ; The Sentence of the Court. BY HEADON HELL, 'Author of "The Queen of Night," "Guilty Gold," "By a Hair's-breadth." &c.;, &c.; copyright. chapter xiv.— a push prom behind. 'As time passed, Murk Taverner became more and more convinced of the innocence of the man convicted of the Monk's Hadley murder. Por many months after the trial he was as anxious as ever to Keep jaiia Bertram's name free from taint in connec tion with the case, because his first theory was that the real Cyril was guilty and that the spurious one was sacrificing himself to shield the other for some mysterious and unfathomable reason. Holding tins belief, he as far as possible avoided all discussion of the case with Rita, who in her ignorance of the identity of the witness Vipan was firmly persuaded of the convict's guilt. But latterly a new theory had dawned in his mind— a theory which spurred him to new activity and caused an entire change in his policy. It was brought about in this Stay. One night he was walking home from the London Detective Bureau to his chambers, when he met in the Strand an officer of the Criminal Investigation Department with whom he was acquainted. It was his prac- ' .tice to cultivate friendlv relations with the police, and he asked the man to have a drink with him at Romano's. The official detective, in the course of dut" doubtless, had had one or two already — the result be ing that, he waxed loquacious. The conversation ran . on successful rogues; Taverner expressing the opinion that no man once convicted ever regained a solid social position. The Scotland Yard officer took the contrary view, and was able to cite an instance. "Don't you fall into no 'such error, Mr. Taverner," he said. "You've made your mark as a 'tee, but you're handicapped by . being ah amateur. 'Cos why? Because we have records and information that you don't have access to." Mark was beginning to be bored by the man, and it. was only for the sake of say ing something that he remarked: "I'll bet you a sovereign you can't name anyone in, decent society who's done time." "Now, you're getting at me," was the re-'; ply. "I don't name names, and I don't make bets on duty matters. But if I. chose 1 could have that quid of yours, young man." And the detective breathed a whisky-laden whisper into Mark's" ear, "I could put my hand on one of the richest swells in Harnp-; shire who had done his seven stretch for forgery, made his pile on the Stock .Ex-; change, and settled down ih a country pa lace, where he's on visiting- terms with a' judge of. the High Court, all within a pe riod of 15 years." Mark pricked, up his ears at this. "He. keeps himself pretty quiet, eh?" said he. "Not a bit of it; he's as bold as brass," the detective replied, with indignant admi ration. "Why, last year he had the cheek to come forward as a witness for the prose cution in a trial for murder-all straight and aboveboard his evidence was, too." "I guess you fellows would have made it hot for him if he hadn't been on the side of the police," was .Mark's reply, , which sent the officer oit in a hull. Mark strolled out into the Strand in thoughtful mood. This sidelight upon Vi- pan's true character and antecedents in spired liim with a new theory. What if the millionaire ex-convict were the mur derer of old Dr. Bathurst! What if he had proffered false evidence — not only to ruin his rival for the affection of Irene Sel wood, but for the more powerful motive of diverting suspicion from himself!. It might well be that a successful scoundrel would not stick at using poison to silence anyone who threatened his. position with disclo sure. Though it was unlikely that the old coun- , try practitioner would have been aware of his new neighbor's fraudulent career, it was possible that he might somehow have learn ed of his identity with the. faithless black guard who had endeavored vainly to in veigle his niece by a promise of marriage .which he broke as soon as it proved futile. As the suspicion formed in his brain he chanced to be passing a theatre, and his eye was caught by a great electric transpa rency, spelling the name "Rita Bertram.", Those glittering letters gave him his cue. In the altered circumstances he would in form Rita that her former lover was found, and enlighten her as to his own. latest de duction. If he was to go further on the line indicated, it was necessary that he should learn what. she. alone could tell him— whether her uncle had been aware of Vi- pan's treatment of her, and knew him by sight. He turned into the stage door of the . theatre, and. being known as'a friend of the favorite actress was at once passed up to her Jfoom. He found her dressed for her part.-sbjit with a quarter of an hour to spare beforeshj, rwould be called to the stage.'-' . " ' " ' "Yoa look; aa solemn as. a ghost," she said when she had dismissed her maid. "Has anything fresh- , cropped ; up about Monk's Hadley?" "Not yet— nothing cbrtain at least," Mark replied. I wanted chiefly to ask you about that old affair you entrusted to me — the discovery of the man you knew as Augustus Vincent. Did old Bathurst ever come in contact with him?" "I should rather think he did," said Rita, her eyes sparkling at the recollection." "He went up to London on purpose to see him on my behalf and gave him a piece of his mind — told liim that if lie had -been 10 years younger he would have thrashed him blue." Mark nodded approval. So a word from Dr. Bathurst would have deposed Vipan from his position as a county .magnate and would have labelled him as a scoundrel to be Bhunned by all decent folk! Here was motive enough for murder from the point of view of a forger and ex- convict. The trouble was that the discovery brought him no nearer to a solution of the two Cyril Bathursts' mystery; and till that was cleared up be must remain at a deadlock. However, it was ii distinct advance. "Tell me, Rita," he said— they called each other by their' Christian names now— "are you still keen on finding the fellow and stirring up that mud. What do you want to do to him— horsewhip him, or go for damages?" " The young actress was silent for a mo ment, twisting the gold bangles on her wrist. "You mustn't chaff me about that man;. I was fool enough to be fond of him once. When he repaid with insult I would have died for revenge at first, but latterly I have thought that any revenge open to me would be but feeble "compared with the wrong, ha tried to do. I hardly got so far as planning any "particular blow to strike at him. I may have . had vague ideas of an exposure which I should probably never have put into practice — or of taunting him with the success I have since achieved. Both utterly, inadequate." Mark came nearer to her and laid his hand on her arm. staying the nervous fin gers. "What if I could prove that he was your uncle's murderer?" he whispered. "Would you mind that old story of yours being made public, if it secured liis just punishment and in so doing righted an in nocent man?" "You can do all that?'' Rita exclaimed, starting back and searching his face with wildly, questioning eyes. "Yes, I see you can. Well — there is no disgrace to me in that story — no such disgrace as I should have to suffer now if the public knew that I was the sister of a convicted murderer. You can count upon my evidence if it will help to punish that wicked man for his crimes." "It may help greatly some day— if I can find direct evidence of his having been at The Larches on the night your uncle died," Mark answered. "I am convinced that the only road to that lies through the- core of the mystery surrounding the unfortunate: doing substituted penance in your brother's name, and in the inexplicable silence of your brother throughout the affair." "And you propose to fathom that mys-: ter.v?" , J "I propose to try, and my first step must be to discover whether my. quarry is in the secret— perhaps as the instigator or prime mover.. So long as I -am ignorant of that I am working in the dark with my hands tied." .... "That will-entail your dealing with Vin cent himself," Rita murmured, regarding liim with an unconcealed anxiety, that sent a thrill to the; young man's heart. "For God's sake— yes, I. don't, mind saying it- for my sake, be careful, Mark. He is dan gerous at any - time— will be doubly so when — ''Miss Bertarm!" cried the call hoy at the door, cutting short the warning and pre venting the warm answer already rising to Mark's lips. Rita gathered her dainty skirts and vanished in a blaze of diamonds, and her lover made his way through the musty -passages to the street, his ears ting ling with the applause that greeted the po pular favorite's appearance on the stage, "I am sorry she had to go on just then," lie said to himself as he turned into the busy Strand. "I did not have time to teli her that the rascal Vincent was no other than Mr. Leger Vipan, the principal wit ness at the trial. I should have liked someone to have shared my knowledge be fore setting out to tackle the gentleman." Mark stood still, hesitating. . It was nearly 8 o'clock, and he had not yet dined, but the temptation -was strong upon him to begin fishing in the troubled waters he had newly marked out. Vipan, he knew, when in town, resided in a bachelor flat in one of the huge mansions in Victoria-street. If lie were there at present there might be yet time to catch him before lie went out for the evening; on the other hnnd, it was de sirable that he should complete his en lightenment of Rita beforo approaching the' enemy. His eagerness won the day, and he called a hansom. As he was driven swiftly along he was confronted with the immediate ne cessity of framing.somc pretext for liis visit, and he decided on the bold course. He would give Vipan to understand that he was at work, on the Monk's Hadley case, and try to utilise -the little knowledge he possessed to extract; more. "I will lead him to think that I want to blackmail him — as, most private detectives would." Mark.smilcd to himself. "Then if he offeree a bribe it will be a dead certain ty that I am .on the right track." Rive minutes sufficed to set him down at the entrance of the mansions, and dismis- sing the cabman he passed into tho hall. There was a porter's box on the right; but at that slack hour its usual occupant had slipped out to' a neighboring public house, and, there being' ho one to direct him, Mark made for the lift reces at the far end. _ The lift at that moment was somewhere in the upper regions, but when it descended the attendant would be able to inform' him on what floor were Vipan's chambers. He had not. gone more thnn half way across the hall when pattering steps behind him caused liim to look round. A tele graph boy had dashed in from the street, but at sight of the vacant lift recess he pul led up with an angry snarl. "Bl'imed if this ain't too bad — no bloom ing lift and no porter to tell us the -way;' he growled. "Say, sir, d'jer appen -to know where a gent name of Vipan 'angs out? I've gone off duty, and don't want to be, kick ing about 'ere all night. I only brought this message round on my way home to oblige a mate." Mark acted on swift impulse. "I am go ing up to Mr. Vipan's rooms myself; if you like I will take the mcsstfge up for you," he replied, and found himself standing with the message in his hand while the youngster scampered away. So fresh from -the office was the telegram that the -gum on "the en velope was quite wet, and making sure that he" was alone in the hall, Mark deftly ex. tracted the contents. It was the wire which Simon Durke had sent off from Portland late that afternoon, requesting Vipan's presence, and hinting at "mischief." The message had been ad dressed to Rookley Wood in the first in stance, but had been repeated to Vipan's London address by the Monk's Hadley post master, according to liis standing instruc tions. Hence the lateness in delivery. Mark had barely time to ifiaster the place and hour of despatch and the words of the message when the .sound of the lift descend ing caused him to restore it to the enevlope. A moment later he took his place in the lift for conveyance to the fourth floor, where, the attendant informed him, Mr. Vipan had his suite. The gentleman was in town, -but whether he was in or not the man could not say. The latter question was not long left in doubt. . Mark had his finger still on the button of the bell at the door of the flat when Vipan himself appeared, with a light overcoat over his evening dress, and evi dently on the point of going out. The mil lionaire of Brookley Wood never forgot a face, and, brief as had been their acquaint ance, he welcomed his visitor by name. "Come in, Mr. Taverner," he said, proffer ing his hand. "I was just off to a club where they do a little baccarat, but I can spare ten minutes. All right, Davis," he added to the servant' who appealed, "I was in the passage and opetfTOie.d9sipj'Sclf.'' The man/lisBWrM;-.h' Mark handed Vipan Hte- Thjtegnini, saying, «"ffirst let me give yqu-Hils"' Tlie\IfigJaplff boy who brougilb5t'IfiskcdnV''jm tqke -lL up to you— as he fcamfln'fnouldnTNvaft.'' Vipan Jfqu-nedJfead/fhe message, for the fra»Aioi6jJ.a' -suco'nilqjtanced askance at Mark, and-HiUriWpting the telegram into his pocket, invited his visitor into the din- ingrobm. The remains of a sumptuous des sert littered the snowy tablecloth, and, tak ing up a decanter, the host offered his visi tor a glass of wine. Somehow " the invitation struck a subtle note of danger in Mark's mind, by bringing into prominent relief the object of his visit; for if that object were attained tliis swag gering, purse-proud parvenu would stand convicted as a "secret poisoner. Mark Taverner was no believer in the occult, but he had a steadfast faith in instinct— espe cially the instinct of a guilty criminal— and Rita's recent warning backed his own reso lution neither to eat nor drink under that roof. Vipan could not be sure yet that he had come on a hostile mission, hut lie might have guessed as much. Politely de clining the wine, Mark opened the ball. "I wanted to see you about the case on which I did a little work for you last year," he began. "It is on my conscience that I may have been the instrument of a miscar riage of justice.. You will, of course, recol lect the letter from Cyril Bathurst to liis uncle which I found at The Larches— the letter which practically secured the pri soner's conviction?" Vipan grew a shade paler under Mark's watchful gaze, and his mouth creased into an ugly sneer. "A private detective with a conscience!" he laughed. "Wonders will indeed never cease. And what may have been wrong with that letter. Mr. Taverner?" "The letter itself may have been what it purported' to be," replied Mark, stung into placing a significant emphasis on that one word. "But if the truth had been known, as I know it now, that letter would never have been received or even tendered as evidence at all. Shall I tell you why, Mr. Vipan? Because the prisoner tried' and convicted was not the man whose name ap peared at the foot of the letter as having written it." A blank stare of incredulity, quickly con trolled, on Vipam's face scored one point for Murk, who. gathered from it that the millionaire was in the dark as to the iden tity of the prisoner. The jugglery which had placed a man in the dock on a mur der charge in a false name was not of his initiating after all, and it was a distinct gain to know that there were in the quqer pack cards of which Vipan had" no cognisance. The owner of Rookley Wood quickly re covered his composure. Ho deliberately lighted a cigarette, and then said; "You would hardly come and make sufch a stgtc- rnent to me unless it were capable of proof, I suppose. But just as a -matter, of curiosity I should be glad to know on whose authority you dispute the convict's . iden tity."' 7 ; - ;. Mark saw his chance. "On that of the sister of the real Cyril Bathurst,". he re plied. The shot staggered Vipan. again. That authority was certainly unimpeachable, and it Was a blow to the. sense of security that had been growing upon him to find that this sharp witted man of the world was acting in collusion with the girl whom . lie had known as Rita Bathurst.. But he was no mean antagonist; he went straight to .the weak spotffn Mark's argument. . "Then why, may I ask, did not Miss Bat hurst come forward at the trial?" he said after a pause. Mark was non-plussed for a moment. -He could uot give the real reason — that he had wished to keep Rita's name out of the case because lie had thought till recently that the real Cyril Bathurst might be guilty— without disclosing that the popular actress was tiie woman whom this ruthless scoundrel had attempted to ruin. But Mark had a more effective answer. ' "That question you had better put to the lady herself," he said. "Shall I bring her to see you?" ' "Most certainly not!" exclaimed Vipan in undisguised alarm. "There would be no use in such a course," he added more quietly, "because I can guess her reason, and it is one which holds as good to-day as before the trial. You mean to hint, 1 can see, that this wrong identity of the prisoner gives the lie to my evidence; , but you are quite mistaken, my astute friend. What is there against both the Cyril Bathursts having been guilty? The man I saw outside The Larches — the convict— nmy have gone down there to poison the old chap at the instance of the genuine nephew, who if the : voung lady's story were made public would be looked for by the police, and tried on the strength of a letter you found. That consideration will keep her quiet, I apprehend." "Possibly so for the present— till direct evidence connecting a third party is found," Mark responded coolly. That Vipan understood the threat was plain. "And you are working to obtain that evidence," lie said with quiet em phasis— "evidence which would put me to the trouble of attending a new trial, and to the annoyance of hearing a pack of silly counsel casting reflections upon my vera city. You had better drop it, Taverner; and I expect you came1. "here on purpose to be paid to drop it, "as one of your trade would. Well, give me your written pro mise to move no further on this wild goose chase and I will write you a thumping cheque— say -for a thousand." - Mark strove to keep the triumph from his eyes. This yielding to supposed black mail was, in liis eyes, an admission of guilt — an admission, .'too, that, somewhere the evidence' he was in search of existed. It should go hard with him if he did, not find it in the end.; "It is you .who are mistaken, now," he said. "I don't do that sort of business. I shall chase the goose till he is caught and cooked; and as I have got all I expected from you, sir, and a. trifle over, I will bid you good night." "Come — think better of it," urged Vipan,. following him into the passage. There was a- glitter in his eyes that caused Mark -to watch his every motion. But the million aire, with merely a shrug at the detective's repeated refusal, 'opened the outer door of the flat and let him out, slamming the door noisily upon him. "Phew! but it was a warm ten minutes," Mark muttered- as he found himself alone on the landing and walked towards the well of the lift. "I am glad I got a peep at that telegram. I must take a run down to Portland to- morrow, after seeing Rita, and shadow my gentleman there. The plot thickens when he is summoned by an anonymous pal to such a place for the pur pose of correcting "mischief.' " But Mark Taverner did not go to Port land next day, nor did he see Rita Bertram. He had stretched out his hand to ring up the lift, which waa below, when he was violently pushed from behind and went through space to the bottom of the well. And the door of Vipan's flat, which had been softly re-opened, was as softly shut again. CHAPTER XV.— A SUIT OP PLAIN CLOTHES. The Angel of Hope fluttered over the dingy lodging in the steep side street over looking the West Bay. On the morning after her interview with Warder Magee, Irene Selwood woke .well satisfied with the result of her brief stay on the gloomy rock of Portland, and the lively Daisy fully Bliared her young mistrets's complacence. It seemed to the two girls that the escape of "Cyril Bathurst" was already as good as accomplished. There remained to he settled the mode in wliicli the fugitive should win clear of the "Isle" after surmounting the prison wall, and this the two conspirators discussed as they sat at breakfast. The stress of circum stances had sunk all differences of rank, and mistress and maid took their meals to gether in the tiny parlor. "It won't do for Mr. Bathurst to wear the warder's uniform a minute longer than is necessary," Irene was saying. "The ques tion is how to procure a suit of plain clothes without rousing suspicion— also where lie had better make for to ehunge his dress." ', "That depends on what your plans for him arc, miss. How is he to bo smuggled off this wretched pile of rocks?" replied Daisy. "In the yacht,"- Irene whispered, her fair cheeks Rushing, " " "But'whateycr will Sir Henry 'd6?';;'re- turried tbe maid, aghast at the audacity, .of the proposal. The pert little maid waa n o great .respecter of big wigs in the abstract but she had an affectionate reverence for her kind master, whom she regarded as ih very essence of "the power-of justice. lC his own daughter to make use of liis "steam yacht for the escape of a" prisoner whom'lm had sentenced seemed- to her akin i sacrilege. 10 . "Ifit "U comes off as I have planned, mv father will know nothing about it," replied Irene. "And, Daisy dear, I am not reallv being sly, for even if he did know, I do not think he would mind-so long as the storv did not get about. I trust you so implicitly Daisy, that I don't mind telling you that in his inmost heart my father believes in Mr Bathurat's innocence. He was hound bv'the verdict of the jury, you see; but he did what he could to right their mistake after, wards." " Daisy failed to understand why a jllcjee who sat in scarlet robes and a full-bottomed wig could hot at. once have ordered the re lease of the prisoner and the conviction of the jury; but she accepted her mistress's statement. "I have thought it all out," Irene went on. "This is Wednesday. On Friday the evening of which is fixed for the escape we will return to the yacht, after completing all the arrangements here. On that day 1 s)lai tell my father that I have set my heart on a moonlight, cruise to view the. ruin that I have been painting; and he is sure to let me have my way. When the yacht is on posite Bow and Allow Castle I shall beg him to allow me, to take a boat's crow and land on the beach. Among the rocks ap parently injured by a fall from the cliff we shall find Mr. Bathurst in the dress of a tourist— that is if he is able to act on the instructions which Magee will convey to him from me to-morrow." "And you will take him on board the yaoht, miss— as a stranger, of course''"- Daisy cried, clapping her hands at the sim plicity of the notion. At least it seemed simple to both of them sitting there in the quiet lodging. "Yes, as a stranger," Irene assented. "Ile will be so Badly changed, I fear, that mv father and mother are not likely -to recog nise him; if they do I know that for my sake as well as their own they will not show that they do. Then as soon as the yacht is back at -her berth in Weymouth Harbor Mr. Bathurdt will recover and go ashore. The crew will be none the wiser, and even if it is suspected afterwards that the injured tourist was an escaping convict it will be believed that we aided him unwittingly." " "It all' fits in like a picture puzzle," was the maid's delighted comment. "1 think miss, that if you put it in the letter to vow young; gentleman that lie should 'run straight for the ruin and hide there, it will be best. Leave the clothes to me. I'll guarantee that he shall find a nice suit of checks, and other things in keeping, behind that bit of broken wall by the gateway. I'm going to work it through Tom Mytton".'' The words were hardly spoken when the deaf landlady appeared at the door. She had an unpleasant habit of entering with out knocking; but it was only, as she had been careful to explain, because she could not hear the answer. ."There's a young man below brought this note, miss. He's waiting," she said. Irene opened the envelope, and found that the note was only an inquiry from her mother as to" whether she was well and com fortable. She had posted a line to the yacht on the previous night, giving her ad dress in Portland. "I will send a verbal message; ask tho man to. stop up please," she said, but had to repeat in dumb show before the land lady would understand. The woinnn's departure was followed by tho appearance of a fresh complexioned young man in a blue reefer aud cheese cut ter cap, which latter he doffed deferentially to Irene, though the reproachful glance of his "honest eyes was all for the maid. Smart aud good looking he was, but there was a suggestion of obstinacy lurking about his square jaws. "Oh, it's you, is it Mytton?" Irene said, recognising the steward of the yacht. "Will you please tell Lady Selwood that we are comfortably housed, that I am getting on with my picture, and that I shall probably come on board again oil Friday morning?" The young steward made a "sea scrape," and turned to go, still with an eye for Daisy. . ., "You can show Mytoon out, Daisy; Irene added, interpreting an ocular signal from her co-conspirator. , . So the maid tripped down the stairs m front of her admirer, and performed the quite unnecessary duty of opening ie house door for him. The cheerless roa with its tiers of grey roofs one below I lw other sloped down towards the sea- Hut « was deserted save by dogs and cluh Iron - .as she had expected, Mytton hesitated before faking liis departure. i, "This is a rum go," he said, scarcl in„ girl's saucy face. "Ican't make hem a tail of it-putting up at a place hl.c U" when there's a steam yacht as gooi t . - first class hotel available 111 c- Harbor." . "You had better, mind your own, and let Miss Selwood mind hers, rclow Daisy. "It isn't for the like of you to que tion my mistress's doings." - "I shouldn't do any such tiling » thought it was her business," said the _u » tressed swain gloomily. "It s my he > yours though. You have gammoned Into coming on this painting trip so a. can carry on with that prison chap wi red head I saw you talking to at H eymoutu station yesterday." Tho faithful Daisy djd not attcmnl to aw prove the soft impeachment. T 10 B0 , would have. had .to disclose the real facts o the case, arid, she would have baton tongue out rather than thus mat lrt- r rrTshe knew. lier. jealous loyor will |. dopes- - gure that even in-such a cause | cn0U®1l1i(i not tolerate her flirtation with | jfagee. Siietook refuge in a .Bimple.de- I "mVc are not here for any such .foolish- I a » she replied, adding with a toss of her ? ,/, "And I shall speak to anyone I like,. I'r," Tom Mytton, and that won't be you if i make such remarks about me." If the denial failed to convince him, the Threat at least reduced him to sulky submis- '. fact which Daisy bad foreseen, »and Efvlii'cli'she took instant advantage. "Well, S n't let it occur again," she snapped in an- to his half- hearted retractation. "And, i you Want me to be quite frineds, you must : Bo more timn apologise." : "What arc you after now? asked her ' lover, eveing her askance. ! "That nobby Sunday suit of yours that i. TOll wore when you came down to the Priory the one you had on when we went that walk together by Bunker's Farm," re plied Daisy, artfully introducing a tender reminiscence in order to gain lier point. And she smothered his cry of astonishment I,y plunging bito an imaginative explana tion of her extraordinary request. Jlcr young mistress, slie said, bad set her heart on having tlie figure of a gentleman (Daisy was careful to Bay a gentleman) in the foreground of her picture of ruin, nnd as there was no other available model, ! Daisy herself bad consented to dress up and "sit" for her if she could only procure the necessary garments. "A complete rig-out— boots, liat, tie and all is what I require — one that will turn me into a regular maslier. You will do this for me, won't you, Tom?" the pretty siren pleaded. Tlie steward turned over in his mind every possible use — hostile to his wooing— to which his clothes could be put. Short of Daisy wanting to give them to liis rival he could think of none, and he did not like to credit her with such an evil inten tion as that. He therefore gave a grudg ing consent, and promised to bring or send the things early the following day. "I knew you would— thank you, dear Tom," Daisy murmured," as slie went in and shut the door. Mytton made his way into the main street of Fortune's Well, nnd thence down the steep hill side past the frowning Verne fort to tho railway station, where be took train for the four mile run to Weymouth. 'As lie sat in tho corner of the compartment he began to fear that he bad been hood winked and ibis jealous qualms returned two-fold. Removed from the spell of her bright eyes, he had r forebodings that in some dark way Daisy was going to turn his weakly-yielded favor against himself— pos sibly to heap liim with ridicule. He had no knowledge that either Miss Selwood or Daisy was interested in anyone inside the prison. And then, on alighting at Weymouth, he had his uneasiness temporarily driven away. As he was walking away along the platform he felt a touch on the shoulder, and found himself confronted by a well dressed gentle man, who said smilingly: "Surely is "the steward of Sir Henry Selwood's yacht? I remember you when you were down at Monk's Hadley in the spring— courting the pretty maid, eh?" "Mr. Vipan, of Rookley Wood, sir?" in quired Tom with a blush, "That is my name; come and have a drink at the bar," was the reply.' The steward followed the millionaire into the refreshment room. (To he Continued.) 