GLADSTONE TO BANANA. (By Berserker.) DUMGREE. 1 lííhl ¡ ii {g adieux (O mir kind friend» at Mount Alma, wo continue our journey to Dumgree Station, home twenty miles dis (ant foivards Ibo wes!. At five miles from Mount Alina homestead we cross thc Calliope Uiver and pass out of the estate. Tlie. country alternates between ridges and Huts with thc same high grazing qualities as previously described. When nine milos have been covered we pass Clayfield, a grab- ing farm owned by Mr. D. K. Stirratt, nephew of our host of Mount Alma. Messrs. Home Brothers have also grazing faims in tlie locality. Thc road for the next few miles takes us over pretty country, park- like in it» green sword, dotted herc und there with coolibah and gum. to thc fool of tho Calliope Runge, thirteen miles from Mount Alma. The range divides the waters which contribute to the Calliope River and those which flow towards the north, finally finding their way to the Fitzroy River. Thc range is steep and not easily nego- tiated with a buggy. On top of thc range the road to Dumgree lukes u. slight turn to the north-west, while another-the old nanima Road-which ]>asses the Rainbow Inn sonic miles to Hie westward, branches off herc. We are now in country lielotigins to Dumgree Station, good for grazing, and varied between open forest (lats and ridgef until we near tho homestead, which is \>er> ceived, as we eineiige from the timber stund iiu; on a high bank of Hell's Creek-a sih resembling that usually chosen by tin castle builders of old. Dumgree run was selected liv Mr. J. 8 ? Hell for his brother, the Ute Mr. R. »ell in iii« year 1BS0. Mr. Hell has continuée to manage Hie station on liehalf of tin family of his late brother with unvarying success. Mrs. Hell, a kind and svm|>athetii old Indy, relict of Mr. R. »ell,- still live 1 on thc station, her gracious demeauotn and hospitable greeting ticing proverbia muong visitors to Dumgree. In Mr. J. S Hell we find one of those sturdy pioneers who, although advanced in yean), can ye: take his turn in the drafting yards oi "cut out" an intruding bullock from i herd. Mr. Hell named the station afr* the Dumgree school-house, in Dumfricshirc Scotland, where he went to school. He i n musician, and when he gets down' hi "old fiddle" and strikes a few nations aim, one knows that our host bas yet i regard for thc land of his birth. Dumgree contained in Hie first instarte 250 square miles ; but only about one- thin of that area may be said to have been used The country is broken into nnmerou gullies and ravines, with precipitous hill rising to medium height. There arc som stretches of fiats : but the level portion are decidedly in the minority. Mr. Dei was evidently thinking of the highlands o Scotland when he selected Dumgree rur Hut withal there is some good grazing lon intervening with thc rugged portions, fact proved by the number of excellen cattle raised ¿very year on the holding About 4000 head arc run on an ave.ragi some being hied and fattened. The principal portion of Dumgree is coi fained in a freehold of 7000 acres. Tbei is yet a large area under occupatio license which could be selected for grazin farms : but the small holders evident! have too wide a scope to choose from, an have, therefore, not thought it worth whil 10 acquire n portion of thc Dumgree hill Eventually, however, the country here wi receive the attention of gruzing farmer It is not bad grazing land, and is we watered, lt is exactly thc class of countr to suit Angora goats, and when the moimi industry attracts attention, such land e this will bc valuable. Tlie chief watereouise is Hell's Creel which takes a ser|ientiiie course throng the holding and joins thc Dee River s Double Creek, near Calliungal liomestciu on the Wcstwood-llannna Road. Thc Do River joins thc Dee near Hannes Sintió] The Dee then carries all the waters drab ing this country into the Dawson Rive which, in tura', conveys it to the Fitr.ro River. Dumgree was originally intended for sheep station. In 18(11 it was stocked wit sheep, which did well for some years ; bi thc spear grass seed increased to such a extent that cattle were substituted in 188 Thc wool grown was of splendid qualii; while thc sheep were invariably in goo condition. The old wool-shed still staue on thc risc facing thc dwelling. The zamia is prevalent on the hills i Dumgree. It lin« been long sus|>ccled i being thc cause of rickets in cattle : bl cnlllenicn relate some curious facts coi coning it. lt may lie mentioned that M Stirrat!:, of Mount Alma, has had zamia o the run since bc took possession of it : bi 11 bus licen only in later years that catt have been affected with rickets. Hem the query arises ns to whether the zami was Hie cause. The same experience ma be cited as regards Dumgree, The dingo finds a suitable home in H hills and gullies .surrounding Dumgree, nu his numbers arc great. Hunting him pn vides a certain amount of sport while lends to reduce the number which, wlic night falls, prowl round Ibo homestead giving vont to plaintive howls. The ci of the dingo is a weird sound. Heard < dead nf night, echoing out in tihc stillness, it si likes ii melancholy chord, miggestivo of the wailing of an evil soul. "As tlie evening shades prevailed" Messrs. Hell Itrothers handed the writer and his com- panion a lille each and invited them to climb the hills nt the rear of the home- stead' to see the sunset, and, pcrhnps, have a shot at a dingo. No little exertion wa» required to reach the summit. Our friends, used In mountain climbing, seemed to walk up with little etfort compared with the struggle of the writer and his companion. Mr. .lohn Hell, the younger, persisted in pointing out several peculiarities in the geological formation of thc. country ; but lie failed to elicit a reply, as it took us all our time to get sulliciont breath to reach thc top of tlie hill. Once on top tlie ro- mantic scenery on every side, repaid tlie exertion of climbing. The votions chains of mountains seemed to blend in a con- fused mass. The only regular outline of «ny extent perceptible were the Dee Runge« on thc north-east. Towaids the east the fertile valley of tile Calliope that we passed over a day or two previously could be more clearly defined as to its ex- tent and outline. Although wc were not' at a very high altitude, wo had a wide view of the country lying along »lie coast. Looking to thc west thc declining sun wns imparting a roseate hue to tlie horizon. As it neared the crest of a small hill in tlie distance, it was like a golden ball, and as it sank among tile trees on the hill-top, it piesented a striking picture. As we descend a spur of the hill on the western side we hear the first eventide call of the dingo ; but he is too cunning to show himself. Darkness is now stealing up the mountain side, and wc decide to get home BS soon, as possible. As wu walk along strange noises incidental to tlie bush float on Hie air. The rustle of the leaves as a gentle breeze pervades the ravines, tlie hoot of the niophawk, and the hundred and one sounds that betoken " bush ghosts of the night" falls on the car. " The bittern drums upon his log In muffled beat suggesting death ; And ever and' anon the breath ls caught when heard the native dog." With Mr. T. Hell wc drive about five miles from the homestead to some lagoons to shoot. Thc place literally teemed with wild fowl, among which were black swan, teal, widgeon, and duck. Wonga, and squatter pigeons were seen in goodly num- bers. Where the lagoons are situated is the best patt of tlie holding of Dumgree. There are stockyards, and the principal work in handling Hie cattle is done here. The homestead was built under the super- vision of Mr. John Hell. It is a model of neatness. The outbuildings have been erected in a manner which implies good workmanship. A gurdon fronts the house and extends to the brink of the high bank rising up from Hell's Creek. The bank is perpendicular, and a masonry retaining wall has been built to sustain tile earth at the top. Thc garden is planted with omnge, lemon, mandarin, lime, and many other tree*. Mr. Hell states he has been successful in growing any kind of crop. Lucerne did very well in the flats below the house. Mr. Bell contends that the lo- cality is well adapted for agriculture. Th« rainfall luis been ample, taken on an ave- rage, since he has been at Dumgree. KILBIRNIE. After leaving Dumgree for Kilbirnie, our next stage, we encounter the wornt coun tiy lo travel over wc had yet experienced on our journey. The first few miles we cross Bell's Creek, which winds round thc gorges no less than tem times. Sometimes the road is along Hbo bcd of the creek and is heavy for travelling, being loose sand. Occasionally we ¡lass over ridges and along rocky deliles. causing our vehicle to jolt terribly. When about «gilt miles from Dumgree we come to a tremendously steep gradient. Wc get out of thc buggy toper mil, the horses to more easily negotiate tho hill. It is a long pull, probably a mile, 'be- fore wc reach tlie summit, and oben wc find another equally -as sleep. When we reach thc top of the range wc cross over the boundary between Dumgree and Kilbirnie and ran along a kind of plateau of open j forest country for a further six miles, and i arpvc at Kilbirnie homestead. Kilbirnie was selected as a cattle run by Mr. J. CauipbcU, the present owner, iii 1884\. Mr. Campbell look up a grazing lease of 10,000 acres and .l/eqiiired therigiht to run stock over a targe area, under occu- pation license. The ran joins Calliungal on the. west, Kroombit on thc east, Dum- gree on the north, and The Prairie on the south. Tlie soil round about the home- stead varies to that on the north sido of the range. It is a kind of red loam, and, judging from tlie. prolific fruit trees and phillis in the garden fronting tile house, is highly fertile. Mr. and Mrs. Campbell caine from Ayr- shire. Scotland, to Queensland in IS7.1. They belong to I hal class of settler which always, under reasonable conditions, sue eeeds. Mrs. Campbell:is one oí those kind heanlcd ladies often met in die 'bush. Com- paratively isolated in the wilds of the forest, she and her husband are, os a mle, J glad to see visitors. Yielding to the per- suasive power of our lrost and hostess, we stayed two days at Kilbirnie to recoup our strength os Mis. Campbell suggested. As we had gained in weight considerably since starting on our trip, and were, to use a Spotting phrase, " in tlie pink of condition," thc remark of our hostess caused a smile to pass-round thc company. However, our horses were none tlie woree for a day or two more rest on good grass. Tho second night of our sojourn at Kilbirnie Mr. John Dell cline over from Dumgree, and we had' a musical evening. 'Mr. Ueti's fantasias from Scotch airs awakened feelings of love for tibe old land. Music under such condi- tions is akin to that true love so- beauti- fully described by Sir Waiter Scott " lt is Hie secret sympathy, Th» silver link, thc silken tie. Which heart ta heart, and mind to mind, In body and in soul can Und." Tlie country comprising Kilbirnie varies between open forest, ridgy, and a little of open plain. Taken altogether, it is very well grassed. Mr, CainpbeJl states that the cattle do, remarkably well on it, fattening very quickly. There is one flat of about ten square miles of very good land. The holding is watered with creeks, wells, and dams. Cattle ure brod and fattened, the yearly output being albout 1200 'head, all . Herefords. Them are about 200 liorses at Kilbirnie, principally draughts bred for sale. The (homestead' looks pretty in its setting, of greenery of orange, Cemon, mangos, pear, and quince trees. Some bads of pineapple look well, telling of plenty of that class of fruit in season. There, is no extended view from the homestead, the forest closing in a little distance away. The site for thc liomestead is cm a gentie slope, with plenty of-good soil to ctn ti vate garden producto to any extent. THE PRAIRIE. Continuing our journey ito the westward to reach The Prairie cattle station, twelve miles distant from Kilbirnie, we cross Cal- lide Creek when five miles on the road. Wlien across the creek we emerge from the forest on to an open plain, which continues for the remaining seven.1 miles to The Prairie homestead. The Prairie Station contains 250 square miles, in which are included IBO square miles of leasehold, the remaining portion being held under occupation license. The country is fairly lev«! and mostly tiickly timbered with ironbark, box, bloodwood, and gum. There ure also some briga- low scrub, thc first met on the trip across from thc coast. Generally the land is very well grossed, but not well watered with creeks or naturally-produced Heaters. Callide Creek and a few waterholes provide a supply for some parts of the run ; but in other portions recourse is made to welU, which have an average depth of about 50ft. The homestead and cattle yards gire un- mistakeable evidence of their length of ser- vice. Mr. E. Wilson, the well-known stock, and station agent of Rockhampton, in foiined the «Titer that he supervised the erection of the yards and some of the buildings in thc early sixties. The water supply for the homestead is obtained from a well 44 ft deep near tlie stockyards. It lias 12 ft. of water in it constantly. Around the homestead Ute country is level, with on o\«sa plain stretching* for about seven or eight miles towards tlie north. About 12,000 acres have been ring- barked. Thc boundaries are not fenced, thc limitations of thc run being defined by promiscuous ridges or old watercourses as the case may be. Here, as in many other places embracing similar country, thc stockowners hove their periodical musters and sort out any stray cattle belonging to a neighbour, who, if he is not represented gt thc mustering, receives word that a certain number of his cattle have been found among thc herds of the adjoining holders and are ready for his disposal. Four large paddocks hnvc been enclosed for fattening purposes. Tho country comprising Tho Prairie, a name derived from thc open plnin referred to, was selected in the beginning of the sixties by Mr. Walsh, but was almost im- mediately purchased by Mr. Morton, now in New Zealand. Six years ago the pro peity was acquired by thc Queensland Cattle Company, formerly the Queensland Investment Company. Mr. H. Goodrich, (bc present manager, was appointed two yeurs ago. A herd of about 15000 Shorthorn cattle is raised annually on an average and about twenty blood horses. Some parts of the run have been recently" surveyed into grazing forms ready lo be thrown open for selection. The land is good for grazing : but water will need lo be conserved in dum?? or tunk> or else ob- tained from wells. Teaching the Hincks a Lesson. There is n story told ill which Tlie Prairie is associated regarding un attempt to teach the blacks, in the early days, winn waa termed " a lesson " for Mime alleged misdeeds. Thc " teaching ol the lesson," which might have ended disastrously for the whiles engaged ju it, bus its humorous aspect. Did liimds tell the story, and us the various narratives seem to agree, its accuracy may bc taken for granted. It appcai-s that* during Slr. Morton"» tenure of Thc Prairie (sonic time towards tbe close of thc sixties) thc aborigines had given thc station trouble by spearing callie and other nefarious practices, and a " council of wai' " ivas held. .It was arranged that nil avail- able hands both on Thc Prairie und neigh- bouring stations should be mustered to sur- round a camp of about 20(1 niggem. For nome days active preparations were going on-making bullets, filling powder ilusks, and cleaning fneainis. Speculation was rife among thc projected besiegers as lo tlie number of niggers euch would bring down. Each picture on the walls of the dwelling was an imaginar}' nigger, und steady aim was practised at thc portraits of, perhaps, dead warriors who had fought for-thc honour of Great liritain in the long .ugo. Of eourw they did not actually shoot at Hie pictures, ll iras merely an ebulli- tion of that feeling which prompts en- thusiasm when men anticipate great deeds. Everything being in readiness, one night n cavalcade wended its way slowly out of thc station yards to thc seem- of action. Thc blacks liad by sonic means heard that war was to be declared against them, arid, in consMjuenco, made preparations for a defence. The «nvuge in Jus pristine condi- tion nts in preat contract to (the somno- lent rigger of the present day. Before the advent ot the whites with tobacco and ruir, and in later years the 'Omnamnn with opium, thc original race was alert and ac- tive. Thc members of tlie party rode to within a mile or so of Wie blacks' camp and secured thc horses, continuing on foot. They mw a fire on the outskirts of the tim- ber, about live miles from "che homestead, and cautiously approached it ; but on find- ing no blacks a'hout, proceeded further to se.'. »'Hither fire, with the same result. It appears the blacks had cunningly lit fires to entrap the unwary besiegers some dis- tance from their main camp, knowing that the whites would take notice of any fires in the vicinity. While tho party that was to teach the blacks a valuable lesson was titci'HIiily creeping onwards »Iis blacks were gradually closing round. One or two blacks and a .gin who wer? friendly to the station people cuni' running along to in- form the white» that they were surrounded and that "(blackfellow " would kill them sill if they did not gel buck to thc horses and ride for their lives. The leaders of the party, seeing tlie blacks running towards, tfliem, thought they wcie being charged, and some of them in :thcir flurry, fright, and excitement, discharged their weapon« xinintraiikmsUy in the aiv cr hito the ground. in aUwnpting to iie-load some put "bullets in the {runs before the powder, while one, w> awfully nervous, pulled a revolver off, shooting a comrade in me 'heel. One 4»omciiing wr.s thrown and stuck into the calf of a squallier'a leg. He thought he w-as killed and howled unmerci- fully, while, bopping round oh one foot, bc gripped the other in bis hand. The brave party ran back as best it eould to the horses, pursued by the blacks, who, ap- parently, did not wish to luke life. Thc blacks delighted in 'telling the story to neighbouring station hands, exclaiming. "" My word, you ought see while fellow run, j blackfellow after bini like ulong emu." Any further lessons lo blacks were deferred hy thc gallant band. 