s-jmtii. -I- -r i riiimn n OWNER UP. That in what all good sportsmen like to i soo — ' owner up. ' Tlio N.H. business is not in some respects particularly flourisn- inir or eminently oxciting ; there is too much of the dog-eut-dog stylo about If an intelligent observer goos into tno paddock at a jumping mooting, a examines tho class of ownere wlio parade there as if it were their propc I sphere, he will see few amongst thorn wlio race tor nnytning out etill who got much. i,rM„ Tlieso are termed breod-and- cheeso sportsmen: they are not a charming foaturo of the landscape. Tho otlior sort, those who run horses for honour ana glory, and love to win a small race oven though they have not had a parcel on tho winner, are becoming lamentably .._.i„_ w w Tlio result HUiriU uiiuwt |. Tim I niAY be imagined without difficulty. J dog-cat-dog gcntlcmon havo swallowctl others, go for tlioinselves, and then, as a matter of course scandals crop up. >> 0 should all like to soe this phaso ot tne turf purified, yet, alas 1 none apPca/ I know how to sot about tho work o 80ThoroOI>is 0110 chiof inducement that now causes muny young moil of wcaK i t» patronise the jumping game, if cAro to do so : they con ride then own hones. Tho weights, differing « those in flat races, are not prohibitive. An cloven stone man may have n fan in steeplechases if, fond of ePrtl"« his own colours in public, ho ran get hold of a few good loppers with staying I power and a turn of speed. He | Do able to got a great deal of morioj with them if ho runs them honestly on their merits — which, of course, being a good sportsman, he would do ; but ho will obtain a vast amount of healthful exer- oise, more excitement perhnra than in hunting, and will get about the country in an ogreoablo manner for a definite pur- pose with congenial icienas. It was such considerations as tlieso which induced young Sam Flistcis, who hud become wearied of huuting in bod country, to purchase a few chasers with a view of riding them himself when they performed in public. Ho was prepared ti spend somo monoy on tho enterprise, having plenty to spend, thanks to a father who uiado it and passed into the hereafter before ho could complete or- 1 rangements to enjoy tho fruits of lus indomitable industry. We were riding homo froin hunting, Sam and I, after n wretchedly bad day. We had been pottering about in a persis tent drizzle since the morning— not tlio ghost of a run. Our grandest nonieve- mont had been to ohop a mangy fox in covert ; then all was a blank. Wo were Thiais good enough to chuck, I j think,' remarked' Flislers, as we were jogging along through the mud : ono might as well, or hotter, be careering round a riding school on tlio ton, jumping a small hurdle just as a treat. It is certainly dishonouring to a good i L Uitin Litvri rtnfc For Bticll WOfKt i I nunwr w u»««b — - — -- , - j replied wishing to console; but we I can't all bo sporting on the grass with I top sawyera, and all our days are not so 1 bid as this day.' And I groaned. 1 Well, I shall buy a few young blood uiul' answered Samuel, 4 and school them lor chasers j I am auro to get nome jumping then. Wliero can wo pick them "PI thought I know how to pick them up to the best advantage, haying had some little experience of a peculiarly melodra matic character in that way, and I ex plained to Flistere tho most correct | motliods to achieve his purpose. Buy sound two or three year olds, with some bone and substance, that have shown a bit of speed on tho flat and look like improving.' That was my advice, and although I write it myself, wlio would bo more usefully employed in nurs ing the children, it was really good sound advice I was giving him too. Moreover, it was neted upon. At the end of tho flat racing soason Flistere bought four or live young horses of the tvpo described, giving fair, though not fancy, prices for tliein. Assisted oy a good stud groom he schooled theiu at home, occasionally showing them hounds, and they soon became proficient jumpers. 1 In the following spring ho ran ono of I thorn, a great, leathering four year old, and carrying out his original ambition, lio was his own jockey. I attended with some misgiving to watch his debut nnd pick up the pieces. Of course, you know nothing about yours V I remarked to liirn just before I the race. I suppose one ran't bock him V All I know,' replied Samuel, quiver ing with excitement and eager for the fray, ' is that ho is a fine jumper, and wUl lead them a raro good gallop all tlio way. Some of them will ho tired follow ing mo before they are pulled up. Then we'll have a fiver on between us'just fbr luck,' I spid, and so it was arranged. A nice price I got, too, of course, tho ' talent ' could not stand wliat . -1 I . M.,» inntmir ' Ml IL TiH. tllOV ccrniuu -U mug jwrtw .. X- vatoly trained outsider. What th«y want I is a crock joekoy upon a horse that has been in every tipster's month. Then thoy dare hot, and that is why many of them havo to borrow money or steal it in order to get home. 'What sort of a race must I ridoT uskod Samuel before mounting, and I re plied : ' Oh, slip along nil the way and make tho best of your way homo. It is no use of you to wait and try to win by speed against those crack jockeys; thoy are snro to boat you if it comes to a question of finishing.' Mr. Flistere acted upon these instruc tions : ho mode all his own running, and won, looking round, by about twelve lengths. The young horse jumped beautifully. 'Neodlesa to say, we wore both ex tremely pleased by this triumph. If ho had won a National and an immense stoke in bets, Samuel could not havo been mnrn delighted, whoreas my only regret w« that we had not £50 on, and won That's what you got,' I rajd sadly, SSS For some time aftorwarda my friend wiw bunily engaged in trying hw animals, nud at lost ho seemed to find out some thing— a mare that was bettor than tho others. He wrote to me to that effect, stating when it was to run, and asking mo to support him on that occasion by my moral eouragc, and othor devices. Immescly pirated with her when I saw her in tlio box before the races began, I asked for- somo particulaos of her trial, aud when placed in possession of. them thought them too good to bo true. On that form she was a ' smaslier, ao wnen the betting oponod wo Imd £50 on, again at a delightful price, and I felt too happy ovon to want lunch. . ' Now don't forget to slip, along, , I said to Samuel, after ' chucking him'up, 'no hanging about, or their sure to rido voa out of it after tho last fence. When tho flag fell ho wont off at u rare rattle, and was soon leaning mo wu thrco or four lengths. Thus. hp. ap proached tho last fence with only one hone near him, aud it was a hundred to one on hiui bar a fall. He got over safely, and eased tho mare, thinking that ho was winning comfortably, iho other I horse, having been hard ridden for more than a niilo, had still a spurt in him, and i tho fine jockey on his back made tho best I of it. Ho got upsides with Samuel, I whose surprise and struggle were ti.- ...xL-ti.Hinnhn friotlU COUld I luuriviuuo , iiij — t , | not set liis mare going again, and was just done by a short head. Ho ought to have ' won by a fence.' Moral (for 'owners up ') : ' Don t ease a young horse after galloping three miles over a country in heavy going, whon you ran't ' finish ' for nuts.' | 