ONA. Chapter XXIII. MY l.ADY CAlll.lsiJ:. Tliey were itloally liappy. The honeymoon spent upon tlio Continent, for Lord Ormonde's greatest pleasure was to show this lovely woman lie had won all the grandest works or God and mau, had extended from month to month until a year had rolled by. and now they were coming home to Cm lisle Court for the first time. That year had been ft timo en chantment to Lady Ona Carlislo — a time of pnre and perfect enjoyment, a perpetual dream of delight. Every fairy tale|had com.e true, and a nowcr, brighter blue had come into her sky, a more tender green upon the grass, fairer fragrance camo from the flowers — a time when all earth and all heaven seemed to bo in golden light. For slie was with tlio man she loved — his true and adoring wife. The year of wedded happiness had been reflected in Lady Ona's beauti ful face. It was oue of the sweetest and loveliest in all the world. People tnrned and looked after lier and all desired to know her. Tlio supplo figure had grown more womanly j it wm (he perfection of graoe. While in Italy a greuu ni'u.ati Had liuggud l tho honor to paint her as one of his < Madonnas. ! ' She has the sweetest face I have ever seen. I uever saw such an ex pression of ' sweetly sad content ' I upon a lady's face. My Lord, your wife is a p.tin tor's ideal ; and hers is the face I have been longing for '.years to meet.. Tbero is a story in 1 it — tlio story of a great sorrow which 1 lias been changed to a great joy.' Count Tollo, tlio artist, had his wish ; and the picture he painted of ' the beautiful English lady ' to-day hangs in one of the great galleries of Florence. Day by day her gentle ways made her husband love her the more, if sucli thing could bo possible. That year of perfect love and hap piness had fully repaid Lord Or monde for his year of waiting, and to Lady Ona its sad memories had been dimmed by the glorious bright ness of tho present. Mrs. Poole had returned to Lady Hillsdale after Lady Ona's marriage, and had kopt her secret well. No one suspected it, and she meant to keep that dark page in her beautiful young mistress' life closed forever. Several weeks prior to this event ful day Lady Hillsdale had sent Mrs. Poolotu Carlisle Court to superintend the home-coming of my Lord and Lady Carlislo. The windows of her sleeping room looked out upon tho eastern terrace. On descending to tho servant's quarters Mrs. Dunn, the oldest retainer on the ostate, had noticed a look of surprise upon Poole's face. ' What is the mattor, Mrs. Poolo V 1 Mrs. Dunn asked curiously. ' I am 1 surprised at finding rho grass so l perfectly dry to-day,' was the reply I ' Why not asked Mrs. Dunn, j with a smile. i ' Whv. surelv vou must have hoard the rain last night ; it awoke me several times, pattering on the ter- ; race. I' was very sorry to hear it, for I know it would destroy nil the elaborate decorations that have been made foe my lady's coming home.' Mrs. D i :un looked at her with a' white and dismayed face. ' You say you heard vain-drops falling on tho terrace last night ?' she repeated. ' Certainly ; and so must every one elso,' was the decided reply. ' Y our room looks Out upon what is called ' My Lndy's Tovraco,' I bo- lievo, Mrs. Poole ?' ' Yes,' she replied. ' Y ou cannot have heard tho Carl isle legend,' said Mrs. Dunn solemnly ' that before any great misfortune happens to any of the family the sound of raindrops falling on the terrace is heard by somo oue. very dear to tho one misfortune is surely coming to. No misfortuno has ever overtaken tho Carlisles without, this warning.' Mrs, Poole grew deadly white and sank helplessly into a chair. She opened hor lips' but no sound came from them. Just Heaven ! what did it mean ? Was the dark shadow of disgrace she had been trying to keep away to fall at last, and drag her beloved lady down to shame ? Mrs. Duuu wrung her hands. ' Woo is this house!' she said. ' Something terrible is going to bap- pen. To think that the omen should be beard last night of all nights in' the year. Ono the eve of the day my lord brings bis now wife home !' And the two women looked silently into each other's white, horrified face. On this bright gala day Carlisle Court seemed to bo wearing its fair est dress. For months the place had been dreary and desolate, given up to the rule of servants; but all was , different to-day. From roof to base- assfjawa-t .j 1 „ — -jwsv.— . ..jusrr: ment the grand old mansion was. in perfect' and picturesque order. The flowers were all bloomiug, the birds singing, tlio fountains throwing up their silver spray, the sumptuous rooms tilled with fragrance and sun shine. Flags and banners waved over tlie tall, ancestral taees, bands of music werb stationod in the park, tho bells of Carlisle Church rang out with jubilant music, suoh as had not sounded from the gray spire for many a year. The tenantry, the numerous band bf labourers, the poor dependents nuc pensioners, were all assembled to welcome the young couple borne. They all said to each other that good times were returning to the grand old hall ; that with youth and beauty there would be life, gaycty and fi'sbicn ; and after a while— who could say ? — -the music of children s voices might sound in the long, silent looms. . ', Rumour said she was one the fair- ,'est ladies in all England, and.a great heiress as well and they waited with breathless impatience for the carriage to come in sight. It came at last, driven slowly along | so that tlie eyes of the popple might l dwell with delight on my lady s 1 lovely face. Gliecr after cheer were given at sight of her. No fairer, truer face had ever made sunshine at Carlisle Court. It was a sight and a welcome that would have moved a strong man to weakness. Some who have never quailed on a field of battle have turned weak as a woman before a cheering ciowd. Not so my Lord and Lady Carlisle. Lady Ona's beauti- i ful i'neo flushed and grew bright ; i light good to see came into her jyes ; a softened, tender- smile play ed round her lips as she turned to Lord Ormonde at her side. ' Do all these people look to us for happiness nnd welfare ?' ' Every man woman and child in tli at crowd,' be replied gravely, ' de pend more or less upon us, my dar ling. and tire example we set them. We sit in the seats of the mighty, and wield a great influence for good or evil among these people.' ' Then, may Heaven give me grace and strength to do my duty,' she said, putting her slender gloved hand in his, and whispering softly : ' My husband, your love and trust arc more to me than the world, Thank you for all '.he past year, and may the future ones be as bright.' They were passing the fragrant lime trees as she spoke, Look, my Lady Ona Charnlc'g'r, at tho limes —look at them ! they are standing qu'te still— nob a leaf moves ; there is not a thrill in the branches. Silent and motionless, yet every leaf seems to have an eye. Tlio sunset has cast a livid, red share over them ; tlroy are no longer- green ! the thousand of leaves are dyed red in ihe crimson sunset. So red and silent they stand while tho hells ring and the whole household assembles to mcei, to greet and wel come my lord and lady. ' Welcome — welcome home !' the people shout. My Lord Ormonde rises in the open Victoria and stands, lint in hand, the picture of a grand and noble gcntlenmu — one over whoso head tire shadows of sin and' shame have never fallen. Tlie cheering suddenly ceases as Lord Ormonde, in a few well chosen woids, thanks them in behalf of him self and wife, for their generous welcome. Then my lady rises and stands by his side, a;rd the introduction is fin ished. She smiled and bowed with a irracc that seemed all her own. Hundreds of eyes that looked at her at that moment never forgot the picture ; the magnifienb,' graceful fig ure, so dignified ; the beautiful face, with its proud, tender smile of wel come ; the bright eyes, the wealth of golden hair that seemed to have caught the sunbeams captive ; the dress so rich, so costly, yet so simply elegant. They remembered the radiant face and bright smile long after the low ering clouds of shame had darkened Carlisle Court. When they reached the bottom of the broad marble steps, they alighted- ' I did not know Carlisle Court was so large or so beautiful, Or monde,' she said. ' I know of few places in England to surpass it,' he replied. ' Many beautiful brides have entered this home, but none more fair, none more pure and spotless, none so dearly loved as my wife !' Did nothing rise from that thres hold to greet her ? No ghost of a dead man? No memory of a passion ate debonair face ? No memory of a soft voice, whose whispered words had lured her from the solitude and peace of Ellsmore „Castle ? No fev ered cream of agony ? No memory of an hour of mortal peril, when a little head lay for a brief span on her bosom, and then vanished from her sight ? No spectre of fair fame tarnished by a convict's crime and an awful death ? Did none of these things rise front the threshold of Carlisle Court to greet Lady Ona has she entered her new home ? Who shall say ? One may read the stars, read the sermons written in babbling brooks but who. could read that greatest of all mys teries—a woman's face ? 