PUBLISHED FRIDAY: MORINGS FRlDAY, JpLY 27, 1900, THE CHINESE WAR. THE "Chinese clogd has speeldily? been evolved from, thbe '! no bigger. t9 a .man's hand" size tg a opaque _pass of gireat derpsity and area covering the whole political heavens: The Boxers are evidently now determined to treat the Christians and foreigners very much as Elijah treated. the priests of Baal, and, like him, they seem to have adopted as their motto, " Let, not one of. them eszape.'" No doubt this blood thirsty bit of Old Testament history has been read in Chinese ears by Euro pean missionaries, who, no doubt con sider Elijah one of the "holy men of old," and it is rather a grim satire that the heathen Chinaman is now, taking a leaf out. of. the soriptural. character's book whom his Christian, teachers con sider "a man of God." Indeed, it is inot at all unlikely that thg qsissicnary business. is not at the bottom of the whole Chinese trouble. As for patriot ism, the Chinaman has not verymuph of it, and, the. Celestials of Little Bourke street when chaffed: aad teased by the Melbourne larriinip during the time the Flowery Land's ar.ies were being defeated by thle Japs, were ouite unmoved, by. the taunts, of. tleir, tor- mientors. But in the matter of reli gion there. is evidently, a difference, and specially is the Chinaman devoted to ancestor worship. When the Catho lie church first. sent, missionaries to China they were perplexed for'some time as tgwhether this worship was really such, or merely a reverential looking back to the forefathers of, the race. Finally. the. question was sub mitted to the Vatican, and the reign ing. Pope. held, that, t e, worship was really such, and idolatrous. What real right have we to .meddle with the religion" of the Chinese , Of- course the Exeter Hall and Y.M:,.C.A. argu iments are based on the New Testaanigt "text, " ,o ye into, all. the world, and preach the Gospel to every-creature,". but this practice of pinning dgctrinep onthe.authority of, isolated texts leads q.o all, sprts, of. impossible situations.. The New Testame.tsays't SelI all that thou hs, anpd giv ..to 'the. poor,"-, ht, we nev~er: hear, of any. c!ergyaman or missionary doing this, save few and far between characterghlike St. Francis of. Assissi or Father, Damien" Besides, !suppose the Chinamen. said, they~had found an injunction in the.. writipgs of. Confucius commanding them, to pro mulgate them all over the world, would that, will-any man tell: us induce the toleration of public attacks on Christi 'anity; by Confucian Missionaries in London and, Melbourne?. As for the old idea that, the non-Ofhristian. rages of thoe.eart, tht~ they died were hurled down intobell " with hideous ruin and combustion," that has pretty well fol 'towed, the. ghost, and witch stories of our great grandmothers' days, and. is 'no longer. advancedaaa reason why we should, "'converi t" th?- poor red, black landl yellow. man. But, because mis-_ sionary societies have been unwise in iending men-and women, aas !.--to 'preach to the Chinese,, whpo, could find plenty to do 'amopg the 'ihome heathep," that is nq, reason, why pig tailed, demons should not be taught a stern lesson and the tender,, meP l iq black. supplempnted, by. the. lead and steel of, the men in red and blue,. The German Emperor will certainly " have it out" with John China man in true autocratic fashion, and, the latter will find, that the nurder of the Kaiser's ambassadors leads to a very uncomfor table regcko lig, t" is p'sssible. that. the. Boxers in their ignorance may imagine that they are more than a match for: the combined fprces o( the Powers whose legations: they ha$a out rage, and whose inpocent citizens they have so foully massacred. Npothing short of some such impression as this would have stimulated them to begin an attack on the European inhabitants of the country. There is little dpo?bt but tht it wo qld hv.e, bg.e. a nmost ill advised step, for, the Engl.ibh Govern. ment io have follUwed the advice of some European resident, 9f Shatlai by. threatening to dehecrati the graves of the Chinese Emperors if the Bri tish colony at Pekin was annihilated. Such a contingency as that the. rever.d. tombs at Pekin should beseized by the. British or any other European Power. has not entered, into, the heads of the Bpoxers at all apparently. Zf this threat had beeon made, by the English, it would only have, been ppuring oil on the fire, and, have, enabled the, above. peculiar people to represenqt thpe foreigner as nothing better than fiends in the shape of men. As regards the despatch "of 200, bluejackets with Maxim guns from Mell'ourne, it is. doubtful whether it showed much saga. city and forethoughFt, hpwever admir able from a, patriotic. point of, view. There was a fear once during the Boer, war that England might be involved in honti?kites with; eoriy o~her poer,.con- isequezit thereon, but the claims of the diferent nations ip the matter~ qf, the, disintegration of. China are still more, pregnant with possibilities as regards, !war between the. Mother Count ry and; some other, natiop off Europe, The places of the 300, men Thq leave for. China. will. have.t, be supplied, by raw. recruits, which is not desirab!le'at at time so critical. We have proved our. loyalty and feeling. of, kinship towards, the Old Country by despatching three contingents to the Cape, and the.action 1of. the.e 'L~ean Goyerriment. rý.ogard a. China is certainly more generous to ' wards England than just as regards thse protection of Victoria. 