literary Slotei, '€te. Lord Cromer, the representative of Great Britain at Cairo, is hit off in a few words by Mr. F. C. Penfield, U.S. Consul-General in ' Present-day Egypt' (Maomillan) ' He cares nothing foi' display, detests shams, is a keen judge of men, and selects his assistants with such discernment that his iud'ment seldom errs. Devoid-of a sense of humour, and unimaginative, Lord. Oromer analyses with great care a question in which the interests of others are concerned ; and, an opinion formed, his conclusion, is bound to Prevail. Viscount Cromer is a man of mar vellous industry'. He reads Homer, learns a language, and plays whist or tennis, with the same energy and with the same object — to win.'. , The Spectator takes exception to the state ment that Lord Cromer is without sense of liumour. A newledition has been published of the Diary of Thos. Ellwood, Milton's Quaker friend. He is credited with being the ' onlie begetter' of ' Paradise Regained' under tho following circumstances : — ?'During the Plague, when Milton took refuge in the cot -tage of Chalfont that Ellwood had taken for 3rim, the poet lent his friend the manuscript of 'Paradise Lost' to read. Ellwood, after reading it, returned it with the characteristic . ally Quaker comment, ' Thou has said much of ' Paradise Lost,' but what has thou to say of Paradise Pound ? And when subsequently Milton gave him his ' Paradise Regained' to ?read, he said, ' This is owing to you, for you put it into my head by the question you put to me at Chalfont, which before I had not thought of.' A description of the famous mounted corps kuown as Buller's Horse, raised by Sir Redvers during the Znlu war, is given in a biography of the general, by Mr. W. Jerrold: — 'The first requisite of Buller's Horse was a well built, sober, and intelligent horseman, who, in addition to being able to shoot with the Martini-Henry, knew also how to groom, saddle, and nurse his steed. This was re quired to bo an animal neither leggy, long tailed, nor showy, but a clever, cobby sort of quadruped, who could climb like a cat, and obey its master like a well-broken spaniel, endued with a sound constitution, stout and wiry, and with a good turn of speed. Al though the mounted infantry were volunteers drawn from various line regiments, there was sufficient leaven of tho cavalry element to in sure efficiency in tho mounted duties. When tho corps was first raised any kind of |dress ?was worn, but fashion subsequsntly exerted its sway, and a rather picturesque ' get-up' became almost universally adopted. Broad leaved felt hats. with coloured puggarees, brown cord breeches, ' baggy' to the last de gree, and so patched with untanned leather that the original material had almost disap peared ; a sort of patrol jacket, all over pockets, dyed mimosa colour, and also patched with leather of any colour on the shoulders, and ?wherever the gun was accustomed to rest ; brown laced gaiters coming high up the leg, ? and even thighs, and a rough coloured flannel shirt, entirely open at the neck. Such was the most usual costume. Tho rifles were of . various patterns — long Martinis, Martini Henry carbines, some of Sharpe's old pattern Sniders, and Snider carbines. Such, so far ? ? ' as words will describo it, was the outward ap 'pearance of the Frontier Light Horse as or ganised by Major Redvers Buller. Not per haps showy, as rogards equipment, but emin ently serviceable and unequal to any amount of unvarying hard work ; and for such work it was destined to win a high character. Buller's Light Horse became imbued with something of the endurance and soinethiug of tho unswerving courage of the officer com manding it.' . - A new Berial story by John Strange Winter v - {Mrs. Stannard), entitled ' Tho Married Miss 'Binks,'. begins in the January number of The \Womati'ht Home. The same issue contains \- an article on the boyh,oo4 and ancestry . of '?LordvJlosebory, and refers as. follows to oho of the future statesman's early oratorical ef forts. Apropos of first speeches, we were reminded not long ago by the late Mr. Cox, ? M.P. for South Edinburgh, that Lord Rose-] bery's first after-dinner .specch — a branch of oratory in which ho was sf f orwards to attain unrivallod eminence — was made at the Scott celebration in 1871. Ho was 24 at the time, and had beeu entrusted with tho toast of ' The Ladies.' The speech came on at a very late hour of the evening, tho previous oratory having already filled nine columns of the Scotsman. Lord Roscbery's own speech was short, but amusing. Ho had wished to speak on Scott's heroines, but abandoned the idea owing to the lateness of the hour. Incidental ly ho gave his views on women's franchise. ' It may fairly ho arguGd that no rights aro required by those who possess an inherent prerogative to govern mon, and that no legis lature can give them a suffrage worth having who aro accustomed to xeceivo the suffrages of all mankind.' He hoped no gentloman would drink the toast' without having the name of one, or at most two,' of the other sex in his heart. Tho ladies went away well pleased with themselves, and tho clever young bachelor Earl was complimented warmly by the lovers and husbands. The strange thing is that Lord Rosebery says he cannot remem ber having ever again been asked to proposo the toast of ' The Ladies.' The son of the Lord Chief.Justice of Eng land has managed to correct liis father as to the authorship of a legal repartee, wrongly given in nearly all the books of reference. Lord Russell pi'esided at a lecture delivered by' his son, the Hon. Charles Russell, upon the famous Irish orator Curran. At the close the chairman referred to Curran's ready and bit ing wit ; then proceeded to relate the anecdote of the judge who said, ' Well, Curran, if that is law, I had better go home and burn my books.' 'No, my lord,' replied Curran; ' better read them.' The Hon. Charles Russell, in reply, laughingly remarked that he had taken particular pains about the source of that anecdote, and the reason ho had omitted it was it did not belong to the life of Curran, but had occurred between Sir John Dunning and Lord Mansfield. A ghost story is said to havo been told by Browning about the late Mr. Ruskin, and is reproduced in Sir Algernon West's book. When Mr. Ruskin was a young man staying in a valley in Switzerland he came upon a field left waste because, the villagers told him, it was haunted, ' for all the children, but not one of we, can see an old woman sitting there under the tree.' Ruskin ridiculed the 'idea, but some time afterwards he left the place and went to a village fifteen miles off. Re membering tho story, he asked the family in whose house he lived, whose members had never left their native hamlet, if ho might tako their young daughter for a visit to the place he had left. They consented, and he ,dr°ve her over. As they approached the field ho said to the little girl, ' Tour eyes are younger than mine; tell if you can see anyone.' ' Nobodyj' she said, ' except an old woman sitting under the tree.' 'Well,' said he, ' what is she like ?' ' I can only see her back and then suddenly, with a voice of fear, ' Oh ! she has turned now and I can see her face, with two holes where her eyes should bo.' Mr. W.T. Stead thinks the tale a capital ?one, and remarks : — ' It raises the question as to whether the child had ever heard of the haunted field ; or, secondly, whether, supposing she had heard nothing, the vision was not due to the transference of Mr. Ruskin's thought to the child's mind.' The more sceptical, however, will observe that the child pro fessed to see a good deal more than Ruskin had been told by his informants, viz., the eye less sockets. The sensational artiBt seems to have added a few touches. 