The Fallen Emperop. . ? As ? ^r ? LORD ROSEBERY'S BRILLIANT. ' AND ENIGMATIC STUDY. (By H. W. Wilson.) In' 'Napoleon: The Last Phase,' published to-day by A. L.' Hum phreys, Lord Rosebery has produced a scholarly and judicious study of Na poleon's character asi revealed at St. Helena. Too rarely is the inner his tory of one great man written by an-, other; while in the present instance there is added piquancy in the fact that the historian ini retirement writes of his hero in the compulsory retirement of that far-off island which saw the slow agony of the fallen Emperor's death in life. _ ' The motives which havs led Lord Rosebery to such a study will naturally provoke curiosity. They are thus set forth :— ,' ? ' ' 'Why collate these morbid, ? sordid, insincere chronicles? Does not his tory tell us that there ? is nothing ? so melancholy as -fehe aspect of great men in retirement — from Nebuchadnezzar in his meadow, to Napoleon on nis rock? The first answer to this ques tion is incidental and .personal. To the present writer Lord Beacqnsfield once explained why he wrote 'Count. Alascos'— a drama ? nearly,, if- not quite, forgotten. It was produced, he said, not in the hope of composing a great tragedy, but of laying a literary !ghost. The story haunted him,' and would, he felt, haunt him, until he should have put it into shape. And so it is with this little book. It cannot help em bodying a tragedy, but it was written to lay a' literary ghost, dormant for years, only quickened into , activity by .Gour gaud's last iournals, and by stimulating leisure. Secondly, it is an episode upon which History has yet to record her final judgment.'' ? \- HATEFUL SIR HUDSON, On the vexed controversy of the treat ment of Napoleon by. his captors, Lord Rosebery pronounces a calm and im partial judgment. The British Govern ment was justified in sending him to St. Helena.; but it showed singular want of magnanimity in the, selection, of a gaoler and in the innumerable petty t restrictions which it imposed or allowed ' its agent to impose. Sir Hudson Lowe', the gaoler, ? ' . 'was a narrow, ignorant, irritable man, without a vestige of tact or sympathy. ... . . 'His eye,' said Napoleon, on first seeing him, 'is that of a hyena caught in a trap.? . Lady Gra.n.ville, wlid^saw him two years after he had left St. Helena, said that he had the countenance of a devil. We are afraid we must add that he was not what we should call, in the best sense, a gen tleman.' Much, however, as 'the infamous Sir Hudson' — as the- French call him — was to blame, Lord Bathurst, the Bri tish Minister, under whose inst-rnrf-inn he acted, was. yet more reprehensible. He shipped out Avhat Lord Rosebery calls 'a sort of area railing,' within which Napoleon was to be penned ; he cut down Napoleon's expenses in an is land where everything was four times its natural price to ^8000 a year. When the French suite hinted that the wret ched collection of huts in which the fallen Emperor lived was overrun with rats, he had the incredible want of taste to suggest that Napoleon encouraged rats ; and he displayed in every act and order 'meanness and panic.' It is a painful — a pitiful — story. 'Victory had not taught them (the British Ministers) magnanimity. 'Iney had caught their great enemy; their just wish was to get somebody else to shoot him or hiang him; failing which, they were' determined ' to lock him up like a pickpocket. All that they saw clearly was that'he had cost them a great deal of trouble and a great deal of money, so that he must cost them as little more as possible. They were honest men acting up to their lights; we can only regret that the men were dull and the lights dim.' .NAPOLEON AS HE WAS. [lBut it is;u]?b.Mie 'gMFp^gonist in this' 'terf ifcle 'drama— the walling up' of a man like him 'was- the embodi 'men.t of capacity.: ? and : energy, physical arid - 'mental,' : in a liv ing;.' tomb — that thie attention fastens. Gourgaud, as Lord Rosebery justly notes, has sh'owriv us the naked Napoleon, of fact, not of romance, and has enabled us to see the iron entering the soul: a Napoleon, friendless, soli tary, haunted by the past, tortured by the present, yet after all totally unlike the Satanic being that English opinion of. his own day pictured -him; 'Tlie revelation of this book (Gdor gaud) is . . . the forbearance and. long-suffering of Napoleon. The -in- ' stances of Gdurgaud's petulence and in-, solence are innumerable. . . . 'Gour- gaud 'remo'hsE-ates with the' Emperor .cnj/'.tbte.: double allowance that he gives Montholon. Napoleon points out that Montholon has a wife and family, which, Gouirgaud has not. Stii.ll Gourgaud grumbles. ... . . on another occa sion Napoleon utters a few gloomy words. 'I,' he says, 'though 'I -have' long years of life before me, am already dead. What a position!' 'Yes, sire,' says Gourgaud, with patronising can dour, 'It is indeed horrible. It would have been better to die before coining here.' . . . This all seems incre dible to us with out preconceived opinion of Napoleon, and our business is with him, we only make these quota tions to show the incessant irritations and annoyances to which he was ex posed on the part of his own friends, and the unexpected^genrleness and- pa- tience with which he bore them.' THE PASSION OF THE GAMBLER. .His personal magnetism, which on the field of battle, as a hostile witness, Von Odeleben, records, won shouts 'of, 'Vive l'Empercur!' from desperately' wounded and dying men, was not less wonderful when he had to deal with the colder and less demonstrative Eng lish : — « 'Maidand caused inquiries to be made, after Napoleon had left the Bel lerophon, as to the feelings of the crew, and received as the result : 'Well, they may abuse that man as much as they please; but if the people of England kntw him as: well as we do, they would not touch a hair of his head.' . . . 'Damn the fellow,' said Lord Keith, after seeing him, 'if he had obtained an interview with .his Royal Highness (the Prince Regent), in half an hour they would have been the best of friends in England.'' ' ? But, after all, the most deeply ab sorbing pages are those which trace the gradual deterioration of Napoleon's cha racter, for it is here that 'the insight of the man of affairs reveals itself most plainly . in the author. ^ Napoleon's dominant and ruinous passion was the gambler's : — 'If common men live to risk chances in the lottery or with the dice, on the racecourse or the Stock Exchange, if there they can find the sting of excite ment, war is the gambling of the gods. The haunting risk of disaster ; the un ?speakable elation of victory ; the gigan tic vicissitude of triumph and defeat; the tumult and frenzy and divine .sweat ; the very scorn of humanity and all that touches i*j life and property and hap piness, the anguish of 'the dying, the horror of the dead'; all these sublimated passions not merely seem to raise man for a moment beyond his fellows, but constitute a strain which human nerves are not able long to, endure. And Na poleon's character was profoundly effec ted by the 'gambling of warfare. The .star of his destiny . . . wad but the luck- of the gambler on. a. vast scale.' 'Amorist, agonist, man, that inces santly toiling and striving, snatches the glory of life only from love and from war,' sings our own poet.' But Na poleon was too fond of war, too eager to use violence, too impatient of the inexorable brevity of life, which com pelled him to hurry on his plans instead of waiting till the cement in the founda tions had hardened. GENEROUS AND AFFEC TIONATE. 'Was he a good man?' asks Lord Rosebery, in his final summing up, though not, we observe, without some trepidation lest1 the inquiry should pro voke a smile. Yet other critics, ? at once competent and impartial, ,. the' American Mr Ropes, for instance, have already pronounced that 'he is on the right side in the universal contest of human life and work.' ' 'He was,' says the author, 'not so black as he was painted. . . . His lot was not cast in a monastery of in a pulpit. He came from Corsica a little Pagan, viewing the world as his oyster. He was reared in the life of camps and in the terrors of revolution. He was raised to rule a nation, which, in 'the horrors of a great convulsion, had formally renounced and practi cally abjured Christianity. He had to fight for his own hand against the whole world. .- . . Until he chose^to make a demigod of himself, and deliberately cut himself off from humanity, he was kind, generous, and affectionate.' And for his faults, what an expia tion! Tihe- dreary years of imprison ment in his stable, for it was little bet ter, at St. Helena — the irrevocable past — 'the hopeless future — the torturej of remorse. ?? .1 s . Each man strives to flee that secret foe, ? Which is himself. But move he swift' or slow, ,' '' .' ' That Self, for ever punctual at his ' } heels, Never for one short hour will let him g'°- In fine, this is an absorbing book. The illustrations contained- in this week's 'Western Argus' are of more than usual local interest. The Muni cipal , elections at Kalgoorlie and the Boulder are represented by two snap shot photographs showing the motley assemblage of electors, idlers, and vehicles outside each polling booth. There is also a portrait of Mr. Stani forth Smith, the newly elected Mayor of Kalgoorlie, together with a bio graphical notice. The interesting pantomime extravaganza entertainment is illustrated by a number of portraits of the performers in character, which are as follow: — Group portraits or the performers of the Maypole Dance, and the Rainbow Ballet; Mr. G: Streat, so ciety dancer; dumbbell display by juvenile gymnasts ; Miss Maud Ton kin; tableau, 'Good Night.' There are also a charming group portrait \of the scholars at the Kalgoorlie State School, and two interesting views show ing camels camped in the bush, and drinking at a water hole. The V.R.C. Spring Meeting is depicted in a view showing horses taking the stone wall in the ? Steeplechase, and ira. portraits of The Duke, winner of the Steeplechase, and Haulette, winner of the Oaks. The literary contents are as usual bright and interesting. Perhaps the finest selections of the latest and most up-to-date .Christmas and New Year cards yet displayed on the fields is how open, and is on view at Hocking and Co., Ltd. Those who intend sending cards to their friends at Home should select what they require early this week3 as the English mail closes on Saturday. 