WESLEY AN CENTURY FUND. CONVENTION AT THE CENTENAlvY- IIALL. A two days' convention for the deepening of tho spiritual llto In connection xvlth tho Wesleyin Centenary Commemoration Fund xvns commenced yesterday afternoon, in tho Centenary-hall, York- street. Tho Hov. .John Walsford, ot Melbourne, popularly known as "blither AVatsford," and 0110 of tlio oldest Wosloyan mlnistors in Australia, presided. Ho wns supported on the platform by tlio Kcvs. IJr. Brown, D. S. Porter (president of tho Baptist Union), E. .1. Itodd, Rnlnsrord Bavin (organising secretary of tlio fund), Goorgo Lane, F. C. Buyer, W. G. Taylor, J. Hulmc, II. Wiles, Messrs. John Corbott, and P. N. Shule. There xvere also a number of ministers In tho body of tho ball. Tbo ltov. E. J. Kodrt said thorn xvas one means to tho deepening ot tho spiritual life which was not always recognised — the thankful realisation nnd tlio faithful use of the splrltunl life Cod had already given them. Tliey needed more power and God was willing to give It them If they faith fully used what He had already given. No good motbor. who saw her children xvns-tefully onimbl- iug tlio food they had, would think of giving them more. Their Cod was always bountiful, but never wasteful. To him xvho bud should bo given. Might not. the first step towards tho deopentng of tlie spiritual life bo the realisation of what llicy had already of tbo power of the new life? Tho most wonderful of God's attributes xvas that Ho should eoinc to dxvell in tholr hearts, not, as ho believed, In any figurative sense, but In a very real manner. Hoxv often dejection and worry and Irritability mado channels for Cod's spirit to run shallow. Power ill tlio Pre sence w-ould help tliem to do all that Cod re quired of thorn. For there xvas inspiration in tho very presence of Olio whom they loved. If they had accomplished less than thoy had at tempted, xvaB it not because they bad not realised tho power of the Spirit Who dwelt in them? There xvas tho poxvor for service. God waB in their midst, dxv.clllng In every ono of them. Lot them bo faithful xvlth xvliat they had before they asked God for a larger blessing. Mr. John Corbett spoke on the gift of tlio Holy Ghost. Their presence that afternoon was cvl- donco of the Pentecost. Centuries had rolled between tliem and tho first gift of tho I-Ioly Ghost, yet truth lived, faith lived, and the Church lived ami grow. In tho dispensation of the Holy Ghost It was their privilege to live. Tliey xvcro the spiritual' descendants of tho early dis- ciplos on whom tho first Yenlccost descended. Thoy could not live on the remembrance of tho supernatural In tho past. They must liavo It with them. Thoy must havo It In them. Every believer received the Holy Ghost, and in every believer the Divine Spirit dxvelt. No man oouid call Jesus Lord but by the Holy Spirrt. If any man bad not the Spirit of Christ, he was none of His. That xvns post-Pontecoslal writing. Let tli'oin ask themselves xvhethor they woro as sLrong as tbey should be, seeing tli.at tho Spirit of God dxvolt'in tliem. Should they not pray that Ho might be a mighty fire In tholr hearts, to purily them from sin? The Rev. John Watsford explnined tlmt at the annual Gcclong conventions tliey made it a point to have testimonies. IVlien ho xvas converted, ono ot tho first books put in Ills hands xvbs tho "life" of John Smith, one of the most eonso- ' crated men Methodism bad seen. He learned from bis Bible ainl that book that his xvorlc xvas to save souls, und that If bo xvas to be a suc cessful soul-winner he must be xvholly given up to God as a Christian minister, and havo tho baptism of tho Holy Ghost, not as a process, but as a crisis in his life. Ho had tried the grace of God during the last 12 months in trial and suffer ing, and ho had found it sufficient for every thing. After tea, xvhlch xvas secved in the hall, an in terval meeting for prayer nnd praise was con ducted by the Rev. F. Col well. Thore xvas a largo attendance at tho evening meeting, -when the Rev. John Watsford preached an Impressive sermon from the xvords, "And they xvere all .filled with tho Holy Ghost." I-Ie had, he said, no new, strange text of the subject. IIo 'wanted God to speak for I-Ilmselt through His own word. He desired to speak on the work of the Holy Ghost in believers as witnesses. By sin man had' lost the Spirit of God. and xvlth that tho' DIvIno nature. He could only he made right aud bo blessed by tho Holy Spirit returning to him. The gift to the early disciples of the Holy Ghost was something definite, something instantaneous. The poxv.er of the Holy Ghost xvnk the need of the Church. There were , clever, cultured mon in the Church xvho xvere prac tically failures in tli.olr particular xvorlt, be cause they had not received tho baptism of the Holy Spirit. If tho xvorld was to be converted, It must bo by a splrlt-fllled Church, and If the Church xvas to be revived, th.oy must have a revived ministry. Tho convention will bo continued to-day. 