BROWNING'S "CHRISTMAS EVE' : A STUDY. [By Brian Wibberley.] It is claimed for Browning that he is the distinctively representative or typical Christian poet of our times— that he has sent the plummet ot his gigantic genius to ing its conflicting expressions and fathom ing its dark mysteries; that he, like Goethe, 'saw life steadily, and saw it whole; that with a profoundly philosophic insight, an intensely humane sympathy and opu lent imagination, he has interpreted the contents of modern life— its limitation of knowledge and expansiveness of ideas, its sordid baseness and noble ideals, its spirit fired yet sense-bound nature, as it stands confessed in its art, science, philosophy, and religion; that the intricacies and struggles, the aspirations and defeats, the foibles and follies, the construction and wreckage, so evident in modern life and tendency, have been tracked by him to their sources Hence the validity of his claim to supreme place as a prophetic seer and master teacher of out fast-waning century. Certainly Browning is no mere singer of songs or dreamer of dreams; he is rather the per tonal centre of a prolific literature, covering a vast range of topic, idea, and character. He is not a maker of musical rhymes, or a pointer of picturesque scenes; he is rather a creator of character, a maker of men. He is a singing scientist, a Christian critic, and a philosophic prophet. In Browning's 'Christmas Eve' we have rtiions, as splendid and sublime as any beheld by Ezekiel, Daniel, Isaiah, or John the Divine. The poem displays the spiritual insight and philosophic foresight which constitute the superlative charm and su preme gift of both prophecy and poetry. The poem is moreover peculiarly apposite, as it is a magnificent exposition and vindi cation of the great doctrine of the incarna tion. Three representative and typical situations are selected, which comprehend, and may be designated, dissent, ritualism, and rationalism. These three diverse re ligious atmospheres Browning impersonates in a broad sympathetic spirit, with a keen, critical mastery, a fine spiritual judgment, and rare artistic touch. The poem is cast in narrative form, and whether a depiction of Browning's actual moods and personal news, or a pure hallucination— whether the first of its scenes was a real experience or the whole simply a dream — is a profitless speculation. We know that its situations are repre tentatively real and universally recurrent. The style reveals Browning's marvellous mastery of mood. Tbe display and inter play of seriousness and 'levity,' of the sublime in idea and grotesque in rhyme, of aim logic and rollicking rhythm, of sacred doctrine and sarcastic raillery, of spark ling wit and soul travail, show what a con- summate artist and interpreter Browning was of the vast world of religious life, with all its thought and passion. The poem narrates three scenes enacted on the wintry Christmas Eve of '49. 1.- THE DISSENTING CHAPEL. The violence of the sudden storm drove Browning for shelter to the porch of a ittle Nonconformist chapel, situated at the ?dge of a common. It was the hour for evening vronnJp. Irresolute whether he mould enter or not, his hesitancy on the threshold afforded him opportunity to ob lerve, critically weigh, and photograph the rarious types of poor, uncultured, but reverent and self-satisfied worshippers who ound spiritual pasture there. Blocking up lalf the vestibule— .Staoding sentry In the sheeptoUrs lath and plaster entry, Six feet long by three feet wide. Partitioned off from tbe vast inside, the defiant looks of the elect as they push id part him, expressing .their sleek, though ?ileut contempt for an interloper, impelled him to avoid further distinction and pass ii too. Hence I wand myself In full conventicle— To wit, in Zioo Chapel meeting. On the Christinas Eve of Forty-nine. Fie soon discorered that he had joined a congregation of rigid Calvinists, the elect who spurned to know all others— 'What, you the alien, you have ventured To take with us the elect, your station! A carer for none of it. a Gallio!' Thus, plain as print, 1 read tbe glance. fcgainst this snug self-satisfaction and base ly false pity the protest— Good folks. This way you perform the Grand Inquisitor, When the weather sends yon a chance visitor! You an tbe men, and wisdom shall die with you. ... 6tm, ulnr. though you're found sUvatloii, If I should cfaoote to cry as now shares! Mine's the same right with your poorest and sickliest. The sermon commences. The preacher had 'excellent earnestness.' but his ranting stupidity and deplorable bigotry distorted Che very truths he uttered into falsehoods. Bar rather such truths look false to your eyes, With his proving* and parallels twisted and Till bow could you know them, grown double their site, In the natural fog of a good man's mind. Repelled by the narrowness of the preach ing, the snuffling assurance of the congrega tion, and the vulgarity of their worahip, Ids indignation brooked no further repres lions— I very soon had enough of it— The hot smell, and the human noises, And the lead- like pressure Of the preaching, man's immense stupidity. 'Twas too provoking ! My gone rose at the nonttase and stuff of it. So, saying. like Eve, wben the plucked the apple. - . 'I wanted a taste, and now there's enough of it.' ? I flung out of tbe little chapel rhere was a lull in the rain— a lull in the wind, too. ' The moon was risen. And as be walks on 'in the fresh night air agiin.' tree from the repressing constraints of the chapel, he meditates on what he has wit nessed there. 'The preaching man'. was not all stupidity. He has uid. and siid well, some things that were true, and cre dit must be conceded him. 'The zeal was good, the aspiration,' and, as for the wor shippers, 'These people have really felt, no doubt, a something — the motion they style the 'call of them.'' These thoughts now compel him to examine himself and: his own religion. Borne onward in vision through the spaced of night, the barricade of cloud which veils the racon sinks; the ntoon bursts forth in dazzling radiance. Then tlio richest and rarest glory of a nocturne] sky greek* his vision a* a double lunar rainbow- spans the vault of heaven— A moon rainbow, van and perfect, Krutn heaven to heaven extending. Rut above night, too, like only the nest. Another rainbow rose, a mightier, Fainter, tlusiiier, and disbtier. Was this the foot of the Eternal Throne? Upon so glorious on arc was ;be Ineffable Presence about to emerge? His soul ij ravished with the beauty and splendour oi Nature, and his refined instincts lead him to build there a tabernacle and worship. This shall be his church In youth I looked to these vtrj ikies. And probta* immensities I found Cod there. Uii visible power, Yet felt in my heart, amid all iu sense Of tbe power, an equal evidence That Uii love, tberc too, vrat the nobler dower. Awed and subdued by this thought of God tilling iraraen^itie-s he now positively rebukes his own intolerance in condemning the sincere though bigoted worshippers in Zion Chapel God disdains not His own thirst to slake At the iioorest love ni ever offered. In his revolt against narrowness he had himself been equally guilty, and now with soul at highest tension the Master Himself appears— * ? I looked up with terror. Ib was then ... He had left the chapel, then, as L I remember, lie did say. Doubtless that, to this world's end. Where two or three should meet and pray, Ue would be ia tbe midst, their Friend, Certainly lie was there with them! ' But the Christ's face is averted. He seem ed to make as though he would pass on, and the spectator now saw that in 'his re volt against narrowness he had himself been equally guilty of the sin of intolerance. Was be now to lie' punished for despising these simple friends of Christ? He entreats forgiveness:— I tmttned cried out. white I pressed To tbe salvation o( the vest, Bat, not so. Lord! It cannot be That Thou, indeed, art leavinc me— lie that have despised Thy Mends! Did my heart make no amends? Thou art tbe love ot God* ' Then the Face turns, and suddenly his 'body is caught up in the whirl and drift of the vestures amplitude.' And he u borne along through moonlit space to the first cathedral of Christendom. II.-ST. PETER'S, AT ROUE. He gazes transfixed at the magnificent temple of Catholicism— Ablaxe in front, all paint and gfldlag. With marble for brick, and stones oi price For garniture of the edifice. He notes the great basilica Is alive. Men in the chancel, body, and nave, Men oa tat pillar's architrave, Slen on the statue*, men oa the tombs, AU famishing in expectation Ot the main-altar's consummation. He witnesses the gorgeous ceremonials oj that central home of ritualistic adoration. ??? The taper ores Pant up, the winding beaten spires Heave loftier yet tbe baldachin; ? The incense gatpuigs long kept in, Suspire in clouds; the organ blatant Holds his breath asd groveU latent. At the silver bells' shrill tinkling. The time was the occasion, of the celebra tion of the Mass, and just as the spectator had been repelled by the bald, vulgar wor ship in Zion's Chapel, equally so his soul revolts from this aesthetic display in St. Peter's. Can God accept as pure worship such sensuous ceremonies and priestly poi turings? Yes; for see! Christ enters the great cathedral. Then here, too, is faith and love, though robed in a garb of diffe rent fashion. Rome's teaching ia not so obscured By errors and perversities That no truth shuts. . . . I see the error; but above Tbe scope c( error, see tbe love. Thus meditating he is again caught up in the folds of the divine vesture and carried this time to a German University lecture hall. III.-THE TEMPLE OF RATIONALISM. Here faith was dethroned and reason deified. Christ enters, but This time He would not bid me enter. The exhausted air-bell of the critic, Who offered poor intellect for worship.' Possibly dissenter and ritualist may poison for healthy breathing the pure air of spiritual worship— ' But the critic leaves no air to poison— Pump* out with ruthless ingenuity Atom by atom, and leaves you— vacuity. Though entering not, he caught oblique glimpses through the partly open door. He observed the 'hawknosed, high cheekbone- professor,' and confessed his love to wild enthusiasm for this 'sallow virgin-minded studious martyr with a wan, pure look well- nigh celestial' (was mis Strauss?) who spent in the high pursuit of reason tbe energy which most men de vote to lower delights. Now, he discovers some love in even this rationalist's Christ, max Eve sermon. True, die professor at tacked the faith of Christendom with an energy that pulverized it very fine, reducing the historic Christ to a myth. The Christ was only a man; nevertnekss, his works prove him all but divine. He was not w&at; men believed him to be, but bis 'value' was At same. Thus reducing the pearl of great price to adies, he 'yet in his judgment left tt i pearl.' The legend or myth is only a toy, but ft serves a good purpose. This Man, continue to adore Dim Rather than all who went before Him, And all who ever followed after. Against both the criticism and construc tion of the Rationalist Professor Brown ing's heart protests. He muses on the anomalies of the view presented, and asks —if Christ be ondy a man, on what ground is he to be reverenced, obeyed, and loved? Tell me on what ground Should its protestor dare propound These arbitrary demands? Neither intellect nor goodness can furnish the basis of such a claim to sovereignty over men— "No mere exposition of morality, made, or in port, or m totality, should win you to ore it worship.' Browning con. cludes that 'between Him who created goodness and made it binding on the con science of man, and him who reduces it to a system of which the merits may be judg ed by man, lies the interval which sepa rates Nature, who decrees the circulation of the blood, from the observer Harvey, who discovered it. One man is Christ, and the other is Pilate.' But as Christ lingers within the lecture hall the spectator begins to grow suspicious of his questionings and strictures— 'Could my soul find ought to sing in tune with, even as this lecture, if -he tried?' Yes! for here is a ghost of love, The Rationalist's heart was better than his head. His negation and doubt acre a denial of Christ's Deity, and yet his instinct aud passion besought his hearers to reverence and love this 'myth.' By this time the storm had renewed its riolencc, and the spectator was caught up, mly to be cast to the ground: and as the vesture which had enfolded him recedes from sight he finds himself 'in the little chapel again; how else was I found there bolt upright on my bench, as if I iiad never left it?' Tbe sermon is just finishing, and he has heard it all. rtow ne can weigh it with due appre ciation, despite its taulty logic, strained bigotry, and coarse setting. He will no more despise the draught of living water because the vessels in which it is conveyec are made of clay, and suggest a taste of earth. His appraisement of the water's value is ia its virtue. As in the chapel a squalid humanity finds renewal there; as in St Peter's he traces a beneficent, civilizing, and aesthetic influence; and as in the lec ture ball he finds an honest doubt which calls forth a tender invocation, for even the Rationalist Brows for something more substantial Than a fable myth or personification; May Christ do for him what no mere man can, And stand confessed as the God of salvation? The characteristics of this fine poem are clearly obvious, and its lesions most salu tary. To-day let us notice, too-(l) Its broad catholicity ana wide toleration— a much-needed lesson, which we are slowly but surely learning. Browning, believer as he was, saw in honest doubt and sincere denial. a groping after truth not abhorrent to the spirit of Christ himself. Protestant as he was, he could not be blind to the sacrificing love of ritualistic zeal; and Non conformist as he was, he saw tbe instinctive service and rare beauty of aesthetic wor ship. By his vision the sympathies of his heart had been enlarged, and be could be rtow a benediction on Calrinist, Papist, and Rationalist alike. Needless to say this les son is urgent. Dickens with equal insis tency has enforced it. 'Poor Joe' had to complain when dying that each missionary's observation was 'that the other one prayed wrong. 2. The poem has further apolo jetic value. Like Dryden, Browning argues n his verse, and after weighing all evidence its insistence upon the doty of Christ lifts urn into the front rank of Christian apolo nsts. The coldest critic explicitly concedes that the character and work of Christ have peculiar claim upon man's love and reve rence; and Browning's insight seizes upon the philosophic implications. So much tang affirmed of the historic Jesus, what can be denied? Morality to the uttermost, Supreme in Christ as we all confess. Why need we prove what would avail no jot To make him God. if God He were not? What is the point where He Himself lays stress? Does the precept run, 'Believe in good, In Justice, troth, now understood For the first time or, 'Believe in Me. Who lived and.yet essentially We get here an echo of Browning's own conviction, and be it remembered that he is pre-eminently the poetic interpreter of modern philosophic doubt say the acknowledgment of God in Christ, Accepted by thy reason, solves for thee all questions in the earth and out of it. 