BY MRS C. N. WILLIAMSON. 'Author of "His Grace,"' "The Secret of the Pearls,""TheHouse by the Loch," "Queen Sweetheart," "A Man from the DIrk.," "Fortune's aport, 'The News paper Gir-,. Etc. CHIAPTER IV.-FTHE": CONV.ENT OF THE SACRED ISL AND. "I am waiting fore you, ;Paul,^ said the master of Falconberg:: (Then :this late visit had been expected, was the thought that flitted through Mary's brain. If only she had known!). "'So!"' aid the Prince's eyes lightened: - "You have found the lost one." "1 have brought her back to you from alnother's nan's aris - YOU can guess whose - but not ino time .to prevent. a scandal for your family,'" said the rasping voice of Paul von Isornis, as he roughly handed the half-fainting girl to her step father. "Your servants and mine saw the interrupted elopement. The porter and his wife had been beguiling their hours sitting up for my coming by entertaining visitors. Those visitors saw also. This is the end of the affair for me. The Thdy would have none of me at first. Now I will have none of her. Tongues shan't wag, antd eyes look askance when my wife appears. I wish you joy of your step daughter, Hugo-the Princess joy of her child. And since the motive for my visit has now disappeared. I won't incon venience you with my presence. You'll be in no mood for entertaining guests, nor I for entertaitunent; so good-night." With this, he went down the stone steps which lihe had just ascended, and springing into his carriage again, gave his attentive footman the signal to be off. The door of the ilouse shut heavily, and Mary was alone with her step-father - for there were no servants in the great, -dim hall. "So, you lhave disgraced me!" he said, Itolding her in front of him, :a merciless grasp on each slender, arm. "It was known that you had gone. Your mother's maid discovered your absence; but we suspected nothing half so bad as this. You do credit to your English training. Was it there, in England, that you learnt the arts of trickery and deceit?" "There is nothiing bad to suspect!"' the girl protested. "I was going to the Em bassy. You and my mother have been cruel. I could bear it no longer. It was not iMr Tristram's'fault. I-I sent. for him-" "You sent for hintm-shameless one! But this is for your mother to deal with. Thank Heaven, you are no child oLmine;" "I tliEnk Heaven too," sobbed IMary. "My father loved me. He was just and kind. He would have believed no evil of his daughter. As for my mothei' -" "As for your mother - what of her?" Tihe voice of the Princess caught up the words; the heavy silk of the. Princess' gown rustled along the stone floor. With a sudden, desperate impulse, Mary snatched herself free from the mani' rough grasp,.and flew to' thejwomaon, 1'ho stool tall, motionless, majestic, at the foot of the wide stairway. "0 mother, mother!" site cried, "if there's any love left in your heart for me, be kind to me now. Cruel things have been said-hor rible things, tzhat I hardly understand - but I know that I don't deserve` them. 'on't you help me? W-Won't you believe What I tell you? You are the only one I have in the whole world." "Let my dress go!" said the Princess, icily. "You are like a mad creature - and madness would be the only excuttse for what you have done- leaving your room by the window, at midnight, rousing the household, and causing a scandal-" "If that were the only scandal; Kathe rine!' exclaimed the Prince: And then, with accusations that seemed to drain Mary Desmond's heart' of its life blood, Ihe explained, according to Count: von' iKornis's interpretation, the girl's flight and Iler return. Princess Falconberg listened to tlie end, in silence, her lips tense, her: eyes fixed on the speaker. But at length, when the last indictment had . been made, site turned to let loose her long reptessed passion with a swift, fierce blow. Her strong white hand -smote Mary across the cheek, leaving -its im Press in scarlet. But iltough the girl tottered she recovered herself, and stpod erect, her blood turned to flame, hier eyes blazing jewels. No longer broken or afraid, all the tempestuous pride = of ?her father's race oil fire, she faced- the beautiful, white woman, like a-:youthful queen. "You are no true mothei-,".she said, in a low, strained voice, that rang - - more clearly through the great hall than the loud menace of the Prince's tones. 'hIf you were-if you had ever loved me You would not listen to such words spo ken of your daughter. It is that man you should have struck, not 'me, for through me he has insulted you, since we are of the same blood.: I cannot Strike him. if I would. But-I can leave his house and yours. After this night I ask of IHteaven that I zieed never look uPon his face again." "I Wonder that you dare takd the name of Heaven on your lips,'t said tihe Prin cess, "after the scandal you loave:drag egod into an honorable famlly,-othe ruin S'ou have wrought for yourself. . You, Who would hIave repulsed one of the no blest men in the Empire, t':steal off by night with a penniless nobody! TVWho 5Would believe a foolish tale about 'your friendship,' and the Embassy? Ah, it does not beart thinking of ! You shall have your wish. After to-night, you Shall leave this house, you shall never look upon our faces again: . Henceforth, You are dead to the world." ',What do you mean?" the girl stam hered, chilled by the words, appalled by tle look on her mother's face. "You have forfeited the right to qclues tion our authority, if'yobuever had it," Prince Falconberg- 'answered for his Wife. "WThe~in is" tmiie for y?u to hear That penalty You lha?e brought upion Yourself you shall hear it, but that time S not nos. "Go to your room. There is no feai of your leaving it as you left it last." y. .I will not go." Mlary cried. "I can not stay in this house to-night. I-" "Katherine!" murmured the Prince. The beautiful cold eyes read his, and tihe man. and woman together caught the the st byi the arms, forcing Iher towards Sstalrs. Mary resisted zeo longer. for it Was better to go off of her own ac cord thian be compelled to yield, like a rebellous citld. At the door of Iler keyroom turhey left her, and she heard the key tune on tite outside, as shloe Bpassed unhesitatitn ly in. Both window-s were ashenehad dlon with nails now, and if she hod rscited to try thie expefiment of eFcape agatin she would have found her o lf opelessly a prisoner; but there was no longer any thought of escape in hier be mind. Shri did not know what was to be done w iti her, but feeling was numb titIkf it oere true that the wold w. ouil wiomant lr as tlese two men and this Sdieda thought. it were better tIhat she 469 The girl did not undress, nor try to sleep, but sat in a deep, old-fashioned chair by the fireside, her eyes fixed un seeingly on the fading embers that strewed the hearth, until long after they had turned from red to feathery grey. She thought a great deal about Trist ram, wondering at what seemed like de sertion, when he had done so much; and as the dawn came at last, hope revived faintly, vaguely-for he would not vol untarily have failed her; so was it not possible that he had been actuated by some subtle motive, that he might mean to help her even yet? There was a clock on the mantel, and as it struck eight in the morning, Prin cress Falconberg unlocked and opened the door. Behind her came Matthilde with a steaming cup of coffee. "You are to drink this," said the Princess. "Matthilde. you can go." The door softly closed again; mother and daughter were alone together. Un der the merciless. waiting gaze. Mary lifted the cup, and drank its contents, almost ready to wish that there were poison in the draught. ,VWhon she had linished the Princess spokel "Father Augustin is here. We sent for him. He has been told all, and has given his advice. It accords with the Idea for your future that -came to nme last night. Nothing can undo what has passed, in the eyes of society, but the penance of your whole life to come may appease Heaven. He wishes to speak with you, and has asked me to prepare your mind. Are you ready?" "Yes," said Mary. She was very cold. The fire had died down hours ago, and there was a frosty chill in the room. Her face was white as the snow softly fall ing outside the locked windows, and the coffee she had been ordered to drink liad seemed to impart no warmth. But, though she trembled slightly with cold, and the excitement of suspense, she was searcely conscious of physical discom fort. "Very well. You cannot. go to the Father: He will come to you." Printess Falconberg's dress rustled daintily as she. moved away,. and the sound jarred upon the girl's nerves. A moment more,:and she raised her eyes to the haggard- beauty of the priest's dark face. It was true that she had joined the church of her fathe's- people. For once, gossip had not lied. If she would be 'converted," she might hope to win her mother's love, she had been told, when first she came to Austria, and she had hoped," and failed:' Now, she looked with pale- wistful appeal into the priest's b-illiant eyes, but there was no gentle light of pity there. "The sin of ingratitude is a very base sin," he said: "You liave also been ,guilty of deceit. If you would be for given, you must show-yourself worthy of forgiveness." I Mary :as silent. "You 'have abused the--hospitality of your step father's iHouse: It mrust now be withheld,. 'But there is one refuge still openi: to yoti, :my ;daughtert The MotherChiirch, .to whoniyou lately gave youriallegiance, offers'~-ou sanctuary." "I don t understand 'you," said the girl. "It has been decided: in: counsel be tween the Prince and Princess aad my self this: moinin'g that you should at once .be sent ,to the Con'vent of the Sacred I-sland". Arfairys: face-b ialtenied: "Oh;I should. be thaniikftl to;go there for a wihile," she cl;iel.: "It would bhepeace.: Of. course, I would rather go back' to England, but if the Sisters would keep me until-" "I see that even now you'do not under stand," said the=priest..- "You do.not go to the convenit as a guest, but as a novice.' After a1ll that has passed, you should thinik it a blessed. privilege ." A Wave of: color surged. up ..to her forehead, ind she staggered back catch ing- for supplort the arm .of the chair C'here'she had sat through tlie long hours of the night.-: . "They would, make me into a nuimn!" she stamnleiered," half=: beneath her breath. "They would make youlone of the Sis tels bof tie Sacred Islaiid.". "i cazn t do it!" she broke:- out:. won t do. it.: It iwould be,' a living death." , . : . :!: . ; , "Mvy. daughter, the reis no longer for you a utiestion of :'canIot' ori; will not.' You must obey. Hei eyes. dilated ewit: fear of the man, horror of the future.: "':Tliey can't: make mne, she falteed. ':I- ll:refuse to take the :vows, even at the altair ijust as PI- would have refused to: marry Count ?von 'IKoinis;a: your brother, Father Augustii'! ,I am not a child any longer.. :I 'have` friends, too .ihowhill help, if you are all leagued together against me, to make me do this tilhing.: Mr Tristiam- -" "My child, ?Ir Tristram is dead." -She did-not cry out, or fall, but gradu ally:all look -of life and youth faded from her .face. She might have been frozen where she stood. And her eyes, dark with horror, stared up at the priest with no quiver of the long black lashes which poor Tristram had thought so beautiful. "Dead-dead!" she said at last, in a whisper. Then her lips formed another word, though.no sound came. "How?" . "Last night he and my brother fought a duel." "Because of--me?" "Because of you. He died in his sinlls, without absolution, and in darkness and silence he will be buried secretly in un consecrated ground." "Because of me!" she repeated again. And after that, for a long time, she spoke no more. IHIe watched her patiently, keenly, as a student of science might watch the helpless anguish of some small animal bound on a vivisect ing table. "And y our brother?" she asked at last, in a whisper. "My brother is wounded. And he will suffer in other ways as well. All this misely comes of your fault, my daugh ter." IMary Desmond covered her face with both hands, and a shudder shook her from head to foot. She longed for the relief of tears, but no tears would come. "The Count is a murderer!" she cfied, in horror of the dreadful vision her mental eyes could see. "A man lwho kills another in a duel, fought honorably, for a righteous cause, is not called by such a name in our country," said Father Augustin. "But in the sight of Heaven he has sinned, the sin is more yours than his, for he fought to avenge you--he, thle man who should have been your husband, be lieved that he had thile riight to punish one who had robbed him. I do not say he had the right; but I do say, my unhappy' child, thlat on your head is the crime." "Then let me Ilde my head for ever in dhe convent." tile girl exclaimed, sobbing now as youth should not know how to sobl. !''Mr Tristram is dead; you say I have r?urdered him. Then the world is over for mie, because- because, Father Augustin, I loved him! I didn't know It when I sent to ask his help, or I wouldn't have sent; but I know it now, and every one may know it. for all I care, since he lis given his life for me. Let me go td the Sisters of tlhe Sacred Island As soon as you think best. If only I could die in stead!" - "Yeu should be thankful that it is giv en to you to live, and expiate your sin, through the years to come;" Father Au gustin answered, coldly. "You shall go to the convent-to-day." Mary had often heard of the Sisterhood who spent their lives on the rocky island in the Schrecksee (or "Sea of Horror") so named because in old, old days, almost before legend wedded history, its waters had been troubled by the evil spirit of a woman who lured men to ruin body and soul. The lake had been called accursed until Saint Eberhard had been directed in a vision to take up his residence on the rock, which rose like the dark shoulder of a submerged Titan, from the water. His advent-so legend said-had driven the haunting evil away; and the lake, instead of being accursed, gained a mag ical power of healing many diseases, Throngs of afflicted people had journey ed from far to the Schrecksee, which still retained the old name, to be cured by its waters and the prayers of the blessed ilermit on the island. Then, when Saint Eberhard had died at a great age, by his desire a Sisterhood was founded on the rock, and their dwelling called the Con vent of the Sacred Island-the oldest in stitution of the kind in Austria, and one of the most rigid in its rules of life. It was an enclosed order. The sisters never passed outside the boundary of the high owalls that shut the convent in. On one day of the week only might they con verse with one another, save to murmur the bodeful words. "Memento Mori." No letters came to the band of women who had resigned all worldly joys, except com. munications from bishop or priest on business of the convent. No letters went out, save answers to these. Modern life, and the busy rush of modern days, came no nearer to the rock in the lake than the small railway town on the Danube, a dozen miles away. Those who had the curiosity to gaze at the famous Convent of the Sacred Island from a distance, might drive to the tihy village of Leux, on the lake shore, and behold the dark, ir regular building silhouetted grimly ag ainst the sky; yet none but priestly visi tors, novices, or trades-people carrying supplies, had been received on the island itself, since the mild reign of Eberhard had ended with the saint's death. Mary was not fully informed of all these details; and, mentally half-stunned, phy sically too weak from lack of food to con centrate thought, her mind painted no vivid pictures on the blank, grey canvas of the future. She only groped through darkness for the one hope of consolation which she believed could ever again be hers; a place to hide in from a censorious world, a place to pray for peace. She made the hundred-mile journey from Vienna to Leux with her mother and Father Augustin. Heavily veiled, she still felt an acute misery of self-conscious ness, shrinking from every eye that might be staring in morbid interest at the hero ine of the latest scandal, the wicked girl whose folly had last night cost a man his life. Through the thick, dark veil, she gazed with a strange fascination at the people crowding the stations as they pass ed; happy, commonplace people ' who would not have to live face to face.with a tragedy till death came to their release.:It seemed unbelievable that, everything should be gding on in the world as:if- no shipwreck had come to her. Girls laugh ed, and rejoiced in their youth and beau ty, hardly knowing 'hy they were happy. She had been like that only a fe\v weeks ago0-fai away in dedii England. She re called some of the pranks she and her frlends -had- played at school, and She re niembered' the'- exquisite ipleksure of hler first ball, when she hadt been said to be the "belle"-and she had met George -Tristram. Now the handsome, dark face, so bright, so brave-that she had dreamt of many times of late, would soon be under the ground. The snow would keep on falling, as it fell now, and make his grave white horribly white and cold. And she would be eighteen next week, only eighteen; yet she'must- always be cold after this, cold with' remembrance; and she was going to be buriedin a grave too. But then, noth ing mattered any more. -The Princess," with her confessor and her daughter,:had a' compartment to tlheniselves; the crowd, like moving photo. grapihsi o:nly? passed the windows and looked in when the' train slowed into sta tions:..- Tse priest and the womnl whom he'ruled, spoke together sometimes in low voices; but they did not address Mary; and.by her the long journey was spent in silence:? It was much the same after wards, in the closed carriage that drove them from the last raillway town to --the little village by the lake. There, the mo mennthad come for the parting between mother and daughter - a parting from now till the end of time. .As Marystepped from the carriage to iscompany Father Augustin in the small boat which would take them across the lake (fed by warm springs, so that the surface was never frozen), her first actu al realisation of what she was about to do, came with a sight of the convent, Was it possible that she was to live in that gloomy place, the acme of desolation? That she, who had always so loved free dom and everything that could be done in the open air, would never after to-day pass beyond those dark, ivy-draped stone walls? Youth and human nature asserted them selves, and her heart contracted with a sharp pang of revulsion. She found herself catching at the thought that, after all, this step was not irrevocable. She was only going to take the vows for the Deriod of a noritiate. At the end of that time, if she had changed her mind, she would be free to return to the world she now forsook. She wished she knew how long was the novitiate at the Convent of the Sacred Island; and she determined to summon courage, if she could, in the boat, to ask Father Augustin whether he could tell her of any novice whoi had ever left the Sisterhood. Then suddenly she remembered the thing that was send ing her here. Tristram, whom she had loved, was dead, by her fault. Why should she. ever wish to leave this sanc tuary on the rock? - Tile girl turned to her mothler with one last, hungry, yearning look. If the Princess had had a pang of relenting, if she had so much as held out her hand, Mary would have broklen into passionate sobbing. But she had sinned past for giveness from that cold nature, and there came no sign of softening. "Good-bye, mother-for always," whis pered the girl. "Good- bye," the Princess answered, without a tremor of the voice. Then she turned to Father Augustin. "I shall be waiting for you at the inn," she said. "I daresay they can put me into a decent room; at least, it will- be warmn." Mary shuddered faintly at the words. Often afterwards, she was to think of them, and while she fasted and shivered,t picture the beautiful woman in lher sables, writh daintllyrshod feet on the fen der, a warm fire playing rosily on the white marble of her face, as she waited till her confessor should have finished disposing of a troublesomne daughter. So the priest and the gilrl were rowed across the \rater as darkness fell. 'He spoke kIindly to her, now that the Prin cess was no longer with them, bidding her be of good cheer. It was as if, since his object had been accomplished, and Mfary had obeyed him, he was ready to show her the flowers which might still grow along the narrow path he had bid den-her choose. Ife told her that Hea ven would be appeased). That there was a wondrous happiness in a life of holiness and self-denial. He dwelt.? upon the peaceful days of prayer ind meditation she would spend among the good Sis ters, before the hlour came when she must take her preliminary vows as a novice of the order. At first, she would merely be p guest, in retreat at this blessed asylum; there, in that chapel, where the red light glowed against the darkening sky, she would become the betrothed bride of Heaven. The boat touched the crude landing place. Steep steps cut in the rock, and coveredsnow with drifted snow feathers, led up to the convent walls. At the gate, Father Augustin rang a bell, which jangled dismally. In the thick oak ipanel, a tiny blind slid up behind the grille, likd an opening eye. The aper ture showed a grating, and the dim ghost of a face, white as its white frame of drapery. A muffled exclamation told that Father Augustin had been seen and recognised by the lay Sister, whose duty it was to guard the gate. There fol lowed the sound of a key grating harshly in a lock, a pushing aside of heavy bolts, seldom moved, the rattle of a chain, and the small door that opened in one of:the. great gates swung rustily on its hinges. A long look backward, a deep drawn, sob bing breath, and the close-clasping arms of the Convent of the Sacred Island had folded Mary Desmond in. "Well,Father?" asked Princess Falcon berg, rising from her chair by the wood fire, in the inn parlor, as the priest softly entered. "It is well, my daughter," he said. "W'ell for her,who will be known hence forth as Sister MIarie Magdalene; and for you, well, because you have given youri daughter to the Church, with all the for tune that would have been hers." "Better than if the money could have lifted a weight of debt from the Kornis estates, Father?" she asked. "My brother Paul would not say no." The priest faintly smiled. "But after last night, as you know, his pride could not have endured the marriage, empty as the family coffers are. And the for tune is a good gift for the Church." "Yes," said the Princess, with a sigh she did not wish even her confessor to know meant exultation In being freed from her only rival. No longer would she look faded and old beside a fresher face. No, longer would men turn from her to another, in ballrooms where she had once been queen. She had wished for Mary's marriage, because her hus band had wished it, and because'Count von Iiornis, who had so strange an in Iluence over the Prince, had wished it. But a married daughter, even at a dis tance, can still make a woman seem old; while a daughter in. a convent is speedily forgotten. After all, when the scandal of which the Count in his fury. had made so . much, was passed (as it soon would be, to give place to a newer one), things would be better as they now were. While, as for Mary herself, a girl' with such a head strong nature as hers was safer in the Convent of the Sacred Island than she would have been exposed' to the constant dangers of society. ."I am glad, Father, that you are sais fled,' she said. "If you had not thought of telling her the man was dead, I be lieve she would have resisted." "It is occasionally permissible to devi ate temporarily from the truth for a wise purpose, daughter," answered, the Jesuit, hiding the fire of his eyes under long, we manish lashes. "To do evil that good may conae. And though he lived this muornlillg., to-morrow we shall almost surely hear that ne is dead." (To be Continued.) 