A BALLAD OF THE 15REELONG BLACKS. Through England's ftikF llioy hunt ihe fox. In Scotland the deer chase they; In In-law! thev whip the rolnum loclifl From tho dawn to tho diwk of day. Aim Inn ins sportsmen stir-K me pig \ Awl follow tho tiger's tracks: But wlwre on ixirtli Is a nj»orl as hlg As hurting tho Bncelong Blacka? For tho g.imrri fox must, e'er long he cooked, Awl tho deer lasts a day at. most, Ami Iho heaviest salmon that over was hooked Must, soon give up the ghost; Awl iho galloping Arab soon IkmI the boar, Awl tho man-eater "Fax!" Ihit won iniiiil go, as I hoy go to a war, To hunt for tho Hroelong Macks. M'o British nro fond of n hit of n blow. And mnio hut n fool would doubt Thai in hnntiwr iiiqii wo im< nono too slow, Awl havo something to blow about. We've collared Pashas and Malulis and Chiefs, And Generals ami King bv parkn. Awl ChiiMv enl-lhronts and Hclnoch chiefs— Hut where are the Hivolong Blacks? Von need a quarter million bf men Whim a country of Boers you hunt: Hut hmv manv coppers aiv wanted when You've a onirole of blacks in front V Th«» Ikivs in blue, they're out by niol>s And no child hut Iho bush be whacks): b. ilS otic of tho merriest, Nmildllngrol julrt, 'tills chasing a couple of Macks. ' Tl«pv track thrui down, am! they se.e them plain, Tltov run (hem from tree to. tree; Ih-t the Broi'lnnir Blacky ylll! proudly maintain That their land in the land of tin- free, The Parliament |uvolh the Force full well, Awl- (he Public iiayolh the tax. Awl the "traps" ger a lot of It, so men tell. Hut they don't got the Drevlong Macks. Y'«. the FNHtnnte'u hoavv—or. so we're told— U But. ftilMuing a reward must wo Though (iovcrnors tln-v don't m»o. Tl-wiirli the (Inventors we wumo of them, at least, IVy s<s» a lot of their backs; Still, of course, the hind's very poorly imlieed— » Aim! there are two Rroeloi,g Macks! . Thi'V toll in that foeincn threaten our Hlmro, ' ITat they'll march to our motmUhiH hhH'i en h-t'i hope blue mountains arc useful more Than m, n of a similar hue. For at present we're fecllnc smncwlial alarmed, As. though scrub und rhtgcH and tracks Am nllve with police and "civilians nnncd, Thpy can't. deal with two Broeloiu? Black, -JINGLING JOHNNY. 