ECHOES FROM LONDON. (From our Srjecial Correspondent. - A PATF.IOTIO DL'KK. LONDON. March 30. The Duke of Norfolk is -a. man who re cognises the high duty as well a» 'the high pri\\-alefie that pertaina to ciste. He feels it to be ihia obliEitinn in set a. r«rr?oniil example to the yeomanry of England, by undertaking active service at the Cape, Even it the aomevrhat advanced age of fifty two. Serving his country at present with indefatigable zeal as Postmaster-General it would have been thought that he might have considered bis duty discharged; but since his vrife's death he has thrown him self into- public matters iviui great energy, ' and this last decision is not surprising- to those who know his earnestness. The war spirit is m bis nature, for he comes of ?«. long line of martial ancestry. ? The first Duke fell at Bosworth Field in the army of Richard TO., and the swond won the battle of Flodden. The fifteenth, who is premier Duke of England, now volunteers to uphold the honour of ihis country and ?his name. Was it not Pone, who in a fa ? mous couplet asked — '''Wliat can ennoble fools, or slaves, or cowards? Alas! not- all the blood of all the Howards.'' Tlie family selected by ithe poet for bis reference is worthily represented to-day by xhe intrepid Englishman w.ho goes fortJi in his country's cause. ? He will be the fifth and eldest -rearer of ithe strawberry leaves to go to the front, the other four being the Dukes of Teck, aged 32, Westminster 21, Eok bursrhe 24t and Jlarlborough' 29. The lady clerks in 'tbe post-office are .wearing khaki favours in his honour. One' of the papers recalls the fact that some time ago a man .battling through life under the name of Bitgg, adopted the cognomen of 'Norfolk Howard' in accordance with the provisions of a will makinz Ihim a legatee. Later ano ther 'relative died, ' leaving more propertv to him on condition that he called himself Coaks. It ouglit to be easy to entice men to suoh changes at the price. But a couplet like chat quoted is enonsh To make one chary of appropriating this partScukr fa mily name. His Grace has resigned the position aa Postmaster-General, and his -officials -will part from nim with retrret. It is said that he was accessible to the hum West of ichem. and when it was necessary to. inflict bardship in the maintenance^ of. djscipline lie frequently assisted the 'wives and families of disrated or dismissed of . ficers from his private purse. He has intro duced manv improvements and reforms in she post-office system. ? A DOLE OS LADY DAT. Last,- Sunday Tvas Lady Day. and many aVl customs were observed. One of these nt?s the bestowal of the Tichborne dole, a grant from the estate claimed by Arthur Orton, -whose marvelloiB mendaoty aston ished the ?world a-nd advertised Australia a quarter of a century ago. Several acres of land known as the 'Craw-els' have been set apart for charity in the estate, awd the pro duct of it is distributed yearly. The legend goes that in the time of Henry I_ Isabella Lady Tichborne lay adying; and, being ex ercised in her mind regarding her duty to ?the poor, she besought Sir Roger to set aside lands for their benefit. He, liard tearted maa, scoffed thereat, and. snatch ing a burning faggot from the fire passeii it to the Lady Isabella, saying he would set apart only so much as she could include in a circle drawn with the firebrand while it was yet burning. 'With feminine ouickness and pertinacity she got out of bed and crawled on her hands a-nd knees around the adjoining paddock, and thuspegsed out a very fair selection with no fixity of tenure and no fear of revaluation by the Crown-.Hence the name of the paddock. The lady's de sire was to be carried out, on iwiu of one of those penalties always levied by persons of this sort, who seem to have delighted in holding a Damocles sword over the heads of their descendant*. Default in this case was*tr- be followed by failure to beget male offspring, even though seven sons might bear the family name. Sure enough after 1796, when some alteration in the mode of dispensing charity was inade. seven male representatives died without leaving an heir between them. . . : A DEAD WARRIOR. FieM-Marshal Sir Donald Stewart died this. week a-t the aae of seventv-fix. He came specially under not:ce during the Indian Mutiny as commanding officer of the volunteers in the Allyphnr district. He carried despatches to Delhi at a time wfaen all communication was cut off, and later he served' at the siege cf Delhi,- and al?o at Locknmr. la the Abyssynian and Afghan ?wars -his distinguished services commanded recognition,, and at Wie conclusion of tfne ilafcter he received the thanks of ^Parliament and was created K.C.B., with' another Par liamentary expression of satisfaction at subsequent .date and the ?higher honour of (£C1B_ Xh 1881 -he 'became C«mmandsrin Chief.in India, and in 1894 was promoted to tihe rank of Field-Marshal. Throughout hi? military career it was his luck to run against Lord Roberts, whose genius eclipsed h?s ability in the* public esteem, though Sir Donald had the steart in point of seniority. Had his rival 'been le-s potnrt, the deceased warrior might lhave reversed the positions they respectively filled at the time of his death. ' MISSIONARIES ASD THE EJtPlRE. At an exhibition illustrative of misponary work, opened this week, the Bishop of Lon ' don 5iad some pertinent things to say about the Empire's duty to the heathen. We were passing through times in which the great issues of our national life demanded our .thought. ? The extension of the Empire de jicted thefact tot the British rjeople were called upon to undertake the task of preach ing the gospel to every creature. Surely we .were the- foremost nation, with vast regions submitted to our influence for some wise purpose, and thp British mu^t; face the re Bponarbilities of Empire, and know that the civilization of which they were the pioneers consisted not merely of the opening of trade but' also of the spreading of beneficient ideas. As Englishmen and as Christians they must face the position more sennu'ly. It .was asked '-why we did nc't ' leave the ignorant natives of new countries alone. It was imrmsrible - to leave them alone, bei.'ause European influence iip=et all their old ideas; this influence cotiM not be given in homoeopathic doses— ithad 'to be siven entire. They Had to in vite the he«!h?n tn come to the source of their knowledge— their onlv anpeal wjh, 'Come and see wfrat the Lord hath done for me.' Apart from the cotisideration of duty, they could not get rid cf the nnetical basis of utilitv wbich confronted th:m on every side. Their relations irith other countries must bs» entire nnd complete, and the foun dation of their Eves must be knovrn; Their reliaion was not always what they professed w;t-Ji tb? tonspe— but these great- formative idmi? wrrirh lay at the bottom of their cha racter and dominated their life. Every na tional life must be bnffc irp-in reliiion It was nseks? to think they eairld colonize un less they taueht the peoole: and, if th-ev wnuld not tpach frcm the highest of all motives, let them do so from a motive that ?was intelligible and permanent. The call to tweh w^ clenr: they must undertake the ?obligation or perish. RrrrAt.is-r. ' When the Vicar of Kettleba.*ton Church raised the ho?t snd proKna*«d himself a trirshinper named B«'v. K. C. Fillmjrbam, him-c!f the Vini- of Hexfnn. cried our say ing ''This i-* idolatry. Proteskuits, leave ? ih!s.hou»e cf Rial!' .And straiehtway the ??hurchwardpns brought '\f-. Fillinsham bp fcre the ^lnjri«trn.tes, an«l --harRed him with improucr behaviour. Witnesses testified that the prot*1^ was, in their opinion, with in th? richt of i fit'^en who d«-STred to have the services of the fetablrihwi Church con ducted in a W.il way. ~\\[r .Fillhigljani was fined 20p. ari'l --o^:h. Notice of ar-oeal was, givpn. ^''r. Kensit is engaged with twelve of hi* follr-wpr* in a f-ru=ade n?ainst what he terms 'idol worskin/' and h? j=»yi he c\ppefs to find liimself in prison -hortlj\ And thnsthe-t'-vo nartip* keen up the strug gle in the State-aided Church AWTCL R.ULWAT DISASTER. A railway collision in the middle of a long dark tunnel must be one of the most dreadful of possible accidents. Such' an appafline catastrophe occurred rhis week at Charing CVc.s Station, Glasgow. A train carrying about a thousand workmen had ?stopped in the timnel as the. sijrnal.* were aaainst it, and before tlie rear-guard could effedt a warning a- second tmin conyejing 1.400 persons dashed into the first in* the black, darknes*. .The scene of 'horror and confusion can beima^zined. Shaoeles? masses of wreckage were pile*] up almost to die tnnnel roof. The terrified pofisengers'were afraid to leave the carriages, for fear of further risks. At length the rescuers work ing under 1ihe Kgbt ot lamps and candles foini.i that five persons were killed, and many injured. A signalman's niglect is 4he alleged cause of the disaster. PARKER ON' NEWSPAPERS. ? '' 'Jesus would make the times lively/' . said the Rev. Joseph Parker- in a sermon on -the defunct ideal newspaper which. I referred to last w*ek. (One could almost accuse the venerable shouting divine of sacrilege, and fancy the 'Times' mentioned ?vfas the solemn old daily.) Tha Rev. Joseph gave two reason* for Mr. Sheldon's failure —Erst, thart such a daily paper would be founded on a totally false conception of human life: 2, that it would ignore and mis represent tfie spirit of tba Bible itself. The Bible was a record of bad as well as good— it gave the bane and the -antidote site by sfde. It -was criminal to shut oar eyes to facts: He knew a youth brought up on this -principle wn.° ?a? hanged in his native town' neither ait' his wn expanse nor by his own hand.- 'What would Jesus do?' asked the preacher in. Jibs yroida of the would-be Editor. la his daily paper He would 'scourge usurious moneylenders,' He would' ?denounce oppressors. Ue would shame toe indolent, and send into 'evTcriast ing puniahmerit' the self-indulgent criminaJs ?.vho had neglected the honest poor, and tiifc hypocrites ivJio gave a guinea, to His ser vice where they ought to have sriven them selves Jesus \rould make ths times lively.'' THE DEVIL'S 0\VS. 'C'.i.^cs of more or' less intereft to the casual reader are constantly turains up under the Workmen's Compensatioa Act. One this week shows how full of pos5ifaili tk»- tor the ioliritor the ordinan' ?work- iaan'^ accident- is. A youth was injui'ed while in the employ of the Great Western Railway Comj)any, ind the Comranv offer ed t» 'pay him '7s. (5d. a week— the full amount he could have recovered under -the Act— until he could go to work again. The boy'? solicitor declined the offer, s:-ipulatiug for £300. and £2J for his costs. The Judge, hearing the truth of tne matter, refused to listen to the case. '1 he solicitor appealed to ithe High Court, and their Lordships al lowed the appeal, ;is the workman was eu -titled to have his award registered in the Court below, which would give him the ?right of application in connection with the master at any future time. Bxek again to the County Court went the solicitor, and the Judge made an award on fcae terms originally offered by the Company, but ordered that £-t should cover the costs of the plaintiff's solicitor. For the second time the solicitor goes to the Court of Appeal for a mandamus calling on the County Court Judge and the Railway Company to show cause why the bill of costs, now amounting to the respectable total of £42. should, not be taxed in the ordinan- way; The Court granted the application, and fac rule came on' for argument, vil.'h several lawyers, including a Q.C., engaged. The rifle was discharged with costs, and the County Court Judge's award of .£5 affirm ed. Now, where does the b\v -'me -n? He has suffered the injury, has urorided material for the argument, has had a. good case, and yet stands liable for costs as be tween solicitor and client. No doubt that boy thinks the law is a hass. THE LIABILITY OF DIRECTORS. An interesting case was this week decided in- fche Court of Appeal. A smre.hokler in the British GoldJitlds Company of West Africa, Limited, recently sued the Directors under the Directors Liability Act, 1890, for falsa statements in the prospectus, Mid ob -tained a verdict. One of the defendants. who had been a victim to the others, ap pealed acainst ithis decision. ' Tlieir Lord ahips expressed sorrow for the unfortunate appellant. They admitted that while ho was one of the robbed he had been classed with the robbers, but they felt- that as a Djreotor he 'had made himself responsible without reasonable grounds for the belief that the facts were set out. in the prospec tus, that document, ha.vinc stated that the concessions to tlie Company comprised an extent of 7,000 square miles, when they only amounted to 700. This Act imposes upon Directors the duty of accuracy— a duty morei h-onoirred in the breach than the observance in many Companies. NOBLESSE OBLIGE. ?London Clubland is getting too -tvarm for the Puke. of Orleans smce his aJleged sym pathy with 'the French insulters of Her Majesty the Queen. lie ha.« already re ceived the hint from several club?, and the Inst to take the matter up are the Ba chelors, who liave -unaaimouiiy decided to ask the illustrious gentleman to explain his alkged letter to, ithe artist 'Wlllett-e, the author of one of the boulevard caricatures. If the suspected art -admirer cannot denyfhe authenticity of the letter he wiFl bo longer be reco{rnised as a membrr. The Duke is a well-known figure in London: he owned a property on the Thames, and has found courtesy and an asylum in England when his o.wn country had no warm, corner va cant for him. . THIS YEAR'S ACADEMY. Work in the world of picDures is reported to be very backward. Show Sunday at Bur lirieton fioas? will be on April 1 for out siders, and en the 8th for members. Noth ing of great importance i= expected— in fact,, the prospect of rather a mediocre ex hibition is expected, most of the subjects bring portraits and landscapes. The majo rity ot artists are Iving lew at present, in view .of the dislocation likely to be caused by the Paris Exhibition. The Hanging Committee for this year are Messfc?. Abbey, Gregory, Petrr Gt'anam, and Gow; and Air. Brock will look after the sculptures. 'The Two Crowns,' by Mr. D'rcksce, R.A., and 'An Evening Hymn,' by Mr. Boughton, HA.., are expected to be great attractions, and a seccad picture by the Litter, called 'The Waters of Forgetfulness,' is described as good work, as is at.-*) Mr. .Tohn'C'ollier's 'Billiard Wavers/' a companion picture to his 'Whist Players' of 189S. . - A COXTEJIPTlOrS EDITOR. -?Judge Darling - recciitiy made -sftme- re marks 'from the Beneii which a Binningham Editor took to be dircetai against tih'e local Press. The Editor sat -loi\\-n. and, dipping his pen in vitriol, criticised tL- Judge with an .utter reekle-vne.-s of results. He was charged with 'contempt, and the case was tried. before the High Court. In a dignified and impressive finding, the Lord .Chief 'Jus- tice referred to the -article as one of 'scur- rilous abuse of a Judge in his official charac ter—abuse in reference to his conduct while sitting in discharge of the Queen's commus eion,' and lined the Editor £100 and costs. The Press generally agree thai their Bir mingham brother was in the wrong; but Judge Darling appears to have said rather more from the Bench than was either pleasint or necessary. He was formerly a journalist him-elf, and it was not at his' in- stigation that steps against the offending scribbler were taken. To be described no '?tfc; impudent little man in horshair. a mi crncosm cf conceit and emiity-headeduess,'' was', however, rather trying 'to tlie dignity of one of Her Majesty's Judges. The article continued:— 'One is almo;'t- sorry that the Lord Chancellor had not another rsbtive to provide for on the day that he selected a new Judge. from the larrikins of the law. One of Mr. Justice Darling's biographers states that an eccentric relative lfft him much money. That misguided testator spoil ed a successful bus conductor.' Such fla grant contempt could ihardiy be passed over. FOR CHARITY'S SAKE. A nt-vel mode of collecting money for the soldiers' widows- and orphans was tried last .Saturday. Half a 'Imndred boys in imi tation khaki uniforms of brown paper, aud rairying toy swords and rifles, paraded in Trafalgar-square. ? They were under ..the command of a youngster who put on a mili tary aride, and looked his part to the life. The band were provided with tin whistles^ penny trumpets, and such otfae'r instru ments.of torture as are mueh in evidence on Christmas Eve. .At a sign from the officer commanding the young warriors fell in and marched past the War Office into Picca dilly, taking with them their ueavv gun— a stove pipe mounted' on a grocery box, and being attended by. some little girls dressed as Red Cross nurses. ' They-H-erc liberally rewarded by the ainuicd onlookers. - ?. GAVE UP THE GHOST. Professor Pepper, who travelled in Aus- tralia on his creeny 'Ghojjt/' is dead. He was Assistant Chemical Lecturer at the Uranger !?(fK-ol of. Medicine as far back as 1840\. and in. 1848 he became Lecturer on Chemistry at the Royal 'Polytechnic. He was Public Analyist of Brisbane, Qufcen* hnd, for many years. But there was not so ram-h money to ba made in the sequestered paths of science as from tine curiosity and wonder of the .crowd, and PeprJer took up the idea of mystifyingN4he multitude by means of a mirror. A- 'young engineer nametlDiercks worked at 'the suggestion, and made it workable as ivn .illusion, and the professor's glib tongue and plea.-aut style as a popular Frcturer did the' rest, and 'he made. a good deal of monev out of it. Jso less dan £12,000 cSime tumbling in during tne first six. months. The well-known Syl- vester — who does not remember him in Adelaide as the Fakir of Ooloo? — went one better on Pepper's entertainment, and got rid of some of the defects in the original illusion; but I don't know that the Fakir ever made rain, as Pepper was advertised to do when he was in Australia. The pro- fessor was seventy-nine years of age. .' ''.: ODDS AND ENDS. Mr,. Richard 'Smith-' and his wife, at Clapton Park, have begun an action against th^TJirec'tors of- the Inns, of Court Hotel: ^The ea'se'arises out of the notoriaus Avholesale poisoning that took place at the hotel- last July, when forty persons fell ill after : dinner, and two of them died. The tearing is adjourned. _ '. A story of a woman's magnificent c-ourajie is told thia week. Her homo caught lire, and her mother, . aged seventy-seven, was lying in a back part of the birildirjjr. Tlu\e times 'the' daughter tried to crawl to her parent's assistance, though her husland. convinced of the hopeleH'ne.s? of her at tempt, pulled her back, him^eif gjttini; badly burned. The heroic woman died from her injuries. According to the Duke of Northumber land the more tlu subject of old-age pen sions was examined the greater appeared the difficulties connected with it. and the le?s likely did it seem of ever being carried into effect. There is no need for conscription in Great Britain. The war spirit of the people oidy needs, a little fanning, and it is ready to burst out. in a blaz..^ o'f patriotism at a moment's notice. In all directions tlie idea of military triinin? on the voluntary prin ciple is L-jiius shape. Sir James Fer^usson is to call the attention of the Commons to. ?the importance ot physical and military drill in all State-aided and rate-aided schools. A postman has been brought up for de laying letters in delivery. H; said'he fslc giddy, and. feared malaria, so he went to visit a friend, and afterwards thought he would like to go and witn^s a performanc-3 of the 'Geisha,'' so he took the letters with him. Liberty has been accused of much, but this charge against malaria struck th? Magistrate as b:ing too libellous. He ordered the substitution of the word drink, and fined tihe giddy po.-man £5. A clergyman, of Leith advises the lovers imong his congregation to make the' Church their trysting-place. He rays he wants to make- it fashionable for eligible persons to meet in the House of Ood, so that sancti fying intliKnces. may! consecrate their court ship. There is much of commonsense in the idea — especially from the parson's point of view, for nn man would be mean enough to get an outside meenister to perform the marriage ceremony after meeting his cap tress in the. Rev. Tougall MacTonalt-'s kirk. The sugges-tion ought to t-e particularly grateful to all true Scots as a welcome means of varying rhe monotony of the Saw bath exei-oises. Most . Scots of both sexes take to this method of 'time- kiBing with great willingness. ? - The ; ubiquitous Cook- is -ready to transport you anywhere, in his ''personally conduct ed tours,' The uttermost parts of the earth are now familiar '.-to the globetrotter; the land of the midnight sun no longer ex cites oirr curious interest, because everj'- bodjvwbo owns a ten-pound note has been tiherel The latest, on the list is a tourist party' for 'the Soutfn African battlefields, sailing April 28, returning on June 29. As soon as arrangements can be made — riiat is, when our brother Boer and his Long Toms are oirt of the wav — tourists will he taken via the Tugela. Elands Laagte, and Ladysnwth, to Pretoria. Some terribly pathetic stories appear froni time to time in the papers of all frreat cities, but tov ore sadder than the follow ing:— A man became paralysed and unable to work, and he and an einileptic daughter were both dependent on the scanty earnings of 'his wife..' The man' became 'very wretch ed.'and 'though the brave woman tried to cheer .him b}' putting' the best face on mat ters; he, after writing letters appealing for help',.-, hanged both his' afflicted daughter and himself. He wrote:— . 'I hope to take -poor Jeannie with me. asrit vexes!' me. to see. that she will not be able t? battle W'Sth ^he world and earn her own livmg.v. Writing to his wife he said:— ''[?hope tlie Lord will gi\\-e you .strength to stand; up ?against the trouble— the ten'ible act I ani-.to coTnmit, as life to me does not seem cwort'i living. I hope some one will help you through with- the trouble. The state of things I am leaving is terrible. It seems to get 'worse daily, and I do not seern | to have the power to battle against this.' The London bakers threaten a strike. In accordance with an agreement between masters and men mx mouths' notice was to be 'given -of either a lockout or a strike. The men say an ajrreenient regarding wages has been broken by the masters, and they have sriven the necessary notice, which ex pires on April 6. Certain manufacturers 'of champagne of fer a 40-giiinca gold watch for 1;000 of their corks extracted from bottles containing the delicious and deleterious juice. A ma-i sent in the. required m mber, but the vigncrons wouhl not award the watch, as many of tlie corks came from a restaurant whose proprietors hau agreed not to rare with them. Verdict lor forty guineas with co-ts. Several of these advertisement award ea.-es have gone against manufac turers late'y. - At the Bloomsbury County Court this week Mark Tapley Wits proeeefjed against. The next, defendant was named Pickwick. Both deserved to be defended by Mr. D-ickeiis, Q.C. A Viennese professor has just delivexed a lecture on euthanasia, or the ac-D of dying jiainlessly. M'an dies from cassation of the heart's action, oxceyt in eases _ of prussic acid poi.^or.ing. when the body is- dead be fore the 'heart oea--os to beat. The lecturer's main sjues'iion was whether the ad: of dying caused physical anguii-h. and to this his answer was that in order tofcel piin the sensation, must iiave passed from the part aiiected to the brain, and it has been proved that the action of a bullet is more rapid than the' passage or the message to the brain, dealrh by shoot!ng would be pain less. He argues tiaat in almost even,- case dissolution is unaccompanied by pain of any kind. The commander, cf a Leitli vessel ha-s placed himself in a rather humiliating posi tion. Some 'time since he refused to salute the German warship Hek, which had the ! (jerrcan Emperor on board. AVhen the ov.iic-rs cf his snip heard of this discourtesy they diimisicd !bim. The Kaiser got to know of Captain ^pence's predicament, and cau--«i his Minister to write the owners, expressing regret that the captain should lose his living He will probably be rein stated, and will owe his good fortune to the courtesy of the King whom he declined to honour. Dr. Martineau's net personal estate amounted to £2D,65S. The residuary estate is asigned ia trust in his daughter-in-law. and his live children, and to his son Basil as executor his copyrights and interest in all his publications, with power to repub lish and distribute proceeds under residu ary estate. His manuscripts go to his daughter. The best results continue to accrue from the open-air treatment of consumption. The North London Hospital report states that 76 per cent, of their cases have de cidedly improved, and some of them were believed to be permanently cured. There is some talk of the possibility of a French invasion of England. A Frenchman, lecturing this week before his countrymen, showed that England had to be asleep -but for a moment or two for the feat of landing troops here to be accomplished. The rest, he thinks, would be easy. Many letters have appeared on the subject. ^The House of Commons finds itself un- ] able to concur in the stern reformatory I methods of dealing with young offenders I ajr.iinst the law and a certain class of despe r.ite crin'.inals whidi lOimJ favour in the House of Lords. The measure introduced j and successfully piloted through, the Upper j Chamber by Ixird James of Hereford with j the view of legalizing the use respectively j of the birch and the lash 'iias'been thrown ; out in tha people's House by an over- j whelming majority uf votes. The usual : humanitarian objections were used ad j nauseam, and among1 the opponents of the ' Bill were U!ie late and present Home Sec retaries, Mr. Asquilh. and Sir ilutthew White Ridley. This week a collection of butterflies, the property of an entomologist who has been collecting and breeding for sixty years, was sold at C'ovent Garden. A large eooaer butterfly brought £S, and the same .-price was obtained for a 'painted lady.' A 'red admiral' realized €5 10s. At these prices there ought to be money in butterflies. The cinematograph is to be employed in the teaching of astronomy. F/inimarion is now obtaining a series of photographs of the sky, by which he proposes ty show the movement of the moon and stars across the sky between dusk and dawn. 