MISCELLANEOUS. In the course ot a lotti-r from Blocmfon- toln, M'. Dennett Burleigh, writing to tho Diilfy 1'elcgraph, says:— "Wo havo boon vory sovcro upon thono who havo not triod to reepeot tho uoet and hie property— very rightly, too, In most mstanocs. ... aio.'b oi hue cases nave ubuu uivmu >ivie io one, 1 think, of real hardship, to cola no harsher phrase. A Canadian appropriated a chicken from a fcno, trco, or farmyard. I kno v thousands of oificors And othors who havo dono Ibo same and nothing hae boon said of it. That poor Canadian c&mo; boforc a court- martial and was aootenccd to fifty- six days' hard labour for his off noo. It makes the stomachs ot many ordinary re putable soldiors holding bor .Majesty's com missions turn to think tboy havo escaped censure and have o«ton of just suoh plucked' chickens. I am told tho Canadian eolonol, in addressing his men, found no complaint with the sootenco, which somebody errone ously said might havo been hanging." Writing from Dlosmfoutoin, Privato T. Hurst, of tbe Soots Greys, says:— I hid tho gOOd iUOK (O qxptueo ola aiwoao aii;.uiii w.u not a sonl to help mo. Perhaps you will won der how I managed to do it Well, wo wore sonrobiog through a kopjo whon I osmo aoroes a small bash. I saw a man's logs atioking out of ft, and I thought lb must be a killed or wounded Bo'-r, so I took no more notice till I got within fifteon yards. Thon I gave a start, for I saw six of thorn in a line lying flat, look ing la tho opposite dltootion to me. As tho sand was soft tbey did not hoar me coming, so I thought, " If I go forward tbey will shoot, and If I go haok tbey will do the same," I tbongbt I might as well ohanoo atiokiog one before thoy popped me off, so I dug my spurs into my horde and brought my lance to tho charge and dashod into them. Tho follow I went for rofiod over and surrendered, and I called on thorn to stand up and leave their arms on Ibe ground. Tbey did this, and I took tbo lot to my squadron. In a l-.tter to tbe Jlformuy Post, Mr. Battersby svys:— Every mtn in the way of fire has his own likes aod dislikes. Some man always bob to a bullot ; others ca'oh their breath at a shell; oihara droad the patter of a Maxim. It Is not a qi est Ion of timidity or of deadlines3, but ot personal antipathy. Infantry fito is beyond all ques tion most fatal, bat many pay less betd to tbo whispering whlstlo of tho bniht than to any other of tbe flying forms of death. There Is a bird out here, a little browo bird Ubo a bramhllng, with a note that exactly mlmlos tho M%us «r, and has an utuomLmblo habit of fluting it in ugly piftcoe. Tbo Lev Meiford's noto is nearly a third lowr, and the Martini has the dull bnza of a laden bje. Between tbo throe thaiocau bono m'st ik ing, but the Boors havo four or five oilier rifles harder to rcoognlse. Tho Mausor's most melodious period is 1800 yards ; point blank it is nothing bnfc a nariy Daml eooer, bnt one may be a poor judjo of melody at oloso quarters. A flat-nosed or " Dum- dummed" Mauser probably makes a sound wbloh one attributes to Borne unknown rifle, but tho queerest oote ot &U; comes from a Mauser spinning tbo wrong way after a ricochet. It is like th; co-ightng of a s'ok ghost— indeforlbably curdling. Tho worst and best of bullet marie is that oao always hears It behind one. A nurse attached to tho Imperial Yeo manry Hospital at Deelfontcln writes to "The Hospital Nursing Mirror In all tho talcs the men tell, two facts arc brought into striking prominence— one is the groat love that Is felt by all troops for dear old ' Bob3,' and tho other is the affection thoy have for their chocolate .boxos, most of which have been carefully sent home. I heard one owner describe his as a ' rare fancy thing ' Needless to say, tho comforts of the hospital are much appreciated Mon who have boon for months 'nt tho front,' and have gone through all tho hardships thoso three short words imply, are grateful for every little thing ; and the generous publio who have so thoughtfully supplied tnis as other hospitals with such things as tobncco, writing materials, handkerchiefs, Ac., may rest assured that they have done much to relieve'tho hard lot of the suffering soldiers." "Onolistens (writes Air. Battersby to the Morning Pott) to the panting ot a shell or of a bomb a quite apprcoiablo while before the splitting bang announces its arrival some where. The panting grows clearer and seems to grow quicker as the thing comes straight onward, till ono can almost feel it in the air. That, it one is sitting still and has ever known tho thing to open at one's foot, is the psychological moment for which, on a battlefield, ono has tbo least use." 