AUSTRALIAN LITERATURE ITS CHARACTERISTICS AND ITS PROMISES. EVENING WITH DR. RENTOUL. Dr. Rentoul, oae of the professors of *>nnond College, Melbourne, who (Ss at present on a visit to Ithe colony, in connection with .Jfche Presbyterian Church here, favoured %ne of our representatives with his views '¿¡on Australian literature. The opinions '?^oi su oh an authority should be of great fJbeneiit to the literary world of Perth, '¿Mor Dr. Rentoul is a leoturer on litera- l-tore, history,, etc, under the Melbourne ijUniversity extension system. His lec «fture on "Tennyson's Message to his läge" was years ago published in extenso un the Melbourne Press, and a report of r|t reached Lord Tennyson. The great |ioet conferred on Dr. Rentoul the non j:*>ur of writing to him and stating that {gie regarded that gentleman's criticism ?3&nd; estimate a« "the beet, or one of the jjbest, charaotorisations that had been Tnade of him and his message. It is ^possible that, on bis return from the àtoldfields, Dr. Rentoul may deliver in JPerth a ¿«ature on various aspects of ^Tennyson aod Browning and other lead dig poets. It would be difficult to describe the Charm of Dr. RentouTs society; when he ¿ives expression and scope to his literary (thoughts and criticisms, or. to reproduce tall his utterances during what were to the visitor two exceedingly pleasant {hours ; but his views on Australian liter 8" ture, which formed toe object of the iterview, will bo read with interest. ~" Factors That Are Necessary. "As to Australian literature and the prospects of a great school of Australa- sian poetry and prose'literature, in the fest "lace it is often overlooked that there are three main factors necessary éo any great liter»turo and any schoa iof poetry. Ono factor is-the theme; (another is the age; or time ; a -third is rae national conditions ^nd environment. One of those conditions, of course, must fee climate and tho physical circum- stances of tho country. The great lite- ratures have arisen' mainly in lands of yarieu scenery - mountain and valley, and river and sea. Again, the great literatures were bound up with the his- tory ot a uation'B strufwies and suffer- ings. In faotj the great literatures arose out of tho heart, as well as the t Jjaai3aâ, of the people. ."' r^may illustrate this by notating to ^he literature called tho Bible, which arose mainly out of the titele land of ' TWestinej sad out of- the struggles and Woes of tte poodle, under the ínsoiring tree of bm«» and hopa ia God. It waa . ,e land, as Bozipture say», of brooks ,'}? and fountains, 'add of streams that flow amongst -Öie bilk. . Saow-clad Hermon, rose uko a. vision, to the north, and the great sea washed it to se westward; and tho scenery of that tittle land so impressed itelf upon the imagination and heart bi the people thai it ha¿ given inspiration to tho literature of ail mo- dern nations. Take, similarly, little England, little Scotland, tittle Switzer- land, btcla Rehr. All our modern Eng- lish poetry aaa highest literature have been inimtneed, and in a large measuro ¿ns-sred, by tba tuiakers, and singers/ and witters of ancient tiny Greece, and of medieval little Italy. Through both ran great maim tain chains, round which clung tho glamour of cloud and mist, ano in «.hoir glens were beauty and the song of rivers. \- Australia's Great Drawback. "The oae drawback ol Australia as a literary centre is perhaps that it is too hage, and it» scenery and natural sur- roundings too monotonous. Again, the day is perhaps too bright, and all things.: too definite and hard-linéd. -The hard. *un shines clear into tho Australian gul- lies, and in Australia there are no ghosts. Sverythuig is sa clear, matter tof-fact, and definite. You must recog- nise that much of 'Browning's best was made aaumgs* the Apennines of Italy» \- and Tennyson's best was made, some of it amidst the fogs of London, some of it amongst the we« and clouds and gleams yoi brightness and of shadow that mark .the British Islands. The glamour of .beauty that haunts, for example, "The Princess " was due to his visit to tho lakeland of Killarney, in the south of ireland, with its softness of climate, its .Iii;gering twilight of sunset, its "rain, sun and rain," as hs sings himself in «The Idylls of tho King," "Again, in Australia wo must not be, tbs the Yankees say, "too previous." We anust became a nation before we can ex- pect a great national literature. It was tonly when the English people were çrawn into a passion of unity by the , bufferings of the people and by the Strug fie of tho great French war under the lantagenets, that the English lan- guage, which had been till then a lan- guage of the yeoman and the churl, be- came, on thé lips and pen.of Chaucer, s great literary voice. You must give Aus- tralia time. Promise of Distinct Literary Power. . .si "Taking these things for granted, how 'feyer, ^the- Australians have already, 1 jrenturé to think, given good promise o: . iBistuict literary power. They have als« greedy, I think, shown that Australia] ibeti'y and literature will ultimate!; DBËëSB a distinctive specialty of tone spirit^ sud theme.- Of course the AUE c . tralian'people are .bs yet so British-s< English, co Irish, so Scotch-that Aue traTian literature, whether it take th form of poetry or prose, must for a lon; \- tune be "largely an echo of the grea poets and literary writers of the ol fends. This is, indeed, the main charg ? Sra h«*tile character that has bee brought against Australian poetry an piróse Adam Lindsay Gordon. "Thus, Adam Lindsay Gordon is. i deed, not an Australian. He was bor in the pld. country, and his ifciuisnci :'W¡éte Jargíly drawn from the old'.coui r-ttjr. wTtíi vnrious other writers' i Australia.-"Ai the; seme"tuaèf take eren Adam Lindsay Gordon himself. Though much of his singing is imitative of Browning or, in quito other; moods, of Swinburne, yet there is a distinctive note in Gordon's poetry that is characteristically Australian. There is in it the clink of tho stirrup and the gallop of the Australian cross country hurdle jumper. There is in, it the crack of the stockman's whio. and there is also in it the subtle penetrating influences of the Australian bush-the sense of loneness, and widths of space, and monotony ot existence only to be broken by thô.wild gallop, or the round- ing up of the rushing cattle. Take, as an example, The Sick Stockrider.' "Take, again, How we Beat the Fa- vourite.' Here there is a distinct some- thing quite apart from the mere theme, that marks the utterance as one dis- tinctively Australian in spirit. Of course, the *Lay of Britomarte,' as a mere story, could have been written in Eng- land, and yet even here probably it could not have been written by any man except one who had himself galloped across Australian bush country. Much of the sadness in Gordon's verse (a sad- ness finding its anodyne only in the wine cup) is not necessarily Australian, though there seems a marked tendency to that sort of thing in much of Aus- tralian writing. It is due, I should say. more to Gordon's consciousness that by his career he had closed the gates of Op- portunity behind him, and that there was no returning. " An Anecdote of Gordon. "May I tell you a story hera about Gordon, which I know to be true? It came from the clergyman who married him, one of our Presbyterian clergymen, j who was himself a literary student. ; Gordon, as you know, was a gentleman's ! son. He married in Victoria a domestic, I a pure-minded, but uneducated girl ; and ! he did so, according to this clergyman, ; largely to indicate that the past was I past, and that there was no going back. ! But, though much of Gorden's verse is 1 irreverent, he could not endure lewd and i impure talk ; and-this is the story I want to tell. Gordon was invited by a wealthy squatter to dinner. Be accepted the invitation, but after the ladies had i retired, when, over the wine, the con I venation and the jokes had beq-un to take [ a coarse and lewd turn, Gordon im I mediately rose hud retired from the ; room. He always carried about with, him this memory of having once been J 1 brought up in a nure English home, and j I of being a British gentleman. j Kendal, the Greatest Australian j ( Singer. j "Kendal, again, the greatest as yet of our Australian singers, is far too much an echo of Wordsworth, Keats, and others. It is a very sweet echo, with a true sense for nature and the true feel- ing of humanity. ; but, except in its pic- ture of Australian scenery, it cannot be called distinctively Australian. The "New Australian School." . "A astralian poetry and literary prose must necessarily, I think, be for a long time considerably dependent upon the poetry and literature of- tho old lands. Thus, for example, in what is sometimes ambitiously styled the 'new Australian School,' represented by writers like Law- son, 'Banjo ' Paterson ('The Maa from Snowy River'), the poet of tho 'Never, Never Country,' and so forth, the imi- tation of Kipling, and of some features of Swinburne is too palpable. These . writers seem \o know only one resource against the ennui or dreariness of exis- tence, and the result is the devil- may care life of the rouseabout (as the New Zeaianderscallit) or the gallop on horse- back across country, or the hip-hip-hur rahl of the 'jolly good fellow' over the tankard of beer or the brandy , and soda. This is the danger and the weakness at present of much of Australian verse. It is onlv due to these and many other wri- j tera to point out, however, wat there is -I a deeper element in their feeling and j sympathy, and at times a nobler notej in their singing. They aro catching more* ! and more the spirit that is distinctively j Australian-or Australasian, one should j say, because we must remember that, New Zealand, with her great snow-clad mountain chain, her rush of rivers, and ] her quite different flora, will afford con- ditions for a quite distinctive note in poetry and in higher literary prose. Characteristics of Australasian Writing. "In all Australasian writing of the j more distinctive kind I think one may observe elements or features-charac- teristic features-such as these : A de- sire to throw off conventionalities, a love of physical and mental freedom, even to the over-assertion of individual force perhaps, a passionate desire for an out 'of-doors untrammeled kind of existence, a love of dash, of breeziness, and move- ment and action in life, with all the while a besetting sense of the vast level flatness of the country and of the mono- tony of human existence. "As an illustration of this, I may draw rttention to the young cluster of poets and verse writers that have been brought into prominence by the brilliant ' Bulle- tin,' the satirical weekly in Sydney. Some of these writers possess a singing voice of great sweetness, and at times of surprising power. Daly, perhaps^ is I tile sweetest and most mystic in spirit amongst them. He is at times near to i the mood of Wordsworth or of Keats. ! Ogilvie, again, has a splendid ring of manhood and forcefulness in his verse, ! and his spirit breathes intense love for, and loyalty to Australia; but there is a besetting and recurrent reminiscence of the fact that, after all (and this, pei> haps, is seen especially in Daly), the Damocles sword of fate hangs by a hair over our heads as we feast and sing, and tile sobbing of the sea is heard through the song of the upland rivers. Sadness of Tone. "lt is a curious tiling, too, that the stories presented in the 'Bulletin' have I a prevailingly sad tone. This, of course, j will necessarily be the case if men and women leave the quickening and inspir- ing hope that the belief in God and in a victorious Christ brings to man. The late B. H. Hutton, of the 'Spectator,' ia London, the foremost literary critic of his time, pointed out that George Eliot's literary and artistic creative power loosened and lost fibre just in proportion as she abandoned more and more a de- finite Christian faith. Her earliest crea- tions, such as 'Adajn Bede,' have an ar- tistic unity and power that are not at all displayed in the much later 'Daniel Deronda.' If that be so, it may account at once for the depressing tone and the lack of the highest creative power in Aus- tralian novels. So far as they are not mere stories of wild adventure or of bushrangers; so far as they are stories of social life and of individual character, the prevailing tone of them seems rather sad and depressing. "Of course, a supreme instance of this in romance is Thomas Hardy. In pro- portion as he has abandoned all faith jn God and hope for the progress of hu- manity, in proportion (as evidenced by 'Jude the Obscure') has his creative ar- tistic power become loosened and deter- iorated. Work of O'Hara and Gay. "It should be said, however, in con- trast with all this, that a good deal of the best poetry produced of late has a quite different-ring. Take, for example, the 'Songs of the South,' and other poems.by Mr. J. B. O'Hara, of the South Melbourne College (formerly a distinguished student of our Ormond College, though he himself is a Roman Catholic). His besfpoems possess fine sweetness of cadence and rhythm, a true sense of the varying moods of nature, a sympathy with the heart throb of hu- manity, and an inspiring hope for >hu man progress, because he has trust in God. Many of his verses are marked by a fine felicita and a beauty of artistic touch. If the thought is not very pro- found, yet, at any rate, it is true to the heart's instinct and to humanity's hope, as well as out of nature, and the fine thing is that it is always pure. "Perhaps the finest work done recent- ly in Australian verse is the sonnets of the late William Gay, of Bendigo. Though a great thinker, and for the most part always confined to his couch of pain, his sonnets exhibit a very high or- der of feeling and of artistic workman- ship. His fine sonnet on Australian Fe- deration, so often recited at Federation assemblies by Mr. Deakin recently rises perhaps nearer the voice of the true national Australian poet than any other single poem that has been written, in our country. "I mav mention, in a quite different mode, tho poems of Mr. Alexander Su- therland, and the poems of John Sandes, better known b*- his norn de plume or iOriel,' in the 'Argus.' Mr. Sutherland's poems are at times philosophic, at times remind one of Wordsworth, at times have upon them the mood or echo of Shelley. 'Oriel's', of course, are in a distinctly lighter vein, but sometimes in the mock heroic they have in their own way an excellent quality.. Some so- called 'pa- triotic ' poems produced recently bv Su jhferland, on the one hand, and by 'Oriel ' on the other, are distinctly pood of their kind. It is a kind of which I myself have no great respect, but I simply speak of these, recognising their literary merit. ?". The Coming Australian Literature. !* "Then one could gladly go back into a higher vein to speak of Sladen and Ste- phen, and of'some of the Sidney poets identified with the 'Bulletin.' But I think I have said enough. I do not doubt that there are already evidences sufficient to warrant the belief I that when Australia becomes unified, begins to feel the pulse of a large com-. mon national life and national destiny, becomes impressed with the deeper spirit which age and long experience and the weight of a nation's bardens bring; in short, when it reaches forward out of the immature transition stage into mature national life, there will be an Australian litera- ture both in poetry and in prose, possess- ing its own unique characteristics. The life of the Australian people, by the sheer conditions of climate and of mani- fold environment, will be a distinctive life, having characteristics of its own, and Australian poetry and literature will necessarily be also in many respects cha- racteristic and unique. '*he "Old, Old Fashion" Must Abide. 'Still, we must remember that the old, old fashion will always abide as the cen- tral motive force of literature : the old, old fashion of love and loss; of struggle and endurance, of self-sacrifice and of burden-bearing, of laughter and tears, of love and of death. Literature is a language of emotion. As my great mas-, ter, George Lillie Craik, said, "Wher- ever under the strong impulse of emo- tion language grows and burns, wher- ever it has the effect of glow and colour, it is literature ; and wnerever that litera- ture falls into cadence and rhythm it is poetry." There will always abide the human emotions of love and yearnine, of pity and sympathy of the heart thrill- ed under the touch of Nature's voices, and of the spirit called upward by the voice of God while other voices call and lure downward. These voices, as Tenny- son called them, will always abide, and the strong force of that struggle in the human soul will always make the cen- tral element of literature , whether the literature be poetry or prose. The Aus- tralian, though his Bides be changed and the land around be all different from other lands, will always be a human soul. The element that .made Shakespeare I the love, and the tempting and the tra I ged« of life-will be ia Australia as much I as in England, and this will always be the real creative force making a litera- ture. Wherever a people is gathered together into a nation we may look for the literature as a certain result." A Leader in Australian Prose. In dosing the interview, Dr. Rentoul said that an Australian writer, that should be very honourably mentioned was Miss Ethel Turner, of Sydney. She had undoubtedly, to dim a Yankeeism, "struck ile" in Australian prose. She had given a quite distinct presentment of an aspect of Australian life, and had treated m her own line childhood and young boyhood and girlhood with in- imitable felicity : but even here was found a proof of the tendency of sadness which marked Australian romance as yet. The scene created by Miss Turner that lived imperishably in the memory was, might he not say, the death of Judy._ 