? (BY LE GRONDEUR.) The trees planted along our chief thoroughfare cannot be said to be flourishing. Some have given up the ghost altogether, while others are sickly if w>i> moribund. Every attempt to rear an avenue of respectable trees seems doomed to failure Years ago Tom Stroud, the indefatigable and indispensable Town Clerk, made vigorous and sustained efforts to secure foliage for the Terrace, but southerly busters, salt air, and climate in their courses fought against him. The popper trees now planted, though they succeed admirably inland—where specimens 20 feet high can be seen—do not seem to take kindly to our arid streets. A few of these, however, specially nursed by adjacent thoughtful householders, are thriving fairly enough. Last Sunday morning a citizen was watering the tree which stood nearly opposite his placs of business, when a stranger from Cue approached. " -Nice tree, that,'' he remarked, don't remember seeing one; like it before ; belongs to the Acacia family, don't it? '' " Not a bit of it/' was the prompt reply, " it belongs t 0 the Town Council." The present public clock is a decided improvement on the previous one, and it is to be hoped its timekeeping properties will be more reliable than those of its predecessor. The latter was once the cause of a gentleman of this district losing forever his bestgirl lie was one of that unfortunate class of men who are always late, and who find the utmost difficulty in keeping an appointment, be it ever so important. His failing was only too well known to his fiancee, and many were the tiffs they had owing to the remissness of the lover in keeping tryst. One fateful day the young lady planned an afternoon's drive to the Golden Sheaf, and it was arranged thas the gentleman should drive her out, starting punctually at 4 o'clock. Determined on this occasion to be m good time, he proceeded, as his Waterbury informed him, at half-past three towards the fair one's residence. But, passing the treacherous timepiece at the Post Office, he perceived it was only _ three o'clock. He immediately set his watch by this, and having, as he thought, an hour to spare, popped into Ernie Burt's for a game of billiards. Time fled rapidly at that fascinating pastime, and ten minutes before 4 he stepped briskly to the rendezvous Alas! the lady had gone, with another escort, after waiting over half-an-hour. The poor fellow didn't know that the P.O. clock had stood at 3 for a fortnight! It was the last straw, and the young lady is now married to a man who, if less prepossessing, is more punctual than the victim of the town cloak. Once Sub-Inspector Piesse, father of our ponderous Minister of Railways, was in charge of the Geraldton Police Station. At that time the police clock was the sole guide for all citizens. There was no town timepiece. But the Resident Magistrate had a sundial fixed up some 50 yards in front of the station, by which the vagaries of the clock were weekly regulated. One Monday morning Piesse directed a newly-fledged constable to go over to the dial and sing out what time it was. After waiting an unconscionable time for the signal the chief was about rising to see what caused the delay, when the recruit entered, carrying in hand the dial, which he had unscrewed from the pedestal, and which he handed to the astonished Piesse with the remark, " Just read it for yourself, for it bothers me entirely." 