AN ABSENT MAN'S WEDDING DAY. When John Kemble, the great tragedian, was married, he went to the theatre in the evening, and acted as usual, and it was re- marked, with as much self- possession and tranquility as before. This was a great proof of the wonderful command that John Kemble had over all the springs of passion, quelling or pouring them forth at will; but the real fact was that he had forgotten all about the marriage, for after tne play was over, instead of going home to his now better-half and the friends who were waiting to take a parting glass, and wish him over so much happiness, he went to his bachelor's home; and the friends were astonished when ten o'clock came, and he was to be at home, that no John arrived, neither at eleven or at twelve. Off to the theatre three of them sallied. " Mr. Kemble left at half-past nine." " Where did he go to, sir ?' " He was driven to the Temple.' Perhaps he had gone to take a garcon's farewell, and was lingering yet fondly over the remains of the bachelorhood. Arrived at the door of the chambers, the bell was pulled once, twice, thrice, with no result, and they were on the point of going away when the window opened, and the great John asked, as he might of the ghost of papa Hamlet. " Who is there ?" " Why, Kemble, what are you doing there ? We have been expecting you these „ three hours, and your wife, Mrs. Kemble, is distracted." " My wife?" replied John. "What ? Yes, I remember. I had forgotten it." And the innocent John soon let in his friends. Quite forgetting the morning's engagement to enact the part of husband for life, he had gone home to bed, tallowed his nose, and was quietly tucked in for the nipht. What Mrs. J. K. said when he was brought home deponent said not. ♦ ♦ Mrs. Gadd—I saw y'r huaband on th' street yesterday. He looked very solemn, I thought. Has he got religion ? Mrs. Gabb— No-o; it's only dyspepsia. ♦ ♦ A henpecked husband said in extenuation of his wife's raids upon his scalp, " You see she takes her own hair off so easily, she doesn't know how it hurts to have mine pulled out.' ♦ ♦ A Bible expounder; in speaking of Adam, said: "When Adam awoke from his first sleep he discovered Eve. I may here be apropos to remark, that he was 'on the eve of a great discovery.' But it turned out that Adam's first sleep was his last repose." ♦ ♦ When Brigham Young received the boxes containing the important silk dresses and cashmere shawls for his thirty wives, He said to a friend: " Ah, if you knew the cost of these goods you would not believe for a mo- ment that I practised polygamy as an earthly pleasure. No, sir! it is with mo a stern duty." ♦ ♦ ' Henry,' cried Mrs. Von Toodles, grasp ing her somnolent husband by the arm. ' Henry, thero are burglars in the house. Get up and go down. ' . ' Utter noneeuBe, my dear,' returned. Henry. ' You wouldn't have a man of my, social position associating with burglars, ?would you ? You astonish me.' ♦ ♦ In King George II's time Lord E— ? married throe wives, who were all his ser vants; a beggar woman meeting him ono day in tho street, made him a very low curt sey. \- 'Ah, God Almighty bless you,' said she, 'and send you a long life; if you do but live long enuugh I may be lady E— :? ? .' ♦ ♦ Domestic Troubles. — 'A nice huaband you aro!' said Madame in a passion. 'You care less about me than about those pet animals of yours. Look what you did when your poodle, Azor, died.' Husband (quietly): Well.I had him stuffed. Wife (exasperated) : You wouldn't have gono to that expense for me — not you, in deed.' ♦ ♦ A nobleman went to a pawnbroker to borrow a thousand pounds upon his wife's jewels, and said, ' I want you to take tho stones out of tho settings and put falBu oneB in their stead, us I do not want my wife to know that I have pawned them.' ' You are too late,' said the pawnbroker ' for I purchased tho real stones of my lady a year ago.' ♦ ♦ 'Tho whisper of a beautiful woman,' says lial'/.ac, ' can be heard further than the loudest call of duty.' But the man who is creeping up stairs, with his boots off, at two o'clock a in., and hears the whisper of his wife as ho leans over the banisters, in the darkness, doesn't think of hor beauty. HiB chief thought is how much he would liko to exohango his boots for a pair of wings. ♦ ♦ Infantine Innocence.— Little Ada- and her mamma are in the brougham, with just about one second .to sparo in order to catch the train at the station. Liaetto, the lady's maid, is oloBing tho carriago door. Ada in sists upon getting out again; sho has not kissed her papa. She is forcibly detained and assured there is not time. ' Very well, then, Lisette, you go to papa; give him ono of your Bweotest kisses, and tell him I hadn't timo to como myself. ' A ohild, while -walking through an art gal lery with her mother, 'was attracted by u statue of Minerva. ' Who is that? ' said she. ' My child, that is Minerva, tho goddess of wisdom.' ' Why, didn't they moke her husband, too?' ' Because she hud nono, my ohild.' ?' That was becauso she was wise, waBn't it, mamma? ' was the artless reply. 