tOM OSSiNGTON'S GHOST, -4 (By IICHARD MARSH). CIAPEIt XIlr. AN INTTT;n'IT"Tl) TREASUREI IIUNT. "Well," inquired Martyn, wheln Gra lram ad .lfinished, "what is the situn tion ncflw?" "Firstof all," strkck in Madge, "how nbdhit thle will?" "As regards thie will, I do not heIsi tLte to say thalt it is as sould and vlid -a declaration of the testn-tor's wishes as has been admitted to probate \--Mir. tIlurley's testimony removes all doubt upon the point: A mAn has a right to do what he will with his own- :and thalt is all Mr. Ossington lurs done." "Iow does it effect our righlt of senrch ?" "Thlat is another question. Thile will gies rneither ynrll rnorr rny one else a title for the destruerction of pIroperty. it sinmply conves to thie finder thie pos session of certcirl tlhings which are not specifiedlliy mentiorned. lut it alutho rises no one to look for those tlhings., still less to do Irarrnrge whrile looking." "T'hen is oaur sear'eh barred? Aren't we to look u t all?" "I don't s.ry tlut. Mvr advice is to put the leg al rsect asirde, and to re trdnl the comamon-sense one only. Tihe will says thrt certairt thlinrgs, wun found, "re to become thie proplerty of tie findler, a.nd this house with trherm. Yorr have reason to ibelieve that those things are' concealedr withinr this house. Then it is for y6ru to consider whetlher it is worth your vwhile to run tile risk of becoming reslponsible for.any dant age you ml:iy do in case of your failure to fiind those thlings. My opinion is, that it is worth your while to run tlhat risk--thirt it is worth rrny one's while to rulL thant risk." Madgle stood up, with resolutie lips, and sqrrklinrrg eyes. Shie struck hier hand urpon thlq table. "I'm .rure it is! I knowr it is!" BIrue ;rrthadm arlso rose. "I mir willing to slarre thie risk if it is sharreCble-or to airssrrre the whole of it, for the mrtter of'that. I incline strongly to yoour belief, Miss Brodie, tlnt .thlere is something hidden well worth the' finding, amid tlhat its hiding place is within thie walls of Clover Cot tage." Jaok Marrtyn hammnercd his fist rupon the .table. "Htear, hear!-brarvo!-ispoken like a arln! 'Pon my word. l'in beginning to think tlhat there is sometlthing in it after all. A conviction is creeping over me, slowly but surely, tlhat. in les8 time thn no time I shal be filling my pock ets wirh the contents of Aladdin's Cave -and as there is only a bent sixpence and two bad pennies in them at pre sent, there's plenty of room for more." "This point is',' said Ella, "where are you going to begin to look?" "I am going to do whrat ir Niecholls wvanted to do," declared Madge "'tear thie house to pieces.' "Jut, my dear, even if you set.about tire business in that drastic fashion, you'll require method, Hlow .are you going to begin to take the house to pieces-by taikinrg thie slates off the roof, and tihe chirinrey-pots down?" "And by traking the wirndows out of their frames, anrr trhe doors off tleir hlinges, and displayirrf the grates in tihe front garden! George! you'll be inmproving trie propert"i with i ven geance if you do." "1 propose to do nothing so absurd. I simply wish you to understand that before I give up the search the house -rill literally, be torn to pieces tihough 1 assure your, Ilsn, that I do not intendr to begin by taking off either tlhe slates or the chimnery-pots." "'IHavre you been able to make any tthing nore of tihe writing which wras left behlind by your buaglarious visitor?" 'The inquiry came from Graham. _dadg'e ghook her head. "Let me try my hanld at it," cried Jack. "I have brains--I place them at your service. I. is true I never have bren able to solve aL puzzle from any very earliest hours, bitt thaLt, is no reason why I should not begin by solv ing this." The sclralp of paper was given him. lie spread it out on thie table in front of him. Leaning hlis head upon his luualds, lie stared at it, lte expression on his face scarcely pJromising a pIrompt elucidation. "The first part is simple, extremely simple. Especially after Mr. Gra -ianm's last night's l:cid exposition. Otherwise I should lav\e described it as recodite. But the second part's a howler; yes, a howler! 'Right-cat -dog--cat-idog -ei-l-dog- cat-dog -left. eye-push!' 'The conijunction is surprisiug. 1 can only remark that if that assorted collection of animals is bottled up somewlhere in this house all together, tlha.t alone would be a find worth coming upon. Tlhere will be some lively miomentts when you let the collection out." "Did you mention anythiing to Mr'. 'Nichplls aibout the paper?" aslkedl -Miadge of IiraiiIIIm. "Not a syllable. I gatthered fromn what hlie said thati the Ihouse was done up before it waas let-papered, painted, and so on, and that therefore any for mnei landmarks to which it mighlt have beern alluding hiave iprlbably disappear ·cd." "Thatt's 'what I thinki. and tlhat's what I mean by sayiing we shaltl have to pull the house to pieces." "Even if that is the ease, as Miss Duncnn puts it, where are you going to blegin? You must remember tlit.t you will ]have to contlinue living in the house while it is being dismantled, and llllt 3'you must spa.re yourselves as much discomfort, as possible." "It seems that you litue to begin by pushing thie left eye," said Jack, who .?till was studying the paper. "'i'houghi Svhether it is the left. eye of thee entire assorted collection is not quite clear. If that is the case, and that remark able optic has to be pushed with nany degree-of vigour, I can only say that I shall take up a positlioi in the centre of the road till the proceedings are con cluded." "Why not commence," n.tked Madlge, "'with a thorough examnination of the rooml which woe'rq now in?" "You yourself," said Ella, "'tdmitted lost night tlhat it was hardly likely that the treasure would be ~'idden in the samllle Iroo which contained the will." Madge pursedl her lips and frowned. "l've beel tihinking about that since iand 1 don't at all see why we should take it for granted. One thing's cer tain, the room is hloneycombed with possible hiding-places. There are hol lows behind tihe wainscot, the w:alls themselves sounlld hollow. 'ThIat un happy nan can hardly have found a part of the house better adapted to his purpose." "See thtere-what's tlhat?" Ella was pointing to a kindil of plaster cornice Shich rlan round the room. " WhaIt aire those tlhings which are cut or moulded on that strip of beading, if it is beiding, under the ceiling?" "They'le look to me like some sort of ornallnental iosses," salid Grahanm. "Theoy certoiuly are neither cats or dogs," decided Maldge. "i'm not so sure of that; you l knowv what extraordinary tlhings they tell you are intended to Tepresent things which are not in the liast bit like then . Where's that paper ?" Jack, give me that paper." .Jack.gave it her. She glanced at it. "'Eiglt'-I'll lake up a position like yoa dild last night, Mir. Grahuam, to the right of the door; 'cat-dog--cat-dog -cat-ldog-c-at.-dog-' now-" "Well?" queried lMadlge, for Ella had stopped. "Now what?" "I think," continuedi Ella, withi evi dent dlubitation, "that i'll again do what you dlid last niiglht, Mr. Graham, and cross right over: though it says nothing about. it here, but ierl:tis that was omitted on purpose." She marched straight alross the room. "Now we'll take the first thing npon thel beading, or whatever it is, to be a cat, and we'll count them alternately- cut-dog-the fifth dog." "Very good," said Graham, standing close up to tIle wall and pointing with his outstretched hand, "Cat--dog-mct -log--iat-dogct-aot-dog -here you are." "Now, 'left eye-push.' " "Or shove." suggested Jack. "huit there is no eye-whether left or otherwise." "T'hat's a detail," murmurmured Jack. "Let nme see." Ella clambered on to a chair. Firom that position of vaint age she examined thie proturbanees in question. "Tlhere really does seem not!ling whichl could represent man eye; the things look more like knuckle-bones than anything else." "Wlhat's the odds? Let's all get ham mers and wlmick the whole jolly lot of them in the eye, or where, if right is riglht, it ought to be. And then, if nothing happens-and we'll hope to goodness nothing will-we'll whaclk 'em again." "'Pii afraid Ella," put in Madge, "thllat your eats and dogs lire nlmerely suppositions I vote, by way of do ing sometlhing practical, tllhit we start stripping the wainscot. You'll find hiding-places enough behindt tmhat,.andt it's quite on th0e cards, something in them." "Certainly," assented Jack, "I am on. Bhring out your hatchets, :pickaxes, crowbars, and olier weapons of war, and we'll turn up our shiirt-sleeves, and shiver our timbers, and not leave one splinter of wood adhering to another. Buck up, Graham! Take off your coat, nmy boy! You're going to begin to enjoy yourself at last, I give you my w~ord." Ella, possibly slightly exacerbated by the failuntre of her little saggfestion, enldea;.vored to snub thIe exuberant Mcr. Martyn. "I dlon't kinoen if yott thin; you're funny, Jack, because y3ou.re only silly. If you can't be serious, perhaps you'd better go on; then, if we do find some thing, you'll have ino share." "Uplon my S-tm!- cried Jackl, "if tliat aint' bitter hard. If there's any shar ing going on, I dlon't care what it is, if there's any man who wants his bit of it more than I do, I should like you to peint himln out. Ella, my dearest E11i, I do assure you, 3by the token of those peerless charms?---" ".TJaclk, don't be silly." "I think," insinsnated Madge, "that 3you and I, Mr. Graluim, hadl better go and fetch a chisel and a lhanmmer." l'They went. When they returned, bearing those useful implements, how ever thelc discussion might' have gone. M'r. Martyn showed no signs of being crushed. "Give me that chisel." hlie exclaimed. "You never saw a nuln hamdle a tool like me-and to tle last day of .your life you'll never see another. I'mn cap able of conmmnitting suicide while ham meriig in a tack." "Thank you ,Tack," said JMadge; "but I think carpentering niny be within the ranmige of MLr. Graham's capacity rathler than youlrs." At least Mr. Grahamm showed himself catpable of stripping the wainscot, thoughi with the tools at his conunluand -those being limnited to the liimmer and: the chisel, with occasional help from tihe poker --it was not so easy a business :Is it mighlt have been. It took some time. And, as none of the hopldt-for results ensued-nothing be ing revealed except the walt beliind it lecamne a Iritic tedious. Eleven o'clock struck, andi still a considerable portion of the wainscot wles as before. "Mlight I ask." inquired Jack, " if this is goiung to Ie Ian all night job ; hcause 19lhave to be at thie dilie in tihe mnorning, and I should luike to have sotle sleep before I start." Graiham surveyed the work of de vastation. "I will finish this side, amid then I think, Miss Brodie, we might leave tite rest to uanothler time-till to-morrow, saty." "1 really don't see what's the use of doing it at all," said Ella. "I don't believe there's anything hidden in this roonm; and look at the mess, it will take lhours to clear it up. And who wants to live in a place with bare brick walls? It gives me the horrors to look at them." Madge looked at her, more in sorrow thnu in anger. "1 think, Mr. Graham, that perhaps you had better stop."y ie detected the mournful intona tion. "At any rate, I'll finish this side." lte conlinluel to add11 to thle ulncoonl fort:able apipearancec of the room; for there certainly vwas something in whlla Illa said. Ie lhad worked for another quarter of in hour or t\welnty nillutes, and had torn off thre or four Ilmore strips of wood-for they hlad been firmnly sccur ed tn their Iplaces. ind toolk ome tear ilg--land the others were gathered round themllnl, assisting and lookling on, ImomenlItarily esxpecting that somethling wouldt co me to lighlt better worth hav ing tlianl dIlst altd cobwebs, of which articles there were very mucth tore thalll sllfli-tent, wIenll ]dlah gLvo Il sudt denl excla llatioll. "Jhllatge! Jact!" sle cried. "Wthc who's this nhICs?a" "What man?" asked MIadge. Turning, sIe saw. CIIAPTEII XIV. TIIE CAUSE OF TIIE INTERRUP TION. , What she saw, and what they saw, spoke eloquently of the engrossed at tention wilth which they had watched tile worlk of the destruction being car ried onl. So absorbed had they been in liruce Gralham's proceedings that, nactlually without their knowledge, a burglaraious entry had been all but cffected inlto the very room in which thiy were. ThIere was the proof before them. ''he window halid been raised, the blind str curtains pushed away, and a man's Iheadi and shoulders thrust in sitd. \ihen Ella's exehunatiol called their ittention to the intruder's pres enlce, tlhey sthred atl, him. as well they might, fur i mioment or1 two with stu pefied :imnazentnt; the impudence of tde ict seemed atnost to surpass the tbounds of credibility, lie, on his part, niet their gaze with a degree of forti ttlde, not to ?ly asslrlailance, which was more tlitan a little surprising . 'To the fellow's clharmacter his looks bore evidence. Tie buttoning of his cot upl to the eltin friiled to coanceal tir flct that his neck was bare, while tli ertshinfig of a dilapidated billycock down over his eyes served to throw into clearer relief Ihis unshaven chleelks antl lhunrgry- lookling tyes. For tihe space of Iperhaps thirty sec ondils they looked at him, and he at them, in silence. Then Jack moved halstily forwardi. "You're a, cool hand!" tie cried. iBut Madge caught hint by the arm. "l)on't!" she said. "This is the man saor staredl through the window." Jack tanted to hier, bewildered. "The nman who stared through the window? Wlhat on earth do you meant " "Don't!" she repeated. "I think that Mr. Gr-ahsm knows this man." The nm himtclf endorsed her sup position. "Yes, i'm rather inclined to think that MIr. Graham does." Ilis voice was not a disagreeable one; not at all the sout of voice which one woulh have expected from a person of his appearance. l.ie spoke, too, like an educated man, with. Itowevet', a strenurouis something ini his tone which suggrsted, in some occult fulshion, the bitterness of a wild despair. Sering that hIe remained unanswered, lie spoke agtain. "What,'s more, if there is a cool hand it's :ir. Gruniam, it isn't me. I am a. poor, starving. police-ridden devil, be ing ihounded to hell, full pelt, by a hundred other devils-but, Bruce Gra ham. what are you?" They turned to the man who was thui addressed. At tie moment of intei'nuption lie had been levering a strip of wainscot from its place with the aid of the inserted clisel. lie still kepti one hand upon the ilndle, holding the hammer with tie other, while tie drew his body back against tohe wall as close as it would go. aund, with pallid cheeks and start led eyes, lie stared at the intruder as if he had uteen some straggler from tie spiritual world. Trom between his lips, which scemed to tremble, there etme a single word "lualliniall!" "Yes, itallngall! That's my name. And what's yours-cur, hound, thief ? ity God! there have been people I've used badly enought in my time, but none worm than you've used mue." "You ar. nristaken." "Am I? It looks like it. What are you doing herE?" "You know whato I'm doing." "By God! I do-you're right there. And it's bee- rise you know I know. that, although you're twice my size, and lime got all the respectability and law of England at your back, you stand tIhere shivering and shaking, afraid for your life at the sight of me." "I am not afraid of you. I repeat ihait you tre inistakeni." "And I say you lie--ou are afraid of me, penniless, shoeless, hungry beggar thouglh I "am. Your face betrays you; took at him! isn't there cowardice writ larie?" T'he man stretched out his arm, pointing to Gralthat with, a dramatic gestu'e, which certunly did not tend to iticrease that gentlenman's appear sner of ease. "Do you think I didn't see you the other day, knowing that. the time was dud for me to come out of gnol, trying to screw your couirge to the striking poimt to play the traitor; iow at the sight of me the blood turned to water in your veins? Deny it-lie if you "I do not wish to deny it, nor do I. propose to lie. I repeat, for the third time, that in the conclusions you draw you are mistalen. Miss Brodie, thvi is the person, of whuonm 1 was tnil*ing you-Cluru'les Bithllingall." (To be continued.) 