ITOMI OSSING'ON'U GHOST. (By RICIIHARD MARSH). CIIAI'TER lI.--(Continued.) "'IThen feel! I'll be 'hanged if you slhall explain now. Dash it, man, 1 want my tea; 1 want a high tea, a good tea--at once!" Ella sprang up from her chair. "Conec, Madge, let's give the nmn his ten." It was a curious nmel-if only be cause of the curious terms on which two nmemblers of the party stood to ward each othlier. The two girls sat aIt eacih endi of the table, the men oni ,ithter silde. lMadige; unlitke. hr usual self, was reserveld anld frosty; what little she did say wais addressed to Ella or Jack. 3fr. Grathamn shIe ignor ed. treating his timorous' attempts in a conversational direction with cornm plete itiattention. Hils position could hardly have been more unconfort bile. Ella, influenced by .ladge's at titude, seemed as if she could not make tltp her mind how to treat hiln o hlier own account; her bearing to yards him, to say tie least, was chilly. On the other Iand, Jack's somewr hti cllmbrous attempts at. llumour and socinbilits did not mend mattters; and nore than once before the meal was over M'. ClGraham ifust have heartily wisheid tliat le had never sat down to it Still, even ilatdge migiht have admit ted and perhaips in l her heartshe did ldmnit, that, under the .circumstantces, ie bore hiinself surprisingly well: thalt lie ,lookedl as if hlie was deserving of better .treatment. .Ialf uneconsefously to.herself--and probably quite uncon sciously to him-she kept a corner of her eye upon him ill tihe time. Hle. scareely looked the sort of man to do inytling unworlthl. The strong rough face suggested honesty, the bright clear eyes were frank ul d open; the brdaad brow spelt intellect, the lines of the mouth and jaw were bold andt firm. Thue man's whole person was sugges tive of sttength, both ph3sieal a.nd nental. And when hlie ciame to tell the story which Jack Martyn lind, fore sdhaidowed, it was difficult, as one list ened, not to believe that hlie was one nwho Ihad been raised Iby nature above thle common sort. Ie told his.tale sith a dramatic earnestness, titd yet a simple, modest sincerity,' hich held his hearers from the first, and which, before lihe had done, Ihad gaiined them all over to his side. BRUCE GRAHMSFRTCIN. tyni has told :yoI tlint b ro ptrfessioei:I ram a barinster"! o,':d said: Joel, .as lie s? ok his. head, "I have told them notihing to yaour credit." Grahtni similed, the ssmile lightilyg lup his .fe'tire's? anid correcting what seas apt .to be their chief defect, a prc sailing :soiirieness. "I amn: a b ltirriste--one of the brief less brigade. i Onle morning, about 14 eionths ago;m I left London for a spin on my bicyclc. It was the long vaca tiori every one w.as out of town ex cept myself.'l I thought I would steal a d. iwetl tht e rest. I came through Wandsworth, ;ianeaning to go across Wivinibledoln Common, through Epsonm, and an'townrds the Shirley Hills. As I came- down St .Tohn's.lill my tyre cau'glit: p!' a pieee of broken glass off the ron' d,:ineilthe result was a pnurc tern. s;? et, i'her, a ele han cut, nearly an inch iu .lenjtthi f :took it to a repair ing sholp by th ridge. As I stood waiting,'" i~ihe jobb to be done, tvwo policeman ce?l e along withl a man handcuftifted :between them, a. small crbwld attleir hee' liels. ."I as?cdel tles fellow /who i.as doing my. tyile whlitat ivwas.raong. - HIe told mei tIhit tlitherllad been a burglary at S:huse' oiin'ithe C0iaiduon:the night be fores hat,:tlh'tiih;eirgaFhlr d bieencaught in :the rescfi"?'d: rhalf-mu?'dered :' the polietmani. i twlinohad cauight hiie, aind was sew: ci .'his -' a: y:to thei magis trhtetst court. : "As it seetdii? ?eeli kelt?h the:t mend' in" of mni tyrs uldtake ewo same tine, ertuateatsd hy e morieor sprofsssioial curiositrai :,I fnlldoi;is.tlie: roid to the court "'liee as swas'.ri taken.'up isetheaut de lay. Tl'ie stitemene t tliat the con stable iwho hl?id dtleetettd ishat was tak ing plinceshad li.erbeihIf-muidered was :n enas;r eratiofn, ::s the aippear ince of the oflicer himself in. the: witness-box disclosedL.': Blu:ie had been roughly ihndled...:His liead was bhndaged, he carried liis b rm.ltr s:ling, and lie bore himself geierall ias one who had been in the swirs :.::??-experience, small as it is, teiches tha constables on such occasions' are: wnt, perhaps not unt ilaturally, to mnle t;he most of their injuries; and,' ,to say tihe least, the pri soneir hlad not escaped scot free. His slull h:ad libeenlaid open, two of his teeth hsider lieeat knocked down his throat, hlis whole body was black and blue with: :bruises. Indeed his bat tered apirearnic?efsa excited my sym pathhy that then and there I offered him mi3 gratuitous senrvices in his de fence. :Mly offer Was accepted. I did w hait I could. "Itoweser there was very little that coiildi b?;donie. The burglary, it se?md;. hid occiu?red at a place called Clover Cotti?~e"? . "'Why," cried Ella; "this is Clover Cottage!" ' "Yes,' said Jaclk sli?kding hlis head with w e liet men':e.i' to' .be mysterious significance? ."as yoiu :dorrectly ob serve, thi?s:is Clover Cottage. Didn't I tell youi you'd:see the haind of Provi dence?' You just wait a.bit, you'll be dunbfdofiided"." ' Mr. Craliai' contuinued. "Clover Cottage it appeared was un occupied. -There were in it neitheri tenants i!or goods. So far as the evi dence showed, it contained nothing at at all.. Being found in an absolutely empty house is not, as a rule, an offence which meets with a severe pun ishment. I was at a loss, therefore, to understand why my client should have mdle such a desperate defence and thus have enormously increased the measure of his guilt in the way ihe had done. Had it not been for what was termed, and perhaps rightly, his assault on the police, the affair would have been settled out of hand. As it was, the magistrate felt thaLt lie had :1no option but to send tlhe case to trial; which hlie did do there and then; "lefore his trial I had more than one interview with my client in his cell at Wandsworth Gaol. le told me, by wavr of explaining his conduct, an ex traordinary story; so extraordinary that, front that hiour to this, I have never been aible to nmakle ulip my mind as to its truth. "UJder orldinary circumstances, 1 shotlli havlile haild nio hlesitltion in af firminig hiS stiatement, or rather his series of sta.tcllleents, was Ia more or less badIly contrivedl set, of lies. But there Iwas nothing ablout tie fellow which aissuredi me that at any rate he himiself lieived whatt hlie said. lie w'ts hby no nmeans an ordinary criminal t.ye. llind there seemed nio reason to doubt his assertion thlit this was the first felonious transaction he had ever hadl a ihand in. IHe tdmitted he hadt led tti irregular life, and that hlie had come down the ladder of respectability witli a run, but he stoutly maintainedl that this was the first time lie hadl ever dlone anything deserving tihe at tention of the police. "lie was a man about forty years of ige: hie caimedl to Ibe only thirty-six. If tflitt was the fact, then the life lie litl been living, and tIlt injuries lihe hiad recently received, mtde hin look considerably older. 1lis nlme, hie said, was Charles iallingall. "' ly tradle ie was aoi piblichouse broker; onec and thlt. nott so long ago, in a, very fair way of biusiless. lIehad had a life long frieid--I am telling you the story you undeisthnd..ekactly as hlie told it ine --named Ossington-Thomas Os singri.ni il?llingall always spoke of himn'as Tom Ossington." Ellen looked at' Madge. "Madgel"' slie exclaimed, "how about TIom Ossington's Ghost?" "I knowl." Bndge sat listening with compress ed lips a'd flashling eyes; that was'all she vouchsafed to reply. M ur. Gra luam glanced in her direction as he wemlt on. "According to Ballingall's story, Ossington must hale been a man of some eccentricity. iHe was possessed of considerable means-according to itailinigrilo??l rf:large fortune. But hliis sshole existene had been embittered hyr the fiet that he had suffered from onii(i plysieml malformation. For one thliin, lihehbd a lanme, foot -,"I knows.that he was lame." This as Mhildge; .ll eyes stared on her. Yo~.0iu:knew? How did :you know?" i.t' ,b~iis6if sle told me. l.ll's,'yesonpriened w-ider. ';:t'She'itold you?" . Who?" "I'e icrhosts iwife. I ?he gliost'.sVife?":,.:. ' I".s- the 'lgh'st's wife.: But never iild: ahbout that now.: M: r. Girahnn \sill perhaps 'go on.,9.?.: -' :,-: ': i, ::AntiMfr. Grahiam ascot'!bi on - l:i'hlis had ipreyed uipoishis: liiits his s~hole life long; and, as his unwilling ness to show himself among his fellows increased, if had made of him almost a recluse. I:e Iwas, however, as it seemed, a man of strong affections, tender heart, and simple disposition. In these'respects Ballingill could not speak of him .with sufficient warmth. There never had been, he declared, a man like Tom. There was nothing lie would not dq for a friend-self-abne gation was the passion of his life. Bal lingall owned lthat Ihe owed everything to Ossington. Ossington had set himn up inm business, had helped him in a lunmtdred ways. In return he (Ballin gall) had rewarded hint with the most hidecus ingratitude. This part of the story was - accompanied by such. a strong exhibition of remorse that I, for oine.found-it diflioult not to believe in the fellow's genuiness. "In spite of his mis-sharpeaness, Os sington had found a wife, apparently Slo6rely3 one. The man loved her with. the single-eyed affection of which.such natures as his are capable. She, on the othler 'hand, ssas as unworthy .of his affection .as she -pdssibly: cbuld ':hate been. F roni ]Balgllall's ddcoiint she was evil tlhiough and :'thiroiug'h; he iolad 'inld nio epithet too evil to hirrl af' h'er But thei it was very possible ithat.he svas.prejudiced. :According ?to hinm,: this awsnanu, Ossin'itbn's :wife, loiithling her devoted lifusband; full ,to tlie lips sith scorn of him,\lihad delilie 'itely. laid hIerielf out ti -wini his (Bil liigaltPs) love, and had': scceeded s"p completely ias to hlive: caused: him 'to forget the mountain-lioad of:gratitude under which he ouglht to have stlimb led, even to the extett:of oiausing him to steal his friend's .wife the i?ife who was the very light of tlihat friend's eyes. "I think 'there was some truth 'in the fellow's version of the crime-for crime it was, and obf the. blackest dye. lie declaredifo nie ?that aS:.soon as the thing was dote, he.knew himself to be the ineffatble hound:.whichm.-he indeed sas. The veil .which the woman's allurements and sophistries had spread before his eyes was torn into shreds, and Ihe saw the situation in all its hor rible reality. Shte was as false to thim as she had been to her husband, and he had beenl to his friend. In a few months she had left him, having rutin ed him before he went. Fromn that time his career was all dowlnhill. Re morse pursued him day and night. Ie felt that he was a pariah-an outcast among men; tlhat an ineffaceable brand swas on his brosw which would for ever stamnp hinm ais accursed. It is possible that under the stress of priva tion-for he quickly 'began 'to suffer actual privation--his mind became un ilinged. But thalt lhe had suffered, and wa:s still suffering, acutely for his crime, the ssxeat of agony whuich broke out upon his brow as he told his tale was, to me, sumfficient evidence. "Two or three years passed. -fe sanki to about the lowest depths to which n man could slnk. At last, ragged, pen niless, hungry, hlie was refused a. job as a'sandwieh-man because of his in capacity to keep ulp withl his fellows. One nighlt lie was on the Surrey side of the. Tnmbanknent, near Westminster Bridge. It wvas'after lone o'clock in the morning; sliortly before, lie had heard I~ig' ien striking the hour. Iie was leaning over the parapet in front of )Doultoln's factory-you will observe that I reproduce the attention to de tail. which chamracterised this portion of his stor.j such an impression did it makle upon my mind. As he stood looking at the water, some, one touched hlim on thle shoulder. Suplposing it was a policeman ;hio suspected his intentions,.he turned hastily round. To lis astonishlent it was 'Tom Ossing ton. 'Tom!" hie giasped. "'Charlie!' returnedl tilhe other. 'Come thle first thing to-mnorrow morning to Clover Cottage.' "Without another word hlie walked rapidly aOnay in the direction of the Wandsworthl-road-tBallingall dlistinct 1'y nioticing, as he went, that his limp had perceptibly diminisihed. Left once more ailone, ];allingall was at a loss ivlt to make of the occurrence. Os singtoi's appearance at thait particular inoment, so far away from hlomne at ihat hour of the niigit. was a problem vehiefh ie foind it dcfticult to solve. TIe at last decided that the inil's incur uible telldcr-hearteclness hlad caused limi to at least partially overlook the ilackness of the offenice, iand to offer fis whilom fricaid succour in the dlepths of his distress. Anyhlow, the iext mnorning hlie found the brolkei loiwn wrtelic iin front of Ossington's house-- f this house, as 1 ulnderstand." As Mr. trauhalium said thlis, for some reaison or other at least two of its hear cr- liusereld; Ella clasped her hanids inocre lightly as they lay upon hier knee umld the expression of llMadge's wide open ceyes, greiw mol:r intense. Even lack 3Marltyn seemedl subdued. "To lif intdescribable astonishment, the house wans eimpty. A bourid in the giarden nuniounced tlat it wsas to be let or sold. As lie stood staring, a police iian came along. " 'Excuse mne!' he saiid, ''but doesn't Mr. O)ssington live lhere?' " 'He did!' answered the policeman ; 'but he doesn't nohw.' "'Can you fell me where ?he is lir in? I.want-tolkioba becatlse he-asked me to call on im,'" : "'Did hlie?' 'hen if heasked you to call on hifm,' I should if I was you. You'll findl'himin Wandlswortli church yard. That4 whlere he is living now!' "The policeman's tone was jocular. IBaillingall's appearance was against him. Evidently- the officer suspected lim of some clumsy attempt at inven tion. But as-soon as the words were uttered Ballingall staggered back againit ithe wall, according to his own account, like one stricken with death. lie was speechless. The policeman, witllh a laugh, tnrned on his heel and left him there. Impelled by some in iluence which lie couldt not resist, the conscience-lhnunted vagabond dragged his wearied feet to the chlirechyard. There among the tombstones lie found oie which purported to be erected to the memory of Thomas Ossington, wvho had been interred there some two years previously. While he stared, thundlerstruck, at the inscription, Bal lingall assured me that Tom Ossingrton stood at his side, aed pointed at it with his finger." Graham paused. iis listeners fidgt ed in their seats. It wvas a second or two before the narrator continued. "You understand tlat I am telling you the story precisely ias it was told me, without accepting for it any res ponsibility wshatever. I can only as sure you that whilst it was being told, I was so completely held, by what I can best describe as the teller's fren zied earnestness, tlhat I accepted his facts precisely as lie told them. and it was only after I got auasy from the glamour of his intensity of self-consic tion that I perceived lhow entirely irre concilable tlhey were with tihe teach ings of our everyelay experience.. "Thenceforward, Hallingall declared that hle was never without a feeling that Ossirgton was somewhere in the intermediate neighbourhood-to use his own word, that he was sladowing hlim. For the next week or two he lighted upon somewliat better times. Hlie obtained a job at road-cleaning, and in one way or another managed to preserve himself front actual stanrva tion. But, shortly,.the luck raln ount, and one night he again found himself siithout a penny with which to buy either food or lodging, He was strug gling up Southampton-street, in the Strand, intending to hang abont the purlieus of Covent Garden with the f-ainmt hope that.he night:be able to get some sort.of job at the dawn of da?y, when, hle saw. coming towards him from the:'market, Tom Ossington. Ballingall shrank bhck into.the door way, and; while 'he toodi?leie shiverz uing, Ossington icared anid planted him self in front: of him'. ' i :i: .: S" 'Chi-rlii! 1"i~ saiid ' li::didh't you come. :to Clover Cottage gwhen I told aBhiall p?ro'tsitd that hle loukeoof and p.d a d Ieost like -a riational being with the little air of impatience which hid' alwhays"been his characteristie; that there wsas nothing eitihe in his maniner or' his- appearance in any way unusual, and that there was certainly nothiing to suggest si apparition. A conversation was carried on between them just as it might have been .bh tween an ordinary Jones and Robin "'I did come!' he replied. "'Yes-but. you. stopped .:outside. WThy didn't you come inside?' " 'Because the hoiese was empty! - "'That's all'you know.' ' " 'Yes,' repieated Ballingahll, 'that's all I do know. "(To he continued.) - 