LOCAL MOVI'IMENTS. H•arry LPoute of Hamilton, leavts for: Sy ney· this mornilng, for the purpose of joining. 'theoBushmen's! oContingent., Harry vcon siders'that he has had quite nflumolent bushi experience to'sio him' tbrough,' and he pro mises Ihis fi'lends that itf he shoeld h'tve the: ngod luck to reatch :tlei front noneo' of the Boers wlll bo -baried with any loose.sllver about their clothes; A. T.:?ord, of the Newcastle Scottish Rifles, has been oniohled as -a meni:ber of the third cdntingent. rAs'previously stated, young' Ford goes in'charge' of the; buglers. Hte is eipccted in Newcastle to-morrow night to'bid farewell to his friendso. 'Captain IIorris, R.A.A.;, lilS Newcastle friends will be pleased to hear, has been placed in charge of the Bushmen's contin gent, with the rank of camp commandant and staff cficer. The men who presented themselves to Captain Moarls yesterday were passed on their tickets into the mus ktetry school, where Lieut. Mullins, A.M?.C., examined them for medical sithess. Major Olderslaw, who is assisting Captain Morris, will put the men through the shooting tests to-day. Privates Blackett and Gammidge, of the Newcastle Scottish Rifle Corps, returned from the Randwickle camp yesterday, after failing to pass the second riding test. They got through the first successfully, but in the second, the rough riding found them but, and they were rejected. Seen last night, Blackett said that having spent three weeks in the camp he was quite satis fled with the general arrangements made for the men's comfort. There, were men, however, who complainned of the quality of the food, but there was really no reason for it, despite what the Sydney papers said. The food was right enough, but it was not served uip in a sufficiently appetising man ner to suit some of the citizen soldiers, who expected 'serviettes and a young lady to wait upon them. " The fact of tthe matter is," continued 3Blac kett, "thero is far too much considera tionts shown, the citizens to the detriment of the volunteers, and were It not for the in fluency they seem to possess at headquarters they would not have the ghost of a chance of being enrolled. I had the bad luck to fail in my second riding test, which was not by any means severe, but I really think I made as good a show as some of the citizens. The latter, however, went through and I went out." Before leaving the camp Blackett spoke to Major Knight and asked that in the event of there being a sight in any capacity his claims would not be overlook ed. Since returning to Newcastle he has written to the Major offering to go as driver of a transport waggon, if he cannot accom pany the infantry. Blackett has fully made up his mind to go to South Africa, even supposing he has to board one of the transports as a stowaway. He considers that he will prove as unseful as a lot of those who are under marching orders, for the rea con that he has had some military training, whereas many of those who have been chosen do not know the first thing about it. Blackett is a powerful, strapping young follow, and It will be hard luck for him if he is not given a chance to distinguish him self. He returns to Sydney on Sunday evening for the purpose of malting a final effort to get placed on the roll, and if un succossful he willh be foud on one of the transports under the conditioBs already Otated. Our Stockton correspondent, referring to fllackott's return, says: "Very much disall pobintment was felt locally wlhen it was learned that yodng Blackett, who, it was previbusly understoodhad riato definitely been accepted as one of the second contin gent foi the South African war, had been rejected at the lasti moment. The young fellow returned to StocktLon at mid-day yes terday, and certainly looked most genuinely disappointed. Stockton felt proud to be contributing one man to the good cause, and young Blackett himself showed every indication of being most thoroughly in earn est in his ambition to go. Fromnt outward appearances his medical fitness should he beyond doubt, but mayhalp ie knew not enough of horses and muskets." 