SHORT STORY- . O — About a Necklace and Something Else, I am a coward ; it is no good saying I am not, for I am and I know it quite well. Some people say I am brave, some even strong-minded, but that is principally because I dont mmd about mice and blackbeetles, and never scream when I am frightened; none the less, really I am a coward, as I think this tale of the haunted room will show. It was Christmas time, and I was stay ing with my friend, Dolly Vanborough. Dolly is a sweet little creature, as lovable and fair and lively as I am the reverse, which, of course, tends to make us the greater friends. Still, though we had been school chums, I had never stayed with her till that Christmas, and so did not know her people. I was rather afraid of them, they were very rich, and quite kings in their own country, with a big old house and lots of company. Dolly's brother Derrick I was afraid of too ; he was much older than Dolly, very clever, and grave and silent— rather a terrible personage. And, to make matters worse, Dolly, who is the dearest little dunce in the world, persists in believing me clever, and in trying to impress other people with her belief. However, Mr Derrick was very polite, and pretended he liked talk ing to me, and never appeared to be aware of my mistakes. His mother and father, too, were so kind, and inisted on my pro longing my visit indefinitely. Altogether, I enjoyed myself, in spite of the haunted room. I slept in it. It was not supposed to be much haunted, and for a long time I heard and saw nothing. Ho one before me seemed to have been particularly troubled, - the only objection to the place being its distance from the occupied part of the house. _ I first saw my ghost when I began to inquire into his story. I did not. do this very early in my visit. It is true I asked Dolly about it soon after my arrival, but she knew nothing, and then there were so inanv other tilings to think of , that: I forgot to seek further particulars, till one evening at dinner my neighbour began a ghost conversation. Of course, this reminded me of my haunted chamber; and I applied to the general public for information. Unfortunately, I could not get much. All I could gather was that for nearly eighty years the room was supposed to have been occasionally visited more by mysterious noises and wandering lights than anything else ; even these had ceased entirely for a long time. The date when the haunting began was at the death of Dolly's great great grandmother, when also a very valuable diamond necklace disappeared ; some shadowy tradition con nected these facts in a tangled way. I was very interested, of course, and asked heaps of questions, among others whether they had searched my room for the neck lace. ' Oh, yes ; they have turned the whole house out of window one time and another,' Mr Vanborough said. 'For my part, I don't altogether believe in that necklace. "I have a fancy that it was privately sold, and its ignominious end concealed by this story.' I do not think Mr Derrick agreed with ; his father, and Dolly would have nothing to do with so unromantic a conclusion. She and the younger guests agreed to institute a search the next day. Of course nothing came of it. If you had seen them looking you would not have wondered. Anything more utterly unsystematic I , cannot imagine. The search itself was in no way important. It was the night after that my experiences of haunted rooms began. I had been asleep some time when some slight noise woke me; I am a light sleeper _ and the least thing rouses me. I was looking drowsily round, as one does on first waking me up at once. The fire was " out and, except for a little moonlight, the room was very dark. Plainly, in the patch of light, I saw, between two planks, of the floor, which was polished and only furnished on the matoasis principle, the fingers of a hand. I was simply petrified: with horror at the sight and lay bathed in cold perspiration staring at it, too fright ened to scream or move. As I, fascinated, watched it, I saw it creep along the" edge of the board for the space of a foot or more; then, as its progress was towards the bed, I gathered together all the little; courage I had and gasped, ' Go away, do go away.' And as if it had heard me, the hand went creeping back again and vanished ! It was long before I slept again, but at last I did, and with the return of daylight I had a return of courage. In fact, by morning, so brave had I become that I examined the crack between the two boards where the ghost hand had ap peared. To my great surprise I discovered that by forcing it a little way and pushing " with a strong comb, I was able to slide one plank back a couple of inches. Through the aperture thus mads I could see nothing owing to the darkness, but by tying a pocket-knife to a piece of string and using > it as a plummet, I found the distance below was considerable. The old library," the room under mine, wbs very low, I knew ; therefore it was easy to imagine there might be some sort of hiding hole between the floor of the one room and the ceiling" of the other. I questioned Dolly about it when I saw her alone after breakfast, but she knew, nothing ; I wished to keep my adventure to myself, so I was not very explicit, I am afraid. In spite of my intentions of secrecy, there was one person who found nie out, and that was Mr Derrick. Quite how he did it I do not know ; he guessed part and compelled me to tell him the" ' rest. Of course, he wanted me to give up my room in consequence, and, of course, I would not. "We both behaved rather aueerly about it, I fancy, for when I flatly declined to sleep anywhere else (which I did partly from obstinacy and partly from fear of being laughed at), he asked me to do so 'for his sake!' And I in return begged him to allow me to keep my room one more night. After some hesitation he consented to do so on condition that I would leave my door unfastened. I went to dress for dinner early that night, and took upstairs with me some long tacks. With these, using the heel of slipper as a hammer, I fastened the big gest matin the room over the sliding- board. Then I had a thorough hunt in all the likely and unlikely places I could think of for the -necklace, which, needless to say, I did not find. During dinner, however, I found something else — a hand very like my ghost hand! There is a wonderful lot of difference in hands; my ghost hand, which was naturally very clearly impressed on my mind, had short fingers full of little creases and very knobby joints. I noticed, when he was pouring out some sherry forme, thatBuncel, the butler had a wonderfully similar hand. This interested me very much, and 1" set to work to find out all I could about the the man. I learned that he was a most worthy person, and had served the Van borough family from boyhood, as his father had before him. Indeed, the latter bad been in tbeir service at the time of the disappearance of the necklace. I did not tell anyone about the hand coincident ; I thought it best, because, you see, there really was very little to go upon; all the same I could not help think- X mg about it in a really foolish fashion that night. What with that and specu lating about . Mr. Derrick's behaviour, which had been most perplexing, I found when, having looked under the- bed, I got inside it, that it was quite impossible, to sleep.- I kept looking from the mat- covered board to the unlocked door, and then back to the board again, and thinking and thinking of — oh, lots of things, till it became quite dreadful. At last, unable to stand the strain any longer, I got up and went to the fireplace, and stood staring at the now low and smouldering fire. _The room was quite warm, and my dressing, gown was beyond that horrid sliding- board in a dark corner, arid I am ashamed to contest I had not the courage to fetch it. The fire, as I said, was getting low, anfi, and, as I had no fancy for being left in the dark by its .expiring altogether, I turned- to get some wood to - f eplenish it." As I stooped I leaned one hand against the; woodwork of., ;a panel by the mantel piece for support. Suddenly it' gave way beneath the preas„uje,_and I nearly lost my balance and qriite' lost my nerve in corise-- quence. Hastily withdrawing .my- hand, ?I poked up the' fire, and;, still shaking a little,.' proceeded, to examine- my new; dis covery, of course brimming, over with the idea of finding the necklace." ' The aperture' s9. imesqp®ctediy- revdaled looked like" a small- cupboard, --'-arid .VaA riot more than", twelyri or" fourteen 'inches anyway ; it- was, mpfeover,. quite devoid of - interest;" and absolutely empty. I had.,come ioXtiiis..cqh-;" clarion— itd.not. takalpng 'to'dq so, see-._ injgtlmt ikepuld .be discOTefefiafia glance — when, another idea occurred - to me. Supposing this secret cupboard was/only the ante- chamber, that it contained, hidr den inrit, the entrance to another P Such a thing seethed possible — indeed, nothing seemed impossible in my surprising room, 'especially at that hour of nights Accord ingly,! felt and poked all round the small place, not forgetting to keep, an -eye on- that nailed mat. . . All ..at once, , something clicked,", gavc-A. arid then there was a thud— a " sriap-aDd the spring had closed - again; as suddenly as it had opened- But it had left some thing outside, something that had fallen down when it had opened;?— what was it ? I. turned, to the' firelight) with .a mad excitement shaking me all over. No ! Yes, it was — it was really the lost neck lace ! " - .. There it was, . folded in' paper, lost for years, but glimmering, glowing in the firelight like drops of crystallised light ! And I, spellbound, held it, admiring it as only a woman can admire diamonds, oblivious alike of door and board. And then suddenly a hand was placed over my mouth, a weight was flung - on me from behind, and the next instant the necklace lay a pool of light on the 'floor, and I was locked in deadly combat. - I am strong, very strong— girls are nowa days — and I am stronger than most; and though I was taken unawares, I was - no mean adversary for my unknown foe, .hampered as he was . by long 'white' draperies sriitable to his role of ghost. I am afraid, unwomanly as it may seem, I dearly ' love a tussle, not" quite, such an earnest one as that was.; though I some how knew then that it was a matter of life and . death , we were fighting out as , we rolled over and over on the polished floor.- A matter of life and death to be fought and fought alone, for my.own room was so far removed - from the. rest of the house hold that. X, might even, then have been murdered without their . knowledge. Was I so far removed 'from everyone ? How was it, -then, that -the door- flew open, and a, man rushed in, and, divining by in-, stinct between the two struggling figures, . dealt the ghost such a blow,-, reducing hiiri to silence ? How was it, arid" who was it ? Why, Derrick! ; Yes, Derrick, who had watched all night in the next, room, the old ) disused picture- room, and who stood - with- -pale face and trembling hands, all fearful- for me ; Der rick, who picked up the necklace and hung it round" my neck, and - vowed no one should "wear it but hie ; Derrick, who gathered, me in his arms,: and then apolo gised, and then asked me , if he might, aind. oh ! I can't tell any more ! Just a word about Mr Buncell, though. It appears his father had-, stolen the neck lace and "hidden" it until /he. could find a convenient opportunity for selling it. The opportunity never came,- and owing to his sudden death,, the exact .whereabouts of hiding-place was never known. ; His son, who had-'spent much timri- ".looking for it unsuccessfully, believed; it. to be bidden somewhere in my room.. When he saw the" unexpected publicity given/to the story, and the energetic search iriade for the" necklace, he felt he must take desperate measures, and carry on the hunt bimRolf; and, as he was unable to go to the room in the day without causing remark, he deter- . mined to do so at night. If by so doing he frightened me into giving up the room, he would no doubt have been "very pleased, as he would' have had the 'coast clear. The space between the library and my room and=the sliding-board, which was one of the two ways into it, had been made during a time of religious persecution, it was . believed, but its exact, history was never known. The secret cupboard" and its hidden spring were probably con structed by Buncell's father, who wag well versed in the ways' of locks arid' springs/ There is really . nothing more "to tell, except that no one has. ever worn the neck lace but me. Mrs' Vanborough says she ,iB too old for such ' -things, - and Mr Van borough says it becomes his son's wife, especcially as she found itp arid Derrick says— well, 'lots of things.— -TJ. Lr Sil- BE'ebad. : ----- v. 