§,ztiAz%. 'Short, Sharp, Shiny.' Will Lord Roberts finish off the war this month? TJie Siiglie^c price for wheat now is 2/10J a bus'liel. A close season for Murray fish h:as been declared. A sad case of poverty has been disclosed in Perth. Colonel Hoad, of Victoria, is returning invalided. Captain Hubbe longs to Lave a shot at ttbe Boers. Mr. ii. J\lorgan Haiwkes died on Monday afternoon. The Hun* Club ball -wiU be Tield on August 24. 'JUlie Boers 'Ji'ave derailed a train at Hon aing Spruit. Mi-. J. P. Stow, 6.M., has 'been on a visit to the west. The Boers ihave been repulsed at near Fredirickstad. McFarlane Bros.' store at Port Lincoln burned down. Lord Kitchener is operating against Ge neral De Wet. General Hunter 'has bagged 3,348 Boers at Fouriesberg. Manitoba wheat is to be given .a trial in the »oii-m-east. tion -m 'Ohange.« Mr. J. Oornisih, of Yankalilla, is at pre sent in London. The Boers have been imp-orting explosives as disinfectants. A man shot in a quarrel at the Mount William goldfield. Dr. Barnado 'has over 5,300 recruits in his rescued army. There are 12,185 members of the I.O.O.F., M.U.. in the colony. Bis'hop Thornton, late of Ballarat, is on his way to England. Tihey are stall getting good gold in the MaoDonnell Ranges. Colonel ltoweli has been favorably men tioned in dispatches. Some light thrown on the appointment of Captain Creswell. Mr. Gee's reports concerning Tarcoola are very satisfactory. 'Ghosts' are frightening people in the eoutn-eaet and north. A petition from flux carters against the The actual amount received of the last loan- was £945,378 17/. Angelo Bresai has informed the police that the Czar is to fall. 'Boers who fight and run away turn up and fight another day.' It is suggested that Port Robe should be made a deep sea harbor. The Minister of Education has visited the Bridgewater school. The assassination of King Humbert bad long been premeditated. Crops in Victoria, as in South Australia, are looking well just now. A man died a* Broken Hill from in juries received in a fight. Alfred Joseph, die » icborian bookie, died in London on Wednesday. The labors of the Taxation Commission are now draiwing fco a close. Crushing was resumed at the Arltunga Cyanide Works on July 10. West Coasters want better shipping ac commodation at Scales Bay. Corporal Wilson, and Privates Larsen and Howe returned by the Persic. . The Belgian Government allowed Sipido to escape and express regret. Kruger is pretty well cornered now and the end ought not to be far off. to give the naval men a send off. The recently-captured Boers have soft nosed bullets in their bandoliers. Three bullets entered the breast of King Humbert and the first was fatal. A swagman named Donald McDonald died a lonely death in the scrub. The Wallaroo, from the Australian station, has arrived at Hongkong. The Boer war lias cosx Great Britain £42,000,000 up to the present time. Nurioobpa residents want the Angaston railway to start from Rosevrorbhy. The Boers have been turned out of Ma galiesbergen by General Hamilton. This season 206,043 trees have (been dis tributed foy the Forest Department. There is no employment in Africa for those who have not learned a trade. President Kruger has offered compensa tion to Boers remaining in tttie field. 'Some good returns have been obtained from the Petersburg Cyanide Works. At present the proposed attack on the Treasury benches has come to naught. General Clery, with 250 men, doubled up a strong Boer commando the other day. The increase of deposits at the Savings Bank for July amounted to £8,709 8/4. Mi's. F. W. Deeley, of Glenelg, has for warded 50 soldiers' kits to South Africa. The new King of naly was received at Monza with a fervent outburst of loyalty. General Ollivier's lime of retreat through the Drakensburg as now effectively bjocked. Mr. John Bowman, one of South Austra- lia's pioneer squatters, has died in Hobart. The Rev. L. P. Crawfurd has reached England, after spending Easter in Jerusa- lem. Horrible case in Bourke of a woman found dead with her face eaten away by oaA's. The quantity of wheat and flour afloat for the United Kingdom is 2,335,000 quar ters. Last week the Victorian Department of Agriculture exported £20,000 worth, of pro duce. An Anarchist who financed Salson, the wouM-tbe slayer o'f the &ha;!k, has been ax rested. The Government is sending two shiny cases of minerals to the Petersburg Exhi bition. Miss C. Bessan, the first lady resident of Tarcoola, has been presented with a gold wa'tch. The Government received £136,267 as duty on goods imported during the June quarter. Lord Roberts is said to have ordered his London house to (be ready for hiui in Sep tember. The Boers are brave, but they deserve execration for their uncivilised methods of warfare. , , The assassination of King Humbert has caused widespread grief and indignation in Italy. (Eighteen Maoris— 16 children and two adults— drowned in a boating accident near Auckland. The assassin of King Humbert has con fessed that he was designated to commit the crime. Kruger is trying to concentrate the various commandos at Lydenburg for a last stand. Miss Lilian Coomiber, a soprano, has been engaged by Mi\ George Musgrove to come bo Australia. The route wiidh the Prince of Wales took to Coburg was changed owing to the fear of anarchists. 