THE DAUGHTER OF AN EMPRESS: A STUAND MYSTERY. (DY WILLIAM LE QUEUX.) CHAPTER XXV.— THE PERSON WHO KNEW. The encounter was n" startling one. At the moment when my eyes llrst fell upou tho figure standing patiently in tno hooklng-ofllco awaiting me, I halted for a second In uucer- Lil 111 t j . 1 IIU D1IUUUI lit; IKIUIW ...... .. youngish brown-haired and rather good-looking woman, nently dressed in dead black, wearing a large hat and a feather boa round her throat. By the expression of her face I saw that sho had recognised me. I had, of course, never seen her before, yet her personal appearance— the grey eyes aud brown hair — were exactly similar to those described so minutely on several occasions by West, the cab driver. I regarded her for a moment in silent wonder, then ad vanced to meet h,cr. She was none other than tho unknown woman who had saved my life on that fateful night at The Boltons — the mysterious Edna! As I raised my hat she bowed gracefully, and with a merry stuile, said: "I tear that, to you, I nm a stranger. I recognise you, however, as Mr. Heaton." "That is certainly my name," I responded, still puztled. "And you— well our recognition is, I believe, mutual — you, arc Edna." She glanced at me quickly, as though sus picious. "How did you know that?" sho in quired. You have never seen inc before. You were totally blind oil the lnot occasion wo met." "I recognised you from your description," I answered with a ligh.t laugh. ."My description!" she echoed in a tone of dis tinct alarm. . "Yea, the description given of you by the cab man who drove me home qn that memorable morning." "Ah! Of course," she ejaculated In sudden re membrance. Then, for a few seconds, she re mained in silence. It seemed as though tho fact that I had recognised her bad somewhat confused her. "But 1 am extremely glad that wo have met at last," I assured her. "I have, times with out number, hoped to have an opportunity of thanking you for tho great services you onco rendered me." "I find with satisfaction that although six years have gone by you have not forgotten your promise made to mo," she said, her largo serious eyes fixed upon mine. "I gave you that promise in exchange for my life," I remarked, as, at her suggestion, we turned and walked out of the station. "And as acknowledgment of the service you rendered by preserving secret your knowledge of the events of that terrible night 1 was enabled to render you a small service in return," she said. "Your sight war, restored to you." "fi'or that, how can 1 isufllcicntty thany you?" 1 exclaimed. "I owe it all to you, and rest assured that although we lmvo not met until tlls evening, I have never forgotten— nor shall I ever forget." « She smiled pleasantly, while I strolled slowly at her side across the station-yard. To mc thoso moments were like a dream. Edna, the woman who had hitherto been but a strango ghost of the past, was now actually be side me in the fiesh. "I have received other notes making appoint ments — the last, I think, a couple of years ago," I observed, after a pause. "Did you not meet me then?" She glanced, at me with a puzzled expression. Of . course she knew nothing of those lost, years of my life. vnit?" eVin rennated. "Certailllv not. "Who met mo, then?" "I really don't know," she answered. "This is the first time I have approached you, and I only come to you now In order to ask you to grant me a favor— a very great favor." "A favor! What is it?" "I cannot explain here, in the street," sho said, quickly. "If you will come to my hotel I will place tho facts before you." "Where are you staying?" "At the Bnth Hotel, In Arlington-street." I kno\v the place well. It stood at the corner of Arlington-street and Piccadilly, and was an eminently respectable, old- fashioned place, patro nised by a high-class clientele. "And you aro alone?" L inquired, thinking it strange that she should thus ask mc to her hotel. "Of course, I have come to London oxpressly to see you," she responded, "f Wont down to Budlclgh Saltorton two dnys ago, but I ascertain ed at Denbury that you had left suddenly." "Whom did you see thore?" I inquired, much Interested. ' , "Your butler. He told me some absurd story how that you bad becomo temporarily Irrespon sible for your actions, and had disappeared leav ing no address." "And you came to London?" "Of course." "And how did you find out where I was hidden and my assumed name?" She smiled mysteriously. "It was easy enough, I assure you. A man of your influence in tho City, well-known as you are, lias considerable difficulty in effectively concealing his Identity." i ' "But who told you where I was staying?" I demanded. "Nobody. I discovered it for myself." "And yat tho police have been searching for me everywhere nnd have not yet discovered me!" I remarked, surprised. ' "Tho pollco have one method," sho said. "I have an entirely different one." "Tell me one thing," I said, halting In our walk, for 'wo were already at the commencement of Victoria-street— that street down which I had wunderod blindly on that night long ago when I had last myself — "tell mc for what reason those previous appointments wore made with mo at Grosvenor Gate, at King's Cross, at Eastbourne, and elsewhere?" "You kept them," she replied. "Y'ou surely know." "No, that's just it," I said. "Of course I don t expect you to give credence to what I say — it sounds too absurd — but I have absolutely no knowledge of keeping those appointments except the one at Grosvenor Gate, and 1 am totally ignor ant of having met anybody." Sho paused, looking me full In tho face with thoso grey eyes so full of mystery. "I begin io think that what the butler told mo contains somo truth," she observed bluntly. "No," I protested. "My mind Is In no way un hinged. I am fully aware of all that trausplred at The Bullous, of " "At Tho Iloltons?" she Interrupted, turning a trifle pale. "What do you mean?" "Of the crime enacted aL that house — in Tho Boltons." Sho held her breath. Plainly sho was not he- fore aware that I had discovered tho spot where the tragedy had taken place. My words had taken her by surprise, and It was evident that she was utterly confounded. My discovery I had kept a profound secret unto myself, and now, for tho llrst time, had revealed It. Her face showed how utterly taken aback sho was. "There Is some mistake, I think," sho said lamely, apparently for want of something other to say. "Suroly your memory carries you back to that midnight tragedy, "I exclaimed rather hastily, tor I saw she would even how mislead mo, If she could. ,"I have discovered where it took place — I have since re-entered that room!" "You have!" she gasped In the lew lioarso voino of one fearful lest her secret should ho discovered. "You have actually re-dlscnvcred tho house — even though you wcro stone blind!" "Y'os," I answered. "How did you accomplish it?" I shrugged my shoulders, answering — "There Is an old saying— a very true one — that 'murder will out.' " "But tell me more. Explain moro fully," sho urged In an earnest, tone. I hesitated. Next instant, however, I decided to keep my own counsel In the matter. Her readiness to deny that, the events occurred In that house bad ro-aroused within me a distinct sus picion. "It Is a long story, and cannot he told here," I answered evasively. "Then come along to the hotel," sho suggested. "I, too, havn much to say to you." I do not know that I should have obeyed Iter wcro it not for the mystery wlile.li had hitborto veiled her identity. She had saved my life, it. is true; nnd I supposed that I ought lo consider her as a friend; yet In those few minutes during which I had gazed upon her a curious disllko of her had arisen within me. Sho was, I felt certain, not the straightforward person I had once be lieved her lo be. Not that there wos anything In her appearance, against her. On tho contrary, she was a pleasant," smiling, rather preLty woman of perhaps thirty- five, who spoko with the air and manner of a lady, and who carried herself well, with the grace of ono in a higher social circle. After a fow moments' hesitation my curiosity got tho better of my natural caution, and I deter mined to hear what sho lind to say. Therefore wo drove together to the Bath Hotel. In her own private sitting-room, a eoRy littlo apartment overlooking Piccadilly, opposite Dover- street, she removed her big black hat, drew off her gloves, and having Invited mo to a clialr took one herself on tho opposite Ride of the fireplace. Her maid was there when wo entered, but retired at word from her mistress. "You, of course, regard It as very curious, Mr. Ileaton, that after these six yenrs I should again seek you," alio commenced, leaning her nrm light ly upon the little table, and gazing straight Into my face without flinching. "It Is truo that onco I was onablcd to render you a service, and now In rolurn I ask you also to render mc one. Of courso, It Is useless lo deny that a secret exists between us— a secret which, If. revealed, would bo disastrous." "To whom?" "To certain persons whose names need not ho mentioned." "Why not?" "Think!" sho said, very gravely. "Did you not .promise mo that, In return for your llfo when you were blind and helpless, you would make no oftort to learn tho true facts? It soems that you hnvo already learnt at. least one — the spot whero tho crlmo was committed." "I consider It my duty tc learn what I can of tills affair," I answered determinedly. Sho raised her oyebrowe with an expression of surprise, for she saw that I was in oarncet. "After your vow to me?" she asked. "Remem ber that, to acknowledge that indebtedness for that vow, I searched -for the ono speclaljst who could rcstoro your sight. To my efforts, Mr. Heaton, you aro now: in possession of that scuso that was lost to you." "I acknowledge that freely," I answered. "Yet, even In that you have sought to deceive me." "How?" "You told mo that you wero not tho writer of those letters signed with a pseudonym." "And that is true. I was not the actual writer, even though X may liavo caused them to bo written." "Having thus deceived mo, how can you hope that I can be free with you?" "I regret," sho answered. "That slight decep tion has been necessary to preserve tho secret." "Tho secret of the crime?" Sho nodded. "Well, and what do you wish to tell mo this evening?" Sho was silent for a moment, toying with her rings. "1 want to appeal to your generosity. I want you to assist mc." "In what manner?" "As before." "As before!" I repeated, greatly surprised. "I have no knowlodgo of having assisted you before." "What!" sho cried. "Is your memory so de fective that you do not recollect your transactions with those who waited upon you — those who kept the previous appointments of which you have spoken ?" "I assure you, madam," I said, quite calmly, "I have not the least Idea of what you mean." "Mr. IJcaton!" sho cried. "Have you really taken leave of your senses? Is It actually true what your butler has said of you — that on the day you loft Denbury you behaved like a madman?" "I am no madman!" I cried with considerable warmth. "The truth Is that I remember nothing since one evening nearly six yearn ago, when 1 was smoking with — with a friend — In Chelsea, uutll that day to which my servant has referred." "Y'ou remember nothing? That. Is most extraor dinary?" , "If strango to you, mndame, how much more strange to me? I have told you the truth; there fore, kindly proceed to explain the object of theso previous visits of persons you havo apparently sent to me." "I really think that you must be joking," sho said. "It seems Impossible that you should ac tually be unaware." "I tell you that I havo no knowledge whatsoever of their business with me." "Then if such Is really the case, let me explain," she said. "First, I think you will admit that your fianancial transactions with our Government havo brought you very handsome profits." "I am not aware of having had any transactions with (lie British Government," I answered. "I refer to thai, of Bulgaria,' she explained. "Surely you are aware that through my Interme- dtarj- you have obtained great concessions — tho docks at Varna, the electric trams at Sofia, the railway from Tironva to tho Servian frontier, not tc mention other great undertakings which havo keen floated as companies, all of which are now earning handsome profits. Y'ou cannot be Ignor ant of that!" I remembered that Gedge had shown mo some official parchment which ho had explained were concessions obtained from Prince Ferdinand of Bulgaria. That this woman had been the means of securing to mc the 'greater part of the enor mous profits which I had apparently made within the past five years was certainly surprising. "On tho day I recovered consciousness — the day of my departure from Denbury — 1 was shown some documents, hut took hut little hoed of tlrsm." I said. "Y'ou admit, however, that tho employment of British capital in Bulgaria has realised a very handsome profit, and that the greater part of it UU» &UUU; UJLU /uui I/O II (lutncto, "I suppose that is so," I responded. "Is it to you that I am Indebted for those concessions?" "Certainly." "Are you, then, an ambassadress of th® Princi pality of Bulgaria?" "Wc-ll, yes — If you choose lo put it so." "Then, as I understand, It is with somo fur ther financial object that you have sought me this evening?" "Exactly." This latest development of the affair was cer tainly most remarkable. I bad never dreamed that to this hitherto unknown woman I had been indebted for tho unparalleled success which had attended my cnrcer during those last six years. Y'c-t from -the facts she subsequently placed before mo it would seem that it was at her Instiga tion that I first dabbled in finance. She, or rather Her agents, had obtained for mo the negoti ation of a substantial loan to Prince Ferdinand, aud this had been followed by all sorts of con cessions, not ono of which had turned out badly. The mysterious Edna, whom I had always be- lievod to be a typical blouse-and-btcycle girl of the true Kensington type, was actually a politi cal ngent of that most turbulent of all the Euro pean States. 1 rat looking at her In wonderment. Sho possessed a superb carriage, a smart, well- dressed figure, a smiling intelligent face, white even teeth, a complexion just a trifle dark, but betraying no trace of foreign birth. Iler Eng lish was perfect, her manner purely that of tho patrician, while her surprising tact possessed all the finesse of an accomplished diplomatist." "I confess that I have all along been In entire ignorance of my indebtedness to you,' 1 said, after listening to her while 6lic explatned how obedient ly I had followed the instructions contained In the letters signed "Avel," nnd how I had so materially advanced the interests of the Princi pality that tho thanks of tho Bulgarian Presi dent or Sobranje, had been tendered to rae, and the I'rlnco himself had a couple of years ago conferred upon mo tbo highest distinction within his power. Y'el it was more than«strange that while tills shrewd, grey- eyed woman, the possessor of the secret of that puzzling crime, held aloof from mc sho had Ingeniously contrived that I should become tho unwitting catspaw of uu uustuble Slate. , , I was thinking of Mabel— my thoughts were al- ways of my lost, love— and I was wonclcrinu iiow l might obtain from this women, tho secret of her whereabouts. (To ho continued.) 