IN FRONT AND BEHIND. (By Valentine Day. J THE WEEK'S PROGRAMME. The Criterion— Drink ; Hamlet on Friday. Her Majesty's — Iolanthe. The Palace — What Happened to Jones. The Koyal — How London Lives. The Tivoli— Billie Barlow. The Standard — Marlow's Dramatic Company. Centenary Hall — Jubilee Singers. Redfern Station — Fitzgerald Bros'. Circus. The Town Hall — Organ Recitals. Queen's Hall — Museum of Anatomy. Cyclorama — Jerusalem and Illusions. The Herald tells us that Dot Frederic began her stage career at Sydney Royal in Betsy when Maltby and St. Maur were playing that jovial comedy in '86. She then played Mother Goose in The Sleep ing Beauty prior to joining Bland Holt for two years. Soon after that she joined Chas. Arnold to play Jeff Thursby in Hans the Boatman. It turned out to be an engagement for life. What Happened to Junes has done record business during the week, eclipsiog the business done v' here in its first week by Charley's Aunt on the late Thornton-Arnold tour, altho' that story of the nuts had a Boxing Night and another holiday thrown in. The Power of Wealth has drawn well at the Criterion but it will be re placed to night by Drink, Charles Reade's dramatisation of Zola's great novel, L'Assommoir. This strong play was produced here first some 1 3 years ago with Charles Warner, Agnes Thomas, Herbert Flemming, Emma Chambers, Albert Marsh, and Jenny Watt- Tanner in the cast. Unless Warner played a return sea son it has not been seen here since, and it ought to fill the Criterion for some time. Macbeth is in pre paration at this house for Friday night use.' Iolanthe goes up at Her Majesty's to-night. Jennie Opie has joined the company in order to play the Queen of the Fairies, Irene Outtrim is the Iolanthe, Carrie Moore the Phyllis and the three Fairies will be played by Ruby Bowring, Joey Cassilis, and Cecil Engleheart. Ada Winston-Weir has seemingly dropped out, perhaps she may come on again with Florodora, the musical comedy by Owen Hall and Leslie Stuart which recently completed its 250th production at the Lyric, London. At the Tivoli business is good as usual ; in fact it is very good. The Haytors are always amusing and their new dance is a thing to dwell on. By the way, for the past fort night, Nita Clarke has added Leete to her name. Harry Shine is now showing at the Adelaide Tivoli. By cable we learn that Lottie Collins, .of Ta - ra - ra - Boom - de - ay fame, left London for Sydney by the Orizaba and will open at the Tivoli on or soon after October 16th. How London Lives, by Arthur Shirley and Martyn Field, is one of those stereotyped melodramas which have oppressed us since Boucicault died, Sims got worked out, and George Arthur Jones took to comedy. But the inferior gingerbread is so well gilt that people rush to partake of it. On the afternoon of Friday, Sep tember 14th, a grand performance will be given at Her Majesty's Theatre, by the combined companies, orchestras, and staffs from the Cri terion, Tivoli, Palace, Royal, Her Majesty's and Fitzgerald's Circus, in aid of the Distressed Actors' Fund. Fitzgerald Bros, circus begins its' Sydney season to-night on the old ground opposite the Redfern station. The company has been strengthened by the importation of eight star turns from Europe. They have also got the three crack jumping horses, New haven, Cadet and Playboy. Joe Morris is in front. The Sydney Liedertafel gives its 100th concert on Wednesday next in the Town Hall when the Columbus Cantata of Brambach will be ren dered by Contralto Jessie King, Tenor F. R. Woodhouse, and other artists. Alfred Hill will conduct and Rivers Allpress will be leader of the orchestra. At the Centenary Hall, the new attractions are Dezalia Underwood — a full- blooded negress with a fine soprano — and Robt. S. Allen, a negro baritone. The Jubilee Singers still draw good houses. Wirth Bros. Circus is doing top sawyer business in Westralia. Rickards' Adelaide Tivoli is tuning things up and doing excellent biz. Good old Alf. Wybuid died at Co-gee of pneumonia on Tuesday. Dorothy Yane and Norman Men zies were married at the Australia on Tuesday. Paderewski has been mobbed by a bt of girl admirers at Chicago. Fancy being kissed to death by a girls' school ! It would be a slobbery death ! The Bulletin says that J. C. Williamson does not look 55. Doesn't he? They say that Nat Goodwin was on a bender when he took that morphia. A Johann Strauss, nephew of Johann Strauss II, tours the world with an orchestra. Rosina Hegarty's pupils gave a concert at the New Masonic Hall on Friday evening last. They say that Musgrove will really carry war into the enemy's camp at Sydney Lyceum. Musgrove first burst up the W. and M. show by taking that un happy house. It was nearly a knock out for both. The Glebe Amateur Dramatic Company has been playing H. J. Byron's Uncle at Glebe Record Reign Hall. Jennie Maynard, an Australian comedienne, is starring in The Nurse at London Coronet. Brough cracked some awful jokes at his Melbourne farewell. The Broughs are now at Perth. Cora, Ina, and Connie Milne go to India shortly to fulfil a theatrical engagement of a lucrative character. Johaun Kubelik, the new violinist, is only 20 years, but he has captured London, where he arrived an un known, The Downards, boy and girl, have returned from New Zealand after a successful three months with W. R. Dlx. The Faust Sisters, a good-looking and smart trio, are on their way back from Manila. They are in Mr. Sinnotte hands for engagement. Of Eleonora Duse in Magda, an English writer says : ' She does not act, she lives this part.' Good play — great actress. In spite of the wealthy fund for distressed actors in Melbourne, more than one old identity ia said now to sleep out in the gardens o' nights. No no, critic in music for the Herald , Melbourne, is brother to the Morrison wrongly said to be killed in China. John F. Sheridan left Townsville for Melbourne on September 1st. They open on Yarra's Banks in A Trip to Chicago. ' It is said that Walter Bentley left the Douglas Ancelon Co. in Laun ceston in order to sail for Britain after a nine years' absence. John Fuller (N.Z.) has engaged the Flying Jordans through W. R. Sinnotte, and Priscilla Verne is likely also to go to him. It appears that Coleman, the scene painter now helping Goatcher with Musgrove's work, is brother to little Johnny, the scarecrow. The Moss Company, which runs over 20 British music halls, have engaged Rae Cowan and Sam Austin for a couple of years or so. The Wm. Anderson Company, now at Broken Hill, gives Port Pirie a turn ere striking out for bed-rock at Bendigo. Ruby Bowman, now showing at Melbourne Royal, in private life is wife to J. H. Nunn, a sound and painstaking actor. Hamilton Hill was said to be work ing in the Post Office, Coolgardie, when the late Charles Godfrey dug him out of the mail-bags. Hope Mayne, now at the Palace and showing at the Criterion some months ago, is daughter to Alexan der Mayne and a very refined and attractive actress. Mrs. R. L. Hunter, nee Florence Fowler, a distinguished South Aus tralian amateur vocalist and well known at Broken Hill, died recently at Inverell. An epidemic of fainting has set in amongst London singers. Grace Palotta, Maud Hobson, Ella Snyder, Edna May, and Violet Lloyd are all subject to it. It is said that Bookie Josephs left a bit of money to the Lincoln s, his nephews and nieces — W. J. Lincoln, author of the Power of Wealth, being one of the former. I have often heard of the practice of shoeing geese. It appears that they do it with tar and sand in Prague ere walking them to the goose fair. Mrs. Mary Ann Melville, it ap pears, died of heart disease and the shock which took her off was caused by the barbarous fashion in which poor Lance Lenton's lifeless body was dumped into the van which bore him to the morgue. After the Crane-Power season at Melbourne Her Majesty's comes the Comic Opera Company, and then comes a panto of tho Djin-Djin ' breed. , It appears that Nance O'Neil's love for Ibsen and Sudermann is frowned on by McKee Rankin, who cannot see the inwardness of their plays. George Mu&grove;, though brother Harry, is now advertising for voices in the Melbourne papers. William-i son takes care he won't kidnap his lot. The Nelson 111 ing worth Night in Bohemia benefit at the Town Hall, was a great success, and the bene ficiare will probably receive £100 or more. Nicholson & Co.'s new piano has mandolin and zither effects. Also the application of a certain pedal gives it a silent keyboard ; while another gives a muffled tone. . Last Monday night, Millie Prim | rose, the young Australian prima donna, gave a successful concert at the Y.M.C.A. Hall in aid of the Indian Famine Fund. On Monday and Tuesday of this week, the Musical Competition, brought about largely by the exer tions of Government House, took place at the Town Hall, and on Wednesday night the successful competitors, assisted by several lead ng artistes, gave a concert. On the evening of next Tuesday, a Grand Congress Concert of 1000 massed children's voices will take place at the Town Hall. ICafee Rooney, Henri Staell, Burns- Walker, and Edward Sykes will also perform. Little Ethel, a girl contortionist now showing with Dix at Auckland, leaves for Paris at the year's end. Ferry the Frog opens with Dix shortly. Charles Hugo has returned to his old form and is a great favorite down there. Edwin Booth, the tragedian, had a broken nose, A lady once re marked to him, ? I like your acting, Mr. Booth, but to be frank with you, I can't get over your nose.' 'No wonder, madame,' he replied, ' The bridge is gone .' Frank Clark is travelling in the north of W.A. with an erratic sort ' of biograph. He attributed its failure to the fact that it had been previously fed on electricity and gas did not agree with it. At St. Louis, America, Mr. Lou Bates sued his wife, a society dame, for divorce, on the grounds that she had repeatedly misconducted herself with the ghost of the late Mr. Florence, a popular actor 20 years ago, and was engaged to marry him in the next world. The Critic's Melbourne show writer is doing much better ^rork than is the Bulletin 'q man. Fisher is too prejudiced, too groovy for good sustained work. He has clobbered over such fourth-rate actresses as Maud Williamson, but denies to Nance O'Neil all ability. Dining with some friends, a heated dispute arose between Foote, the actor, and a nobleman. The latter sought to disparage Foote by ask ing him what his father was. «A tradesman,' said Foote. ' Then, sir, it's a pity he did not make you one.' . ' And, pray, let me ask, what was your father, my lord V 4 My father, Mr. Foote, was a gentleman.' 4 Then, my lord, it's a pity he did not make you one !' Shiel Barry, creator of Gaspard in Le Cloches du Corneville, Michael Feeney in Arrah - na - Pogue, and Harvey puff in The Sliaughraun, was gold digging at Lambing Flat in the early days. His first engagement was . with William Hoskins at the Ballarat Royal. At a later date he joined Barry Sullivan in Melbourne. The Sketch wants to make out that all plays with silver in the title do golden business. Well, Grundy's Silver .Shield was a failure at the Comedy, London, with Amy Roselle and Arthur Dacre in the lead ; here it failed at the Criterion when played by the Broughs. The Silver Falls failed at the London Adelphi with Terriss in it ; here it went down wop at The Royal when played principally by an imported company. Not only were the ' plays unfortunate, so also were the leading performers just mentioned. J. W. Sweeney and George T. Staplee have organised a touring dramatic Company which comprises JV ; l\ West, W. N. Carroll, George Grossj Chas. Smith, Lewis Lawrence, S. C. Bayfield, F. P. Crofton, Francis Eaton, E. S. Young and, of cpurse, J. Smith, also Mollie Browne, Rochefoit-Roehelle, Stella Thebaud a.nd Rose Wilt-Phillips. Outside half a dozen of this crowd the others are strange to me and some of them are, most strangely named. They play The Irishman, Vengeance Is Mine, and On Shannon's Shore. It appears that Gilbert's quarrel with Janette Steer's impersonation of Galatea arose because she intruded herself between Pygmalion and Cynisca at the moment when the latter was exclaiming : ' Be just and let him pay the penalty.' The author's directions were that Galatea should then shrink away horrified and finally fall in a faint. Instead of which Miss Steer obtruded herself between Cynisca and the audience, saying repeatedly : ' Cyni ca, pity him ! ' As I have already said the judge refused to interfere. A pretty ballet is danced some times in the South Sea islands after the. Kava drinking is over. Gaggin thus describes it : — The lasses sprang up and danced the dance of the in flowing. tide, and very pretty and pioetical it was — tiny mites, with white tapa garlands to represent the little wavelets rippling on the beach, in the foreground, while the older and taller girls at the back were sup posed to form the crest of the wave, and all imitated in a droning mono tone the noise of the waves rolling in on the shore, advancing, retreating, yet ever approaching, as the incoming tide rolled on. Miss Heba Barlow, who lately returned from Manilla owing to ill health, was loath to retreat as, in the month of good health which the climate permitted her, she made herself a great favorite. Indeed the Alhambra Vaudeville Company has done mammoth business there — a thing contrary to all precedent. It is more than likely that Mis s Uarlow tfill shortly appear in Sydney under the. management of Mr. Williamson -—if. not,. Musgrove will snap her up. Sidney does not know her but she has- shown in most of the other Aus tralian cities, on tour with W. B. Warner, Chas. Cogill, St. John, Dave Warne, Thosi Hudson, and others. When, owing to the marriage of I Qpjcalie Barlow to Mr, W. R. I Sinnotte,, the. double was broken up, J A)[ jss Heba played lead for T. Lennard j in Fun. on the Bristol and then came the unlucky Mauila engagement. Miss Helen Zimmern thus writes concerning the career and character of Madame Eleonora Duse -Duse's art is not to her merely a means of livelihood. It is a love, an instinct, a part of herself ; and it is just this, and the dread of being unprepared, of not doing justice to herself or to her role, that restricts her repertoire and limits her performances. She studies quickly as far as the actual words are concerned, but spends an immense time and infinite care over the elaboration and arrangement of her work. Lacking almost every personal qualification for the stage ; possessing a voice which is fairly melodius in its middle notes, but apt to grow harsh when raised ; a figure which, though slender and supple, is not distinguished by any beauty of form ; no presence, nothing impos ing ; a complexion dark and sickly, and refusing, except where the exi gencies of the part require it, to add to the illusion by make-up of any kind ; she relies solely upon the charm of her personality and the power of her acting to win her audien:e into sympathy, and win it she does when she so wills. Musgrove's grand opera company opens at Melbourne Princess on October 18th, and during its six weeks' season it will play Faust. II Trovatore, The Bohemian Girl, Carmen, Maritana, Lohengrin, and Tannhauser — all in English, Except the last two they have all been torn to bits here. Thence they come to the Lyceum, re-decorated for the occasion, on Dec. 1st. Mu«grove brings 16 principals — so as to provide a double cast — and two conductors — John Crook and Herr Slapoffski. He also brings six instrumentalists, a new organ, and a number of new instru ments, toned to the low pitch now prevailing on the Continent. At the conclusion of the grand oper* season at both theatres, Nellie Stewart gets her show in comic opera, supported by Emmie Owen from the Savoy, Elsie Cook from Daly's, Joseph Tapley, a new baritone, and two new comedians. A gorgeous panto, will be produced at Christmas with Nellie as principal boy. The names of his grand opera artists, published in this column some time ago, do not pro mise any very high-class vocalism. The Australian benefit matinee at the Alhambra, London, in aid of the widows and orphans of Australians who fell in South Africa, was a great success. The programmes alone — sketched by Percy Spence and Rossi Ashton — brought in £60. Chair woman of the ladies' committee was Pattie Browne, and she was assisted by Mrs. Brown Potter, Mrs. Maes more Morris and Peggy Pryde. Among those who contributed to the programme were : — Little Vickey Delmar, W. G. Knight, Miss Butter cup Fitzgerald, Walter P. Keen (Lance Lenton's brother), Gib Sun (the Australian busliman), Beatrice Griffiths, Muriel Griffiths, Bessie Griffiths, John Gourlay, Rosa Bird, the Bo vis Brothers, Charlotte Hem ming, Johann Kruse, Eva Clements, and D'Arcj Stanfield, Saharet (the | Australian Dancing wonder), Ruth Wallace, G. H. SnazeJIe, Fred. W. Millis, Mdlle. Miranda, Florrie Forde, equestrian sketch by Nat Gould (' Verax') — in which Frank Gerald (as Dick Turpin) introduced the celebrated Australian jumping mare Waipera, supported by the Misses Pelham (two), Montgomery, and Snow ; Messrs. A. E. Greena way, H. Low, Mat Brodie, Robson Paige, J. H. Costello, Irv. Hayman, H. Prince, and Fred. ^ Rolls Maggie Stirling, G. Rossi Ashton, the Permans (Bella, Willis, and Percy), Bertha Rossow, the Dunedin troupe of cyclists, Harry Atkinson, James Norrie, Grace Palotta, and Louis Bradfield. The bill ended with two specialities. The first was a patriotic tableau entitled ' Australia's ^ Tribute to Britannia,' specially written for the occasion by Guy Boothby Jennie Watt-Tanner represented Britannia, Australasia was personated by Pattie Browne, and the following pros, also took part : —Maud Hobson, Maie . Saqui, Laura Lyon-Leith, Decima Moore, Yyvyan Montgomery, Linda Henry, Elinor Molyneux, Laura Barton, Gwen Dallas, Lucy Dene, Violet Ellicot, Lena Flowerdew, Sophie Harris, Amy Horton, Helen Inda, Fanny Liddiard, Violet Law rence, Ida Liston, Queenie Lan caster, Alice Simmons, Sylvia Yarra; Messrs. Cunningham, Fred. Dark, Tom Fitzgzerald, Johnny Gilmour, H. Gribben, D. Glassford, Arthur Hume, L. Luscombe, C. D. Law, Sydney Newton, A. G. Poulton, and Clarence Holt. The other special item was a national song entitled For England, specially written and composed by Fred. W. Millis, and sung by Arthur J. Boyd (the Aus tralian baritone), with full Australian chorus. W. R. Sinnotte has booked Johnny Coleman and the missus — Lottie Lome — for six months at a big salary, with John Fuller for a New Zealand tour. He also booked for three months to Fuller, E. Sivroni, son of Actress Laura. Villiers and Frederic Villiers, the war correspondent, the English comedian and legman ia artist who has recently been running an Opera and Variety Co. through India and Tasmania The Tylers made a big hit with St. John at Brisbane on Saturday. As a postscript to our lpader on the Orange gambling raid, it may be noted that the ruling of the Supreme Court of New South Wales is that the law dealing with the * keeper ' of a gaming house applies to all persons * found ' therein, and that the authority to arrest the former applies equally to the latter. The authority is derived under section 1 of 14 Victoria No. 9, and of section 10 of 39 Victoria No. 28. Thus the police, while wrong in taking out a warrant for the arrest of persons for an offence at the time uncom mitted, were perfectly right in arrest ing the men, and the magistrate who, on the ground that the men should have been summoned and not arrest ed, dismissed the case, acted in utter ignorance of the law on the subject. There is an agent that is always at work for you. You may be asleep, you may have a thousand and one things to look alter ; you may be on a trip to the moon, id matters not, the ' Mlent 8ales man ' ia at work for you all the time. A big business man took ill once, and had to leave business for a period. But when he returned, he found his trade actually on the increase ! The ' Silent Salesman ' had been at work for him too. He had made his arrangements, and it had been where he had lei fc. Your silent friend is an Advertisement. When youV n*leep people are reading your ads., and if these ads. are iu a good medium like Tiib Elector then you are fortunate. 