? DISTRICT IEWS. [FROM ODlt OWN COBItESPONDENTS.J E9isi'5iDiK't»»!i JPoint. April 23. A walk from llingwood to Tubbo. — On Good Friday your reporter sauntered to tho homestead of the Tubbo Estate Co. tin route. li« passed through tlio Uingwood paddocks (Mr. John Lander's). Silvenvooil (Sir. K. Davis's), Woodlands (Mrs.Cumm inys) Alton ivir. xuooias ^ucuiu mm Ilotiley (Mr. James Cattamichs). On all sides he noted tho marvellous effects pro duced by the rain. On parts o£ Llinptvoud. especially on the sandy soil, herbage, notably crow loot, is in riotous growth. At Alton there are very rich patches of btuley-!_'rass. At Silvorwoods the plains are Been at tln-ir bist, and the little garden is a pa.idiso. At Ilonley the green sward is a revelation, and there are MO acres under crop. At Auburn Lodya (Mr. Aubrey O'Neil's) grass and herbage are in plenty and plon^li) nc; is poing on npaco. At Ybraw (Mr. W. L.'War liy's) a grand erop of barley is in vigorous growth. Nearing the station (Tubbo) ring barking is is progress, ami the adjacent ring barked country is in biilliant from. It is, however, at the upper aud lower horscpad . ducks, near the Tubbo homestead, that the crime, de la crcme ofj the verdure is to be sien. There the carpet of barley-grass re vives the best traditions of the run, and is not surpassed in any part of tlie district. Disappearance of tlio ' llurruinbiilgee Whaler'. The ancient tramp of the river is well-nigh as extinct as the dodo. He sur vives only iu a few sorry proxies, whose visits to the Btatious are 'few and far be tween ' Some will rejoice that the old peripatetist is ceasing from the land : for was he not an inveterate cadger? more will will regret that a picturesque figure, once so ' racy of the soil,' is silently withering from the scene.' That the ' whaler ' will live, .for mauy a lung year in the ballatls-of the bush, in cartoon, in tradition and in song,, goes without sa;. ing ; for is not the old chap an Australian institution, a creature Sue. Qenerii, a factor in the national history, and above all, a liuk between the old order and the new ? Mvsterioua midnight rappings at the llisson. — 'Warangesda (Home of Mercy) has no ghost, and not wish to conjure up one jnevcr theless, certain inexplicable nocturnal noises are beard in the old store-room which cer tainly entitle that antique structure to the distinction of being haimte.l. Your cor respondent. can bear audible testimony to this fact, and his testimony is all the more valuable, in that, not having been previously apprised of the matter, he was not predis posed by nervous apprehensions to objectify what might be only a subjective experience, Unquestionably, ou Saturday night there was continuous tap, tap, tap, beard in a certain direction not far away, which tap, tap, tap, has been repeatedly heard by others on whose word the utmost reliance can be place. As a matter of course, tho seeming mystery has been rigorously enquired into, but every attempt at solution has hitherto failed. The darkies have no hand in the affair, for they are a timid, superstitions race frigtened at the dark and sum up the situa tion as ' Bugg'-en,' i.e., handiwork of tht; ' debbil debbit.' Concert and Ball at Whitton. — Your cor respondent, not being ubiquitous, wasausent from this combined function on Monday 5 night last ; but a gentleman informs him j that the affair scored a geninne success. — . -3 one item of the musical programme, the sing mg of ' Tho Absent-minded Beggar ' by ; Mi s Wardy of l?illenbah, resulting in the sum of 23s beiug addid to the Patriotic Fund. I [QEasler at the Point {Presbyterian Church. \- S — In spite of the rain of the previous i.ight 4 the sodden condition of the road, and the j j picrciug cold of the morning, a fairly reprc [ ' beiilative congregation assembled at the f.'.vj Point Church to celebrate tho retuin of t ] Easter-tide. Mr. If. li. Giassick, locum f | linens for the Piev D. II. I'arnct. B., A., was j:-- rA the preacher on the occasion, and. his address [. ? ;s both seasonable and salutary, was bas.d on | the simple, stirring words, lie is risen. } Projected sports maid of tlio Naran lora :. j Hospital. — Queen's Birthday has ba^n fixed ;s 4 upou as the fit and proper occasion to make 5 holiday-sport for the benefit of. this most | worthy object. Wp will not open the ques j tion of congruity between means and eud — that is simply a matter of last and opinion. -;???«! IV e have elected is this age, to donate per j medium of pleasure. We can only hope j tint a most desirable end will be reached by i :i j the means at command and that one and all will be able aud willing to' i' pay, pay, pay,' ' 5 his mite to tho coffers of a worthy institu tion. . -i Thanks I Your humblo scribe confess his ? ?! nkli.mti.ma t/» tho Wtlilx.'a ..f tho f..» ] most readable and admirable resume's of the ? j South African campain. It appears to be :: '-s tho Editor's forte to review a, situation ; to :i marshal fact in impressive array; to point \- i the lessons of the struggle, and to do all in a . vi spirit of fairness and charity. This is no 3 empty compliment ; simply the tribute of a r - 3 beneficiaire to a literary benefactore whose, j style suit him, because it is accented with ' the accents of conviction. 