GOULBURN GHOSTS. A BRUTAL SENTENCE. TWO MONTHS FOIC A FREAK. At Goulburn Police Court on Saturday, February 17, before tho P.M. and Mr. Belcher, J.P., James Brown was charged with maliciously damaging a door in the Goulburn Gaol to the extent of 15s. Accused said that he wrote his name on 'g the door with the point ol a noodle. Constable Farr had given evidence of' 3 arrest on Fridiy, and this was read over. ^ Charles McKcnny, warder, deposed that 1 accused was serving a sentence ol six months I and was discharged yesterday morning shortly before seven. Accused was alone in i tho cell. Witness handed in a copy of what '.J was written on the door (iho language was ? of a tilth y character). It would cast I5g to repair tho damage, which was discovered shortly after the prisoner's discharge. - ? To accused : '1 he wnt.ng was on the inside of tire door but would be outs do. when the door was open. It was not possible that ; J any other prisoner could have done tho ? writing at that time in Hie morning. Tho officer in the corridor might not see a iff prisoner doing the writing. -|i William Janied Conuuiglon, officer in iM charge ol tho wing in which was accused's -;-% : ceil, deposed that no other prisoner had vS I been iu the cell recently ; the wriiing was -ll 1 not on the door on the previous day ; tue . words ware scratched on the paint ; he M thought it would cost 10s. to repair tho /CS damage. -jg To accused: Any prisoner could hare - ' M done the wriiing \vh;:i tiu Jo:.r was open, '.g but 1 would havo seen him ; from tho time Jl of accused's discharge until tim writiug was % discovered the p- is.riei'.i were only out of their evils for lib minutes ; it was the duty J| oi Mis ebaners to go round tho colls at that [M time in tho morning ; you were always obedient to my orders. \M Warder Goodman deposed that there was ^ no writing on the dour wjicn h^ locked the prisoner up on the previous evening. . ? Warder Jlarpcr depoaed to discovering rSAj the writing on the door; the writiug was .. vj| all of Lho aamc kind. . Prisonor said ho knew nothing about the - ^ writing othor than his name. -i Prisoner was ordered to pay the amount r $ of the damage, 15s., and wai fined £5, in default of immediate payment, two mouths U in Goulburn Gaol with hard Tiber. Prisoner asked to be sent to i'uiramulta Gaol, but th© . i Beach declined. It wouldappear from the above shockingly . q severe sentence that it is a more heinous offence to scratch, with a needle-point, ft foolish bit of obscenity on a gaol cell-door, ,,S where no ono could possibly he shopkpd by Jj it, and where a rnb of sand-paper atit.7,^Vo ' $ of paint would obliterate it for eve£,';tLL . « is to utter the vilest language in street in the hearing of all ages anHvixeL In Sydney, 40s. or 2i days is a big sentoffqe ?£$ for a 'nabitual' ; in Goulburn, this man, '.7$ only just 1st out to God's «u ishiac, issftnt.y-^ b&hk; for two mouths for a m:ro act of foUy. ^J Sent .back, too, despite his reasonable pro-*$| test, to the somo gaol, where the warden -?^ are dead certain to 44 get even with him, w ^ according to the usual tmditious of their c&l;^pus class. ' : . — — ? v Notes on the transplanting of skin-MdritVa haire havo from time to time appeared0 in-' 4lScierfpe Sittings,' -but coses involving the^; r| grafting of norvos aro loss comtnop. . A man ' who early this year suffered a severe injuty ^ to tjie wrist from -a circular saw- lost senei bility in the band: . Fivq mouths f after,y' . ^ about au inch an-ia. kaif,oi' tho sciatio nerve';/ ^ of a young bloodhound was attached to tlip iyy|j end of the medium nerve, un J a sinuUar ' operation performed upon the nerve running close to the elbow. In three months 6enri- :^IS bility was almost complete throughout thn hand. M 