WOMAN'S PERILS. [Alt. Rights Reserved.] 6M CANNOT credit the terrible . I truth ! It seems like a wild dream.' With : clasped hands j und tear-dimmed ??=? I i eyes. ' a vounjr . \ pirl ejaculated these words, us she stood Razing with a sad and sorrowful look at: a flickorini; fire, the wavering dimes of which threw out strungo weird shadows upon the walls of a largo and handsomoly furnished room. It was a richly-appointed npartment ; flowers not only decoratud Ihe vases, but hung in tray festoons around the walls. Rare and beautiful exotics they wore mostly greenhouse blossoms relieved . by the dark evergreens with which they wore entwined, for it. is a night in January, * .a wild night of frost and snow, and Ihe flowers of rammer have long eince fadod and gone. Very fair and beautiful' was that one girl, standing there like a spirit of the nijjht by the glowing embers of the fire light. A robo of white gouze, falling in transpurunt folds over a rich under- dress of satin, gavo a gossamer grace to her figure which airy drupory alone can impart. A wreath of white roses was bound around her brow, confining the goldou tresses which fell, unshorn and untutored, oven to her waist. What a contrast hor gala dress . . and mournful uttitudo presented. That I floral garland— and those sad, dark, I heavenly blue eyes all swimming in tears. Wistfully the young creature looked at a rich oimolu clock on the mantelshelf, the continuous ticking of which sounded mournful in the solitude. Lost in her sad revorie, the beautiful und lonely girl heard not tho opening of the door behind her — that door that opened so slowly und gently it seemed as though it woie turning on in visible hinges ; and then, ad the clock ticuau in hs monotonous, unceasing regu larity, a young man appeared there upon the threshold of the chamber, his dark eyes glaring with a fixed stare at the unconscious girl before him. . 'Ella.' at length exclaimed the intruder ~ in a low hushod voice, the tones causing C. the voung maid to' start as if with electric 'Qh, Paul, Paul, is ib you ? ' she cried ; and the next moment, regardless of the roses sho was crushing, the beautiful gauze folds she was disordering, she was weoping on hiH shoulder, half enveloped in the folds of his dark heavy travelling cloak, for the young man was habited for » journey. -? ' How pale you are, Paul,' said tho fair girl, no she lod her willing visitor to the fire. ' And i-ow beautiful you are, dear Ella, to-night ; and how like a fairy queen in your . gos8ammer attire ; ' and then, hia voice ringing with a bitter mocking, he added : ' And they have dressed you thus so 1 1mb you might appear still more attrac tive in tho eyes of . the villain and roue, Stainforth ! ' 'Yes, dear Paul, far, though 'tis my. natal day, 1 did not wish to bo dressed for my birthday ball— aware that you were to be driven forth ; but our cruel uncle was inexorable; and I was obliged to submib. Ho \roald have it.so.' Theyoung girl here, her fine eyes flashing, plucking the wreath of roses from the meshes of her wavy gbldon hair, cosb them at her feet. - ' My bunisbment'is hard to bear, Ella, when I remember, too, that it has been brought about by the scoundrel, Fred Stainforth.' \- ' And to that man my undo has pro mised my hand I But I will never become hi3 bride, dear Paul. Far better death in the lake thap a union with Captain Stain forth.-' Thero was a fierce, wild light in the blun eyes of the poor girl, as, clinging ehudder ingly to the stulwart youth beside hor, she moaned in the extremity of her despair. ' Why talk of death, dear Ella ? Why not fly with me this night — this hour ? ' Any reply slie might have made to her lover wus now frozen on the lips of the un happy girl by a loud mocking laugh that echoed through tho chamber, at the half open door of which stood a tall, handsome man of middle uge, whose eyes, like those of a hawk, glistened and flushed as he gazed upon the young couple before him. ' ' '' The part of eaveedroppor well becomes you, Captain Stainforth, but I defy you now ' as J. did a weeic ago, ana nore, oetore my cousin Ella, stigmatise you as a scoundrel and a coward.' 'Your words of rape and scorn have little weight with me, 'Caul Lomax ; I should, be indeed a fool were I to note the ravings and insults of a beggar and an out cast ; and for you. Miss Ella, I would advise inBtanb retirement to your chamber whilsb I conduct) your cousin out of the house.' Vouchsafing no reply to this insolent speech, the lofor, snatching a kiss from the lips of his weepitig cousin, with a haughty defiant stare at tho sardonic looking cap tain, strode from the apartment ; the poor girl, with dazed, wild, distrait expression upon her, feutures, gliding puat the trium phant Stainforth' ; her white, silverylook ing robes fluttering liko the wioga of a Bnowy bird as she disappeared ' from tho chamber, leaving the cause of her grief and despair ulone. .. Half-nn-huur after this incident, wropped in the voluminous folds of un Inverness capo, the successful cluimtuit for the hund of the lovely Ella Thornton, stealing cautious!} from Ellersley Grange, and pass ing unpercoived through the lodgo gates, made his way along an avenuo of pine* and, from thence branching off through the wooded precints of the old manor houeo, came to a halt as ho gained a little ruetio bridge t hut extended across a small hike, now a glistening maun of steely-blue ico. Tho moon, shining brightly, cast a luminous gluie upon palrk and woodland, its.ruys throwing in a lengthened shud. w upon the ice, the tall muffled form of a female standing, in tho centre uf the rustic bridge, and who, at the appearance of the man, with a little laugh, hurried forward to meet him. ' Busta. It is well you've como, Capi taino, forthou iwtmy rom (husband) whilst, bueno ! I am your romi (wife).' Another mocking insolent laui'h hero escaped tho mouth of the sti anger, who, throwing usido her veil, revealed the dark, hurijeomo features and glUlening nibs of a Biecayun ; a bold, haughty, lovely looking woman, bub with a diiah of Iho tiger or tho leopard in her largo black eyes. Thero was an audible curso from the mouth of the man of Mars, who piesontly, in a harsh grating voice, exclaimed : ' I huvo met you horo at your desire, Catalina, bub, have a caio ! I havo hither to remitted to you the stipulated sum we ngroed upon when we parted three years ago at Paris. Why thon, have you now insisted upon this interview? and hero, too, near tho houso of old General Stacoy.'' 'Becuusoyou are about to marry the old fellow's nieco, und, because I, your romi (wife) want money.' ' You recoived your quarterly allowanco only lust week,' said the Captain in a thick guttural voice, rendered hoarse with' sup- pi essod rage. ' Per Bacco 1 And suppose I did, Cupi taino, what then ? I require cash, urpontly require it ; und who should a woman cull u pon for money when she wants it if not up on her husband 1 ' ' And if 1 rotuse this fresh Bupply.' ' I shall prevent you from committing a crime, dear Frederick, that's all.' There was hero another little ripple of laughtor from the ruby lips of the Juno-like beauty. ' You will prevent mo committing a crimo, reiterated tne enraged man as he glared viciously, first at his companion and then round tho lonely and silent place of their meeting. ' Beuno ! Bigamy, dear Fred, is a crime, is it not 1 ' ' How much money do you want ? ' ejaculated tho enraged Stainforth, paying no hoed to tho femule's last sneering query. ' Caramba ! I thought we should come to to rm a ; and as you did love mo once, Capitaine, I'll not be hard upon you. Let mo have a thousand pounds to-morrow, and five thousand more the day you marry that little blonde (the old fire-eater, General Stucoy's niece), and I'll trouble you no more.' '?And if 1 urn unable to find this largo sum 1 ' '' You must find it, Oapitaine,' ' Or else ? ' 11 You'll lose the little blonde and her fortune. Buh ! I've been too considerate, too moderate. I've not asked half enough.' . 'You've asked more than you'll get from me, you gipsy jade, ' said the Captain, fairly now beside himself with rage. ' Oh 1 Carajo ! That's it, is it t Bouno! I yo.u defy me. Gipsy, am I ? Well, I am I gipsy enough to tell you your fortune, Cap tain Frederick Lascelles Stuinforth. If you are not verv soon hanged you will die in ' prison. I huve got those forged bills of De ' Castro., and I huve bub to suy the word ! wlien the law will be on your track. Per Bacco ! whut do you say to that 1 ' There wus no reply given to this speech ; a wild, shrill scream presently, however, echoing in the frosty air, accompanied by the splintering crash of broken ice as a human form hurled over the bridge, with a horrid, harsh, grnting noise, sunk into the frozen waters of the lake. ' Wildly the wintry wind howled through the wood of Ellersley Grange, as, branded with the mark of Cain, Captain Stainforth like a hunted hare, dashed through the copse after leaving the frozen waters into which ho had so remorsolesly thrown his unhappy victim. The moon, hidden now by the masses of cloud, all was dark, glim, and drear ; feathery flakes of snow presently falling around the »s8as3in as he sped wildly on in ruge and terror, having lost the path. Tho leafless trees, like giant spectres stretched oub their broad brancheH traunb and weird, or, waving in the blast, seemed beckoning to that crouched bent form as it hurried on like a vile and evil spirit of the night. Tearing and plunging recklessly on, tho man of evil passions, as ho became more involved in tho deep recesses of the woods, grow dismayed and appalled. A paroxysm of supernal ural horror now seized upon him as he entered a glade or avenue lined with treos, thick furs, and undergrowth. Total darkness, deep, bluck, and denso, now enveloped the murderer ; the trunks of the trees now and again looming out as a break ocuurred in the snow-ladon branohes above, that, interweaving, formed a kind of frume on which the descending snow rested like an awning. The ghastly cry of the owl, ' tuwhittu who,' followed by the renewed shrieking of tho wind, at length caused the assassin to come to a halt. Punting und exhausted from his mad Bight, ho now, resting againsb tho trunk oi a pollard oak, glured round half demented by fear, rugo, und horror ; for, the darkness now less opaque, bo fancied thab in the gloom ho perceived a shadowy form hovering among the brush wood, and closely following in his wake. With a group und a deep- breathed impre cation at this suspicion that a something was tracking his footsteps, he once more dashed wildly on, only some four hours after tliat mooting with his luckless victim by the lake, guining and enbering, unseen, the hall of Ellersley. It was at a late hour of tho. morning on the succeeding day thab, pale, liuegard, and ill ho presented himself to tho General's ?niece us she was sitting disconsolate und ulono in tho library. Received with a chilling hauteur and fear combined, Coptnin Stuinforth, affecting not to percoive the coldness of Ilia reception, exclaimed : ' I have just loft your uncle. Miss Ella ; he is far from well, and liana strange fancy that our nuptials should take place without delay, suggesting u special license for the purpose.' Thoro was a half-defiunt, exultant tone in the voice of the claimant for her hand that roused a rebsl spirit in the boaoin of the young girl, who, with clonched bunds and fuco 'of marblo, starting up and pointing to the whirling snow, that in fantastic eddiott Sew by the casement without, ex claimed : ' By some dread means you have (rained an ascendency over my uncle, and have moulded him bo your wibhee ; he, so fierce and debermined, gives way to you in all things. By some fell ugoncy you 'laY° be como bis master. You woti upon him to turn my hapless cousin Paul from the roof thut Iiub sheltered him from boyhood ; you have now extorted from him a consent to our instant union. But know, Captain Slainforth, I would sooner this hour prefer the alternative of a winding sheet of snow than bocomo your wife.' A dark evil look gothorod over the features of tho rejected suitor, and, in a l.ftrsh, grating voice, ho exclaimod : ' You have defied me ! You would pre fer death rather than become my bride ! Well, wo shall sec, Ellu Thornton. Per haps, mud girl, you may alter your deois ion u mnnlli hence ; there are various ways of turning a spirit such an yours. I leave you now. Mrs llnrper, your uncle's most trusted servant, will conduct you presently to your chamber. and whilst in your present obstinate und defiant mood you will not be allowed to leave the house.' With a eurdonic smile, tho man of evil passions was turning to quit tho room, when he started buck with u cry of fury. 'A word with you, Cap'.ain Stainforth !' ' Puul Lomax, bog|»ar and outcast 1 what means this return to your uncle's home? lam master here now. and if you do not in3tontly get hence, you shall be hunted oH by tho hounds.' ' Not so faHt, Captain Frederick Stain forth ; I am not alone.' 'Not alone !'._. In a husky kind of whisper, these words were reiterated by tho captain, asstandingin tho corridor without, he caught sight of another figure, that, tall and erect, and shrouded in a black mantle, was stationed behind tho smiling and defiant Paul. 'I am not alono, Captain. I have a lady with me.' ' A lady ! ' a livid pallor now stolo over tho faco of the startled villain, who, as that shrouded form glided into the library, step by step drew back until, gaining tho casement, his further steps were arrested. 'You don't look well, Capitaine. Per bacco ! You gaze upon your poor wife as though you took her for a ghost.'' 'Catalina! God of Heaven,! Catalina!' gasped the wretched man, who now in wild horror, throwing up his arms, with a shriek of maniac fury, hurled himself through the casement. Thcie was a crash of splintered wood und broken glass ; and then, upon tho affrighted group glancing without, I hey beheld the body of the suicide a huddled-up heap upon the stone court-yard below. Upon descending into tho grounds, the wretched Stuinforth was found to be quite dead ; besides cither injuries his neck being broken. Catalina, his wife, rescued from the frozen lake tne night before, by Paul, remained for many months at bhe Grange, assisting at the marriage of Paul Lomax with his loved cousin, Ella. Tho old man, their uncle, by every means in his power striving to make up for. his harshness in tho past, when his lovely niece was persecuted and suffering a Woman's Perils. 