BeoTembrance of Cbrist. Bx Late Rev. G. H. SrunOEON. ,fThis do in remcmbranee of Mo." — I Cor. xi. 24. First of ail, we shall speak of. the \- glorious and pre cious object of me mory.— "This do in remembrance" of Mo." It is a Person whoso por trait I would frame in gold, and hang up in the stateroppi of tho soul. I Would ' have you earnest studepts of all the deeds of the conquering Mes siah. I would have you conversant with the life of our Beloved. But. oh. forget not His person ; for the text says, "This do in remembrance of Me." It is Christ's glorious person which ought to be the object of our remembrance. It is His image which should be enshrined in every temple of the Holy Ghost. But some will say, " How can wo remember Christ's per son, when we never saw it? We cannot tell what was the peculiar form of His visage; we believe His countenance to be fairer .than tliat of any other man — al though through grief and suffering more marred — but since we did not see it, wo- cannot remember it. Wo never saw His feet as they trod the journeys of His mercy; we never beheld His hands as He stretched them ont full of loving kindness ; we cannot remember the wondrous intona tion of Hib language, "whe'ii in ipore than seraphic "eloquence He awed the multitude, and chained their cars to Him ; wo can not picture tbe sweet smile tbat ever hung on His lips, nor that awful frown with which , Ho dealt out anathemas against tlie Phari sees ; we cannot remember Him in His suf ferings and agonies, fnr we never saw Him." Well, beloved, I suppose it is true that you cannot remember the .visible ap pearance, for you were -not then born; but do you not know that even the apostle said, though he had known Clirist after the flesh, yet, thenceforth, after the flesh he would know Christ no more? The na tural appearance, - the race, the descent, the poverty, the humble garb, . were no-: thing in the apostleis estimation of his glorified Lord. And thus, though you do not know Him after the flesli, you may know Him after the. spirit; in this manner, you can remember Jesus qs much how as Peter, or Paul, or John, or James,' or any qf those . favoured ones who once trod in His footsteps, walked side by side with Him, or laid their heads upon His bosom. Memory annihilates distance mid over- leapeth- time, and can behold the Lord, though He ho exalted in glory. Ah, let . us spend five minutes in -remembering Jesus. Let us remember Him in His bap tism, when, descending into the waters of Jordan, a voice was heard, saying "This is My beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased." Behold Him coming up drip ping from the stream ! Surely the conscious water must have blushed that it contained, ifo G64.. He, slept, within its waves q .inp r ment, to consecrate ike tomb of baptism,, in which those who are dead in Christ are buried with Him. Let us remember Him-' in the wilderness, whither He went straight' from His immersion. . Oh, I have often thought of that scene in "the desert, when Christ, weary and way-worn; sat liiat down, perhaps upon tho gnarled rents of soma old tree. ' Forty days had He fitsied, He was an hungered, ' when in ' tbe e»- tremity of His weakness ' there came the evil spirit. Perhaps he hod veiled bis demon royalty in the form of'oome aged pilgrim, and, taking up a stone, . said, "Way-worn Pilgrim, if Thou be the Son of God, command this stone to be made bread." Methinks I see him, with his unn- ning smile and his malicious leer, as he held the stone, and said, " If'Trblasphe- mous " if" — " If Thou be the Son of God, command that this stone shall become a meal for mo and Thee, for both of ns arc hungry, and it. will ho an act of mercy; Thou cqnst do it eqsily ; . speak the word, and it shall be like the bread of heaven ; we will feed upon it, and Thou mid I Will be friends for ever." But Jesns said — and oh, how sweetly did He say it-— "Man shall nob live by bread alone." Oh, how wonderfully did Christ fight tho temp ter ! Never was there such a battle ' as that. It was a duel foot to' foot— a single- hand combat — when the champion lion of the pit and the mighty lion of the' tribe of Judah fought together. Splendid' right 1 Angels stood around, to gaze upon tbe spec tacle, just as men of old did sit to ' see the tournament of noted warriors. There Satan gathered up his strength;' here Apollyon concentrated all his ' satanic power, that in his giant wrpstle he might overthrow tho Seed of the woman. But Jesus was more than a match for Him ; in tho wrestling' He gavo 'liim a deadly fall, and came off more than a conqueror, Lamb of Godl I will' remember Thy "desert strivings when next I combat with Satan. When next I fight with 'Diabolus, ' I will look to Him who conquered once for all, and ' broke the dragon's head with "His mighty blows. Further, I beseech 'you re- member. Him in all His/ daily temptations and' hourly trials, in that life- long struggle of His/ through which/ He passed. Op I what a mighty tragedy was the death of Christ! and -His life tool Ushered in with a song, it closed with a shriek. "It is finished." It began in a manger, and ended on a cross; but, oh, the sad interval be tween ! Oh, the black pictures of the per secution, when His friends abhorred Him; when His foes frowned at Him as He passed tho streets; when He heard the hiss of calumny, and was bitten by the foul tooth of envy; when slender said He had a devil and 'was mod ; that He was a drunken man and a ' wine-bibber ; and when His rightcons soul'wa3 vexed with the ways of the wicked. O Son of Godl I must romember Thee; I cannot help re membering Thee, when I think of . those J rears of toil and trouble which Thou didst ivo for my sake. But you know my chosen theme— tho place where I can al ways best remember Christ. It is a spady garden full of olives. Oh, that spot! I would that I had eloquence, that I might take you there. Oh, if the Spirit would but . take us, and set us down hard by the ' mountains of Jerusalem, I wuld say, Sce there, runs the brook of Kedron, which the King Himself did pas3 ; and thero you see the olive trees. Possibly, at tho foot of that olive lay tpe three dis ciples when they slept; and there, ah, there I see drops of blood. Stand here, my soul, a moment; those drops' of blqqd — dost thou behold them?' Mark them ; they are not the blood qf wonnda ; they are, the blood of a Man "whose body was then, unwounded. Oh, my soul, picture Him when he knelt' down in agopy nqd sweat — sweat; because He wrestled: with .God— sweat, because He agonised with His Father. "My Father,, if it be possible, let this cup pass from Me." I will lead you to Pilate's hall, and let .you see Him endure the mockeries of cruel soldiers ; the smiting- of the mailed gloves; tho blows of clenched fists; the spame ; the spjt, ting; the plucking of the hair; the cruel Uuffetings. Oh, can you not picture tlie King of martyrs, stript of His garments, exposed to the gaze of fiend-like men? £jee you. not the crown about His' temples, each thorn acting as a Igpcqt to pierce His head? Mark you nqt IJis laperqtcd shoul ders, and the white hones "starting out from the bleeding flesh ? O Son of Man I I see Thee scourged and flagellated with rods and whips, bow can- 1 nepcefqrwqrd cease to remember Thee? My memory would be more treacherous than Pilate, did it not ever cry, Ecce Homo ("Behold the Man"). Now," finish the scena of woe by a view of Calvary. Think of the pierced hands and bleeding side ; think of the scorching sun, and then the entire dark ness; remember the broiling fever, and the dread thirst ; think of tho death- shriek, "It is finished!" and of the groans that were its prelude. This is the object of memory. Let us never forget Cbrist. I beseech you, for "the love of Jesus, let Him have the chief place in' your memories. Let not the Pearl of great' price be drop ped from/your careless hand into the dark ocean, "of" oblivion.. Now wo will consider the benefits to be deyived froiq a loving remembrance of Christ. Love never says, " Cui bono?" Love hover asks what benefit it will derivo from love Love, from its very nature, is a disinterested thing. It loves for the creature's sake it loves, The Christian needs no argument to make liim love Christ, just as q mother needs no. argument to make her love her child. She .does it because it" is her nature to do so. The new-born creature must love Christ; it cannot help it. ' Oh, who eon resist the matchless channs of Jpsus Christ?— the fairest of ten thousand fairs, the loveliest of ten thousand loves. , Who can refuse to adore the Prince of perfections, the mirror of beauty, the majestic Son of God? Remembrance of . Jesus trill .tend, to give you hope when you are under the burden of your sins. There comes in a poor crea ture. .Look at him! He has neglected himself this lnst month; he looks as if he had hardly eaten his daily Bread. What 'is the matter with you? '"Oh !'! says he,: "I havo been agqin and again lament- iqg ljeqause I fear I can nqver bp' for given ; once I thought I was' good/' but I have been rpadjng the Bible, and I find that my heart' is deceitful and wicked above all things, and desperatqly wipked'; I have ' tried to reform, But the inore I try/ the deeper I sink in the mire; there is certainly no hope for me. I feel that I 'deserve no mercy; it seems to me that God must destroy me, for Ho hqs ,de- ' clared, ' The soul that sinneth, it shall die' ; and die 'I must, for I know I have broken God's law."' Hoiv will you com fort such a .man? What soft words will you utter to give him peace? I know! I will , tell him to remember Christ. I will tell him there is One who paid the mighty debt of misery. .Yes, I will tel thee, drunkard, swearer, whatever thou hast heen— I will, tell thee that there is One who for thpe hath made a complete atone ment; if thou only believpst on Him thou art safe for ever. Remember Him, thou poor dying, hopeless orep-ture, and thou Shalt bo made to sing for joy and gladness, See, the/man believes, and in ecstqcy ex claims, "Oh, come all ye that fear God, and I will tell you what He bath done for my soiil." "Tall it unto. sinners, tell, I am, I am out , qf hell-" Hallelujah 1 God hath blotted out my sins. And now here is a sweet command: "This dq in remembrance of Me." To whoiq does tills command apply? "This do ye." It is important' to answer this question: "This do ' yo"— who are inten ded? Ye who put your trnst in Me. "This do ye in remembrance of Me." When I speak of your taking the ordinance of the Lord's Supper,' do not imagine that I wish you for oiie moment to suppose that there is anything saving fo it. " Some say that. the ordinance of Baptism is. non-essential; so is. the ordinance of the Lord's Sapper. It ,1s non-essential if wq look; upon jtin the' light of salvation. Be/saved by, eating a pisee of bfead! Nqnscnse, Bp gavad By, drinking q drop of wine I . WhYi fo . is too absurd : for common ,, sense to _ admit any discussion upon. You know it is the blood of Jesus Christ; it is the merit of His agonies ; it is tho purchase of His suffer ings; it is what Ho did that alone can save us. Venture on Him; venture wholly, and then you are saved. Hearcst thou, poor convinced simier, the way of salva tion? If I ever meet thee in the next world, thou miglitest, perhaps, say to me, "I spent one evening, sir, in hearing you, and you never fold me the way to heaven." Well, thou shalt hear it. Believe on foe Lord Jesus Christ, trust in His name, find refuge . in His Cross, rely upon His Spirit, trust in His righteousness, and thou art saved beyond the' vengeance pf the lqw or the power of ljejl. 