hysterics of eJrimi:. /In 1SS0 «i woman's body was tils- £6vcred in a collar, mulct, the pavement, jof a Hue mansion in Harlcy-stivtM. The fbutlor of the family in cleaning out the ktellar canm upon a rash, and within that cask lie found the body preserved 4H quicklime. which hail been used, no 'tlottbl, with tjie Idea of preserving: it, 'but tint opposite result followed. f TJeeomposition had. however, gone too tfar to make recognition pessiide. and ftliero was never the 'slightest eltie to The identity of i In criminal, «h of that oT the mnrdiMvd jtersou. The woman bail been stabbed to the heart. Noihing whatever was elicited in the house it self. It had been occupied by the same gentleman, lis propriior. an untinpeaeh- ably vespeetable person, for at least 'twenty years, ami he could throw no light whatever upon the mystery. IOvcii where a body has been clearly Identified, and wilhm a space of time, the solution has tint been reaehed. Let us lake some of the less familiar oases as recorded in the criminal his tory of other oouiitrie-s. 'J' hi. vc was tin- murder of "the pretty cigar girl." as she was tailed. Mavy Kogers. of .New York— ihe foundation, diuleed. of Kdgar Allen Poo's famous Btory. "Tite Mystery of Marie Uogol," although lie placed ihe scene of the crjmtf In I'ttrif. Mnry Kogciw /err her 101110 one evening for a walk in Ifolin- teen, oil tin? .iorsey .side ot the Ihulson Hiver, ami was never afterwards so at Alive. Soim» days later her bodv was ifotiml tioaiiiig in North River; she laid been strangled by her own lace Helm. Hy-nml-by the traces of a liorec and iiiorial struggle were found ill a neigh bouring wood, and in due course several arrests were made, all of men supposed to have been despera tidy in love wait Mary Kugers. Kvery one was able. Ibmvever. to establish his limocenec. al- 'though one. by named I'ayn. •subse quently eoinnilited suicide near where the crime was perpetrated. This mysterious murder agitated the whole ol the I'niied Stales to an extent unparalleled, except by the murders of Presidents Lincoln ami Garfield, and no >VMlaiaetory clue was ever obtained. (Not. long ago. at the death of the to- Imceo merchant who had been Alary Rogers's employer, ami who us yeans , fussed had become a very wcaithv man. certain facts wire said to have come oui. which in a measure implicated him with the crime: but these do Hot seem to have been more than a vague story of his being hauiiici! on Ids deathbed Hi Paris by the ghost of the murdered girl. Other eases of a similar kind have occurred in the I'nited States. There was ihe murder of Sarah Gnr- nell, who was at first thought to have bunged herself, then said to have I killed h.v a Methodist minister : but he was acquit ted. and the deed, now proved io he one of violence, was al ways a mystery. So was that iff the girl iished up from the bottom of Manhattan well, in the days when New York was a small place; but t.tie murderer who had first stran gled. then thrown, Gniielnm Sands dowtl the Well was never discovered. — (From " (.kisseliv Family .Magazine" for (April 