HIS OWN ACCUSES. CHAPTER IL (Continued). BY HOUGHTON TOWNLEY, AUTHOR OF “DAZZLED.” When the morning sun was wed la borer on hia way 10 work found the dead body of Edgar Childe shot in the head. The news spread like wildfire, and all those who liau seen iuin the rugiit before marvelled, while all sorts of rumors went tiymg about Pud rose from bed at eight o’clock in the monimg at the call of his housekeeper os though nothing had happened- H,* went about the house and,the garden the ghost of his former seif, striving to keep up an: appearance of naturalness and innocence. But before the day was over he realised the hopelessness of his jKwition, and prepared himself for the worst. In the evening of that day ho received a subpoena to appear at the inquest in the morning. Be felt it was his death war rant, ' After a sleepless night, he arrayed him self in black, and, walking likejfne in a trance, mode his way to the‘stag Inn, where the coroner and ins jury were assem bled. • His face was blanched to a deathly hue, and as he approached, the knot of idlers outside the mn made way for him respect fully, Some touched their hats, others whispered together. Like a man moving to the . scaffold, ho entered the court- room, speaking to no body, appearing not to nouco Jus friends, many or whom were assembled there, and seated himself in a chair at the far end of the room. Everyone respected his grief, and ho was left alone. ' Presently Dr. Chester enters, and lean ing on his arm h> his daughter Pauline.. Sho is of medium, height, ‘with the face of ah angel, a clear white skin, lustruous, thought ful eyes ,and a litlisomcstop, ‘she is very grave and pale to-day, and there is no sign of the bewitching smile and the rippling laugh that lingered so long in the!memory of tho love-sick swain who came under the spell of her beauty. Phil staggers to his feet. The color comes and goes in his lips. She advances to him, and takes his cold hand. “Olu Phil, tliis is dreadful—dreadful Tears dll her eyes as he sees the awful agony >n his face. He sinks back again, in his chair. ‘hi over mind, Phil, she whispers, pressing his listless liand in hers; "you have lost him, flut you have still, got me.' 1 “Sho does not know yet, he thinks, and sits bowed down, silent and resigned for the coming denouement. “The blow has not fallen yet If she could only be 'spared. How could he get her out of the court?’’ The jury are dropping in one by one and the coroner has arrived. Ho holds a short consultation in whispers with liis officer, and seeing Pliil (whom ho knows) looking so terribly dejected, and the cynosure of all eves, goes over and speaks'to him in an undertone. “I hope you are not upset by the idle gos sip that is going about,” ho says ; “there is no cause for anxiety. 'My officer tells me that the case is very plam and simple, and there is a very clear solution of the whole sad business.” His cheerful tone raises a famt look of j surprise. The court is assembled, and the hideous inquisition begins. Plot's hands clench ; there is fight left »n him yet. Ho deter mines to say no more than ho can help. Pauline watches the working of his face, and hears nothing of the proceedings- . Her tears flow freely in sympathy as she watches her lover’s agony. “How he must have loved Eddie,” sho thinks. “Gan Ido nothing to soften his grief? Does ho love me like that, I won der?” Phil’s heart' is throbbing and his brain reeling. He dimly realises that witnesses are being called to give evidence of identi fication, and he hears the grating voice of Stephen Markham say that he is there to re present the family of the deceased, instruc ted by telegram from America, where the deceased’s parents are travelling. A farm laborer gives evidence of the find ing of the body; also an inspector of police. Then tho landlord of the “Stag” comes for ward and says that he last saw the deceased leaving the inn in company with Mr. Phil Raynor; “taking Mr. Pliil, home, sir,” ex plained the innkeeper, “How do you mean ‘taking him home?’” asked tho coroner, “Well, sir, Mr. Phil was a little the worse for liquor.” AH eyes were turned to Pliil. Ho looked down on the ground and did not see them, but he could feel them like so many hot coals glowing around him. “The occasion was an unusual one, I be lieve ?” said the coroner ; “there had been a good deal of champagne drunk, had there not, and much merriment?” “Yes, sir.” r “Was the deceased, in your opinion, sober himself?” “Yes, sir, quite sober. I noticed par ticularly that, though lm_ usually takes a good deal, he hardly drank anything at all; but he was very noisy and excited, sir.” “Thank you, that will do.” “May I ask the witness a question ?” said Stephen Markham in his dryest tone. “Was there anything during the evening like an altercation, or any sign of ill-feeling be tween Mr. Raynor and the deceased?”. A murmur ran round the court. “Nothing that I saw, sir.” Markham repeated the question in an ag-; gicssive manner, but tho coroner quickly silenced him by reminding him that the question had already been answered. Pliil felt ilie first blow had been struck, and ;by his own agent, his servant, his lawyer, Stephen Markliam. and it rankled. His blood tingled, and he again resolved, to make a fight for his life. He heard his name called, and all eyes were turned upon him. Rising to his feet, ho advanced to the end of the long table opposite the coroner. The Book <?ns pre sented to him, end he took the oath. p The ground aeepied to sink beneath his foet, the room to become -mist before his eyes; but among all the faces there he only saw one, the pallid, haggard face of Stephen Markliam. whose malignant eyes v ore fixed upon him as though trying to read his very soul. Tho coroner, pitving his embarrassment, put to him a series of questions. “You wore at- the dinner mentioned by previous witnesses?” “Yes.” “TKb deceased was your" frientb—your greatest friend, I believe?'’ “Yes.” ♦ “You had been drinkim? freely—wore in toxicated, in fact ?” r • ’ ( , “Yes, for the first time in my life,” said tho hollow voice of Phil. Paulino’s face P.Ufl.cd crimson, and she bowed her head. Dr. Cliester shifted uneasily in his seat’ “But- you - doubtless remember all that occurred ?” “^bclicvoso.” “Tho deceased saw you home?" Wes.” ' “Where did he leave you ” “At tho lodge gate.” The lie came out with an effort it Stuck in his throat. The Book upon which he had been sworn was on the edge of the *■ iblo, and his hand resting upon it But he was lying _ for his life, “Did ho seem in his usuar spirits?” “I believe so.” Phil raised Ins hand to his forehead and swayed unsteadily, as though about to fall.: “That will do, thank you.” Stephen Markham rose, to his feet again. “If you have any questions to ask the wit ness,” said the coroner, sharply, “he, can 1 be recalled after-the evidence of the next witness. Mr*. Raynor is buffering under considerable emotion. Let him sit down, awhile. Truly ho was suffering. Ho would surely havo failen but for fho helping hand of a juryman who guided him to a ohiair, Paul ine’s face reflected his suffering, and her heart bled for her lover. > ; • “Inspector Grant, you have.. a pocket diary found upon the deceased, I believe?’ The inspector stepped to the table. : “Will you kindly hand it to me? This diary, gentlemen,” explained the coronor, “certains' I »thirk, the solution of the while business, ~ I will read the entries , brlv which refer to this sad case, and leave you to own conclusion.” - *" : : .'.-ilo slowly "tqimeji .over the leaves of . the Httlc took ho hchi m bis hand. ‘T will read the first entry which appears to bear on this case,” he said, and com-, p;<nccd in a low, reverent voice to. read the wt rds of th o dead. .! “ 'September 12. \- “'To-day I Tcceivxjd a tcnrthio' blow. My life is at an end, foe Phil tells mo he has asked Pauline, to be lus wife, and she hafc’atri' copied him. The “Rose of' Llohostcr'"' is not for »u& What is there for'me to do' but to pilt an end to my miserable life?' ” t- 1 Paulino gave a little gasp of astonish- and a murmur ran round the robm; * “‘September 13. “ T think I‘shall shoot myself; A broken heart isn't like a broken head. X cau en dure a good deal, but lam bard hit. :If x had a gun hero I'd do it now.. Can Igo to the dinner to-morrow and pub a brave; met upon it? I ImOw Phil is not t|io change able man I am; ho will make her happier than I, but 7—" ■ ' . v • “Hero the entry breaks c off,’ r said the coroner. -■, “'September 14/ ‘ 'l’ll go to the dinner and wish them joy,, and. then I think tho'heist tlung 1 can do is to drink myself blind drunk and shoot mv self,’ - ‘ 'v ' . * “There is no, entry after that, gentlemen,’' added tho coroner. A general sigh of relief and suppressed' whispering followed this sudden change in the complexion of tho whole business, and attention was again directed to Phil. Ho did not sec hia chance of escape, nor did he realise the importance of what had been read. He knqw Eddie's temperament,- and they did not. He kiiew very well that Eddie was the sort of fellow to make entries like that in his diary after losing his lastTiver on a racehorse. He had heard’ him threaten to shoot himself in almost these very words because the weather was had and he couldn't go hunting. It was his ordinary exaggerated vernacu lar. Ho was a youth of variable mood, ins spirits up one minute and down the nest. Phil himself never for a moment credited the theory of suicide, though it was at once fully accepted by everybody. Paulino buried her face in her hands, and the sound of her sobs silenced the hubbub in court, and ad ded to Phil’s, sufferings till he could almost have shrieked, aloud, “I—l am the mur derer ’’’ but he sat still like one stunned. ■ Dr. Chester, who was much moved by his daughter’s grief, gave his medical evidence laboring under strong emotion, , Tho coro ner cut it as short as possible, and there re mained nothing but the verdict of the jury. A lot of talking and whispering and ask ing of questions, and passing to and fro of blue papers and the pocket diary for a few minutes. And then one man stood up and spoke to the coroner a few wordj, and Phil realised that the proceedings were over, the jury having decided unanimously that Edgar Wilde had committed suicide whilst in a state of unsound mind, and that Mr. Phil Raynor left tho 'court without a stain upon hia character. The words cut into his heart like knives. Ho stood up as if about to speak. But his last chance of unburdening his conscience was gone. Ho was hustled to and fro in the breaking up of tho court; a few friends crowded round him and shook him by the hand’; Pauline slipped bers into his and spoko to him, but ho did not hear alio said. At lost he managed to say that ho wished to be completely alone ; and, respect ing what seemed to Dr. Chester his great grief, Paulino was drawn away by Tier father, and Phil left to himself. Stunned and trembling, he'turned ,to leave the place, but at the door he was met by Stephen Markham, who extended his hand with a sneering smile. Phil took it mechanically. It was as cold as his own. “Allow me, Mr, Raynor, to congratulate you on your narrow escape,” said Mark ham, with an emphasis upon tho lost words that was full of meaning. Phil'looked into the snake-like eyes of the man who from that moment bo know to be- his master. The man hod read tho j truth, and knew his secret- Better for Phil would it hare been to have unburdened- his soul then better, for Pauline, for Stephen Markham had his own game to play. I Outside the inn an immense concourse of ; people had All sorts of rumors had been living about. It had been freeiy circulated that Mr. Phil. Raynor, the hew Squii(* of Chesfield, had murdered his friend Eddie Wilde; again, that Mr. Wilde had committed suicide; others heard tlmt his death was caused by an accident. Conse quently and great crowd had comb iu from all the country round to obtain reliable- in formation. ‘ v‘ . The result of tho inquest already w.as com municated to them, and the sigh of relief that went up from everybody showed how unwelcome would hove bcim a verdict of wil ful murder against so estimable a young man as Phil Raynor. Few had really credited the rumor. Never theless, tho suspense! had been so great that when Phil, with ashen face and blood shot eyes, emerged from the inn, the crowd, despite the solemnity of the occasion, sent up a great- cheer. Only one half-suppressed cheer, for the voices were stilled by toe sight of rite grief-stricken ybuth. Pliil stared guiltily at the greeting. The innumerable eyes in that unexpected crowd of faces seemed to scorch him. He longed to turn back and hide himself. But many of the, young men in the; front of the crowd njere his friends, and they hurried up to him and shook him heartily by the baud. “Bravo Phil!” cried tho first one to grasp his hand. “We know it was all an infernal lie.” ■ - .: “Left the court without a stain on his character,” said another. “So } r ou have, Phil! m> you havte!” cried half a dozen others. “The idea of anyone suspecting you of shooting Eddie Wilde! Preposterous!” The crowd ih tho road, dicing the young' man on the steps of the inn congratulated by at least a dozen friends, all doing their best to shake his arms off, were anxious *b express their sense of apology due to him. It took the form of a buzz of conversation, and a loud murmur of indignation against the persons who had circulated the infamous report. They were as ready to honor him. now as they would have betn to revile him had ho emerged from the inn in custody *of the police as some had expected. "Left the court without a stain on liis character.” The sentence went rapidly from, mouth to mouth. Phil heard it, and it stung him like a lash. ■‘Conte a>iy out of this. Como inside and have something to drink, you’re upset,” said a voice at Iris elbow. Ho felt the. hand of Stephen i bark hem placed upon his arm, and like a child allowed himself to ho drawn inside out of tho sight of the crowd Mark ham motioned back the friends who were about to follow. “This is not a merry-making, gentlemen,” hb snapped out. ‘‘There Is a dead body up stairs,” ' Had 'Phil remained there another moment he would have been goaded to madness— would have struck aside his effusive friends and shriekbd to the 'crowd, "“It is true! it is true! It was I who murdered Eddie Wilde ! Revile me; tear me to pieefes; .take me away!”. - .....v . But the voice of Stephen Markham brought bock his senses lijkb cold water dashed in his' face. / ? ■ V “Take something strong to drink,” said Markham, as soon as they were alone.; “in Another moment you would havfc said some thing and committed yourself.” “What- do you-mean?” stammered' “You know what I mead. Here, have some brandy, and gpi' out by the back way and go home. Here, drink !” Phil took the proffered glass with shaking hand. The man’s eyes were upon him,'and Ite dared not look up. He drank the loandy in gulps, and handed back the glass. ■ “Let mo go!” he gasped. ,/ . “I should say that was the best thing you could do. Come the back way out, tlirough the stables.” Tltere wa® no emotion in the man’s vcico, only a cold-blooded calmness. Phil followed unsteadily, like a panic stricken criminal flying from torture, rather than as a man avoiding his friends. At tlie yard gate Markham offered his cold,. bony hand. . . “Good-day ; get homo and—think. I shall call bn you tp-morro\r morning, as al ready arranged, to hand over to you tho title deeds and an account of my stewardship of your new estate. I presurao.now-.you will reconsider your decision to deprive me of my post of agent mid steward?/. “I—l nevSr said I intended—— ’ (To be continued).' 