Little Tilings Worth Knowing. The Resolute, — The history of this Arotio exploring ship is an interesting ono. She was in Sir Edward Bololior's expedition which sailed from England on April 15, 1852. Abandoned in tho ico in August of tho samo year, she was found adrift on tho high seas a few wookB later by Capt. Buddington, of tho American whaling ship Goorgo Henry. The British Government having relinquished all claim to the Resolute, nho was purohaaod by Congress for tho sum of 40,000 dollars, and aont as a- present to Qnoon Viofcoria, Capt, Hartatein, of the United States Navy, made tho formal presentation on December 16, 1856. Rbpkntancb TowEn, — Near Boolofechan, Scotland, is a monument bearing tho inscrip tion ' Repentance' OVOr the. door, with a aorpont on ono sido and a dovo on tho other. This monument has n, singular ? history. According to accounts, i(; was bnilt by a certain Lord Horrios as an aot of ponanoo for having thrown ovorboard a number of prisoners while on a voyage from England, St. JortNS.— In Richmond, Virginia, is tho ohuroh building whore Patriok Honry mado his famous addross, Tho Virginia oonvontion hold its scBsions in St. John's in 1775, nnd it was thoro also that tho convention for ratify ing tho federal constitution aBHcmblod. St, John's has boon connected with many ofchor ovontB of historic intoroBt, It was built beforo tlio revolution. ? Another noted church of tho Bnrao Hamo is that looatod in Olorkon well, London, lu was in tho orypt of this church that tho investigation wuh mado in regard to tho so-called Cook- Lane Ghost, a supposed apparition that was credited with guarding thorogalia in tho Tower, and with frightening tho sentinels out pf tboir wits, -?OoiiD HAJinouB.-i-l'hiB is tho namo of au isolatpd tayorn at n cross-road near tho Ohiokahomtog i'ivor, and a fow miles from Richmond,- Va, It was hero that a short but dooiBivo battle occurred botwoou tho Union and Oonfodorata forces on Juno 8, 1 864, Emma Mjn»,— A groat HonBation was uaiiHed in oommoroial oirolos somo yom-H ajjo by tho snlo of tho Brnms miuo to a stock company, mpst of the Btook boing hold in London, Tbo Emma ifl a rich mino of pronioun oro looatod in tbostfttOiOf Utah, soutb-oaBt of Bulb Lako City,, Gohbmnb.— In W50 Joan Golwlin foundod a oorpofc manufactory in J?ariH, tho output of whioh has become famoim by Ii!b namo, Tho present sitra was purohaHoil by tho wtuto in 1002, S|)Jo»(iid HpoaimcuiH of aarpatH and tapestry aro oxooutod with tho naodlo horo, some of tbo pioonH of work having «()st nt) much oh ififl,000 and ontuiled from Iivo to ton yoar»' labour, In 1871 tho building, loomw and many piocoH of tupiiHtry woro dostroyorl by tho Oommiino, Tho tapostrioH nnd onrpotu that adorn vurioiiB plaooH of, royalty woro iiiiiiiiil'aoturiii'l at (Jobeliim, Tho GoboliiiK woro dyavu, nnd Loui« XIY. puj' phrtuod thoir oiu'poti niaiinl'aolory in 'HJofi, n fow yonm after it wa« i'mnuUm, Tbo pw duotioiiH of tbo Hotol Royal iIoh Qoboliim «ro Bttkl to luivo attained tlio liiglms.li dogroo of pprfoolJon in tlio timo of LouiH1 groat MWwWi Colborl, nnd IiIh mioaoHHO)', LouyoiH, 