OUR PARIS LETTER. Pakis, January 20. South Afbioah Situation. It is tlio gonerul feeling that there is a ohanjjo in tho'South African situation for tho present, though the elements of it cannot be precisely indicated. There is a unity of direction and a precise objective followed. Lord Roberts is accepted as the riirlit man at tho holm. Secrecy and silonoo are tho pre- cautions observed, and more than necessary where so much disloyalty abounds and trickery and deceit nro so rampant. People here aro not so confident that Lord Roberts will set out ut once for Bloemfontein aiid Pretoria, but will dear the Orange Free State and the Transvaal of rebellious Boers, running them into the final stand. The harassing and invading tactics of General French and the brilliant colonials, by keeping tlio enemy always moving, oomnionoe to bear good fruit. Enveloping liim and making contemplated kopjes untenable will linsten tho solution of tlio crisis. Tlio solu tion may bo long, but ull tlio same it will ho favourable to England, is the judgment of tlio beat and most impartial men here. Tlio Boers aro fighting with their last resources, and tlieir great mobility tends to oreate upon outsiders up to tlio present the impression of numbers. Tho British imvo now 183,000 troops at the soat of war, but tho united territories of tho enemy nro more than half tho area of Europe, so very much cavalry will ha needed to patrol selected routes. The regular and irregular cavalry aro daily iiioreasing in numbers. Iu - the calculation of the elemcuts or conditions of the struggle muoli nttention is puid as to the future adhesion of tho Free Staters ; thoy art not at all now so decided or enthusiastic. The trial of tho rebel colonists for treason, with tlio confiscation of their farms and personal imprisonment, will bo a cold dnuehe on tlio conspiracy for throwing tho English into tho sea — for that is now ncccpted us tho aim and calculation of Krugcr ana his gang. Pour in men, horses, and guns — that is held to be now tho first duty for England in South Africa. Fnexcit Excitksusnt. Tlio French are really more excited over tlio war than tho English ; thoy are impationoe itself tiff Krugor, as ono paper has it, " be crowned at Westminster." Every day's delay is u postponement of Englund's decline and fall. Tho nation pants with joy over every lie and iuvenlion published by the reckless Press, nothing is too impossililo for thorn to swallow ; Dtlemla Carlhayo is tlio mut cl'onlrc. Only tho French cannot accomplish tlio work themselves alone, and neither big brother Russia nor itlsiico Germany aro at all in a lturry to embark in the sentimental smashing up. Besides, tlio policy of highway robbery, that France so oponly is preaohiinr, may ho applied to hersolf. It would be easier to agree to and to effect tho dismemberment of Franco, the SnharaDescrt included, than of the BritishEmpire. French feeling means general unrest, and bitter disappointment, that there are other realms and peoples far superior to hor now.. Tho unanimity with which tho colouios rally round Englandjis an important sore point for them, in Britoiu's greatness, und tile patriotic rush of her voluntoers to he enrolled for uotion nnywhore, without the pressure of conscription, "is nlso a factor that sinks into their mind despite them selves. Tho French very well know that after the South African war is closed England will emorge a first-class military Power, and one to bo let alone, like Germany : silo will ror organise her armaments, hnvo quick-firing guns, and " long Toms," mouutod iufautry, iooal irrcgulur cavalry, and everything ready, tho moment any Power challenges her. Then her navy and her foreign fortresses represent so many corps d'armeo. Before a week Aus tralasia would possess Now Caledonia and the Now Hebrides; tho rajah of tho Malay Peninsula, England's protectorate, Und who oould put half a million of soldiers in tho field, would have only to oross tho frontior of Annum and Tonkin to dispose of Indo- Cliina, while a few English militnvy men from India would officer the Siamese, and free them from French anxieties. France ought to have penny handbooks describing tho British Empire. The French are crass ignorance itself on the extent und resources of ncrfide Albion. That is their misfortune, as "it will bo their nemesis. Dn. Lnxns and the Fbbkou. There is no serious solid off of French filibusters. Tho French sciiUywugs have no' means, and Dr. Loyds is rather low in funds. Indeed, when last in Puris ho plainly hinted that corn in Egypt was commencing to get scarce. That damped enthusiasm. Further, us the British forces augment in the Ciipo it will be nioro difficult for amateur belligerents to land. The British fleet is very notive in hitherto unvisited parts of Delugoa Bay, thut lies near the Transvaal. Then she has re ceived so inuny horses and batteries of artil lery that the Boers will have to suspect the kopjes, and feel their master quality, that of mobility, in duiigor. In fnot, they are being fought on their own lines. They cannot etoruully rest iu their hiding holes : they mast oomo into tho Open und leurn fair fighting. Tho English troops are admitted to lie doing tho Bcouting business better. That forms tlio eyes and the ears of an army. JBut to do so implies cavalry.-' Lute Prime Minister Melino's paper, tlio llipiih/ii/m Francahe, that Gambetto in bettor days founded, has a positive dread of England becoming a military Powor with an army of mercenaries. By the conscription Frunuo gathers all kinds of men into lier army trawl uot. If slio did not sho would have no army, as volunteers aro conspicuous by their absence! Russian Mattkhs. Very littlo attention is now given to tho Russians ; the alliance is put up in some nitiseuin pigeon-hole.. Comto do Mouy falls foul of the Czar for not us much as alluding to Franco in his recent Urbi ' ot Oriil rescript. That dissembling of lovo is not liked. How ever, beyond chorusing tlio screeching of tho French triad papers, in her own that repre sents no publio opinion. Russia is of no earthly use to France. Alsaoo is flourishing under German rule, and Fashoda will soon he a fuvuurito health station for European tourists. All the attempts to draw - tho Emperor of Abyssinia to compromise himself awunat Britainiharo failed. That commun-' sense attitude will bo strengthened when he visits the: I960 Exhibition and London. The Rzuhoot op Fbancb. As France requires 16,000,000 francs at least to strengthen weak fortresses and build big battleships, the taxguthcrer groans . and .tho peacemaker moans. The Wonder is as. to tho manner tho money will, ho obtained. That kills tko last ehance of the Muscovite to expect Franco to ever again empty tho old stockings to help hor nlly'S'thin-sided pursos. ; It is tho known peouniury straits of Russia that gives im- portanoo to the rumours 'Of bad relations between Russia and Jupan. In tho places to bo heavily fortified by France, ' Bizerta, in Tunisia, is put down for attention. By treaty, Franoo ia bound not to fortify Bizerta — whioli is not important. HowoVor, England is reported to ho strengthening somo defensive spots, to secure hor Egyptian proteotorato. Placing Lord Charles Boresford in second coni- ni and of tlio Mediterranean fleet is not a bad addition to Britain's strength in that region. The Holiday Season. Except ill tho silk industries, employment was very fair during tho holidays. Farm hands could he more fully employed, hut at tliis season tiioir work is regulated by meteorology. Tho riso in tho priao of coal, ' and tho chronic scarcity of the cotnbustiblo, told in tho miffs and factories. For her mining and metaliurgio wants Franco suffers alwuys from an insufficient coal supply. Though working full time hor colliers cannot meet tho demand for coal. In 1898 there woro 58 labour exchanges in France. Sinco some of these institutions hnvo had to ceaso being political centres of agitation, they now attend to registering applications for labour and securing employment. Indeed there is a tendency to convert them also' into technical schools, and a kind of old mechanics' institute. That is as it ought to ho. Thoy founded lend ing libraries too on thoir own account, whore serious reading only is catered for. Roliof funds exist for aiding artisans travelling in search of employment. Thirty-ono of tho exchanges have rcooivod donations from the local municipalities, and the departmental counoils subsidise, to the amount of £816, 21 of tho exchanges. General Mehoieb. The notorious General Meroier, the plotter against Droyfus, has only a fow partisans left, nnd all as deeply dyed in tlio infamous conspiracy as himself. Tho present "War Minister, General de Galiitfet, will never give Merrier any active employment, so that general lias found such for himself. He is cniididate-sciiutor for tho Loire Inforieurc. Iu his address to tho collective constituencies, tho general avows Franco is iu great peril, "is on fire," and tho latter mnst ho ex tinguished. Ho is the fireman to bo trusted. It would not he surprising if lie was elected. First, tho return would uunoy the Govern ment, und that is always deemed u righteous motive for electors who are glad to throw anything at the Cnbiuot. But tho pity of it, Iago. Another of tho anti burning and shining Dreyfus lights is Do Bcaurepaire, whoso role mid ambition to crush tho unfortunate Dreyfus is historical, lie wus canvassing for a legislative representation for tho Do- fiartinent of the Sartho. M. Cavaignac was lis bosom friend in tho heyday of Dreyfusism. He alluded to tlio support of tho ux- War Minister. The latter bluntly repudiated any connection witii him, so tlio ox-judgo of tho Appeal Court is so disgusted with public men that ho has retired from every political association aud public life. Bull Fionrs. A biff is to bo at onoo discussed removing tlio optional power in tho bands of tho pro- foots, to grant permission to huvo regulated bull fights. No such baitiiig will bo ut ail admitted. That already is included in tho penal code, wliioh does not prevent buff fights flourishing in several regions of France. The fact is tho Exccutivo lias nut tho courago to attack the immorality and cruelty. SpiBlTISM. Spiritism, if not too absurd, may eliablo a man to live comfortably. M. Cordier is a rich, retired colonial merchant, who traded largely with Tonkin. He embarked in spiritism for. a pastime, but soon was a victim to the passion. In tbo houso next door to his residonoo resided a bachelor who had learned tlmt Cotdier'S s6ii had been killed hy tlio pirates. The neighbour knocked at the waff, an nounced lio was a spirit, and thut nioncy was necessary to pay for masses to bo cele brated for tho repcjsd of his son's soul. The merchant foil in with tho idea, and as ro- quosted deposited a 100-frane bank-note under tho loft log of tho outside loft chair in tlio side chapel dedicated to. tlio Virgin, in the Church of St. Suipicc. The bleeding was continued for a long time. Ono evening tho son arrived iu tho best of health and spirits ; ho had met with no crossings in his business, nor did ho ever oomo in contact with any pirates. But thoy both regulated tlio account of tlio "spirit." Tho latter was invited to appear in tlio merchant's drawing- room on u near evening, at midnight; lie tapped gently, und wiis awaiting fiis 100 francs, when father und sou armed with stout sticks, belaboured tlio ghost, chased liim downstairs, into tlio street, into tho arms of a policeman. Ho 'was well bruised, but he turned out to ho aii old guoi bird, that the iiutlun'ities had wanted for a long time. Empkess Eugenie. Tho Empress Eugenio is said to ho very nfficcted by the death of hdr lady companion, Madame Le Breton. Her rhenniatism attacks her with much violonoe now. She follows all tlio requirements of hor medicul attendant, and then remains iu private prayer for half an hour. Sho displays a fondness for raising flowers us u means to distract her ennui. Sho has a groat fear thut hor ill ness may end in her being bedridden. The disposal of iter property was all arranged a long timo ago ; the major portion equally between hor two nephews, a goodly souvenir to the Frinccss of Biittcnbcrg, and gifts to old friends. The Exposiiion. Within three months tho i 900 Exhibition is to be opened. The head commissioner, M. Picnrd, is us cool us a cucumber when as suring questioners that everything will be quite ready. But one's eyes aro so in credulous ! If it ho ill apple-pie order hy April 15, that will in itsolf bo u superiority over all other shows. "Will tlio Prince of Wales come to the opening ?" it is asked. 