Short Story. The Spawn of Fortune. (Concluded.) The stranger had started to his foot, Ihls eyes groat find full of lire, 'his liandi clinched above ins head. Whirling round and facing Artluir Brackenbiidge lit* demanded : " Why would you kill yourself ?"' "I have lost. 11 iy fori u no. <nnd " " Wlmf. is .that 7 You talk of cowards! 1 thought ,V'Ui r.iliaai't, you though! yourself so I Ba.li ! why .waste pood jmwdor and ball. You fear 1a live hocause, perchance, yonr circumstances ni:i,v not be quMe so ploatsnnl. as formerly. Sordid coward." " It's not altogether a inn tier of •money," faltered the young man. The stranger kept .his c.vcs fixedupon li'in. " There's a warrant " " T.lien you are a criminal 7" " No, 1 a,in not" " Why Hlhe warrant ?" "My partner thas landed us both In fraudulent bankruptcy " " Are you innocent ?" " Alisolutely." " And you fear 7" " Well, t'here Is as much shame as foa.r " " You are rain as well as a coward." " To be the principal in a criminal trial is no pleasant experience ; at least, so I ga flierfrom the newspapers."' The .heavy man sat down again and gazed at Brackenbridge contemptuously. " Yonng (man, what a craven you won lit have me 'bnlieve you. Your cowardice as so great Wat you are -willing to stamp yourself guilty by selfmurder rather t'liau face your accusers and confound them. On my soul I uiu surprised you ventured out alone to kill younself. I should tare thought you would have implored some one to <wmc with you while you look the leap In the dark. Why were you given youith. strengt'h. 'health, good strong arms and sound .'heart if they were not intended to overcome oUst- iMcs ? Think! would it- not ihe greater far 'to step out before the world and say.'Here. am I, an (honest man ; where are any accusers ?' rather than to lie on the floorof a railway carriage -with a -wreath of powder-smoke for a crown 7" " Yes, but you see, my dear sir, to-day thcre has been a focussing of all that itlinfortuna'te for .me. My whole fortum is gone ; the fact U'hat it has been lost causes tlie police to ' want' me, and thfact that tlie police ' want' me lias 1(>:=' me—well " " Out 'With ft! Lost you wliat 7" Arthur Brackenbridge did not Intcnto say imore. but fhe stranger's con mand'iug -gaze and Imperative questin left him powerless 'fco resist At eve." station (he prayed that some one won I enter the compartment, but tlie Uiide ground is a contrary Dine. No one<1 tu rlied tfliem. " What else 'hare you lost?" demnndithe heavy man ?" " Well, to • out with It* as yon ask the girl to whom II am engaged was." The stranger threw back his 'hen-" and lnirst Into la flood of laughtci Wherein 't'here was no ghost of a trace mirth. Braekeribridge felt Indlgiian at tlhe sarcastic levity of 'his new found cormbatint., but said nothing. "Glii," -Wie iicavy man shouted. " Fine girl, (indeed, that will break her promise bemuse you've lost a pound .She gave you lior word and now tell.- yon to your face 'tli'ait tfhcwill not keep It." "She has not I tell you dheshe " " But you have just tfliis minute said tflie told you to go aibout your business " " I said nobbing of tlhe sort" "Then how know you that you have >ost her 7" ^ Brackenbridge was silent. Left; -us be honest one to the other. 'Answer tme : How knew you 1" " Her guardian, her aunt, told one." "My young friend, take (lie advice of one -who 'has seen, experienced, learned. Have no dealings with a woman through a woman—never. Give me fliat revolver you have (|n your breast pocket" The revolver wnis weakly passod ovor. ".Now we are coming to Karl's- Court Station. Get out; be a man ; walk up to 'tJhe firstpollce.iiva.Ti you meet— 1 or, better etHl, 'hail a hansom, and tell cabby to drive to the nearest police station. Say to the Inspector, ' 1 hear there <is a warrant out for me. J liave come -to give myself up, If you want me.'" " By George ! I don't like to do it. you Imow—3 swear I don't; but I (suppose your advice 'Is good. I must say I do not (fancy passing (through tlie machinery of Justice—tlie stinking police cells and maylbe the stinking Old Bailey and the stinking Holloway as well. Don't l!ke the idea, I say." "Nonsense. 1 have ?ittle doubt ttiat youlll find (the plank bed in the cells more entertaining at least than the stone 31a*b of -the uiorgue." ''.'Don't-speak of it, sir—not another word. I Ifradn't thought of that, 'poll my soul—I Madn't You make my flesh creep." The stranger grinned for the first; Hl'me. Arthur Brackenbridge reaWied ; for lite hit, and reluctamtly left the carriage. He stood for ai moment, bis bad: to the compartnienlt and Jiis 'hand still on the door. Turning. lie said : "Yes, you're right. IU do it; I'll give myself up and see wlMit.beeomes of me. My name Is lBrackenlbtridgc ; you will, without a doubt, see it appear often enough In the newspapers during the next month or so. But, whatever becomes of me, you, Kir, have saved my life. Whether you "h'ave done me a good turn or an evil one hais, yet to be seen ; but to-night, at least, I am grateful, very grateful. That slab keeps' recurring to my utind, you know, and—well, good- bye, my friend, and God bless you, sir, God Mess you !"• The two men clasped ih'oaids. gassing Imto one another's face earnestly and long. The train started -with its usual wracking jerk. The heavy man sat huddled In the corner, his brows contracted, anus folded, and his eyes fisedon h'is dancing foot The train arrived at and departed from West K«ns1iiwtoTi Stat,ion. He slipped his hand Into his breatst pocket, and slowly drew furtti the revolver, rhe mi^zile fnnelt blocyd; it looked blood. Without, one gtauce at . tllie weapon, but •handlln,? it as a usurer handles-a gold ornaim.ant, ,he muttered : "Taken one life, iwivlwl one life. Surely the one should •tonlaiuw the other. But be says "No, liot •ooe<life, but two fou have -taken—two.! two! your victim's aud your own,' I believe he is as rl*ht ln «ff case m(x wu^Ja bit, ana the balance is against me, against one— harmlessly against me ; against me now .•mil for all eternity. He said -to jne. ' G'id 'itltxsrs you, sir !' 1 think that is o good oniou. He is fhe last 1 shall moot on tilits Oiirtli, and (lie said ' Cioii bless you, sir!'" Wi'tli iiis rhumb 'lie drew back tlie hammer of the weapon until it "clicked" twice. " i limy as well end my flight,by instantaneously putting myself out of veiv.'li of my pui-sner.« ; aud it is bettor that 1 do It with the. young man's worilis ringing 1u my eaiv!. lie wats flyingto his death; 1 from mine, lie fouud life; I And " At Jlanuiiei- Kinith .Station fhe travellers by the train garlic rod round rhe omiipurt.nii'n't. to stand tap-too and peer into It • while Uic guards were lifting the corpse up from its sorrowful collapse ; and next morning's papers contained ('lie news of Hie suicide of the Uray'fi Inn miuiviorei - and the arrest of Arthur Brackonbridgo.— '" The Lud- gate." 