Professor Ramsay's South Galatian Theory. Paper read at the Sydney Ministers' Meeting, Monday, 7th May, 1900, By the Rev. James A. Nolan. THE QUESTION STATED. St. Paul addressed one of the most important of his epistles to ' the churches at Galatia.' In the Epistle, appealing to those to whom he is writing, he says, ' O foolish Galatians.' ' In the Acts we are told that Paul ' went through the region of Phrygia and Galatia, in order, stablishing all the disciples.' What locality is indicated by ' the region of Galatia and Phrygia,' who were these 'Galatians,' and in what cities were these ' churches of Galatia' planted? The dominant North Galatian Theory is that by ' the | region of Galatia ' is meant North Galatia ; that the ' Galatians ' were the Gaulish inhabitants of North Galatia ; that Paul visited North Galatia, and planted churches in Ancyra, Pessinus apd other cities of that region, the names of which, however, do not occur in the New Testament; and that these were ' the churches of Galatia ' to which Paul addressed his epistle. The South Galatian Theory is that ' the churches of Galatia ' were those which Paul planted in Antioch of Pisidia, Iconium, Lystra, and Derbe, cities of South Galatia, which, we know, he visited again and agaiu. The point is of more importance than may, at first sight, appear. It is true that no doctriual question is effected by it, but historical questions are involved that effect the credibility of Luke as an historian. According to the accepted North Galatian Theory the narrative is burdened with difficulties and selfcon tradictions, and between the Acts and the Epistle to the Galatians there are inexplicable discrepancies. The South Galatian theory explains all the difficul ties. It makes the whole narrative, as contained in the Acts and the Epistle, a natural and self-consistent story. The Copernican theory of the heavens so soon displaced all previous theories for the simple reasoo that it answered all questions and explained all difficul ties. For the same reason, as I believe, the South Galatian theory will soon quite displace the long accepted North Galatian theory. The honour of having bronght the South Galatian theory under the notice of English readers belongs to Professor W. M. Ramsay, whose ' Church in the Roman Empire,' ' St. Paul the Travel 1 fiT ,f a.nrl Vuq rapcmf.lTT rmhticViori ** TTici torical Commentary to the Epistle to the Galatians' may be consulted on the subject. Until quite recently the North Gala tian theory was received without ques tion, Every commentary adopted it, without even a hint that it might not be correct. Professor Ramsay main tains that it held sway so long because the real facts, historical and geographi cal, were not known ; and that only in our own times have facts come to light that now make it impossible to hold the long accepted theory. Nearly forty years ago, the South Galatian theory was noticed by Dean Howson in Smith's Dictionary of the Bible. He noticed it, however, only to set it aside. It has been adopted by Dr. Cunniugham Geikie, in his ' St. Paul, his Life and Epistles.' Dr. Geikie speaks of Professor Ramsay as ' the greatest living authority on the subject ' of Asia Minor. Professor Ramsay maintains that, if Bishop Lightfoot and Dr. Hort had lived a little longer, thev would have anticipated him in espousing the South Galatian Theory. PAUL SETS OUT ON HtS FIRST MISSIONARY JOURNEY. The first missionary valedictory service was held in the great and splendid city of Antioch in Syria. Antioch was a centre of Greek and Roman life and commerce, in which an important Christian church had been established, where the disciples were first called Christians, and where Paul and Barnabas were engaged in a great evangelistic work. It was a crisis in the development of the church. As yet, the Gospel had been preached only to Jews and to Jewish proselytes. Christianity was, as yet, a society with in the Jewish Church. The truth was not as yet understood — a truth so hard T ? ? l ? ? _ I ? ? ? L- ior tiewisn prejudice uo receive — hum&go; the Gentiles as such God had granted repentance unto life, that its grandest triumphs were to be won among the Gentiles, and that the Gentile converts to Christianity were to be left free from the burden of the Jewish ceremonial law. To give effect to this new truth, Paul, at his conversion, had been designated by the Lord Jesus himself. At Damascus, and again at Jerusalem, he had received from the risen Lord, a commission to go ' far hence unto the Gentiles.' All these years he had been patiently waiting. In Arabia, in Damascus, in Jerusalem, in Cilicia, in Syrian Antioch he had been preach ing Christ to the Jews. But, till now, his way had not been opened to get at his designated life work. At last his opportunity, came. In one of the devotional meetings of the church in Antioch a message was received from God the Holy Ghost that Barnabas and Saul were to be set apart for foreign missionary service. In a Valedictory Meeting, they were ordained by laying on of hands to this special work. Accompanied, probably, by some of the i brethren, they set out by the picturesque road that joins Antioch to its seaport Seleucia. The spacious harbour, now half silted up, was at that time, crowded with the shipping of the world. It was natural that they should make for the ; sea. . It was the highway of all the nations. On that highway the Gospel - was destined to go forth to every laud. They must make a commencement somewhero. Their choice of Cyprus was decided, probably, by the circum stance thai it was the native place of Barnabas. Landing at Salamis, they opened their commission in the Jewish synagogue. Passing through the island to Paphos, they secured as a convert to Christianity, no less a person than the proconsul himself — the representative, in Cyprus, of the Imperial majesty of Rome. It seems to me that Sergius Paulus may have been the first Gentile convert to Christianity who did not become a -Jewish proselyte. The con verts on the day of Pentecost ' from every nation under heaven,' we are told, ?were J6WS. The Samaritans who be lieved would have protested that they were not Gentiles. The Ethiopian Eunuch and Cornelius the Centurion were probably already ' proselytes of the gate.' Peter, with one of his keys, opened the Kingdom of Heaven to a crowd of Gentiles in the house of Cornelius. But it seems as if they all consented to become proselytes, for no objection to their being received was raised by those Jewish Christians who afterwards in sisted so hotly that Paul's Gentile con verts ' should be circumcised. But whether I am right or not in surmising that Sergius Paulus was tbe first purely Gentile convert to Christianity, his con version was a circumstance that could not but deeply impress the xhind of Paul. paul's ruling thought — the empire ;- FOR JESUS. Through all his years of waiting and preparation, the thought of the Gentiles for Jesus, the world for Jesus, suggested by the Lord Himself, was doubtless taking shape in his mind, and filling his heart with a holy ambition. It must surely have sometimes occurred to him, being not only a native of the Roman province Cilicia. but, himself a Roman citizen, that if the world was to be won for Christ, the Roman Empire must be won for Christ, for, at that time, Rome was, in a very real sense, the mistress of the world. At what time this took definite shape in his mind we know not. May we conjecture that it was on the occasion of the con version of the Roman pro- consul of Cyprus that this thought took full possession of his soul, and henceforth became the ruling purpose and passion of his life. From this time it became the inspiring mission of his life to win the Empire for Jesus. He will not rest till he has planted the standard of the Cross in' the imperial city, that, from thence, 'he may claim the world for Jesus. It is significant that it is pre cisely at this point that Paul's Jewish narilie is dropped, and henceforth he is known by the name that belonged to him as a Roman citizen; and also that from this point it is no longer ' Barnabas and Saul.' but ' Paul and Barnabas.' Henceforth Paul's great thought, The Empire for Jesus, becomes all-absorbing and all-commanding. THE GOSPEL MUST ADVANCE ALONG THE GREAT LINES OF ROMAN DEVELOPMENT. Cyprus was on no highway of Roman life. Paul never again landed there. Setting sail for the mainland, he made no stay in the unimportant province, Pamphylia ; he pushed on over the Taurus Range by a wild and dangerous road, making for the great Roman cities :in the cpntral tableland of Asia Minor. Asia Minor is a sort of huge natural bridge that would connect Europe with Asia, but that it is cut at the European ?end by a narrow slit at the Bosphorus and the Dardanelles In the days of Paul it was divided into a number of Homan provinces, governed by Procon suls. In the western coast district was the province Asia, with Ephe.sus for its capital. In the south east corner, was the province Cilicia, the capital of which was Tarsus, Paul's native city. Between these two provinces, by way of the high tableland that occupied the centre of the peninsula, some three or four thou sand feet above the level of the sea, lay the large irregular shaped province Galatia. THE GALATIANS. The word ' Galatians,' as used by i Paul, meant men of the province of Galatia. The Galatians, which is the ' Greek name for the Gauls, were origin ally Celtic tribes that came over from Europe into Asia Minor in the third century before Christ. They settled in north east Phrygia, in the region known to us as North Galatia. They found in this region a numerous popula tion of Phrygians, with whom in time they mixed, so that they became one nation, to which the Galatians gave their name. The Gala tians were thus a mixed people, Phrygians and Gauls. The Phrygians were the more numerous, but the Gauls were the more influential in impressing their language and their characteristics on the united people. NORTH AND SOUTH GALATIA. The Galatians were a restless people, sometimes annexing portions of the suirounding countries, at other times driven back again, and forced to relinquish territory that they had seized. In the course of these re-adjustments ot' boundary, in the second and first centuries before Christ, portions of Lycaonia, of Phrygia and of Pisidia were added to Galatia. In the regions thus annexed to Galatia were the cities Antioch, Iconium, Lystra and Derbe, in which Paul planted his first Gentile churches. In this way, there came to be, in the awkwardly shaped territory of the Galatians, a North Galatia, where the invading Gauls first settled, and a South Galatia, part of which was spoken of as the Added Land. ?? From the first there was a marked difference between the people of South Galatia and those of North Galatia. South Galatia, through which passed, the great highway of Roman' conquest and progress, was, in the time of Paul, well advanced in the civilisation of that age. While, in the country parts, the Phrj'gian language, religion and modes of life were largely continued, yet in the cities, in which, according to his con trolling thought, the Empire for Jesus, Paul's work chiefly lay, the Greek language was spoken, and Greek customs and laws were in vogue, but ad ministered by the Romans with their well-known capacity for ruling subject races. In any of these cities, Paul could get an audience to hear him preach the glad tidings of the Kingdom of God. In his churches, planted in these cities, a letter addressed to them in the Greek tongue, could be read to the assembled church. In North Galatia all this was different. It was off the track of Roman develop ment. Indeed, in Paul's time, it was looked upon as one of the most outof the-way and uncivilised parts of Asia Minor. Greek was comparatively un known. If. Paul had gone to preach there, he would have required the services of an interpreter. In later times, North Galatia did come into the line of Roman development. But it was not till long after Paul's day. It was not till the second century that Greek began to supplant the barbarous lan guage of North Galatia. We have no evidence that, in Paul's time, Christian ity was introduced at all into North Galatia. At the end of the second century, there was a christian church in Ancyra. Christian martyrs Suftered there in the persecution under Diocle tian. The earliest Christian inscriptions found in North Galatia, are probably as late as the fourth century. Nowhere is there any historical evidence that the Gospel was taken to North Galatia as early as Paul's time. (To be continued.) 