The Lily of Mordaunt, Bv Mrs G. Shkldon, fcnti’oroBB of “Tho Maskod Bridal,’ “The Magic Oamoo, ' &o.;) CHAPTER XXXVIII. IN A DILEMMA. 1 am glad, at all ovonts, to got my jewels back,” she added, as she eyed ' them fondly, lilting each pleco with ten der, caressing fingers, and recalling the f?londs who had given them to her. “ Bat thU monoy, what shall I do with It? Tho hundred ponnds rightly belongs to mo, and I Bhall keep It; but tho other—tho * lntorost,’ as ho calls It—1 believe—I do not want ; and aB for that whloh ho has deposited In tho Bank of England in my name, 1 conld never touch a penny of It.” Her eyes blazed at tho thought of It, her head waB thrown proudly back, and her Ups curled with derision. Tho hundred-pound note sho put away in her purso, the other sho rotnrned to tho envolope containing Philip’s letter, and then she foil to muslrg sorrowfully, and was only arouBed when Miss McAllis ter returned after a long absence, during which she had been in a continual for mont of anxiety and curiosity regarding the contents of Philip Paxton’s package. Arley arose as Bbo entorod, and, put ting her letter into her hands, bogged hor to read it. Scarcely a sound, save tho rattling of tho papor as Miss McAllister turned the pages of Philip’s letter, was hoard in tho room during the next half hour. Miss McAllister sat bolt upright by a window, with lowering brow, atern, re lentless eyes, and firmly compressed lips. Arley lay wearily back in her low rooker by the fire, her hands claspod patiently in her lap, but looking very palo and sorrowful. “ Well, suntle, what do you think of it ?’’ sho questioned, whon that lady at last refolded Philip’s confession, and handed It back to her. That ho Is even a greater rascal than I believed him to bo—and that was bad enough, goodness knows I” was tho grim reply. Arley flushed. She could think all manner of hard things of him horsolf, but It ecemod very harsh when put Into such sovoro language by another. “But be seems sorry,” sho said, hesi tatingly. “ So does every criminal whon ho is found out,” Miss McAllister retorted, tersely. “Do you suppose,■’sho wont on, “ If Lady Elaine had listened to him—if sho had given him tlio slightest encourage ment, that ho would over have written you that letter 1” “ Perhaps not,” Arley assented. “Of course he would not. Ho would bavo continued to pursuo his wlckod, shameless career, married her, aud then as ruthlessly broken her heart as ho has yours, if she had opposed him in any way. It must have been that adventure with Jane Collins which resulted in reveallng:jbls craftlnasss to hor, and led her to bring him up short, with a good round turn. I think I should have enjoyed being behind tho scenes about that time," Miss McAllister concluded, with a little chuckle of triumph. “As for your monoy and jewels,’’sho addod, attar a moment, '' I told you that he Btole them ; 1 felt it In my bones, as tho saying is, and I can boliovo him capablo of almost anything now.” “ But ho must have experienced some thing of romorso or ho never would have written all that he has,” Arley returned : “ his returning my monoy and jewels proves, too-” “ I should suppose ho would be glad to restore thorn ; they must bavo haunted him like a ghost ovory lima ho thought of or looked at them,” Interrupted tho old lady, relentlessly. “ But he need not have confessed every thing ; If he had not been really hnmbled he probably would have kept those last worst things to himself.” “ Humph 1 doubtless ho knew well enough that you would learn all from Lady Elaine, and so made a virtue of necessity." “ But she know nothing about this stolen money and jewels, nor about hla gambling—he might havo given himself the benefit of a doubt regarding those elns, If he had chosen,” persisted Arley. Miss McAllister eyed the pretty fignre oppoBlto to her uneasily. “.I hope," she said, coldly, “ that yon are not meditating auythiDg so foolish as to forgive him and tako him back to your favor 1 1 should suppose that once hav ing released yourself from tho lion’s power, yon would riot bo very eager to pot your head betwoen his jaws again.” 41 5 1 m afraid that 1 can’t forgive him, auntie——” “ Afraid ! ’ was the startled Interrup tion, “ Fes. You know wo are commanded to 1 forgivo, as we hope to be forgiven,’ " Arley murmured, In a low tone. “Of oourse—of course; no Christian Bhould cherish malice, or wish evil to any one ; but this 1b a peculiar caBe. You are not obliged to wish for any special judg ment to overtake Philip—you can simply drop him altogether oht of your life.” “ Yes; those wretched months are still too fresh In my mind to admit of my wishing him to have any part In my future,” and Arley shivered slightly. '‘But if he really feels as remorseful as his letter seems to indicate, I would at least like to render him all the credit that Is his due.” “ Precious little Is due him, in my opi nion,” was the severe retort, and there tho matter dropped. Events orowded thick and fast upon the rotnrned wanderer, for during the next forenoon Mr Holley, Arloy’s former lawyer, was announced. “ Well, well, Mrs Arley,” he said, jovially, as he warmly grasped her hand, “it does my old eyes good to see you home onoe more. Mr Paxton sent mo up word last night that you had roturned. and, as I promised to transact a little business for him when you came, I thought I’d settle it at once ; and you may be sure I was very glad of tho oppor tunity to oome and welcome you home,” Arley was amazed at his words; of course, she did not understand them, bnt she did not like to betray too much; so, though her eyes wore unusually brilliant, .and the color In her cheeks was like a scarlet flame, she managed to reply : “ Thank you, Mr Holley; you know that I am glad to see you under any cir cumstances, for I havo always considered you as one of my best friends.” 41 You have not forgotten how to Bay pretty things, if you are a married woman and have travelled half the world over,” the lawyer returned, smilingly. “ But I’ll attend to business first and do my chatting afterward. I Imagine,” he added, with twinkling eyes, “that my communication will not be-very muoh of a surprise to yon, but I am none the less happy to make It.” What could be coming now I Arley wondered, clasping her hands so tightly that the nails left deep, purple .upon them for long afterward. , “ Mr Paxton waited upon me. abme tlmo ago,” tho lawyer resumed, “ and told mo that ho had settled a sum upon you—twonty thousand pounds—deposit ing tho money In tho Bank of England, and ho desired that { would take charge of it, as I had dono of your money In the past, and pay yon lh-.i Interest quarterly, as before. Ho Bald that ho had made this arrangornont eo that you might have tho Barno feeling of indopendonco that you usod to have, while ho wished you to bo provided for In ciso of any accident hap pening to him. I rood not toll you that I am very proud to bo restored to my old position as your man of businoss, or that it la with groat pleasure that I pay over this first quarterly-.instalment to you— Mr Paxton notified no of your roturn last night—and you may be euro that I Bhall make prompt payments overy quarter Mr Holley reached forward and slipped a roll of notes into Arloy's hands as ho coasod speaking. She folt as if aho should sink through tho floor, aa ho crowded that money upon Her firat Impniso was to daah It back angrily into tho man's face and bid him to carry It back to Its donor. But, aho reasoned, ho was in total Ignoranco of tho trail’ of her relations to Philip—ovorythlng that ho had said wont to provo it—and If eho rejected tho money aho would bo obliged to oxplaln why, and rovoal tho wliolo of hor dreadful It was ovident that Mr Holley believed, as Sir Anthony had appoarod to do, that sho and hor husband wero upon the most amlcablo terms with each other ; and It was also evldont that Philip was rigidly concealing everything which wonld tend to create any scandal, thus leaving hor, bb ho had told her in hlB lottor that ho ahonld do, to take whntovor steps against him she might boo fit. What ahonld sho do ? That money soemod like a Hvo coal in her hands ; and aho know, with hor pre sent feelings, that sho eonld never nso bo much as a farthing of it; and yet, if Bhe gave It back to Mr Uolloy, she mnst givo a reason, and sho recoiled from rehoarslng hor troubles to any one outside tho family. Miss McAllister’s face bad grown black with wrath over this strango proceeding ; but sho was obliged to hold her tongao, knowing that any interference on hor part would bo unseemly, nt least,. In the presence of a third person. Bnt the lawyer was waiting for Arley to say something, hla face all smiles and aglow with heartiest sympathy for her good fortune, as he regarded It, and she knew that aho must make him some “ lteally, Mr Holley,” Bhe began, with a crimson face, “ this is a surprise to “ What 1 Has not your husband told yen anything about it ? Has he left me to onllghton you upon the Bnbjoct In terrupted the lawyer, astonished. Arley'a hoart loapod Into her throat. It was very hard to know just what It was best to say. “ Ho did mention that he had deposited Bomo money in tho Bank of England for mo ; bat 1 had no Idea that I was to re ceive such a sain as you mention, and, really,1’ she added, with a norvous, almost hysterical laugh, “ I havo re garded mysolf ns portionless for so long that I foar I Bhall not know how to bo have, with all this wealth at my com “ I do not bellevo you will havo any difficulty regarding tho disposal of it,” Miss McA.Ulstos Vnter’poBed, In a dry “ I am sure you deaervo it all, my dear,” Mr Holley ropliod, novor once suspecting the point of the venerable spinster's remark. “ Thoro has Jjeen a sore spot in my heart over since your marriage, that you were obliged to relin quish that anug little income to which yon had alwayB been accustomed, though I admire Miss Wentworth exceedingly, and am very happy to serve hor. But I waa always fond of yon, Mrs Arley, and I am heartily glad that you are to be Indepen dent once more, while I admire yonr hus band for having done this thing.” Arley did not reply, but sat there ner vously fingering that hateful roll of money, and wondering if Bhe would have strength to romaln quietly In her room until Mr Holley should get ready to go. It eeomed as If she must scream, rave, wring her hands, tear her hair—anything rather than alt there and listen while he extolled Philip, without being able to nttor one word of denunciation. It was torturo to bo obllgod tacitly to assume that she was a happy wife, beloved and indulgod to hor heart's content, when all the while ahe felt almost too miserable to Hvo. “ Do yon know that Arley has become quite an artist alnce she went away 3” Miss McAllister askod, surmising some thing of her wretchedness, and hoping thus to change the subject. “No. Is that so?" Mr Holloy In quired. “ Yes," Arley answered, eagerly seizing upon this new topic. “ I took painting lessons In both Rome and Florence, and have been quite successful. I, have two pictures wbloh Sir Charles Herbert thinks worthy of being displayed at the exhibition this year.” “ Indeed 1 1 never knew that you had any taste for such work," replied her “ I always liked to draw and paint, but novor discovered that I had any real talent that way until I wont abroad,” Arley said, with a slight flush. Sho wondered what he wonld say If he knew how she had discovered her talont. “ Well, I shall surely go to see your pictures as soon as they are hung,” he answerod, gazing admiringly, and think ing what a lovely picture she herself made, sitting there In her pretty white cashtnore morning robe, with that rich glow upon hor cheeks, the knot of bright ribbons at her throat, and that tiny bronze Bllpper just visible beneath her skirts. “ How proud that young chap must be of hor 1” he thought, repressing a sorrowful sigh, for he bad laid his own fair young wife to rost many years be fore, and his home had been desolate over since. The conversation after that drifted upon indifferent topics, and nothing moro was said about Philip until Ms Holley rose to go, when he remarked, smilingly: “ Tell that husband of yours that I have fulfilled my, trust, and that I was never happier in . the performance of a duty before.” . “ You are very good, Mr Holley, I am sure, to feel such an Interest in me,” Arloy returned, drooping her lids to hide the strange glitter which sprang Into her eyes; and Mr Holley, after shaking hands with her and Miss McAllister went away, thinking how bright the world was for some, how oheerless for others. Arley returned to the parlor, after at tending him to the hall, but Bhe was deathly white now. She went and stood by ihe mantel, and looked thoughtfully Into the fire. Miss McAllister, sitting opposite and knitting away for dear life upon a oharlty stocking, her month puckered Into the hardest kind of a knot, watched her out of the oorners of her eyes. ‘‘Well, Arley,’! she said at length, becoming, impatient at her sllenoe. “ Well, anntle,” Arley repeated, with the same intonation. “ Wbat are yon going to do about it ? —tho money, I mean," with a glance at tho roll atlll in Arley'a hand, “ If I could drop It into the fire and— that would end it, I would do it this in stant," she answered, with some spirit, “What can I do about Itl" she asked, wearily. “ I don’t know. I did think at first that hla letter was all a sham—that he must have heard something about the 1 mystery of your birth being solved, and was trying to wheedle, himself into your good’graceB again,” Miss McAllister said, . without stopping to consider, If such had boon his objoct, he had taken a very strange way tg accomplish it, by confess ing so much more than was needed. “ Bat," Bhe added, “ this Income business looks a little as if he really meant to make you all tho reparation in his power, though whore on earth he ever got tho money to settle on yon is a puzzle to “ You know Sir Anthony told us yes terday that he was overran with busi ness,” Arloy replied. “ Yos ; but It would take a man a long timo to earn twenty thousand pounds, and ho has never done that in the short time that ho has beon homo. No, no, child, I bollovo that he's been gambling again—dopend upon it, he never came honestly by It, and don’t you touoh it, don't you touch it," and Miss McAllister bristled all over with righteous indigna tion at the thought. “lam sure 1 have no Idea of using it,” Arley answered, proudly, “but what shall I do with it P It Is evident that no one mistrusts but that wo oro on the boat of terms; but I cannot rotuse to take those quarterly payments from Mr Holley without giving him some reason, and, auntie, I do not feel like doing anything to start a scandal Involving myself.” You have no intention of ever return ing to Philip again ?" inquired her aunt, with a keen glance at that pale, pained face opposite her. “No, auntie, I could not with my pre sent feellugs. I have been wretched ever t since tho day of my marriage ; a barrier seemed to rise between us immediately upon discovering that Ina was the real Arley Wentworth, and wo have been almost like strangers from that hour." “ Poor child I wbat a sad time you have had,” Miss McAllister said, sym pathislngly. “Of course, then, If you have such a dread of Bcandal, you would not feel liko applying for a divorce 1” Arley shlvorod. “ Of what use would that be to me 1" sho asked; “ death alone would release mo from my vows." “ Well, well,” you must livo here quietly with us and let matters take their course,” was the gentle rejoinder ; “ we will do all we can to help you for get, and yon shall never want for anything while I havo a pound left.” “ About this money," sho added, a moment later, “ if yon don't like to refuse it from Mr Holley, you can enclose it in an envelope and return it to Philip overy quarter." “ Yes, 1 could do that—at least for the present,” Arloy said, with a look of relief. “Of course, aftor awhile, when peoplo come to see that we are never together, the truth will leak out, and then I can stop tho payments.” Sho went at once to act upon MIsb McAllister’s suggestion, and, with a hand that w.\s far from steady, she enolosed tho sum Mr Holley had paid her, together with the twenty-pound note Philip had already sent her as Interest on her hun dred pounds, in an envelope, directed it to him at his chambers, and Bent it off at once. That ovening Sir Gharlos and his mother called, and woro most cordially received by Miss McAllistor. Aftor introducing her aunt, Arloy lod Ina to Lady Herbert, saying, smilingly : “This is the real Arley Wentworth, of whom I have told you, and whose golden slippers I wore so long." Her ladyship stndled the fair face a moment, then said, as she took the gentle girl by the hand: “ Well, dear, since you had to give them up, I am sure you must have been glad to resign them to one so worthy." “ Indeed I was," Arley replied, heartily, and then she presented Ina to Sir Charles. As Bhe did so she noted the eager, admiring glance, which the young baronet bestowed upon her, and also the faint Hush which stole into the beautiful girl's cheek, and the shy drooping of her white lids after her first glance into his noble face, “ They will love each other," she said to herself, with sudden conviction; “and, ob, how well fitted they are for each other—he so grand and true, she so gentle and lovable.” It did Indeed seem as if her propheoy was likely to come true, for Sir Charles had neither eyes nor ears for anyone else throughout hlB call. He hardly noticed Arley after their first greeting, until hla mother arose to go; then he seemed to suddenly re member hia errand there, “ Mrs Paxton,” he Bald, “ I have suc ceeded in securing a place for your plcturoa at the exhibition." “ So soon I” cried Arley, astonished ; but her face lighted with genuine plea “ It must be ' soon' or not at all, you know,” he returned, “for it opens to morrow.” “True. I had forgotten. How do they look 1 Have they a good light ?” “The best that they could possibly have. I was very fortunate, and they present a fine appearance, I assure you. An artist,” he explained, “ was expected to bring two very fine pictures from Paris, but a telegram'was received last night stating that they had been destroyed by fire, so the places reserved for them could be given to others. I was the first applicant this morning, and so secured the vacant space.” “ How sorry 1 am for that poor artist 1 It must be a terrible disappointment,11 Arley • said,' regretfully, then adding : “ Bat you are very good to ine, Sir Charles; you have literally heaped favors upon me from first to last.” “No, no;.;not so bad as that, I hope,” he said, laughing. Then, in a lower tone, and with a glance at ina ; “ You have conferred a favor upon me to-day. What an exceptionally lovely person Miss Wentworth is!” “ She is Indeed—lovely in every sense of the word,” and Arley bent an affec tionate glance upon the young girl, for whom she was hourly acquiring a strong attachment. “ I suppose that I—we may come to see you again ?” Sir Charles begged, with a somewhat conscious air. Arley laughed a low, mnslaal laugh; she could not help It, for very little had she had of hla society during this visit. “Certainly you may—come as often as you like; and,” she added, with a mischievous twinkle In her eye whloh made him change color, “ I have no doubt that you will receive a cordial wel come from every member of the family." . “ ThankB. When will you go to look at your plotures 1" he asked, to turn the subject. “ Just as soon as I am a little rested," Arley said, with a sigh. The excitement of the morning had made her feel very languid and weary. )“ Yon are looking very tired, and wo will not trespass longer on your strength I to-night,” Sir Oharlea Bald, and, with a hand-claap all aronnd, he took his leave, followed by Lady Herbert. “ You must come and stay a month with me, dear, just bb soon aa your friends can spare you," her ladyship whispered in Arley’a ear, as she kissed hor at parting. “You have been with me bo long, and I have learned to lovo you so well, I miss you sadly.” “ Thank you," Arley returned, with trembling lips. “I do not know what would ever have become of me but for “ Some other fortunate individual would have secured your companionship, and I should have missed a great deal out of my life, 'responded Lady Herbert, cheerfnlly ; and then, with another kiss, followed her son to their carriage. To be Continued. 