Short Story. Escorting the Colonel's Wife. One day a mail rider .arrived at the frontier fort with such news that a ser geant and six men and an ambulance were ordered out within an hour to es I'ort and convey Uie ColouelNs wife down to the railroad. This was a trip of forty miles. For the first ten miles it was over a level plain, then the trail ran ihrough the scrub, along the foothills, iiver live miles of desert, around the south base . of the 'mountain, and straight down to the tail road. It wns a hard, rough trail. It took the army waggons from tliree to tour days to make the forty miles. We could make it in two if al lowed to pursue our way in peace, for a year there had been uo open act of hostility on the. part of the Indians, but we had kuown for weeks that they were making ready for au outbreak. It was queer euough that the Colonel should come down to us in person as we etood beside our saddle?! ,' horses,' knowing nothing of where we''\yere to go or the. object of the trip, but stranger yet that all ' military etiquette' should go out of his voice and demeanour as he said : . ' Sleu, 1- am going to send my wife down to the railroad to go East. You are to be her escort. It is a case of life or death, or she would not go. I am afraid of the Indians, and yet I think you will get through all right. You are to make the best time possible. If at tacked ? ' ' \Ve shall beat them off, sir,' replied Sergeant Gregg after waiting halfa miuute for the Colonel to finish. ' I hope you can. . I can only 6end the seven of you and a driver. Eight men ought to beat- off a hundred Indians, unless taken in ambush. Be watchful and prudent. Sergeant, you are an old Indian fighter. You will know best what to do. You will get away by 1 o'clock, travel as fast as you can and as late as you can, so as to finish the journey to-mon-ow. If you are at tacked ? ' The Colonel did not finish. He looked at each niau and horse, inspected the ambulance and it6 pair of mules, and with a half-nod to us Tre walked away. His wife must go, aud, owing to details and sickuess, no commissioned officer could be sent along. If the Indians were out an escort of twenty men would not be too large. Only eight of us were to go. Had he finished his sentence he would have said : ' If attacked, and you are about to fall into the hands of the red devils, do not let my wife be. captured alive.' We understood what he meant, though we said nothing to each other. No mat ter what lie or any one else feared, the little woman was almost merry as she took her seat In the ambulance for the start. She trusted us to the fullest ex tent, and that feeling made evoi'y man worth three. Our 'horses were in line fettle, and the first ten miles were cover ed in a gallop. Then the way became so rough that we could only proceed at a. walk. We wound through the scrubby cedars and pines to the crest of a low iDountain, and then descended into Little Valley at just 5 o'clock. A dash across the valley to the base of Blue Mountain would put us In camp for the night. We had progressed famously well, and had not yet siglited an Indian. Three different times we had to bridge chasms wfoich mountain torrents had cut out within a week, aud twice we had to drag trees anil logs out of the path ? before we eor.;-l go on. Nothing had happened wtoon we reached the valley, and as we looked around us aud across it nothing could bo seen to alarm. We had just taken the ropes off the blocked wheels of the ainbulauce when the war whoop of the hostile Indians sounded l-ehind us, and we looked back over our frail to catch sight of a hundred mount ed warriors bearing down upon us. i 'hey had picked our trail and run us down. ' Mount 1 Now. straight across the valley! Pall in to the rear of the ambu lance !' The voice of the old sergeant was hard and firm as he spoke. The curtains. of the ambulance were up, and I glanced at the Colonel's wife. She had seen and heard.- Her cheeks had paled, l-ut slie was removing a repeating rifle from its hooks as we fell in behind the vehicle. It was a clear five-mile dash. The prairie was as level as a floor, and the mules needed no urging after 'hearing the yells of the Indians. The soldier driver wound the lines about his hands, braced his feet, and away we wont We had a start of half-ii- inile. No man looked back. The pace was a hot one and there was cover five miles away. The Indians gained on us, but only inch by inch. The mules took up such a gait that our horses had to lie right down to it to keep up. Not a word . was spoken as we rode, but every ear listened to locate those coming up be hind us. If they came too near we must halt und open fire while the ambulance pushed on. We had almost reached cover before three or four rifle. bullets, came singing- over our heads. Three' minutes later wo were aanong the trees and rocks, and the race was ended. An the ambulance halted and we flung ourselves off our horses, I looked back and saw a band of at least seventy In dians almost ' within rifle-shot 6T us. The road struck the hills at 'a guloli, and they dared uot follow us into that They gave vent to their disappointment b.v .shouts and yells and a waste of am munition, and for a few minutes they had uo plain view. ' Well, we beat them in a fair race,' said the Colonel's wife as she descended from the ambulance with the rifle iu her hands. 'Sergeant Gregg, what are you going to do now V' . ' Take cover, ma'am/' he replied as he gave her the military salute. ' Yes, of course,' she said as she looked about ' Did you ever see a pair of mules run faster '! I might have got a shot but for your men behind. There must be near a hundred Indians out there, but I guess we're' safe enough now.' She rattled ou iu that fashion while we were taking the mules from the ain Imlance and unsaddling our horses, and it was a great weight off our minds to realise that she would not be a burden on our hands. It was idle to think of pursuing our journey in the darkness which would soon close down, and bo fore morning there would be plenty of Indians ou the trail beyond. We must take cover and hope to stand them oft until help arrived, or they grew dls Icouraged at the siege. As we were con sulting about' location and defence the Colonel's wife came back to us from the mouth of the gulch and said : 'That's the place, over to the left, men, There's a spring on that hill, with a good growth to shelter all, and yon can see plenty of boulders lying about;' ( The eerseaut had selected the same spot, and Bn the course of a quarter of an liouv we were occupying it. We got the horses aud mules up there, but the vehicle was left behind. It Was A cone shaped hill amid ?liaL£-a-iio«nli such, but it commanded the others. It was covered with pinee and cedars ol Jsuiail growth, and there was n Splendid spring right on the crest If the Indians had been fierce it their pursuit, or crafty in their plans, we could not have reached St. It was the outbreak of war again with them, and thej were overcautious. They drew back' into Uie Valley to con sult, thus giving us a fair show, aud wu were snug enough when nigjit fell, and they made a dash for us, which we easily rcpulded- Darkness found us oc cupying a circle about 40ft. acrass, with stones and boulders and trees for shelter, and, though the situation was an anxious one and full irf danger, all wore In good spiWls-. We made a fire between two rocks and cooked our sup pers, and 0y the use of blankets we put up .i ' (vlit for the Colonel's wife, though ngiiinst her protests. After the one single effort of the Indian*, which jwav doubtless more of a reconnaissance than an altaek, we were left iu peaee- though all through the nignt we heard sounds to prove they were'-biklng up positions on all sides of us and making ready for ?the morrow. None of us except the woman slept an hour all night long. We used levers to loosen boulders and roll them into tun circle, and with our knives we cul oft limbs, and cut down small trees to fur-; ther strengthen our fort We got the horses into a sort of gully below vet dud made the position as safe as possible, and when daylight e&ine; there was noth ing more to be done. We had above 000_ rounds of ammunition, food for three days, and water was at hand. Daybreak found us ready for an at tack. . The Colonel's wife took her place, rifle in hand, between two -men, and for half-an;-hour we expected a sudden rush; At the'end of that time a Buigle warrior appeared to view at the base of the hill, Sand lii broken English demanded our. surrender. The sergeant answered him that we Were ready for them, and at the same time 'fired a shot which rolled the redskin's pony over. Three minutes later there was a circle of fire about its. Indians b'ad mounted into trees to tile right and left of us to get & plunging fire, and from Uic lops of two lower hills they poured-in their bullets at random. We simply crouched down behind the rocks and smoked our pipes, pleased that they were throwing away their cartridges. At tile end of an hour they ceaeod firing. Not a mau of us had bceil touched, but stray bullets had killed one of the mules and wounded two horses. There would be a rush now^ and as We made ready for it the colonel's wife sank down beside me, and quietly said: 'I've tumbled over sage hens and jackralVbtts, and I ought to be able to hit tm Indian. Do I look frightened ?' ' You are as white as a ghost, ma'am,' I answered as I turned to her. ' But I'm all right,' she smilingly said, ' aud 'here they come.' So they did. With every painted war rior yelling at the top of his voice, the entire band charged us at once, raking In the -Whole circle. It was not until they got close up that we could see any thing to shoot at, and every few seconds the sergeant cried out to us to hold our fire. It was over in a minute. They did not expect to find us entrenched, and we knocked them over like uiiienlns. I believe we killed or wounded a full score, and it took the fight out of them so thoroughly that not a rifle was fired at us again until afternoon. Then, soon after 2 o'clock, and without the slightest warning, we were charged- again, aud for three minutes it was a Wild melee. We fired into their very faces as they sprang Upon the defences, and two warriors were shot flown inside our fort, and both By the Colonel's wife. It was their final and supreme effort, aud well it was for us that it was thu.s. When we had beaten them off Sergeaut Gregg and another man lay dead, four men were badly wounded, and they had cut our animals out of the gulch and run them off. Had the attack lasted a minute longer or been renewed, two men and a woman alone would have opposed it. And among the queer things of that last dash was the behaviour of the Colonel's wife. With iny own eyes I saw her shoot down the two warriors who had leaped the breastwork, and I believe she killed two or three more out side of It, and yet when the attack had been repulsed the little woman fell over in a dead faint, and for ten minufeis we believed her dead from a bullet. When she came back to life she had a fit of weeping, and when that was over she turned to and attended our hurts and was ready for another brush. We put iu another night right there, not knowing tliat the Indians had drawn off, but soon after suuriso next morning were relieved of all anxiety by the appearance of a scout, who passed on and sent us aid from the fort The Colonel's wife did not get down to tire railroad, for that was the opening of a war which lasted for months, but there was no blame at tached . to any of the living who re turned to her. On the contrary, the old martinet of a Colonel took each one of us by. the hand, breaking over ' mili tary etiquette' once more in his life, arid said : ' v ' You did well, my man, 'and here's my hand on it. aud I won't forget you !'.. — ' San Francisco Chronicle.' ? '?' ? ' 