THffJ S OIwTEiLLC'It EILY'S CONFESSION. CHAPTER VI. N ext morning Prynue brings my breakfast to moiin bed. -I had 'raiher dreaded .the. night in the Herald's Room, but, having gone to bed early, and being .tired, I .:had fallen. asleep before thei house had sub .di?ld into ghostly silence, and slept till the thriushes were singing outside my window. I- ant qui c ready. for breakfast when Pry'nnoe crries in sty tray. at ,ten o'clock, .and would.l have risen and dressed long before, if Phad not been tinder strict oiders to do. nothing of thbo kind. /Iam longing to aisk Prvnne all about last night's late ar rival ;ibut, -is she does not mention o the subject, neither do I. There is a greater cast thain ovor in her eye this morning, and I thinklf fromt the added 'sourness in her visage, that she is pleased.. She al: o has lput pink bows into liher bck .net cap in stead of brown' ones ;. and later in. the day, when I see" Mrs. Liddel, I find that - the 'fashion of her dressi-s also chainged. Yes teridtay she ?iore.a black stuff gown,. with., a blek sill hankerchief .tied over her widow's 'cap,' to day she wears black brocaded silk. Alice hoassent me somie dtry clothes, ;sand wlihen I havo eaten my breakfast I"make 'Ihastte to get up and dress,' being intensely tnxicus to know what is going on in the house.. Ar about twelve o'clock I. make my, iway aleng the corrtidor, dowrn a flight of fout or five steps, and into the great.: draWv ing=room. Heroe I' find a roaring :woodd fire, and my friotd Richard 'stretched. at fuell length in front of it' on the white Atigora rug? The beautiful 'old room fascinates me anew, and I_ wanrdet round,' looking:at thelpictiures of the dead-and-gone Liddels in complete armbur, in' satin dloubu lets, in "ruffs: and coifs ,and fiarthirigales, thinking how very few. of: them are, evei .commonly good-looking,:till my neck gets stiff with holding it so long inu en .position. hn Lchose the most cosfortable.of- the great carved chairsn upholstered in ruddy velveet, and, sitting down in'::it, lean my" eolbow on the arm'and my chin on, my-hand, and .continue ' my contemplation. So , wrtnpFed tup am I in pleased admiration, ;so lo: t in coanjuringup pictures of olden times, that I am niot aware of the presence of. a Sthilrd peison in the rootm, standing not `very fatr fromni me, leaning over the. backl of, a chair: ' I can't put it together again,' I heard the boy:. complain.. ' fThe: little redi ball -came out of the owhite ball, and now. it won' t go into it again. Supposing himi to be addressinig me, I answer, withouitturning my head ' I daresay you have broken it' Bring it hero to me. But ho :does inot bring it,- and, I turn to see -hat is tkei matter In -turning,II fitid ;imyself face to face with :someone .who lhas ev oiderntly been studyintg me at his leisure Sfort somoe time past. \- I beg: your pardon,' bo says, when :con. cealinent is no longer possible.'?- '.I 'did:- iot likio'to disturb you';, youtlooklied so pleasant ly distraught.' ou :'3i are very kind,' 'I answer raithr ' .I hope you are quite well again to-day ?P. .' Quite well, thanks;': :seeyu 'oudon't'i; emeimber hme,' li ob i.sorves, :?ithoui chianging his position ,ifand -yet you nuave seiu me be fore.--or, at all vents; havoe seen you' " . Idoi't tlink; you havo:' ove ? s ?n t? N' t N ot'vei the balasters hin 'lie .liill last night What salit rPeyes -he. must .have I. A -.viagu opremonitory shiver "passes over: me. I feel an. u-iinaccountale -.sinking - at, the i;heiatn r Wt... ihil lie-stoopsi t'o extricate ithe 'childifrom hils difalotty twith': the 'Chinese puzzle, I':niake myself acquainted' withli his "appearance, 'leaning my. head against. the .?r?d velveot onshions of my great old. chair. I?I has a face vwhich?'at first .sight I think' -'ri; iy disagreeable-hair thin on the . fore 6-lhead and closely eat,'a pointed beard . add.. uitgfo the molanoholy cast of long features, ·:na largo podse, small eyes of a light grey cilloti,- neithoeri soft nor fiory, very dark ^eyebrows, but hairanud bearid turning grey. "l.ciowv different: from 'the mental picture I talid drawn of the young master of Bramble Hill. ilsthis mid.dle-aged reality I He is { Sneithert tall nor slhort, sparely built, and Rvitlia slight stoop of the shoulders. He is , ?-dressed v:erfjplainly, with no ornament but a heavy plain signet with a gold shield en graved, and a small plain locket attached to his watch-chain. I had fancied a gay, handsome, reckless young fellow with- fear less blue eyes ; instead of this, I see a worn looking man, with hair. already turning grey, and a grave, not to say sorrowful countenance. ' Who gave you this thing to play with ?' he asks, looking d:wn into the boy's eager d dark eyes. 'Nobody. I got it for myself I' 'I think yoe had better put it back where you found it, or Prynne will be down upon -yoI.' . 'I am net :.fraid of Pryntie,'Richard says 1 stnurdily. .. -'Are you not ? I thought everybody t here was afraid of Prynne.' He speaks with'a curious foreign accent, and a half- I mocking smile about his mouth, but not in his eyes. ' Richard,'. be says, taking his I nophen by the shoulder, 'don't you think " you ought to introduce me to that lady ? ' ` Don't you know her ? r Richard asks, much more occupied with his ivory ball. ' Not yet. Can you tell me her name ?' .'I wasn't. introduced to her. . She came out of the wood and shook me ; but I like her now.' 'Is that your usual mode of proceeding, Miss Desmonde ?.' he inquires with an amused look. 'I cannot help laughing ; and so the "ice is broken, between us; 'My'mother told me aboat your accidenlt,' he says, leaning over the back of the chair. 'I know the Black Pool;it was an ugly place to choose for a plunge. Lucky for you that your cousin was at hand to pull you out j' ' Very lucky I ' - I-. answer, wondering what my' cousin' thinks of the business.' 'I suppose you know the legend about the Black Pool ? ' .' I heard it yesterday. Is it true.' ' It is universally credited ; but whether it is true or not this deponent'sayeth not. It lends an air of romance to the :place.-and that isall, we care about. You don't believe in ghosts ? ' ' There might be ghosts at lBramblo Hall. There is a ghostly air.nabout it. But I, d' not believe in ghosts in general. ' Only in particular ?: Well, we have a .particular ghost here-a lady in a rustling silk dress, who disappears round corners in the most aggravating way, and who- I:as -a particular fancy for the Plaster Room. Do you knew theoPlaster Room ? " `No, I don't think I have seen it.' ' You should get Prynne to show it you. Do you see that cheval screen near the fire ? She worked-that while she, was in the flesh'.. I hope you admire it.' ' Indeed I do not. I think all tliat old tapestry-work is hideous.' ' And you are n.ot afraid to air`. such Gothic operation P' -He takes hold of - tho screen and turns it to ithel light, surveying it critically. 'What .patience my revered, ancestress must have had I i The. house - is. crammed with specimens of ancient: needle work.: What praiseworthy industry, and' what a result I Is this the likeness of any thing in earth, or'air, or wator'? '. I think it's meant for a parrot,'I suggest smiling. r.' "'And. this?'--' That must be a rose.' , S O'rose whlio dares to naime thee ?' Are you fond of "n'eleivork: M s Des'mode .? i?': 'Not very:°. I allow feelingait a disgrace e not to like the sole orthodox employment of : my sex. E Not evoen the embroidery .of High u Cnrch altar-cloths and hassocks, and the f liko?e 'I am not High Chuich : 'Are you not ? I ani'surprised to' :ler t that. e ' I..doii't think the people: about here .'bc-' i long to any church. 1 have never been ':o any church, nor- heard of aEly .church.,' I e Have :never been , to any ?:church,' since I. . came here.' : ' There is no church nearer than -urton, n and that is five miles away: We ;-used-, to a have a chaplaini at :Bramble. Hall in: the? . good. old times, and . all . the country-people e about came ihero to church.' >:i :. . .-Here -to the house?: ' To the chapel. Have,you never :seen the chapel P ` No, nor even heard of it o 'You:inmet see it. :Dick, don't you think , you are teasing Miss Desmonde ?' S.Richard, who has climbed to .the summit r of my high-backed. chii;, is not of opinion · that he is teasing me '.: 'Get down, sir' ' s The boy showing no signs .of obedienie, , Mr-i Liddel ..alks over,': :and ':with one swing' of his arm eots him down;upou. his feet on the flooi*t ?ny idea of, rebellion [ is nipped in.the bud by. one glance into, his uncle s face; there he sees such unmistakable Sproof of having found his '-iaster ; thbt. he .walks back to the rug: froxwning wiithout u another word. •' ' ; :" ' ' S' My eeother spoils him,' Mr Liddel says: s lookirg af tr. him with a shrug. :.'If I were e here;, I wold teach him obediece..e :r 'You can beigir noy. 'It is scarcely worth whiles::iniioi 'Iam 6 ofE again in a 'few days.'.: ' :-So soon I?' I exclaim thinking of hibi amother r ' Yeis, so soon. : "It seems a pity, I say gravely, lookiug round the beautiful old room. ' 1 suppose it is. lit y.' Blti n':othing could iniduce me to i live. hier?except ,one Stlhinig; ,and :I hop' that Wvill ne oer happen I while I am alive. ii i . And thatt ? "I do not hesitate .o inquisre. He looked itito nmy eyes foir .a' momen't hlb'fodie aiiieritig, and his .eyObrowvis co:i tiact. Thea he begins to laugb. 'lI believe you .think- I ri·a sligtly demented,' hi says, walking away itbo the vindow, ' but: I- assure yoxt that: is not ithe case; We Liddels :never go mad;, but :vie are hotrilly obstinate. Do you;i know our motto? ' :' I dare "ay I lhav seeh it;, but I fagot.'"I ': .It is shoirt and sweet--"I will. " [To te CoNrinUo.] 