IN SOUTH AFRICA. THIS CLKANINO VP. A military correspondent writes ns fel lows In the "Westminster flmn-tle,” on a subject which la at this juncture of the -realist possible Interest; From every part of flic theatre of war ’ comes news Indicating that the resistance of the Boers Is everywhere h'-aa nhiv., that their armed forces tire disintegrating, and that our troops ore at last carrying all be fore then, mid not only clearing out their enemy from one position alter another, but also making Important raptures’ of ammunition, entile and waggons. Any hour may, 1 think, bring In the news of Botha’s surrender, which would- certainly bo quickly followed by that "f the other loaders still gallantly elirtcimiring to lualntiihi a. hopeless resistance. With Ivomatl Boort 111 our hands, as It should he within a very short time, their hint channel of communication with their friends outside will lie closed, the last safe avenue by which the fugitives could reach safety will be sealed up, and the expenditure of the supplies, wideh can not he obtained locally,nml wlihout which modern war cannot he sustained, must, shortly compel a cessation hostilities. ■ TllHGUElllL-UWAll, For some time it has not been iliffloult to foresee that the end wan approaching, but we must not yet jump to the conclu sion that even with the surrondoi' of l.lothn and Be Wot, events which may possibly be stilt comparatively' distant, our difficulties will quickly come to art end. It is.I tldnk, only to be expected that a considerable number of stubborn and irreconcilable bundlers, augmented by the more desperate of the foreign con tingent, will endeavor to continue tho struggle, even when their recognised leaders have practically admllled Us fu tility. and these Irreconcilable* moving ■about the country in small hands, draw ing their supplies by terrorism and Intim idation from the fanners unwilling to assist them, will endeavor to • raid our communications, to cut up our convoys, to snipe Into inir camps, and generally to do as much 'mischief as Is In their power. The shortage of sup plies will soon prevent them from em ploying artillery, but If they revert to their Martinis and to black powder; they will be able to keep themselves supplied with ammunition for some time longer. To copo with this guerilla war fare we shall have to post Infantry gar risons all along the railways, to hold the morn Important drifts, and to seal up the most convenient passi s, while actively attacking the raiders by the duenna of lightly equipped columns off mounted : troops. Fortunately wo have now In .South Africa a large number of men fully the equal to the Boers at this particular form of warfare, and wo have also many officers of wide ex perience and proved ability who will give no points away and who may bo I relied upon to deal with the situation In the most effective manner. But tho work will ho costly, difficult, mid dan gerous, and when .tho last band is broken up and the last raider captured, tho situation will not even then ho In any sense satisfactory. The enemy will only yield to superior force (Irmly ap plied, there will be no ready acknow ledgement of our superiority, no .deslra to settle down as loyal subjects of the Queen; but wo shall meet with a more sullen acquiescence In their defeat tempered by tile secret Intention to res ume the struggle on the first favorable opportunity. So long ns our hands are free, anil we are not confronted with tho difficulties and dangers elsewhere,, so long shall we have peace In South Africa; but the appearance of any for midable menace to the British Empires In any other part of the world, and from any .part of the world tills menace may come at any moment, will Infallibly bo the signal for a recrudescence of trouble In the conquered Republics. LEARNING LESSONS. There is one very satisfactory fea ture about the recent lighting; though' time after time we hear of our troops’ having to attack a very strongly-posted enemy over difficult ground, and oc casionally over quite open ground, and:' though wo hear on each occasion they were exposed to a heavy anil sustained ride and artillery lire, yet happily our number of casualties Is in every engage ment less anil less. I take It that this can only mean that our leaders are mown far more expert than formerly In til a lianillljig of their troops, mid that tho I men themselves understand In a. manner they never did before hour, to avail themselves to the utmost of'the cover from tiro afforded by the hiequallr ties of the ground. At the beginning of; the war we used to luugli at tho Boev reports of casualties; In mi action in which wo had lost hundreds we used to be gravely assured that the enemy had: hud only two or three burghers klllerd, nnd four or live wounded; wo are now beginning to understand that it Is quite possible that these casualty rolls of tho Iioers were not quite tho fabrications we at (list, assumed them, as wo have? discovered for ourselves that It 1b qulto posslbla for skilful troops to live fori hours under a heavy fire—and on the; 'offensive, always more costly than thoi defensive—with.an extremely small peer; eentage of loss. At the beginning of: the war—hampered by our recollections: of our llold-duys nt Aldershot mid Salis bury Plain, which always conveniently*, ended by dinner time, und. In which no attack ever took longer than some'three or four bourn from Btart to finish, wq rushed at our objective like a bull at ;tt gate and suffered accordingly- • Now-we understand that no position pail be wrested from the hands of a defender, armed with modern weapons .in a short forenoon's work, and to advance In the old way Is simply to court annihilation, and that a day Is well spent which elpses with the attackers established, some few hundred yards nearer to theic enepiy’H lines than they had been at, sunrise. It will bn Interesting to sea how these experiences of ours will bo 'translated Into cold print In tho next drill-book, stlil more interesting to sea, our next manteuvres in wliloh the op posing forces are commanded by officers: with long South African experience. ,, ; The "Gaulols" vouches for the acourn'c^ of tho followlng'ghost story. Three.'.geiiji tlemen were walking and chatting, alongf the Bale de Boulogne, wiieii suddenly pitt} of them, overcome by a mysterious Influ ence; stopped short and ceased 'talking, ' Over Ills senses a cloud descended, Ttya scene of the Bols wont from before liid eyes, the. sounds of his friends'' voided from his ears. Only was he conscious of being in the midst of a vast and barren, place, upon which there slowly appeared a coffin, In which lay his sister, dead* The vision faded from his mind, and hid recovered consciousness to And his friends 'blaring, at him In’ alarm, while he waa-= shaking as though with cold, Alarni<& he hastened to the telegraph' office ’ atid wired to Inquire the state of his slStpr'g health. She was some 8000 miles: froitf Paris,' and when the reply came to':hja.' telegram it stated Hint she had (hed'Uig very moment he was—as the nieasagW pddly puts it—1’Eelzoa with the v)sIpni|P . A , Stupid Animal, — SJdltli: >Papa'ej: nwfnl itindl Ho unchained the dog fe, night, apd , . wlutt do ’ you .think , tho stupid hruto did?” : Oholly; “Aw-wimfe did tho fool, dor*, Edith; “Why.r'hdi. ’Vfcnt and bit, three awfully pice, poonli before you got here," ‘;a | 