Mr St. John Brodrick- The grave situation in the Far East has made Mr St John Brodrick. Under- Secretary for Foreign Affaire, ene of the most attesting men of the day. Mr Brodrick entered Parliament in 1880. He bad practiced publu speaking as president of the Oxford Union* and was known through his vigorous fojitiviim as ' Prime Minister Brodrick.' In the Government of 1887, Mr Brodrick was given office as Financial Secretary te tbe War Offiee. He has a smart pen for controversy, a brisk and breeey platform style, bat he has never succeeded in making himself quite at home in Parliamentary debate. Mr Brcdriok iB otherwise unhampered with traditions. He is not smart after the style of his predecessor at the Fjoreign Offiee, and never ventures into epigram br talks of 'an intelligent anticipation of events.' He iB not magnificent in trifles like his sueoessor in the War Office. Mr 8t John Brcdriok, M.P. for Guildford, waB firat really heard of one night in Joly, 1895\. The distinc'ioa, such as it was, ot bringing down Lird Rowbery's Go- vernment on the Cordite Vote is claimed equally by Mr HaBbury and Mr Brodrick. Bnt the credit or otherwise of the direct in tiativo would appear to have balanced to the then ex Financial Secretary to tbe War Office. On Lord Salisbury returning to power as tne immediate resolt of this unexpected achievement, Mr Brodrick was appointed very appropriately Under-Secretary of State for War. When, on ths appointment of Mr George Omz n to tbe Governor- Generalship of India, a vacancy oocurred in the Foreign Office, Mr Brodrick wa9 appointed to fill i*. Mr Brodrick, who is ia bis 44'.h year, bas tever, eo far, been in tbe centre of * a scene.' He is not a cynic; and if as a debater he doeB not elevate the House wilh lofty ideas, or tickle it with sly sarcasms, he is always worth healing, and in a Front Btmh senBe, safe.— ' Globe.' Has anybody any idea of the money that has b3en sank in private enterprises for the Paris exhibition ? Certified oapital runs to iast on £2,500,000, and this does not include a dczen or more instances of private enterprise. The rolling platform got its money on the assumption that 40 pec oeat of the visitors wjuld use it. «Their shares are far from par today. G rand Roue shares are to be had for a song ; the Hippodrome is not a financial sucsess ; Columbia is closed; tha exhibition of 4 Paris in 1400' has yielded up the ghost, and in variouB directions 51 bankruptcies have been declared. Never in the woild's history of exhibitions has there been such a magnificent show ; but for some reason or another it will not boom. The 4 Grand Old Man' of China, Li Hung Chang, is tbe greatest statesman in Asia. Li is enormously rich. He haa gained his wealth, says the 4 King,' by usuary and every other kind of extortion. No man has probably run the risk of losing his head more often than this wily Chinee ; bat on one oesasion, when sent for for the purpose of execution, he arrived with an army of 10,000 men, which so upset his would be destroyers' calculations that they presented him with bis yellow jacket instead. Li Hung Chang is close on 80 today, but be still stands 6ft in his shoe?, and holds himself like the son of Anak that he is. Ia tbe House of Assembly, Cape Town, on July 27, Mr Ibaing scathingly denounced the Bond, and spoke'of 'that infamous person, ex President Steyn,' whereupon Mr Merriman piotested. Mr Laing retorted amidst cheers : 4 1 call any man infamous who orders tbe invasion of any of the Queen's dominions, and is a party to the most impudent and insolent message ever addressed to her.' 