King and His Court. Sermon By Bev. 0. H. Spdhgeon. " Mine eyes shall be upon the faithful of <the land, that they may dwell with me; ho that walketh in a perfect way, he shall «erve me."— Psalm ci. 6. ' DAVID is going to be king, and these are the resolutions that he makes before he ascends the throne. He meant that he would look out the best men in the nation, , and that he would take care of them, and give them offices'about his court, so /that he might have his work well clone, that his people might De judged by wise and right eous men, and all the af fairs of State should be managed by those who were faithful to God. This was a very proper thing for him to do. And there is no doubt that, in the kingdom of the Son of David, "great David's greater Son," the King of kings and Lord of lords, His eyes' are upon the faithful. He looks upon the faithful among His people, Ho takes them into communion with Himself; and He uses them as His servants in conspicuous and remarkable ways. 1\. First, let us ask, Who are these faith ful men to whom Jesus, our King, will have respect at all times? I answer, they may be known in part by this mark, they are true in their dealings with God. Now, dear friends, such jieople will, in the neat place, always be true in their dealings with men on God's behalf. I think this passage ' hears very pertinently upon the minister, and upon the Sunday-school teacher, and Upon the Christian worker. The eyes of Cnirst are upon the fatihful of the land. If I come here and teach you what I do not believe, or if I conceal what I do be lieve, or if I tell you something which has in it a suppression of the truth, or if I preach . to you orthodox doctrine, while in my own heart I believe something different, I cannot be said to be one of the faithful . of the land. It is a very hard thing always to be faithful with men on God's behalf. I know that it is so even in visiting the sickj one is tempted to begin to comfort some of them when they ought not to be comforted — to say very soft and gentle words to' them because they aro ill, when, perhaps, they have never felt their need of a Saviour, and never been awakened to any Bense of spiritual need. I remember one who was condemned for the action that he thought it right to take. Two or three ' of us had been to see a sick and dying 'man, and lie always welcomed the visitors, and we prayed with him, and told him the Gospel, but we were all under the impres sion that we had produced no effect what ever upon his mind, and that he was pass ing Into another world without any know ledge of his lost estate, and without any ' repentance or faith in Christ. The good man to whom I refer — ho is now in heaven, but I well remember the' reproach that he suffered for what he did — he stood at the ' foot of the bed, and he said, "Friend, you are a deceived man; you are dying, and '1 you. have no well-grounded hope. You al ways say, ' Yes, yes, yes,' to all we say j but my inmost thought of you is that you ' are without God, and without hope, and ' if you die as you are, you will be lost for evof." The man's wife was thunderstruck; so was he ; but when we went to visit him the next day, you should have seen the change that God had. wrought in him! There was a broken- hearted man crying for . mercy, a man in sore trouble and distress .' of bouI. The faithful messenger of God had told him the naked truth; it pained 1dm to do it, but he had been more faith- ful to the sick man than others who had ' spoken very kindly to hisi. Oh, I believe . if we are faithful, so that we are alear of the blood of all men, faithful to the truth, faithful to our own consciences, faithful to the consciences of those with whom we have . to deal, then we are among those of whom the text says, " Mine eyes. Bhall be upon the faithful of the loud, that they may dwell with me." Now, I oarnestly pray every Christian person here, especially in the beginning of life, to look well to tbis . mntter, for the joy of your life, the peace , of your life, the inward rest of your life, 'will much depend under God upon your being faithful to your convictions in every Eoint as God shall help you. The great ling Himself seems to say to-night, ."Mine eyes shall be upon the faithful of the land ; he shall serve Me. He is the man whom \- I pick out for My servant. I will1 put him here, or I will place him there, where 1 am Unable to station some others be- cause they are not clear and straight in their conduct,, and because they are not to be depended upon for loyal obedience to their Lprd and- Master." 2\. But now I want to answer this ques tion, What will the King do with them? David says, " Mine eyes shall be upon tkb .'faithful of the land," and David's Son, the Lord. Jeans Christ, says the same. . What 1 does He mean? Well, .first, 'His searching : eye'will seek t.hctti out. That' dear brother '. ' who is faithtul-to God-'is only a young ap- prentice; but he has been faithful in not breaking the Sabbath. Nobody knows about him, dear young man, but the eyes of the Lord are upon him. There is a working man who, the other day, in the midst of a swearing company, rebuked the blas phemer, and spoke up for Christ. That noble action is not recorded in tho news paper, and never will be; but God's eye is upon tho faithful of the land. There is a poor woman who, the other day, lost a good deal by being straight and honest. No one will report it; nobody will put her down in the legion of honour. Ay,' hut God's eyes are upon the faithful of tlie land ! And when you, through the grace of God, are led to follow Christ faithfully, not wishing to be seen, doing in secret what only God knows, it is reward enough that tho Lord Jesus Christ sees whet you do, and Ho Himself will ono day reward you openly. But then the text, after saying, " Mine eyes' shall be upon the faithful of the land, ' adds, " that they may dwell with me," The faithful shall dwell with God. Oh, this is a choice privilege! I think I see David carrying out this resolution. There is a poor but honest man away down there in Bethlehem ; and David hears of his strict integrity, nnd sends him a letter. "Come to Jerusalem," says the king, "I will make a courtier of you ; I., will make a friend of you. You are the sort of man I want; come and dwell with me." He hears of another poor man, over yonder, who has been ridiculed because he stood up for Jehovah, the God of Israel, when others were inclined to worship some false god. "Come up to Jerusalem," says he; "come to live with me. You are my sort of com pany, for you are one of the faithful ones." Now, that is what the Lord .Tesus Christ says to 'us. He calls us as sinners, but.'Hc. communes with us as saints. He washes us when we are guilty ; but after we are washed, and He has mode us upright in His sight, then He takes us to dwell with Him, He delights in opening His heart to us, and in permitting us to open our heart to Him. Now, if you are not faithful to Christ, you will not be able to commune with Him. If you have done a wrong thing sometimes in your business, or if you have held your tongue, "and not been faith ful in testifying for Christ, when you go 011 your knees at night you will' not be able to find yourself so led out in prayer as you were before, when you were true to Him And when you turn to the Scriptures, in stead of finding them speaking to you, they will seem as if they were dumb; no voice of comfort will come from them. But if you have been faithful and true, and out and out- for Christ, then you shall dwell with Him, you shall abide in Him, and His word shall abide in you. Then it is added : "He shall serve me." The faithful . shall be Christ's servants. I do not know which is. the greater privilege, "He shall dwell with Me," or "He shall serve Mo." Per haps Hie second is the higher. Have you ever thought, beloved friend, what an ho nour it is to be permitted to do anything for God? For God to bless us is great condescension on His part; but for Him to permit us to be of any use to Him, this is a wonderful honour. I believe that there is more honour in being allowed; for the gloty of God, to teach a little Sunday- school child the way of salvation, than there would ho in ruling a whole Empire if it were clone for the glorification of self. The honour does not lie in the act so much as in the motive ; and if the motive be, " I did it unto the Lord," then I stand in the same rank witlf angels — ay, in a line with those Wonderful living creatures that John saw in the Bevelatlon, who reveal the glory of God and continually do Him ser vice. 3\. I am going to close by trying to answor one more question, How may we get among these -faithful ones?. Well, I should say, first, so far as you may be, and so far as your light goes, be faithful to- night. Be lionest in confessing sin/ Be fore you sleep, put yourself before God just as you are.. Have you hitherto neglected religion? Confess it. Or, baths you Pre tended to possess religion whew there was no truth in your profession Confess is. What lias been your sin? Confess it. Kneel by your bedside, and there, God alone seeing you, unveil your heart before Him. You say that He knows all about you ; that is true, and that is a reason why you Should be the more explicit in your confession to Him. Speak freely to God, and rnako Him. as you ought to make Him, your only "Father Confessor." Tell Him that you are lost, .toll Him that you are hard-hearted, toll Him that you are unfeel ing, till Him that you desire to be con verted, but that it is only a faint desire as yet, toll Him all about yourself ; in a word, begin to deal with God on the straight. If you have not done so already, I pray God that you may do so- to-night, and I beseech you to go as far as you can in thia matter. Reveal your poverty, your fll- thiness,- your sin, your, nakedness, your de sert of hell ; only do all honestly, as in the sight of God. -What a wonderful thing it is that men do not like to act thus ; yet, when the grace of God enables them to do it, they are already on the road to sal vation. When the man comes before God with a rope round his neck, confessing that he deserves to die, then there is this hlcsed text to comfort him, "If we confess our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from ail Un righteousness." Well, then, dear friend, next, be anxious to have a new heart and a right spirit. May God make you thu anxious to-night! Remember that there is evil in. us by nature. " All have sinned, and come short of the glory' of God." "The heart is deceitful above all things, and des perately wioked"; nnd before we can be faithful we must be born aguin. No titan will ever be true until the God of Irnih has truly renewed him. Our tendenoy !s to lean either this way or that ; to stand up right is a gift of Divine grace, and none but the Holy Spirit can bestow it upon us. Oh, that we might have a deep anxiety to undergo that wondrous change, that radical and total change of heart which the Saviour describee! when Ho said to Nicodemua, "Ye must be born ngain"! Go to . the Lord with -David's praet, " Create' in me a . clean heart, 0 God; and renew a right spirit within me." Plead that Old -Testament promise, "A. new heart also wilj I give you, and a new spirit will I put within you ; and I will take away the stony heart out of your flesh, and I will give you an heart of flesh." Then, sup posing that you havo come thus far, I' earnestly entreat you, if you would , bo found among the faithful of the land, be sincere in all your dealings with the living God. If you mean to pray, do pray; if you believe . in Jesus,; do not simply say that you believe, but believe ; if you repent do not merely talk of repentance, but re pent. Let everything be thorough and downright. May the Spirit of God Bave you from getting the imitation of spirituality, which will damn you, and may He give you the reality of spiritual life, which will eifee-' tually save you. I believe many aro very much injured by being led to pro fess jeligion when they do not possess it. I charge you -before God, who shall judge the quick and the dead in the day of His appearing, never cheat yourself in this matter, for you are tho only person that you can really cheat for long. God Himself you never can deceive. Make clear, clean, sharp, distinct, decided work of this mat- tor ; or rather, may God the Holy Ghost .work this miracle of mercy in you, for Christ's name's sake ! 