SMEIAND. ? » HEN 'Tess of the D'Urber ^ villes,' now in the height _-_ of its glory, at the Royal, IBF ^ withdrawn, playgoers ll|f will have opportunity of KB again seeing Miss Edith ? ? Crane in her great crea *-^^W rone Power will be Sven gali, an impersonation in which there will be ample scope for his great character abiHly. He . should portray the weird, uncanny, eatxniolook ing mesmeric pianist to the life. 'Rip Van Winkle,' in which, by the wav, ths late- Fred Leslie made a tremendous hit at the Ec-yal Comedy Theatre, Panton-atreet, London, 'w.'il be staged at the Opera House by Mr. Howard VtTEon, late of .the Royal Comic Cpera Cotnpany, to-night. v, Mr. Charles Holloway's production to succeed ''The Power and the Glory,' will tie 'Never Too Late to Mend.' 'The Defender of the Faith,' a ro mantic play of the Elizabethan period, by Chas. Darrell, will also be seen this reason. The cem Ipjiny has been considerably strengthened fcy the return of Miss Dora de WInton and Mr. John D. Saunders. Mr. L. J. Lohr, who will ^manage Mr. Charles 'Arnold's Australasian tour of 'What Happened to Jones,' which will be initiated at the Prin cess Theatre, Melbourne, at Easter, is at present enjoying a well-earned holiday. It is the first 'that he has had for many a long year — what bet ter tribute to his qualities as a manager — and no one will grudge him a short 'spell' before such a busy time as the Arnold season will be. After finishing at Melbourne, the company comes to Sydney and opens at the Palace on June 2. A 1 grand welcome will await both actor and manager. The 'Royal Magazine,' of October, 1899, hag a lengthy article on Ludwig Amann, the protean ar tist, vrho appears at the Criterion Theatre, under Mr. Rickarde's management, for the first time this eiterncon. Among other things, it says: Laidwis Amann was born in Munich in 1S55, At 21 years of age,, he joined the Duke of Meininger's TlDy.il Shaksperian Company, then touring Germany. It rvras not until then that he discovered lite peculiar talent. During his connection with this com pany, he cccasicnaily appeared in special enter tainments, and impersonated prominent people. He .was so successful, that he was often ad vised by his friends to take up this line exclusively. Being a young man, devoted to the interpretation of the divine poet, he at first declined, but at last saw the good thing lie possessed in. wonderfully flexible features, and threw up blank verse for a more remunerative and less arduous calling. Among the characters which he impersonates, the article goes on to say, are Napoleon I., the Duke of Wellington, Dreyfus, Zola, Cecil Rhodes, Kruger, Bismarck, Lord Kit chener, the Prince of Wales, Lord Beaconsfield, 21 r. Gladstone, Dr. Jameson, and the Kaiser. But perhaps his greatest triumph is his marvellous likeness of our Gracious Sovereign, Queen Victo ria. V\'ith the exception of the last-named, which naturally demands more time, each character is prepared in full view of the audience. So little malce-up does Mr. Amann require that the alter ation of the attire and other preparations occupy less than half a minute. The likenesses are said to be marvellous by the world's press, whicii is certainly unanimous on that point. Quite a crop of youthful singers has been, un earthed during the past twelve months, the latest 'Who has compelled the admiration and the recog nition of musical authorities being Miss Kate Con nel!. of Havrera.(N.Z.). Of this young lady, who is but 13 years of age, the 'Wellington Post' of a recent date says: 'Mr. Graham Moore, examiner . for Uie Royal College of Music and Royal Academy : o£ ilusic, has written to the superior of St. Mary's ; Co-.ivant, informing her that Miss Kate Connell, : ?who gained first place in the recent examinations [ v.-;ih honors, has obtained the gold medal for the ; colony. Sir. Moore adds that he was very much pleased with her singing, and gives very high j praise to the teaching, which, he says, must be of j extraordinary capability, for without it it would be '* itd possible to properly develop even the most per- ? feet natural voice. He adds that he has advised : I-iiss Connell's* relatives to allow liar to remain at ; the convent another year, and should her voice ; still maintain its purity and freshness, he strongly i advises a course of study in England and the Con- I tinent, under tha best masters that can be ob- ! tained regardless of expense. Mr. Moore is of ; opinion that Miss Connell's voice is superior to Hiss Amy Castles'.' Mr. George Musgrove afforded a lengthy inter view to a representative of the London 'Era' quite recently, and Mr. Williamson's late part ner, who. it is still stated, will soon take a hand at Eianagement in Australia, drew a few compari sons between Australia and England from a the atrical point of view. Says the interviewer: 'Mr. Musgrove is essentially a man of business, and a business man. He does not seem to have any | fads. He takes a serious view of the world, es- | pecially the theatrical world. The theatre to him is a commercial' institution that wants constant caro and attention. 'Early to work is early to thrive' — that, one may say, is his motto. The English player does not, in his estimation, work half so much as he might — he is, for instance, not nearly so earnest as his Australian brother; and, in a large measure, Mr. Musgrove, who is nothing j if not calm and calculating, proves what he says, j 'I adroit,' he remarks, dwelling on the subject, | 'that the climate differences are very great. In tha | chief cities of Australia — take Melbourne — a man j can't sleep when he hears the birds singing outside I of his v.indow in the beautiful early hours of the ; morning, with the scent of the flowers pervading his room. He wants to be up and doing. Over there we commence our rehearsals at a time when in London we have to leave off. When the day is young wo v.'ork, and devote the afternoon to rest, to holiday and pleasure, if necessary. I am speaking from the actor's point of view. In Lon don most people live out of town, and actors be long to clubs. That means late hours both ends of the twenty-four. That is what strikes an Aus tralian manager most, and in many ways. In London, too, you have such long runs. In Mel bourne, at the Princess's Theatre, which we al ways endeavor to have up to date, to a large extent the stock season prevails, with continual changes. To give you an example. On one occasion the same company who were playing 'Dorothy' were rehearsing 'Faust,' Gounod's 'Faust,' and the night after 'Dorothy' was finished 'Faust' went on and ran for several weeks. You see in Aus tralia the public will have actors and singers, and they have to be versatile. People who rely as much, if not more, upon their personality as on their histrionic abilities, are no good at the Anti podes. If a player is not able to play a variety of .parts there is no room for him,. however clever a man may be. He must essentially be a cha racter actor, and as the actor- manager is practi cally unknown, of course we can pick and choose, and we generally pick the best, and give young English actors over there such opportunities a3 they never get in England. We make many unknown men famous, or almost famous, and the small man frequently conies back a star. If an actor has it in him to make a mark Australia gives him the chance.'1 In 'Jack and the Beanstalk,' the Drury Lane pantomime, in which Miss Nellie Stewart is ap pearing as principal boy, one scene, 'the road to the market,' introduces a novel effect in the way of moving scenery. While the stage is thronged with buyers and sellers in the richest and most fanciful costumes, the sides of the huge picture are subject to continual alteration. Hitherto a stage panorama has gone from left to right, or rice versa; but in Jack and the Beanstalk' it comes from the back to the _-ont, so that the crowds appear. to pass through the market gates, then through the poultry and cattle market, and then through the vegetable, fruit, and flower de partments. This scene, involving a curious me ckcnical cpn'trivance, is calculated to bring about a revolution in the treatment of dramatic situa tions in which the progress of numbers of persons is indicated. To the little village of Keinton, in Somerset, belongs the distinction of being the birthplace of the representative English actor of our gene . ration. Ke was' born in a superior sort of cot tasn of two storey3, with nothing to distinguish it from scores of other modest dwellings of the ETarue class. In design it is as simple as one of the houses which a child draws on its slate with a lew straight strokes. Henry Irving is the only child of Samuel Brodribb, who does not seem to have been a man of strong individuality, and who failed to. achieve a high degree of worldly prosperity,- leave alone distinction. His wife v.\;s a Miss Mary Behenna, one of -six sisters be longing to an old Cornish family. The Brodribbs tlirst.-ucd their son John Henry. It was not until 1S5G that John Henry Brodribb was known o.s 'Henry Irving. By Royal licence, dated June 13, 1SS9, Henry Irving was authorised -to con tinue to use the surname of Irving in addition to and after that of -Brodribb, so. that his full name is now John Henry Brodribb Irvitfg. Mr. and Mrs. Brodribb removed to London, and their son, at the age of 4, was placed under -the care of his Aunt Penberthyj the wile of i, Cornish cap tain of mines, living at Halsetown, a Ismail .'place ?within a mile or so of St. Ives. When Henry Irving was about 11 years old he left Halsetown, and after spending a short time with his parents at Bristol went with them to live in London. As soon as they had settled. down, the Brodribbs arranged for their son to attend a school in George Yard, Lom bard-street, which was directed by a Dr. Pinches. Two years later he entered the office of an East Iritlia merchant, but commerce had. no attractions for him. He developed a passion for the stage, which grew stronger as he increased in years. He joined the City Elocution Class in 1853, and his first appearance has been thus described by one of his fellow members: 'One evening a,, youth cf some flf teen years old presented himself as a new member. His appearance was such as would make ladies say, 'What a nice boy!' He was rather tall for his age,, dressed in a black cloth suit, with, what was called a round jacket, and deep white linen collar .turned over it; his face was very handsome, with a mass of black hair, and eyes bright and flashing with intelligence. He was called upon for his first recitation, and fairly electrified the class with an unusual display of elocutionary skill and dramatic intensity.' Mr. Wilson Barrett since his return to England has not been electrifying the critics in any of his impersonations; but his Hamlet,' which was the origin of much newspaper correspondence in Syd ney, appeares to have impressed the 'Pall Mall Gazette' most unfavorably. The writer sums up the presentation of the play as follows: — 'Mr. Wilson Barrett is not happily inspired by the genius loci in attempting Shakspere at the Ly ceum. A long course of Marcus Superbus is scarcely a fitting preparation for the melancholy Dane, nor are Hamlet's speculations -and soul troubles precisely on the same plane as the trials of Wilfred Denver. Yet very much in the same manner they seemed to us to be treated, and throughout the tragedy Mr. Wilson Barrett gave us the odd impression of a hero of melodrama falsely suspected of his father's murder; but de termined, from the immense heights of his moral superiority, either to live the accusation down by j the power of soliloquy or, at least, suggest by his \ irreproachable attitude to others the extreme like- j lihood of there being somewhere a terrible mis- \ take. In such efforts Mr. Barrett was worthily ; supported by Miss Maud Jeffries as Ophelia. From ; the moment of her entrance, Miss Jeffries bore i ? herself as the tearful sweetheart of the unjustly I accused, foredoomed, if only from the fact of her being cast for the part, to trouble. But Ophelia, . though 'of ladies most unfortunate,' is not a I pleurnicheuse; if she had been, she would never I have gone mad, but taken her misfortunes as part ? merely of the day's work. Among the best-played j parts were the Queen of Miss Alida Cortelyou, j the Laertes of Mr.-Wigney Percival, and the i Gravedigger of Mr. Ambrose Manning. Why Mr. ! J. H. Barnes should have selected the Ghost in j preference to Poloni-is, which he plays so well, j we cannot conceive; nor why it should be thought i necessary to perpetuate the tradition of the late | Mr. Mead in the part, who was wont to rumble ! like a distant train. Actors are liable to forget } that the Ghost is in Purgatory, by no means en j tirely denuded of human attributes, since he still I has power to 'scent the morning air' and has feel ing for the punishment of fire.' A very funny little scene took place recently | before the box office of the Palais Royal (says j the Paris correspondent of 'M.A.P.'). It was the I night of the dress rehearsal of 'Elu des Femmes,' | and the box office clerk had occasion to challenge ; a gentleman passing in. There was something ' vaguely familiar in his features, but the careful ! man at the desk could not quite identify him, so i he said,, politeiy enough, 'Your name, please, I Siri' 'Sarcey.' 'Oh! pardon* me; I am ex | tremely sorry,' said the clerk, consulting his list ! ; with contrite haste. 'Balcony stalls 22 and 23.' j \- And the eldest son of the late Francisque Sareey | 1 went his way. But the humor cf the story lies in I : the fact that the seats allotted him were those of j M. Larroumet, the dramatic critic, who succeeded i : his father on the 'Debats.' Pauvre cher onele! j The pleasant comedy just referred to, 'Elu des ] Femmes,' is doing very good business, and seems booked for a fairly long run. And, by the way, talking of first nights, here is a rather neat Du mas pere story, which was told the other night at the buffet of the Athence. by an old dramatic critic who knew the great man intimately. Sit ting beside Dumas one evening at a premiere, he noticed that bis distinguished neighbor seemed melancholy and abstracted. ? 'You are bored, M. Dumas,' he remarked. 'No,' said Dumas, 'I am not bored, au contraire; but I am somewhere else, so to speak. Voyez-vous, I can't help it; it is too much for me. I am unable to follow any play to the end.' I listen to the first act with keen attention, and then — my mind carries me off for the rest of the evening into the piece that I would make out of it!' XfUVCID Qi. XUUOl^ mil W-= 1UIC1CSLCU 1U CUJ :UI.1~ dent in connection with the Welsh Maie Voice Choir's visit to Windsor Castle. The pr jgra-nuie of their concert was submitted for her Majesty's approval, and on the paper being returned, it was found that one of the pieces, 'The Soldiers' March,' from Gounod's 'Faust,' was marked with a blue pencil. It was intimated' that ' the Queen 'did not like it.' Major Seton, -who was wounded at Stormberg, is the husband cf one of the daughters of the late Her-ry J. Byron, the author of the nevertobefor gotten 'Our Boys.' Mise Byron was married to Major Seton only last May. Mr. Hugo de Bathe, Mrs. Langtry's husband, has gone to join the Mounted Rifles in South Af rica. His brother ifi at present in beleaguered Ladysmith. 'Miss Hobbs,' which succeeded the ill-starred 'Christian' at the Duke of York's The-tre, Lon don, had an excellent premiere, and bids well to be a great draw. The 'Da-ly Chronicle,' writing of the play, says: 'Just that pungency which compensates for much that is riotous farce in Shakspere's 'Taming of the Shr.ew' reecues Mr. Jerome K. Jerome's four-act comedy, 'Miss Hobbs,' trom a charge of slightness. and insuffi= ciency of material to make an evening's amuse ment. The new work, which, a6 much from its excellent acting ae its slender wit, won a decided success, is a modern ad.iat.i.tion of the pretty passion and enchanting piquancy which environs Katherin-e's tempestuous submission to her better nature. And yet Miss Hcbibs ie not a shrew, she. is only a new woman, who, for lack of early as sociation with the sex, has set up a vain and wholly untenable theory that all women are angels, and all men are the antithesis.' 