COURSING. SYDNEY COURSING CLUB. SECOND MEETING. The programme submitted by the Sydney. Cours- ing Club for the first day of the second meeting attracted over 300 people to the plumpton, at Bul- more, and this, too, in threatening weather, The morning was fine that in the afternoon a couple of moderate-fJb.owers.iel!. Thespoit,hnrVflïoc,>noy.bs. classed amongst the best ever seen in New South Wales. The hares were strong, fast, and tricky, the dogs, with no more than one or two exceptions, in excellent condition, and the courses were highly-in- teresting. The club has every reason to be satisfied with the result from a sporting point of view. The National Coursing Association was well represented in the opening course of the Canterbury Stakes the hare favoured Herald in the lead up, but though Pattjo improved her position, the advantage gained by Herald gave the Utter a win in a brilliant course. Bazckc defeated Myee all the way. Commercial ran as game a dog as any on the ground, and beat Llewellyn, a prominent last season's pappy. Marechal Neil and Bird of Paradise had a great " go " to the hare, in which the latter gained a lead of a couple of lengths, and, killing, won. Magpie defeated Nunmccr from slips to cover. Blithesdalo came away from the slips very fast from Quambi, and killing, raised the winning flag. Lyddite secured an advantage of two lengths from Mailboy, and put in some good serviceable work which Mmlboy could not. go out before the have reached cover. Kilmorey justified the odds of 5 to 1 on by winning from Lady Lee all the way, the hare reaching home. Love Wisely and Mischief ran an interesting course. The former led up four lengths) give-and- take work ensued, but Love Wisely held her advantage to the end, the hare escaping. The Rattler Ann Devlin course was one of the best of the day. Ann Devlin was, however, too clever in her game, and finished an excellent course by killing. a bit to one was laid on Sunrise against Pathfinder. Though the latter killed, the former's fine work raised the flag in his favour.. Dunning (G to I on) and Hogan's Ghost ran a moderate course, which the former won. Metagia had a bye. The Fern Hill Stakes next occupied attention. Black, one of the last season's puppies, met the Goulburn crack Darkness, and the former led up by two lengths. Even work ensued, and finally Blnch, killing, won a very fine course Barooga, who is full brother to Hinch, met the speedy and tricky Lord Tennyson, who after loading up cleverly pulled down a good racing hare and won. Propeller and Spy and Cop were slipped to a fast bird, which took them to the top of the ground, I and Propellor gained the verdict The Korn Fair light III course was a very easy one. Fairlight led by about a dozen lengths, and drove the have to cover in the opening? course of the Enfield Makes Misty Bain and My Queen met. The former is owned by Messrs. Marks and Phillips, who were also the owners of the late Busybody, who broke a blood vessel at the recent Rooty Hill meeting, and died from internal hemorrhage the same evening. Misty Rain lod My Queen by five lengths and won Miss Haulm defeated Peppermint by killing a good have. Some surprise was caused by the defeat of Good News by Bowens, the latter securing a highly credit able win, and the same may be said of Lily of the West's victory over Fanny W. Sweet Marie and La Carabine raced together to the hare, and equal work ensuing the whole of the way up the ground to cover the first and only undecided course of the day was witnessed. When coming to slips again La Carabine condition was superior to her opponents in the load up, and she secured a good win Dewy morn defeate 1 Cassandra in a very close contest Want of condition had a lot to do with Waratah It's defeat at the hands of Cuckoo, and Fiume, with an advantage of seven lengths lead from slips lo here and killing, won over Carissima. The first ties of the Canterbury Stakes saw the retirement of Herald, Bird of Paradise, Bhtaesdale, Kilmorey, Lo. o Wisely, and MotsUgia. Ann Devlin heat Love Wisely in a very clever course, to which the Orange representative, though defeated, showed out well, Sunrise was well supported by the Goulburnites, and maintained that confidence by winning over Mota Ingia In the opening event of the first ties of the I'ei 11 Hill Stakes the work of Blues was a treat to those present, he beating that very fast dog Lord 'I eunson. Propoltor's pace was not equal to that of Fairlight III, who will to-day meet Bluett, in the final On yesterday's running the latter appears to have the better chance of raising the winning flag. In the first ties of the Enfield Stakes Misty Rain, Ito woua,Cuckoo,and Carissima suffered defeat. Rowena, who ran so well in her first course, tired, and Lily of the West, by clever work, Bscitrcd the award. The stewards were Slip steward, Mr. J. Wardale; flag steward, Mr. J. B. McMahon ; Gold steward, Mr. T. Oliphant, judge, Mr. J. O'Connell, slipper, Mr. J. Tiampp. The results were as follow -- CAM'llRilUBY STAKES. For 32 all-aged at 22 to Mr. O White's bk b scratch beat Mr. It. Tollard's bk and w b Tattle Mr. It. Devlin's f b Purokc beat Mr. It. Burns ns bk b Myee Mr J. JlatTcrty's bk and w d Commercial best Mr. T. Lougboane'a f d Llewellyn Mr. 1.1 ouirhniuio's r b Bird of Paradise beat Mr. J, Thomas of a Marchal Neil Messrs, Evans and Nicholls' bk and w Magpie beat Mr. J. Mason is r and w b Nun Nicer. Mr F! Brady's blk niitbesiiule beat Mr. J. W. Wilson as far Ciuninbi (Into Danlect) Mr L. Likaman's f d Lyddite boat Mr. B. Pollard's bd ondwiiMnilhoj. Air C White's bk d Kilmorey best Mr. W. Scott's bk b Lady Lee Mr T Louclinanc's bk and w b Love Wisely beat Mr. H B iWs bk b Mischief Mr St Women's of and w b Ann Dollie beat Mr. J. Ahearn s of and w d Keillor Mr D Jones's of and w d Sunrise beat Master W. Our not 's bk and w d Pathfinder. Mr. J Wondliam as of and w d Dummy best Mr. J. H. I UlodioiisbrbHoitan'silliost 1 Mr. R G. Brereton's bk d Metalareis a bye. Tiritlies Jls ckc beat Herald Commercial beat Bird of Paradise. ii prime beat lllithesdiilc. Ijddltc bear Kilmorey Ann Devlin beat Loco Wisely. Sunrise beat Metalugin. Dummy a bye FERN HILL STAKES. Sixteen dear poppies at £2 2s. Messrs Evans and MrdnliR's bed which beat Mr. 3. Cniiiiinçbam'R bit and w d Darkness Mr. 12, II. Hoppers bk d Lord Tennyson beat Messrs. Evans and Nicholls bk d Jnroocn. Air O. Toner s bk and Be d Propeller beat Mr C, Stains bury's bk d Spy and Cope, Mr J. Cunningham's bk and w d fairlight III. beat Mr J. K O'Brien's b and w d Kiora, r-euu-llnul. Hinch here Lord Trouette run-light III. beat Propeller. EVER LD STAKES Sister n bitch puppies at £2 5s. Messrs, Marks and Phillips's bk and w b Misty Morn beat Sir J" K O liners f b My Queen Mr. T. ljou^bnane's bk and w b Miss Haitian beat Mr. J. It jean's r li Peppermint. Air J. Rowan's r and w b Rowena beat Mr J. R. Walsh's t and w b Good News. Mr T Loughnane bk and w b Lily of the West best Mr O. White ? ble to Fanny W M I). Marry f and w b La Carabine beat Mr. J. Wilson is r b Sweet Marie. Mr li D'Arcy's bk and w b Derry Morn beat Messrs. Conlon Brothers bk and w b Cassandra Mr C Pratt's r or of bucket beat Mr. J E. O'Brien's of and 3. b Waratahs Mr It Coombes's b and w b Carissima bent Mr. A. H. Brooks' bk and w b Winnie First Ties. Miss Iranian beat Misty Hills. Lily of the West beat Botany, WA Car blue beat Cuckoo Dewy Morn beat Canssiroa 