MY CHINAMAN. I picked up Ah Lu In Shanghai Al though a mere youth. he had been in the service of an Englishman for some years. He came to me with excellent oredentials. : And I ; had .repenf pf ( .his-bomr ing.' ever ready; :and,Eerved>me:excelleiSfcly: , . When. If came do .Hendon.;l ibrought .Lu with me. Here I-found service than-in-Cliina.';-He'.was.scrupulbuß ly honest, an'dyThadvbhe.,’greatesbt.confi dence in; him: t’Alyfbnsiness-itoOkvme fre quently into\fhe--country.i £ Som’eHm'es I was absent,from towntdays.together... ' I never'. felt .the least-hesitation in fearing Lu alone in. my flat: - . ! knew thatwhen I returned I-should' find every thing: - exactly as.l had left it. Vi" -x v“ ' . : 'lb '.was Araveiling. one:day .that' I -cameacross a queerfcase in f air:fevening paper.- ‘ltwagan acoount.ofa ciftioukrab:. bery in a 'South-svestern‘ ; Subuib. ‘' A' re spectable city'man. going home late'at.night •was waylaid. - HeVdescr&bed; his assailant as a woman inblackv-. The. creature offerf ed something.for sale. - The' man -refused, and passed on. Then, to use is own; words; "something was thrown in his face,”‘.and he lost consciousness. • He' was discovered later on. by a policeman, sitting,on the pave ment, dazed and half.asleep. Hewasun injured, but every Valnable in his-posses: siondiad gone. .;,; ; \- A fortnight later - a-sirnßar-affair ported to •_ have, happeneduin _.a street:, ini Bayswater district. -In this case -the man assaulted 'had grappled'with the Woman,' whom he described as of slender build and youthful 'appearance. vlt.fwas very'dark," however, and be could give .no fudbher des-. cription of her dress or appearance.; The same procedure had been' gone?' through in; this case as in the other. There was the throwing of -powder, the- -unconsciousness,: the discovery by a policeman, and. the dis appearance cf ' money and jewellery.; ; A monbh elapsed, and then came neivspf. a pecurfence, agreeifig in similar -par-; tichlars, ■ haveihapf. pened in-th eVBI b emdbury hei ghborhood. - ! -. The papers mow. (began to take -the-mat-' ter up, and articles.'headed,';" Who is the Mysterious Woman-.'ih_-;Black?’’ r , appeared in several dailies.' r ; Der^Kves'were set to watcli iby the •* dozen, and . privdte ; in'diyi duals joined, in.aiding them. But nothing further happened, interest.began to fade, and the scare stood a .good. chance of fizzling, when London was stirred from its sleep by news that a fourth robbery had taken place in the neighborEoo'd bf : But-' ney. , ; -• •- -r; ; . In this case, the mian .assaulted made a vigorous effort to defend "himself, but the mysterious pewder had'done itswork, and ho had fallen a yidhim .-: exactly as the others had done. , - . London was new really aroused, and .the report of yet-a' fifth case, following closely on the fourth, set Scotland Yard hy the ears, and caused.a run on dealers in loaded canes and revolvers. . ,J' ? . ; : L had- been home some days'when I re ceived a telegram calling me to Birming ham. I told Lu to pack a portmanteau, and telling him T.should not be. baek for a day or two, I hadiedi a cab, and drove full speed, for Eustbn.' There was a -block, caused by a fire, and I arrived in time to see Ithe train steam out of the station. I decided to go by an early train tbe next morning. I therefore booked, my: trunk and returned home. » .- , Taking a el’-rt cut home through some dark and ill-lighted -streets;- I suddenly came face to face with a woman in black, her face partly veiled, .and bolding in her hands a few boxes of matches. In a moment I realised that I was face to face with the Mystery of thei.Moment. Without' a second’s .hesitation I made up my mind how to act. I passed along quick ly and then, wheeled, round v ,1 saw;-her 'hand move to a. little bag Whieli hung sus pended to her wrist, and then with a quick movement she-threw.something, v-I.closed my eyes and mouth, clenched my iibstfils, and making a sideward-movement, escaped the powder. Pretending to be overcome by it, however, I rolled on the pavement. Once down I feigned'insensibility. I soon felt {he creature’s nimble fingers searching my pockets. I did not move a muscle. I scarcely breathed... It was a trying ordeal, but I got through it somehow. ■Having relieved, me of-all--portable pro perty of value she departed, sbfltly and silently as a ghost. Twaited.uniSLsheliad gone some distance and then followed- her. Through street after street I tracked her, always keeping well in the rear. . Pesently, to iny astonishment we emerged into the square in which the'block of . man sions where I resided was situated. • Then , to my horror and astonishment,- the wo man made for my flat, whipped out a key ■and entered. I waited a moment to steady myself, and . then entered.—- - . - - ’-r-. — ■ Ah Lu, smiling a cheerful welcome,, came forward. ~ ;■ -■ ... "Lu,” I said, -speaking in Chinese, "there is a woman in here.” .. • ■ .Lu’s almond eyes opened; and he shook -his head. ■ .. - , . “It’s no good lying. I salw her" come in.” ■ ' Lu’s eyes opened still wider. ’ "Come with'me" I said; ’"and we’ll search the place-together." He ‘came -wil lingly, smiling a smile, of gentle' commise T ration. * . • ’ ■ I.examined every- nook and cranny and found nothing, Lu all,the while sxniling as blandly as ever.'’' It was puzzling. Then -pf a sudden: something fell jingling to the ground. It was a little sovereign-purse which I usually wore attached to my chain. .Lu sawit also, and he'made a grab for it. That gave the thing away. . • ■ . 'With the rapidity of a flash of lightning i solved the faj&xry.; * *■ ( That night'T- handed- Ahlu over to the police. , With him went 'a truck full of feminine-; garments. > and stolen -valuables. .Mine Werenofeuicluded inythe number.- .- ; I am not taking and niore Chinese ser vants, even when accompanied by. thehigh est credentials.—" Pelican.”, .. ... _ ... ., L .. 