THE STORYFELLER EILY'S CONFESSION" f .-...-.. CHAPTER V.-Continued. Leaving the'path"arid llnginig into the 5-wi -yood-at right angles to it, wo, certainly ýdo " find thie ground very swampy underfdot. Wherever Lndiow -leads; -I findmyaelf con strained t'fbollow -riot treading in his footprints exactly, aisce they fill- up' with "'?terthe mioment his boot is withdrawn, at keeping;6on his trail to the best of my iityih : water-: gurgled ,in my .shoes, [at I have no intention of declaring off. I saaPretty well accastomed to such hardship since I came to Seafield, scarcely a-day. pns sing without a sudden slip into- the river,- or into some sAlt-pool-deawnon the shore. The sky isclouding over; there is not a breath of wind; a curious misty moisture is in the air, tlie birds are not singing in the bi:akes aidi thickets i even the topmost bi anches of the-trees are metiorless. I feel- suddenly depressled. ' I think there is. a. sterm coming,' I say Ladlow Gresason, who is striding on befoie me .lhirough brake, brush and.scaur. biolos : ike-it,' he answers laconically. 'Iolb a thuanderstorm ? ' I exclain appre hensiv ly.- -- . . . : ' Oh, no. Asi it.will not come oa just SI fr, ot my dread of a sterm in admira tion of the picture that opens out before meu th1iddi h the winding wood-a: lonely 'forest pool; perhaps half as acre in extent, eur rounded.by great .trees,-the boles--and-.hnuge branches of which are reflected in its surface asrin:a :glass--a- black,: unfathomable ; lake,: smooth as a mill-pond, edged with b-'akes andbrambles and farze, the tangled briars of which. dip into the water, the, yellow blosso'ms of 'whichi lie motioiiless?where they have fallen on the quiet surfae . . .' What db you think you will catoh-? I ask, ai-fiTdlor, takes up his position at the water's edge, and throws his line. \--'--- 'Pike,' he answers. c ~C I stand at'some distance watching : him, "his 'tall 'figure; his dark handsome face. Below him lies his denble in the water, dis tinct as a photograph. ' How horrid it would be to fall in,' I say, finding'it. impossible to hold my tongueno for fiare'tha` a'aMinute.' 'It l]oks as deep az ( I- ist very, (leep.-? They say i aboat here t thereas;no bottomlto it:' ' I dont like the look of it '-with a kind of'.imorbid fascination staring down at. the inky surface. '. ,: Pity you came then,' -Mr' Greson. says S.. suggestively. S'.1 can -fancy all kinds of horrid eels wrig \- gling about at the bottom, and hideious fish, \--- '; and black 'leeches I' say, wouldn't it be r : 'horrid to. fall in and be caught by a - big PikeW .,You d better not go too sear the edge, then. 'I Ithink it will haunt me a :.night,' I go ... on, still gazing down- at the :still surface. ' I always. had. a horror of bog-holes and mill . dams and of reading of deep black lakes in , caverns, and snobuch . shoereless waters. I'm I'- s "orry Icame here. ' '=. so;"• ' c hSo "am .I,' 'eMr' Gresson adds heartily, : .sice you won't .hold year tongue. How do you think I can catch- fish if you- keep en S talking at the top pf your voice ?' ' It is not at the top of my voice.' . Feelingaggrie'ved I wander awa~y a little, to a bridge which spans the'pon?d at its nar rowest point, made of two or three slippery,' ivy-grown planksi,withhsa single rough pine' spar 'by way oflhandrail. zf i., ·'Don't. cioss'the pond,' Ludlow calls after i;::*::-"me ;. "the bridge is as rotten as tinder.' - S .'f I' fell in and were drowned, I wonder ! ''f I should haunit this pond.' '". ' You .wouldn't be the first in the market,' ":-.. r ,'Gresson remarks coolly. 'It is haunted ;:already. Some fellow came here with his sweetheart,.and she was jealous or some .....- ,.thing, and gave'him a shove, and he fell in.' \- -".'- ' Really and truly ? ' '. 1 believe so. Anypay, she came back w ithont 'him, and bhe !'was nevert heard of afterwards. Good way to get rid of him, w , asn't it?' it I do not think it was a very good way. Neither is it exactly the place by which I : -r : would choose to ramble with my lover. . At the farther 'side, beyond a mass of dense evergreens, .appears the top of an i. 'ancie,,-an i:.. ?:. w b. wAllp.. as grown and ,r weather- stained, and there see8?n. t b-Pi? " "' kind of- path among the laurels, perhaps leading to a door in the same. 'WThat is in there?' Iask, indicating the wall to my companion. ' Mrs Liddel's flower-garden,. I believe,. but I was iever inside it.' ' I should like to see it. , She asked menmto go to see her some day.' ' Will you shut up P' hlie exclaims very roughly. - '1 ired of watching him, I step on to the bridge and lean'over the pine rail, staring down at my own outline, darkly defined on the black" surface against :a :.baekgretirid of. twigs and branlches laced over a gray sky. ' Don't fall in,' Ludlow cries out, turning lii:lheacd toobiserie iiy-ibere#klihiouts. I have no intbotih 'of falling in,. though I. w6iditler hi6h' sholld feel if 1 did plunge head over heels intothel horrid black water. Sholdd I -sink .at-'once to unfathomable depths, accompanied by a curious escort of hideous wriggling eels and gaping pike and otheir abbminations'? Schiller's' Dive?'" comes into my. head, vith all the ghastly, i"bilaquneous 'things' snapping at him as he went down., I do not like looking at this deep pool, and yet it faseinates nie. . Istare down into it-till my head turns giddy. Theore is a crack-the rail gives way under my elbo ws, or seemins to' give, way--I- feel, that-. 1 am falling-I think I cry out like one in a nightmare, in a faint smothered voice. But I shall never forget?the-leook'of "horror and concern on Ludlow, Gresson's face as lie. turrs it to me. That is the last thiung " remeinber, for in maiiother 'instantithe black w'ateis hiave siucked me down. I fancy I iheariludloi's voice afar off, calling to me' not to be afraid, that he will catch'me wheoii I come up. And after that I suppose I lose. my sensss, for I remember nothing more. x x x I am sitting in the, solitude .of 'an Eliza bethan chamber, wrapped in a dressinggown of crimson quilted satin, Which smells of paper, like furs that have been !put away for the summer. It is late in the evening there is a erackling wood fire on thei hearth.' It-is raining and blowing out of doors, and I am sitting before the fire on a high-backed, chair 'pfEcarved walnut, my feet resting pn a footstool of the same wood. • It is almost dark ; there is not the slightest" sound.in thlin roomi but the noise the fire 'makes and the ticking of the old clock on the! bureau behind me. I am conscious of a rather lan guid' feeling, as of one who has lately re coveied from an illness; but the sensation is not unpleasant. It seems like a dreamd to find myself here, sitting in a grand old. chair of carved wood, wrapped in an antiqui garment,of 'crimson satin,; surrounded by curious fuirniture in ai quaint easemeuted room. Have. I.madeý a sudden sally into realms of Fancy, 'oi'am.I really asleep and dreaming ? )id I really fall into the Black Pool," and did Ludlow Gresson pull me out or did;I really imagine it at all ? I have a 'hazy recollection of coming to myself, of Ludlow's going to Mrs Pryane for brandy, :of Mrs Liddel's coming round iri her Bath chair and carrying me off, like some good fairy. :'I distinctly remember refusing'to go to bed, to be wrapped in hot blankets, or to drink: hot elderberry. nWine, to Prynne's 'great indignation. 'Since then I have been sitting dreamily here before'the fire, while the.' twilight deepened anid the firelight brightened; and Mrs Liddelihas come to see me, and lhas spoken to use,.and I have ans wered her in the same far'off fashion as if she wei'e only paritof the dream. The room I am in is called the IHerald's Roonm --It is hung with drab moreen, fas tened with brass nails. It is low and large and square, with a great many small win dows set deeply in the wall. A huge! antique garde=robe; with- folding-doors and carved centre panels, looms opposite to the windows; standing with its: foot to the fire is. an enormous four-post.bed like a hearse. It. is hung with very ancient tapesty, worked with heraldic devices, a long !motto running round the valence or testoer, with the dato 1590\. rI do notlikedthe idea of sleeping in 'it ; the 'ancieit c'iaved wood is as black as ink-, and the tapestry has faded into one2 dark sombre tint; the counterpane of quilted dark satin looks in this hal~-light just like a pall.' The floor of the room is of dark oak,:polished,.but without caipet ;' the chairs are all of.,carved walnut, cushioned with drab morekn. There is nothing cosy about the place ; it has a bare, frewning look. I could fancy many a Liddel dying in that hearse-like'"bed, and lying. there in state afterwards. I fancy'-tke room has the 'pe culiar odour of a room where a dead body his .lain-but thkat may be imagination. . I am sure there are ghosts in this room too, ,that old. black bureau looks as if it might be full of, them.. Mrs Prynne dispels the shadow by comn ing in" at this moment with' two -candles in tall brass candlesticks, which she :laces 6n the 'mantelpiece, inquiieag at the same time ifI am ready for 'm' tea. ?Being assured on this point, shegoes away, again, to re turn in afew minutes witll a tray haviag a cup and saucer upon it of curious old china, a VWedgewood teapot, cream and sugar in old-fashionid square silver ewer and basin, and.some bread and butter cut as thin as a wafetR. 2 These she places on a table ant, my blbow, iitbhliing inie all the' time;.i She has a remarkable cast in one eye, and it al idays makes me feel uncomforitablni when she looks at me. It is blowing very hard, isn't it ?' I ask uneasily. : r: Protty 'hard"' Mrs Piynne answers grimly. ' Some of them old, trees in the wood will be likely to come down ato 'iiight:' . A pause ensues, While she makes passgs over the'tta things, still oyeing mea. ' And I thinkit is raintig hard too isn't it.P' OfE and on, it is.' I can think of nothing more to say, and stilli Mrs Prynne's'basilisk ey?'e is upon me. I am glad there comes a diversiodn in the shape of a smiall dark .head in tlohe deor way,' and a pair of .dark eyes Peoring cur iously into the room. ' Come in, bMasteir Richaid, and wish this lady good evening.' Rieharddemurs, but Mits Prynno takes hold of him with her bony hand, 'knd draws him into the room; --leisdressed--in black vel-t, anud, with his hair'cut straight over his eyes, his.wido collar and buckled shoes, looks quite in keeping with antique room. SPoor Miss Desmonde fell into the water I Prynne says, by way of awakening his in-" terest. ' How:?' he inquires staring at me. Mrs Prynne tolls him, and also tells him 'ht? "j-', gt.on his great- grandmother's dlouble gown.' .- . '' 'Y Yok;now the picture in hall, Afnst?r Richard-tgie lady -with the dog? That was your.grent-granudother; and, ?he used to=wear that; ?ary satin gow ..' · Why does sheweai it ?' i 'ecanusoeho?;own things were rve, .and your grandmamma's dressing gos n woold not fit her.' : The boy stares. at :ine,- and' I r turn }lhis look withs interest. By degrees his shynesis, or- rather boldness, ??irts ofi ; an before tea:ia over..we are 8_P very' anmlab h terms with eanoh other. I like hls dark do ermined little face ; it reminds me of Delai"cho's pic tare of.the'poor little:pciinees*in th Tower. Jle ineists upon spinning his chamneleon top inmy presence, and tells me a. gre t many anecdotes of the donkey, and of a tartling bird he has in a cage, and other in ~resting objects. ' When Mrs Prynne carries uim off to bud he is as unwilling to 'go as he had been'to conie.................. It is blowing very hard now, tl o wind coming in heavy gusts against the iin'1ews laden .with rain. The trees round t ie house sway and mean wi.h a rushing so nd likes the sound of the sea ; and I feel a vague un rest, as I always do when I hear tkhe wind and-the rain together. To-night .so no .pre "sentiment of coming misforture is qver. me -some inexplicable dread of I kiow not what-. I have always been very saseeptile to.changes in the weather,,.but. 1 have never felt quite like ithis befor-e. I cannot aceount fdr my sensations- ; nothing can hurit .me in this big room, where I sit sunugly jvrkpped up in-my quilted dre.sing-gown, drinking teo out of curious old bliue china, with my feet toasting comfortably bcfore la great' ri?od-fire-; neither is aoty one I card for in any danger-so far as I know-nor, have I any friends at sea. Perhaps I am getting the rheumatic fever Mrs Prynne thieatened me with, when I would not drink her older beiify wine'! M- h'esrt boats fast and low, I shiver in front of a blazing fire ; mny hand shakes as it holds the tea-cup. I feel like one who waits to hear the confirmation of some terrible tidings, every nerve sltrnn- up to endure the horrible suspense. WVhon mlrs Prynne comes into the room for the. tea tray, she looks at me harder than eover. I Lm sure she thiu;ks I' am going to faint; but a sound of loud knocking down stairs takes her attention from me. 'What's that ?' she exclaims, starting. . I don't know,' I answer, though' she had not addressed me. -It codes: again and' te shn hear old Gwilt ,harrying along .the passages. M.is 'Prynne inns out on to the landing, a.id I, not fcoling inclined to lose the fun; wrap my dressing gown round me and hurry after her. She is hangiing over the low oak bahlisters, look ing down into the great hall. Peering oyer her shoulder I see a curious picturo-the door wide open, the old servant holding the4 door in one hand and a flickering light in the 6ther ; in the middle of the half-illuminated halla man in a great-coat,- storm-drenclhcd, standing bare-headed, old Mrs Liddol hang-V iag about his neck. `' It's the master !' Mrs Pryjnne ejaculates ' Heaven be praised !' - [To?s OoxTvrIUsD.] \- I 