CHURCH MISSIONS. WORK IN CHINA. U will be ifmemljorc-d from a jfiirugraph which appeared in "The Herald" at the' time, that just before the close of last year the Rev, A. C. Kellaway, acting secretary ot the Church Missionary Association ot Victoria, proceeded to Tasmania for ihc purpose of stirring up interest In that colony In foreign mission work. In the course of his brief uojoura there the Bishop of Tasmania asked Mr Kellaway to prepare for him a report of the work of the mission In China so that he might publish it for the Information of the church and the general public, Mr Kel laway promised to comply with the re quest, and he has forwarded to Bishop Montgomery thu following interesting paper:— To Tasmania belongs the honor of send ing tho first of the Church Missionary As sociation missionaries lo China, Before the association was established, In 1S92, two ladles had gone from Tasmania and one from Queensland under tho auspice? of the Church of England Zenana Mission ary Society, of which thu Rev. II. Ii. Macartney was the moving spirit In Vic toria. Miss Xlsbet sailed from Hob.irt In 1889, and Miss Stevens In 1891; nnd both are sUU laboring faithfully In the province of Fuh-klen. During thu whole or this time they have been maintained by the Foreign Missions Board of the Young Women's Christian Association of Hobart. In 1S91, Miss M. A. Gordon, of Queensland, sailed from Melbourne and worked under the Rev. R. W. Stewart till called to higher service on the lit of August. 1895. Miss KlngsmUI. sister of Mr !!. Kingsmill, of the Observatory, Hobart, Is also an honorary worker, who went to Foo Chow In 1895, and Is one of Archdeacon Wolfe's trusted workers. The first missionaries accepted by the netyly-formed C.M.A. of Victoria In 1S92 were the Misses Saunders, who, with tholr mother, offered themselves for work un der the Rev. R. W. Stewart. After care ful training, they were sent forth and ren dered valuable assistance to the mission till their death. On the 1st of August, 1S95, a band of Chinese rebels attacked the mission premises and killed the Rev. R. W. and Mrs Stewart and all the ladles working under their superintendence (with one exception), amongJt whom were Miss Gordon and (he Misses Nellie and Lizzie Saunders. On the anniversary of their death In the following year the Zen ana Missionary Society was incorporated with the Church Missionary Association of Victoria, and since that date all Its missionaries have worked under the di rection of the C.M.A. Slncu the amalgamation, one new mis sionary, Mlsa Minna Searle, has gone from Tasmania, and Is now at Deng Dot; seven have gone from Victoria, live of whom are In the Fuh-klen province, one at NIngpo, and another at Canton. During tho same period New South Wales has sent four ladles to Foo Chow and one to Canton, so that the Australian associa tions have now sixteen missionaries In China In addition to Mrs Saunders, who is unattached, but who Is devoting all her energies to the work In Foo Chow, and the Rev. E. J. and Mrs Barnott, who. whilst qualifying themselves for work amongst the Chinese In Victoria, are doing all they can to help Bishop Hoare, of Hong Kong.' The work carried on by these mis sionaries Is of various kinds. Some are engaged in school work. as. for example. Miss Nlsbet. who superintends the Found ling Schools. Others Itinerate in the villages, speaking, as they have oppor tunity to women on tho roadside' and in the towns and villages through which they pass. Others devote their Ume en tirely to Zenana work, visiting the Chi nese ladles in their homes and instruct ing them In the doctrines of our Lord Jesus Christ. Others, again, arc engaged In training native Christians for work as Bible-women nnd luachers. The younger missionaries work under the direction of more experienced ones, and usually In companies of two or more. "Workers in China have many difficul ties. Almost everywhere they are greeted with the epithet "foreign devils." and at times the violence of the mob., /becomes alarming. This artees chiefly from the weakness of the < Government, which Is frequently unnble to cope with ' the violence of armed hands of rebels. Occa sionally these mobs are Instigated by the literati, as, for example. In the recent dis turbances at Klen-nlng, Klen Yang. etc. Almost everywhere the surroundings are unpleasant They havo to do with a people strongly prejudiced ngainst foreigners and tholr teachings; and, although the whole force of Satan's kingdom Is arrayed against them, they go steadily onward, assured of victory through their omnl- potent lender. Those who have gone from these shores bear a high character for Intelligence, In dustry. spirituality," devotion and zeal. Their labors are highly commended by the church's leaders In the field: and their letters are an Inspiration to their friends at home. But, It may bo asked, "What are these sixteen among the millions of China?" God's blessing has rested on them and their fellow-laborers. In the province of Fuh-klen, where miost of them are nt work, the returns published In the year 18S8. 1893 and 1898 show thnt the ndutt baptisms were 167. r.'jft and 744 respec tively. There were 4630 baptised Chris tians in 1888. C486 In 1RM. and 10.639 In 1898\. The total ndheren' « at those periods were 8131. t2,046 and 21.993. In the year following the marsncre nt Ku-cheng, the native church of Fuh-klen. Increased 26 per cent, and native subscriptions were nearly double those of the previous years. Tho native Christians nro full of zeal nnd devotion, and are more aggressive than tlinse In India, J ipan or Africa. A competent witness pays, "Inquirers are being brought In by the scoru every week by the converts themselves. Chlnn has a population nf more than flf.O 000.099. the great majority of whom have never yet heard the Gospel. It has In ten of Its provinces. 982 great cities, of which until n"He recently only 74 h"»d Chrlst'nn teaChcrs. the remaining 90S being without n single witness for Christ. In addition to these Inrce cities, there are thousands of town, nnd villages in all parts of the empire Into which tip servant of Christ has ever entered. It l» esti mated tint at least a m'llkm Chinese die every month without the knowledge of Christ, chin, with nil H« sins and sor rows — Infanticide. fnM-hhid'iig. nplum- cmoklmr rml Idolatry — calls aloud to Christian lamls lo come and help her people nnd mnke known to them the un- "eorchable riches of Christ. Everywhere there Is room for men and women full of f.ilth and of the Holy Ghost. 3Vho will go in Christ's name nnd In His strength to tho help of their s'n-strlcken brothers and sisters In thnt land? 