\- WELCOME TO COLOR-SEE- GEANT LYNCH. A. public welcomo wab tendered , to Oolor-Sorgeant Lynch. at) the Ulverstono Tojvn , Hall, on Wednesday evening, whan the", building waa fillod to overflowing (write'a bur correspondent) by ladles ana Sontlemob, not only resident In the town, at from all over the district. The Ul- voretone and Porter'B bands played alter nate tunes outside tho hall In thoir very best.style- Prompt to tlmo, Mr A. Horsham (ohalrman of the town board) took the chair, with the guest of tho evening on tho right, the lattor, as well as his parents, receiving rounds of applauBo as they passed to their seats. At tho request of the ohalrman, the Rov R. J. do Ooetlogon (chgplaln to tho looal forces) said grace, when Inroads .wore at once .made on tho tea. and ooffoo provided by Mr W. B. flisronauc, a inrgu uuiuuur ul muiuo uaoiau« lag in waiting. After tho repast, tho Chairman Bald it had fallen to his lob to propose tho first toast, and ho did lb with pleasure. It wrb a toast that had beon drunk with onthusl asm at almost every publlo function whero the Union Jack rolgncd supreme during a period of over throo score years, and oaoh .year the enthusiasm had grown stronger. He would ask 'them to drink — "The health of Her MosiTGraciouB Majesty, Queen -Victoria," and he prayed that her bonoficonb reign would long con tinue. (Loud and continued choorlng.) A verso of the National Anthem was Bung followed by mote ohoers. Apologies were read by Br Stuart from Sir E. Braddon, the Hon J H. MoOall, and Mr T. Collott. The Ohalrman wished to propoBO another toast, and In doing so would ask thdm to drink it (In tea) with ohcors, for It was worthy. So much could bo said in support of this toast that it was hard to fiaf on what to say, and what were tho most Important features. They all know that to the strong right arms of tho soldiers and Bailors they owed tho peace, prosperity, and perfeot safety under which they lived. They know that the men in tho British foroes wore second to none In the world in bravery and un selfish devotion to duty. They knew that no foreign nation need ever try to brlbo officers or men. They knew that their bravery in the war now going on in South Africa, where the Tasmaoian contingents were earning nndying fame side by sldo with the British Tommy Atkins, had created a wholesomo fooling of rospeot among the other great nations, and oven impulsive Franco had been more respect ful sinco the Kauguroos and Emus jumped Into war's arena. Ho asked thom to drink to "The British Army and Navy, coupled with the names of "Bobs"aua "Tho bravest man ttiey over met — The toast having boon duly honored with song' aud ohoers, Major H. G. Brown (vice-chairman) said ho was vory gratified with the way tho toast had been reoelvod, and be retnrnod his best thanks for fo 16' was not often the toast was found on tho lists in couutry places, bat latterly people had beon onablcd to see moro of the objeots of tho army and navy; Ab the jnbiloo celebrations in 1897 they got a good Idoa of the navy by coo display uc opuiiuau, <tuu gnvo other nations a good Idea also of what they might have to meot. Ho would have liked to havo given them some idea of the army, bat had not been able to got the figures ; howovor, thoy could calculate, It when they thought of tho fact that Britaiu could still keep an army at homo . and yet Bond- nearly 200,000 troops to South Africa, whilst thoy now also had to MAntmina fhn Iriva nnmhara ftvalkkln In Canada and the Australasian colonies. (Applause.) Some nations had imagined England was nob ready, bnfe they loarnod their mistake. They did nob expect the British Empire to contribute sol diers as it had done. They in Tasmania had ' nob boon able to do very much, their means were too small, but they had done what thoy could, In fiplte of retrenchment. They had got a wonderfully good body of men . for what they had cost, and if Federation came and they were placed on. the same footing as other oolonles, they would nob have the worBb of it. Tasmania would nob bo last. (Applause.) The Tasmanians in South Africa, owing to their fewness, had nob. been able to do very mnoh, bub they had been able to Bhow marvellous results for their numbers. If General French's idea of forming a standing army of 10,000 trained and paid men was adopted in Australia, that army would be ready at all' times, and would compare favorably with any regiment that , could bo pub In the field! particularly for a oertaln class' of work.. Ho again desired to thank all for the toast. (Applause.) The Rev. R. J. do Ooetlogon said ho desired to respond to the toast. As chaplain and captain, to the local forces, ho could claim to bo in touch with tho army, and,' as a certain rolativo of his happened to be an admiral of the fleet, he could claim to be, as lb were, in touch with both arms of the service, tho Army and the Navy. The position of tho British army was unique, for whero tho British could put 100 men into the field, Germany, with herrailitaryautooracy, coold put 800 and Russia could pub 400, whilst the Chinese could pub 700 or 800, though these latter would not bo so well trained as our men. Bub, although that was the case, he thought there was little doubb but that tho hundred British could meet and defeat the three hundred Germans or tho four hundred-Russians. (Applause.) Tho foreign military attAohus in South Africa had reported that British soldiers had performed feats of unexampled heroism there— feats that no other soldiers in the world conld surpass, aud that tho bravery exhibited was seoond to none ever noon in the world. The praise thus uustint- ingly given by critics applied equally to tho Australian soldiors, including their guest (cheers), - and, Boeing that theso words camo from thoso hostile to us, it was a glorious testimony. Ho felb certain the Naval Brigade had also dono great service in tho war, and that moro than once the fortunes of the day had boon turned by them j theroforo, lb was right and fitting to couplo the two branohes in the toast, and his earnest hope was that thoy might always have as gallant soldiers and sailors as the present, and Britain's destinies would be safe. (Ohoers.) Mr O. W. Brown sang, "Soldiors of the Queen." Mr A. It. Ellis proposed— "Our guost," and extended a hearty wolcoino back to \- Tasmania to the returning soldier, and congratulated him upon his safe return. They could honor all thorn who had volunteered and gone to fight for Queon and country, and be was proud to think that thdTasnianiang had worthily, upheld \- the honor of thoir homes;! .Thuir sym pathies went out toOolor-Sergeant .Lynoh, in that he had dono a lot of hard marching, had. put up with hard. Hying, and then, just as they gob to the front, -he was pre vented from participating in the.fighting through being- struck down wlth-'enterlo fever, a more to be dreaded foo than the ballets of the Boers. Then, after weary months in tho hospibd, he had been in valided, homo to Tasmania ; but, though he had nob beon ablo to participate in the fighting, those present thought not tho less of their guest, for it was not Mb fault,. They wero proud to welcome him back, and hoped ..ho .would soon recover hia former strength. (Ohoers.) .. Mr F. Porter supported the iomarks of Mr Ellis. . Ho had been intimately ac quainted with their guest for many years, and he was glad to welcome him baok again. .He was proud to. think their guest returned as a soldier and a . man, (Cheers.) Thoy 'had' 'learned that up to tho tlmo Oolor-Sorgoant Lynch had boon sruok.dowu with fever no had carried opt all his duties faithfully (ohoers), and that was only in aooord with his previous life, for, to tho speaker's knowledge, thoir ghost had always beon prompt bo tlmo, and always energetic and falthfal In tho many matters he waB conneotod with. (Ohoors.) Mr W. J. Stones desired, on behalf of tho Star of tho Sea Lodge, M.U.,I.O.O.F., to oxtond n hearty weloome to Bro Lyuoh. Their guoat had for some fivo years boon a worthy brother of that Order, and had always taken a groat Interest In lodge matters. Ho (tho spuakor) felb proud to say a few words of woloomo on Bro Lynch's roturn. He had left Tasmania to do his duty for Queon And Empire, and for thoso present, (cheers), and ? ho, bad, done that duty manfully until laid aaldo. by fever.; (Ohoers.) Mftior Brown roiteratod his words of wolcomo as spoken on Colonel-Sergeant Lynoh's return last week. Miss Porter sang, " Silvor Rhino." Oolor-Sorgoant Lynch, who npon rising was received with tumultuous . cheora, said ho hardly knew how to reply to all that had been said of him. Ho had expected nothing liko that gathering, it had takon him by surprlso. He had been ono of tho unluoky ones in taking tho fovor, and, though after ho gob better he tried to got baok to tho front, the per mission was refused. All tho othor Tasmanians wore getting on woll, and there were none braver tli vn their contin gent. The Tasmanians had been doing a lot of hard work, wero often sonb out to draw firo on themselves, and thoso present could easily imagino that that was - nob vory safe work. Reference had been made to tho Naval Brigado. Thoir guns wore tho best in coum ivirivit in|nnuauyi ntiu uiii/ iui thein tho British army would have on several occasions boon 'in pretty tight fixes. Before Iho boys landed tho British guns were outranged by tho Boer gons, and several timos tho British had to retire inconsequence ; but tho position was roverscd' when ' tho naval guns ar- arrived. (Applausei) When ho left the Boors wero pretty well knocked out, and tho TaBraanfans had holped in doing lb. (Cheers.) A gleo was glvon by Mr Tovolin's glee Br Stuart proposed—" Success to onr Australasian soldiers in South Africa." Ho felb it a privllego and honor- to proposo tho toast. Ilo' was hot'a'natlvo of Tasmania, but his interests wero hero, And ho felt, as all fdlt, tho deepest in- terosb in uur mon fighting in South AfricA. Tho alliance of the British colonies with tho Homo1 land in tho war had boon a great factor towards promot ing tho respect of foreign nations, and thus ensuring peace. He would ask them to give ringing ohoera for the toast, and would conplo with it the names of Messrs <3\. E. Hays, D. Brothers, and Qutton, who wero present; and Had sons at tho. front. (Loud cheers). Mr .Gurney sang, " The Navy." Mr G. E. Hays returned thanks. He had two sons fighting for tho old flag. Ho was an Englishman, and prond of his Queen, and when his sons wished to go, he placed no obstacle iu the way. Ho was oroiid of them for it. (Ohoers.) His boys, like the others , who had gone, were of true British blood.. (Cheers.) He hoped they would bo brought baok again safely. . Ho was glad to wolcomo Color- Sergeant Lynch back ogaln«v Ho would have gone too — wanted to go, but tho authorities told him his hair was tho wrong color. (Laughter and cheers.) Mr Hutton thanked all present for the toast Ho was pleased to see snob a great gathering. They could t- II sympathise with their returned friend, who had had a hard Btrugglofor. his life. He. would like to see Government' do more for tho de fence force. He, thanked all 4 for , their kindly sympathy towards himself1 and family. He, like Mr Hays, had two aons ab the front fighting for' the old flag. (Cheers). Further remarks were In audible, owing to tho ohooring. Mr D. Brothers, on behalf of his son and 9ther8 ab the front, desired, to thank them all most heartily. (Cheers.) Miss Baxter sang, "Our Jaok's eome home to-day." Mr Nichols proposod—" Success to tho bands." He pointed out how inseparably the mnsio of the bands was bound up with the lives of all Britishers, particularly -in' war time, when the musio led on' the men in fight, and , made 'them . fight . more bravely and' heroically, whilst after the glorlons battlo had been won the sad wailing tones of "The Bead March," helped to soothe the sorrowing com rades as they followed to their last resting place those, who had died for Quoen and country. " In sorrow or joy, the bands helped them, and he hoped the time was v not far distant Iwheh' the war would be over, and the loeal bands would play joyfully to welcome home the rest of their soldiers. (Applause and cheors.) Bandraastor P. D. MaoLaren (of tho Ulverstono Band)I>rlefly returned thanks, and said his band was always willing to assist any worthy objeot. Mr F. Porter (on behalf of Porter's Band) also returned, thanks. Votos of thanks to "The Press" and " The Chairman," proposed by Mr J. H. Frampton, wore carried with cheers, and duly roBDonded'to. 