MARLEY HOUSE. " Don't take that house, sir, if that's what you're a-thiciking of ! " I had just come out of the dilapidated gate of the said house, with the latch key, lent me by tbe agent, in my hand. The speaker was an old man— a gardener, I'm sure, for he was so bent and limped. All gardeners limp — they always manage to chop them selves with a spade, or get a prod with a fork or do something that eogenders a limp— it's their stock-in-trade. I " Good morning, friend," e&id; I, pausing, ' " That is exactly what I am Lhinking of do ing, you see it iB a nice, roomy old house, I with a garden, only it all wants repair, on which account the rent is absurdly cheap. Why, then shouldn't 1 take the house? " " Because it's haunted, sir," said tbe old gardener, drily— " that's why." j I laughed. I did not believe in all that sort j of " rubbish," aB i termed it; at any rate 1 . thought I didn't, and would not for the j world have admitted that I had nerves that might be shaken, or that, like most other folks. I was liable to what I then scornfully ! called superstitions, ignorant fears. So 1 i laughed and shrugged my Bhoulders." Haun- ( ted, forsooth! Oh, I don't believe in all that nonsense, you see." "H'm. Well, sir, I daresay you've a heap more larnin nor mc, but for all that," said the old man, composedly confident, " you'll j find it ain't no nonsense. Nobody can't stop j in it— nor won't you, sir, for all your big j talk. In course the agent wouldn't ray a , word agin it— why is it so cheap?" | " The reason is plain," said I, " the house is in bucIi a state of disrepair; but my workmen—" " Parding me, air, but no workman's been able to get more'n a day's work done. The next morning it's all undone, and some more part of the fabric come down with it." j "What utter rubbish!" I exclaimed, in all tbe indignant pride of offended reason ; 1 " one can see at once that tricks have been played. By Jove, I'll set men to work aod 1 beep watch myself ! " j "Tricks! Lord, sir, there isn't a creature about aU Marley as would go near this house i at night! Play tricks, indeed ! The place is 1 accursed like." " Bab ! what is the story ? " I asked, scoflingly; " a curse on it, you say ? " " Yes, Bir, why not ? The Btory here is that in the last century its owner was a frightful blasphemer and reprobate— worse far than most, and carried on his wickedest deeds in thut house. At last he fell in a duel nigh mortal wounded, and in a great fear of death. So he sent for the priest what he'd scoffed at before, and took a solemn oatli | that if be recovered be'd reform, pall down ' that house of his iniquities, and build a church thcie as a cx-pi-ation (is that light, sir ?) of his sins. But when ho recovered— :«e lie did, like a miracle almost— he broko his oath. He didn't and wouldn't pull down lus house, swore it should never come down, and went on as bad as over. The good priest went to him one night, tliey ray, and never come back, though no one could exactly prove that Sir Richard Marley murdered him, and so he got off. Tliey paid the priest laid the curse of God on' the house and its master, and certain Bure Bir Richard was killed in the midst of a wild orgie by a part of the roof falling on him. You can try your luck, sir, and watch twenty times, but you'll Hod it's true, reason or no reason. Don't take that house, 1 say." I thanked him for his advice aod story, re solved, of course, to go my own way. Such rubbish, forsooth, to frigiiteo an intelligent, reasoning man of tho world, past thirty ! But still, thought 1, though it's absurd about the repairs failing, 1 may as well only lake conditionally on my completing the needful rcuovatiou of Marley House. A vague, disagreeable sensation went l iirough ine when the ageot readily consented to this proviso, but I shook off the fooling, and gave ray orders to a London builder. I went myself down to Marley the day after the materials for scaffolding, &c.;, and men with a foreman had departed. The firet day's work was to erect scaffold ing in the front up to the second htorcy (the house had only two), at least so far as tliev could in the first day, and I hey got on well —good, sound work. No sort of jerry work, I knew, with McsBrs. — — . The next morning, when I went over from the village, 1 found the foreman Jiiocli vexed, and 1 learnt, with another disagreeable thrill, that in the night n heavy piece of coping- stone from an upper window had fallen down and damaged part of the scaffolding; the men were now repairing this before they could proceed. The coping lay before iny eyes, and I could sec tbe place whence it had fallen. I went away angry and npset. If anyone were doing this— by Jove, I would soon find out, and turn tho tables. Next morning 1 found, with secret conster nation, that another dislodgment and dam- age had taken place. Tho foreman said lie feared the house was in a worse state than their surveyor liad thought. 44 Wc can't get on a bit, at this rate, sir," he said, " 1 think," I answered, 44 that somepne in the village is playing a trick, but tliey shall pay for it. We'll see what to-morrow brings anyhow" I said nothing of my intentions to anybody, lest the unknown enemy should attempt to play mo n trick also. I merely told my innkeeper that I should oot bo back till the next day, and after a late dinner or early supper, which you please, 1 provided myself with biscuits aud a pocket flask of mixed brandy, aod departed for my watch. It was ten o'clock when I let myself into Marley House, aod the first thing 1 did was to search every room and nook, by aid of the brilliant moonlight that shone in through the windows and a small lantern I had brought. There wus not a Jiving thing about save myself; even rata and mice had deserted the house long ago. Finally I come back to the big dining room io front, and sat down in a window scat to keep ray Bentinel- lifce watch. It was dreary work, I am frco to confess, and. despite my philosophy and sceptical wisdom, 1 could not shake off a disagreeable recalling of all tho old gardener liad said, with the quiut weight of his own simple, absolute belief in the story. I got to start at every crack or creak of the old woodwork, and tried not to laugh at my ow n nervous folly — not aloud, remember— somehow J did oot particularly desire to hear the hollow echo of my own laugh or voice. Twelve o'clock by my watch. I was almost painfully sleepless now, with an increasing internal excitement, that strong my nerves up each minute to a yet greater tension, llalf-p&st; twelve— one o'clock ; 1 hear it across tbe still country from the distant dock of Marley Church. 44 I'm a fool to stayoo," I muttered, angry with myself for the horrid creepy feeling that would persistently come over me. 44 There is nothing at &H; trick o— or anything else; bits of old coping fell — that's all— loosened by — hark ! what is that !" I slopped with a sudden paralysing sen sation of horror, that froze my blood and made my flesh creep. The muffled, stealthy tread, it seemed, of ' uodreds of feet coming on— on, every moment. Was I dreaming or going mad? Did I only fancy that I saw that iotangibled&rk; crowd of a past century, with set, gl lastly faces, pressing onwards as I— \- gazed — swarming up the ladder, the scaffold poles, in at the window, up to the roof, striking with hatchets at wood and stone aod brick as they went? Was it— Great Heavens 1 that was not fancy — that sudden crash of falling timber and roar of tumbling , walls without, within, above, around! With one awful cry that broke the spell, I rusbed forth into the open blindly, through the clouds of dust and de&feniog; roar; as the | whole building fell, io, a mass of rninB, be- 1 hind me. | I could never have told how I got back to the inn; and the landlord, who let me in, told me afterwards that 1 44 looked awful — : as if you had seen a ghost, sir!" ! For weeks my nervous system felt shat- I tared, but at the time the only creature 1 told of my horrible night's experience was the ' old gardener. "Ah, sir," he said, 44 it's what I ex pected, as 1 tolled yc. Nobody couldn't build up that place, as was cursed by a broken 1 oath and the murder of a holy priest. I knew what it was directly 1 went along there about five that morniog, and see the old den of iniquity a mass of ruins. " 44 You saw it first?" I exclaimed. 44 Oh, yes, sir. I went each morning after you Bet the men to work, and 1 raw tho damage first each time. There'll have to be a church, or maybe village hospital, built there, if the bit of l&nd; is ever to be built on I at all." | 44 A good work wonld be an expiation," I answered with grave reverence. I am a 1 scoffer no more!" The End. 