CHAPTER JULXiX. Ike A VERGING Voice. arrived tlie previous afternoon, to stay at Compton Hall All was in readiness for, & quiet private ceremony, the hour fixed, and the place stated in the special licence thpj had succeeded in securing. v ' 3fr. Morrow had during a confidential in terview with Mr. Spong, who consented to read the service',, explained the necessity for avoiding a. public wedding. His daugh • ter's nerves were alarmingly shaken by the murder of the late Mr. Leach.' She was not in a fit condition to endure the ordeal of being gaped at by the tenants on the estate and anyone who chose to attend the service. •'She would be sure to break down, for any excitement lately or extra strain has brought on faintness. The London doctors are unanimous in prescribing for her a long sea voyage," John Morrow declared in con versation to the sympathetic Mr. Spong. *'I shall try and persuade her husband to take her to Australia. Cristina yearns to re-visit the old home, and I shortly intend making a pilgrimage thither, in order to fooi; again on my dear wife's, grave." • At this point the talented humbug wiped ywar a Ming tear which brimmed np at the mention of his imaginaiy; spouse. And Mr. Spong believed it all, without the shadow of a doubt in Mr. MorrowV sin cerity. * ! No .bridegroom ever arose on his wed ding morning with so light & heart as Cristina's lover. His face at breakfast was like a ray of sunshine, for at last he was about to win for his own'one of the fairest women on God's earthl "Little did' he dream Jof the base corruption which lay beneath this whited sepulchre! He felt no shadow bf a presentiment to warn him from his fate, only his heart beat quicker for joy, as he rushed gladly to destruction. John Morrow's face that morning proved a perfect pietare of smug satisfaction. His heavy frame seemed to swell with gratifica tion as he surveyed the happy man about to claim Cristina's hand. Albert, too, could hardly restrain his high spirits,' at having captured so large a prize. Cristina was calm, smiling, beautifulas ever in her" clinging .morning gown. No trace of suppressed excitement revealed it self in her manner. "It lias all come in the-order of tlimgs, clie said to Albert, when-be inquired as to be? state *of mind. "I am not going to allow myself , to worry, my looks are too precious for that, and nothing is so destruc tive to appearance. I can't tell you what a relief it is to be leaving this unlucky house, when I drive away this afternoon . I shall not look back with a single sigh of regret, though' it will probably be the last tups I shaQ ever set eyes on Compeon HalL Instead, I shall feel more inclined to shout for very joy and snap my fingers at the evil genius who has attacked us with such vehemence since we came here. *If I could bring myself to believe in ghosts, I should car one of the Ashford ancestors had been working against us from the first; but I do not-think, a spirit could have delivered Jaker and the 'Purple Heather1 into the hands of the oppressors. Poor fellows! Their plight haunts me. It is not a plea Bant wedding day reflection to dwell upon their sufferings, and.to fpel how neariy .we might have stood in .the same'box!", "My dear Cristini/1 should have thought you were old.enough, and sufficiently sen sible, not to waste your pity upon others. Keep It for yourself when the time conies. Some day you may heed it—who knows?" Cristhia mov^d away, with these unplea sant words ringing in her ears. She'had listened to Monte's rhapsodies, -till they sickened her—to John Morrow's chuckles—, and now to Albert's grim retort. "What a set I aan thrown1 amongst!" she muttered. "After all, even .with my beauty, I am a slave and powerless'to.go my own way. JBufc. after this is oyer,, when John Morrow has swept the encumbrance from any side, and paid me off with my own money, then—then—for liberty!" A deep sigh broke from her lips, and • with the thought of the future bracing her amnd, she went to adorn' herself for the marriage ceremony. In spite of the privacy an which she was to be united to Monte \- fiore, she had promised to dress in white, at his especial request. "All in pure white," he pleaded, "like seme exquisite lily. To dwell with you will seem to me like being constantly in the presence of a lovely flower." . So she agreod, her feminine instinct tell ing her she looked fairer without a touch of colour, in the dead white of the lily. John Morrow came to fetch "her from her room when she was ready, and smiled upon the dazzling creature who*emerged, clothed in spotless garments of irreproachable make.* Together tter 'descended; the grand old staircase,.'and entered ttc:'brQad: picture gallery, passing;by the Ashfozd ancestors, towards-the Oak Room. ' • . The tables of knick-knacks had been placed on one side, and the whole' apart ment looked altered.'' In the centre stood Mr. Spong, book in hand, awaiting the bride, and close to him the eager, happy bridegroom, supported by Albert Morrowi A mass of white flowers sntroonded the little bridal party, rearing their fragrant blossoms from pots and vases, while palms: overshadowed the spot where the bride and bridegroom were to stand. To please a strange wbim of Crist ina's the blinds had been drawn, shutting oat the brilliant morning son, while artificial light was sap plied by a set of handsomely wrought gold , candelabra. In the dnnngroam below, the ; wedding breakfast was already laid,' the fine solid gold plate of the. Ashfords. being I used for * the occasion, while placed on show were four Charles H.. flagons of mag nificent silver repousse. As Cristina entered the • Impromptu chapel, with eyes modestly cast down, ; Montefiore realised that the moment of su premo joy and triumph had come for him. Ho could hardly resist rushing forward; bat refrained, remembering the presence of a stranger in Mr. Spong. 6h< advanced slowly, leaning on Mr. Morrow's arm. Then | the opening words of the service broke the [ silence, as together Cristina Leach and Mon tefiore Isaacs stood before the large book, i which Mr. Spong balanced on the fiat of Lis hand. A reverent little gathering it ; appeared to be to the outward eye, in the old-world room, with its ever-abiding fas cination. . Me. Spong felt deeply impressed, for he always experienced a certain sensation of awe 'when he entered the noble building which for centuries' had harboured the oldest family in the county. TT1« voice took a fuller tone, and rang out with the deep sound of a beU, as he uttered the solemn words: "I require' and charge you both, afi yo will answer at the dreadful Bay of Judg ment, when the secrets of all hearts shall be • disclosed, that- if either of you know any impediment why ye may not be law folly joined together in matrimony, ye do now confess it. For be ye well assured that so many as ar&coupled; together other wise than God's Word doth allow are not joined together.1 by God, neither is their matrimony lawful" - • . A momentary rpause, and then another voice, and a voice only, vibrated .through the air, in low hoarse accents, shaken by ertotion: " I forbid tins cursai union. ~ I, Edward Leach. My blood calls from the ground in protest- Tins holy service is hut a mockery, huiiedfbefore the Throne of the Almighty in scorn'and derision by the child-\ ren of Hell. Stand back ye men of God who have- gathered here with believing hearts, and touch not these three loathsome reptiles who trail their poison across the earth. John and Albert Morrow, Cristina, any once wife, • I condemn you from the grave! Your fingers are dyed red with my blood, sacrificed to the god you worship and serve—the great god Mammon who go« yents your souis, making you the ■ brutes j that you are. No longer shall you bow the knee before him, no longer shall you spread ] evil throughout the realm, for the end is; at hand, condemnation awaitetb, retribn- j tion falls 1 Weep and wail, the hour ap;' proachetk. Descend into the pit which you have dug for others. The sword of "the Lord has risen to shield the defenceless. Your victim, your bridegroom, shall be de livered from the snare of the- fowler!" j An awe-inspiring moment of silence fol lowed this ghostly protest, while ' every ! nerve* in the listeners bodies racked '.with agonised suspense and hoiTor. Lips were ■ parted, but,burning throats arrested the] rising cries of terror, and struck stillness] into each petrified souL With creeping flesh and bloodshot eyes they stared around the haunted.room, expecting to see the] awful figure approach, clothed in its1 shroud, from, beneath the earth. But no : sound, not even the rustle of an angel's] wing, nor the flashing spirit light of me-! diumistic flfene, flitted-- across the. carved I ceiling.. .; •.- I . Appalled; unmanned,/."astounded, the] bridegroom held /his breath and felt his! teeth-'chatter. Was he in 'the throes of some ] ghastly nigbtmire?' Had the' powers of evilj broken loose to rbir him of: his^ senses ffn the midst of his jojr, and lash him to mad ness? A thousand .despairing thoughts j crowded his :throbbing brain;' a voice] .within; as terrible as "the voice of Edward! Xeacly whispered fell words of base dis-! trust.' Why. did John Morrow stand with1 craven face, not- daringr to look up, while this devil in the voice of the dead, uttered ] these - dastardly untruths over the head of] the cowering bride? Why had Albert, ] blenching,', apprehensive,. suddenly broken the'painful pause by a stifled groan and a smothered oath, instead of investigating the, gathering mystery with some show of manly fortitude? Their very faces convicted them, while a power greater than his own will ■seemed holding the bridegroom back when •he would have rushed forward to-support the unhappy .woman thus accused from the i tcmb. Conscious that the voice would coinc; again, they waited, trembling, during this brief respite, till the terror should pass from the room and the spell which held them speechless break once and for all. A deep sigh came next upon the air, the! sigh of a person unseen, weighted by the! knowledge of a fearful crime. Then an en- j tirely different voice, familiar t<f the cars j off Cristina, addressed the bridegroom in i grim, distinct accents : "Montefiore Isaacs," I it began, and a deathly cold crept over him I I as it cam# stealing through the air, "wilt thou take that murderess to thy wedded wife? -To love her, who has plotted your ruin in secret,'and now seeks to shed your innocent * blood, even as she wickedly schemed the death 'of her first husband? To comfort her who, without pity or hu man feeling, preys upon the . weak and un suspecting, robbing the unwary, and break g good men's hearts with her treachery? ilt thou honour and keep a fiend in fleshly guise, who without a thought for the dread ful Day of Judgment, is in league with her co-conspirator, to murder you, as they mur dered my poor Mr. Eddie*?" The voice broke in a hoarse sob. No one had entered the room, nor could any hiding place ba seen, where man or woman might be concealed. Cristfna, blanching deathly white, turned her scared eyes In all direc tions under the accusing words. "Betty," she shrieked, wringing her hands. "Betty, where ore you? It's a lie —a lie—a lie! I tell you, Betty, a lie 1" She sank upon her knees, every vestige of strength deserting her, as she covered her agonised face, and trembled with horror. . "Ask John Morrow if it is a lie!" came the voice again, * thrilling those assembbd with apprehension. "Ask the man who calls himself your father; or that villain who is here in the name of your, brother! Ask them what they did with Edward Leach? Go back to the well in the garden; dive down deeply and seek its treasures. Your vile plot na,i been discovered; the awful truth laid bare. Justice awaits you, for at last—at- last, thank God, Mr. Eddie shall be ■'avenged! .Oh! base serpent that you are, to entrap with honeyed words'and false smiles one of the best and noblest of England's- sons, that you might lay hands upon his worldly goods,, and then in cold blood strike him down by the cruel knife of your accomplices. It is thus you would likewise serve your present lover. You had planned, mark well my words, to lure him to Australia, that out in the wild bush John Morrow might slowly poison him to death, unseen, unsuspected! Then, with out a regret your desperate gang would have made merry on the fortune ^ bought with blood. But the day has come uhtn all your secrets lie disclosed, and your aw ful conspiracies, no longer hidden, stand out in the glaring light of God's truth!" These . condemning utterances petrified tho .guilty ones, and filled them with un speakable alann. For without a doub t the room was empty, save for. Betty's convict ing voice, loud andclear, floating apparently on space, r • ^ Mr. Spong had dropped bis book during the first shock of what he believed to be a spiritual manifestation, and clang for sap* port to* the back of a carved oak chair, staring in horrified amazement at the bride. Montefiorc, like a man tnnied.. to stone, stood gazing helplessly around him,. frozeu to the core by a sudden doubt , of the beau tiful woman at his feet. ;If the weird voice, wailing .forth- its accusation . had -spoken nothing but what was false, why should bis fair bride cringe In the very dust under the lash of this blood- curdling tirade? , "Ah!?you cannot answer," the voice con* tinned. "You are powerless to fight against the vengeance oi.the Lord. . Behold, the Almighty has hewn down the evil and wicked doers, who lie in wait and work se cretly to devour the orphan, to rob the widow, to pillage the .very friends , beneath their roof. Who intercepted you when the plot was hatched against Bloomfield Park? Who wrested the jewels from your man Cutcliffc, and returned them to their lawful owners? Who severed the wire at that gambling party and led: you blindfold into the. trap you laid for others? Somebody handed over to justics those cruel swindlers when they sailed with such confidence into Plymouth Harbour on the 'Purple Heather.' Somebody also knows that John and Albert Morrow were the assassins of Edward Leach! . And now I, who loved that cruelly wronged man, proclaim to your intended bridegroom, Cnstina Leach, that a like fate awaited him but for the interposition of Providence. Heaven has saved him at the veiy moment when in the name of the Holy Trinity he was about to make you his wife. Whose is the hand which has dealt this fatal.blow to your vile plotting? The human, hand, used as an .instrument by Higher Authority! Do you know, John Morrow? Do you* know, Cfcistina Leach? It is the man you hunted from his home'with jeers and taunts;'the man whose father you would have murdered when this bloodsucker, who stands now in bridal ar ray, had taken to herself the title of Lady Aihford. These are. Sir Oliver's words, placed in my humble mouth, that the hone of my life might be fulfilled, to see the vengeance from' above faU on the mur derers of an innocent man." A groan of pent-up anguish broke from Cristina's .ashen lips. With hair pushed wildly back from her forehead and eyes dilated she staggered to her feet, reeling forward towards John blorrow. " Let ns fly!—fly!" she gasped, not know ing what die said, only struggling against gathering faintness like a driven beast hunt ed to death. Her words broke the tension of tho moment, and turned the coward's thoughts > into a fresh channel. Why had tfcey waited—John and Albert—to hear these voices at all? Surely if they fled the ghost conld not follow, though it seemed to speak through space. Panic-stricken, as people possessed, they made' one frantic rush to the door, followed by the bride groom and cleric! Out into the picture gallery they ran, only to be greeted by a small group of stalwart figures, who arrest ed them in the name of the law. " Oliver Ashford, this is your doing/' hissed John Morrow, as he struggled lo free himself in vain. The young baronet,. who stood apart from the sturdy policemen, now advanced, looking first at the tiro men criminals and then at the cowering woman in her bridal white. "Yes," he said, slowly, distinctly, "it is .my doing I. I have followed your feloni ous practices one by one as they were mane known to me, and in each case they failed in their intent to harm, through coming to my knowledge. I, too, have schemed, John Morrow, to avert the injuries you were striving to inflict. I had. not the slightest intention of spyiug upon you when 1 con ceived the idea of: fixing a mechanical tele phone from the Oak Boom, to my bungalow. I conld not endnre the idea of my mother's sacred apartment being invaded by stran gers. You elected to make it yonr sanctum on purpose to ca'usp me pain. It was just one pang the more, which you delighted to inflict. You had the whole of Compton Hall, and I resolved to drive you out of the Oak Boom, which I hoped to keep un tainted in memory of ray mother. When you settled to take my home, I used the one month left me to fix this apparatus, which should enable a human voice to haunt yon whenever you found yourself in that hallowed spot. "To do this my scientific studies came to my aid. .■ The loud-speaking telephone was easily constructed.¥- 1 placed a taut wire between two wooden diaphragms, one of which was a part of the oak panelling oi the room, and the other I fixed in the bunga low. The .wire passed through pipes, which I was careful to lay mvself. £)irectly you were installed in my old home I prepared to indulge my fancy of freeing tho Oak Boom from your presence, merely to gratify a sentiment.. " Naturally, I conld hear your voices clearly, as I intended you to hear the sounds I was about to create. You, John Morrow and Cristina Leach, were talking together, speaking unblushingly of your damnable villainies. The words you uttered changed my purpose. From that moment I held it a duty, for the protection of the public, to . play eavesdropper and rescue-innocent people from your fiendish snares. I saved j my friends at Bloomfield Park from a care fully planned robbery, which, but for my knowledge* would have been easily carried through, since Mi's. Leach, bong on visiting terms, was able to furnish elaborate details. Next I saved, the unsuspecting guests at Compton Hall from losing their jewellery. With the aid of my future father-in-law we overcame your man Cutciiffe, who is now secured, like yourself, when we returned the valuables intact, thanks to Mrs. Leach giving us a list of their* owners in the Oak Boom." Cristina's jaw dropped; she looked like a dead woman leaning against the wail, while John and Albert Morrow listened as if their lives hung in the balance. Oliver continued in the same even tones, "Then,-with your own mouths, you told me the underhand scheme planned to trap fresh dupes at gambling. Again Mr. Thurs by came to my assistance. It was he .who, cut through the veneer and severed your treacherous wire. But even then- you were not turned from your* evil doing, but must needs lure this unfortunate Mr. Isaacs; into your toils for the sake of his fortune.' Yon would have killed him, as you intended killing my father—as you did kill Edward Leach! I have ample proof of this. Wit nesses who have heard your confessions canied along the tell-tale wire will not only bring the evidence of their lips against you, bet certain articles-procured from a deep TTa!I in fli# IftiA XFr Ta4/»Vo mrrlen "H»» well in the late Mr. Leach's garden, ' The boots,, with the larger soles.fastened on; the dagger stained with human blood, and the valuables stolen from the body to feign an appearance of murder for robbery—these things,.too, rise in judgment!- You stand charged with sacrificing human life; to quench your lust fcr gold! On that count you are now arrested. • I commit you to the mercy, of the law!" Sir Oliver Ashford turned and left.without another word... 