Tirs Mta os-Wilaimara SSPECTALLY WRITTEN FOR THE " NEWCASTLE MIORNING HERALD." BY ADA A. KIDGELL. ' ROM THE FIRST moment of her arrival at WVil.anarra, Mi.us SDreuse, the nse. governess. S realised that she had begun to breathe as utterly uncongenial atmosphere. Her journey had Sstretched over two days-fif , teen hours in tllhe trali and seven in the coach, with a night at a miserably, dirty "hotel" dividing them; she was tired, travel-stained, fev erish, and MIrs. Gillott's greet '- " - 'ing lacked the homeliness of e?. vlcome she had pictured to herself us tylileilly Australlan. Mrs. Glllott-?-as stiff and -old, and homely only in the ..American sOtse of the word. Miss Dreuse ewas shown atluptly to her room, and epm ,rged later, sohewhat serreshed, albeit sthe had shed a fetloars ill its privacy, to be Sprcsented to the rest of the family. MIr. Gillott impressed her no more favourably than his wife. He lad a sly, suspicious ex .presslon, and a. mlnecr botlh nervous and ·ileflant. The children were unattractive an1 sullen, bearing planinv an air that said: "The governess is out natural enemy, and 've mean to treat her as such." There sero flour of them, their aoges ranging from eight to fifteen. trs. Gilott bad three older sons, only one of whom, the eldest, was at home. Miss Lreuse.tried to extend the antipathy with which the rest of the household inspired her a this young man, teut wa-s obliged to aidmt his superiority. He was 'tirly good-lookinr. pleasant-man r.ered, and evidently attracbd at the outset towards the pretty, fresh-cooured English girl, whose somewhat contimptuous lips curted in a smile of amusemen at the sug gestion. Celle Dreuse had been barely tvo months In the colonies, having left a confortable 'home swith her brothers in Englano at the express \eish of an elderly uncele seotled in Sydney, who Legged the services -f his sister's child as housekeeper and consan Jot in his declining days. On her arcval Celle found her relative Just two daos wedded to a golden-haired charmer, whs 'was very explicit in resenting the presence of her husband's niece, while Celle perhaps as emphatically declined her society. She had been obliged to take money from her uncle while loolting.about for a means of living, and, after a few weeks of fear and hardship, obtained, through an agency, chiefy on the strength of being "English," for her accomplishments were fete, a six months' tenching engagement on a sta tion. The teachlng 'itself was no great tax on Celle's acquirements, 'her pupils having keen "educated" on the plan common in sbush households of ever changing tutors ond.systems. It was in the matter of com pe-lling obedience that Clio failed, for the .children ,realisiog her ignorance of discip linary methods at a very early stage, asade .the inexperienced girl's life a tor ment. The hours in the schoolroon, nevertheless, were less an ordeal than those spent in eIrs. Gillott's society. The two women. temperamentally antagonistic, made no pre tence of finding each other harmonious. SIra. Gillott remained consistently un friendly, and Colle was too strangelto a de pendept position to understand the neces sity for kow- ltosing to those in authority. She was further repalled, besides, by the knowledge of the seemingly cold u'oman's occasibnal outbursts of rage, shuddering to hear her violen't abuse of a negligent ser V'ant or child. Another matter of annoyance was one for w'hich Colie had partly herself to blame. Encouraging, or at least not discouraging, George Gillott's attentions at first, he la ter found them both disagreeable and elm ibarrassing. Her preliminary attitude to wards him was not; perhaps, altogether culpable. She was In a new and dlffincult ,-esition, far from friends or country, thrown into an unsympathetic circle, and if a man ilth n'hiom she was forced lnto Sdaily contact was more 'than willing to snake up by k2indnesses and care for the dis dain with which she was treated, It was natural for a lonely girl to profit by the sltuation. She responded to George's at tempts at conversation with something ap Spreaching asrmth; she sat w'ith him on the verandah iwhen both were off duty, ae cepted his Invitations to drives and rides, and learnt fromn him how to handle the rib bone and saddle a quiet pony for herself. She was perfectly well a-sare that these proceedings were lookled on :with much dis approbhtlon by Mrs. Gllott, but she was too unsophisticated to think any objection to her mnode of spending her spare time could affect her position, and, moreover, a spice of mischief in her disposition caused her 'to rather enjoy Mrs. Gillott's malign ant looks of disapproval when her son had beer, markedly agreeable 'to the governess. Cello, however, .found she had laid herself o00en to more than admiration from George. Tbe big booby, she rather unkindly declar ed him, grew desperately in love with the grey-eyed Englishwoman, and persecuted her with protestations of affection, and re peated proposals of marriage. On one o .casion Hesater, the eldest of his sisters, heard enough to enable her to go to her me -ther with the news that Miss Dreuse had got George to propose. When she had been at TWlllanarra nearly a month Celie found her lot almost un bearable, and would have omitted the "al most." but for the visits of the one neigh Sopur whoever crossed the Gillott's thres hold, Mr. Nevill Snayce, wvho lived 'on' a small freehold holding some eight miles from the station. His visits, alwitays of a business nature, were brief, and he did not often-Join the family at-table; but however short and casual, their meeting, Cello felt helped and comforted by his presence. jhe dld nbt need a spoken assurance of the ?rlondshlr she readl in his:eyes, nor any thing but her Instinct,'to tell her that this was a good msan, who would be a' trusty comrade and sympathetic helper. The skirmishing in the sahoolrooin de veloped Into undisguised war, and Oelle wns driven to despair as the children's insubor dlinatlon gave Mrs. Gillott an excusetto fly into rages and kIeop up a continual bicker of lault-findling. Had she not been. penu less the;glrl would have fled the place. She could see that her employer was bent on driving her .to be 'the one to brooeak the agreement, but the detePtmned on holding out long enough to" lesav herself with an little money in hand after paying a rdturtri Tallhay fare: '' Aftor Hester's disclosure tIrs. Ciott at-' tacked George, and had a furious scene with him. He was, however, by no nicans ametiable to pa're?ittal control, nand vowel 'tiat lie ssoud' marra Milss Dreusu, sietplte' both his parehist He salid nothing of 'Miss Drclese's reluctance to make a party . tothe.contract. "You kInow yourTfather can 'turn y0iout ii you disobey him,'" stormed Mrs. Gilliptt. "T'he: sitatlon 'Is 1l1-not, yours. "You have 'lio piopei ly and n.lpaeans of earning a llvlng apart froln'2hul I fd." . '" earget a billet b'n some one else's .. a. ,,:' ,..,.o: .? ,,. , ,, ! ". ':-.'" " -;' '- " ' . ' '.Don't., talka rubbsh!:' 'teid you iust know the whole district looks on you as betng as good as engaged to Amy Hartley. 'Any one would 'think you'd have the sense to be overjoyed that:the daughter of'a rickh" man, without sons, was willing to marry you, instead of entangling yourself with a penniless teacher-a mere adventures, for all you know." "I do know the very opposite, and you do, too, so there's no more to be said, and neither the Hartleys nor any other of the district people ever come near us, so that engagement's all bunkum." This scene did not improve matters for Pliss Drouse. That same week, at the end of a day of exasperating fault-flnding, Mrs. Gillott called her aside, and informed her that as she was in eve'ry way so unsuitable her services would not be required beyond the end of the month then commencing. Mr. Gillott would not deduct her fare thi ther, as he was entitled to, on finding her so incompeten't; but vwould pay her the two months' salary in 'ull. "But my engagement is for six months." remonstrated Celle, rfilectlng that nearly cne month's salary 'would have to be dis bursed for her return Journey. "On certain conditions, of course: but you must agree that you have failed to ful fl the duties. The "teaching is the least part of them. I panticularly want a your, lady s'ho can keep order, and re lieve me of worry'." "I will not argue my proficiency with you." Celie replied; "and I shall be very glad when the day of my departure comes rotnd." Then she avent out into the garden to think in the gloom of the darkness over her unhappy situation; but she was not to be permitted the luxury of brooding in soll tiude, for almost immediately the disturbing note of the nine o'clock bell for "prayers" rang out,. and she had to *hurry to gatheo her charges -together. In the dining-room she -vas surprised and ileassed to meet the friendly smile of Nevill Sayee, who had called earlier in the even ing to transact businne with Mr. Glllott, and had been shut up with his host in 'tie office. He had lingered on till nine, and invited himself to stay for prayers and supper, because that meant seeing Miss Dreuse. He saw that Celle's smile of welcome was unaffectedly cordial. but he could not guess how the lonely girl's burden seemed lightened .by his mere pres ence. They had opportunity for the ex change of lIttle but glances, for George came sulkily in from his room at suppe' time, and brightening up at getting next to Celle, talked persistently to her all through the meal. The girl knew very swell that George's attentions -were the cause of her dismissal, though she was not aw-are of Hester's tale- bearing. She did not feel called upon to allay Mrs. Gillott's tremors by snubbing George now. and, it mnust be confessed, on account of the turn things had taken, she was more gracious to the young man than was her custom. Mr. Sayce, who had hoped for a few 'words W'ith her before the evening closed, went off disappointed and chagrined. The aucceeding week r-as one of com parative calm. Mrs. Glllott had gained her point; the children, delighted at the prospect of another holiday between the go ing and coming of a teacher, adopted more amiable -tactics, and George was away on business for his father. The evening of George's return wa's -sig nalled by another arrival-a stranger, who was not introduced to Celle, though she sat opposite to him at dinoier, and puzzled herself trying to classify 'him. His ,vay's were rough, his dress shabby and coarse, nod yet his speech was -nt that of an uneducated man, and his ugly and dissipat ed countenance still bore traces of Intellect. It was Celle's first view of that common bush type-the broken-down gentleman, but a more skilled observer would have had little difficulty in categorising the stranger as an outcast from the medical profession. Celie wIas further interested to note that though Mrs. Gllott evinced even more than lier usual -hostility of manner toward the shabby creck, Mr. Glllott adopted a conci liatory demeanour that sat on him very badly. She had never seen -him take such pains to be agreeable, and noticing -that the guest most unamiably refused to second this graciousness, her curiosity was keenly aroused. Her attehtlon was taken off her neo' study by finding a note slipped into her lap by George, .who had seated himself next to her. She -took the note to her room, and was a little touched by its fervour.. The young man wrote that 'the week he had spent away from her had been unbtarable \--ie know -he could not live without her, and asked her to litten to him once again oan .the following day. That night he had to hurry back to the camp with a message to the drovers. She took the letter with her to her favou ite nook in the garden- under the big flow- ening shrubs against the outer fence---and sat pondering earnestly. George -was evi dently very deeply in love with her; he seemed faithful and -honest, entirely differ ent from his family;.he was ready to make sacrifices for her, and to be content with little. Should she accept him? She did not shut her eyes to the .fact that that would mean sacrifilcing her life now an:l for ever for mere -materal' gain, and though she found George tolerable, she hated his relatives, and 'between them and her would be perpetual enmity. She hat ed Australia, too, she though, and could never know happinefS in a land which had dealt ewith her so hardly. First there had been the blow of finding her uncle married, and ever since struggle, disappointment, and difficulty. The gloom of thls bush existence away -from beaten tracks, and so cial life cwas telling on her apirit, and she thought regretfully of her cheerful life with her brothers in their bright Englsh townn, aund hall decided to humble helrself to beg a passage back from her Sydney relative. But perhaps the appalling feeling of self disgust at 'the bare thought of a anarriaga for convenience would not endure, fr long. Yet -what would people say if they kneew she had accepted George from ;such a n.ltve? "People" '-resently resolved themselve's into Net-ill Sayee, but she tried petdilauly to dismiss his.image. She did not 'supose he 'would interest himself one va" or:the other. When he was at Willanarra a week ago he seemed quite content that she halind devoted hierself to George, and had never been'since. She?wished, indeed, that he had.' The days -were terrlble. with never a-friendly sword or smile to lighten their gloom. But still--still, it waas s well sha did not see him oftener; to fall in love with a man lndiffqrent to one -wsoild bI far worse than marrying a man-one regard ed with indifference. The night was fine and :tempting, and Celloe, leaving the garden, strolled adross the blg adjoiniog paddock. to, th'fe slip panels 'that led -into the outer world. As she slid' an end of one rail dowh-for a seat, she fancied she heard the rhythm osfa tirot ting horse, 'hut'- mosent- later. beliere.l this -the trick' of faonda, as the sound failed, to return. She was in' tlhe mood for ro- mance, - for adventure, and'thie continued' silence disappointed her absuiroly, so set was she on a knight errant'dropplng -frbm the skies, or, springing (roem the depths of the earth. - It was; therefore, with satisfaction rather than surprise. that she actually heard footsteps making in her direction. and that she presently distlnguished the" figure of a man coming up the track to ,ards the panels. Ia another minute Nevtll Sayce was clasping her hand over the ral, and cx ,pressing his delight at the meeting. "At tile White Gate I jumped off Robin ,nd tied him to the fence. I have been in the saddle all dlay, and wanted a swal:t. I had to see Mr. Glllott about a matter I'm trying to pull off, but I hardly dared holpe to see you. Do you often come here to dream in itho starlight, Mtss Dreuse?" " Never before. I am usually too ner vous to wander eo far from the house; but to-night I wanted to escape from every thing and everybody-there. It is not that I love the bush, the big black trees terrify me-everything In Australia terrifes me. I think." "Sureely not, MILss Dreuse! You will grow to love even those gaunt skeleton gutts when you have made your home amhsg them." "DBt I'll never make my home among them. I am going away from them at the snd of the month, never to come back." "Never to come hback? When you ara going to- Pardon me, Mitss Dreuse, per lhaps it's not to be spoken of yet?" "What is not to be spoken of yet?" "That you are engaged to George Gil lott." Celic laughed, in a flash, roalnlslng the impossnbility of that el;er coming to pase "But I am not engaged to George Gillott, if you please. What make's you slay such a thing?" George told me so himself the last tint I came. He was helping me saddle Robon, and was very confidential and explicit." "Then -he is as detestable as the rest ret the family," glared Celloe. "They are wicked and untruthful; I have endured ncstal torture of all kinds in the flve weeksc of my stay here, and nows this ln -ult Is added to the rest. Is this Austra ltan hospitality?" Celle was trembling with rage, and Nevill with hIope and fear. Since hearing George's newos--he could well understand its motive now--he had tried to cast Cello from his thoughts, with the consequence I.bat she had haunted -him, dreaming or waking. Now he Pfelt an actual fear that her prejudice against Australians should be ineradicable. "That is not Australian hospttality, Miss Dreuse," he said; "or 'typical bush conduct at all. I can guess something of what you have endured at Willanarra from stories that have reanhed me of your predecessors' treatment, and I know Gillott can't get a mtan to stay. No one has a good word for him in the district, and his wife is disliked ever more strongly." "There has never been a caller infside their doors Ibut yourself and a queer-look ing man to-night." "And I've never called so often in the ten years I've been a neighbour as since you came," said Nevill, simply. "I went to see you, IMiss Dreuse. Once I saw you, I couldn't keep away." "I did not think it was exceptionally gloomy; I thought all bush life was as monotonous," said Celte, hurriedly. "Not at all. On some of the runs they have more ,fun In a month than Sydney folk see in a year. You'll have to read 'BanJo Patterson' to -see haw the bush amuses itself." "It's hard lines, then, that I should have had such a painful Introduction." "It Is, indeed, and harder on the bush folk that you should be so set against them. . Look here, Miss Dreuse, I'm an Atustrallan, and one at the average, I sup pose, and I want- But now that Celie knew her instinct was trte, and that her feelings towards Nevill had been -but as deep answering deep, a strange shyness seized her, and she n3 anted to tun -away. Nevertheless, Nev!!l managed to tell her what she knew very well, and to extract from her what his stupid masculine lack of intuition h?d kept him ignorant of. It was a good deal later, and room had been found for two people on the slip-panel when Nevill said, "But, Celie, darling, do you think you will always hate the bush?" "I am afraid I shall. My first experi ence has been so horrid." "Yes, I know, and that makes me anxious to bring off that matter I came herto to night about. In fae? I've been for a long time trying-to work it. You have, per haos, heard that Willanarra takes in cwhat used to be Nerrilong? That was my grandfather's property when I came here to join him 'ten years ago, on the under standing that the station was eventually to come to me, but'at the old man's death it was found he had left it to Gllott. His and my grandfather's affairs had beea. bound up for years, and they had even been partners in a Melbourne business long ago There's no denying Gillott hbar mar vellous influence over the old man, and I was not so much amazed as disgusted when I found myself 'with nothing but my little lot at Emu Creek, after working like a nigger on Nerrilong for five years. Grandfather died at Willanarra. He took a fit there when I was away at Melbourne one Christma:s." "Are you trying to make Mr. Gillott glve you back some of the land, then?" asked (elie. "Hardly that, dear! Blood front a altcone would be an easier contract. Like your ablf, I am prejudiced agalndt this part of the colony after my dose of ill luck, though it's good stock country, there's no denying. What I'm trying to do is to make Gillott give me my ptlce for my little lot at Emu Creek. It joins -Willanarra, and he wants its cwater badly; but kno?-ing how hard up I am he's trying to beat me down to ~oaut a third of what I ask. I am asking a pretty stiff price, for I'm convinced, my grandfather would have 'treated me more fairly but for Gilldtt. . . Celie, dear, don't talk of going to England, will you? If I sell at any price, I'll clear out from this, and make a fresh start elsewhere. Walt till I show you our glorious country! Why. you were seven weeks in Sydney, and know nothing of the harbour, and then there are the mountains, the caves, the South Coast, the northern rivers, the cheerful and bright MIonaro,.and the brac ing New England Dawns. Don't condemn our noble New South WVales because of this sun-baked mono'tonous scrub country of the West,"and one inhuman family with in its borders." "1 am not going to do that; but I must get away from here." "So you will, darling. I'll get that money somehow, and buy a lovely little place Ifhave my eye on i the north-east." "Nevll!" exclaimed Celle, using .hi.s name for the first time, a new emotion having driven away shyness. "What, darling!"' asked Nevill, expect ing to see a snake. "The time? Prayers! Oh, wdhat'shall I do?" '"It's not ten yet', dear. Those people do not matter to you." "But they do'matter; I have to llve'bhrec long weeks with them." "I'll come-in with you, and it ,will' be all right," sald Nevill, going with her towards the house. "Indeed, ,no' said Celle at the ga?te. "Y'our coming would make it wvorse. And don't come again till Sunday. Mrs. Glllott would be nastier than ever if she suspected I was happy." Nevill remonstrated at the long lbanish mcnt, and at being btdoen'good-night in so hurried a fashion; but Cello was inexorable, and ran from hls'enftrektles. The household was ominously qplet. when Cello entered. A-fl the lights were out biut one turned-down lamp inothe long dining room that Cello mu- t cross -to reach her rcom.. But everyone was not In bed. By the maitelplece stood Mrs. Gillott, her figure eloquehit with rage', her eyes agleamo with frenzy. Celio could never remember exactly how the storm of abuse descended Utpon her. She knew the woman called 'etr an adventuress, a .htissy, and vorse : accused her of Inveighlng her son from hib - ditty, and bade her leave the' house the \ioment - the coach passed -on Saturday. TI'?glrl felt nothing but contempt for the wr ossa oman before her, and refused to ban~l words or repel the brutal instnua Lions; but her way to her own door was barred, and she had perforce to listen. She gathered at last that 'Mrs. Gillott imnagilned sb had spent the hours since dinner with George. "Let me tell you." said Celle, "that I hdire niever spoken to him since we met before you at dinner, and I trust I never hilnll again." "Your lying is too thin, Miss! WThere have you been, and where has he been, tIlen?" "His movemtnlt are nothing to me, and mine do not concern you," and making a determined effTort, Celle managed to escape to her rooam. She threw herself on her bed sick with disgust. It was too cruel that her beaultl ful .white night- the :supreme night of her life-should have been spoilt and vulgaris ed by that scene. How should she enduro till Saturday? Why should she endure? Nevill must be told at once, and come to takle her aw-ay. But the comfort this de rslon gave her was short-lived; the first letter that could reach Nevll was by the Saturday coach that went on from Wllsa narra to Emu Creek. Willanarra was not an up-to-date station with a telephone, so Celle saw herself doomed to the humllita tion of that termagant's society for three long days. Her brain ached in seeking siome solution, and at last she impulsively jumped up. certain that Providence had shown her a way out. Eleven had struck, and absolute quiet reigned in the household at last. Even tMrs. Gillott's turbulence must be stilled in slumber. None of the doors were over lockcd, and Cello 'believed she might steal out unheard to the stib!e. George always stabled one horse, and the girls' saddles bung on 'the stable wall. She could easily mnanage to saddle Oruno and rlde away Into the night with a note for Nevill, ondthrow it under his door while he still slept. It 'van but an eight-mlles' ride, and he had told her his house was on the main road, and the only one for miles and miles, so there would be no mistake possible. She could be back in two hours, and her ab 'ence need never ,be known. Her dnly fe-ar was that she might arouse some one and be stopped from using the horse. She wrote an abrupt note in extreme agi tation, but it would be clear enough to Ne vill. Then, boots in hand, she crept away to the stable. It w-as at the back of the lourse, nearly a hundred yards away, and if she could only saddle Bruno undisturb ed, getting out into the paddok at the back, and thence on to 'the road, would be an easy matter. Schooling herself to steadiness, the stable door was opened without a creak or sound, and poor old Brulo ;sas equally accommo dating, and made no sign of alarm at her tntrrace. "Oh!" Cello smotheredl her exelam:t tlon, and dropped, affrighted, into a bundle of straw against the rough wa.ll. There were voices comaing from 'the adjoining shed-the bharness room. As the bheating of her hear: gresw quieter, and she realised that the voices were of neither blacksh nor btshrangers, but those of Mr. Gillott and she queer old stranger whose statue had so pozzled her. "You've get to finSd me another hundred, straight awa," he was saying; "or I'll not clear out at all." "Now, Tucas," said PIr. Gillott, in a lower Lone. "why can't you be reasonable and wait. I've givea you all I have in the house, and if you go off quietly and leave :ost-ofliee arddresses, I'll send it to you as before. If I did give you the lot now, y'ou'd only lose it at the Baroo pub." "And if I went on the burst at Baroo, it nould ,be dangerous for you, eh? But it would not be half as dangerous 'as keeping back the money. I'd rather enjoy owning up to the certificate and our little plot for the :ake of seeing you in a' tight place." "IDn't talk like 'that, man. I've sent you tmoney every year 'till this, and only steppaed when I heard you were dead." "It nas devllish of me to turn up alive again, after being reported dead, wasn'sat it? i've kept quiet for a purpose, but I happeu to svant money very libadly just now; so if you don't find some, the old man's ghost will avalk." Huddled against the wall as she was, Celie heard every word plainly. 'ber left arm was pressed against a post for sup puort, and moving tremblingly to ease her awtward pose, she klnocked down a bridle that hung from the post. In a moment the stable door was thrust open, and the two men had burst in. Celie sprung to her feet, but was seized roughly by the arm by the stranger, while tIr. GJllott'so hand, on her mouth suppressed the scream she tried ti utter. "What are you doing here?" Gdllott de manded, scowling at her. "So you've been lying listening to our little conversation," said the other, with a pretended nonchalance. Celle burst into tears. . Incoherent through fright, she yet managed to give the explantloin of her presence. and .for corroboration, handed Glllott the brief Iente she 'hed scribbled to Nevill. Gillott read the note, and decided that her story was true. "What have you heard? Tell me what you have heard," he thundered. "Ndthing I properly .understood," she ra turned. "This man was asking you for money, and you told him you could not let 'hilm have it yet." "But why did he expect me to give it to himn?" "I don't know." "She's charmingly innocent," comment cl the satiric stranger; "she suspects no thing at all, the little dear! All the same, it's another hand to pull the rope-" "Hold your tongue!" exclaimed Gillott. "Or why don't you question the girl your self, and see what she does know?" "Oh, I know nothing, nothing of yur plan," said Celile, piteously. "Let me go back to .the house and to bed. I'm too frigh tened to ride to Emu Creek now. I'll for get all this by the morning--only let me go." The men let go their hold on her, and Cello, conscious that she was behaving very unlike'a heroine, Itook 'the forgotten bosts that one of the meet handed to her from the ground, and hurried out of the stable. "Go in as quietly as you came, and hold your tongue about to-night, or it'll be the a erse for you," said Lucas, and turning'to Gillott when she was out of hearing, added, "You'll have to devise some plan tor outletening her, my friend." Celie s-oulddhave declared she slept not at all that night, but for 'the knowledge 'teat a gentle tapping at the door next morning roused her with a start. WiVlth a rush the night's incidents came back to her, and fearing somen horrid sequel, she ignored 'the request for admission. In a moment the door was op;ened, how ocer, and MIrs. Gllott herself came in. Colie sat up fearfully, but Mrs. Gllott, Vi?th a ghastly attempt at a smile, motioned! her to lie still. Cello saw that 'the sweo nean's face was drawn and grey, the linei of yesterday deepened, and the eyes sunkei anti hollow. The girl divined that til last night the wife had been ignorant cf the husband's guilty secret. "Miss Dreuse," she began, .with dill culiy' "Mi'. Glllctt tells me you were veoy angry last night; so angry, that you cor templated saddling a horse to ride with ta note to Ier. Sayce, and that,' ashe had gor to the harness room ~for the embro?titi for his cut hand, he found' this ouL ' He and Doe-Mlr. Lucas were talking . . hbusiness' . . there, and happened 90ld you." "Peti 30" "Nos,, you must see how' sorry I am .far ail'l$his. I can quite imaglne 'how yoe, being rather- seisitive, were hurt at aiy butst of'rage; but' if there is anythinglI can do--. I never contemplarted driving you frommthe house:. Of course, I did nbt :1 mean you to go on Saturday. By this mno.rning .the whole thing would have blown over, as I'n sure you know." Celle Icoked piercingly at her vision for a l cmoeat, but saw a face working so pain fully, she quickly turned away again. "Yes, it's all a mista.ke. My temper, utnfortunately, got the better of me; but cen.t you understand that It was chiefly out of regard for you-a simple girl, ignorant. of the ways of the world-that I flew into a rage at your seeming disregard of con ve.tlicn? I know now that you were alone 'lh the garden-that George had to go back to the camp for the night." She (Cellie) did not speak,. and M'rs: Gil ktt made a grievous attemptl at plhyf~ul s"Now, Miss Drcuse, I have e-an' tithinng 'things over, and have come to a" better frame or mind. I cannot bear to st'nf in the way of my boy's happiness. and P feel that I owe you ....that I could do ar.ythi'g to make amends to you. Mr. Gil.t.t. and I have decided to put no ob ,staeTe' in the way of ypour marriage ''th George:' "I h?ave no intention of marrying your son,"' said Cello, loolilng out of the window. "Kindly leave me alone until the coach comes." "it1cs 'Dreuse." she .pleaded, "perhaps I am not sufficiently cordial? I am unused .tn sentlment. Think of George's happi ness." "Mrs. Gillott, please let this subject drope now and forever. In the first place, I anl going to marry 'Mr. Sayce, and in the see ond, last night's events so terrified me that I long only 'to forget them, and hope never to speak of them again 'to anyone. Will that content you?" Mrs. Gillott .went from the room, and Celie remained there the whole of that deay, the servants looking after her well, by Mrs. Glllott's orders. Mrs. Gllott also sent her a.note to say that a man would drive her to the railway the next after noron if she wished. Next day, 'with her luggage beside her,. che was waiting in one of the yards for the man to bring out the buggy, when her heart leapt for joy at sight of Nevill riding towardls the house. "You see, I could not wait till Sunday," he. aid, Jumping off his horse. "Oh, Nevill, I've hoped for you every second!" "What's the matter, dearest? I am as disappointed at seeing you so upset when I have such good news for you. Gillott sent a man over to my place this morning with a letter, agreeing to my terms about the laned, and asking me to call and get the cheque this afternoon!" "Oh," said Colic. bitingly. "I've been talling business with .the family since, andl find that Mr. Gilllott wants your land very much. Will you drive me to Baroo now? I'll tell the man you. are takng me, and will wait at the slip-panels till you are ready." For a loi0d while thei secret she hadil dl vined that night preyed unshared upon C?Eli6' mind. EIven after her marriage to Nevill she kept 'what she had reason 'to suspect to herself. She had spoken truly in telling Mrs. Glllott that she hoped only to forget; still, the haunting fear that she was helping to hush up a crime would have driven her to make disclosure; but that a reluctance to disturb ber husband's peac? with her suspicions of the manner of his grandfather's death, bledded with a dread.l that the revelation might mea.n 'Nevilll's taking possession of part of hated Wills na rra. 't was 'the ,news of Mr. Gillctt's death hrby a fall from his horse that at length led her to tell the whole story to Nevill, but It was then too nlate either for ,unishment cr gain, and Sayce agreed with Colle that in the midst of their present happiness and ptosperity, they.might well let that pain ful chapter remain closed and sealed for ever. 