Professor Pepper Dead. THE ORIGINAL GHOST-WALICER AND RAIN MAKER. Profeasor Pepper, of ' Pepper's Ghost' fame, has just died at Leytonstone, where ho had reoently being living (reports the London Daily Mail of March 30;. To tho younger generation ' Pepper's Ghoat' ia more a legend than a reality, but. thirty years ago it waa aa popular as the present biograph. As Mr. John HollingBhead Baid in the Pall Mall Gazette, the death of the professor ' carries I tho memory to the days when tho miscellaneous I theatrical matinee had not been invented, and thoBB curious ? variety shows of recreutive Bcience called 'Polytechnic Institutions' were popular with tho classes who wero bIe6Bed with mid day leisure without: knowing exactly how to use it.' It was in 1818 that John Henry Pepper, born in 1821, was appointed analytical ohemisi ot the Royal Polytechnic in Regent-street. For some yeara the elementary scientific lectures and Bhowa satisfied the. Polytechnic's patrons, but Professor Pepper began to find that something different was wanted, ond he turned his attention to tho ' ghost' method of illusion, which a civil engineer named Dircka brought to hia notice. ' Pepper told me that the idea ot ' Peyper's Ghost,' came to him one day as ho was walking out of Sc. James' Hull, when some reflections from a mirror caught his notice,' said Mr. Maskelyne, of Egyptian Hall fame, to a Daily Mail* repre sentative. ' But there is no doubt tirnt he worked on Dirck'a idea, aud developed the arrangement of mirrors and glass, which made ' Pepper's Ghoat' celebrated. At first, he worked with mirrors at the aide of the stage, but Professor Sylvester, who joiued him, introduced the mirror beneath the footlights oud the front glass ou the stage, and that waa the method after wards the adopted. For a long while audiences did not understand the ' mystery' of the ghost, but people like myself, who understand the use ef mirrors, knew- how the thing was done, although that did not lessen our enjoyment ot a ghost performance.. It waa decidedly, entertaining to aeo on apparently solid ' ghoBt' wolk through another character on the etige. But the ghoBt had his day, and haB not been much heard of in recent years. There is no doubt that Pepper made a lot of money out of the ghoat, but he did not die rich.. Nearly twenty year ago he went to Auatralia to ' make rain' for the farmers, long before the American rain-makera appeared, bub it was nob a succesB. His idea was to cause rain to fall by means of aerial explosions, but he could not make rain fall where there was no rain up in the sky, and bo he could do nothing in places where rain was moat wanted. .He after wards became public analyBt at Brisbane.' Professor Pepper brought out successors to the 'Gboat' in the 'Sphinx'' and the 'Protean cabinet,' but none -succeeded like the ghoBt, and 'Pepper's Ghost' will remain hia ohief claim to celebrity. 