A Rannan Street Betting Shop. INTERESTING LEGAL POINTS. la the Supreme Court in Banco on iFriday before his Honor the Chief Jus tice (Sir A. C. Onslow) and Mr. Jus tice Hensrnan tlie case came on of William Littlejohn (defendant) appel lant, and A. Dunn (informant), re spondent. This was an appeal against the conviction of the appellant for keeping- a shop in Hannan-streetj Kal goorlie, for betting purposes/ , Mr. Mcorhead, instructed by Mr. Abbott, appeared for the appellant, and Mr. Wood, instructed by the -Crown Solici tor, for the 'respondent. Mr. M-oorhead said the appellant had been convicted at the Police Court, at Kalgoorlie, of keeping open a shop, known as the 'Reliable/' tor betting purposes. The information was- laid ?under section 4 of the Police Act Amendment Act, 11593. Against that finding the defendant appealed, and the magistrate submitted the following questions for answer: — (1) Does the information disclose an offence under section 4 of the Act ; (2) was the magis trate right in convicting and inflicting a penalty ; (3) was there sufficient cor rcboration of the evidence of Con stable Byrne ; (4) was the evidence of Constable Nasmitk rightly admitted ; (5) was the defendant rightly convic ted? The first question, he thought, might be answered m the affirmative, for it had to be conceded that the in formation did disclo-sc an offence. The answer to the second question would, he thought, depend upon the answers to the questions 3 and 4. He conten ded that there was no evidence to show a user of the shops. A single instance did not constitute a user. There was no evidence either to show that the defendant was on the premises at the time that the betting ticket was pur chased, and there was nothing to conr Beet him with it. The evidence in cor roboration of Constable Byrne was that of an accomplice. The Chief Justice: Can you have a better corroboration than the produc tion of the ticket? Mr. Moorhead asked how it was con. \ 3iected with the man Littlejohn, who was not on the premises. There was no evidence to show that the person who sold tlie ticket was acting for the ow ner. The fact that a totalisatpr ma chine was found in the shop was not cor roboration. A totalisator was a mov able thing, and- it might nave been taken into the. shop by any person, and there was no evidence to connect the appellant with it. The appellant did not bet on it, and he did not bet money cut of his pocket against the public. It ihad been held that a sweepstakes was not a bet, and it could be shown that a .totalisator was not either. The Chief Justice: It may have feeen said that die totalisator -machine was for amusement, as in the case of & poker machine. There is nothing to show that die management derived any profit from it. \ Mr. Justice Hensman: I have heard that some rich people have depraved tastes for gambling, and keep a ma chine for their own excitement. Mr. Moorheat : Baccarat is a favo rite form of amusement amongst tlie rich. Mr. Justice Hensman: This place was called the 'Reliable.' 'The house Reliable Littlejohn,' it sounds like die 'Pilgrim's Progress/' (Laughter.) The Chief Justice : And 'Cash Fielder?' Is that a man that takes up cash? Mr. Parker: Perhaps, I may ex plain. It means a bookmaker, who . takes the cash from the bettor, and uses the ticket to record it. \ Mr. Moorhead: ;My friend is play ing 'Hamlet' without the ghost. ' A cash fielder is a man who bets on die field, on the racecourse. Mr. Moorhead, continuing, said that a totalisator was a lottery. Mi'. Justice Hensman: No; it is dis tinct. In a totalisator a man selects iii? horse. A lottery is purely chance. Mr. Moorhead said, that it was . ne cessary also for die informant, to show that tlie public resorted to the shop for the purpose of betting with the appel lant, and, as he said, one instance did not constitute a user, a resorting .to. The verb 'resort' had been held to mean 'to go to, to frequent.' , Mr. Justice Hensman: It is a curi ous thing that the magistrate _ did not send up the ticket as an exhibit. The Chief Justice: It is the magis trate's duty to see that the exhibits are attached to the case. Perhaps Mr Wood will see that the exhibits were sent up in future, Mr. Wood said that the magistrates usually sent up the important exhibits/ and he would see that it was done. Mr. Justice Hensman said that all the exhibits should be sent. The magis trate could not determine what was important. Mr. Moorhead referred to die ques tion of corroboration, and that the evi dence of the police was the evidence of accomplices. Air. Justice Hensman: It seems to me strange that if these places are kept open to the public, that some hon est man could not go in and see what was going on, without betting himself and procuring the offence. The Chief Justice: I think it is well that the police should understand that it is not necessary for them to go the whole length of committing the offence to give evidence. It is sufficient that they should go in and look about them and see what is done. That would be good evidence. I expect it is a mis take on the part of the police, who do not know what evidence is. Mr. Justice Hensman : They have intelligent people over them, who do know What evidence is. The Chief Justice: I cannot help blinking— looking at the evidence of Byrne and Dunn— that they thought it was necessary to do the act of betting to give evidence. I am surprised that they are not properly advised. Mr. Justice' Hensman : It is not aecessary for them to join in commit ting the offence. You should not in duce a man to do that for which you are afterwards fgoing to prosecute iiim. The Chief Justice, in giving judg ment said that the answer to the first question would, as Mr Moorhead had conceded it. be in the affirmative. The second question was somewhat prema ture, in point of logic. It read, 'Was I right in inflicting penalty under the. Act?' The answer to that would be that he would have been perfectly right in inflicting a penalty if the charge alleged in the information. had been prcved. The third question was : 'Was there any corroboration of Police Constable Byrne?' and that raised the most important question. Corrobora tion was required, because the witness was himself an accomplice, a 'par- Siceps criminis.'' There was nothing, is- law, which settled the amount of corroboration that was necessary. That was a matter entirely for the Judge, and to his mind there was ample corxo boration. The ticket seemed to nun conclusive evidence of the truth of what the constable said. Mr Moorhead had argued very strongly diat the ticket that Nasmith swore to, and tlie one Byrne swore to, were different in cha racter. One was a totalisator ticket, and the other was the ticket of the cash fielder. He did not think that .mattered much. It was, at all events, corroborative evidence that gambling in some form or other was carried on on die premises. He thought that the appellant, had been rightly convicted-. Mr Justice Hensman said that he also was of opinion that the Magis trate was right in convicting the defend ant. , With regard to the evidence of the police, he said that they were not accomplices .who had joined in keep ing the house, or in going there to do what was contrary to law, but for the purpose of securing a conviction. He wished to sav again that as. those of fences appeared to be committed most openly, there was no necessity for the constables who went in — they Went in with their private clothes on— to get the person who was being charged to commit an offence.. It would be quite sufficient to see what was going on. The witness Byrne said that he went in for the express purpose of making the bet, which formed the subject of that charge. The other witness, Na smith, said that he had/been there and taken tickets before. He had won money there and drawn prizes. That was the man's own account of himself.' He thought that those who had instruc ted the police' should not /put them 'in what he considered a mean and de grading positionj; and, the police had no right to degrade their officers' in that manner. It was contemptible, in his opinion, and unnecessary. 'With re gard to the question, 'Was there cor roboration,' he said that the necessity for corroboration was not a rule of law,- .but a rule of practice, and it was. . a good, sound rule. In the case .of some of- those informers outside the police, he would' not attach the slight est importance to their evidence, and would not convict on their evidence'. However, the witnesses in that case were respectable people, and went to the defendant's place in the course of their duty. They were, however, ac complices at law, for the law made no distinction between the man who vio- , lated the law for a good purpose and the man who did'' it for' an evil pur pose. Moralists might consider it, but at law there was no distinction. He thought, therefore, that the Magistrate was justified, and that all the questions should be answered in the affirmative. M.r Wood applied that theN appeal should be dismissed .with costs. . , ^ Mr Moorhead objected. He said that costs were never given against the police, and that, therefore, they should not receive them. ; ; The Chief Justice said that in that case costs woiild.be granted, but' if in future it appeaxWd that the police had be-n instructed to take unnecessary ac tions for die purpose .of securing con victions, the Court would take it into consideration as a reason for refusing costs. . ; Mr Mo-orhead: Will not the Court take it into consideration to-day ? The Chief Justice: No. We have only pointed out to-day for .the first .lime that they may conduct these cases 'without participatiner in the. crime. 