THE TATE MIL C. P. COOKE. UNVEILING A MEMORIAL WINDOW. Tuesday,- 13th, inst, will long be remem bered at Coudah, for the deeply interesting function tliat took place at the Cimnh of -Eng land tliat afternoon. It is generally knou-n ; tliat the bcantifnl church which stands above adjoining land, were acquired by (he Church of England, almost entirely through the 'gifts and influence erf the late Cecil lMms Cooke, of Condah Hills, who, together with MrsvCooke, took a very deep and active personal interest in the advancement and prosperity of the entire district. Mr. Cooke was also a generous helper of the dioc&an; institutions. It" is -scarcely surprising, therefore, that the tinliop of the diocese, on a visit to fljis neighbourhood last year, felt inspired with a desire to sec some memorial of its wrtual fotmd« set up in St. Xboinas' Cfliurcli, and the Incumbent (Rsv.W. Buttock) and leading local churchmen readily responded to_ his sug gestions. The movement resulted in flic col- . lection of a sum sufficient to erect a stained- glass window to Mr. Cooke's memory in the church, some of the family adduig a brass inscribed tablet affixed to tlie adjoining, wall and recording the | rarposc of tlicinemorial. Tlie design of the window is as follows : —A figure of Glirist draped in a ruby coloured tipper garment, and bearing a bright lamp in the left hand and holding an the right band in benediction. Above Him mantles a fruitful vine, with rich grape clusters, and over all runs the legend, ' I am the Light of the "World," Tlie whole is a choice work of ecclesiastical art. The window facing the north is brightly illuminated and strikes the eye of every worshipper as he enters through the porch. The brass tablet with its inscription (including the illuminated escutcheon of the family) is a handsome one. Three o'clock was fixed for the unveiling, by which time the church was well filled, tbc residents showing the utmost readiness to evince their respect for the late Mr. Cooke, and their interest in the . proceedings. The bishop was attended by Canon Hayraan (a former incumbent of Condah) as sUff-bcarer aud Archdeacon AUnutt, of Portland, as chap lain. The Rev. E. G. Higgin, of Heywood, and Rev. J. H. Stable, of Lalte Condah Mission Station, were also present in robes. A short and appropriate service, with hymns associated with the Christian's hope of resurrection, was. devoutly 'joined in, after which tbo bishop and clergy, with the lion. S. Winter Cooke (ad vocate of the diocese), passed to Hie west ex tremity of tlie church for the unveiling. By the bishop's direction Canon Hayman here read the faculty authorising the erection of tiie tablet, after which the bishop offered the solemn dedicatory prayer provided for such occasions. lie then called upon the Hon. S. Winter Cooke to actually unveil the window and tablet. The drawing of a cord at once re leased a covering, which had hitherto con cealed both, and the window and inscription stood revealed. The bishop then pronounced the dedication, as follows : — ' To the glory of God, and in loving memory of Cecil Pybusj Cooke, of Condah Hills, I hereby dedicate this memorial window and tablet, in the name of the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen." ' Rcv.W. Pnttock, at the bishop's desire, read the inscription aloud to the congregation. All passing back to their places, the hymn was sung, when tbc bishop announced that th re would be no sermon, but a brief address or two, of an informal character, would be given..! He then called on Archdeacon Allnutt, who, from the chancci steps, spoke briefly, but in the most touching and impressive terms, of the work and worth of the de ceased, and the lessons bf liis life. He was followed by the Rev. J. H. Stable, who bore emphatic and most interesting testi mony to the help his work bad received from Mr. and Mrs. Cooke, and the abiding value csjieeially of the influence and instructions of the latter in moulding the character of the young. The bishop closed with a few words of tribute to his departed friend, but dwelt specially on the window and its suggestions. It presented to the view of every worshipper on entering, the figure of Him whom their late friend had taken for his Lord and example, and desired above nil to be honoured and obeyed by his neighbours. The red robe sym bolised Christ's burning Invinguess, the bright lantern the guidance and joy He only could imjiart to human life ; tlie fruitful vine, the deeds of Christian usefulness which would only be Gone by those in touch with His quickening grace ; the uplifted Land implied His office of perpetual benediction. A closing hymn brought the proceedings to an end, which were of a most impressive character. In the evening a still larger congregation as sembled, the church being full. The memorial character of the day was not forgotten in the hymns and special nrayers. i- — 