IN FULL CRY. By Richard Marsh. CHAPTER XXIX. The True Story of What Took Place in Embankment Chambers. "Who was that spoke ?" The question was asked by the judge. He looked angrily through his spectacles towards the spectators who were crowded together against the wall. A figure was threading its way towards the body of the court, the figure of a man. People made way for him to pass. "I spoke, my lord." It was Blaise Polhurston. He stood at counsel's table, looking across at the judge. "Who are you, sir?" " I am Blaise Polhurston. I am known to several persons who are present." "Well, sir, is that any reason why you should interrupt the proceedings of the court?" "You asked the prisoner if he had anything thing to say why sentence of death ahould not be pronounced upon him. I have something to say." The judge addressed John Armitage. "Do you know this person ?" John Armitage stood up. "I do, my lord." "If he has any evidence to give, why was he not called In the proper course ?" "I was not aware that he had any evidence to give." John Armitage leant over towards Blaise Polhurston. That gentleman waved him back. "With your permission I would prefer to say what I have to say to you direct, my lord, and to the jury, without the intervention of any third person." The judge regarded him with severity. "Is what you have to say of capital importance?" I would warn you that your conduct is most irregular and that it is a very serious matter to interrupt the court at this stage of the proceedings. "I am aware of It, my lord. What I have to say is of the first importance." "Then go into the box and I will hear you. Let this person be sworn." The oath was duly administered. The judge him self conducted the examination, such as it was. "Now, sir, what have you to say—briefly?" Blaise Polhurston spoke dearly and quietly, without hesitation, straight on. Although there was still that whimsical half-twinkle in his eyes he looked pale and worn: older than he had done of late. He stooped, as if he were tired. It was curious to notice how all those who were present. seemed to be dominated by his quietly spoken words. "On the twelfth ot December last I was penniless. One whom I held dear was starving. On the afternoon of that day I had seen Howard Shapcott. Once I had known him well, though it was years since we had met." "Had you parted on good terms?" "We had not. Nor did we meet upon good terms. He laughed at the plight which I was in; told me his address, and jeeringly asked me to come and call on him. When I returned to my lodging I found that the person to whom I have referred was, so far as I could judge, dying for want of food. I had no money with which to buy. For some days I had tried in vain to get some. I resolved to ask a dole from Howard Shapcott. On my way to him, in the hope that I might still be spared that last humiliation, I called at a common lodging-house, trusting that I might find there some acquaintance from whom I could obtain a few coppers. There was not a creature about the piece. The kitchen was deserted. As I was going out, I saw there was something on the mantelshelf. It was a revolver." There was an exclamation from the prisoner in the dock. "That's how it was ! I remember now that I left it on the shelf. That's what I done with it, and to think it should have come near to hanging me !" The movement as of relief which passed through the court showed what a degree of tension had been broken by the prisoner's words. The judge was minatory. "Silence, sir! How dare vou interrupt like that !" Yet one felt that his anger was an affair of the lips rather than of the heart. Blaise Polhurston went on. "I put the revolver into my pocket. l can give no reason why I did so; it was done on the impulse of the moment; and I proceeded on my way to Howard Shapcott." The judge interposed. "I feel it my duty at this stage to warn you to be careful as to what statements you may make, as you are in no way bound to say anything which may tend to incriminate yourself." "I thank you, my lord. I am aware of what are my legal obligations. And I will admit that I would not say what I am about to say had it not become necessary to do so, if an innocent man is to be saved from the gallows. "When I arrived at Embankment Chambers I found no one in the entrance hail." What time was that?" I should imagine about 10 o'clock." "The hall porter has sworn that he never left his post." "I found no one there. Had I done so, I take it that such a figure as I presented would have been questioned, if not refused admission. Shapcott had told me that his number was 212. I went straight up the stairs in search of it; to discover that I had set myself by no means an easy task. I wandered in all directions, up and down one corridor after another. " "Without meeting anyone ?" "Without meeting anyone. At last I found 212. Howard Shapcott'a name was painted on the panel. I did not knock; I turned the handle, found the door was open, and walked in.". He paused for a moment. Some of those who were listening apparently took advantage of the opportunity to draw breath. "Shapcott was seated at a writing-table.. As I entered he rose to greet me. When he saw that it was I, moving quickly past me he locked the door." "It was he, then, who locked the door on the inside?" "It was. He said as he did so, ' Since you have favoured me with this visit, we will secure ourselves from interruption.' I think that if I had known what he intended to do I should have prevented him; but his rapidity of movement took me aback." Blaise Polhnrston paused again, as if to arrange his thoughts. "I find it difficult to narrate clearly what took place between us: to place events in their exact sequence. I have endeavoured often to do so, to myself, but never to my satisfaction. I can only tell you the tale as I remember it. I saw at once that he was in a malicious mood—full of the old hatred for me, which feeling I returned in kind. "But I was in extremity—cold, wet, hungry, footsore, penniless, in rags; and the memory of the plight of the one I had left at home was tearing at my heartstrings, and made of me a coward. He was a prosperous gentleman, with the ball at his feet, at his ease, well fed—he told me he had been dining like a prince and drinking like a king. His tongue was like a rapier; mine never had been a match for his, then it was less so than ever. He ran me through and through; pricked me where he pleased; sought out my raws and galled them; while so abject was my condition, that I was incapable of even attempting to return the blows he rained on me. The apathy with which I took my punishment did not provide him with sufficient entertainment. He made an effort to rouse me to resentment; so he began to make sport of a great wrong which he had done me in the days of my youth, and his, and for which, at the time, I could have killed him—and would have, if I had had the chance. The villain!" For the first time the speaker showed a trace of passion. The epithet, though he still spoke quietly, was uttered with a sincerity which seemed to make it strike his hearers in the face. "He threw his wickedness at me, by way of a gibe, as the scoundrel that he was; for he was a scoundrel. I say it though he is dead; If I meet him in the shades I will say it to his ghost. I felt something in the pocket of my coat. It was the revolver which I had taken from the mantelshelf. I took it out and showed it to him. and asked him how he dared to speak to me like that when, if I chose, at any moment I could shoot him like a dog. He laughed, exclaiming that he was quite easy in his mind, since that sort of thing was not in my way, or I should have done it long ago; which, in a sense, was true enough. I found that, after all, I could not ask for the charity, the desperate hope of which had brought me to him. I felt that if I did ask, it would be. refused. But I could not ask. And since the jeering, hideous allusion to the evil which I and others had suffered at his hands had served to stir even my sodden pulses, I turned to leave the room. But he would not have it. From his point, perhaps, the sport had only just commenced. He saw plenty more of it to follow. His appetite was whetted, he would not have it baulked. As I turned he sprang forward, caught me by the shoulder, swung me round. That picture Is ever before me. I see him moving towards me, gripping my right shoulder, swinging me round. The rest is dark. That is all that I remember." "What do you mean by saying that that is all you remember? Though, mind, you are under no obligation to utter another word. What you do say will be said voluntarily, after being duly warned that, for you, the consequences may be most serious. I want you to understand that quite distinctly." I do understand. I do not speak with out consideration." "Very good. So long as you properly appreciate your responsibility for your own words. Now, have you anything further which you wish to say ? " "I have. At this point in my mental consciousness, there seems to have been supervened an Interregnum—a hiatus, which I have endeavoured again, and again to fill. The next thing which I remember is that I awoke out of what appeared to be a state of torpor, to find myself lying on the floor of what seemed to be a strange room. It was only after I had laboriously gained my feet that I realised that the room was Shapcott's. My brain was in confusion. I was giddy—objects were whirling round before my eyes; my limbs were trembling—I had to lean against the table to keep myself upright: I clearly recall how the sharp corner of the table penetrated the palm of my hand. Many moments must have elapsed before I was able to even remotely appreciate the true awkwardness of my position. "As my vision, mental and physical, grew clearer, I perceived that, immediately in front of me, something was lying on the floor. I had been dimly wondering what had become of Shapcott; here he was upon the floor. I wondered what he was doing there. Shapcott ! I said. "Shapcott ! He did not answer. answer. "Shapcott! I repeated: "Why don't you speak to me? What is the matter ?" "Again no reply. His continued silence began to impress even my blurred comprehension as ominous. Endeavouring to collect my thoughts, I regarded him with more attention, and was struck by the rigidity of his attitude, his complete quiescence, despite the unoomfortable posture in which he lay and the fashion in which his limbs were twisted. I bent over him. I touched him. He was dead. When I realised that this was so, I asked myself, in my surprise and my bewilderment, how the thing had come about. The only explanation which either then or since I have been able to supply, I offer you. All my life I have been subjeot to an affection of the heart, which has caused me on very many occasions, generally at moments of unusual excitement, suddenly without the slightest warning, to become completely unconscious. I have continued, sometimes for hours together, to be iike one dead. I can only oonjecture that, when Shapcott gripped me by the shoulder, I was seized by one of these attacks; that I fell; that in falling, the revolver which I was holding in my hand was fired, and that the discharge killed him on the spot. Whether the responsibility for this was his or mine I have been unable to finally decide; it seems to me that it must have been purely accidental. "I think it possible that your lordship may consider that, the facts being as I have narrated them, I ought to have gone straight away and proclaimed them to the first person I might meet. That also may be the opinion of the gentlemen of the jury. I did not do so. In the first place, although consciously, I had had no hand in killing Howard Shapcott, I did not regret that he was dead. Nor have I regretted it since. In the second place, I had cut myself adrift from my family; I had been parted from them for years ; I had sunk lower and lower in the social scale. I did not propose, if I could help it, to allow the fact of my continued existence to be brought to their notice. In the third place, the story which I had to tell was a strange one—as you will have perceived. It quite probably would nor have been credited. I did not choose to subject myself to the personal inoonvenience to which, in any case, its telling would have subjected me. And, in the last place, there was someone lying at home, who, quite probably, would die, if I did not hasten back with succour. Some coins were lying on the floor. They had probably fallen from Shapcott's pocket. I do not know what was the exact amount, but, whatever it was, I snatched them up. A ring and bracelet also lay close by him. I took them too. Opening one of the French windows, I saw that there was a balcony without. Stepping on to it, I pulled the window to behind me. Moving along the balcony I found that at the window of the next room the blind was up. Just inside, a man with a black beard was stauding, his face against the pane. I felt that he must have seen me as I passed. I was seized with a panic of fear. I rushed frantically on. At the end of the balcony was a waste-water pipe, fastened to the wall. "By its aid I descended to the ground. I am no athlete. I have surveyed the scene since, and it has been strongly borne in upon me the most mysterious part of the night's proceedings is how by the employment of such means I could have safely reached the ground. "Nothing which I have said has been offered in extenuation of my conduct. I have no wish to excuse myself. As clearly and briefly as I could I have laid before you the facts of the matter as they are known to me. Up to now they have been known to me only. I should have continued to keep my own confidence, had it not been for the verdict of the jury on Robert Foster. It has not been part of my intention to allow him to suffer for a crime which was no crime, and of which he, in any case, was wholly and completely innocent. That, my lord and gentlemen of the jury, is all I have to lay before you." The silence which followed the speaker's words was broken by the sound of a feminine voice. A door was thrown open; a woman came hastening into the court. "Gentleman ! Gentleman !" she cried. "I heard you speaking! I knew it was you !" Before anyone could stop her, she had pushed her way through the people to where Blaise Polhurston stood. It was Pollie Hills. He turned, as she came, and took her in his arms, before them all. "Pollie ! We meet at Philippi !" Although it was not likely that she gathered his exact Import, it was plain that her guess came pretty near to it. Her tone was tremulous. " What are you doing here ? You haven't been telling them anything ? " "Yes, Pollie, I have. I've told them everything—the whole strange story." "Gentleman! Gentleman!" * The usher's voice was heard. "Silence!' Order there !" The judge leaned over the bench. "What is the meaning of these extraordinary proceedings? Take that woman away." Pollie turned and screamed at him. "You touch me ! You let anyone so much as lay a hand on me ! You let'em dare !" "Look out!" exclaimed a voice. "He's going to fall." The allusion was to Blaise Polhurston, who did fall. Pollie caught him in her arms. She looked at him with a blend of amazement, horror, fear. "Gentleman!" she gasped. " What's wrong ?" There was nothing wrong. He was only dead. That affection of the heart of which he had been telling them had visited him for the last time. 