Something Sweet in Surgery. (By 'BQONDI.') 'Good morning ! How is your wife to Bay ?' said I to a rtather pompous friend, who has a weakness for using the- most high-sounding words at his disposal. 'In- disposed,' said he, 'exceedingly indispo sed; in fact, she will enter the hospital to morrow.' 'Indeed !' I exclaimed, 'what is up ? Nothing very seTious, I hope.' 'Oh no,' was the naive reply; 'it's merely a surgical matter — nothing serious at all.' ? ? ? » Happily for themselves, most people en Joy a similar amount of blissful ignorance respecting surgical matters, as my friend does. Most of us, for example, are apt to look back through the ages past somewhat pityingly, marvelling how the ancients struggled through the dangers of life with out our own marvellous medical and surgi cal skill. Such egotism receives a bad bump when we find that not only do savage tribes practise our most wonderful opera tions to-day, but that pre-historic 'medi- cine men' were as daring ajid probably as successful as the most skilful surgeons of our own day. The remains of the stone epoch show that skulls — mostly those of children — were opened in order to facilitate the cure of some internal malady. It is further known that persons who survived the operation of trepanning were regarded as enjoying powers of a mysterious charac ter, and that on the death of such indivi duals pieces of their skulls were secured by the survivors, who kept the fragments as memorials or relics, often wearing them rogund the neok as amulets. * * ? ? This, by- the- way, recalls the true tale of a lubra, who at the close of the inquest hel-l on her dusky lord a few days ago, begged to be allowed to keep the left leg, Which had been severed from the body by the ac cident which had caused death. And on be- ? ing asked why she made such a strange re quest, the thoughtful lady explained: 'Some day me get mallied again. Den me tie up dis leg, an' Charley's ghost not able chase me 'bout an' spoil all 'em fun.' ? ? ? * ? That the ancients used anaesthetics is very certain also; the juice of the poppy or the mandrake and other narcotics being em ployed to diminish sensibility to po-in. He rodotus, writing 2500 years ago, declared ?that the Scythians used the rap or of hemp seed for the purpose, and some assert that ?the Greek physicians produced hypnotic in sensibility before commencing an operation. Pliny, who died A.D. 79, says that 'a de ooction of mandrake is taken before cut tings and puncturings lest they should be felt,' and the Chinese used hemp before hacking also. Verily, there is nothing new under the sun — not even New 'Women, for it was probably one of her class that led to the ruin of the Man in the Moon. The skilful style in which savages get through surgical work with the most primi tive tools is simply astounding. Speaking of trepanning, for instance, the Rev. Mr. Crump says: 'The New Britain natives have performed this operation from the time immemorial, and that without the aid of chloroform or antiseptics, but simply with a piece of shell or obsidian for a trephine, and the not-over-c.lean finger-nail for an elevator. A sling-shot is generally thg cause, and there is no doubt aibout it if the hf-ad gets a crack from one it is frac tured all right. The wizard makes an inci sion like a Y with 'his obsidian over tho place of fracture, and, turning back tha scalp, the fragments are cut, scraped, and cleaned away, leaving the brain quite ex posed to the size of half-a-crown. The flan is then restored, a few bruised leaves spread over, and the whole tied up with wide strips of the banana stalk. In five or six days the bandages are renewed, and in three weeks the man is ready to give or take another broken hoad. Mr. Crump quotes rhe case of one dusky warrior whose 'cobbora' had been trepanned on the right parietal bone, and the orifice 'had nearly be come closed with new growth, but the owner was 'spoilin' for a fight' by that time, and, going out on a stouching expe dition, he got 'one for his nob,' which stiffened him beyond recovery. » * ? ? By way of showing the widespread igno rance which' exists respecting medical mat ters, a leading surgeon informed a London periodical that nine out of ten people be lieve ?that the eye can be taken out for re pairs, just like the works of a watch, and again replaced in the socket precisely as it was before. A moment's reflection ought to 4Ehow anyone how impossible this would be. As a matter of fact, the eye is held in place toy no fewer than six taut muscles, and in order to turn it out of the socket, at least four of these would have to be cut through. Besides, it is connected with the brain by a rhick nerve, which cannot be stretched, and it is also connected with the inside of the skull by blood vessels, and if these were cut they could never be re-united. Perhaps a time will come when a dead man can be restored to life, but you may feel . perfectly sure that the removal and re storation of the eye is a surgical feat that ?will never be performed. » » » » ? Then there is the universal fallacy a;bout the liver. I dare say that a million of money is spent every year on the livers of Great Britain, and a'boivt nine hundred thousand of that sum does harm instead ot good. The liver is subject to' about one .hundred diseases, and the cure for any one ?of these may intensify any other of the ninety-nine. To take one case as an ex ample, the liver may be making too much ?bile, or it may he making too little. Ob viously, tbe remedy for one of these dis orders would make the other worse than ever. So that when a person recommends something as being good for the liver, just think that it may good for his liver, but not for yours. « * 9 * The same authority most ungallantly says: 'Women are far worse than men in their belief about the body and its ail ments. I am quite sure that out of every one hundred children who die under one year old, fifty are actually killed through the mothers' belief that food is not nou rish Ins unless it is solid. Thev don't under stand that milk has an immense amount of solid matter dissolved in it, as sugar is dissolved in water, and so they give the ?unfortunate children cornflour and bread, whicra they can no more digest than they cou'd digest iron nails. The result is a short life of misery, and then death. While those of us who manage to survive are made martyrs to dyspepsia all our days.' ? » * * Many beliefs are merely absurd without being dangerous. ' Hair, for instance, is composed of almost the same material as the finger-nails, and it is perfectly dead. Cutting the ends of it cannot possibly make it grow, although it does prevent the hair from splitting up; nor can the hair become white in a night, no more than a wig. When novelists, too, by-the-way, describe a per son's hair as standing on end, they speak of a phenomenon that is perfectly impossi ble. Many of the lower animals have little muscles attached to the hairs by which they can erect them; but human beings have.no such muscles, nor any other means cf making the hair stand on end — except their hands or a comb and brusah. * * » » One of the most startling discoveries of medical science is that made by a German doctor, who confidently asserts that rheu matism may be cured by the sting of a bee | or, rather, by a great many stings. To 173 patients he has applied 39,000 stings with the most gratifying results. The num ber sounds a little alarming; but he assures us that 'after the first sting the pain be comes less and leas, till at last it's gone;' and when it goes rheumatism departs with it. This reminds one of the cow's tail that could have reached the moon — if it had been long enough. Ouir 'rheumatiz' oan be cured if we are only stung enough. We can sit out of doors and read or count in safety, for where the person is there is also the anti dote. Apart from the revival of a charming and poetic practice thus ensured, it is 'a matter of congratulation in the present de pressed condition of our agriculturalists that a new 'health resort' — the beehive — will now be established among us. Bee masters, at least, will flourish. Orders from rheumatic patients for a couple of pounds of bees (by parcel post— one hopes not with 'the .fciyls open') may confidently be expected from all quarters. I only wish that a certain persistent buzzing in my ears (which friends assure me arises from 'a bee in my bonnet') could be somehow utilised for my. rheumatism. ? ? * a Much has been done of late to alleviate the sufferings of those compelled to under go surgical treatment, atnd this recalls a good story told. by . my friend Bailey, con - cerning one Mr. Coville. It seems that the paid Coville was mooning round at midnight to eject a noisy cat, when a friend staying in the house mistook him for a burglar, and filled his lower limbs with a large supply of shot. This compelled the sufferer to pur chase an invalid's chair, that can be moved by the occupant to form almost any posi tion by means of ratchets. Mr. Coville was. very much pleased with this new contri vance, and 'tho first afternoon did nothing but sit in it and work it all ways. He said such a chair as that did more good in this world than a hundred sermons. He had it in his room — the front bedroom upstairs, and there he would sit and look out of the. window, and enjoy himself as muchasa man can whose legs have been ventilated with shot. Monday afternoon he got in the chair, as usual. Mrs. Coville was out in the back yard hanging up clothes, and the son was across the street drawing a lath along a galvanised-iron fence. ? * ? * Sitting down, he grasped the sides of the chair with both 'hands to sefrtle it back, when the whole thing gave way, and Mr. Coville came violently to the floor. For an instant the unfortunate gentleman was be numbed by the suddenness of the shock; but the next he was aroused by an acute pain in each arm, and the great drops of sweat oozed from his forehead when he found that the little finger of each hand had caught in the rackets, and was as firm ly held as if in a vice. There he lay on his back, with the end of a rung sticking in his side, and both hands perfectly powerless. The least movement of his body aggravated ?the pain, which was chaising Up his arms. He screamed for 'help, but Mrs. Coville was in the back yard telling Mrs. Coney, next door, that she didn't know what Covilie would do without that chair, and so she didn't hear him. « * ? * Again he shrieked 'Maria !' but the ma. tinee across the way only grew in volume, and the unconscious wife had gone into Mrs. Coney's and was trying on that lady's new blouse. Then he prayed, and howled, and coughed, and swore, and then apolo gised for it, and prayed and howled again, and screamed at the top of his voice the awfullest things he would do that boy if Heaven would only spare him, and show him an axe. Then he opened his mouth for one final Shriek, when the door opened, and Mrs. Coville appeared with a smile on her face, and Mrs. Coney's blouse on her back. In one glance she saw that some thing awful had happened to Joseph, and with wonderful presence of mind she screamed for help, and then fainted' away, and ploughed headlong into his stomach. Fortunately the blow deprived him of speech, else he might have said something that he would ever have regretted, and be fore he could regain his senses Mrs. Coney dashed in, and removed the grief-stricken wife. ' But it required a blacksmith to cut Coville loose. He is again back in bed, with his mutilated fingers resting on pil lows, and there he lies all day concooting new forms of death for the inventor of that chair, and hoping nothing very painful will happen to Coville, jun., until he oan get well enough to administer it himself. Such is Bailey's sorrowful story concerning a surgical comfort of the present day. P.S. — In reply to 'N.,' Dubbo, and other bind friends, who advise me to take 'plenty of out door exercise,' I must mdly say that although I can walk, still it is very weak walking', and I'd be a poor ped to back for a 'Carrington' or '?Botany.' Everything seems 'cronk' with mo at present, except one little bit oi brain — the bit 1'; write with. When that goes the puzzle will be — Find 'Boondi.' 