Frightened to Dentil. A coebespondent aends the following startling narrative to the Daily Chron icle'.— i The peace of a select circle in Oxford is just now considerably disturbed by the; facts having leaked out concerning a very thrilling ghostly visitation which happened a few weeks ago in an old house, reputed for a long time past to be haunted. No tenant had been found sufficiently bold to hire ,it until lately, when some young ladie^connected with the "Salvation Army tinder the head of Miss W a well known worker among the poor, ventured to take.it off the landlord's hands for a small rental. The first night thoy slept there they were much disturbed. by uncanny noises and by strange sounds, of. the ' moving of furniture. Determined to discover the truth, they set. to "work in a very metho dical way jiouring the staircase, so as to detect the. footsteps, and by pasting up the fireplace. They moreover induced the policemen to watch the house, so as to pre vent,-jany kna vish attempts upon their credulity. " ■% ' ,r,1 ' " -The result was highly*unsatisfactory, for on the aecond night offcheir stay they all Baw the figure of a woman apparently issue from tha wall, aqjl.i-pass up the staircase and vanish. Mies W——-de clares that the apparition actually ' passed through , her own person, as' through a door.' On the following night. Miss W—w^s upstairs, the other two. ladies remaining in the pajrlour. Suddenly Miss W- hoard an awful scream, and rushed down to see what had happened. On the stairs she was met by the ghost which oneec more 'passed through her.5 Nothing 'daunted, the brave lady pro ceeded to look for her companions. ■- -She foand one of them in strong convulsions and the other in a dead faint. The^dlpartof ihestory is that one young lady haB since gone raving mad froiij: the effects of the fright, and the other died alew days ago from the same cause. - Iheghqst is tbat-of a tall female in a long gray dress or robe. . Au^aquiridm will be one of the attractions at the Paris Exhibition. A dark incline" will iead visitore to it, and suddenly they will feel as iflransported to the yerybofctem of thesea,,in the midet of marine landscapes "antF Inhabitants of the ocean. Immense glass tanks will farm the ^aqaarinmproper ; while the" buttresses, piilare, and ginfere ased as frames for the tanlis and for 'bond ing Jhe glass together will "be entirely oon oealed auder roolte, 