WAR BY BIOGRAPH. The new Biograph, of which Messrs. Wyld & Freedman have sole Australasian rights, will be presented at the Town Hall this evening, and on subsequent days dur- ing the week both afternoon and evening. The entertainment is entitled "In Sonth Africa with the Troops," the feature of the war pictures being that they are not "fakes" or rehearsed. The Biograph Com- pany sent out a special staff with appara- tus, and it is claimed that all the pictures of South Africa are genuine records, and in some cases taken when the operators were actually under fire. The series of pictures is so large and varied that space prevents mention of all. It may be noted that this Biograph is a great improvement on all machines of a kindred nature, as there is an entire absence of flicker so trying to the eyes. This is accounted for by the fact that other machines run 15 pictures to the second, whereas the Biograph reproduces from 40 to 60. The war pictures are, to most of the audience, the chief attraction. There is one, a view of Frere and Chievely camps, that alone is worth the visit. The moving picture is taken from a train cir- cling round the camp. There is the camp, the men and horses by the tents as the train speeds on its way. The pas- senger — for that is really what each person in the audience is—notes the horses picketed and the occasional soldier looking at the train as it goes on. There is the wide veldt dotted with the white tents, and the horizon broken by the pro- truding kopjes. All the sights fly by rapidly and realistically, and the specta- tors actually run through the camp as com- pletely as, and with much more safety than they could do, if they were actually on the spot. The landing of the New South Wales Lancers at Cape Town is one of the best and brightest of the whole series. Lord Dundonald's cavalry near Spion Kop shows the whole of the manœuvre, the rushing up of the cavalry, the dismount- ing, the taking of the horses to the rear, and the rapid sinking of the khaki as the soldiers lay flat and prepared for the fight. Her Majesty, the Prince of Wales, Lord Roberts, and Sir Redvers Buller form leading figures in different reviews and war pictures. The big guns firing, the am- bulance at work, the men striking their tents, the engineers repairing the bridge over theTugela, find living representation on the screen. Peace hath its pictures as well as war, and a trip through Derbyshire (on the train), a trip to Windsor Castle (on the train), Henley regatta, a military steeplechase, and a terrible fall from a horse at Aldershoft are splendidly realistic. All persons who feel an interest in the war, and any person who wishes to know the point of excellence to which modern photography has reached, should see the Biograph at the Town Hall. Messrs. Wyld and Freedman bring with them their own electric light installation, so that no ex- pense is spared in keeping the entertain- ment up to the standard of the Palace Theatre, London. The season is one week only, and from Tuesday matinees will be given in addition to evening performances, at which humorous films will be shown for the special amusement of the little folk. \------------------------ In the Soudan horses are shod with camel's skin. Until recent years dictionaries were com- piled somewhat carelessly, words being merely copied from one to another; thus there is a list of actual bogus words that have dictionary authority. An instance of this is the Word ''phantomnations," given as meaning the gibberings of ghosts, with Pope as an authority. It is simply a case of misprint, Pope having spoken of "the phantom nations of the dead," and the compositor having "run the two words together," as printers say. Old issues of Webster and other dictionaries contained this word. Charitable persons send £6,000,000 every year to the secretaries of charities and mis- sions in London. Of this sum, Rev. Charles Herbert say, £1,280,000 goes to foreign missions, and £405,000 to home mis- sions. The sum of £830,000 goes to or- phanages and children's homes; hospitals receive £869,000; to aid ministers, support their widows, and educate their children, £449,000 is spent; £220,000 goes to the aged poor; £181,506 is spent in the interests of sailors and their families; £119,000 goes in attempting to relieve and convert Jews; £111,000 is invested in training candidates for the ministry; £110,000 is spent in issu- ing religious literature; £106,000 is devoted to relieving general distress; and £100,000 goes to the lifeboat service. 