1 £ Yorkshire G-bosfe Story Burton A.gnpsN Hall, . near Hull, the country, seat of Sir Henry / Somerville Boynton, who died recently, has an ex ? ' Inordinary ghost story attach ed to it. In the time of Eliza beth the hall andestates became vested in- three sisters, co heiresses, ' ' who - determ ined to Have erected for themselves and 4.U cj — ij' — ..1. ? ? ' x -uueii p^MJcuuau us ? i»utJ '.'.pimtsm f. mansion, to replace -the other |l btiiftiagc i The younger of the three \- sisters, who had taken a special interest in the erection of the new house, was brutally mal treated by some ruffians when pacing a visit toHarpham Hall, the residence of Lady St. Quentin, and died very shortly after. - Before her death she made her sisters promise that , - her head should be - removed \ from her body and preserved within the hall, to remain there for ever. She also left a weird message ' to: future owners of the house, tliat if they disobey ed these in junctions she would render the: place uninhabitable Her sis ters, who' had only made the promise to pacify her, had the' bjtfliy interred in the church without decapitation. A very short time afterwards such ter rible disturban ces took place in 'Boynton -Agnes Hall that the , servants refused to remain in it, and it became, in truth, impos ' siBle to live there. The two \- sisters then consulted with the \- vicar of the parish, and had the coffin opened 1 - it was then found that tke ' - head was served from the body „ and rapidly assuming the ap pearance of a fleshless skull. -The skull was duly taken to the house, and placed on a table in the hall, where, with the ex ception of very short periods, it has remained .ever since. On one occasion a maidservant \- secretly threw i£ from a window on to a waggon, which remain ed immovable, uritil, terror struck with what she had done, the girl confessed; and the skull was restored to its place. At another time the Boynton of ~ the day, ignoringor disbelieving the story, caused the skull to be buried in' the garden.- - The result w^s dreadful wailings. numerous unexplained crash ings were heard about the hall, and only ceased when the skull was reinstated. 