RED ROSES : A UYSTEllY, nv \COMPLETE IE TBJS ISSUE. Ii. T. MFA.DE, Author of " Tho Yollov Drawing Room," " The Medicino Lady," "Tho Siren," "Tha Wooing of Monica," / ' "Dr. RumBoy's Patient," &C.;, &o.; c0pibi6ht. r H E house was very tall and nar row and thin, and it faced tho sea. It. stood on. tho top of a hill, and there was a long gardon at the back and a big courtyard in front. It was a slim house, with as little body as possible. 'The sun, however, shone in at all the windows, and in every direction, from. every point of view might bo seen the spark ling blue waves and the low hills at the other side of the Bay, and the fish- incr smacks and nleasure boats sailing on the bosom of the water. The view was all that was picturesque, and the house itself, notwithstanding that the winds howled through it in winter, and the sun seemed to scorch it in summer, was a favourite residence. It was never long empty, but there was ono curious thing about it. The tenants who came went away as a rule at the end of fhe first year. They made no complaint whatover, they never said that they found the place 1111- comfortable or that the moaning of the wind kopt them awake, but nevertheless they gave notico to their landlord, packed bag and baggage, and made off. Ono of tho chief characteristics of tho place was the profusion of red roses which climbed up the walls of tkq old gray house and bloomed in tho garden — red roses of every shade and Variety, blossoming abun dantly and shedding their petals all over the ground. Some of them grew in clus ters, some singly— some were of a deep crimson, some were .of a paler shade, but all of them had damask hearts and tho sweetest perfume, and seemed to betoken lavish plenty and happiness and goodwill. Nevertheless, there was a legend about the oli house which referred to the fact that there was a certain mystery about these roses, that they had been planted by one whoso lot had not been happy, anil whoso death had been dark and terrible. There was a room 111 the house with a stain on tho floor which 110 amount of scrubbing and soup and soda could remove. It seemed to be indented into tho very boards, and this room was not a restful chamber, and only those whoso nerves were of the strongest cared to sleep in it. Putting all these circumstances together, the house was let at a low rent, and when 011 a certain summer's day I came to Aiver- stoke to look round me fin" a cheap and cheerful habitation, I was much taken with the slender house and its graceful surround ings I inquired of tho landlord, who told me that I could have it for the moderate sum of £30 a vcar. There wero plenty of rooms, good-sized ones too, tho air was of the freshest and sweetest, the roses wero in perfection, and I closed with the matter immediately. In a month's time I arrived 011 the scene with my sister, a little older than myself, and a '.great invalid. Our furniture lmd gone 011 before us, mid soon we were comfortably settled 111 the tall house oil the top of the hill We knew a few friends in the place, who called 011 us and expressed surprise at our settling down in their midst. "Though why. Miss Lovcll, you should have come to this especial house , baffles 111c," said Mrs. Hornibrooke, a buxom lady of about thirty years of age. % " And why not this house?" said my sui ter. She came forward to a chair close to Mrs. Hornibrooke, and looked up into her face. My sister Josephine had a thin face, pale, big blue eyes, and light-brown bair. She had the somewhat worn appearanco of a per son ill bad health, but there was a look of such dignity about her, her manners wero so gentle, her voice so sweet, that most people fell in love with her 011 the spot. As for mo, my name was Patricia, and I was round and buxom and rosy, and pro fessed to laugh at nerves, and, as to ghosts, I did nob believe in them. Well, Mrs. Hornibrooke now looked mys terious, aud nodded her head, and said : ( "Notwithstanding all those red roscjj .111 tho garden and the sunshine and the big rooms, I would, rather have a little house, with no garden at all, in the town." "Why?" asked Josephine. " Because, my dear, I value my quiet nights, '1- was her ambiguous reply. Ahother visitor who happened to he pre sent gave her a warning look, and she did not say anything more. Josephino glanced at me. ' I shook my head emphatically. " Now you want to toll us that the place is haunted," I said, " and neither Josephine nor I believe in tlie very least in ghosts." "Ah, well, dear, ah, woll," said Mrs. Hornibrooke, in a still more ambiguous manner. "Nonsense, Mary; the girls have come now, and must innko the best of things," snid a Miss Johnson, who was also ono of our guests. " For my part, I think it' is very courageous of the Lovells to come here, and they may break down the super stition. All I can say is this, bliss Lovell : I hope you won't go at the end of the first year." . " Why should wo I answered Josephine ; "we have como to live here all our days." "Poor soul, poor soul," said Mrs. Horni brooke. " Well, there are plenty of houses to bo had in Alverstoko, and it is a pretty littlo place, and healthy too. You'll enjoy tha spring hero both of you with all the fishing. The mackerel fishing is 0110 of tha features of tho place, and it is a sight worth seeing when the nets are drawn up>." She turned tho conversation, tea was brought in ; tho ladies had a cup each, and went their way. When they were gone Josephine and 1 sat by the open windows of tho drawing room. The scent of the roses came in; they wore in perfection at that moment. " What a pity that they shed their petals so fast," I said. ?I hate waste of any sort. ' I tell you what it is, Josephine, we'll make some pot-pourri. I have got an old- fashioned recipo of my grand mother's. I'll collect the rose petals im mediately, and that shall be your employ ment." Josephine sat quite listless and still as I spoke. She often got into that state of mind, and I wondered what she was think ing about. "I would rather not," she said then, very slowly. "But why, dear; you are so fond of roses." " So fond of them that I havo come here against my better judgment," she answered. "Now What do you mean by that?" " I had a dream the night before I came, ono of those three times repeated dreams which make such an impression. In each of those dreams I was haunted by a man wbo said the ono sentence — 'Don't go to the house with tho red roses.' He was an ordinary-looking person of middle ago, with ' a freckled faco and a cruel sneer about his mouth. He did not belong to a past gene ration. He was clresse<j as any other man would bo in tho present day, but ho warned me most emphatically, and I am sorry now that I did not listen to him." " Oh. nonsense," I answered, " anybody would have a dream of that sort, and you remember, Josephine, we were so excited at getting the house so cheap. . Well, for my part I 11m charmed with it, and I don't mean to leave it at the end of a year, what ever Mrs. Hornibrooke and Miss Johnson may say." " As we are here, we will stay, ' remarked Josephine. " I would not leave on any con sideration," she continued. "I am im- 'menscly interested." "In the house, dear, and the garden?" "In more than that," she replied very softly. "Now, Josephine, what do you mean?" " What I say, Patricia." Then she looked me full in tho face. " Have you slept woll since you camo here?' she asked. "Admirably," I replied. "I have been tired with the unpacking, and have slept like a top. And you, dear, your nights have been good, havo they not?" Fairly good; she answered, " but I am very much interested. I cannot say any more at present. Don't question me,' Pat." I'at was her uaroe for . me when she wanted to subdue me altogether. - I rushed away, brought in a cup of strong beef-tea, and made her drink it. "I declare," I said, "you must have heard some of tho neighbours' mutterings. The house is not haunted, there Is nothing whatever tho matter with it, and I mean to cover the dinner tablo with red roses to-night." So I did, and Josephine was just like her old self, very sweet and gentle and not at all depressed, and I rejoiced more than ever at our bargain and at the lovely home we had secured for ourselves. The next day I made arrangements with a boatman to take us out every evening on the water, and Josephine enjoyed her life moro than over, and more and more people camo to cull on us, and wo settled down quito snugly in tho beautiful little place, and I forgot the warning that the fadics had given me, and tho mysterious way they had 'talked about the red rosos. Summer passed away and winter came. Tho roses had all ceased to flower. In stead of flowers however they had put on scarlet berries and still they made a show of colour in the garden. I used to take great bunches of berries now to decorate the table with, and friends came to stay with us, very glad of tho change and of tho mild air -of tho South of England. I never felt so well in my life, bat there was something about my sister which did not quite please me. It was not that she complained, not in the very least; but she did not look well, her faco got thinner and thinner, and her eyes larger and larger, and she walked more feebly, and sat oftcner and oftener by the window which looked into the garden without speaking. " Does this place agree with you, Joseph ine?" I said' on a certain November morn ing- " Oh yes, dear," she replied. " Why do you ask?" "Only you don't look well."- " I am never strong, you know, Patricia. I am as well here as anywhere." " Would you like to go away for a. ckangoY Perhaps three or four weeks in land would do you good?" I queried. " I am quite well," she' replied. ' " 1 would not leave for anything." "And are you still interested?" I said. I bent forward as I spoke and took one of her hands. She was only twenty-four years of age, and I was only twenty-two. We were young still, with all our youth in us, and in all the world I loved Josephine best. I had never had any -lover, no love affair had in any way crossed my path, and I did not think I wanted one. My sister was all-sufiicieut to me, and now, as I looked at her pale, pale face and noted her hand, which was thinner than it ought to be, I asked her again, almost passion ately : "Are you still interested? " Very much so ; immensely," she an swered. " And do you still have bad nights?" "Not bad nights; but I don't sleep; at least, I sleep very little,"- she answered. I looked out of the window, the sky was leadon, and tlie sea was no longer blue, it was gray and angry with white horses, many of them riding on its surface. The pleasure boats had been all put away for the season, and tbe inhabitants of Alver stoko bad sett-led down to their winter avocations. " After all, it is a dull little place," I said, " when the sun leaves tho water and the blue leaves the sky, and the roses cease to bloom; it is not worth burying one's self here. Shall wo go to Italy, shall wo spend the winter abroad? I want you to get away from that which interests you aud which you won't talk about," I said to my sister. . "Oh, it is all right;" sho replied; "I wouldn't leavo for the world I am in1' tensely interested." That night the wind rose and tosc. It' roared in the chimney pots and through the long passages, and cried to us as if it- had a voice, and I thought I began to understand quite an ordinary and rational reason why the people who came to tho tall, thin house did nob care to stay there very long. It was only a summer resi dence : it was not fit for . the gales and storms of winter. I went to my window and looked out. Josephino slept 011 the drawing- room floor. She had the Jjest bedroom in tbe house. It went as a matter of course that she should havo this, for sho had always been 10 frail and delicate. ' My bedroom -was in tho top floor.. It had a dressing room opening into it, but there whs no other sntraneo to tho dressing room but through my bedroom. When I entered the room at night I as a rulo looked the outer door. Josephine used to lock her door too. It was a habit, perhaps not a very safe one,- which wo had accustomed ourselves. to. - We only kopt ono servant, a very good one, and she slept in a room in a .littlo wing off tho main part of the house.- Thus Josephine had tho drawing-room floor to herself, and I had the upper floor to myself. It turned cold, too, that night, very cold, and Josephine asked for a firo in her room. She never cared, that I should come into her room — I mean since we moved into the houso with the red roses. , When I went' to my room the wind had slightly abated, the . Are was laid in the grate. I felt for tlie first time since f entered this house a queer numb; mysterious sensation stealing over me. I 'did not like it. I said to myself, "My nerves urn giving way; Ike house of course is at', right, but it is the look on Josephine's face. . She ie fascinated by this queer houso. I wish with all my heart wo lmd never come." In order to dissipate my nervousness T set a match to the fire, which soon blazed up merrily. There is no such companion - for driving away depression as a bright firo. I sat over it, and presently, in order to heighten the effect, blow out my candles and allowed tho .pretty room to be lit by the flicker of tho firelight alone. . The wind, which had calmed down for a little,, now rose with redoubled fury. It shrieked and sighed round tho slender house, ' anil it seemed to me that the' house itself shook with tho fury of the gale. The little clock on the mantelpiece ticked away the minutes. I looked up and saw that it was between eleven and twelve o'clock. ' "Oh, come," I said to. myself, "I must get into bed, I shall be good for nothing to-morrow, and I waht to do a great deal." I had started gardening and the care.of poultry on a small scale, and wanted to get up early the following morning- to see after my pets. I took off my dress and hung it up in- the wardrobe. I put on a warm flannel dressing gown, and sat down-again by tbe fire! Raising ray band, I took down my thick, dark hair, -and began slowly to brush it preparatory to getting into bed.. As I did so I heard distinctly and very quietly in my ear tho following words : "Patricia, I want you at once.." I turned round. " Why, what in the world is the matter, Josephine, and 'how did you get. into the room? The door is locked," I cried. My heart beat fast. JoBCpliine was, not in the room, there was no one there, and yet 'I had heard . the words, " Patricia, I : want you at once." I must have dreamt them,' of course I had dreamt them. I walked as far as the door, unlocked it, and looked down into the dark passages. I could just see a shadow of the hall window and the shadow of tho stairs as they went down ind down towards tho drawing-room landing where Josephine slept. There was not a sound of any sort. I relookcd the door, and went baok again to my place by tho firo. "I am getting nervous, I said to my myself, "I understand now why people could not stand moro than a year in the house. Of course, Josephine did not speak to me." This thought had scarcely passed through my mind before I again heard the quietly spoken and yet intensely earnest words, 'Patricia, I want you at "once." "Oh I what is -wrong?" I cried. . I stood up and clasped my hands. "What is wrong with Josephine?" In my anxiety about her I almost forgot my own nervous troubles. I flow across the room, unlocked tho door, and rushed down stairs. I had got about half-way when I saw Josephine coming up to meet me. Her face was white, whiter than any living face that I had over seen. Her eyes were wide open and . staring ; she clasped my hand. . " What is it, what is it?" I said ; " what is the matter, Josie? Tell me, tell me." "What is the matter with you?"-;-.wa» her reply; "you called' me just now." " I did not," I answered. ' ' "You did— you Came into my room — at least your voice came, for the door was locked.' You said, ' Josephine;' I want you at once.' " "No, no, it wa3 you said that, I re plied. " You came to iny room though the door was locked, and you said, ' Patri cia1, I: want 'you at once;'" " Then wo were both called," said Jose phine. She staggered back against tho wall, her hands were looked tightly to gether. " This is very awful 1" she said. "Oh, never mind, darling," I said, "it must have been fancy on both our parts." " Fancy !" she said with a shudder ; " no, - Fatrlcia, if was tto'-'fitnoy.' YoU'h"6nrd the voice, you cannot deny it." .- .. " I certainly did.- We wove .both called, hut not by oho another. Wbo grants us, Josephine?" ' " God only knows," replied Josephine. " Wo must got out' of tills house, I said, "it is too awful." ' . " No, wo cannot leave," she replied. She turned to go back to her room. "Josephine,' I must steep -with you to night; you cannot bo alone." " I Cannot liav'o you," she said, "I, must sleep by myself. Ib docs not matter, it is only a continuation of what I liavo long endured, of what — ' \ '' "Of what "interests you?" I said. "Jose- -phine, you must not sloop alone in that room." - "I shall hot be alone," she snid. Tho expression on licr face' was quite awful. She closed the door very quietly, and I heard the key turn1 in the look.." For a. moment I had a wild desire to batter that door in, but restrained myself. What was the matter with iny sister? Was she losing lior senses? But, 0 God in heaven, wbo had called us? Who wanted 1110 at once? Who was tho awful being who also wanted Josephine at once? What was wrong? what was wrong? It is little to say that I did not sleep that night. ' I crept back to. my room, got into bed, and lay there trembling. No one re peated tho call, nothing" happened to dis turb me. The storm went down in the night. In the morning tbo sun Was shining brightly. It was a summer's day in the midst- of winter. I got up ; I felt old, as if quite ten years had gone over my head. 1 got into my alotheS, and went languidly downstairs. The sunshine and the look" of the waves oat- side, and the garden with some late autumn flowers still in till bloom, afforded me. little or no comfort. The house was haunt ed, .we must leave ib immediately. I de termined to take Josephine away by niein force. I in my rude physical health was surely strong enough to effect this removal. She seldom gut up to breakfast, and I did not expect to find her in tho breakfast . room that morning. But she was there, neatly dressed as usual, with jost her old dignity about her. She was standing by the table. . She turned us soon as ever 1 came in. I began tP spS53fr but she held "up her hand. "We will not mention it," she said, "1 would rather not-. We niust drop a cur tain between last night and to-day." " But 1 cannot, I must speak of iti" I said. "No," was her ahswer, "you must not. But, Patricia, I want to talk of something else." " What, dear? Oh, darling, how ill you look! . What do you want to talk of?" " I wish to move into another bedroom." " All," I said, " that is a good sigh ; but where? Could not you sleep in tbe dress ing room inside my room?" I continued, as a sudden idea came to me, " We should both he close together then ready to defy " "Hush!" said Josephine, "not that room I want to go into tho room with tho stain on tho floor." "Oh, but that room really is "haunted. . No ono will use it. You must not sleep tuvaui uvitujiuiuui "I wish to, I must," she answered. It was in vain for me to argue with her. From being an easily-led and in many ways an undecided person she was now like the finest steel. Nothing would move her — sho might betid a little under intenso per suasion, but sho always sprang back again to the same position. What sho wished to do had to be done, and she had her pretty bedroom exchanged , for a hideous apart ment looking out on to tho courtyard; a damp, dark, ill-favoured room, with that mysterious red stain on the floor. I my self rushed away when I saw tho ugly stain and brougbt-in a rUg to cover it, but when I went hack again an hour later Josephine had moved the rug, and the stain showed out a dull rcddish-browii on the white boards. "The statu which no oho could ever get out," I murmured to myself. Josephine bustled about putting the room into , order, and that night went to bed without a .trace of apparent nervousness in her manner. ' I also went to bed; and nothing at- all happened; but in the morning the look on my sister's face was terrible to see, and each morning now, as I watched her, her face changed for the worse, until from being a young girl, delicate it is true, but with all tho fragile beauty of youth, now' she began to age and ago, until from four-and-twenty she got to four-and-thirty and even four-and-forty, and even older yet did she look, and her light, soft hair be came flecked with gray, and her eyes grew larger and larger in her thin, thin face. When I felt her hand, too, it was very hot. I bore this for a month or two, and then I could bear it no longer. In spite of her self I was determined to take her out of that room. One evening late she went up there for a few minutes. I followed her — to my re lief she had neglected to lock tho door. 1 burst'it opeu and went in. "You must come away," I said, "you must Hot- sleep here another night." Kite latlgbed ill quite a strong way. " You would have to drag me," slie said, " with irou chains ; I shall not leave of my own freo will. I am discovering things." " "What?" I asked. "The mystery of the Red Roses," she replied. Josephine and I were not rich, but at the same time wo bad enough money for our wants. We had been left our small fortunes in a rather curious way. To each of us'- had been given £6000, over the in terest of which we hud absolute control during our lives, but we could not leavo the tncnoy to anybody else at our deaths unless indeed we were married and had children. If Cither of us died .unmarried the money would go to a distant ' cousin, whom we had nover seen. I ntention this fact because It has direct bearing upon what is left of my story. I ought also to add tliut we had novor seen our cousin, who lived, we sup posed, . in America, and was a man of un scrupulous character; nut at all an acquaint ance to be desired. During the days that immediately fol lowed my thoughts turned in a very queer way to this cousin, for it camo over me that he would soon receive Josephine's por tion, for suroly Josephine wits not long for tills world. Day after day her spirit shone more transparently through tho thin veil of tho flesh. Day after day the soul in her eyes come nuitrer to tho surface, until at last ns I looked at her I almost fancied saw tho wings growing, and that' tlie ethereal presence would not be much longer by my sule. -Christmas camo and went, tho snow lay heavy on the ground, and tlie flnal.tragcdy drew on apace. One day our servant entered tlie drawing room whore Josopliinp and I were sitting. Josephine, as usual, was -in the window where sho could- see the garden. The girl brought in a largo white paper parcel. "A J-,oy brought it," she said, "and there is no message. It Is for you, /miss.'! Sho handed tho parcel to my sister; Josophine openod.lt. As she. did so (hero tumbled out a lot of red, red roses, perfectly fresh end fragrant. ; They were not done up in a bunch, but lay loose and apart ono from tho other. They fell all over my sister's lap, -and some tumbled on to tlie "floor by her side. Where did those roses como from? Not from unyono in Alverstoko ; there were no red roses blooming oven in conservatories at this time of year. "What does this mean?" I said. "Who could have sent those lovely roses?" As 1 spoke I looked at Josephino ; her faco was wliilo as death. " Don't touch them," she cried, as I went forward and prepared to full 011 my knees to pick up several buds. " Oli, do let me smell one," I answered. I had not at first connected anything mys terious with the flowers, but when I looked at Josephino my heart Stood still. She was so white I thought she was going to faint. "No, I am quite well," .she answered to the expiessiun on my face, "but I want to' go to my room. -I will take the rosos there.". She gathered them all Up in the front of her skirt. " But why hot leavo them here?" I said. " Can wo not both enjoy them? They are beauties,", "Enjoy them? Enjoy them, Patricia!" was her strango remark. There Was a thrill Of absoluto fear in her words; (She left tho room, taking all the roses with her. Sho did not come down again to the drawing room during the rest of the day, and when the dinner hour approached I went to seek her. As usual, 1 found her door locked. " Oh, Josie, come down at once," I cried. " Dinner is Waiting." "1 am not . hungry, I could not cat," she answered from within. But you must eat, urtd you must come down," I said. I began to fumble with the -lock, making a loud noise. "You must come down, I insist," I re peated. When I said this I heard her cross the room. She unlocked the door aiid stood in the untrunco. 1 pushed past her and went in. She lmd laid the roses on her lily-white bed, not iu any connected pattern, but one here Hnd one there, a few encircled the pillow, a few again lay at the foot of the bed. " Oh, don't, Josephine," I cried with a gasp. " Take those rosos off tho boil at once. It looks just asif; ns If— — " "As if what!" sho queried. " As if a dead person were lying there." "How strange of you to say that," re plied Josephine, smiling, "for there is a dead person lying on the bed; don't you see him?" " My dear sister, you are inad," was Irty answer. "No, not mad,", she answered; "011'y it is given to 1110 to see what is hidden from you. Theso roses aro for him ; but my red roses will come soon, very soon, l'a- ' tricia." Shu did not cry, but tears roso slowly to her eyes. There was nothing whatever to do but- to humour her. Beyond doubt lior nuitd was affected. ' Tbo liorror she had lived through since she came to this terrible houso hnd turned her brain. "I will fetch you bouic dinner if you won't come downstairs, and your fire must be lit immediately," was my matter-of-fact remark. Sho did not make any answer. I re turned -with the dinner oik a tray and lit . ller fire myself. I kept my back on the red roses, however. I could "not bear to look nt'them. . - Well, the very next, day a white paper parcel, containing more red roses, arrived for Joscphiuc. Another messenger brought tho flowers. I ran out- myself and ques tioned him, but he lia'1 nothing to tell nut. " I don't know, and if I knew I wouldn't say," was his answer, and lie turned away from niy retaining hand and flew down the court and down tile street. Josephine received tho flowers quito calmly. She took them immediately up to her room, and neither tlmt dav, nor the next, nor the next, would she allow nte to enter, although I begged and implored of ber to do so. Meanwhile her face grew more and more white, and thinner and thinner, and her steps were very weak and uncertuin, and the look in her eyes was that of a spirit shortly to be set free. At lust there came a day when no red roses' arrived. I saw that Josephine was waiting for them, but none came. That night, as she wus preparing to go to .her i'oont, she cattle ana kissed inc. She had Hot kissed me for a long time ; it was just aS if there were a wall between us. She kissed mo how very, very solomuly. " You have always been tbe very kindest of sisters," she snid, and 1 love yon Very, very much ; and when yoti conio to die I will meet you end I will bring — "What?" I asked, with a shudder. " Red roses," sho snid. "Oh. don't! Oh, don't!" I murmured. " I shall hale red roses as long as I live." " I have something to toll you, Patricia ; listen to me," remarked Josephine. I did not spiak. I looked her full in tho eyesi she was slightly taller than I. Sho laid her thin hand on iny shoulder. " You need not lie frightened," she suid. "After all, there is nothing very terrible. I have found out tlie mystery of the red roses. Oueo u tiuin lived liero, u poet, Ho lntd u great, warm, loving heart; ami he planted the garden with red roses just us you see them now, tho very siinie plants. Ho planted them, lie tended them, and lie loved them; and. there wits a girl .whom lie loved even better than the flowers, und lie ; planted them for her. liut she was faith- i loss to him. Sho left him on the ovo of her wedding and went away with another. The man, from grief and agony at his loss, com mitted suicide, and for this deed he was .doomed.- He was doomed to wunilor the earth uoti! " . " Until what, Josephine? Who told you tlim terrible, lugubrious, unlikely talc?'® " lie told me," answered my sister, " and ha told mo what his doom was. For the sin of hurrying to his Maker before bis call canto he was doomed to wander tbe earth until "Yes. ycR," I said: "until what?" " Until another Woman gave him lior heart aud was faithful to hint.' lie hail been long looking for such a woman, but when I runia here bin search ended. To night he lies dead upstairs and the red roses I received yesterday cover him. lie is my bridgerooni, Patficin. I shall lie by his side to-night, and— but do not ask me any more." She left tho room, I heard her go up stairs and lock tho dour of her dreadful bedroom . I spent a night too fearful to spenk of, and early in. the morning went to seel; her. The door, as usual, was locked, I called ; she did not answer. .1 shouted 1 sho did not reply. I11 terror I called our servant and tho door was broken open. We both went in. Josephine was lying 011 her bed quite dead. : There wns a smile on her' face and. a look of great happiness in her half-open eyes. . Red roses covered her, they were everywhere, somo lying on Iter breast, some olaaped. in her thin und cnid bands, they filled tho air with their exquisite per fume A part of the mystci'y of this strange story can never; bo explained. Did Jose- phino rcallv seo the spirit which haunted the queer old house, or was she the subject of. hallucinations from an early date after her arrival there?. I must wait until I too enter the spirit world to answer these ques tions. But something else was made plain, only, not, until Joqg years afjeiw;ards. At Josephine's death my cousin 1 eceived his share of her money, aiid I left the tall old house aiid trcnt to live elsewhere Years and years went by, my hair ivas gr ty, and I had ceased to mourn so bitterly for tho sister of my youth One day I received a message that a dying man wanted to see me. I obi ycd the call, for I could not well refuse, nil 3 found myself face to face with tho cousin who had inherited Josephine's six thousand pounds. Re then told nte of the ghastly trick1 lie had played. Being determined to get the; money, and as soon as- possible, lie bad followed us both to Alvcrstnkc, had determined not to make himself known, had heard the story of the house, had watched Josephine, guess ed tlmt she would be easily influenced by anything connected with the unseen, and had mmlo his plans. When It began to lie known about tho town tlmt my sister .Jose phine saw spirits, that sho was called liy an unknown voice, that she herself was grow ing thinner mid thinner und more and more spirituel, ho la-ought his wicked scheme to perfection. He sent for red roses to the South of Franco und sent them to her day by day. The roses linished tho work wltu-ti the haunted house had begun. Jos-ijilii;iii died, and our cousin inherited her nionov. But I have becii punished,"- ho said in conclusion. " for she haunts inc. I hnvo seen her genl'.e fnce over and over again since tho day of iter death, but now her spirit will rest for I have repented of my 3111," ' 