With the Bushmen. LETTER FROM A TASMANIAN. The following are extracts taken from letters received by Mrs Goucher of Ulver- stone, from Sergeant-Major Gouoher of the 1st Tasmanian contingent :— Marandellas, May 13. — Another budget, perhaps the last for sometime, as we leave here to-morrow. We had a church service this morning and a football match after dinner with the South Australians, resulting in a win for the Tassies, it was a smart game and created a lot of fun; We are to march for Bulawayo in easy stages of about 15 miles a day, and as it is about 300 miles we shall be quite 3 weeks on the road. Twentynine of our horses are dead, and my poor beast has been kicked so ter- ribly on the forelegs that he is a complete wreck. He has been sick but has fought hard for existence and is now improving but I am afraid I shall lose h'm, as I could not get him to eat his supper. It is hard to see them die just as we get fond of them and they of us, they look so piti- fully at us and beg so for relief. They seem to a appreciate the little kindness we are able to do for them. We watch and tend them night and day, but to little purpose. Some of our men will march the whole distance, and all must march more than two-thirds of it, as the horses are not strong enough to carry us the 15 miles. I am senior warrant officer of the 2nd regiment, in fact tho only one I think, and therefore I shall be regimental S.M. Captain Riggall is the senior cap- tain, and will probably be promoted to major, Lieut. Lowther, who was to com- mand one of our troops, is ill and has to be invalided home, so that one troop will be without an officer. Yesterday a num- ber of Mashona chiefs, about 70, came in to see our general to know the meaning of so many white, soldiers being in the country, and to see the Australian soldiers. They objected to pay the hut tax imposed by the Rhodesian Govern- ment, and we may have to make them yet, or fight. The Matabele are still rest- less, and cannot be trusted. Boer agents are all over the place trying to make them rise against the British. It only this railway system could be got into order, we should soon have plenty of troops and material to be able to deal with them. Food supplies and gear are very short, especially for civilians, who have to pay over 80 per cent, in excess of of ordinary prices. But is 12s 6d lb ; 5s for a tin of baking powder ; 3s 6d for a 2lb tin of treacle; bread, 1s 6d the 2lb loaf ; sugar, 1s 6d, etc. We get no news of the war. that can be relied on, as it comes to us either by native runners through Bulawayo, or by wire through Delogoa Bay. Eukoldoorn, May 21. — We are now out spanned, waiting for a supply of oats or mealies for the horses. I am busy as usual, and have only a little time, but I want to post here. We arrived last night and had a good long rest. The usual routine is to march from 4.30 to 8.30 or 8 p.m, Halt till 2 a.m., and march till 6 or 7a.m. This is done so that oxen and horses may graze during the heat of the day. The nights are very cold now, and we bivouac under shelter of the trees and shrubs. We are now about 90 miles from Marandellas. Our next township of any size is Gwelo,85 miles away, we hope to be there next Saturday. We have lost 3 horses this 90 miles, I had to shoot my poor old fellow two days ago. I have got his tail end in remembrance of the poor old boy. Poor old George Towers has gone into hospital this morning with fever, but, although he looks a good deal broken up, the doctor says that he ought to be on the road again in a few days. You will be glad to know that I am very well indeed, though S inches smaller round the waist. I am getting hard and well able to do my work. This is a wonderful country and will be a grand place to live in, say, 40 or 50 years hence, but to-day I should not care for these wilds. Kive-Kive River, May 25. — We are now within 17 miles of Gwelo, last night at 10 o'clock ou[?] span we all had a tot of rum to drink the Queen's health, which we did, with three hearty cheers and then sang the 1st verse of the National Anthem. It was a strange scene under grey stemmed trees, with overhanging branches whose leaves were stirred by the hot air, raised by our circle of camp fires, the horses just outside in the deep grass ; the men stand- ing in various attitudes and orders of dress according to the work they had just fin- ished, with pipes held low and tin pots raised singing lustily God save the Queen, all with heads uncovered except the night guard, who were armed with loaded rifles to protect us and the horses from the lions which were in the vicinity. One was seen devouring the carcass of a horse by the roadside, just where we encamped. We who get through will long remember this Queen's Birth- day. We hear that as men arrive at Bulawayo, they are sent by rail to Mafe- king to form a strong column to operate from the westward to Pretoria. We were all sorry to be detained so long on the road, to make us late for Mafeking relief. Yet we hear that some of the Beira route column were there. Our information is not very reliable, we have to trust to trekkers, etc., and when told around the camp fires it is generally taken cum grano salis. It will be a treat to git a letter. We are wondering about the camp at Easter, the birthday parade, the send off of troops, etc. We expect to be reinforced by the last lot from Australia. Qwelo, May 26 : Arrived at 8 a.m. after a pleasant march, had breakfast, a sleep and dinner. The town U not very large, but is n-'cely laid out, built of brick and galvanissd iron. We hear that one of tho mines here have sent in 2601bs waight of gold for. one month's work. Gwelo is the centre of the richest gold fields of tho country. We are now 24 miles from Bulawayo, after an un interesting march from Gwelo. We are engaged most of tho day trying to rid our few horses from tho tick pest. I am now silting on what was a battlefield in 1896. It is called Bambesi, or as some maps have it, Imbambesi. Two days ago we camped on the 1st massacre of whites in '96 which caused the Matabele war. A monument has been erected. I have enclosed a sketch which I made of it. Corpovnl Smith, of Wynyard, has taken a photo of it, and has promised me a copy when we return, and that will not belong, so far as I can see. We hear that Lord Roberts has occupied Johannesburg with out opposition. The oxen' havo just gone to be inspanned for our evening trek, so in 20 minutes we shall be on our way again. ? Bulawayo, June 4 — We arrived here on Saturday. At the end of the trek, I had a touch of malaria and - diarrhœa. We are - encamped for the present on the agricultural show ground but are to move into a permanent camp in about a week's time. The town has some fine buildings, I went to St. John's yesterday evening, the service wa a great treat, good sing- ing and the old hymn "Come Holy Ghost, our souls inspire" was sung as an anthem. The first part as a soprano solo, next a duet then the full choir. It was a mixed choir, but the males were surpliced. The bishop preached on Peace and good will. We then went to hear the B.S.A. Police Band, which is composed of some of the best musicians of S.A. I knew the last piece '"he Better Land.'"It was splen- didly rendered. We then returned to camp feeling more civilised than for weeks past, I was very pleased to meet an old shooting chum yesterday, Dan Gow of Launceston. We were soon talking mirage, fishtail, targets, etc. He is working at his trade and doing very wall. His chum is a sergeant, tailor of tho B.S.A.P., and was in Hobart, at Johnson Bros., Gore street, so I feel much at home.- Sergeant Kirton has invited me to the servants mess, and also to a picnic on Wednesday. The B.S.A.P. sergeants are going to the Khama ruins, about 15 miles away. They were dis- covered about 18 months ago, it is a city with a stone wall five miles in circumfer- ence, and is thought to be of the pre- historic age. Nothing is known of it except that Lobengula had his camp there. It is said that golden trinkets; have recently been found. Since leaving Marandellas orders have been issued for us to garrison Bulawayo, so that our chances of going to the front are very small just now. Our regiment is to be composed of Queenslanders, instead of Victorians, and Victorians and West Australians from the 3rd regiment. The 2nd and 3rd are to be camped together, and the 1stt at what is called the Hussar Camp. We are glad of that, as the 1st have got a bad name here as elsewhere. 