A ROGBE AND HIS MONKEY.' «it is« most extraordinary thing, Mr. Solomons, but the £600 bank-note I pat in to the «afe thin morning has disappeared.' .?YoudoVt»y»o,sir. »«?* me, how ' unfortunate, aafl how unpleasant for »» all. Of course, the ken b»v« »e«r left your possession (rinoe yon looked the note up?' « Sew ior * moment., Solomans,' said Mr Blohards, the .Manchester lawyer, as he ' regarded hU mean-looking chief clerk with the utmost perplexity from wbioh suBpiolon was entirely abeent. ' It fa quite bewdder ? ing. My dupUoate** teat home. Besides, ' % do not *ee how any thief could jet at the safe In the daytime, when we-are all busy around it. The look does not appear to have \- fean tampered with, the contents Are un disturbed, but the note is gone. 'Pardon me, ate, perhaps yon never put it In there at aU. Perhap* yon will find It in your pocket-book all safe and sound.' ' Don't talk foolishness, Solomang,' cried las employer crossly. Nevertheless he drew oat Us wslUt And examined its contents with ^*at delibemtion. He searched all his j*oketo, end turned «nt his private desk. -?A^nSamn^w -exclaimed, 'what an ate 1 am! ^Doatl^ow «u«k well that ijJaeed tt i «jatefnHy|h one otjlfce draw** of the safe, *i4|&-aowhere else.?'-' '?? ''?-'..? ?? ? , . '? ? '. .?_? %^«*Tmphr *he*)erk-nthe«p orchis, ► e4eniolder airougt iUi«g-Y hair a»l looked dreadfully concerned on his employer's account. ' ' Let's take out the drawer,' said \- he with *n air of inspiratiOn,Vand«e if the 'note has slipped behind 4fc' '..'*. . - . : . This was done, and the Interior of the sate ??'~ Ween to pieces as far as was possible; every nopkalidiiornerof 'the office was cleared tmti but the missing «? monkey ' — to adopt . the phraseology of ' Captain Ooe '-^was not * to be discovered. « U is a wystery,' saidttie-Bolicitor gloom- ily as he sat down exhausted by his exer-' tione; 'and I would nothave it ocourin this 9 lice for double the money.' . . ' Of course you have the number of the note r queried Solomans eagerly. ' Just so. Well, we mnst stop it at onoe. and— would you like me to oaUinthe police, sir ?' « Gertainly not,'.T«turned Mr. RichardB sharply. VvIdoTi^foran inrtant Suspect ,any one here. WofjmnaV of course, give in- , formation to the wSiojeitiea. Uut I do not wish to have any fuspmade.;- It Jtws not do a lawyer any good for his clients to hear that he haB been robbed, or so careless as to loose a valuable document.' ' Well, sir, I shan't feel comfortable or happy till we tod out what has become of it. Why, it is for all the world like a bit of magic' .- ?'. -?? It is beyond my comprehension.' But get on* with tkofle costs in the Siinmonds matter. I should iSte him to have the account in to morrow.' ' Mr. Richards forgot— or pernnpB ignores is the better word in the connection— the fact that after returning to the office from his lunch ho invariably foil asleep in his chair for a good 20 minutes. It was a mild -form of mania with him to stoutly deny that he ever did anything of the kind. This practice was, of course, well known to Solo mans, and on the day io-question, finding himself alone in the office for a few moments he had made himself possessor of the uncon scious man's keys. lake a flash he opened the safe, secured the note, made all again Becure, and slipped the bunch back into the ? pocket whore the attorney always carried it. Jnthe privacy of his own apartment that night Solomans produced the crisp note frojn ? wnerw-ntjnau most cuninflgiy Hid ft about his person. ' You're a beauty,' Baid he, as he flat ' tened it out, ' but gold is better looking, and gold you will have to be turned into my pretty one when the right time comes. You must go to the races, for it is only on the busy course that - you can be changed with safety.' He placed it in a small, tightly-fitting tin box. This he wrapped in several turns of oil-akin. The whole he dropped into a shallow tank, which stood on a ledge just outside his own window. ??Now the bobbies can come and search here till they are blind. They will never think of looking into our cistern for .a bank note ' complacently muBed he, as he made . himself ' fetching ' for his evening prom enade at the Gaiety. Solomans allowed a little time to pass Aefore 'letting his monkey have a climb for its money, 'as he termed it. In the meanwhile he had become confidential with a couple of sporting mechanics who very ranch preferred to play for something than to work for it. It is a fancy not byauy means confined to one class of the social scale. ' took here,' said he one evening to this ' pair, Swale and Hoggins by names, ?« if you two like to go to the races tomorrow I can put you on to two good things, and if you l. ^ nenn Hn»a fnr ITtA With AnV Of UXB SluBBua tfcww *?*#*?** »*« — ? — - I bookmakers you shall have BO quid-a- piece. Lor bless you! *e big bookies -don't think anything of charging what they call ' a monkey.' You Vmd best be well togged, you know,and put on a nice free and independent air. Mum's the word, and when you get the ' Btuff,' bold it firm. The commission delighted Swale and Hoggins imbibed with new and alarming gnsto at the prospectof.it. Naturally enough the first .bookmaker they attempted to negotiate with was a notorious welchcr. He took the measure of hia men at once. * He nipped off bis ohah- joined , them, and drew them away from the crowd. 'What do you think I am inade of T' ? -demanded he. ' Putty, mud, or tea leaves ? If I'd 500 seiners in my kick I should not have been on that perch. Look here. Have you any ready? A cpuple of -quid will take us into the enilosure. Once there I'll put a bit on for you with one of the levlathaus.and he'll smash the note for us like a bird.' The necessary funds were scraped to gether among them. Once, inside, the welsher criod, ' Ah, there's the red hot 'un I I'll do the bis with him.' . - He made a bet of £5 with this prominent member of Tattersall's ring, and returned to* the two workmen with £495 in change, which he handed to Swale. The three were now hand in glove for the day. The stranger in troduced his new acquaintances to his old friends, who showed a robust desire to make very free with them and their belongings. ' At last, and juBt before the final race, they j raised a cry of ' welchers ; ' againBt Swale , and Huggina, who after being stripped and! , «? teemed '—that is, turned on their heads '': ' . until noi a fraction remained about them— '-'?'? were so cruelly used that it did not seem ( '' \ likely they would ever again see Manchester. | After a little, however, they did manage to' | reach home, where Solomans, white with t anxiety, wob eagerly looking for them, and the produce of ' the monkey's climb.' The ^' tale they had to tell made him both sick and ( ' ' wrathful. It was in his heart to treat them to a volley of astonishing adjectives, but he remembered that, after all, he was in their power, and must grin and bear thiB collapse : of all his grand schemes. t | ' The only thing we can do now is to keep it dark,' said he. ' Don't either of. you. on any account, let on that I ever gave you a . 'monkpy' to change.' 'We shall be careful enough,' replied Swale sullenly, ' but I reckon we have got blows and bruises jnst in tryinp to do your bitNrf business for yon, and you'll have to keep us going till we are fit for work again.' Solomans remonstrated and rayed, all to no purpose. The blackmailing pair went aw^ywithtt sovereign each forintmediate needc, and they promised to' soon repeat their calls on himself and his exchequer. The bookmaker who had changed the Ill gotten note mob had information that it was stopped, but ha bad no difficulty in putting the police on to the welsher from whom be had received it. This worthy, in his turn, told his tale, and the authorities kept him for many days journeying about the highways and slum* pf Manchester in the hope that Ike might meet with, andldentif j Swale or Hug ftins, or both. Coriously enough, Fate preserved th« mechanics from being seen by the one in search of them. Often they mn close to one another; twioo they were all drinking in the same spirit vaults, and yet never came faoetofaoe. The neap that the authorities were on the track of his money of course reached Mr. Richards, and he began to nope that at last the mystery of its disappearance would be cleared. .Solomans also heard the tidings and he was thrown into a series of cold aweata. He . wag in ?, abject terror , for his liberty. He decided that there was no course go safe for him as flight. But he would not go empty-handed. ' The mere temporary possession of - that ' monkey '—which he apw anathematised with much increased vigour— had wbrtted his greed for more. His arariob wis after all keener than his des perate fear. He would make one more bril liant coup and then vanish from the legal circles of Manchester and of England for -ever.' ? / :; . His rather elaborate plans required a few days to perfect, and he was in aBtateofthe most awful dread all the time. Mr. Bich ardB was in London, and having- the coast clear Solomans, looking as bold as brass and as innocent as butter, called on the manager of his employer's bank. Ho Was well-known to the gentleman, being really a more fre quent visitor to the establishment than the lawyer himself. He explained that Mr. Hichards was out of town, and that they had a settlement for a client on the following morning over some house property, the amount required being £1,500. He had just learned that this client would not be able to arrive' with the capital quite in time. Fearing some Buch contin gency, Mr. Richards before going away had left his life policy and other securities, with full authorisations for Air. Solomans to pledge them with the bank for the loan of the sum named for a few days. They had do'nn such things for Mr. Rich ards before. The documents seemed to be in perfect order. With hardly any hesitation the manager told the cashier to hand over to Solomans £1,500. The little rascal would much have liked to have taken it all in gold, but he feared such a request might at the final moment excite suspicion and bring him once more to grief. Still, he got the bulk in specie and the rest in notes of £20. Once outside the bank with his plunder safe his sangfroid deserted him. His face broke out into a rash,and he could only think of one thing, and it was how to get away quick enough. Hoping to steady himself with brandy, he turned into the first tavern he reached, and there he came upon Swale and Huggins. ' Hullo! '' cried the latter, 'we waijust agoing to give you a reminder. Why, what's the 'matter with you? Have you got the fever, or have you seen a ghost? ' ' Neither. You both take my advice and get out of Manchester as quick as you can. If you stay here you are sure to be recog nised, and there will be trouble. Go to Lon don — go anywhere. Here's money for you. It'ethe last, and the best you'll ever get from me.' To their delight and amazement, he handed them four notes of £20 each. 'ThoBe are all right,' declared he. ' I have only just received them ovei the bank counter. :Myt- ameisWalker,' he concluded.hurriedly, ' you won't see me again ? ' 'Why can't we all three go together?' cried Swale, who smelt more - money from where the new twenty pounders had coma. ' Yon must be mad ! ' was Solomon's withering reply, and straightway he dis appeared from the place. An unlooked-for matter called Mr. Richards back to Manchester that afternoon, and it also took him to the bank. A brief conversation -with him showed the manager ' that the policy and the other documents on which £1,500 had been advanced were worthless forgeries — excellent specimens of the nefarious art, but as securities valueless. There was a greater demand for tbe plaus ' ible Mr. SolomanB that night than had ever Detore ueen we case, jux over ine country the police kept a hot and an active look out for him. Mr. Huggins received a visit from the same inquiring gentry as he was rioting in a tripe supper with friends who were not of his own family. Earlier in the evening he had changed one of the twenty-pound notes in a tavern, saying that he had juat received the insurance money on Mb wife's death. On making a search at his lodgings a twenty-pound note was found in the chim ney, and as much in loose cash in a drawer. Then Swale was captured, and the welaher identified them as being the gents who had come to him on the racecourse desirous of changing ' a monkey.' ' SolomanB was arrested just as he was about to step on board an Atlantic liner disguised as an old woman, a character his features suited very welL ' The oddest thing perhaps bbout this queer case iB that the little rogue only got eighteen monthB' imprisonment, while HuggiuB and Swale were sentenced to six and four each respectively. ' Quite enough for a blooming monkey, too,' Solomans protests to this very day. 