The Reward of the Transgressor. BY BDWAJRD A. VIDXIER. CHAPTER " I don't- care if only I know as 'is 'eart's said Susan Jellicoe to her widowed mother, as they stood at- the door of the bush shantyj looking up the road' after a horseman' -vvho was ambling away, from the scene of his brief but ardent courtship; "that's all I care about. Men is only -, men, and . women is only women,'' rilie continued; : sentehtiously,' " and. it don't do to, expeo' too 'much from, either- of, 'em." . .. .v , ....... . Susan was evidently - in- a. forgiving humour that morning, and it 'nlust be said that the disappearing visitor stood much in need of all tho gi'aciousness she might be disposed to shower upon him. Whether Mrs. Jellico,e was as ready to look as hopefully upon the situation as her daughter is open to question, but then, it must ho remembered,. that it was for lier, as her lawful guardian, to constitute herself a critic rather than an apologist, and it- was her duty, before everything, to. see her daughter "fairly done by." There was something about the look of the horseman's back thai seemed to convey the idea that lie; was' conscious "of the nature of the con versation proceeding on the verandah of the little way-side grog-shop. There was a nervous hitching '.of o;n£:'-shoulder, and .'an "inclination to increase the paoo of his steed as he neared the bend in the track, which meant safety from the steadfast gaze of feminine eyes. That Susan's own heart was " right " was' abundantly proved by the deep sigh she heaved as she no ticed his evident perturbation, and the energy with which she . returned his brief salute as he waved his switch in the air before plunging into sanctuary. "I dunno," said Mrs. Jellicoe, as .the two women returned to the bar, where a disre putable-looking pa.tron, a. young man withal, squatted in the corner, " dead to the world " and its troubles. "It aan't within reason to expect anything from' his sort. ". .If..you can't fix .him F.tr;nght-o'ff, itV^my 'opmTon 'e- don't want td'be fixed, and promises is no more than the froth on a pint pot. But what can yer expect from a prospector, what is 'ere to-day, and gone to morrer." 7 - ^ " M-y Sam's, struck a .patch, of. .good. stuff," said Susan, while she'husied;herself, wiping- over the oilcloth on ;the counter with an odorous, rag, " he told, me' so, and 'e's only gone to the .town ship to get a. stools of provisions for ?is 'ut be fore 'e starts working it.. 'E'll be back termorrer, whatever you- say,, mothei*." : r : " Well, we'll see/' .said. Mi's. Jellicoe, and' uenfc into the kitchen ... 1 In the township , store, . :ha.lf-an-hqxir or so later, Sam Stubbs 'found a group of . men and women discussing a letter which an old miner had received from his son at the war in South -Africa., It contained some gossip of camp life at the front, interesting to tho few to whom war was more than a. rumour from the outside world of small concern to this, way-back community, but there was muoh more in the lotter which appealed directly to the miners, whoso v or Id was confined to their claims, and whose best news was the finding of a " show " of go'd. . It was the la.ttor that wus being discussed as Sam entered, n,nd ho speedily learnt that, whilst aink-,nj* a woll at their ..camp in the Transvaal, tlio M'riter of theV letter and-his party,-many of thorn practical miners, had, found indications of tlio prosonpg of tho precious metal in. .vary much morq than .paya,bio quantities. and they urged Ks mnny"of the' boys-as oould got away to come out to this now Eldorado.; ^7?1' ^hero's heaps . of -gold to' bo got along ig rivor-becls withouit tho trouble of digging," ,?G loiter said, "and rX often wish I wasn't soA c icung,. so I ooiuld havo: a, look -for , tho stuff. ion tliis job's'done,.I'm looking to settle, and. ion good-byo toi Haunted Gully and Out-throat * '-rook for ever,''* 7 Sam took no aotivd part in the discussion that he C]W°1 ' ho thoxight tho more, and when 1 111«tie liis purohasesj wliioh wore not ho extensive as lie had at lirst intended, lie rode back to liis bark hut in the gully, where ids claim was located, and there sat long into the niglit pondering upon tlie message from. South. Africa. To the prospector, tlie dreamer of golden dreams^ who has not yet struck the rich streaJc of wealth which is ever a few inches beneath . his feet, the, luck of the other man is the most alluring. ' Though he is not yet on payable gold himself, he is confident that some other fellow is, and he listens readily to the latest report, and, is eager to be among the first to strike for the new rush. If the call comes from- a distance, the prospects are the more enticing, and his lonely hut suddenly becomes a desolate; place, and his honeycombed claim appears but a grave yard of his sanguine toil. When at last Sain threw himself down on his mattress of dried fern,, it was to- dream yet another dream, and see a new and still brighter vision than had yet enticed liim. Hitherto he had dug deep holes before he caught the gleam of the precious metal that fascinates mankind, and what little share he had won . had been dragged out of the bowels of . the earth with an expenditure of labour that had bowed his ba.ck and knotted his hands.. But here, in his visioji. of a new laud beyond the seas, he saw a river-bed peppered over with glittering iyuj^e3jg in a profusion that recalled the apocryphal stales? of Bendigo Creek told by the old broken-hearted diggers of the early fifties. A return of the old fever that had oftentiitiW possessed him compelled him, when lie awoke, to commence excited preparations for immediate departure. The lonely hut that ha.d been his home for the past three or four months, and his own particular claim in this weird, bush liidden gully, now seemed the most wretched place on God's earth, the natural habitation, of da.rlc Night, and the ha.unt of the melanclioly ghosts of dead prospectors,- who groaned out 'in the night winds their wail of failure. As he put together his few belongings, he made a concession to his appetite for breakfast by munching hastily snatched moutlifuls of the bread and cheese that he , had brought from the store, and when lie had made a. bundle which was too big to carry on horseback, it struck him that he was sotting about things in too niggardly a spirit, considering the magnificent prospects ahead of him, and, with the usual prodigality of his kind, determined on leaving everything be hind him that was not of immediate utility for his journey, for the:use of tho "next fool" who should make an attempt upon this claim which ho was now abandoning; 1 So ho went out and put the saddle on his' horse, and then made a final, parting tour of . the gully, wondering, as he made his inspection of the plaoe that had yesterday been the Eldorado of his humbler dreams, how he could have been content with such niggardly pros pects as this- plaoe now seemed to offor. When lie got back, to his hut, intending to set off immediately to the great seaport city from whioh ho must efhbark on his new enterprise, ho found the bedraggled young man he had loft at the Jollicoes' shanty on the main track sit ting on a log before the door evidently awaiting his return. .» . " 'Ere's a bit of a letter, or maybe a bill," said the man, holding out an envelope to> Sam, with out getting m>) "and a nice tramp I've had through the scrub. If it hadn't boon Susan as asked mo, I'd have seen lier blowed first," ho went on, "with'the incoherence of tho newly sobered. Sam took tho note, and put it in his poolcet, muttering, " Didn't know . as I .owod 'era any thing'." in a oarfeloss'tone that deceived Cupid's unkempt and unromaritic. 'messenger, as it had ?bean intended to>.,' ; /? "Thought you might hn.vo. been swoot there," ho sakl. "I'v.o got a llib of . ri. fancy for Susan mosolf, but she ain't give m,o no sort of 'coumge mont so. far, I must say." " Why, are you gain' awny already P" ho ox olnimod, as the man entered tho hut and , saw the preparation for departure. " Tliat's about it," said Sam. !'Xiqol? 'oro,. mata, you've oomo along jiist nt the bloomin'. tiols: o' tho identical moment, as X might say,: just u,s U a uli^ei liad led yer. "That am b likojy,' said the man. "JNoi, p'r'aps not,'' u.ss-enteci Sain, " buo you can thank your luck, anyway. 1'nx gojji' away, and I in goin''to iea.vo this hut just as it is, and the xiick and spade- and crowbar, and the puddling tub and the cradle, and all the biooin in' kit, and I'm go-in' to iea.ve the cxaim as it suinas, and ail the bioomin' gold what's in it, and 1 m gom' to leave a week's stores to stand between the next cove and starvation. You're the next cove, mate, just you; and that's why I said you can thank your luck, but you needn't thank, lae, aind here's this bill what you brought from Susan Jeliicoe, only it" ain't'a 'bill;, 'but what city people calls a ' billy duck,' because it's writ by a'duck; otherwise"Susan, 'and that's youi'Sj too, so catch hold, and don't stare like as if you was cranky." Sam gave, a weird laugh, which suggested that his own mental equipoise was not of the truest, and Susan's messenger stared at Sam, and at the letter a.t his feet, and then around the hut, and grinned, and then laughed; and looked as if he was going-to have a fit, and at last collapsed 'into the" maudlin state - of the habitual drunkard thrown off his balance. .... .»«"-~S*j«i_^stood looking at him for a moment as $ jsjFoqtacle hitherto new to his experience, ~ ami (j'fcA about collecting the few things Oiwli&pGnsabl-;^'q a long journey through the bush, ~JWhicf\'tip in a blanket in the long roll vjpo mm oilL t o' bush wayfarers. This he carried out -the 'horse's back ir*.-front..of the came in again to-have-affinal lock lound, his newly-appointed heir- had some wli.it regained his composure. " D'ye mean this ?" he asked, " or is it some game" of yours to let me-into a trap of some sort ? -How do I know the police won't come ; roufid after you've gone and nab me for some thing you've done?". "-Well, of all the uugratefuls!" exclaimed Sam, but with the utmost good- humour. "Now, look here-what's your name?" "Joe," said the other. " Look here, Joe. Don't you be flatterin' your self it's you I'm thinkin5 of. . . I iust look at you assent here by Providence for 'my con venience. I'm goin' awa.y where there's gold to bo picked up in bucketfuls, and all this ain't no more to mo than wash-dirt,", and Sam gave a contemptuous sweep of the hand round his humble habitation, which he was soon to ex change for a mansion. "It's Susan I'm think ing of. I can't take 'er with, me, and I want to do the light thing by 'er. It's because, you said you're sweet on 'er. Now - you can-marry 'or, for there's gold in this 'ere gully . you can take my1 word, for I-know. But not though--for me. I've 'nd a dream, and X never- go'past a dream-it was a dream as sent me to this place. But last night I saw what I ain't never seen before, and I'm goin' to follow my luck. I'v© give you my girl and all I possess in the world except my horse and my money, and that leaves me clear to go. When I strike the township, I'll got- the lawyer-chap there ten draw up a paper making it all over to you, Susan inoluded. By-tlio- byo, what's your name? Joo whatP" "Joo Halloran." ' 1 " All right, Joseph J:!nil or an is th© owner of Sam Stubbs's olnim on Narragul Greek hence forth and for ever, and Susan Jelliooo's thrown in as a make-weight, see? Well, hero's luck to you' and her, and now I'm off. So long!" And so Sam Stubbs, with, tlio light-hearted irresponsibility of his kind., rode off on yet one more of his many journeys of advo'nturo, loaving to olinnce tho means by which he was to roaoli . that new Innd over the seas, < whioh was . tho " Tom Tiddler's Ground ;o£ hlis'.goldeu dr.dams. -V 