CHAPrEB XV. Y? S there any loneliners -on earth Uka tho loneliness of a great city? To irallc throngL crowded streets, to gaze at bun droda and hun dreds of un J familiar faces, ■ to meet cold indifferent eres in & pasting glance, to feci that • among Hieso crowds of human T>emgs you yourself • arc -an unhoHood'and' trocared-for unit, your ,late » matter of indifference, your want* and :-S9H0Wb unimDorUnt. Surely this is-as melancholy a thing as the return of a wander ing ghost to the scenes of its earthly pil grimage.' To the living soul as to the dead oomes the.eensq of being nndesired orun missed. The bury world can do without you, the place you filled is occupied by another, i I bad had my fill of *ucn loneliness since I came to London. I lived in a quiet lodging; in the neighbourhood of Bloomjbury. It Was a b*4-ritting-robm at the fop of the bouse. The rent was moderate, and my! meajs were chained for when I had thenb. at a stilted price. The first thing I had < done was to provide vaf teli with the ldading! theatrical papers and copy out the addresses i of various agents. To these I applied in doo j course, entered ay name in the books, paid; a fee in adruace, and retir-cd more or less hopeful according to the rstoepilou they gave I inc. In iny secret lieurt I dia not like any of I three gentlemen. There was a certain bold- ; new and familiarity in their looks and questions that annoyed mo greatly. I objected tqbeing &ddr;*ssed as " hly dear" or "Ducky," or roTd coarse compliments as to my eyes, complekido, or figure, I wintcd an engagetneujl from them purely as a matter of business, afid expected to be treiitod Iq a business-like manner. ThU, however, was the last thing they seemed inclined to do. When 1 stated I was unfamiliar wiili the stage tKey advised ma to ".chuck it up" or into keeping and get someone to run mc." This was so much Dutch to my ignorant ears, and 1 frankly suggested that my voice anH my knowledge of music were surely worth something-. Il>ey wouldn't hear ray voice, that was the duty of a manager, or someone "bossiug- u show in the provinces" they informed nio. However, I might call again and see if anything had turned no. I did call otrain, and yet again. I always saw a crowd of untidy-looking girls, with awful hats and made-up fneei, of men of all ages, on whom the genus "actor" was stamped as indelibly as a brand. This crowd were always laughing, and chuffing, and exchang ing broad jokes and witticisms. They called each other by their Christian names, nnd abused the agents, or recounted wonderful Vsucceescs" on tonr, which fully entitled them to a London engagement in their own eyes, bat apparently the agents differed from them in mat refpcct. They would look at me with critical curiosity, and exchange opinions on to my appearance or iny "lino " with r tidiblo frankness. I told myself that these were the brothers and sisters of ray relf-ehasen profession, and tyied to fed frifnilv towards them. I did not wish to be prejudiced iu advance, but it wcr bard work to avoid it. They were so loud, so vulgar, sb atroeioh-ly dressed and powdered, and "made up." Tu» men, too, looked as if ihey hod slept in their clothes, So crushed and creased were collars and shirts and coats, and their unshaven, unwashed faces uided this impression. Sometimes 1 sat in the office with a or an Era before me, and listened to the conver sation. It was as remsrkoble for its blunt ejrotifm as tho advertisements in these journals. I csed to read these tame advertisements with a frank wonder at their unblushing con ceit. klfcs Viola Delsner would head hers "Our Prize Paekst of Ability," and think 3fr. Somebody for sn offer which a present first-class engagement prevented her accept* ing. Hiss Ivy tit. Claire invited offers, "lead or principal parts preferred." Various other ladies qootsd themselves a "terrific enocess," "amazingly clever," or ''specially engaged." A few leading lights added half adozcn Press notices to tbeir name and title role. Some were "starring,'' some were "resting," but none were silent as to their qualifications or modest as to their deserts. Some were so beset by offers and engagements that they employed o private or special agent, to whom all communications were referred; others leas fortunate gavo a post office or a box office in case their services were in requisition. After a month of this experience I began to grow impatient. The columns of the papers assured me of vacancies 'in companies, of incompleted tours, of the need of "good voices," of wfiKngne&s; (o take novices or amateurs and bestow on them stage experi ence and email salaries, but the agents assured sie none of those would do. The sort of thing tbey had in their eye for me would be eure to turn up in a day or two. I must call again. So I would trudge home through the streets; lonely and heart-akk, and wonder if (hero was anything else I could do while the weary waiting went ob. I bought penny papers and studied' their contests.' 6ur*lyit must be easy enough to write stories 'for them. I resolved to tejt the style and kind of fiction they offered their readers, and I had a fluent pen. I jnado up a "moated grange" tale, with a lovely heroine and a mystery. I wrote it in a conpte of days, and sent it to. the " Home TaUer." I expected it to he taken at Qnce, so informed them that my terms for such a contribution were fire guineas. To my surprise I got the Md.'baclc next day. They weTe overcrowded with M S3., and my story waequitennsui table. Nothing daunted I went through all the series of those leaflets, nnd spent my evenings writing "down" to what 1 oonsidered their level. At the end of another month I had qnito a collection of soiled and tumbled HSS.» but notonohod been aocepted, even thongh I hod become magnanimous ehongh to leave terms to their editors* discretion. * I am consoipus of a growing indignation. IJy stories may not ho works of genius, hut I certainly the/ arc quite np to the average of I those I read. If their authors had fonnd 1 acceptance Why should not I ? I con gain no I answer to the question. This is the history of my London j^fe so or. It firings m6 back to that dissertation far. . ^„ . .. on loneliness with which I commenced this chapter of my journal. For I am vely lonely ; there is no denying it, and the very excess and abundance of life aronnd and about me intensify that cense of desolation. Every mornioff I cadi on one or other of the agents. Then I wander through streets, lonch at an A J? C shop, go to h picture gallery of the British Museum, then homo for tea, and ipend the evening writing or sewjbg. This is ray life, and I am bat eighteen j'oars old. I wonder sometimes if l had better turn govern^*; but then governesses nowadays must all goes cm oextiticafes Or bavo parsed examinations, and in fact haire received ft superior education altogether. I cannot boas', of aeoornptiihraeats; betides I should hate the drudgery of teaching, and the anomalous position in the household given to the unfor tunate teacher. No, I must command my soul in patience. Surely before another month I shall hare something to do. I Jafo just come back from a long morning at tfie agents'. It is. remarkable enough to chronicle. They kfote asking the to.call at eleven o'clock." TKeVhadiometbing forme at last. I attired myself in iny well worn black gown and plain sailor hat. I took especial core that ray hair should be iie&t; and simply dressed in confront Id the peroxidwed and tousled heads IwS soMck of seeing. I did i»& look fast or smart, but simply what I was—a lady, none too weU cft in this world's goods | ana a: for employment. Needless to say, 1 was punctual. I cent in my name and waited patiently amidst the usual crowd in the oater office until I should be summoned. They seemed unusually agi tated this morning. I heard the name Lever sen repeated very often, and'when a voice ex claimed, ""Why, here he is!" I looked np with come curiosity. A short, dark, Jewish looking roan bad come in. He did not remove his hat, but glanced around, gave & curt nod of recognition'here and there, and finally passed into the inner sanctuary, where Messrs. Broadbow and Jupp gave their inter views. A hush of expectation followed his depar ture. I gathered from 6craps of disjointed talk that the dark little man was the manager of a theatre, where he was running comic opera. The fact of his presenco here showed he was in need of additions to his company, and expectation ran high aiming this crowd of the disengaged. Presently the office door opened. A head looked oat. "Mrs. Bering I" called a voice, the voice of Mr. Jnpp. I rof e to my feet. A row of astonished faces confronted tne* I was beckoned forward by the agent and entered the room with some trepidation. The little manager was silting cross ways on a chair, his hat tilted to the hack of his head, and a cigarette in his mouth. "Thin is the young lady," observed Mr. 'Jupp. " Good soprano, excellent musician; appearance, yon can judge, bat no stage expcrisiK*." The manager looked at me with half-closed eyes. "Ah!" he said. " No experience. Just like '<m. iTelL. my dear, what makes you want to go on the stage?" " I Want fo earn a livelihood," I answered. He laugheL •• Are yon going to trust to your face?" he said, " or your talents—snpposm* you've got any? Or does a friend back you ?" i felt the colour rising to ray face. "I must I earn as others hare done, I suppose. I am content to begin at the beginning. And I have no friends." *' Know Ircneh?" be asked. "Xea," I said. "GoodKrabtr" "What!" I exclaimed, not quits under-J standing his question. 1 "Hareyou good limbs?—for tights, you| know; boya' parts; «hort skirts; all that." The colon? deepened by several shades. " I—I never thought of taking such parts," I sari. "Then, P»y» why do you apply for eomic optra? Don't you know how the chorus drees F' "She's jaat come from a Sunday aehocl, I imagine," remarked Mr. Broadboir, the senior partner of the firm. "Well, well," said tho manager, noticing my distress, "what abcufe your to toe? I want a good steady soprano for front rank of chorus. There's a piano over there. Go and sing something; run up'a scale, that'll do." I drew off ray gloves and went over to the piano horribly nervous. My throat was dry and ray lips were tremulous: I struck a ehoid or two to gain time and then ran up tho scale of G, gore a few roulade*. and finfilted with a prolonged trill. I looked towards the three men as I finished. "That'll do," remarked the manager. "Are you quick at learning? Con jou read at eight?" 44 Oh, yes" I answered, 44 Well, of course, you'll want alofcof train ing, huf you may be worth a pound a week. I'm inclined to give you a trial." * He lighted another cigarette, and Messrs. I Broodbow and Jupp examined me curiously.1 I was astonished ana delighted. He ugrote something on a card and handed I it to mo. "Come round to-morrow," he] said." l'llseeyqur part is seat toyou to-night. What's your address ? " I gave it hjtn. "Mrs. Dcring. Are you a widow, then?" " Yes," I said quietly. 44 That'll.neyer do. You must appear asj 4 Miss' on the stage. Whit's your Christian | name?" •'Dolor 03." " Miss Dolores Dering. Yes, that sounds very well. Of course your name won't ap pear while you're in the chorus, but it'll be known to the company and agents. This <$pcra wjll go cm tour soon,^ Pye an interest] injt, but it won't hare a long ; _ run at tlje Eden. We're obliged to change constantly. Well, that's all. Teh o'clqck to-morrow for rehearsal, and bring ft song. The musical director will want to try your voice." I thanked him briefly and retired with heart and faco aglow. Tills was iho beginning, and . a somewhat insignificant one, but it wis something. I should )e^rn, $nd I should gain experience. I nught achiero'euccess. Hope Purged within me. _ I passed through tho orpwd in 'the waiting-rocm, with head erect and smiling Hps. 1 felt on good terms with all the world, and my modest lunch Seamed a feast of delicacies. I am still jubilant as I writo these lines. ^ I expect the music by every post, and long lor its arrival. Quite suddenly I remember I have no piano, besides being terribly out of practice. If will bo a hard matter to learn tho different choruses simply from the written notes. J know I have seen one in the drawing-room, but the drawing-room is let, and 1 fear to ask: my landlady's permission to use it when the lodger is out. JTworitler if I could possibly afford to hire one. I fear hot. I hays no desire to be dependent on Miss Penharva longer than is Absolutely necessary, and when I give up her allowance I must live on a pound a week. * A knock at tho door interrupfed me here. Enter Ernhia, the maid of all work. (4( Hem ma," as my landlady cSlb her.) J3he bought me"some tea add bread and muter, and a roll of range. I clutched delightedly at the latter. It was the chorus part of the opera. Emma (who is good-natured, and take's great interest in me) watched asl opened "the wrapper;!' I glanced Vver the parts. 44 Oh for . piano!" I explained involuntarily. --v 44 A pianner ! " exclaimed Emma. 44 Well, there's one in the parlour, ind'am. And Mr. Hericrpn, 'e don't never .come 'ome till height o'clock. Why don't yon prestige on it?" I shook my head. 44 Mo, no, I couldn't do that. He might return and catcu me ; or he might hear of it." 44 'Taint his pianner, 'tis the missus's." 44 All the worse. She would be "very angry." 44 Not 'er," said Emma, scornfully. " M lay she won't miud. Besides, she's howl to-night. Gone to a theayter with 'er nicCe. You don't be a fool. Just go down and trv your tonga it yoa're a mind to. IV Jut's your line ? The 'alb, or the dremer, as they callsit?" Neither," I said laughing. "Comic opera. she said, heartily. 41 I'll come and 'ear you ] if I gets a chanec. But lor, 'ere Dm "a chat tering, .end your tea gettin' cola." "Never mind," I caid. 14 It's not often I have anyone to talk to. Ix>ok here, Emma, do you really think I might venture to try that piano, for half an hour?" Do I tbiakP Dot! course I do! tell you Mr. Hcricson don't come 'oine to inner. Goes to *s drib. *E*b o barrister. {dinner. . [youknow. A nica spoken gentleman,Too; and-free with 'is shillings, which the dining room ain't." Mr. Ericeon didn't interest me, hut the jiiano did. I drank my tea and^then, some what timidly, crept downstairs to the drawing room floor, and looked in. It was a large double-room, divided by folding ccors, and comfortably furnished. A bright fire burnt < in the grate. The gas was lit. A large easy ichair-stood by tho fire and a table nearby 1 was covered with books und papers. There I this a litter of pipes and cigarette cases on I the mantelshelf. Also & quaintly fashioned < tobacco jar, and soma old Flemish pottery. ! Tho piano stood in a recess by the fireplace. It was open, and as I surveyed it, hesitatingly, Emma appeared on the scene. 44 It's juKt gone six," she said. 44 'E won't be homo till height, if then. Go ahead. I'U be on the look-out." I called np the courage of audacity, and went over to the' instrument, seated* myself and began to play over the opening chorus of 4 4 The Islo of Consequences.'' • . • 