Music and Drama. Mr. "Wftfckin M111h» the woll known English basso, intends -visiting Australia next;, year,, and singing in tho priuoipal cities therein, - and in Now Zealand, It is reported in a. London paper thata resolution has beon adopted to 8pond£l5,000 in bringing tbe etugo of Corent Gordon Theatre up to tho level of modern operatic requirements.' ' Alato London papor says: "Mies Jennio Maynard, the well known Australian come dienne, who was a tarring ' in Olo Graves's merry comedy 'Nurse' at the Coronet Theatre, played the title rolo 'with much # piquancy fflid charm." A violin by AntonhiR Strnduarius, dated 1694, with original label aud scroll, and ailvcr-mouutcd bow, by Dodd, the property of the Into W. 0. Sello, Mus. Doo., and pur chased by him 40 years ugo from a private collection, realised £495 on July 16, at Sotheby's auction rooms, London. Tlio Misses Beatrico, Muriel, and Bessie' Griffiths guvo their annual concert in the Salle Erurd on July 11 (6ays tho "British Austral asian "), in tho presence of a large and fashionable attendance. Tho young execu tants wero tho recipients of loud applause. They hod tho ossi6tuuce, among others, of Mifcs Alice Estey. n Mr. George Grossmitb, tho well . known English entertainer, has recorded in hit memoirs that ou ono occasion when ho was asked to sing tho Lord Cbaucellor's patter song at Sir Arthur Sullivan, ho found him self unable to recall it, but Lord Hopotoun, who was one of the guests, quickly came to tho rescue, and sang it ono bar ahead of the carefully pursuing comedian. It is questionable (says tho St. James's Budget) whetbor public opinion will waste very much sympathy with either Mr. Gilbert or Miss Janctte Steer in their dispute over tho stage management of \ "Pygmalion and Galatea." Mr. Gilbert was refused tho injunction to stop the performance, and Miss Steer is permitted to get between Galatea and Pygmalion and repeat, ad infinitum, " Cyniscu, pity mo." Tho " Theatro Gossip " scribe of tbe Sketch alludes to the fact that plays with tho word " silver " in their title are always lucky. Commenting upon this tho Pelican Mays: "But is this so? I can think of two ' silver ' plays at least that . wero none too golden — ' Tho Silver Shield,1 played at the Comedy, with poor Arthur Dacre and Amy Rosello in it, and 'Tho Silver Falls,' at tho Adelphi, in which tho Into Mr. Terris figured. Not only wero theso plays uone too fortunate, but there wero principal players iu each of them who camo to strangely violent cuds." " Florodora," which the Williamson Op6ra Company is rehearsing for early production either iu Sydney or in Melbourne, is prov ing a highly successful musical comedy in England. Its 250tli production at tho Lyric Theatre, London, was recently celebrated, and an English paper announces, as tho authors, Mr. Owcu Hail and Mr. Leslie Stuart, havo done little more than think of its successor, it will probably con tinue to run into the new year. Tho success of the piece is, lrowever. not confined to London, because there are now four com panies touring Euglaud with it, and the first production in tho United States wus fixed to take place in New York some time next month. Tho national authem of the Boers was written by an old lady who is at present liviug a peaceful obscure life in Holland. This lady, Miss Catherine Felicia Van Roes, was born in Holland, at Zutpben, in 1831. She is au excellent musioiun, and in her youth she composed several operettas which were performed by the Choral Sooiety of Utrecht. In 1875 Mr. Burgers, who had become Pre sident of tho South Africau Republic, begged her to writo a national anthem for the Trans vaal. and in a fow hours the lady 'did so by writing both words and music. The burghers wero so pleased with the composition that the Volksraad of Pretoria officially accoptcd tho work, aud sent Miss Van Rees a letter of thanks and congratulations. An amusing story comes from Chelten ham (England), well known as tho home of girls' schools. According to the Era, Mr. F. R. Benson was playing "Hamlet" thcro some littlo timo since, and the theatre was filled to its utmost capacity with a' number of tho young ladies, who were being elovatcd and amused at one and the same time. Tho actor was just in the middle of tho ghost scene, tho lights wero lowered and the excitement was intense. Suddenly a voice arose from tho stage box: "Mr. Ben son !" No answer. "Mr. Benson!" Still no answer. "Mr. Benson, would you miud having tho lights raised ? Tho young ladies can't see to follow their copies !" J. L. Toole was ouco acting in the pro vincos, when ono of his company failod to come in answer to his cue. Amazed at his non-appcaranco, Toole commenced to gag, and then repeated tho last line of the original script with great emphasis. Still no actor ; so turning to tho house, he remarked, coolly : " As my friend T— does not seem in the slightest way anxious to turn up, I will, with your kind permission, eit down and rest awhile." Then, amidst the rour of laughter which followed the speech, Toole calmly took a chair and scatod himself. A second later tho tardy actor dashed on to tho stage, taking up the cue, now long gone by, with tho words: "I was detained——" "Thou sayest not so," re marked Toole, gravely, rising. "I should never havo thought it. "Well, sinco you are here, we'll continue." Australians iu London are eagerly looking forward to the appearance, at Stoiuway Hall, (says " M.A.P."), of another compatriot, who bids fair to follow triumphantly iu tbo wako of Melba, Miss Ada Crosaloy, and the rest of tho ilargo detachment of sweet singers from tlie antipodes who balk so large iu the English munioul world just now. The newcomer is Miss Lnuia Morrell, a charming mezzo, who hails from Melbourne, tbe city that gavo Melba both her name and her first aweot delights of fame. Miss Morrell and Miss Ada Crossley were fellow-students in Melbourne, and wero both pupils of tho late Mme. Fanny Simonscn. Miss Morrell mado her first appearance at Melbourne in Muy, 1895, and tbo following year was en gaged by Mile. Antoinette Trebelli to tour tho Australian colonies with her concert com pany. Since then sho has successfully como to tho foro in Melbourne, whero she is a great popular favourite. Miss Morrell is a real colonial girl, with dark handsome features and a fascinat ingly attractive munner. Sho bids fair to go fur. She will bo assisted at her concert by Miss Maud M1 Car thy (tho marvellous yonug violinist), and many other well known artists. Mr. J. W. Sweeney, one of tbo most popular of our comedians, has formed, in cunjuuntion with Mr. George J. Staples, an English theatrical manager who rccontly arrived here, the Royal Druiuatic Company for a tour of tho provincial country towns. Mr. Sweeney has au excolleut repertoire, which, as it includes " Tho Irishman " (in which ho mado a grant hit at the Lyceum), "Vengeance is Mine," "Shannon's Shore" (a now drama, and one that is highly spokon of), " East Lynuei" and " Tho Colloon Bawn," will cnablo country playgoers to seo tho actor iu some of his most successful metropolitan roles. The company is a compact and rather numerous one, and includes, in addition to the star, Messrs. Francis Eaton, Lewis Lawrence, . George Grass, Bayfield, Charlie South, J. J. Reid, E. S. Young, James Smith, and F. P. Crofton (stage manager), Misses Millie Brown, Kochefort Roobelle, . Wilt-Phillips, and Stella THebaud. Mr. Vaughun has painted now scenory for tho tour, and the management is with the indofatigable Liou- tenant Byruo. It is proposed to -first play ' westward as far as Cobar and Bourke, and the company will return to Sydney prior to visiting northern Queensland. 