IN FULL CRY, ... ♦ ?*♦♦*♦♦♦?»♦♦♦ -♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦? mt- -♦««♦«♦-?-* ----„? .?? ; ?* *»«-*oX' rUSLIBHEB BY SEEQIAL ABBA233SMSS2. * J$y fiiehard 'Mardh, Auwer ef 'The Beefle : k. Mystery,' 'Tke Grime and the Criminal,' '* & Tke Dateket Biaaaoiuls,' ' Mre. Musgraye and Her Husband,' '' ** Tke TOamaa wife- @ae Haad,' &c;, &c.; QQB3M.8M.T: j OHAPTEE XX. ' Blaise Polhtjeston Goss Haas. IT W O.B d a-rk — d a r ker { than he bad ex pected ' Itcon -. fused Jr hi m. JL The S§k is.ee Pmm °th*6 was ehtra landmarks had been removed, objects with which he had been familiar, .on whose con tinned presence he had confidently counted, bad vanished ; others, of which he knew nothing, had taken their place. Nothing was as it used to be. He had not counted on finding himself so entire a stranger in a place with every inch of whieh he had supposed himself to be intimately acquainted. Tfa« passage of the years had left its impress evesx ? on that remote eorner of the world. He was inclined to be sorry that he had sqt ont on the adventure. And yet he had felt himself, incapable of running the risk of encountering such a recep tion as that suggested by Miss Dolly Hamilton. Triumphal arches, brass bauds to welcome- him home ? That might not be. He would alight at the adjoining Btation, towards the evening, and would walk through the shadows, across the intervening stretch of counfay, home. .He would arrive there, unheralded, nn announced, with as little fuss or ceremony as if he had quitted it but as hour before. It would be best like that. But he had not grasped the situation as it now presented itself to him. The night was unusually dark, the station but a strip of platform which served a scattered hamlet. With it he left behind all visible signs of human existence. It w.as some six or seven. miles aeross country to Polhurston, through lanes, over a strip of woodland, through the home woods. That was as he remembered it. But he had not gone very far before he discovered that, at least in this light, his memory played him false. A gate against which he suddenly came into contact brought him to a standstill, to discover that he had lost his bearings. He had strayed off the proper road ; the lane into which he had struggled was, apparently, an impasse — unless they had put a gate up since his time. He retraced his steps, to presently plunge into what seemed to he a labyrinth' of twisting. Japes. He stopped, He had a compass on bis chain. He examined it with the aid of a match. So far as he could judge, the lane in which he was was leading him iu a wrong direction. And yet he could not be sure. A few yards further it might turn — set him straight upon his way. He tried to think where he might be. In vain. There was nothing to lend assistance to hia eyes.' He wandered aimlessly on. It was strange how wholly absent were all signs of human habitation. It- was , as if he had reached the end of the world — which was unpeopled. It was true that thereabouts they might he early folk ; but, even if they had already retired to rest, surely in some house somewhere a light would be left burn -ing-.— 'But there 'was riot ~a glimmer ; behind,' in front, to right or left, wherever he looked, not one. He had scarcely realised, till then, in how bare and bleak a country his boyhood had, in fact, been spent; how remote from civilisation, how cot off from the world. It came upon him, with a sense of shock, how lonely a childhood his had been. He was' returning now to that same -wilderness, a lonely figure, lost in the night. It was very strange indeed that there should be no houses. Used as he had been, of late, to the life of a great city, their absence struck him as doubly ' strange. N o houses ! Where, then, did the people live ? Were there really none ? Was he the only living creature environed by the night ? The Sling began, to weigh upon him like a pre aage of evil. Thereabouts were the folks all dead ? Was the world peopled only with ghosts P Were they walking »at his side, peering at him over the stona walls, scurry ing hither and thither across the country, unheard, unseen ? What was that noise ? It -was the sound of waters. What was that breath upon his cheeks ? Was it not the whisper of the sea ? What was the sudden, great blackness which yawned, all at once, in front of him, which made him suddenly stop short, which set him shivering ? He was standing upqn the edgo of the cliff— the Samphire Cliff . The knowledge of his whereabouts came upon him with an instant intuition. Down below him was the island — that reef of dreadful rocks. It was against it the waves were breaking — that was the noise which he had heard. Another step, he would have been over, hurtling through the air, rebounding from the points of jagged stone, plunging into the whirlpool of the continually contending waters. As he started back he sweated. His knees shook. When he had retreated backwards, perhaps a dozen yards, he subsided on to the, ground trembling. What a narrow escape he had had ! But it had at any rate made him acquainted with his whereabouts. There were the home woods, then, upon his right. He advanced towardethem gingerly, feeling withoastretched arms for the stone wall which, he remem bered, girdled them. There it was. He recognised in it tho presence of an old friend. There used to be a gate further down the road, perhaps a hundred yards. This was not the part of the wood which he had been making for. By some accident, which he did not under stand, he had struck one end instead of the other. '; But to hare found the woods at all was something. The gate which he was searching for opened into a grassy road which, in the old days, was wont to be used as a drive when a rare visitor was to be taken to enjoy the view from ths Samphire Cliff look ing towards Godrevy. It was the gate which was farthest from the house. The -winding road passed both the upper and the lower lakes, through a part of tho grounds which, in bad weather, was very like a swamp. He found it. The latch emitted a grating sound aa he lifted it, the gate shrieked on its rusty hinges as he threw it back. He entered the woodland road. Tha mystery of ^ woods was obvious even ic the night. Up there tho winds wero too p^_^jtent to permit of the trees attaining to great propor tions. But, as he Tzent in farther, their size increased. If the winds were against them, the ground was on their side. They were aheltered by its rapid fall. Soon Blaise Fol hurston knev/ that he -was surrounded by inonarohs of the forest. Their branches creaked and moaned ; afar off came cries as of souls in pain. Here -were living things ; be could hear them on every side ; the patter ing.«£ ieet, the ?eeurrying of unseen, ereaturea i i&rongh; the brushwood, the occasional whir seing' of wings. The wood was far from silent. There was, too, a presence- of another kind. He had not yet wholly recovered from the shock of finding himself on the edge of the abyss. There was a still a flattering at hi-j heart, which the place in whieh he was was not disposed to lessen. It was peopled with memories, tho grave in which his childhood was bnried. He was1 like a lost soul, passing through the shades of what once had been bis youth. Every movement of tLo branches — they were never still — was a sigh for the past, a moan for the present, a groan at the proapeet of what was still to come. The forest was in torment ; half aft rightedly he groped through it-ail. Behind the trunks of the tcses, ever wheso roots now aud then he stumbled, spectres glanesd out at him ; presences which he felt, although he did not see, shapes, which were noue the lees actual, but rather the more, because they were incor poreal. Air the way ho was haanted by demons. They grew thicker as be went. The plaee became alive with ? them. He began almost to persuade himself that he would see them with his bedily eyes ; lie cauld hear them with bis ears. They gibbered at him as he p«=sed. They touched, him. ~- Was.it possible they touched him ? What was that which brushed against his hair — whieh shaved his cheeks — which alighted for an instant, on his eyelids? Were they fingers? Of what ? Of whom-? He-stopped suddenly, looking about him with bewildered glances. What was that noise ? Was it not ? laughter ? Who was laughing- at him ia the shadow of the trees'? This was not to be borne, that there -should be foes on every hand, and he see none of them. He lit a match, he- would see by the light it gave, what might be seen. Wbila it flickered, aa he was about to raise it to look; round, something — someone struck it out.. He-trembled eo that the box fell from his grasp. Helistened. Again ! Was that not laughter among the trees ? He could not'find the matchbox, although he felt euro that it had fallen just at his feet. He could not feel it anywhere, even by going down on his- knees. Was that it ? If it was, then it was snatched away — yes, as his fingers were closing on it. What was the cause of his feeling that something, someone, was playing tricks with him? His nerves had been disorganised by bis experience on the cliff. The walk, prolonged beyond his ex pectations, had tired him. Memories bad come sweeping over him at an impressionable moment. The surroundings were weird, the scene awesome. They used to tell, in bygone days, of the. Palhursten ghost; of ths wiaitb. which, at night-time, in the woods, used to lie in wait for members of the family, -when ovil loomed over the house. It was such thoughts as these which bade fair to play the fool with him. ? He shook ?himself. He would put them behind him — leave the matchbox where it lay — hasten home. It must be growing late. If he was not quick, his coming would alarm the' house — that he did not waut. ? He strode down the path as rapidly, as the darkness would permit. There was the found of running water. He was nearing the upper lake. Presently, although the blackaess shrouded it almost wholly, he knew that he had reached it. He paused by the brink, peering .through the shadows. Nothing-, could be seen: He -could hear what ho took; to be the movements of wild fowl, the-; splashing of water over the weir — that was all. He passed on. A closing of the dark ness, till it hung about him like a pall, Bade him conscious that, about the lake, it had' been, relatively, light. Ho was moving again through the thickness of the wood. All at once, something flashed into sudden radiance ; bo far as he could judge, at a dis tance of .a hundred yards or more from where he was. It gleamed, like a star, then vanished, leaving1 the darkness denser than before. What was it? A-will-'o-the-wisp? Aglow worm ? Hardly at that season of theyear. Besides it had borne no resemblance to either. He went steadily on. It came again ; still, , as it seemed, the same distance in front. It, was not a light in a house, nothing ef the kind. It was like a flash of fire, appearing to him to have the property of showing, fin the brief space of its duration, half-a- dozen different hues. He advanced more cautiously, watching for its reappearance. It did not come. Instead, there was borne in upon him, on a sudden, an absolute eonvictipn that: some unseen thing1 was close at band — something which was moving through tho brnshwood, keeping pace at his side. The instant he became conscious of this assurance, he stopped, and stood,' and listened, and looked. He eould see nothing, nor hear anything ; tut he knew that there was something there, and that it had stopped when he stopped. He tried to speak to it, but could not — to move in its direction,' but his limbs were chained. With an effort he continued his advance, stumbling blindly on ; he knew that tbesome thing was moving too. Again there w»s the Bound, of running water ; he was neariBg the lower lake. As he Beached it, there was a splash ! Something bad plunged info the lake. There was a noise as of something struggling in the water — a gasping sousd, as of fighting for breath. ? 'Who are you? Who's there ?' i cried Mr. Polhurston, the tones of his owa voice filling him with horror and amazement.' All was still. Only the noise of the weir disturbed the silence. j To have plunged into the blackness of the waters in search of he knew not what would have been an act of madness. If he ranem bered rightly, quite close to the bani this lower lake was ten or twelve feet peepi while, here and there, were pools of unknown profundity. How did he know what had fallen in — by accident or of set purposj. It might be some creature of the woods. jTrue, it had not sounded as if it were, but-jwhat was it then ? He did not stop to thinki He rushed onward, resolving, when he raiched the house, to tell his tale. In any caaeJthere was nothing he could do, without light, llone. So soon as he had arrived on the opposite side, and was re-entering the forest's 'vast- ness, he again became eoneeious that still there was something at his side ; somejhing, this time, which ha eould hea: — for there was a swishing sound, a if something -was being brushed against the trees and bushes as it went. It might have beeu a trick of his imagination, but, ss ha tore wildly on, he Eeejned- to detect a dripping sound, as if drops of -water -were falling from bis invisible associate. There was dearly audible, also, a panting, as for breath. With sudden determination, of whish he himself was more than half-afraid, swerving from the path he dashed in the direetior. from which the sound proceeded. As he advanced it retreated ; he could bear it going further and farther back among tho trees. Under such circumstances, to follow it would bs absurd. He returned to tiw path. It re turned -with him ; he heard it come. He groped about for a stone, or other missile, to hurl at it. Its persistsaico began to anger him. Ho could find nothing except broken branches and Ecmjja of decayed wood, Which were too light to be of any u=i So ki *f*' assailed it with hia tongue. *. ' 'j* ?' Confound you— who -ire you ? /hat do |r vqci want ? What do you ssean by, culfcmg f ! at my side? Get off, you brute !';,, . '% This last he said in view of the' p, -ability ? that it might be some animal, des oas of ! human companionship ; of which he as very ' far from being sure. Nothing shosd that his words were heard, but when he m ved the thing went with him. . ? ??Very good! Wait till .we get A irer the house, where there's more light ; tl -a we'll see what you are, my friend, if yoiiAoosot© ; keep me company so far.' ' *\ Something laughed. In the laughM was a quality which made Mr. PoHrarston dmoJl jnmp out of his skin. He quickened huVpaet, breaking.into a run. ; ????_'* i So swiftly, ko heedlessly did he go^- ihuj, before he knew that the thing -was these, 1b ' ^ dashed against a tree. So violent -was tba ^ contact that, partially stunned, he dropped t» his knees. It was -a second or two before hi had regained bis senses sufficiently to.'reahsd with any clearness, what had -happened! \9hst aided their return as much as jmythinj else was the discovery that he was surroundei by asudden illumination. He scrambled i ' his feet, almost falling again,' in bis haste over toe tangled root, to find himself con fronted by something which marie his heat; ' stand Htill. ? ' , It was a gill— a youug girl. She swojt j within three or four feetof where he himself ' was standing. A sufficiently pretty picturb Bhe presented illnmined by the sudden, vivii glow. But at flight of her he Bbrank back; *-* ^ shivering ; the blood seemed to freeze in his ?jF veins ; there was a buzzing soun&tin.his1; head s* aa if his brain was bursting. £ ' Helen J' he gasped. 'Helen!*1 The girl made .some slight movemont-Bhicb. e , caused him to divert his glance: whereupon *? he perceived 4hat behind her, a little to ooa * side, stood a. man, who beH her hand in. his. '* ' Shapcott'f' mattered Blaise ' Polhurston. 'Helen!— my God!' It was the woman to wifcose skirts Jte )nul pinned his boyhood? sfaiSi,.; for the lore ..o£ whom he hati wrecked bis life. And the mail was the friend who had betrayed him ; who - had hounded the womanihtoa suicide's grave, . aodfor the recovery of whose murderer he ? Biaise Polhursten — was himself supposed to be offering a reward of £200. The vision '' lasted but an instant, then.it faded. And, .in another moment, Mr. Polhurston was tearing madly hprtdlong through the- durknesa, -down the path. Nor did he check his pace till the sudden widening of the path showed him that he had entered the main avenue which divided the -estate, as nearly- as possible, into two clean halves, and about the centre of which ffae house itself was placed. Here soms show of ceason did return to him. He -stopped to draw breath, and to wipe the per spiration from his brow. Then, still moving quickly, but at a pace which more nearly approached discretion, he started on the last stage of his journey. Almost immediately, however, ? to stop agaiu. For, down a by-path, came a . figure bearing a lighted lantern in its hand. It was the figure of a woman. She wore a. long cloak, which fell to her feet, the hood being drawn over her head. As he advanced, she held up her lantern so that its gleam ?shone on him.; then, with an exclamation, she moved towards him, with outstretched hand. 'Blaise,' she cried. There was no sur prise in hervoics^onlypleasare. 'Ifsyoul I. knew you were *conrinsr, so I. made haste-to meet you.' It was his mother ! Blaise Polhurston bad retarned home. [SO HE COMTTSTIED.] FC — IS 