f ^ Mummers' Mems The fQay Lord Quenx' was' still going strong^ when the mail lefjt. The . 260th performance had been pdsted. » 'The Absent-minded Bounder.' is the latest London music hall parody. It sings of a masher who used to make his gal pay, pay, pay wherever they went. In John Sheridan's ' New Barmaid ' at the Theatre Royal Gracie White ford has a very snappy part to play as a lady journalist. 'Contingent' night at the Theatre Boyal on January 24 was a. great success, the greatest enthusiasm being manifested by the audience and the boys in khaki. Miss Williamson's recital of 1 The Absent-minded Beggar' Brought forth a big silver shower, but. it was unfortunate that the talented \- young lady should have been i hit on the cheek by a dying coin.1 Despite the fact that the blood ran freely from her cheek the plucky actress ap parently unconcerned went on with .the recitation, and when Captain Reade cailed for three cheers, for Miss f Tyilliamson Jt was given with un bound^d acclamation. *' * * Harmston'scircus is in India. , , - Harry Conor when he finishes his New Zealand season does not return i to Australia but goes back to the' .TTnited States. 1 V , The Broughs are doing, big biz in* , New Zealand. • i * ~ . Celia Mavis, who was here with Bracy's Opera Company, has been winning golden opinions with : the " John Sheridan Company at the Theatre . Sydney's favorite, Charlie Faning, t has been engagedto play a season at Cremorne Gardens, Perth. , f T ' r . - The Lynch •Family of Bell ringers , bad a very successful tour of the * Victorian provincial towns en route to »Adelaide;' Wilfrid Shine, brother of Harry of t that ilk, and who came oat to A08" s *. v > j'' tralia with the ' Morocco Bounders,' is playing the part of Welland Strong in *A Trip to Chinatown' at the Theatre, Boyal, Hull, England. ' The Craggs are showing in New TTtek; Every member of the 'purfesh' is superstitious more or less, but. not one Of them is afraid to draw; his screw should'* treasury' fall on a Friday. '» * ' ' ' ' if, A few nights ego (says Melbourne Table Talk) a child convulsed one section pf the dress circle at the "Theatre Royal. Comedian Fred. Sin clair's disguises had somewhat dis : turbed the juvenile mind, the actor, it mnst be remembered, gradually wear ing less abd less until he reduces to a couple of garments. His next change brings him into full Windsor uniform, and the youngster not understanding so much magnificence exclaimed at the pitch of his voice, "He's got all his clothes 011 now!" People in the vicinity rolled in * their seats, the mother tried to quieten her offspring, but ithe b^be was not to be suppressed. Pointing to a lady star, he cried aloud, ' Why doesn't she get some more clothes too !" Harry; Rickards'<-daughter, Noni, has-gone in for the variety stage, and made her first Jappe&rance; id this 'department' recently at the Tivoli, Sydney. Pa Harry is singing several new songs that he.- brought out from London. « i, ; The singing of ' There's Something in the British After AH,' by Mr G. C Deane a,t the Theatre Royal nightly, was < awarded with ■ demonstrative encores: But why does Mr Deane persist iQ singing 1 English ' instead of * British ' as billed % Not that the word English is exclusive, but British is certainly more comprehensive. Most leading actresses of any im portance have an understudy, who in cases of indisposition is called upon to fill in the absence of the principal. A case occurred last Tuesday week at the Royal, Sydney, that deserves recording. A member of the com pany, who was not an understudy, was suddenly called upon to undertake a part in less than, eight hours. This would, have , taken the quickest of Studies' to; thoroughly master in as many' dayW It occurred thus—-Miss Edith Crane, who.' Has been playing the5 part of. Tess of the D'Urbervilies in the drama of that name, was taken suddenly ill about 12 o'clock in the day on the date mentioned, and -a substitute had to be found. Miss Lynda Raymond was entrusted with " ' ' i » " > i . . the part, and appeared in it on the same night with the same successful results achieved by the original ex ponent of the character. Few, if any, of the audience, however, could have guessed the mental strain such a feat entailed upon the clever actress. When he was in Sydney Wilson Barrett was ' warmed up' by some of %he critics, especially by Nugent Robertson, whom the actor vilified in letters to the press. Here's some more straighttalk to Wilson Barrett's Hamlet from the dramatic mail of To-Dat:— 1 It is a stout, respectable, well-to-do English Hamlet, that of Mr Barrett's, but it is not Shakespeare's Hamlet, it is not an artist's Hamlet. Mr Barrett is a successful man, who knows his public, and never attempts to shock them with an uncomfortable mani festation of genius. He admirably gauged their capacity when he wrote ^The Sign of. the Cross.' His very success in life is fatal to his intrepre tation of Hamlet. He is a man of purpose, and his Hamlet must li^e. vise be a man of purpose. He must determine to avenge bis father, and mutt bend' eVejy adventitious circum stance to his determination. He flouts * -v.. • • * •* Polopius with a purpose, deserts Ophelia with a purpose, and dies himself in the last act with a satisfied sense of "fitness. For him the play's the thing, and he would give more for the proper placing of the commas in his reeitaliop of the.soliloquies than for all the psychological subtlety of* the characterisation. As a result one gets a strong and somewhat lurid melodrama, with mnch challenging of ghosts and baiting of ancient Ministers of State, with voice-satisfying speeches and a joyous clash of arms in the final scene. But this is not Hamlet, and all the timbre of his voice and the trained excellence of his elocution will not make Mr Wilson Barrett's re presentation a true one and a note worthy. Mr Barrett has his mttier, and it is a well defined one, but it is not in the'walks 'of classic drama or, 8till less, of psychological analysis.' Quiz wonders if W.B. will hire Cartetr Ed wards to reply to it in doggerel as he did borne months ago to Sydney critics. 