LONGREACH. (From Our Own Correspondent.) 'li»! cum mentioned in my last Irlirr WAS somewhat, patchy. As is generally tlifi ran", MUÍ»' nf tim selections up the river fared lim lu-1, Itexley getting lj in. ami Goodberry Hills IJ in. Oilier places had «casona-Mo falls, ami now you can hear i'f paihloeks looking like wheutliclds. lt. is, nf course, it I wu I'll lu "Hy thc drought hits In<ikcit : n!ie might lie correct in staling the.! ¡ls liaik was broken, but a really heavy fall is -lill required to ¡¡ive. the (trass limly -and lo iiiuka irater. Still ibero is an ii ir nf hiijH'iulness which was conspicu- ous by its alísem e it mouth or so ugo. The Maneroo and Viuiburiít sheep are mtiirn hi}!, -.iud no ilotilit. otilicr owners will lie following suit. There arc Omni times slill in s(ore fm iis, ami even willi n «iiece«.«ii»i of n/nod seas'uis. it will bc a year or two before this district recovers. The nmvciiietil among Mu- jneniliers nf the Smith Warrego Selectors' Assoeiation has caused eli.-sei«tors liciv lo lake action, or rai her lin' resolutions forwarded liy Hie baily named to thc Longreach Selectora' Association stirred Hie. selectors up. For thc (.on-grcai-h Selectors' Association is ¡ts dead as Julius Caesar. Formed consider- ably »iver three years ago, it gave up til« ghost after Ino meetings were held. On Wednesday evening last, there was a meet- ing of selectors to consider tlie resolutions nf Hie South Warrego Association. Mr. \V. H. .1. Mayers, as President of thc Long- reach Associai ion, toni; iilic i hair, anil briefly explain«! why they met. Thc eorrcsjion ?leivcc between thc South Warrego Associa- tion anti Mr. John Cameron was read, «Iso » report of the meeting at which thc reso- lutions were, passed. The Chairman re- marked that thc resolutions of the .South Warrego Assoeiation nict their ouse. Mr. J. II. Polers was opposed to (he selectors making tl move now-, but considered they should wait until they saw how thc pas- toralists fated. He considered the pastora- lists «ere entitled to an extension of their leases, and if they secured, any concesión thc selectors would also gel something. Mr. <i. Hayward concurred in these views. Sir. tirolniii said ältere was no good in delaying. Why. he asked, should the selectors ride on thc tailboard of the pastoralists' van '! The selectors were entitled to as much con- sideration ns thc pastoralists. The Chair- man favoured an adjournment until Fri- day, when there would he a more represen- tative meeting. Ho «poke ott tiic manner in which thc Government had. without being asked, reduced the -purchasing price of agricultural farms taken up at :id. per acre to 15«. per acre, while liose taken np at (id. still remained at £1. He had a motion asking (hat troth should bc placed on an equality. Mr. Cory promised lo bring this before the adjourned meeting if thc. Lhairinan were absent, while Sir. For- rest, .-aid lie would lay übe views of Messrs. Peters and Hayward before thc ndjóumcd meeting. The meeting then adjourned. Thc adjourned meeting on Friday was at- tended hy about twenty gentlemen, and was a representativo one. Mr. H. H. 13d kins was voled to thc chair. The corres- pondence read at the previous meeting was again submitted, ttijiiic letters of apology were read from Messrs. James Magollin and W. Coade and Son. Aitcr a few pre- liminary remarks from the Chairman, Mr. Moirat. expressed the. opinion that if they went the. proper way about it, they would lie afforded a measure of relief owing to the manner in which tho Government had met them in the matter of red tiding thc rates for eariying stock and fodder. Thc Chairman said they would have to show that thc present drought was the worst on record, and point out how it would take them several years to recover, even with moderately good seasons, ile. was inclined to tilio appointment of a sub-committee to draw up resolutions to be considered at a future meeting. Thc views of Messrs. Hay wand and Peters were then laid before those present by Mr. Peterson, who acted for Mr. Forrest in this matter. Mr. F. Coxon iras against any waiting ; they should act at once, thereby strengthening their own and thc pastoralists' hands. The Chairman admitted uliat the question wa« a very ticklish one to deal willi, hut in view of thc heavy expenditure the selectors nihl «thc!* laid ¡non put lo, and thc vim sequent inflation of tho revenue, surely they were entity to receive, sonic consi- deration. On the mol inn nf Messrs. llilev and Moffat, il wits decided to send it tele grain to thc South Warrego fielet-tors' A--] siH'iation, stating Illili nt a mewing nf the Mitchell selectors it was decided tn -up pull them, and that (he resolutions arrived I at would be fnrwitrilif! in due curse. A sifb-committee coirsisting of Messrs. Mof- fat, Caiman. Avery, Telford. Peterson.' Cr.niisie, and Kdkins was (hen appointed to draft it seheme to be laid before a meet- ing cn thc -.Wrd of August. The Chairman instanced several malters which would mim! within the scope of this Commit lee. Mr. Cory laid Mr. W. li. Mayer«* resolu- tion wiora liie meeting, and Mr. (Vixon pointed out discrepancies bei ween the ISSt and lS!)r Ai ls. Air. Caiman very properly pointed mn thill they hud not come there to suggest amendments to Land Acts. A levy of ."is. «as (lien struck tn defray ex- penses, a fi er which lim meeting tenuinaleil. 'Inc siili-i nnimitice met. or. Sui ir, dav niiini ing. «heir 'Messrs. Kilkins. Cramsie, and Cannan »eui appointed a Ciiinmitlep tn draft a petition a-kiug tor next year'- rent. This «ill he -iil.aiiiled to (he meeting to- morrow evening. I..i-t «eek was a carnival week on a «until -eile, for in addition lo ll»- Friendly societies' «¡un« and ball, lucre, were tho («ii days' taces and thc Tennis Cluii ball, nm lailei- na.« :-li« social success ol' Hie |iri .-eui sea.-on. The Lyceum ilieatn- tva cngagoil. and there wire ahum si\i_v eiilljiles <!.i!l. ill^. Colli-inns «ere ine-, il.lhJe. mil. «ere taken in good pan. i lie dre «?oin by the ladies were very haml-nn... 'I lu- -upper iv.i« provided by Hie iad:e-. and un doubt lo them in a great nmi-iiii iluit thc success of thc dance. Mrs. \\(-|)i-n ahl prnviihil I har nnisic, viiluiuni'ic« beinj placed liv Hie Misses Mrnning. < hippc'dall, and li. lianeke. and Mr. J. M'l line. Haul- ing ca« kcul. np Hil after two o'clock, ll is ...ni-fai-ioiy lo know (hat. Hie. funds ol' (he Venn!- Club «¡li bein Itt io I lui e\teui ol ; 'nail U Ci. i,iiiiie a ;d.i,'iii was casi, mer Hie com iii 11 H i I «' \c-tciilav morning liv thc -liddell . leith'..-.' V.r.. Pain-kc. wit« ol' Mr. Oscar K.ui-ke, i-hemi-i. of this Imvn. Mr«. Italic),-, i;iil i'.p in l ic !':iirui',i-..' apparent :y ill thc In-.! .o' h..Milli. Sae wa- guilt:: oin lo do a mil,' ;'-ii-iienillg. M hell -Ile'Wits seized willi au all iel, nf cramps in I he lu-art. Or--. HIM:- an.! i.imlay were iiniiic.lialely . .elli d in. lon Hi" unfortunate lady »a's f.r-t .-'!! ililli', ft aid, .-ind .lid -,»tri after Iii- .?!!.!. k -cl ill. Ml«, Hamlin had lien i i ;;ic lü Mirl fm- a lMiiiilier ol' \car-. en I .. ?-- c.- ii.-r.-'j. nell ükc.1. Sin- ira- inn ¡cd il;i- aiii-i i-:-:i. a laure nuinlicr liciim pie .rei .ti (ic !..-: ..i.| lin-. Hie gi',.¡u,-l -. .. i. 'iy i- : -'I i. r :i,-e here i veil hn-lianj > ; - : '? i !.- ' 'cen appointed lentpor .iiüv i., I:?- .. liing -lull' in > Hie Sl.-r ' . ? "?::] ; , - . Thi« la.Iv ha« |,-"| cvpoi'.ourc in hoi.... in liclaml. neel- Mr, Soit. Hie In-pi-clor "f I ii jilt.iii;:;-!1-. :;.t« in tenn on liu«iui-«s con licet cd «¡Hi hts Hep-art meal. A -pecial gene,-ni meeting of the inein liers of the Longreach Pastoral and Agri .-IIll ural Society wa» held on Friday even- ing Ins! in Hip Commercial Hotel. Mr. ll. KnylMl being in tho chnir. Thc -business wm purely fmm.il, hoing merely ttl adopt (lui biilaiu-csheet. When thc mol ion for this -nus carried, thc proceedings ter- minated. The, Longreach Jockey Club hud .1 loss of .Clio «nt tho recent meeting. While on spurting I might mention thal Dick Mark- well took Hebel out to Wellshot on Satur- day last, «nd till«- sim of .lillian Avenel and Kelicccii will do stud duty out there. At th« usual weekly practice of thc liillc (.lui) on Saturday last tho following scores were made : - lt. Harlow, SH ; A. S. ..ittrdocii. Hi ; .1. .Spews, H2 ; J. Cochrane, ft* : M. Horton, til. Murdoch failed lo ilia plnvo Harlow in thc "bumping" competi- tion. A couple of drunks liav,e made their how lo the. Hench, one. heilig lined ¡"is. and Hbo other IDs. Al a special Court hold on Saturday. Mr. Cory was appointed potiudkeepct' fur thu cit-uiiig year. The usual monthly meeting of the Com- mittee of the Longreach Chamber «if C0111 iiit-rci! win held last night. Then- were present :- Messrs. ll. Kngli.-h (in thc chair), <". II. Klttgli. J. I', Peterson, r. Cory. A. S. Murdoch, ll. White. T. !.. Fnrlies. and F. Mills (Secretary). Awilo gies wen- received front Messrs. M'I'hie, Hilcy. and Perkins. The principal corres- pondence was in eonncetion willi the. cs ulilisinent of a telephone i-xehangc, an intimation having been received that there were no funds to carry iL out. Tin- Secre- tary was instructed lo communicate with Messirs. Fitzgerald mid John Cameron, on this nuttier. Sevenü Jett ors were received having reference (0 (Int Jaie agitât¡<«i to have, the Cendal linc extended to lUackall instead of Jundah. A letter was rei-civad from (ho Post and Telegraph Department to (he effect that the maller of ¡Hitting gravel in front of thc Post Oflici- had been referred to thc Works l)«-p.irtiiient. Th«' Secretary was instructed to send out. cir- culars to the. members drawing their atten- tion lo rule M. lt was decidi-d to hold a quarterly niectrirg on thc third Monday in September, and thc annual'meeting «ni thc (hird Monday in October. A suu-coiiniiit tce was appointed to draw- up the annual report. This was all thc business. The following produen was dispatclied from here during thc wci-k :-Wni'brwran, (¡0 bales ; langford, 33. Front the. 'West Ijongrcaeh works (lie following wits sent : -M.D, i bales : .LT.. 0 : Strathdarr, S ; Tarcombe, 2 : CM. over (I. li ; Darr ltiver Downs. .1 ; Westlands, 5 ; d'reeiiililfs, il ; Corona. :i:i. 'Longreach, 21st August, 1ÍI0O. 