OUT OF THE BEATEN TRACK. [Aw, Rights Resriivbd.] ' Jem, I say— Jom, old man, rouso up.' Tho speaker, a well-knit, broad- shouldered young follow, bont anxiously ovor tho proa trato form before him. ' I beliovo t|ie rascals have pretty noarly finished him up,' ho muttered, as ho peered into the white face and strove in tho fast gathering twilight to diBcovor the oxtent of the damngo that had been done to his friend, Jom Aahton. They more on a walking tour through tho South Western Highlands of Scotland, and scorning to keep to tho beaten track had been set upon, after a long day's tramp, by two mon, relieved of their knap sucks and the contents of their pockets, and left to their fate in this wild, little fre quented glen, exposed to the full fury of tin oncoming storm. A well aimed blow hud quickly stretched ' Lanky Jem,' us his friends called him, sonsoless on tho ground, leaving his more stalwart companion, Hal Chester, to deal single-handed with their adversaries. There was a desperate tussle boforo he was worsted, to which a black eyo and the torn and dirty condition of his clothos boro eloquent witness; but tho odds were too atrong aguinst him, the men made otf with thoir booty, and Hal. was left in a bruised and battorml condition boside his fellow-victim. Ho fetched water in his cup from the mountain torrent hard by, and, to his intense relief, Jem presently gavu vent to a languid: ' Stop that; you're drowning me.' Then he sat up and looked about him in a dazed sort of fashion, till hiB eyes rested on Hal's fuco, when ho went off into a hearty guffaw, which relieved the other's mind' from any further anxiety — no half- dead man could laugh like that. ' I ixpect they have spoilt my beauty for me pro tem.,' he said, good-huinouredly, aa ho helped Aem to his feet. ' If you feel equal to walking, old chap, we had better bo pushing on, for I don't altogether fancy a night's lodging on the cold ground in this plight.' 'Oh, yes; I'm fit enough. But those ras cals have made a clean sweep of it, and no mistake. They haven't even left mo my 'baccy. Havo you any notion whereabouts we are? '' ' Not tho slightest. Ifs about as deso late a spot as one could well lind. Unit's all' 1 know, but as wo have not passed a single cottage since we turned off the road, the most sensible plan will be to go ahead until we can Bnd Bhelter of some sort. Whew! how Btingingcold it is,' as a blast of wind oamo surging down the narrow pass, driving the rain and sleet full in their faces. They ?struggled on, Hal beguiling ths time with a vivid description of his vain attempt to de fend their property. It was hard work picking their way amongst the rough stones and bits if rock, in the teeth of the gale; and when the glen widened, and they found themselves once more in the open country, it. was not much better, exposed as they were to the full fury of the wind. It was quite dark by now. Between the shuwers the moon peeped forth at intervals from the dense masses of swiftly-drifting olouds; but it was not a moon worthy of tho name, looking out reluctantly from its cloudy shield, and shed ding little or no light on the surrounding landscape. Jem Ashton pulled up short with a spasmodic gasp. ' I can 't hold out much longer, Hal. Tho iuy'ueiiu more thari It bought. Them seems to be a building of some sort over there to tho loft. If you don't mind stopping a bit, I'll just get my wind before we go furthsr,' A shadowy gleam of moonlight shewed Hal v what Beomedto be like a roughly built chapel Bouie yards ahead. Putting his arm through Jem's, he half led, half dragged him to the building, and left him leaning against a broken down gate, whilst ho felt his way round in search of a spot that might per chance afford them some slight shelter from the biting wind. Presently he came to a door, and feeling cautiously along, found, to hia joy, that it was ajar. ' Jem,' he called, as he mide his way back to his companion, 'it's no good trying to push on further to-night. By good luck somebody has been careless over the fasten ing of this door, and it has blown open. Let's take refuge tilt daylight, at all events.' ' The other willingly agreeing, they groped their way in, and wearied out with battling against the elements, dropped exhausted on the nearest bench. ?' We must get on with the tirBt gleam of daylight,' Jem panted, ' or we Bhall pay for tliiB rest with a sharp touch of rheumatic fever.' ' Right you are. We will make a move as soon as you havo a leg to Btund on. If only those rascally beggars had loft our flasks, there would have been a chance of getting some warmth into one; but, as it iB, ouo can only long for the unattainable.' ' Wonder if there is a cottage anywhere near.' ' Bound to come to some before long. This seems to bo a chapel, from what I could sec from the -outside, ft would be no good a parson preaching unless he hail a flock to listen to him; and flocks must have some kind of a shanty over their heads.' ' They go awful long distances sometimes to their precious kirks, though.' ] ' You're a nice Job's comforter.' Then silence fell upon them aB they sat huddled together for warmth in a coruor of the bench. The wind had dropped, but the rain still beat pitilessly against the windows, making thorn thankful for even the sorry comfort of the dismal .chapel and hard bench. At length Jem said: ' Do you hear a peculiar sound ?' ' Yes, rain,' eumo the sleepy answer. Another long silence. Then Jem spoke again. ' It's not rain. Thero' is another noise, quito distinct; a Bort of soft pattoring.' ' Rats, mice,' was tho laconic reply. ' And a kind of moaning sound, ' persisted Jem, straining forward to listen more in tently. ' Why, man alive, you're not afraid of ghosts, surely!' and, raising his voice. Hal called in a mocking tone : ' Pray, don't bo agituted on our account, yo unquiet spirits of the departed. We shall be thuukful if you will deign to visit us, and help wile away the weary hours.' A rustling sound followed this speech. ' Hul, you haven't a match anywhere about yuu, 1 suppose ?' fulteiod Jem. ' My good follow, our worthy friends of the glen have left me absolutely nothing but a half-sovereign which hud kindly lodged it self in the lining of my pucket, and so cb enped their notice. ' As he spoko something brushed past them. Jem touched his arm convulsively. ' Didn't you feel n touch ?' he whispered. ' Can't say I did; but very likely you felt a bat.' ' Bats don't walk upright. I felt some thing tread on my foot und touch my olbow as it hurried past.' Hul begun to seriously speculate as to whether the knock on tho head had upset his ' friend's equilibrium. j ' All fanoy,' he said, soothingly. ' You ? are faint for food and just about dead beat. You wait here till I mako my way lo tho nearest cottage, get some food, and bring it bnck to you. I really think it will be the best plan. You are not tit to walk another yard as you are, and we shall both catch our deaths of cold if we wait in this wretched hole till dawn.' Jem felt ashamed to own that he Btrongly objected to keeping a lonely vigil in such a place, and hud just ugreed to the plan, when once moro the mysterious moaning was heard, and a wan ray of moonlight, shining tluough the window opposite, mado a slowly widening patch of dim, misty light. Across this patch a shadowy form was seen to Hit, followed by another and another. Then tile moon was overshadowed, and all was shrouded in darkness. But Jem had seen enough. ' I can't Btop here. It's— uncanny,' ho groaned, hurrying his companion to the door, which he banged behind him with a clang that would have aroused the Seven Sleepers themselves. ' Poor chap, that blow must certainly have upset him. I alwnys did say he out grew his strength, and could not stand much,' thought Hal compassionately; for he had been stooping to fasten his boot whnn tho moon shone forth for that moment, so had not observed tho vision which had been the climax ' to his friend's ideas of unearthly visitants. ' Feel better after the rest ?' ho remarked choerily, as they trudged along. ' Rest ! In that place? I have always laughed at the bare idea of spirits ? ' ' You tako pretty kindly to the Scotch man's beverage,' put in Hal drily. ' Oh ! shut up, you know what I mean. But after to-night's experience I'll — .' He paussd. v ' Well ?' ' I'll bo hangei if I know what to think.' ' Pshaw! You're as nervous as a school, girl. If you had seen anything, now, it would have been different; but to get in a blue funk because an owl screeches and rats scamper about, it's ? ' ? ' But I did see something.' 'Oh! he's going off' it!' thought Hal. ' By all the powers, that's surely a lantern I see moving in the distance,' he said aloud. 'Hullo there!' ' Hullo !' ciirne an answering 'shout, and the light moved quickly towards them. It Droved to be a man who had been putting up his horse after a late jaunt to tho nearest town, and on hearing of their plight he will ingly consented to pilot them to an inn a little further down the road. The next morning Hal was greatly delighted to find hiB companion suffering from notUiut; worse I ban a bad cold. ' I say, old fellow, I have found out all about your ghosts,' ho oxclaimed later on in the day, spreading his numbed hands to the (ire. beside which he had persuaded Jem to remain. ' 1 went to have a look at that chapel just now, and when the man who took me opened the door we found some deer trotting about. They had evidently taken refuge from the storm last night ; you shut them in, and there they wore waiting to get out, poor beasts.'' 