SYDNEY SIDELIGHTS. V ? -''Look here, upon this picture, and on this.' (By ' Vandorian.') ? The Australasian Trained Nurses' Association .?Was inaugurated amidst brilliant surroundings *t the Town Hall on Friday evening last. The Mayor and Mayoress of Sydney entertain fed the members of the Nurses' Association and a large assemblage of guests at a conversazione — 'an assembly for conversation, - chiefly in litera ture.' (See dictionary.) ^ Having been convened for conversation nearly ieveryone conversed (not necessarily on litera ture), and the musical part o£ the entertainment wasn't the slightest interruption,, but accom panied — with much harmony — the conversazione! Entering the Town Hall by the 'main en trance, guests were received under a floral arch by Sir Matthew, Lady Harris, and Miss Harris. The Mayoress, v.Tho wore grey brocaded silk, and ield a bouquet in one hand, kept the other (the general utility hand) for hospitable extension purposes, and sliook hundreds of guests (only by the hand), -with the greatest good will. And if the Mayor ess could only have shaken up the speeches in the same cordial fashion they might have been a little lighter. But they had to be .taken with out having been previously shaken, and, like the youngest daughter's Christmas pudding, rwere very heavyJ After the speeches came mental indigestion; after that the company ral lied and became festive again over the supper table, where the frothy elegancy of 'trifle' re Stored the mental collapse caused by medical statistics! Near the first Vice-regal grotto stood also his (Worship, in ermine-bordered robes of civic state, ?wearing round his neck the- soft blandishments Of. Honiton lace, which fell in graceful ends, like a waterfall frou frou. Then came Miss C. Har ris, in a pretty gown of white silk and chiffon— particularly chiffon; for fascinating little frills, in company with artless rows of bebe ribbon, ?wandered about till they found a* pink, rose or two in the corsage — then ceased to put on frill! Grotto No. 1, near the door was a floral limbo and intermediate resting-place for distinguished visitors before they winged their flight (in quite an unfledged and figurative manner) to the Central paradise of palms! This was a social Mecca, under the great lights that shine from the middle of the dome roof, and he who placed liis feet upon the sacred carpet, and stood be neath the canopy of palms, held his head up Very high indeed, as a person who had either served his country, or really meant to do sol lady Mary Lygon and Lady Susan Gilmour \TOre diamonds with their black gowns. Lady Susan's corsage was draped 'with handsome black sequin net, and her hair was worn well off the face, in smooth coils. They were accom panied by Captain Wilfred Smith, A.D.C. Sir 'William and Lady Lyne, Mrs. John See and Miss See, Miss Garran; Mrs. Doc ker, Mr. and Mrs. Ashton, Mrs. Brennan and Miss Brennan (who isn't 'out' yet, but wore ?white satin, with lilies of the valley in her dark hair, and certainly appeared to be present), Dr. and Mrs. Frizelle, Dr. and Mrs. Munro, Miss M'Carthy, Miss Quinn, Sir Edward and Lady Knox, Mrs. W. H. Suttor, Miss Harris (Little fcridge), Mrs. J. T. Thompson (in white satin, trimmed with Honiton lace, and 'she wore a ?wreath of roses' round her corsage), Dr. Leo Neill; and the rest of the medical profession, or so it seemed, were present on Friday evening, amongst hundreds of other visitors. '?As in a looldng-glass' were the faces of the guests at the conversazione. As the orators took the platform, and plunged (so to speak) into associated facts, which were unconnected in any way with fancy's airy flight, the audience took chairs when it was possible, took to their heels (in giddy imagination), and wore highly in telligent masks over their resigned faces! For there they were, faithfully portrayed in the mir rors that formed a kind of illustrated frontis piece to the platform. It was a charming scene, framed in jonquils and fern leaves, that ?we saw 'as in a looking-glass' on- Friday even ing. And, though modestly sitting with your back to the entire assemblage, it was possible and very pleasant to watch this illustrated page of Sydney society. Dr. F. Norton Manning, in saying that the Nurses' Association was granted to the Mayor and Mayoress for their generous hospitality, evoked hearty applause, and no better advertise ment of the Trained Nurses' Association would foe possible. Nurses long and short, broad, thin, and me dium. They made a goodly number. ' White and blue, white and grey, white only, they were there, in marfy uniforms, with fresh, bright races, and cheerful 'come-to-enjoy-myself ' expressions. Gone are the days of Gamp and Co., or relegated to the shades of melodrama! The rolling tide of modern advance has swept them back, though their portly ghosts may be sus pected still haunting the delirium of sickness. . To. hold the patient's nose, and administer the medicine in contract time, and wholesale doses; to pass the night in sleep upon the patients' cushions, for 'if you finds the armchair 'ard, take 'is pillows,' and 'to put your lips when so dispoged' (which seems to have been fairly often) to mysterious bottles and teapots that ?were wanting in spouts- and characters; all this ?was suggested by the vivid contrast presented by the blooming faces of the modern-trained prototypes of Gamp at the conversazione! Miss Ryrie (matron Craigend Hospital), Miss Goddard (North Shore), Miss Rutter (Parramatta), Miss Hufcan Smith, Miss Willow were amongst the bright familiar faces which were formerly associated with Prince Alfred Hospital. 'The Rose of Persia* blooms in rich luxuriance at Her Majesty's Theatre. Music, scenery, and dresses are each the best of their kind. And when the curtain rises on the court of Hassan's house (that Hassan who is undoubtedly mad since he prefers 'the society of beggars to the beggars of society') the beauty of coloring is difficult to de scribe. In the .centre sits Hassan (Mr. Lauri), a Krugerised version of a rich Persian philanthrop ist, surrounded by the twenty-five ladies who share his heart and home. His snuff-brown garments edged with green, his red and white 'waistcoat and y-llow sash, worn in the opening scene, are as the coloring of the grub when contrasted with the rose satin robe of state, in which he assumes (much to his astciishment) the throne and title of Sul tan. The Rose in Bloom (Miss Winston-Weir) wears Sn the first act a lovely dress of which the iront panel is pale pink satin; long flowing draperies of green and silver gauze fall from her shoulders, and a pink headdress with an.osprey tip complete this charming costume. In the second act as Sul tana (no longer in disguise) her dress is still in tones of pink and green, while a crown of state completes this handsome attire. Miss Carrie Moore, a dainty Heart's Desire, Is a pretty vision in the opening sceae of the second act — a coronet from which flows a long veil of heliotrope gauze or chiffon, -a silvery gauze covers the heliotrope underskirt, and the sheen of white satin and gold embroidery make Heart's Desire look a most fascinating- itttle beauty. Tet Fussuf (Mr; Kenningham) sings to her, 'Try to target oar caravans have met amid the desert burning space, .Where thou and I have; rested in a shady place a little while — and then passed by!' Miss*Dorothy Vane, as Dancing Sunbeam, looked so youthful that the frequent reference to her as 'plain and middle-aged' seemed to refer to some-' one else. Her train of peacock blue shot silk and heavy embroidered fikirt, and her helmet-shaped head dress in the same tints, formed one of the handsomest dresses in *he first act. And for the rest, rich shades of blue, yellow, and terra cotta, white, green, and rose, and a per fect glitter of gold embroidery, formed a gay setting to the Eastern beauty of 'The Rose of Persia.' On 'Monday evening his Excellency the Governor and Lady Mary Lygoirgave an evening party at Government House. The last of a series of five. Amongst those present were the French Consul (M. Voieson) and Mme. Voisson, Mr. Critehett Walker, the Chief Justice and Lady Darley, Sir George and Lady Dibbs. Mr. J. J. Calvert, Mr. Justice Owen, the Hon. John See, Mrs. and Miss See, the Right on. G. H. Reid and Mrs. Reid, Mrs. and Miss Hogue, Mrs. and Mies Clibbora, Mr. Howard Ashton, Mr. W. Bailey, and Mr. and Mrs. Randal Carey, and the Misses Carey. The Freemasons' annual ball, which takes place this evening in the Town Hall, will be the great spectacular event of the week, and the brilliant scene the opening ceremonies presented at last year's ball insures a large gallery attendance, in addition to those taking part in it. The Boys' Brigade ball will be held on August 2\. Mrs. Flood, Mrs. Mansell. Mrs. Broughton, Mrs. Powell, Mrs. Hunter, Mrs. E. J. Playfair (hon. secretary), and Mrs. J. A. Dean (hon. trea surer) are, with other ladies, working hard to make this year's ball a great financiaj success. At the Newtown Court on ?Wednesday, Herbert Bax, 12, and Robert Wilkinson, 13, -were charged with the theft of portion of the hood of a sulky, a pair of trousers, and a serviette, of the total value of 30s, the property of Norman M'Indoe, at Petersham, on the 16th instant The accused were each fined 2Gs, or four days' imprisonment. 