SUNDAY, SEPTEMBEB 9, 1900. THE PUBLIC PEESS AND THE PERTH SUPPRESS. AT last the "Morning Herald" la4 recognised the fact that there is a grave scandal in connection with the Perth Ice Works frauds. It has, in fact, gone so far as to devote a leading article to the subject, the main object of which is to prove the directors of the concern as pure as the white-' washed snow. Having accomplished this task to its own satisfaction, it next proceeds to berate the weekly press for having exposed the affair at all. The writer of the article in ques tion remarks : "Here we would like to join in the deprecation, very well expressed by Mr. George last night, of the growing practice of a section of the press to pander to the morbid cravings of a scandal-loving public by continually dragging the conduct of prominent pnblic men, whether acting in then public or private capacity, before the communitfcr, and coupling their names with the suggestion-sometimes thinly veiled, and more often not veiled at all-that they have either been them- selves guilty of fraud, or have connived at fraud, or that a fraud has bes* con- nived at by somebody on thair behalf and because of their influential «tend- ing. For instance, what conceivable good could be attained by &ie; pablica tion of a full list ,«f the shareholder« in the Perth Ice Company ? What could be the object of such publication un- less it was to unnecessarily associate the names of a number of peopl« as respectable, and weli known to be as honorable as any other citizens in oar midst, with a very unsavory pieee of business i Many of thea« gentleman are well known both in the eastern colonies and in England ; all of them have reputations which are dear to them ; and none of them are in a posi- tion which justifies their being ruth iessly pilloried as by implication th« aiders and abettors of a swindle. We do not say that tile proprietors of the papers referred to desired that any an pleasant inferences should be drawn from the juxtaposition of certain names with a certain fraad, ascertain facts, and imperfect information. Bat we do say this unhesitatingly-that a large section of th« public is always more ready to draw a scandalous in- ference than a* pleasant one ; and wa trust that the day is far diatant when th« vicious American practica of try- ing to alrajg honored namoi-th* more honored *<. .tatter-in the mud for the purpos* oï satisfying parient «rávings will form one of t*i« featarab of th« Australian pratt: We ventare io refer to tiie matter in this connection be- cause it is not only in relation to the affairs of the Perth los Company that this kind of thing is goiag on. The Attorney-General, has himself, aa he ba« on more than ons occasion recently stated, has been exposed, «ad ia «till -exposed, to all manner of attacks hav- ing for their object th« vuifyiag of hiß personal conduct, and eran of his pro- fessional actions and honor." The chameleon editor of this: paragon of journalistic consistency bas treated its few readers, who, in tile abseaea of anything better to do, wade through its leading articles, to a homily on how a. newspaper controversy should be conducted. It is somewhat refreshing to learn +hat the editor of the journal in question recommends tba* abattes, of however grave: a natur« they may be£ shou'd not be exposed if in the osarse of the expos«»« pvblic «as« who hold highland honorable position* may "be suspected of dishonorable con- duct. This policy is and has been the one pursued with such signal saecess by the journal in question, and wa only regret that a sense of tbs datj we owe to the public prevents as adopting it in the management of this journal That the gross frand OB «fae Ballway Department of ah« «oiony by the Perth Ice Company shosld be ax posed, that journal dare aol deny, bat that the names of the 22 shareholders should be kept secret lest a stigma might be cast on any one of tho mem- bers is contended for, but on wnat grounds it is impossible to i»a<çiae. The chai rman of directors of the Perth Ice Company, Mr. Alex. Forrest, also a director and the second largest shareholder in" the "Morning Herald" Newspaper Company, and though this fact may be a convenient and powerful reason, in the opinion of the editor pf that journal, fer !ttí*ÍMg all enquiry, it-will not b» .aio>***t»#- by the public aa ja _«-***t».»u»ry <»«-». flow the "scandál-'lóvÍMJí |p¿í»;i«;': wíii n»li«h the "Hornim* H . raid's" di* at ti »«ir "morbid cravings" we know «ot ; but one thing is certain, that if the Kal- goorlie VSanft^had not -exposed th»* shameful fraud in th© tharough manner in which it did so, it is ten to one that it would haye been hushed ap alto- gether, as a .simüar fraud committed by the same people, nearly a year ago, was. It waa justifiably suggested by our Eialgoorlie contemporary that the former matter would never have been Jrep^qure* brt>*wc .^be hlgíi position of some of Ifeôse intoreeted, ' and " the Depart« wt immeôHatelx pro«#edsd "to prove tiwi rétention by promptly prosecuting Howard aad lB^emp, who were allleged to have swindled them j ont of 5d.! On the face of it, it cer- ; tainly seemed that this was another instance cf the only too familiär prin E ciple of one law for the rich and another for the poor, and there was no better way of demonstrating tho fact and of compelling restitution tba« br pillorying those interested in a public exposure. In the endeavor to shield the directors it also became necessary to throw some sort of protection over the Attorney-General for the pari ha has played in the unsavory drama. The facts are unfortunately too sfcrow to permit of justification of either. >». company consisting of a small another of leading men plunders the public purse, and is afforded every facility by a too willing Department. The fraud is exposed and the company1 disgorge* its ill-gotten gains, asserting that tba directors had no knowledge of the fraud, -although they had- earefally divided the proceeds. The question arises, if that be so, what prompted the person or persons who actaeUy did perpetrate the ¿rand to do so ! It is opposed to human experieace that cae man will deliberately plau and ujneaia a crime rendering himselfr liable to punishment, in order to benefit third persons, some of whom he does «ot probably know. Bab assuming the» «ùch an improbable case did happen tor the first time in «he history of crime, be it remembered-the d treeton would, one woald imagine, exprese in- dignation at the conduct of its ser- vants. It would cause a searching en- quiry to be made .and iasfcantly dismiss all servants connected in any wmf with the fraud. 'The* manager of thc company,, who is held up as tile scapegoat; still continue» to fill the position, but the director? retire. This is a shuffling of the caris which will scarcely have the desired effect ol deceiving the pablic even wise, tibe aid of the efforts of th« "Morning Herald." The Atteanay General comes in for blame for' hil neglect to take a Arm and decided stand, caed th» is atjeibated tote* exhibition of Ministerial ghosts bete* the Treasury benches, which operate« as a weraiag to ase present «Ms*p4ee* The ' fraud could not have b<*e« an«? ceived and aeneesefally carried M*C execution by one pMeton. In tb* execution the chief plotter xaaat hav« had confedérate», ead these opold hom been easily discovered had the ia cater; like all other crimes, been handed ovei to the deteeetee Jiijii li . t."1 JTo* althoa^i the penalty for defcraadinj the Kaü«é|r PepaisWÉJii or¿í*Ji< ii only a peoaoisry one, it Beast aot bi forgotten there attU remains the whole some law of conspiracy, which maj be broadly stated a« follow« :--If two os more persons combine or agna tegethw to do an illegal act they are guilty ol coiUfHSPsy and ave liable te indict ment and imprisonment for a term oj years. Apparently no step« wen taken in this direction, and this fact coupled with the man nar in whiel certain other proseeations wave aap pressed, goes a mr way, independent of other considerations altogether, *c destroy the vestige of confidence which thc P'biie were willing to repose ii the Attoraey GeneeaL It ehoalc not, however, be lost sight of that th« directors of lae Joe Compaay astd tai Á#toraey '?r«a9MÍ1 era both aroeegcee st fee bar of paunia opinion, aid thal the " Marrirag n feats boand it «he ewe* <** pabli* m^mJñWf ec «a«| apon itself the on«rrnw daby «f ddacá lng them. Maeh of the odium whicl has been cast upon the Attorney General is due to bis «WM iaalta Since the days of his aadignifiet sqaabbb with Mr. Hor/pn, Mr Pennefather hes been gs&ty; of a seria of injudioieas acetoas whick new rendered it inevitable that he ehoaU be freeeently iciMijattl ito eke pablii Press, So strong ba* tke jpefinj against him £rown ia cecil* quar-ten that when a Sew sooachc ago if w* rumored that he *M föaely to b elevated to the Sepram« .Court Beach a protest waa signed by «very anemba of ta« Bar eave "two. We keraw tbi at she time ; eould have published th full text of the docacseai, togethe with the signatures and the nantes o those who refrained from so deing and tho fact that we did not do so despite our own iseiings of politic* (not personal) hostility towards Mr Pennefather, is the best proof that wi have no desire to to inj«re reputation fro»» shaer l*ve pf sensetíoa. Apropoa too, of lcjfal mau a«d feh<"ir little way« wp huppen to wow thai wholaml touting takes pl «oe at the polie slatáon every day » feke week, aad w< know which of the solicitors are gatley of this degrading atid dishonorabt practice, but we have held, aad ai still holding, dar hand anfcj we cai prove every allegation we may noak ap to the hilt But »here can be n doubt that the country benefits mor from the wholesome -exposares of th weekly newspapers thau it does'fror tho who|e^e trapp««^n8 .pf^^ ^reï .which arrogates "to; itself ¿he tíjtleo « respectable." The "Morning Herald -i^gra^ of way^ig^jj proyed of the SÜSÍDAT TOWS' exposer -wu iiiiiiiJUJunii.i Mi« .m nimm ?. of the condition of Fremantle Gaol : until oar case havng been proved, and ¡a Penal Commission appointed and mach good having resulted, it again condescended to pat us on the back in its own grand maternal fashion. Similarly, when we revealed to a dis- gusted population the atrocities of Brockman, De Pledge, and others, it stood aloof until all risk was past, and then applauded the result in genteel fashion. This has been the policy oí the daily papers in connection with the exposure of half a hundred scan- dals, the revelation of which have been beneficial to the public of this colony ; and then, when we have run the risk, borne'tiie abuse of the Premier, the member for Murray, and others, half ruined ourselves by paying law costs, the "Herald" or its contemporary ateas in with its benediction or castlefern as it may suit the exigencies of the moment. The attitude of the dailies of Perth has ever been capable of expression in the following words: "You do the work ; you take the risk ; yo« pay the costs ; and we-well take the glory!" But so far as the tee Cqaepaay is concerned the public de- mand a full and searching inquiry into all the circumstances surrounding the whole disgraceful business, and it is to be boped that any attempt to stifle en- quiry by the introduction of side issues will be frustrated. 