DIOCESE OF TASMANIA THE BISHOPS ANNUAL ADDRESS. The Bishop of Tasmania delivered his annual address to the clergy and lay mind person shivered in St David's Cathedral yesterday) afternoon, as follows - My Reverend Brethren and Brethren of the laity, the times in which we live are so full of incident, and tend towards such might) changes, both in Church and State, must on no is occasion, as had as less you as a b) soil for the last time in a century, 1 pi cause to pass over all local Returns of Closes at work must 1 may turn at once to women thoughts I shall not ultO(,itliii omit local topics but I can find unsullied opportunity) for them There is, however, one exception since we last met, the Parliament of this colony has studied) aided us in the inter- preacher of our Church Constitution Act in the direction we desired, and made clear beyond all doubt that we have the power to manage our own at tuns W c shall never used to trouble Parliament again and our thanks are due to I using McIntyre, the hon N L Lewis (the present Premier), and Mr R J Lucas, the Church Advocate, for the way in which they prepared the Bill We also desire to put on record our thanks to the late Premier and his Mm istry for making our members a Government Mill, are to the late Attorney General for taking charge, of it in the House of Assembly, and to members who put no obstacles in the way. Most of us believed that from the first full powers were given, as they were certainly meant to be given, in future, all doubts are swept away, and we shall proceed as before, keeping the unchangeable deposit of the Fjittk inviolable, cherishing the due Order of the Church Catholic, living as part of our National Church in Aus- J tralia, and in full communion with the Church at home, and with all other branches of the Church in all parts of the world. Our local freedom is the measure of our loyal unity with the Mother Church and all her daughters. The Ritual Crisis at Home Nothing si owe our close union with the Mother Ch'itch better than the way in which we are raised or depressed by Church strug flee in England. Last year, at this time, indulged in a prophecy, and assure you that our readers at home were strong enough and great enough to bring a few extremists back into line. That prophecy has been justified. After the opinion of the Archbishops upon the present use of incense during divine service the clergy, almost without exception, have obeyed, although, together with their congregations they have for 40 years, in many cases, found this symbol, so innocent in itself, helpful in their worship The Church is stronger and nobler for this obedience, and we shall not forget that one of the first who loyally obeyed the opinion was one whose name is justly revered in Tasmania by all sections of the Church Henry Bromby, late Dean of this Cathedral. The loyalty thus shown is all the more satisfactory, because one of our ablest divines, and one in no BGHHB a High Churchman, has expressed his doubts whether this opinion ' will not have in time to he modified. Speaking as a fair minded man, he asserts (as all unbiassed men would) that "the High Church party does aim at making the Church Catholic, and does not aim at making it Roman, or rather, its position is really stronger than this An Instructed High Churchman would not allow that he was trying to make the Church of England Catholic but only that he was trying to assert those elements of Catholicity which were inherent, though perhaps a tent in its constitution " This is the spirit in which one section of the Church should view another The loyal obedience of some of the most spiritual and noble of the clergy ought to have elicit- ed you would imagine, from an opposite school of thought, some generous ac knowledgment ought to have made them more respectful to the English Bishops, who have shown such tactful wisdom of late I do not think this has been the result I fear there is a noisy) section at home, which really) aims at narrowing down the Church doctrines, altering In fact, their present breadth a section to whom the dividing line between the Church and the Protestant denominations outside is a vanishing I hue and many features of the Church order rather accidents to be (its best) at quiesced in, or teachings to be diluted by j explanation, their directions to be fine I ally carried out" (Talbot) I think such language is not unfair, because I am confident there are some clergy of the Church who really sallow little of the Church Order need I carry out ' bridge for ) ourselves I know a case where a Bishop had to remonstrate strongly with a clergyman for breaking quite definite Church regulations on some important questions He did not deny that what he did was forbidden by the Church, but he alleged that the Church was wrong, and that he must obey Christ Granted that this is but a very small body, still it ill becomes such to reproach others with disloyalty or disobedience It gives the impression that they love their party only, not their Church, and that what they really aim at is the destruction of the solid Catholic foundation upon which the Church stands Having said this, be cause I think it is a real peril at HUB time, and because it shows once more the opposite poles from which our dangers characteristically) spring, I must quote further from the Bishop to whom I have already referred If he will permit me the honour, I should like to take his words as spoken for myself as one to whom moderation has always been both practically and speculatively congenial, I may say the more fired) that a Church which satisfied none but those of moder late temperament would be a narrow Church, and that moderation, like other forms of opinion, may easily have its ignoble as well as its noble side In an imperfect world warm convictions and devoted attachments are often and for many, practically inseparable from one sidedness of thought and expression" This will exhibit once more the problem which a man in authority in the Church has to face He has to rise above party cries, and cultivate detachment of mind, and refuse to let one violent partisan persecute another It is the proud boast of our Church that we do not exist for one class of mind and temperament, but deliberately accept the loftier ideal of finding a home within us for all tempera merits and characters, and it can be men gined that when men are very much in earnest as in these days I am glad to BE) they are there are explosive forces within us which ignited and burst at the touch of different agents It is a wonderful magazine for equipping the soldiers of the Lord for various enterprises but the guardians of the magazine have to walk warily and deserve our sympathy) in their unceasing attempt to prevent hostile combinations I suppose none but the English race would attempt it and none but the English Church This is the ideal we have always held in view, and we shall carry it out But I am sure that the heads of the Church will always suffer abuse from one side or the other There is one "woe" which I think they are in no danger of earning. All men are never likely to speak well of them They need high spiritual gifts, and they need an other gift, priceless, I think, in life I do not know whether you would all place it high. I mean a saving sense of humour We are proud of the undoubted fact that the ancient English Church contains more elements of explosive force than any other, and their diversity IS their excellence in the holy war against evil What we shall ever strive to do is to prevent them from turning inwards There is one crime which was the bitterest pang in an Apostle's heart. Warned by him, we shall try and prevent schools of thought from persecuting the Church of God" The Place of Symbolism in Worship - Although in this Diocese we are not affected by late ritual controversies at home, there being no alleged illegal practices among us, still we possess, of course, among ourselves, the same variety of temperaments and of shades of opinion I think in nothing do we differ so much from one another as in our attitude towards symbolism in worship It is a subject which can be discussed without heat, and sympathetically, and since it is one of the most fruitful causes of dissension in parishes it is worth facing it in the interests of peace It is certain that some temperaments abhor symbolism I will not ask Why this is so? Persons who abhor it in worship are not always wanting in imagination or poetry in other directions I think Mr Illingworth is right when he says that men can he classed as "mystical" or sacramental" in temperament We have to take account of both, and each needs its special gratification At the same time we are all accustomed to a certain amount of Church symbolism Even those who abhor any addition to innocent symbolic will prove of the symbolic meaning in a Church which faces east, which has a move (NOVIB Ecclesm) for the lay people aisles which, together with the nave, make a threefold building, culminating in a chancel to symbolise Unity They like the font to be near the west door, and the Holy Table at the east end, symbolising the two Sacraments, and their position in our life. The) appre- unit EMMA? on 4th page ] [Continued from 3rd page ) create the position of the clergyman in First erect facing the people except when he addresses them. All this is highly) symbolical, and is peculiar to the ancient Church, but it is too familiar to be abhorrent to me. What vexes is the novel, though it may be innocent and beautiful Many have no objection to a Cross on the roof, but will not endure one inside Others have no objection to the church being made to face east, so that the people have no need to turn at the Creed, but they cannot endure to see the poor clergy- man turn the same way as themselves, in order to be one with them in that special act. The plain Cross does not speak to them of the risen Christ, saying. "He is not here He is risen," although that is the symbolic meaning, and most helpful, telling of Christ glorified through suffering. From some Puritan sources they have come to believe that it is an idolatrous symbol. I suppose if they went home and noticed two lighted candles over the Lord's table during celebration of Holy Communion in Churches of most moderate ritual, and, I believe, in every Cathedral, it would be a hindrance and no aid to worship Yet I fancy that it is first archaeological)) interesting as a reminiscence of the days when they met in dark catacombs, and if the candles have any symbolical mean- ing, it is the Buperadded one in time, of Christ the Light of the World The proof tical question for us is how to meet the wishes of those who are lninirnselv aided by symbolic things, and those who find them positive pain. The clergy), also, as a rule, love symbolic aids, and it is natural. The) read more about them, and tore the sense of continuity these ad- juncts give. The laity do not, as a rule, understand them, or care much one way or the other. I earnestly trust that all improvements in ritual will be made after most open and full consultation Our rules lay down the principle that no alteration must be made without consultation with the Wardens. I hope that this may often lead to amicable meetings, at which worshippers, and especially com- municants, shall be given an opportunity of giving their opinion, and of hearing questions discussed The Parish Council is also an excellent body, and should be considered. The clergy and wardens should jointly unite in such expressions of opinion. Obviously, too, the clergy- man and his people, where there is a distinct desire for two different degrees of ritual, could arrange services calculated to aid both sections at convenient hours. The only true principle to adopt is that which obtains in a harmonious family life, where brothers and sisters are of different temperament. The earnest desire of every) clergyman and every la) main should be to think of the VISITES man needs of his neighbour. Where a clergy- man finds that almost all his people are helped by a very simple, and even bald ritual, and hindered by anything more elaborate, he will, of course, subordinate his own wishes absolutely to their needs, and can the affection and esteem of his people, who are sure to know that he is sacrificing his own tastes for their sakes The Apostle would not eat meat "so long as the world standeth" if it caused a brother to offend, how much more shall we try and meet those to whom unaccustomed skin bosom is a real pain and hindrance, Conversely, the latter must not be too selfish when their brethren ask for an increase in innocent and ancient ritual because it gives them such aid in their devotions. The Place of the Laity in the Church. It is noticeable that this was one of the chief subjects in the London Church Congress last year. The reason is obvious The Houses of Convocation consist only of the clergy. The Parliament is no longer a Church body, perhaps hardly a Christian body. The House of Las men has no legislative powers consequently, in eight years, since it came into existence, the Northern House of Law men only shows an average of 41 per cent of attendance. The practical outcome of the discussion is the only one which could have been arrived at, that "the full co-opera- tion of the laity, not as a matter of benevolence or bounty, but as a debt and duty, is necessary in practice, and indispensable in theory to the full power and efficiency of the Church." It was shown by one speaker that the living Body of the Church on earth was like an arch, the Bishop being the keystone, giving and receiving support, the clergy and laity having in- alienable positions. All this is what our Constitution here has taught us, we accept it as a matter of course No earthly power will ever subtract from the laity, any part of their full rights in the Church But though we rejoice in the return in our Church here to true Constitutional Government, it may be as well to tell over again how indispensable the laity are to true Church life The infant cannot be baptised without the lay sponsors It was the ideal of the early Lpis capable to do nothing without consulting presbyteries, deacons and the lay people No Celebrations of Holy Communion can take place without a congregation The priest cannot celebrate by himself and without communicants No one is ordained a Deacon of a Priest or consecrated a Bishop without the assent of the lay people, and the acceptance of the whole church, including lay people, is necessary in order to give conciliar de creed their full ecumenical character and weight." All this is in line with our position. This Synod, with its solemn Legislative powers, consists of three orders, the consent of all being needed, of bishop, clergy, and laity. In this our position is markedly different to that of the church at home. There they plea for the inclusion of the faithful laity into a place of power, and it is the clergy of all parties that are pressing it Here we possess all that the laity could desire And now, looking into the future, speak- ing as one whose words may be read with curiosity by the Church in Tasmania 50 years hence as having expressed an opinion on this question I venture to prophecy that if any of these co- ordinated forces is likely to domineer over the others, and gain undue weight, it is not the bishop nor the clergy, but the last I saw it quite aware of the significance that may be attached to my words, and also in order to reassure the lay people in the Church There is no chance what ever of their loving power, nor at present is there anything whatever to fear from them But if I can gauge the tendencies of the future right, I believe that 50 years hence in the Church in Australia if there is any excessive preponderance of power (and I have no certainty that there will be it will be in the direction that I indicate, because the lay element is the main body of the Church have also thought it well to speak thus, he cause the opinion gives additional weight to my next words We need, in consequence, and shall need more and more an instructed laity, not to be drafted into parties under the instruction of one clergyman who may be a strong party man. but to read broadly and to realise the wide limits of opinion and ritual within the church. I long to see our leading his men take a definite interest in doctrines, and in our history The usual books, for example, which are set for the examinations for candidates for Holy Orders are almost the same in all the cases I wish I could think that lay readers and members of Synod would he "Hal old Browne on the 39 articles " His no light task, nor would you expect it to be so, but it would check narrow ness and teach breadth It is the same with Church History, not merely of the Reformation, as though that were the beginning, but of all the centuries of our life Says Dr Hort, "For the Church non to inquire concerning a way for it self without study of the Way as revealed in its own history would he as though the apostles had stripped themselves of the memories of what they had heard 111 d seen, and looked upon and handled by way of preparation for going forth among the nations" You will realise how 1111 possible it is to legislate on ritual ques SSS?T?6"* 1 more on Fraser matter without a solid background of know ledge Sermons are not good enough Study is needed, There is yet another r point Since the laity have rega el their rightful place in the Church it is not unnatural to ask what is the definition of a man of faith and knowledge and therefore of one fitted to begin lateR And still further, what is a Com- moment' We are loth to define and yet there are good reasons why we should We shrink from the Holy Sacrament becoming a test. But you must also remember that one case of doubtful character excites among some of the most devoted and spiritual clergy a feeling of more than unrest. The) dread lest the Church of God should receive injury. For example, it has been known that a layman has qualified for Synod by communicat- ing for the first time for years on the day Synod met in order to raise some vexatious question. Or, again, is a man of communicant who communicated five or ten years ago for the last time? At present this is a possible definition. Those who possess a solemn status in the Church must qualify) themselves for being men of faith and knowledge and I would rather put on record what I have said before any occasion arises among ourselves which could vex the most sensitive under this head At present it is merely an academic question, and therefore all the main easy to handle The Church can never be in a healthy state without the full and complete co- operation of bishop, clergy), and faithful laity, nor can this threefold force too carefully prepare itself for the preservation, and expansion of the church. What is the exact position of each order is a deep question, which is probably not fully worked out yet, but I will quote for 100 a striking passage given in Archbishop Benson's Life, a pr' ate who fervently desired to restore the laity to their full position in church go vernment -"reserved for the final ministerial malediction are all questions that affect the power of the keys, as left by Christ in His Church. The doctrine is that our Lord left the keys-the general govern- j most of His Church, and special binding and loosing of its members to the Church itself, as represented, however by the men whom the Spirit would raise up with the Church's concurrence to represent its authority These are not the words of some Roman Canonist, but of an authoritative Methodist publication. Jubilee of the Board of Missions -The time approaches when we are to meet in Sydney to re-assert the claim of Christ to universal dominion. On Sunday, August 21, there commences a nine days' conversation to which have been invited delegate form many lands, and a Bishop fro ii Japan has given up other important talks to join us in our councils, and here I earnestly entreat all members of the General Synod elected by the Diocese to look upon this nine days' meeting as in the deepest sense part of the work of the General Synod itself-that Synod following at once upon it I should like to do more than entreat I want to lay the commands of the Church upon our Far and wide we have circulated the fact that this nine days' gathering is much more than an ordinary Missionary Meeting. It is a i attempt to realise in the fullest possible way what is the original and fundamental command of Christ to His Church, and to confess our fault and clear our vision ere we step out of this century. I believe we have been led to this meeting by the hand of God, and may not treat His call to it lightly without inflicting serious injury upon the Church of the future. Consider what it is we are facing. Every Bishop, all the leading clergy and laity, in Australia are called together to meet delegates from other lands to make profession that Christ claims the world as His own, that the Catholic Faith is this that there is only one Saviour of the world, and that these are His times ' Moreover, though we cannot force men to be Christians yet we have to make the "King's Highway" broad and plain through every land, that those who will may use it, that unless we make clear in the plainest possible way that this is the foundation upon which we fear, we shall not be teaching the whole counsel of God," thereby inflicting grievous injury to the flock of God This building of the Highway) in every land is the most difficult work in some parts of it work Only undertaken by the Church of God, whilst others only criticise It involves the transference of allegiance to a new power and altering the character and thoughts of whole races To do this is to work a miracle and it is only possible because we believe in the Holy Ghost " Can you read this brief statement of the found the principles of the Church of God and say that these are convictions which have yet entered into the vitals of our people? j Can you deny) that owing to the pressure of the world and the effect of many voices preaching many doctrines, numbers of our people are unconsciously unfaithful to their Lord in their attitude towards Him ? Is it not true that among our communicants to day are to be found numbers who without meaning to be faithless-hold that the Christian faith is a system of ethics to be compared with other sS toms that our system is well muted to European races, and that other such systems are suitable to other races who should be left to themselves? And if this is so, is it not well that every leading Churchman should meet, ere we proceed to legislate for the last time in our General Synod in this century, to protest against views which dishonour our Lord and Master, and pour contempt upon our foundation truths? We can expect no blessing anywhere as a Church if we deny Christ what is His own, or disbelieve in the power of the Holy Spirit as revealing the Father's Will Let us at least, in this momentous year, living in such wonderful times, get back to our true and only foundation, and start with clearer vision to do the work of God in the twentieth century Too long has the Church, as a whole, kept back from all men the claim of Christ let us make every effort this year to make the truth clear to all men I can imagine churchmen meeting this year under the Primate to inaugurate some movement of practical until it) among churchmen, or to raise some material fabric, as a memento of this dying century But I believe ours is a nobler way It may not appear much to the world outside but it is wisdom of the spiritual kind which looks beneath the surface and sees Christ walking among the golden candlesticks and determines to sit at His feet and learn some deep thing from Him That is the true method of working miracles and blessing mankind I would fain believe that of the two sisters we have chosen Mar) s part is best fitted for these solemn days and we shall look for Mary's blessing M) brethren members of the General Synod of this Diocese, I entreat ) 0 111 the name of God to support me as called to organise this movement in some degree-to Bland beside me in Sydney 111 that no) Service when in the presence of brethren collected from every part of Australia we lining) present our offering to plant the King's High ways in every land and win the blessing given to those who obey with gladness My brethren of the clergy and left), in Synod assembled I bespeak your aid to collect a worth) offering from our people It must be an extra offering not detract ing from any other cause otherwise it would be a fraud and no gift I trust it may be an offering from as many people as possible Were all parishes equally wealth), I should hope for 9-12 from each parish As they are most unequal in wealth, I hope the duty may fall upon each area in proportion to its means I am asking for the observance of Whit Sunday as a direct preparation for the Jubilee meeting General] Synod -Following upon a time of heart searching and of the widest vision it can hardly be doubted that the General Synod will rise above petty aims or a short-sighted policy. There are several forward steps to be taken this year. It is good news that we may hope to see the province of Queensland a reality, with four or five Dioceses under a Metropolitan. The new Diocese of North Australia only awaits the consecration of the first Bishop to be a new factor in our life. The warm thanks of the whole Church are due to the Bishop of North Queensland for his untiring efforts to collect £10,000 as an endowment. A permanent monument to his energy and far-sighted wisdom. The money is in hand, and we must equip their voting Diocese with further means in order to start a great work among whites, and also among unknown numbers of other races. The Missionary Diocese of New Guinea also craves entry into our General Synod. The first steps can at least be taken by an alteration in our Constitution admitting New Guinea to a place among Australian Dioceses Then Queensland may become a Province, and if Queensland, why not Melbourne with its three Dioceses? Surely also with three Metropolitans in existence, it ought not to "be difficult to make the Primacy elec- tive among Metropolitans until such time as Sydney can consent to let other Dioceses have an effective and sufficient voice in the election of the Primate of Australia. Federation may aid UB to form yet a I fourth province, and if the Bishop of Adelaide can frame a scheme to effect this, 1 I am sure Tasmania will give it the most I favourable consideration. I think we I may say that we yearn to be part of a | Province, and bel eve that there can hardly be a more convenient unit. Uko a brigade in an army corps. Again, at our last meeting, in 1896, on attempt was made a committee to draft a scheme embodying the points in which General Synod should act as supreme in authority without reference to the Synod of Dioceses, a first step towards the by no position of the General Synod. I earnestly trust that this work may this year be completed and passed. We shall never have a better opportunity than is presented to us this year for taking a bold step forward in cs publishing the Church more firmly by broad and generous legislation I trust we shall use to the occasion and exhibit an Imperial spirit Our Life as Citizens I make no apology for introducing this subject into an address to Synod We are Christian citizens We live in an age which has developed city life so greatly that it is called the peculiar phenomenon of the age, and the tendency increases. I do not believe it is an evil. God means us to learn by it some deep lesson of brotherhood not to he learnt so well in country life Perhaps it is the advent of the plague into Australia which sets me thinking, and that we are being punished justly for our lack of cleanliness, and therefore of civic responsibility. It may be a solemn warning that the people as a whole can be guilty of murder on a scale vaster than the crimes of any number of individuals, and with worse results than some wars Perhaps we used to think that Parliament opened up a first class career, but civic others needed no such commanding qualities. I am convince 1 that we are mistaken. I believe there is no point more fraught with blessing, or the reverse, for the community, than that of a municipal officer. I beg, my brethren of the clergy, to press this upon the young, and it is easier of attainment than a Pnr liamentary cared, for it involves no ub Bpiico from home, nor expense. Let us press upon those who will live in the 20th century to treat civic work near noble and sacred duty, affording scope for the highest qualities, and where integrity, in dustry and nicol mentality may find a great field for ever use We whose work lies close to the springs of action are called by no uncertain voice to urge on People to cultivate a keener and not a blunder conscience, as we pass from MO mestic to public life Can anyone deny that at present many a man who would not defend his brother has no objection to make secret game out of public money ' If the Church of God has not a mission here I do not know where its mission is, and when we say that though a man of science is a blessing to a community, yet a man of God in a public position is a blessing four times as great, no one can gainsay it, if the goodness be accompanied with business qualities And perhaps our best men will face more frequently than they do the drudgery of details, the contact with uncongenial and rough natures, and the contest with those who live by corruption, if we continue to urge upon them the sacred obligations of civic duties in this age of multiplying cities. I believe no public duty calls for our best men with a clearer voice. May God purge our public bodies, both municipal and Parliamentary, of all dishonest man, and purify the country. The War and Imperial Lessons. - I trust I know what the horrors of war are, but after making every allowance for these no thoughtful man can help thanking God for the blessing which has come to us from the present war. Look back seven months or so, and try to return to the level of our thoughts and mental atmosphere then. Could we do it I believe we should be amazed at the sudden and unique growth we have made in general elevation of thought and in the breadth of our vision. We have entered a newer and a nobler world. The old things are passed away, for ever, I trust. Nor is it wonderful, it 'is our first war, and only indirectly for ourselves. Suddenly we have flashed out into the conception of Empire. Wool and minerals, series and horse racing, we have risen above these, and read a different column in our papers. The cause seems so just to us that we hold that England never engaged in a better cause, both for Billy }' PUV *B80«J 3(3Upl JOy piIU 3}ll(Al growth in manliness and seriousness is a fact we are justified in marking it without being deemed callous to the sufferings of a backward white race, victims of schemers, but possessed of many qualities which we specially value. Ere long our enemies will be our friends, and the permanent elevation of our national life will remain as well. A year ago our highest aspirations were for federation among ourselves. To-day that cause is submerged in the rising tide of far wider aims, and this little colony has begun to think in contingents. The causes which have led to this teach so true a lesson to churchmen that I cannot ask you too earnestly to note them. It has been well pointed out that the Imperial spirit throughout the Empire has been created by" a polic) which fifty years ago seemed to many fatal to any) such results, and indeed to be madness. When the widest possible local freedom was given to England s distant colonies men prophesied that it was a centrifugal force fatal so world-wide Empire We know today that it has been this very policy which has saved the Empire, and created an unit) which has made a profound impression upon other nations, and almost consternation among some The lesson IS capable of application to the Christian Church, and needs to be marked The future unity of the Church of God depends not upon the autocracy in one centre, and refusing the freest autonomy, but upon the freest possible development of National Churches, which, because they are so free, are bent upon being welded together as one, and just as the true colonial policy was characteristically English, so the English Church has adopted the same course, and given UB to-day in Australia Africa, Canada, and elsewhere a presage of wonderful developments in the 20th century The Temper of the Church - We are about to step into this new era now before us, and I should like to de- fine the characteristic temper of the English Church in the coming age First, breadth of sympathy among ourselves, to recognise differences of view with generosity, and to be at peace among ourselves. Nothing is more futile than to preach union with bodies outside until we are at one with our brethren within The first lesson to learn is that we are strong Protestants, not in one direction but in two opposite directions, also that possessing an undying life and having passed through many dangers, we have learnt too much to imperil full reunion with all Christians everywhere by surrendering deep principles of the Church, gaining a transitory advantage, and losing the great prize for ever It is worth quot- ing Archbishop Benson here "The as piration after unity, if it be intelligent is a vast one It cannot limit itself to restoring what is pictured of past outward unity It must take account of Eastern Churches, of non Episcopal reformed Churches and bodies on the Continent (of Europe) at home, and among the multiplying population of the new world as well as of the Christianity of Asia and Africa, under extraordinary varying conditions Thinkers not of the (Anglican) field have boldly foreshadowed the obligation which must lie upon it to wards the divided churches of East and West " With such an ideal, surely it is the only one worth entertaining, it is no wonder that the Archbishop added "The dream of union is simply appreciably and infinitely far off. True Sympathy for others must first be based upon a clear understanding of our own principles as "Pro- testing both ways ' Once this is made clear, and I think it is becoming clearer to our people, I think it is impossible to be too full of courtesy towards those, in whatever direction who preach the Lord Jesus Christ conscientiously, according to their own convictions This ought to be the special attribute of an ancient body like ours, that has no doubt about its own credentials Indeed, it is the hall- mark of Christian refinement to be found exhibiting a sweet and mellow courtesy, to be more forbearing than others, and to make allowances more readily for extravagances or discourtesies I have, indeed, only faint) outline! the character of a gentleman of the old regime with beautiful manners I ask you to consider whether they are not the true characteristics of an ancient Church If it is not by such a temper that we are to make for reunion how else is it to be done' Is it by borshnesB or ill-temper, or jealousy, or contempt, or underhand methods? We have often failed, no doubt, in beautiful manners (and is there any grace of God more fair 2) Let us, from the highest motives, as seeking to commend our Beloved Master to the world, seriously lay to heart this duty Of course, it is a most difficult one, because one of the most baffling per- plexities of life is how to combine Sweet mess with force It requires heavenly aid In these days of undoubtedly increased force, we have also to preserve that sweet reasonableness which captivates all hearts A gentleman possesses self-respect of course, and cannot but defend his rights, and when he does rage it is terrible, but he is very courteous even to those who do not give a due return This is a picture which I pray God to hold up to us in our expanding church life. Or do you ask "What is to be the tem- per of our police First, I rather mis- trust the word "polio," for it smacks at times of scheming Policy too often means crafty, worldly action, which wins at the moment, but never affects the great issue because God rules the world. Or it may win individuals and love cont ments, for time is against it. I should like to be known as the Bishop of a diocese which deals in broad and open principles learnt from the face of God, trusting to time to vindicate its conduct, aiming not at success so much as at God's will One word more upon the mingling of Spice with sweetness. Nothing is sadder in life than the mining of enthusiasms, and nothing is more certain than that they will wane, and leave us dissatisfied unless vic open the windows and hunger after God. Some one has said that men) are working substitutes for the Christian's one ideal for example, 'love of country, of human it of BL deuce, of art, of love of the church But man was never made to rest on any of these The only power which can ever increase the fire as age comes on is devotion to God in Christ That force grows as the body faces, for the best 16 Bill before us and as regards the temper of the Church of God in the future, we put at the root of all the burning devotion for the "Beautiful Shepherd, whom to know, as revealing the Father, is eternal life. Prophecies -I am now about to do a bold thing, to prophesy what may be some of the perils of the Church fifty years hence Those who live then, and care to read these lines, may be amused at the misdirection of her) glances, and laugh at m) blunders, but I shall get my reward if I succeed in making you yourselves think who Bit here to day) I ask, first What is the future peril of a Bishop? I believe that in days to come a bishop, in common with all who are called to load will be more and more tempted to be timid in polio), to be conventional and no more, for fear of crititiBiii. The very complexity of life overpowers the individual. He is frightened to stand alone, and there are so many and of slipping round an obstacle for the sake of peace It is a great temptation to do wrong with the multitude rather than to face the storm by himself. If I am right, then it will remind you that even now it is not likely to be a joy to a leader to say) "No !" when a good many ask for "Yes!" Yet the results of cowardice are terrible to the community, and you must pray) that Bishops will over take up the leader's burden, which consists in trying to see the right after advice taken, and having become convinced, although still doubtful at moments, to do it at all costs. I think all who so act have at times their secret anguish. What if, after all they are wrong. But they must not flinch. The same tendency) in life to grind down individuality to a dead level makes it more likely that in the future a Bishop's power will be lessened rather than increased. But you in list not allow it to be lessened, though YOU cannot help the increase of the impact upon him of irresponsible public opinion, often noisy and ignorant. You must encourage your leaders to be men. What I have said about my own order may aid others, who are called to govern, to realise coming danger, and to stand firm. It is better to make mistakes sometimes than never to make anything. What of the clergy in the 20th century? What will be their perils? I will first instance an actual tendency) in America among ministers of the Gospel, that we may shudder. It is hardly possible to be our tendency. "Ian Maclaren, after a visit to America, describes the up to-date minister thus -"A sharp, little man, with the gift of an impresario, a commercial traveller, and an auctioneer combined, with the slightest flavour of a peripatetic Evangelist Instead of a study, lined with books of grave divinity and classical literature, let him have all office with pigeon-holes for his programmes, circulars, and endless correspondence, and cupboards for huge books, with cuttings from newspapers, and a telephone over tingling, and a set of hand- books " How to make a sermon in thirty minutes," etc. In a church, which does not make the pulpit the central object, we may trust that our withers are not wrung Possibly our danger lies in an opposite direction, namely, in forming ourselves more and more into a separate caste The pressure upon us to do it may be continuous, but the evils from it in the long run are serious. Following upon it is the danger that a gap may form between clergy and laity, the clergy) forging ahead, for example, in ritual too far, though in perfect legality; or, again, not in touch with the same literature, or not intimately conscious of what he) men are thinking of, ministering faithfully, but too exclusively to women and children. The officers must remain with the troops, if the war is to be successful, and there is a practical, and in my opinion, a certain remedy. I have proved it myself in days gone by, namely, to leave a couple of evenings free from meetings of the week, with stern determination, in order to pay pastoral visits, planned beforehand, to meet the men at home, coming with frank and humble courtesy just to know them. And what of the laity? What are the dangers ahead? I think the effect of countless voices commending theories of life and systems of ethics, and forming new combinations more and more eclectic (besides the advocacy of pessimism and ig- norance), will be increasing]) felt Even non for many men their practical belief is in a God somewhere, and a dim future state-the bare skeleton thus put, and little more Christianity a high form of ethics, a good-humoured feeling that it is right to let the clergy believe more than they do themselves, because of their cloth, by the same way, I do not think the tendency will lessen (which I note even now) to accept as the moral standard for the Christian the law of the land, holding it lawful to do, as a Christian, what the law of the nation does not pun- ish, looking upon dogma as a possession of the clergy, harmless if kept in its proper place, and not made the spring of action. The future may refute these prophecies of danger In any case, they can be humbly met in the power of the Spirit I gave it them to you for what they are worth I shall thank God if they are as idle dreams. There is one more problem into which I should like to see but I know not what to say, I should like to peep into 3950 to note the position of women then I have no fears, but I cannot lift the curtain. But I do believe that, though there must be perils to meet, yet those who will live far into the new century will have a noble field The influence of the great men will be more potent than over, both for evil and for good, their effect being world wide, and surely those who believe in the Holy Ghost wish for nothing so much as a great field of action. There are great times coming, and we hope we have done something under God to make them come Mankind has been so absorbed (and naturally is looking down at the immense development of knowledge of the earth and its forces, that it may have forgotten to look up for a while to thank the Giver of all knowledge. The 20th century must re- dress this, and moralise and spiritualist life. What a noble task I For, though the blessings of science can be great a raised standard of character is an incomparably greater blessing Already there is a movement that way. Philosophers, it has been well pointed out, are not often to-day agnostics, even if many men of science still are. Poets like Browning have found their audience at last, because man begins to look upwards again more than be did. Our heart's desire is that the Church of God may find men duly qualified to take the tide at the flood, and lift the world nearer God. I have tried to mark our present position, leaving the future in the hands of Him Who loves the world, Whose children we are, Who has spared no sacrifice to redeem us to Himself Stepping, as we soon shall do out of this century, let it be with a chastened and humbled spirit, because of our errors, and looking forward with a hope not to be quenched to the coming of the Kingdom of God, to the day when His will shall be done as in heaven, so also upon earth. 