(S-ertmm. Preached in St. Peter's Church, Melbourne, on tlie Induction of Rev. E. S. Hughes to the Incumbency of the Parish, by The Very Bev. G. 0. Vance, D.D., Dean of Melboubne, September 27th, 1900. Solomon's Song ii. 4. — ' His banner over me was love. All the joy and confidence of the village maiden in her princely bridegroom find utterance in these words. Seated at the bridal banquet to which he has led her, she sees hanging above her head the royal banner of her spouse, and recognises it for the symbol of the Love that has stooped from on high to protect, adorn, and encompass her.. With that banner over her she is assured of an endless affection, honour, and delight in the life on which she has entered. xne unurcn oi unrist m every age nas rejoiced to see ner own portrait in the Shulamite of this song of songs, her own pride and confidence in her Lord and Saviour's love in the Bride's triumphant cry in the text. Not for the first time is this application given to these words from this pulpit. Many years ago this text was chosen by the Eev. Henry Hewitson Paulet Handfield, either shortly before or shortly after his preferment from the curacy to the incumbency of this parish, to express the sweet trust of the believer in the tender care of his God, the sublime confidence of the Church in the unfailing affection of her Heavenly Bridegroom. That text and what was told me of that sermon — for I did not myself hear it — has remained in -my memory, while much else that belonged to those early days has long passed out of my mind. Later on, when I came to know the man, I learned to understand how those words of the Shulamite expressed the very spring and power of his faithful ministry, and the deepest conviction of his life. That upward look of his to an overshadowing and abiding love gave him, we can see, that boldness for the truth which overcame his diffidence in his own powers; that resolute temper which even in seeming failure would not let him retreat or be disheartened, but made him through all discouragements go on calmly with his work ; that spirit of large and patient charity which has shown us how to differ and not to be divided, how to be wise and yet to tolerate ignorance in others, how to conciliate without compromise, how to be a Churchman without belonging to a party, how to love and venerate the Church of our fathers, not merely because we share its history or subscribe its articles, but because it is a true member of the Body of Christ. From a ministry conceived in that light, and carried on in such a spirit, nothing but benefit and blessing could accrue to the people. For years after the appointment of Mr. Handfield to this charge there was no congregation to be found more attached to their pastor, more attentive to his teaching, more ready to follow him in all good works. During those days again no name was more closely associated than his with all efforts in the diocese for Church extension, for education of the poor, for relief of the distressed, or for the perfecting of diocesan legislation ; nor could any parish be pointed to, out of which had arisen more and more valuable movements for the spiritual well being or for the moral health of the community than from the Parish of St. Peter's. There came a time when the tide of prosperity that had flowed so strongly towards your parish seemed to turn and leave your church stranded and desolate. The fate of so many city churches at home had fallen upon yours. With the migration from town of many old residents of this district, and their settlement with their families in distant suburbs, a change passed on the character of the population— a change detrimental to the influences that had been so powerful before for good; when all the learning, culture, genius of the saintly spirit — the Dean Church of these colonies, as I like to call him — whom you were privileged to have for your minister, all his breadth of intellect, fervour of spirit, eloquence of disoourse failed to arrest the destructive leakage from the congregation that had been so large and flourishing, or to lay hold of the masses that were daily coming into the room of the church attendants who had disappeared. But even then, when the ministry that had begun so well and had accomplished such results seemed to be ending in failure, when in this building that had for 40 years held its crowds of reverent wor shippers only a scanty remnant could be gathered on the first day of the week, it was made plain that whatever adverse winds might blow, the banner of old had not been thrown down or taken away, but that God's love still guarded and blessed this sanctuary and people. Your late vicar, in the providence of God, was moved to associate with him in his charge the clergyman whom we are met this evening to induct by solemn ordinance into the high trust and responsibility of the pastorship of this parish. The wisdom of that step was soon manifested in the revival of church attendances and parochial activities that at once took place. The untiring energy and fresh enthusiasm of the new minister, his success in enlisting the sym pathies of young people of all classes in his work of restoration, his resuscitation of the old parish school that had so long been aban doned, his care for the repair and renewal of the building that had seen its 50 years of service, his interest, not merely official or general, but friendly and personal, in the affairs of his people, the never ceasing occupation which he found for parochial industry and enter prise, under God's blessing did fcr this place what, till then, the eloquence and ability of his elder in office had failed to do : brought back congregations to the building, life and brightness to the services, ; and faithful and zealous workers to every department of church work. He is gone, who for 47 years presided so faithfully over this spiritual community, who sat under that heavenly banner with so much joy and content, and taught you the meaning of the symbol, and the reality and breadth of the love. Who now should lift that banner and fill his place and take up his work ? Who should succeed to the charge of re-constituted parish and re-collected congregations, and no fear be felt lest the newly-recovered worshippers should be a second time dispersed,. and the Church turn again to the slumber out of which it had been aroused ? You had no doubt for a moment unto whom the call should be given. All indeed who had marked the spiritual progress of the parish under Mr. Hughes's ministry had no doubt upon whose shoulders the burden of the succession should be laid. If anywhere doubt or misgiving were expressed, they arose, believe me, out of an honest dread of unfamiliar methods, or a distrust, which we may respect if we cannot share, of that comprehensiveness of doctrine and ribuiu wiiwu i» tue iiuut: uj. uui .a-ugiiuau uuuluu, a. jjaiu ui uui iliiiciiu ance from days of struggle for liberty of conscience, by which Church- j men in these colonies will do well to hold fast. And the lot fell as you would have had it fall. Oh, I ask you to believe that that election by which you profit to-day was neither swayed by party feeling nor determined by party vote ! Do not so j wrong men who discharged a high duty conscientiously in the sight j of God as to regard their decision as a triumph to one section of the | Church, or a defeat to another. Think of it rather with pride in | your minister, as a tribute pure and simple to unique and admirable i work. It was not you nor we, but your minister's work that elected j him. There will always be room for divergences of view as to par ticular, methods in a Church that includes widely distant poles of religious opinion ; but there should be no room at all for differing j estimates of the value of work like his. j It is God's blessing upon work in His service that has now set this j your minister at the head of the congregation with whom he has j already wrought with so much harmony, and to such good purpose, and has placed in his hand the banner of progress, and has laid upon him the obligation to go on manfully with every good work to which he had laid his hand, and upon you to strengthen and encourage him in his zealous labours for God and for this house. In your new relation to one another you and he will be called upon, never doubt it, to stand together as fighters for the truth ; but not against your brethren in the Church. Let there be no hard words or fighting against them, even when they differ from you most, but j against the ungodliness, immorality, and ignorance in the great city at your doors ; against the Mammon worship in business, which is debas ing the national character, and filling souls which should be temples of the Holy Ghost with the din of the cattle market and the cries of the money changers ; against the nature worship which, through art and j literature and philosophy, and the soft and indolent culture of the j day, is bringing in a subtle and unsuspected paganism to contest the j field with Christianity ; against the worship of humanity, which is j inclining men, unconscious it may be of its influence, to set benevo lence above worship, philanthropy above religion, and social progress j above spiritual regeneration. j Against these let not your minister have to contend alone, but fight you ever at his back as good soldiers of Christ — you young men above the rest, who have been his special charge and crown of his |- ministry ; only see that you fight as men who know that the banner j over them, is Love — God's love to you, and therefore your love to j God; your love, too, to all who fight under the same colours — to all, ! however they may rank themselves, though they may say again, 'I , I am of Paul, and I of Apollos.' Whatever they may call themselves, j Christ is not divided — the very flag we fly binds us to love all who ' love the Lord Jesus in sincerity. There is danger, believe me, to which those who, like you, stand conspicuously for one particular side or aspect of Church doctrine or order are exposed— the temptation to exaggerate the value of the points for which you are zealous, and to underrate the importance of the points of which you are- less careful ; to see your own side of the shield with surprising distinctness, but to be blind to legend and emblazonment on the side turned away from you. Whereas those who, while not denying or palliating minor differences, still make more of the grand things which we all have in common, are Churchmen of a truer catholicity of spirit, and are working rather for unity, peace, and charity in the Church of God. I would have you see, dear brethren, in our service to-night an occasion to this congregation for devout thankfulness to God and joy in the Holy Ghost. Ten years ago, as you have heard, one of the wisest, ablest, and most spiritually-minded pastors this colony has ever known could gather here only a handful of worshippers to hear from his lips the truths he understood so profoundly and illustrated so well. Now, in the same place, although the conditions that had emptied and impoverished the Church remain unaltered, we have the building full early and late on the sacred day, and an intense and general interest exhibited in the service. Is there not here matter of rejoicing for Christian people, in the reclamation of so populous a district from apathy to reverence, from neglect of Christ's ordinances to regard for God's house? Is there not ground for rejoicing to your minister that the highest privilege a Christian man can desire, that of preaching to large and listening numbers the word of life, is God's gift to him in this place from week to week ? Oh I if indeed it is the case that goodly numbers who had been estranged from the way have learned of late under this roof to embrace the offer of salvation, and be followers of a crucified Lord ; if, where fishers of men had toiled all night and caught nothing, a great net has been let down for a draught, and inclosed an unhoped for multitude of fishes ; if a powerful influence for truth and purity and right living and spiritual belief has been brought into the lives of the waifs and strays of your neighbourhood, until many that had learned to hate and shun the clergyman as their natural enemy have come to know their minister, not as alien or patron, but as the helper and personal friend of the least and lowest, as one to be in all difficulties and troubles consulted and trusted ; if at the altar at which seven years ago, at the great Christmas Feast, not twenty were found to communicate, you may now at the High Festivals count your communicants by hundreds ; if in all these signs of godly movement and spiritual growth we may see the fruits of God's blessing upon the faithful and diligent labours of His servant whom I present to you to-night as the vicar of this Church and Parish of St. Peter's ; if, finally, in this induction service we have the hope and promise of the continuance of those pious labours and the multiplication of like precious fruits — shall we not indeed give thanks to God, and acknowledge of a truth that His banner over us is Love, and make our prayer to Him not only that Love's best blessings, of peace and joy and charity, may rest on the ministry that, under a new character, makes a fresh beginning this night, but that, while this rooftree lasts, over all ministers and congregations assembled in this house, over all workers and work for God in this parish, over all spiritual enterprises that may proceed from this place — standard of the Christian's warfare, pledge of the Divine favour, earnest of assured success, may ever wave unfurled, undishonoured, undisowned, the Banner that is Love. 