J VISITOR FfiOJll flNOTHER WORLD. : Bjl BflTFDL NIGHTS EXPERIENCE. t would not spend another such a night Though 'twere to buy a world of happy days. Shakespeare. ~-K. Richard III., Act 1, 8c IV. CHAPTER I. gggjyygjS&glTH; pen in hand and a fair wB^SBw page before me, I hesitate. IkUMmWMl Shall I, or rather, can I, SHlMvfiiSK teU thls Btory f ? Not only iSrj|BgM|rw does it touch me closely, vSrvSBvSf l-ut -* shames me. It is terrible : I alone know how terrible. And it is so recent that it seems but last night — no longer. I will tell it. Yes, I will tell it all. What shall I lose by doing bo T A little of the present dread, perhaps, that weighs upon me — nothing more. If anything can relax the tension of my nerves it will surely be the writing down of the naked facts of my night's experience. And then, by degrees, perchance the horrid remembrance will cease to blacken my every dream. Only one living person besides myself knows why silver streaks have so rapidly appeared in my hair. Evelyn Merritt is that one, and she urges me to tell out the ghastly tile. And indeed the world may hear it now, for it can harm nobody. The night was that of the Merritts' ball. Evelyn is an old schoolfellow of mine, who, till the house was burnt down six weeks ago, lived at Ashington Hall, in Derbyshire. Happening to be in the neighbourhood, I was invited this autumn to their annual dance. ' And you must stay the night, dear,' Evelyn had added, 'for goodness knows when we shall break ap.' From my childhood I have loved dancing, and I am as keen on it now as ever. But, sad to say, I have reached an age (thirty next birthday !) when one has sometimes to bear the mortification of seeing oneself shelved in favour of children in their teens, who ought to be in the schoolroom. A woman unused to posing as a wall-flower finds it hideously unpleasant to be com pelled to stand aside. But I have too much spirit to cave in at once and decline invita tions. At some balls, I remind myself, dancing offers come in brisker than in others. And so, always hoping for the beat, I have my hair dressed in a fresh style, choose a younger frock, and try my luck again. That evening, at the Merritts, fortune seemed cruel. Introductions were few, but, that was no disgrace. The sting lay in being coolly overlooked by men whom I knew. Truly I did not feel proud as I stood in a conspicuous place and fingered my programme. How lovely Evelyn looked ! She Is younger than I, and a man's girl every inch. I don t think I was jealous of her, bat I 'yawned behind my fan, and gloomed mourn fully as the room filled — but not my card. The gueit pie was not well proportioned ; there was too little ham for the quantity of veal. Girls were thick, and men scaroe. The sight was a pretty one— it always ii — but when one's feelings are hurt one'* ad miring capacity is reduced. ' Butterflies and black beetles !' I said. ' How on earth can a man be content to be- turned into an exaggerated Sriggim with the front corners cut out, instead of dressing; as they knew how to in the last century ?' I was speaking, for fault of a better listener, to a shy, gawky child-giant — the sort of companion wall-dowers find. Sh& giggled. I sighed and strangled another yawn. This kind of thing was not inspiriting. £ began to wish myself at home, and to make resolves for the future. I had done so once before. Just then a waltz ended, and a stream of flushed girls glided past me, each on her; partner's arm.. Of course, I smiled gaily at those I knew, ai)d glanced at my list with a. c&Bual-air.; Names on it were as scarce as money in a poor-house, but positively I was engaged for the next — provided my partner did me the honour to turn up. , Thank heaven he did. And to spite him, myself, and creation, I danced it right through, and felt better. By the end we were both panting, but I had the joy of walking out with him past a wistful group of. un appropriated maidens. We sat on the stairs, and talked the UBual bosh. Was he going to, the Heatons' fancy Dress T No ; he hadn't the luck to know them. , Had I seen the pantomime 7 Yes ; didn't think much of it. And so on, through the hunting topic and the skating topic, till a distant squeak of musio gave warning of the coming lancers. ( ' Can 1 find your partner for you f ' No, thanks, I hate a square danee. I think I w.on't go back into' the hot room yet. It's far pleasanter here.' He smirked, and shot away. Very likely he saw through my unconventional request. Well, I didn't care. I was tired of my position in the ball-room, labelled ' Left.' ' What I like is to dance, and talk, and be, smiled at. The next three hops were blanks ; it was siokening I If Evelyn noticed it— and she was sure to question me —she would button-bole some unhr'-.y youth. That I could not endure. I wa..j't built that way, Therefore I would not exhibit myself. The stairs ware now practical)/ empty. I would steal up to my room, and, sitting snugly by the fire, forget my age and injuries in the railway novel I had left un finished. No one need ever know ; I might even win the credit of a quiet spoon. A 'mash' is very nice indeed. What do you think t My little room was nearly at the top of the house. On the first flight of stairs I disturbed two brace, on the second, one, and then I supposed I had got clear of fellow creatures. With half -angry relief I whisked round the next corner — to find myself mistaken I My escape was not yet perfect. About five steps further up a young man was leaning against the wall. I rather believe I should have retreated post haste — like the Boers do when they smell General Roberts approaching — had he not sighted me. Our eyes met, and a queer, indescrib able thrill made my very fingers tingle. He was a stranger, however, and I prepared to walk coolly past him. What business hod he to be shirking the ball-room ? There must be a girl in the place. For he was remarkably handsome ; I could see that even in the dim light. Two brilliant eyes shone out of a thin lace with a complexion transparent to delicacy. In the same glance an explanation of his con cealment here occurred to me. Apparently by some error he had donned fancy dress. I could distinguish the long brocaded vest and velvet knee-breeches, the lace frills, and satin coat of the early eighteenth century. The costume was a thousand times more becoming than the ordinary Btudyin black and white. Still, I could well understand the man's bashfulness and hatred of singularity. As I reached him he spoke and bowed. ' Pardon me, madam, I did not think to be discovered here.' His words came slowly and with hesita tion. At once I set him down as a foreigner. ' Nor did I expect to find anyone ! Gentlemen are wanted in the ball-room; aren't you going down ?' ' Madam, I think not.' ' Oh, that's a pity.' I spoke for the sake of speaking, he was gazing so intently into my face. Then I took another step towards my room, but I was not yet to reach it. 'And you, too, Madam, are a deserter f he asked. ' Well, yes,' I acknowledged, and paused. Then I turned again away. ' What, so hasty ? Ah, dear madam, will yon not a little while bear me company ?', I looked at him before replying. He was certainly extremely handsome, and there was a plaintive strain in his low refined voice that attracted me wonderfully. He seemed unable to take his eyes off my face. Since I liked him, what matter that we had not been introduced ? I smiled as I slowly answered — \- All right | I don't mind. We may aa well lit down on the stair in the approved fashion. There's one advantage in this remote spot, no one's likely to want to get above us I' I seated myself while speaking, and looked for him to take his place beside me, but he wasn't having any. 1 Madam, I crave your forgiveness if I stand.' I looked up and laughed. A nice masher, I thought to myself. 'As you choose, of course. But it is awfully embarrassing— worse than in the drawing-room. You tower above me like a guardian angel,' I said. He smiled, but not sweetly. On the con trary there was a gritnness in the expression at that moment that perplexed me. The smile faded, and I was glad. 'It's sinful not to join the dancers,' I babbled out. 'That you've put on fanoy dress is no excuse. Everyone will see at a glance that you got mixed between this and the HeatonB1 of next Thursday. Wasn't that the mistake f ' Yes,' he said, and smiled again. ' Well, then, is that your only reason for hiding up here ?' 'Not altogether. Those many, many years I have not lived in England, and your manner of talking is difficult to me.' ' Ah, I fancied you were a foreigner. But. what does that signify ? People will find you so much the more interesting. And yon speak excellent English, I assure you.' ' Madam, 'it is because in your society I feel at ease. He were a sorry fool who would break away from it. Do yon desire a ball-room? As for me, J am happier here. Happier reading in your face the faith and goodness which I seek and seldom find.' : ? . My cheeks burned. Curiosity and sym pathy blended with my bashfulness. As a rule I flatter myself on being eloquent in small talk, but on this occasion words did not flow. My companion continued — ' Did you but know how I worship faith and goodness, nay, adob* them— it— you I Alas, madam, whioh should I Bay f Until this moment he had sounded far less uncertain of his language than at first, and had he not now added the question, his deep, emphatic earnestness would bare mads me narrow rod uncomfortable. ' Oh, certainly ' them,' I rejoined, stealing another glance at his face. The lustuous eyes were still bent upon me, his skin ap peared paler and clearer, than ever. How could I feel offended with what a man said who looked so ill and seemed so lonely t 'Are you staying near here? I asked quickly, to torn the conversation. . ' Yes, and. yet again, no. My place of abode is not in this vicinity. And my time is not at my own disposal. But what I can I spend in this house, for it is home-like to me. I am, as one might say, a relative of the Merritts. But I do not know them well; it is with other members of the family I have been more familiar, for of late I have visited them little,' he added, with a sigh. A bitter draught from somewhere caught my bare neck and arms. I shivered slightly, and it reminded me of a fresh subject. ' Winter seems to be setting in. I expeot you find our climate miserable.' 1 On the contrary, madam, I find it agree ably refreshing. It iB a change— a great change from the temperature of my— ah, my home. That, I may say, errs on the side of excessive warmth.' ' Whereabouts is it ! I daresay I should enjoy it. I always fancy I should love the Equator.' He started visibly, and an expression I could not read passed over his face. Had he foisted some hidden meaning upon my words? I could have bitten off my silly tongue. I hurried madly en lest he should speak. 1 But no doubt it is trying ; you look rather delicate.' ' I suffer some pain, but there is no disease. And it will not kill me. I am further from dying than I ever was.' He spoke with extraordinary confidence. If with truth his looks belied him. Still, I had heard of the quenchless hope of a phthisical patient and could not feel happy. ' You have been examined by a doctor ?' ' To be candid, madam, I doubt the ability of the faculty to do so. You think I am in a consumption? Not so. I may rather perhaps be compared to a certain famous Burning Bush. Ha, ha ! But I thank you for your gentle anxiety. It is very sweet to me.' His laugh had the strangest effect ; it made me tremble. The tendemoss of the words that followed only partially reassured me. ' I think I ought to go down again now ; it's hardly fair to one's partners to hide here.' 1 Ah, no, no, no !' he cried in the low, vehement tone he had used before. ' Stay, madam, I implore — I beseech you ! Must I say more? If you could but know how much, how very much, I want you to stay. Believe me, I need you. Do I appear to mock when I swear you are more to me than all the world beside ? Is there not a subtle affinity between us ? Was I deceived when I fancied the electrical thrill which throbbed through my being at the sight of you met with a response in your own soul ? Speak, my goddess, speak, I entreat you ! Tell me I am right.' The concentrated passion in his voice awed me ; the suddenness of the appeal staggered and confused me. Bnt my common sense revolted. What did I know of him, or he of me ? Not so much as the name. It was rash, wildly imprudent. And yet— and yet ! He was right. I had felt the subtle affinity of which he spoke. It was absurd, ridiculous I Nevertheless, down in my heart of hearts I knew I already loved' him. His words were unutterably precious to me. But I dared not to agree. I could not contradict. So I kept silence. I let him murmur on the broken, ardent sentences that made my heart beat high and my face glow with a proud shame. Yes, we had loved each other at first sight. ' Preposterous !' cried common sense. ' I know it,' replied my laughing heart. 'Mad fool!' said common sense. 'But happy fool,' rejoined my heart. And throughout that hour this strange, new-found lovor of mine did not offer so much as to touch my hand. Had he done so I would not have resisted, but I loved him all the better for the self-control under lying this abstinence. We talked no more of climate and people. I don't think we talked much at all. But the time slid by, and I only knew I was beside him who had suddenly become closer, dearer to me than ever man before orsinoo. ' ' Sudden ! Oh, yes ; it was very sudden. What of that! Am I the first I All this time the dance was proceeding. The supper passed unheeded by two people at least, who Were sublimely oblivious of such worldly concerns. Who wants supper that has the sweetest thoughts, and looks, and tones, to feed upon ? At length the rustling of many dresses and the high chirr of many women's voices came np to us, and once more time forced itself upon my consciousness. ' The dance must be over,' I cried. ' Guy, dear* (we had got so far), 'I dare not answer you at onoe. Yon say you are spending the night here; so am L Only wait till to-morrow morning for a definite reply. . . Yes, I do care for you, but the question is so great— «o vital. Yon must let me think alone. Leave met lam not asking muoh. Give me a few hours in whioh to realise my own feelings. Good night, dear Guy.' 7 And good night to you, mj heart's queen I* And he had gone, with never a kiss or a hand-press. Trembling, dazed, but withal blissful, I hurried down, to hear Evelyn asking every where what had beoome of me. She flew at me when I appeared. ' . ' ' Ob, you sly puss t You've been sitting, out with a vengeance I Now, : it's no use fibbing to me, for your blushes will own it M fast as you deny ft. It's positively shook ing, but if you have managed to enjoy yourself, that's the chief thing. Nearly au the folk have gone ; as soon as we have packed off the last well away to by- by. Hasn't it been successful? Every one it congratulating us. And though it's I Bays it as shouldn't, the ices were really cold, and the soup was really hot 1' CHAPTER IL I walked upstairs with my arm linked in Evelyn's, trying, but failing, to listen to her gay goBBip. My head was in a whirl. What was real? What was imaginary? Where and who was Guy! If Evelyn would but cease her prattle and speak of him 1 Had nobody missed him ? Was he of so little account ? I felt indignant on his behalf yet I would not mention him. ' . . . and to my knowledge she gave him six dances. No wonder poor old Jim was green !' We had reached my room and Evelyn had thrown herself down into an easy chair. I dropped into an opposite one. ' It's too abominably late to stop up,' she announced, laughing. 'I think we've quizzed everyone now. But, I say, you naughty girl ? ' I interrupted her. I knew what was coming, and I didn't wont it. I desired that she should name Guy herself, and I tried to force it. 'Did all whom you expected turn up, Evelyn?1 ' Yes. At least I didn't miss anybody.' Then Guy must have seen Evelyn and excused himself to her. But why did she not mention him ? Could it be — oh, could it — that she, too, cared for him ? I had fancied her heart was set on another man, but there's no reckoning on girls. Where they are most secret the danger lies. Evelyn chattered on, and I dimly heard of someone looking 'perfectly sweet' in a ravishing eau-de-nil brocade. Then she abruptly exclaimed— 'But you haven't given me a report of your evening. Who had the nerve to monopolise three- fourths of it f ? Never you mind ! ' It's seky,' as the children say. But I've enjoyed myself hugely.' ' How mysterious we are ! I must un earth it somehow. Glad you've had a good time ! Sleep well.' And with a butterfly kiss and a merry laugh Evelyn vanished. She left me no wiser concerning Guy. But after all, why should I want to know more than that he loved me ? The business side ? Bother the business 1 If I am near thirty, my faith and sentiment are not extinct. I was ready to chance the business side. He was honourable. I would have staked my life on that ; and nothing eke mattered. I was not penniless, nor, I felt sure, was he. Yes, I was happy and content — too happy j to sleep. I was ready for bed, had blown I my candle out, and bad combed my hair in the fitful fire-light for a full half hour. Nothing was left in the grate but a layer of glowing cinders. I fidgeted them about with the ' curate ' poker, as I went over and over in my mind my too brief conversation with Guy. ' A good night to you, my heart's queen I* How sweetly those parting words rang in my head. ' Yes, Guy,' I murmured, ' this is indeed a good night to me.' : How silly I Those two embers were not really like Guy's brilliant eyes, but they had conjured up that pale and striking face before me with wonderful vividness. What a face it was I His smile only had jarred upon me as not beautiful, and I declare it held a fasoination in its bitterness. Doubt loss ho had gone through fiery trouble, of which I should hear, and it had left its trace. My poor Guy 1 A cinder dropped on to the hearth and died. I shivered involuntarily, and stirred the coals afresh. But the poker seemed only to kill the fire now, and I laid it aside. I. started. Somebody had entered the room. I felt rather than heard that I was no longer alone. It was with a feeling akin to terror that I turned round, though I know not what I expeoted. Close beside me stood Guy I . He was still, I could faintly perceive, in the ruffles and brocade of a Georgian gallant. My heart leaped into my throat .in the .dull red gloom his face stood out in ghastly pallor. What did he mean by this ? His conduct was exceedingly wrong, and I must show him that I thought' it so. In trembling amazement I arose, blushing painfully. ' Leave this room at onoe,' I oommanded j 'you have no business whatever to oome here, and you must be aware of it. Had I conceived it possible ? ' ' Ah, hut you did not know me, seraphto one. I forgive you ere you ask it. Come, seat yourself and talk with me again as you did erstwhile. How could I absent myself from you wheu I love ? ' With an ?Sort I had regarded my speech. The bellrope hung by the bedside. I advanced towards it. His figure mered betwesa me and the fir*. AND THBOtJGH IT I SAW THE RED^OOALS t All in an instant I realised that it was no man. With a oonvulsion of .horror I clutched the bellpnU (n my shaking hand. But It ;was before me. 'leaw ;^e long white fingers touch the rope above my head as if It, too, would ring. Immediately the cord broke, and I found but the end and tassel in my grasp. I fell back with an attempt to shriek, but for a minute two gleaming orbs seemed to paralyse me. ' What a misfortune I We cannot sound an alarm. But at least let us make the best of it.' I rushed to the door with a screaming sob. But that terrible hand had rested on the handle before I could reach it. It was instantly withdrawn, but when I touched the knob it tumbled on the floor. Shuddering and helpless I sank to the ground. The figure stood over me, and I believed my last hour had come. Could it be that I had loved this loathly thing ? In exceeding terror and hatred I sought to cover my face with my hands. And I could not. Those glittering eyes were burning their way into my bouI. And they held me. Slowly the figure bent down over me. I could not Btir a finger. Then it kissed me on the lips ; and it was as if a red-hot iron were pressed upon them — or an icicle, I know not which. I prepared to die. In capable of utterance, with a final mighty effort I traced with my finger the Sign of the Cross. There was a hellish groan, indescribable in the intensity of its horror. That was all. . . The awful It had gone, and I was alone — a prisoner. A dizziness seized me and I all but fainted. Then slowly, silently, the door swung open on its own accord. Fresh terror spurred me to action, and lent me strength and speed. I fled from the room and along the dark dcBertcd passages, not knowing whither 1 went. Suddenly I ran up against a belated maid servant with a candle. Before she could go into hysterics I inquired sharply for Evelyn's room. She pointed it out to me. I burst in. Evelyn was asleep. I flung myself beside her and clung to her, sobbing and crying like a child. It was a long while before I was able to tell her in broken snatches what I had gone through. She wrapped her arms around me, kissed me, and held me tight. But she said not a word. A horrid dread flashed across me. 'Evelyn, say you believe me. If you think me mad, I shall become so — or die.' ' My poor darling, believe you ? Of course I do. Have I not reason to ?' she muttered under her breath. I sprang up. ' Why, Evelyn, have you seen him— It ? Who — what is he ? If you love me, tell me everything.' ' Will you not wait until to-morrow ?' 'Oh, no, no. Tell me now. I feel I must know all. Sleep? I think I shall never sleep again. Only keep tight hold of me. Thank heaven you are flesh and blood, Evelyn !' There was silence for a minute. Then she spoke, slowly but steadily. ' It is the ghost of Guy Merritt. I have i never seen him, but others have. They say I he is the curse of our family, but of late the appearances have been so rare that the tale bid fair to become a mere legend. He is an ancestor of ours who lived in George L's reign, and was so bad a man folk called him ? The Devil's Squire.' ' 'How do you mean? A murderer! A robber f ' Yes, for he robbed girls' souls of faith and slew their purity. He left behind him many a shameful monument. When only thirty he died in the midst of his debauchery. Tradition says he possessed a strange, irre sistible fascination ? ' I clutched Evelyn tighter, and my teeth chattered as she said these words. Noticing it, she hastened on — 'Well, that is all. With his dying breath he boasted of his impenitence, ana passed away claiming the devil as his liege lord. Since that day his wioked spirit, clothed as of old, has from time to time haunted this house, as if seeking — oh, my dear I — to 'drag others after him.' . Slowly the daylight crept in, and found us quivering in each other's grasp— I, haggard and deathlike, with a large white blister upon my lip. This, a door knob, and a yard of bellrope, were the sole traces of my hellish, visitant. But the horror of that awful night is upon :me still. ,' . .? El WAS A ST&AHOBB;, HoWTOBft, Ai.D 1 PBEPARED To WALE COOLtY FAST HIM. 