ADAMSTOWN. LA~ING OF THIE FOUNDATION STONE OF THE ROMAN CATHOLIOC CHURCo . The foundation stone of a n.,w brick R.O. Church for Adamatown was laid yesterday by the Right Rev. Dr Dwyer, Coadjutor Bishop of lMaitlend, after moos, which was oslobrated by the Rev. Father Murphy, of Burwood, in the locr.1 Carington Htall. There was a lhrge gathering of people at the ceremony. The children of the school marched up and in small donations placed £5 on the stone. Other contributions brought the total to £20. Up to date a total of £335 has been received towards the building, which is estimate.d to cost £427. The neow church will bo 50 x 30ft. and the contractor for the work is Mr. E. Bartley, of Ramilton, Mr. F. B. Moenkens being the architect. The foundation stone was presented by Mr. 0. P. Lock. In the cavity of the stone was placed the fol lowing words, written on parchment: 'In the name of the Father. and of the Pon, and of the Holy Ghost: This founda tion stone of a church to bh built to the honour of Almighty God, under the invoca tion of St. Columkil Abbot, was bleosed and. laid by the Right Rev. Patrick Vincent Dwyer, Titular Bishop of Zosra, and Coadjutor to the BiEshop of this diocese ofe Maitland, the Right Rev. James Mlurray, D.D, on the 15th July, in the year of our Lord ene thousand nine hundred, in the pon- tificate of Pope Leo. XIII, and the reign ofN Queen Victoria, Barl Beauohnmp being Go-. vornor of Now South Walee. William Court, Mayor of Adamstawn, the Rev. Patrick Murphy, rector of this pari.h of Burwood. inc the presence of a large gathering of the faithful and of the school children, all of. whore contributed liberally towards the build ing of the churbch." bhe Bishop thanked the people for the way m which they had responded to the call made upon them. He referred to the origin and. growth of the Catholin Church, and made a kindly and ,sympa hetie reference to the. fatality to the boy Hill, who lost his life bye the destruction of the old wooden building on the occasion of the fearful cyclone on 7tL November last. He stated that the now building wouldbe used as a church and as a school. The Very Rev. J. O'Donohoe was.present at the erremony. SThe membess of the Rosebud Lodge, I.O.G.T., held a social on Friiay night ast the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Dingle, the ocoasion being a farewell to Miss White and Miss Glover on the eve of their departures for Sydney. The ovening was sponr. in games, songs, &e.; An exeelent supper was par taken of at I1.:O. the O C.T., Mr T. W. Tef freys, taking the hbead of the table aend Miss. White the faot. Iood withus and the usual compliments were passed to both young ladies, and gratefully acknowledged by them. The rematinde of the time was passed in games and singirg. Praiso swas ivoen Mr. and M irs. Dingle end Mr and Mrs. Grey for their entertainment of the company. Mr. Charles Algernon oreing, St. Inst. C.E., F.G.S., who had held the position of vice-president rf the Institute of Itining and 'Metallurgy, Great Britain, for four consecutive years, was at the last annual meeting of the . nstitute unanimously elected president. Mr. Morolng is a na tive of AustralIa, having been born at Brald~wood (N.S.W.). Printd and published or the proprietors WILLIAM MORRIISS, at ths ofice ot thb Nwcantle Morning Heracld anSl Stnera Aduescate," Bollen- st., Nswcasle, . 