The Shadow of a Man 1 AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. ? By E» W. fJornung, Aatbcr ot 'Young Blood/' 'My Lord Duke,' &c.; KEOOAL ftKMAL EIGHTS SECURED BY THE . '.'SUNDAY TIMES' FEOU WARD, LOCKE AND CXX, ; r: LIJUfETED.) CHAPTER XL i(-^miHnued.)— BBTOTJNE ' T.'BEt^ftUNE.. ? ?' It was Moya'Jat'-fier- sweeitest,: with the moon all over herJ She wondered at the (time bow- she forced- tliat smile; ? but it gained her point. ? ? 'Very well,' he sighed; 'your blood: ? ' I shant lose one . drop,' s^d Moya, brightly. 'And no more questions' Y' 'Of course not.' "And no tellings ?' 'Miss Bethune !' 'Forgive me,' said Moya. 'I'm more than satisfied. And you're — the — dearest young man in the bush, Mr. Ives !' The jackeroo swept his wideawake to the earth. 'And you're the- greatest girl in. the world, though I were to be drawn... and quartered for saying so !' _ ; . Moya returned to the house with pensive gait. She was not overwhelmed- with a (present sense of her alleged greatness. On the contrary, she had seldom- felt, so small and petty. But she could make amends; at all events she. would try. Horse- yard and house were not very far apart, but some of the lesser buildings in tervened, and Moya had been too full of Iher own sudden ideas to lend an ear to any or aught but Ives and his replies. So she ?had missed a. word or two which it was just as well for her to miss, and more even than a word. She did notice, however, that Mr. -Spicer turned his back as she passed !him id tlje verandah. And she found Theodore dabbing his knuckles in his bed room. 'What's, the matter'? What have you fione J' ' 'Oh, nothing.' But tone and look alike betokened some new achievement; they were self-satisfied even for Bethune of the Hall. . 'Tell me,' demanded Moya. 'Well, if you want to- know, I've been teaching one of your back-blockers (yours mo more, praises be) a bit of a lesson. Our friend, Spicer. Very offensive to me all day; seemed to think I was inspiring the police. Just now he surpassed himself; wanted me to take off my coat and go behind the pines; in other words, to .figlit!' 'And wouldn't you ?' \ 'Not exactly. Take of? my coat to him !' 'So .what did you do ?'' 'Knocked him down as I stood.' 'You didn't !'?' ' 'Very well. Ask Mr. Spicer. I'm sorry for the' chap; Jie me'ant wel'l; and I admire his pluck ?' 'What 'did lie do ?' \- 'Got' up and went for me bald-headed.' ?'And you knocked . him down again ?' 'No,' said Theodore; 'that time I knocked him out.' \- And he took a cigarette from his silver case, while Moya regarded him with almost as much 'admiration as disgust, and more of surprise than of either. 'I' d'idn't know this was one of your ac complishments,' said she, at length. 'Aha !' puffed Theodore; 'nor was it, once upon a time. But there's a certain old prize-fighter' at a place called Trump ington, and he taught me the most useful thing I learnt at Cambridge. The poetic justice of it is that I 'read' w5'th him, so to speak, with a view to these very bush bullies and up-country larrikins. They're too free with their tongue when they're in a good temper, and with their fists when they're not. I suffered from them in eiarly youth, Moya, but I don't fancy I shall suffer any more.' 'Moya was not so sure.- She caught her self matching Theodore and another in her ?mirvfl,: and was not ashamed of the side she took. ^ It made no 'difference to her own quarrel with the imaginary champion ; ?nothing could or shoul-l alter that. But perhaps she had 'been ungenerous. He seemed, to think so. She would show him she; w|ls neither ungenerous, nor a coward, Ibeftire; 'she was. done. And after that the. deluge.'' . Hereabouts she caught Theodore watch ing-her,.a penny for her thoughts in either eye. in .-an rastant she had ceased being disingenuous with herself, and was hating Siim heartily ior having triumphed over an. adherent of Rigden, however mistaken'.; in another, she was sharing that adherent's suspicions ; in a third, expressing them. 'I'Tiave no aoubt Mr. Spicer was quite right' 'In accusing me of inspiring 'the police?' 'You suspected the truth last night. CVh, I saw through all tha't ; we won't discuss it. But why should not you keep your sus picions to yourself ?' Bethune blew a delicate cloud. 'One or two absurd little reasons; be cause I was staying in his house ; because you were engaged to him ; beca.use, in spite of- all temptations, one does one's poor best to remain a gentleman, oi sorts. 'Then why did you go with the police man ?' 'To see what happened. I don't honestly remember making a single comment, much less the least suggestion ; if I did it was involuntary, for I went upon the clear understanding with myself that I must say nothing, whatever I might think. I was a mere spectator — immensely interested — fas- cinated, in fact — but as close as wax, if you'll believe me.' Moya did believe him. She knew the family faults ; they were bounded by the family virtues, and double-dealing was not ?within the pale. Aijd Moya felt interested herself ; she wished to hear on what pre text Rigden had been arrested ; she had already heard that it was ^lender. '-'Tell me what happened ?' Theodore was nothing loth ; indeed his day in the bush had been better than Moya's, more exciting and unusual, yet 'every whit 'as typical in its way. Spicer had *-3d them straight to the clay-pans where ?Rigden had struck his alleged trail, and ?there sure enough they had found it 'I confess I could see nothing myself .?when the tracker first got off ; but half a glance was enough for him ; and on he went like a bloodhound, with his black muzzle close to the ground, the rest of us keeping a bit behind and well on one side. Pre sently, there's a footprint J can see for imyself, then more that I simply couldn't, then another plain one ; and this time Billy they're all called Billy ! — simply jumped ?with Joy. At least I thought it was with joy, till I saw him pointing from his own imarks to the others, and- shaking his black ttiead. Both prints were about the same depth. ' 'Him stamp,' rays Billy. *W-hat for him ^taaaip ?' ? ' 'But we pushed on and came to some soft grooind where any white foot couid have run dawn' the tracks; and presently they brought us to' a fence, which we cross ed by strapping down the wires and lead ing our horses over, but not where Rigden had led ibis. -Well, we lost the tracks even tually where Rigden said he'd lost them, at what they're pleased to call a 'tank' in these parts; the black fellow went rouni and round the waterhole, but devil another footmark could wo find. So then w© went back on the tracks -we had found. And presently there's a big yabber-yabber on the part-. of William, ;'who waddles about on the sides of his feet'.to show his. bosses what he means, amd turns in his toes like a elofwn. 'Well, I asked the sergeant what it was all about; but he wouldn't tell me. And it was - then that this fellow Spicer began to [play the. fool; he bad smelt the rat him self, I suippose. He made a still greater asa of himself at the fence, where the blackfellow messed about a long time over Rigden's marks when he got back there. After that we all came marching home, or riding hell- to-, leather. And the fun b&ckme; fast and furi ous;. so. to speak, of course.; for I needn t tell you it -was no fun for me, Moya !' 'Quite sure ? Well, never mind; go on.' 'There was no end of a row. Harkness and myrmidons entered the barracks, and Spicer ordered them out. They insisted on searching Ridgen's room. Spicer swora they shouldn't, and appe'aled to me. What could I do, a mere visitor ? I remon strated, advised them to wait, and so forth; further resistance would have been arrant folly ; yet that madman, Spicer, was for holding the fort with the station ord nance !' 'Go on,' said Moya again: she had open ed her lips to say something else; but the obvious soundness of Theodore's position came home to her in time. 'Well, the long amd short of it is that the sergeant came to me on the verandah with the very pair of boots with which the tracks had been made; a heel was off one of them; they were too small for Rigden, ?irrtf -wdrp f rm n rl hidden away- in his room. The astounding thing is th'alt the blackfellow had spatted that the tracks were not made by the man to whom the boots belonged. He had turned in his toes and walked on the outside of his feet, it wasn't so with the trail they followed up to these pines yesterday; and diamond had cut diamond about as smartly as you could wish to see it done ! It was 'cut© of Ridge-n to run alongside Ms horse, an-d make it lock as though he were riding alongside the trail; but the wily savage wept one better, and I'm afraid the result will be devilish unpleasant !' , There was no fear, however, in the clean cut and clean-shaven face, nor did Theo dore's tone suggest any possible unplea santness to him or his. Moya could have told -'rn so in a manner worthy of him self, but again she showed some selfre straint, and was content to thank him briefly for putting her in possession of all the facts. 'Ah !' said Theodore, 'I only wish 1 could do that ! You talked a little while ago about my suspecting the truth; well, I give -you my word that I haven't even yet the ghost of an idea as to what the real truth can be.' 'You mean as to motive ?' 'Exactly ! Why on earth should he risk his all to save the skin of a runaway con vict ? What can that convict bo to him, Moya ? Or is it merely misplaced, chuckle-headed chivalry ?' 'What should you say ?' asked Moya, quietly. 'I'll tell you frankly,' said Theodore at once, 'as things were I should have hesi tated, but as things are there's no reason why I shouldn't say what I think. It's evidently some relation; a man only does that sort of thing for his flesh and blood. Now do you happen to remember when this— I mean to say that— engagement was more or less in the air, that some of us rather wanted to know who his father was ? Not that ? ' 'I know,' Moya interrupted; 'I am not likely to forget it. So that's what you think, is it ?' 'I do; by Jove I do ! Wouldn't you say yourself ? ' 'No, I wouldn't; and no more need you ! What are your ideas, by the way, if this is not the ghost of one ? I congratulate you upon it from that point of view, if from no other !' Theodore stuck a fresh cigarette between his lips, and struck the match with con siderable vigor. It is not pleasant to be hoisted with one's own petard, or even scathed in one's own peculiar tone of of fence. 'i simply wanted to spare your feelings, my dear girl,' was the rejoinder, the last three words being thrown in for the special irritation of Moya. 'Not that I see how it can matter now.' The special irritant ceased to gall. 'Now !' echoed Moya. 'What do you mean by now ?' 'Why, the whole thing's off, of course !' 'What whole thing ?' 'Your engagement, of course.' 'Oh, is it ! Thanks for the news; it's the first I've heard of it.' 'Then it won't be the last ! You're not going to marry a convict's son, or a con vict either; and this fellow promises to be both.' 'I shall marry exactly whom I like,' said Moya, trembling. j 'Don't flatter yourself ! You may say so out of bravado, but you're the last person to make a public spectacle of yourself; especially when — well, you know, te put it brutally, this is pretty well bound to ruin him, whatever else it does or doesn't ! Be sides. you don't like him any more; you've stopped even thinking you do. Do you sup pose I've got no eyes ?' 'Theodore,' said Moya in a low voice, 'if I were your wife I'd murder you !' 'Oh, no, you wouldn't; and meanwhile don't talk greater rot than you can help, Moya. Believe me, it isn't either the time or the place. We must get out of the place, by the way, first thing to-morrow. I see you're still wearing his ring. The sooner you take that off and give it to me to re turn to him the 'better. 'It will come to that,' said Moya's heart; 'but -not through Theodore; no, thank you !' 'It dhall never come to it at all !' replied her heart of hearts. And her lips echoed the 'Never !' as she marched to the door. Theodore had his foot against it in time. 'Now listen to me ! No, you're not go ing till you listen to reason and me ! You may call me a brute till you're black in the face. I don't mind being one for your own good. This thing's coming to an end; In fact, it's come; it ought never to have be gun, but I tell you it's over. The family were always agreed about it, and I'm prac tically the head of the family; at all events, I'm acting head up here, and I tell you this thing's over whether you like it or not But you like it. What's the good of pre tending you don't ? But whether you do or you don't you shall never ma,rry the fel low ! Arfd now you know it you may go if you like. Only do for God's sake be ready in the morning like the sane woman you always used to be.' Moya did not move an inch towards the opened door. Her tears were dry; fires leapt in their stead. 'Is that all ?' 'Unless you wish me to say more. 'What a fool you are, Theodore !' 'I'm afraid I distrust expert evidence.' 'With all your wits you don't know the first thing about women !' 'You mean that you require driving, like Paddy's pig ? Oh, no you don't, Moya; go and sleep upon it' It was 'one burst of all she felt, but only 'I'm afraid you won't,' said Theodore, with some humanity. 'Still it's better to lose a night thinking things over, calmly and surely, as you're very capable of doing, than to go another day with that ring upon your finger.' . ... Moya stared at him with eyes in which the fires were quenched, but not by tears. She looked dazed. 'Do- put your mind to it — your own sane onind !' her brother pleaded, with more of wisdom than he had shown with her y 'And— I don't want to be hard— I ne^e^ meant to be hard about this again but God help you now to the only proper and sensible decision !' . - _ So was he beginning to send his juries about their vital business ; and, after au, Moya went to hers with as much docility as the twelve good men and true. Theodore was right about one thing. She must put her mind to it once and forever. CHAPTER XII.— AN ESCAPADE. She put her mind to it with characteristic thoroughness and honesty. Let there be no mistake about Moya Bethune. She had faults of temper, and faults of tempera ment, and as many miscellaneous faults as she was quick to find in others ; but this did not retard her from seeing them in herself. She was a little spoilt ; it is the almost inevitable defect of the popular qualities. Shs had a good conceit of her self, and a haughty tongue; she could not have belonged to that branch of the Be thunes and quite escaped either. On the other hand, she was not without their car dinal merits. There was, indeed, a brutal honesty in the breed ; in Moya ic became a singular sincerity, not- always pieasing to her friends, but counterbalanced by the brightness and charm of her personality. She 'was incapable of deceiving another; in finitely rarer, she was equally incapable ot deceiving herself ; and could consider most things from more standpoints than are ac cessible to most women, always provided that she kept that cornerstone of all sane judgment, her temper. She had lost it with Rigden, and lost it with Theodore, and' waa in a pretty bad temper with herself to boot. But that is a minor matter ; it does not drive the blood to the brain ; it need not obscure every point of view but one. And there were but two worthy of Moya's con sideration. There was her own point of view, and there was Rigden's. Moya took first in nings ; she was the woman, after all. ; She . began with the beginning of this visit — fhis visit that the almanac pretended was but fifty hours old after all these days and nights ! Well, to believe it, and go back to the first night ; they had been happy enough then, still happier next day, happiest of all in the afternoon. Moya could see the shadows and feel the heat, and hear Rigden wondering whether she would ever care for the place, and her own light-hearted replies ; but there she check ed herself, and passed over the memorable end of that now memorable conversation, and took the next phase in due order. Of course she had been angry ; anybody of any spirit, similarly placed, would have resented being deserted by the hour to gether for the first wayfarer. And the lie made it worse ; and the refusal to explain matters made the lie incalculably worse. He had put her in an abominable position, professing to love her all the time. How could she believe in such love ? Love ana trust' were inseparable in her mind. Yet he had not trusted her for a moment ; even when she stooped to tell a lie herself, to save him, even then he could not take her into his confidence. It was the least he could, have done after that, the very least that she had cared. Most of . the next day — to-day.! — even Moya shirked. Why had it laid such a hold ; upon her — 'the bush — the .bush life — the j whole thing ? Was it the mere' infection of | a real enthusiasm? Or was it but the j meretricious glamor of the foregone, and ! would the . fascination have been as great ' if all had still been well ? Moya aban doned these points ; they formed a side issue after all. Her mind jumped to the final explanation, and found it still ringing in her ears. It was immeasurably worse than all the rest, in essence, in significance, in result. The result mattered least ; there was little weakness in Moya ; she would have snapped her fingers at the world for the man she loved. But how could she forgive his first deceit, his want of trust in her to the end ? And how couid she think i for another moment of marrying a rnqn whom she could not possibly forgive ? She did not think of it. She relinquished her own point of view. She tried with all her honesty to put herself in his place in stead. It was not very difficult. .The poverty-, stricken childhood (so different from her own !) with its terrible secret, its ever hidden disgrace ; small . wonder if it .had become second nature to him to hide it ! Then there was the mother. Moya had al ways loved him for the tone of his lightest reference to his mother. She thought now of the irreparable loss of that mother's death, and fell, how she herself had sworn in her heart to repair it She thought oZ ?their meeting, his sunburnt face, the new atmosphere ho brought with him, their im mediate engagement. The beginning had come almost as quickly as the end ! Then Moya darkened. She remembered how her I people had tried to treat him, and how I simply and sturdily he had borne himself i among them. Whereas, if he had told them i all— ah ! but he might have told her ! I Yet she wondered. The father was as! good as dead, was literally dead to the I world ; partly for his sake, perhaps, the i secret had been kept so jealously all- these years by mother and son. M®ya still thought that an exception should have been made in her case. But, on mature reflec tion, she was no longer . absolutely and finally convinced of this. And the mere shadow of a doubt upon the point was her first comfort in all these hours. But all this was the inner aspect ; the outward and visible was grave enough. It was one thing to be true to a prisoner 'and a prisoner's son, but another thing to re- 1 main engaged to him. Moya was no hand at secrets. And now She hated them. So her mind was made up on one point. If ! she forgave him, then no power should .make her give him up, and she would wear |his ring before all her world, though it ' were the ring of a prisoner in Pentridge Stockade. But she knew what that would mean, and a brief spell of too vivid fore sight, which followed, cannot be said to have improved Rigden's chances of for giveness. . (To be Continued.) 