Murderers. At Swain's, which was rceonlty robbed, the Governors hnd a shave, mid took Hie Yuzor and a new four guinea black suit of clothes. They rtittde A mixture of some oatmeal, flour, plums, currants, mustard, salt, .etc., ilito a paste, which they mixed up on 'the floor, and left it, putting dirty clothes in the flour hag. It appears that the blacks got a quantity of sago, a little flour and a small pieoe of meat from M'Coy's. Two men who had left their rifles a few' yards away hid behind % log wlteu they saw the Governors and let them pass quietlv. The Governors, after leaving Swain's place, on 3rd inst., apparently moved leisurely during Tuesday, and at 12.30 bn Wednesday came, to the catnp of two fencers named W. Woodley and R. Lord, situated among the ranges, about fourteen miles from Nundlc, above Crawney Puss. The fencer were having their dinner at the time, and saw the blucks coming. When within 50 yards they called upon the fencers to surrender, to throw up their hands and leave the fire. The fencers obeyed. The outlaws then cniue to the fire, and discovering no firearms - told the fencers ,to rutui i>. Lord then invited the outlaws to have dinner, the invitation being accepted. In conver sation, the blacks said they would not shoot anybody other than those curry ing firearms, but. would shoot anybody they believed to he in pursuit of thcut During the progress of the dinner Lord heard horsemen coining up the mountain. The murderers did not hear their approach Until they were within about 40 yards. Jimmy Gover nor, on hearing them, sprang up, cry ing, " Holy Ghost !" seized his rifle, and sprang behind a tree, followed by Joe. Tim blacks then fired upon the advancing whites, five in number, in cluding J. Heynian, W. Devine, J. Schofield and A. Rohson, all civilians. These men were not aware of the presence of blucks until hearing shot fired, when they all jumped from their horses, and prepared to return the tire, all being armed with riflt-s. However, us soon as the outlaws had delivered their first volley from behind a large tree, they bounded oil' down the hill in the opposite direction, leaving all their provisions, quart pots, coats, blankets, nnd everything they possessed, excepting the rifles and ammunition. As they disappeared past the fencers, they called out to them, " You can have aII we are leaving behind ; good bye." They then bounded down the side of the hill, the fencers say, like wallabies, striding loft to 18ft per stride. In the meantime the surprised civilians were waiting for the outlaws to show out, aad were not aware of their flight till the fencers informed them. They then tired several shots, but could get no reply from the other kptiFHUATC., ul w'nniut " " two iniles. They tlienne«c"v back down hill, and tired several other shots, and within ha!f-an-hour the Queens land trackers came up, and were taken to the fencers' camp, They took up the tracks, which followed down one spur about a mile, and then doubled back within 200 yards of the fencers' camp on another spur, where the Governors had evidently watched tho police and trackers go down the hill, and then made off in another direction. On Wednesday morning the pursuers oame on the camp of the fugitives, where they had shot a sheep, part of which they had cooked and eaten. The fugitives were seen on Friday morning, last week, at a place called Wet Creek, near Hanging Rock, by a man named Condon, who was with Sergeant Gamble's party. The blacks, ns usual, successfully disappeared. The blacks on Friday looted the house of Mr. M'Coy, which is almost within the town of Nundle. People were watching for them some distance from llie town, never expecting that they would venture so near. The blacks were seen near Mr. Campbell's Glen Rock Station, at mid day on Sunday. They robbed Mr. Mychael, junr's hut of provisions, were carrying rifles only, nnd were wearing black suils. They liad evi dently smeared their faces over with something as they were blnck and shiney, quite as black as a full-blooded aboriginal. Tliey were making for Tomnla Tops, wliioh is at the head of the Paterson River, the direction be ing therefore south-east. A Mailman Stuck Up. News readied here on Monday night that the Governors had stuck-up the Glen Rock mailman, on the Hanging Rock to Glen Rock-road, on Sunday afternoon, hut did not succeed in get ting anything. The outlaws afterwards stuck-up and robbed a house on the selection of William Mitchell, two miles south-east of Glen Rock, nt 4.30 on Sunday after noon. They were barefooted, and carried rifles. They only succeeded in | getting bread and butter at Mitchell's. : Oil Monday the outlaws went to Toiiinlla Station, nnd nobody being nt home at the time they broke into the house and secured provisions, leaving a porcupine's claw nailed to the table as a memento. Before leaving Tomalla they securely fastened all the gates with fencing wire. On Tuesday after noon about 2 o'clock a youth nauieJ Philip Johnston was working in a garden at a homestead, about two miles cast of Moornui Brook, when lie w as startler! by suddenly noticing the presence of two blacks, who introduced , themselves as Jim and Joe Governor, j They said that I hey wanted food, which j was given them, and consisted of flour, j moat, tea, and suz.-ir. The outlaws j then told young Johnston to proceed 1 quickly to Moonau Brook and tell the I police of I heir presence They also! told Johnston tli.it they bail left a let- her, and directed iinn wlrece to And it ; but the boy iiowloigetsthe directions, owing to the fright he received at the time. When thpGovernors left John ston reported to a number, of police. who happened to be at Moonan Brook. After a great deal of delay, the police went oat, but the outlaw's , had de camped. A Policeman Covered. On Wednesday.. Gonstable Skinner, who ivus sent a message, was out alone. When two miles north of Stewart's Brook, he eucounted the outlaws in Rocky Gully. They covered him with their rifles, and inoved gradually back wards, till they got out of range. Tliey were travelling north towards Mouut Royal, and the head of. the Paterson River. The police went in hot pursuit. It was 10 o'clock when the fugitives were seen by Constable Skinner. Tlig country In 'which tho outlaws nre is Very rough, and affords good cover. It is very probable that they will, wheel, south-west ' and west towards .Wollarns the country ill that direction is suitable for hiding. 