Draught horses are realising sensational prices in the South Island of| New Zealand at the present time. At Messrs. Wright, Stephenson, and Co's sale at Dunedin early in the month £60 was païd for a six-year- old gelding; whilst-£658 apiece was the figure reached for the others, six, and seven years old respectively. An aged mare brought £52 10s., whilst an unbroken rising three year old realised £50. The man who discovered prussic acid was killed instantly by inhaling one whiff of his own handiwork. Pure prussic acid is never sold or handled. It kills not in three minutes or half an hour, but the instant it enters the lungs as a gas. The mixture ordinarily sold as prussic acid is 98 parts water to two parts of the drug. Even in this form it is very deadly. A 20 per cent mixture of the acid would kill nearly quickly as if pure. "Women figure prominently in the pub- life of America we know, but it is quite news to hear of one us a coroner. This position has, however, been attained by Miss Lilian E. Hall, who has recently been appointed coroner of Cowley County, Kan- sas, by Governor Stanley. The work is not altogether new to her. For the last three years she has been the official sten0- grapher of the coroner, and has studied the duties of the office. She has no dread of the duties of the place, and declares the work is quite within her powers, even though she is only 26 years old. A cricket writer relates the origin of the term,'the hat trick; He says: "It was simple in the extreme. and began, I be- lieve, in and about the time when Lord Beauclerk flourished, namely, from-1791 to 1825, his Lordship being for upwards of 30 years one of the greatest exponents of the art of batting, and also a very successful bowler. Informer days, say, about 80 or 90 years back, and even at a much later period, cricketers did not receive near such very high pay as they do now, or obtain such handsome presents. They- were satis- fied, or supposed to be contented, with the humble shilling, which now finds its equiva- lent in the guinea . It became a custom whenever a bowler got three wickets with three following or consecutive balla to present him with a new hat. A collection of one shilling was made from each person playing, and the result was as stated. Jack the Ripper is dead. He died (says 'Figaro') in a private lunatic asylum in England unknown to the majority of the public, but his identity was established some time before his death. He was a medical student of good family and con- eiderable means. There is no reason to sup- pose that when his family first put him under forcible restraint, they had any idea that he was the author of the White- chapel horrors. Two prominent journal- ists, G. E. Sims and T. P. O'Connor, M.P., are among the few who know the facts of the case The whole matter has been kept very dark as it was felt no good end would be served by re-opening the case. The police authorities, however, were, aware of the circumstances and undoubtedly felt relieved when this human fiend gave up the ghost. The " Bulletin" does not deal much in the average infantile smartness as litera- ture, but this is a kid anecdote with a difference. We were in an open drag serving as a coach between a new alluvial field and a small mining town, and the driver, being late, was sending his horses at a smart pace up a long rise. It was night, the narrow track was cut through thick bush, on either side rose clear black walls of clustering white gum, and before us, on the apex of the rise, hung an enormous yellow moon seeming so close that I fancied one might almost have cracked its luminous face with a stone. Opposite me sat a miner's wife with a delicate-looking child of about six in her arms. I noticed the youngster staring amazedly at the moon, and then she hid her face in her mother's breast with a vague expression of terror. A few seconds later smash went the drag into a stump, and over went the show. The first words I heard were the whimpering of the child : " Oh mummer, I knew we'd run into the moon."-"Bulletin." The following is an extract from a recent lecture given by " Banjo" Patterson : Major Fiaschi's mules, were breaking up with hard work and scanty fare. It was imperative that fresh animals should be obtained. By some undiscoverable means fresh mules were obtained. Shortly after their arrival an irate Boer doctor rushed upon the scene accusing the Sergeant-Major of having stolen his mules. This the Ser- ieant-Maajor promptly denied having done, whereupon Fiaschi dealt the Boer a smack in the face which knocked him over.Upon attempting to rise, the Major commanded him to get no further than his knees, re- questing him at the same time to 'remem- ber that we are a conqúering racé and will not allow a Boer doctor to accuse us of being mule thieves.' The unfortunatedootor took his departure. Not satisfied with the treat- ment he had received at Fiaschi's' camp, the doctor took his complaint to head- quarters. A staff officer was sent to investi- gate. Upon his arrival the Sergeant- Major said ' So far from stealing his mules, you will find, if you look, in the doctor's yard, some mules belonging to the British Government. Such was indeed the case. The wily Australians had taken all the doctor's sound mules and left their broken down mules in their place. An habitual drunkard in Sweden and Norway is treated as a criminal in this sense, that his inordinate lore for strong drink renders him liable to imprisonment, and while in confinement it appears he is cured of his bad propensities on a plan which, though simple enough, is said to produce marvellous effects. From the day the confirmed drunkard in incarcerated, no nourishment is served to him or her but bread and wine. The bread, however, it should be said, cannot be eaten apart from the wine, but is steeped in a bowl of it, and left thus to soak for an hour or more before the meal is served to the delinquent. The first day the habitual toper takes his food in this shape without the slightest repugnance ; the second day he finds it less agreeable to hi palate ; and very quickly he evinces a positive aversion to it. Generally, the doc- tors state, eight or ten days of this is more than sufficient to make a man loathe the very sight of wine, and even refuse the prison dish set before him. This manner of curing drunken habits is said to succeed almost without exception and men who have under- gone the treatment not only rarely return to their evil ways, but from sheer disgust they frequently become total abstainers afterwards. 