PROFESSOR PEPPER DEAD. THE ORIGINAL GHOST-WALKER AND RAIN-MAKLIER.. ("DAILY MAIL" SPECIAL.) Professor Pepper, of "Pepper's Ghost" fame has just died at Leytonstone, where he had recently been living. To the younger generation "Pepper's Ghost" is more a legend than a reality,but thirty years ago it was a~ popular as the present biograph. As Mr John Hollings head said in last evening's "Pall Mall Gazette.' the death of the professor "car ries the memory to the days when the miscellaneous theatrical matinee had not been invented, and those curious variety shows of recreative science called Poly technic Institutions' were popular with the classes who were blessed with mid day leisure without knowing exactly how to use it." It was in 1848 that John IHenry Pepper, lxlrn in 1821. was appointed analytical chemist at the Royal Polytechnic in Regent street. For some years the ele mentary scientific lectures and shows satisfied the Polytechnic's patrons, but Professor Pepper began to find that some thing different was wanted, and he turned his attention to the "ghost" method of il lusipon, which a civil engineer named Dircks brought to his notice. "Pepper told me that the idea of 'Pep per's Ghost' came to him one day as he was walking out of St. James's Hall. when some reflections from a. mlir.or caught his notice." said Mr Maskelyne. of Egyptian Hall fame, to a "Daily Mail" re presentative yesterday. "But there is no doubt that he worked on Dirck's idea, and developed the arrangement of mirrors and glass. which made 'Pepper' ClGhost' cele brated. At first he WORKED WVITH MIRRORS at the side of the stage, but Professor Sylvester. who joined him, introduced the mirror beneath the footlights and the front lglss on the stage, and that was the method afterwards adopted. "For a long while audiences did not understand the 'mystery' of the ghost. but people like myself, who understood the use of mirrors. knew how the thing was done, althutogh that did not lessen our enjoy ment of a ghost fwerformance. It was decidedly entertaining to see an aplparent ly solid 'ghost' walk through , another character on the stage. "But the ghost had his day, and has not been much heard of in recent years. There is no doubt that Pepper made a lot of money out of the ghost, but he did not die rich. Nearly twenty years ago he went to Australia to 'make rain' for the farmers, long before the American rain makers appeared, but it was not a suc cess. His idea was to cause rain to fall by means of aerial explosions, but he could not make rain fall where there was no rain up in the sky, and so he cotuld'do no thing in places where rain was most wanted. He afterwards became publie analyst at Brisbane." Professor Pepper brought out succes sore to the "Ghost" in the "Sphinx" and the "Protean cabinet," but none succeed ed like the ghost, and "Pepper's Ghost." will remain his chief claim to celebrity. 