' WATS '-OF' LIVING-. ' NE ARING THE HOKE LIGHT. " This aitiole will be limited'to' the' last stretoh of the Thames, between tho lower ! reaches and the sea. . Some of, the most characteristic features,, of this tbgipn will be passed in review: the quaint habits n.nd ftlrt-wnrlr! hftlinfR nf if-.H rAairiATitn ''a-nrJ the tales of comedy and adventure told ,in its inn -parlours or over the cabin ' stoves of its little craft. The first question that naturally occurs is : Where does the Thames end, and the sea begin P .This is what' the newspapers call a controverted question. ' The' official boundary, it is trne, stretches across from Foulness' on the northern, shore to Shell- ness' on the Isie of Sheppey. But' thb dividing line is generally considered among river folk themselves to be marked by the sandbank above which floats the most anoiont and most famous of' British lightships, the ' Nore' Light.' ' Sailors passing that Dutch-built barge on an inward journey have a curious, .but impolite, method of their own of saluting the fresh water, which they reckon to have entered at that 'moment, -although as- a matter of fact the buoyant river water overlays the dense medium of the sea' for miles further out than the Hore. And, seeing that the Thames at this point is nearly six miles wide and broaden ing rapidly with every outward' mile, one may leave the experts to wrangle over saline proportions and estuarine mollusca and the rest, accepting the verdict of the sailor. . Certain it is that the typical Thames features — the local shipping, river cus toms, river talk and modes of life— do not extend. beyond, the Hore. Long before it is reache'd, indeed, they have begun to ' suffer a sea - change.' The men of the 'broken water,'' which stretches- from a little below Gravesend to the Bea, are in many' ways unlike their ' brethren ' of the higher reaches. For one thing, they are' far more siient than the Cockney field boatmen and lightermen - upstream. -' Even the sociable atmosphere of their waterside tavern — : the ' Smack Inn,' or the rHet and Golden i Anchor," or tho 'Jolly" Billy Boy '—dbe« not tempt them into garrulity. It is told of one of their number that; having been upset one' chill November night and floating for two hours before . he was picked up, his' Sole -comment on: being restored to consciousness was the remark, ' Water gete cold o' nights now !' . A more curious characteristic of these: dwellerB by the lower river is their super-, stition. This is, of bourse, true to" a- greater or less extent of sailors all the world over; but. the men in question,; whilst sharing' in such widespread beliefs i as the efficacy of whistling and scratching the mast fora breeze, and'tho bad -weather foretold by a' howling dog, have their own: local and peculiar fancies.' One such; superstition is that the' appearance of a porpoise in the Thames) proceeding up' stream, is a sure sign of a coming storm- from seaward. ' :i 'It' must' be a mighty stiff blow if he - can't face it !' is their brushing retort to, the sceptic. " . Many of tho inhabitants of Canvey! -firmly believe that' spirit horses gallop madly about the Island from dnsb -to midnight, and stoutly affirm " that they themselves have often : heard ' the wild, hoof-beats of these' ghostly steeds. Along the marshy shores ' on either bank you will find veteran' sailors' to-day who will confidently assure you that they know, by' a peouliar sound 'the water makoB,' when a death ''by drowning is imminent. ' . 1 The water keep' moanin') ' inoahin'/ said one of these prophets last' spring, ' and that Bhow it want someone. I don't reckon it'll run. off shore agen wi'out him.' But he was wrong : no one .was drowned along that coast uritil fiext tide, when there were two victims. ': Another quaint belief,- which' was once common along/our boasts, '.but' is" now dying- faBt . olsewhere," still" survives— at least among the older generation— in the ! Kentish river fiats. - This is that the 'siok folk, if true native born, cannot' die until the - ebb-tide lias - begun to run. ' The belief is at least as old as Shakespeare's day; for did not Falstaff ' die 'just between twelve and even even at the turning o' the tide"? 'And these river folk still say confidently ' of a sufferer, He iqust wait for the tide.' When' their prediction is fulfilled the puzzled dootors talk of 'efforts of will power''; when it is -falsified the prophets explain that1 the dead man, or his father before him, was reared inland. And superstitions flourish among the i crews of the- ketches,' oyster-boats, " and other small craft of this district.' As' an instance may be mentioned their dread of a ' dogging star '—one shining hear and apparently following the moon. This is regarded as ominous of terrible' temposts ; and- natives of the region in' question have beeu known to refuse to sail from London in a sea-going vessel because of suoh an apparition -in the' -night heavens. \- Ghosts appoar to trouble them -"but little, although a certain small sohoouer making coasting runs between Gravesend and the Kent and Essex seaboard is always affirmed to .be haunted by' a former skipper who sprang overboard' years' ago in a drunken frenzy, ' ana was flrowricd. This shade, according to. the statement of an avowed1 eyewitness, is"' by, no means terrifying, but iuerelj f requents, in harm less and seemingly aimless .fashion, the aft companion' that 'was 'his favourite resort in the flesh. Once he was actually. good:natured enough to'arouse the man' at .the wheel, who had fallen asleep at his post and in a few seconds would have put the sbb boner ashore above Thames Haven. The) mate of the vessel) however, who being London- brod is sceptical, of this .useful ghost's existence, suggests that it' was 'the flash ing light from the screw-pile lighthouse . at Mucking Flat' "whioh awoke the slumbere'r so opportunely. , A. strange article of faitb. prevalent! in these craft, as pqi-iaps elsbwhere, is that it. i?. unlucky to eXpreB/ypurself as 'glad tb be' alive,' or. in any! such phrase. As tho Essex ' farmer thpught . concerning .balloons, they regard these .expressions as ' farin' bumptious ' ,(:b the gopd and evil powers alike, who /may take summary vengeance oil such presumption. The town-reared skipper of a local sail ing craft recently had a curious lesson in the superstition of tho district. :0n the occasion of Mb first, run from, Sheerness - in his new command he took onboard witfi him a favourite black cat which had', .travelled, often enough with its master. | from Blackwall. ' .The wind, wMoh was fresh at the .start, died away suddenly and the tide having- scarcely turned was too young, to servo them appreciably. For an hour they drifted at a snail's pace; then- the breeze freshened as. suddenly as it bud died down, - and the trip to Greenhithe was completed in comfort.' But - on reaohing' there tho new skipper found that his sable Thomas had disappeared. "Questioning Ms men, one of them -spoke of having 'heerd a splash-like' while they lay becalmed; and the cat's master could only conclude that in some inexplicable fashion his - pet had fallen overboard or- committed siiide. \- Mentioning Ms loss tp a neighbour on his return,' the disconsolate skipper was greeted' with roars " of" hnsympathetao laughter. 'Why, don't you know that a' black cat- kills the wind P' he was asked. 'It is largely believed in' hereabouts, anyway. Ho doubt yours was blamed for the calm, and to break the spell' poor old puss was weighted round the neck and' dropped overside as an'offering of appease- ment to the 'wind-gods.' But there is much' besides local super- 1 stition to be related of the lower Thames. A familiar sight along the Essex shore1 of .the river is the ' Geordie,' ,or e'oal-bjig, ; plying between one' or other of , the Tyne- Bide collieries and the Thames.' Of these craft the river-eiders are said to' ' curse the skipper and bless the crew.' For while the latter are stalwart, hardy Hortumbrians, such plucky, sailors as,' to extort 'the praise ' of . our' critical Thame- sites, the sMpmasters are the subject/of' mpch "chaff and many; ' yarns)' the point ' of both ' Modes '.of qriticism bqiug that they are not exactly renowned . for eitHer navigation or total abstinence. One Geordie's skipper, homeward bound iu ballast, is' said to have passed ' the Mouse lightsMp" on his 'port beam, and proceeded spiritnously on his way north. Four, hours later, when his' hazy reckon ing showed the vessel to be. off Harwich, an unknown lightship hove in sight to starboard. . ' Light, ahoy ! Who on earth 'r you ?' he gretted the stranger. ' Mouse !' came aii' answering shout. "Hothor of 'em' eh ?' tho Bkippor was heard to mutter. 'Too bad, too bad! Speak to the Trinity Housei about it — time they had a mouse-trap in these parts !''" - It was a brother skipper who, when asked by his mate to set a course outward from Gravesend, cheerfully and with hiccoughs told his questioner to 'keep the shore on his port (left) beam until he made Sunderland !' In the intricacies of the Thames channels such advice is about as -one countryman's, direction of another to a certain hotel : "Yeou mirn just waalk threougk Lunnon an' bear a bit to th' roight!' , These stories of intoxicated masters recall an incident for which the writer can personally vouch. . ; ... The skipper of a handsome 'mixed': .(cargo and passenger) boat, running between an EaBt London wharf and'tho ' West of England, was terribly addicted to drink. Coming down' Thames one. afternoon under' orders " to call at Sheer- ness he insisted , on taking charge, although in a hopelessly muddled state. 1 Tho mate, nearly, frantic with anxiety, managed now "and1 then to! issue secret orders to , the crew, by whioh more than: one imminent disaster was avoided. Thus' they made their way down stream till, the- river wideiied and 'the mate ' began ' to i breathe freely agam. ,, , Then the captain 'on the bridge insisted - on standing over to the north shore, and - when his subordinate remonstrated > actually thre'atehed to put him ( in irons. So, amid thb grumblings' of 'the' mate' and: the skipper's fluent oaths)1' the bpat . jog ged along to a certain town on that Vpide of the Thames . estuary, /where, mpre by- luck than judgment she'brdught up with-; out disaster at the landing stage. ; . Foreseeing serious trouble,1 the faithful' mate would have hurried Mb cMef Below' out of sight; but that officeif would not quit his post, and greeted'the pibrmaster as follows .(omitting' only' the/curses and ' drunken slurp that punctuated it) : ' Here)" mister, 'what's "the 'meaning o£ ' this, eh P "Don't try to ' dony 'it,1 ' sir '(crbscendo),. ' You've " stolen it, siir- you're a coihmou loW' thief, and I'll have you pros-prosecuted ' (fortissimo). Wot'.B.the row f "laconically inquired the much-abused official. . '/'You) villainyou " thieving ' villain !'. screamed the shipper. ' Answer, ine this instant, sir— what have' you' done with my Medwajr P ') , ' And id his ' grief' at this iobbery of a whole river, he burst into tears. ' That pibde1 of folly cost hiih his master's certificate ; and nowadays, if you want1 to enrage the red-faced steward of- a certain . '- day trip-' boat on the Thames, yon have only to ask him innocently which' side of the river is the Medway. - 