The Lily of Mordaunt. Bt Mas G. Shxldob Ao«hkwb of "The Masked Bridal, < xhe Magic Cameo," &o.;) CHAPTER XI X. jane COLLIN'S' STORY. Arley awoke, weary and unrefreshed, tho next morning- She had experienced a cjisa of protection and safety while ihiiiiug beneath the same roof with Philip eren though she saw so little of fcua; hut now, alone in her new f,uarter«, with no one to whom she jould speak one word, a feeling of diWUtlOfl, MIUU&D; OA UWJJiUA, wcweu down upon her. Frightful dreams as- sailed her; sleep would no sooner veigk her eyelids down then she would start wildly up, trembling in every limb, perspiration starting from every nore- and this was repeated again and u"ain, untii she was nearly exhausted when morning broke, but very thank ful to have her night of horrors at an After eating her simple breakfast, which she had arranged to have brought to her room, she dressed herself with great care for her .call upon the Eng lish oousul. She chose a dress of rich black silk, very elaborately made, and fitting her to perfection. She wore no collar, but fastened a mass of costly creamy, lace about her throat with a single blazing diamond, and put mates to it in her email ears. She tied a dainty, be witching hat of black and white lace over her soft brown hair, and drawing on her long-wristed pearl gloves, looked the elegant lady from the top of her pretty head to the tip of her little foot. Her trials, and sorrows, and home-, sickness had worn upon her somewhat, so that she had lost something of her former girlish roundness, and this, with tho palior engendered by her restless night, gave her an extremely delicate, refined, even patrician look. She had noticed it herself while fastening the ties of her hat, and a faint smile curled her lips, as she murmured : "If I am not Arley Wentworth, the grandchild of the renowned' Dr. McAl lister, I certainly have some evidences of good blood about me." Thore was not a particle, of vanity in this speeoh, however; there was only a feeling of content in the fact that no low-born person could possess certain characteristics which looked out at her from the glass. The mystery of her birth was ever uppermost in her thoughts, and ske_ never saw her reflection without askiug, "Who was my father — who my mother? Oh! shall. 1 ever know?" When she arrived at the residence of the consul, she gave her card to an usher, and was shown into a reception room, where she found several others, who, like herself, were seeking am in terview with her majesty's representa tive. Arley sat down upon a vacant chair to wait her turn, and then glanced about her to see if she could find an English face among her visitors. Xo ; they were all foreign — German, French, Russian, and, for aught that she know, Turk and Mohammedans, but not ono regular John Bull among them all did she see. She heaved a sigh of regret, and a feeling of lone liness began to steal over her again. Suddenly, however, eveiy nerve in. her body tingled with a strange de light, for, directly behind her, she beard an unmistakable English voice say, ia a loud, eager whisper : "John, John! do ye. remember the beautiful lady that was picked up at sea, eighteen years ago, by the vessel that brought us from Bombay?" A shock like electricity shot through Arley at these words, and turning her head a trifle, she saw, seated in the shadow of a curtain a little back of her, a burly, red-faced Englishman and, as she supposed, Iris wife. But 6he pretended not to hear what had boon said, while, in fact, 6he was straining every nerre to catch what Ehould come next. "I'm not likely to forget the leddy. mother, when I helped to haul her aboard, and thought sure she were dead, when her purty white face dropped so heavy on my shoulder. But that were nothing to the way she cried and grieved for her baby, that she was never to see again, when she came to, poor thing; and how she clung to her good man, moaning fit to break one's heart, and all he could do was to hold her close and say never a word, though jus own face were that white and' hope less it knocked me all in a heap every time I looked at him. But what brought 'em to yer mind just now, old woman?" ' +i "John! not so loud, man; hut jio hrst chance ye get, give a look at Jt a 21 sitting right afore ye, nd 1 tell me if she isn't the very image in m , J ye helped to haul aboard o r Swan on her home'ard voy age' I tell ye, man, she has the very same pair of eyes and wavy brown hair, chin "amG pretty lips and baby 1 i felt all the strength suddenly eave her, as if all power to move even S! ?r, had deserted her. She eemed like some frozen image planted t/r\ without either life or motion, inn- j ? was filled with a nervous, "ward trembling. ho a BJ10 001116 the way to Spain — nil +i i ?a neefnl for her to suffer noc). se had suffered during the Kt.ror, year' t' Be led hither in this oir i. way> an<J under such peculiar she0 ances, 111 order to discover who nf , was> and to have the great enigma jfe revealed to her? 6 mystery about to be solved? ii fo learn through this rough, mH?, couple who her father and mother were? i:fenitConv'0oa this result fastened thoJ Upon Ber mind as she listened to tho conversation. That reference to srm,oVess? from Bombay picking up tho f costawa at sea, the mention of young mother who, eighteen littio preT10us, had mourned for her DericLoj"-6' Believing that she had than an 6 cruel waters, and, more tboio 1 , strong resemblance which tho in!eop ® had traced in her face to with otiful leddy," inspired her to nhf ope that at last she was Sho t1 so?e dew to her parentage, tho to onSed . to turn her face, toward answor811!- Ber, and beg him to she loo 'j8 wife's questioni quickly; been J!® 0 tell them that she had lionr costaway at sea, and was a clainiojnami waif whom nobody rnnt u.' t she dreaded to inter- eIb Uj i conversation, at least until tw learned something more, lest hail lu , take offence because she mytlflng ttn refused to tell her a little harmless strategy to handti V sle aBowed her perfumed seen, a sup' apparently un- til,, L. i floor, hoping that one of it tQ would notice it and return lnmS 0Pening door just at that mo- waftwi0?8 , ? draught of air, and anflu the dainty little affair of lace Wly %heC% t0 the feet- the tbmioL00? ail<i seized it with eager, fied kward dexterity, much jrrati- tho -to1 -this opportunity to satisfy curiosity which his wife's remarks "so excited. buna reached out his great, coarse 5—. 1 snd touched Arley on the shoul- ii us he wanld have tooohed > ' . — Isomo frail, beautiful flower, and, groiv- uig very red in the face at > his own I boldness, saidj blunderingly: 'Madam — miss — yon—you've lost yer > kerchief." Arley turned now with her sweetest smile. "Thank you," she said, > simply, but heartily, as she took it from his clumsy fingers, while at the > same time she be stowed a quick, but comprehensive glanoe upon the woman at > his side. She saw an honest, good-natured looking couple, stout and rosy, > but rough, _ as to exterior, as a couple of porcupines: while they in turn > stared at her with, all their might, regardless of all rules of politeness, > if indeed, they had been instructed in the sim- . plest forms of etiquette. > Four eager eyes earnestly scanned that fair, beautiful face for the space of > a minute, and then Arley slowly resumed her former position, and waited as > patiently as she could for what would follow. _ The man heaved a deep, long- > drawn sigh and sank into his seat, an expres sion of wonder and > bewilderment- on his face. "I tell you what, old woman," he whispered, in a > voice that was not al together steady, "if I were in the habit -' of seein' > or beuevin' in ghosts, I sh'd say one had 'peared to me to-day, sure — they > are as like as two peas." "You're right, John," responded his spouse,; in a > tone of conviction. Arley could not endure the suspense another moment, and > she moved her chair so as to face the couple again. "I beg your pardon," she > said, politely, but looking very white; "I could not help hearing what you > both have said. Will you please tell me the name of the lady of whom you > were speaking, and whom you say I so closely resemble?" 'Land alive, John! > it's her very, voice, too, or my ears deceive me," exclaimed the woman, in a > startled tone, to her husband, and regarding Arley more curiqusly than > before. .The young girl began to tremble visibly, and it was only by a > strong effort that she kept her teeth from chattering audibly — was she > about to learn the truth at last? "I am so glad," she said, . after a > moment, and to give them an oppor tunity to recover somewhat from their > surprise, "to have found some of my countrymen here, for you perceive that I > am English like yourselves. I came here hoping to hear of some one who might > be returning to England, but it is very strange, I think, that I should have > chanced to sit just here and overhear what you have said. Will you please > tell me of whom you were speaking?" The man and woman looked at each other > in perplexity ; the resemblance of which they had spoken was growing upon > them every moment, untu it al most seemed that, the lady they had referred > to stood again before them, and was addressing them. "Well, well, miss, this > are very queer," the man said. at last; "I don't think I'm dreamin', but if > ye were not so young looking, I sh'd say ye were the very leddy herself." > "Her name — please tell. . me her name." Arley could scarcely control her im > patience. But before the man could reply an attendant entered the room, and > an nounced that his excellency, the con sul, had just received important dis > patches calling In'rn away, and he would therefore be unable to reeeive any > visitors that day. TJpon hearing this, most of the people beat a hasty > retreat, muttering their disappointment in no amiable mood, and Arley and > her two strange companions were thus left the sole oc cupants of the room. > "Now we can converse undisturbed," she said, eagerly, as the" last one de > parted, "and I will tell yon why I am so anxious to learn the name of the > people - of whom yon have spoken. There is a, mystery hanging over my > parentage, and I was separated from my parents by an accident at sea, and > have never .seen them since; so you perceive that it is not strange that I > should think from what you have said that you could perhaps throw some light > on this dark subject for me." "Ah! miss,"! the woman said, with a regretful > snake of her head, as Arley paused and looked appealingly at her. "I'm sure > no one could refuse to oblige a pleasant-spoken leddy like yourself if one > could help it, hut we don't know the name of the beautiful leddy who looked > enough like ye to be yer twin si stcr 'You don't know the name?" Arley > interrupted in a tone of bitter disap pointment, her heart sinking heavily > at this intelligence. . "No, miss. Ye see this was the way of it: My man and > I had been on a long voyage from Portsmouth, Eng land, to Bombay, in the > Black Swan, a sailin' vessel under Captain Conway. We've been sailors > together, miss, and Iv as stewardess; for, ye see, bein' rather fond o' one > another, "-r-and here the buxom blushed like a girl in her teens — "one > didn't like to leave t'other behind. "Well, we'd hed a fine voyage most of > the way tall' we entered the Bay of Biscay; when things began to look kind > o' threatenin'. Just about sunset one day a great steamer passed us, and > everybody . on hoard looked as gay and smilin' as could he, and gave three > hearty cheers with wavin' ker chiefs, as if they'd had a good passage so > far, and were in high /feather over it. She, the steamer, soon went out of > sight though, and we thought that was the last of her for us, and I couldn't > help frettm' to think how much faster she sailed than the Black Swan, and > how much sooner she'd reach port. But I had reason to thank heaven, miss, > for the slow sailin' vessel afore many days. A storm blew up that night — > such a storm as I hope never to be out in again. Me nor my old man1 never > expected to set foot on land, and for three days and nights we didn't do > much hut pray. But the fourth day the wind went down some, and we ! knew the > worst was over. !"W ell , just as we were roundin Point St. Matthew we came > upon signs of a wreck— floatim' spars, boxes, kegs, stools, and such like, > and later on durin' the day, we saw a queer lookin' object to the leeward of > us,_ with some thing like a white flag flyin' from it. Our captain thought > it looked sus picious, and ordered his men to hear away toward it, and after > awhile he bad a boat lowered and1 sent to see what it meant. "It was well > that we came upon rt just as we did, for it proved to be a great chicken- > coop, with a mian and woman lashed to it, and both nearly dead from the > cold, and bein' dashed about in the wild waves. They were brought aboard the > Black Swan, and given: np to me to see if I could find any life in 'em. „ . > "The man csuqlo round, oil right after a little while, but it was a tough, > job fetchin' the woman awhile, and then it was enough to break your heart to > hear her take on. . " "My baby — my Allie,' were the first words she said > when she came to her self, and her husband, who' never left her a minute > after be got her senses back, bent over her, and said _ in a hoarse voice, > and his face as white as a sheet, 'Marg'ret, don't you remem ber? Darlin', > let us be thankful that we are spared to each other.' "Upon that the leddy > gave a scream, and fainted dead away again. Well, it's no use tellin' you of > the time I had with her, but she just about grieved herself to death, and > couldn't bear her husband out of her sight for a single minute. Day in and > day out he sat in the captain's state-room — for , he gave it up to them, > and bunked it I Dice a common sailor— holdm' her in rais when she was awake, and talking m a soothin' way to her, but Wotan' as if he were just ready to die with grief himself when she was asleep and he was left to his own thoughts. I had to feed her like a baby, for she was too weak to help herself, and die was so pretty and gentle that I couldn't help lovin' her with all my heart; while I'm free to confess I never did see so much blubbering in all my. life as I did in those two weeks that we were makin' for Portsmouth, after we took them two castaways on board. But it was enough to break the stoutest heart to hear that poor mother gnevin' for her lost baby. miss!" as Arley buried her face in her handkerchief and sobbed over the sad story, "I didn't mean to upset ye like that, though I can never tell about it without gettin' soft myself, far all it's more'n eighteen years ago. But as for her name, I were so bound up in takin' care of the poor thing, that I never once thought to ask who she were, and I never heered the cap tain say. We sailed into Portsmouth harbour all right one fine morning, and after I had wrapped the leddy up in my warm shawl to be taken ashore — for the day was cold — she seized both my hands, and said with her white, tremblin' lips: "'Oh, you good woman, I ought to bless these hands that have helped to bring me back to life, and I do— I do for my husband's sake; but my heart is broken for my baby — my pretty an gel, Allie!' "The gentleman, gave me a fifty- pound note, with a hearty 'Heaven bless ye,' just afore he carried her up ' on dock, and1 I've never set eyes on either of 'em, nor heard one' word about 'em since." "Do you know the name of the steamer that they were on when they were wrecked?" Arley asked, with al most breathless eagerness, when the woman ended her story. 'Yes, miss; it were the White Star, and she were bound from Calcutta, India, to England." Arley started, and a cry escaped her; it was the same vessel on which, it was supposed, she had sailed with her nurse for England over some eighteen, years ago; and thus it be came evident that there had been two children of about the same age on board that ill-fated steamer. There might have been more — she did not know; bat she was quite sure now that both Ina and herself had been among the passengers, and while Ina had drifted into the baus of those rude fishermen on the coast of Spain she had been rescued by one of the sailors of the White Star, mistaken for her, and thus sent to Dr. McAllis- .ter of London. Something within her told her that she belonged to the beautiful woman, to whose sad story she had just listened — something aside from the strong resemblance to her of which this Honest couple had spoken; and she felt that at last she held a clew, though a very faint one, to the mys tery of her parentage. It was very unsatisfactory, however, aud would doubtless require diligent and patient search and inquiry in or der to make it of the least avail, while it, was possible that she might never get beyond this point. "I believe you have been telling me about my own. father aud mother," she said, in a trembling voice to the woman. "Land alive, miss, ye don't mean it!" was the astonished rejoinder, while the burly John leaned forward, wonder de picted on his face. 'Yes, I feel quite sure of it," Arley said; "but.ohl if- you could only have told me their- -name, the way out of this puzzle would be comparatively easy."' Then she told them something of her own- .life, for she felt it was due to them after their courtesy to her. "It are alT like a story, miss, and it'll all come out right at last, never fear," said John; "and," he added, "all ye've got to do when ye go hack to England is to hunt up the captain of the White Star, if he's livin', and the rest'll be 'easy enough." "If he's living," Yes, that was it ; if ike steamer had been wrecked, it was more than probable that the- cap tain bad gone down with her, and thus the sequel to her secret remain for ever buried in the deep dark waters of the ocean. Arley heaved a sigh, but she looked into the faces before her with a smile, and asked: ."Will you kindly tell me your name? I am very thankful to you for telling me this story." . "My name? Sartin, miss. It's Jane Collins, and it's one I've never had reason to be ashamed1 on either," was the satisfied reply, while the honest creature bestowed an affectionate glance upon her husband. "John here has heen a good man to me," she added ; "and we've been miadlin' prosperous in this world's goods, and we've roved the world pretty much over together, first and last." "Shall you go hack to England soon ?" Arley inquired, with a sudden heart-bound, and feeling that she could trust herself with these rough, but evidently honeet people, more fully perhaps than she could with others who might he wiser in the ways of the world. 'Yes, miss. Hie Roekeb— that's the vessel John's mate aboard, and I'm stewardess — starts on- her homeward voyage next week, of a Wednesday." "Would you let me go with you? Could I obtain a passage in the ves sel?" Arley asked, eagerly, while her voice trembled with the earnestness of her plea. "A sailin' vessel ain't no kind or a place for a delicate young leddy like ye," Jane Collins remarked, doubtfully, as she eyed Arley's dainty figure from top to toe. "Oh, I would not mind the vessel, if only I might go home; and, some how, I feel as if I should be very safe with you and your husband," Arley said, while tears of entreaty actually gathered in her eyes. Jane bestowed a gratified look on her as she said this ; then she replied : "Sure, miss, we'd_ do the best we could for ye if ye did go, but we are all in the Lord's hands. What d'ye say, John?" and she turned a ques tioning glance upon her husband. "Reekon we can fix it somehow," he returned laconically. "Oh, thank you! thank you!" Arley murmured, and the sweet brown eyes brimmed over with, the glittering drops which told how intense were her long- ings after England and home. iiH APrhiK. XX. ablev's illness. "I fear you will think me very fool ish," Arley said, trying to smile through her tears; "but indeed I am very anxious to go home." 1 'Ho, dear heart, I've heen hqmesick myself afore now,'' Mrs. Collins re sponded, sympathetically. . "But how happens it that yer' alone in this strange country— that you've no one to go with ye to take oare of ye?" she added, with a keen glance into the fair, flushed face. "I do not like to tell you about it here," Arley replied, looking furtively around, as if she feared some one might be within hesring. "Could you come to my lodging some time to-mor row .or next day ? Then I will tell you more about how I am' situated, and why I son so anxious to secure an es- court hack to England." Yes, Mrs. ... Collins said, she would come to-morrow, and. -Arley gave her tiifl address; taen, thanking her for I bar kindness, jehe took leave of them both, and returned to her .lodging quite j content- with her day's work, even though she had failed to see the con sul. On entering the room, however, she was dismayed at the state in which she found it. She knew that she had left it in per fect odder when she went out. Now her closet door stood wide open, and her clothing appeared to have been tossed about. Her writing-desk was also open, and her papers scattered about in confusion. Her trunk, like wise, had been roughly turned over and left in a disordered state. But after a hasty glance at these things she turned to her dressing-case, a look of great anxiety on her face. The. upper drawer was partially drawn ont, bat she knew that she had been careful to lock it and put the key in her purse before going out. With a cry of dismay, she sprang for ward, drew it further out, and looked into it. Her face, and even her lips, turned ghastly pale as she" did so; her eyes stared wildly at a vacant spot within- it for a moment; then, with a de spairing moan, she dropped upon her knees, leaned ber head against the drawer, sobbing as if her" heart were broken. Her jewel-box was gone, and it con tained all that she had except what she had worn that morning. 1 Her diamonds were, of coarse, more valuable than anything else, and she had saved them by wearing them; bat there were many things which she had prized very highly in the casket, and it was very trying to have them stolen' from her thus. Still, she oould have borne even this with fortitude, but for one thing: in one of the compartments, pinned to the velvet cushion, there was the hun dred-pound note which Miss McAllister had given her on her wedding-day, and which - she had carefully preserved through everything for a case of emer gency. j Now all her hopes were blasted, for without funds what could she do? She could not go home without money to pay her passage; she could not live there, or anywhere, without it. Her purse was nearly empty. She did not know how long she might find em ployment at the art store; and, be sides, it would take her so long — such a weary while to earn enongh to go home. For a time she was nearly wild over her loss, and did not know what to do about it. She dared not tell her landlady that she had been robbed, lest she might suspect her poverty and refuse t« al low her to stay there. She could not inform the police, for she could not speak the language, and sho had no faith to believe that she could recover her property if she made her case known, while it might involve her in doubt and deeper trouble. Philip could not help her pecuniarily, and it was probable that he would not if he could, after the step which she had taken the previous day. What made her start so suddenly at tho thought of her husband, and the colour flame hotly over her whole face. Could it be possible that he would be guilty (of so dastardly a deed as to creep into her room and rob her thus? The thought came to her like a shock, 'and; perhaps she would not have suspected him if she had not told him that she would sell her jewels to get money to go home. Remembering this made her feel that perhaps she had put a temptation, in his way, which, in his embarrassing situation, he had not been able to resist. ' But after a moment she put the thought from- her — sho would not believe any thing so dreadful of him, even though his treatment of her had been so un manly. But it was a terrible blow to her, whoever was the thief, for there was no going home now until she had1 earned the money, or unless— she could sell her diamonds. She could not bear to do that, for they had been the last gift of Dr. McAllister to her before his death, and they seemed almost sacred to her. Wretched as she was, she resolved to lose no time in taking care of them, lest they also should be stolen from her: so, struggling for calmness, she unclasped them from her ears and throat, and sewed them securely into the waist of a dress, stitched them in over the top of whalebones, thinking that no one would ever suspeeb such a hiding-place for them. This done, she strove to busy herself over her drawings, for she must make the most of her time now; but she was so nervous and trembling that she grew hot and cold at every sound— she im agined that she heard steps creeping up the stairs aud pausing at her door; she would listen with painful intent- ness until every nerve quaked with fear, then, bursting into a passion of tears, weep until sue had no strength to cry more. . Thus the day aud most of the night was spent, and morning found her a pitiable object indeed— burning with fever and wild with delirium. When her landlady brought up her breakfast she knocked, but no one came to open the door, though she could hear Arley talking in a rapid, unnatural way within her room. She listened a few moments, and be ing convinced that something was wrong, she tried the door. It was fastened, as sho expected ; but being of a resolute nature, sbe was not long in forcing an entrance, and found Arley in a high fever and in an almost uncontrollable state of ex citement. She did what she could for her tem porary relief, and- then sent for- a phy sician. When he came and made an exami nation of his patient he looked very grave and pronounced her very ill. He prescribed for her ; waited an hour to see what effect his medicines would have, and as she became somewhat more quiet he finally went away, prom ising, however, to come in again later in roe day. " Afternoon brought Jane Collins, who by showing the address which Arley had given her, and by signs, managed to make her errand known. The landlady saw at once that she was English, although belonging to an entirely different class from t-liat of her lodger, and1 she was only too glad to conduct . her upstairs to the sick girl s room; The good woman was dismayed upon finding her in such a condition-, and saw at once that all hope of her re- turning to England with her in the Rocket was at an. end; she knew that she was hooked1 for a long and tedious Sho at once removed her bonnet and shawl and by signs made the woman of the house to understand that she wanted water and towels. She was a kind-hearted creature, and comprehended at once that Jane want ed to give the sick girl a- bath, and hastened to bring everything neces- Theni with a gentleness whioh one would scarcely have thought she was capable, she sponged tbe sufferer, who, though sbe did not recognise her, seemed to be grateful for the atten tion, and grew gradually quieter un der the soothing process, until, when she had finished and covered her with fresh linen, which she had asked, to have brought for the hed, Arley drop ped into a deep, quiet sleep. Jane then donned her bonnet and shawl again and hastened back to her own humble lodgings to tell John about the sad state in which ,she had found the "beautiful young Teddy;" and to get; his consent for her to remain with I her until she should be better, or as long as she could before the sailing of the Rocket. Honest John Collins' tender heart went out to the lovely girl lying so ill and desolate among strangers, and1 he bade, his wife, go back and stay with her if she wished. She did wish, and, hastily putting together a few necessary articles in a bundle,v she returned to her post in the sick-room. There was much to try the good woman's patience, in assuming, the re sponsibility, for, of course, she could not understand a word' of the strange physician's directions, although she liked his appearance and treatment of Arley. The only way she could ascertain how to give his medicine was by mak ing him point out on Arley's watch — which she had found under her pillow and immediately taken possession of — the _ hours when they were to be ad ministered. For four days the poor girl was fear fully ill, and utterly unconscious of everything that transpired about her. But good Jane Collins was indefatig able, sparing herself.- in no way, while she was as tender and motherly as if she had been the mother of a dozen children, instead of a lone woman without one in the world to love. On the fifth day Arley seemed some what more comfortable, and began to have lncid intervals. The next day her mind was quite clear, and she recognised her atten dant with evident pleasure. "How came you here?" she asked. "Ye were sick, and John said I might come to take care of ye," Jane answered, her face beaming to hear her speak naturally once more. "How good it is of you!" Arley said, grasping the woman's rough hand and clinging to it with what strength she had. "Have I been very ill?" she asked, after a minute. . . _ "Yes, miss, very ill, and ye ain't I none too well now," Jane returned, re garding her somewhat anxiously. "Do you think I shall be. sick long?"' the young girl questioned, wistfully. "I hope ye're a trifle better this mrirnin', but it'll take quite a spell yet for ye to get up where ye was afpre." i Arley sighed heavily at- this. "What day is this?" she asked. "Monday, miss." "Monday!" with a startled look. "It was Tuesday that I saw you at the oonsul's. It must be- nearly time' to sail." Her eyes were growing very bright, and the fever flush -began to mount hotly in her cheeks again. "Yes; the Rocket sails Wednesday at noon." Jane did not know what else to say. "And I can't go," Arley wailed, with a hysterical sob. "Hush,, dearie! ye'U do yerself mis- oluef if yo get tq cry-in'," the woman said, soothingly, ' while she smoothed the pretty brown head as tenderly as a mother would have done. "But I did so want to go home," Arley replied, with quivering lips. "I know—I know, and I wanted to have ye," , Dame Collins, responded, while a huge luinp rose in her throat; " but, after all, dearie, a sailin' vessel ain't no fit way for the like of yo to be travellin' in; it'll be much better for ye to take passage in some steamer and' go as a leddy should go." " But I cannot go alone — I'm afraid," and Arley clung to her . companion al most in terror, while a feeling of deso lation surged like a huge billow over her. The woman hardly kuew whut to say to her. Sho felt that it might do lier great injury if she should get excited, and yet she knew that some arrangements ought to be made for her future care. She longed to stay herself, for she felt a strange yearning for the beautiful but forlorn, stranger; but she could not. "Where do you sail from?' Arley asked, after a few moments, and strug gling to be calm. "Valencia, miss, where they are loadin' the packet with fruit® and nuts as fast as ever they can, and my old man and me will have to start early Wednesday morniu', so's to be on hand. It makes my old heart- ache, dearie, to go and leave you behind, sick and alone, and — and — " She wanted to ask how Arley hap pened to be there so friendless in that strange country, hut a sort of rude delicacy prevented her from putting her curiosity into words. But the sick girl understood her, and, though a vivid blush rose to her fore head, she finished! the sentence for her. "And you cannot understand how. I happened to be in such a desolate con dition. I will tell yon; you have been so good to me that you have earned the right to know, and I am too miserable to care who knows it now," she said, wearily. She then gave a brief account of her life since leaving London, telling how she and her husband had wandered from place to place, their comforts growing less and , less because of the lack of funds, and how, after coming to Madrid, their resources had failed entirely. , , Her eyes drooped and her cheek burned with shame as she told how she had begged her husband to get some thing to do to improve their condi tion, and that when ho had refused she had sought employment and earned enough to keep out of debt. "Kit I could not. live so," sho said. "I felt that I must go home or my heart would break, and so I went that morning to ' the consul's to- sec if he could tell me of any parties about to return, to England with whom I could go. I felt so elated," she added, the tears rolling over her crimson cheeks, "when you told me that I could return with you, even though it would be in a sailing vessel, and X knew that the voyage would be long and wearisome." Then she related how, on -her return from the consul's, she found that she had oeen robbed of her jewels aud the money which she had heen depending upon to pay her passage, and hew she had been plunged into- the depths of despair upon making the discovery. " It was this which made me ill," she said; "it gave me such a shock, and 1 grew so nervous 'and excited over my loss that it made me sick," aud Jane saw that excitement was fast- hurrying her toward the verge of delirium again. " Never, mind the loss of the money, dearie," she said, soothingly; "it were a good deal to lose, I own, and the scamp who took it will get his pay yet, I promise ye ; but Jane Collins hadn't the heart to see ye take on like this for the matter of a few pounds: ye shan't want for anything that a little money can buy ; John and me'll let ye have whatever ye need, and when ye get back to the old country, and the good aunt that ye've been telling me about, ye can make it all right with me again, if ye like." Arley was greatly comforted by this, and began to grow calmer at once. "What should. I have done if it had not been for you?" she said, grate fully. "The Lord always takes care of His helpless ones, and if He hadn't sent me,. 'twould have been someone> else," Jane responded, with simple faith. "But where is this"— "villain" she was going to ask, bub changed her mind before the obnoxious word was spoken, and substituted — "man who has used: ye so badly?" Arley gave the' 'street and number where she and Philip had boarded; then, after thinking a moment, she asked: "As you must go soon, and there will he no one but strangers to. care; for me, perhaps it will be Best to send word to my husband regarding my con dition, and it may be, when: he sees how I am, he will he willing to exert himself to take care of me." Jane Collins' face lighted at this .proposal. She thought it would be the best, the only thing to do, and offered to go at once in search of the recreant hus band. Arley thanked her, and consented, and Jane immediately started out upon her errand. She easily found the place to which she had heen directed, and presented to the landlord, who answered her summons, Mr. Paxton's name, which Arley had written, upon a card for her. She was made to understand that Mr. Paxton was- not there — that the gentleman and his wife had both gone, and they did nob know whither. The fact of the case was that when Philip found that his wife was deter mined-, to go he, toe, left on the same- day, and their landlord1 believed that they had .gone together to some other place. It was with a heavy heart that Jane Collins returned to poor Arley with this intelligence, for she well knew how critical her condition was, and what a terrible thing it would be to leave her in that strange city alone and so very ill. "If it wasn't for John I'd stay," she murmured to hersolf, with a troubled face; "but I've only him in all the world, and I just can't let him go without me." And the faithful creature was much distressed by her desire to act tho part of the good Samaritan to the fair young invalid, while her strong affec tion for her husband could not endure a long separation from him. Arley clung to her almost in terror upon learning how fruitless her errand had been. " What shall I do? How can I bear to let you leave me?" she eried, in de spair. "I can trust you — yon are good and kind, I know, by your face, while I feel as if I was in a den of thieves. I believe I shall 6urely die if I am left here alone." She became so excited that Jane grew ' alarmed, but she had _ not one word of comfort to offer, for it was 111- deed a hard case, and she could only gather her in her arms and try to soothe her' as she would have soothed a child.' \- The doctor came in during this scene and shook his h.ead with great displeasure ' as he saw the condition which Ins ratient was in, and he jab bered as fast as his tongue could fly, while of course neither of his hearers could uuderstand a word that he said. At length, as if inspired by some happy thought-. Arley raised her head from Jane Collins' shoulder and ad dressed him in French. To her delight he responded at once and with a very good accent, and1 the look of care and misery began to fade out somewhat from her face. If she could make herself under stood her situation would not be quite so uncomfortable, and when she ex plained it to Jane she also looked much relieved \- Alley told the doctor that her kind friend would bo obliged to leave her in a day or two, and that they were, both much troubled on account of the sep aration. . , But he spoke very kindly, telling. net not t-o be troubled ; be would make bei his special charge, and she should have every caro that she needed, ana it was not long before he had the satisfaction of seeing her sink baok upon her pillow with a sigh of relief and . an actual smile — though a tremulous one — on her lips, at' his assurance. !To he continued.) 