MflSPITAI. WITH THE *¥,S.W.. ARM MEDICAL CORPS. THE SECOND CONTINGENT. THE KOOKABURRA'S DEBUT. FIGHTING ENTERIC FEVER. ^(From. Our Correspondent.) -!Base Hospital, Sterkstroom (S.A.), Maxell 13. Mqp^ HERE is just time to sit ^^fr^^'- flpwn and give you some M ' idea as to what the Sec §8 ? ' ond Contingent of the «§ N.S.W. A.M.C. are doing, v gES** JH : aad where they are — that ,«5fS]r *~4 is to say, a small portion. .^§L*JJ ' ? ^-' ' ~^e arrived at East Lon VTJfVs^j^l^ don on Wednesday, Feb mA EhJjvr ruary 20, disembarked, fim^F ?$¥=£%* ' aXi^ marcne3 up to the' H ^AgtcdfA? Town Hall, amidst great H^Jrjj%^J^t . enthusiasm along the ^&?s^v&&': streets, flags flying of jBRv^ »& ? a11 sorts; even the Aus-* jSsmw ? Y^ . tralian flag; banners wjlj 1 ' waving, and streamers «XI| .1 - stretching across the J ?fl» - \ streets on which mottoes ' \- were nainted. such as ??Welcome Australia,' 'East London Welcomes Her Australian Cousins,' 'Good Little Second Australian Contingent,' -'Bravo, N.S. Wales,' and many others. On arrival at the Town Hall, .which, byVthe way, is a very- handsome one, oh a, par with the Paddingfbn Town Hall, 'we were re^ ceived by about' 2500 ladies and gentlemen, includ ing the Mayor, town 'clerk, and other members ©f the municipal and local bodies, and as we had marched about two miles and a half up a terribly steep hill, amidst red, sandy dust and the inevit able mosquito, we 'were in full marching order. At the Town Hall our eyes were gladdened with the Eight of. long tables, simply bending under the loads of good things prepared for the 'boys of Australia.' . After an hour's speechifying, the whole crowd sang 'Gtad Save the Queen,' and then on avalanche of ladies, girls, and men, both young, middle-aged, and otherwise, simply broke up the patient Second Contingent with cakes, pies, sand wiches, buns, bananas, pineapples, oranges, pears, apples, watermelons, and goodness knows what else. Then came the more valiant members of society with bottles of lager bier, Bass's ale, Guinness's stout, whisky, brandy, and 'Cape smoke,':' a curious spirit only introduced to show us what drinks are like in South Africa. Then we all fell in, and, strange to say, were marched to the courthouse and police .station, dismissad, and the gates locked, no one being allowed in or put Later on, we fell in, and marched down to the train, where we found most comfortable first and eecond class carriages. The boys were very much surprised to see the way in which beds could be unfolded from the back of the seats, and to make beds for six, an item that might be well copied by the N.S.W. Railway Commissioners. The good people of East London saw us off, amidst great cheering and band playing. They had put a large ?watermelon and six pineapples in each carriage, which were much appreciated by everyone. We arrived at Toise River about 5.30, and stopped for (breakfast, which -consisted of real good porridge, pork sausages, and ham and eggs, mutton chops, and coffee. About '8 o'clock- we made another start on our journey to the front. On the plat form of the station, where a considerable number of people had assembled to see 'the Australians,' we met a son of Inspector- General of Police Fosbery, of Sydney, dressed in the inevitable khaki; everyone wears it; even the softer portion of the community have taken to having their dresses made of it, their boots and stockings being of the same color. We soon after arrived at Ali wal Station, which is celebrated as being the place where the Kaffirs made their last great stand in their last rising, and the forts erectsd round the town are still standing. The railway station has four large stone fortresses, with rifle holes let in, so that even if a party of Boers had ventured near they would have met with a warm reception, We had dinner here, and a very good one it was — our first dinner in South Africa, and it was served up in similar style to an ordinary dinner that one could get at a railway station in jSear old Sunny New South Wales. We were told lhadt the people of. Queenstown had 'preparedTsame kind of reception for us, and on we went, arriv ing there about 4 p.m. All the townspeople lad turned out; with flags, bands, etc., to meet us: We were now treated to our first view of the ''gay and festive Boer.' Several were amongst the crowd, waiting to meet us. They somewhat re semble the 'Cornstalks' from the Hawkesbury district, tall, well set-up men, with lightish brown hair and beards, usually dressed in black, wirt a white shirt and collar, also the now well-known giey Boer slouch hat. The company detrained, and fell in a double line, and ladies walked up an5 down distributing tea, coffee, lemonaie. sand wiches,- grapes, pears,, pineapples, and cigarettes, the last being specially welcome. As the train steamed out, three hearty cheers were g'vea by our boys for the kind people of Queenstovn. We now began to get a glimpse of the kind of Country that the wily Boer likes— wid3-;-pread;Tig plains hemmed in -with high, Tugged mouEtariis and rocks, tier after tier of broken rocks rising up at various points, making fine cover for arroed rebels or Boers, as the case migut be. As the train steamed along many varied expressions of amazement were made at the toTtuous lonte taken by the- train to escape tunnelling, come of the curves were very acute, so much so that the engine was plainly visible by all in the train. We travelled at the rate of about 28 miles per hour, stopping now and again to take in wa ter. We eteamed through a cloud of enormous locusts, which simply flew in clouds, darkening the sun's rays. Millions and millions of the chirping khaki-colored destroyers flew up and round and in the carriage ?windows, and many a locust found imprisonment in a ''soldier's' match box, to be sent back to Australia as a curio. We arrived at Sterkstroom, the point of disem barkation, whe^e the base camp was, and were met by the Teal Tommy. There they were in thousands, drawn up in companies, squads, groups, and all ready to welcome their Australian, cousins, who had come so far. to help the sick and wounded. We; were marched from the station to the 'soldiers' friends' large marquee, and were addressed by the English army chaplain, who in troduced the general in command, in the absence of General Gatacre, who was buey at .Stormberg, the scene of the -reverse of December 10. The tables were laid out in true -'Tommy1' fashion — Ihuge plates of thick bread and butter, cheese, jam. and large raw tomatoes/ The 'boys' fell to, and after a few more remarks :from gentlemen in khaki, and whose bri^a^s vwiere ' covered right across with parti-colored medal ? ribbons, we marched away to the enlivening strains ef the fine regimental brass .tend, .iwhich preceded us, playing 'Soldiers of the-. Queen,' s- 'The British Grenadiers,' 'Sons of the Sea;' and various other lively tunes. ; ?.'?-- . .?? There were about 8000 men of all arms of the- service camped, waiting ,£or more reinforcementa before attacking General Olivier and; his follow ers at Stormberg, whictisis aTK)ut'27'v miles or so away. It was nearly midnight, before- the tired N. S. Wales men got to bed, iired out with pitch ing our tento, watering houses, and mounting a guard, and no sooner did -it seem we had lain down than the inevitable ''reveille'* sounded, call ing us once more to our feet. - Then started hard work — coats off, sleeves rolled up, -and every one f ronr the genial Major Eames, , who is a great fa vorite with all, to the lowest private, was hard at work getting things shipshape for General - Gat acre's visit on Sunday afternoon. , There is one member of the contingent I have forgotten !? men tion, who created a great sensation in the camp, as he sat on a dry log by iheVkitehen' fire, and | simply burst into peals of laughter, which rose higher and higher,, till the whole camp rung with the guttural laugh of the kookaburra, or laughing jackaas, owned by Corporal 'Sandy' Wilson. The Rontgen Ray operator was offered in my presence £10 in gold, and not Kruger gold either, for him, but ihe is the pet of the A.M. Corps, and no money could buy him, and his cheery laugh recalls many happy . memories of Australia. Right cut in front of our camp, which looked very imposing with the tall flagstaff, from which hung suspended ±he pure white flag, with tha Red Cross of Mercy and Help to all, and at night a red and white lamp threw a light out. into the dense gloom of the veldt. . In a day or two everything was shipshape, the colonel, or as he is known by one and all, the 'big-up,' evidently from the rotundity of liis figure, soon 'licking' all of the second contingent into first-class order, ably assisted by Staff-sergeant Ebbling, a real first-class man, who travels. as general factotum with Colonel 'Bill' Williams,, who has been ap pointed as colonel in cbkrge of all the Australian and New Zealand Medical Corps out here. Quar ter-master Sergeant Howejh looKs after: the com-' mi&sariat; department. , Last Monday week, our little family of 93 was broken up, 12 of us being picked out to take charge of the base hospital, which is. situated at the foot ;of a high mountain in the centre almost of the town. At the time ot writing. these lines, I am sitting by the side of a man dying of enteric fever, which is very preva- , lent amongst all the. regiments. It is now 2.15 in . the morning of March 12, and the air is very cold and frbsty, although the heat to-day w-isover lOOdeg.-in the shad^.' Three large thick pairs of blankets. :axe lover every patient, of which there ?are now 156)' and every minute we are expecting a train down from Stormberg and Burghersdorp with more vsick. There have been 23 deaths from 'enteric fever since the beginning/of January, and :mbre ar« likely to'occur. ? It is a curious fact, that i there . has been only one caee in 15 years here until the camp was formed. We have comman [ deered the church Wrday and have 26 men lying on' the floor. There are three large tin buildings, built by the Royal Engineers, each holding from 16 to 20 Mien, .11^ large marquees or oval shaped . tente, holding at present from 7 to 15 men. The local schoolroom also is turned into a fever ward, and contains 38. Our men here, whose names 'will' be of interest to friands in Sydney, comprise:' Sergeant 'Tom' Sullivan (in charge), Sergeant compounder Loney, Corporal Watts (acting quar ter-maeter), Corporal Brears (clerk to Colonel Yandeleur Kelly, in command), Dodd, Hale, Neish; Burns, Hartnett, Eaves (servant to Colonel V. ? Kelly), F. Paula (cook to the officers), and I H. Carew Reynell, and we are most; ably assisted j and the poor eick Tommies carefAilly watched and attended to by Superintendent Sister Gould, from Sydney, who is loved by all. f So are Sisters Johnson, Newton, Frater, from. Sidney; also Sis ters Neely (from the Buenos Ayres Royal Hospi tal, specially sent out); Lewis (who is a natjve of these parts); and Chaff ey (an English nurse, :Of experience). The doctors, / who are „ all thoroughly experienced and we'il-tried men, com prise: Captain Guillamard, Ta,Mor-Brown, Major Harris, and our respected Colonel Vandeleur Kelly. Our sisters have mane themselves very popular with all, and as oiir number of pa tients are increasing so fast,/ we are expecting more of. our sisters, who re-mamed at the hospi tal in London ; ? also, 35 ext jra men, to help us to our really arduous and -flangerous duties. It is a very bad) sight, indee'fl, especially at night, to go through the tents and/ wards, to see so many fine specimens of the British soldiers lying tose ing, delirious and utterly telpless, in the agonies of this deadly disease. :/n one bed you will see a small, closely- cropped 'ioy of 17, a drummer or bugler, whilst next to Mm lies a tall artillery man or a scout, all muttering and talking in rambling sentences, ccmcocted in their aching, dried-up brains;. -and tlere andi there lies one round whose bed the faibal black- screen is drawn, foretelling to all that tke end of the campaign to him is gradually drawing near. At/ night the J scene is more solemn and heartreuding. The groans and mutterings seem much worse, and, ! by the pale yellow light of the candl-i in the Ian- ) tern, many a. white haggard face snows up from the pillows so altered by agony bju'I waste that many- a mother would not recognise the son that kissed her good-bye only a fev/ months back. Everything is done that can be /d£ne on a cam paign, and the doctors and surjj/»ons are ready day and night to come to a pafoent if called up on. A gentle, dark-eyed littio sister named ? Newton flits round with her l/iatern from ward j ?to hut and tent, . silently sweeping up the dimly- ' lighted room, or pushing her .way through the ! dew-laden folds of the. tents; ^h'er smoothly-cool hand ever ready to .brush, bad; the tangled hair ! off a burning, throbbing 'for/ahead. She is al ,;ways on duty at night, aj'i^ her work is very trying. and arduous, as all np-dicines are given by , her, temperatures taken anrf entered in a book for the inspection of the d/xitors next morning. I do not know really what /v^e should do without [ our nurses. Our corps lisa gained great credit for the eflicient manner in which all the men have carried out their very hard and extremely disagreeable- duties. The h'oure are svery long, being from 5.30 a.m. to 7 a.m. the next morning. I ?without any sleep or rest. Every man does duty \ from 5.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. the same day, and every j third- day comes the 25%-hour duty. The only j thing that is rather peculiar is that, though we | are amidst the awful conditions attending this j disease, ' inhaling poisonous gases night and day, j on our feet from morning till night, not one drop ! of stimulant of any kind is served out, and I I fcave seen some of the men actually ready to faint from exhaustion. A few days ago one of the bravest men who ever trod the arid, sandy veldt of S. Africa, was killed while trying to steal up and spike the big gun known es 'Long Tom,' mounted by the Boers in the magnificent fortifications built by the Royal ^Engineers on the top of the inaccessible mountain at Stormberg, Captain Montmorency, the head of a magnificent body of picked scouts. He was shot in seven places, and died imme diately. His servant Byrnes, whose life he saved at Omdurman in the last campaign, for which be received the much-coveted V.C., was near him, and escaped unhurt. He also received the V.C. on the same day for a deed of great bravery.. - He is eimply broken-hearted, and will not be consoled. Captain Montmorency 's body waa recovered by him and brought to Molteno, and buried with all the honors possible, General Gat acre at the grave saying that 'There lies the bra vest man in the British Army.' There are hun dreds of stories of this gallant man, of which I ?will relate some at a future date.' Up in the little . graveyard here, where some time ? back some cowardly Boers deliberately fired a shell when the funeral of a soldier wounded at the bat tle of - Stormberg was taking place^ — the hole is still to be seen where the shell Etruck — there ly ing asleep for ever, in two long rows, rest 27 men who have died for England. One, Colonel Eager, of the Royal Irish Rifles, wounded mor tally at Stormberg, captured by the Boers, and exchanged1 for General Pretorious, died on the way to, the hospital here. Next to him lies Cap tain England, of the Royal Scots, and another officer. Every grave has a wooden cross made by the hands of comrades, some since kill ed at Dordrecht, Cyphergat, and Birds River. One' feature of the camp here is the armored train, which is known as the 'Ghost' by the Boers, «s it flits here and there, and they cannot understand it. It is a very fine piece of work, made in Capetown, and has done excellent service. Amongst the 'Tom- mies' it is known as 'Gosset's wife,' as Captain Gosset, of the R.I.R., is in charge, and fairly wor ships it. General Gatacre often does reconnoitr ing work on it, and many hairbreadth escapes have the twenty-eight men who man it had, as the Boers have shelled it repeatedly. I have a part of k shrapnel shell which burst all over it. There is one deep mark on the side where it was struck. We heard' to- day that a small party of our etretcher-bearer company has been attached to the Royal Aryilery, and proceeded direct to the scene of the next fight My luck, arid all of ours, to be out of it; but we all hope to see and hear a volley fired in the campaign before it closes. The whistle of the sick .train .has just . blown, and we have got to go up to the station, about a. mile away, to bring down some sick men. The cry is still, they come! . ? ; 'Silence in. the^ court: room!'; shouted a police magistrate. .?v*'THe court has already committed four prisoners without being able to Hear a word of the testimony.' .,'..' Pedestrian: Don't you hear your mother calling you?. Tommy Tuffley: Yes. Pedestrian: Well, why do you not answer? Tommy: '*Caiise it ain't .Pa.,-- , ?- i BOERS SNIPING AT THE MILITARY B.A.LLOON' FROM THEIR TRENCHES, PAARDEBERG DRIFT. POM-POM GUN CAPTURED FROM GENf||fiAJL CRONJE AT PAARDEBERG. j V (From b Photo, snpplied ijjQ^ Special War Artiflt) , ' 