| A LOST LOVE, I -OR— I A BLIGHTED LIFE. ?** ? *— — ?* ? IN THREE PARTS. PAJIT I. f p* OME down and spend Christmas I with us at Rutherford. Little W Muriel and I are alone, and the sight of you will do me a world of good ! So come as soon as you can, and shake hands with your old friend once more for the sake of ' auld lang syne.' 'H. RCTEEBFOBD.' Colonel Lepton laid down the letter, walked to the window, and stood there staring out at the London fog and drizzle. He was an aristocratic-looting man of five-and-thirty, tall and slight, with a fine soldierly Hearing,, *nd a reBtless look in his deep-set dark eyes' which contrasted strongly' with the otherwise weary and worn expression of his singularly bandsome facie. He lingered at the window for some time thinking. Since landing in England two months before, he had declined many such invitations as that which he had just read. He did not wish to see any one ; he only wanted to creep away and hide himself. But he had already begun to feel the unspeakable dreariness of solitude in London at Christmas- time, and, worse still, the ghost from which he had fled steadfastly refused to be laid. Besides, the invitation was different from the rest. What should, he do P The next day found him speeding from London on his way to Rutherford Manor. As he neared his destination, every turn of the road became familiar to him; it was almost like coming home. The lodge-Veeper— a good deal bent ? knnf tho eliniilnors nnw — knew him at once; the lodge-keeper's daughter, grown from a child in frocks into a slim maiden of eighteen, recognised him with a smile and curtsey. \- The old butler was respectfully de Lighted to see him, and expressed his regret that Sir Harry had been detained at the Home Farm and consequently had not come in yet. But Miss Muriel had returned, and was at present in the library. ^ . After leading the way to it, the old servant announced 'Colonel Lepton,' and then closed the door as noiselessly as he -had opened it. No one came forward to greet the visitor, and to all appearance the room was empty. The twilight of the short December afternoon had given place to the light of the burning logs piled up in the wide old-fashioned fire place, and the leaping flames lit up the oak-panelled walls, the quaintly-carved furniture and rich crimson hangings. As Colonel Lepton stood in the silent well-remembered room, old memories, but not painful ones, were busy in his brain. 'This is home,' he said to himself, ' or as near home as I am ever likely to be.' He advanced within range of the genial warmth of the fire, and, as he did so, his eyes fell upon the motionless figure of a young girl resting in a great deep easy-chair by the . hearth. So motionless was ehe that some seconds passed before he could satisfy himself that she was only asleep. The fol'd8 of a dark riding habit outlined the slight graceful form; her head was lying back on the velvet cushions, and one small -white band hung listlessly over the arm of the chair. She had one of thB -sweetest mouths imaginable, and long dark lashes rested on the delicate cheeks, fiiding-hat and Rlovei lay on the floor at her feet. . ? What a lovely child! Who is she?' was Colonel Lepton's first thought. Then suddenly — ' Why, this 'must be boot Walter* little girl grown into a \- F* young lady 1 Sir Harry spoke of her ; but somehow I expected to see a mere child ; yet it is nearly twenty years since Walter was married. What an old fogy I ami Can this really be ' Little Muriel,' my poor old school fellow's orphan child?' is the young lady showed no signs of waking, Colonel Lepton, a little amused at the situation, drew a chair to the fire and sat down to wait. Presently the white eyelids unclosed. For a second or two the girl merely contemplated the Colonel quietly ; then, with a delightful tragic start, she rose to her feet. 1 1 am afraid I have been asleep ! Dear me, why didn't somebody rouse me? Oh, I am so so.rry !' 1 Not on my account, I hope,' said Colonel Lepton, who had risen from his chair. ' And after galloping all the way from the Home Farm on purpose to be in time ! It is really too bad I Have you been here long V ' Not very long,' replied the Colonel, smiling at her dismay. 'And there is really nothing to be sorry about. -But I ought to introduce myself.' : 'Oh, no— we Lave been expecting you !' she said frankly, holding out her hand to him. : 'But this is only half the business,' he said, as he took the little hand in his. ? ' Oh ' — with a toss of her golden head — 'if grandpapa did not think it worth while to mention my existence ? ' 'Ah, now I know! You are Muriel Rutherford ; we do not want any formal introduction.' 'No, indeed; I have often heard grandpapa talk of you, though I do not remember ever having seen you before 1' 'Probably not, for I have been in India for the last twelve years. But. your grandfather and I are very old friends — have known each other all our lives.' 'Really 1 Do you know, I did not think you were quite so old as that — so old as grandpapa, I mean?' Ah, here he comes 1 What will he say when he bears how shockingly you have been entertained V The door opened, and in came Sir Harry Rutherford, a hale hearty old gentleman, his kindly face beaming with pleasure. He took in a welcoming clasp the band of Colin Lepton, who had been the schoolfellow-arid friend of bis only son, now lying in an Afghan grave, and ?whom in old days he had looked upon almost as a second son. The hand shake expressed more than words could have done, for both men had known sorrow since their last meeting. Following closely on Sir Harry came the servants with lights and tea. ' Now, puss,' said the Baronet to his granddaughter, ' come and do your duty with the tea-pot ! And, Colin, my boy, bring up your chair close to the fire, and tell us what you think of England alter twelve years absence. Sir Harry gave no opportunity for compliance with his last request, and, as Colin Lepton drank his tea and listened to the old gentleman's flow of talk, he had plenty of time to observe Muriel presiding over her dainty tea table. He thought he had never seen a lovelier girl than she, with her fair face and deep soft hazel eyes. They sat chatting over the fire until it was time to dress for dinner, end then Muriel retired, leaving the two men alone together for the first time. They were standing facing each other before the fire, and Sir Harry, laying his hand affectionately upon Colonel Lepton's arm, said — ' It is like old times to see you here again, Colin ! You mustn't throw me over for noor Walter's lake. What chums you two were 1 If I could only have seen you together again 1' 1 Strange,' returned the other bitterly, ' that he who had so much to live for should hare found the death which I, Heaven knows ? ' He broke off, as if fearing to give way to the sudden emotion which had disturbed his habitual calm. There was silence for several seconds, and then Sir Harry asked — 1 Have you heard of her?' ' She is dead,' replied Colonel Xiepton, his face very pale, but his voice perfectly steady. I Dear, dear t' said Sir Harry, deeply moved.. ' Poor Constance ! But you were reconciled first, Colin? You forgave herV I 1 never saw her again.' ' But in yonr heart you have forgiven her?' Colonel Lepton was silent ; his eyes grew sterner, the lines about his mouth harder. ' You do nob nurse your anger against the dead ?' exclaimed Sir Harry. ' Death cannot undo tlie past,' ctane the answer, in low distinct syllables: . 1 Colin, Colin, you are changed — terribly changed I' said Sir Harry, not attempting to concert' ihe horror he felt. ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ' I hope, Colonel Lepton, yon do not expect to find it all play and no work in the country, for I warn . you that I am going to be desperately busy; and I have been thinking that perhaps you would be so very kind ? ' And Muriel finished her sentence with a playfully beseeching glance. She waa looking prettier than ever in her simple dark morning-dress, seated at the head of the breakfast- table. . ' , ' For shame, Muriel 1' (aid Sir Harry laughingly. ' This is too badi She is going to have the . school-children here for a tea-fight,' he explained to Colonel Lepton. ' and is rigging up a Christmas tree for the youngsters. You mustn't let her victimise you.1 ' I am not in the least alarmed,' replied the colonel, with a pleasant smile at his ' young hostess. ' We all know the I terrible consequences of idle hands, so I shall be very grateful if Miss Rutherford will find some employment for me. But you must make allowances for inexperi ence.' ' Thank you ; I am sure you will be of great use 1 I have been reckoning on you. I: have never bad any one to help me before except Keith.' ' It is not at all in Lepton's line,' ex postulated Sir Harry. 'that remains to be proved,' said the Colonel. 'And pray who is your aide; de-camp Keith ?' \ ' What— have you forgotten the Max wells V said Sir Harry. Old Maxwell | died last year, and, as his 80s was just | of age, he came into the property at once. He is living at the Hall with his mother. And here comes the lad to answer for himself; he is over here most dayB.' A' quick footstep crossed the hall, and the door '.opened to admit a tall broad shouldered young man with a good looking hVnest boyish face, who came into the room with an air of being thoroughly at home there. ' That is too bad,' he said, having caught Sir Harry's last words. ' You know I am never over here' except when I want your valuable advice on crops, stock, and other matters. How do yon do, Colonel Lepton ? I was bo impatient to meet you again that I came away without my breakfast; but I see you have forgotten me altogether,' 'And no wonder,' replied the Colonel, laughing and responding to the young man s Uearty greeting witb equal hearti ness, ' if you are indeed little Keith Maxwell, who could only just hold a gun when I saw him last.' ' ' Little Keith,' indeed !' Muriel put in saucily. ' A very fine little boy ! Now, sir, sit down and let Colonel Lepton finish his breakfast. You know what is expected of you, to-day.' ' I'm game for anything if you feed me first,' replied the young man, sitting down to the breakfast table with an appetite produced by a lix-mile gallop in the early morning. After breakfast, Muriel and her two assisiants wenl to work ; and the three became very friendly over their simple occupation. They decorated the ser vants'-hall with evergreens and wax candles and, after luncheon, arranged the Christmas-tree. The preparations completed and the little guests arrived, Colonel Lepton, who insisted on remaining as a spectator of the proceedings, watched with ever increasing pleasure Muriel's graceful Cgure flitting about among the happy children. He had been struck at first by the girl's beauty and grace of manner, now he could not but admire her brightness, thoughtfulnesE, and freedom trom sell consciousness. As tor JLeitn, he kept the children, who all knew and loved the young Squire from the Hall, in a perpetual roar of merriment from the beginning of the entertainment to the end. 'Well, what do you think of him ?' asked Muriel late in the evening, when Colonel Lepton was in the smoking- room with Sir Harry, and Keith still lingered in the drawing-room before starting on his homeward walk. 'Aregular brick!' was Keith's answer, given emphatically. ' He is very good-natured, if that is what you mean by 'a regular brick.' He was so nice with the children — not a bit bored with them ! But I was just a little afraid of him at first ; he looks so very grave sometimes— almost stern,' Muriel said meditatively. 'Oh, that's military !' returned Eeitb lightly. ' A soldier is nowhere if he can't look fierce. It wears off in time, though. Lepton hasn't half the swagger of little Oakes, who has had his com mission only three months.' 'He has no swagger at all,1 said Muriel, a little indignantly; 'on the contrary, he is very pleasant, and he has travelled much and seen a good deal of life.' ' Oh, any man can travel,1 returned Keith' somewhat testily, for Muriel's praises of the Colonel seemed to have no bounds ; ' one needn't be a soldier for tbetl I am thinking of running over to the Rockies myself this year.' \--.'The travelling itself will not make any difference,' said Muriel senten tionsly, ' if a man has not the sense to .profit by it.' 'Meaning that I have none,' said Keith, with a merry laugh. 'Thank you, madam ! it is evidently time tor me to take my leave. Good night 1 I didn't know you were so fond of the Army,' he added, in a pretended huff. ' Good night, Keith,' said Muriel, and the two parted— for that night. :To Be Continued. 