CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR CONVENTION. "THE DOOM OF BIGOTRY." "A CYCLONIC DISTURBANCE." Tlio Cliristiuu Endeavorcrs managed yesterday to get through a very full programme. The day commenced with early morning prayer meetings in local union centres. In tho afternoon, at the Y.M.C.A.-nall, there was first of all a praise service, led by Mrs. A. Sharp; half an hour later Bible study, directed by the Rev. Dr. Fordyce; this, in turn, being followed by a conference of committees, under tho ehainnansb.ip of the Rev. C. White (New castle), severul matters of interest being dis cussed. At half-past 5 tea was served to tho country delegates in the vestibule of tho Towu-h.all. The chair was taken by the Rev. J. Woodhouse, und the Rev. J. W. Eeadlcy discussed in a conver sational way tho methods of country work. In the evening a public meeting, immediately preceded by a choral service, was held in the Congregational Church, Pitt- strcct, tb,o Rev, J. Woodh.ouso presiding. Tho general subject of consideration was "ChristUm Endeavor; Its mission in the „t\venti- eth century." Tho Ilev. E. Crozier (Goulburn) addressed him self to tho question of "How to increase its power." If this work was to he effective, he said it would thave to bo based upon a profound convic tion of- divine truth, obtained by diligent and in telligent study of tho Bible — not in isolated, texts, but as a harmonious whole. But tho young peoplo saved must serve, and he urged, ns ono of the most potent methods of extending their power for good, tho personal dealing with the indivi dual. If only every Eudeavorer would resolve to win ono soul for Jesus Christ, what au accesstou of strength to their ranks there would be by next convention! (Applause.) "How to extend its spiritual unity" was die- 1 cussed by the Rev. W. M. Dill Mucky, who re garded Ibis drawing together of all denomina tions in sympathetic fellowship and oo-opera- tion for the common object of winning all this world for Christ as the dream of God's true children for tho last half century. And of all the auxiliaries of tho Church ho claimed that tlio Christian Endeavorcrs had dono more than any others to bring Uio denominations into line. (Applause.) Whilo much had been accomplished in tho past, It behoved them to seo not only that tho ground won was held, but that new ground was occupied, and in the 20th century the bonds of spiritual unity drawn clo ser and closer. There was a sharp distinction between unity nnd uniformity. Unity was de sirable, essential, obligatory; uniformity seemed impossiblo this side of tho millennium, perhaps even then undesirable. The mauy as pects of infinite truth could not all bo con templated from the name view-point. Had tho Church in tho past recognised this, tho world would havo been spared a history of disgrace ful crimes— all through attempting to forco man's conscience, which is God's citadel. (Ap- ! plause.) What had been the result of those at tempts even when most successful? They had produced the terror of silence, an unnatural ac quiescence, stagnation, ignorance, and spiritual | death. (Loud applause.) No church could bo j alive that had not tho word "liberty" written I nbovo it. (Renewed applause.) The worst j heresy was hatred. Lot bigotry bo not known I amongst Christian Endeavorcrs. (Loud ap- j plause.) Entrenched within its narrow sphere, | forLified behind anathemas and throatonings of perdition, arrogating to itself tho custody of tho keys of heaven, defaming the saints of God as of impure and criminal life, denying to all outside its own communion tho right to preach tho Gospel of tho Lord Josus Christ to sin ners — "notwithstanding all this, I tell you," said tho preacher, "it is doomed. (Loud ap plause.) By your charity, sanctity, and catho licity of spirit, refute the scurrilous lies which have heen hurled against the Church of God, and by your lifo show yourselves all that Christ would have you to bo." ((Loud and pro longed applause.) Tho Tlov. P. J. Stephen (Malt.le.nd) spoke of how tho work of tho union might bo mado moro aggres sive in Christianising oocloty. After alluding, to Uio "cyclonic disturbance which was about to break in tho Town-hall on Monday night next" — (laughter) — and regrotting ho could not bo in It — (moro laughter) — passed on to say that the great aim of tho Christian Endeavor organisation was tho creation and development of manly character in tho young. ("Heap, hear.") As tho great Amorican, Horace Greeley, had eaid, on his death bod, "Only ono thing endures- — character." In character lay tho solution of all tho social pro blems which now porplexod the wise of the world. (Applause.) Tlio power behind tho formation of character was the Holy Ghost. It was the unseen firo which alono could givo lifo and movomont; without, tho most perfect organisation was cold nud dead. Throughout tho length and breadth of tho Commonwealth they had now somo 50,000 young men and women wbo, within eoven years, would bo voters. What a farco that would ho to nsonll tlio fraud and humbug of political lifo. (Applause.) Tho complaint was that young Chris tians held aloof from polities. That was a grave mistake. To cast their votes for tho boot men was a sacred social duty. (Applause.) Finally, he would give to them this motto, "Organise, edu cate, agitato" — orgnniso so that their forco might bo cconomlsod and concentrated, educate so that thoy might strlko with steady aim; agitate, nover. rest, but pursuo through all tho dark byways of tbo social Mo. (Applause.) Tho convention inooUi agaiu to-day. 