Who Might if ave Been a Duchess, PUBLISHED SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT By MRS. H. H. PENROSE. , COPYRIGHT. HEBE is nothing 1 like an old school friendship. A bond exists, or should exist, for1 ever between women who have opened their hearts to each other as very young girls. I have always said so, and I proved my own , theory by the delight I experienced when I discovered that Adelaide Clarke was actually staying at Nswland Castle, where I had been invited to spend a week. I had not seen her for twenty years—and then my son Arthur was five years old, and Adelaide's little girl, was still wearing the long robes of early infancy. Now we were both widows, Arthur was the owner of Holmwood, where I lived, with him, and Adelaide's little Flora had passed through her second season in town. We had certainly corresponded at long intervals, but one can't be confidential on paper—at least I can't, for I never was much of a letter writer, and our lives had been so divergent that we had little in common to discuss so far as matters of general interest were concerned. I had remained more or less buried in the country in the beautiful ancestral homo to which my husband bad brought me as a bride, and my one thought in life was to watch over and guard the interests of my only son. Poor fellow! He had not much idea of guarding them himself. Adelaide, on the other hand, had lived a gay life, devoted to society, with a big S, and to the prospects of her daughter. Mr. Clarke, late and lamented, moderately, had made an immense fortune out of soap, or candles, or something equally useful, and Mrs. Clarke naturally entertained high ambitions on Flora's behalf. It was on the ground of our maternal anxieties that I felt sure we should meet most comfortably, and my expectation was a perfectly correct one. I had not talked for ten minntes to Adelaide before I observed in her manner the old well known signs that something lay on her mind which she longed to transfer to mine , bnt she dissembled, and asked me to tell her about Arthur, as if she wore really interested. And, although I knew sho was not half so anxious to hear as she pretended to be, and that sbo Was dying to get on to her own topic, I was totally unable to resist the maternal instinct which prompted me to talk unrestrainedly and at full length on tho subject of my son. I told her what a fine fellow he was—tall, handsome, and sweet-natured, and how he had distinguished himself at Oxford, and then I paused, not because I had come to the end of what I had to say, but because I felt a natural hesitation about throwing in qualifying clauses. I did not like to say, "He is all that, but at the same time he is a fool." Still, the desire to unburden ray mind was strong upon me, and I cast reserve aside. . " I have one great trouble about him," I said, ' "and that arises ham his visionary nature. He has taken up some extraordinary socialistic ideas, and he won't hear of marrying a lady—isn't it dreadful?" Adelaide's back stiffened with disapproval. " What sort of creature does he prefer?" she inquired, with an unworthy attempt at sarcasm. "A barmaid? A bullet-dancer ?" " You quite mistake me," I hastened to assure her. "He is not thinking of any woman in particular. He simply says that he feels it incumbent on him to marry a daughter of the people—in order that he may come to understand the people better, and he drawn closer to them. He wants to elevate the masses, or some nonsense of that sort, and he thinks that a wife chosen from among them would help him better than n lady would. " "You used an excellent word just now," said Adelaide. "He certainly speaks very simply. Any low creature he marries will think of nothing, but her own aggrandisement, she will he ashamed of her relations, and tear his eyes out if he insists on taking her among them." " That is exactly what I tell him, hut he attributes everything I say to prejudice and ignorance. An ! If I had only been blessed with a daughter, as you are, Adelaide! I don't mean to say that I would give up Arthur for anyone or anything in tho world ; but if he had been born a girl I might have been a much happier woman." Adelaide smiled, as if from a superior height of experience. "You don't know what. you are talking about," she said. She was always inclined to be brusque, but fortunately I do not mind that sort of thing so long as people are sympathetic at bottom. "There is no worry on the face of this earth to he compared with the worry that a daughter can make when she puts her mind to it. Would you believe it ? That wretched girl, Flora, has refused np loss than , ten offers since her eighteenth birthday. Four titled men were among her victims. I positively don't know what is to become of her. She is possessed by ah absurd notion that every man who asks her to marry him wants her money and not herself. The amount of personal devotion that girls expect nowadays is perfectly ridiculous. If a man treats a woman properly and gives her full liberty, what more does she want ?Can't she be satisfied to make a good bargain? If she has a chance of buying strawberry leaves, can't she buy them, and be thankful ? And I tell you, Flora actually has had such a chance. Isn't it heart-breaking?" Her eyes glistened angrily. It pained me to see Adelaide growing so hard aha worldly, but I made no remark on that because a brilliant idea had just occurred to me. " I should like to see Flora," I said. " Is she here with you ?" " Oh, yes, she is. And I think you'll admire her. I must say she's a wonderfully pretty girl, but obstinate. Good heavens ! A mule is a trifle compared with her. If you have any talk with her, Agnes dear, do try to put some sense into her silly head. She doesn't pay the smallest attention to anything I say. Perhaps she will listen to you." Just then Flora came into tho library, where we were sitting , and when her mother told her who I was she greeted me with the utmost sweetness. I felt drawn towards the girl at once, and I couldn't help hoping that she would take me into her confidence and give me a chance of making the suggestion which burned in my mind. I took every opportunity of cultivating her acquaintance, and before we had known each other three days she told me all her troubles. Plainly, Adelaido did not understand the girl. Her one desire was that Flora should make a brilliant marriage, exchanging riches for high position , and she made no more account of Flora's maiden yearnings and high ideals than I did of Arthur's deservedly despised, crack-brained theories. "Riches have blighted my life," the sweet girl said to me, with tears in her eyes. They were lovely eyes, much finer than Adelaide's, but perhaps they bad been inherited from the soap-boiling side of the family. "No ono longs more than I do for love and a more real home life than I have ever known ; but I am destined to miss the best things the world has to offer. I will never marry unless I can be sure that my husband loves me for myself alone ; and, with such a fortune as I am miserable enough to possess, how can I ever be sure of that ? Oh, Lady Trevor, you may well look sorry for me." I kissed her, and stroked her long, thin hands.. She was a most ethereal-looking creature, more like a beautiful ghost than a living, warm-blooded woman. Indeed, she had fretted-the flesh from her bones and the colour from her . cheeks over her imaginary troubles. "Why don't you go away somewhere, Where you are not known ?" I suggested, "and pass for a while as a poor girl? I should think yon would soon discover that there are some disinterested men in the world." "Mother would never hear of it," she said. " She could not play at being poor even for a week. She is a dear, ,but she does not understand—and she cares more than I do for wealth and all that it means. It would hardly be fair to ask her to give it up even for a short time—but in any case she wouldn't do it." . "Come and stay with me," I said. She turned suddenly and threw her arms round me. "Oh, you dear! You darling!" she cried. "Will you really have me? And will you keep quite dark about the odious money? "Will you tell all your friends that I'm a beggar, and that you 1 have me staying with you out of charity ?" "You may masquerade as my paid companion if you like," I said, "and we must make a solemn promise to each other to keep our plan a deed secret." "Certainly," she agreed. "There's no need to'toll mother a word about it. She can go and spend Christmas at one of the big houses she delights in, and I shall come to you with a stock of my oldest gowns. Won't it be lovely?" "That's all right," I said;' "and I, on my part, shan't give the very smallest hint even to Arthur." "Who is Arthur?" she asked, her face falling perceptibly. . "Only my son. I thought you knew. He's full of crazy ideas about socialism and things of that sort, but you must try to put up with him." "I love crazy ideas," she said, fervently. "But you will truly promise not to let him into onr secret?" "I simply wouldn't do it for anything," I assured her, and I saw that she was quite satisfied. Adelaido mndo no objection to letting her daughter spend Christmas with me, and when I left Newland Castle it was with Flora Clarke tucked safely under my wing. Arthur had been slumming or doing something equally impossible in London, but he had promised to come down to Holmwood the day after my return, and Flora and I busied ourselves giving the old place a seasonable look to welcome him. We decorated the hall and the great staircase with holly and ivy : and at last, when I was quite tired out, I went to lie down for half an hour, while Flora returned to the staircase with an armful of mistletoe, intending to put bunches over some of the solemn-looking family portraits. I checked myself on the point of telling her a story which, on second thoughts, I decided might make her feel nervous, and so left her happily employed in the deepening shadows of the short winter afternoon. It was while I was resting in my own room that Arthur arrived ; and not finding me in the drawing-room, he too went to his room, and we did not meet until tea-time, when Flora and I were again together. He buret in impetuously then, asking where I had hidden myself, and quite overlooking the small figure at the other side of tho fireplace. "Mother?" ho cried. "Oh, mother, what do you think has happened to me? ' I have seen the Mistletoe Lady. I always believed in her, but I have seen her now. She was there to welcome me ; but she was kind, for she did not come to meet me ; she turned and glided away into the shadows. I did not see her face." " It is a happy augury," I said, and I hope I did not smile too broadly. " But you haven't observed that we are not alone in the room. 'This is my son, Sir Arthur Trevor, Miss Clarke." "Who is the Mistletoe Lady?" Miss Clarke inquired. " I am deeply interested." "She is our family ghost,' ' Arthur explained, readily enough. " My great-great-grandmother fell on that staircase when she was decorating it with mistletoe for Christmas. She died the same night, and ever since she has, haunted the staircase. If an outsider sees her, it means nothing in particular, but if she appears to a member of the family—that is another matter." ' " Yes ?" said Flora, looking as deeply interested as she professed herself to be. " What does it mean then ?" "That is according to how she acts. If she advances to meet one, it means misfortune, if she turns away and vanishes immediately, it means that good things are in store for the seer. She came to meet my grandfather the evening before he was killed in the hunting field; and she appeared to one of my uncles, and turned away from him, just before he met his future wife, with whom he has lived a long and happy life." "How did you know it was she when you saw her just now ?" Flora asked ; ' and I half Arthur was holding Flora's hand. feared that she meant to destroy his illusion, but she had no such intention. " It was a misty, indiatinot figure," he said, with beautiful ingenuousness ; " but ' I saw plainly enough that she was carrying mistletoe." Flora did not pursue the subject, and as soon as we had had bur tea, she left us alone together. "Who is your visitor?" Arthur asked me at once. He had certainly been looking at her. " She is not exactly a visitor," I said, with a carefully assumed affectation of carelessness. I always thought I might have done something on the stage, aud Arthur was charming on unsuspicious. " She's only a girl who is going to live with me as companion for a time. A mere nobody, you understand. She comes of quite low people." I did not feel that I was telling a lie in saying this, because I had always considered that Adelaido had married beneath her, One is bound to consider candlemon and soap boilers rather low people, even when they glorify their trade by making a great deal of money. Arthur come and sat by me; and took my hand. I knew I was in for a lecture. "Dearest mother," be said, "I can't tell you how it pains me to hear you using this wretched, conventional phraseology. Why should a girl be a nobody merely because she can't tell who her grandfather was? And why should her people be called low if they were decent and respectable? Nothing is low but evil. Nothing is high but goodness." " Dear boy," I said, wearily, "don't make me ill. I have no doubt that if your respected grandmother—I mean your Trevor grandmother— were alive, she would allow you to instruct her in the best method of extracting nourishment from eggs, but you really must not expect me to be equally meek. You can't persuade me to consider Miss Clarke as our social equal, being, as she is, merely a daughter of. the people," I knew that phrase would not be lost on him ; "but so long as she remains under my roof you may, be sure she shall be treated with us irraoh courtesy and attention as if she were a princess." " That's my dear, good mother," said the goose of a boy, with delightful patronage. "Your theories are all wrong, but your practice is invariably right. Miss Clarke — isn't' that her name?—is a very refined- looking girl. I have often tried to impress on you how little birth matters ; but no doubt you will find this one striking example more convincing than twenty sermons." " No doubt at all," I agreed.. "How long aro you going' to stay with me, Arthur?" . "Well, I ought, to run back to town the day after to- morrow," ho said, and hesitated with a certain guilty look. "After all, there are only ten days more before Christmas ; I might as well cancel my engagements, and stay on. The chief thing is an address to a working-men's club, and -I know a fellow who will do that for me. Yes, I think I'll stay." "That's right," I said. "I like to see you remembering that you have to look after your mother as well as to look after the masses. I have much faith in tbe proverb that tells us ' Charity begins at home.' " Ho smiled indulgently, with n far-away look in his eyes. . He was thinking about that working man's club and the other fellow who was to take his place. He certainly had not the least idea that I could see even the eighth of an inch into his real reason for deciding to remain at Holmwood; At dinner that night he talked a great deal to Flora, who came down looking perfeotly " The end of all my high hopes! And she might have been a duchess!" lovely in a shockingly old-fashioned gown that she must have had lying by for nearly two years : and when we separated for the night I felt not the smallest doubt that kindred spirits had met. A good deal of mild gaiety was going qn in the neighbourhood, and us we received many invitations Flora had excellent opportunities for making her experiment. I insisted on her dressing properly, but I humoured her by letting the story go abroad that sho was my paid companion and desperately poor, and the consequence was that, although several men paid her attention, they did it in an entirely different way from that to which she had been accustomed. " You see," she said to me, coming back from a dance one night, " I was quite right. It was my money that counted, not myself. You do your very best to put me forward here among your friends, but they don't want me. The women are civil just for your sake, but I can see that they regard you' as an amiable lunatic because you insist on taking your companion about, and it is cold civility —cold enough to let me understand that it would come down to freezing, point if I were on my own hook, without you. The men are worse. They try to flirt with me, but not a bit like the men who wanted to marry me. There isn't one of them who wouldn't laugh at the idea of having serious intentions with regard to Lady Trevor's companion." I tried to look concerned, and no doubt I succeeded ; but I was really very well satisfied that matters should be as they were. There was one with whom Flora could not fail to contrast these, people, who certainly were not making so much of her as she had been accustomed to. Arthur had not come with us that night. He had a quantity of correspondence to get through, and as he did not care for dancing he preferred to devote the hours of the day to Flora, and the hours of the night to business. The friendship of these two eccentric young persons was progressing at an astonishing rate, and it seemed to me that before they had spent a week under the same roof they had become necessary to each other's existence. So for as Arthur was concerned it was a clear ease of love at first sight, and I could not doubt that Flora' was deeply touched by the one instance in which it was quite plain that she was valued solely on her own merits. The two had much in common. Flora took a genuine interest in Arthur's mad schemcsund theories, and never tired of hearing him talk about the masses and all he wanted to do for them ; and, indeed, Arthur never tired of talking. To put them at their case, I used to sleep a great deal on the evenings we spent at home, lying oh my favourite sofa at the right bond side of tho drawing-room fire, while they sat on low chairs on the left-hand side, and forgot that there was either another person or a clock in tho room. "We were thus disposed on Christmas Eve, and I confess that I snored a little—very softly, to give an air of realism to my repose. Tho shaded lamps wero a long way off, and under cover of the flickering firelight I ventyred to raise my eyelids ever so slightly. Arthur was holding Flora's hand. There wasn't n doubt of it. They were evidently going back on and rounding off some interview that had taken place before dinner. "I wish Lady Trevor knew," said Flora. " Are you sure she won't he dreadfully vexed and disappointed ?" Either she was a fool herself or she bad taken me for one. "Of course she won't," Arthur confidently assured her. I've never seen her take such a fancy to a girl as she seems to have taken to you. She'll be simply delighted. We'll tell her to- morrow—give her the news as a Christmas box, you know." Flora gave a long sigh. "At any rate," she said, "I hops yon won't be disappointed in me." '" My dearest, it's quite the other way about," Arthur babbled. " I don't believe I've, made the position half clear enough to you. To begin with, I'm an awful ass. I must be, because tho mater is always telling me so ; and she knows me pretty intimately. And, to continue. I'm not at all a rich man for my position." " Then why don't you marry money?" she asked maliciously. "You could do with hundreds of thousands in your various philanthropie sohemes. You're not a real socialist at all, you know, only a philanthropist, which is ever so muoh bettor." "I could do with millions, for the matter of that," he said. "But as for marrying for money—it has never occurred to me to do evil that good may come." "Well, now that we are engaged in poverty, I wish someone would leave me a big fortune. You wouldn't object to that, I suppose?" "Not in the least. But we can manage very well without it." "I should like to tell you something, Arthur." " You needn't, darling. I know it." " What is it that you know?" There was a deadly fear in her voioe. I knew that terror suddenly possessed her lest he should have heard of her fortune after all. "You want to tell me some stuff about your birth and your relations. ' . But you need not The mater told me all that I care to know tho evening I first met you. She told me that you wore a daughter of the pooplo, and I am better pleased that it should be so." I thought I heard a smothered exclamation, something like " Good Heavens!" from Flora, but I could not be sure. " In fact," Arthur' went on, "it has for years been my fixed intention not to marry a woman of my own social standing, and although I always maintain that birth makes a very slight difference, I don't think I ever quite, believed, until I knew you, that it makes none at all." I concluded that Flora must have been very much in 'love, or she would have seen the humour of it and boxed his cars. As it was, she allowed him to play King Cophetua to his heart's content ; and, well pleased as I was with the turn things had taken, I nevertheless felt so disgusted by that poor boy'a fatuous behaviour, that I was obliged to wake, up ostentatiously and put an end to the scene. Probably shyness overcame the young people next morning, for they told me nothing, and just as we were starting for church a telegram was handed to me. It ran: "Expect me at twelve o'clock. Adelaide Clarke.'' I bunded it without a word to Flora, aud when she had read it we stared blankly at ona another. Arthur stood by waiting for an explanation. "Miss Clarke's mother has jnst signified her intention of running down to see her this morning," I told him. "Consequently we can't go to church. We must stay at home to receive her." Somehow I felt sure that Adelaide had got a bee in her bonnet. It wasn't like her to come rushing down to a dull place like ours on Christmas Day, deserting, doubtless, some amusing house for the purpose. I knew that Flora had written more than once, telling hea that she was well and happy, and I wondered what else she wanted. Of course, I sent to meet her at the station, and then we all sat cosily in the library, and possessed onr souls in patience until she came. I rose to greet her with effusion, but the first glance showed me the light of battle in her eyes, and she barely acknowledged my introduction of Arthur, or returned her daughter's kiss. 'She chose a stiff chair, and sat stiffly on it. "I have come here," she said, in a voice that was intended to he terrible, "for explanations." She pronounced the last word very emphatically, and almost snorted as she looked round tho group of us, from one to the other, "A most extraordinary story has reached me, Agnes Trevor," she went on, the colour deepening in her face in a very unsightly manner. "I hear that you are passing off my daughter down here as your ' dame de compagnie,' and I should like to know what you paean by it." Arthur's face was wonderful. I could have laughed aloud at it, but a sense of propriety restrained me. " It was my own wish, mamma," said Flora, stoutly. "Lady Trevor has been more than kind to me. She has given me the opportunity I have longed for ever since I left the schoolroom— the opportunity of being received and judged on my own merits, with that hideous pile of gold left out of sight." Adelaide laughed disagreeably. "I am prepared to hear that the experiment had been a failure," she said, "And may I ask why was hot I informed of your intentions?" "I was sure you would tell people," said Flora candidly, "and the whole thing would have been spoilt if anyone had known except Lady Trevor and myself." " I presume you have made another exception —this gentleman?—I think someone called him Sir Arthur Trevor." No one had. But of course she knew perfectly. "On the contrary, " said Flora, "the secret was guarded from him with especial care." "Indeed!" said Adelaide. "Have I anyone's word but yours for this' astonishing fact?" " You have my word," said Arthur, "that I haven't the very faintest idea what you and Miss Clarke are talking about." "And mine," I said, "if you care for it." She looked for a moment as if she were not quite sure what to say next, and then burst out with, " I think both you, Agnes, and my daughter have taken a very great liberty with me." " Perhaps we have," I said, with a quietness which must have aggravated her considerably. "If you think so, i can only beg your pardon. But you must remember that you asked mo to exert my influence for Flora's good, and I thought I could best do so by letting her see this very small corner of the world from the point of view from which she desired to see it. I can't answer for the result of the experiment." ."But I can," said Flora. "I was quite right, mamma. The general run of people never valued mo for myself, it was only for my money. I have proved it here ; but I have met with the greatest possible compensation. I have found the one true heart in the world." She laid her hand in Arthur's as she spoke, and Adelaide sprang to her feet, but failed to utter an articulate sound. "He has asked me to marry him, believing me to be a pauper nobody." said the girl bravely, " and I think he is half sorry to find himself mistaken." "How long have you known of this— this engagement?" Adelaide turned to me, her face changing its hue rapidly from red to white, aud her eyes burning like live coals. "I am informed of it now for the first time," I said, quite truthfully. Then I think she lost all control over herself, and did not in the least know what she was saying. At all events, I wish to believe that she did not know, for I have always maintained that Adelaide was a wril-bred woman, even though she did marry a soap man. She sank limply into her chair, covered her face with her hands, and sobbed : " The end of all my high hopes ! A tuppenny-ha'penny baronet! And she might have been a duchess!" I heard Flora and Arthur talking later in the day on the great staircase. " After all," he said, "if it wasn't that you wanted to tell me last night, what was it?" "I wanted to lay a ghost," Flora answered. " Shall I do it? Shall I tell you ? It was I who was the Mistletao Lady. I heard you coming up the stairs that evening. I guessed who it was, and I ran away without waiting to look round." "Why did you run away ?" Arthur asked, and there was something" strange and new in tho tone of his voice ; it was the sound of an untried strength. "I don't know," she said. " I suppose it was because I didn't want to be caught posing in the midst of all that mistletoe." I went immediately from my coign of vantage, and heard no more ; but it was not difficult to imagine what, followed; aud I rested that Christmas night happy in the knowledge that Arthur had been saved from committing an unspeakable folly and making an irremediable hash of his prospects—all by the intervention of the Mistletoe Lady. 