C '_- ' « .'.!. . " +'JlïiïW. H; Gladstone1 was président' "ol ^Popf-the Eton Debating Society- aád; -according to one of his Schoolmates-who \- could hardly have realised the pun !he was perpetrating-was very popular in thatj capacity, He was a splendid speaker, a[,jorilliant fives player, and a very, useful cnpketer-in fact, he was really a good /aU-rpund man. The Prince of "Wales occasionallyiplayed cricket at Cambridge when he was there, buirthe only formal' match he ever took part in was bevween 1 Zingari and the Gentlemen of Norfolk, at Sandringham. The Prince went in first-and went out fijst, ,for cricket balls have not the least r^sppct. for royalty, and he was bowled first'ball. However, he was on the win- ning side, the Zingari. c- 'Lbtd1Jersey was a splendid runner" when hè was a boy, and won the mile at Eton in 1862. He was a good football player, but was delicate, and once at the College was so ill that1 his life was despaired of. tit;'.. ... ? ? . Thé Earl of Dudley must be one of the wealthiest noblemen in the kingdom. He owns,.about 26,000 acres, and his rent-roll is estimated at ¿123,000. But this by rio means represents the real-wealth of the Whards, for the Earl is a great mine owner and ironmaster in the Midlands. ' Lord Dudley has estates in Worcestershire, Staffordshire, Merionethshire; and Box "burgshire. The Queen .of the Netherlands has a decided fondness for pretty clothes. A large assortment of dress goods was sent "to1 the' palace the other «lay, and hpr mother proceeded to choose for the Queen some alpaca and plain, material ; bût Queen Wilhelmina flatly, ref hised to abide by the selection, and chose. figured silks and'brilliant dress materials, even'for morning* wear. She said that hçr^jloving parent 'inight make use of the plain ^stuffs if she liked them, but she wanted some- thing prettier. Nothing better illustrates the strength of the German Emperor's will' than "his persistent and successful pursuit of sport In' spite of physical disqualification'. Although his right arm is useless 'for shooting purposes, he shoots with such industry and success that he has . person- ally accounted for nearly 30,000 headrof game. His method of shooting is novel and, ingenious. When1 the ' quarry ÍB sighted, his attendant ' plants a wooden forked, support in the1 ground ; the Em- peror rests his gun on'this and'fires with his left hand, without appearing even to take, proper aim; Each day"s scsre isvcut wjth a knife'on the wooden support. ' MrA; Charles Neufeld, who for= twelve ^0aiMí^wa8 a prisoner of the Khalifa'at OmduUraan, had some very terrible ex pèfieîflces. One little amusement his capto»'8 indulged in wau'to blow their two gréatV, war-horns, made . from elephants'' tusksÄ right against his. ears,' nearly -driviiJftg him mad. Then he was led out to. ,»oe hanged ; but . he was reprieved at th'ejP last minute, and thrust into a prison soif densely packed that armfuls of lighted gjf ass had to be flung in by the gaolers, in '.orlder to make the unhappy prisoners gqlueeze still more tightly together. Jbr. Newman Hall says that when he wàÂB a very small boy his favourite book, wast the 'Pilgrim's Progress'-'Piggy Pogcto,'as he then called it. At nine he. starteV to smoke, and at the same age left »off smoficing for good, because of the, un plétóa^fteffects which dried cane cut into cigarette» had upon his 'internal economy.' -At ten.,h\ß, was sent to school, and was mun'eaiateiyNforced by his new friends to help a small b\oy fight a bigger one, with thé result that Hall had his jawbone put «lightly out of 'place, and felt the effects for many years afterwards. Dr. Hall must have had a good deal of "pluck when he was a ,youth. ' He finished np his college life with a knapsack tour, in (the Highlands with a friend. He naturally read up Sir Walter Scott before foing,and found in 'Marmion'that Michael cott,' the magician, was buried in the chancel of Melrose Abbey under a big \- stone, and that at one o'olock every morn- ing'^ he was supposed to rise from his grave, and prowl about. Hall's friend did not care about ghost-hunting, and stayed inched j but Newman Hall went to the old ' Abbey one night, locked himself in, and sat on the stone in the chancel, with a club in his hand, waiting for the appear . ance of the magician. Perhaps the ' latter was frightened of the club ; at all events, \- he did not appear. Beaders of Dr. George MacDonald's . books will readily believe that he took an . early interest in temperance questions. The power with whioh he describes the »evils of intemperance in 'The Fiddling SoUtar's Last Tune,' « Sir Gibbie,' etc., show that he has thought long and to .purpose on these matters. How true this is may be gathered from tie fact that, when in his last years at sthool, before > leaving his native village al the age of fourteen to attends AberdeenTJniversity, MacDonald was a pronounced advocate of temperance, and used to hold brth among his schoolmates at meetings which were originated and oarried on manly through ibis influence- with his clasB- fetbwB. If ' . ' . I 