personalities , Mr. W. H. Gladstone was president of ' Pop ' — tho Eton Debating Society— and, according to one of his schoolmates — who could hardly have realised the pun ho was perpetrating — was very popular in that capacity. Ho was a splondid speaker, a brilliant fives player, and a very useful cricketer — in fact, he was really a good ttU-LUUUU UiUll. The Prince of Wales occasionally played cricket at Cambridge when he was there, but tho only formal match ho ever took part in was. between 1 Zingari and tie Gentlemen of Norfolk, at Sandringliam. The Priuco went in first — and went out fitet, for crickot balls have not the least respect for royalty, and ho was bowled first ball. However, he was on the win ning side, the Zingari. Lord Jersey waB a splondid runner when he was a boy, and won the mile at Eton in 18G2. He was a good football player, but was delicate, and once at tho College was so ill that his life was despaired of. The Earl of Dudley must ho one of tho wealthiest noblemen in the kingdom. He owns about 2(5,000 acres, and liis rent-roll is estimated at .£123,000. But this by no means represents the1 real wealth of tho Wards, for the Eurl is a great mine owner and ironmaster in tho Midlands. Lord- Dudley has estates in Worcestershire, Staffordshire, Merionethshire, and Eox- burgshiro. Tho Queen of the Netherlands has a decided fondness for pretty clothes. A large assortmout of dress goods was sent to the palace the other day, and hor mother proceeded to choose for the Queen some alpaca and plain material; but Queen Wilhelmina flatly refused to abide by the selection, and chose figured silks and brilliant dress materials, even tor morning wear. She said that her loving ' parent might make use of the plain stuffs if she liked them, but she wanted some- ; ; thing prettier. Nothing better illustrates the strength of the German Emperor's will than his persistent and successful pursuit of sport in spite of physical disqualification. Although his right arm is useless tor shooting purposes,- he shoots with Buch" industry and success that be has person- ally accounted tor nearly du,uuu neaa oi game. His method of shooting is novel and ingenious. When tlie quarry is sighted, his attendant plants a wooden forked support in the ground ; the Em peror rests his gun on this and fires with his left hand, without appearing even to take proper aim. Eaoh day's score is cut with a knife on the wooden support. Mr. Charles Neufeld, who for twelve years was a prisoner of the Khalifa at Omdurman, had some very terrible ex- -perienceB. One little amusement his captors indulged in was to blow tlioir two great war-horns, made from elephants' tuskB, ' right against his ears, nearly driving him mad. Then he was led out to be hanged ; bnt he was reprieved at the last minute, and thrust into a prison so densely packed that armfuls of lighted grass had to fee filing in by the gaolers, in order to' make the unhappy prisoner squeeze still more tightly together. Dr. Newman Hall says that when lie was a very small boy his favourite boo; was the 'Pilgrim's Progress' — 'Piggy Pogey,' as he then called it. At nine he started to smoke, and at the same age left off smoking for good, bocanse of the un pleasant effects which dried cane cut into cigarettes bad upon his 'internal economy.' At ten he was sent to school, and was immediately forced by his new friends to help a small boy fight a bigger one, with the result that Hall had liis jawbono.put .. slightly out of place, and felt tho effects for many years afterwards. Dr. Hall must have had a good deal of pluck when he was a youth. He finished up his college life with a knapsack tour in the. Highlands with/a friend. Ho naturally read up .Sir Walter Scott beforo going, and found in 'Marmion' that Michael Scott, the magician, was . buried in tlie chancel of Melrose Abbey under a big Btone, and that at one o'clock every morn ing he was supposed to rise from liis grave, and prowl about. Hall'b friend did not caro about ghost- hunting, and stayed, in bed ; but Newman Hall went to the old Abbey one night, locked himself in, and sat on the stone in the .chancel,, with' a club in his hand, waiting/for the appear ance of the magician. Perhaps the .latter, , was frightened of the club-; at all .events, ho did-not appear. , .. Readers of Dr. George MacDonald's books will readily believe that he took- an \- early interest in temperance- -questions: i The power with which he described the evils of intemperance in ' The Fiddling : Soular's Last Tune/ Sir Gibbie/ etc., show that he has thought long-and to purpose on these matters. How true this is! may be gathered from the fact that, when in his last years at school, before leaving bis native village . at the age of fourteen to attends Aberdeen University, MacDonald was a pronounced advocate of temperance, and used to hold foith among1 his schoolmates at. 1 meetings1 whioh were originated' and carried on mainly through : : his influence with' his olass-fellows.' 