Fighting Near ColeBberg. New Zealanders' aotive. Mayor Sommera returned from the •orth to-day. The Adelaide ' Register ' shilling war fund has reaobed a total of over 81,000 shillings. Snnday, the 11th inttant, will be observed throughout New 8outh Wales as • day of special intercession by the nation for the troops in South Africa. Instructive war item from Kimberley: The Boer prisoners have materially improved in oondition since their capture, and are all looking fit and olsan. Tbey are wearing new outfits provided by Mr Rhodes. On New Tear's Eay the enemy inquired by heliograph from Oolenso :— « Why is Roberts coming 1 What has Bailer done ?' The answer returned to them by the same meane wee ' How did you like our lyddite in the late batde ?' The Boer signallers replied with the single word * Rats.' Thn Press Association's correspondent cabled from the Cape concerning the relief of Dundas by Colonial troops :— As I writ*, the ammunition is being burned. One of the most significant features of the whole affair is the relief of a small British village in the middle of the African veldt by fellow-British subjects fiom Australia and Canada. Mr Labouahere laving had bis atten tion called by one of the Northampton constituents to the statement published in Cape Town that be is in receipt of a salary from the Transvaal Government, writes :—' I hardly suppose that my most bitter political opponent believes the statement. If you or anyone else can prove before any sort of tribunal of decent men that the statement is true I will make a present to him of £1,000.' At the Alhambra Theatre, Brussels, last month, violent anti- English demon strations were taking place daily during the performance of a new play dealing with the Transvaal war, containing soenes in wbioh the British were every moment grossly insulted. There is no cenEorship in Belgium, lint Sir Franois Plunkett is said to have interfered, and as a matter of faet the British uniforms disappeared from the stage and tbe moat outrageous passages were ^oppressed. Here is a grim pioture from a private's letter:—' One of onr fellows was talk, ing to a parson who went over the battlefield of Blandslaagte a day after tbs fight. He says there were terrible sights, the most awfnl of which was.-* Boer sitting down quite naturally, with a bayonet clean through him and about sis inches of tbe muzzle of tbe rifle aB well, while tbe Tommy who had given tbe mighty thrust was lying down as if asleep, with a small bullet hole in hie forehead. The Boer was grasping the barrel of the rifle with both hands, and bis eyes were staring out straight in front of him with a horrified look in thetu, as if he had seen a ghost,' An Edinburgh telsgram says Lord Lovat has (as advised briefly by oable) secured a oorpB of 150 ^billies and stalkers from Highland estates, and will prooeed immediately for South Afrioa. .The Highlanders will all be mounted on their little ponies. It is expected that this corps will be of immense service. In tbe first plaoe, they are a very bardy, powerful body, used to long marches in their rooky Highlands, and while deadly shots their mobility will be great, the ponies being aooustomsd to pioking their way in all states of the weather through the glens and dspths of Highland forests. Conservative old New Haven, U.S., is soon to bave a twentieth century convenience tbat will make one of the dreams of Edward Bellamy a prabtioal realisation. In his famouB book entitled • Looking Backward' Bellamy describes great oo-operative kitchens from whioh whole oities are to be fed. New Haven will shortly have a big kitohen from whioh her residents may order their meals and havetbem sent piping hot to their homes all ready to be served. This, in brief, is the latest idea of Yankee invention, designed to solve the servant giil problem. 