[?] THE DAVEY -CASE. \- A MUSICAL FAUCE. THE MINISTER— A man in politics. Whatever his intentions. Should never, never mix In Dersonal lilfiRrn.inn:. Since critics all proclaim. His whole design is sinister; Oh, wasn't it a. beastly shame? Its rough upon a Minister. Chorus- Its rough, very rough; It's not good enough; Its rough upon a Minister. No more I'll, supervise The faithful lieges' morals; I find to my surprise It only leads to quarrels. No more an ear I'll lend To any friend's verbosity, The inevitable end \- Is personal animosity. Chorus— 'Twill only tend, When it comes to the end, To personal animosity. THE MAJOR-GENERAL— Iu ' the midst of alarms My companions in arms We must show a bold front to the foe When civilians endeavor To prove themselves clever Let us answer decidedly No. Chorus- Yes, we'll answer decidedly. "No"— no go ; It's not the least use, donclierknow. When civilians endeavor to prove them selves clever, Well,# they've not got the ghost of a show. When Ministers try To give us the go by »v u uiuei incct lucui ui uuv.3 nitu a su jet , Or the militant cult As a final result . Would undoubtedly soon disappear. Chorus- Yes, we'll chock them at once with a sneer — what cheer? We'll defeat them In flank and iu rear — hear, hear, Or the militant cult 'As t final result Will undoubtedly soon disappear. THE MAN IN THE STREET— I want to know the mystery attaching to the way That they sacked poor Private Davey at the barracks t'other day; I don't knew what tho trouble is or, how the row began. But It seems that Private Davey lias become a public man. The military officers in scarlet laced with gold Profess they only acted in the manner they were . told: While the Minister says— judging from the newspaper report — That ho'll take his affl- Davey it was nothing of the sort. So there's heaps of correspondence from the Army Commandant Suggesting that the Minister's the biggest cuss extant; ... Wliila/pugnaelous Mr Melville in his momen- tary'pique, , "Has tlie honor to inform him" that hes not devoid of cheek. My school hoy days, arc long since past, hut still my memory bears . Some youthful reminiscences of similar affairs. When brought to task our one excuse invari ably would be, "Oh, please, sir, 'twas the other boy, and please, sir,' 'twasn't me." And it seems as though the matter's just a trifle out of gear, . Who the author of the trouble is is not precisely But the 'all-Important subject that the public wants to know Is the simple little question— Where does Davey get a show? / — — "By jove," said the man in the St. Kilda train on Wednesday mornine, "By jove, what a splendid speech M'Lean delivered at the A.N. A. banquet at Geelong last night. Really he is surpassing himself." "Hum!" muttered the man in the comer. Tlie enthusiastic one went- on. " Tlie speech he delivered in -Parliament on the sending away of the contingent took the bun, but this beats all. ' "Are you. speaking of Mr M'Lean, tlie Premier?" asked the man in the corner. "Yes," answered tlie enthusiastic one. ."What M'Lean did you think I meant?" And then he proceeded to read the speech .from "that morning's . copy of the "Age," which .he. held in his. hand. He concluded : "May the gods grant thee long life for all other benefits you already have within your grasp. (Prolonged applause.) Now I cadi that a. really fine speech to deliver on the spur of the moment," and the enthusiastic one lit his cigar afresh. Then thf man in the corner growled out: "Yes! It is a lovely speech, if the Premier had only delivered it. But it so happens that he didn't dGiver any speech, because he wasn't In Geelong last night. " And he proceeded to prove his statement by an extract from another morning paper. A disagreement arose, a wager was made, and both men waited for "The Herald." Of course It was discovered that the sr ?ech was delivered all right, but it was not the Premier, but Sir Henry Wrixon, who made it; a trifling mistake, that's all. The "assemble" sounded on the Eury- alus, and a big bronzed bushman straight ened himself up and said "Good-bye" to the girl who was hanging on to him. He told her he would fight like a soldier, and lots of other things, and he had only an other minute in which to f?ll into line, in answer to the bugle summons. But he could not get away. Thaen he said : "That's all right, old girl, I won't get shot, .so don't be thinking of me lying dead and all those awful things," and then, as she saw that he must really go, she let ti.e cat out of the bag at last. "No, I wasn't thinking of that Jack; but promise me " "What shall I promise, old girl?" "Promise me you won't speak to one of those horrid nurses all the way to Souths Africa." And he promised, and bolted up the gangway. The bushman had travelled to town to 6ee the contingent off, and he strolled into one of the coffee palaces for dinner. He was used to eating whatever was set before him without question or demur. Accordingly, when the waitress showed him the menu card, and told him that the dishes for the meal were printed thereon, he commenced at the first item, and ordered each in turn until he had covered a quarter of the bill. He heaved a sigh as he saw the list was still a long one, and yet there were some items at tlie bottom of the card he was anxious to try. He called the waitress, and in a confidential manner, said, "Look here,, I've ate from there to there (pointing with his finger). Can I skip from here to here, and eat down to the bottom?" The members of the A.N.A. are now seriously engaged in debating the all im portant question of whether or not female branches of the. Association should be established. Apparently the young native yearns for the society of the fairer sex, and yet, by a curious paradox, wants to shut her up in a lodge by herself, where rude man would never be per mitted to intrude One revolutionist did, indeed, endeavor to put forward the sug gestion that the ladies should be admitted to the ordinary branches, because, as lie pointed out, it wouWyJifa'fiy-.tohkqlish the smoke nights wVsif -/ r'ej mer seems to have esalwNvith his his proposal was/ fiaturaUv enough, neetfy. tived. Another Sr>a|j:er7 7 ? the assertion thaV tjie\female figuresWrer& , deceptive The f etoaKii flgmhdedertd/ was nothing of the «(d, 1-aMj doubt that when ladieSHuaflflJJHed he will be prepared to prove his case. Pro- bably the "deceptive figures" may be set down as the reason of the opposition, es pecially since so many of . the members are adverse to any form of art union. Now ' that federation is accomplished, the Asso ciation should devote itself heart and soul to the cultivation of . the native com panion. There are more ways than one of kill ing a dog, and so there are of managing a woman. Johnson had had three boys, and had no voice in deciding what their names should be. His wife each time suggested a name he did not like, and , the more lie protest ed the more determined she was Then a daughter came, and he made a rpsoive. "We will call baby Araminta," said his wife one day; "I think it's such a pretty name." "So do I," aaid the hus band with apparent enthusiasm; "it's a ..lovely name.' It's the name of the girl I was nearly going to marry before I .knew you." Half an hour afterwards the wife thought the baby should be called Jane, after her mother. And Jane it was. The line between trades and professions has always been .finely drawn, but a wit ness in the Law Courts on Tuesday made confusion worse confounded. He said he was a butcher by trade and a cook by profession. There was a time when; the village barber called himself Professor Somebody, and we remember a man who proclaimed himself a "professor of chiro pody." He' stood in the gutter, dressed In a College gown and a cap, and sold corn plaster from a blacking-box on three legs. Probably, after all, it is only a matter of degree. The man who boils the billy in the contractors' camp will get LI a week, whilst the chef who superin tends the culinary arrangements at Mel bourne's "swellest" hotels will wear kid gloves and 'draw a thousand a year.- One will be a cook- by trade, and the other a cook by profession: — What are you, Bir? Speak up! Don't be afraid! And tlie answer was, "Excuse my retro gression; "I'm a butcher when I'm working at my trade,' "And a- cook when I'm engaged in my pro fession." ' The stofy has been oft repeated of the man who told the lady .that before he ' married her he had to confess to being a somnabulist. "Oh, I don't - mind that," was The answer; "we are Presbyterians ourselves, but ma and pa are not a bit harrow." It must have been a similar lady who raised a laugh in a St. ICllda drawing- room recently. - ' A pessimistic but .earnest -young lady said she was afraid that a wave of agnos- ticism was sweeping across the land, carrying all the young men away. The older lady said she quite believed that it would do so if people did not pay, more attention to the drains and help to kill the rats, instead of leaving it all to tvlp flnvprntyuant JOHN PEERYBINGLE. 