SORAPS AND GLEANINGS. [BC Coxus.] Dair it.--"tory." On Wedonesday night. From a dose of prussic acid. I am inclined to believe that the above piece of news will not be received with regret. That frolicsome Rory has intimidated many a person both male and female, and scores of times have I heard maledictione heaped on his head. He revelled in leaping up or, people on horseback, and it was rare fun for him to chase bicyclists, hut his escapade yesterday afternoon wlhen be mauled a local resident offa bike and otherwise damaged him, was the last etraw, and death sentence was at once passed. Our local chemrist mixed a '" sleeping draught" of " prus. sic acid" which itory relished with great-r gusto than when some naughty individuals enticed him into a quiet spot aod'administered " turps." But initead of in the latter case affording enjoyment to numerous of his victims, the acid did not operate the same way and he gave up the ghost, and it is now a case of "Rory No More." I do not know whether an epitaph has yet been framed, but I do know that during life he should have had affixed in a conspicuous place that well known warning-" Cave canem", and now a suitnable inscription would. be, in Dog Latin--lic jacel Bury, quis frustum &fullelf.; \+ x + + It has been for some tinie past a case of speeding the departing friend and "welcoming the new arrival. So many changes have been occurring in Maffra lately that it has been nothing less than a social maelstrom, out of which issues c honeyed words and phrases, and even t hoiling them down the residuum shows t that we must indeed be a lot of I wonders and jolly good fellows, if thosess departing oies are samples of the t oommunity. Of course when a man c is lerilng, those who are bidding hit I farewell are apt to only remember his t very heat qualities, but still the " oweetesing" is in many ways de served, as we have lost and are losing citizens whom we can ill dispense with. First of all the young fellows going to the war were a big loss, and it is to be t hIoped they will wend their way hack 9 again. Then Mr Allan is called upon to clhance hi. residence, antd now Dr h Bttake who feelingly recited "L'Envoi," i is placed in the same position as Mr e A;lan. Whilst regretting the depar. t tures we can solace ourselves that v ,hone who fill the gaps are good substi. n totes and capahle of bearitg a hand a in advancement of our town and die- w trict. As regards the lady membersof the departing, families, I must. not start on a list of their, good qualties, a else Mr Editor, yoti would consider me t taking a liberty in. appropriating so t mu-h space, suffice it to say that they P werea well beloved. u \+ . - +. + A little "surprise party " to Liberty Hall, the residence of the dauntless trio of Iachelors, caused some con. sternation, but one of them 'got wind of what was on, and after some tmusaeuvring got himself asked out to tea that evening. The remaining two f did the honors of the place, and finally t weit forth with the party to another I private residence where the evening 1 was spent in enjoyment. The absentc one, when he thought the party- would have "vamoosed the ranch" sneaked c home and thankfully saw that all the tights were out. He had, however, to crawl into his room by the window, as on going out he had very thougltfolly looked his door on the inside and and made his egress tlirough the win tlow, knowing' the enquiring turn of the feminine mind, and having many trophies that he did not wish brought under such public gaze, he wisely pre vented an inspection. A very amusing incident took place in the port of Geelong last week. The captain of the steamer Age, in honor of his niece's wedding that day, hoisted every scrap of hunting on his vessel. It was naturally surmised that some unusually joyous event had occurred, antd mosat people came to the conclusion that at last peace had been declared in South Africa. The masters of the tharques Brunel and Invercauld .fol lowed the example of Captain Brown. and decorated their vesselse with hunt. log without knowing why. In turn every craft in the the bay, even to the dredge, was given a fsetiee appearance, urnd the harbortmaster joined in the display by elevating strings of flags and the Union Jack above his office. The day was well advanced before the shipping people understood what all the fuss was about. \+ + + + Those soldier boys of ours are causing no end of consternation to the Defence Department of Victoria. Would you care to be tmvalided to England queries one of the command' ing oflicers in South Africa '' Of course the answer is a joyful affirmative, and off they go to the Motherland to rewt in the sights hitherto strange to them, asd participate in a nation's welcome to her colonial soldiers. Then ithere are numerous others joining the a soldier-police corps, and yet others who are lbeing tempted with a bait of free land if only thley will settle. Victoria Sand iho other colonies do not wish .to Slose the young manhlood who so eagerly volunteered for, servide in a foreign a country, and as little is it to cltheir a desire to pay for the jaunting of soldier n boys on tour. Communicatiotns have ' passed between thie military authorities Sto block this wholesale ,vandering, the Scolonies contoending that it was. only Sstipulated that tihe volunteers' would: go as far as Africa, and now it lioes not matter where they are, the pay has still to goon, hence the rub. Of course it is allowed that it would be a right and proper thing for a section of the polonial forces to.join in the monster procession of troops in London that will be held when the war is over, but it perplexes the Colonial Defence Departments when the free and easy colonial soldiers wander about the world at their own sweet will. Y- •=. -,i 