WITH NUMBER THREE. THE RED CLOAKED SISTERS. THE PRODUCT OF THE BATTLE. A COMPOSITE GATHERING. HOW SURGICAL CASES ARE HANDLED. BY RUDYARD' KIPLING No. II. Number Three fought her way inch by inch, and was met by a little knot of army sisters. In civilisation their uniform is hideous, but out here one sees the use of the square-out vermilion cape. Everything else is dust-coloured, so a man does not ask where a sister may be. She leaps to the eye across all the camp. "And where are our woundeD" asked Number Three << Still coming in from Paardeberg. They're being dressed. You'll got them later. Where are your spare doctors ?" We had come up with six surgeons taken from the big Wynberg and Rondebosch hospitals, where for months they had lived on a promise of work at the front They were not R.A.M.C. men, but house surgeons fresh from the home hospitals young, enthusiastic, and happy, though their baggage had been out down to the thirty-five pound sale, and they had not the ghost of a notion where they were going. They wore uncarted like stags on Modder platform, gazed awhile, met a man in authority, and were swiftly commandeered. Two or three doctors lay dead or wounded across the plains, and it was a hot press for the medical service. Half a mile across the plain, behind the graves of the Highland Brigade, lay the hospital tents, and thither loaded mule and ox waggons were heading. Like Number Three they had been at the work a weary while. There came no surprise or bewilderment, hardly over any pity to the onlooker, as the big Red Crosses lurched and pitched. This, said the waggons, is the custom with the wounded. Stricken men are gathered as soon as possible by the bearer companies, whose casualty list is a heavy one. TRANSITIONAL STAGES. They are dressed for the first time swiftly and efficiently. They are then put into the tilted waggons till they reach the hospital that send them to the rail. The rail takes the badly wounded to Capetown and the sea that had to NotlBy. This is the system, said the waggons, and hero was the system all asked to the glaring day. Three nights had the waggons been on the r undrained upon, thundered over, and tightened about jolted, and jerked, and jarred ; but the long and the short of it was that of eight hundred wounded the waggons had lost not one. Would the hospital take delivery, please, said the waggons, and they drew aside to rest for their cattle were very, very tired. As for Number Taroo i No, it would not be wise to visit Magersfontein. The train might be filled and sent away at any moment. There was an official ring about thin, and I was not the least surprised that we waited eleven hours-time to have gone, to Magersfontein and back on all fours. But I am glad I stayed by Number Three. It is early days to make that field of blood a show place, and one can collect shells on other boarders when peace comes again. The station was the centre of local society. The staff, including a German Prince, lived across the road in a battered caravanserai with scores of ponies tied to the verandah. The platform was banked with Red Cross cases, badly needed at Kimberley, and with mailbags badly needed by the men who came up, fingered them curiously, and slunk away. Business first mails later. The telegraph office was a small edition of De Aar hideously overworked. A knot of supper came up from the river, where they had been camping ballast under a new siding. Other sappers with " R.P.R," on their hats followed. These last were the details of the Railway Pioneers, skilled mechanicians, and the like, of Johannesburg and under the grease and the khaki one met, a host of a certain weird dinner given in the Gold Reef city two years ago. PRIVATES WITH VISITING CARDS. One gets used to privates with visiting cards, and it is perfectly natural to discuss bacteriology, West African exploration, and the ethics of publishing, the intricacies of the Bankruptcy Act, and the prospects of the labour party in South Australia with spurred troopers. So it was not disconcerting to meet men of the Chitral Siege,, once prisoners in the hands of O ni ra Khan, old schoolmates. Indian staff corps men doing duty as " tail twisters " in the transport, lost acquaintances of ten years ago, side by side with the fellow-passenger of three weeks ago, unrecognisable to-day under sunburn, hair, and dust. It was only an undress rehearsal for the Day of' Judgment. A detail of Army Service men on route for Kimberley spread themselves at case on their baggage, and chaffed a quartormaater-aergeant who had lost his sword, but by the regulations was miserably tied to the empty scabbard till he could return the thing to store. A knot of excited Life Guards demanded news of French's division. " Out since Sunday week and no news. We belong to 'me. We were sick. We want to re- join. Do you know where he is ?" A colonial suggested that cavalry divisions " in way suspend operations for a corporal of horse and two dozen troops. A gunner driver in a cart pored over a three days old Capo paper, for there is no news at the Modder. A man with a drawn face came out of no, where and told a story. His wife had died at home of influenza was dead and buried. Hij people could look after the children, thank God ; but it hurt-it hurt cruelty. [To spoke and vanished. Half a mile up the line a private of Highlanders was cooking potatoes and semolina together, no was In luck. find helped " swipe " a Boer waggon overturned by our shell fire, and picked up the semolina from the dust. A knot of officers had made themselves a rude mesBhonso in a roofless hut, with a blanket for shade. One of them wished to see a sister of Number Three to tell her that So-and-so was dead. A little gathering moved across the dust to look for the graves of the Highland Brigade. Even now the name-boards nie apht and blistered, and the date carries us back a thousand years. " CARELESSLY SPILLED VARNISH." And so it went on, hour after hour, this procession of Lucca, this tangle of half caught tales. Towards evening the remnants, as it were, of a battalion moved from the hospital tent in broken squads, one man supporting another. They wore our " light" cases. They would go down to Naauwpoort by the Kimberley train, but first they must be called over. They reached the platform haltingly ; their uniforms were darkened in places by patches as of carelessly spilled varnish, and sometimes their liouBor- lioniH were gummy with the same stuff. They sit down by companies in the dust, half a scorn of regiments mixed. Their officers got them fruit and cigarettes ; the more Bonna filled their companions' water bottles. They chaffed greatly in undertones, but they did not buy the rings o word which by my construction could be considered even course. They did not complain, they did not growl, they did not curse. They were going to Nimiiwpcirt to get well. In a few days they would return. They had out marched and outmanoeuvred their enemy on a couple of biscuits a day, for they had also out Cop) split. by Rudyard Kipling, 1000, searched their provisions. Their companions were now attending to that enemy, and they were con Wat. WALKED TO LIFE. On their departure Number Three walked to Hfe. The waggons were coming from the hospitals. The doors of the cars flow black, orderlies went to their stretchers, the sideboards were ripped out of the books, the cook put the last flavouring to the big Jackpot, two sisters stood to attention, each in her ward-a doctor and a sister are responsible for half a train apiece and the blessed morphine needles were made ready. They. want rest from pain, or wounded. Food and clean sheets will often bring it, but on occasion we must help nature. The worn, chipped, and scratched rifles that tered into the arm-racks, the this dusty kits followed, and after them the loaded stretchers. " Fractured thigh," said en orderly? " Which-left or right ? " said the sister. " Right," said the man, and he was slipped on to his back accordingly, injured leg outside, where it could be got at easiest. " Special," said the orderly. Here was a clean stomach wound. He could eat milk and slops in a bunk marked to that effect, and the gentlemanly Mauser would suffer him to live. Down the car he went, thinking nobly of his soul, and in no way approving of milk diet. Entered one amputation below the right elbow very cheery. Full diet for thin amputation, but no full diet for yonder long-shot, who can Dot lie down without pain. Were there any sick ? There were no sick, and the doctors thanked heaven. They would sooner bring down three trains of wounded than one of sick. WHAT DISEASES DO. Dysentery that milks the heart out of a man and shames him before his kind ; rheumatism, which is the seven devils of toothache, in the marrow of your bones ; typhoid of the loaded breath and the silly eye, incontinent and consuming ; pneumonia that stabs in the back and drif as the poor soul, suffocating and bewildered, through all the bells of delirium we are clear of these for this journey. The clean sceptic bullet-kiss and the shell splinter are all our spare. Quietly and quickly, but above all quietly, come the stretchers. Fractured shoulder, elbow joint, lung again from right to left, but nothing vital touched ; shattered forearm (owner Bays explosive bullet) ; two head cases, but both will live. Eye, head, and neck ; upper arm ; thigh again ; two or three clean shots through the thigh (owners very hungry) ; shoulder smashed and top of finger shot off (owner much annoyed over this little extra) ; forearm again, and " please, sir, the bandages are pinching' me horrid." It isn't the bandage, but the doctor does not say so. He exhibits the merciful squirt, and the bandages miraculously loosen themselves. THE OFFICERS. Now come the officers. One colonel, bearded like the heavy swell of the sixties ; another colonel (the Highlanders must have been catching it cruelly) ; a major ; a bearded captain (on investigation this turns out to be a lieutenant, aged 23, when he is shaved) and a sprinkling of subalterns and doctors. In each man's bed is a bag holding shirt, pyjamas, towel, brush, sponge, soap, and tooth- brush. They call it the Good Hope bag, but it was evidently invented by a thoughtful she angel. Man after man shakes off or is helped out of the created, dusty, greasy, blood-stained khaki, and nestles into the luxury of clean body-clothes between clean sheets. They have rest ; itww they must have food thick soak for choice, if they will only stay awake to drink it, and milk and brandy for the stomach and lung people. [The final instalment will appear on Wears days 