AN INTERESTING CEREMONY. ST. JOHN'S CHURCH. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. A UNIVERSAL GATHERING. Adherents of St John's Church of England, Maffra, and in fact of all denominations and creeds will not soon forget the ceremonies attendant on the laying of the Foundation stone of the new St. John's Church last Thursday afternoon. The insertion of the corner stone of a private edifice prac lically marks an epoch in the life of the prospective owner ; the preparation to raise i huge pile of poblic build ings is occasion for high holiday; Iut the laying of the Foundation Stone of a building to bei dedicated to the special sorvice of God is an under taking beyond nmere earthly every day pomp-it is ono of sanctity anid vital import to each and everyone. Upwards of 300 souls filled the little churchyard on tile occasion iunder notice, and the large and falshionaLle thlrong assemlbled realised thli Divine responsibility as tihe impresasiveservice progressed. But it was not all religious fervor, and attelldanti on such anl o:casion as Thursday's can disport themselves cir cuimspectly as well as allowing a little of the world, the flesh and the devil to creep in. Anu so it was. Bunting was flying gaily, and the ladlies' confec. tionse were "Worth" admiring. The gentler sex predominated, as is usually the case at Huch functions, principally we opine owing to the important part of tle lday's programme being deputed to one of their charming number. Shortly after 3 o'clock the church choir boys, arrayed in surplices, took their places, Mrs Herkes officiating at the organ. Soon afterwards the Guar dians of St John's led thet way from the Parsonage, attendant on His Lord ship the Bishop of Melbourne (Dr. Goe), Rev, W. Parkes (Maffra), and Rev, Scott (Sale). Mesdames Goe, Scott and Boske, and the Misses Glassford and Parkes followed, and the hymn, " All Hail" opened the ceremony. The order of service to be observed on the laying the Founda tion, or Corner Stone of a Church was thln entered upon, the assemblage taking up the responses. During tlhe course of the service the incumlbent, Rev. W. Parkes, solemnly handed the scroll to be placed in the cavity to Dr Boake, hon. sec. and treasurer to the Church, who read same as under : ST. JOHN'S CHURCH, MAFFRA, in the Colony of Victoria.-In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.--The Foundation Stone of the first Church built upon this site was laid on September 1, 1871, by Mrs H. Gordon Glassford, of Mewburn Park, Maffra : the Right Rev. Charles Perry, D.D., first Bishop of Melbourne, being then in charge of the Diocese, and the Rev. Thomas Woolcock Sergeant, B.A., Canon of St. Jnames' Cathedral, minister of Sale, etc., being in charge of Maffra: The present building is being erected chiefly because it was found that the first Church was allowing signs of decay and insecurity. The Foundation Stone is being laid by Miss Gordon Glassford, daughter of the lady who laid the Founda tion Stone of the lirst Church : the Right Rev. Field Flowers Goe, D.D.. third Bishop of the Diocese, being present at the service. The Rev. William Parkes is the minister in charge of the Parochial District. The Board of Guardians con sists of the following gentlemen :--Wil liam Boake. L R.C.S.I., hon. sec. and treasurer ; Clement Gordon Glassford, Napier Gordon Glassford, John Mills, John Ashton, Charles Weightman, James Webster, Joseph Hamilton, Edward James, William James Bell, Joseph Waters and Henry Bryant. The organist of the church is Mrs James Herkes ; Am brose Woollard is the verger. The Super. intendent of the Sunday School is Mrs James Ryan. The President of the Girls Friendly Society is Miss M Parkes; the vice president is Mrs John Ashton. The architect for the present building is Walter R. Butler, architect of the Diocese of Melbourne. The contractor is Edward Newman.-" Except the Lord build the House their labour is but lost that builtit." [This scroll was written by Master Les lie James, sixth class scholar in the Maffra State School.] Maffra, February 8, 1900. Tihis impressive office being conclu ded, the architect of the sacred build inog, Mr W. R. Butler, stepped forward and assisted Miss Glassford in the initial steps preparatory to depositing same underneath the stone. This done, Miss Glassford feelingly and in modulated tones pronounced the words: "In the faith of Christ, and with prayer for the blessing of God, I lay this Foundation Stone of a Church to be called St John's, Maffra, in the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." Ameon. Hymn 307 followed, and then prayers were offered, after which Rev. W. Parkes announced that offerings taken up and laid on the Stone would be devoted to the build ing fund of the new Church. He would like to explain how it came about that the old sacred edifice was pulled down, necessitating the erection of a new building. If anyone present were curions enough to note the marks of the old foundation, such would prove that thle walls were insecure, and, as a consequence, unsafe ; there fore, the matter had to fbe attended to at once. In the first instance, Mr and Mrs Mills, of Powerscourt, had offered to build a new chancel to the old church. 'Then two other gentlemen promised a sum of money, condition ally on the congregatfion raising a cer tain amount. That amount was more than contributed, and it was deemed advisable to erect a new church. He was pleased to say tlhat wherever there was a revival oe church life it allowed itself amongst other ways ini the care of the House in which we worship God. He took it is an indi cation of a revival of church life ti ha they wore anixious to build a Ilouse more worthy for thu service of God. It was a pleasure to see so tmauty strangers present, who were not mnem hers of St John's Church. This indeed showed a kindly feeling, and he would thank them for their presence, tseny of whoml hitad travelled a considerahble distance. Mr Parkes concluded by saying that His Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne's address would neces. sarily be short, owing to a slow re covery from a snrious illness. Dr Goe expressed the great pleasure it gave him to seize on the opportunity to be present. It had been his pleasure some ten or twelve years ago to preach God's word in the old church and confirm the young people, besides performing the sacramental service. Tihe subject before them they would all feel was appropriate, that was that the young lady who had performed the ceremony of layintg the Foundation Stone was performing a similar action to what her mother did many years before. It was well known that" man passeth away like a shadow." RHere were two g.enerations of the same family assisting in God's work, and Ithe ventured to think that young lady would never forget the circumstance, and that shit would pray that she might follow in her mother's good work in connection with the Church. Their incumo ent had said there was ta great revival in Church work, and he hoped this was au indication of an increase of spiritual life among the people them selves, and that they wished to wora ship Him in a building fitted to the extent of His greatness and glory. Tiey should pray that the workmen employed in such building should be preserved from all accident, and that no words uttered by them would be in consistent with thi work they were doing, meet for its construction, lie would pray that the blessing of God would abuuduatly rest on oll and the work now begun. Dr Boake, on belhalf of the Guardians, moved a hearty vote of thanks to Miss Glassford for the duty shoe had performed, which was carried by acclatmation. Mr C. G. Glassford responded on be half of his sistor, and expressed his willingness to at all times do what he possibly could for the Church, Miss Glassford perforsmed the cere mony with the silver trowel used by her Imother 29 years ago, on which was insct ised :--" Presented to Mrs H. Gordon Glassford on laying the Foun datlion stone of St. John's Church of England. September 1st, 1871." On the opposite side snmewhbt aimilar words will now be engraved for Miss Gordon Glassford. The contractor for the edifice, Mr Newman, handed Miss Glassford a silver mounted mallet, provided by the Guardians, as a memento of the day's ceremonial. The olferings taken up during the afternoon amounted to £20. In addition to the scroll and a number of coins, tit bottle deposited contained issues of the MAFFRA SPEC TATOR, Melbourne "Argus" and "Age," and the " WalhalIa Chronicle." This latter journal was enclosed owning to the proprietor of the local organ's con tection witlh same. At the conclusion of the more important part of the proceedings a cordial invitation was extended to all to indulge iu something in itself of im portance.. Afternoon tea, provided by the ladies of the congregation, was served round, asd a pleasant buzz ot conversation closed a social afternoon. 