THE SAINT-GABELLE IWN> AN ODD WAGER. You would have been very fortunate, my children, if you had known tny Uncle Bayle, because he alone knew more stories than you have ever read. My uncle did not live in our little city of Mirepeix—he lived at Foix; and almost every Saturday we would see him coming on his horse, and our joyous cries nailed him at a distance. The servant, my old Jeannette, came immediately to salute our Uncle Bayle, who carefully informed himself as to the supper. Then, after having added or changed something in the bill of fare, he seated himself in a large chair of carved wood, which we dragged up to the fire ; and without delay we all began to cry, " A story ! a story ! " On this evening the cry was less.boisterous, because we had formed a little conspiracy, and no one dared to speak first. Finally, my pretty cousin Dorothee, the most "talkative little girl of the house, and now the grave superior of a convent of the Sisters of Charity, ventured to cry, " A ghost story ! " and we replied, all together, " Yes, a ghost story ! " My uncle frowned, and looked toward Jeannette, who was very miich.confused, and wished to appear absorbed in pep neiing her chicken pot-pie. Tt was she, in fact, who had urged us to make this I demand. " They are only fools or rogues who believe, or pretend to believe in ghosts," said my uncle, in a severe tone. We all waited in silence, so much authority was there in his words ; but a moment of reflection seemed to calm him. We saw him smile, as if to himself, and he added, in a tone full of sweetness: " You waut a ghost-story, my children '< Yery well; I will relate one to you which happened to me, so that it can not be doubted." We gathered around him closer than usual; the lamp hung by a chain attached to the mantel-piece, and there our uncle told his story. One autumn evening—it must have been forty years ago, because X was scarcely twenty years old at the time—I was returning from Toulouse. I had arrived almost iu front of the Bolboune monastery, beyond the beautiful woods of Lecourien, when a sudden and frightful storm, like those that come down from ; our mountains, broke forth. My horse, frightened at the flashes of lightning and ! noise of thunder, darted into a little by- I path, and carried me with bim, in spite of all my efforts to the contrary. Notwith standing his rapidity, I soon recognised that he had taken the road to Saint Gabelle, and that he was leading me there all right; and he galloped on until he stopped of his own accord, as he had started, and I perceived that I was at the door of an inn. I entered. The guests were numerous—a mixed crowd of Spanish merchants and young sportsmen of the vicinity, overtaken, like myself, by the storm. After drying ourselves at the fire—composed of a dozen vme-branebes which had been thrown in the fire-place— supper was announced, and we all sat down to the table. At first the conversa tion turned on the rrightful weather. One had been thrown from his horse ; another had been detained an hour in getting himself and cart out of a pool of mud. Finally some one exclaimed : "It is an infernal night, just the time for a meeting of witches." This remilrk, which was very simple, gave place to a singular observation, made in a tone still more singular. I " Sorcerers and ghosts prefer for their meeting a beautiful moonlight night to a night so unpleasant as this." We all gazed at the man who said this, and saw that it was one of the" Spanish merchants. You have often seen them, my children, with their leggings and short breeches open at the knee and showing their naked, hairy legs. You know what a mingled air of pride and misery they have. He who had spoken had, more than any you have seen, that savage hearing which is characteristic of them all. None of us had thought of replying, when my neighbor, a young man with a frank and open manner, hurst out laugh ing as he said: " It appears that this gentleman knows the habits of ghosts, and that they have told him that they do not like to get wet or dirty." He had not finished his sentence when the Spaniard threw on bim a terrible look, as he said : " Young man, do not speak so lightly of things you know nothing about." " Do you think you can make me be lieve there are ghosts ? " replied uiy neighbor, disdainfully. " Perhaps," replied the Spaniard, "if you had the courage to look at them." The young inau jumped up, red with auger, but calmed himself, and sat down again quietly, saying: " You would have paid dearly for that remark if it were not that of a fool." That of a fool! " cried the Spaniard, jumping up iu his turn. "Well, then," added he, slapping his fist on the table, and throwing down a big leathern purse. "Here are thirty quadruples" (about two hundred and sixteen dollars) " which Iofferto lose, if, within an hour, I do not make you see, you who are so positive, the face of one of your friends that you will name, let him be dead for ten years, and if, after having recognised him, you dare to permit his mouth to kiss yours." The Spaniard had an air so terrible in saying these words that we all started. My neighbor alone preserved, bis laugh ing, mocking manner, and replied : " You will do this—you ? " "Yes," replied the Spaniard, "unci I will lose thirty quadruples if I do not do it, on condition that yon will lose an equal amount if I keep mp promise and you acknowledge it." The young man was silent a moment, then he said, gayly: " Thirty quadruples ! My worthy sorcerer, that is more than a student of Toulouse ever possessed : but if you will keep your word for the five quadruples which are here. I am your man." The Spaniard took bis purse again, and said, scornfully: " Ab, you back out, my little gentle man ? " " I back out ! " cried the young man. " Ah, if I had the thirty quadruples, you would see if I backed out." "Here are four," cried I, " which I add to your stake." I had no soouer made this proposition thin five or six persons, attracted like liiyselfbytbesiiigularity of this challenge, offered to take part in it, and iu less than no time the Spaniard's amount was covered. This man seemed so sure of his work that he confided the stake to the young student, aud we got ready for the demonstration. To that end we selected a small pavilion, perfectly isolated, in the garden, so that there could he no decep tion. We searched it minutely ; we assured ourselves that there were no other openings than a window, securely fastened, and a door, which was closed in the same manner, and at which we all stood after wo had left the young man alone in the pavilion. We liad placed writing materials on the table, and took away all the lights. We were eagerly interested in the issue of the scene, and were all keeping a profound silence, when the Spaniard, who had remained among us. commenced to sing iu a sweet aud sad voice a song, which may be rendered as follows : " Noiselessly cracking, the coffin has broken in the half-opened tomli, And the white phantom's black foot is resting on the grass, cold and green." At the first verso he raised his voice solemnly, and said: " You have asked to see your friend, J Francois Violot, who was drowned Hired' years ago in crossing the Pensagnoleaj Ferry. What do you see ? " \ " I see," replied the young man, " Vale light which has risen near the win- q •dow, but it has no form, and is only an indistinct mist." " Are you afraid ? " said the Spaniard, an a strong voice. I j " I am not afraid," replied thestudpnt, j iu a voice no less confident. ' t We scarcely breathed. The Spaniard] was silent for a_ moment, then he began a.l at once to sing again, but in a higher and more sombre voice : " And the white phantom, whoso face has heen withered by the surge of the waves, Wipes with his shroud the water from his garments and hair." The song finished, the Spaniard turned again toward the door, and, in an accent more and more solemn, he said ' 41 You, who wished to pry into "the mysteries of the tomb, what do you see?" We listened with anxiety. The student replied, in a calm voice, but like a man who is describing a thing as it happens : 441 see this vapor, which grows larger and larger, and takes the form of a phantom ; this phantom has the head covered with a veil." 44 Are you afraid ?" asked tbeSpauiard, in an insulting voice. The voice of the young man replied: " I am not afraid." We dared not look at each other, so great was our surprise, so occupied were we in following the singular movements of the Spaniard, who began to raise his arms above his head, while invoking tbnrf? times a name horrible to pronounce j aftcf.' which he chanted the third verse of his infernal song, but in a voice singularly triumphant: 'And the phantom said, in leaving the tomb, In order that he may recofrnise mo I will go toward my friend, proud, srailin", and beautiful as iu my youth.* ** The Spaniard finished his verse, and repeated his question : 44 What do you see ? " 44 T see," replied the student, "the puantoui advance—it raises its veil—it is Francois \iolot—he approaches the table lie writes—he has written; it is his sig nature ! " ■ 44 Are you afraid ? " cried the Spaniard furiously. There was a moment of silence, and the student replied, with more strength than assurance : 441 am not! " Immediately, as if seized with a fit of madness, the Spaniard sung, with n strauge howl, this last horrible verse : And the phautom said to the mocking man. Come, thcu, that I may touch you; Put your hand iu my hand, press your heart to my heart, your mouth to my mouth.* 44 What do you see? " cried theripanmrd' in a voice of thnndor. It comes—it approaches—it pursues mo—it extends its arms—it will seize me Help ! help ! " 44 Are you afraid ? " cried the Spaniard with ferocious joy. ' A piercing cry, then a smothered groan, was the only answer to this ter rible question. 44 Help that imprudent young man ! " ; said the Spaniard to us, in a cruel voice. 441 have, I think, won the wager; but it is enough'for me to have given him a lesson. Let him keep the money, and be more prudent in the future. He went away rapidly after these words. We opened the door, and found the student in horrible convulsions. The paper, signed with the name of Francois Violot, was on the table. Scarcely had the student recovered when he demanded to know who was the infamous sorcerer who hud subjected him to this horrible profanation ; he wished to kill him.. He searched for him all through the inn, and darted off like a madman in pursuit' of him. And that is the story, mv chil dren. Wo were all trembling with fri<riit buadling closely about our Uncle Bayle' not during to look around. No one had the courage to speak ; then I gathered strength enough to say to my uncle • 44 And how is it, after this, you no not believe in ghosts ? " 44 Because," said my uncle, " neither the young man nor the sorcerer were ever seen afterward, nor the beautiful quad ruples which the other travellers and my self had furnished to cover the wager proposed by the pretended Spaniard ; mid because these two rogues carried tbotn ftway, after having played under our eyes a comedy which we believed in like a pack of simpletons, and which I found very expensive, but which will not have cost too much if it enables me to fully persuade you that none hut imbeciles or rogues believe or pretend to believe in rhosts."— Translated from the French of Frederick Loulie. 