^The Sketcher. Her Gratitude. The snow lay very deep that, year at Clinton Beeches, and old Schoolmaster Eufford was more feeble than usual; and, what with Maria's sewing being Interrupted, and' a new milliner and dressmaker having set up at Beech. Til lage, times were very hard. ' You must get me some more wood,. Billy,' she said to her little brother; 'The fire nearly went out this morn ing when you were at school, and the enow was too deep for me to get out to the wood-pile.'-- ' Wood-pile's . all gone,' said Billy, biting a semicircular piece put of his bread — 'been gone for a week.' 'Gracious me!' ciaed poor Maria. 'And where has all the wood come from that we've been burning ?' ' I've foeen rippin' the thorns off the ghost- house fence,' observed Billy. '1 saw the other fellows doing it, so why shouldn't I? And I've chopped up all the wood in the. stable.' 'But, Billy, that is stealing!' said Maria. . 'No, it ain't,' announced 'Billy, with the air of one who felt himself a authority^on the subject. ' The old fel low that bought the ghosthouse has sold the property to The railway company, and they're going to lay a line of rails !-right through the back garden. The old house would have been pulled to pieces long ago if folks hadn't been afraid of the ghost, and I may as well have a pull at it as any one else.' ' I am quite sure that John Gregory will lend us wood until I am able to order a fresh load, if you go down and ask him.' ' Here he comes now,' said Billy, who had been flattening his nose against the window glass. 'I think you'd 'better borrow it yourself.' ' Comin' this way,' said he, ' thought I'd stop and inquire how the old school master is.' ' Pa's pretty feeble,' sighed Maria. ' He'll soon mend again once the spring sets in,' said John encouraging ly. ' Anything I can do you you, Maria, down in the village V' ' I need some more wood,' said Ma ria wistfully, 'l-ut I can't pay for it before pa's annuity money comes in.' ' Oh, get out \' said John. ' Pay for it, indeed ! When our woodland is suf ferin'— yes, actually sufferin'— to be thinned out. I'll send you down a load, Maria, when ? ' . 'lam not a beggar !' said Maria Kur ford with some pride. ' Well, if you find a load left at your shed door one o' these days you'll kuow what it means,' said he. 'Don't you want to ride down the road a piece, Maria ? I'm going to the ghosthouse. 11 To the ghosthouse !' said Maria Ruf ford. ' What for ?' . '?' After & big mahogany chair that was left there,' said John. 'Old Dawton is a curiosity collector, and he's bought it for a pound. He's got me to take it to the statibn. He's goin' to send it down to a place in London where they expect to sell it for much more. I'm told folks are going clean crazy about such old things.'-1 ' Hallo !' cried Billy, jumping down from the window-«eat. ' 'We burned; up that chair, .Maria, the day you wanted the oven hot last week.' He turned a somersault out of the room, and poor Maria, with downcast eyes and burning cheeks, was forced to explain the whole thing to John ' Well, if this isn't a' fix,' said that individual with a long, low whistle. ' How am I to fetch the big chair down to the railway station if there's none to fetch ?' ' Oh, John, John, what shall we do ? groaned poor Maria. ' Do you suppose one of grandmother Rufford's old chairs would do as well? There's halfa dozen of them that have stood there ever since I was a child. They're dreadfully old-fashioned.' And the result of the inspection was that one of grandmother Rufford's high shouldered old chairs was cheerfully brought downstairs and lifted into John's cart . . . John Gregory came up again. within a week or two. 'Well, Maria,' said he, 'I've got a. customer for another o' them old chairs. There's a lady in London has seen that one and offered five pounds for it, but it was bespoke So when old Dawton told me of it, says I, ' I know where I can get another of the same pattern, or ar near like it as can be.' Says he, ' Send it to my shop, then.' And if you're willin' to sell it on those terms ? ' The old Rufford chairs were brought out of their dim receptacles in the gar ret and sold, one by one, to eager dilet tanti—a battered old wardrobe was 'fixed up' 'by John Gregory, and a spindle-legged iabie followed close and hard upon it, until Maria's woodpile and flour barrel were replenished, a new . carpet was 'bought for Grandfather j Rufford's room, and the vent and the J grocer's bills were triumphantly paid, j li Ifs as if we'd found a bag of gold,' j said Maria with tears in her eyes. 'And it's all your doings, John.' 'If you're really so grateful to me ' Well ?' 'There's a way you might show it.' . 'I can't think what you mean, John.' 'Well, it's not for lack of explaining it,' sighed the faithful John. ' I .want you to marry me, Maria. Isn't that plain enough ?' , . ' Oh, John ! When you know I can't J leave pa !' j ' Well, then, let me come, here to live, j I've no wish to part -you from your father.' - , , ! ' Well— John— if pa is willing ? ( John rose, quietly but resolutely— he j grasped the vegetable pan and lifted I ft carefully off the fire. \ ' John,' cried. Maria, ' what are you j going to do ?': - . ! ' To kiss you, Maria.' ' But, John, the potatoes aren't done!'' 'Let .the potatoes wait,' said John. ' I've waited long, enough.' 