ECHOES FROM LONDON. Ther are the abstract and bri^ Chronicles of the time. From our ?Decial Corresnondent. LOXDOX, 3Iay 11. SOME PROCEEDINGS IX PARLIAMENT. Mr. K. P. Houston, M J\, is a member of the Committee just appointed to enquire into the alleged frauds by contractors for war sutinlies. He is sf.sn a shinon-ner whose boats have been eugapeil iu the transport of troops. Jlr. John Uruwn fa a contractor; for the supply of hay, and some of his hay was comdemned in one of ilr. Houston's vessels, llr. Brown's solicitors sent cir culars to the members of the Commons ask ir.g 'why, therefore, is he -who has prejudg ed our client to be allowed to -it in biasred judgment upon him?'' and expressing as tonishment that Mr. Houston had been ap ]-ointed on. the Committee, as 'he and his tinu have been among&t; the largest contrac tors of hay, and generally-, for the Govern ment during the present war, and we take it that (inter alia) his dealings and the al legations against him or his nrm are to be enquired into.'' Mr. Houston 'having qill ed attention to this circular, and having placed himself in the hands of the House, .Mr. O'Brien moved tljat the sta,t«rment con tained in the circular be treated as a breach of privilege. The motion was seconded, and before ilr. Balfour could give expec tant members a. lead in the matter— though in reality he himself did not know what to do, and ?was conferring with the clerks— the Speaker put the motion, and it was carried. Then ilr. Balfour found his tongue. It ?was necessary that another mo tion should be passed culling the offenders to the Bar of the House. The Leader strongty advi-ed the members to retrain irom employing 'the cumbrous and antique ?machinery,' of summoning and censuring in ceremonial form the Liverpool solicitors, and the House took his advice, though he was mercilessly twitted with his unreadi ness and want of knowledge of its form. A motion will presently be submitted with drawing ilr. Houston's name from the Committee of Investigation. The House of Lords had a warm half hour over the consideration of the Royal Commission's report on the liquor licensing laws. The Bishop of Winchester moved that legislative effect should be given to the recommendations therein contained, but Lord Salisbury refused to do anything of the sort. On the Sunday question he stated that if he drank beer he should want it as much on that as or any other da-. He was not going to punish the innocent to save the guilty. He would not prevent a girl from fetching her father's beer even though she were under the age of 16, nor would he distinguish, between those who had cellars and those who had none. The Archbishop of Canterbury then tried to force the Government's hand in the same way as his brother-in- the-cloth by putting forward an amendment on the motion. Thereupon the Prime ilinister stated that the matter had now became one of no con fidence. He was wilKng to accept battle on the point after sufficient notice, but he would decline at present to accept the de cision of the House if it went against him. The amended motion was lost by 3 votes only, and the Ministry laughed. But there .was hardly enough win to laugh by. THE SQUASHING OF HOOLEY. Two years ago the name of Hooley was on everybody's tongue. Ernest Terah Hoo ley lived at the Midland Grand Hotel in London in magnificent style. He was chdsed_ by Earls and errand boys, and he lived in the centre of a network of com -aranicatiaa, like a spider in his web. Then Hooley fell, and disappeared completely into the retirement and tranquillity of Derbyshire, ?whence he temporarily emerg ed to smack a politician with his walking stick, only to retire into his hole ajpin, and 'pull the hole in after him.' This ?week he came out effulgent. The chrysalis was a gorgeous butterfly. The papers re ported a fen* days ago that he had been in terviewed and had given particulars of a vondarful mining scheme iu Siberia, for which he had obtained concessions from the Czar of Russia. Said Hooley— I cannot tell you how the Siberian concession on which the new' Companr is formed was obtain ed. That can never be told. A Ionj: lease lias been pivpn by the Czar of Russia of the rfcht to e.uract gold over an area of 6.3M square miles in Siberia, with further subsequent extensions. I tell you -nothing like ii has been seen since the world began. Why, in South Africa, in Alaska, in Cali fornia, CTeat Companies found their prosperity on little strips of land no bigger than wliat we can see outside this window'. Here we have a pro \inee, with the Trans-Siberian Railway ruiminp through it, with an open season of from =«ven Lo ten months, with everything tliat is wanted. Xo more Dukes and Earls as promoters, said Hooley. He had drunk of a bitter ---uj- for the Ubk two years; he had been thunnca ?-s a leper by old acquaintances. But he knew. his. time would come again. Already he had discharged £61,000 of ?his liabilities; he would first pay off every penny he owed. And so on. You felt that, after all, the man must be a big fellow. He bad never ce.i?cd to believe in himself; he had never said die. And here by one stroke he had regained everything. The reporter finished his article with a pretty bit of imaginative writing, thus: — He gazed outside half wistfully. In Piccadilly below there was a block of carriages, each rar riiee with its brilliant society women sitting waiting. Beyond were the men and women of the world iauirhinR and talking. Just across the street a trreat Duke was driving thmush the huge gilded sates of his town place. Hooley, the man that would have priven a fortune for an introduc tion to thia Duke four years ago, did not even deicn to follow him with his eye. After all, what's an English Duke to a Great While Czar': Yes, Hootey was in it again : the man who scorned to deal in paiiry thousands found room again at the top in juggling with mil lions. But yesterday's papers came out with the disillusion. 'Ths Hooley Bubble Prick ed!' appeared in large letters. The writer compares him to a toy balloon which has Wiroine resolved into limp tissue. He is 'arnnsincly impudent.' He is guilty of a ''try-on.' The 'eoneJsaon' heliad boom ed with such a flourish was .not gfven Lo ium, but to a Briti?h Syndicate, and he had been allowed to invest' a trifle of borrowed meney in it. He is described as a .mere windbag, hoping to rise asiiti on a prepos t-rous fiction. ''Perhaps 'he is hardly re sponsible for Ma own talk.' 'We 'trust thit, now hi. balloon is pricked, he wili re tire to the elegant obscurity of country squiredom, which a too-lax bankruptcy law hit? l-.-ft to 'him of all his pretensions.' savs the 'Express.' _ The papers have tried to interview him since 'the exposure, but Mr. Hooley is not available. THE BROWX-POTTER DIIUXJEEBHOY BOMW ' JEE KISS. In a previous echo mention was made of a kiss said to have been sold by Mrs. Brown-Potter in aid of the Soldiers' Fami lies' Relief Fund, and bought by an. Indian gentleman. The 'Daily New*' 'now «iys:— 'Some of the Parsees in India, seem to have been very indignant that one of their com munity in London, named Mr. Dhnnjeebhoj Bornanjee, should have purchased for £20 a kiss from Mrs. Brown-Potter, the actress, together with her 'little tambourine.:' A friendly Parsce explains. He says it was the tambourine, not the kies, that was auc tioned, and th.it Mr.-. Brown-Potter volun teered the kks and administered it in a kind of splendid ceremonial, as pills are given in jam. in the accompaniment of the National Anthem. He thus describes the srene:— 'The National Anthem was sung, the whole audience rose to their ieei, and amidst vocifprous cheers, the Parsee, whose refusal of the kis- w.uld hive seemed un cracioiK, was called on to the stage to re ceive his 'salute.' -?'Tt was imnicdutflv followed by the cborns, sung by the whole house 'For he'* a. joUy good fellow,' ;ln.I the climax was reached by a succession of kisses being heard all round the house.' Mr. Dhunjeebhoy -et»ni- to have been madp a sort of prartisin:: bWk. Anyway, he hadn't much say in the matter. POLITICS— LEGAL CHASfJES. The new Peer and Mast-r of the Rolls, Bir Blew /Webster, is not unknown on the held ot athletics, tnoiigh latterly his share has consisted of looking on. He has been nicknamed Sir ''Wrou-hed' Webster, because at times he is not -o buoyantly cheerful as he might bp. Hut w I,i- friends he is known as 'Dick,' and ir i.« -aid to be a good sign when a man ret.iin- the friendlv liicknarrre of early days far into the years of manhood, especially if lie i- a micccWuI man. Stronjrly built, with l-i^ shoulders, and occasionally wearing a rather -elf-con- tained air, he might be thought by some to be morose, 'but his spirits are light enough sometimes, ? and he ca-n take his turn with a good story. One of the dailies published a very rou'ih article on ham this week, in return, no doubt, for his endeavour to -inflBenct*- the election in favour of a Conaervaiire caa.ii date in filling the seat rendered va-:nit hv his resignation. Tftey twit him with his deHght on obtaining his peerage, and teil a story of somebody else, who once received a dignity. This worthy was making a great nwe *n his room' and the occupant of those below sent his servant to »?*? **-??? wiuj tiie matter. 'Pleaae, sir,' reported the domestic, 'he's singing, as how, he's not gain* home till morning:' Sir K:--hani is a giant fcr work, and a staunch Church man, irith a respect for decornm and old established ideas. Sir Robert Frnlay, the present Solicitor-General, wiE succeed Sir Kichard as Attorney-General. If I remem ber correctly, Sir Robert first figured promrinently in the political world in con nection with a Scotch Kcdesin.4ticn] Bill amn* fifteen years ago. He mode himself heard very quickly, and soon his power be Ipame cstahtiiied. He is a good speaker, trf fine presence and. Doaseeaiaz a £0od voko. One cf the best speeches I have heard was ] dtvivered by him. ? Mr. Carson, Q.C., who ' takes Sir' Robert's place, is an AngioIristi mnn, eloquent, keeu, and— dyspeptk. He is a rapidly rising man. He h'ntis a capable trumpeter in 'Tav Pav'' in vesterday's. 'Daily Mail.' ' THE LAW AND THE LADY. Earl Russell and the lady whom he re cently married have arrived in England, and gone to his Lordship's residence near Boulter's Lock. on. the Thames. The Count ess* Ktissell live? at Bray, only a mile dis tant. When the two. ladies meet the inter view should be interesting. The Countess i-s at 'present' in l^ods engaged on the Music Hall stage.- To the correspondent of a Leeds paper siie expressed her intention of laying the case before the Archbishop of Canterbury and the House of Lords. The Earl's conduct she regarded as an outrage on English society. Legal authorities in Auierk-a, to whom she had cabled, advised her that she could contest the legality of the Earl's second marriage with every pro .-pect of success. Wliat. she asked, was to be t*he position of women in Esigland if_ their husbands could go over to the United States and divorce them in sutsh a w,iy? The matter certainly seems to open up a question of very great importance to the general public. THE CO.YGREGATIOXAL IXIOX. At the sixty-eighth annual meeting of the Congregational Union of England and Wales, held this week. Dr. Joseph Parker was elected to the chairmanship. Three ballets were taken, and eventually Dr. Par ker totalled 418 votes out of 8C0. His election does not receive unanimous appro val out-nde, though it is universally ack nowledged Chat he is a strons and able man. The report for the 'year read by the Rev. Andrew Mearr.s, re ferring to the war in South Africa, considered that as it had no mandate from the Assembly on the- much- controverted questions involved, and knowing the wide differences of opinion that exist in the Churches on some of them, the committee felt iteelf precluded from expressing any positive opinion on. the policy of Her Ma jesty's Government. (Cheers and counter cheers.) I5ut they had before them two separate appeals. One was a resolution from the Executive of the Natal Congrega tional Union strongly justifying die poliey of Her Majesty's Government in relation to the war, the other an address from iU Dutch ministers— (prolonged cheers and re newed counter-cheers) — taking a distinctly opposite ground. The committee felt that it was impossible for them to express any judgment on the points of difference, and therefore they agreed 'to refer both docu ments to the General Purposes Committee — (laughter)— for courteous and sympa thetic acknowledgment, but without ex pressing any opinion upon statements in the two documents of a controversial cha racter.' (Cheers.) Dr. Guiness Rogers was elected an honorary life mem ber of the Union. Promises to :the Twentieth Century Fund amount to nearly half a million. ? PEOFTT- SHABIXG WITH EMPLOYES. The firm of Messrs.. Richmond &, Co., Limited, gas apparatus manufacturers, work their business on a profit-sharing sys tem. This week they distributed the usual bonuses to their men in shares. This dis tribution of scrip was intended xo foster the interest of every man and boy in his work, to prevent waste material and odd moments of time, and to encourage thrift. The master called fora show of hands from those who had saved 30s. during the year, and only two were held up amid laughter. 'Ah!'' said he, 'when you are ill or old, and past work you will cry rather than laugh! The men are to receive half as ranch per cent, on jheir wages as the_ shareholders will on their capital. Thus, of a shareholder has £100 invested, and an employe receives £100 for his year's wages, should -the dividend to the shareholder be 10 per cent., the employe would receive shares equal to the value of £5. If the con cern distributes less than 6 per cent, to the shareholder the men will get no bonuses The report states tha-t the employes seemed disappointed at getting scrip in stead of money, but Mr- Richmond is satis fied that their wives will ?quickly convince them of 'fiie wisdom of the system. He be lieves its general adoption throughout Great Britain .would work miracles for British trade. ' THE PHANTOM HAXD. There are many legends about ghosts at Hampton Court Palace. An artist engaged in sketching there tells the authorities that he has seen a spectre hand of the lily and jewelled variety, persistently intruding in an impertinent and familiar way - between him and the tapestry he was copy ing. Last time it appeared he took a .hurried sketch of it, _ and of a diamond ring, on 'the' fb'rrfinger. Henry VIII. had a Queen nained .Catherine Howard - who, escaping jfrojn . a .room in which 'she bad been imprisoned ? by the royal orders, was sieized by the- Guards and thrust back again into the room: The hand is supposed to be hers. Periodically the little tragedy ot the re-arrest is acted over again. The lady is tall -and clad in white. A few ghosts of- this kind are of great cotnmerciafj value, as they provide read able copy as well as a. pleasant shivery feel ing, and help to swell the railway revenue. SECRET COMMISSIONS. This week' an important judgment wns given on the question of Secret Commis sions. A firm of wholesale tobacconists sought to recover the amount of a secret commission paid by a tobacco merchant to their buyers. The Jury negatived the plaintiff's claim and replied also iu the negative as to the charge of excessive price. They found that he .minds of the plaintiffs' servants were influenced by the payments of secret commissions, but that the plain tiffs had not Buffered damage thereby. The plaintiffs admitted that they had bee dealt with fairly by the defen dant. Verdict for the defendant. Mr. Jclf, Q.C., asked that the defendant should be deprived of his costs, but this Mr. Justice Grantham refused, granting a stay of exe cution pending an appeal!. BOTTLE CAST LTOX THE WATERS. A bottle has been found at Parrot Bay containing the following message: — '130 days out and no provisions on board. Crew on half whack; living on cargo of wheat, and don't expect to ever- reach- port. If this is picked up please send -word to E. S. Fardon. 11, Agnew-street, 'Lytham, Lanca shire, England.' The 'writer got safely to land, and had his own raesiage .returned to him. The chances against a. repetition of such a remarkable circumstance ? must be very great. ? ? ????-? TUE SERVANT-GIRL SCARCITY. Two hundred American servant girls are to be imported into London as an experi ment. S-o great is this domestic sen- ant di fficulty that many households are put to considerable inconvenience, while in a large number of instances those who can manage to do so are letting their furnished houses a»-d living in flats or in furnished apart ments, where they can do with' less assist ance- ? HER 1LUESTY AND THE COLONIES. A rumour is abroad .that after the war is over a royal personageTTprobabSy the. Duke of York— will visit the colonies that have -ent men to the front- It is stated that the Queen h;is expressed a desire that this idea sVi.ill be earned into effect, and it is further said that she will draw up a special ly worded mc.-Siige with her own hand, which the n-\~al visitor will deliver. A dr.ilv remarks that Oe.irer Britain knows quite well that little England appreciates to tli? full her splendid services, but no thing but good can come of emphasising tht fact. THROW UP THE BIRD. Canaries are frequently infected with 'rubereuloMs. A doctor of medicine states tliat they are liable to communicate the disease by fluttering and whisking dust from the cage. Tie looks upon them as a positive pori!. Presently no doubt tiu harmless necessary «it will be pronounced dangerous and superfluous,' and microbes will be detected in the act of shinning up tiie trousered legs of your favourite Brahma fowl. CHEAP, SWIFT. AXD IJOO.MY TRAMS. The irrlvabitanU of the west of London are on the eve of a revolution in the mat ter of travelling facilities. Eighteen miles of tram ways worked by electricity are to be constructed by the Loudon United Tramways Company. The Bill before tile Commons' Select Committee proposes that after July next the whole of the present lines in We* Londob t'iiall be worked by electricity. The present system is to be ex tended from Acton chroug/h Ealing to Han well, and from Heston and Islewortrh through Twickenltun and Tecldingwn to Hampton Court and Hamilton* Wick. The electric cars will double the present speed of horse traction, which is four miles an Ikmtv and the eaite wil] provide twice 'the carrying capacity, faves will average about a halfpenny per mile for ordinary passen gers, and a fartlhing a mile for the working fl.-i-wes between the hours of 4 and 8 in the morning, and -5 to half -past G in the even iii2. THE INDIAN FAMINE. * 'Hie horrors of the Indian famine have arousd) the philanthropic to effort on be half of the sufferers. The German Emperor ?has sent the following. eommuni«ition to the Viceroy of India: — 'Full cf the deepest sympathy for the terrible distress in India, Berlin ilias, with my approval, realized a sum of over half a mlllicn marks. I have ordered it to be farwtard'ed to Calcutta to be placed at your Excellency's disposal. May India feel in this action on the part of the capital of tie German Empire a deep 'nifie of the sympathetic love_fof India which prompted '? my people, and which emanates from the faot that 'blood is thicker than water.' The Viceroy has re plied — 'I have tihe honour to receive your [hiperiafi Majesty's most gracious telegram, the iterms of \\\ihich wil] create a thrill of iratlttfie throughout India, for 'the warm hearted and sympoiXutetie attitude of your :-apital of Berlin, acting upon the opportune ind noble initiative of your Imperial Ma jesty. It is indeed an illustration of the l:inding force of kinship, as testified by your Md.iesty. thait the German people should turn a kindly tjiwught to the .work being rlone by tire British Government in tihis wuntry for the relief of the terrible- suffer ing with which the poor Indian peop'e are ifilicted. On their behalf I venture to ac kiiowlcdze the generous action 'of .your Im perial Majesty, and 'the most munificent sonltribulion of your people.' New York li;;s lately dispatched 185,000 bushels of L-orn, and Kansas City has sens. 20.000 bus hels as a voluntary contribution. AN AITHOIUTY ON ANGLICAN DISSENSION. The opinion of the Archbishops in the Reservation of the Sacrament was this week 'the subject of an interview with Mr. Walter Walsh, the author of 'The history Df the Oxford Movement,' by a representa tive of the -'Doily Xews.' Mr. Walsh think? that the unanimity of the Daily Press in approving the opinion will help the Protestant cause by showing the Bis hops that if they enforce the opinion the public will support them. He believes the l?rot*tt;int feeling in the country is much stronger than is ££neially_ unclerstood; The general election will he fancies show that the Antipopery feeling is not dormant. ?' VESUVIUS IN ERUPTION. _ Vesuvius has been in eruption since Sun uay last, and the explosions and vibrations ire reducing the inhabitants of the vicinity to a condition of pitiful terror. Numbers of them are leaving their homes. The specta cle is reported as grandly awful, -with a red guire, illuminating' the surrounding villages and the ,bay of Naples, and trans forming the sky itself. The Neapolitans are deserting their places of 'amusement, content to remain in the streets and watch the awe-inspiring sight. Four Englishmen who, heedless .of the warning of their guides, ventured too near the crater, have been terribly injured by a mass of in candescent sitone. DISHONEST LAWYERS. A stir has been caused-by the publication of a black list of defaulting London law vers. The ''Daily Mail.' which makes up the list, rtiys that many clients are now taking the precaution of examining the stocks, mortgages, shares, and other securi ties left in the custody of their solicitors. It publishes an interview with Sir George Lsv.is'on the matter, in which that gentle man says: — 'Only the other day 1 -had an illustrious -client in this very rooin; some £40,000 of whose estate had vanished in this way. 'But why on earth,' I asked him, 'didn't you ask to see the securities them selves?' llow could I?' 'was his answer; '1 was at College with the man. and thought him the very soul of honour.' ' This soli citor thinks the Law Society ought to -prose- cute the black sheep. In his opinion the immunity , these wicked lawyers enjoy is more scandalous' than the scandals them selves, and he experts' no improvement unr til a system for punishment of breaches of trust is' organized.' The facility with which the criminals can fly from the country simply puts a premium on crime. But Sir George blames clients' for their remissness. He says he can't imagine why clients leave securities with their lawyers at all. They should keep them themselves, or lodge them with a banker. The 'Globe,' while- recog nising thie alarming extent of the catalogue; thinks it a wonder in view of the tempta tions, which careless clients put in the. way- of their lawyers that the list is not greater. The 'Pall Mall Gazette' also tomes. the clients, and says the Law Society ought long ago to have awakened to the need of investigating: the whole matter. A dishor riourable solicitor has such opportunities for misappropriation that the most strin gent enquiry ought to be welcomed by the profession, and the great body of honour able men in their ranks ought to be the foremost in insisting uoon close scrutiny and the purging of the roll. ? Presumably- as 'a result of this publicity the Incorporated Law Society has ' held their first meeting to enquire into. the best means of dealing with the question. , It is believed that a proposal was made that the Society should obtain power to prose cute defaulting solicitors. .:? - A WRITER'S EARLY EXPERIENCES. Mr. Frank : T. Bullen, whose fame .is rapidly spreading -.as a. writer, of: sen- .'yarns, ind- whose s_uccessr-especially now that Mi.: Rudyard. Kipling has admired his. work— is assured, 'is reported by the 'Daily -News' as having made an interesting 'auto-bio-, graphical speech at a meeting of the' Ragged .School 'Union'. .'If anybody- here.' eaid he. -'shculd take interest in -the JR..S.U. it should be F. T, B. He knew what ifc- was to be a subject for the Ragged 'School L'nton himself. Thirty-four years ago he roamed the streets without home or friend. Perhaps . it was harder for him than- for many, beeausa he had. not always been 'so. For.eight and a half years ha had been ten dcriy nurtured, but he had dropped into the depths which only a street arab knew. In winter the. life.twas indescribable. But the street arab learnt 'to suffer and -to say nothing. - Also the nomadie life was diffi cult to eradicate, but the R.SiU: brought the-arabs back to civilization. He had heard it' said any one could teach. 'He had never felt so inclined to hit any one on the nose as when he heard that. If was not true. It took a genius to teach these chil dren. After alluding to the great economy of the Union and the immense amount it didJor £18,000 a year, , Mr.. Bullen highly eulogized the. services of the unpaid workers. The'r message of 'Come to Jesus' could not be improved upon. Butsomehow the R.S.U. had missed him. He knew he used to be continually hungry, and, he wanted very 'badly a place to sleep, and he wanted work, but most of all . he wanted some one to 'lave -him. At last he got a job at a'boot shop at Notting Hill. He scrubb ed out- the shop, and the woman said sh» had never seen a boy scrub out a shop so well. So she took him down, in to the kit chen to give him something, to eat. But bhere.was another: boy there, big .enough to eat him he thought, and she took tbis.other boy on her knee and caressed and loved Kim,; and he (F. T.' B.) burst out crying. They asked him why, and he said he did not know. And he did not then; but he knew now. He wanted some oae to love him. And so he went to sea; he did not find a great deal of ilove there, but he found some. Some sailors were brutes;. but some were b£autifu 1 characters. Their great trouble was they had no amusement, and they used -to get drunk, and then they would k'ick the boy. But when he got' to New Zealand he found teacher* there, and bo, as an ex-member of the ragged class, he appealed very urgently on behalf of the Ragged School Union.' A WOMEN'S EXHIBITION. The Women's Exhibition which was jpened on Saturday last at Earl'a Court is ran almost entirely by women. Women let as polk-emen, they form the band tor dispensing sweet music. They take the money, at the entrance, they attend the re freshment tables, and, in fact, do every thing' in connection with the affair with the exception of the management ? of the great wheel and of tiie water chute. The fact that men do the heavy work, calls forth the following fiom a. -cynical rhymester: ? In woman's latest triumph, where her flac of progress floats. . ' Some relics of Uie old regime may still be seen to lurk; ? The voyager on Earl's Court' lake sardonically notes ' . ? ... The woman takes the money and the man does ' all the work. There are more than a thousand women drawing weekly salaries for their sen-ices at the. Exhibition. Karl's Court- is at pre sent .the common rendezvous of all the nationalities. They are all represented in tine customary garb of the eountrr, and are to be seen working industriously at their knitting, embroidery, or other occupation. The show abounds in exhibits of interest' to the fair sex, in costumes, in tapestry in metals, m paintings, in representatives of all lands of the handiwork of women. ' The Queen of Roumania's'doils are a special 'at- traction. Botii amusement -and -education are ensured : by a^visit to the Exhibition. ? . , . ENGLISH XAVAL GUXS. Sir. Goschen 'had something of impor tance to'say this week on the quality of bur naval guns. He caused some amusement by 'his ridicule of a French criticism on a supposed trial of them in June last by showing..that the whole statement .was pure supposition, and the facts were mere. fabu- lous tissues of the French imagination. British guns were stated by cr.'tics to be deficient in muzzle velocity, and there fore inferior to French guns, but the question was— 'Which is better, to have much velocity at the muzzle, with a Hat tra jectory, but with a lighter projectile, or to have smaller velocity, but with a projectile which has greater impact when it strikes the object a.t which' it is aimed, and a greater destructive bursting charge?'' We had been reproached with having less velo city at the muzzle than 'the French, and they were criticised for having a lighter projectile than ours. Undoubtedly ours was the more destructive. For the latest 12-in. English gun the shell was 850 It). The French shell weighed 644.1b., but with all its higher muzzle velocity it hit with less weight ind power. Our .method had been deliberately adopted. This country was not hypnotised with the initial velocity idea as the French were. We had probed this mat ter to the bottom, and had been followed by the United States, Japan, and other countries. But we must, not sknd still. The Government had determined ' to appoint a committee -of scientific men to enquire, into possible improvements in explosives, with Lord Rayleigh as the Chairman. The Go vernment would discard red-tape, and it asked the chemists and metallurgists of the nation to give their mind to this great pro blem of the best propellant, not because we were dissatisfied, but because it behoved- us all to contribute to place the forces' of the nation on the highest level of perfection. THE GOSPEL OF LABOUR. The following is from the poems of Henry Van Dyke:— 'Tfiis is the gosoel of Labour— ring it, ve bells of the Kirk— . . ? ' The Lord of Love came down from above to ? live with the men who work. This is the rose that he planted here in the tliorn-crustcd soil— Heaven is blest with perfect rest, but the bless . inj; of the toil.' ? ?', ABIC FIRE. . ? The marmalade works .belonging to the well-known'iirm of Messrs. Keiller & Sons of Dundee, were burned down ?ast night, l'he bursting of a refrigerator was the cause Df the fire. The damage is estimated at £ 100,000. Seven hundred menvare thrown out of work. Many of them only escaoed trom the- burning building with great risk End difficulty. 