JUmaa |gable Jgalk, THE FIRST CHRISTMAS CARD. The first Christmas card was issued in December, 1848, from the office of the ' Home Treasury,' in Old Bond Street, and was sold for one shilling. It was, unlike modern Christmas cards, whose designs refer to any thing rather than Christmas, charac teristically Chrietmacsy. Its size was that of a lady's visiting card, and in this small space were cod - trived three pictures. In the centre is a family party. Three generations are feasting ot a table groaning under all raanjer of things — roast beef, plum pudding, and mince pies to wit — and they are further eoen to be washing down this solid meal with alcoholic liquors. At either end of this picture appears another, repre senting seasonable charity, the whole forming a striking contrast with the cards of recent years. New Year cards followed the iatroductiou of Christmas cards at a respectful distance ; but it is somewhat diffi cult to see why they should not really be more popular than their fellows, for surely, since good wishes cost nothing, it wero better to offer a compendious wish for a happy 365 days than a comparatively grudging aspiration for a week's jollity. But these vagarieB of fashion are things no one can pretend to understand. WHERE SNOW JALLS. 'Not only do snow-sweepers find more than do the ordinary ones, but they quite oftea find rather large parcels, for errand Iad3 stop to slide np tn hora a liniif- of. anniv. hnlllnnr they put their parceU down, and one of these is soon covered in a drift,' confessed a enow-sweeper recently. He had been for many years in the employ ot a. VVost End Vestry, and was therefore able to speak on the subject with accuracy born of per sonal experience. ' Many of the finds, too, come from people falling1. A lady falls, and articles in her hand or in her muff at the time roll amongst the enow. She is confused when she rises, and gets away as soon as possible, and many an'l many a purse have I both found myself and seen found. Always remember that in ordinary times, when one drops a coin or any article of that kind, it rings on the pavement, bat this is not so when snow and ice are on the ground; and whe-j tbeee partially remain for days, as (bey do in the suburbs, we always took out for valuables. I never swept snow for a full day without a find of some value, and I have found four or five coins of different values on tho same day, including some poor workman's money, made up in a little paper package, just as ho had received it at the pay nlfice.' THE ORIGIN OP THE 'WAITS.1 Few of the many quaint ol-l cus toms considered necessary to be kept at Yuletide by ouv fore-Cathera re main even in the shadow to the present-day. Perhaps the most popular remaining relic i» the waits or ' woyghtes,' itill dear to the heart of both old and young. Who, in deed, has not heard these time honored and welcome heralds of the festive season with feelings of cheor f ulness and joy ? The wayghtes in early times were musical night watchman in palaces, castles, camps, and all fortified towns, who piped at certain hours throughout the night for the purpose of changing guard or to awaken some early-rising knight by soft music at his chamber-door. These watchmen were appointed bj the municipal authorities in all towns, and enjoyed certain jealously-guarded privileges, which remained long after castles had been dismantled and internal fortifications were no longer necoBsary. They continued to parade tho streets on winter nights uj- to fte end of last century, WISHED TO SUJTRESS CHRIST MAS, It mny seem alrnont incredible, but H is a fact (hat within recent time* CUiifitmss Day wae described «s a superstition* festival, and put down in England by . the strong (hand ot the law. The holly and the ^mistletoe . bough wore ordered to' hs destroyed, root and branch^** ' plants of tao E/il OW Cakes anJ ? ale were held to be impious offering* to superstition. It was Oliver Crom well who ordered that throughout the principal townn in the country CUristmao should, not. be observed, ' it beiug a hurtful custom.' In Older to make people forget Christ-, mas, he enacted that all the markets should be held on lbs 35th, December. This was toucb'.utf (lie poop1*, enpeci a)'r tho country (Y'ik«, on (hair most feunitive paint. It was hardly to be 'ipscted that they would quietly submit to so extraordinary a rule, nor didtbey. ' ? ; THE MISTLETOE BOUGH. Everyone knows — or, at least, has heard — that famous old ballad, ? The MUtletoe Bous;b,' and probably most people are aware that Haynes Bayley founded it upon a legend, which tells how a bride amused herself on her Wadding-day by playing hideand seek and though the mansion' was searched from floor to roof, waB never seen again. ? Her skeleton was found long years afterwards in an oak chest,' n-hero. flfae had concealed herself, and bean imprisoned by the spring lock. Many who uiny sing tho song this thrift insstiJe will bo astonished to Jflirti that the identical old oak chest U iu the possession of Lieut-Colonel Greativood; of Tiverton Castle. It is au ancient coffer of oak, 'measuring five feet six and a half inches lonsr, by ono foot ten and a half inches in breadth, and two feet three inches high. Jt is most beautifulty carved, the frout being divided into three panels, depicting wooded landscapes. MILLIONS OF CHRISTMAS TREES. According to that crreat statistical authority, M-ilb»ll. during the festive season 400 OCO Christmas trees ore sold in Berlin, or one tree to every four inhabitants; while at Dresden, 200,00i) trees are purchased, which giv:'i an avorage of two trees to every thTPi* inhabitants. I£ we struck an avera&'ip, ami applied it to London's population, we should find one fled a third million Christmas trees decor ated and illumined on December 25th in tbo metropolis alone, or sufficient, if planted in a row and three feet apart, to extend from London to either Chrisliania, Vienna, Florence, or Madrid. Germany, however, is the home of the Christmas tree, the custom having been introduced by the conquering legions of Rome under 'Jrueus ; consequently to guage the popularity of the Christmas tree in England by the aid of a German standard would manifestly result in a considerable exaggeration. 113 MILES OF CHRISTMAS POD DING. Christmas pudding is a fascinating subject to those who hava not yet encountered the terrors of Demon Indigestion, and even raoit of those who have brave iboni.at Tuletiae *-y tasting ' just a bit,' for, as they re mark, ' It wouldn't seem likti Christ mas without a Christmas padding.' That, as a whole, our digestive organs are in pretty sound condition will be gathered from the fact that we consume no, less tha,n 3,,571 tons of Christmas puJJiugs. Just imagine the nightmares that lurk therein. Fancy, too, you, have one, and you eeo tbo natiOLal Christinas pudding as a glorious whole. It is a disc as big a« the great wheel at Earl's Court. And if you saw this pudding bng- drawn out you would not be able to nee (he ends of it if ynu were standing at its centre, for while pO'^g some three feet in cir cumference it would extend either way 300,000 feet, and wrmld reach nearly from London to Bristol, or llfr miles. If you chopped this length into columns pf the height of the Eiffel Tower you w/uld get 'J00 of them, while with the sackB - f . flour used in tUe making you u;iglit pavaa street, one. mile in length and twenty & ve feet bread. Why is a carriage like & priest ? Because it a eaver. if sole* (souls). Why should a soldier love tbe sea ? Becvjss he'* a tnaD-o'-war. ' Why is the eagle a ru'.'gious bird f Reca'ise il'n a, bir.l of prey (pray). VVJiy is a conk aa inconstant friend? Because she tumetimes gives us the cold flfaotiltler, «ud is often tlw cause of broil* between, us. What ia th« difference bntwesTi a. bid inau and a timid man? Not ranuh. One i- fowl- hearted and the other Chicken-hearted. In what way does a pistol repre sent the press ^ It occasionally re ports in a case of murder. What fish is seen oftenest during frosty weather f The skate. What part of r.peech is a kiss f A copulative conjunction. What is the difference between a snips and an unpricciple.l man f One always has a long bill in front of him, the other leaves a long bill behind him. Wiiy may the npa be taid to dislilcn 8ne clotheBf Eecaute it is always rough with a heavy swell. . When is a man like a farm loaf? When he is country bred (bread). ? What is tbe difference between Hamlel'n father and an averse? One is mi uobappy ghost, tbe o:her the Inppy medium. Wiiy does tea differ from an Eng lish .officer ? . Because it is. usually in the service of China. What two indoor, games does tea most . resambleP Draughts : among happy families. ^ ? Why does a doctor .never catch in fluenza? Because lie is (.n-jrapned up all tbe year round.' ? ' ??-?'' In which y»ar should we get the bMtajttingf Ijitggeu. ,t , t.-».-. ^ 