ECHOES AND RE- ECHOES. REVERBERATIONS. [By Hugh Kalyptus.] They tell a yam about a couple of menoi-waxamen—Jack ashore on the Harlech Castle reception day—wliicli is rather good. One of them had got half seas over, and his mate was carrying him on his back— sticking to a stranded comrade as sailors always do. He was a heavyweight, and Jaeky, who had as much sail" as ballast, grunted out—-'He savs it's Walkerville beer. I calls it Laydownville beer. That's •what I feel like doing." Lord Kitchener, the silent, general, has paid a high compliment to the Australians in detaining 400 of them ior further fighting—a tribute which Wie.v will doubtless appreciate from a soldier's pobit of view, bat which will hardly appeal to their smothers, and their sisters, and their cousins, and their aunts. Any. one who has Been our up-country coionials mustering cattle, droving, and harvesting throughout a blazing day irom early dawn to dewy eve, will understand their value. Hard as nails, all bone, whipcord, and leather, not an ounce of extra iiesh on them. It is a grand country for training a man for service in South Africa- In the old Peninsula days' English officers were wont to expatiate upon the hardihood of the Spanish soldiers in marching 40 miles a day and then dancing out the evening with the village maidens; but Wapstraw will ride or •walk for 10 or 12 hours under a blazing mm; get a fresh horse and gallop 20 miles or so to the nearest township to a "shivoo;" and be back when the magpies are warbling «pd the jacks hilarious for his day's graft. CoL Tom Price, who objected to "a dog trad monkey show" of his men at Albany on Sunday, with pubs and permits to break the Eunday-closing Act, was very sarcastic over the four-day sandwiches, wanting a tomahawk to starve them with. Has he ever experimented upon a railway bun? A small boy offered one to an ostrich at the Zoo, but it shook its head meaningly. He passed it on to Miss Siam, and she handled it with her trunk, and the dull thud of it as she flung it over the tree tops sounded like a pom-pom shell dropped upon, the asphalt in Mafekinc. Asking one of our "returned empties" •what he thought of Kruger, his reply was, '"He looked like a stout old cof er with a bad digestion and apr< of die quality of his customers. ~Brains? Oh! yes; he's got brains—too much of them. Thai's what's-the matter with him. If he ihad had more sense and less brains, he wouldn't be a travelling lecturer without pay. R. S. Smyth .ought to make money out of him, if he could only "get hold of the old fellow; but Kruger would want the whole show and gate money for himself." The Belgians are too funny with their war cry, "Down with the British." They should bank their fires and go slow, or we shall rake up the unpleasant recollection of tine snub the Duke of Wellington gave them in the grand crisis of the. battle of Waterloo when they refused to' chaxge, -were ignominionsly ordered off the field, and galloped 3>ack most willingly to Brussels, spreading the report that toe British - were beaten. The Duke had no u&e; for people who wantt ed to be deadheads in the dress circle. His ghost must have smiled when some years after the battle the Belgians claimed that they ihad helped to. win it—well, Bill Adams won -die battle of Waterloo, and so did the Belgian commander who objected to oppose hislight cavalry to the heavy dragoons of France. • • DOWN WITH THE ENGLISH. "Down with the English," that's the cry That comes from craven throats; Still over all the British flag In triumph freely floats. "Down with Ahe English," is the cry O! nerveless people who Bare not the .energy to -win Their way at English do. "Dona with the English" is the yell Of gutter press and crowd, "Who shout when John Bull's back is turned. But dare not speak aloud. When British soldiers breast tlx: height^ And British bay'nets flash, . And British soldiers foot to foot .Against the ramparts dash. "Down with the English" rends the air When England's trade expands, And -countries ,badly goverened see . The work of willing han&- "Down with the .English" is the note Of those wba take the wall; .All effete races, clogged in cloth, % \- Eventually* must fall. "Down with the English" is the whine Ox nations in decay— Corruption and - misgovernment— 'It's just their little way." The grand pld flag will not go down While Brit&i; blood is warm. The Knfrlifih and Colonials Can weather any storm. There was a little Irishman once, with any amount of pluck and love of fighting characteristic of his race. He was spoiling for a scrimmage, and yelled out—"Show Jne £h' man thai sirtruck Buckley; show me him whoile I annoihilate him.'" "Begad, it -was me," said a big six-footer stepping forward. "Ah!, well, an' ye did it nate," replied the little gamecock bs he dipped back in the crowd. He had discretion with valour. The Belgians who howl down the British •had neitner. They certainly bad discretion when they bolted from the 'field of Waterloo. 