THE TRAITRESS. A LOVE STORY OF THE LAST BOER WAR. The Daily News Weekly Old Oom Jan, Major in the Boer Army, was of far too violent and explosive a nature to restrain the passion which filled him upon his discovery. His tremendous roars of rage far more than filled the house; they volleyed down the one street of the village. His wrath, his joy, or his good fortune, he seldom hid within him- self, nor even in the immediate circle of his family. His heart, like these of most men of a natural and not acquired. hon- esty, was worn upon his sleeve.. Already the village was aware of Martha de Kalb's incredible treachery, and was at its doors, sorrowful, wondering, angry, in its divers moods. Major de Kalb now stood at his own open door, brandishing the fatal letter. Young Peter was in the spider, already prepared to drie the trembling renegade from her home for ever. Inside, the fat and motherly Tante of Kalb sat in a huge chair and wailed arid wept and implored her husband to be less hasty, to be more merciful. That was asking the impossible. There are three things which the old-time Boer loves, and these three are placed in inexchangable order—his God, his coun- try, and his home—that is, his family. As his country would yield pveference to his religion, if such a ease might occur, so must his child give place to his country. To ask him to shelter Martha, who had hurt the Transvaal cause, was to ask too much from Oom Jan. Therefore poor Taute de Kalb wailed in vain. The broad-shouldered, bearded, steel-hearted old Boer only turned the torrents of his rage upon his wife. 'No fault but your's, vrouw!' he shout- ed, and in the orange-scented silence of the valley his voice sounded distinctly in the ears of the listening neighbours, and passed up the hillsides, to tremble far in- to the heart of the woods. 'No fault but your own! To play the piano' {he brought his fist down upon the cottage instrument bought for his daughter so that he split the top in halves), 'to jabber poetry, to be educated, to be like any cursed En- glishman's daughter—that's what you in- sisted upon, and coaxed and cried for.' 'Oom Jan! Oom Jan!' his wife wailed. 'Why not? Are the Englishmen to enjoy everything, and our children nothing?' "We enjoy what our fathers enjoyed; our children ran enjoy the same. They were at peace and happy and blessed in the Lord, without pianos and education— without the English. The English! They have invaded my country, and now —they have destroyed my home.' The old woman sobbed. 'Don't send the daughter away,' she cried. 'After all, do not all the maidens love at some time?' 'Lovel' roared the old patriot. 'Love! Love an Englishman! What kind of love has she who will betray the Fatherland for her love? Listen again, then, you old, foolish woman, to the letter.' In the same loud voice he began to road the missive which the unhappy mo- ther had found among her daughter's things, and innocently handed it to him. 'Dear Girl,—I love you alt the mow for the solicitude with which you write me of what you call my danger. But how could I, my dear, even if I desired to, leave my post at this late day? All that you say of the Transvaal's preparations may foe true. Still—what can unskilled farmers do against the troops we have? It will be one brush, and they will see their folly. Then there will be quick peace, and you. and I will meet again, as in the happy days when I first met you in Capetown. To that time! Your own, 'Ned Venable,' 'P.S.—My dear, your news is very in- teresting, but is it not dangerous—dan- gerous for you to write such things? This goes by your own Kaffir messanger.' 'And that Kaffir is pretty well thrash- ed to death,' cried the Boer, tearing the letter furiously and stamping on the scraps. 'So, by my fathers, would you be, girl, if you were not a girl and my vrouw's child.' 'Father, father ! I meant no wrong !' cried his daughter, and clasped her hands and wrung them, sobbing. She had come in from her chamber, dressed for her enforced journey. She did not look like the traitress they de- nounced her as, although undoubtedly she had given information to an officer of the enemy's army. She was of the best Boer type—almost the old Dutch, save that her cheeks were more flushed with the kiss of the sun, and her blue eyes were unusually—although not now—clear with the light of freedom. Her yellow hair was neatly coiled on her white cheek. Even now, in her grief and hum- iliation, there was in her walk and her carriage the grace of a woman accustom- ed from childhood to run on the veldt, to gallop across it bareback, to take part in many of the exercises which had helped to make her father, Oom Jan, .the physic- ally grand man who now stood glaring upon her. 'Father, father! I meant no wrong!' she cried. 'No wrong!' he repeated, and pointing almost pathetically to the torn paper at his feet. 'Has all your education in Capetown not taught you what 'treachery' means? Is it no wrong to send secret messages of the Transvaal's preparations,' to send 'news which might be dangerous' to an officer in the army of invaders? Is it no wrong to love a man, and he an Englishman, and never tell your mother as a good Boer girl would?' His voice was now more reproachful than furious, and she was encouraged by that to look up at him with pleading, face. Her eyes were as guileless as a child's. 'I cannot see yet where it was wrong', she said simply. 'I am his betrothed wife, but, because he was English, we thought it better to say nothing until peace had come. As for the rest, father, I saw so much when I was with yon a- mongst the soldiers that I was afraid for him. They think so lightly of the dan- ger they are running into. I wrote to him to prevent him coming with the En- glish soldiers.' 'So you told him your plans,' he cried bitterly. And by this time, he has re- ported to his general.' 'My private letter!' she cried, ingenu- ously, but he would not listen. 'Traitress!' he cried, and his eyes gleamed dangerously, and he took her by the shoulders and pushed her from the house of her fathers, while her mother's voice rose up to the old time-darkened roof in a long scream of agony and pity. Martha staggered forward, and the door closed with a crash behind her. The girl's cheeks were white now as milk, but there was in her eyes no anger nor fear—merely a sense of dazed wonder, as if the world itself had been left behind. She was utterly alone. The women stood at their doors, silent. Children peeped from behind their mother's skirts, frightened yet curious, as at sight of a bogie. For a moment Martha glanced up the street and down, The village was very still. In the orchards, sloping up- wards behind the houses on either side of the narrow street, there was no sign of life—no pickers, no primers. In the broad park below the clear brook bub- bled through the trees, and their oxen fed as usual, but the merry herders were not there. Only the thinly piping voiccs of two very small urchins rose up from the meadows. The church was deserted, the stores was closed. Nowhere were there any but two very old men at their stoops; even the boys of fair size were a- way. Even to her bewildered brain, the absence of men-folk and the consequent lack of noise, of sound of work, struck strangely. Then she remembered; they we commandeered, her father and her brother's brethren, the Boes. Everyone of them was now away, with his faithful gun, to the army, and by the morrow probably many may be dead—many of her own people, many of her lover's peo- ple, perhaps her father or her brother, perhaps her betrothed. Her lips trem- bled, but she looked up bravely and met the eyes of the silent women. She pitied them. She knew what they were, as she herself might have been if these happy years of school-life in Capetown had nev- er come to her—stolid, ignorant of all things save their Bibles, unable to judge their enemy, only to hate him Yet they were grand in their faith and simplicity, trusting in the Lord for victory on the next day. She, too, although she knew what the red soldiers could do, feared, yes, feared that her countrymen would win, for, if they did, foretelling a crush- ing blow, she guessed the fate of her darling lover so conscious of his own men', fighting powers so contemptuous of those of the farmer soldiers. So she looked bravely into the eyes of the Boer women. They would call her 'traitress' and groan as they did now, but she had done the best she knew, the only thing she could do to warn Venable that he was fighting against no foe to be laughed at. 'Let God Judge,' she murmured. 'If she was a traitress. Could it be treach- ery to try to save the life of the beloved. Very simple she was, very innocent of the grander motives of heroines, for all her studies—little better than a child acting by heart's impulse of love's prompting, and those alone. This she had done, but now her father called her 'traitress,' but that was bitter, and her home was closed for ever against her, and the women whom she had played and worked among hooted her. A small boy threw a stone, and her brother cried sul- lenly to her to hurry. When they had driven out of the vill- age and out of the quiet valley, and were on the rough trek crossing the veldt, she looked at him gently, for he was younger than she, a boy of sixteen, and asked:— 'Where are you taking me, Peter?' He never looked at her as he answer- ed sullenly 'To old Van Belt's farm. It is out of the line of fighting, and thence you can get to the Frontier on a horse. Father gave me the money to give to you. With it you can get easily among your friends, in your own country.' 'But the—the Transvaal is my coun- try, Peter!' 'Never,' cried the boy with a ferocious sternness bred of his father's blood, 'nev- er again! If you were a man it would be your country—to be shot and buried in. You are lucky that my father, and not the general discovered your treason— spy,' 'Brother, brother,' she stammered, pit- eously; 'I told him alone, the man who is to marry me.' Peter laughed loudly. 'Marry! Many you! When that ver- damiter Uitlandar knows he has got out of you all the information he can get, he will—despise you.' The boy, who was not natually butal, any more than her father, Jan de Kalb, had never before been harsh with her. Martha at her brother's words began to realise for the first time how great was her sin in the eyes of her own kinsfolk. She had hidden her love from her mother, that was an offence, but trivial. She had sent news of the army to her English lover—that was more than unpardonable. Henceforth she was an outcast. 'God, country, home'—all had bitten sinned a- gainst. No Boer could forget that; no Boer could ever forget that. 'At least let us part in kindness, broth-. er Peter,' she cried in despair. And he answered without looking at her: 'You have no brother.' It was dark when they drove into old Van Belt's farmyard, but lanterns were moving about in the shadows, and voices were calling to each other in sudden ex- citemeut. The farmer himself came up to the cart, in surprise—a very old man. 'Are the rooineks in Springbokfontein?' he asked with alarm. 'Has Martha come to me for safety?' 'No, no, Oom," Peter answered hur- riedly. 'She needs a good horse. She has far to go. Oom Jan, my father, sends her on important business. No one else can go— every man from the village is with the army, and I must hurry back to join them.' 'Our maddens are brave.' cried the old man proudly. 'When God gives even the girls such strength of heart, we shall surely conquer in His name. You shall surely have my best horse, Martha, but wait and have your coffee first.' Martha tried to press Peter's hand in recognition of the unexpected kind- ness with which he had saved here from more shame, but he roughly drew it away as if himself ashamed of displaying so much mercy. They went into the house, and there a surprise awaited them. Old Van Bolt's only son lay on a bed grievous- ly wounded. The farmer spoke of him with solemn quietude. 'They just brought him home before you came.' said the old man, who had bled many a time himself for the Fatherland, and was now content to offer up his boy on the altar. 'The fighting has begun. There have been one or two skirmishes. Stephen here is badly hurt, and one or two patriots are dead, but for every one of ours God has smitten three of the in- vaders.' Martha did not hear the last senten- ces. She had stepped swiftly to the bedside leaning over the patient. 'Where, Stephen—where—how—how did you come by this?' She touched an embroidered 'kerchief tied round the young soldier's arm, stain- ed with his blood. The man opened his eyes and smiled recognition. 'Martha de Kalb.' he said, 'you women are doing good work among the wound- ed. That? O. that I crawled over to when I was shot down, and took from a dead Englishman's neck. You see, I was bleeding bad, and had to take the first thing I saw. She knew it. She had embroidered it herself. She had given it to Lieutenant Venable. She drew back without faint- ing. but now with a numbness in her heart that was more deathly than her previous despair. She was away at last. Peter, her brother, helped her in that. He was anx- ious to be done with his work—a kind of executioner's work. Besides, like every young Boer, he was eager to get back to his father and the leaders in the decis- ive fight which they all knew must be close at hand, and show the older heroes of the people that their younger brothers- in-arms were made of the same stern stuff as their fathers. The farmer had done as he promised, and given her an excellent horse, wishing her Godspeed on what he presumed was a secret mission. Neither did anybody ex- press fear of possible danger, for her. They knew she was veldt-bred, acquaint- ed with the country, and a good horse- woman, Peter handed her a revolver at the last moment, She looked in his eyes as she took it, but he turned away. Yet she knew the thought which was in the iron-minded Boer boy's soul. And, per- haps, she meditated, that would be best. Father, mother. brother, country and lov- er all lost in one day—a traitress; a spy. Surely it would be the best to shoot her- self out there one night, on the lonely veldt. There was but a quarter moon; its light and that of the stars served only to make the solitude of the veldt more shad- owy and fearful to a stranger. Martha was no stranger to night in the bush. Very often in slow ox waggons, or in the swifter cart behind her father's horse, or, as now, in the saddle, she had traveled guideless, save for the star marks, along long, rough treks, To- night there was a bout her soul darker shadows of more un- happy portent than ever were cast upon the plain to affright the wanderer. IF she meant to use the money Peter had thrust on her, she knew the safe road to the Frontier, and thence to the Colony and her schoolday friends. But she did not now argue that matter. The thought of going to Capetown did not enter her mind. The sight of the 'kerchief had in an instant killed all notion of seeking the English. What were English people to her now? Her lover dead, all England was a dream. And that dream gone, the hiss- ing reality was before her eyes again. She was the spy, the traitor, the outcast. The thought of turning the pistol on herself came again more than once, but she was a girl never given to morbidness at any time, and now, in spite of the stunning blows which that day had con- founded her, the reaction, more physical than mental, began, and.instinctively she comenced, though almost unconciously, to question what might be done. Ven- able was dead, and she needed comfort. To whom could she go for that save her mother, and by what means coulde she reach again old Taute's breast? How could she turn aside her father's wrath? She had left the reins on the horse, and the beast was following a path which did not lead to the Frontier. Suddenly a distant crackling of musketry made the animal prick his ears and start. The noise, which thus broke the gloomy sil- ence of the veldt, awoke Martha to a clearer sense of where she was. She sat more straightly in the saddle,. and listen- ed. They came again, not in volleys, but in the scattered reports of skirmish fir- ing—the sounds of many guns . There was her father, there by now might be Peter, holding back the invader. There, if she had had the luck, she thought, to have been born a boy, should she be. She halted and her eyes shone in the dark- ness. Why shouldd she not be? Why not prove to her people that she was, if a traitress, not one with intended malice? She could shoot almost as well as Peter; she was more active than men of older age. For full five minutes she remained at a halt, and then swinging her horse off the trail, she galloped to the right straight across the country, following no path nor trek, save the sure guide of her native knowledge of the land. By dawn the veldt was alive, with strange noises and unwonted visitors. Trumpets were calling across the grasses. The clatter of steel scabbards against spurs and stirrup irons rang out in the quiet air. Drums were beating. The sound and sharp commands came swiftly from the mouths of alert sergeants. The English camp was struck, and the first rays of the sun glanced from the buttons and bayonets of the invading army as it formed column and marched into the heart of the coveted land. Swinging a- long with the practised, never faltering step of long drilled soldiers, the army passed, with every here and there a bronz- ed horseman darting from front to rear and rear to front with orders, and flying above it the proud banner that has been so infrequently lowered. So they passed, the gay group of gen- eral and staff in front, chatting and laughing, until, of a moment, their talk and laughter ceased, and swiftly the chief sent his aides back along the column with sharp orders to close up. Down the trek with grim faces, came slowly in retreat the advance guards, the scouts, bearing with them wounded men and dead. 'The enemy is in force,' they said, 'but they won't stand. They are here, there, and everywhere, over the veldt, behind anthills and trees, behind rocks on the kopjes, always keeping at a distance and picking off our men with every shot at long range.' A stronger guard was sent to the front; scouts were sent out on either flank, and the column again moved for- ward. Now the laughing and talking ceased, and;vexation and wrath were on the face of the chief, and were reflected on the faces of his aides, for the number of soldiers being sent to the surgeons in the rear was increasing, and nothing could be seen of the Boers but distant horsemen, or rapidly moving squads far off, or occasionally sharpshooters many yards away, or perpetual puffs of smoke above boulders and behind the scrubby trees. Little drilled in battle and hol- low square, the farmer soldiers were de- fending their country in their own way. So the column passed on—so the Boers retreated, harassing front and flank, and the English general growled and grum- bled. And a little boy, riding alongside his father to see the fun, so sure were the English that it would be little more than a sham battle, looked up at the officer and asked with surprise: 'Pa, isn't it time yet to begin to lick them?' Meanwhile the patriots had moving among them their pastors, and, before the fight commenced, their day had be- gun with prayer to the Lord of Hosts. Theirs was not the trim and soldierly ap- pearance of the invaders. Old men were there in the clothes in which they follow- ed the plough; boys were there in the garb in which they herded the cattle or guided the long ox trains. Their visage was grimly solemn, man and boy. As they retreated along the trek's flanks, holding together in squads, undisciplined save by the force engendered by each man's love of land, each man's deter- mination to follow to the end a common purpose, officers galloped among them, cheerily and earnestly encouraging them. Among these officers was old Oom Jan, and. for all his years, his eye was as bright, and his form was erect in the sad- dle as those of his people thirty years younger than he. He scanned, as he rode, the faces of those sharpshooters whom he passed, delivering a deadly fire upon the enemy, and many he knew and many he spoke to. But one he knew, and yet knew not, for the face puzzled him until, finding Peter his son, eager- eyed and busy, he pointed the stranger out, and asked if Peter knew who he was and from what district he came. Then, looking at his boy's face, he smiled and said:— 'He's not unlike you, my son.' So Peter, finding an opportunity as they moved position, drew close to the stranger, and at once knew who it was, although the yellow hair was closely cut, and the trim, Cape-made dress had given place to the rude dress of a Boer farm- er's lad. 'Martha!' he cried. She looked at him with a smile. 'Is there any other way or better way in which I can prove I did not mean trea- son?' she asked. He was bewildered. 'Where did you get these clothes?' 'Cousin Hofmeyr is sick, and I went to his farm and took them.' He said nothing more for awhile, then asked:— 'Do you know that Lieutenant Vena- ble is with them?' 'He is dead,' she said. 'Martha,' he said, after a long pause, 'father and I were furious last night, but —but—this makes things'— From in front came a prolonged call —the Boer bugle call, and there was no time to see Oom Jan. A high hill was at hand, and the Boer's plan of battle was nearing its complete development. It was Majuba Hill. The Boers retired, and their relentless sharpshooting slack- ened. The unfortunate English general seized the chance to occupy the hill. It was a vain move. The soldiers were al- most unprotected. The Boers swarmed about in force, and their firing became more destructive than ever. In desper- ate fashion the English charged down the steep, rocky side. They dropped before they reached the foe. The Boers gave vent at last to shouts of triumph. They had the enemy in a trap, such trap as Martha had warned her lover was immi- nent. The general died by his own hand, fearful of disgrace. The little boy was dead with his father, but the awful torrent of bullets from these soldier- hunters poured on relentlessly. Now and again, as desperate English- men formed and charged in a sort of for- lorn hope, they and the Boers came face to face and hand to hand, and more than once when this happened the traitress was there, her gun and her revolver do- ing their work. Peter was apart, too busy to think of her. Oom Jan did not know she was there. In the hurry and the scurry of the day nobody but Peter had recognised her. At last there came down the hill, with a cheer, a company Englishmen, led by a young officer, revol- ver in one hand and sword in the other. At sight of that officer Martha forgot her dress. She dropped her arms and utter- ed a shrill scream of dismay. 'Ned! Ned!' she cried. At that the officer checked himself, dropping the point of his sword. He looked round wildly, and, as if a ghost had spoken, he answered wonderingly; 'Martha?' The traitress had left the Boer ranks. She was dashing wildly up the hill. She threw herself into Venable's arms, and for one instant they were breast to breast. Then, among the storm of bull- ets, one found a tragic mark. It struck the Boer maiden between the shoulders, and. passing through her body and his, they fell dead together. It may be remembered that a man named John Williams, alias Roberts, alias Nixon; was arrested here early in 1897, changed with forging the name of Frank Crapp to several cheques, and ut- tering them to Mr Ferguson, then kee- per of the Railway Refreshment Rooms at Homestead. The case came on for hearing at the Police Court at Pentland, and during a remand the accused was allowed bail, Messrs Gill (storekeeper) and Kelly (butcher), going sureties for his appearance, but on the day that he should have appeared he was missing. A warrant for his arrest was issued, but nothing was heard of him until the Police recently discovered him out on the Lower Flinders, and he was arrested on Wednesday, the 7th inst, by Acting-Ser- geant Bell, of Richmond Downs. He will appear at Richmond, and after evidence is taken will be remanded to Char- ters Towers to complete the prosecution. As Messrs Gill and Kelly's bonds were entreated after the accused absconded from bail, and they had to pay up, it is very improbable that the defendant will find either his previous bondsmen or any one else willing to take any such risks again, On Saturday evening a collision be- tween a 'bus owned by Mr Siemon and a cab owned by Mr Dobbs occurred at Queenton in front of Messrs McQuillen and Anderson's store. It is alleged on hearsay that the cabman was endeavour- ing to pass the 'bus, which was driven by a man named Smith, and the latter forced the cabman to drive into the ver- andah of Messrs McQuillen and Anderson, thereby wrecking the hood of his cab. The horses in both vehicles, it is stated, were being driven at a gallop, and the 'bus, continuing, drove over the footbridge at the corner of Sadd's Ridge and Mid- chester Road, the wheel of the 'bus break- ing through, and the sudden fall precipi- tating Smith to the ground, and causing him to sustain two crushed fingers. Both vehicles contained passengers, who were naturally greatly perturbed by the incident. Indeed, it is marvellous that no lives were lost, but as it is it is be- lieved a little girl was slightly injured. It is, on the whole, fortunate that the collision has occurred, as the misbehav- ior of drivers has now been prominently brought before the public notice, making a searching inquiry, and the severe pun- ishment of the guilty parties or party, a certainty. That drivers of licensed ve- hicles should have the temerity to race and work out their private quarrels at the risk of the public in one of the prin- cipal thoroughfares of the town on a busy night such as Saturday, is an un- wholesome and overwhelming testimony to the contempt in which such offenders hold the traffic authorities of the town. The Bi-inonthly Registration Court, the P.M. sitting, was; held at the Police Court on Tuesday, when 26 names were registered for the Charters' Towers Elec- torate. and one claim was rejected, the claimant's name being already on the roll. No claims were received for the Charters Towers division of the Kennedy electorate. 