WHAT THE MANDARIN KNEW. "Dear Sue." tho letter ran, "you must have guessed long ago what it Is that I am going to ask you. Our friendship is one of many years' standing, and ever since I came back from college lasi sum mer that friendship has come to mean something more. Sometimes I have felt sure that you guessed my secret, hut I have hesitated to tell you. for I am so unworthy uf you and have had so little to offer In return for the great thing I ask for. \- "I cannot wait any longer. I must know where I stand. Can you love me. Sue? Can vmi consent to he my wife? I , love you dtarly, and If I got the ap- i p ointment i spoke of to you yesterday 1 we would have enough to start on at i least. Your father toys he is willing If ' you ore. I can't r.."k poetically, as Home fellows might, but my love Is sincere und ; true, and If you can bring yourself to I ray ves vnu will make me very, very happy. I shall wait impatiently for an The letter was signed. "Devotedly yours, Tom." Hhe was sitting in the sur.nv hay window of her bedroom as she read It. and smiles nnd tears struggled for supremacy on her sweet face. She was a motherless girl, the only child of a devoted father, and she loved this Tom very dearly. Indeed, she coukl scarcely remember when she had not loved him, and now at last what she had secretly longed for In her dear little maidenly heart had come to pa38. Tom wanted her to he his wife. As alio sat down to write her answer her'hrart sang, hut her pen could not he persuaded to put In glaring black -and white the loving thoughts of the writer, and after several unsuccessful begin nings which were promptly consigned to the fire, she wrote: "Dear Tom : Come and have a cup of tea with me to-morrow at 4 o'clock.— Yours. SUE." She sent this off. feeling quite sure that Tom would understand that this meant "Yes." . Tho next day she was busy all the morning with some charity work In which she was deeply Interested, but when 4 o'clock came she was nt home daintily gowned, trying to look the calm ness wheh she did not feel nr. she waited for her lover. Every sound on the street drew her to the window — she peeped out between the curtains at least a dozen times— hut It was a false alarm each time. Half nn hour passed— three- quar ters— still no Tom. Her heart sank like lead. Perhaps something had happened to him; some accident. Perhaps— and now the blushes covered her cheeks— per haps It had all been some Joke and he didn't really love her. Well, thank good ness, she hadn't said much to Incriminate herself In that letter. But, oh, how was she ever going to stand it? And here the pretty face took refuge in her pocket handkerchief, there to remain until the announcement of dinner forced her to much rubbing wllh cold water and eau de cnlngne In order to got her swollen lids into anything llko their normal condition. Her father noticed thut something was amiss and blundered into It by saying : "What took Tom off In such r. hurry? He took tho afternoon train to Boston. Must have been something out of the ordinary." She managed to murmur something al most indistinguishable about "guessing it was some business matter" and tho moment dessert wns over ran to her room to argue wllh her own fears. "Of course, he was called away suddenly— that was IL I sh;.JI hear from him to morrow, explaining all about It," and she went to sleep that night much comforted. Nevertheless, five days elapsed nnd jao word came from the delinquent lover. . Finally poor Ultle Sue made up her mind that he had seen her affection for him and had been simply trilling with her, so she made a mighty effort to put him out of her mind entirely. She tried to go about her usual duties ns bravely and cheerfully ns heretofore, and a few days after this found her one afternoon the centre of a merry little group of girl friends, sitting around the pleasant fire chatting cosily. One or two of theni hnd tried putting some leading questions lo her about Tom Fielding, but she answered them with so lino an as sumption of unconcern that they decided Uint "there was nothing In that affair after all." Finally when they had con fided to each other all the secrets thoy know and gossip began to languish, Sue suggested to Marjorlo Flanders that she start the kettle going, so that they might have a cup of tea. One of the oilier girls started lo expedite operations by putting the tea In Die teapot, but when she open ed the lea caddy— a grinning little man darin whose head served as the lid to the tea caddy, she discovered a little folded wisp of paper Inside the quaint little figure. She pulled It out nnd, without thinking, begun to unfold it, when sud denly u line of writing in pencil caught her eye. "My own dear Sue," that was ull she saw. "Oh, girls— see here— see here— a love letter of Sue's in the tea caddy. I though she had a secret." "What do you mean?" said Sue, jump ing up, pale as a ghost, "Now don't you wish you knew?" be gan her friend, but when she looked ot Sue's white Imploring face she realised that this wus no time for teasing and handed her the letter without further parley. Sue rati to the window and by the fad ing light she saw a rough page from ft note book on which was scrawled in pencil the following words: "My Own Dear Sue: Your lltllo note has filled me with such a sweet hope that I'm filled wllh disappointment at not finding you in, but I got a telegram tell ing mo to come to Boston this afternoon. That means the appointment and that In Its turn ineanH you, und one cozy little borne If your note meant what I hope It did. I hoped to find you nt home this mornlrtg, but your stupid housemaid doesn't know where you are. To make sure that you get this I'm going to con fide It to Uie safe-keeping of the man darin, for I know you will open him to get your tea. Write to me at once, darling, care Blank Si Co.. Boston, and tell mc in plain English what my answer Is. It muy be two weeks before I could hear It from your UpB.— Yours ever, "TOM." "Oh, you wretched little mandarin." cried Sue. "to think that you lmd known about this. nil these days nnd. never so much as winked/' and Uicn, of course, Die girls lmd to be told all about It, and this Sue did, with many blushes. Then they all insisted that she sit right down and write her answer to the letter that very minute. In the meantime there wns nn anxious and unhappy yountf man In Boston. He watched the malls and pestered the post- tjinn till that worthy crossed the street whenever he saw Tom's form approach ing. At last his nnxlcty reached such a point that the very moment that Sue wns writing her answer a telegram wns brought in saying: "Have you opened the mandarin lately? Please answer. "TOM." How the glris all laughed! Tho tele gram which answered Tom's anxious query has never been mnde known to tho public, but Its general tenor may be guotiscd by tho foot that It was ac companied by five other telegrams of congratulation, each a perfect master piece of veiled allusion. Mr and Mrs Tom Fielding have boon living for some months in a pretty IRDe apartment In the Back Bay region in Boston— and If you look in a little cabi net in which Ihey keep their dearest treasures you wil see, standing proudly nn a carved tcakwnod stand, with a most inscrutable smile on his face, their household fetish, the' mandarin. - 