THEDOWNFALLOF ENGLAND- A FRENCH DREAM. Napoleon attempted the invasion "of England and failed. But that fact does not prevent Frenchmen from elaborating ingenions plans by which the downfall 'of England may be accomplished. In a recent number of " Le Monde Iliustre " we are told bow France and Russia will this year invade England, occupy London, and partition the Empire. The story is very plausible and circumstantial, and is illustrated by numerons photographs and illustrations. The " Daily News Weekly " gives a short" account oE this curious prophecy of coming doom. THE SPARK IN THE l'OWDEIl I1ARREL. The preface of this political cataclysm is laid at Kouck (Konshk) OD the Afghanistan frontier. Its date is July 16th —for the story is circumstantial even to dates as well as to places, atmosphere, and the names of the living men. Thus, on July lGth, a baud of Afghan bandits — —200 iu number—foil upon the railroad at Kouck. slay the attendants, and set fire to tbe rolling stock and station Hie news arrives in Russia two days later. At the same moment tbe Ministry is informed that the Ameer, Abdur- Bahman, has been slain by his nephew, who has been elevated to the throne. It is known that tbe dead Ameer was about to sign a treaty granting Russia permission to extend the Trans-Caspian railroad from Merv through Herat to Kandahar, and as the assassin usurper hag appointed a British agent his Premier, the influences are obvious. Iustantly upon the arrival of the information, the Ozar retiree to his palace of Gatchina. General Dragomirow and the Minister of War are summoned. In Paris a fever of excitement seize citizen and official alike. The Exposition his been a disaster ; the British arc blamed. All the world looks toward Russia. WAlt HEG UN. For six days tbe Czar is silent. Despatches shun' that the troops arc beiug hurried by botb England and Russia to the Afghan frontier, il. do Montebello, tbe French Ambassador at St Petersburg, is in confcrence with the Czar at Gutchiua. On the morning of Jnly 24, the Czar movfs. He transmits an order to General SobeJoli to more at once upou Herat. At the same iiiBtant, Great Britaiu orders her Ambassador to leave Russia ; on tbe following day the Russian Ambassador leaves London. War has begun. The first corps of Russiaus leaves Kouck at once. It consists of 22,000 men and 48 pieces of cannon, and is composed of troops furnished by the Trans- Caspian provinces and by the military district of Turkestan. On July 28th it proceeds to attack Herat. Assaulted on two sides, the town makes but o brief resistance to the energetic assault of tbe Russians. FRANCE JOINS RUSSIA. With tbe announcement of hostilities, France arises in tbe night. Prodigious enterprise appears everywhere, but particularly at Tonlon and other naval stations. In twelve hours the French have prepared their Mediterranean fleet for sea. Four transatlantic liners are in the harbor embarking troops. At midnight, August 8, the fl^et sails. Its objective is Alexandria and the Suez Canal. Admiral Fonrni-r C(ii))iiia:i'ls. liis scaled orderi;, opened at wr-, li'll him that he is to in.'el tbe Ituseiau fleet at Bizerta, and that Hie English squadron must be led to expert that be is still at Toulon But on arriving at Alexandria there is a Mii-nris-. Tiie British flag no longer floats nw (IK 5 city. Instead, tbe banner of lifjj'pt waves in the browse. But B'1 is explain'D. Lord Cromer has been i>^as>inate<l, the Khedive lias seiz-d tbe three llritisb battalions, and Motirad Bey, I be Minister of War, has seized the Suez Canal, In addition, the caliie code of the British is i:i the Egyp- i tians' possession, and for fir» days it answers Lmi !'>n's demands ?it!> the as- Eorance that a'l is well. Ar.JIINAI, FISUEK'S MLDSDHB. In the meanwhile, tbj Mediterranean squadron of the British, under Admiral Fisljir, is on its way to destroy tbe Freu-jh 11 of, supposed to be at Toulon. Moreover, th« Su'tan of Turkey, alarmed by tbe lurii of offline, has permitted the Russians in the Black Sea to pass through the Dardanelles to j.-in the French. ilenolik, Emprror of Ahyesim.i, accepting (lie opportunity, advances along the tipper Ni'r, seizin? ihe British posts and occupying Fasboiia. 'J'he French and the Russians, j lining fleets and forces, fortify the Suez Canal. On the 19th an attack by Admiral Fnimier upon Malta ri'dnces it, and the fleets of Russia aud France cover tbe RCA. But, curiously, on that saajn day, Ailmiral Fisher opens' fire on TOUIOD. The blockade of Tonlon ia a!so organised, and Sir Charles Berenford is despatched to bombard Marseilles, with tbe Anson, the Peerless, and tlie Isis, thus withdrawing a portion.of Admiral Fisher's forces. On August 28 in the midst of this bombardnjeutjof forlificar" lions, the English fleet is snddenly and - unexpectedly assailed by ttiq combinedforces of France and Russia. . . V • A dreadful sea fight ensues: For once—on paper—the'English' fleet-«is overwhelmed. Ship" after ship is sunk. Sir John Fisher and Sir'Ohiarles fieresford, with thousands of other officers and seamen, are slain, and one ship only, the Royal Sovereign, escapes the " general destruction. Highly satisfied'with the afternoon's work, the French and Bus-; sian fleets enter Tonlon for casual repairs. KITCHENER DEFEATED AND CAPTURED.. Upon the declaration of war. England begins invasion of France. Under Admiral Sir Harry Rawson, the Channel Fleet reduces Granville, whereupon the invaders land in Normandy. Lord Kiti chener, hastily recalled from South Africa, is in charge of Ihe land forceB, Cherbourg is cut off from the remainder of France, bnt the French with vivid mobility, arrange an army agaiqstthe invader. A terrific conflict ensues ; the French, nnder. General Donop, destroying all historical precedents by wiping the British from the face of the earth. More than SOOO British are .killed, Kitchener is a captive, one by one the Channel Islands fall, and England is .sorely menaced. In the colonies disaster treads upon the heels of disaster. Great Britain's jcolotaial possessions are doomed. • After a few minor victories over French holdings she is further menaced by the march of the Russians, India iB on fire again, the Sepoys reproducing the scenes of the mutiny of old. Dragomiroff haB arrived at Herat, prepared to take full command "of the operations. Every hand is raised against the English flag. On August 7tb her army approaches -Gericheh, about 90 kilometres west of Kandahar. Two days later the two forceB hurl themselves upon one another. INDIAN REVOLTS. ROBERTS KILLED Even here the prophet of what is to be enters into details. He even describes the system of the battle. Lekoff, ho says, has an inspiration n! genius. He launches his Cossacks apou the Anglo- Indian centre, and at the same instant every gnn opens fire upon lbs enemy, while tbe infantry deploy to the wings. Tbe Afghans, turning upon the hereditary enemy, do their worst. The Iudian troops, seeing in the flight of the gun elephants a portent of disaster, turn and flee, while behind every rock and tree awaits an Afghan ready to cot and stab and shoot. Kandahar falls, Lord Roberts is killed, and India arises against the Bri tish, laying waste with fire and sword Delhi and Benares. Three hundred million Hindoos revolt against their one time conqueror, and men, women, and babes are tortured and slain. The English are effaced, says the Frenchman, in the same way that England sought to efface the Boers. THE I'LEET WIPED OUT, At home the Channel is closed to the British. Already France and Russia threaten. On September 7th the semaphore station at the Lizard telegraphs that a fleet is in sight. It is manoeuvring west of Scilly, with Queenstown as its objective. Admiral Sir Harry Rawson is left, no lioabi. It is the combined fleets of Rassia and France moving upon AlbioD. It has come victorious from the Mediterranean, and to strike a first blow by liberating Ireland. Qneenstown, with all its defences stripped to add to the strength of the Channel Fleet, ie bound to fall unless tbe opposing fleet be stopped. Realising this, Admiral Rawson determines to oppose the invader at the Scilly Islands. Cut while he is off looking for the allied fleets they steal into tbe Channel, and when be returns are awaiting him. The French submarine torpedo- boats, rising ghost-like from out the depths, launch their nn6een torpedoes against the flauks of his battleships. One by one they lurch from the water, turn over with their shells battered iu, and sink to the bottom of the sea. Thonsauds of seamen, mad with terror, leap into the waves. Of all the glorious fleets of England not a snip is left. She is doomed —tnon dieu ! Sir Harry Rawson, as a final detail, also blows out his brains. LONDON FALLS. But great is the resistance when the French land at Brighton. Tbe first to land is Colonel Marchaud—now a General in command of the French forces. Sad to say, the French avant-historian sees fit to slay him. lie is shot in the head at Brighton, and dies upon the field of battle. In Dublin the Republic is proclaimed. Queenstown turns out en masse to greet tlio Russian and French invasion. The picture shows .tbe quays and foreshore crowded with thousands of shouting men, waviog the Irish flag, entwined with those of Russia and Franco. The invasion preBses onward. London falls at last. At tbe head of the victorious army General Jsmont Fonrnier, elevated to the dignity of Admiral of France, retires with en exclamation point after bis name. On September 10th England falls, and the whole world groans and is glad. The ' treaty of London, signed on October ', 25tb, leadjnsts tbe map. Each country is represented by its plenipotentiary—for England, Lord Rosebery and Sir Henry Campbell- Bannerman ; for Russia, tbe Grand Duke Sergius and Gaunt Mouravieff ; for France, M. Deschanel and Admiral Catllard. What happened is this: Ihe colonies of England are divided among tbe Powers. Canada joins the United States. Ireland, India, and Australia set up for themselves as republics. The death of Queen Victoria brings this prediction of England's doom to a fitting end. 