The Last Cartridge; ; PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. J A SpUTH AFRICAN CHRISTMAS STORY. By HEADON HILL. . tcopyrkheot.) ' 3N the morning of the | Christmas Eve of 1899, Sergeant Fred Melville, of Thornton's Horse, clatter ed Into the Gordon's _ - J1 — .J ntAnil In homesteaa, anu — the kitchen doorway, the picture of a colonial sol- 1 dler, who had done his a little bit of fighting, and «<J wanted more. But for once in a way his hand- Some, devil-may-care face was clouded. "I bring rough news for you good people,' be said, abruptly., "Our troop has got orders to clear cut. of the district, and fall back on Eterkstroom. The General has decided to advance on another line." The family, seated at the breakfast-table, received- the Information with blank dismay, though for varying reasons. Farmer Robert Gordon, who had been wringing a livelihood z from hie farm since he settled in Northern 1 Cape Colony, twenty years before, found him self face to face with immediate ruin by the withdrawal- of the gallant horsemen who for six. weeks had kept the rebels In check. As the only loyalist In a centre of disaffection, he knew well what he had to expect at the hands of his Dutch neighbours the moment they dared to rise openly, as they moBt as suredly would when the troopers were gone.- Confiscation of his flocks and herds, the burn ing of his house, insult for his women folk, and possibly death for himself, entered Into hip prospect through this military exigency. A . - - . ' -Mrs. Gordon winced under the sergeant's statement for the same reasons, and for one other not known to her husband. She glanced .with a mother's glance at her pretty daugh ter, who was blushing at her plate — at any thing but the six feet of sterling manhood In the doorway. TJhe farmer's wife dreaded what ??iet Gassen might do when the. soldiers had Separted— Piet Gassen, the ringleader of all i ; the rebels in the district, and ber daughter's thrice rejected admirer. They would be at the mercy of that cruel, lawlesB Bplrlt, and that In those troublous times was enough to Inspire a nameless fear. As for Mary Gordon herself, those tell-tale blushes truly- Indicated the reasons for her regret. Very pleasant even amid war's alarms bad been the weeks of Fred Melvllle'B en- ; campnient. in the dell down by the spruit- weeks that might have been years if they had been judged by the close comradeship that had sprung up between the young people. V Though no words of love had yet been spo ken by the dashing young sergeant, Mary ).. Gordon's maiden heart told her that they ' might be expected at any moment — "hoped for," as she shyly whispered to herself. "That's a nice sort of greeting to bring us for Christmas, . Sergeant Melville" said the farmer. "I don't bear malice, though, seeing .' as it is none of your doing. Sit you down, lad, and have some breakfast." i "Thanks, but I'm sorry I can't, Mr. Gordon," said Melville. "We saddle up in half-an-hour. I only looked in to say good-bye, and to thank you for your kindness while we've been oamp- ed here. Believe me, sir, I don't like this \- .move, knowing what it must mean to you." h "It means ruin. I guess, at the best, and a ' bullet Into me while 'the homestead burns at i the worst— unless I clear out and go south," replied Gordon. "But I shan't do that," he added quickly. "I have no stomach for play ing the destitute refugee." Fred Melvlllo made a wry face, hinting that he would not have cared to play that part himself. "Well, there'll be trouble when we're gone: you might send Mrs. and MlB9 Gordon away," he suggested. "I shouldn't dream of leaving my hus- , , .band,", said Mrs. Gordon. . : ? "And I shouldn't dream of leaving my fa- ther and. mother," said Mary, f! 1 "You hear that," laughed the farmer. "It wouldn't be any good my opposilng tliom ; . when they talk like that. Wo must hold the ' fort together the best way we can." "Then I must wish you 'luck and got back to the troop," replied Fred, and advancing; into the room, he shook hands with the three In turn, and withdrew. To Mary Gordon it scorned that the light of her life had suddenly W gone out In this unlooked-for parting which ' had taken the place of the stroll on the moon- llt veldt planned for that evening. Mrs. Gor don rose somewhat hurriedly and left the kitchen. Her husband and daughter thought f that she was eager as usual to go about her dally occupations, but Instead she ran after ? Sergeant Melville, and caught him up as he ' mas crossing the orchard. "Young man," she said, laying ber hand ' / : tn hls-arm, "if I can read love slgno.orlght, | there's something botweon you and our I ' girl." L't The sergeant scanned the anxious, elderly > face narrowly, and saw there no -traces of cp-, position; on the , contrary, Mrs. Gordon's faded eyes had a beseeching expression that was altogether friendly. He had been feeling downcast at having to part with. Mary like that, In the presence of her parents and with out so much as a tender word, hut he bright ened up and answered frankly: "Nothing has been said on either side. I didn't think it fair, with the risks in. front of me In this war. But I think, and God knows I hope, that it Is as you hint, Mrs. Gordon." "You can make your mind easy then. If there's anything In a mother's watchfulness," replied the farmer's wife. "But I didn't come pulling and blowing after you to give sweet- hearting lessons, nor yet to set traps to catch a son-in-law. Its enough for me that you care for the maid. ,.'Do you know; Piet Gas-' sen?" ... . "I know- him for the biggest eur.i'cqwand, blackguard and bully, between Capetown and the Free State," said Fred Melville,, with a snap of his square-cut jaw. '.'He has been posing as that doubtful bird1, a loyal Dutch man, since we have been scouring the country side, but we are well aware that he is a spy, hand and glove, with the enemy. Next to leaving Mary, my greatest sorrow Is that we have got to quit without hanging Mr. Plet Gasaen. But you don't mean—?" "I do," Mrs. Gordon Interrupted. "He has had his eye on her for two years— soft sawder at first; and lately, when she wouldn't look at him, and her father kicked him off the farm, nasty sneering glances, as much as to say, 'My time will come.' I'll wager my best turkey he'll think his time has come when you lads In khaki have shown us your backs." Fred looked as black as thunder, and then astonished Mrs. Gordon by suddenly- saying: "Your best turkey, eh? You'd really wager that on Gassen making trouble? That re- minus me mat you were to have delivered a dozen turkeys to-night for the troop's Christ mas dinner to-morrow, Of course, they won't he wanted now. Well, I must be going, Mrs. Gordon, I am only a sergeant, you know, or you may be sure I shouldn't have left you In the lurch. It's the General's orderB for us to re join him, and I don't think that evea our cap tain has any discretion In the matter. Certain ly I haven't." He turned on his heel and strode away to wards the camp, where the trumpeter was sounding the "assembly." Mrs. Gordon, who had begun to eye him angrily for his thoughts of a Christmas dinner at suoh a time, stood looking after him for fully a minute, her brotva puckered in a puzzled frown. Then she turned and went slowly back to the house. "What did that sly wink mean as he walk ed off, after that Billy prattle about the tur keys?" murmured, the good woman to herself. "Blest If I don't think he's got something up his sleeve that is to help us. Anyway he is a proper sort of man, and he knows my trou ble, and— yes, I will pin ipy faith to him for all I'm worth. Turkeys! ChrlBtmas turkeys.. What in Heaven's name can bo moving In the boy's brain?" When she reached the house she found that Gordon had gone to the cattle kraal, and that Mary had disappeared to catch a distant glimpse of the departure of Thornton's Horse from their camp by the spruit. It was not till Mrs. Gordon had put In a couple of hourB hon est housework that she had the chance of a word with her husband. He came Into the par lour where she wob dusting the ornaments, gloomy and full of forebodings. "Those rascally Dutch ain't going to let the grass grow under their feci," he said, fling ing himself Into a chair. "The soldiers haven't been gone an hour, yet our rebel neigh bours are all astir already. Wolvermans and Steenkamp, who haven't dared1 show their noses outdoors for the last month, went up along towards Gassen'B farm a while back. They mean giving us a warm Christmas, I reckon." . ."You won't take It lying down, If I know you right, Robert," replied Mrs. Gordon, who had decided to raise no hopes that might he false by relating what had passed between her and. Fred. Melville. "No, -If they nhow up rough I shall try and stand 'em off as long ns possible," said the farmer. "I could account for a good few of the cowardly brutes, and perhaps keep 'em at bay altogether, If I wasn't short of ammuni tion. The box that I expected from East Eon- don must have got stolen on the road, and I have only got thirteen cartridges In the house." Mrs. Gordon, who was nothing If not super stitious, gave a gasp of dismay. So agitated was she that she did not see a dark shadow tbait fell through the open window on the wall of the room, hovered for an instant, and pass- od on. "Thirteen cartridges!" sho almost screamed. "There's no luck with such a number. Better two or none at all. We ehall come to grief over this, Robert." r Gordon laughed grimly. "It doesn't follow that the bad luck will be ours; It may be on the other side. Anyway, I shan't knock under till I have used every one of them on the Diit- chles, if they molest me," was his reply. Again the dark shadow fell upon the wall,' and this time stayed there, causing husband and wife to look hurriedly for Its cause. There, framed in the window, grinned at them the swarthy, sinister face of Piet Gassen, rebel farmer and spy, "Morning, neighbour Gordon. Feeling lone some with the soldiers gone?" he began, In a tone that was in itself an Insult. "I have come In a friendly way to give you just ona leetle warning." "I don't want any warnings from you, Piet Gassen, and the sooner you clear off my ground the better for the Queen's peace," said Gordon, with a significant glance at his rifle in a corner. But Gassen made no movement to depart. "The Queen's pence," he sneered. "That Is the very thing that made me pay you this friendly call. Now that the troopers have all run away the Queen's peace In this dis trict, it so you please to call It, depends upon me, and In one way upon you, Mr. Gordon. If you and me come to agreement the Queen's peace will be of the kind most exemplary. If not— well, much good may the Queen and her peace do to you." "I understand .your threat," said Gordon, folding his arms and looking the scoundrel In the face. . Plet Gassen; had a large and . fleshy nose, and alongside' this organ he laid a very dirty fore-finger In a manner intended to be' liu-. morous. "it is no threat that I make, " he replied; "It is a warning — warning that the poor, simple Dutch people of these parts love me so much that if they see me bad-' treated by Ingllsman they will burn the house of that Ingllsman and take his flocks and his crops. May happen, too,, himself and his family get hurt." "I haven't ill-treated you yet, my' friend, but I jolly soon, shall if you don't clear out of this In a brace of shakes,' cried Gordon In a rage. > ' 1 "It Is bad treatment If you do not give me your daughter, the pretty Maree — at least so we shall consider," Gassen was beginning, hut he had already gone too far, and Gordon sprang for his rifle. The Dutchman fled, not, however, without flinging over his shoulder the menace— "Then I shall come back and take her." Gordon rushed to the window and would have shot him there and then If he had not vanished round the corner of the house. The angry farmer was preparing to follow by the door when a diversion was caused by the en trance of Mary, and his chief anxiety for the moment being thus set at rest he laid his ri fle on the table. "Shall we tell her, Mother?" he said, wip ing his dark brow., . "Yes,- she Is woman grown and must know," said Mrs. Gordon, who throughout Gassen's visitation had -remained singularly quiet. And in a few words she informed her daughter of the Dutchman's call and of the cause of it, naming as gently as she could the terms on which he had practically offered to spare the farm .from rapine, and the threat he had made when his terms had been re fused. The girl, fresh from watching the lance-pennons of her undeclared lover's troop flutter away to the horizon of the veldt, paled a little. But she was staunch enough. "Well, we're not afraid of any low-down Dutchman— with father so handy with his gun," she said, trying to make a brave show, ' but sighing for the clink of Fred's spurs. "When will they come, Robert?' uslted Mrs. Gordon, thoughtfully, when Mary had gone to her room. "Not before nightfall— the curs," her hus band replied. "They know I can shoot "a bit, and they won't allow me too much daylight. I wonder if Gassen heard me say I was short of ammunition. If he did It will make a lot of difference to their behaviour. They'd be bolder still If they knew I had only twelve cartridges at their disposal." "Twelve!" exclaimed Mrs. Gordon, quickly. "What did you mention thirteen for, then?" "I have got thirteen-, but, Anna, you must buck up, old girl, and agree with me t'wlll be best— the last one Is for Mary. It will be kinder to shoot her nice and clean, rather than leave her at that devil's mercy when they break In." Mrs. Gordon looked at her husbaaid's stern, set face, and knew that nothing would move him from his resolution, so she merely nod ded and held her peace. In the contingency which he dreaded she was not sure that he would -not be right, but that the contingency would arise she was not by any means per suaded. Two straws she had to eluteh at, one being Sergeant Fred Melville's confident wink, and the other a remedy for ill luck which she would apply If necessary, but which so far she kept to herself. The farmer lost no time In preparing for the expected siege by boarding up', the' win-' dows and strengthening the outer doors; his wife and daughter taking It by turns to keep a look-out from the flat root. Having made all as secure as he could, he paid a flying visit to the cattle. kraal and told his Kaffirs that the Dutchmen were coming, but that he meant to shoot them If they attempted to steal his stock. He advised the "boys" to lmep'out of the way during the -attack, since they could not render him any assistance; I on the other hand. If he saw them helping the enemy he promised to repay their trea chery with a bullet. . Thence onward, in the suspense of waiting, the hours dragged wearily. Robert Gordon spent most of his time on the roof, watching for signs of trouble. He saw many, that added to his load of care, though none as yet that called for action. The waggon-track to Gassen's farm ran parallel with the house at the distance of half a mile, and along it at frequent intervals Gordon saw many horse men riding, some alone, but more often, in two's and three's. That they were the wolves gathering for their raid he had no doubt, and he cursed the war and its consequences— esr pecially the thief that had lifted his box of cartridges. In the house below mother and daughter busied themselves with trifles, bravely striv ing to obeer each other with Jests at Dutch cowardice and at the hole that "father" would drill In them If they dared an attack. But their laughter rang hollow, -with the grim spectre of overwhelming numbers threatening them, and Mrs. Gordon had the added fear of the unlucky thirteen upon her superstitious mind. For all their spurious calm Mrs. Gor don spoilt the Christmas pudding in the. boil ing, while Mary was fain to confess, that the hat she was trimming must be added to her list of failures. So the long day passed .without an alarm, but when the sun had sunk behind the .dis tant Stormberg the women heard ; their .one defender, drop through the trapdoor from the : roof, bolting it after him. By. that same token , they knew that what they dreaded wap about to happen, and so it-provd. The. famerj came' Into the sitting-room and . announced , that two score men .were riding fast towards the house from -the north-east— the- direction, of Gassen's farm. . : "I'll light .them from here, .because of the two windows," he said. '"The.elde one com mands the cattle kraal, and the other gives me a sweep of .the' front of the house. One of you will Have to stand In the kitchen at the back, and let me know what goes on that side." "I'll watch the' back; Mary can stay with you," replied the elder woman, watching her husband narrowly as he took a handtul of cartridges from the bureau, counted them, and strewed them on the table. There were twelve of them, for one was In his loaded rifle. The window being blocked up there was a lamp burning, but Mrs. Gordon sug gested that It should be extinguished lest -the light should show the loophole to the enemy. Her husband, who had already stationed him self at the window, assented, and she per- formed the action herself. As she was "leaving the room sho turned back to say: "It would save you fumbling for those cartridges In the dark If Mary was to hand them to you, father, eh?" "A good notion," replied Gordon. "Mary, my dear, stand by to do as your mother says, but keep out of a line from the window, ThiB barricade Isn't shot-proof." , CaBtlng one lingering glanco nt lier dough, ; ter's graceful figure, dimly visible In (lie twi light that filtered through the loophole, the mother turned away to go and act as sentry1 in the kitchen. There also the window was blocked with an Improvised barrier of wood1 and pillow cases stuffed with earth, but,; hastily removing some of the latter, she; opened the window and threw something out.! Then, with a sigh of relief, she replaced the! defences, and set her eye to the loophole. Out! at the back no foes were yet to be seen, and; she listened — listened till the drums of herj ears were nigh bursting— for sounds from; the sitting-room. I That tension was broken at last by the re- ' sounding crack other husband's .rifle. ,!'Ah!i then they're after the cattle first," she mut tered. "Robert said he shouldn't fire till they; had committed an unlawful— are you all right: in there?" she shouted, breathlessly, as half a dozen distant shots were followed by the crash of glass in the parlour. "All serene, I've downed one of- them. They are by the kraal," came her husband's an swering voice. "One bullet has gone home on to the mirror though." Crack! and then again crack, crack, crack, crack, went Gordon's rifle in quick succes sion. . , "There's six cartridges gone, and thank God he isn't asking Mary how many are left," Mrs. Gordon murmured.. "If only he'll do riie counting himself to the end." All the time a hail of bullets was striking the front and side of the house, but so far no more penetrated to the Interior, Gordon got In three more shots, and then his wife called to him: "There's a dozen of thpm coming to wards the back." The farmer ran into ithe kitchen, took a careful sight at the advancing Dutchmen, fired, and brought his man down. The rest retreated. Gordon stopped a moment before returning to the main point of attack. "We're done, old wife, I fear," he said, smoothing her iroii- grey hair. "When I have fired two more shots you'd better come Into the front room, and take a last look at our poor girl. God, send me nerve to do it, but it's the only way to save her from outrage." He did not wait for a reply, hut left his wife lcoklng after him with a wistful expression, in which the trace of a wan smile lurked. "Aye, Rob, ill come," she said, softly, under her breath, "but the dear God send that the faith In me web nob misplaced. Only two I more -shots, and not a sign of help. They'll rush us as soon as ilhey find that the ammuni tion Is out, and then— and then, perlinps, I shall wish I had let things be. My gentle Mary!" Orackl went the rifle in the sitting-room, followed, as usual, by the spatter, of bullets on the walls 'as the Dutchmen fired at the flash. A pause, and then once more Gordtfn's rifle rang out In a final shot at the despoilers of his home. Mrs. Gordon went to the sitting- room. Amid -the powder-reek she could Just make out her husband turning to Mary, who stood at the table. "Give me the last cart ridge," he was saying In a voice that trembled for the first time that night. "The lost cartridge, father!" the girl, ex claimed. "Why, you have fired it. I handed It to you before that shot." "But -I have counted, and I have only fired twelve," said Gordon. "One must have drop ped on the floor. Hunt, both of you. I must find It before they discover that I have run out." And he went on his knees, groping, Mary Joining him. But Mrs. Gordon remain ed standing by the door. So passed two dread ful minutes, during, which the voices of the ' rebels sounded nearer and ever nearer. The lull in the firing from the house had made them bold. : "It must have rolled under the bureau," panted Gordon In frantic haste to save his daugh'ter by the only means open to him— the missing cartridge. "Anna, don't stand there idle. Eight a match and hold It under the bureau. They will be here directly." ; But Mrs. Gordon made no movement and no reply.' She was listening, listening with bated breath, to a dull rhythmical sound that mlng- Iled with the shouts of the advancing Dutch- ,'men— far away at first, but Increasing with every precious moment Into the thunder of Iron-shod hoofs. And then the triumphant shouts of the assailants changed Into a scream; of (error, and Robert Gordon and Mary heard the sound too. It came on Inexorably, two scattered shots were fired, and the Dutch scream took shape In words: — "The rooineks with the knife-poles are upon us! Fly, brothers, fly." , Mrs. Gordon rushed to the loophole and peered across the moonlit veldt. "The troopers have coine back; they are amongst them with their lances," she cried, and broke Into hysterical laughter. » « The troopers came crowding round the house with their prisoners, while farther afield a do zen black heaps, limp and motionless, lay on the veldt, staring from glassy eyes at the great full moon. Gordon unbarred to his rescuers, and Sergeant Fred Melville walked In. "The captain sent us back for the turkeys," he said, winking at the pale ghost of a far- mer's wife. "We had gone 30 miles before he discovered we'd come away without our Christmas dinner, and the boyB were grumb ling a bit. Careless of me not to have remind ed him sooner— but, thank God, I'm an absent- minded beggar, as it turns out." "Have you got Gassen?" asked Gordon, anxiously. "Yes, he's outside, roped up, and ready for his little journey to the hangman," was the reply. "Our commanding officer is a glutton for turkeys, but he's a bigger glutton for re bels, and Mr. Plet cani say his. prayers. So with much laughter and some tears they went to fetch the soldiers' hard-earned ChrlBtmas dinner from their roosts, and dur ing the proceedings Fred contrived to say the word which was to moke him and his Mary the happiest couple In the colony when brighter days dawned. "But what licks me Is where that last cart ridge got to," said Robert Gordon, when the troopers had ridden oft with their prisoners and their dinners for the morrow, And he fell to searching under the bureau once more. ' ' , "There's no call for you to do that,"- said 'Mrs. Gordon sharply. "I threw the thing put; ..of the window. I wasn't going to have any1 unlucky thirteens about the house at such- times, and It appears I was right." i " ' ' The End, ' 