O U R MELBOTRBNE ^LETTER, ; 1 i There ia liothiugf much in. theiir p0luj'c ally now down hrre except the hopeless cau didature of ilr DeuBham agaiust Sir Geoim finrner at St. Kil'K His. ineelinjfoo Men day was.- a-farce nf faices, and be ia sitanlv wasting hiatimejpntting up. Hndjthe.electors who go to hear Him are wasting theirs. I'lhe opposition of a Mr Flint to Dr. W. Maldnev M. L. A., at West-Melbourne, during the recent general electious was oot more absurd' but the oooGileoi» some; meo hove in !j,ein' selves -ia ^paet ifll? '•c'omprchensioi,. : The ohances of Mr Martin,at Bogong,against ths •Attorney-General are little if any betteil 1 clo" nofspe'slt asoue who has ah'yparti- Pjllar political, admiration .for. SiriGeor„e Turner or' Mr' tsasu Isaacs, but seeing that the -legislative work of the couulry wants jindei taking,jiud.that.thcJCarner.^. Ministry hnve the confidenco of the country what is the use of wasliog time "hy hopeless opposition, and why not let the new Government the pf»mier or- Attorney-General liave on right to be opposed' >t all, but such opposition as that voiced by McEsrs.-Derisharn, anil..Martin csn only »unoy and fritter a'wfty ihe publio linie while it. has not the ghost of a show of oh*, taining the result it professes to seek. Some of bur advanced' friends down this way are contending that os a mioimum wage bus in many in stances been fixed in connection with different trades, tbere should also be a minimum rent." Rents are certainly rising, in aud around Melbourne, but consideling tho property bolder has had years of leeway as rcgaids any return on the money expended in building it ia fair he should reap some ietui 11 at last. No doubt it is annoying for H tenant of small means who is liviug in a bouse that suits hiin lo find ths rent rising—ami slill rising, but if the landlord knows that there are plenty people who will pay 14s a week foi his honse, the tenant cannot surely espect to continue having it st 10s. Tl ire n ay he: eotno cases of "lack renting"—incicasing a tenant's rent simply bocansc the landlord knows he cannot well vacatu the premises for business or other reasons However, on the whole the'Iandlord is not as black as lie is painted, and there is uo reason for the law to fix rents The fquabble between Port Melbourne and St. Kildaas to which place the Duke and Duchess of Vt.rk shall land is very amusing There is uo doubt that from an testhetic point of view the claims of St. Kilda are unanswerable. Pert Melbourne pier—as the town council contend—is right enough, but the j.iurnfy cither by rail or road from Port Melbourne to the City is anything bat likely to i in pi ess any visitor—R.jyal or'olherwise— .favo:ably. From the lailwuy carriage window, at one part of the loute, the party beholds dirty hack yards with their usual concomitants, while the buildings that face the ruad are for< the most part mean and dowdy in appearance. At the same time because Port Melbourne cupr^ssea a wibll thai, the Duke should. land oa its pier, there is no reason for the St. Kilda councillors to fly into a passion and abuse the shipping subuib Men, it has indeed been well said by some one, are mere children of greater growth. There are now three judges sitting divorcing people iu Melbourne. Here, indeed, is food for reflection by bachelors and old maids of the cyuical oidcr, aud it certainly does seem as if in many instances iu Victoria marriage is a failure. Still, as lias bceu well said, one has to remember that unhappy mariiages, at any rate those which cnln lhate in divorce, are adveitised by the publication of the partiealars.of: the case iu the press, the light of happy domestic ciicles le, as far as the majority of the public is concerned, " hidden under a busbeL".-Tbero uie mauy causes of matrimonial unhappiness iu Victoria, but the principal one appears to spring frcm the fact that, youug men and women do not exercise that care and reflection in the clioiceof a life's partner that they would use in the selection of a horse or a houee. The Ballarat Courier states that the inoqualily shown in many of' the sentences passod on criminals demonstrates the need of "a school for bolh judges and justices in which they mayjnll be"taught something more than has yet been learnt in respect of the light apportionment of the punishment of crime." As rcgai ds the justices this may be light, euough, but I must say that I have a higher opinion of our judges than to tfeink they need io go to "a school" to be taught hew lo sentence prisoneis The Melbourne papers give such meagre repoits of "sentence day" at the Supreme Court aud General Sessions that if one reads—"John Jones, Urceny, IS mouths; William Blown, indecent assault, 3 months"—the iufeience is at once drawu that the judge has been, peihaps, rather severe on Jones and certainly ridiculously lenient in the case of Brown. But if the 1 eader was present in court, words that fell froin his Honor's lips in sentencing tbe two men would piobably entirely explain ihe disparity. Ai for these indecent assaults the perpetrators of them in many cases are in no way ;ui ed of theil horrid piopensities by long sentences and floggings seeing that they are half idiots. One man —if such a title can be applied to him—after doiug a long tcim of imprisonment in Pentlid ge.^ and having his buck liceratcd by the "cat'* foi this class or o tie nee—on bis discharge committed a similar crime before he was a mile from the gaol gate. When once a criminal has shown these.'propensities he should be locked up for life under a law it is highly desirable should be framed. Mi Potts, tbe scientific daiiy expert, employed in conuectiou with the Department of Agricultuie, has foi warded a report to the Minister which is interesting in regard to a complaint by daiiy proprietors . to the effect that the written tests, by, which: they are paid for milk delivered to the factories have been very low this season. Tbe complaint has been general since the commencement of spring, but Mr Potts sBys tu»t iu many instances officials engaged in estimating tbe msrlcet returns are unjustly blamed ou the grounds of neglcct or want of skill. He attributes the low tests to the long stretch of cold weather which set in before the cows came into milk this season, and which has prejudicially influenced the character as well as the aniouut of milk yielded by them. 