POPULAR SUPERSTITION. SOME KEFUKCTIONS. WITHOUT A MORAL. who seen n nivt-n solus— Duo raven tolue. Portent' and presage grim, presage grim, Soon without draught or boitts— Draught or bolus— Soon tt’u nil up with him— Vp with him! Thus enrols forth the,inflicted Prince In “La Maseotte," to the intense enjoyment of tlte audieneo,-which regularly encores tltc song, without in the least reflecting that a large proportion of those present are the victims of superstitions even more ridiculous than those which add such a spice to the over-bubbling mirth of Audran's famous comic opera. If you were to tell the average Australian that he was superstitious by nature he would doti Oilers indignantly deny '-the. charge. If you were to offer him a LID' note to sleep in the old cemetery,'- the. chances are that <hc would accept the offer. But if you were to endeavor to convince him that-there is no rucii thing ss luck; ihaUbceause the left bower of hearts had been turned up six times in succession The odds ot its being exposed n seventh time were the same, neither more nor less than they were before, lie would undoubtedly regard you as an amiable lunatic; and the great body of the public would fully agree with him. Most people arc inclined to delinc su perstition generally as a “Ix-llef in ghosts, and other nfbliish of that sort.' It has always appeared to ns that our good friends the spiritualists, who cher ish a very-'warm affection fov:these in habitants of shadow land, are by no means wise in their method of meeting the gibes of the scoffers. Instead of throwing tlte onus of proofg on the un- i believer, they pin their faith'to the de monstration, not that it is impossible to disprove the existence of spirits, but that some particular "spool!” who lias been called in from the spiritual regions to a tete-a-tete in a medium's back par lour. is tile real, genuine, unadulterat ed disembodiment of a former mortal. And so, when the presumed spiritual visitors are dragged out suddenly into the full glare of the gns, and invariably turn out to be the medium in a sheet, the consequences are, to say the least of it, unpleasant. Yet it is un doubted that the occasional appearance of the suburban ghost, armed with pre cisely the same paraphernalia, has fre quently caused tlte knees of the most profound sceptic to knock together in pure horror— And each particular hair to rinitti oa end, Like quit!3 upon tiieTretfui porcupine. The difference; after'all, is only a matter of environment. One is moonshine, and the other is moonlight. Your medium’s' “spook” is, after all, a poor thing—more poor than demium, in fact. He may have a ghostly appear ance, or a ghostly speaking voice, but he doesn't seem to possess the ghost of a show of self-confidence. Why should he be called away from the proper business of his own ghostly concerns at the will of, a medium, and for the pleasure of some perfect stranger, who chooses to hand over half-a-crown. In the pouching of which, mark you, the spirit has no share ."Why can't ho say, "Oh, I'm'busy now,” or “I have a pressing engagement to meet a gentleman of suicidal impulse, ouf at four cross roads in,the country," pr make any other such simple and rational excuse The proper business of a ghost, according to approved authorities, needs particularly close occupation. A -.pool! who has lo go round: trailing chains, dr pointing out splashes of blood on his even ing dress shirt front, or walling like an Infant, can’t be expected to attend much to chance society functions. It natural ly takes his mind off .his work, and in disposes him to perform-it satisfactorily to himself or anybody else. "None the less we should be sorry- to see our ghosts abolished before what people cal] the "Onward march of progress." We have all of us our own private spectres, each necessary to fill a long-felt want, Racing men are peculiarly addicted to invoking the supernatural—possibly from, their. intimate connection with "stlffuns." On the eve of an impor tant race meeting especially, these spiritual visitants are in the habit of manifesting themselves in dreams, and giving ghostly advice as to the possible winner of the event. It is true that these utterances are usually oracular, and in finitely capable of a wrong interpretation, but the spiritual tip has a large nnd in creasing vogue, and the number of people who would infinitely prefer the "straight griffin" from a well authenticated night mare, to the "office" from the horse-owner himself, is legion. You can depend upon a ghost for a "dead bird.” We have our doubts whether the old legend of the unluckiness of sitting thir teen to table is altogether indigenous. It smacks a trifle of French swagger, al though it Is, we believe, prevalent in cer tain of the upper circles—the circle lias ever been a favorite spiritualistic emblem. Still, we have not, so far, heard that the profession ot the quatorzleme, tlio polite young man who Is engaged to make up a fourteenth in ease ot emergency, ha3 thriven in Melbourne. But there are plenty of houses where, if you spill the I salt, tlie host or hostess will gravely arise I and turn a chair round tlitee times, or I surreptitiously throw a pinch over the shoulder—"Not that there is anything in it, of course, but still one may as well he on the safe side." Wo confess to some sympathy with the thousands of people who won't walk under a ladder for fear a thunderbolt should de scend and kill them. The expected bolt from the blue may be off duty for the time being; but there is always | the chance that the man at the top isn't, and a hammer or a pot of paint, if less smacking of. the supernatural, is at least equally effective in Its way. It there is something so fatal about the number 13, why don't the majority of the population die ' at that immature period of their teens? It Is a gawky age, all wrists and elbows, and might well be spared by a world too fertile in enfnnts terribleB. Still, the thirteen years older skips over that critical period of exis tence >vlth a light-heartedness revolting to the inner consciousness of well regu lated people. Similarly it is hard to ac count for the popular belief in the un luckiness of Friday. Many business firms select that day for the payment of their staffs, and we have never heard that the employes offer any objection to the practice, or that the money which they receive is fairy'gold, or turns to a wither ed leaf in their hands, or, in fact, suffers any transmogrification whatever, except the natural one of conversion into small change, and finally into nothingness. In deed, we have come across no reason for decrying Friday, except the very evident one that it marks the longest possible Interval to next week’s salary. By the simple process of turning one’s money In one’s pockets on the occasion of a new moon a fortune is assured. This is certainly irritating to tlte large class of people who lack the initial necessary for the operation. Modern society owns to a keen desire for the establishment pf the old age pension fund; yet neither Sir George Turner nor any other student of social legislation lias hit uon the sim ple expedient of going out at each new moon with a pocketful of threepenny pieces, and providing the poverty-strick en with the means of performing the happy conjuration, In which cane tho?e >vould be no necessity fop making aqy provision for old age ut all, : - / :B; IVnlmlslry. again, affords an ample Hold for the dabbler in the minor mys teries oi the, black art. l\y the number -and course of the lines on the hand, the necromancer predicts with certainty the* future horoscope of the neophyte, so that for the small sum of a shilling you may know with certainty whether fate lu\s in store n lucky drawing in Tatter sall’s sweep,.or a murderous railway ac cident on‘a, particular day, on which It Is wise to patronise the cable tram. The palmist almost invariably diagnoses a happy marriage and a large family. This is- probably why washerwomen, whose profession.naturally tends to the formation of wrinkles ou the hand, have usually :i husband tor support, ami any thing from half-a-dozen to a dozen ehll There used to be a belief that opals brought ill-for tune to the wearer. In the ante-boom days, no well brought up girl would think-of accepting opals from, the hands, of libV accepted suitor—not. while liicre:was a diamond about, Now adays the old superstition seems to be moribn nd, i f not'dead. ' Judging by - the windows of the jcweUrs* shops there l» even something very like a run upon the cheaper gem. So marked, .Indeed, is the chunge-in'popular feeling, that we have even heard of cases—breach of promise ones, especially—in which the aggrieved maiden has indignantly refused to 1'0 turn a set of opals which has been in cluded among the presents* of early tenderness. Too often, alas, has the course of true, love been disturbed by such stones as these. We need net inquire why scis sors should popularly be supposed to cut love, ' or ;\vjiy some people should so scrupulously refrain from making any present of which stool is a component part. We only know’ that these articles cf faith are rigidly held by people who profess to have no 'belief in' them. Again, in what consists the supposed advantage to bo derived from leaving an infant’s nails uncut till it has lvached the age of 12 months, we do not know. It Is, however, very popular among a large class of mothers. Hut then the whole business of baby worship with the numberless celebra tions attendant thereon .is a mystery which no mere man may be permitted to penetrate. It is based 'upon the cardinal axiom that each new baby is the finest and best that ever was born, and that. Is the most deep rooted and fisneral superstition r.f all, ’_ ' - • 