I am PEOPLE'S' SERVICE. A Peoples' Thanksgiving Service, under the auspices of the Council of Churches, was held in the Town-hall. Special hymns were sung and the Rev. G. W. Sharp delivered an address which was forceful, eliciting frequent applause. Re- grettable, a synopsis of this address was not supplied to us for publication. During the service the Rev. Dr. Scott offered up the following special thanksgiving prayers Almighty God, Father of all mercies, we Thine unworthy servants, do give Thee most humble and hearty thanks this day, for all Thy goodness and loving-kindness to us. We give Thee especially the expression of our heartfelt thanksgiving for the safe return to our shores and to their homes of so many who went out from us in por ii of their lives to defend the interests and the honour of our Queen and country, to fight the battles of the Empire, and to break in pieces injustice, oppression, and tyranny in South Africa. We thank Thee, O God, that Thou hast given them the victory over the enemies of the Empire, and that Thou hast brought them safely home again from amid many perils of storm and shook of battle We thank Thee for the courage displayed by them amid the dangers to which they were exposed We beseech Thee to protect their comrades, who are still beset by manifold dangers in South Africa Preserve them alike from the weapons of the foe and the stroke of disease Care for the sick and suffering, and give to them a sun and speedy recovery We thank Thee for the loving care and skill of surgeons and nurses We remember the fallen brave, and w o w cop this day with their mourning relatives And O Lord God of Hosts, we praise Thee that Thou didst not only raise up valiant soldiers in the hour of need, but also wise lenders, and in the time of stress didst send one, who, under the Divine guidance, turned the tide of battle, and crowned the v valour of brave men with victory O God save our Gracious Queen We thank Thee that as the issue of this struggle the Empire is one and undivided, and we pray that out of the conflict the 10 may emerge an enduring peace, and that the name of the Prince of Peace may be exalted Let an era of peace and good- will dawn upon Australia, and we humbly beseech Thee O our Father, that the new Commonwealth soon to be inaugurated among us may be loyal to the Throne and, in the hands, a power on the side of those forces that make for righteous nose and the uplifting of humanity We thank Thee for all our increase, and above all, for Thine inestimable love in the redemption of the world by our Lord Jesus Christ We beseech Thee to give us all that due sense of Thy goodness that our hearts may be unfeignedly thankful, and that we may show forth Thy praise, not only with our lips but in our lives walking before Thee in holiness and righteousness all our days Through Jesus Christ to whom, with Thee and the Holy Ghost be all honour and glory for ever - Arson At the close of the service the choir and congregation sang ' God sa> of the Queen and Onward, Christian soldiers " to organ accompaniment by Mr T J Haywood, City Organist 