Spirit's Strivings.,/ ..,/ :v.;. ! ' Sermojt by Rev. Dr.- Talhoe,.—./ ;; Grieve not the Holy Spirit. Quench not the Bpirifc. My Spirit shaH not always strive. — . 23ph.iv.soj 1 These. v. 49$ Genesis yi; 3; ; . H COME to yori 'on an' f especial errand, .with 'a trumpet which giveth no uncertain . sound, . standing between the living and the dead. Hear. me,, yo mortal men and .women, . ' while X show vou how God strives' with- tno soul, and how tho text sets forth the idea that there is to be a termination to this blessed and -merciful ministration. , . 1. In tho first place, .God RtrlvpM wifh fit a until riflAit through silent contemplations - Did' you never, in your -store, have a thought of- . Itho great future come 'to your mind? Was -not some'- day when you took up your '-account books; and white looking, wondering / I if yonr accounts were all right and all good, you thought of the long account of mercies 'received, and the credit Bide of a blunk : page ? And then, perhaps, you put your key / ' into your monoy.safe, or into tho safe -where | you keep the valuables of your store and office,' and turned the lock, swung back the door, and looked into, that safe, and said to yourself,' " Well, if a fire shb'nld take this whole block I of buildings, then my money -would, bo, at i any rate, unharmed. But how will it bo with i my soul when the conflagration of the last | day shall toss tho world us a scroll —will my I soul bo safe?" And seated right tbero, with' i the letters of business all round aboutyou, and ' the samples of the, goods you had to sell, and the weary wind whistling atthe doorstop,/ thoughts of tho past caino over your soul, making theperspiration come upon yonr brow. . , Now, what was that? It was tho Holy Ghost i addressingyouintoncsyoucouldnotdisregard.. Or perbapa.the contemplation may have been this very morning, in your home. You wero » sitting in your choir," with your feet on the. rungs of another chair, and looking out of the window at the people passing down the (street. You said, to yourself, "I wonder where they are going ! ' Oh, they are going i to church." Then you thought, "I wonder Lif they willbe.any better off than I shall be 2 \- What is this eternity they talk about ? What 'is this, within, me — a soul— an immortal ; soul?" And then, perhaps, you wero in- \- ; dined to put .up some snob prayer, as the Hindu of whom: . I heard a low days ago, .when he cried out, .O God,- J whoever Thou art,- for the sako of Thy Son, whoever Ho be, have mercy on mo!" But you I said, "No; I will not attend, to that this morning. I will wait until sight; then I ' will go. into some-house of God, and hear the ' truth, and still further meditate on these matters." In silent contemplation the Holy Spirit has often come to you, saying, " Child of -immortality, traveller to tho grave, pii- ' grim to the judgment day/ heir of eternity, ' are you ready ?" 2\. Qod- still further strives with men \- - through tho' preaching of the Gospel. Now, ' some sermons may bo hostile to all ordinary j criticism, 'and yet "they may be good sermons ; : and there may be sermons in accordance with .all criticism, and yet -be poor sormons. . Isit scientific exposition" you want? Then you / I had- better spend your time in discussing Faraday'scleotricalpolariaation: or some other scientific subjeot. Is the preaching of the Gospel . simply a moral essay or a literary.produotion ? ' Then you had.better read Macaulay or Emer son. What is preaching? My. idea of it is just one thing— to haul men out of their sins, and start them on tho way to heaven. Oh that all good preachers would toil more and 1 more towards this ono objeot! How many . souls have been under the preaching of the Gospel who have never yet repented? How ; many sormons havo you beard? Perhaps j some in this audience can say, " I have not I heard a sermon in ten or fifteon- vears " ; and there arc- some 'who can say, have heard hundreds," and others, actually thousands. "What has been tho effect of all these > sermons upon your soul? You look back, sometimes, ' to, the meeting-houso in' tlip country where, 'in tho days of your childhood, ...you heard; ho Gospol; You remembor libw'yonr tnother nud your fptber looked, "aud tho Sundays, when thoy'sat iti their pow with you, and with' your brothers and sisters of tbo long, long ago— dead no w— and you'rerherafeer how tho aged minister of Ohrist loaned ovov the pulpit and importuned \- you.jto bo rcconoilod to. God. Oh, man, that was yonr obance for heaven 2 That was the best timo for seeking after God. Then ynu ought to. have' surrendered- youwclf to -tho. Lord»To8US. Oh, no, ho; you let that timo go by, and other opportunitios go, and tho preaching was never blessed to .your ete'rhhi salvation. But somo . men say,"' 4-f If, I' hod .better appnrol;' hotter worldly sur roundings,. , I would . .attend public. : wor- sbp jmd seek' tbo Xford.-'. Jliit dU tlio apparel you will cvbr -put on will .not rccommond you to Jesus. . But,-' says ' one, "VT am whflifig until I get through my b'usi- -iioss pcrplpxities." .. But tliefc will always bo business ti'iiils and worry7; if you wait' until they are over, yon will nover como; .' Another says, I would liko tobefree, 'but niy habits aro so bad, I cannot J . Brother, you may be 'freed. I know-it from .the .fact tliat. scores -have, by. the graco . of :.God; briken their shntkles, and I know it may ho . so with you. Let it .bo so with you tb-mght. You uiay sign all tbo temperance pledges you liko (and Ibclievo in total abstinence)j you raay con nect yourself with all the societies ; but thoro is only duo tiling for you . to do— to throw yourself at;- tho feet, of tho bleeding:, dying, resurreoted- Jesus, and Ho . will gito you emancipation through tbo preaching of the Gospel .this very hour._ God' Holy Spirit .is. striving — striving witli your sbiil. 3\. Further, God often strives with men through . .business pressure. . and calamity. ' Whero. isthe carriage you used to ridoin? Gone ! / Whero is the fine residence you onco lived in f - Gone 2 Whero are 'all the friends thut surirouuded you fn ' days of your pros- periiy ? Gono ! Some flowers bloom when tbo sun comes up, but 'not "when the sun goes down, -f An, howrmany of your treasures have perished, away; from you! Yon have had perplexities enough in business life to kill you. - .JVyheutent-day came, und you had no monoy! to'/mcct ' it, didn'tyon wish you had 'had , a; > Saviour ? to help yon ? When on that day you"said, "I havo got' to suspend paymontl" didn't you "wieh you knew how to pay ?. But, instead of going to God with- that finahoial trouble, yon went to someone to borrov' money to pay yourdobts;. you went everywhere excopt to the' Lord Almighty,- to whom you should have gone first and most of 'ail. - How many, business men go overboard simply hecauso they never havo Jesus to. sustain them! A man goes overboard ; his - neighbours : laugh,, und say,. M0h, it is only. V man— one more man." What ia man? The battle ground of , threescore years, containing the destinies of oternal light or darkness. A man 2 No lino can measure him : ho archangel can outlive him. A man 2 Stars shall burn down out of their. sockets, and the world turn into ashes und conflagration, but lie will ; still continue in eternal existence. ' Man! the masterpiece of God Almighty. Do not say merely a man has failed, a mere man has gono overboard. Tell _ them- of something beyond this scono of growlingand threaten ing, and loss and gain. THe Holy Spirit has boon talking to you' all this past week through your business disasters —striving, striving, ' striving! . ' - - . . " 4\. God's Spirit strives with other persons through domestic bereavement. and .trouble. What is that piohnre on tho . wall? . What aro those photographs in the private drawer in tho sitting-room?. -Oh,, you. say, those are' the faces of the loved und.gpne..P On that troubled day, .when the. obsequies had ended, and your ' friends .had left tho house, did not you hear God's' Spirit say to you,. <0h, .bruised soul,, there is. sympathy, for you, there is lovo for you— you will seo your lost one " ? Did not you hear God's Holy Spirit speak to you, or did you try to bear, the trouble all alone? ,God was moving ..upon your soul through that darkness, and that heart breaking.. The Spirit was striving, striving, striving ! 5\. But my text says this is goiug to stop. ".My Spint shall not itlways strive." - What does it mean 2 ."Why, it means some such idea as Professor Dodds expresses in his poem ; — "There is a line, by us.unseeh, . Thut.prosses every path- It is the boundary between God's mercy and I£is wrath." It means that there is a point .up to whioh a man comes, and beforcho reaohes it ho may obtain pardon and mercy for bis 'soul ; but if hbcroBses that point, there la no pardon. Con that, indeed, be possible? Yes, Jerusalem Btood 40 years after its doom was .sealed. "Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thouthatkillcst the prophets, and stonest thcin ' that came unto thee, your house sball be- left unto you desolate." Forty years before its doom was struck was the "destiny announced. And you know, us well as I, of persons in this community who scorn invulnerable to air graoious influences. ; They- come, to church, some of them for tho singing. Tho sormon has no effect on them. Why ?. They liuvo crossed the lino. An aged man wa&' called upon by 'u young clergyman who had just como to the. parish, And, ho. said ' Air ! don't spend 'your time talking with1 me." " Why?" said the young minister. ; "It is no ' uso .talking ;to.'mo ; I am 80 years old now. When I was but 20 years of age there was' a revival in our villoge. and almost every body else gnvo'thcir heart to God : I resisted, and I havo novoc.had a deep,, sorious impres sion sinco that .timo." Said. tho. minister; V ShnllT priiy with yon?" ",Oh, you may pray, if /you like to. I told you ' that years ajto this matter .was settled; when Ircjcotcd the'" Holy Spirit." Tho pastor :- knelt down and prayed. Tho1 nian was . after-, wurds taken sfok, :grb\v,- worse ', and worso until bis closing hopr come, and his lat words . 'wore,- 2lI.knowI filiuU be lost." Sometimes there is u differnnoe betweeriittio' sentence and. the qxecution.of that sontcnco-; and so.it is, I suppose, in regard to some men; (After they havo roaistcd- tt i thousand gracious and heavenly /influences— "Let him alone-!"— that is tho sentence, although the rahn 1 may tarry.ycars. after, before .the sentence, is exe cuted,. Passing through a 'forost, you see trees that avo never to grow again ; they uro , girdled— thoy stop right there. And there are, perhaps, in every community moni-who, in regard to their otornal .interests, inuy.be said to ho giidled.' Thoy. come in ; but, never theless, thoy scorn- tho -songs, . despise . tho sermon: they, bate thoBiblc, thoy have ho cross and no prayer, no .euro for the, great future — thoy. are girdled. You eayj ; can it ho possible there is any suoh person in this house to-night?- I don't know; I connot positively say.' The placb seems eolcmu ; the andienoe. seem attentive and' oarnest : ; those aro suro rigns that the Holy Spirit has 'not gono. away for over. And so, when I look 6vor this assembly,- when God's Spirit'speaks, ' undyou'lisioh' for eternity, I fecl thht'a great; many are 'going to got this chance for heaven, and will take it. I laiow hot why you come here, whother to hear the preacher say some odd thing, or to look upon tho faces of the vast throng, or because you gof wenry staying ut'homo.' Xknownot; butthisl'know — that the' Holy Spirit/this, moment is striving, striving1, striyiug/vyitb your soul. Yon know ; you- arc a sinner. . You- know- you need a jDiyinq .Saviour; you know there is a heaven, you' know there is a '.hell'; you know there . is .the dross of Christ lifted up, inviting - all the- world to-' como and bo saved; and you know/ a 'great dciil better than.I cun/tell you, V because tho Holy Spirifc told.you- this morning, that it is at an awfukrisk youput off this - matter ono hour longer. / .'There is., aoraeono in the audience who.says, ,.1. can't come.;- 1 have all my evilhabits ahoiit mo. I can't, come ; I" cannot see tho; way."' My ' brother, 'take hold of my hand." I mlllcad.ybu, God help ing me. I will show you the fairest sight , you eyer looked /upon. . Behold tho JLathb of God who takbth away the sin of tho world 2 Ob, you need this Saviour now. 