tGOOD FIIDAY. smaweevy servioes, appropriede to the day, were held at several of Iheilleal ehurohee. there were three disetaot oenventions In Ipe .wt-h- namely, theblenalal eonneil meeting o the ~guemnehnd dielist, Inlependent Order Uechabites; the .anuuisl ahritlian Endeavour Convention; and the yearly sofleraeuce of Christian brethren. the anliversary tea-meet. ?d?g t the IBandanba ethodtat Churh wau *lee Meld. Followlg are parteolars of the pos- eee4Mgeatttb e varlone gatherinlq: \-- hwrob .Serioes. \--dedaemn ?oanion a om~sb. Good -riday wr duly observed at . Paul Ohi?rh. At,9 o'eleek .slddren'e snerJ?e wee held, at whleh thlere was azoeeptionally large attendanoe at you ,people. The Be. 8. Woo B._l, delivered an appropriate a~drers on the soubjet of" GoodFrid ." The morm. Intg service w oaeneoe t half-pat 10, there belinga fairsongregation. This wes aegeain coondtoted bythe Bevy.i Woods. There wes no elinglo. The sdr. gentleman spoke Impre svely with relerenoe to eme mnislionse. The nseaesily of "petting our own hoase in order:" snd of sending mieelosates ,to the "besk blocke," was Impresmirely dwelt upon. The three- hours' sereies, which bha now be dome as institution at the central duureh on cood Friday, weas bean at aldday. There wes a fairly large atteolanee" and most of those present etayed throughout. The eervioe we of a etriotly solemn ohareeler, onlyhymne besting on the Pagssselon being sang, while there werse lntervale to elsilent prayer and meditation. The gpresober wees aenon Hay, as- dean, who selared eddrese on the seven words fromihe eoese. Hie opening address wae on the words " They cruslled Him ." and the followleg seven on " Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do;" " To day shalt Thou be with Me in Paradise;" " Women, behold thy son - behold thy mother;" " My God, my God, why hast Thou forsakeen Me;" "I thirst ;" - It le finished;" and "Father, into Thy hands I commend Mr spirit ;" the elosing address being on the words, "He bowed His head aend gave np the ghost." Ip the evening the usual magit.o lantern servioce, Illustrative of the Paselon, was canducted by Canon Bartlett, M.A., there being a very nnumerous congregation. The varlooe slides, an admirable colleotlon, were spleadidly displayed through the medium of Mr. W. J. MollUoch's apparatus, the oonneetive address being given by the restor. It will be observed that epeoisl Easter eervices have been arranged for throoghout the parish. 