CONNUBIAL BLISS. MOTHERS OV ENGLAND. Bottcr than collego honours, Better than platform npplautso, Is to bo the mother of gallant men ? Guarding Great Britain's shores. Better than Woman's Suffrage, Bottor than visible might, Is a mother's hand on tho son's lifo holm, Steering his courso aright. Bettor than pulseless monumont, Bottor than public acclaim, Is to livd again in a noble boo, True author of his fame. Mothers, dear mothers of England, Best bulwarks of Britain's shore, Guarding our country's greatness, With your mothorhood strong and pure. . Arming our English manhood With tho breastplate of your love, With tfie sword of national righteousness, Tho helmet of prayers heard above. Mothers, dear mothers of England, Tho angels might envy your might, The might of a woman's weukness When blent with the courage of right. AN ABSENT MAN'S WEDDING DAY. When John Kemblo, tho great tragedian, was married, he went to tho theatre in the evening, and acted as usual, and it was re marked, with as much self- possession and tranquility as beforo. This was a great proof of tho wonderful command that Johu Kemble had over all tho springs of passion, quelling or pouring them forth at will; but tho real fact was that ho had forgotten all about tho marriage, for after the play waa over, instead j of going home to his now bctter-iialf,and the I friends who were waiting to tako a parting j glass, and wish fiim ever so much happiness, ho wont to his bachelor's homo; and tho friends wore astonished when ten o'clock j came, and he was to bo at homo, that no I John arrived, neither at eleven or at twelve. Off to tho theatre threo of them sallied. ' Mr. Kemblo left at half-past nino.' ' Where did he go to, sir ?' ' He was driven to tho Temple.' Perhaps ho had gono 'to take' a garcon's farewell, and was lingering yet fondly over the remains of tho bachelorhood. Arrived at tho door of the chambers, tho boll was pulled once, twice, thrice, with no result, and thoy woro on tho point of going away when the window opened, and the great John asked, as ho might of the ghost of papa Hamlet. ' Who ia there ?' ' Why, Kemble, what are you doing thero ? Wo havo been expecting you these threo hours, and your wife, Mrs. Kemblo, is distracted.' ' My wife ?' replied John. 'What ? Yes, I remember. I had forgotten it.' And tho innocent John soon let in his friends. Quito forgetting the morning's engagemout to onact the part of husband for life, he had gono homo to bed, tallowed his nose, and was quietly tucked in for the night. What Mrs. J. K. said wliou he was brought homo deponent said not. 4*4' Mrs. Gadd — I saw y'r husband on th* street yesterday. Ho looked very solemn, I thought. Has lie got religion ? Mrs. Gabb— No-o; it's only dyspepBia. A henpecked husband said in extenuation of his wifo'e raids upou his scalp, ' You see she takes her own hair off so easily, sho doenn't know how it hurts to have mino j pulled out.' | 4-4* 1 A Bible expounder, in speaking of Adam, said: ' When Adam awoke from his first sleep he discovered Eve. I may hero Do apropos to remark, that ho was ' ou the cvo of a great discovery. But it turned out that Adam's first sleep was his last repose.' When Brigham Young received the boxes containing tho important silk dresses and cashmere shawls for hiB thirty wives, he said to a friend: ' Ah, if you knew the cost of these goods you would not believe for a mo ment that I practised polygamy aB an earthly pleasure. No, sir! it is with me a stern duty.' ++ ' Henry,' cried Mrs. Von Toodles, grasp ing her somnolent husband by the arm. ' Henry, thero arc burglars in tho house. Get up and go down.' ' Utter nonsense, my dear,' returned Henry. ' You wouldn't have a man of iny social poBitiou associating with burglars, would you ? You astonish me.' 4-4. In Kine George Il's timo Lord E ? — married tfirec wives, who wero all his ser vants; a beggar woman meeting him ono day in the street, made hitn a very low curt sey. 'Ah, God Almighty blesB you,' said she, ' and send you a long life; if you do but livo long enough I may be lady E ? ,' 4'4-* Domestic Troubles. — 'Anico husband you aro!' ?*aid Madame in a passion. 'You care less about me than about those pet animals of yours. Look what you did when your poodle, Azor, died.' Husband (quietly): Well, I hnd him stuffed. Wife (oxasporated): You wouldn't havo gone to that expense for mc— not you, in deed.' A nobleman went to a pawnbroker to borrow a thousand pounds upon his wifo's jewels, and said, ' I want you to take tho stones out of tho settings and put false ones in their stead, as I do not want my wife to know that 1 have pawned them.' ' You are too late,' said tho pawnbrokeiH ' for I purchased the real stones of my lady a year ago.' 4*4* 'The whisper of a beautiful woman,' says Balzac, 'can be heard further than the loudest call of duty.' But the man who is creeping upstairs, with his boots off, at two o'clock a 111., and hears the whisper of his wife as he leans over the banisters, iu the darkness, docnu't think of her beauty. His chief thought is how much ho would liko to exchange his boots for a pair of wings. 4*4 Infuntino Innocence. — Little Ada and her mainina are in tho brougham, with just about one sccond to spare in order to catch the train at the station. Lisette, the lady's maid, is closing the carriage door. Ada in sists upon getting out again; sho has not kissed her papa. She is forcibly detained and assured there is uot time. ' Very well, thon, Lisette, you go to papa; give him one of yourBweclcst kisses, and tell him I hadn't timo to come myself.' 44 A child, while walking through an art gal lery witli her mother, was attracted by a etatue of Minerva. 'Who is that? ' said she, ' My child, that isMinorva,tho goddess of wisdom.' ' Why, didn't they mako her huBband, too? ' ' Because sho had nono, my child.' 'That was becauso she was wise, wasn't it, mamma? ' was tho artless reply. 