CH APT ICR VI I. VXl’l.EASAXT Q U ESTIOXS. “ The lady is asking lor me, did you say, Dave ? Just tell her that I'll he down in a moment, Why j are you standing there, staring at me like a I’ool ! “ ’Cause you look mighty like a ghost,” was the imprudent, reply of the boy, as he gazed at the white face of the woman he had come to summon. A iook of rage Hashed into her eyes, and coming closer to the lad, she caught him roughly by the neck. “ Don’t you say a word about that girl i( they ask .you, or J ’ll choke you, just so 1” and her fingers closed tightly over his throat. He made an effort to disengage j himself, as a ray of intelligence shot ! into his'eyes. lie knew now why ; the woman looked so pale and : shook like a leaf, for lie had seen ■ the beautiful girl down stairs he- j lore, and like a Hash, it came to him ! that she was the one that Amy had told him about, | “ Let go my neck, and I’ll pro- | mise you anything,’’ he said. I “ A ud keep it, too “ Yes, indeed. Trust me to keep my word. Dave Huberts never forgets a promise.” The lingers relaxed their hold, and, breathing more freely, the boy j departed to report that the mistress j would he along as soon as possible, i "When lie was gone. .Mrs. While j took down the dress that she inn! I worn to Amy’s aunt’s, more than ; six week’s before, and hastily made j her toilet., smoothing her hair as she ; looked about, for the glasses which : she wore before strangers, because it looked more respectable, she : thought. Not finding them, slm mechanic- ‘ ally thrust her hand into her pocket ; and pulled out—not the glasses j but the money (hat Amy had been ; accused of stealing. This did not ■ serve to calm her troubled mind, ; but putting on the best face pos- ' sible, she went down, smiling and ; bowing to the lady and gentleman : with sin obsequiousness that nearly upset Edith’s gravity. Oscar at once broached the sub ject. “ My sister tells mo that she, on a former occasion, met a young girl here. Cau wc see her ?” “ To be .sure you could, if the dear child was hero; but a terrible acci dent has happened since your sister saw her. The creek was very high, and .just as the poor girl was cross ing it she fell in, and that’s the last that has cvei been heard other.” “ It is very strange that we heard nothing of this,ami living not more than eight miles from here,” replied the gentleman, suspiciously. “ Was the body never found 1" asked Edith, with a face as pale as j a pond lily. j “ Bless your heart, the water was j too high for anything ol that kind, j Couldn’t begin to drag the stream : with that flood rushing along. I 11 What was her name 1” asked j Oscar, abruptly. j “Amy Jones. Now 1 come to j think of it, your sister married a ] Jones, didn’t she ?” ! “ My sister’s marriage has nothing to do with the subject, madam- ; Please coniine yourself to it in your , remarks/’ was the haughty reply, j Edith, 1 can sec no use in our re- j liiaiuing here any longer.” j “ Nor 1. Oh, Oscar, who could i have dreamed of our mission ending in this way ?” and the tear’s sprang to her eyes. j lie bent his head, and whispered : ; “Be calm, Edith. Don’t parade ; your sorrow before these people, or i our secret will be theirs.” j She hastily dried up her tears, aud passed out, leaning on her brother’s arm, bravely keeping back I the grief that was swelling her bosom, j The horses were waiting, held by j the landlord ; and lilting his sister j into U>o saddle, Oscar tossed the man a crown for his trouble, and they galloped away. Miss Mere dith was a good rider, but it re quired all her skill to keep her seat, as, turning a sudden bend in the road, her horse gaveaquiek plunge, and shied to the other side ui the turnpike. “ What do you mean 1” asked the gentleman sharply of a boy, who had jumped over the tenco aud scared the auimal. “ I mean to be here just now,” was the sullen reply. • “ That’s a nice way to talk to a person when he wants to be ol use to you. Oh, golly! didu’t that old woman lie. like the dickeus ?” “ Do you know anything of the girl, Amy Jones P’ asked Oscar, a dim perception dawning on his mind that he should get at the truth from the boy. “ More’n she’d like me to tell ”—■ pointing iu the direction ol the house, and shaking his fist in a vin dictive manner—“ for she said she d choke mo to death if I opened my mouth.” “ Go on, go on,” cried Oscar and Edith at once. “ Well, I will,'if you’ll give me a little time,” replied Dave, puffiug and blowing. “ It took mighty fast running to get here before you, and I’m almust out of breath. About two weeks after you folks drove away in such high glee, Mother White came iuto the kitchen and told Amy that she had robbed her. The girl turned like a ghost, and almost swore that she hadn't seen the money, but the woman shut her up in the wood-shed, saying that she should stay there till she con i fussed. 1 tried to keep her out, but the old one pitched me to the ! other side of the kitchen, and threw the poor thing in more dead than alive. 1 was cunning cuough for her, though, and after they were all asleep 1 stole down and took Amy out to the |iuni]), washed her face tiil she came to, and gave her all the moiay I had to take her to IN’cw York. Mother White really believes that she is drowned, for I brought in a shoo next morning, letting on that I found it in the water. I did, but I put it tlicre, too.” “ Did Amy know any one in New York ?” asked the gentleman. “An old woman that used to keep house for her father. She thought that she could liud her.” ‘Miruat Heaven!” cried Oscar, growing pale in an instant. “Just think of that child, alono in the j great city, without home, friends,or ; money, hunting for a person, who ! may have moved a dozen limes ; since she knew her. Edith, she had far better be lying beneath the cohl waves, I fear.” “ Y>m don’t think she has come to h.-u m, do you ?” asked the lad. | “It is impossible to think other j wise. Hut you meant well, and your secret shall bo kept, for the \ time at least.” | “ You’ll try to find her, may be 1” i said Dave, doubtfully. “ 1 shall leave no means untried to do so. Can 1 aid you in any : way ?” asked Oscar. “Jf you can help me to a situa ; lion, where 1 could liud time to pick ; up a little learning from books now and then, I’d be mighty much ; obliged to you.” ! “ I)o 3tou -want an education ?” asked the gentleman, looking at him ; in some surprise. j "More than anything on earth,” answered Dave, with an eagerness j that almost transfigured his homely, j freckled face into a handsome one. “ I promised my mother on her dy ing bed to learn all I could—to study hard if I got the chance.” “ i’ll .remember your kindness to Amy,” was the gentleman’s brief reply. “ Good-bye.” 