THE GIMCRACK CLUB. [Chronicled by W. T. G.] The usual weekly meeting of the Gimcrack Club was held at the rooms, Cartridge- street, Balmain, on Wednesday night last, the President (Mr. Wriggletwist) occupying the chair. Mr. Chogsop said they would all be pleased to learn, on the authority of the “Daily Careygraph,” that Mr. Wise had been translated to the Upper House. Mr. Smagglewit: Why, he ain't German, is he ? Mr. Chogsop : Of course not. Mr. Snagglewit : Then what the devil do they want to translate him for ? Is he French ? Mr. Chogsop objected to such absurd interjections. French was a well- known military expert who, with the assistance of Colonel Neild, Bill Wilks, and other fatuous commanders, was maintaining a masterly silence as to the effic-emcy of the New South Wales Forces. It seemed that according to he traditions of the War Office ; a place in Pall Mall which provided billets for many persons who couldn't earn a living else- where, the only safe course for military officials was to maintain an air of dark and blasted mystery. It was understood that foreign Powers were much impressed with that sort of thing. A blank refusal by a military expert to give any information to a Parliamentary committee was doubly ad- vantageous. In the fir-t place it saved the country from the invasion that was bound to occur if Russia teamed the number of blunderbusses at Paddington; and secondly, it saved the military experts from the worry of preparing returns. It was much easier, when asked questions, to shake your head and look wise, than it would be to answer them. Probably that was why the War Office adopted the simple plan of extreme reticence, like the police did about the whereabouts of the Breelong black's. When the police hadn’t got the ghost of a not on where Jimmy Governor was, they flatly and firmly refused to supply any in- formation to the press. Mr. Snagglewit: But they've got Jimmy Governor ! Mr. Chogsop: Who has? Did the police get him ? Certainly not; and nobody ever expected they would. The only trouble was that, as the civilians had done all the work, the police might now strain every nerve to secure an acquittal. The police would be naturally annoyed, and some en- deavor might be made to show that the party arrested was really identical with the Pithecanthropus which—— Mr. Snagglewit : What the dev—— The President : Order! Mr. Snagglewit : Right- oh ! Mr. Chogsop said the Pithecanthropus was a lady constructed from a thigh bone by a New York newspaper. A thigh bone had been found, and also a skull, and it had been decided by New York journalists—a class of people who had never been known lo speak the truth—that these bones were the remains of a creature which existed 24 million year ago, and was the missing link between man and the ape. As an extremely large jaw was attached to the skull, it was of course concluded that the remains were those of a lady, and most probably a mother-in-law. Mr. Chuckleben : What Darwin called proanthropos Is now the pithecanthropos, And all they own Is just a bone, That might be dog or menthropos. Mr. O'Moses th-ught the thanks of the community were due to Dr. Camac Wilkin- son, who had suggested that the inaugura- tion of federation should be celebrated by a cricket match. Dr. Wilkinson referred to men whose names were household words in the cricket circles of the British Empire, and mentioned that among them was “the great living apostle of Federation, Mr. Barton himself.” This was the most brilliant suggestion that had yet been made, but, unfortunately, Dr. Wilkinson had over- looked the position of Mr. Reid as President of the N.S.W. Cricket Association. The spectacle of a cricket match with Australia's Noblest Son at one wicket and Australia's Champion Wobbler at the other would be a sight to make the angels weep tears of heavenly hilarity. He understood that when Mr. Reid last played cricket a difficulty arose as to the bowling. The bowler, it appeared, objected that there was no chance to hit the wicket, unless by bowling at it from the back, owing to the immense bulk of the batsman. A discussion was held between the umpires, and it was decided that in the event of the ball striking the batsman on the buckle of his waist-band it should be regarded as leg-before-wicket, while if the ball hit him on another part of his system it should be counted as a “wide.” Now—— Mr. Snagglewit : I say, where did you get this yarn from ? Mr. O'Moses denied that it waa a yarn. It was just as true as the remarks made by the Premier at the Feed-oration guzzle at Orange. The Premier's idea seemed to be that the Federal Capital should be in four sections, and that one section should be at Orange, another at Bombala, a third at Affleckville, and a fourth somewhere down about the Hume. With regard to the proposal to celebrate the establishment of a new nation by holding a cricket match, how- ever, he thought the matter should be taken in hand by the Ministry at once. The only objection to Dr. Wilkinson's proposal was that it was not sufficiently wide in scope. There should be a football match in which Mr. Reid and Mr. Barton and Mr. John See would be in the front row of the “scrum.” Nation-builders of 18st would look lovely in such a position, especially in the event of numbers of foreign visitors being present. Then there was the game of marbles and hopscotch ; why should these be left out? Mr. Chuckleben: Oh wipe off your chin and give somebody else a show. Mark these remarks :— Now Jack and Bill were cobbers in the anci nt days of yore, And Jack became a gentleman and kept a country store ; But Bill became degraded through mis- fortune (mixed with be r), And yet they still were friendly ; which is something rather queer, Rather queer ; Did you hear? William spoiled himself with beer ; But they still were fairly friendly, which is something rather queer. When Bill went up to Jacksonville, where John was keeping store, They had a ball and social on and festive things galore ; And John, of course, invited Bill to see the local life, And placed him for a partner in the dances with his wife. William's wife ? Bless me lite ! In this weary world of strife, It was Jack who was the gentleman, and Jack who owned the wife. Now, Mrs. Jack was just the same as ladies mostly are, And thought this early friendship might be carried much too far. She objected to her partner, and, to put it plain and neat, Said she couldn't stand the odor of this gentle William's feet. Said his feet Were a treat That was rather too complete ; So her husband went to William, and they walked across the street. “Look here, Bill,” observed his comrade, “I’m aware you're rather poor ; Come with me and get some other socks, there's plenty in the store !” And he left the festive William, and ret-urn ing to the ball, Asked his wife to stand another walt with William, after all. Bill was tall ; Conscience small ; And he thought it like Jack's gall But he helped himself to so.cks and then crossed over to the ball. And he danced with Mrs. Jack again, who simply swooned away In an agony of terror, which created much dismay. Jack could suffer it no longer, so he thun- dered, “Look here, Bill, You promised me to change them socks, and now my wile is ill !' “Me ?” said Bill, “Make her ill ?” “Why, I changed them socks,” said Bill, “And put the old ones in my pocket, and they're in that pocket still !” Mr. Gripsnap said Leichhardt, a munici- pal area somewhere between Cape York and Cape Howe, desired lo be recognised officially. It was pointed out by several aldermen that members of Parliament were paid, and got free railway passes, while aldermen were not treated with the respect to which the business of kerbing and gutter- ing his own footpath naturally entitled the local grocer who became an alderman be- cause half the taxpayers were in his debt, and was afraid to vote against him. This was a very proper view to take. What the Government ought to do as another means of celebrating the Feed-oration ceremony was to give free railway passes for life to all aldermen in the colony and a special pension to every Justice of the Peace who has been out of gaol for at least 12 months. The Government seemed to be somewhat niggardly in these matters, and would have to be stirred up a bit. What was the good of founding a nation if every local magnate was not to be allowed a free feed and some advantage over that ? It wou d be nice to give them all knighthoods, or call them all Dukes or Earls or something ; but that could hardly be done. The only other course was to appoint the local magnates of Leichhardt and Buckley's Crossing and Sassafras to the Commission of the Peace, with the right to travel free over the railways and the privi- lege of sending accounts for all expenses to the Government. He thought the Leichhardt idea was a most sensible one, though he thought the local aldermen were somewhat too modest in their demands. Mr. McParritch said he was much sur- prised to find that the Ministry had only allowed Lord Beauchamp six months' leave of absence on screw. As Lord Worcester—— The President: The Governor's title is not Lord Worcester. Mr. McParritch : I well know ; but would we ever remember where he came from if it wasn’t for Lea and Perrin’s sauce? The Governor was leaving the colony, a-d yet what did the Ministry propose? After all the brilliant services rendered to the Empire by references to the convict ancestry of many Australians, all that was to be done was to pay the young man six months' wages for doing nothing. It was monstrous. Lord Beauchamp should get at least 10 years' salary—— Mr. Snagglewit : Hear, hear ! Mr. McParritch : Hello, when did you start to be loyal ? Mr. Snagglewit : Well, it aint exactly loyalty, but it occurred to bo that it might be only a fair price for a happy relief. Mr. Bifken strongly deprecated any offensive reference to vice-regal personages, whether useful or merely ornamental, and begged to move that the Club adjourn to the pie-shop to eat success to the Common- wealth. The motion was carried, and the custom in regard to drinking was followed in regard to the pies, each member “shout- ing” pies in turn until each had consumed 463 pork pies, and waistbands were stretched to bursting point. This sort of th.ng was objected to by the chairman, but he admitted that it wasn't much more idiotic than the liquor shouting racket. 