HOW- DOGS ARE STOLEN "Stolen! Doga are never stolen!” said a member of the trade to the "P.W.” man .who had found him out. "They are lost and stray around, and we find them and give the poor creatures a home,” and a ghost of a wink trembled on the man’s It is the hidden meaning of this candid statement which accounts to a certain ex tent for the popularity of the dog stealers' profession. The charge of theft in the case of dogs is always difficult to prove, and In nine case3 out of ten, when owners do recover their lost darlings, they are so transported with joy that they gladly forgive the thief. Besides this, it is .a lucrative profession, and one which, un like burglary, may be carried on all the year round without interruption, I “There are two branches of the trade," | the "pro." confessed. “There are some i who imprison dogs solely in the hope that ! a reward will he offered, and very often, if no notice Is taken, they allow the dog3 to escape again. Amateurs, those are," h# explained with a contemptuous shrug. “How do we set about the work? Well, there’s an element of risk In it, of course. Bitten? Scores of times; but, bless you, know how to handle the creatures. One method Is to fasten a morsel of liver im side the bottom of the trousers! That’s a bait, Which most dogs can't resist,,. They i you.horne—come away from any V are cholce WprBel—and there you toJwtuy'8tealini? trap, and no aooner is the kSiwmm dog roiipd the corner than he ls bundle* a sank and speedily driven away. “What dp we do with them When1 wc’vo got ’em? Why, sell 'em, of opirrse,".said the man in the trade. ‘’AdVi'.rttecments are put In all the doggy paitefBi'dn&Vtha; iV, creatures arc sent bn approval. That Is why such good bargains are eo often made. Of course, wo do not haggle over pvlee. A clear profit of a few shil lings or a few pounds, as the case may he, is all we want.’1 "Then .the advertisement columns of papers would be a good place to look for points of resemblance with one’s lost “Yes; but you won't publish that, of course." The “P.W.” man said he would try hot to, but he had an unaccountable weakness for publishing things which he could not always overcome. Besides, It was a tip of value. “We have a system of ’swopping’ booty," the man went on, “A dog stealer up in York, we’ll say, sends a collie down here for me to fcell, and when I have any thing I dare not advertise in London, why one of my pals does the same for me. You see we know one another in the trade.;* “Difilcult work sending the dogs by train?. Well, !t is that. Not so much in London, you know, as in the provinces, when a valuable dog is well-known by everybody. The man who has-" “Stolen the dog?” suggested the “P.W,” man, seeing his informant hesitating for the right word. . “Acquired possession of the dog, I was going to say,” replied the man haughtily. “Well, anyhow, the man who has got the dog goes out to some little station away down the line, and books the animal from there.” Unfortunately, this trade is one which pays remarkably well. It is carried on methodically, and considerable profit* are made.—“Pearson’s Ayeekly.” 