Union City.. Our. near neighbours, the good people of New South Wales, aro opening? their eyes, aud even their mouths, to the very widest, on fully realising uf act to which we called attention inuny time, over during the federal racket last year. It relates to the site for the proposed capital of the nnion. Many persons have gone to the extent of suggesting what tho name of tho holy oity should be; but doubts are being felt if wo shall ever get so far as wanting a name for tho new capital. The provisions of the federal constitution, on this subject, are like tho compact whioh the clown made for deferring his execution until lie had said his prayers. On his side thero was a mental reservation nover to say them. Tho constitution provides that "the seat of Government of the Common wealth shall bedetermiued by theParliament it further determines that, under conditions stated, it shall bo in Now South Wales, dis tant not less than one hundred miles from Sydney. Also, it provides thai " tho Parlia ment shall sit at Melbourne until it meets at the seat of Government." Hero is a set of conditiousgood enough to provoke an intermin able dispute ubout the projected maiden oity. It is for New- South Wales to offer a list of sites, but the Federal Parliament may reject them all. New South Wales may then offer another list, to suitor the like fate. There is no provision in the constitution for terminat ing such a dispute, such a. delay. Ayearago wo wero told that we must rely upon the federal spirit '; but as we lenvo theories behind ns and come into the region of practical things, tho federal' spirit appears 'to vanish, as ghosts always do when approached. A correspondent testily writing in a Sydney newspaper says that the High Court of Judicature might terminate suoli an unseemly strife on the ground that a reason able time had elapsed ; but, unfortunately for the argument, tho constitution par ticularly deals in positive, not in hypo thetical, term's when speaking of this subject. Concerning some subjects it is specially provided that time shall be given for dealing with them ; aud this implies that a reasonable time having been given a determination must be reaohed. No such provision could be made for fettling a question of suoh magnitude us that of building the chief oity of tho union. Our neighbours clearly see, they deeply feel, that "nutbing would suit Viotoria better tlmu to have such a deadlock brought about and main tained until the end of time." As if awaking from a bad dream thoy say, "for while the dispute went on about tbo capital 1 in posse,' the capital ' in esse ' would bo Melbourne, whioh oity might, under the circumstances he expeoted stanehly to uphold tho right of New South Wales to block its removal to any other site until tho oue approved of was adopted." The writer of the above is so exoited that actually ho does not say what he mean. ; for his meaning is that Mel bourne would do her best and hor worst to incite strife amongst the vuriuus parties iu New South Wales in order to doluy settle ment. We do not say that Melbourne would do thut ; because such an observation from us might savour of prejudice. But our neighbours say that "ulroudy Melbourne ha. ehown a desire to go back ou the compact concerning the chief oity," and that, therefore, 110 doubt, Bhe will set to gether by tbe ears the parties who are in favour of tho various proposed sites. The task will ho us easy as pleasant. It would bo possible' to show that Bombula is out of line ; that Orauge is on a hill ; that Yass is in a hole ; that Blayney is the most unpootic of towns in New South Wales; that, in fact, thero is 110 place within tho herders of Now South Wales whoreat 100 square miles of land suitable for a federal oity could ho obtained unless it is Albury ; and to have the capital thore would he equivalent to having it iu Viotoria ; it would bo nearly tho same as having it iu Melbourne itself. In their pain they almost hollow ; but, alas ! bellowing will not bring relief. 