ICOXPZSTB XJf TEIS miTS.] mDRIEL'S ATONEMENT, I . 3BT CLARA MULHOLLAND, Author of 'A Striking Contrast, ' 'Kathleeu Mavouraoeo,' Ac., tee. , 'a ? ? a [pmeai.], ~ 'vi— » HAD been Mntgr ( \ far*from well for some LKn time. A shani attack ol influeuaa, followed -W vjVK by i still sharper ? JL tonah otpae mnooja, I f i! vwl ireakenec 1 and' j B ft «J'' ix depressed me. I ,|1 ff Ml - V' Change -of air and ! w U * fir soene, with plenty of . w variety and srause-. I I? J rooti wa» absolutely m f/j Jm necessary for me, the j I LyTj doctor declared. It B I did not get this soon he' feared the coniequenoes. I smiled sadly, and looked at my mother. ' We an not rich, dootor. My father oould not afford to take tu all away, and to go any where alone would be too dreary.' ' Host certainly, and not to be thought of for a moment.' 'Then I must stay at home, take my took, and hope for the best.' And I heaved a deep rigfa, little dreaming of the delightful invitation that was even then on its way to me. Hy mothers only sister had married a wealthy man without business or profession. Hey had no ehiBaren^ and as they Were both, \- fond ot travel and excitement, had no settled home. They wandered here, there, and everywhere. And often for o y ear or more, we had no idea whether they were in Kurope, India, or Amerioa. Eight months had now elapsed, since my aunt hod last written, and it was therefore with extreme pleasure that I (the very day after the doctor's visit) received a letter from her, announcing htr arrival in London. She and Uncle Tom were tired of roaming about, she said, and had made up their minds to stay in England for the next two or three years at least, and had rented a furninhed bouse in Yorkshire, where they intended to reside as much as possible. 'We are anxious, for once, to spend a happy English Christmas,' she wrote, ' and bave invited a number of friends to oome to ns both before, for, and after that time. We are to bave constant relays of visitors id) through the winter. Our first arrive on . December 8, so you muxt meet ns on the seventh, and travel with ns up to Cleeve Hall. I will expect yon to stay all the time, as I must have someone young and pretty to help roe to entertain my guests ana make thio^n Sleasant. So be sure you come without fail, earest Celia. Tell 'your parents, with my love, that they must do without you for one Christmas. -f. .. ?♦.Tour loving ^ 'Auot Cabby.' 'P.S. — Be sure you bring plenty of bin art frouks, as we shall be more than gay. I enoloM cbpqne to oover all expenses. ' This was delightful. The very thing j wanted, and moet joyfully 1 set to won; to prepare for my vi3it. This, thanks to my aunt's generosity, I was able to do in a magnificent manner, and ou the day mentioned by her, I left the rectory with a trounncau the like of whioh I bad never dreamed it possible to possess, and with which I was perfectly enchanted. The Journey into Yorkshire was accom plished with ease and .comfort ; and my aunt, uncle, and I arrived at Cleeve fiall in excellent time that afternoon. We looked out eagerly 'as we approached our new abode, and as we drove through the old wrought iron gates, up a long avenue, we were filled with adroiratKm, Cleeve Hall stood in yb« midst of a fine parx, and was surrounded -u»on ail sides by noble oaks, tail Uroes, .and_et4iely . waving firs. It was an'irreguliirly built, but picturesque, mansion of red brick, with large bsy windows and wide balconies. The lawns were well laid out and planted with s'uah a variety of . beautiful evergreens that even m the dusk of a December afternoon the place did not lode as desolate and dreary . as one would have expected. Inside, the honse was luxurious, and was furnished throughout with such excellent taste that my aunt and unole were delighted. That .evening we dined alone, and as I was ?weary and tired after my journey and . unusual excitement I bade ' Good night ' early and retired to bed. My room was a enrious one, and my feelings upon entering it were not altogether agreeable. The bed, . which stood in an above, was draped with blue silk curtains ; . tbe walls were hung with tapestry of quaint design ; a large bow window, very high from the ground, with a perfect staircase of steps leading np to it, occupied all one end ; whilst a handsome wardrobe of inlaid satin wood filled up the other. Several candles burned brightly upon the dressing-table, but their light was not sufficient to illuminate the distant corners, and I grew somewhat nervous as I peered into their unfathomable depths. 'Grandeur is not always pleasant,' I said with a shiver. ?« I was more oomfort-' able and happy in my own little poorly . furnished room at home than in this floe chamber.' Then. laughing at myself for being ao silly, I hurriedly mode my preparations for .ihe nyrht, blew out the candles^ and crept into For some time I lay watching the firelight upon the walls and roling. and then a drowsy ' numbness stole over me, and I fell ssleep. But all at onoe a noise like the tappmg or ? fluttering of a bird against ihe windows 'startled me, and I sat up agitated and op .. ^ pressed. The room was now in' complete daifoiefis. Thefire had died down in the \- grate ; the window curtains wore closely ? drawn. Then suddenly/ out of the gloom, sur rounded by a halo of brilliant light, the ? figure of a youoe-glri, .olad in a simple white ? dress, a blue ribbon round her waist, came \- ? - gliding softly aorossthe flow, and stood . at . ine fort of my bed, gazing at me with aad, eceet appeslingeyes. I tried to 4peak fce herrbut my tongue' \- j. dove to the toot of fair month, and no sound Cpme forth, as I marvelled who die oould he, and how she had* entered the room. The' door was ahut, the window fast hotted. - But but distinct voion , , 'To-morrow you will meet one who has ? - suffered muoh. Ton will know him hy his \- Pole,'proud faoe, and melancholy eyes. I 2®stroyad his hanpineas— you must restore it. £g ihid,.Kto ldnd.'. . I gaaed at her, trembling, and Med to r apeak; hut ere I oould raply her form 4a&edj; ^ ^ laeaBitt shadowy. indMJnet, then vanished, , ^leavinK the room in darkness as bcfoie. i I Mt sicSc and faint. ' A oold perspiration stood uponmy blow, and 1 layWitfc xlilated ejf staring. into the gloomy conien, afraid tr rrTrnr, irfntV llmirnf- tn hnwrtni ninilo Inn who this strange visitaotoould be, and bow jhe had managed to enter py room. Then gradually my tanor snbdded. It was cue of the servants playing a: trjoki . or - . walking, in her gUap, f. told myself. She mot have entered hjr, the door whflst I slept. To-morrow I would oomplain to the house ? . keeper — and better am fock the doo*— and then I need have no fear. Agitated and exmted I toased from aids to c ode upon ray pillow, the strange wocds lhad . - Just beard ringing in my ears. '. 'It is absurd— I will think of them -no lengec,' I cried. ' And I 'dall take good 'oarenever tohear4heai agaur.- A giri inthe , habit of Sleep-walking should be -watched, \- ? ? and not allowed to wander at will through a . house at night. Iwishedldaredgetopuid follow her. Bbt,' shivering, 11 1 dare not. jTtr' . A'3 Amo, '»t U»^ wtterfjr w-)m out, ; 1 fan aaMfi onoe more, When I next awoke, the morning ami wm ag Wghfly ^n_at. the window. The . - W ?» dam iii3a| wj UA I filled ; dress kid riady upon a I chair, lly annffl tnaid had evidentiy been t-i hot Md gone away withoot dinturtitnL' ts6. Surprised, that Tshould have slept m soundly and _ ao hmg. X o{ning UD atid, dresring hurriedly, ran dowh io the dinhig room, where J found «ny mint and onole bB ginning breakfast. i Aunt Oatty and I »peut a pleasant moruin^ wandering over . th-- old houws and many and curious were the thioga it ixoitsined. ' r ' This, now, isa charming room. 'orieH my I annt, leading the way into a small - inner drawing-room. 'TOiisI shall keep as my own -particular sanctum.' ? It was a ddigbtfol little bcAiHou^ panelled | in white wood, a wide oriel wmd--w. -and. ? finely-carved dihnney -pirae ' ooverod with exquisite old china. Over the fireplaoe, fnuo*d into the wall, was a very bmuttfull) painted portrait, and 'I started uid tremUed as I met the sad sweet eyes of the girl who had appeared no strangely at the foot of my bed the night before.' 'Why, child,' said Aunt Carry, 'one would tnink you had seen a .ghost. That pretty portrait seema4o ahum and . fascinat- you. You look quite pale.' ' Who is she t' I gasped. 'Does she liv. baeP' 'Certainly not, and who she is I cannot tell you Some daughter oi the bou^e. Bui we took the place through an agent and knon nothing ofthe family. She looks oharming. I think.' 'Tee — very.' 'And this embroidery, Oils — isnV it ex quisite f And this piece of Sevres I Ok! 1 must fetoh Tom to look at this.' And as mr aunt went away to find her husband, I sank upon a oh air, my eyes riveted upon the pic 1 ture. Then hearing my aunt and uncle re turning I escaped upstairs. On the first landing I met Aunt Cany'* maid. ' I have taken your things into a smallei 1 and pleasanter. room, Hiss Celia,' she said. , ' Your aunt thought the one you slept in last. : night too big and gloomy.' 'Oh, thank you,' I oried. And with a sigh of relief I followed her into a charming daintily furnished little room, looking out I upon the flower garden. ' I shall eaj I nothing of what I saw or dreamt last night,' I decided, looking round me with pleasure ' I shall be happy here and sleep peacefully. They might laugh and jeer — peniape tall tne guests aB they arrive — and that I could not stand. I shaU forget tbe whole thing as fas' as I can.' At tea time that afternoon s merry party gathered together in the oak panelled hsll, and I was duly presented to tbe newly arrived vinitors. When I had recovered from my first shy ness, I looked eagerly, anxiously round tbe room. The company included persons of various ages. There * were elderly' matronx and their husbands, young girls, and several unmarried men. But not one corresponded with the description given to me by my ghostly visitant. There were dark men aud fair — many jovial light-hearted fel lows — and one or two with an air of blase discontent. But nowhere did 1 aee the 'pale prond faoe with melancholy eyes.' Upon convincing myself of tbis, I heaved a sigh of relief, and laughing at my folly in thinking seriously of what must have been a dream,! joined in the lively chatter that was going on around me. That evening I put. on a pretty white silk, with a bunch of scarlet berries at my breast, and ran down to the drawing-room before dinner, feeling well pleased with myself. I was looking quite my best, and rrfirated with a satisfied smile that at ail events my aunt would have no reason to be ashamed of her nieee. . '* My dear Celia, you really look charm ing,' was Aunt Cany's greeting as I entered. ' Mr. Goring must take you in to dinner, and see that yuo are extremely nice to him.' 'Mr. Qoring, auntie f Who is he?' 1 cried in astonishment. No one of that name had, as far as I knew, arrived that aftemoou, and I could not think whom she meant. But at this moment my aunt bad to attend to her duties as hostess, and dropping into tbe back ground, I stood watching our guests aa they came pouring in, one after the other. But no one appeared whom I had not aeen at tea time, and I decided that auntie had made a roWtn)t8 in the name. And moan!. ? n ? — l ? t L.a ? x.y met. Quite satisfied with this explanation of her words, I was talking to a lively young American lately arrived from New York, when I heard my uncle say : _ 'We are all assembled, Carry. I trust they will not keep us waiting for dinner.' ' No, no ; it is not time, dear. And Hr. Goring has not come down yet; he arrived late.' Another guest ! Hy hands trembled, and I let my fan sli{- from toy fingers. Mr. Barnes stooped to piok it up, and L looked quickly towards tbe door, which at that instant opened to admit a tall, spate, and extremely refined-looking man. He hurried across to my aunt, with outstretched hand. ' I am ao aohr, and apologise profusely,' he said in a clear, sweet voice. ' But my train was late, and I did not arrive till after tbe dressing- bell bad rung. I trust you have not waited for m» P' ' Not at all. You are in excellent time, Mr. Goring,' said my aunt, smiling upon him, and from her manner I saw at onoe thsf. this man was a favourite. ' Celia, my dear, may I introduce you to Hr. Goring P' she oontinued, drawing ae forward. ' Hr. Goring — my nieee, Hiss Undo.' He bowed, and a* Hooked op and put my hand in his, my heart stood atill, and 1 trembled and grew oold aa death. In the pale, pood face and handsome, meUnrboly eyea of Mr. Gerald Goring X felt sure I aaw the man whom the apparition predicted I should meet, and to whom she had oegged ae to be kind. During dinner Hr. Uonhg did not prove a lively companion, and it wi»a with a feeling of intense relief that I roee -up and followed the other ladies from the room. lhat night I slept little. I sras excited and ill at ease. When I put oat the lights and got into jbed I lay open-eyed and breathless, hoping, fearing, dreading that the apparition would again abow itself at tbe foot of my bed. But it came not. ' Perhaps tha room makes ? difference,' I saSdatJaat. ' I bopeso.' And I fell asleep. Hntdav I aeaimlr aaw If r u k- started eariy for tbe moon, and it wa* too dun aad damp ^or the ladies to jota the ahoot ing party at laDoheou.- In the evening he did not ait near me aNHau«r, aad aa I watched him anrreptatiooaly frua the far end of the table, I nmM lwt he spoke hut seldsjn, and was ahaorbed and preoooupied. . , 'TJw inm has . * sad story,' I reflected. ' 'Iwondsr what it isf She aaid she US de- J stroyod his happineaa, aad that I — — ! ' XouareJUxiin^ ai Goring, I see,' re marked my neighbour, Hr. Barnes. * Isn't ha a melraoholy, teOowf X wooder what's the matter f' I started and blushed deeply.' I was. annoyed to he oaoght watching one of, my aunt s guests, and fbe man's words irritated me. . 'I guess he's not what one would «all'a' lady's man,' heoontinued. 'He was quite lively on the moon, but the moment he approached the booae a aloud aeemed to foil «pon him.' ' At the ttaughtaof feeing theladisaf*' ' 'Fethapa. At all events in the houae he is ?Sent, depressed ; oat of doon he Js quite good company. Have you known him kmgP' VQnly aiiioe laat sight. Mv Unole and aunt made his acqushitanos at Honte Cario t»c years ago. They say he was quite dlgflTOPt iwre, ? 'Then it must be the sir of thla old house that disagrees with him, Man ha has aeen aghoat.'''-. 'Aghoetl' ' I sank back' with a little cry, as before me sfomsd to rise tbe shadowy phantom in the whtt^ dinging dreaa; aud tbe aad wail of her voioe raogonoamore in myean. ' I destroyed his huipinese. You must re store it. Be kind— he mj.' 'Ton are fll. Miss Undo. Take a little wine. Tharootn is too bot,' cried Hr. Barnia, in much distress. 'No, n6;plaaaedon'tnotioe nw,er attnstmy aiiittsattention. It is rather hot, hnt K- ia not that. X- — ' . 'I-hadnoidsayoa were ao nervous. It wttforiMxftaefetalk about ghosts, ami, utoonCT^ ift «B WWW.' -'Oh, ofoourse,' I cried, reconrering my setf-poMsooa. ' ^Itwas net— hut see, my , »unt is going,' and I sprang gladly to tny foot ' '?', ? ? I'lie next day waa ons of brilliant (uniiuae aad hard frost; sowefo the three snooeeding -iays. and thai the ice bring declared strong nnough to bear, tiie younger members of tho party set ^fF ttftether to enjoy a few hours' skating upon h lake, in a beautiful demesne ?mine miles away. V As I seated myself to put on ,ay akatcs, Mr. Goring suddenly appeared at my side. ' Allow me. Miss Undo,' be said, smiling. Surprised beyond measure, I gave him my xlmtes, and I could scarcely believe my eyes when he went down upon one knee before me, and deftly fastened the streps. And when lie, atood up again, and asked me to take a turn with him round the lake, I was still more Hutonished, and very thankful that, having 'pent two winters in St. Horitz, I was hy no means a poor performer. Hr. Goring was an exoellent skater, and »3 we skimmed lightly over the ice, he unbent as h ' had never done before. He waaadelight Ful companion, and as t glanced at the clean - cut, handsome features, the pale, clear, skin, the short aristocratic lip, and animated in telligent face, I marvelled more and more at the gloom and depression from which he usually suffered. After this, the days flew by in quick suc cession. The fine frosty weather continued, tud we spent most of our time on the ico. Visitors oame and went at Cleeve Hall, but Gerald Goring still lingered on amongst us. He talked frequently of going, but was Vilways persuaded to prolong nis visit by my - aunt and unole, who appeared to have con ceived a strong affection for him. And I P When he was near I was blissfully happy ; when he wandered from my side and talked or walked with anyone else, I felt envious and dissatisfied. When he spoke of 1 waving us my soul was. filled with anguish. His smile .was more to me than anything in the world, its very rareness making it the more valuable. So the days wore on, and on, Christmas Eve some of my friends and I went off together to decorate the village church. ' Many hands make light work,' and in a Abort time our wreaths were hung, our plants and flowers arranged to our satisfaction, and we wandered out of the church amongst the old moss-grown graves. Presently I dropped behind, and, careless of where I sat, sank down upon the grass Imiide a pretty white marble monument, and almost unconsciously I read the short inscrip tion : Sacred to the Memory of Muriel, Aged Nineteen. 'Poor thing; how young I' I sighed. *? But perhups, after all, she was saved from a world of pain.' ' A hand wag laid upon my shoulder, and, looking up, I saw Gerald Goring, white and \ agitated, standing before me. 'Come away,' he cried. 'Oh, oome away!' I rose at once and followed him out of the (ihurohyard, and in silence we strolled away across tbe lonely moorland. ' Miss Lindo,' be said after a time, 'how was it you came to sit near that grave P' ' I cannot tell ; chance, I suppose. I felt tired, and sat down without looking where.' 'A dangerous thing, a moBt dangerous thiug to sit out of doors at this time of year. But do you — have you ever heard that girl's history ?' '? No ; I never saw or heard her name till now.' ?'Ten years ago,' he said, with emotion, 'she una I were engaged to be married.' I started round, and looked with eyes full uf pity into bis pale, handsome face, but X made no remark. ?' I loved Muriel passionately, devotedly,' bo continued. 'She was Very lovely, a dainty little thing, with eyes of the purest ulue, and hair like spun gold, growing all over her pretty head in a myriad of tiny curls; But she was self-willed, ana could not bear to t»e crossed in the smallest thing. Her parents were wealthy, and had all her life humoured her smallest whim. Eight months ot the year ihev lived at beautiful Cleeve Hall; the remaining time ? ' '? In Cleeve Hall ? Oh, Mr. Goring, . «be one of tha^Leigha f' ?' ? ' ? He bowed his head. j ' Mr. Leigh's only child. Sho was killed 'X a fall from her horse beforemy very eyes.' ' How terrible !' ' lem'bie, indeed I And all the more so when one remembers that her death was caused by her own folly and pervcraeness. In a fit of childish bravado she one day insisted upon jumping a fence, which I assured her iras dangerously wired upon the far side. '« ' I can easily olear it, and I will jump 't, she cried, and away she went. ' Oh, God 1' he murmured, ' how plainly I see it all — the lovely pouting lips, the uenant pose of the golden head as she flew past me ou her spirited little inare ; then the awful crash — tbe sad hours beside her as she lay cold and dead upon the ground, whilst the groom went io search of a carriage in which to convoy her bacV to the hall —the hint duys— »the funeral— and my heart-broken departure from tbe old house — from which Z weut vowing never to return.' '* And jet you came,' X whispered through my tears. ' How you must have suffered JM V®u^or®d^' k* Mid, turning suddenly and looking straight Into my eyee. ' Tea, at tint. He paused abruptly, and, stooping, gathered a piece of heather and plaoed it in his buttonhole. ?'I met your nnole and aunt abroad, as I dare say they have told you, Miss Xjindo, and we became fast friends. They knew nothing of my story, ao when they took the hall, they at onoe invited me to come to them. My first inclination was to refuse. I hesitated. Bome thmg drew me to the old place, and I came, ui the house I was depressed, miserable. The thought ol Huriel haunted me. .1 aaw her at every turn, and I resdved to go. But go I oould not. Something compelled me to stay. As the days went on J grew more peaceful. In the open air — with you, talking to you Hy» heart beat tumultuously, and I dared foot raise my eyee. 'I gradually became happier. A weight seemed lifted from mv heart. When van were near I forgot past troubles. I felt able to amile— to laugh. I seemed to grow young again. Old memories faded. Things that used to pain me did so no more. In the boudoir bangs Muriel's portrait, and I have \ looked at it without a pang. I- ? ' 'Muriel 1 Oh, then, it waa die,' I cried,, '.^who oame to me aud told met I j retogniaed her at onae when I aaw tbe por trait.' And I stammered out a full desorip tipn of the apparition that bad visited me upon the night of Aiy arrival at Oleeve Hall. 'How marvellous!' he murmured, with changing odour mid in aa awe-struck voioe. '' Did you aee her more than onoe ¥} 'No, only- onoe. And I waa nervous, over- wrought. The Blue Chamber is big nn* gloomy;.' 'The room in which they laid her,' ho covered bia faoe with hiBhands, 'at the last.' 'It may have been a dream — a — a fancy ? ' _ ' No,' hehnswered, solemnly. . 'Toaaaw sweet Muriel — of that I am oonvinoed. But -why did die oome— to yon P Did she gpoakp' Yea,' with crimsoned oheeka. 'She ? she told me X should meet you — -described you i accurately.' *' How strongs ! And oh, Celia, was that allf ** ' No, she told me to be kind to you.': '.My doling, she wished to atone.' He oatight my honds( and held them tightly within his own1. . 'And jou have helped her by your kindness. But, oh ! Celia, dan you love me f . .You have heard my story, know how I* have aiifTered, how my happineaa waa wrecked— can you— will you trust yourself to jnef1 X raised *ny head and looking up ghyly into bis faoe. I whispered: ' Yes, for I love you, aad long to aee yon ? happy.' - \ 'My love,my wife, you ahall,' he cried; and driwing roe to his breast he sealed hb promise with afcias. V ~ Sciantista iij that the orange waa forptvr'y a berry, and that it haa been developing tut over 7,000 yeare. . 