MURIEL'S ATONEMENT, ICOMPZETB IN THIS ISBTTB.] BY ;. ' '. CLARA MULHOLLAND, Aulhorof' A Striking OontraBt,''Eathlccn . Mavournoon;' &o.; &o.; ' [porrnxonr.] ? '??&?? ..'.(.' .. . 'HAD been fooling -#'.oL yiS^vS ? fit from woH for oomo \4BSa&ti;£tW&X; t'ro?' Aaharpftttjwk' tylWjjfflj%/8!!~3 of influenwi, followed ivS ? &/ff\ ir'jvl bj «.' still sharper ' Wtj^l/^. tonbh of pneumonia, ? | - |j* M^Y©\'had weakened and i la H'ip M\ d epra« sed. m o. #» - Ml A/ Change . of nir and MS » %3i »oe'le- with plenty, of ; . w ^**Ttoirj' variety and amuBe ' ; A''? i ? rnent, woa absolutely : w ]]'/% necessary for mo, the ' srJ'/ » ' dop^OT ? doolarbd. If \- I L$X§? J did not B6* tWa fcfiiiiPsK9$S^£r ''? soon he feared the smiled sadly, and looked at my mother. '?Wearonotrioh, doctor. My father could cot afford to take us all away,' and to goany where alone would be too dreary;'* ' Host certainly, and not to bo thought of for a moment.' . .-.. . : . ' Then I most stay ftt home, toko my tonlo, and hope for tfie best.' . ,, And I heaved a deep sign, little dreaming of the delightful invitation that, was area then on its way to mo. ' .'..'?.' My mothers only sister, had married a wealthy man without business or profession. They had so ohildre'n,' and as they were tooth fond of travel and exoitement, had no settled home. They wandered here, there, ' and everywhere. And often for a year or more, we had no idea whether they were in Europe, India, or America. . ? : Eight months had now elapsed, since my aunt had last written, and it was thereforo with extreme pleasure that I (the very' day .after the debtor's visit) received a letter from' her, onnounoing her arrival in London. Sho and Unole Tom were tired of roaming- about, she said, and had made np their minan to stay in England for the next two or three years at least,- and hod rented a furnished hout*e in Yorkshire, where they intended to reside »s much as possible. 'We ore anxious, for. once, to spend a happy Englinh Christmas,' she wrote, 'and have invited a number of friends to oomojo us both before, for, and after that time. We are to have oonBtant relays of visitors nil through the winter. Our first arrive on December 8, so you mu«t meet us. on' the seventh, and travel with us np to Cloeve Ball. I will expect you - to stay all the time, as I must have someone young and pretty to help me to entertain my guests and make things Sloasant. So be sure you come without fail, eareat Colia. Tell your parents, with my love, that they must do without you for one Christmas. ? ? B'Your loving . ?%* . ' Axnrt Caiiby.' ' P.S.-— Bo suro you bring plenty of muirt frouks, as we shall bo more than gay. I onclose ohrqne to covor all expenses.' This was delightful. The very thing j wanted, and moat joyfully 1 sot to work to prepare for my visit. ? Thin, thnnks to my aunt's gonerosity, I was able to do in a tuagnificout manner, and on the day mentioned by her, I left tho 'rectory with a trouiweau the like of whioh I had never dreamed it- posifiblo to jioBscsB, and with, which I was perfectly onulmnted. ? ' The Journey into Yorkshire . was accom plished with. ease und comfort ; and my aunt,, uncle, and I arrived at Cloeve Hall in excellent timo that afternoon. ?:' Wo looked out eagerly as we approabhed our now nbodo, und h» we drove through the old wrought iron gutcs, up u long avenue, we were tilled iritli admiration. Clceve Hall utood in the midRt of a line park, and wuh Hurrounded upon all sides by noble oaks, tall limes, and stately waving firs. It was an irregularly built, but pioturosquo, m'nnsion of red brick, with large bay windows, and wide balconies. Tho ... lawns wore woll laid out and , planted with.suoh a variety of beautiful evergreens that even in the dunk of a December afternoon the place did not look as desolate and dreary as one would have expected. Inaido, .the house was luxurious, and was furnished throughout with such excellent taste that my aunt and unole were delighted. :.-??... ' . . . . \ . ,-?-. ? .'. That evening we dined alone,' und as I was weary and tirod after my journey and unusual excitement I .bade ' Good night ' early nnd retired to bed. My room was a curious one, and my feelings upon ontering it wore not altogether agreeable. The bed, which stood in an alcove, was draped with blue silk ourtains ; the walls were hung with tapestry 'of quaint design ; a large bow window, very high from the ground, with a perfect staircase of stops leading ? up to it, occupied all one end ; whilst a handsome wardrobe of inlaid satin wood filled up the other. Several oandlen burned brijrhtlv upon the dressing-table, but their light was not sufficient to illuminate the distant corner*, and I grew somewhat nervous as I peered into their unfathomable depths. ' Grandeur rs not always pleasant, ' I said with u shiver. ' I waa more comfort able and happy in my own little poorly furnished room at homo than in thia fine chamber.' ,'??:? Then, laughing at myself for being eo silly, I hurriedly made my : preparations for the night, blew out the candles, and crept into bed. ?'?..:. For some time I lay watching, the firelight upon the walls and coiling, and then a drowsy numbness stole ovor mo, and I fell asleep. But nil at onco.a noiso like the tapping or fluttering of a bird againBt the' windown startled me, and I eat up agitnted and op pressed. Tho room was now in complete darkness. ' The fire had died down in tho. grate ; the window ourtains were olosely drawn. ? ? : . Then Buddonly, out of the gloom,' Bur rounded by- a hnlo of brilliant light, tho figure of a young girl, olad in a simple white dress, a blue ribbon round her waist, came gliding softly across the floor, and stood at the foot of my bed, gazing at .mo with Bad, sweet appealing eyes. -' '.„?''.,.. ... : J tried to speak to her, but my tongue, clove to the roof of mv mouth, and- no sound came forth, aa I marvelled wboslic oould bo, nnd how she had entered, the room. Tho door was shut,' the window fast bolted. But ns I woaderedj her lips parted, and in a low but distinot voioe she whispered, - : 'To-morrow you, will meet one. who ha* Buffered much. You will know bun by his jalo, proud face, and melancholy oyos. I destroyed his huppinesa — you must restoro it. Bo kind— ho kind.' v ' I gazed at her, trembling, and tried to epeak ; but ere I could reply her form faded, becamo shadowy, indistinct, then vanished, leaving the room in darkness as before. - I felt sick and faint. A oold perspiration stood upon my brow, and I lay with dilated eyes storing into the gloomy corners/afraid to move, afraid almost to breathe — wbndoring who this strango vjsitant could be, and how she had managed to enter my room. Then grad dally my terror subsided. It was ono of the servants playing a trick, or walking- in her sleep, I told myself. She tnuBt havo entered by tbe door whilst I, slept. To-morrow I would complain to the house keeper — and better still look the door— and then I need have no fear. Agitated and excited I tossed from eido to riuo upon my pillow, the Btrangd words I had just heard ringing in my ears. 'It. is absurd — I will think of them no longer,' I oried. 'And I shall take, good euro never to hear them again, A girl in tho habit of sleep-walking should be watched, and not allowod to wander at will through a houso ut night. I wished I ddrod got up and follow her. But,' shivering, 'Idaronot. J ? ' And then, at last, utterly worn out, I fell asleep onco more. When I next awoke,, the morning Bun was fniniug -brightly, in at- the window. ? Tho curtaixa bad bean drawn asido'j idt bath filled; ray walking dross laid ready upon a chair. My aunt's maid had evidently boon in, bnt had gone away without din turbine, mo. Surjirirted, that I should have slept so soundly and bo long, I sprang up and, dressing hurriedly, ran down to th» dining room, where I fonnd my aunt and undo be ginning breakfast. Annt Carry and I xpenta pleasant morning wandering over ? the old hnus», and many and curious were tho things it contninrd. 'This, now, isaoharmingroom,' cried jny nunt, loading ihe way into, a small inner drawing- room. ' This I -shall keep as my own partioulor sanotum.' ' It was a delightful Htue boudoir, panelled in whito wood, a wide' oriel window, and n finely -carved chimney piece covered with oxquisito old * china. OVer ' the fircpluoe, framed into the wall, was a very beauufull} painted portrait, and I started and trembled as I met the Bad oweet ores of the girl who bad appealed to strangely at tho foot of my bed the night before.' ? ^ 'Why, ohild,' said Aunt Carry, 'one would think you hod seen a ghost. That pretty portrait Bootni to alarm and faroinato you. .ion look quite polo.' ? * 'Whoisshef' I gasped. 'Does she live bereP' 'Certainly not, and who she is I cannot tell you. ^ Some daughter of the house. But we took the plwe through' an agent and know nothing of the family. She looks charming-, ?I think.' ~ . 'Yftd — very.' ' And this embroidery, Cella — isn't it ex quisite f And this piece of Sevres f Oh! I must fetch Tern to look at this.' And «? my. sunt went away to find her husband, I sank upon a chair, ray eyes riveted upon the pic ture. Then bearing ray otmt aid unole- re- turning I escaped tlpsttura. ? On the rltst landing 1 met Aunt Carry 'n maid. . 'I have taken your things into a smaller and pleasanter room, Hies Celia,*' she said. 'Your aunt thought the one you ilept in last night too big and gloomy.' 'Oh, thank you,' I cried. And with a sigh of relief I folloned her into a charming daintily furnished little room, looking out upon the flower garden. 'I shall say nothing of what I saw or dreamt lost night,' I decided, looking round me with pleasure. ' I shall be happy hero and sleep peacefully. Thoy' might laugh and jeer — perhaps tell the guests as they arrive — and that I could not ttana. i snail torgec mo wnoie cning as nm as I can.' At tea time that afternoon a merry party gathered together in the old oak panelled hall, and I was duly prcicnted to the newly arrived visitors. When I had recovered from my first shy nees, I looked eagerly, anxionsly round the room. The company included persons of various ages. There were elderly matron* ,-and their husband*, young girls, and soveral 'Tinmarried men. But not one corresponded with the description given to mo by my ghoBtly visitant. There were dark men and fair — many ' jovial ! light-hearted fel lowe— and one or two with an air of blase discontent. But nowhere'did I see the 'pale proud face with molanoholy eyes.' Ujpon convincing myself of this, I heaved a eigh of relief, and.iaugbing at my folly in thinking seriously of what must htt^o been a dream, I joined in the lively chatter that was going on around me. ? That evening I put on. a nrotty white Bilk, with a bunch of scarlet barrios at my breast, and ran down to the drawing-room before dinner, feeling well phased with mysolf. I was looking quite my best, and reflected with a satisfied smile that at all events my aunt would have no reason to be nshomed of her niece. 1 ' My dear Celia, you really look oharm ing,' wan Aunt Carry's gfeotfngasl entered. 'Mf. Goring must take you in to dinner, and see that you are extrelnely nico to him.' . 'Mr. Goring, auntie P Who Is heP' 1 cried in nstonishtnont. No ono of that name -had, os.far us I knew, arrived that afternoon, ? and. J could not think whom she meant. But ut tbis.moraent my aunt hod to attend to her duties us ho.stesB, and dropping thto the back ground, I stood watohing our guests as they came pouring in, one after tho other. But no ono appeared whom I hod not seen at tea time, and I decided that antitie hod made a mistake in the name, and meant one of the gentlemen whom I had already mot. Quito satisfied with this explanation of hor words, I was talking to s lively young Anierisan lately arrived from Now York, when I heurd my uncle say : . ' We are all assomblcdj Carry. I trust they will not keep us waiting for dinner,' 'No, no; it lo not timo, dear. And Mr. Goring has not come down y-st ; he arrived lato.' - - . . Another guest I My hands trembled, and I lot my fan dip from my fingers; Mr. Barnes stooped to pick it up, and I looked qniokly towards the door, which at that instant opened to admit-u tall, otiaro, «nd extremely refined-looking man. He hurried acrou to my aiint, with outstretched hand. 'I am so sorry, and apologise profusely,' he' said in a clear, sweet voice. 'Butiny train wai late, and I did not arrive : till after the dressing.- boll had rung. I trust you have not waited for mo P' ' Not at all. You ore in excellent time, Mr. lioring,'' said my aunt, smiling upon him, and from her manner T-uw at once that (his man waa a favourite. ' Colia, my dour, may I introduce you to 'Mr. Goring?' she continued, drawing ma. forward. ' Mr. Goring— my riieoo, Miss Lindo.' ? He bowed, and as I looked up and pnt my hand in his, my heart, utood still, and J. trembled and grew cold as death. In tho pale, proud face and handsome, melancholy eyes of Mr. Goruld Goring I felt sure' I taw the man whom tho apparition predicted I should meet, and to wiiOimito had bcgeod.Rio to be kind. ' During dinner Mr. Goring did not provo » lively companion, and it waa with a feeling of intense relief that I rose up and followed the other ladies from tho room. ? That night I slept littto. I Was exdited and illateaso. Whon I put out the lights and got into bed I lay opon-oyed arrd breathless, hopinjr, fearing, dreading that the apparition would again show itself at the foot of my bed. But it oame not. . . '. v . - ' : 'Porhapa tho room makes n dificrenco,' I said at lost. 'I hope no.' And iTfell asleep. Next day I scarcely saw Mr. Gorjng, as oe started oariy for tho moon, and it was too dull and damWor the ladies to join the islioot ing. party atlOnchoon. In tho ovoning ho did not tit near ma at dinnor, and «a I watched him 6urroptitiou«ly from the far end of the table, I noticed that bo spoke but seldom, and wua absorbed and prcoooupied. : 'Tho miiu hoa a sail story,' I roflected. ' I wonder what it it? Sho-iuiiiiiibe tod do atroyed his httppinees, nn3 that I— — ' ' ''Xou oro looitlng at . Goring, I ' seo, ' re marked my. neighbour, Mr. I^nies. 'Isn't he a melanoholy foUowf I wonder -what's tho matter P' . ? . 'i I started and blushed deeply. 7 was annoyed to be oanght watching one pf my aunt's guests, and the man's words irritated me. ' ? . ' , ? -/'..?? ' 'I guess he's not what one wonld call a lady's man,' he continued. 'He was quite lively on the moors, but the moment he approached the houra a cjood seemed to fall upon him.'. , . ' '_';... 'At the thoughts of facing the ladles P' 'Perhaps. At all event* in the houBe ho is silent, depressed; out of doorn ho is. quite good company. Have you' known him longP' 'Only since last night. My ?. undo and aunt made his acquaintance at Monto Carlo two years ago. They ? say ho was quite different limVe.' . 'Then it must bo the air of this old house that disagrees with him. Perhaps he baa seen a ghost,' ...??. 'A ghost 1' I Bank back with a littlo ory, as beforo me seemed to rise tbo shadowy phantom in the whito, clinging dress; and the sad wail of her voice rang once more in my ears. j 'I destroyed his happjness. You mutt r.) storo it. Be kind— bo kind.' /?Youaroill, Miss-lJindo. Tako a littli wine. The room is too hot,' oriod Mr. Bamcs, in much distress. '.' No, no ; please don't notice jne, c attract my aunt's attention. It is ruthcr hot, bnt it is not that. I ? .' \- ' I had no idea you were so nervous. It I was foolish of me to talk about ghosts, and, I of couree, ili'e all nousenso.' ? ' 'Oh, of course,' I cried, recovering my self-possession. ' It was not — but see, my aunt is going,' and I sprang gladly to my foot. Tlio next day wan ono of brilliant sunshine and hard frost ; so were the three succeeding days, nnd t.hen tho ico being deolared strong nnnngh to bear, tho younger lnombora of tho party wt' off togethor to enjoy a fow hours' skating upon a lake, in a beautiful demesno wme miles away.' t- As I seated mysolf to put on --uy ukates, Mr, Goring suddenly appeared at my side. 'Allow me, M)bs rjndo,' ho said, smiling. Surprised beyond measure, I gavo him my ikates, and I could scarcely believe my eyes when lie went down upon one knee boforenio, and deftly fastened the straps. And when he stood up again and asked me to take a turn with him rouud the lake, I waB still more astonished, and very thankful that, having »pent two winters in St. Moritz, I was by no means a poor performer. Mr. Goring was an excellent skatcri and in we skimmed lightly over the ice, he unbent as hn hud never dono before. He was a delight ful companion, and as I glanced at the cleun i',ut, handsome features, the pale, olear akin, the short aristocratic lip, and animated in telligent face, I marvelled more and more at the gloom and depression from which ho usually suffered. After this, the days flow by in quiok suc cession. The fine frosty weather continued, and we spent most of our timo on the ice. Visitors came and went at Cleeve Hall, but Gerald Goring still lingered on amongst us. Ho talked frequently of going, bnt wan always persuaded to prolong his visit by my aunt and unole, who appeared to have con ceived a strong affection for him. And I P When he was near I was blissfully happy ; when he wandered from my Bide and talked or walked with anyone eiie, I felt envious and dissatisfied. When ho spoke of leaving us ray soul was filled with anguish. . His smile was more to mo than anything in the world, its very'1 rareness making it tho more valuable. So the days wore on, and on Christmas Eve some of my friends and I went off together to decorate tho village church. 'Muny hands make light work,' and in a short time our wreaths were bung, our plants and flowers arranged to our satisfaction, and we wandered out of the ohureh amongst the old moss-grown graves. Presently I drotmed behind, and. careless of where I sat, sank down upon the gross beside a. pretty white marble monument, and almost unconsciously I read the short inscrip tion : Baorcd to tho Memory of Muriel, «g^ Aged Nineteen. \- 'Poor thing; how young 1' I sighed. ?' But perhaps, after all, she was saved from a world of pain.' A hand was laid upon my shoulder, and, looking up, I saw Gerald Goring, whito and agitated, standing before mo. ' Come away,' he cried. ' Oh, coma away!' ? I rose ut once and followed him out of tho churchyard, and in silence wo strolled away across the lonely moorland. 'iliss Lindo,' he said after a time, 'how was it you came to sit near that grave?' ' I cannot toll ; ohanco, I nuppoBo. I felt tired, and sat down without looking whore.' 'A dangerous thing, a most dangerouB thing to sit out of doors at this time of year. But do you — have you over heard that girl's history ?' '? No ; I never saw or heard her name till now.' 'Ton years ago,' ho said, with emotion, 'she and I were engaged to be married.' I started round, and looked with oyes full of pity into his pale, handBomo face, but I made no remark. ' I loved Muriel passionately, devotedly,' lie continued. 'She was very lovely, a dainty little thing, with oyes of the purest nine, and hair like Bpun gold, growing all over her pretty head in a myriad of tiny ourla. But she whs self-willed, and could not bear to tworOBsed in tho smallest thing. Hor parents were wealthy, and had all her life humoured her sinalU'Ot whim. Eight raontnu of the year thoy lived at beautiful Cleeve Hall ; tho remaining time ? ' ' In Cleeve Hall P Oh, Mr. Goring, waa *ho one of the Leighs P' . ? Ho bowed his head. ? ' Mr. Leigh's only child. Sho was killed l-y a fall from her horso before my very eyes.' ' How terrible !' 'Torrible, indeed! And all the more so whou one remembers that hor death waa caused by her own folly and porvorsoness. In * fit of childish bravado she one day insisted upon jumping- a fence, which I assured her was dangerously wired upon the far side. ' ' I can easily dear it, and I will' jump it, ' she oried,' and away she went. ' Oh, God !' he murmured, ' how plainly I see it all— the lovely pouting lips, the defiant poso of the goldon head as she flew past me on her spirited little mare ; then tho uwful crash— tho sad hours beside her as she lay cold and dead upon tho ground, whilst the groom-Went in soarch of a carriage in which to convey hor book to tho hall —the lunt days — the funeral — and my heart-broken departure from the old house — from which I went vowing never to return.' ' And yrt you came,' I whispered through my tears. 'How you must have suffered I' 'SufferedP' he.Baid, turning suddenly and looking straight into my oyos. 'Yes, at firot.' He paused' abruptly, and, stooping, gathered a piece of heather and placed it in his buttonhole. . 'I met your unolo and nunt abroad, as I dare say they have told you, Miss Lindo, and we became fast friends. They knew nothing ef my story, so whenthey took tho hall, they at once invited me to como to them: My first inclination was to refuse. I hesitated. Some thing drew ms to the old place, and I came. In tho house I was depressed, miserable Tho thought of Muriol haunted mo. I saw her at every turn, and I resolved to go. But go I could not. Something compelled mo to stay. As tho days wont on I grow more poaoeful. In the open air — with yon, talking to -you My heart beat tumultuously, and I dared not raise my eyes. . ; ?? I gradually became happier. A weight . seemed lifted from my heart. When you were near I forgot past troubles. I felt nblo to smile— to laugh. I neomed to grow young again. Old memories faded; Things that uaod to pain mo did so no more. In the boudoir bungs . Muriel's portrait, and I havo looked at.it without a pang. I ? '.'? 'Muriel! Oh, - then, it was she,' I ariod, 'who oame ' to me- und told mo!' I recognised her at onco whon I saw the por trait.' . And I stammered out a full descrip tion of tho apparition that hud visited rad upon tho night of my 'arrival at Glceve Hall. ' xiow marvellous f no -murmurea, wita . changing ooloiir'und in ; an dwe- Btruok voice. 11 Did you see her more than onoe P.' ' . 'No, only once. And.I was nervous, over- wrought. The Bluo Chamber is big and gloomy.' 'The room in which they laid her,' ho covered his face with hishanas, 'at tho last.' 'It may havo been a dream — a — a fancy— — ' '?No,' be answered, solemnly. 'Yousaw sweet Muriol — of that I am convinced. But why did she oome-^to you ? Did sho BpeakP' . ? \ 'Yes,' with orimsoned cheeks. 'She— aho told me I Should meet you— described you accurutoly.',' ' : \- ' How strange ! And ob, Cello, was- that allP': ' No, sho told roe to be kind to you.' ',My darling, she wished to ufono.' Ho caught my hands and hold them tightly within hia own. 'And you have helped her by your kindness. But, oh ! Celia, can you lovo mo P You have heard my story, know how I- have Buffered, how my happiness was wreoked— can you— will you trust yourself to irieP' I raised my head and looking up shyly into his faoo, I whispered : ' Yen, for I love you, and long to see you happy.' '? Sly love, my wife, you shall,' ho oried ; and drawing mo to his breast ho scaled hia pioiniao with a kiss. tf *tf»S!3f. Scientists fay that the orange wan fom'''/ ,( a borry, and that it hat) been dovoloping lo* '? over 7,000 yeurs. ? „„,,-,? 