What shall we do Boyfc? •with our This perennial and ever-present question, is again receiving some attention, for which we all ought to be devoutly thankful. It shows that there is a current of discontent with present conditions ; it shows that there exists the idea amongst the people chat the present condition is not the best, but a very long way from it; it shows that there is a desire to reach out and pluck some of the better fruit that is known to exist, but whiclij, under our present slip-shod and inequitable, and ineffective system, is wholly beyond our reach, nay, almost absolutely denied to us. T - It is always a healthy sign when people .write to the press, not about some paltry personal matter, but on questions of universal and national concern. This is such a question, concerning not only those parents who have boys, but all parents, because the settlement of the question, the solution of the problem, involves the happiness and welfare of " our girls" as well as our boys, and, therefore, the welfare of tbe whole community, . We find in the letters to the press, many ideas set forth to grapple with the question, some of them admirable, and some the reverse, but all of them, more or less surface scratchings, the deeper leads, the richer depths, not being explored at all. Some think that too much education is imparted, having a tendency to make the recipients dodge professions where hard work is a prime necessity. Well, work is the absolute necessity of the race, and who ever heard of a truly great, not wealthy man, who became such, except by hard Work, and intense application ? True there are plenty, more's the pityj who have enough and to spare of this world's goods, without the necessity of working for them, but it will be found on analysis that all they enjoy without working for involves an injustice to others, There are only two way6 in which wealth can be acquired, without work ; that is, by receiving it as a -gift, or stealing it. Not many receive it as a gift, and, even if they do, the probability is that the giver acquired it through some form of injustice of which we have spoken. Only a few are able to steal wealth, in the ordinary acceptation of the term. Therefore the bulk of the people must work to produce the wealth or living which they must have. Now it. is just at this point that our philosophy fails, or our system breaks down, involving this evergreen question. " What shall we do with our boys i" The schools-and colleges fit them out with learning on almost all subjects -except the prime one of getting a living, i.e., producing wealth. It is just here that the weak spot in our otherwise admirable school system appears. When the time comes for leaving school and taking up their life's work in real earnest—going to school in the larger sense—the real difficulty presents itself. What is Tom going to do now he is leaving school ? His studies have been in accordance with the usual routine of the .schools, but as to equipping him for any particular occupation, or diswvering the particular trend of his mind, or his inclination,, the present school system is a failure. To remedy this must be our work in the immediate future. We all recoguise how much we individually gain or lose through the effect of legislation-r-a good law helping us, while a bad one hinders us. It is, then, atiefflutely necessary that we should understand something of the nature of what is called political economy, or the science of Government. How much of this does the average man know ? Is not this largely due to the neglect shown in our schools of this most important subject ? The bulk of the knowledge acquired on this question is acquired after leaving scliooi, and as even the A. B.C. of Political Economy is not imparted there the boy has no basis by which to test the different theories he hears promulgated by liis fellow workers. On almost any-other subject, he, having learned the rudiments, basic facts, is able to test what he hears by the standard which he has learned at school. But on this question of prime importance, tbe science of political economy, he has no standard by which to judge, for the simple reason that no information is imparted, no opportunity given for the acquisition of knowledge on the question of man's true relation to the earth. This acts and reacts. The widespread ignorance ; "of the :science.. of political econojny. i.e., the ascertained facts necessary to ^Ood government, makes unjust, because unnatural laws, possible. The . necessary consequence of this is that a few get rich, and the bulk have to grind out their lives at iricessaqt tofl for a Jjare- subsistence. This reacts in this way, the bpys must leave school.at ; the earliest^- possible moment, to assist in maintaining themselves and the rest-of the family. They: fake t-he firgt job fbati offers, he probability is it is an uncongenial mployment, but they must stick to it or the sake of the wages they get. And so they go on till man's estate is reached. The years when they ought to have been learning something which would have enabled them to earn a good living, have passed. It is now too late to start afresh, and so the man goes through life, working listlessly and somewhat negligently at the-uncongenial employment, which a thoroughly bad social system has forced him into. All thfs could so easily be remedied, and that in the very easiest way. It is always a more difficult thing for mature man to learn a new idea, because he has so much to unlearn. With the schoolboy there is no such difficulty. He goes to the task with no pre-conceived notions, and is therefore absolutely free to imbibe right ideas straight away. What we therefore urge in the introduction into the schools of lessons on the first principles of Political Economy ; the true relation of man to the earth ; the operations of natural-law; the absolute necessity of our laws conforming to natural law ; the abolition of all restrictions, the inauguration of absolute freedom, and the equality of "rights for all. Nothing can be lost by such an addition to the school curriculum, on the contrary, much, very much can be gained, inasmuch as it is the essential basis on which any government, to be a just form of government, must be based. Let us .see to it then, that our schools be equipped with that which is necessary to impart true knowledge on this, the most important of all sciences, the science of Political Economy then shall be settled, and settled right, the now perplexing problem,. " What shall we do with our boys ?" " Our noble Queen" -"Goi Bless Her"— was 81 yestorday. reign." "Long may she HILD OVEB.—THE concluding chapter of " The Ghost of Brigalow Bend," which will be published in oar Ssext issue. Following that will commence the completion of the " Reminiscences of a South Australian Squatter," by Robt. Bruce. PICNICS.—O.n^Mojid ay: nexfj 28th iast., the children o£ 4lie^Wcsl Bidfl Ghoroh 6f England Sunday School, -and the * Presbyterian Sunday School of Port Augusta will oelobrate their annual Picnics—see advertisements. REPORTED ROBBERY.—We regret to hear that recently Mr Robert Thompson— ex-Mayor of Quorn and. general storekeeper there—had the misfortuno to suffer very seriously by robbery. The premises were entered and the safo relieved of 8 considerable sum of money, &c.; A VISIT FROM THE ;GOVEKNOR.—His Excellency the Governor intends to pay' a semi-official visit to Port Augusta on Thursday next, 31st inst, and is expected to arrive per H.RI.S. Protector at about 10 o'clock in the forenoon^ There will be no fixed demonstration, but the Mayor and members of the Town Council will meet His Excellency at the wharf and presenta short address. The Governor will be accompanied by- his* private secretary, Gaptain Wellington, rand will probably pay a " flying visit" to the " largest ostrich farm in the world"—about 8 mileB north of Poit Angusta. THE BRITISH EMPIRE.—The "Nations of the Earth/' in the year 1900, should he thankful that Grc-at Britain—though the strongest.-nation jund.er- the* sun at^the^ present fime—is yot the mo^t "honest'and fair dealing- She gives freedom and fairplay to all other nations and never interferes in their commerce or progress unless asked to step in and lend a helping hand, which she is ready to do. Let the nations ask themselves—" How might it be ?" if any other nation was now or ever became, the paracnonnt power on the face of this little globe of ours? Would there be peace ? " How long, oh God, how long?' 