WOOMANIIOOD SUFFRAGE. It eaunot'bc said that Sir 'William Lync made out a very good cause for the granting of woomanhood suffrage; in his speech on Friday. There are ? certain arguments which may be accepted as irresistible why 'women should not be deprived of the . vote which is given to men. It was once argued that, the vote was a privilige to be awarded by a mysterious entity 'known as 'the state,' as a mutter of grace to the persons best fitted to have «a share in ruling power. That idea ?which led to a monopoly of ? the franchise by a few land holders has long since passed out of fashion, and every adult man is now given the voto as a ' right.' There is ? no reason of 'right' ?which should debar woman from the franchise. Hitherto, it has been kept from her as a matter of expediency, it being argued that she was not fitted to take part in polities_ The argument of expediency being dc« stroyed in regard to the franchise, and votes being given to the drunken Do main loafers of Sydney and other pur eons who are certainly not fitted to govern our destinies, there remains no KKASO.Y why women .should bo kept from the franchise, oven though (of course for reasons quite different to those' governing the case of the \- drunken loafer) she is not at all fitted to exercise her vote with benefit to the community. ? This anuch Sir William Lync might have pointed out and been on abso lutely safe ground. But he'did not. Instead, he urged that women de manded the franchise, a.-.d therefore should get it. That is most om phatically not the case. They have not demanded votes, and the great majority of them after the first novelty is over will never exercise them. The Premier was very unhappy, too, in hisdraggingiu Marie Corelli as a reason why women should v.Ae. Thero is, perhaps, no more utterly mischievous woman in the world, than the vulgar and blasphemous authoress whoso tawdry shrinking circulates so well among the toiler* at the kitchen .sinks of: tho community. But anyhow the whole business was farcical. The Premier is going in for this precious make believe to oblige some of his pertinacious lady friends. He has not the ghost of an idea of pushing ou wilh the bill during tho hist, feeble days of a dying session. To do so would be even more reprehensible than this, play-fivlinK at the rwpenso of Parliamentary diguitv. For Children'* .Hacking Couch at ni^ht Woo.-1'r Urodt Vuppynniut Cure, la fvJ* 