WAYH ..OF - LIVING-. A 'NEWSPAPER FEAUDS, UNLIMITED' 'The fraudulent . advertisement is a hardy perennial, as difficult to kill as a healthy ghost or a false tradition,' re marked a magistrate's, clerk to the writer not long since. There is no rooting it out, and whilst the vigilance of the police and of newspaper men is cutting it down in one direction, it is beginning to flourish in another.' He spoke pessimistically— as perhaps, : considering the dreary nature of his duties, was natural enough ! but few will dispute the justice of his next observa tion. ' The only, practicable way of checking the evil, apart from prosecutions,' he said, ' is ' by repeated exposure in the press, thus enabling at least the newspaper- reaiding 'portion of the public to judge for themselves what; paragraphs are probably or possibly swindles.' . . .' After complimenting the . ' Saturday Journal' on "certain exposures of this kind- which have from time to time, ap- p.eared"in'- its columns, the official pro- ce8dedrto detail such" instances of adver tising fraiids as had come under his notice. From among these I select a few of the most ingenious and and -impudent, for in- "' elusion here, before passing on to relate, the. history of a gigantic conspiracy of the same nature. MAEYELS OF VALUE! Must he cleared ! SE WING-MACHINES: for sale at - a RIDICULOUS FIGUEE ! No toy or Brummagem goods, but a real; well-made Sewing Machine, guaranteed to stitch smoothly and well. Price -only 2s. 6d., by post 3s. -All machines returned as defective will be promptly exchanged . free of charge. This offer, emanating from a largo hard ware centre in the lb Elands, met. with a liberal response. Those whom it induced to part with their money realised that the 'ridiculous figure' was their own, when they received in exchange — an ordinary sewiag-needle.' No. less audacious was the following : — SMOKY CHIMNEYS ! Smoky Chimneys! Why. suffer in' health and temper .from" this intolerable nuisance when a remedy, can he cheaply obtained? We will forward our "patent TUBULAR SMOKE-GUIDE to any address on receipt of 3s. 6d. in stamps. Never fails to act. Warranted for two years. The 'smoke-guEe' which applicants ob tained proved "to be a Common briar pipe. Genuine and successful instances of swindles of this type might be murtiplied, but they all present pr actically the same gene .ai ieawres — a caveiully vague offer, and entire reliance on the gullibility of -the public. A more curious illustration of the latter characteristic was afforded by this as tounding offer in a country weekly news paper. Only the names have been altered : — WINSTANTON Town Hall. — On Saturday evening next, at 8 o'clock precisely, PROFESSOR MAECEST, the' renowned levitator and equilibrist, will give his world-famous performance, in the course' of which he will mount to the roof,, unaided, by. successive leaps in the air. This feat, unequalled among the acrobats of the universe, depends for its success upon the" Professor's "secret and exclusive discovery of a method of demagnetisation from the power of gravity. Admission, by -ticket only, 5s., 2s. 6d., Is. . A reduction for families "a ad parties. Tickets inay be ob tained haif-price if purchased before Friday next, from Professor Marcesi/14, Lyons Street. In its concluding sentence lay the real reason for the insertion. The Professor," having secured considerable natron n,u-n on haP-price terms, vanished from his lodg- rog3( whether by levitation "or other means) in tiie small hours of the Friday morning, with the money of the . too- confiding readers whom his preposterous advertise ment had deceived. Lest country readers should resent the seeming slight upon their intelligence implied by the above, let me interpose with a hoax no loss successfully per petrated on Londoners some twelve mouths "ago. One of the mushroom weeklies that soring up from time to time iu the Metropolis, .to giac-e a remote comer of the bookstalls for a few weeks and to en vanish, inserted a curious and fraudulent notice in a " conspicuous corner of each issue:- — 1S.L.A. Authors, journalists and j. others desirous of obtaining this diploma should apply to the Secretary, ere. The fact that 'this, diploma' is unknown to fame, did not prevent many persons — the present writer among them — from ask ing how it could be obtained. Here is the reply to applicants : — : ' Society of London Authors. ,'Dea.b Sis, — -la rep'y vo your enquiry, the Committee of this Society are prepared to grant their Literate dloioma ' to a limited number of persons who can f ur- n:sh satisrasto y n oofs cf their connection with the London Pi ess. 'If you desire the distinction, and will forward with your application a copy of any article, story,, poea?. etc., yon may have contributed to a magazine or other publication issued in London, I shaLl be g'ad to place your name ba"ore the Com mittee. If the contribution iv unsigned, a written statement of your authorship is essential. 'I netd hardly point out the advantages accruing to a member of the literary pro- t'e. Eon from his association with this Soc ety. ' Yours fait hfulty, ' W H— . 'P.S. — A Registration Fee of two guineas snou'i accompany your appiica- f ch. It wiu ba returned in the event of your provteg unsuccessful.' The car elers reference in the postscript is del gbllul; it is as though the question cf the fee had almost escaped Mr. W U "s atConl'ou altogether. Apart from the.obvLouslv intentional copying in the Society's title, of that well-known body rke So cie. y of Authors, the teror of the whole letter is nob exaot'y calculaved to inspire confidence. It is, iu fact, a clever appeal to the weakness of not a few persons for the luxury of a string of letters atver their names. Those—and they were many — who parted with their two guineas, did not receive even the worthless diploma their vanity coveted. For the Society of London Authors, its mrssiou — that of 'raising the wind' — being accomplished, quietly and unostentatiously subsided. Other instances must be omitted as the space is insufficient "or the doings of other concerns, 0 The Duke of Parma has a larger family than auy prince in Europe. By his first wife, a princess of Bourbon Sicily, he had nine children, ail of whom survive except the- eldest, the late Princess of Bulgaria. By his second wife, who was. a princess of Braganza, he has nine more children, his youngest being oy a year old. 