The Relief of Ladysiuith. A RESERVIST'S STORY. 14 Wb arc going to'relieve our comrades in Ladysmith-1There will bo' no turning bttck."-(Wrfc'Gonbral Bullor'aSpcech.) Well, here wc are buck in town, boys ; Just look at the crowd waiting there, I really think tlut is the missis Waving her gamp in the air. Hallo, Ted ! How arc you Bill ? Yea, I'm back again safe and sound. But many a fellow you knew, boys, Is deep in South African ground. What? tell you about all tho fighting That's rather too dry standing here ; Let's go over there to the public, X loog for a good drink of beer. That's belter ! And now for tho story Of how British boys *crved their Queen And fought against aholls and starvation (Tiie finest work ever was *cen.) I belong to the Uitle Battalion Formed from the first-class Kcserve, To rescue our Ladysmith comrades From hardships they didn't deserve. I'll paws over what ice went through, lads, Of the wet, dreary months on the veldt, .Swearingdeath to the Boers and Freoataterfl, For destroying whero Britons had dwelt. Majuba Day came, and they got it, The whole of the Force were let loose, And their strongest attempts to resist us Were never the least bit of use. The Naval Guns battered their trenches, The Infantry charged them witli zeal, _ And they lied from their posts, in a panic, As they haw tho bright shine of cold steel. But they hadn't all gone, for around us They'd left heaps of dying and dead ; We'd avenged Spionkop and Colcnso And the Lyddite had filled thein with dread. Thus we went on all that day, boys, Doing the same thing again, And though they triedseveral rallies, To stop us was labor in vain; Wo Reserves were on top of a kopje, Hark I a cheer-could our ears bo deceived? No! Auother great yell from tho front there, Hurrah! Ladysmilh was relieved} At lust we'd accomplished our inissiou, Their tortures wcro now at n close; No more would 44 Long Tom," from Bulwana, Wake thein up from their scanty repose. Next day in wo marched to the city A march 1 shall never forget The day that tot'd waited months for, (The day tho Trawtvaalcra regret). We wcro having a rest by tho roadside, And eating what little we had, When just round a bend of tho hill, there Came the Kitten, and \ca»iCl we glad. Said our Major, 41 SUud back I give them room, lads I" . (He might just as well spoke to a brick J) We wcrcdownon that roadway like shrapnel, And into the rauks in a tick. Did we cheer "? Why, a c/tcer was'nt in it. We yelled till our throats got quite sore, For there, feebly trying to answer, Were the follows we'd chummed with before. And then, when wc joined .the battalion, Tho heartrending stories began Of how they'd existed on horseflesh Aud a biscuit a day, every man. Oh ! mates, they woro all of them heroes, From the chief to the latest joined " kid," They had fought against len times their numbers, Quito as well as thoir forefathers did. It seems to me simply a ma« vol To «eo my chums looking like ghosts, And to know, through these troubles and hardships, They had gallantly stuck to thoir posts. Don't think, an I mentioned the Kiflcs, That they were tho'only onos thoro; There were l.iverpools, Loiccatcrs and Gor dons, t Kach one did his personal share. Lot f- reigoers laugh, if they want to, And say British pleek'a on tho wane, X know if tho boys thought it needful, They'd go through tho wholo lot again. Hullo! There's my dad. Well, good-bye mates, And remember, wherever you are, Join in with this toast-they dosorvo it " Good luck to tho old (*, U. J5I>\VAIWS, Hurler, The King's Royal Kino Corps. 