WAR NOTES FKOM ENG LAND. (From our Special Correspondent.) London, February 9, 1900. THE MEN WHO DIED. Genflemen, stand for a silent toast, To be drunk with dropping headj The men who died at a f« fling post, Who won thte least and who gave the most, To our 'brave, defeated dead. Ghosts of the slain call out to-night From their graves across the sea— 'Soldiers slain in a losing fight — A wild attack on a mountain height, Or a hopeless charge — are we. 'Soldiers crossing a ford in flood, Or led to a false attack; Dragging our guns through seas of mud. Dark ning the earth 'with our heart's best blood, As we fought our passage back. 'Soldiers marched through sun-burnt day, Matched through the cold, chiD. night, Walking asleep; in tihe morning grey ' In front of the trenches brought to bay, With an unseen foe to fight. 'Soldiers— pawns of' the gen'rals' game, Yet with lives to lose or live — Done to death on a field of shame; We/jave our lives for our country's name. We had nothing more to give. Gentlemen, drink with uplifted head, Proud, though the worst is faced; Gentlemen, here's to our honored dead. The men who fought and the men Who bled— Defeated, but not disgraced! DBEAET WAITING. Ten degrees below freezing point, an icy north-ea«t wind blowing briskly, and no de finite news from South Africa except a signi ficantly long' casualty list. Such is the agree able condition of things in London this morning, and I don't wonder the public in general, and the press in particular, are be ginning to display considerable irritation. That there is plenty of good journalistic 'copy' itching to get on -the wires all the world knows, tout the censors just now are inexorable, and even Mr. Bennett Bur leigli's trickv little 'try-ons' have failed miserably. At Durban and in Cape Town, &c;, the press ie said to kno'w less than we do in London. Mr. Garrett is on the spot again, but even he cannot get much ahead of 'his rival paper. Evidently all is being done fairly. THE TRANSVAAL WINTER. It is to be hoped that as, speaking gene rally, Australians and New Zealanders have only the vaguest idea of what a cold . day signifies fhey may not forget to sup ply their troops with suitable clothing wherewith to face the ' Transvaal winter. Life isn't all beer and skittles for our troops in South Africa at present, but if they have to face the altitudes and bitter dry 'cold of the Upper Veldt improperly clad serious mischief will certainly result. I heard a South Australian doctor say the other day that if consumptives were able to survive one winter in the Transvaal they generally recovered altogether. The method is of course the 'cold cure' in vogue in the Swiss Engadine, minus luxu ries or comforts, during the initial winter your lungs are getting hardened. I fear South Australian, Victorian, and New South Wales troops especially may feel the transition from the sun in daytime to bitter cold at night very trying. A CANAKD. The fact that General Buller sends Hub messages from the front direct to the Sec retary of State for War instead of through Lord Roberts has le'3 to a lot of. foolish gossip. ReBponsible'jpurnale.here speak .of Buller as being -on \ tihe 'point sof throw ing up hie command chid coming home, and -the ''man in the street' is full of alleged, remarks by the 'Nfever turn back'' general /upon . the iniquity of ihjs so-called Bupercey- ! ;sion toy Lord Roberts^ Of course there a no shadow- of foundirfcion for the suppofd 'taon that General Buller 'was aggrieved at '?tihe apppinfemfet of 'f'Bobs,'* or 13iat. lie, ever ?' contemplated 'chucking' : the game. in tte raiddJe «£$b. ' ' li |j*,*ne few* cwwteaetaon ?on femaan motivw Geunt Bnlier has ev«ry««a8 t» i-rte by ghrmg tp fe» proud Ewaitioa at the present fiaa*. Only one thiag could Jmtafy such a. course, ana that is the direct interfecenoe oi the* Some aatnoritie* with his pkm of earn* paign. Lord Rotete's appearance on tfev scene w-as not & «lur opon Buller, bat tint natural outcome of tne English army ara» tem. Had a general of equal rank wMt Buller been een1r*%ut then Sir Bedmnft ?' might properly have felt aggrieved, butt 'Bobe' is a Field Marshal, amd Buller i» merely in the position of a company ofliBsr, who finds himself in a subordinate poeitioa the moment this company joins the reafe o£ the battalion. He can have no grievance on ihe score, and €he notion that he ham felt kurt by the criticisms of the press ' at home on his conduct of the. campaign, ia Natal is a'bsurd. That General Buller com municates direct to- the War Office i* m fact which does not seem to 'have any par ticular significance, seeing that all mes sages from all the generals at the front pas* through Lord Roberta's hands before they, are transmitted to England. STEAM V. GXEIT— A TRIAL AT THE TUGSEiA. Most of ns would, if we could, forget that there was ever such an occurrence tx the first crossing of the Tugela by Buller*a force, but the correspondents, bilked m tike effort to cable full and true accounts of die happenings at the front, are taking their revenge on the censor by mail, and thw week the papers are full of Tugela talk. Mr. Bennett Burleigh supplies a very in teresting narrative of the passage of tbe river, a portion of wnich I prapose Jto quote, as it shows that the muck-maligned-* steam transports — the quidnuncs said they; would be left on jAe veldt as rusty iraa monuments of English folly — are on occa sion more effective and trustworthy than many spans of 'salted' oxen. Describing, the block at the drifts, Mr. Burleigh saysi: — 'It was a prolonged and desperate scramble to get the men and about 4DO waggons and nondescript vehicles down the steep, slippery bank throngh. the waist-deej* stream and up the sticky opposite slopes.' Three ox-waggons were run down into flie river and converted into bridge piers,' planks being laid, whereon part of tne in fantry were able to pass over dryshod, tart the planks and footing were insecure in. ?* places, and it came to be like walking the* greasy pole at Ramsgate aquatic sports, fer numbers «f Tommies went hurriedly into the water in the most diverse and eccentric manner, to the surprise of lots of people The much-laughed-at score of Aldershot traction engines did not stick or flouadeir in the mud, but lumbered about, doing duty with comparative ease and Consider able regularity. Their flanged grips upon: the wheels gave them a sure bite of the ground, which in one or two places they; churned up rather deeply. A by no means overladen waggon stuck in the middle of Blauwkran's Drift, close to Frere Station. Eighty oxen were tried, and were unable to move the waggon an inch. It seemed aa if the whole coiumn must wait until the vehicle was carted off. A traction engine was requisitioned to try its powers, the enormous span of cattle were taken away, and a steel hawser was passed from tie engine, and made fast. Then Bteam -waa turned on, and with snort and whirr the steamer walked away with the waggon, conveying it some distance to a high and dry part of the roadway.' THE DANGERS OF THE SLOUCHED HAE. Mr. Fred. Villiers, most vivid of all pourtrayers of battle scenes, gives a splen did description of Colonel Pilcher's suc cessful raid on New Year's Day, in whica' the colonial troops distinguished' them selves so greatly. It was nearly being thai last thing Villiers did, for but for his owii; tresence of mind, he would have been j&ofc; own by one of the Queensland scouts, wjho mistook him for a Boer, owing to a dilapidated slouch hat he was wearing. De scribing the occurrence, Mr, Villiers says:! —'I looked at him for a moment, and saw his rifle about coming to the 'ready/ when I threw up my hands. As he came up, covering me, he grimly smiled as he said, 'Why, I took you for a blooming Boer? The hat I wore was certainly suggesirFe, of the enemy, for it was a much-worn wide awake. So I stepped down behind tits bank, but three otaer keen Queenslandera had seen the action, and rode up at the gallopj, and were about to take me prisoner, when my old friend, Major De Rougemont, riding up with his interpreter to inter view the prisoners, discovered who I was, and I retired to t3ie farmhouse, resolving to commandeer another hat whenever tike op portunity served.' The City Imperial Volunteers have all gone out with £he wideawake hat, but it is to be hoped that Lord Roberts will provide them with hs&r; mets in lieu thereof. We cannot afford to take the risk of our men potting at eaefa other on the strength of misleading head gear. MET BEFORE. Tighfcing Mac.,' as Colonel Hector Macdonald is affectionately called, has na false modesty on the score of his 'begin- nings' in the army, and gave evidence of the fact at the Marlborough dub soon. after he eame home 'brave victor from the fray' at Omdurman. The Prince of Wales had expressed a desire to meet the ' Sirdar's right-hand man in the smashing of the Khalifa's army, and when the brave Highlander was presented remarked — 'It is a curious thing, Colonel Mac donald, that we should never have met before.' 'Pardon me, sir,' replied the Scot, 'may I say that we have?' 'In- deed, and when?' queried the Prince, who prides himself on never forgetting a face.. Colonel Macdonald half-stood to atten tion, and then astonished the group of gilded generals and equerries by remark ing with a smile, 'I was corporal of the guard the day your Royal Highness lan ded in Bombay.' A BELATED LADTSIOTH DIARY. A correspondent of the 'Daily Chio-i nicle,' w!ho has been shut up in Lady- ' smith, lias managed to get through the enemy's lines, after two attempts, part of 'his diary of the siege. Some of1, the. items are amusing. Writing on Novem ber 11 iie says:— 'It would' be a good thing if the army could be . maajhed - through Regent-street as the mea IwSe'., this morning. It would, teach 'ppbpd|M ., more about war than a hundred jiu$i(&gpj;*f . of plumed horsemen and ' the daaJguigS' - charge. The smudgy khaki urimirml1'' soaked through and through, stained black and green and dingy red, with wet - and earth and grass v»the draggled great coats, heavy with rain and thick with' mud; tne .heavy, topping boots* the, blackened, battered helmets; the black* - ened, battered faces below theih;, nn- . washed and unahaved since the siege ba gan; the eyes heavy and bloodshot, with* siin and rain and want of sleep; rthe pev culiar smell; 'There is not much brass band and glory 'about ub now.., ',.,. . * To- day Long Tom's eh ells were 'thrown pretty much at random about the town. One blew a mule's head off close to the bank, and disembowelled a second. Ons went into the Scotch House, and; dearel -Jhe ihop, a third pitched close A to, ,th* Anglican Church, and brf'nig'at the fcrcn : ; ? :. ' 1 . 'deacon out of burrow. But there was no I ireal loss, except that one of the xiaval ' Brigade got a splinter in the forehead. ?wiy little nouse had another dose cf shrap ' tniel, and on coming in I found a soldier digging up the bits in the garden but the i Scotch ohvner drove him away for 'in-: -jterfering-' with the mineral rights;''! On November 12 he writes:— 'The Boers; ? icDnduc't this siege with real consideration '. and gentlemanly feeling. They observe the Sabbath. They give up. quiet nights. After a violent bombardment they gene rally give us at least one day .to calm down.; Their hours for slaughter are 6 to 6, and' they seldom overstep them. They knock off for meals— unfashiona'bly early, it is; true, but.it would be petty to complain. JLike good employers, they seldom expose : Our lives to danger for more than eight; ttiours a day. They are a little capricious, i ?perhaps, in the use of the white flag.' At the beginning of the siege our Lady Anne killed or wounded some of Long Tom's gunners and damaged the gun. Whereupon ithe Boers hoisted the white flag over him itill the place was cleared and he was put Ito rights again. It was the sort of thing schoolboys might do. Captain Lambton .^complained that by the laws of war the gun was permanently out of action. But ?Long Tom goes on as 'before. I think the fcest storv of the siege comes from a Kaffir iwho walked in a few days ago. In the ?Boer camp behind Pepworth Hill he had . Been the men being taught bayonet exer : cise with our Lee-Metfords, captured at (Dundee. The Boer has no bayonet or steel : of his own. and for an assault on the ftown he will need it. Instruction was being given by a prisoner— a ser geant of the Royal Irish Fusi liers— with a rope round his neck!' ; fThe following day the correspondent 1 iwrote: — 'Yesterday the Boers, with fine : eimplicity, sent to our ambulance camp tfor some chlorodyne, because they had run short of it, and were troubled with idysentery like ourselves. Being at heart a kindly people, we gave them what they wanted, and a little brandy besides, ffhe British soldier thereupon invents the teatire that Joubert asked for some forage because his horses were hungry, and Sir George White replied, 'I would very glad Sy accede to your request, but have only [enough forage myself to last three years.' . . a,, Bo the day passed, and we did not lose a single man. Yet the enemy must have . enjoyed one incident. I was riding up /to spend an hour in the afternoon with Major Churcher at range post, when on an open space between me and their little camp I saw a squadron of the 18th 'Uussara circling and doubling about as though they were practising for the military tournament. Almost before I ihad tiine to think, bang came a huge shell from Puffing Billy just over my head, and pitched between me and them. Hap pily, it fell short, but it gave the Dutch gunners a wonderful display of our ca ivalry's excellence. Even before I ?°u'd come up men and horses had vanished into air.' The diary concludes thus:— 'Just after midnight, November 14, a .very unusual thing happened. Each ot Ithe Boer guns fired one shot. Appa rently they were trained before sunset, and hred at a given signal. The shells woke me up, whistling over the root. (Most of the townspeople rushed, I'ghtly clad, to their holes and coverts. The Jtroops stood to arms. But the rest of ithe night was quiet. Apparently the {Boers, contrary to their character, had only done it to annoy, because they knew it teased us.' . . A WHITE FLAG INCIDENT. The virtuous persons who continue to assert their belief that the allegations against the Boers of misusing the white flag are untrue, will be somewhat puzzled Ho get over the case of Mr. Knight, the able correspondent of the 'Morning Post,' who was -knocked out' by a sport ang Mauser bullet— a much larger missile than the ordinary Mauser military rifle bullet— at Belmont. Mr. Knight was land ed in England last Saturday minus his right arm, worn to a shadow with fever, and looking older by 20 years, than when (he said au revoir to his brothers of the toen in Fleet-street a few months ago. Mr. JKnight thus describes how he came by his itround:— 'Just at the close of the battle $ small party making a last stand, hoisted the white flag. We went forward, were Sired on, and I dropped. A private 'next to me, one of the privates of the party ^1 Jwas with, said grimly, 'All right, sir, I'll ?come back, and see to you in a few 1 minutes, when we've finished with these gentlemen.1 Then he went on with the xest, and five minutes later the last Boei bad been bayoneted. There was no quar ? Iter, I can tell you. Our men weren't ?' mleased at being fired at after the Boers bad hoisted the white flag. When Tommy ; came back, grinning all over his face with : satisfaction, his bayonet was dripping with : ithe blood of the Boer's he'd killed, and, ? gripping as it was, he promptly set to .work j jto dress my wound with its aid.' Mr. '-. {Knight takes his loss philosophically. After all, haying only one arm has its advan tage.?; it is economical. He had his right arm taken off, and Major Dalrymple lost bis left arm, so when iiiey found they wan rted gloves they bought one pair between them. \ IN HOSPITAL. 'A military nurse, apart from the pro Sessional interest in the casee brought to her care, is in a good position to acquire considerable insight into the real cha racter of that, at present, very popular (person, T. Atkins, Esq., of the British army. At Maritzburg tlhere are, alas! {hundreds of 'Tommies' to be studied. JThey are representative of every town and Jhamlet in Great Britain and Ireland, and (differ in speech and general characteristics as much as it is possible for children of a common stock to differ. Yet they are alike in one thing, their childlike faith in {Bribish superiority. The Boera may win battle after battle, but tne private soldier )doee not accept the reverses as an indica tion of the enemy's superiority. 'We'd ja gin 'em a fair doin; if they'd (the offi cers) 'ad let us gone on. We wuz might im top of 'em when we wuz ordered back— jan' that arter ben shot dahn loike ship fcs us wuz climbin' them 'ills.' if f'Blime, but it was a bit orfl Got rite tap to the beggars, and then 'cos the ' Hoomiu' artillery wasn't there we was told 1 {to go back— just as we'd got 'em by the f' 'We was told we'd got to take that 'ere I'fcopje. and we'd a done it. Lost half our Umen? Well, y'didn't expect to git there (easy, did yer? There was enough of us Sett to clear oufc the Boers if they'd been Kwioe as many, wunat we got at 'em with phe sticker. One bloomin' Boer be'nd a Spook u good as two of ub in -ihe open, but jltfb us git In among 'em, and blimey, one (jof ue is good for any ten of 'em.' V'(Wt understand it a bit. I know rfrfe can do them, but somehow we never leeem to gat a fair show. We got 'em pro perly at Willow Grange, and sen* 'em ' flying like rabbite.' v 'We'll git satisfaction some day. Nuree ? ; ftay/i I'm going on a treaty and will soon r be. ready for the front again, but qurigejrie rals will have to let us keep at it tDl we;db -set right in fcq them. Ifo no good gonig jor a position if you're going to be^eaten because 'half your men fjo down.. Course the Boers have it all their own way to be gin with; that's natural. They're out of sight, and pot you from behind nocks, but once we get up to them we get it our way, and can level up, killing scores, and a bit over. That's how 'I look at it.' Tommy's idea, as shown ' by these scraps taken at random from a nurse's note-book, is evidently, in spite of. the 'terrible' lessons of the war, to- go right ahead, losses notwithstand ing, until the bayonet- can pay back the rifle fire debt. What he wants is a definite object to be fought for 'and' at1 tained, no matter the cost. The one pre vailing idea; of the soldier in the hospital is to get patched up and returned to the field, lie makes an excellent patient, un complaining and*, trustful, doing what ne is told like an obedient child. The penal ties of warfare Me easily and goodriatured ly accepts as part of the day's work. Just a bit of chaff, arid that is all. 'When them doctors get to hitching off arms .and legs there's no holding 'em; tney're just a bit too handy like over these 'ere. jobs.' 'They want to be even with the Boers.' A TRAITOR'S DOOM. The Boer spies are ubiquitous, and it is much to be feared that in spite of all pre cautions the volunteer corps which have been sent out from home are not Tvholly free from suspicion. At Modder River they seem to catch on an average one Boer spy a day, and a rumor has reached Lon-_ don to tne effect that Lord Methuen has been obliged to disband Remington Scouts owing to the fact that there are so many traitors in that otherwise excellent corps. A private of the Grenadiers, writing from the Modder encampment, says in a letter to hand last mail:— 'We caught a spy the other day. We thought he was loyal to us, but we watched him one night, and saw a light in his house, and, what is more, we saw him use a telephone, which was found to communicate with the Boers about three miles away. We took him prisoner, and on searching found the wires in a wall. We traced the wire round a pigstye, but it broke as we were following it across the river, the wire being at the bottom. Our camp has been full of spies, but I think we have caught the chief of them at last. The same man was caught before signalling with a lamp, but he then said he was look ing for his cattle, and we gave him the benefit of the doubt. Now he has come to the end 9f his career, and I am sure I should not like to have his death.' ONE FOR HIS NOB. A private of the Royal Berkshires gives an interesting item of his experiences as a scout with Gatacre's column. He says;— 'We had a bit of a skirmish three days after Christmas driving the Boers out of Dordrecht, where we lost 11 men. I was out scouting right in the front, with a chap of the Cape Mounted Police, and I was nearly captured. We got round a bit of a kopje, and we tossed up to see who should investigate the centre. I lost, so I had to go through the middle, and he round the outside. I had advanced a hundred yards when I heard a faint rustle, and, getting off my horse, I crept cautiously forward, and then I saw a Boer on the same job as myself. 'Well, old man,' I thought, 'it's either you or me.' I crept back to my horse, and got a mallet that we use for driving in pegs for tethering our horses. If I had s'hot the Boer it might have warned some others; so I crept along till I got right behind the Dutchman. I made a spring, and landed him one on the top of the head. I had avenged some of my chums. Then I got back to the camp as fast as I could and reported.' THOSE TTCRRIBLE SHELLS. Major Albrecht, the commander of the Boer artillery, of whom more anon, has written to a friend in Germany a letter, in which he sets forth the actual lethal value of artillery generally, and pays some very poor compliments to our much-vaunted lyddite shells. At the battle of Colenso he says that 'out of 100 shells not 10 burst, and even these make more noise than they do damage. The day before yesterdaj about 25,000 English with over 50 guns stood against us 13,000 Boers I can well say that we did not lose more than 100 men, amongst them about three dozen killed. To about 1,000 Eng glish shells about 12 men were killed, and 30 or 40 wounded, for the rest was done by rifles. Our Boer artillery was by no means as successful as 1 had a,nti cipated before the war. I leave it open whether it disabled in .all 100 men. The. riflemen disabled in 10 minutes ten times more than our artiilery did sometimes in 10 hours. Artillery in defence does not seem to be destined to play a brilliant part, and as re gards attack, its use consists chiefly in in timidating the enemy, so that the attack ing body can advance under its protection. The real decision lies in close fighting.' Exactly, but 'Tommy' declares that the Boers will never indulge him with that eye to eye scrapping, for which lie has such a penchant. 