Short Story. Esoorting the Colonel's Wife. One flay a mall rider arrived at the -frontier tort with eui-li new<t that a (sergeant* and' slat mrn and an ambulance wore ordered out williin au liour to eecurt aud convt'.v tlie Colonel^ wife down to the railroad. Tlifci was a trip ol tony miles. For tJn- lirst ten wiles it waa over a level plulu. then the trail ran through the scrub, along the foothills, over live mik*> of desert, around the south base of tlie mountain, and straight down to the railroad. It was a hard, rough trail. It took the army wagons froui three to four Ua.\> to make the forty miles. We eould uuiko it iu two it' allowed to pursue our way in peaee. For a year there had beeu no .open aet of hostility uji the part of the iudiaut?, but we had known for weeks that ihey were making ready for an uutbreak. It was queer enough that Lhe Colonel should couie down to us in person as we atood lxvjide our saddled horrfus, knowing nothing of where we were to or Lhe objeet of the trip, but stranger yet that all " military etiquette" sbouM £<-» out of his voiee n,i deuieauour a* be said : " Men, I urn going to send uiy wife down to the railroad to go East Vou are to be her escort, it is a ease of life or death, or she would nut j:o. 1 am afraid or the Indian*, and yet I think you will got through all right. You are to make Lhe best time possible. If attacked " " We dhail beat them olt, sir," replied Sergeant Gregg after waiting Ualf-amiuute for the Colonel to finish. " I bope you eajj. -I can only tend the seven of you and a driver. Klght men ought to beat off a hundred Ipdlans. unless taken In ambush. Be watchful and prudent. Sergeant, you are an old Indian lighter. You will know bitft what to do. You will get away by 1 o'clock, travel as fast as you can aud ne late as you can. t?o as to tiuish the journey to-iuorruw. If you are attacked " The Colonel did not finish. lie looked at each man ami horse, inspected the ambulance and its pair of mules, aud with a half-nod to us TTc walked away. Ills wife must go. and, owing to details and sickness, no commissioned olliccr could be sent along. If ilie Indians were out an escort of twenty meji would not be too large. Only eight of us were to go. Ilnd he finished h'K sentence he would have said : " If attacked, and vmi are about 10 fall Into the hands of tlie red devils, do not let my wife be captured alive." We underet»»d what he meant, though •we said nothing to e:irh other. No matter what he or any one else fearinl, the little woman was almost merry as she took her seal in the ambulance fur tile start. She trusted us to the fnllest extent. and that feeling made every mall worth three. Our liorses were 1n line fettle, and the lirst ten miles were covered In a gallop. Then the way lieeanie so rough that we cotrld only proci-ed at a walk. We wouud through the scrubby cedars and piur_s to the crest of a low mountain, and then descended into Little Valley at just 5 o'clock. A dash across the valley to the base of ltluc Mountain would put tts in camp for the night. We had progressed famously well, and had irot yet sighted an Indian. Three different times we had to bridge chasms wtoch mountain torrents had cut out within a \vei>kf and twice we had to drag trees and logs out of the path •before we could go on. Notliing had •happened when we reached the valley, and as we looked around us aud across it nothing could be seen to alarm. We had Just taken the ropes olT the bio. Heed Wheels of the atrfbulance when the warwhoop of the hostile Indians sounded behind us, and we looked back over our trail to catch sight of a liundrvd mounted warriors 1 •earing down upun us. Tliey had picked our trail and run us down. "Mount: Now. straight across Uie valley! Fall In to the rear or tlie ambulance !" The voice of the old sergeant was hard and firm as lie spoke. The curtains of the ambulance were up, and I glanced at the Colonel's wife. She had seen and heard. Her cheeks had paled, tat she was removing a repeating rifle from Its hooks as we fell iu behind the vehicle. It was a clear five- mile dash. The prairie was as level as a Itoor, and the mules needed no urging after hearing the yells of the Indians. The soldier driver wound tile lines about his hands, braced his feet, and away we went. We had a start of half-a- niile. No man looked l>aek. The pace was a hot one and there was cover live miles away. The Indians gained on us, but only Inch by Inch. The mules took up Buch a gait ttoat our horses had to lie right down to It to keep up. Not a word -was spoken as we rode, but every ear listened to locate those coming up Irehind us. If they came, too near we must bait and open flre while the ambulance pu&ed; on. We had almost reached cover before three or four rifle buHcts came sdnglng over our heads. Three minutes later we were among the trees and rocks, and the race was ended. As the ambulance halted and we Uuug ourselves off our horses, I looked back aud saw a baud of at least seventy Indians almost within ritle-shot of us The rosd struck the hills at a gulch, and they dared not follow us Into that They gave vent to their disappointment by shouts and yells and a wasie or ammunition, and Tor a few uiinuics tliey had no plain vlow. " Well, we In-lit tliem In n fair race," said the Colonel's wire as sin' descent from the ambulance with lhe ritle her hands, "Sergeant Cregg, whai you going to do now V" "Take cover, ma'am," lie replied he gave her the military salute. " Yes, of course,'* she said as she looked alwut. " Did you ever see a pair of mul»w run fasler V I might have a shot but for your men behind. T] must be near a hundred Indians there, but I guess we're safe enough now." She rattled oil in that fashion while we were taking the mules from the ambulance and unsaddling our horses, and It was a great weight off our minds to realise that she would not lie a burden on our hands. It was Idle to think of pursuing our Journey in the darkness which would soon close dowu, and be- fore morning there would be plenty of Indians on tlie trail beyond. We must take cover and hope to stand them off until help arrived, or tj»ey grew discouraged at the siege. As we were consulting about location and defence the Colonel's wife came back to us froin the mouth of the gulch and said : "That's tlie place, over to the lert. men. There's a spring on that lilll, with a good growth to shelter all. and you can see plenty of boulders lying about." Tlie eer^cant had selected the same spot, and In the coarse of a quarter of an hour we were occupying It. We got the horses and mules up there, but the vehicle was left behind. It was a coneshaped bill amid haif-a-doseo such, but it commanded the others. It was covered with pines and cedar* of email growth, and there was a splendi(l spring right on the crest If the Indians had lteeu fierce In their pursuit, or crafty In their plans, we could not have reached it. It was the outbreak of war again with them, and they were overcautious. They drew back' iuto the valley to consult, thus giving us a fair show, and we were £nug enough when night fell, and tbey made a dash for us, which we easily repulsed. Darkness found us occupying a circle about 40ft. across, with stones and boulders aud trees for shelter, and, though the situation was au anxious one aim full of danger, all were in good spirits. We made a fire lw-hvi.-en two rocks and cooked our suppers. and by the use of blankets we put uji a tent for the Colonel's wife, though against her protests. Alter the one single effort of the Indians, which was •l.uilitless more of a reconnaissance than an attack, we were left in peace, though all through the night we heard sonuds to prove they were taking up positions u all sides of us and making ready for the morrow. None of us except the woman slept au hour all night long. We used levers j to loosen boulders and roll them Into the [ circle, and with our knives we cut off • limbs, and cut down small trees to fur- | ther strengthen our fort. We got the horses into a sort of gully below us, aud ! made the position as safe as possible, ' tnd when daylight eaiuc there was notliing more to be done. We had above UINI t rouuds of aurmuuiti<rt), food for three j Oiiys, and wat<?r was at hand. Daybreak found us ready for an at- | tack. The Colonel's wife took her place, riili» in haud, between two men, and for j half-ail-hour we expected a ssinldou rash, i At the end of that time a single warrior : appeared to view sx tbe i>ase of ttw \A\\\, mid In bi\>ken English demanded our surrender. TSje sergeant auswered him that we were ready for them, and at the *ajne ttuio tired a shot which rolled the rmbakin's pony over. Three minute later there was a clrdc of lire about us. Indians had inouuted into trees to the right and left of us to get a plunging lire, aud from the lops of two lower hills they poured in their biilleLs at random. We simply crouched dowu behind the rucks and smoked our pipes, pleased that they were throwing away their cartridge* At the end of an hour they ceased tiring. Not a man of us had been cmn»h<?d, but stray IwHcls had killed one of che mules and wounded horses. Tiiere would be a rugh now. and as we made ready for It tlie Oolouel's wife ank down beside me, nnd quietly said: " I've tumbled over sage hens and jacrkraltbits, and I ought to be able to bit in Indian. r>o I look frightened 7 M " Vou re as white as a ghost, ma'am." answered as 1 turned to hvr. ' " Hut I'm all right," she smilingly said, • and here they come." So they did. With every painted war- •inr yelling at the top of bis vnlee. the •nrire band charged us at ninv. taking n the whole eircle. It was not umil hey got close up that we miild see anything to shoot at. and every few seconds (he sergeant cried out to us to hold our fire. It was over in a mlnuie. They iid not expect to ilnd us eiitn'iirlh'ii. and we knoeked them over like neplu*. I believe we killed or wounded a full . and it took the ii^lit out of ihciu thoroughly that not a rilie was llred at us again until afternoon. Then, soon after 2 o'clock, and without tlie slightest warning, we were eharged again, and three minutes It w a wild melee. Wo fired into their very faces as they sprang upon the defences, and two warriors were shot down inside our fort, and both by the Colonel's wire. It was their final aud supreme effort, and well it was for us that it was thus. "When we had beaten them off Sergeant Gregg and anoiher man lay dead, four men were badly wounded, and they had cut our animals out of the gulch and run them off. Had the attack lasted a minute longer or been renewed, two men and a woman alone would have opposed it. And among the qu.-er things of that last dash was the behaviour of the OoIonelV; wife. With tnv own eyes 1 saw her shool down the'two warriors who had leaped the hmiaiwork. and 1 believe she killed two or three more outside of It, and vet when the attack had been repulsed the little woman fell over In a dead faint, and for ten inUiutc* we believed her dead from a bullet. When she came back to life she had a fit of weeping, aud when that was over she turned to and attended our hurts and was ready for another brush. We put In another night right there, not knowing that the Indians had drawn off. but soon after sunrise next morning were relieved of all anxiety by the appearance of a scout, who parsed on and sent U6 aid*, from the fort. The Colonel's wife did not get down to tin* railroad, for that was tlie opening of a war which lasted for months, but there was no blame attached to any of tbe living who returned to her. On the contrary, the old martinet of a Colonel took each one of us by the hand, breaking over " military etiquette" once more in his life, and said : "You did well, my man, 'and here's my hand on It. aud 1 won't forget you !" —" San Kraneisco Chronicle." 