TOM OSSINGTON'S GHOST. j y RICIhAlRD MARSH).j CIIAPTIRl XIV.-(Conlinued.) "So you have fold t:leml of nme, have you? Ani a prett t yara you've spun, I bet my boots. Yes, illaidamln. I mlll Chrals'l'?,alaliigill, lately out of Wanids wcorlth Pis'on, sellt therel. for. COlllmlmit tihog iiulary it this very pliee. My God. yes! It-i house' of honiniIIi og me nior;is of "a thousand ghosts! J only ,cilllt o!t the day Iiltforle "~,s'trle dia. :tiIl tlhlt .~ll ei Ilie i I Crio ulittdl iiurg !:try agahi. ,h,'e! A\rd now" I lin at it fou?to'h thm'1 i1 timi', driven Io it-lby a h oI .\ iiiy G od, lhe's b hi ld i i e A sul'den (ll liolls clhange took plarce ii I the tpr 'l'es5ion oif tlhe fellov's couin 'ian iC. Ia rti'ill- y lidlraving his hcndil, he irn(id :iid looked hchinii hhi \--as if constriii:ineI to lhe action Otf:liilst- his will. lis voice shlranlk to :n hourse \h]i.'spl'. "'Is tliat you.T oml 'l Oit"(J?-hngtonll '-" n.' hL repi:i, . i Madg nm d forv.'ard c. itle chm,. and, ii her own .jieculiar fashhioi, slate I.y, ..niiough slit was a littl'e \;hilte 'bolxutr. the lipS. iid tlhere was i oildd soiie thillng in her eyeis. '"I lhil:i hi1't1 I bd betier coriie inside -aid, if ic''eniicnt., ]lease nioderatio ..Yg; lii rguage." " A le Iioinid of her v\:oice 'lhe man Stui'd again,lIid sta tredi "I I.fb yo ur' uiildoi.\i r ie you slielk ing to min?" "I vau, ald aoi. Mr. Grahanlm hos "pokc .to iiie of youl, allild I inu quite rcriinin tlhati in dloiilgso hIe has told us notllhing I;ut thle exoct aiul litieral tritli. Il tihe tilit. of whit hie huls saiu. I know lhat I "i gi'iihg e'prelrssion to our Onmmioln feeliig in'aying tliat we slhall fel obligcd 'to y'eo if Iyou will conme ,i biiian lesitif til, ftnmbling" with his halldsl'. as i'; nouplussed. "I1s'i a good imany yeairs-·.;ltl d v\as spolken to like that.' "l'os'iibly 'it's a good irunly years Mince you deserved to be spokenl to like thi'il. As a.irule, that sort of slpeech is idldressell to us to' which .we are entitlel." " "Thalt'!; itrue.' By (Gold, it is!" .. "lAlieve I a isked .you to mnoderate 'oolh Inguaiige.' "1 beg your ''pardon; but it's a lhabit -of 'sqlole stiandtlig." "'l'ihn if lhat ifi tihe case, probably the liihe is omie that it siould -dlie. l'lease let it diec-if for this occasion only. Must I repent my invitation. -lnd press you to enter, in face of the eagerness to effect al entrance wlhich, it seemns that-' you havle alreiady .uhow\n ?" 'ic. lIalJiligall colntinueld to exhlibit 'sigits of indecision. "This isn't IL trap, or aulthling of tlut, kind ?" "1 am afraid I hardly understandl you. \What do you mean by a tarp?" "\Well"--hlis lips were distorted by lwhat ivas possibly mieant for a glrini "it.'do'esn't wanlt muclh understanding, whi'en you conii' to tlinik of it,." "\Ve ask you to conie in. If you seceet our invitation you \\\ill of course tie at libert'y to go again whenever you please. We certainly shall malke no el'ort to detain you, for any cause whatever." "VWell, if thl.t's lthe case. it's a queer stzu't, by- " Ife seemed about.' to itter his accustomed iml'irecucatioll : tlhei, catching her eyes, refraiucd, adld ing, in a different tone, "1 t-lhink,l will." SITe did, passing first one leg over the sill, and then the other. Wheln tiie whole of his body wvns iin tihe room he -,leoved his bot, tihe action effecting a dislict imlnprovement iin his appear anie. Ti'le lcldepartec of the dlisreput able billycock dlisclosed the fnct, that hris hidad \';ts not l)y any means ill shnped. One telrc'.ived thllat this had once been ai initelligent mnui, whose inltelligcncc was very far furonn being altogether a thinig of t-he past. More, it suiggested the problabilityof his hav ing brein goodl-lookiing. Nor did it need a',, keen observer to suspect tlhat if he was sluveu and shlorn, couhbed alnd groonted; anld Ihis rags weTre exchlanged for dcceln raimiantih.at thlerewerestill enllug'h of i':lallilless abollt hiil to reIn de"r liim sildilie.ntly miresentable. HIe was: noilo? ye of tlhe hloeilessly submerg ed;i althligh just tlhen he-colul scar cely have appeared to greater disad vantage. llis clothes were the scour ilgs of iithe rIglnull's ;ag-ill- ittiiig. torn. imuddyl . Ills boots were odd olmes, wllose gaspiing apertures resenled the solklcss feet \\\within. In hlislwhole bIaring lthere \vls that indefinuable, fiurtivec somelthing' v.'thiei is- ithe hall airiuki of the swretch \ho iholmes for no thing buht an oliportumity to snatch 'the wlierecvitrh:ll to stay thle craving's of hiim belly. n:id ,ho setc an elieluy e\'en 1lii le crenatlure who liilgs to hilt a careless dol". This atmaosphere wsliceh wsas aboult hini, of the outeast and tihe poriihlh, was heiifhteCned by the obvious fect toiht, tt tliat tvery motnlltu, he was hiumgry, hlidaousl!y hungry. Ilis 'eye, neo\ that thley ,'ere nlore clearly .s-een, were wolfish. in tlheir haste to begin their tresur''t,-hunitiing they h:lad lot ec1 a ci':ltedl to tlo:e away ilie teo thilngs. 'IThle nmn's glaences were fast c(ncl os; Ihe ifrigtmllig nus of food wllich vweri ( in le' tiable, as if it swas only by ll effort of will that hie was nble to keep himselcf froil pouncing on them 'like some famlisleld uiimnal. 'Mtdlge perccived the looks of long 'W\e are just going to have supper. You must joinll us. ''lihen we can talk " while wse 0re eatinlg. Ella, help me to ,get it ready. Sit dlo\vn, lMr. BaUin gall, 1 d.iresay you are tired-and pea'r liaps youl haild better close the window. Elia alld I shall niot bie long." 'lThey iade a curious trio, the thrlee •men. whlile tie two girls malde re;ldy. BIallingall closedl the window, with an air half sheeplisli, half defiant. Then placed' himlself ulion a, sent, iil bolt up right' fashlion, as if doubtful of the chair's solidity. "Jack too]k up a posi tioti in the centre of tlla hlearthrug, so evidently at a loss for something ap in'opriate to say as to make his incalpa city alinust pmathetic--appareintly the lunusual cll:alilctcr of tihe situation had tied Ilis tingue into a double knot. (iriilahm's nti itude was more complex. 'lie portion of the wainscot whiicl ie .had ulderltinlk to 0di.spl:lce not hiaViig br'n eutirely ciiio'ti resulinig his unfinished' task, hle continued to wrenclh the Ihoardls from their fasten ings ias if inhte nlionally oblivious of the hew arlrrivil's-pr,?enee. Nor was the imenal which followed of a fimiliar typel. 'lThe resources of lite Itrder were not manifold, but all h lit it coitaicd was placed IlIpon tihe table. "In pie'e dt' resistance con sisteti of six ioiled teggs. "If you boil all thlose eggs," Ella decl:red, when a31tilge laid on tlhemn a prhtlllory hland. "theTre'll be notlhing lelt in ithe Ilhouse for Ibreakfast.'" "The man is famished," retorted 31adge with minle i nconst;'uence. ''"What does ir'eaf:lst maftter to us if elie itnt is stiartitig?" Sn lih2 six were boiled. And he ate them all. Indeed hie ate all Ilit'il '\ts to eact--ldevolltrte woubhl hlave ee h thll m]"nore alpproprintoe word. For hie aittcltkedtl his food with 1a vorleitiy whichl it was niot nice to witness. bolting it wit lil tomiplete dis rega:rd to rules whichl suggerst the tad vislability of prelieinatry rnustieaction. It was nobt until Iris wolf-like appetite wns. at least, soalewhatt appeansed by Ithe colsumpiiont of nearly all ll the foodt thatl WaS on the table, th~it Madge up proactlhed t he sulject whichl.i was.upper most in all tht'ir thou whts. S".\p. I wa: saying, Mr. 13nllingall. Mr. (Graaltml has o hld uS of il t1hat prtssed betweten you." At tlhe mollmenlt li had a. piece 'of brelltI ill onIl Ilillll iil al soite chlleese inll the cther-ll- ill 11:t llheese that was liift. The slti:sfactioh of his appletite" seemnedl toil I ',,? ilcrerast'et hils fe'roity. Crtim nting Iath IcIS.:ls into his mouth at o'nce, hite tm1lll,(I ndII her with a sort. of salf-t lhokedlt snlt I. "TIhelln \ni1 right hI:lt he to do that?" "It tAcItrs te hat h11111 lie id a good deal of right." "niow? VWhat's he? A ltwyer out of a job. lwho tomltes aid offers nme his services. I'm his client. As hIis elientl I give hin1 my confidance. Look ing at it fromn a professional point of view onily, what right has Ie to pass 11my eonfiiience on1 ti any ontt--IIny onel! lie's been guilty of a. dirty andl disgracefill action, and. hl e knows it. You kinow it, yout do." lie stlnledtl across thd boatrd atC Graham. "If 1 twere to report Ilinto to he Law Sociale tilhey'd take himn of the rolls." "I qle'stion it." hlttlge's tone wais dry. "You miay question it-but I lkinowc what I'm talking about. What use ldoes he miake of the coifidence whichl hlie worms ott of me?" "l wormted nothing out of you." The interruplion iwas (illlahanl's "'Whateiver you said to lle was saidt siontaneousl5y, witlhoult the slighltest promnpting otn my ipart." "'What difl'erence dlotes tirot make? l'hten whlt use dtoes hie imake of whst I satid spontaneously? lie kno\ws thlat 1 am a poor driven devil, charged wilh it crimte whlich 1 never conunittedl. I e'xplinit to hiti howi it ltippened tlhat that crime coimes to be Ilidl against Ilme, how I've. beeni told that there's mnoney \\\watilng foir me in a certain llace, vlwhich is mine forl the fetchinig, itld hown, wheni I swent to fetchl it, I was sn.ealpcdl for burglary. lm fountl guilty of what 1 never did, and I get twelve montiths. In this country.law attndl justice are two diffterent tihings. \\\What does my lawvermlnly own lawyer lwho pressedl on lmec his services. nilldl! -dlo. while I'm n il prison for what [ never dli? Ic tlakes advantaige of my confileice, and withllout a wordt to nme, or0 a hint of any sort, lhe goes tndi looks for 11my money--my1/money, mind!--oln Ills iown iacount~-and for all I know lhe's got it in his pocket now." "'lirlt hle certainilly lihas not." lThis was tMadge. "T'ficn it isn't his -;atlt if he hasn't. Can you think of vi:ytling dirtier? not to vpeak of morie unprofessional? Why one thief wouldn't iehiase to another thief like that --nit if lie was a touch above the carrion. HIere have'I, na inlnocelnt man1, been rotting in gaol, llhink,. think, thinking of whast I'd do with the money lwhet 1 did come out, and ihere was thie a10n 'who ought to have been above SUSlietionl, 1(and whomi I tllhought was above suspicion, plot tinlg and planning all thile time how he coulul rob mne of what he very well knew wass the only tahing which coull save ime from the oluter darkness of hell illand of despair." (;rtirahaim Ihotined IMadge to silence. "Oine moment. Miss Brodie. Ylou must inot suppose, Mir. Ballingall, that ibecanuse 1 suffer youl to miake your sweepingi charges against me without inlterrupttion, that 1 admit the truth, or thie justice of Ilhe epithets whichl you permuit yourself to apply to mle. On the contrary, 1 assert that your stiateltte'ts are for the most part wholly unjustifinble, and that- where they applllear to have some measure of justification, tle3y are easily capable of colmplete explalnltion. Whatever you may1 continue to say I shall di cline to argiue. with 301 hetre. If you will come to my rooms I will give you every e.xplanation you3 canl possibly dte sire." "Yes, I ldaresoy--and take the earl lest opportuinity of lhanding me over to the first conventient copper. Unless I'm mnistaken, tllhat's, thie kind of man volt are." Madge caught. thile speaker by the sleeve of his ragged coait, with aL glance ait Grahall, whsaose countenance 11hd grownl omniously black. "If you wvill take my adivcee, Mr. Bal lingall, since it is plain thlat you know nothing of thie mindill of man Mr. Gra limt really is, instead of conltinuing to talk in that extreinely foolish fashion you will listen to whaln.t 1 l:ave to say. 'iTh'e nIlighlt before last we were tile vic tints of all attenllted burglary--" "I did 'it-3you know I did it. I giv.e myself away--if tshere's any giv ing about it. You can whlistle for a constable, andil give mle ilto charge righit oil': I'm willing. Perhaps it'll turn out to be thile smne bob3y I lhand led before, ind then he'll be Ihappier thain ever."" "I am sorry to learn that you were the burglar--very sorry. My friend, Miss Duncan, and I were alone in the house, a fact of which you were prob 1111ably3' aware." That Mr. Ballingall might still be. possessed of some remnants of saving grace was suggested by the fact tlhat, at this point, he winced. "Other considerations aside, it was Ihardly a Iheroi action to break, at dlead of night, into a lonely cottage I whose only inmates were a?couple of unprotected gir s." "There wais ai revolver lied;" I"As yoO say. there was a revohlsr tired--hy me, at the ceiling. Does thnt ten?t to strengthen the evidence which goes to .Ihow that the deed, on your pllrt, was a coragegcous olle?" "I neover said it was." "You are perfectly con scious thnat we shll not whistle for a policeman, and that we sthall not give you into charge. Is it it'L'essary for you to talk as if you thought 1we shonld?" "Am 1 to be robbcd "I fintcy tltat tie roblting has not been 'ill upon) one side." Mr. tallin g i ll id not koni hapl)ier. "'The 15urg hu" hft bchined him an scrap of paper "Oil. I didl. diiid l? I wondered where it wa:s. "Alt un'scntt i is ill tile possession of t1e Iolie."t. "The devil!, "You need not hi alarmed." Mr. iallngall had sultdenly arisen, as if distl'bced by sone Ireflection. "That w\as iefor- ne tknew by whom we had bIeen favoured. Now that we do know, the paper will not, be tused in evidence againist you--nor thie police either. Ilefore ihanding over that scrap of p"ltt' we took a copy of the yriting whih was on it. 'That' writin¶ was. n kt'\t' t'wo secret hiding-plalcets? flacsc. which are containcd within this ilonls·." "Ilow do you ktnow that?" "liy exercising a little of my elemen tac I'V Olllitoni sense. Observe, Mr. tallingall.' Ilising frout her seat, she crossedl to the dtoor. " OIL that paper whith yoi w.re so goodt as to leave be hindi you it was writtent, 'Right'-I standi on the right of the door. *StraiFight ncross'-I walk straight :lt.ross the rooni. 'Three'-T. measure three feet hlorizintally. 'Four'--and foer feet pierlbeindiculatl1:y. 'Up'-1 pus'h tie panel tlt: it olpens, aid I find tlutt thrie its somnethintg within. That, Ih'. tIa linialt, is how 1 know tIhe paper was a gidtle to two secret hiiting-places Iby dliscovering the first. Whliat is the matter with the inin?, HS he gone mlad ?" 'IThe question, which was asked stitlh a studden and striking clhange of tone, was induced by thie singularity of Mr. ltillingntI's dnenmanour. He had,sfart cI shten natdge l took up hier position at the door, eyeinfig hIer following evolu tions speehilessly, breathlessly, as if spellhound. Her slightest movement seemed to possess for himn some curious fascitnation. As she proceedled, his I.it:tion incrcased; every nerve seem dl strainedt so ttat. hel might. not lose the smallest detail of alt that happened t:tiil when. with dramatic gestures, she imitated tie acetion of striking the 1nel', riisilng it, and aikng out some thing wlhich was contained within, .be broke into (t ry after cry. "My (God!" he repetited, over and oVer aIgain., Covering Ihis face'wlth his hands, as if he strove to guard his eyes against somne terrile vision. he crouched in a sort of heap on the ftoor. :...? . CHAPTER XV. THE COMPANION OF HIS SOLI TUDE. Whten he loolked up, it, was timnidly, doubtfull.y, as if fearful of whalt ihe mnight see. lie glanceld about him an xiously from side to side, as if in searchl of somet.hting or some one. "Tot!--Tomt" he said, speaking it .as difllielt to st' to whom. He pausetld, as if for an answer. When Ilone came, he drew himself upright gradullyl . inch by inch. They nioticed low his lips were twitching, and how the whole of his boldy trembled. lie ipassedi his Ihands over his eyes. ts a man might lwho is waking" from a threnam. Then he stretched it out, in front of hiii, palht upwasrds, with . a sntiethinfig of supplicatiion in thenction wi'h lent ptlthos to tile words lie ut tered-words which in themselves were more than sufliciently bizairre. "Do any of yot belierve ill ghosts? in dlisembodiedi spirits assunming a cor poreal shape?--in the dead returning from their graves? Or is a matt hvo thinks Ite sees a ghost, \?lo kitnows lie sees a ghost, whto Iknows that a ghost is a conttimlnial at.tendnt of his walking tnd of his sleepinig thours alike--tmust sleih a nmn he in labour with some hor rible ilelusion of dis senses? Is his brain of necessity unhinged? Must hie of at certainty be mad?" Not only was such tan interrogation in itself remarkalble. bit miore especi ally was it so ais comingii from such a ligure as Ballininall piresented. His rags antd dtirt were in strtange contrast with his tlanguage. IHis. words, chosen as it seemed with ait nice precision, camne froam his lips withl all the signs of praccteal eaise. Ilis ilinner, even his voice, assluned a touch of refine ment selhich Iefore it lacked. In himn was displinyed the spectacle of a man of talent anl of Iarts eincased in all the outwarld semlnbiltace of a creature of the Itkennel. Iatilge, to whoon the itnquiry seemned to the more particnlarly atldreseed, re plied to it witlh another. ('1"o be continued.) 