Boxing in England. Forthcoming Season. "With the exception, perhaps, of football, no pastime enjoys such a long season as boxinjj (says the Daily Telegraph of Septem ber 23). Horseraoinir, on tho fiat and orer the sticks, goes on all the year round it is true, for tho "sport of kings is not fettered by a. oloso timo. Conld tho exponent of the game of fistionffs havo his own way, ho two would he strongly in ovidence oven from January to December. Ready and willing; to put up with any olimatio conditions, the enterprising pugilist would as soon fight with the thermometer registering 100 degrees in tho shade, as in the depth of winter, pro viding, of course, Bufficiont inducement in tho way of purse money happened to be forth coming. The everyday boxer, is, in fact, a most accommodating gentleman in his wuy. No fuirweathcr sailor, he cares neither for rain nor shine, and, give him his fling, ho could be seen in the ring at dusk or .at mid night, at daybreak or at noon. As a bread winner — for his profession is not considered by tho ladies with whom he may associate as a bar to tho holy state— the boxer is more fortunate than the crioketer, the Soulier, the pedestrian, and others who have perforce to lay idle for two-thirds of the year. Thanks to' its popularity, and the patronage accorded the calling he follows, tho professional pugilist can find employment for eight months out of the twelve. Nor need ho be. a champion to do so. The market is extensive and the domand great, and those who are not fortunate enough to be in a position to see the bright particular stars perform, enjoy' to their fill tho doings of men of less renown. A dozen years back glove contests and com petitions were' deoided in a desultory manner here and there, and the season proper was not fixed until the National Sporting Clnb. came into existence. Then it was decided by tho governing body in Covent Garden that the curtain should rise in October and fall on the Monday in tho Derby week. Coming from tho first olnh. in the country, the head and centre of everything pertaining to boxing, this rnlo was at once looked upon ns law throughout tho land, nnd no man either thinks or talks seriously about the noble art until a start is mado with the sport at the National Sporting Clnb. The tenth season opons here on Monday, Ootober 1, a season that .gives promiso of sport quite up to the average, despite the faot that wo 'are still a long way behind our cousins across tho Atlantic as regards class and ability. Heavy weights like Jeffries,' Fitzsimmons, Corbett, Ruhlin, Starkoy,' M'Coy, and even Maker and Choynski, have yet to be found on this side, while wo have no middleweight who would stand a ghost "of a chance with the accomplished and skilful Ryan, nor a feather capable of making any thing of a show with that remarkublo youth Terence M'Govern. And yet this quite un accountable loss of form by British boxers generally will lesson iu no degree the interest taken in their doings duriug the coming winter and spring. That a Jeffries or a Fitzsimmons would bo a great draw at head quarters goes without eaying, hut, at . the same time, it is as well to bear iu mind that frequently ono sees a better . battle for a £10 purse than what is given by men contestingfor fifty times the amount. Jeffries, Fitzsimmons, Corbett, Sharkey, and M'Coy havo all' visited England, but, with the exception of tho last- named, nono have taken part here - in the serious business of tho ring. Fitzsimmons, although quite the veteran of the party, is the man of the hour, a boxer with a really remarkable record. ' Although well in his thirty- ninth year, he could to-day find backing against any pugilist in the world. Beaten in June of -fast year by tho gigantio Jeffries, to whom ho was conceding over 3 st. in woight, Fitzsimmons, when everyone thought he had retired from tho profession for good, returned to his old lovo this year, and defeated in the most aeoisivo manner tbo .herculean Sharkey, and tho lattor's conqueror, tho gigantio German, Gus Ruhlin. In these matches the tall, sinewy farrier from Cornwall displayed phenomenal hitting powers and vitality for a man his age, and what the great Mace was with his fists at 39, Fitzsimmons appears to be with the gloves. Another man, James I. Corbett, . has, like Fitzsimmons, returned to the ring with suocess. Corbett is at tho time'of writing- in England — in fact, ;in London. No bettor proof of the ignorance of the American sporting man as regards properly constituted" blubs could be had thau that afforded by tbo wild statement made the other day by Corbett to the effect that he had an idea of purchasing the National Sporting, and of running-it on Yankee lines. Tho so- called clubs in the States are little else than barns, wooden structures with no member ship, opened only on fight nights, and resembling the N.S.C. about as much' as shut up Olympia. Returning homo from his does first visit to England Bomo fivo' years hack Corbett, upset by what ho considered to be a slight, was mudo' to say thut. he would not fight at the National if Windsor Castle was thrown in as a prize. Corbett may havo much money, hut, all the same, he stands quite as good a ohanco of .getting Windsor Castlo as he does of seouring the N.S.C. Harking hack, to boxing hero reminds one of the repoal in the States of the Horton law, which permitted the sport to flourish there on a very large scale. The Horton law was passed on October 16, 1S9G, but it ceased to exist on the 31st of lust month. In many quarters it was thought this would throw all the Yankee boxers out of work, nnd another American invasion - was anticipated. As a matter of foot, the Horton law, whioh made boxing legal, refers only to New York State, oustido of whioh the game goes on as usual. Still, members of the National Sporting Club will havo the pleasure of seeing some of the big guua from the other side show tlisir skill during thb forthcoming season. The diffi culty is to got men good enough to put up against _ the visitors. -. Tho front-rank boxer in tho States .is, as a rulo, financially fairly well to do, and the deBire to sco England is so groat that he will come hero and spar for loss money than he would accept at homo. Two of the bast men at their weight in America, Charles M'Keover, of Philadelphia, und Jack Evor- hurt, of Now Orleans, are now in England, and in ull probability both will he seen ut headquartenf. M'Keover, considered to bo the champion " welter-weight," is already articled for a contest there witli Dido Plumb, of Kingsland, the best light middle-weight we havo, while efforts arc being mudo to find a oustomer for Everurd. It is stated that in M'Keover tlio members of the'National Sport ing Club will bob ono of tlio smartest boxers of the day, a man who combines soionee with hitting power of quite a remarkable ohuraotor. In tho States he hus carried all before him, and naturally ho will have -a pretty strong following on this' side. His opponent, Plumb, is, . however, a boxor with whom vory few .can afford to take liberties. More than once the Londoner hus pulled through when apparently a beaten man, and he can point to exceptionally olever viotories over Edwards, tho Australian, and tho Now Zealander, ' Hoffernan. No doubt M'Kcovor, though the emnller mun by some half a dozen pounds, will start ' a good favourite, but there are those who. will piu thoir faith to the ' Britisher, when the men stand faoo to face. The match will ho decided at the blub early iu Ootober. A stake of £200 a side will rest on tho result, iii addition to . the purse, nna when wo say that Plumb's money will ho tho hard earnings of tho proprietor of a boxing-booth; it is not.- necessary, to add that his friends are in no way daunted by the brilliant record of the young Amorioan., Last Bpring Mr. Bettihson, tho manager of the Nationhl Sporting Club, did- his utmost to secure the services of M'Govern, looked upon by ull who havo seen him us tho best bantam weight that over took tho ring. The conqueror of Dixon, long the premier 9-st. man in the States, the light-weight champion Erne, and a host of others, M'Govern could not, however, see his way clear to visit Eng land, but it is just possible he may put iu an uppearunco in the new year. The manager of the National Sporting Club will, however, play anothor strong card whon lie introduces the two bantam-weights, Pedlar Palmer, of Oaiiningtown, and Harry Ware, some timo of London, but now of ' Holoo't, Northampton. Palmer held an unbeaten record ' until lie orossed tho Atlantio and met with defeat in -'one round at the hands of the aforesaid M'Govern. Last May Palmer and Waro had a desporato battle at tho' National,, and opinions were very much divided whon the verdiot was given to uie firstnamed. Akeenor struggle or a oloser finish has seldom boon seoii. Previously both -men had trrico beaten', the bnoe-invmcibla Plimmer, of Birmingham, and, as was antici pated, thoy proved n wonderfully well matchod pair. Tho result of muoh biokering wad the ratifioatiou of a second contest, which is surd to create a very, largo amount of interest. Palmer, while not perhaps so quiok and brilliant as of old, retains ull the skill and cleverness that enables him to tire out and. demoralise the best man sent from abroad, as well as thoso to bo found in his own country. Ware, on the other hand, is the strong, rash/ ing fighter of determined, aggressive taotios, and it remains to be seen whether his stamina will enable him to get oven with his sncoess- ful opponent of a few months' baok. Dcspito the wars, boxing in tho army and the navy flourishes more than ever, and, tlmnks to tho untiring energy of Colonel G. M. Fox, inspector of Her Majesty's gymnasia, the championships deoided early in the month at Alderahot proved a best on record. With tho strifo practically at an end in the Transvaal, Tommy Atkins will be found in tho ring again at Oholsou, Wellington Bar- raokB. Woolwick, Canterbury, Windsor, and other pluccs, and the Guards' competitions are to be decided at tho National in the new year. Another important addition to the programme at headquarters is tho annual boxing con tests between the Universities of Oxford and Cam bridge. Previously decided . alternately at Oxford and Cambridge, the bouts will this year be fought out in Covent Garden. Since the competitions were first started four years ago the form of the students has steadily im proved, and it is only right and proper tbat : anoh an interesting fixture should be deoided at the National. Needless to say, the old club still is running on the same striot and honourable lines that have havo gained for it world-wide notoriety. There is a'falr field bat no favour for eaoh and all, and nothing but the " door" for the man who declines to go straight. . 