uliscellaneous Pars. Private R. M. Baxter, of the New South Wales Mounted Infantry, is re ported missing from Pretoria, The unfortunate Sydney City Conn- 1 cil are be:ng anathematised all round ! over the plague matter. y ' j The Chineaa guns were bo well manipulated during the actions at I Tien tain that the Russian and Ameri- { can artillery was unable to silence ( them. The plague still sticks to Sydney. The number of caseB per 'day iB rising again. Is the dread monster with us permanently. For Chronic Ohest Complaints, Woods' Great Peppermint Cure, ^ls 6d. The Governor of West Australia, Sir Gerard Smith, has resigned from his position owing to Sir John Forrest's (the Premier) attitude to wards Federation. A man died at Auckland (N.Z.) a few doys ago from what is now thought to have been plague. Mr Borchgrevink'fa writing to tho ' Daily Telegraph ' a narrative of hia reoent Antarctic explorations. Sixty Scandinavian imtnigranta lan ded in Queenaland this week. Abundant monsoonal rains have fallen in the drought- stricken district of India. For Bronchial Ooughs take Woods Great Peppermint Ouro. la 6d. A message was rrseived by tbe Premier on Tuesday from Mr. Barton, stating that the Commonwealth Bill had passed the third reading in the House of Commons, amid cheers. Three more cases of plague were reported on Tmsday, The body of a young woman Bertha Nugent, who had been missing from her home at Jindabynn since the 30th May, was found on Monday in a river. An action was commenced on Tuesday in whicn R. W. Richards, City Surveyor, claims £5000 from Alderman A. M'Elhone, of the City Council, for alleged slander. An alderman of Parkes has been fined 10s for calling a fellow-councillor a 'thing. ' If penalties were propor tional, then certain Sydney aldermen Bhould be fined a million sterling occa sionally. Great Caesar's Ghost ! poor wasted frame, That onoe full vigor did possess, Can't bo a man in else but fame, His cough has brought him such distress. Tho undertaker Bmitos to think Next winter's cold he'll not enduro, Oh I ne'er say die, but tako a drink Of W. E. 'Woods' Groat Peppermint Cure. 