The Sketclier. A Strange Seance. Bt was a peculiar affair from <he very commencement, it was weird— even from the circumstances that led me to j participate in It. It occurred under the ! very nose of the public, and the public eye was blind to it I was in u certain suburban park. I EfrMtft tell you which it was— put on your puzTpllug i up. 1 h:id cast aside my worries, am! liad deiv"in;nod to olijoy an hour of Ubo modern pastoral. I t was oue evouiug iu the year's sweet bridal moufh, when spring weds summer, t/Iicu the May bloom derku the glade, and just about the time the sun takes bis evening dip, glMI«g the waters of his bath as he disaippcui's into their midst. I bad wondered into a thickly wooded grove, and I tQiouglit myself aloiie ; so I I was rather startled when I heard a human voice close by me ory out "cuckoo." On looking up I perceived an old genUenmn, a very queer-looking old gentleman, perched on the stump of a withered tree. He was swinging his legs about as if he were in a srnte of thorough enjoyment, and he was ood- ding his quaint old bead— nodding it evi dently at me. It was not a position in which one would usually find an old gentleman— not a respectable old gentle man. It was not an occupation in which did gentlemen are prone to indulge ; so I fear in my surprise I must have stared at him very rudely. " 01». I'm here right enough," cried ho. He had evidently read my thought. " I'm very much here, Ira ! ha ! ha 1" And his legs went swinging At a fearful rate. " ! wouhlul look quite so bewildered if I were you," continued be in bis strange croakinc: voice. " People pass ing might uotlee It. O'h, you think I should he mo?t likely to attract their attention ? Thai's wlmre you're wrong. Dm here. nrr>>5 positively here ; but for oil rirat very, very few people can see me. Yv»u can. Jwvsniso you're clair voyant. I'm a spirit. Ha ; ha 1" T qmvr:-«md myself as to the po?sl- bilily of my being asleep and dreaming; 1ml again divining my thoughts, he re plied with a olvuekle : " (Xii. you're wide awake — cuckoo." And he give me a knowing wink. Suddenly he assumed an alert expres sion : and then, bending forward mys teriously. he whispered : "There are some people coming. I don't wyii t" distress you. 1 know you'd Hke to introduce me ; but as you can't, I'll disappear." I turned to see who was approaching. If was n pair of loveiv ; but they were too nmCb engrossed in their own affairs to pay any attention to me ; so I faced aljont again. Rut the queer old man was gone. " tVh. this is too absurd." cried I. and I deliberately went up to the spot where he bud boon and minutely examined It. There was nothing but an old splintered and jagged tree stump, with a gnarled root draped In lichen and moss. I stooped to gather a primrose, when I feh my ha': kicked off tny bead. Then, raising my eves. I perceived an old boot dangling jusd on a level with my nose. So s>"ir;lied was 1 that 1 must have fallen bfl-ckrwards, for I discovered I was seated In a bed of weeds. Oh. the way thn-t oW man enjoyed my misadventure fflor there he wav on bis perch again); the way he wriggled wntti delight ; how he held his sides with btugbtcr. rocked himself too an/1 fro : threw his arms up in the air : and kick ed out his wi'tlbered old legs. Every moment I expected him to over- bilflnce the turf ; but no, he seemed a£ secure as you wouM have heen on a music stool. Finally, be pot up — on nothing- floated round the tree, and then, with a sudden twrstt. resumed his scat This Muffle feat seemed to restore bis mental equilibrium. Seeing him do this so reminded me of certain entertainments I had witnessed that I couldn't help expressing a thought. " I'm sorry I haven't a tambourine or a concertina to lend you." muttered I. He took off bis cap and threw it at me. It vatrisflied into air, hut I distinctly felt 06 ff I'd been struck by a wot towel. " None of your Inuendoes. my friend," said he. "Dm no charlatan. I'm no Bplrit by machinery. I'm the real article. I wish I had n couoertiua : I'd give you music about your oar jnn vrouidnit care for. If you're not civil I dhafll ju.«t leave you. and then you'll Jose something. I can tell you. 'Ooplu." And I to my further flfffonirfbuicnl he turned a i complete somersault, again alighting in i hie old position and looking as eerioue i as If nothing out of the cmtimau had happened. Then he crossed his legs. ! minsed his right elbow, and stroked his ; chin. "Have you ever attended a seance— a real seance ?" Inquired he : and his eyes looked like fewo red-hot coals that seemed to burn right into me. "No, I see you've not. Well, wotdd you Hke to ?" Again he road my thoughts before I could reply. " So you | shall." Thereupon he slid down the j tree and stood before me. j " Pcfltow," he commanded. "Oh. have ; only a great deal handsomer— and you'll j be like me odp of those days, ha ! bn ! ! Qua. !— onfly not so handsome. Follow tne. No one win see me hut yon. unless we meet a clairvoyant, and he'll under stand. TVlhy do you hesitate? Ob. I takp you off the enmb's plum. Omne along." He tootted ou before me. Ju»t as if heM heen a human being. Be didn't Aifctempt auy further conver..tien. neither did 1. We were soon In a frequented pari of ttie park, but nobody noticed him— evi- jdently nobody saw him. We pnssel through a busy street. He dodged in and out amongst the people Just as y<m or I would. Never but once did be do i anything out of the common, and that wras when he walked straight through post. In my surprise, that post and 1 | collided. He. perceiving my new mis- : Adventure, again extravagantly revel- led; but seeing I looked nnnoved. he i bowed to me very poHtely in contrition. ;nnd wo continued our journey, 1 A/t last we halted at « not verv nrjs. ocratic-looklng house down a' hack street. "Mangling done here" was an- Douuced by a card pronilnontly placed i In ft broken nnne Af the rvtiOi-mp u>in.Ln< (My guide mounted the doorsteps and tried tiie door; bu-t It was shut fntd. Then, Triffliout the slightest hesitation, ke passed right through It. opened it from the loride, and awaited, grinning. In the ball to receive tne. i "I don't like giving the landlady any extra trouble," said lie, " particularly as she'a busy at present with her women cleansing her neighbours' linen and soil ing their Characters. Oh. dont took so astonished ; she won't be afraid ; sbe'a used to tny Mttie peculiarities, bless her, Follow me up to the second floor. Mind the stairs ; they're rickety, and the ban- totem are delusive, so don't truBt them. Here we ftre-ttooral looral liOo." 1 SouWjqH help being struck by the fact that this old gentleman did not in nuy way bear himself with that graviiv. that circumspection, one would natu rally expect from a person hi lxls sphere. " 'Who's here ?" She asked, looking round a room we had entered. " Oh, only a poor mnptrr to-night. Friends. I salute you. Let me in:rcducc a scop- tic- Scppt'.c, yon have the honour to behold, not disembodied spirits, but an other order «>f bogies — for bogies yon will think us, you poor, blind, benighted flesb-.md-Mord machino-feored s-ml. Yon behold hero spirits who Hlng t » ih(> eu rib's piano, anil nritorially affect mor tality. but who in their inuitdauo exist ence wore merely the children of t»i» bra-ins. us Miuervu was tin offspring of .love. Let me hitrodiieo yon. Tho g»M- tlem.iii in the eb iir lo-ii'glit is sftnuly known ns The Ghost. He Is :i theatrical gentleman— possibly outsiders term him Slangy ; but by those inside the profes sion lie is very much venerated. IL is a 'welcome guest in every playhouse, and is to be met with wuMly <m Fri day evening or Saturday morning. No other ghost in the whole world is so popular. His Influence is simply unhpie. and when his wonted time pusses ,-nid ho does not appear there is generally heartburning ami unplensanlry. In ordinary trade circles he takes the mate rial name of Wages. Thai gentleman to the right of him is likewise in the mi metic profession. He is known as Tjie Ghost of a Line. Not to he acquainted with bim 1b not to be considered eredjr able In the theatrical world. Authors ore understood to detest actors u ho eschew his society. Yonder spirit cth i- nated from the mind of a music1.!!!- a composer of the very highest soul order; so much so that none of his writings were over guilty of melody, excepting one eong, of which there is the ghost. That sreiiflemfln ts tlir> nf «i Tiino Tlio . jjnrson opposite. Hint liii'lnm-liol,- IikII- Tidaul. is the Ghost of ;1 Joke. He 's welcomed when discovered in one of the rnniic papers, f ie is peneritily attended I iy the iiuheeiie you jreieelve at liis elbow. Who is lie ? AVliy, the Ghnsl nf a Lou pii, of course. The mercurial per sonage, so restless, and lidpety. is the Ghost of an Idea. fiomeMuios he \s very difficult to catch— even more so in voiain. The parly who has just entered is held In contempt both on the earth's plane and off it. Nobody wants him. One ran do without him hotter than with him. for he only brlnas unpleasant memories — he Is The Ohnst of a Coin." " Will you allow some one to speak besides yourself said a centJeman in the comer. " In other words, will you please give me myself ?" " Certainly," replied my spirit guide, who seemed to perfeelly understand the enigma. "I. sir," said the gentleman, rising. " am a spirit that many sigh for. many work hard for, and many sit patiently awaiting." "Oh ! ha ! ha ! Capital for a conun drum. What is that which " It was the Ghost of a Joke who spoke, lut' he was silenced by the gentleman so rudely Interrupted, and the Ghost of a Laugh, who had just opened his mouth, closed It again, and slunk behind his Imimate's chair. " Of course you would take me," said the controlling spirit, addressing :he Ghost of a Joke : "you would take me," There was a hitter sarcasm in he- ne cents; hut his tone was not nnkin-tlv when, turning to me. he continued ; " t am caught by some, and prove a bh-ss. Ing to them, for they use me as tin i!:in end of tlie wedge for their advancement Others let me slip through their rni -.-, -- s imply out of foolishness, others through sheer Incapacity to utilise me. But there are myriads 1 never visit, and these, heaven help them. fade, fade into poverty, and .mostly thence Into dc. spair. Those who seek me are llkeiv to find mo; hut there Is no eortainry <ir that. I am by nature hash- and capri cious. 1, sir, am the Gbnst of .1 Chance." The spirit sat down. aDd there an silence. Directly I heard who lie was 1 felt Inclined to embrace hint : In fact 1 rose to do so, hut lo ! he had disappear ed. Then, as a vision, events of my own nfe rose up bernre me— anlielnati.»ia hopes. schemes, failures - failures through folly, failures through being pre maturely certain, failures throned, an other's spite— faded chances, brilliant effervescing buhhles whieli |,:1d died sparkling and had left hehind (lien, nothiDg .but regret. For a moment inv eyes were Winded with tears, and (through their dewy misl T saw the spirits who had formed the circle slowly fade a.way one by one. Strange to sa r the Ghost of a Coin and the Ghost of a t.augh disappeared together The strains of a popular melodv floated through the air. and the Ghost of a Tune was indistinguishable. The last to leave was the Ghost of a Joke; he seemed very loath to go-in fact lie seemed to he present long after I could see iinthinj? of hirn. "There/' said my familiar when we were again alone, "you've witnessed what no spiritualist ever beheld before 1 011 ve gone beyond their most marvel- ous experiene, j T0„ whi>n on e to narrate it. y„„ wi„ 2PT' n0 /sion'sT""0/10' PTn" fl'om widest nsion.irj. Downstairs, please. The 7 t;;:ra 'Vp <-oiw (1011 at the door, so as to keep no the m do Hihf r spiri"!- Wp "'Heed f iln thlp n m..m| nnint nf T-Ut» . 101 n M.o rent's not nnifl we finq „ie ppiritp heroine very low." Jsru- jtctt't.r vanished. "a,P' sn<1 ,I",n reau''rwhTr,1" " 1 scarcely realised nhat i „-as doing until T Tllm-e 'rk ln »»' -" -Is! a little spln1t-sro?",7i7Th7,'7lientT frne W'l!" m:r f"!nnbr had sa'd was true— I was a medium, and for some nnZ'nTV ",P -ntro, - Chronelle!" Weekly Few things gratify j,r. George .Mere dith more than the fact Hint he had Hardr fi ? <1 Wl,h Mr' Hardy a success as a novelist. The M.S. of Mr. Hardy's hook " f'lulor the Greenwood Tree" was sent in vain 10 sererai publishers, and af Inst reached Messrs. Chapman .and Hall. Mr. .Mere dith. who was then, as he Is still, one of the "readers" for the firm, rend the fitory. and was so struck with Irs mortis that he advised Its publication, and wrote the author a letter of cordial praise, which was greatly appreciated by Mr. Hardy. dleyeling has become so popular In Hyde Park. London, ihr.t the I "-ommhdoner of Works is to be nsked whether he cannot exclude car nages from the bicycle track for two nouns in the forenoon, as they are a sou roe of Inconvenience and danger to the bicyclists , There is a well-attested instance ln England In which a robin formed such an attachment to two ladies that he was tn m» habit of aooompanying them ln tWr twuntry walks. When they went to reside In another district he took bis aldTef'ehi/amJ'' ton 