SOCIAL GOSSIP. VANITY FAIR By J.M.D. LONDON, Feb. 23. i The losig promoted p;i.-sion play in ,Sou;h Ahu-a siill has the most dominant .attraction tor all elassos, rich and poor, "smart" ami impossible. In the inter ludes, to pas-s the time between despatches, jx-ople attend to their own affairs, their , lamdios. Ac. One curious point is that jcoriain things, conventionally deemed ri diculous, or provocative of ridicule, are no longer so regarded. Patriotism, tor ex ample, a word which, for years past. 110 .seh-regarding person would repeat with out a superior wince, is now freely nien , tioued; people are not ashamed of it. And the worship of the grim new god. "Khaki." is tarried on openly, and in good ; faith. Khaki ties, khaki paper and enve | lopes, khaki-voloured dogcarts, harness. 1 Ac . are seen every"livvc. People- do j not laugh, or get boivd by it all. There ' :ire >o:ue. but r.oi many, instances of ' ar.d iui; ostors taking .ui vantage of! ; the nation's temper for di>!ione;-t purposes.! j l>ogus ^ "Imperial" clubs and "Imperial"! jcoips have been started here and there,' by roie;guers mo>tly. Meanwhile, the 1 . war is "making 3 ditierer.ee" to sue!) winter ! lv.-orts as Cairo. Malta, tiibniliar. for ' those who had friends in the garrison. The ; ;l>nt'.sh or American maiden and iter mam- i ins have t:or the heat; this year to, v:>,i happy hunting-grounds where so; ; many matches have been made in past « times. | Seven thousand ;vur.d> was got in for! ;he brigade o: Guards War Fund by the "r.ias.;ue a: Ik^rbohm Tree's Theatre la.st .week. 1: was she w.>r>: T::gii: of the year. : trosr. wind. J g. taut. slush. all to e::ts:de; 2i:s:Je the house glitter, s colour, jjeid, jewels, black cor.ts. white j ::\ ttet-ts. bouquets. bright eves.; s-';euJv!e[s, s>en:. a picked hou~e. in fact, i ali :!:o to . "?".ty. i -.v?"* The Prince of \\\ a'ies : :s i"ot aiioued .'\v our Constitution to know auyt :;;n^ alcat war. so he suppressed him- : s-.-.'f. a::d talke-.i meipis a:;d fund; wi;h Mrs. Arthur P.,ire:. Ihe newest Ivauties ? -M:ss Muriel WiUon. Lady Maud War- : rvru'er . Lord Shaftesbury's youngest ? sister1. Lady estrnorel.md. Lidy l)uk-' son Poynder-dressed and worked labori-j eus'y to make the tableaux a success, and, of course speak them by s e i 1 - c o n sc i o u s n e ss. j The main thing was that everybody had j clone their best to supplement what their fathers, sons, brothers are doing awav across sea. It seems wrong to die without knowing whether Ladysmith and Mafeking will be relicved, but Joseph Cowen, of Newcastle, has died, aged 69, at, for him, a most in teresting crisis in the affairs of that coun try which he loved better, I think, than aught else. But he had lived all his life long at high pressure, feverishly eager and keen about the rights and wrongs of men. He was a little man, never strong; a big brain on the top of a small body. When he finally broke from Gladstone the lat ter's toadies said that Cowen was "of gipsy origin," which, of course, was non sense. He was a Northumberland lad was proud of the local "brogue." and did not drop it in the House of Commons. The newspapers philosophise over his "failure" as a politician and statesman, his sudden and final withdrawal from Parliament, and so on, just as though he had seen a ghost, or been confronted by some dread secret. Ihe simple fact was that Cowen was too honest for the trade. He possessed a powerful intellect and vivid judgment; could, or thought he could, distinguish be- tween right and wrong, truth and false hood. and he simply refused point blank to twist and shuffle, and to lie either out loud or by keeping silent. Therefore, he natur ally would not do for a party man. As it hnjpened. he was rich enough to be in different to office or favour, to the love or hate of party hacks. Mr. John Morley, Cowen's Parliamentary colleague at New castle for a while, was not in that fortu nate position. Reversing the fortunes of the two men. it is possible that Cowen's career would have been as futile and in glorious as Mr. Morley's has been, and that Air. Moriey could have lived and died trusted End respected bv all honest men. Cowen didn't like Morley, and in his latter vesrs found Gladstone out. Be fore the 187-4 general election, however, be had not, and so gave £30.000 to the Liberal fund, money thrown away; but the Tories won heavily that time." ' His first great speech was in that Parliament in opposition to the Empress of India utte, oe the grounds mainlv that the idea was un-Lnglish, a break into the conti mntj" of English kingship. Cowen, too at that tune, considered Disraeli a sinister charlatan. The last traces of certain ancient Liberal ideas vanished with Joseph Cowen. He was a Republican, and now nobody is; he was also an enthusiast—a fanatic—for the Liberal faith in "oppressed nationali ties." and that was the secret of his quarrel with Gladstone in 1877. Cowen had been brought up among a school of North Coun try Radicals, dissenters or free-thinkers, who, from 1830 to 1848, had close relations with French, Italian, Polish, and Hun- garian patriots, exiles, and reformers, all of whom looked to England as the cham- pion of European freedom. Mazzini, Kos- suth, Blum, Ledru, Rollin, Herzen, the Russian, the two Recher brothers, Lacor- daire, Garibaldi were the heroes and the friends of his youth. The Hungarian struggle for freedom in 1849 especially moved and fascinated him, and Cowen, who had the most intimate knowledge of the facts, realised that Turkey was then, as often before, the only ally or protector of the Hungarians. It was the intervention of Russia which destroyed all hopes of Hungarian liberation in 1849, and so, when, at the time of the Bulgarian atrocities agi tation of 1870-7, Joseph Cowen and his sur viving friends on the Continent found Gladstone and Co.,, who really knew nothing about Hungarian and Polish poli tics and history, siding with Russia against Turkey, and denouncing England as the Great Oppressor, it is not surprising that Cowen revolted from the Gladstonian fold. At that particular time, too, the Birmingham "caucus" idea was new and formidable. Cowen hated the "caucus" from the first; thought it un-English and dangerous in principle, so much so that when the thing was set up in Newcastle he refused to serve on John Morley's com mittee because it was controlled by the "caucus." He was really a wonderful orator, his speeches alive with genuine fire, convic tion, lofty language. Thev were ''prepared" speeches, but so were John Bright's, whose style resembled Cowen's. Joseph Cowen had few personal friends. One of his earliest and closest was Julian Harvey, the ex-chartist veteran, who died at Richmond not long ago, nearly 90 years old. Mr. H. D. Traill, another man of note— no rough Tyneside tyke like Joseph Cowen died yesterday very suddenly, aged only 58\. A very serious loss to English litera- ture and journalism. The "Daily Tele graph" will miss one of its most experi enced, profound, and effective workmen. Mr. Traill had been editor of "Literature," a truly meritorous publication, which peo ple believe their cultured friends ought to read for them. Although he had been with the "Daily Telegraph" since I8S2, it was during his two years on the "St. James's Gazette" that Traill made his brightest mark. He and Frederick Green- wood-who is now delivering to the "West- minster Gazette" oracular judgments in South African affairs, which invariably i come all wrong bet ore the ink is dry-were | then a brilliant and powerful journalistic combination. Traill's political satires in verse in the "St. James's" of that epoch have never been, and never will be. sur passed. When one considers what a store of knowledge this man had-of 1 he kind which cannot be got in these days, and. in deed, is sought by the new men-it is hard to see how the gap he leaves can be tilled. The marriage of the Karl of Chesterfield land Miss Kuid Wilson last week rivalled, j for a day, the Tran.-vaal War as a facieiy event. lk>th bride and bridegroom were I romantic ;'iid interesting, the car! being the J ideal i..v] of fashionable lietion. handsome, icourtly, a "friend of the Princc." the hero I of inmunn able love a it airs. always with the |ViTy 1 si sort of women, and only 45, while !his bride w- one of the Warier Priory Wil ;'son>. j-ister of the ineffable and unappronch-j ;a'lo Miss Muriel Wilson, whieli implies! ih.u she was beautiful, jerfct;. and a good [judge of racing. Society is always in terested when a mature pleasure j seeker. like Lord Crewe or Lord .Chesterfield. finally surrenders to a I handsome girl, and settles down for good and all. ilis old "flames" always till the church, and smile on the bride, who pre :eudi no: to see slum. On this occa sion they crowded the snored edifice riotously. The new Countess of Chester field is considered by some reople even handsomer than her marvellous sister Muriel. The latter is. in fact, rather super humanly beautiful; has so got in I he habit of posing ;.s a beauty that there is very little of the human girl left, just as a (.reus horse, trained to walk on its hind legs. can't go on all fours spontaneous!v. The Warter Priory and Gillirigham OiPtie W ibons are not the Trarby CYoft Wil sons. Mrs. _ \\\ ilson, of. Warter Priory, was a Miss \\\ ellesley. Warter Priory was purchased by Mr. C. IT. Wilson from Lord Muncaster:_ Dillingham from the Fairfax taniily. The wealth and magnificence of the "tt ilsorjs of Hull has often been sung by the j-aragraphrsts. The Wilsons are the only "power" in the world who possess enough steamers to transport an army of invasion to Australia. Lord Chesterfield ought ro be a descendant of the Lord Ches terfield who wrote letters to his son, but isn t: the direct descent having failed, the title was continued in favour of a distant ! i elation. Bret by, the famous scat of the I .amily. with its 365 bedrooms, was left to the Earls of Carnarvon. j 