Hiram Winter's, Guilt. ' Here, in his old home, now when his youth was past, this hero of mine met one who rose upon his vision like a dream of love -a girl, years younger than himself and as beautiful as an angel could be to his eyes. And in her smile he forgot his old habit of grief, and repented him of his waste of time and opportunity, of his talent hidden in a 'napkin. So he began to paint again, and to ''think once more of fame, and of a laurel wreath to lay before a woman's feet. ' His youth could not return. His heart had been seared, and the sears must remain forever. But the smarting wound would not reopen, healed, as it had been, by this young girl's presence. So, growing back into some thing of his former self, he saw her every day, and tried to read her heart Man might not peruse those spotless pages. And he doubted himself-doubted whether he had aught about him to win a girl's pure fancy, until he found one day that he could bear the suspense no longer, but must know his fate from her own lips. And it was Sunday -the still, sweet sabbath, Kate; and he waited for her cominsg, from church, and bore het offa prisoner to the quiet woods, and there at her feet he told her of his past life, and, kneeling, told her that he loved her and asked her rove in return. ' Catherine, will you answer for her ? Can she give herself to him 7 Will she be the angel whose smile'shall bless his life and blot out forever his past sadness 7 May he this Sabbath night go down upon his knees and thank his Maker that, tossed so long upon the sea of life, his heart has found a harbour at last 7' . Catherine Meadows did not answer, but she did not strive to put away the arm he twined about her, and did not withdraw her hand from his clasping fingers. And when at last he whispered, 'Katie, mine, does silence give consent ?--will you, one day, be my wife i' the blue eyes lifted themselves for one moment to his own and then hid them selves upon his bosom. And as they sat there, the church bells ringing for afternoon service, burst, silver toned, upon the air; and, without one word, but as though led by one impulse, tlie lovers arose and, arm in arm, went toward.the little chapel, with the silver bell-musie falling above them like a blessing. CIIHAPTER XXV. ONE bright morning, after the little heir of Meadows Hall was dressed, the nurse, Ads line, and the child went out together, and wandered. for an hour or more amidst the garden, until, coming to a quiet spot where a rustic bench was placed beneath some gnarled trees, Adeline sat down, and, dis missing the nurse with orders to return at a certain time, remained alone there with her little one. 'All that was good in this woman came to the surface at such moments, and as she sat there, with a pleased smile upon her face, watching the toddling steps of the infant, Sshe had never looked so beautiful, and, con scions that there were none to observe her, she played and prattled as though she were a child-heorself. . It was very quiet there -so quiet that the edast sound was audible at some distance, and. at intervals Adeline fancied that she heard the rustle of a footstep on the fallen leaves 'f the woodpatlh. Over and over again sll decided that it might be some little' animal-a squirrel, probably, at play hard by. But, finally, the conviction forced itself 'upon her that the sound she heard could' only be made by a human foot, and that some one was lurking near and coming stealthily-toward ,her. SIt might be a madman, or some desperate character intent on plunder, and capable of violence and bloodshed. What if he should seize upon the boy-her treasure, her life ! She causit him in her arms and held hlim against her bosom as the thought crossed her mind, and rising, she .wrapped her shawl about her and resolved to return to the house alone. But as she took the first step, the branches of the tall lilac bushes opposite her trembled and' parted, and a man wrapped in a long, dark cloak stepped from behind them and barred her way. Adeline held her child still closer, and, toseing-her head proudly, said, in a clear, untrembling voice: \- ' How dare you intercept me, follow ? I 'am Mrs. Meadows, of the Hall.. Out of my way, or I will call assistance.' ' Your voice would not be heard at this ,distaniceo,' said the intruder, with a sneer. ? You must give me a few moments, whether you will or no. So you are Mrs. . Meadows, of Meadows Hall, are you I How long since you took that title on yourself 1 and howi much right have you to it 'Can you answer, Mrs. Meadows, of the Hall 7' Adeline's cheeks flushed scarlet. ' You are insolent, fellow,' she said ; ' out of my way ! Help I help I' ' Should help come, you may be sorry for it,' said the stranger. ' How time flies I It seems but yesterday- great lady as you think yourself now-that you were Adelino Winter, of the toll-gate.' ' Let me pass !' cried Adeline. ' Any one was welcome to tarry there and chat with the girl Adeline,' pursued the stranger. 'Some tarried too long. Do you remember a sailor whom you cheated with false smiles and pretended to be constant to? Mrs. Meadows, of Meadows Hall, do you remember Harry Harlowe I Do yoi remoem ber a certain ring and certificate in his keeping --did you think of those when you beeame mistress of this place I The name Adelino Harlose is written on both of them.' 'Hairy Harlowve !' she cried; 'tell me what of hint ?' 'He.is hero! ' replied the stranger, and, flinging back the cloak and tossing the broad-leafed hat upon the ground, stood be fore her in the autumn susslight, with folded arms and a dark scowl upon his face. 'I am Hairy Harlowo, Adeline. False-hliearted woman, you see your dupe before you.' ' Harry ! yes, it is Harry,' moaued Adelineo. 'They told me you were dead-lost with all the rest who went down in the Albatross. Oh, why did you not undeceive me before it was too late 1' ' Mrs. Meadows, of Meadows Hall, has forgotten her dignity,' said the sailor scorn fully. 'So you thought your dupe safe under the water, did you, madam ?' 'My dupe 1' cried Adelinoe. What do you mean I You loft me-I thought you were dead; I had no one to aid me. It is I who am your dupe, if you wore living all the while, and left me to grow mad with shame and misery. Whiy do you come back now, if you deserted me then 1' 'I have been a dupe once,' he replied, 'but you cannot make me one again, Adaline.' 'I would never have married,' sobbed the woman, 'had I not received proof of your death. I was bowed down with shame \--wild, desperate, and Hiram forced me to the act. Oh, why did you' not return in time to save mo I' 'Ihavo nothing to accuse myself of,' replied Harry, ' The Albatross was lost and I was cast upon a desert island. For a year no sail came in sight, and as I sat and s watched the sea I thought of you, and of the ring and marriage certificate you made me keep-the only things I saved from the wreck, Adeline. I thought of you as inno cent and suffering, and sometimes felt as thdofgh I should go mad. I need not have troubled myself ; it seems you were easily consoled.' ' Oh! do not speak so to me,' moaned Adeline. 'You cannot guess what I have suffered. I tell you the solemn truth. I swear it before Heaven. To be your wife was my only hope of happiness, and I watched and waited, and you did not come, and shame was heavy upon me. I think I must have been mad, or Hiram would never have ruled me as lie did.' ' You are my wife, not Squire Meadows' widow,' said Harry Harlowe ; 'do you know that 7 You are no more mistress of Mead ows Hall that you are of Windsor Castle, I have but to show this certificate to bring you from your pedestal. I have a mind to do it; not that I want you for my own again-never that-but because I hate you. That death-bed marriage ! You see I know all. It was brought about by some fraud or violence. That unjust will was unfairly come by. Squire Mleadows would never have disinherited his children-never have given his name to you. I shall not publicly claim you now-that would be tame punish ment; but I will watch you, learn your secret,. and, when you least expect it, rise like an avenging ghost before you. I was a man, with man's kindly impulses, when I left you ; but your treachery has made a demon of me. Beware ! Sooner or later re tribution shall overtake you !' With an angry motion of his clenched hand the sailor turned and strode away, while Adeline, clasping her child to her bosom, made her way homeward as fast as her trembling limbs would bear her. CIcAI'rER XXVI. LATE on the evening of the day which wit nessed his interview with Adeline, Harry Harlowe stood at the door of Fairfax House, waiting for admittance, which the old man-servant seemed in no haste to ac cord him. 'I'm not sure about your seein' Miss Meadows,' he said, slowly. ' You see, it's gettin' late, and our house .is airly. But I'll see.' Leaving his visitor, old Giles clambered slowly to the upper floor and rapped at the door of Catherine Meadows' room. The young girl was not asleep, and it was opened immediately. ' What do you want, Giles 1' she said, in some surprise. Surely nothing unpleasant has occurred 7' 'No, Miss,' replied Giles; 'but there's a sailor at the door persisting on seeing you, and he wouldn't take no for an answer.' 'A sailor ?' ejaculated-Catherine. 'I will see him. Tell him I will be there in an in stant, Giles. And the old man returned to do her bidding. Harry Harlouwe traced the murky out lines of the picture before him, and listened to the ticking oftthe iall mahogany clock in the corner. He dreaded the tasl before him, and lingered, now that ther time was near, on every moment that delayed his unhappy task. Had he obeyed his impulse, he would have left the house at once. To a feeling heart there is no more terrible task than to be the messinger of grief. - 'You wished to see me 7' A silhery voice broke. his reverie with these words and he started involuntarily, for his ear had not caught the velvet foot fill Turning he saw at his side the form of Catherine Meadows. -Even in-his troubled state of mind, he thought" how pure and beautiful she was, and how seraph-likce her Voice. ' Miss Meadows, I presumne ' he said in terrogatively. 'The same.' Catherine turned as she spoke, and led the way- into the cheerful dining- parlor, where two wax lights yet burned upon the mantel piece, and where the remains of a late supper were yet spread upon the table. 'Be seated,' she said, pointing to a chair. ' I am ready to listen to whatever you have to tell me. Is it about my brother 7' ' Is she cold, or only calm 7' asked Harry Harlowe of himself. Then, as he noted the blue eyes fixed upon him with such an earnest gaze, he thought: ' No, she cannot be cold;' and the words he would.have uttered died upon his lips. At that, he summoned courage to speak. 'It is about your brother,' he said. 'But, I pray you, do not fancy me the bearer of any good tidings. I would'it were my task to bring you joy instead of sorrow; but God has willed it otherwise.' He paused; and Catherine did not, could not, speak. She only motioned him to pro coed, and sat with her face hidden by her little hand and the veil of drooping curls, so that he could not see it. Harry Harlowe hardly knew how to begin. He opened his lips, closed them again, and at last said, slowly : 'Perhaps, Miss Meadows, you fancy that I have been a messmate of your brothers on board the Flying Dolphin; but we never met each other until every plank of that ill-fated vessel lay at the bottom of the ocean. When she went down Miss Meadows, your brother was thie only one on board, passenger or seaman, whom God, in His inscrutable providence, thought fit to spare.' Catherine started, she flung the golden ripples of hlier hair back from her face, and turned her beautiful eyes full upon the young sailor. 'Saved !' she cried. 'Was my brother saved 1 Let me hear it again.; say once more that Oliver was saved.' Tears stood in the sailor's eyes. SIIe did niot perish then,' he said; 'but dear young lady, do not let me lead you to any false hope. I have said that I bring sorrowful tidings, and I have spoken truth. Shall I go'on ? Can you hear to hear the whole 1 'Yes; proceed. I implore you. Anything is better than suspense.' 'Your brother, Mliss Meadows,' con tined thie young sailor, 'left the ship in a small boat, in company with several persons, passengers for the most part, I believe. Tlhey weathered the storm bravely, but lwhen it was past, starvation overtoolk them. For days they drifted on the ocean without foos or water, and one by one thIe others died. Oliver Meadows survived them. Before that terrible time was passed, ho was alone in the little boat, and, lying senseless at its bottom, was cast upon the shore of a lonely island in the midst of the sea. There I met him. I had been the captain of a vessol(no matter for her name or for mine) which had been wrecked, as far as I could reckon, in that lonely spot about twelve months before. F'ate had cast me on that island without a solitary companion, and I had watched in vain for the approach of any vessel which might restore me once more to the habitation of my fellow-men. 'One night Ihcard, through the ragings of a fearful tropical storm, the signals of distress, which, though faint and far away, convinced me that some ship was battling battling with the waves, and for days after I never left the shore, hapiing that the vessel had outlived the storm, and would bend her courso toward my lonely island. Those signals, Miss Meadows, came from the Flying Dolphin, and one evening, as I stood upon the sand, the little boat in which your brother lay was cast upon it by the waves. I fancied him dead at first; but he was young and full of hope, and I saw his eyes open and his bosom heave with a joy you cannot appreciate. I had been a solitary dweller in a little world so long, and now God had sent another human being to cheer my lonely lot; I had some one to- speak to now, and my heart leaped with gratitude. 'Your brother was young and hopeful, and not cast down, as I had expected he would be by our situation. He confidently expected succor, and in time it came. We were taken from that island by the Mary Ann, from Boston. They were. bound for the West Indies, and we, of course, could not hope.to reach home until the Mary Ann had' made her voyage and re turned. We were too thankful, however, for our good fortune to grumble at this, and I think I never saw a merrier youth than Oliver Meadows. Every one grew fond of him ; not one on board that vessel but would have risked his life to save that lad. ' One month fromthe date of our recep tion on board the Mary Ann, we entered the harbour of Havana. It was the fifth of January. On the next day began the slaves' festival, known as 'El Dios Do Sos Reyes,' or King's Day. That day the law gives to the slave, and the master has no control over him. At dawn salvos of ar tillery peal from Morro Castle, and the negroes pour out of the city gates in crowds, their own masters for the only day in the whole year. The respectable white inhabi tants of the place dread the day, and we were warned by some of them that it might be best to remain on board the ves sel. But sailors like adventure. As many of the crew as could obtain permission to go" on shore did so; and Oliver Meadows and myself in a short time found ourselves separated from our companions. We did not feel uneasy in consequence, for the negroes seemed merry and harmless, and we amused ourselves by looking at the groups of fantastically dressed dancers until late in the day. One among these was a woman very young, and, for one of her race, very pretty. She was grace itself, and we met her again and again, in various groups of dancers, as though she followed her own will, and belonged to no particular party. But wher ever she went an immense blackfellow, with huge tings of gold in his flapping ears, followed-her. We had been taken on board as regular hands, and such wages as- were ours we had received at the harbor. Oliver gave freely to the negroes who advanced from among the dancers to take up collec tions, and more than once flung silver to the beautiful girl with whose performance he was so much taken. At last I noticed that the black who wore the gorgeous ear-rings glanced savagely towards him and muttered "maladitos" between his teeth. The girl, too, was evidently pleased by the attention she excited She sent languishiing glances in our direction, and danced moregaily than before. I grew uneasy, and whispered to Oliver : ',Be careful, my lad; that black is a dangerous fellow.' 'Oliver did not understand me at first; but when I had explained he laughed heartily.' TO BE CONTINUED. 