Things in General. EL The Argua , Birmingham, has been fined £100 for abusing Justice Darling because he pro hibited the publication of indecent evidence. Some similar step ought to be taken in Sydney where one rag absolutely lives by the dis ? l! - ? ,-v-C nUVi on inmvi Alio UJL lUbXi- J U.OU »» J.UJ to public health and morality ^ as -any plague germs. Such publica v tions should be absolutely pro t hibited by the High Court and should any journal dare after wards to transgress or to publish aitt? adverse criticism of the judges' ruling, then, as in Birmingham, the owner, manager, and editor of tjftat paper should all be heavily fined. The liberty of publication must be preserved but the power to poison growing minds should not exist. # * Sang a bygone bard, if memory serves aright : — The waters of the river Rhone Do wash the city of Cologne ; Henceforth some godlike power alone May cleanse the waters of che Rhone. And who is to cleanse the. Pacific Ocean after all the filth has been tipped into it which the Sydney Municipal Council has been hoard ing up for about loO years ? The next trouble is the removal from ; our foreshoi63 of all the muck left there by each flow and ebb of the tide 1 And what then ? Let us have the destructors going as soon , as possible and on such teyiaa that if not suitable we may adopt some better system. But we badly want some sort of a destructor to ex termina'e and burn up our useless City Council. # * Jas. Hoskins, M.L.C., died the other day aged 77. Born in Lon don, he came here in 1853, had some experience on the diggings, was elected to the Assembly for the Northern Goldfields in '59 ; in '72 for Patrick's Plains ; and in '74 forTumut; in '89 was nominated for the Legislative Council. Was Works Minister in the brief Parkes Administration of '77 and Minister for Lands in the Parkes Robert-on Government of '78-81 ; and was on several occasions a member of tho Public Works Committee. Mr. Hoskins died as he lived, a bachelor. A great sufferer from rheumatic gout and recently from oprhalmia, the old man was somewhat brusque in manner but, beneath a rough exterior, he had a kindly heart and was much liked by his associates. In burlesque of his frugal ways, it used to be said of him that when he was appointed Minister for Lands he was living in a Victoria street boarding house where he paid 30s. a week. He at once removed into another one. There he paid 25s weekly. # # The Eleotoe says : — ' The filthy state of the Sussex-street wharves underneath and the spread of the plague among those who work in their vicinity, if properly handled would result in a public demand for wharf resumption which could not be ignored. As a matter of fact, Sydney will always be a crippled city, commercially and sanitarily, until a wide stone quay is run round on that side of the city, backed up by a roadway and a railway, and giving direct com munication from wharf to wharf.'— If our oountry friends are wise they will take this matter ud with all the vigour and influence they can bring to bear. To carry the rail way down the eastern side of Darling Harbour and round to Circular Q-uay means giving them access to the deep waters of Port Jackson, thus facilitating the ship ment of their wheat and other pro ducts to the markets of the world. — Parhs Examiner. * * Thus the Oootamundra Herald — ' We are told that no man has done more work than Mr. Copeland in the development of the Aus tralian states. If this is true of Mr. Copeland, then the record of his deeds has yet to be written. As a member of Parliament he has been a comparative failure, whilst as a minister there is no record of good work than he can lay claim to. Elected first as a special repre sentative of miners, he developed the most conservative ideas, and showed impatience towards reforms and advances in mining legislation. He was for a long time a mere spectator or candid critic, standing aloof from and finding fault with any attempts which were made by others for mining reforms. His provisions for mining on private lands were severely handled and condemned in the general election of 1894. Then as a Minister for Lands it will be remembered that he assumed a most extremely con servative attitude in 1892-3, when he repudiated the idea that there was any demand for land that would justify the opening of the ! central leaseholds, and he held exalted ideas of the value of the lands to the state. His sole aim was revenue from the lands, to the neglect of settlement and develop ment He and bia Government, chiefly because of his narrow, con tracted, and nebulous ideas, had to be fought by the selectors, and both he and the Government were defeated, Mr. Copeland losing both his portfolio as Minister for Lands and his seat for a northern con stituency in the Assembly. Where is the evidence that he has done any good practical work in the development of Australian pro gress? We should like to have it shown to us. More than once he has had to submit to public humiliation ; and for a while he retired into private life to allow time for his rehabilitation. Yet he is now selected to fill the important and responsible position of Agent General ! It is not to be expected that he will fill it with dignity, with honor to himself, and credit and advantage to his colony ; and for the reasons stated it is our opinion that he is neither deserving of the appointment by any public service that he has rendered, nor is he capable of bringing to bear upon his office the high qualifications that are undoubtedly required in our Agent-General in London. * » Not long ago I was down the Macquarie looking for a job at anything. One day, about sun down, weary and footsore, I arrived at a water-hole and camped for the night, tuckerleas, having been refused a bit to eat at the nearest station. Shortly after I arrived a tramp came up from the opposite direction. ' Hulloa, mate,' said he, ' have you got any tucker V ' Not a ghost of a bit,' said I. 1 What about that big house you passed up there ?' I confessed I had been there looking for food and work and had been threatened with the dogs. ' I can see you have not been on the track very long,' said he, ' you wait here till I come back, and show you what I can do.' Away he went, and in due time returned with an ample feed for the two of us. Having satisfied a raging appetite, I asked my new friend how he managed to succeed where I miserably failed. ' 0 I know how to work the oracle, I am not new to the business; see here.' He took from the pocktt of his tattered coat a piece of hard caked cowdung. ' Well, I hold that in my hand, and ask for a little salt. I eay I can manage to eat it with salt, but without salt X oan't look at it.' The people are astonished, and the women ask me if I am bo reduced as to be compelled to eat stuff like that. I murmur that I am indeed compelled to eat it. Then they . pity me, and give me food.' 'Gosht, you are a bloomer,' says I, 'who else would have thought of such a thing.' — Wellington Gazette, v & A case occurred at the Armidale railway station the other night that was heartrending in the extreme. A young wife with her first-born, went to see him who had promised to cherish her leave for Sydney to join one of thee mtingeafcs. Thathe was pleased to go, and that she felt ohe was being mthlesaly deserted was evident by the manner of both parties. The poor little baby, a few months old, was passed into the carriage to him by his wife, with the remark, 'Will you leave i your child?' and the unfeeling brute recklessly pitched hie offspring out .1 of the window, with a low insulting $ remark towards both mother and ^ child, and but for the alacrity of a i- bystander the little one might | have fallen on the station platform. The mother fainted, the train moved off, ' Auld Lang Syne ' and A ' Soldiers of the Qu.en ' sent the v| patriot Sydney wards and the mother ^ and ohild to — God knows where. '-J If the wife, children, and creditors had the first claim on a soldier's ^ pay there would not be such a desire amongst a certain class to risk their precioua lives for the ;? honos? and glory of the Empire. — ; Argtw, Armidale. V # /j Interviewed by the Penny Mag a sum, Dr. Gatling, the gun inventor, j dealing with the moBt important -i qualifications for a young man J struggling for a career, said th&t; perseverance is the thing most necessary. ' A young man, or a ?V young woman either for that matter, If ought not to get discouraged, and should not worry. If a young man -fi will only persevere he has won ?'$ half the battle. I believe, too, Vf that a young man ought not to hesitate to make sacrificea for f future good. Pleasure will be sure ?;] to come in good season, and for a i young man to run aftes pleasure is ? ; simply for him to use up his capaoity « for it. 1 am a great advocate of \ temperance in all things. Excessive indulgence in anything is bad. $ Next to acquiring stick-to-itiveness, a man should cultivate ability for it embracing opportunities. He should ;l make them if he can ; but if he $ cannot, he ought to be ready to take advantage of them when they ~ '4 come, for in this day and age plenty ' 'J of opportunities are offered, if you y| will only grasp them. Then, too, there is nothing else like employ ment. In my opinion, if a young y|| man cannot get one thing to do, he should do another.' .'J| * * The Anglican Bishop of Bathurst was dropped at a wayside railway ? station at 2 a.m. — no vehicle avail- M able, and the town a mile distant. ;/l| The resourceful prelate shouldered his portmanteau and made^ tracks ' for where he saw a light glimmer ing in the distance. He found it to beaprintingoffice, with theunfor ; tunate, overworked editor comping i;' all on hie own. 'Who's there?' I ' : called out the weary man of letters in answer to his lordship's rap. 'The Bishop of Bathurst,' replied Dr. Oamidge, ' and I would be f.. obliged if you would direct me to an hotel.' ' I think you have had ;f enough di ink,' rema' ked the editor, f ' you'd hotter camp in the back i yard.' — m * We expeoted a plesant journfy out to the Cape, but we were sadly disar pointed. One incident : Each \ man had to stiip before his res peotive company officer and bathe himself in his presence, whilst the I rem inder of the officers were od the saloon deck, above the bath, viewing, criticising, and taking I foinpshots of the men in their nude state. A man was tak«n sick an l when his temperature was taken he £ was at 105-2 degrees in fever E' There was no further notice given to him. Another man died while the baod was playing selections for the officer?. If it had been one of ) their own class there would not have been a whisper.' — Private Fielding, Royal Lancasters. # # Tn a codicil to his will, tlia late Marq'iis of Queensberry said: — 'Ac my death I wish to be ere ' mated and my ashes put into the ' earth, enclosed in nothing — earth to earth, ashes to allies — in any spot most convenient I have loved. I particularly request no Christian ^ mummeiies or tomfooleries be per formed over my grave, but that I be buried as a secularist and an agnos'ic. If it will oomfort anyone, there are p^nty of those of my own faith who will come and say a few words of common sense over the spot where my ashes may lie. Places to lay ashes: — The summit of Griffle or Queensberry, m Dum friesshire ; the end of the Terrace, overlo king New Loch, Harley [?. fo d, Bucks. No monument or etone necessary or required, or procession, as ashes c in be carried I-.' m ore person's hands. Failing these places, any spot where the ^ stars shall shed their light and the sun shall gild each rising nnrn. &\- » * Mr. Ruskin belonged to the I giants of the nineteenth century. One by one they have passed into :? the great silence. We have fallen u upon a less heroic time, with v smaller figures upon the sfcnge. ii Meredith is still our great novelist, r and some of us thit,k our great % poet, Swinburne, also is still living, f; ? But both really belong to a former | period. We have no younger p -et v to set beside a Tennyson or a Bro *vn ing, no biologist to set beside a Darwin, no evolutionary champion to set beside a Huxley, no politi cian to set beside a Gladstone. The one great surviving thinker is Herbert Spencer. But his work is done ; he also belongs to the pat-t. ^ Our century opened grandly with Wordsworth, JtJyron aaa ©neuey ; and its closing quarter haa wit nessed the retirement of a num1 er of men of the 1 iftiesfc dis:inctiou. Its fiaal year leaves us vastly impoverished. Nature's creative energ-y ssems to bo lulled m Eng land But she is fertile in the unexpected, and nobody knows how soon she may produce another brood of giants, to enlighten, and lead, and inspire us, and represent us before the world. — Freethinker. 