flE S0DDE88 : A 1EM0N. PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARBANOBMENT. By RICHARD MARSH, Author of-' In Full Cry," "Tho Boefclo A Mystery, " "Tho Criino and tbo Criminal," "Tho Datchcb Diamonds," "Tho Duke hud tho Damsol," &o.;, &c;, COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XXL — (Conttntitd). 'As tv matter of fnet, while the excited gentleman was speaking,. 1 had become cuiiKcious that something interesting wjls tukiiig placo on tho platform from which 1he boat train had departed. The thing iivaH becoming more obvious every second. 'Apparently tlio railway ouicmi.s weie tuU ing more or less vigorous measures to in line® somebody to unit t lie station pre 'cinets. This )ersun, who was the euntre of a, curious and rapidly increasing crowd, .was announcing his opinions on divers suli- vjeefs, and on the subject of railway men in particular, at the top of liis voice and in Strident tones with which T seemed fami liar. A sudden premonition swept, upon nic rlliafc matters were rushing to a head; that .a few hours, a fnw urinates even, would .fcjcc tho -whole myslc.\v made clear. Though even then I had not an inkling of tho form which the explanation would take. As my .eyes wandered I saw, peeping at us from out of tho crowd, my companion' precious relative, Mr. Thomas Moore. lor some reason tho young gentleman looked as if the were half beside himself with fenr; he was pasr-y while. When lie perceived that 0 had recognised him he slunk out of sight dike a frightened cur. I glanced at the lady to learn if she .also had observed her brother. From her hearing I judged uol, I hough as 1 eyed her 1 understood thai she also had seen the signs of the timts, the shadows which com ing events were easting before, and that' she, 1or», realised that, the hour, tlic moment, was big with her fate and mine. CTTArXKll XXII. A Mikaci.K. HB hustling throng came quickly f o r- , ward. In its midst someone was being pro pelled towards the entrance. Although he was shouting at the top of his voice, he ap peared to be offering ho ae _ , tual resistance, fbut seemed rather to he regarding the pro -ccedings as » joke. In spite of the hub- nub -Mr. Bernstein's accents reached my i tar. "Did you ever hear anything like him? Jsu !» he .1. hen iffy? And that's the man who s had J don't know how much cash out of me; ft hatful ! And that's how he oes on !'' I was indifferent- to Mr. Bernstein's lam entations. As the crowd came nearer X was beginning to . ask myself if T was dreaming; if, agniu. I was about to become flic victim of a, nightmare imagining. I turned to Miss Moore. "Hadn't you— better go? Hadn't I bet- ;ter — get you nub of rlris?" J was conscious that my voice was » little ho:nse. Hers was clear a.iul resonant. Although she did nob speak loudly, it .aeemed to ring above the din. "Do? How? When it's coming face, to jiace. the light is breaking, I'm beginning ; to sec clear, and it's my call? Xo. now J U stay and piny the scene right through until Ilia curtain drops.. It was God who jnaric us miss that train." The crowd was riiitwiitg very close. Was T asleep or waking? Wen mv eves' play ing tricks, my senses leaving 'mo? What suddenly made Hie world seem to spin .round and round? Who was it- in the midst i-of the people— the man Ihev were hustling — who r.wcd and screamed? Was lie a. .creature rijnni of delirium, or a lliinir of iicsh and blood? It was from xlio girl at- my side that 'recognition first came. "It's he!" she cried. "It's ho!" It was he — the wretch who had set us sail 1\v tho ears; who hnd fooled and duped his : who lmd played upon us, as a hisb niroke, a trick whose nature, even yet, 1 did not understand. I strode into the crowd. Let me pass! Make way for me!" They made way. )t was well for them I lliey did ; the strength of a. dozen »Saiusons was at that moiueut'in iny turns. I planted myself in front of him. "How is it that you've come back — ;Jroin the gates of hell?" "Ferguson! It's you!" Ho broke into i a peal of laughter, which spoke of. .pain, not pleasure. "But J'vc nut come back! They're still stoking the fires!" He threw out his arms, as if referring to the jeering mob, which pressed upon us. "Here are the attendant demomf— unn'fc you see liiPin ?" I. continued standing still, regarding H is Edwin Lawrence, sis I live. Ed win — not Bhilin." " Yes, tint Philip — Edwin !" He laughed again. "Would you like to see the straw berry mark?-' It's there."' w Whut is this game j»' which you have been taking a hand?" "It's a gnmo of my own invention— and iters!' Ho made an upward movement with his hand. . V Jfc was from lici the in spiration cuthc. She named the .stakes, framed tho rules; started thu game, watched tho play — and with both eyes she's watched it ever since. Those eyes of hers ! They never sleep, and never blink or wink, but watch, watch, watch, all the time. They've watched me ever siueu the game began. They're watching now! She haunts and hounds me—sinto the train, and out of it. She's here now— en joying tho joke. Hark I Can't you hear her?"' Ho slopped to listen. I heard- no thing nut of (lie common, though it seemed ho did. "That's hel- laughter!" Tie broke into discordant merrimciit. "I play the part, of Echo. »Sbo bus me, body, soul, and spirit; and she thinks it such a jest!" Ho spoke as men do in fevers. L could sco that were some about us who set him down as mad. There were those who jeered, as fools will at tho sight of a. man's an guish, when, iu the abandonment of his shauic, he trails his soul in the dust. X had seen persons in his case before. He was nob mad, as yet, but; on the border line, where men light with demons. He had heen drinking to drive them back ; . but- they had come the more, threatening, on every hand, to sliuthim in forever. He knew what it whs I hey threatened. It- was tiie anguish of the knowledge which caused the sweat to stand in bends upon his brow. The railway officials, 1 fancy, took it- to ho ;l case of incipient delirium tremens. A person in authority addressed himself to me. " Are you a friend of this gentleman's, sir?1' " 1! know him well. "Are you willing to undertake the charge of liim? YVui see ho' not in a fit stale to go about alone." "I'll take chargo of him." "Then you'll be so good as to remove him from tlio station at. once. He's al ready given us move tlnui sufficient trouble." Lawrence interposed, with what ho in tended to be an assumption of the grand maimer. "My good Mr. Railway-porter, or what ever you may be, I will remove myself from your objcethmuhle station without any hint from you. My destination was Ostuiul. and is now Bimlico. This is mi acquaintance of umie, who owes, me £1,880 : hut. I don't, require him to take chargo of me. There already is somebody who. does Unit, Can't you hear her? That's her laughing." "Come," I said. " Let's get into a cab." " Thank you. T prefer walking. Nothing like exercise when you are liverish. Are yuu alone?" Miss Moure cnmc through the crowd. "No: T am with him." He stared .at; her, as if in doubt; then with sudden recognition. "All! It; is the sister of tho brother— tlie affectionate, relative of our dear Tom-— the beautiful Miss Moore! It. is like the aecno ouli of ouc of the plays, in which you ale the bright, particular star. The ghosts arc gathering round. You were there, vou saw her?" " Who ?" "The Goddess !" "Was it — a Goddess?" "That's a demon?" "What- do you mean?" She look -me by the ami. "Ask him what he means." Lawreuiie answered. " It's .not a thing the meaning of which en u be clarified by words. G'orae, and you shall see; come together— Mr. Ferguson and you." Sho looked at) mo, inquiry in her eyes. T questioned liim.. " Where do you propose to take us?" "To a. little place of mine, .where the Goddess is." "What is this stuff about the Goddess?" " Gome, and you shall sec." J. glanced at Jier. ' Let's go," sh« said. He caught her words. "There speaks tlie lady who would learn, tlm woman possessed of the spirit of in quiry." f repeated mv former suggestion. "Let's get into a cab." But ho declined. """No, I'll have none of your cnbs, TH walk. I'm cribb'd, cabined, and confined out in tho open ; in a cab I'd stifle. There's ft hand upon my heart, a grip upon my throat, a weight upon my head; they make it lianl to breathe. I'll bo in close quarters soon enough ; I'll keep out of theiu as long as I can." 1\. turned to fhe officials. "Can't) you keep these people buck? I don't want to luive them following us through the streets. The man's not drunk, he's ill." "I should get Irim into a. cab." Lawrence, lieju-ing what the fellow said, rushed at him in a fit of maniacal fury, re penting, in a crescendo scale, "You'd got mo into a cab ! You'd get me into a cab ! You'd get me into a Cab ! I'd kill you first." The man shrank back, as if fear ful that his last hour had comc. "We went out of thu station, a -motley crowd, Lawrence with Miss Moore, and me close at his heels ; behind, before, on either sido, n, miscellaneous assemblage of fools. I would have prevented hor from coming, had i. had my way. I told her so at start ing. But sho whispered in my car, "I'm not afraid. Aro you?" "I am. afraid for you — of thefcc black guards; of the mood hu's in; of where he's taking us ; of what may happen. I don't know "what devil's trick it is ho has been playing, but' I'm sure it is a devil's trick, mid there may be worse to come." "I'm safe with you." " 1 doubt it." " But 1 am sure. The light is coming; I'd like to see tlic brightness -of the day, for imne honour's sake, which I thought might ho a consideration, perhaps,' with you. Still. I'm under orders. If you bid iiie 1 will go. Bui — mayn't I come?" T could deny her nothing which sue asked in such a tone, though it were un apple out of Hdeii- But I "was gruff. " Then take my ;nvm." "I'd Iiko to.!' I know I was a fool, and should luive forbidden her to gf» with us, nor have al lowed her, wheedle as she. might, to have inn thu risk of what might bu to come; but when I felt her little hand upon my arm, T would not have laid her take it off again, not — not for a" great deal. TO TIS CONTINUED. 