In Bombay During the Plague. »; Thtra are two Bombays just now. There will be two during the 20 or 60 years that the plague may last— Bombay ;he Rainbow City and Bombay the Horrible. The latter phase is now upper most. While tbe plague lasti Bombay must continue dark end hideoup. ebided writes Julian Ralph, in 'Harpers lUgaciue') by the vulture wings of death, tainted iu water, soil, air, and food with tbe bacilli of the peslilenoe, strewn with dead like a battlefield whereon hunger, filth, and fatalism join hands with epidemic to deoimate the human swarm. This phase has already lasted oar years. The bead and heart of aooia ife is Government House— the seat of the Governor, who ranks next but one to the Viceroy in tbe official scale in India, His dinners, dances, and receptions are ?he chief fashionable events, tboaijh very fine balls are given at the Byoulla Club. Jovernment House is on a point of land dividiog the sea and harbour,iand here iB at once a park and a strong hidden fortifica tion. The 'palaee' buildings comprise several bungalows for tbe Governor, the members of bis staff, his servants, and others, as well as tents for his millitary tand. Through the courtesy of Lord Jeorge Hamilton, Secretary of State for India in tbe British Government, t waa enabled to meet Lord Sandhurst on the pleaaantest footing, and enjoyed the spectacle of a formal dance at Govern ment House, a lunch with him, and an afternoon drive through Bombay, daring which he told me, as few others eould isve done, the facto about the relations between the Government and tbe people, ?.bout the fearful epidemic which lias made his regime moat diffioult and delicate to carry on, and about the manners and customs of those of whom be always ?poke humanely as 'his people,' As I drove away, rounding the carve of the harbour, a long high wall, as of some ancient city, rose before me, and tbe sky above pulsated with red flashes. Curb of black smoke rose to emorge into a dense jet cloud which drew its miles of ength over tho bay and beneath tbe blue leavens. ' Warster 1 marster t ' cried my bearer; 'see fire! tee smoke) Plenty lindoo man burning up. All plague bodies. Plenty busy. Want see P nememoer tnat tne incense ot tne bau was fresh io my nostrils— the odour of the Bowers, the perfume of a hundred Bond street ccents. Tbe melody of tbe last waits still vibrated in my eare, and I eMld dose my eyes and still see the swajiog fieures of the bells and soldiers whom 1 had just left behind me. 'Want see, marster J Very curious,' ' Yes, bearer ; amp down,' I replied— tori cinnot pick .?kBa.fi fllutAaA kui __nt ^kh g«»Mill.U«, *._ ?uitthe eager variety of taste*, in serving which I am bnt the handle of the spoon, trough a gate in the wall the. bearer disappeared. We followed, stumbling np some steps in the darknera. and coming upon four half-naked Hindoos crouching before a little fire. These were the men whose business it was to build and light the stacks of firewood for tbe dead, who &ow; esme in each numbers that thera is :teo a ' waiting Use,' though the fires «» nicht and day, and without a panne, like those on tbe altars of Pareia. The lick notes of crude belle rang to spaed te crackling dead, the snapping and pop ping ot tbe firewood, and tbe soft but very persuasive roar of (he great pyres filled leair. We turned and faced nine faiRh Mscing pyres. It was our bearer who counted tbem aloud, while we stood silent, amazed, borrifiel. With the first sweep of our eyes we s?w the rows ot heaps of burning wood, the leaping fiaraep, here and there a bared human leg or arm protruding from the eyre*, come naked, emoslike figures with pokers cuperia tendiog tbe little bell, and other pereoas stated in the attitudes of grief in the far distance. Then the joainaiktic instinct came uppermost, and I studied the scene closely We were facing a long and narrow yard between high walk. A SmeU, shallow ditch ran the length of it near one side. B'dde this, in a row, were the pyret, each five or six feet ti&b;, and made br ?sduasj ad, tonga twi branches and sUoTtaw trataTbetirew UU,«h»far iron pillars, two oa each eide, to keep the pyres in shape. A pair of spreading trees, whose nearer leaves were shrivelled and dried, shivered painfully in the ascending currents of heat, as if they were holding their fingers io the name, and bravely re sisting an inclination to shriek with pain. Tbe skull of tbe man's or woman's body oa the nearest pyre exploded at this moment with a louit noise, -and again turned my attention to the pyres. Sevenl bare-legged, bare-breasted black men, draped about tbe upper legs and backs with smoky cotton, poked at the pyres with long iron rods. Here one seemed to be pulling an arm from tbe ember* ; there one was pushing back a leg which protruded. I epeak of black and while io describing these odious wretches, but in truth they were reddened by the fire glow to tbe color of Mephistophales' coat. Back and to the right stood ? group of motionless men and women in white, looking at tbe glowing heaps which shot up flames like fire fountains. These were tbe mourners. As we looked on- a polite man came up to our bearer and talked earnestly with him. He would not be put off from whatever he was urging. 'He says we are to go away,' said tbe bsarer, 'and that we can get pisses to come as ain.' Go away, I replied, by all means, and atonee. Again my eye swept tbe repellent soene. Above each glowing cube of fire rose tongues of flame; above these were yellow, fleeting, gaseous sheets of fire that cams and went; bifiherjtiil tbe fellow flashes turned to blue. Then came tbe blaok clouds of smoke, which blended in one grand jet mass that drifted larily away to wards tbe sea — the common pali of ail the dead. At one o clock at the Palace I could have likened my surroandings to a Mos lem's idea of heaven. Now, at two o'clock, I thought I had never been so close to bell. We were hurrying home late, yet without hope of sleeping, hag-ridden by tbe weird and terrible conditions around us. The night was abnormally quiet. Now that tbe hideous flames were at our backs, tbe only life seemed tbat of toe multitudinous and brilliant stars of the southern sky, Out of nothing, as if from nowhere, there appeared beside our car riage a figure muffled io white from top to toe. It was ehapeieiu, and yet it was human in its suggestion. It elided rather than walked or strode. Mr Weldon shud dered. ' Did you «ee that i' he aBked. Then he added, ' It was like tbe figure of Death.' ' It would hsve seemed so at home,' said L ' but hers Death marcbeB id battalions.' We leaned back ia our landau, and during the remainder of tbe journey saw only tbs snow white figures of our bearer and driver high above us, with the stars all round tbem. They also looked eboBlly. And for myself it can truly be said that from tbat bour until left India at tbe opposite sate Death rode me as if it were a witch and I was t broomstick. I was forever reading of it, having it discussed around me, seeing the dead, or tbe smoke of the pyres, or the swollen forms of the vultures that fatten on the peat. Merciful powers I wbat a monstrous place the plague has made ot India i For iuatauoe, we had but started out upon our first visit to the 'Bazar,' or native city, when we saw some coolieB carrying a corpse through tbe streets, and our boy called cheerily from the driver's seat:— 'Heel Look) Borne plague coming out I' The body wbb simply wrapped in a sheet sad carried upon two slender poles, and as its bearers bobbed along with extra businesslike rapidity, its head rolled this way and that in a manner wbicb we agreed was horrible —until we had been longer in India «u( could differentiate the truly awful and the commonplace. When Mr Weldon went to the offioe of tbe Hindoo Burial and Burn ing uommutee tie met Eour of tbe dead, each wrapped in a thin sheet, and beini burned along by shouting carriers throng the busiest fait of the Bazar. So it went on. We enoountered the dead everywhere we went, except in one place— Agra. We met them in city streets and upon country roads. We came upon them set down in a busy roadside near a city, while their camera rested from the labor of bustling them along. We found tbem arranged in rows, with their feet in the river in two cittEB. In four we eaw tbem burning, when m vimf-Aii a !?-!?. AM u»i.t.. Hill, «be urged ss to come out again and see the Towers of Silence, where the vultures feed upon the dea- -«»; 'The towers are just here, be hind those bouses, among those trees,' she said, sweetly ; 'so you oan come iu -n- see us afterwards.' At a dance, when we rested a moment, my partner murmured — ' Isn t the plague horrible ? We've bad seven servants die of it in our plaoe already.' When we were at dinner *t Oudeypore one evening our servant orged us to hurry and eeB a woman's body mrned on the open ground behind our mngalow. I remember that I saw her husband and children going calmly to the spectacle, end tbat I asked, ' Will they weep and wail while it goes on F' ' No, my bearer answered, in surprise. 'What for cry J' On second thoughts I did not see what for, and bo I kept silence. Bat, dear me I it was not only the plague that mads touring gruesome in tbat resurrected land of dead people, whose religion is s ghost of one, who preach that life is a dream, whose hopes are embalmed, and whose chief moment it a tomb. There was no ilague in half tbe places where we fount death so obtrusive. When we picked up a newepaper we were almost certain (it may have on'.y happened so) to read of some white man's sudden death of cholera vi cuwrtu w wiauub. uur neignDOT at table in a hotel would look up and say, 'Heard the news? Peters is dead.'1 'No! Why, I saw him yesterday. 'Yes, be waa playing billiards here last night, as well and hearty as cooli be. He wbb taken io tbe sight, and died before morn ng.' Or at another time it was Miss Blank who bad died 'Bhe got warm while on her bicycle, and drank some im pure water. She was dea j in five hours. 