CHAPTER II. The Exd .op the Becksixo. OW. and then stop ping to listen, Cris tin a, , was pacing op i and down her lax*' uriously Inrnished boudoir, as cap tured animals are wont to pace their cages/ In her hand she held a tele gram, which every now and again.she opened to re-read. She had only been a few weeks in her new home, for the delights of the con tinental honeymoon were prolonged by mutual consent. 4 The day was closing in, and she paused a moment by1 the window, to watch the j twilight creeping over the country. Sow quiet the garden looked, silent and un eventful, wrapt in a shadowy gloom! Sud denly, conscious of a dark figure behind her, Cxistlna turned with a.Utile cry of fear. , 44 Oh! Betty, why do you creep about in those horrid inaiarnbber shoes? You nearly frightened me to death." The old servant, who had petted Edward Leach from babyhood, and insisted upon I making a factor* in his new home, smiled somewhat grimly at Christina's alarm. 44 Your pardon, ma'am, and did you take me for a ghost?" she qoeried. 44 Yes, I have a childish terror of bogies still," confessed the young bride, in a con fiding tone, which had won Betty's heart from the first. 44 I find myself still peep ing into dark corners, for the creeply crawly things. Bo try and force those dear old feet of your's into high clattering heels." Cristina laid her long white hand on the woman's shoulder, fingers literally gut tering with jewels. Betty scanned the marble-like face through her glasses, and shook her head. "It's your nerves," she declared, adopt ing the'familiar tone of a privileged re tainer. "I don't think you look near as weU as when you come back. But there, what else can one expect for those as take up with married life!" Cristina snatched away her hand indig nantly. 44 I am quite well," she retorted with emphasis, "and as to nerves, I don't pos sess such things—when people wear proper shoes." • "I came in," continued Betty, ignoring the remark, "to see if the shutters were closed; you'd Uke the lamps now, wouldn't you?" 44 Oh, yes. Everything must look bright and cheerful this evening, to welcome my father on his first visit. But teU James to leave the right hand shutter open that. I may see the carriage lights coming np the drive. Do you know where Mr. Leach "In the stables, ma'am. Lor* bless you, it wouldn't be Mr. Eddie if he wasn't in the stables. From a Uttle fellow in frocks He was always one for horses. The folks used to caU him 4 Young Harum Scarnm V " Cristina laughed softly, and her beauti ful eyes kindled. She always enconraged old Betty to talk of Edward, and showed the deepest interest in the smallest anec dote concerning her treasured husband. 44 That means a hare-brained person who scares quiet folk," she said. 441 feel rather like that myself to-night, and shall I tell you why? It is to be an evening of re joicing—of re-unions—of family happiness; for my brother, whom I have not seen sinco I left Australia, is coming with father. I had this telegram not naif an hour ago to say he arrived in London last night." "Ah! that's good hearing! They'll come by the five o'clock train, I sup pose?" 44 No, Mr. Morrow is staying with friends, about ten miles oft, and my bro ther went there this morning; they will drive over. Have you seen all my arrange ments, Betty? I've packed the honse full of Bowers to make it- look festive. It smells like a wedding, doesn't it?" Cristina buried her face in a great Queen Aunebowl of lilies—a wedding present vase set in a massive trellis work, with golden boughs of cherries wound round it in fes toons. " The table for to-night," she continued, gleefully, "is a perfect dream! I ar ranged it with my own hands, much to the disgust of James, who thinks his decora tions highly-artistic. Go and look, Betty. Turn on the electric light, and you will see the little coloured lamps glitter out from the flowers and leaves like Aladdinrs jewels in the fairy garden." As Cristina was talking a step in' the hall reached her ears. She swept past Betty, and with a cheerful 44 Is that you, Ted?" slipped her arm through her hus band^, and led him in to the lire. " You've been away from me for half-an hour," she said, perching herself on the arm of his chair and kissing him fondly. "I have been ever—ever so dull without you." He flung his arms round her, and held her closely, while Betty, pausing in the doorway, murmnred a fervent " God bless them!" before carrying the story of their devotion back to the servants' hall. 44 It's just beautiful to see 'em together," she stud, raising her hands and her eyes with pious enthusiasm. 44 For all she looks so proud, there's no hoity-toity about her." Cristina, with glowing eyes, spread out her telegram, on Edward's knee. 441 am so glad, dearest," he said, read ing the contents. 44 It. will seem strange to your brother to find yon married, and I snail be delighted to meet him, you may be'sure." She knelt on the hearthrug with the fire light playing on her face. 44 When I was in London the other day," she said, 441 bought you a little present, but' was afraid you might think it silly. You know I am rather supersti tious, and this is a charm which ! want you always to keep in your pocket—for my. sake." She handed him an envelope. He opened it curiously, drawing out a small gold chain and dangling from it a fair-sized ruby, clasped by a gold claw. Cristina swung it- backwards and forwards in the firelight. 44Look at the colours," she said.! 44A ruby was supposed, you know, by the alchemists, to prolong life indefinitely." She kissed the jewel with a theatrical little gesture and held it out to him. 44 Take from my hands the Elixir of Life," then quoted in a soft, purring voice: 44 4 He that has once the flower of the sun, the per fect ruby which we call Elixir, can confer honour, love, respect, long life, give safety, valour, yea and victory, to whom he will.*" 44What a sweet child it is!" exclaimed the man, taking his wife's face between his hands. 44 But you are 4 the flower of the sun,' and your lips my elixir of life. Still, I shall treasure the ruby, darling, and never let it out of my keeping." He dropped the charm back in the enve lope, on which was written, 44 To Ted, from his adoring wife," and put both in his pocket together. 44 They ought to be here directly," look ing at his watch. 44 Not just yet. You see, they aren't i coming by train, as I recently explained | to the Sack-worm." I 441 can't think why you have given poor 1 Betty snch a nasty name," he said, laugh kg. •*I am a bitof a biologist,"' replied Uris tina, "and she makes me think of a sack worm. It was quite funny to-day; I went out in the garden without a hat, and that poor old thing came running after me, the white strings of her«cap flying in the wind. She muffled me round in an enormous shawl, which I discarded the moment I was out of sight I left it on a seat in the shrubbery. Oh, how dreadful of mc! The poor Sack-worm's best shawl, too! I must fly and fetch it before she discovers. The dew is falling. I might have left it there all night-; how lucky remem bered." Cristina ran to the garden door, fol lowed by Bounce, Edward's Irish terrier, who had been sleeping on the hearthrug, curled round against her gown. She picked up her trailing skirts, revealing a pair of dainty beaded shoes and thin open work stockings. "You can't go out in those little slip pers," cried Edward; " besides it is dark and cold. Let me fetch the shawl." " How good of you, dear!'' replied Cris tina. " I would send one of the servants, but I don't want Betty to know." She snatched Bounce up in her arms, watching her husband vanish in the gloom. Bounce struggled to free himself, anxious to be after Ms master, but Cristina held him firmly. Then she called to Betty. "I wish you would shut Bounce up in your room, my father has such a dislike to dogs." Bounce was a great favourite with old Betty, who bore Mm away good-naturedly. Cristina followed, to make sure the dear dog was all right, and stood for a time talking to Betty on the threshold of her snug sitting-room. After this she returned to the boudoir, and raug for a log to crown the great mass of flaming coal, drawing forward chairs in readiness for her guests. The wind was rising outside, and as she listened for the carriage wheels, she could hear the trees rustling and sigh ing, while the wailing round the house seemed to Cristina like a creature in pain, beating itself against the window. She stood with one elbow on the mantelpiece, and one foot on the fender, waiting—wait Presently the long-expected sound broke on her ears, the crunch of wheels over the gravel, and the clatter of a horse's hoofs. A half-trembling sigh as of suppressed ex citement broke from her lips, she ran out into the hall, while the bell was still pea!* ing. The wind rushed in with the opening of the door, stirring her laces. She could hear her father's voice saying: ''We haven't brought a man. Would you send to tho stables for someone to take the horse!'" Two figures sprang down from a high dog-cart to the steps, and a moment later Cristina was greeting her relatives with hearty hand-shakes and affectionate kisses. "How splendid to s$e you again, Al bert- 1" she cried, looking up at the tall dark brother, who appeared somewhat con fused by the warmth of her greeting. "You should have come back earlier ia time for my wedding—but better late than never, so I'll give you my blessing. And how is the poor old" dad?" (helping him off with his overcoat, in spite of the foot man's outstretched hands). "Getting over the loss of his little Cris?" "By degrees, my dear, by degrees; I am not as young as I was, and can't be hurried. 4 Many daughters bare done vir tuously,' you know tbe 'old saying, *but thou excellest them all !' A man doesn't lose bis right band for nothing, be needs to practise doing without it! But where is Edward?" * '• 44 Ob, he'll be here in a minute. Ted!" she called, "Ted! Hare you come in?' Tso answer. 44 Never mind. I long for a little cosy chat over tbe fire with -you and Albert. What a lot we shall have to talk about after our long separation I" She took her father by one hand and Albert by1 the other, In order to show them the way. 4 This is my boudoir," she was saying, when a strange sound caught her ear, and she paused, a wondering expression on her face. "What was that?" It seemed as t if someone had rushed rildly up the steps, and fallen heavily against the hall door; yet for a moment afl was still - John and Albert Morrow stood listening with Cristina between them. Then, before either spoke, the bell pealed furiously, two hands were beating on tho door, and a voice cried "Help!" in loud despairing accents. The butler and two footmen came hurry ing forward in qpswer to these signals of distress, but Cristina was before them. Her eyes alight with courage, her face flushed" by surprise, she flung back the massive door. A man staggered in, white to the lips and hatless, unable to speak from running, and dizzy with some name less terror. He looked at them each in turn, panting, shivering, dazed. 44 Who is it?" whispered Albert. "Millard, the gardener. He must be mad!" replied Cristina, shrinking back, 44 or," struck by a fresh idea, 44 something may have happened." She moved quickly to his side, a sudden fear seizing her, and putting her hands on his shoulders, shook the quaking figure standing speechless in their midst. 44 What's the matter?—Speak, man, can't you, for God's sake?" Her voice broke oS as the ore awful word, "Death!" fell from his lips. « "Death! Death!" he cried, "and mur der—ay. murder! Down there in tho shrubbery," pointing through the open door out into the dark, windy night ?* They've killed him dead—the master— the master—and I tumbled—ay, tumbled— over his poor body ag'in the sent." A sharp, shrill "scream stirred the air, re-echoing again and again "with blood curdling distinctness through the hall—a scream which - brought men and women running to the spot, some huddling in little groups away from the central figure of tragedy, others with outstretched arms ready to support their grief-stricken mis tress. But she pushed them all aside, and, grasping her father by the hand,: Ragged him out through the open door. *' Come! Ccme 1*' she gasped in short, " hysterical accents. 44 It can't be true; we must see—see for ourselves. I won't believe it until I see !" The household followed, hurrying hither and thither, while Cristina's agonised cries uriii pierced the gloom. Old Millard, the gardener, grew calmer as the general confusion increased. He pautcd out an explanation to the butler. "I raised an alarm at the stables first on my way up to the house. I shouted to the fellows nigh loud enough to split my lungs, for I could see nothin' but the master's white "face and the blood on the ground. They are bringtn* 'im back now, but I came on ahead to break it gently like to the poor lady. She'll take it hard, you'll see; shell take it hard. The police and the doctor will be here in a minute, for Jim tfas eft on Ids bicycle before the word 'murder''had scarce passed my lips. The scoundrel can't 'ave got far—curse 'im —who stuck a knife into the best hear* beating." •The old man burst into tears, but the sound of ids sobbing was carried away by the wind, which, droned its doleful dirge through tha shruhberv trees. 