ON TIlE RELIEF OF LADY. SMITH. How did we take the tidings? Why, weren't you here for the sight? You call this a drowsy town, my boy, but it wasn't on Thursday night! Were we pleased? Did we get excited? Did they seem particular glad? Why, the whole of the town went crazy went stark, staring mad. The guns came thund'ring at midnight, waking us out of sleep; We crowded out-we knew what they told! -like a nonster flock of sheep, And we yelled ourselves hoarse with sing ing, and shouting, and yelling Hur ray! And not a jack of us left the streets till daylight dawned next day. And bonfires blazed, and people danced as never they danced before, And bells were ringing over the town as never they rang of yore; The women forgot they were women - thought they were soldiers too You'd have thought they'd done it all themselves, they were making such an ado! I never saw such a thing in my life, with all the flags a-flying, They called "Hurrah! Well done! Well done!" and then fell laughing and cry ing. Well, I don't blame them! I did the same, or nigh did, at any rate Here, I'm getting that worked up, old boy, that my pen won't carry straight! You know old Jacob O'Reilly, who wanted the fBoers to win? Well, hoe's as deaf as a beadle, and was sleeping through all that din! We tore down the street, a-shouting, and rousted him out o' bed, Some of us "whispered" the news to him; you bet, though, lie heard what we said. We pulled him out of the blankets, and wrapped him round in a sheet, With a belt of pillow slips round him we led him into the street. He was half asleep till lihe heard them shouting and singing Hurray! But he woke at the sound of the shouting, and tried to creep away With the sheet a-trailing round him, like a spooki abroad in the night, Or more like the ghost of a frowsy Boer. come to look on the sight. We mounted him on a garden wall-'twas the jolliest sight o'er seen! And made him shout "Rule Britannia!" and "Soldiers of the Queen." We covered his sheet with a Union Jack. and stuck a flag in his hand; You'd have thought a stauncher patriot never stepped in the land. And we made him drink "Bobs" and Kitchener, and Buller, then "Bobs" again; And though he tried to slip in Kruger and Cronje, he tried in vain. So much for Jacob; but read awhile, the town's tricked out so gay With banners and flags and Union Jacks a-waving night and day. The atmosphere reeks with patriotism! the whole world's mad. I ween; The dogs howl "Rule Britannia" and bark "God save the Queen." At daybreak the cocks start crowing (you can hear them plain as can be) "Boys of the old brigade," boy, and "Sons of the mighty sea." The butchers and milkmen sing and shout as they clatter down the street; The very time of the soldiers' songs seems stuck to the soles of their feet. They march to the tunes. and each one cheers as he waves the flag in his cart. Oh. doesn't it show how the love of Old England echoes from heart to heart? i Three cheers for the Queen! Here, Hur rah again!-Why, boy, it's just as I said I'm like the rest of the world just now, gone "clean off my head!" Good-by, the bushmen are leaving now; no more to-day from me; a But when next a Ladysmith is relieved may you be here to see. r -BERTHA S. ADAMS. u . eafrI. 