'WHAT SHE COULD.' (By the Right Rev. Ernest R. Wilberforce, D;D., Bishop of Ohichester). Preached in the Parish Church, Brighton, Fri day afternoon, October 26, in connection with the annual conference of the National Union of Wo men Workers. 'She hath done what she could.'— St. Mark, siv., 8. It has been -well said, my brethren, that the patfhos of human nature can only be adequately interpreted by God w'ho has created that human nature. You will know well what I mean, the inseparable difficulties that seem to confront us, che entangled webs fchat are stretched before us, the circles of wrongdoing that are round us and going ever in that vicious circle so that cause seems mingled with effect and effect to be 'working back into cause; the 'problems of our own nature which .must be to everyone amongst us who really thiniks- such a matter of great perplexity, knowing ourselves to be not tlhe same one day quite as we are another. Yes, difficult; enough, sometimes, . to understand ourselves.. God alone can understand tihe full pathos of . that human, nature and its cause. He sees all; we see one pa«t.only, and very often only a little 'bit of tihat one part. We take partial views. God takes the whole view. . And yet perhaps it is still more difficult to understand tihe magnificent patience of our God— why He does not stamp out once for all the sin, and the misery, and the injustice, and tfhe ill-doing, and . the impurity that there is in this world below; why He bears with all this. Well, again, I suppose it is because He sees the whole question. We see but one segment of that question; and you and I cannot fit in 'tine* pieces. It seems to us sometimes to be a 'helpless puzzle, and #he patience . of our God is expl'ainied by the perfection of His views. - You have done well at .tihe conclusion, of your deliberations' to bring your work 'for fresfli consecration before 'tfhe throne of God. You, a Union, national in character, seek ing to gather up into- itself all of whatever denomination itihey may be, or wtebever »tfhe yiew» wiey maxe zsme, seeKing to gait-ner up imto itself all tihe earnestness of the women workers in England, for you there are, I think, suggestions in the text which may help you in doing your work on right lines, and may 'help you, perhaps, in hours that come, I suppose, ito every one, 'hours I mean of weakness, Inours of darkness, 'hours when, it seems to be no use tb go on any longer, When we feel inclined to say, 'I am mot better than my fatihers; take me, 0 my God.' ... I would ask you, then, to t'Mnk with me briefly this afternoon upon one or two of these points; and 1 will not stop to con sider with you at this moment who or ex actly what, this woman was, whether, as some tell us, she was reduced to the lowest degradation in the streets, or whether she was once rich, caressed, flattered, dowered with a fatal gift of beauty, one self -con tred and wholly selfish upon whom at last the constraining influence of Christ had fallen. Anyhow, she was one from w!bom certain qualities of evil had gone, she was one into wfhom certain influences had come, who now exhibited in the greatest possible man ner her devotion to her Lord whota she had learned to love, and -poured with all a womanfs power, -the token of her selfsac rifice before Him. And it is to her action, to its significance, to jts full and gracious acceptance that- 1 would very shortly ask your attention this' afternoon. 'She hath done what -she could.' It was? her best, it was her choicest, at was hermost costly. There was here no dilatory following after a 'fashion because we do not like to be left out of it; here was no trifling withtUie tre mendous issues tlliat circle round life; here there was no pliant following some one who was some leader of thought. She thought for herself; she acted fdr 'herself; with the figure of her Master before her, it filled her eye, it;sati«fied (her cravings; she could. do no less but pour out all she had, she! could do no Jess than do all that was possnoie 10 ner — sne am wnat sne could. Then comes the quiet saying so deep in its meaning, echoed to-day as the incentive to every woman who would really serve the Lord God her Master. 'She hath done what, she could.' And then,' again, the tender consideration that may help us so wonderfully at times. Her best! Well, perhaps it did not mean very much; but it was all she had to give. The effect of her doing was transitory. Probably, she did not understand! herself the full sig nificance, of her action; but it was, caught up into the mighty purpose of God; and God showed that - that action, coming as it did jfrom the well-springs of a devoted heart,- was one that really had its influence upon Jthe.eternaly counsel of God, , Her best* There is . our lesson, dear iriends^dr you and for me as ?weOJ. We are notjb aM rich, vk are not all influential we are not all eloquent, we are not all powerful; and yet if our best is done, and ?dome fori-Crod, itipasses on' into ihsit won drous purpose of I AhnigWty God, predeter mined in! the council chamber of God before tihe foundations of the world, and it bears, j'fcs effect in working out tfoe purposes of God. WJhiait we are aJbte *o do by '.'such a motive, for surih a purpose, will :bear fruit by-and-toy; . You and I may not be able lo see it}-1 tJhene may^be for us none of the joy of H)he conqueror; our- twV-rk may 'be done ?.mainly through disoouragremenlt, sometimes ?mltik ? tear*; -we may pemaps be .juat lake ?bhSbae .'who creep down tihe 'Winltry farrows 'sowing; and sowing . broadcast, the seed, leavingvit ttfhere in .?tihe'tiare of God. tffi by fand-by «rtw' Reaper ootrie to gather in the harvest feed Ktoaf -ia-truly sown.; seed tibait bears within ftt 'taiegerm of life jfrom God vp]l never perirfb/ifc1 wtl assuredly bear its ,fruitfc;v. j.-, ; -.*«. - .' r - - r ?. = ;' -' And Onen:onice''miore,^orl tfilli&ofc;'lrtiep you !Wng.':The Lord 'God1 showed Jttoe'Bwm boliffm of tlhe act— 'she (hatti wniatnted. Ms body for liihe burying.' And), oX rememW, my fiieadls, all -tifa*at tihait 'burial implied— first of ail ttflie crucifixion', and the -mighty power of itfoe atonement, Chlat deatih meant Bis resurrection, tha't HJhe resurrection im plied lids' ascension, that ascension im elied' sitting tait *!he' rjg-h't hand of tod; and sitting at the rigiht hand of God implied the iulfflmienifc of every promise 'that ithe Lord of heaven has given— 'tihe penlfcaoostel blessing to the Church below, and the establishment of that Church on earth. Before us to-day, then, again, there is the body of pur. Lord, the Church of God on earth, stall perhaps in many instances in the house of Simon tne leper, among many who are wandering careless and many beaten down under the temptations of the world, tossed to and fro in the dark waves of the ocean, many perplexed, many full of doubt, many unable to pray with any satisfaction in their heart, many in tne toils of Satan; yes, the body of Christ be fore us, and still there is need of tlhe choicest ointment. What to-day does the Church of God look forward to? Not to the darkness of the . grave, not to that lowly sinking into that unknown darkness unaccompanied by the love of any human friend — no, not to that. As we read the pages of our -New Testament they glow with the light of the promised Second Com coming of the bridegroom. that He may take to Himself His bride without spot or wrinkle. Consider; ours it is, ours the members -of the Church of God on earth to prepare the bride for His coming. My brethren, here is the solution of that question that is passed to and fro, whe ther our work is to be by individualism, or whebher it is 'to be 'by collectivism. Neithter by itself is right. Together they form *he perfect Whofe. In the Church o'f God tihey are united, for upon what does .tihe perfec tion o'f the whole depend but upon t)he per fedtion of each individual ?tihat composes that whole; y'our work and mine, t[he work of each individual gathered up into tihe counsels of God, tihat -work passes into 'tfhe time collectivism as it affedta and helps for ward the wh-6le body of the Church of God. I would say 'bo you, and) it 'is but a trite saying, 'Begin again your work at home; yes, 'be intimate enough.' in -tftie home of your own heart, in t)he microcosm of your own life;' and' if you are ia'ble Ho discern for yourselves 'alt once 'the words spoken, 'She 'hiath dlonie what she oou3d,' first, wlhiait seems possible within tlie narrow con fines of your 'awn heart, you cannot pre vtent that work from ?circling in'to the world around. If 'tihe body o'f tttie Loud be tihe object of your own Work, then every act will be caught up into the purpose of God. My sisters, it is for women to ennoble womanhood. She is *yhe Mpmeet, not helpmate, according ;bq t!he cant phrase, of mian, m»t in front of 'him as master, not be-, hind !liim as slave, not on a pedestal as a idayUhnog, but by his side h'is -s-mx-anion, wHhet'hler in t!he d'ifiiculties, or whether in the pleasures, or whether in iH\e work of life; her place, so far as sfae is alble to keep pace with 'him, is by Qiis side. And in all 'there will be that which we took 'for in woman liood, tihere will be 'tih'at witJh -whiclh ^he is specially donvered— ? :her faculty for self sacrifice. To women it is given to do some 'tilings 'tfhaib men cannot attain to, just as men have the power to do some tlhiings outside ayh« sphere of women; but to j*ou it is itfh&t; 'we look for the ennoble ment of all 'womarfbood. You, tihat is *he best of j-ou, are ever 'on the side of peace, and of puritjr, and of noble deeds, and of tugh. and srplend'Kl aspiratMn. It is gu-en to you to ennoble t'he idea of life; your motive etemld 'be the 'body of the Lord whom you have learnt tk- love, and to wliom you seek to give your best, your strength, and all the power bestowed upon you by God the Holy Ghost. Never le't it be forgotten tihat it was by 'tlhe hands o'f the first woman ereaifced on 'earth that the opp-or-fcun'iity of sin was ?offered to man; never let it be for gotten tbsit ia't 'tihe .iaijamation., Mien tihe sacred feet of Christ were 'breading 'tihe hills and valleys of JudaSa, the (hands of women were eanictified in the miinistrations that tdiej- offered to their Lord. Now ilt is for those 'hands so consecrated, wot onily to main'tain but to increase tflia't wealtlh. We want greater power; and we want, there fore, greater strength of faith in1 the Church of God; we want to return to someit/hing like the simplicity of the M'fch 't!hat afforded direobi'on to t'he feet of tihe early Christians. My brethren, if such a renewing of faiith, such an increase of faith were poured out upon tile Church of God, . would not tlhe work that ytou are so strenuously engaged in be rendered singularly easy? 11' the Church o'f God in t'he power of that faith were to join its ranks and to break up its dissensions, if it were simply to understand that prayer ds wisdom, that the hand of t lie ?Lord God w not ^lnortened, and that it is almost infidel to say of some kinds of sin and of some forms of evil, these tihings al- ] ways have been, and tihese things always will be, you cannot change human nature. It is riot true; it is assuming that Satan is master of this world, and not Chidst our God! ])f we had the simple faith o'f the early Christians we should t-e like a mighty army, irresistible in the power of that sim ple faitfh; tihere would be fortresses stormed; and there would be garrisons where tfhey are sorely needed now; and we should be able to perform the work com mitted, to us. Look you to it, my sisters, that you up hold every 'high and noble aim 'that you are aible to uphold because in your heart is sshown itlhe majesty of liflie 'Lord -y-u Jove and of the Lord you serve; then your words, then your deeds, Mien your prayers, t'hen your intercessions, then your inttu-. ence over others will be utterly iinmeasur alble, for there will go out from you that power df love that -will bring others into something of the some kindled condition as that in which you yourselves are living. Never relax your efforts; never lower your motives, that upon you may descend the benediction of those blessed words, and that your name and deeds, unknown it may be to the world at large, may be emblazon ed upon the records .above and be passed to and fro upon the mouths of- angels of God as thev declare the wonders of the GoRpel of Christ. . : ? . 