OUR .ItfELBOURNE LETTER. Mr iplbki M.L. A., is eyIdeally one of those who" dearly lovea to bear the Bound of hie ova .-Voice and' be pouBesees all the nalural confidence of the'Jew, On Thursday night he occupied a great deal of:, the time of the House in oritioietDg.the - Edao&tioa; Depart* oaent. bat most of the,remarks had tbe ap> pearaoce of beiqg "got up" over the "midnigbt oil," and there waa nothing very new in.what he^aid.. Owing, however, to his lbbg speecli .seVer'al members were deprived of anopportumtybf spiking on the Education Estim'afcea. A discursive sort of discbs- •ion arose on Friday evening oyer the soppie mental you flay of the. department, teach era' salaries, and the continuance of" payment by results. Th'e Govemroeot undertook to bring the Teachers' Bill before (hie session closed, and this waa^expected to settle the teachers; grievances. Onitb^'whole - Parliament of late has not heenSrery interesting, and '"'hob.' membeis are arixioaely waifciDg for there oess. It .is no doabt anything but pleasant working at law-making -during the height of anoiiftferi'but the: House suffers as much froji tbeioQg,.tedious and often utteily irrelevant speeches of its members as it does from the heat. One doeajiot' like to forget the pro* verb, Dt mortiua nihil nisi bonum, but, as one whohad to'report him OD several occasions, ^cannotforget what a tenible inflict tion poor old John Laurens, who.diied some years ago while member for North Melbourne, was in the Assembly. He spoke at great length and practically,said the same thing over'and • over' again, abd while his auditors .were showing signs of restlessness he every now,.-Bod then smiled at tbem, which had an-irritating Tather than a soothing effect One good feature the Labor Corner does <possf3«--tbere: is nbti. really long winded ma a among them—atihy-iate since Prcndergustlost his seat," It is strBflge ybow the meaning of sentimente^'obabgti .LW'.ith the' cheoging.years." Dickens, in^is work, " Martin Chuzzlewit," haa a{-sentence wbjch runs thue—or something 1 very fikelt— " It waa r noiv ml (fright and-the silbnee of death was coffined in- the sleeping oity." . He was writing of London —rthe -world's »metropolis, and • the busiest and noisesl cjty.in the world-even in his day.' Melbiourde-is only about the size of a couple of : London suburbs, .but , the age of what Dickens was writing has long since passed away, and,' the state of things at midnight no.w'in* - 'London is no doubt very different. Taking even Melbourne, comiog down from the Houses of Parliament one evening in time to catch ti few minutes' past midnight suburban : train, I thought of Dickens's words, and how little there waa of the silence ; of .death" or indications . of a • 4 sleeping oity 5 ' _ around me in the capital of Victoria in the year 1900, althoogh it waa olose on the? witching • hour. J> Certainly the hotels .were 'shutr-outwardly any bowbat \- saveloy, mea bellowed out the excellencies of. their wares, fruit and oyster shops were' openj .'tram ..belie clanged, engines whistled at the isilway stations, -hansoms dashed to aod -fro, knots of. people in Sourkr street were arguing nb'out come racing mat teia, the electric' light shed its white radiance over the ' streets and eide.walkis, club and cafe upstair windows weie ablaze with light, and .as ; aconstable said to me'V.'Any fine night the city .never' really rests at all especially if it is warm aa well" -Betides mil this the newspaper offices are ^bf scene of activity all through tbe night, the ^ooris traffic and 'shhntir-g operations -in the roilway yards goes on, and a together the "deathly quiet of the midnight hour" is a thing of the past in great cities, although of course in small hamlets or m the bush it io aa impressive 'as *w. But modern habits have knooked tbe romance an3 sapersiiiion out of midnight, and although there have been attempts to get up "uncanny stories" about bouses in Melbourne, and what was to be seen in them;at' 12 o'clock at night, the s of the ghost story revivers has not been very great. .1 have heard of .ghosts in the bush—from " Fisher's" downward, but the midnight yells of -the Melbourne saveloy man, and the.dazzle all night through of the electric light ia too much' for any decent.' spectre. A Dr. Samuel Peacock, of Fitzroy, has been arrested on;a;cbarge--ofperforming an illegal operation ,oo a young woman, and his solicitors have written to the press of Melbourne stating that he deuies the trulb of the cijargc in toto, and asking that in view of the pcssibilityiof detectives' sensational, statements ibeiug- published ex parte about this case they would point out that their client has an-unblemfohed record of 30 years, and has confidence in. completely establishing his innocence. From the very one-sided statements I have seen published in the papers respecting - persona arrested by the detectives I think this letter quite called.for*. The deteotives get hold of the reporters— es pecially of our only evening paper—and tell them what they think about the case. The fact that it is a jury who have to do the tbinkiog aa regarda the prisoner's guilt or innocence is quite overlooked by the zealous law officer and the pressman eager for anything in the shape of sensatiooal copy. I have seen a man's previous convictions mentioned io the press while be is on remand. This is most improper, and any constable giving information to the pi ess about a prisoner's antecedents, till at any rate the man is convicted and sentenced, should be dismissed from the force. I know nothing of Dr. Peacock, cxcep'i I knew there was such a medical man in Fitzroy, but it seems to me his solicitors have taken a very neces aary course, but it is scant compliment to the fairness of the detectives and the common sense—not to say common decency— of the Melbourne press that such a course should need to be adopted. Accotding to the Bailway Department the Boer troubles have attested the traffic arrangements. Some years ago there were great complaints as to the insufficient supply of trucks for the carriage of wheat from the country to the coast, and it was said that quantities of bags of wheat went bad because they were left on shelterless platforms exposed " to every stonny wiod that blew." The last two year3 the Department have, just before the wheat season, put men on at the Newport workshops to work night and day at the_construction of trucks and waggons, and io consequence a good supply of rolling stock has been available. This year it appears, hoirever, that large quantities of fodderfar the troop horses of the British force in Africa are now being sent to ibe seaboard, and there aretbiee ships at the Williamstown pier loading with this kind of caigo. i 1 This fodder must, I presume, be prepared iu some way, and perhaps is the result of the ensilage syetem the Earl of Hopetbun took such an ioterest in when be was Governor of Victoria Apart, however, from the partial blocking of the wheat traffic ow-. ing to the war, it is feared it will delay certain locomotive and other railway construction sobemes, The special iron and steel manufactures, it is anticipated, will nob tie so easily got as formerly, owing to the fact that the'artillery orders are keeping the iron and steel factories of Europe very busy, and are likely to do so for some time to come. . Everybody has beard of Whitaker's Alma* nao'and the original compiler used to tell the following story about it. It appeared that among the information he desired to procure waa that of the salaries received by certain functionaries in the Impsrial Civil Service. He applied to three of those per sonages themselves foi the information, and was, in effect, politely shown the door. He thereupon hit npon a novel and bold method of getting out of the difficulty. He put salaries opposjte these officials' names in his famous, almanac, but the amounts were purely imaginative. * - The effeot was instan> t&oeous;, and gave the author the information he desired. Those whose salaries were undent ated did not like to look poorer on paper than they really were, while those who were put down'os ceoeinog more than they got in reality,'had visions of their creditors and the in&omb.tax;: assessors before thrir eyes, the coDicquence being that Mr Whitaker was promptly supplied with the correot figures in every «a«e. Our bishops who are imported from EnglafafllMem to have • better opinion ot the so- Imetyottb'ecomma oity than some ot our Australian appointed dfgaitaries—the judges i of the Supreme Court to S wit, uorhoute said that drink was by. no means the besetting sia of Victoria, and his successor, Dr. Go's, in a circular to the oleig'y last week on preaching sermona on temperance on % certain Sunday, admits that druokennets fa ere—even fb proportion to the population—does not prevail to the same exteot aa in Great Britain and Ireland. He goes on to, in a wfcy,'-qhility this by aaying that nevertheless the. judge* and polico tnagier tpates lay.a great deal of .the crime tbey are called 00 to punish at the door of exoessive indulgence ip alcohol, but still the bishop, fit Is evident, does^not regard drink as th mateat foe the church In this land has to right. . 'Mr Jnatioe flodgea, on the other band, tnd colleague, Mr Jnatioe Hood, ttkipg th« or^mintl btuiueu iu the Su- preme Court, j>flen .gives expression to .aucb senti ments.aV the ciilendar. this snonth ;t>e* gins and ends with drink.," or.:" I- have had ao many piibonera before me this session, and with onb' J jo„r :two "exceptionsi 'drink has brought tbem all.under the criminal law." Stilll am disposed to agree with the wearers of the lawri'sleever rather than those of the scarlet and ermioe in tins matter.. Drink, rio donbt, is responsible for a', great amoun of xfime, but there is a great deal of laxity of moral which ."does not come under that deboVnination, Bishop Moo'rhouse was right, as a mattei^of fact, when, in his usual '-.Straight jfrom the shoulder" fashion, he declared, ip sonorous toneB, in the Church of England Assembly, eighteen^years ago, "Vthe besetting ain of Melbourne and the colony is—aborrible.impurity." ^Ohedesson to be laid to heart by England a* a .result of the war against the Boers is that the whole spiiitof cunning and.trickery which'exists among savages^ when fighting, is'reproduced in white raeh\under the high ao'unding names of diploma'cy and strategy. *nie Boers, as a* whole, may not be a refined or a .civilised lot, but their envoy : Dr. Leyds, is thelaome of abolished JesuitIt seems, tbrongh bis agenls.attiambnrgb, he aotuaUy persuaded the British 4?overnmenr that certain.German vessels were, carrying contra-' t^and of war, when their cargo, in reality, wasmoothing of^the eort, in oidei to induce England tb, seize these vessels—which she did—and thus bring about, a ' quarrel with Germany; and although this arrow fell abort of; the brark it might not have been so ineffectual had GermaBy'a navy been anything like ^ip to the standard of tbe British fleet in!number and Efficiency. There is a great id^ in the British military mind .of " fight*; ibg fair and in the open," but craft must' be metijy craft, and.it is evident that the Empire's-foeawill's tick at no lies, or frauds' to bring about-her discomfiture. Treaties and decisions of conferences \will leceive slight respect from, .combatants like Russia and France in the nest European.war. The former baa, torn up; the Black Sea treaty long S£O, and in defiance) of its: provisions RUBsian wsr vessels a team t all over the surface of the Eusine. -France states ber intention of regarding : the declaration of the Treaty of Paris that *•privateering is, and remains abolished" as naught the next time she draws a sword agarnst England or any other maritime'power, and affirms her determination to grant facilities for th* equipment and manning of vesselb of marque to any person or p?raons disposed to do so; in fact, says she will enoourage the placing in commission of a number of these <( licensed pirates.^ If then, we coffiei to blows witb our old foe of Trafalgar an'd-Waterloo in the future— and there are>plenty of indications of the possibility.of ; 8uch an event—our : o'nly course will be to say/"If you are goipg to start privuttering.' twbj oan play at that igaime," and oo doubt the're ' will: be found among British sailors men - of the Francis Drake type,- who rwill 'Oay alongside" Frenoh merchantmen wiih all the energy of the mnriners^of.tbe.EUzabetban age, while for every ship ^rau'oe"builds Britain can . easily con stru.ct two. . 