THiE (AHO8EN 'MAt \--.. .. (IlY TH7! p -AUTHOR;OF~ " OLD SitNE Q3JfAPTER 'lI.-(Continudil.) A J?i?e was so well known. to the .panr. ir A Oe was trlueking, he ,knew it be sAtild 'him to tluow then.atoff tihe track: 'h <order to more certaiily run them, faeoartsh. 'There was to be & gamead enteratain maent iut the house 'of a certain pro-i amiu1nt, Sea.mtor. Honace ' ect a' Somur friend on tihe street, the son ot another Snastor, who requested his company to' tdhlc enter-. tuinmiel.t nanmel•. A strange impulse, for 'which our I-ru could not accoun1t, led 'him to ac cept the invilatiin. le ras to lemve Wasthig'ton on the following daS; wlhy not4.just once enjoy ithe dlighits ind:spllen,2ht-.s of society? -ie hlad .takenihis frieb? into his con fidence, inJl .n -'transgo -whim caused him to claim the .privilkge of being in trcluccd ~nder an? ?su mcd name. JHis reason 'was, that lie l wished ,to e:qierilmentln his dieg~lise. His young friend, theliSenatorC?son, was his only Uriaidsn Clt. 's off-nnd Laireniet Clark 'dies an oil-handed, .tevil-ma~en tire ortent youth, wlio liked to e?nRlge irl au3ttfitle sche?me nwhere it wan titer fuaeenr mystery. lhnaee Alde'az ' ordlinaerily wore theavy 'hleiskers euti'?.a moiustchle. 'Ititise wein ntenrrett einl a. certain emytttecrious staisl ?a pplied to his cm pltextito ehltUgttttljim wonderfully, and ye.t Ire preset?nit tihe aipeflraene of aL reeiniikbely hea?ndsoele auna distingeish el-lnI?hking ycotttfl man. Mienag Clcl;hi told himn that the p1rin 1fpll re'sont W" desi'ing his presence I e enlte' t hliimenit, w?i;s to plInt out to`liim le oe 'id.he moist hecutife. fiaces !het.ladl ever .ehileld. ftihe hlon of ::tten.ance, at th are'nd Steutorial sol-iee' leni d ric-ved, eil?l ie ite' formii 'lme"it Ai sy, imIer sonmi e:umed i uiie aeat't ienet en . stt get c H ise, wc's ttlhtrodiced acnid tfle grmast entd disttiinieteld coprntmy. lore1 admle- tafe'r t.tletla'lce of tl&J; v'atea coon one' tIhero maees toft almao,a oatig Clta1ct Ik 'hvinug ettaclled ehimeolf 0 o n party I" itn emtirate friendi;. later in the en the end lthe Seniaor't; ton iiproachedi oue dewo, ,etnd exs?ain 'dl in histeer': "Shle tles co me.' "\Vho?" "T''he moest ,e."lrh gi-fl iie. thee rolxl. le ii meomenuelt .rcaieeett;umclae.he-, zi.eeliel thie cloutts o _aal ten tiatdrewn aees:angegl froln heltnel . ,i would :be impossielle to secnde monemee aei tmltitdl tlueI Almie tlearte?-.e!" A iemoeemei. tteaasesih. taurence ~Charkl :stod Ieside. ?Altny, olicihen etlad de cmilee .ecalhiiued, inzn een tcheusia~slic Icise: "]?ire s itseoiomedt' Ilon?lree ...tcql- iloedkel. :il ilhe tlirec t-ion eoididtefet, t,' tili e :hleset ?tood itill.- ii. (Cblid#Pirsn ttll 'JTLEL .AzSStoSAl?Xol x., d P~ro briuttc i ul ainl * inolted tnz it ;sir, woree siiciatiitattuegs On ,tlee orom. ;1191 slns feir and ? uelitifhul int up-Ill on ther cn.,nttuiance emsti s .a ed nill-con-1 meL?d?od a! ea?h1fcs. 'Jilts other rwonmaiq.oleclt.a!sc are rdti-I rnt:e? lde ,a.ishn~iny b(ndiuLt e t atps *pauSral. Adet Inct, nlot.annw. atlhnn shehio.. pulm heir lst!al lIfsltil cOI 'her .thead,, SCYC who hlid mnaiear beheld .tAe beautgj i.E ii 2s epunr ie.eaiiit, uZight sitlLdecide, *it31t not , 1c on al.t, mu4l .coull?.it more Itastrtifult As retcetlettd, Ek ran Ah1rntltciylened eHorsed t?de tw" . ,ohutietassntiths hest asedl stl, ..tnt n, ell migntl the sight fIr.ran ilidaw.t.ljs;rljie etc: tBrobbixigs. lile fac Ir a a .lmic Mi'. 'tense ;vts the' iasne' disealosd whien .im rede halund reitn aside. the tail (urorl.n"te street lunip a heiW nighlt ,IPevoUs) .Lemi the. ixset o d ithhe .iieraterious prqreitees.. I lmeiwc iiaEi' fler 0f .he~nxsestsiiaitholhad i tRorn to ithke.hit Alef. Ast hle steal, crili a .,strange glitter a. R his yeBs enud . :siahileingeassation a liciut .lie hest,. Itis cnLuanian .as te liuingd. "Well. w~ihdi <ill I 'tell ;youn? I -see tI sit her beuity hlis taken gcnr c-breath ViWo. ii dihuat.yonng .InLy.?" nesked. IIt >ree iie.;i a tin'taste, omnd in as soice dtlhitji; p ll asiansl- ed tine sitrani'd o agir .tio i. 'biac Alnmie Mutaienseik. dilk ;is is Si it je!r girL l~ld s iatjpan ~ilad in ooanpigiay "S t??age,- .a'de is' thleldag fIitr ,of ilie hdite of f1he derpirtonits in which :Lp.. ire, emapo, . " - . M. .Comifu~ieys.!ctughto?.'.,f4 ";' 'lie inward ngqgtson ai air hent dei cxased. T'he aulitle-:statinupoaM his feer f(44pd to ewinailik ita 'lddir pal 1"W.iy, msin, yen s.OumM; sna pal .us a ghost; yOu ua i . hXeaheibhcl tlhe,is 'ais' olE your faei" raniti-niea yJoooj Clark. , i.. a ,pla3. ?l 'ie . Arpl well ziigliti.goraco AeIry tuona SI range apd stgf~ g aagsaatfoo .had a lished:l h "ls inad ithin a 5ewqvgaepds ir. Coiirtiipy wptps t. chief of the cdleinrtmenl fioni vhen', the gorern iuniLi)t ijles. or dies iatle ,been slolenl; .I:id .it n :h'mthefr.ici.!c fil'id ; iadablghter ~ol? Ilud. iiut him, unider e-iver.of a va.il, to arn.i1 :] , lji tliht f he pulsued the iin E'stifjlio?ii ijt MYull,Cost lMin his life. I " Mar Alist Mirtetis n?ind Miss Court naey intimitte?e ehuad Horace. S"'lhtih?te? 'tey, atre inseparable; they htie toussiiti Auio h n rtense and 1Ella Courtney aire like sisters; but lpay, why sa-a..you so grealy interested ih them?l" "Simply because tlhey 're so beauti ful, 1lid 11,et so unlike in their loveli ite.s.Are "yo acqutinted witlitthein?", '~'ts;qlo yoel wish to he introduced?1 ITotthe wuas otl the'pointof tptres, sitigll~imself nfllrmiativellY', bluts. suddel idea~ name to his;mind tind:l? nnswer No, 1o1, iiot to-niitlt ia b some ftiture titne."t "I will introduce d:you if you desire . 'o, no net to-nilght;' and' lTor'tice Aldra?~s'?;ic:'ti;~itned as hli' spoke. - It witns a stiartlinig' s.irprise thlat liad dome across his imind; almonst too stanrt ling and extraordinary for in istant'~s belief. i No ordinryv events unld Iave afrods ed his suspicins,,: Lbt.the extaoordin nra conduct of Atlea Ms,?adnse prepar ed the waviy :for revruitikns of the most sstounding chahtdte,.. Upon the foltotviipg ,aly Horace:- wait edo upon Mr. Courtn gy, and expressed a desire to .rign .fro~m tihe special em ployment. : Mr. Courtley Ao-nuld no-t: listen to sduch a. prepositlon, saidL.inquired hiss r;eason for wailiing to resign. I sorice soinwcd that lie had leaned facts that ildb liion to fe~ir tlhat s s picion w'lild atthch to parties of very high sa~idiing.;, ?;?1::::::', "It matters not, wiho is injuied by thle eveitful disclosures;;:I wish' #Eou to go on with your. investigations.' . I "S?'ippose investigatidns would 'leid towards parties for wiaom yrou hold the high'est respect and a?ffection.': "h. natters ndot; :'were' the: gouilty party smy own son, the truth must be kow~n;" and there wis a very slight tsiemo' in Mr. Courtney's voice as ihe .pdlke. "aou must not think that .17 allude to ia member'of your own fimnily," said H?:oce, hastily. '"o, no; I do not ask ak hohm, youn 'stspect; neverthlieless, you must pro .ed" .... "'I cannot, sir;: i:will-not"'M :,: : . i Ml1. Courtney.moved restlessly.in.his '.cnt for, nafi.fewmonients; his face was pale,.nid a singular loolk of care:as nd '!npiety rested upori-his features:. " After a ,nmoinent's icwid~ sa silen!ecei he said: "Yoiu reinember awi I first assign ed youIL to this duit. " L?old you that you wereThlie Colis Mi? I lihd a rean son for choosinugy?a. thatt I luie not expressed~." "What.? s year. roason, sir?,' " , : "I' knuewv. that no one 'cmld condict this ineat~igation: 'with more Slill nand delicacy thiu yourself. I 'believed that you were my ?hilenid; sanil mnore, I fear edi that diserciesi s mnigit follow where ina.my own eetings-umiigit be h?arrowed. I elected yen ibseause 'I believed that we ipmiht more spetility discover the ngilty pa.ties, lprotedt'tle .government, anti' in certuhi .vasc ts sute ny pride :acd feeings' i tali men were ,agitated after.'tlie abaove .slin?gnur:Ailniission, and both for ai few mihtetes'were silcat. "Yau rcnmeniber ;flltit I told y:' 'to 'ecpotat praeiress 'to me, bttl on no ac eeount ito 'ncltiint inc w;ith.-any meire' ,-umspidion. 'I ralepnt:ng, iiluinetion ;when iyou lTuovedbsudlute;proofs, furnish tlienli tIo mean'a oloOlle lse."i A nduow again i 'liul you pursu 'ytour investiations i'qnnu ,u qiti'cer:towartl which any clues ? o ?c.:giiiutl :many Blead'you.": AIt 'w 'liiicts :to aLikeien, sh'ewdl mnal I1ik111worace.Aldnry were salfient.i T'!hhe 'two imnca thought they under etol ieomch mother, :daid thle mntter a?ns hropped ',Wthllout?i,?'oingin'sto an-y more xdic'iihe o.jplhutitons. .. ', li• [ ile',itilriltlar of :theln drhean how entrangdy thiy-. *iicsucnderst?a d. ech alther-. Ilomrce "l'mry '?aliRi "lrw but one a5ndlldioni f-omnthleiindilents tlhant had euad; :and, :?se ']he :onstruedl his lubty3, :notliing remznirineldfoi* liim but 'to Ilrocuse. d ~l-Is Oisitito:NewN?Wo k ywnas postpon 'Centtin 'renathlibledjlines lled him to believe thit tlie could .nu dowli the rlgnhtflltyneslut'lrerthome. JUlion the eveniin.fIlollowing his last ili:er'ie.?wh'itl . MroLointney our heiro hltidlbuainessiihlattteiled thim ieross the I?oconcte, ':siuvealnllesbey3ond A?rling 'toe : Iwse ws on ihorsendlk, and was de hIteetl on?!udh aiterha :feaulhe had intici pintel. It 'L.wnsong fintertfanIk when hie wias .'itli ng'iflong.htl^'roild ,on his return to I- e,:llidjust.orossed:a, run. lnd wans pSiingthiougii a strip of woods, wlihen lie hleard :Iie.diatiteriofEiL lhorse's hoofs ,llienaf of Wmhn. T'.he .travdhlleor isndvanic of him Was prqiee lingit stn. 4low psee,. inld Horlace /mot ?ichi.lg to rid hitplstlliin; slackened $i"e 'speed oi li . i.iwvn hlorse. - 'hIlls ',let¶h: .'iti Joremen a:hid' traversed aoined dibtanice, and ltlhe sidler in advance hlnl .pm.se(d ;.The.lc .cetire of .the woods .oi hi-sulden1ytilihestilli'eis was brokden y 'tile wiepoi't of fir-arms 'fallowed by. ;lL ·i~ir';i~f 'nirnB~v.- - , Under the *sitirlight ,orTace beheld tHie oitrlines ,of'the rtsiv.eller riding in 'idain'dic,'~uad mlicenit'e bslihot citme Ihe saw the ,poor fellowxeyl from Ulis snd die .nsd tiumble *dwri to the rol. ., .'Our "lero wris iihrinld, find na imn .. of nerve n inge. . ... ' ., H e isalised upooi the instant i?utt a fool, and dolstardiyg mniurer 'had hbeen perpetaited. W"ithout i moinmeont's. tioghit of dan ger tohinself, ae spurred his horse ftor ward, and oariving beside .,the : imon lying inl tlhe road. dismoutlted. ind' knelt besidiq lim / . , , ; , ,:,,, *,.*: "; , ;. . .;: : !.. . A iost horrible sightii met'his view.;'' ''le traveller wias dead..,'. '''.' *CIHA ITEnfW'"` ON "'THE TIIACK 0] TI-[E ASSASSINS Hforace groanied-i8 rrow. One glance wiana: iffliciet.it 'heh wea.mns olf the assassins had evi diintlly beeui heavily loajied with buck shotl, and having iliscihtrged thenir mIrdereous weapons at close rnige, the whole side of the head of the victimn lhad 'been completely shnttered. Our hero knew that he could do the dead no good, but one duty remntined to ilnm. fe hIrd .witnessed the foul deedl--he could run doiin tlihe asosasins. .His first ploint was to discover the side fronm whence-the shot hadl been fired iiand the ?irobanble direction the wretch or wretches' -had taken itifter Iiiviiig performed their horrid work. The wound of the lnsfortunatn vic tihl'tuinlicalted thd side front Whence the assassins had fired. :I ~Apcrsonli sa exit~thafiu onr hero ,\voulduh. lc'donieluded ati:.t ice, without exaimin:tioni, iithit thie murderers had sitruck into- the brushl lining the road, and had. so :snlcakel away from'. tihe secue of ?the eriie. horence, hloweser, channed to have ar small. mnisked 'lidteti'twitli him. ly tlie aid of .liis laiip he' was en abled to 'strike aL tranil that ledi him to thie conclusiori thliat :thlin blood vil i-binsthad skirted the road for. a short listuice, anti ' thincusc 'ceossing, hind struck into the woods i, iun opposite. ci iretioit' Sf-oraccAldmray liid picketed his horse ind r5esodlved to follovilupthe 'issassins. The trall:ti was an open, one; tlhe as sassin:s seeminfgly;.lhald not' :calculalted the .presene of any one as a witness to their crimine.: Af. ftei a smairt wallk of over a mile, in a loniely~'id .'isolated :plhue; uiider:the lihadowv of a rocl-cdvered hill, otr hero cauie upona iude\sbhannty or cabin that loomed uli fl nmid ani; nmlmber of hay rics, shlds, o:o pig- pens. SDilring lhisipuruit, the detective had failed .to cntch a sight of tihe fum-itives, and yet~t le hadl:, obtailnedl satisfactory i-bof:. tha.t there were. at least three, if not four of them. The id':was n Iollight le-aminm- from the windows of thie cabin, and all about it was. still, aind yet.our hero felt cer tain imi his own iminiimdth,-it the murder ers had sought urefuge beneath -its roof.,' His first act wvis to look well to his nwea.lpons, mnd then he commenced to advance slowly toxvarid the house. (To De Uonuimue..) 