Sydney Week by Week. (J--rom Our Special Representative.) SYDNEY, Aug. 21. i-eat tne trumpets ! ±$iow the drums ! 'Australia's Noblest Son,' Barton has returned. He hasn^t brought a title back with him, but he didn't leave the Old Country without some sort of a handle to his name. Cambridge Uni versity has dubbed him Doctor of Laws'- Tn unit-p rvf al? the. hunrmpti-nrv .he got while he was away, Barton has returned much thinner. In fact, one would mistake him for a 'returned empty' ora Transvaal invalided war rior! 'His fair round bellv, with fat capon lined,' has shrunk up to an a-1 most unknown quantity ! He doesn't look /like the jolly fat old Barton the present scribe used to' know. Perhaps the amendments made to the Federal Constitution disagreed with his con stitution, or, maybe, the report that he 'was stranded in London' before the extra ,£500 for exes was sent, was true, and he . couldn't . afford the price . of a square meal. You can't . get three courses for threepence in London, you know, like you can in Sydney. Fat or lean, however, the citizens of Syd ney gave Edmund Barton a right royal home welcoming in the Town Hall. ? :*? - * * ? ;? # ? * The black Governors are still at large, occasionlly sticking up a lonely hut, and stealing food, ? rifles, and am munition. Half the police force . of the_ colony is after them, and get oc casional glimpses, of .them, but the slip pery black, .devils, .like will-o'-the-wisps, vanish, only .to turn, up some miles away. Let us sing : — 'We are sure to catch the Governors in a day or two at most, For the Force is on its metal, and will haunt them like a ghost. And when the Force gets moving, they , will never once relax Their efforts till they've collared both ? the Breelong blacks. They have followed (at a distance), and have- had them both in view. They were c-nce quite close upon them, and exchanged a shot or two, .But the darkness settled on them, and ;, they had to turn their backs. Hence they lost their chance of gh:r, and the Breelong blacks. Pve a deal of admiration for the mem bers of the Force: They are brave, when out of danger, and w(ill work then like a horse. But ( I cannot help from thinking of Georgie and his axe, When I hear the Force's wires about the Breelong blacks.' '* Fancy two .aboriginals defying the whole police force of the colony, be sides an army of volunteers, armed with Winchester rifles and enough ball cart ridge, to kill an army of Boers or Boxers. * . » * * * The Crown Law authorities have rummaged up their old Acts of Parlia ment, and have made the discovery that some long-forgotten statute is^ in force in N.S.W., dealing with the ques tion of outlaws. So a proclamation has been issued declaring the brothers Go vernor outlaws. » So now, anyone can shoot them at sight, as if they were noxious animals. Like Cain,'' their Hands are now against every' man, and every man's hands are against 'them. 1 « »- # # « , Scene : A school in a bush town ship. — 'What do -you understand by the sacrament' of 'marriage ?' asked the | examiner of schools of an intelligent I looking girl at the . top of t her class. 'Please, your Rivcrince, it's a condition of punishment to prepare souls to enter a purer and better place.' She, had been mixing up the answer she ought to have given to a question about pur gatory. 'Put her down to the bottom of the class,' said the par-,h priest. 'Nay, Father,' said^the in spector, who himself was a high digni tary of the church, ulet her stay at the top. For all you and I know' (and here he chuckled) 'perhaps the answer of the little girl may be absolutely cor rect' ,To judge from the revelations of the Sydney Divorce Court the pre sent ''scribe Is inclined to think like 'wise. _ To disguise the extent of Syd ney's ' immorality, the Hon. T. M Slattery, M.L.C., has introduced a Bill to legitimise illegitimate children, provided the parents subsequently marry! A ''sort of white-washing pro- j cess, by which immorality may be j made to appear moral. As Slattery is I a strict R.C. , — he is a Knight of the j Order of St. .Gregory, — ? presumably he has the sanction of his Church for this innovation. «?'#'» '* ?' . ;There (was once a small street arab. And, his little name was Tom, And he lived '.in Gutter-Persia, , Where such* arabs all come from. And like little Gufter-Persians (Ev'ry one, and one and all) His spirits were elastic As an india-rubber ball ! These ,i lines 'are not the writer's own composition. ' They occur in1 Basil Hood's comic opera of the' 'Rose of Persia,' which is drawing big houses at Her Majesty's Theatre.. v-Th'eVA street arab is a peculiarly London; -product j but in Sydney we have latei^^-whether owing to 'bad times,' the.:incfease . of J pauperism or growing indolence-— de- 1 veloped a very good imitation of the j London article. The man in the street wants to know what our truant officers are about to allow the thoroughfares of the city to be overrun with ragged urchins, many of them barefoot, solicit ing alms of the passer-by. These young beggars select those streets where strangers who are likely to have well lined pockets mostly congregate, such as Castlereagh-street, near the Aus tralia Hotel, and Bligh and O'Connell streets, where the clubs are. Up tc late hours of a night every benevolent looking old gentleman is 'stuck up' by the pitiful appeal of some youthful mendicant, and ladies, during their shopping hours, are similarly peteted. There is no need of fresh legislation to stop the nuisance, as any boy found wandering about the streets -. can be brought before a magistrate and sent on board the training ship Sobroan. But as things are, we seem to be rear ing a class of professional beggars like there is in th'e Old Country. ' ; * * * * * Perhaps the saddest example of these children of the pavement are the match vendor and the flower girl of tender years, who with their cheap trays of buttonholes visit the bars of every pub. they pass to endeavor to dispose of their stock, and possibly get a threepence given them for the sake of their pretty baby faces ! What has the 'future in store for such as they? Dr. Ross, M.P. for Molong, a well-meaning , old gentleman, though in many .tilings a 'faddist,' has introduced a Bill into Parliament to put down cigarette smok ing by juveniles. Any vendor of cigarettes to boys under 16 is to be heavily fined, and so is to be the youngster himself.. But suppose the lad who spends his pocket money in purchasing the cheap cigarette can't (as will most likely be the case) pay the fine, and suppose his father won't, then he will have to go to gaol. Our legis lators seem to like to make new crimes !. The man or woman who sells a loaf of bread or a poxind of ' chops after 6 o'clock is now a criminal, and if Dr. Ross5 Bill becomes law the juvenile smoker will also help to crowd out our already well filled prisons. Perhaps, though, the youngsters will take to 'chewing,' which is not mentioned as an offence within the meaning of the Act, and so avoid its pains and penal ties. The present v scribe thinks that if a parent armed with a cane can't pre vent his own son and heir from indulg ing in the fragrant weed, it is a hope less task for the law to try and do so. A good whipping — as advised by King Solomon — would be more effective than fines or imprisonment. In Paris the trade of the. 'chiffonier' (the professional rag-gatherer and col lector of unconsidered trifles)is a recog nised institution, and some of the old men and women who may be seen there, with a capacious basket on their backs, picking up cigar ends, scraps and rags of all sorts, with a long pointed stick, earn quite a respectable living. It seems we must have some such gather-ers of rags and etceteras here. The Sydney Vigilance Com mittee, in its peregrinations, has un earthed a local manufactory for con verting old shreds and tatters of 'discar- ded clothing and other woollen waste rescued from street rubbish boxes, or scraped out from among the heaps on the 'tips,' into 'extra superfine flock' for filling beds and pillows. Isn't it beastly? ? It would be hard to imagine anything more calculated to spread ty phoid, bubonic plague, and other filth diseases than to sleep on a mattress stuffed with 'flock' made out of the non-disinnfected malodorous rags that, have been collected from the gutter by the unwashed 'chiffonier' of the Syd ney slums. * # * * * The Chinese of Sydney, in order to express their thankfulness for the de parture of the bubonic plague, have inaugurated a Chinese oipera at the Masonic Hall, Castlereagh-street. As the 'present scribe had never before visited a Chinese play he went there last night. The audience was, as might have been expected,mainly composed of the 'heathen Chm&e;,' but what the plot was, or what the actors— who near ly all wore long beards — or the ac tresses — who were in-en disguised as women — were about, the writer could not comprehend. The peculiarity of a Chinese play is that it goes on, nigiit after night, like a novel that conies out in penny numbers. The herb in n.ct 1 is a boy, and, when Act 20 is reached, he has developed a beard, and some where about Act 80 he is a tottering old. imbecile. The actors seemed to be al ways in a restless search for gore — -per- haps they were Boxers — and the music (?) was a fearful jangle of stringed- in struments, while, to the non-Chinese ear, all seemed to be playing in differ ent keys, quite independently of each other. When the present scribe left at 10 p.m. most of the characters he was beginning to recognise had been either murdered or executed. ' » * * ! * # Kalgoorlie and W.A. generally are no longer to be permitted to hold the premier place in Australian gold min ing! At least so says Mr. George Rice, manager and working partner nf a claim at Long Flat near Gundaga1'. He describes his claim as 'the best mine in the world, there is nothing in West Australia like it.' He certainly seems to have good ground for 'blowing.' Two or three days ago he got /3000 worth of gold from one shute, and yesterday, in the presence of some newspaper men (who don't often see much of the pre cious metal), they took out gold valued at ^1200, one lump weighing iolb., be ing estimated to contain over 100 oz. of, gold. Half of a prospecting dish of fine dirt taken from the bag was washed and panned out 25 oz. of fine gold.- The rqoorters were shown a seam of what appeared almost pure gold! The Gundagai and Adelong dis tricts have always been some of the richest gold producing spots in this colony, and no doubt this latest find will cause the whole country round to be properly prospected. We are hav ing a mild sort of a boom in Dredging Companies, and it is. not unlikely that a lot of wild cats will be trotted out on the strength of Mr. Rice's Long Flat Mine for the benefit of other long suf fering flats. J* *- A. H.' «. . The old catch about the1 nails in a set of horse shoes, a farthing for the. first, a halfpenny for the second, a penny for the third, and so on, doubling each time,, until it came to millions of pounds sterling 'for the last, must have given the idea to the inventor of the 'chain letter.' As perhaps none of the links in the chain have reached Kal goorlie, the present scribe wiHtry and explain briefly what a 'chain letter' is. A'. wants to collect some money for some charitable purpose, so he posts a num ber of letters to each of his friends, beg ging a twopenny stamp, and requesting each to copy the letter and post copies to their friends. . B gets one of these letters, post the twopence to A, and sends copies' of A's letter to C and D. Then C does the same, writing to E and F, and so on, like a sum in arith metical progression, ad infinitum.From whoever's brain the scheme was first evolved the present scribe knoweth not, but a Miss Griffin introduced it to Syd ney, and her letters were multiplied like wild fire, so that the bushels of let ters enclosing twopenny stamps, which she got every morning, required a staff of lady friends to assist her to open. Not only . from all the Australian colonies - did they come, but from South Africa, Europe, America, and in fact all parts of the world, and the cry is 'still they come.'' In reply to a question asked in Parliament, the Postmaster - General stated that over 83,000 insufficiently . paid letters, ac ceptance of which had been refused by Miss Griffiths, had been returned through the Dead Letter Office to the countries where they were posted. Now, suppose each of those had contained a. 2d. stamp — as most likely they did — in- deed she often got 6d. or is. in some' — the contents of these insufficiently pre paid letters would amount to ^691 13s. 4d. If the 'refused' letters contained nearly ^700. the writer wonders how much those that were properly stamped contained? Hadn't the 'chain letter' now been played pr,etty well for what it is worth, the writer knows of aa 'or- phan' who- would muchly like to re ceive every morning at breakfast a fat bundle of letters, in each of which was a 2d. stamp. Three of these stamps would represent a 'whisky.' Three more a cigar. Three more! oh, why didn't the idea occuj; to this posa1 scrib bler I. / J ; .1 * 