ILL TREATMENT OF CAVALRY HORSES. The vast waste of horses on the side of the British in the South African war has aroused public attention. in the United Kingdom to a marked ex tent. War is necessarily a destructive business, but it is certain that the loss of valuable horses in the campaign might have been prevented by the exercise of a little common sense. What is now clearly seen might easily have been foreseen, to the great mone tary advantage of the nation, the pre servation of many men's lives, and the saving of a terrible amount of equine suffering. In the first place, all the riding horses used in the advance to the Free State were loaded beyond en durance. It is the custom in the re gular army to weight horses .to an ex tent which renders them unfit for quick journeying, and makes the nor mral cavalry movement as slow as that of a flneral. The advantage of plac ing reasonable loads was well illus trated in 2dahon's advance to the re lief of AMafeding. Led animals were largely used for transport purposes. It is reasonably argued that either this plan must be adopted in every de partment of cavalry work, or that a large proportion of the heavy loads that have now to be borne on horse back should be relegated to light wheeled transport. N?'ot only were the animals destroyed by. too heavy loads; they were syste natically starved by the Supply 1)De partment. This' charge is definitely made in the columns of the London "Times" by a well- informed corres pondent writing from Capetown. lie states that this great blot in the warn has cost the nation hundreds of casu alties in men and thousands of horses. Foromal complaints were made on the subject by officers, whlo stated that their mounts could not live on thel meagre rations allotted. When nearly all the horses had 'died, and a new broom had come into operation, the; respeonsible authorities thought that double the actual number of animals were being estimated for. The cor-1 respondent states that had the horses' been properly fed and weighted theyl wooull have come on to Bloemfontein? in first- rate style. But as no grazing was to be obtaihed at Paardeberg, the poor brutes were so starved that when a? start was made for Poplar Grove' thcy were found to be absolutely "done for." The cavalry could scar ]ely raise a trot, and the Royal horse Artillery horses could barely crawl, and not 5 per cent. ever recovered from the treatoment they received. The consequence was that the Boer army with its guns and belongings re treated within view of our forces in the open. "With three or four miles start they were as safe froun our starved cavalry as an express train would be from a donkey cart." The fact is that the Boers, though they have suffered in skirmishes and at long range, have not once actually felt what it was to be face to face with a regular army. It is a good thing for them, of course, that the British horses were starved and incapable of over talding them, but there can be no doubt that If matters had been otherwise the war would have been ended months ago. The worst feature of the affair is that at Paardeberg, where our horses were perishing, hundreds of sacks of oats and forage had to be burnt because there was not transport to carry them along. Thus the de struction was a double-edged one. While B]itain possesses enormous power for .great enterprises, she is very badly served by the department that has the charge of her military machine. The ghosts of these famished steeds should haunt it until the person responsible for placing horses in hard and almost continuous work on 1ib of oats and 41b of hay be suspended as he. deserves. The Coroner's jury returned a verdict of accidental death at the inquest which was held at Ralph's Family Hotel yesterday af ternoon, touching the death of the seaman Thomas Barrett, who died at the hospital yesterday from injuries received by falling from the gangway of the barque Kynance, at the inner basin, Carrington, on Sunday, the 2nd Inst. . 