DR. PARKER ON THE DEATH OF DADY SALISBURY. At i/be close of a recent Thursday morn ing's service in the City Temple, London, Dr. Parker eaid: — We are all feeling that there is a gra cious opportunity for the expression of deep and tender sympathy with the Prime Minister of England in this hour of his de solation and overthrow, inasmuch as. his beloved wife lias been taken from his side. T- i« a iiit.inVi1f- misnrv Th-» Prime Min ister 'has not ^entered into it yet; so long as the dear remains are in the house there is a krnd of right in them and a species of masonry and. a sense of companionship, but when they are taken away and tflie old man goes 'back bo his house he know_s What emptiness means, and he feels si lence as he has. never felt it before. We hear that Lord Salisbury is himself per sonally afflicted. I call upon yon to join with me in public prayer as an expression, of our sympathy and regard £or a great man in the time of his , severest trial. There are hours when all distinctions of creed and politics vanish away, when in .deed, they become intrusive and contemp tible; there are great, tender, heroic hours in history, when the man is above the offi cial; there is a touch of nature which makes the whole worlid kin. Dearth spares none. Lord Salisbury is on every ac count tire foremost man in the world of statesmanship to-day. He has had a great career. For myself, I have the fullest confidence in his intellectual capacity and in his political adminis tration; but I ko beyond all su«ih limitations when I reverently seek to be r^eranit/ted .to put out my hand in ithe darkness that I may grasp his in a com mon masonry of 'unutterable sorrow. This congregation is - representative; Wt know nothing here about divisions, con^, benltions, and divers oppositions. For years the brotlher of a 'bishop assisted in baking the weekly offering ait fcliis Thurs day morning service; the bishop him self lias been here; we have hfeid Roman Catholics, High Churchmen, Low Ohurdhinen, Protestants, all 'sotts and degrees of religious conscientiousness and conviction; and therefore ii't ia a bold lifting to appeal 'to you to join in a comnKWi expression. Yet in trulbh there is no boldness in it ; for we are first anen, tfhen disputants; we are first human, and then divided into social strata and olassifi'eaitionis. Not a soul here but will swell my appeal to heaven when we desire for Lord Salisbury and his family all spiritual comitort, inspiration, and courage in this midnight of desolaltion and fear. Will you thereiore kindly stand im whilst I offer a pilayer: — Almighty God, Thou knowest the great and the small, the old and the young; Thou knowest the universality of human loss and human grief. We would be kind to one another in the hour of loss and heartbreak. We remember those who are in great trouble; all Thy waves and billows have gone over them ; yet the Lord reign eth, and the end will be right, and there shall be light and evening time,- and great joy on some near to-morrow. We com mend to the Prime Minister of England and hi* household, desiring that they may see somewhat of Thine own view of things and be led to concur in a providence which at this moment is nothing to them but darkness and disaster and aching heart. The Lord pity us in our -low estate; the Lord show us somewhat of the brighter side of things; the Lord lead us by the ?Cross right up into the palace where the sufferer is the King and where the King wears the crown. May we never believe' that all Thou couldst do with i^hy uni verse is to train it for death ; Thou dost train it for life, progress, and immortality. This is the Gospel of Thy Son, and we believe it. Now dismiss us with Thy bles sing. May the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, the love of God, our heavenly Father, ike comfort and consolation of the Holy Ghost, abide with us, till we know of a surety that death is swallowed up of victory. Amen. 