Two PistlngnMwi Exiles. Sometimes yon will finest men who being np soenes that w c3 tbe past and are almost forgotten. They bring np old memories—old ghosts of* tiie past, as it were. It is but § short time a^o that I saw Oakey Hall, in London, -and what recollections of New York wider the reign of TwBed ie brought npf aiiose srere and for menvwho s were « he. • What a fellow of infinite jestiie was, and what a bright spot he made the Mayor's office in New York some twenty years ago. The older •newspaper' men, politicians and men about town will long remember its attractiveless. He "would have been a rash man in those? dayte who would have attempt* Rd to prophecy the height in the temple of fame to which this brilliant and Witty man might not dimb. - 1-1 What prophet could foresee that this gifted and once popular man was to: pass* the evening of his life practically in exile in a foreign land, leaving behind bim on the field of his early trjLjimpM nothing bnt Mattered ambitionfe. Yet this was to be. In a small cafe in a somewhat unfrequented part of Paris the other day I saw another' man who recalled a case the fame of which was world-wide. • He was sitting at a table, seemingly bnried in thought of a not pleasant character and oblivious of his soxroundings. He had an intellectual face, but on it there were deep lines that told of past sufferings. His long hair was gray—prematurely gray. His shoulders were oent, acid there was a moody, -brooding look on his face. But he was evidently a tall man, and some yeaxs ago must have been a handsome man. As he sat at the table he looked like a strongman borne down i>y the memory of some great sorrow of the past. - . t Presently he arose find walked out without looking to fhe right or the left, and then I recognized birrij although it has been years since I saw him before. It was Thecdore Tilton, the once famous editor of the New York Independent, But how changed. - In the days of his popularity, tall, greet, strong and handsome; now a broken, prematurely old man. He is doing some sort of literary work here, but no. one seems to know juBt' what it is. - I could not but think, after seeing the man, that the scandal in which this loan's life was wrecked was more than a mere scandal. It was, in fact, a tragedy. The circle of the chief actors in it is narrowing. The greatest of them is dead, so are others, among them some of the lawyers and several of the jury. One of "the lawyers, Benjamin F. Tracy, is in the Cabinet of thelPresiaent of the United States. Mrs. Tilton is more fortunately situated than her husband, for sbe has the company and. sympathy of her children. But Theodore Tilton haunts out-of-theway places in Paris, seeking neither friends nor friendships^ a miserable Mid broken mab. ,' " Ah, Jennie, I understand you are going to marry a secondhushaxid," said Mrs. Marry : well to Jennie, who had chosen a widowet.' Yes, but I'm a ready maid; you know, and so the combination won't be so very bad," responded Jennie. " Art cannot improve nature," said a lecturer. " If that's so," exclaimed an auditor, " please tell us how you would look withont your wig and false teeth ?" The anger of the lecturer was drowned by the roar of laughter which followed this sally. Miss MacBean—'-' No, I. don't believe in these isms. I once knew a man who was sent to prison for devoting' his time to one of them." Miss Jones—" What terrible laws you must have in Scotland! ^ What wag l^ie ism ?" " Incendiarism." " ~ - "first Parrot—" Excuse me, ..that is my appfe."'- Second Parrot—" Beg your pardon, it's mine." Monkey—" I don't like to interfere in an. argument; .but I must say you are both wrong," as he stretched out his paw and claimed it himself. _ . . Prospective father-in- law—" Before I consent to you mairving my daughter, 1 should like to know if ych have an/staying qualitiea in business." Suitor—" Well, I should say I have. I began at the-bottom of the ladder several years ago &nd; l've stayed there to this day." • . f Mr. Lawlimb'(a boarder)—"Mrs. Jinx, may I ask you whether that was tea or coSee (hat you .brought .me last night ?'? Mrs. Jinks—" Why ?" Mr; Lawlimb—" I merely wanted to say, in case it was coffee, I will take tea in the future; but if it was-tea," I shoiild.prefgr Sf>8ep iere^ftfiT^V^.., .. Spooner (trying to play a trump card)— • D'you know,Miss JSguJup, when I passed your place*Jap fvCT(|5jj^m«u:d some one singing so lofely. Sff-.jffi^'OTite angelic." She —" I was it &e; tMeafrelist night. Mrs. Gilligan and her twins were at our visiting the cook." . • . . " A good story is told of Bosenthalj fhe piani2fc^:Slote, one af-M^'&^fc)|itepupils, sent Kosg|Shal a no^Bs' Infiouncing *tb«kj)irth of his first < ^ P ^ J ^ f e ^ ^ l S i ^ four weeks old, antt JgfflSHor ptay tue Jnano. Remarkable, isn't it?" Rosenthal replied— that. You are " Tfie ^eaitoi: 'down' tlie ,, street,'' writes a Kansas editor, 'lea^i something about grammar. but we have never seen one who could crowd so tpsaj Jell wllaFsort of a nmA room a stut- A ^ ^ M e l ^lerk will to:... , Pat—The windys in tbis shop ire '.so dtirty Oi can't ^'SSraTUiim. Foreman—Well, why' dutft^- you raise the Windows. ' Oi can't Beo*™ r 