PAVtMEttT PlCTURtiS. A DAT WITH THE CHALKS. So many weird stories of the vast profits netted by pavement artiste have found their way into print, that for my own satisfac tion (writes an artiet correspondent in a con temporary) I determined to go in character and chalk pictures on the flagstones of West End London, to see if fortune really lay in that direction. We have all heard tales of one man chalking a series of pictures in different parts of town, going bis rounds in a cab, and netting a royalty from each " pitch," presided over during the day by beggars incapable of any artistic effort; but these stories never had any truth in them. TJie Art istic Ghost moves in higher circles thfll) tlmflC nf na.tnmAni T r (...viiiufb PUQICIIIII. 11 we may judge from the continued decadence of "Pavement Art, the profession is not so flourishing as it used to he. The public sup port is ill; the Old Master who used to chalk, will) an air of conviction, thorn? old favourites of this al-frepco art-flic mouse gnawing a tallow candle stuck in a gingcr- beer bot tle, the half of a salmon, the storm at sea, and that especially popular example of pavement mimicry, the plate of ham and eGKH— are dead, and their surooesoi-s arc both artless and lazy. s0 azy indeed, or so labour- saving. that they chalk their altogether in ferior efforts on cardboards, which tliey bring out every morning and toko home every night, instead of manfully setting-to and woiking on the stony-hearted sidewalk day by day. The public have not been slow to notice this la5t dodge, and have withheld their coppers accordingly. The latest novelty as we have recently seen, in this profession, is the Lady Pavement Artist— " the only one," as she proudly announces; but whether she finds the reward sufficient to pay for the hard work is known only to herself. THE PRELIMINARIES. For my own part, let things go never so V1 8,10U'd uever seriously turn to seek the suffrages and the halfpence of the way- faycrs along the streets after the experi ences of my amateur day no tbc pavement In preparing for this expedition, the first oimculty.after having purchased seven penuy- xvorth of assorted coloured chalk?, and tying thcin in. a dilapidated duster, was to fina clothes disgracefully shabby enough to dress .vv.»i.«viw. uic'i- |>cr»uuai appearance there was uo trouble whatever. Figure to yourself a person under the best circum stances attenuated and l&ntcrn- iawed.; and you will readily conceive that.going unshaven for a week, such an one would look pitiful enough without the looped and windowed ragged nens found and worn for the occasion. If ever a poor devil seemed to need vour cop pers to keep him out of the casual ward, the writer looked such, and formed an object of interest to the early morning policeman as ho shambled, with a boot and a half on hi? feet, and other garments to match, down Pork- lane to Piccadilly, where the destined pitch lay. Tho ordiuary pavement artist does not commence business so early. He keep bankers' and civil hcrrants' hours, and puts in an appearance between ten and blown o'clock. The amateur has, perforce, to leave home before anyone is about, if he would not have all his neighbours talking about him and drawing the mildest conclusion from the spectacle. So to Picccadilly before the day is well aired, and to rest ana contemplation on a seat in the Green Park at the Lour of 7.30 a.m., much to the outspoken disgust and contempt of certain British workmen going to brcakfort, whn opined that one had been there all night, and looked in consequence like having " rtept in a field with the cato open. ' A FEW PRACTICAL HINTS. D ishy no means difficult to chalk the pavement into pictures. Given an even stone, liivt carefully dusted, it forms, with chalks, an excelled and docile medium for blending colours. Tou do the chalking crudely, rabb it down with the palui of the hand and fingers into harmonies, and then putting in the last torn-he with pointed pieces uf chalk of the requisite colours. The technique of pave ment art is probably the uarttM technique in I he nholc range of artistic effort. Take, for example, the once favourite subject with these ojw»n-air pastelli.-ts, and perhaps the in.».-t popular with the public— the mackerel. Nothing easier than to represent such a fish, frerii from the sea, with his scales glistening, his " harmonies in Filver, and block and bine "; nothing is so readily done, except in deed. the -toncware ginger 1»eer bottle with a enndh guttering down the sides of it, or the simple hut effective piece of streaky bacon, which y.oj do with si judicious admixture of Imowd. ro-"Miink. yellow, and white. Only, hear in mind that the critical public who flock round your gallery of popular art. and audibly expro.-s their opinions (but are chary of parting it I their pence), don't like low tone-. None of your impressionism or gauzj -uhUeties for them, bo far as treat ment gne: while as for subject, you must be " actual." as the modern phrase has it, and if you can comment, pietorially on the morn ing paner in tin? most startling chalks it is possible to buy. wby then the admiring criticism of the hutcher-boys and all the many varieties of htrect urchins will make you blush. (But Ihcy don't give you any thing.) A bhmd-boltercd battlefield or horrid railway accident— no matter tho drawing so song as the colouring is lurid — will a! way draw n crowd; and sentiment, so Jong as you are careful to lay thepathos on with a trowel, snio sav. is great. Probably the most successful hits in pavement art are the liui-rowing thingo of the domestic senti mental sort— the aeries which show "The Old Home," the " Prodigal Leaving Home," The Return— His Mother's Grave," the Prodigal's End," and so forth. "MOVED ON." The mirtokc the present writer made wa> the very serious one of trying to do work above ibis level. Landscape and the oirluref- one are " drum " in the nneri-aic art. market. The first scries was chalked on the flagstones by the Green-park, and had not Item completed when & half-penny rang on them; first fruits of public approbation. Then the police interfered, and art was— gently and finnly. but still unmistakably— moved OD-" The constable was kind and almost apologetic to the niircrable-looking wretch he bade go away. His inspector, he said, had forbidden the use of this pavement to pavement artists; " but," bo added, "you can find a pitch at Hyde Park Corner," and o, first carefully obliterating the pictures. I repaired to that busy pavement just by toe cab-rank, cheered somewhat by the sym pathetic donation of a penny at the hands of si woman hurrying, with liltlo black bag, to bttrtners Citywards. INCIDENTS OF THE DAY. No one but the pavement-artist can have any notion of how great die amount of dust is in London's streets. Clearing a space, the piuurvs wen; all chalked anew, with appro priate appeals to the public, in the well- Known rtylc: Many can help one," <; I do this to earn my broad," and bo forth; but the dust IihJ to be continually brushed .awav aud the gallery touched up. Then annoying iu- oid«Mts hegan to happen; a workman, stagger ing with drink, came and blinked with tipsy gravity. " Bleat if I couldn't dror belter inesclf." raid he. The criticism mattered liuh. but a lie exhibited an inclination to fall dow n and go to sleep on the despised pic ture,! lie rtt nation grew a little alarming, the street erewd began to gather to see the fun -if any- Avhilrannihcrcrmvd gathered round the first, to sok wh:n ibe matter w;u=. Then the p'Oiee riiine to the rescue wilh their wel come " Fat's" ." and pettrc reigned. Th»-n a P' "'-by. who looked like a biwyct mIi-i ;.?«'.tped hurriedly down and, soin"<"li,ii b icel-ree'lly, so ( seemed. pressed to-tin iii ' in > h" p.ii'i- .-iriist's hand. And that was lb' 'il' 'I'imitioi) received that day, al though tlii' unique exhibition was open until a lute hour in the afternoon. A BROTHER ARTIST. There was another la brother artist " ho perhaps should be called) who had n show close by. He. was a youngster of about 13, wliu appeared ul&buulo;&o; o clock, furious at the sight of a new-comer on this, which scCuieu to be at one end of his daily pilch. So lie uiuic. witli abuse and horrid threats of extending his show un to iiiitio, and thus capturing all the public support. All these attack had to bo received with the stoicism of au Indian fakir, for the vary excellent reason Hurt ii . y Mtrtu.pt 3u.» b-eu mirtc to reply in the language of the ptreete. the wnp'y conlrel. would rery p«i.-h I ;m v revealed tb. ur T'u«- di- pb;/ - ( ir ditieiL-uco hud iw cifcct. i'i i.rn uIuj.-l-, ibe lioy presently clisngod to confidence.. JJc did well, it would seem, however other might fare. Four shillings and sixpence a day was liifl average. Probably his youth appealed to tbc sentimental public, while certainly what he called the ""orees cads " he drew badly and coloured vilely, brought him don ations from passing horsey men. But if he obtained all the public favours, there was one crumb of comfort in the professional approval be vouchsafed: "Yer colour ain's wliatchcr might call strong enuf : but yer can dror." What better pleasing criticism could one— by profession a blaek and white artist have than this ? Result of the day's adventure— Sjd. loss on balance, a violent headache, and nearly a sunstroke from the beat radiated from ihe pavement, and a curious insight into a little understood industry. 