THE MILLERS AND FEDERATION. The deputation which waited on the Premier yesterday took it for granted that federation was near enough to reckon in, as a question for practical business. They found it indeed such a presjsiug question that they wished Air. Philp to promise that no alteration "would' be made in the dutíes on wheat and flour until the uniform tariff came into operation, and that then the Go- vernment would allow thom rebate on stocks in their warehouses. That is to say, they asked to be reneved ot any anxiety as to the future when attempt- ing to provide for the change to inter- colonial free-trade. It stands to reason that, as New South Wales, Victoria, and;South Australia are producing more wheat than they consume ami as their suiipluses will come into Queensland duty free under fed- eration, Hie miller who has paid duty on his stock of wheat will then find himself face to face with, a possible loss. Under such circum- stances Hie only remedy would o to live from hand to mouth. The Queens- land farmer with .wheat to sell would for the time probably be master ol' Hie situation ; for 'his wheat would be ou the spot, and'right up to the moment of union it would pay better to give him his price than to worry about laying in more Southern wheat than was abso-' lutely necessary. Of course -the fact that we do not at present produce more than a third of the wheat we consume 'has to be kept in mind. The difficulty foreshadowed by yesterday's deputation may, therefore, still occur, and Hie mil- lers ¡have, undoubtedly some-ground lor their fears. But this at once raises the ¡whole questíon of probability. In such connection the Premier very pro- perly pointed out that a uniform tariif could not be framed in a day, or a monith, or even in a year. There would be plenty of time to discuss the pros and cans later on ; and in any case the {procedure followed, wlien duties are taken off by Parliaments >in the colo- nies as tiley are, would doubüess be foïlotwed by the Commonwealth. Air. Philp might have added that were he to accede to the request of yesterday's deputation he would soon have a large contract on hand. Every business in- terest affected by intercolonial produc- tion would insist upon a hearing, and demand equal consideration witli the millers. Would it be fair to make a precedent ? No doubt it may be argued that wheat is in a different posi- tion from other crops, but we fancy as good arguments could be raised on the other side. Besides, as the Pre- mier pointed out, Hiis is a matter bet- ter left for Hie Federal Government. So far as the farmers are concerned two or three good seasons would bring rhein pretty close to the colony's' demand for wheat, and this is a point worth noting when tüiey get apprehensive that prices are going to fall under a unl-onm tariff. The day cannot be far away when the duty on whent in Queensland will be inoperative, and the level will thou lie the same throughout Australia whether federation comes or not. But the im- portant certainty is that there is ahead the best part of three years in which lo prepare for ti change. ;5o much has happened in the last, three years that it .would be foolish to jrrow pessimistic , and both millers and farmers will find in Hie opening years of Hie new cen- tury that their worst ghost.« were bogeys of Hie white-donkey variety-friends rather than foes. 