PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. THE EAUTIFUL MRS. LEACH, By WINIFRED GRAHAM, Author of "A Strange Solution," " "When the Birds Begin to Sing "The Great House of Castleton," "Mcresia," "The Star Child," &e.;, &c.; COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XIV. "Dead Delights—Old Loves axd Pas sions Past." TILL unconscious, Sir William "was carried 10 uiiver's bungalow, and placed in Oliver's bed. On bearing from Billings of bis father's acci. dent, the son - :r ried unceremon iously into the midst of bis ene mies, and Respite Cristina's protests, insisted on the injured man beinjj brought to the nearest haven of rest. Oliver hardly appeared to see either Jchn Morrow or Mrs. Leach, as he gave his orders collectedly. Not until Cristina hissed in his ear: " It is my wish that Sir William should be taken to tbe Hall," did he show by word or look he had open ed her-presence. - Replying that owing io his father's condition it was impossible to fall in with her wishes, he dismissed the sub ject. ' ; "You want to take him from.me," she continued, in a breathless undertone; " to . separate a dying man from his promised wife." But Oliver disabused her of this fact, and suffered her to follow Sir William to tho bungalow. She had never been allowed to enter iba mysterious precincts of Oliver's abode before. She had asked him to show her the bungalow, the day after her arrival; but he made excuses, declaring it was only a workshop, and sacred to labour. More than once curiosity bad led her to .is threshold before the quarrel, but th* win. dows were chiefly .of stained glass to uafHc eager eyes, while sky-lights admitted the sun. The bedroom, which he gladly surren dered to the invalid, was luxuriously : fi nished, and there was also an air of com fort about the sitting-room in which Ethel Thursby had first met Oliver. The rest of the building was shut away, the labora tory being kept strictly under lock and key. "It's beastly awkward getting ourselves mixed up with this core again I" said John ".Morrow, fiercely, "and you've only your self, to thank for it, Cristina. Should the old boy die you will have lost your title . through your fool's play." "You might have stopped him following me," retorted Cristina. "How could I guess he would do anything so ridiculous? Of. course I was looking out for rabbit holes all the way. Are there no rabbits in Australia ? The worst of it is, if we .ose him after all, Oliver will crow." " Trnst me to make him crow to a dif ferent tune* The doctors say itisstill pcs . sible for Sir William to recover, though his injuries are uncommon bad." " Oh! if they've a loophole *.hcy will al ways give hope. Don't you know that much of the profession? But I read their faces and saw what, they feared. Oliver thinks with them, and I half believe he is glad." "On the theory that death is better than life—with Cristina. I wonder how it was ho twigged you!" "Oliver Ashford is no ordinary man," she answered. "I felt that the first mo \- ment I set eyes on him. For this -eason . if he had cared, I might. But what is the good of thinking or. talking? Here we are under his roof, cooped up in the same house with our deadliest foe, waiting to hear from minute to minute if the change has come—for better—or worse." "Why are you not in Sir William's loom?" "His son is there. If the whole of Compton Hall were not big enough to hold us two, how should one room?" "But Sir William may wake and want you.. I bet my .last dollar young liver would not be the one to call you if he did.' Assert your position; keep on the top rail; don't be put down now whatever hap pens." John Morrow's words stirred Cristina. She had been seated languidly'in a chair, crushed by the memory of her past rash ness, consumed by-self.blame. -Now, she . rose; taking' fresh courage to face out as i awkward situation. "All. right," she said, moving to the door.' ' * On tiptoe she crept to Sir 'William's darkened-room'and peered-in. Oliver was seated by the-bed, 'watching the still figure ■ Uttder the'- toverfe.k - He did not see Cristina till she suddenly appeared opposite him, like a ghost in the gloom. Thty stared at each other in dead sil ence, then Oliver pointed to a vacant < lair. Cristina took it, and so they sat, with only the ticking of the clock and Sir WilTla. 's uneven breathing to break the painful still ness. Oliver never looked once on the beauty of Cristina's profile, he kept his eyes fix^d upon his father, noting each change, and experiencing acute anxiety. Though well aware of Sir William's follies, he. was fond of the old man who had driven him from his home. He remembered none .of the harsh words and bitter reproofs, and a great ten derness filled his heart. Presently Sir Wil liam stirred and put up liis hand to the bandages across his forehead. Then he opened his eyes with a little groan. Cristina bent forward, eager to catch his look and bring herself to his mind before he saw his son. The old man smiled, and an expression of supreme joy passed over his face as he gazed upon Cristina. "Emily," he gasped, "Emily, Iknewyou would come back. It was not for ever, Emily 1" His fingers closed over Cristina's cool hand, he drew a deep sigh. "Why does he call me Emily?" she asked, in a whisper, looking at Oliver for information. "His mind is wandering," replied his son, with a set face. " He thinks you are my mother"—Cristina winced. She was annoyed at being forgotten, jealous of the thoughts which wandered back and put her in the shade. The desire of Cristina's life was to be first, and lo! a phantom had edged her out, obliterated her from Sir William's mind. " Dearest," the sick man whispered, "they told me you were dead. Ah! I knew it wasn't true." I wanted you—I never cared for those others—you were first al ways always—believe me! And now you understand—you forgive, Emily. Call Lie Willie once again. No one ever called me Willie but you. I laughed at the name, didn't L It sounded so young! Now I want to hear it from your own dear lips." >*He waited expectantly. Oliver hoped desperately she would not comply -with the request; he could not bear that she should impersonate his dead mother. It seemed sacrilege!, Oristina guessed as much, and laying her soft cheek against Sir William's, mururaured "Wil lie," in her lour musical voice. The poor maimed body quivered with tremulous joy. - He stretched out bis other hand to Oliver, recognising him suddenly. "And here is our boy, Emily. You are both beside me now, Emily and Oliver. Somehow I fancied Oliver had gone away too; though I cannot think why that should be. We three together—you and I, dear, with the boy—can be happy—so happy!" ' The words maddened Cristina, She could no longer control herself. Flinging her arms round Sir William with a cry, she raised him till his lips touched hers— glad that Oliver should witness the em brace. "It is Cristina," she nrged, forcing her individuality upon him. . " Cristina—your future wife. Don't you remember me, Wil liam? I was riding on Whirlwind; don't yon remember Cristina?" She stared into his eyes, willing him with all the power at her command. "Cris tina !" she was saying in her mind. "Come back to the present; of course you know Cristina." And the woman's influence prevailed. She forced back the wandering intellect, till gradually Sir William recollected her face. The recent facts returned, he seemed to wake suddenly as from a dream. "My own Cristina!" he cried, using all his fading strength to bring out" the name. " You are safe, dear, not hurt at all?'.' She was wearing her riding habit still, which'brought the scene vividly back to his mind. "Yes, I am safe, but you are hurt, a-.d in pain." "It is happiness to suffer: for you, adored one. Nothing matters if all is well with my beautiful Cristina 1" _ . As he purred out' the words, Ins eye fell upon Oliver. ; .. "What are you" doing here, you young blackguard?" he stammered, -breathing hard. " How dare you" come into-my house? Get ontofit this instant! Cristina; my. love, hie is not here with my sanction, I-assure.you. Ob, believe: me; I would not have 'annoyed you for ten thousand -H-grl^t'i Before Oliver had time to move -way,' Sir William turned -with fist upraised as if to strike. He hit out wildly into the air, with a curse for Oliver on his livid lips, then fell back senseless upon the pillows. A strange and horrible sound came in his throat, and in a flash the man and ..'oman beside him knew he would never peak again.. j 