Bush iVote.s ;inil Riverside Itctlcciions. (13t 'The Vampek.') A re we Christians ? Should Good Friday be kept as holy as Christmas Day ? Well, from a MurrumbidReo capitalistic point of view, Good Friday is no more than any other day. Of this fact, unmistakable evi dence has been given of late years. v Only last week, almost within a stone-throw of NnvnTidarn. l.bp. nnt ir t^i IprR wip'hfc bavo been observed'pursuing their wonted avocations on Good Friday, as though it were any other day. The reason is patent enough ; and it wouldn't take a very searching inquiry to obtain information to the effect that any workman (on some of the sheep stations) who would dare absent himself from toil on Good Friday, should be prepared to elevate his wardrobe and seek fresh fields, etc. The question arises, however, should we, as professed Christians, revere the birth any inore than the death of Christ? Is not one equally as sacred as the other to any true Christian? Perhaps it has come to pass, however, that the really wealthy persons whom by sheer good luck or other wise, have become possessed of a large tract of this terrestrial sphere, have also by some unaccountable means managed to secure a mortgage on une nereaircr. 11 sucn ih tlio case, heaven will not be the place it has overtoon cracked up to be. ? * * * The writer is acquainted with a Murrum bidgce squatter, who, by the way, is an expert with a long-handled shovel, aud has the reputation of being pretty good at a ' snake yarn,' He told us the other day, without even a blush, that when he was 40 years of age ho could carry half a ton, that ho has shifted over 00 yards of muck in a day; and a lot of other untarnished trutliB about feats of strength and unparalleled endurance. Nobody whistled or ventured to request him to ' swirn out,' so the old gentleman retired into liimself for a brief space, and dug up'soine more ' snake yarn,' and vilified the working man of to-day ; whom, by tho way, he seems to regard Bomowhat in the same light as he does a bullock or a horse. He wound up with a a jerk, out of breath, with not even the ghost of a smile, and told us that in his notorious muck-shifting and heavy log rolling, lay the'seefet of his present success aud greatness. As we have never yet met a bad old miiniwe did not contradict him ; but, like the parrot, wo thought a lot. We might have told him that whon he came to the country, his new ehuin days weru' spent .under the protective wing of a very rich relation;, whose liberal purse aud immense wealth, together with the good times and' the good smsoas — to thoso and umc.y other favOTjiik- thing's— might, be attributed tfce secret of iiiBcreatnesB.. And we might also have added, that if he were to-be placed on the laijorlsarket sow/and it were'possible to give Aim back his youth without any rich relatives,and no prospects.-he would be in the slough of despond in a month, and would most certainly be either, the inmate of a lunatic asylum, or whaling, along the river with his bluey up within.' the short term of three-years. ? ? ? ? The river.— As we gaze afi&a; opposite bank and watch the swaying-- boughs of a giant gum, the bleak wind ruffles the surface of the intervening space which now contains a portion of the flood waters of the far away mountains — the swelling stream flowing on, on, on to the sea— and we marvel at the selfishness of those who would deprive Jeril derie o£a drink. To TflE Deaf.— A rich lady cured of her Daofness and Noises in the Head by Dr. Nicholson's Artificial Ear Drums, has sent JE1.O0O to his Institute, so that deaf people unable to procure the Ear Drum may have them free. Apply to Department, W.M., The Institute, Longcott,' Gunnersbury Street. London. W.C.» 