LITERATURE. LITERARY NOTES. [From our Special Correspondent.] LONDON, August 31. KIPLING THE BOY. There is a village in Staffordshire named Iludyard, from which, according to the ."Young Man," Mr. Iludyard Kipling gets bis. Christian name. . A lady named Mc Donald, sister of an ex-President of the Wesleyau Conference, was introduced by lier brother to Lockwood Kipling, an artist. Later the two became engaged at Rudyard, and the name was immortalized by its Ibestowal upon their baby boy. The same paper tells us that the boy Kipling lived under the happiest home influences, poming in frequent contact with such men las Sir Edward Burne-Jones and William Morris. The inspiration of such companion ship- says an abstract of the article-was not lost on the young Killings. This scrap of verse, in the handwriting of Mr. Kip ling's sister, has lately come to light. A button had fallen off her mother s shoe, find the child wrote: .Oli, button, by what Blender tUiead Wast thou affixed to my mother's boot! Why this sad hanging of thy bold, black head, 3'his withering of the root? It wag at the school at Westward Ho that the lad most frequently dropped in to poetry. He was a boy with an individuality even at fourteen, and there are many Kip ling touches in the "College Chronicle,"' which he edited for two or three years be fore he was seventeen. When inviting the boys to write to the paper, the youthful editor would insert some such notice as ithis: "Our parents have the privilege of writ ing to the 'Times'-let us write to the 'Chronicle.' Have we spiked ourselves upon a nail in the form? Let us indite burning letters to the editor, depicting the atrocity of form-spiking. Are our studies draughty? Let us weary the colleges with appeals for sandbags." The iMnpire-Poet was being born in those tearly days by the sea. In the spring of 1882, livliea au attempt was made on the life of the Queen, the editor of the Westward Ho ''College Chronicle" was moved to celebrate the event in verses, which he headed "Ave Imperatrix." Here are some of them: From every quarter of our land They gave God thanks who turned away peatli and the needy madman's hand Death-fraught, which menaced you that day. And we are bred to do your will, By land and sea, wherever flies J'our flag, to fight and follow still. And v.ork your Empire's destinies. And some of us have fought for you Already in the Afghan i'ass, ,0r where the scarce seen smoke-puffs flew. From Boer marksmen in the grass. Once more we greet you--though "unseen Our greeting be and coming slow; Trust us if need arise, 0 Queen, .We shall not tarry with the blow. . IX MUMOllY OF GOLDSMITH. The "Sun" has started a movement' Tor fthe erection of a'memorial over the burial place of Oliver Goldsmith, whose remain? lie in the Temple Churchyard. From tlr; Correspondence that has resulted the follow ing letters are selected:- .Mr. W. 1*'. Regan (says:-"You, Sir, mud have the thanks of every Irishman for your very noble and elo quent' plea; and as an Irishman, anil on ibehalf cf Ireland, 1 will consider myself (highly honoured if the Benchers will per mit me personally to defray the expense of erecting a suitable canopy to cover thc remains of my illustrious countryman." tl'he "Sun" is unwilling to accept this Irish man's generous offer, preferrm- that every lover of Goldsmith should have an oppor tunity of showing reverence to his, memory. Mr. Israel Zangwill writes:-'"Thank you for the sermon you found in the stone over Goldsmith's grave, but, as a bumble man of letters, I hesitate to claim any respect for one of my own profession, even though lie were a giant like Goldsmith. It is for the world at large to reverence, and even pension, its benefactors, if literature be in deed a benefaction. With a very few thou sands a year the Government of our great Empire could keep all its geniuses iu bread and gravestones, but John ]3ull imagines that armaments are the only Imperial in terest, and grumbles even at paying for na tional education. As a mere" reader, I should be glad, should your suggested mo nument take shape, to add my mite in ho nour of the man who achieved the triple miracle of writing a novel that lives, a play that lives, and a poem that lives." Mr. (Walter Crane says:-"I am a little afraid of the smartening up of things, especially .with the beet intentions, seeing what ra vage has been wrought in our century by endeavours to restore or replace the old by 'something more in harmony.' Those who have enjoyed the quick humour, pathos, and unworldly wisdom of 'The Vicar of Wakefield,' the charm of 'The Deserted rViUage,' to whom the humanity, in short, of Oliver Goldsmith has appealed-need no ether memorial of him and his works. A tablet in the wall with a medallion por trait might be appropriate, but I would not interfere with the stone. After all, one would rather children played round one's grave than that it should be fiigidly en closed in an iron spiky railing and marked with ton.s of marble. . . . There is plenty of room in our parks and public gardens to do real honour to our poets, and artists, and our heroes of peace, where each might at least have liis terminal bush and bay tree - as is so appropriately done on the iPincio in Rome. The memory of the ho noured dead . thus mixes ' with the living, . and breathes again with the life of the trees and flowers." Mr. Alfred Austin says:-"Goldsmith's iverse is an enduring rebuke to the tawdry Vulgarity of writing, serine overloaded with colourpothers disfigured by slang, that have earned in recent' days a resonant, if fugi tive, popularity. ... The canopy sliouvl foe, like Goldsmith's own style, simple and unaffected; a style in which the writer stands, not in front of his work, but behind it, and is enamoured of his subject, not of himself and his own cleverness." A morn ing paper asks whether this letter can have been prompted by jealousy on the part of ithe Poet Laureate. C'ONAX DOYLE ON HIS OWN WORK. A morning paper published this letter by Cohan Doyle in reply to some criticism off ered by an admirer on Dr. Doyle's earlier and later works:-"It would be ungracious indeed if I cavilled at the courteous criti cism you offer, but I would say one word an defence of my .later books. You, as a student of literature, know ho,w rare it ia to find a book which has not been suggested by a preceding; book: . . . Now it ia evident that 'all my work up to the last three or four years has been influenced :by others..- . 'ilicah Clarke,'. 'The White Company,' 'The Re fugees,' have the iiiarkof Seott- wSherloclr ^IolmeS -of Poe. Stevenson,*too, %rops up everywhere. But What .preceding book cia.n you trAute 'A "Duet'" to1? or ^Stanc, llunro' ? These "things are ttyself; spim on# of ihy toiwn heart, and purposely thrown into new forms, avoiding plot and sensation, -the one to show the inner life of a .'modern ya>ung man, the other to catch the golden hafce of love, vague find sweet, tinging common place lives. They failed with my old public, who wanted fights and crimes, but they are j subtler and more .lionest work-that I feel with all -my heart." Dr. Doyle has written to the paper protesting against this unauth orized publication of a private letter, and the editor has explained that he was not aware that its publication would be object: ed to. MR. SIMPSON NEWLAND'S LATEST. Thus a newspaper critic on Mr. Simpson Newland's "Blood Tracks of the Bush:" "It is simply brimful of sensations. It j would have been none the worse if there were less of horrors upon horror's head up - piled. But there is no denying it is one of the kind of books tliat-urges the re der along at a rare pace. One singularity must be noted. 'Mr. Newland is sumcientr. ly daring to say more than one good word for the aborigines. He tells of their he roic self- sacrifice for tyrannical white folk as matters of fact and common knowledge. The black girl, Barnie, so foully murdered by the brutal Wroithsley, is thus, one may say, a historical character, not a creation , o£ sentiment. She is the one noble example of humanity among the crowd of selfish and brutal whites, such a# Wroithsley, who figure in 'Blood Tracks of the Bush.' " A SECOND KIPLING. "Writ in Barracks," by Edgar Wallace, is a volume of verse containing much that t gives evidence of his study of the Kipling style. He apostrophizes tbat poet in some j stanzas, of which these are a specimen: But you're our partic'lar author, you're our pa tron an' our friend, You're the poet of the cuss-word an' the swear, You're the poet of the people, where the red-map ped lands extend. You're the poet of the jungle an' the lair, An' compare. To the ever-speaking voice of every wlieie! There are poets wot can please you with tlieir primrose-vi'let lays, Tliire are poets wot can drive a man to drink; But it takes a "pukka" poet, in a Patriotic Craze, To make a chortlin' nation squirm an' shrink, Gasp an' blink; An' 'eedless, thoughtless people stop an' think! Yes, the 'and wot banged the banjo an' made Tommy comic songs, 'Oo wrote of Empires, "Lion's 'Ead to Line," 'Oo found an' 'idden poem in McAndrew's In jin gongs, Was the cUeckiii' 'and wot gave the wavnin' sign, In a lino That gave the people soda after wine. Another poem, "London Calls," is already familiar to many Australians, There seven verses; these two will give an idea of its quality: 'Tis the swelling oar of Epsom, with the backer# seven deep. (0 the rush around the Corner, and the finish on I the Straight!) 'Tis tiie tinkling hum of Henley as it snuggles dov.-n to sleep. (0 the light-lined laughing river, with its fairy fancied felel) 'Tis (lie growl of Itatcliffe Highway, '(is the lisp of lfotton How; 'Tis the beauty that entrances, 'tis the horror that appals; 'Tis ilie firemen's horses tearing to the miduight sky aglow; It's u vague and restless- something. London call?! It is early morning Fleet-street, when the throb bing presses fly. (0 the Father of the Chapel! 0 the ticking, talk ing (ape!) 'Tis the universal High-street, where Hie world may see and buy. (O the steamboat of Newcastle! 0 the feather of the Cape!) 'Tis the heart of all creation, where the veins of commerce meet; 'Tis the centre seal in gall'ry, 'lis tiie booked and numbered stalls; 'Tis the barrow in AVhiteehapel, 'lis the brougham in Hegent-street; 'Tis the Commonplace-the Novel. London calls! MAlilE CORELLT. Miss Corelli dedicates "The Master Christian," which came out yesterday, to "all those Churches who quarrel in the name of Christ." There is one good priest in the book, and lie picks up a homeless ! lad. This boy represents the Christ in human form, l'rora Rouen the scene chan ges to Paris. Here the good Cardinal ' stays with his niece, who lias the genius "a MurilJo or a Raphael," and "eyes violej grey in hue, and drowsy lidded, with long lashes that swept the delicate pale cheeks in a dark golden fringe of shadow, ... Her face, form, voice, and colouring were like a chord of music - harmonious." This lady falls in love with our Italian artist. A priest with an illegitimate sou comes on the scene. Several other priests in the book also have sous. This particular son shoots his father, but not fatally, and after wards shakes hands with him. The artist lover stabs his sweetheart in order to palm off a picture she has painted as his own, but can't kill her. The Christ - boy confronts the Pope. His Holiness's figure suggests "with dread ful exactitude a corpse in burial clothes." So pale and thin is he that he "might have posed as the frail ghost of a dead Faith," as he sat on his throne "like a shrunken while mummy set hi a gilded sar cophagus." The scene between them ends thus;- . - , "J speak as One having authority, and not as the scribes!" said Manuel (the boy Christ), with a swift flashing glance, which like a shaft of lightning seemed to pierce through flesh and bone; for, as he met that radiant and commanding look, the jewel-liko eyes of the Pope lost their lustre and be came fixed and glassy- and, like a dead body which had only been kept in place by some secret mechanical action, he fell back in his chair senseless, his limbs stretching them selves out with a convulsive shudder into stark immovability." _ The Christ boy returns mto heaven; the Cardinal dies; and the reader is treated to the following expression of opinion:-"The Church, instead of being a 'brotherhood' united in the divine service of Christ, is a mere secular system of avarice and tyr ' anny." An appendix names certain "Relies of Paganism in Christianity as Approved by English Bishops." The names of the latter include the Archbishops of Canterbury and York, and the Bishops of London, Bristol, Chester, Chichester, Lincoln, Oxford, and St. Albans. The practices they are said to approve are the use of incense, the .confes sional, and hymns to the Virgin." Miss Marie Corelli's novel "Boy" is re ported to be selling well. The matter of the title caused'her much thought, and now she is not pleased with her final choice. That first chosen was "The Boy;" but this was altered at the publisher's suggestion. THE PHILOSOPHY OF WAR. "The Influence of Mars" ia worthy of spe cial mention among the cartloads of books bearing directly and indirectly on the war. This extract will give an idea of the quality and style of the stories. It states the phi-, losophy of war in a direct and forcible j way:- I "The pick of all the men tliat live within thy j lands; the men that are perfect in limb, the men that are perfect in eye, the men in the splendid vigour of youth and strength-all these" I do de mand. Tlieir, lives shall be mine to lose, to waste, or to use, as my will only shall direct." She shivered, but answered not a word; he spoke on slowly without pause-"The light of thy wo men's eyes, the joy of their hearts, the love of their lives: those whom they love, more precious each to each than life itself. . . And still she said no word, only her hands were tightly clenched. And he-"I come to ungear the wheels.of thy com merce, to silence the whirl of machines; and gold shall -run waste like a stream whose dam a great storm has burst. I come to make desolate homes, and dead ashes to lie grey on the hearth, and flame to bum brightly no more. I demand ot the chil dren their sires, of the mothers their sons,' of the | bride iier beloved; and over all'the land my sha dow shall lie beavy beeauBe of those, who will go | out and come not back again. ..." He paused. ! She stood before him motionless. Ana back through the deep caverns of her memories of past 1 years she heard again the far sound of his voice, which in the great dark days of old had asked these tilings of her. . . . And in her nostrils was the airless, acrid smell of battle, and in her month the bitter, thirsty taste of salt tears swallowed by one too .proud to cry. . . . And round her head she seemed to hear the swirl of wide wings, as of dead Fouls' rushing by, shrilling faint cries of brave deeds done in the oldjdark days, which yet ivere j very great. . . . And as she stood, her pride of possession fell from bcr, and she awoke as from a. dream, and proudly she flung back her head, the ] head she had never bowed; for there arose in her , a pride greater still, as she remembered that which, in the days of sunshine, she had forgotten, j She looked in the pale face of the stranger un-. I finehingly. "Take," she said. And these are war's blessings. "I take," he said, "but taking, I give, and greater than all 1 can take is what I will give back to tliee. Back to thy men I will give their manhood, that in peace had been nearly lost; and | strength "and endurance and sacrifice again"-shall be theirs; and, great as thy sons were of old, so shall they he again. . . . And thy women sliall be their equals, loving unceasingly, giving ungrud- I ingly. . . . Women to wonder at, worthy of J thee. . . . This will I give tliee, and more." j BRET 1IAUTE. j Bret Haite was sixty-one on Saturday, j This short biography, compiled by an evening paper, may therefore be reproduced in celebration; Bret Hart was successively miner, school teacher, express messenger, printer, editor, and world famed author, and has seen the black and the bright side of life, its ups and downs, as closely as any man alive. In 1SG4 he obtained a small appointment in the San Francisco Branch Mint, but he was unknown until in IS®) "The Heathen Chinee" made him famous, and enrolled hiin amongst the world's most piquant humoiists. Aid ed by Government patronage in the shape of seve ral official appointments he continued to court literature, to which lie found himself finally able to devote all his talents. He has written fully fifty books of poems and stories, not one of which has been a failure, while some of them have been amongst tiie most popular and successful issued in this generation. The "Luck of Roaring Camp." published in 1870; ."On the Frontier," in 1SS4; "A Phyllis of the Sierras," in 1SSS; "Susy," in 3S93, to mention but a foiv of his pieces, ensure him a lasting niche in the Temple of Fame. BUTTERFLY BOOKS. The "Academy" thinks novelists cannot expect to live in public favour for more than ten years. The days of st-eady, quae; work extending over a lifetime, and certain of continued appreciation, are gone for ever. This opinion may be doubted. If a really great novelist arose to-morrow-a man worthy to stand beside such giants as Dickens, Thackeray, or Seott-the public of our day would not tire of him. Quantity Ss still saleable if there is the requisite quality in it; bat among the writers of ou"' time to whose work can we turn with re peated pleasure until the very text becomes familiar? CATS JNT HEAVEN. The ''Westminster" is publishing a series of letters under the heading, "Cats in Hea ven." One of these, bearing the signature, "No Dogs," reads thus:-"If good dogs and cats go to heaven when they die, why not good rats and mice? Fancy a mouse dart ing across the golden pavement among the lady saints-St. Theresa and St. Cecilia screaming, and holding up their skirts in I terror. Then, if rats and mice, why not insects? Imagine parasites on the angels' wings!" It is easy to imagine an angel so liloquizing in the words of Bums: Oh! for some rani; mercurial rosel, Or fell red smeddum; I'd i?ie ye sic a hearty dose o't, .'Twad' dress your droddutn! A LONG SENTENCE. In an appreciation of a translation from the Italian of "Ca-torina Sforza," a re viewer this week writes of it as "a thou sand times more full of dramatic event than any historical novel ever written." He re marks that in the space at his command it ] would be difficult to give even a faint idea of the intense interest of this fascinating book, but he'tries, nevertheless. Here is one extrarodinary sentence in which he at tempts the task: Venice opened its arms to receive licr ((Jaterina) and her husband, and entertained licr in to sump tuous a manner that the simple language in which the gorgeous festivities are recorded by contemporary chroniclers inadvertently kindles in the imagination a scheme of colour which a Tur ner only could reproduce, and awakens a won drous mind picture of white conies, gleaming hot in the blazing sunlight, of lofty towers ris ing like spears of ja^par from an opaline sea, on which glide golden barges, contrasting with my sterious gondolas trailing after them in the pel lucid waters costly trains of brocade, garlands of roses, and bearing afloat a wondrous crew laugh ing, pearl - bedecked ruddy - haired Venetian ladies and their lusty cavaliers, gorgeous in velvet and silk, whilst on board the fantastical Uocen tore sits in state a Doge glistening like a golden idol, screened by a crimson parasol upheld by a negro page, and flashing back to the laughing sun the prismatic hues o! innumerable jewels, whilst a hundred scarlet - coated galley slaves beat time with liieir oars to the music as they row the mag nificence of the Serenissima past." St. Mark's to San Ste alia Zuecca. MISCELLANEOUS. Mr. William Watson, wiiose poetical writings are held by some to be the best work produced in this decade, is seriously til of peritonitis, A railway circulating library was mooted .some time ago, but nothing has been heard of it lately. The idea was to put bookcases iu the carriages and work them on the penny-in-the-sloti system. "The Great lioer War" will be the name of Dr. Conan Doyle's new book. Captain Mahan has dealt with the same subject. A visitor's volume is one of the latest ideas. The guest wiiites down his likes and dislikes, so that the host can study them and entertain himself accordingly. Mrs. Stephen Crane. will complete lier late husband's unfinished book. Pierre Loti (Captain Julien Viaud) has started for China as aide-de-camp to Ad miral Pottier. "The Jumping Frog" translated' cn'jo English from a French version will be in cluded in Mark Twain's new work, "The Man That Corrupted Hadleyburg," a col lection of stories and essays. 