AT THE SHEAF OF WHEAT. A Tale of the Rising of 1803. BY JAMES. MURPHY, Author of ' The Forge of Clohogue,' ' Hugh ; , . Roach, the Ribbonman,' &c.; ? ; [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] i i Chapter XXVI. .; Embbging from the stairway on to the deck, Dick Ronayne had no need to ask questions, if questions were of any use or anybody had time to mind him or them. The first glance skywards showed it all. The ; masts and sails of a ship rose high beside the For midable, almost interlocking with her, and but a few i yards separated their hulls. A boarding platform 1 had been thrown acrosB, for it and the grapp'.ing : irnna still chins to the bulwarks of their vessel. That a desperate attempt to board had been made and repulsed was evident from, the forms on the gangway and around it. Evidently the Formidable had been taken at a disadvantage, and whilst rest ing in f ascied security. The scene on both decks was indescribable. The enemy were busy reloading their cannon, having evidently just swept the decks of the Formidable with a recent discharge. The white smoke rising up in pyramids against the dark sky showed that. The British gunners were hard and fast hauling back their deck guns to load them, whilst French musketeers up in the tops and over the bulwarks were firing at them as fast as they could load and fire, to try and hamper their endeavours. For it was quite certain that whichever gunners could now load their cannon first with grape would sweep the decks of the other and leave nothing but mangled anl dying men there. And answering these fellows, the sailors of the Formidable began to fire— at first single muskets, which speedily de veloped into volleys — to protect their own can noniers. That they were not working without result wa9 clear from the gaps made in the lines of faces at the opposite bulwarks and the flop of an occasional marine as he dropped from the rigging, high up, on to the deck, shot through brain or heart. All this Dick saw with the instantaneousness of a glance at a picture. It flashed on his eyes and brain in the first look. And surely a lurid picture it was 1 The black night. The tall mast*, lifting their tops into the darkness and hidden in obscurity. The white sails sometimes hidden by the whiter wreaths of curling gunpowder smoke, at other times reflecting the lurid discharge of musketry, that threw a fleeting demoniac redness over them. And then madmen, or what seemed to be such, howling, shouting, ordering — hauling at ropes, ramming at cannon, racing with cartridges and balls ! Surely such pandemonium man's eyes seldom saw! * The lower tier of guns on the French vessel were ' so near that they could be directed almost straight into the portholes of the Formidable, when loaded and run out. Heaven help the men working at the corresponding guns of the latter. And, indeed, whilst he looked a red flash of light shot upwards along the dark space intervening between the two vessels ; there was a muffled roar as if the sea had burst open beneath ; the vessel trembled under his feet, with the shock of concussion, and an Etna of white smoke bulged upwards after the flash of lurid light ! ' Great Heavens ! what a scene of murder there must be below,' thought Dick, ' after that dis charge!' The Frenchmen, working below, had got in their broadsides first, and must have fired plump into the portholes of the Formidable. He stood paralyzed at this scene of infernal hurry, chaos, and murder. If hell had been let loose no worse scene could have been enacted. The cannoniers of the Formidable, on deck, had worked with extraordinary energy and discipline, and had their guns loaded in an exceedingly short space of time. Then, rushing to the ropes, and throwing by their rammers, they ran the guns out, their mouths protruding over the yawning abyss between the two -. vessels. The gunners stood with the lighted torches -to apply to the touch-holes. In a moment more the deck of the Frenchman would have been swept with a hurricane of grape, when— From the other side of the Formidable, in the direction opposite to which he was looking, a red flash and a thunder crash came. A hiss of hurtling grape swept by him, leaving him unhurt, but mow ing down many of the gunners. A yell of rage and defiance arose from the sailors, as they found that another enemy had taken them in flank, and a rush was made by officers and men to the guns at this side also, There was a look of determination and fight in their eyes, worthy of British seamen in the days of Nelson. The Formidable should not be taken — no! if not two but a hundred Frenchmen bombarded her ! Not, at any rate, until her hull waB knocked into matchwood, her guns silent, and her men no longer able to man them! Their . faceB, sweeping by, showed all this; and their resolute looks and sturdy determination was catching. The spirit of battle was in the air. Ro nayne joined in the rush to the nearest gun and was presently hauling at ropes, ramming home cart ridges, handling live shell, and cheering ma dly with the best of them. The demon of murder was around, and no one caiuld resist the impulse to slay. The impulse of savagery and slaughter is deep in men's hearts and needs but the spell to rouse it. How long he was working at this gun he had no conception or thought of. Time and space and sur roundings were swept from his mind. But the one feverish impulse dominated him— there was no room for any other — to load the gun, rush it out, and hear it belch its thunder at the foe. Faster, and faster, and ever faster ! In the midst of which there were loud cries and calls behind ; hoarse words of command and frantic yells in response to them. The men working at the gun— at all the guns, indeed — dropped cartridge; shell, and rammer, and seizing their cutlasses wheeled rapidly round. Black and swarthy, half naked and smoke-begrimed, they looked more like the devils of a disordered imagination than human beings, Dick dropped the rammer he held, snatched at his cutlas3, and turned round too. There wem a rush of the sailors towards the gangway at the other side. He joined in ; but at the moment his foot caught in the body of a man lying prone at the end of the cannon — one of the fallen gunners — and he was flung heavilv on the deck, falling on his fore head, his weapon pitching far out of his hand. He thought to rise, but the deck was slippery with blood, and his feet and hands slipped and glided about and failed to help him! And at that time moments were precious beyond all comparison. Raising his eyes as he groped on his hands and knees, in vain effort, he saw a sight. And the sight was this : A handful of French sailors had, as he afterwards learned, been lying down on the deck of the French man, secreted behind the bulwarks ; and, at an opportune moment in the furious cannonade, they had deftly shoved a plank across, and along this, in their bare feet and cutlass in hand, run, and with a sudden burst -jumped on to the deck of the Formid able. There were only about half-a-dozen of them, and it was pure sacrifice of life, for they could not for a dozen seconds hope to hold their lives on the Formidable. But they were skilled swordsmen, possibly ^elected for this reason, and were able just for a brief instant to protect that end of the gang way and prevent it being pushed over. And while thus sacrificing their lives in the effort, a stream of French sailors came following, racing, and leaning one after the other in hot succession on to the deck of the Formidable over the heads of the fighting few. There was nothing now to stop the onrush of the boarding party ; and it was at this moment the commands of the officers rang out, and the gunners, dropping their work, seized their cutlasses. As Dick's eyes looked in the direction, there was a furious but wholly unequal fight waging there. The French poured in like a stream of tigers, and the seamen of the Formidable, outnumbered, and at a disadvantage, went down everywhere before the steel. And, whilst thus slaying on deck, another party poured down the companion-ladders ; and the fight that raged above had its counterpart below. It was only a moment's glance Dick took, but one can see a great deal in the fleetingness of even a glance. A small band of some half-dozen of his comrades, the First Officer among them, their backs to a cannon, were defending themselves gallantly against a crowd of Frecnhmen, stabbing and strik ing at them, Ronayne made an effort to get to his feet to rush to their aid; but at the moment the knee of some one racing to do the same struck him in the back of the head, where the old wound received on the Dub lin Quay was, hurling him with great force again on the moist and slippery deck— and stunning him ??Ohe ! Levez— vous !' were the words shouted over him as he returned to consciousness, at the same time that the point of a sword pinked him on the side. The words came from one of two or three French men who stood over him, and they were uttered in anything at all but tones of courtesy. For a moment Dick could not remember where, he was or what had happened. It was raining hard and beginning to blow. Probably the firing had brought down the rain, and the cold wet on his face promptly restored his scattered faculties. But he got very little time for consideration. ' Levez-vous ! JScelerat ! Porcon !' said the same voice hoarsely, and this time the point of the sword was prodded at his breast. Fortunately the thick collar of his coat came in the way, or he would have been run through. A hand was laid on his shoulder and he was dragged to his feet roughly, feeling miserably cold and stiff. ' Let me see,' said one at his back, speaking in excellent English, 'I think I know him. Hold there, Gaston !' and the speaker stepped round to the glare of a lamp, where its light fell on Dick Ronayne's face. ' Hallo ! I thought as much. Aren't you Dick Ronayne of l'lrlande !' And the speaker laughed heartily. ' It is not long since we met before.' ' Pierre Lecointre!' exclaimed Dick, as from out the middle of a dream. ' The same, at your service ! We seem destined to be in the middle of strife whenever we meet.'' 'You here — Lecointre!' 11 Why, yes — where else should I be ?' ' Oh, my !— I feel so dazed !' said Dick, be wildered, for his head was reeling, and the man speaking to him was no more like the Pierre Leoointre of former knowledge than be was like an archangel— black, grimy, and bleeding. It was only his voice Dick dimly knew— or rather guessed at.^ ' I see you are dazed and wounded,' said Lecointre, as Dick passed his hand, dabbled in blood, across his eyes, 'and this is no place for conversation. Give me your arm, and come with me. I shall be answerable for him, Gaston— I know him of old!' This last to his companion, in French. Dick suffered himseli to be led away, he really did not know at the moment whither. So confused was he with the sudden accession of circumstances that he only knew he was being led by his ccic pan- ion over the deck and across a bridge, that both were slippy and grimy under his feet, and that, de scending a ladder, they found themselves in a cabin where officers and men, bleeding, black with gun powder smoke, and talking vociferously in French, were assembled. And then he knew that the bridge he had crossed was but the board ing gangway, and that the slippery condition was caused by blood. And, quite as well as if he had bpen conscious and witnessed the end, he knew that the Frenchmen had been victorious and that the Formidable had been captured. The Frenchmen, amongst whom Lecointre thus led him. were uDroarious in their reioicing. They were mad with fight and blood and victory. Some chorussed the Marseillaise, some drank off glasses of wine and shouted 'La Belle France ! La Gloire !' and others embraced. In the mood in which they were then they would be frightfuliy dangerous men to come across. _ They had reached that pitch of excitement in which, to one of their blood, there is no sense of fear, and all regard for life — their own or others — is lost. Dick for the moment while he vaguely looked on could understand, those heights of enthusiasm to which the French Revolutionary armies arose when they performed such deathless feats and plucked victory in many a desperate field of bottle. When also unhappily it took another turn and the streets of France ran rivers of blood. Nearly all these officers— and they seemed to be of every grade, for in the fraternization of this hour of triumph all dis tinctions of rank were lost— were wounded, but ex cept that they were roughly bandaged up no one seemed to take care or heed for that. 'This is no place for you— come with me,' whis pered Lecointre hurriedly. ' Come, come at once.' They were able to leave unnoticed; but amid fran tic shouts of ' La Gloire !' 'La France !' ' Triom phe !' and exultant hurrahs that reverberated through the man-of-war Lecointre, reached a small cabin near the poop, which he entered, Dick follow ing him. It was but a sleeping apartment, with one tunk in it, and on this Pierre seated himself, motioning to Dick to seat himself beside. Then, stretching over, he took from a little swinging cupboard a bottle and two glasses. Giving one to Dick and retaining the other himself, he filled. Dick was not without feeling the need of some refreshment after the whirl of surprising events, and when Lecointre filled the glass for him he drank it in one long, luxurious drink — so very pleasant that he prolonged it for the pure sake of enjoyment. And when he had finished it, Lecointre filled again. 'Are you badly hurt?' Lecointre asked. 'No.' ' Wounded, then ?' iftfn. T think nnfc ' Difik flftirl. 11 Your hands are covered with blood. Your face, too. You must have got a sword-cut somewhere.' ' I slipped and fell on the decks. They were running red. lam not hurt, I think. Dazed and bewildered with the fall— that is all.' ' What brought you here ?' was the next and almost brusque question. ' Surely not to fight my nation ! I did not think you were given that way.' ' Can you not guess ?' queried Dick, in reply. 'Do you know,' said the Frenchman, unheeding his answer, 'that I knew you the first moment I entered the cabin last night i' 'I saw you did.' 'Yes, I take that as being about the quickest and sharpest thing I remember doing. I had seen you only on two or three occasions, you know. And to know you here under these strange circumstances I look upon ps most creditable to my sight and me mory.' ' So it was ; but I fancy that my recognizing you under the — to me— much stranger circumstances, was quite as creditable to mine. Lecointre tossed off his tumbler and laughed, ' Yes,' he said airily, ' the whole thing was odd. Do you know you gave me an awful start ? Not many times in my life have I been so nonplussed. For tunately I was able to steady myself at once, but it was a sore trial for that brief moment to nerves and self- possession. To see you — of all others under the clouds of heaven !— to see you here ! My heart stood fairly still and the blood ceased to flow for that brief space. But I said to myself, ' Courage, you are in for it now. You must face it. Come, the need is — be bold ?!' ' You did not show much symptoms of affright, still lesB of faltering,' said Dick. ' Why should you?— there was no need for it. I was not one at whose presence to be affrighted.' 'Affrighted ! I never held my life by so narrow a hold before.' 'No?' 'No, never. For a moment, when my eye fell on you, my heart stood still. The pulses died out of my wrist. For a brief spell my sight scattered. All at sight of you. It was so surprising, so unex pected, and so appallingly dangerous,' ' Dangerous !' said Dick. ' How dangerous ?' ?? Tell me, Dick. Have you— but I am sure you haven't— seen a charge of French cavalry, when the long column of horses and flashing swords have to turn a bend in the onward movement, and when each half of the column is in view of the other. When the portion of the column coming to the angle is in view of that that has passed, and that which has passed sees the other coming. When they throw up their swords in salute to one another, and the cheers and hurrabs that arise set men and horses mad ! When the first ranks put spurs to their horses, despite their officers'. commands, and bend low in the saddle to get a better grip of stirrup and sword, And the fellows behind, with a hum— you could call the checked breathing and the sound it made by no other name, when they bend low, too, and ride harder — you have never see that !' ' No, I have not,' said Dick, who wondered what it was all about. ' I mention this because it is the nearest thing that strikes me in illustration. When you see that, Dick, and when you see the officers impelled by the nerve of the men, fling up their sword-arm, too, with the flashing steel in it and hurrah, as their column thunders forward after them, then you may know that the enemy in front, be it a division of huBsars, be it a square of grenadiers, be it a massed battery of artillery, are only biding their time, and that Death is just clutching them by the throat. I have often wondered and tried to imagine what could be the feeling of the hapless men when such a force— so huge, so resistless — were coming straight before their eyes. I had that feeling for a second or two last night when I saw you here.' ' Indeed,' said Dick. ' Why ?' ' Why ! Why, in the first place to see you at all. I had not thought of you for months I have not seen you, you remember, since that night at the South Wall in the bay of Dublin. To see you any where would be a surprise. But to see you here in a British man-of-war— a 70-pounder— closeted with the captain— on apparently confidential terms with him, was certainly a thunderbolt out of the blue !' ' You were an equally great surprise to me— I must say that,' said Dick. ' I saw I was. I saw that you were nonplussed. Your eve grew fixed and vour iaw fell. You were light a ghost. I thought to myself— if so rapid a process could be called thinking — * If the devil only keeps him like that for. five minutes I am safe. If he gets the use of his tongue I shall swing from the yardarm at dawn. All the legions of France can not save me. I am in the trap of Death ! And my faith, so Iwas!' ' Why ?' said Dick, rather taken aback at this view of the question. ' Why, man, if you had only recognized me, if you had only spoken to me, any thing at all occurred, to lead to explanations, if any suspicion of the faintest at all arose— I was a lost man. The French army would have one officer the less. I was as clearly doomed as if my head were on the wooden block of the guillotine — where, by-the-bye, a great many better fellows' heads have been — and saw the knife descending !' ' You don't mean that you were acting as — *— ' Dick hesitated to complete his question. ' A spy ! you would say ?' said the other, com* pleting his unfinished question. ' Well, something, like that — though not quite. War cannot be carried on without some practices of the kind. But I was seeking valuable information — and I got it. A 'word, a sign, a motion from you would have stopped it— and stopped the current of my life, too !' ' Gracious skies !' cried Dick, on whom a new light was breaking. ' And it was.you who came on board at midnight a few nights ago ?' ' It was, and if my messenger had not gone astrsy in Mb searching for that fireship, and gone out of his course, to-night's affair would not have been necessary. There would have been another story to tell that night. But how do you know ?' ' I was on deck at the time.' 'You were!' ' Yes.' 'No.' . ..-.??? ei I was, indeed. And I'll tell you what's more, Pierre,' said Dick, on whose tongue the generous wine had a loosening influence, and encouraged, moreover, thereto by the confidence of the other; ?? I'll tell you what's more ; 'twas I steered the fire ship into the man-o'-war roads at St. Malo . Captain Hammond told you so before. And he tola you the truth. Now, then ?' 'You ! Impossible !' ' No ; it was a fact, I assure you.' 'It is incredible.' ' It is true for all that. And if to-night s affair, as you call it, had not happened, I should have an officer's epaulettes on my shoulders for it-^ it i should nave worn them, which I would not. There, now ! — what think you of that r' (To be continued.) 