? frukfutetw'sStntijMi WNL RAYNOR. ? ? . . marked ia nd Wt ( to call NonVs attention to it. . | , D&I339B.; HOBMOAfiTUL—On Saturday, the 8th 8sptasobsr,** WorryJohn atmrt Binigde yewyel yy»e«tey, elw ee Norah stand at tbe paper with dry eyes, ber In* drawn tightly together with aa expreeenje of inwtM "gooy ah her face. Then nabtfe came to b«r talief, and Ac sobbed pitsoosly. ** Dead!" she cried. " Ob, or poor, poor Jack! • The hgtt of my life i« blotted oat" And it aesned aa If she spoke truly. Instead of the bride, happy VotA of cid, she bsoame u if by the towk of a wgMu'i wand a plodding, careworn young woman, goia; about her «nk in her father's borne witboot heart, and ^mplj a* a matter oi duty land routine. ; In one short day die appeared to hare aged itenui. I Nonh's lasher was a grooer, hot Ms trade was not flourishing. He waa a shopkeeper of tbe old school; competition bad arisen whiob be cotdd not oope .with; pal that, and : an unfortunate tendency on hia put to drown .his earea in tbe cap that inebriate*, had aant him an tbe downward rath. By f»r» hit largest creditor waa Frank Parkoter, a young Ban of meant who had enooeedaft to*good t aluili «sV) grocer's boaineea; and Frank bad Mien bopsuedy in lore with Norah Balmer I—hopeleeriy. became ber heart waa already '(i» to Jack Honeulk Prank, however,. iwaan pnrsatunt enitor, and bad mote than' .ansa intimated to old Samud Balmer that if he could induce hi* daughter to aooept him Jhe would wipe ofi all hu debt* and ptartirallj pension the old man off. 1 To do Mr. Balmer jastioe, he bad nut, ,hitherto, preoeed Nurab on the subject. He respected ber" lure for Jack, and now that 1 Jade waa dead, after allowing-time for tbu iflnt passionate grief to aubdde,,be gently put at it to her whether ahe eoold not faring herself to many Krank Parketer and save I her old father'fcnd herself from Mm. ! Norah did not care what happened to her, and ahe allowed herself to be led like a lamb • to the aUuirbter. ( Flunk Parketer'a and Norsk's taatea did I not prove to be in omuon. Fut, food of & .'town fife, and a little gim to betting, be aooo got tired of hie handsome. quiet wife, jand, seeking tboee pleasures that were oon- : genial to hizn, he left her at home to ear* fur i their only cbtld, a giri. Numb. Mm. Parketer paHivdy enbmitted to bis neglect; and whefa, after «z yearn of wedded I life, ber husband died from tbe (fleets of ! diaapariou, leaving bis affairs ao involved that | elm was thrown on the world almost I penniless, die applied bemdf with qoiet 1 fortitude to die tank of mating bread for ' hendf and her daughter. AM a mother die lowed her little Norah devotedly, though ber life, so to speak, was buried with Jack Horncutie. I • " ! Little Norah waa "litHe" no Although only sixteen die waa tall, sedate and pensive expeenrion whirfa gave her an appearance of being older than abe really waa. ; lbs. Parketer bad eontrived to keep her daughter and herself by means of her needle, bat her eight bad lately been failing,and 'tbe doctor told ber that abe mast give ber eyee a complete mt or ahe would very likely go blind. This seemed impossible, Me, 1 had set bemdf to lean hot bat young abort band and I typewriting, and waa now trying, bard to i obtain a situation, ao aa by M earnings to j let her mother have tbe rest she required. I 8he ajnwsred advertisemenia and eagerly : watohed tbe postman on bis rounds, but i disappointment had hitherto been ber lot. I At last, however, one morning, there waa die nominal but welcome "rat-tat.'* "Mother, mttherl" sheoried. "I'vegota letter. I am to ao and aee tbe gentleman this morning. It'a at the * Australian Woo Agency' in Moorgate street." " I pray God yon may be soeeessful, my Oh, I amaurelsball get tbe plaoe," cried KonUi bopafully." IbaveapresoiiHuimtthat | " Ah. chad, presentiments, when tbey am of good fortune, are mostly thoughts bora of wMms," replied her mother. "But let me look at the letter." Morah banded ber a typewritten note. 1 "Mr. Horuoaatk will be giad if Miss Sietater will sail upon him to-morrow mornrair at eleven o'clock- 1 ' "Hntuuaade!" murmured Mm. Parketer. ** Bow different It would all have been if puur JmA had not died." " What did you say, mother r" aAod Vonh. " Nothing, my darting. 1 waa only thinking. Tbe name of Hnrnossrie reminded me of aouMuue whom I knew ytmtm ago. If the name gi« fur anything in tbe war of gowl look," abe added, with a ghost oi a smile, "you ought to hemmsfll. >orah. anxiuuii not to be late, arrived is Moorgate «treet fall tan mlnates too soon. \- Ha youtb who was in the office knew ber errand, and the idea of this (all, ladytik* giri being his WVwhWi was enrious to Inm. He raepivedher with a strange mixture of shy respect and familiarity. " Mr. Horneastle hasn't come yet, miss," he aaid. " It's not a market day, yon know, and he's never hen before dma an * offday* • " "OH, thank you," dm answered timidly. "I win wait." "Here's a <gbair, miia," said the eierk, as lie drifted one towards her. "The guvnor's nm to be here at eleven. He's awfully pnnetnal." The ten minutes seemed an age to lfonrii, but "precisely aa the dock fa tbe fUnk of Rngland dangedout the hour the ofiesdonr was thrown open, and a fin^ hroad- Aonldeved, athMie-btoking man of about furtv yearn of age, or perhaps a Uttfe aMa, Walked in. He glannedat tbe giri who was dtitfng tn the miled-in spaee that did fcr a wairing-niom, and, as he did aa, We .lane pried visibly and be stamd iat berse«aedly that die Mt qnite eunfnaed. < "Ah! You've called in answer to my note, hsven't yonf" he aaid, as be n"tfOBd her riling colour. "I will aee yoe sknoal hntnedistdy—m aoon aa I have epemed my lettem." The letters wen few and unimportant that morning, and what there were were yakkly But Mr. Hnracastia aat with bis chin oo his bsnd in deep thought. "Strange 1" be muttered.'*'! her letter out of hundreds touaueei'nt the name of Korah, and she's the very image «( my poor awpalt-ju*." - . Hwn I*'reuminbiaed that dm -BK*" "" naidng, aod he called far her &,be shown in - V -TMrnhM, Mis. IWketw," be said, as^ ^dfcd fuD apoo her. typewriter T f W wn» ter dw replied. 'But "I have learnt rt, dr." «vat." J—I've not had I TWeUg. dronw griitlemtn *«a very nlee ^Sdreaamrnig, Horah tb«»H end It gave U oonnge. She took the note from his dintstimi and Ijped It absoiutely witbupt ndstaka. «that's famondydone.'T be said. And he fiBeted her • wage which (was oanddcrably more than she had eipectedi «In can start to-mccroW," beoontinued. "But before you go might 1 ask yon a few questions aa to yoareeJf f" -. Karnh crinuotied as die opmed her Uttle _ . dr," she answered. "I hen aa to my danpht from in and also one frwlb firm bat worked far at h> our trcapect- "f did not mean that," Ke ti . with a wave of die hand. " I am" 1 ' with you nything of that tort. But yon forcibly of aomoone da*. Where were you born f" Tbe abrnptneee of tbe quediun atarded ber. ^ *' I—I was born at Smartstooe in STotksklre, air." "Very extraordinary! Very extrsorduwrr!" he pzcleimed. "Haveyon anyone of die name of Balmer in your family t" "Mymother'l maidou name waa Behner," •heraM. "It's strange," he eried. I thought that I knew every family in SmarMontL and yet I only knew one Balmer. Samuel Balmer, the grooer." "He waa my grandfather, dr. I recollect bfm wdL He wed when I was six yearn old, just before my own father tlied." Mr. Hueneustle jumped from bia cbair aod walked die room mildly. "Is yoor motherV name Norah, like youruf'be asked. *' Tea, her name's Norah, sir." "Thai I've been wjnkedly imposed upon," he cried. And, (booting to the vonth in the idoe, he told him to fetun a cab immediately. Then he tmknked a safe and took a amall packet of newspapers from a drawer. \- And in len than half an hour a cab containing Mr. Hornoastie and tbe wondering Namb drove up to tbe little bouse at Highbury, when dm and ber mother lodged. "Norah!" "Jade I" And Mr. Hornosstle's newly-engaged lady dak waa uetuunded to eee her employer sein her mother, who started sobbing hysterioolly, and dlup her to bis breast " I cannot have yon for a dak, Norah," raid Jack Horneastle, after be bad heard her mother's story. '* You must be my daughter instead." "But, Jook 1" cried Mm. Ekrketer. "I doa't uuderstand it. Your death waa advertised in the paper." "hvujMti, ray love," he said. "1 have die old copy of the Smartstone Ckrmich in mv pouket. Look I" And Mrs. farkrter and yomig Ifonh read die advertisement of the former's death. "Yes, it's in that paper," aaid Mrs Parketer. "But 1 can swear it wasn't the real Snwrtctone O'rmixit. because father took it every week, and—and It's absunl!" " Someone must have falsified the paper* both in Australia and^n Kugland, aaid Jack. Some villain " "Hush, Jack," she said, gently. "It mtwt have been Frank. He's dead. 1 ' And ao it proved. Jack met a man in London some tune afterwards who had been at Wurfywayo, and who knew a 1 rioterin the newapapet office, a relative r»f On bis deathbed this printer had confessed to Jack's informant that be had altered tbe type, fay arrangement with Parketer, after the regular wpiea of the paper had been printed, and bad inserted a false notice of Jack's death in it. "It aeemed to haunt him in his dying hour," said the nun. "He told me all about it, and made me pfumine to try and undo any uiitthief that might have been done. But it waa ao long agd that I thought it better not to take auy nouoe.'' " But bow about the Smartstone paper f" queried Jack. Oh. of ooune, Parketer must have played the same triok there, tuu 1 He bribed somebody in the office to strike off one false print. It wotild be eatay enough if the paper wasn't • ereotvped.'* 