ARCHBISHOP REDWOOD'S DISCOURSE. His Grace the Moat Rev. Dr. Redwood, Arch bishop of Wellington, preached the special sermon from the text — ' And the word was made flesh and dwelt amongst us, full of grace . and truth9' (John i , 14 ) My Lord, Rev Fathers, and dear brethren, — In these inspired words we have conveyed to us two great and far- reaching truths First of all, we obtain a knowledge of the great primary and cen tral truth of all Christianity, namely, the divinity of Our Lord Jesus Christ. The: inspired Evange list, looking into the very abode of thp .Divinity, cast his inspired eye into the very realms; of hea yen, realizing, hearing, and seeing the very word of God, consubstantial to the Father's, equal to all things. He sees Him Creator of the world and Creator ot all things; The word was with God, he says, and the word was God. All things were made by HimrrwithoutiHim nothing, was made of the things that were made. And then, he says tha,t the] Word wan made flesh--that is, took the human nature in .allt things like ours, save -that it was exempt from sin. 'Therefore 'that Word Eternal took a soul like ours, but sinless, ^created by the God-head out of the virginal 'substance of Marv, and in the very ' instant that this soul and body came 8up'ej;naturally from nothingness He jinited them to a Divine personality, so that. there was made the great and marvellous being Jesus Christi the incarnate God, the true God through all eternity — the God-man from the moment when He assumed that human soul and human body. But in Christ there was no human personality, r but only a Divine one. The Divine one took the place 'of the human personality in Jesus Christ, and be came the one centre of all His actions— the one centre to which all His emotions of soul and body were referred and from which they received their dignity. And in order to enable you ''to conceiye some notion at least of this marvellous mystery I will take an illustration from your. own selves. You are combined beings. Yoix have the spiritual and immortal soul and the human body, and what makes you . liuman ' beings responsible for your human actions is ' your human ' personality V Your sou1, your, intelligent soul, is master bf itself —is the centre of all; its actions, having the eon-, trol and possession of 'all .human, actions,' and giving to all of them the dignity of the human soul; in which that personality dwells, so that when you do any action you alwayB refer it to your human personality. You say 'I think,' 4lX»ee,' 'I will,'!* I live,' ?? I hear ' ' I, touch/' ?' I: feel.' Who is that */ 1' speaking ? It i» that human personality to which all is referred, and from which all your actions tower immeasurably above, the actions of those pt a dumb anjmal, and have the dignity and perfection of human actions. In Jesus Christ there 'is no such human personality at all — never was and neyer can be, but instead of that hutoaii gerponality He put His Divine person ality, and then all the actions done by His soul and body were Divine, inasmuch as they all belonged or were controlled, or were wrought by Hie Divine personality. Jesus ChriBt could truly say, ' God speaks, God walks, God lives, nay, God dies for the salvation of the world.' There in a few words is the inception of the grand dogma or truth that the Incarnation is the keystone of the whole Christian Bystem. and if that is denied, Christianity is swept away, and Jesus is a mere man— nay, an impostor, because He declared Himself to be the Son of God. If this doctrine were not true He would have lied j but it is true, and He proved it by showing Himself the master of the world- He cotna.andei the windd and the storms. He walked upon the seas . and raised the dead to life, and said, 'Nay, I havg the power of life and death, t have the pdwet to laV down My life and take it up again,'* and He said He wou'd die for the fcatvatidn ot mah to wash away the in&ult; of the sins of man, and He said-, '.t will rise' again from the dead and I will do it Myself '' .Thereby He proved His Divinity to the world by His resurrection, so that the best part (A mankind— the only progressive part of mankind — believed. '?-.,. Tlt*»SE WHO DENY CHRIST. ; If you look around you you will find that every nation that has not accepted the Divinity of Jesus Christ is a marvel of misery and stagnation as com pared with our Christian civilization. Look at China Has she progressed for the last 2000 or 3000 years? Did Japan progress ? No, .not until she^ had begun to work on Christian lines in the light of Jesus Christ Who had said, 'They shall walk and progress and go on because of the light ~ in which they ?walk.' Our Saviour proved His Divinity by His Own resurrection and stands bef ire the world as -the God-man, the God incarnate, and that sublime truth is conveyed in the first part of the text I have quoted, 'The Word was made flesh and dwelt amongst us.' What were the gifts, what were the blessings He was to bestow upon mankind ? Not merely during His own lifetime, but the progress of His Holy Church to HiB second coming. They are conveyed in this text. He dwelt amongst us full of grace and truth— and truth and grace are the two great gifts of Christ to mankind— both while He walked this earth visible to man's eyes; and also after He had departed He left behind Him a society to represent Him and to Continue His work— nay; to be His very living Body, the organ of His truth and His grace Until His second com ing. The first great gift was supernatural truth. No doubt before Christ's coming man had his reason and a various amount of natural truths whereby he could rise to a oertain knowledge of Divinity and to a certain worship of the principles and life of that Divinity, but history is there to attest that mankind left with reason alone always degenerated, always fell back to idolatry, with the exception of one nation which God raised up and sustained by working marvels until He came to proclaim the whole circle of supernatural truth. When He came into the world how did He announce Him* self ? in what way did He proclaim His mission J He did not speak aB a human philosopher and say ' I stand before mmkind as a seeker after truth— as a lover of truth !' But Jesus' Christ being the God man spoke as God, and therefore said : ' I am the life, the truth— the eternal truth, speaking to men by the human soul and the human voice.' But it is the Divine peisonality speaking— it is .the living God Himself who speaketh to the world. 'I AM THE TRUTH;' and when He was summoned before the powers of the world, when the hour of darkness was allowed to prevailand Pilate summoned Him to say why 'He came into the world and what was -His mission, how did He answer? 'For this I was. born and for this c*me I into the world that I should bear witness to the truth.' Here is Jesus Christ declaring Him self to be the truth and come to witness and pro clainV that truth to the world, and so He com pleted the whole circle of revealed truth which God condescended to give to mankind, and He corrected many errors that may have crept in with regard to supernatural truths that were revea'ed by the prophets before His coming and completed' the whole circle of supernatural truth. He taught it to the multi tude at large, so far as they were able to compre hend. He did it intimately, closely, perfectly, to the chosen knot of men called apostles or disciples TX«* A^nnn 4-Vtn«vi fvnnt fda win a tin Am r\9 *v\ a ** tr 1 to fl Ann imparted to ' them great light to their minds, strength to their wills, and great knowledge of His sublime doctrines For three years they followed His footsteps, imbibing these Divine truths and saturating their minds with them. Yet that was not enough. He^aid that they were not yet able to take in the grand circle of supernatural truth, and that when He died upon the Cross that He would rise again in His glory and would send to them a new Paraclete, an instructor, a counsellor like Himself, to teach them the truth, to abide with them for ever, to suggest to them all the truths He had taught them. After His resurrection He ap' peared to them and opoke to them of the Kingdom of Qod He' would found— that spiritual Kingdom — in other words His Church, which was to gb on with His authority, speaking with Hib own word?, imparting His gifts, until He should come on the last day ' .'.?'. , THE CHURCH'S COMMISSION He gave them their grand commission, and see with what Divine words, with what majesty, He communicates to them that mission. He says, 'As the Father sent Me I also send you with the same Divine .mission as My own.'* He also Bajs ' AH power is given Me in. Heaven and on ear h Go, therefore' -4-mark the sublime conclusion of that Divine mission,. of that Divine power— ' Go, there fore, in My name and teach ye all nations of the earthi make disciplea of all nations; teach them to observe- the things whereof I have commanded you.' And that grand commission wan not; only lor the 1st century or the 6th century or the l«th century or. the 19th century or for. any other century, for He says, ?? Behold I am with you all days, even unto the consummation of the world, He that heareth you heareth Me,, and he that despiseth ,you de-. spieeth Me and him that sent Me.' There, then, i ib a society established by the God man, Jesus,- to go forth and speak in His name and to speak with faith and authority— the Church, if*. She alone dares to say to the whole world that she i is able to, is obliged, that, she is. bound i by a duty which she cannot avoid, to teach the t world and to teach infallibily what Jesus Christ - has taught, as to what men have to believe and to 1 do in or tier fo work out their supernatural 1 destiny and to attain to the possession of God for j all eternity. She therefore speaks a8 no one else - dares to speak. She says : ' I have received the ] spirit of truth to abide with me for ever,' and if 1 she has received the/ spirit of infallible truth from ' God, how can she fail when she has the promise of Jesus Christ that He will be with her for all days, : not for a century nor for a hundred centuries for all we know, but for the end of the wcrld— the con It summation of the world ? . Surely, then, if Jesus is God, and He makes a promise, He is ab'e to fulfil it, and He is fulfilling it. THE CHURCH OF THE NINETEENTH CENTURY speaks as she spoke in the first. At the first she jrevealed the truth of Jesus Christ, and He imparted the power of proving His Divine truth by the gift of miracles. When the Church was established, so that like a mighty tree she should be visible to the whole universe, there was no need that these miracles Bhould be exhibted. When you plant a small sappling you water it for a time until it is strongly rooted, but as it thrives and grows it needs no water, but is sustained by its own strength and vitality. So that the Church was watered by this marvellous gift of miracles. But when the Church began to walk in all her majesty, beautiful and strong in all things, there was no further reed of miracles Her presence in the world and her marvellous career is the greatest of all miracles. There she stands before the world preserving and teaching for mankind the truths .which Christ imparted. Had He not nude this 4 grand organization they would have been frittered away as Divine truths had been frittered away be ;. fore His coming. But He is a God of infinite ' .wisdom, and being perfectly acquainted with ' human wisdom He organized a living society, and now the truth cannot die out, because it is taught by that society, which will go on teaching His truths unfailingly until the end of the world, v ,In this manner Jesus Christ came to 'teach the truth, and in this manner pre served it. He did not come to teach the mere prin ciples of politics or science. He left that to human discovery. He left the world to find out these secrets for itself. He said: 'Here is the world, find out the secrets of that world yourselves, and as far as you can you are welcome to them, and the t-: more .you discover the more you wili be singing hymns of praise to My power and wisdom; but you, are not made for this sphere or this world alone. You are not merely My subjects, but I make you to be My children and to lift you up to a supernatural destiny, and have given you a share in My,Son8hip Jesus Christ, and I now intend that you shall have communicated to you truth superior to your reason, grand mysteries too great for your reason to fathom. They must be accepted in faith. You' must all believe them now, but a day will come when they shall be seen ; therefore I give you a sublime and supernatural destiny, and therefore your mission is to be prepared by the reception of supernatural truth that you may attain to the higher level of the destiny for which you are made. Now you have that supernatural truth amongst you ; it is taught by My Church, and will be taught till the end of time, and so men will be made free in their intellects by Divine truth.' For, He said, ' the truth shall make you free' (that is, intellectually free). When a man's intellect adheres to error can you say it is free ? No; it is a slave of error, and the de gradation, humiliation, and the disgrace of the human intellect is to adhere to error. But its majesty, its beauty, its dignity, its glory is to adhere only to the truth and when it secures a knowledge of the truth then it is free. As our Saviour said, 'You shall know the truth (that is supernatural truth), and it shall tell you whence you come, whither you go, and what you must do to gain your destiny— the three things that human intellect never could have found out for itself. You shall know the truth, and ic shall make you free— free in your intellect, free from vice in your will and passions. He that adheres to sin becomes the slave of sin. This was the great gifr of the god . ,;-:.; ; . . . ; man. ? . to the world— the gift of supernatural truth that He himse if taught and preserved by the authorized society ^ntil He comes himself again to confirm it it by. a general judgment. It is not enough to know, the truth, but the great thing is to live up to it, because man is weak, and is fascinated by the things of this world; by what he sees and feels and touches and enjoys, by immediate contact. It follows that he is more inclined to these sensible things than to the spiritual things which are eter nal, and which are to be the decision of hie destiny, and therefore he required special help to overcome his weakness. Intellect sometimes sees what is right and would adhere to it, but one says, ' Oh, my heart, oh, my paBsions ; I cannot make up my nind to overcome them. I am dragged down by ny passions, and therefore feel myself a kind of -lave. I need some great strength to aseiat me to )vercome the various foes that assail me in these lower pasBions,' and that power imparted to man kind is what we call grace. ' And Christ came Eull of truth and grace.' He gave grace to over some the obstacles, and to live a sublime, super natural lite as a preparation for that sublime and heavenly supernatural destiny. He imparted, therefore, grace while He lived, and left provision to cany it out when He departed. He, there fore, gave to the Church— to the societv he established — truth and virtue and power to wash away sin from the soul of man. He gave power to the apostles to absolve from sin, when the 8 inner was truly penitent and ready to lead a changed and better life. In that case then the priests of the Church — the successors of the apostles, had power to absolve from sin, for, as He said, after His resurrection, while He breathed upon them, thereby imparting His own Divine spirit, ' Receive ye the Holy Ghost, My own Divine spirit.' What for ? Because Christ said, ' Whose sins ye shall forgive shall be forgiven, and whose sins ye shall retain shall be retained.' Sometimes they were to be retained, and sometimes absolved, and how «iould they retain or absolve unless the sins were made known ? Consequently the Saviour had declared that they ahould make known their sins secretly to the priest, who had the power to pronounce sentence after the person confessing had been his own accuser, and with him rested the power of granting absolution. He gave the Church the power to give grace to every kind of man in any need of humanity, and in every stage of humanity, and he did this by instituting the seven great channels of Divine grace, the Sacraments, which, like seven huge rivers, flow from the Sacred Heart of Jesus, filled with His own precious blood, as it were. HOW THE REDEEMER'S GIFTS ARE APPLIED It is not enough that Christ should suffer, or that He should be a reservoir of grace for us, but. further, we shou'd be put in communication with, that grace. If you have a grand reservoir in this city, of what avail is it unless the water is brought to your household ? What is the use of it unless it is applied to you ? So of what avail would be the merits of Jesus Christ unless they are applied to the soul? And bow are they applied ? First by the great instrument of prayer, and secondly by those superabundant channels, the Sacraments, and they are given for every stage and condition of mankind. By illustrating the supernatural life we ?will easily Bee they are adapted to every need of mankind, and every age and condition of life. Take the human being. What does he want? First of all existence— life. He must be brought into the world by his birth. So in the spiritual Fense what is required to raise man to the higher life r He must be born into it- That is done by the Sacrament of Baptism, which makes him a member of the great Society of Jesus Christ and His Church upon earth. Then the child having been born, must grow and must thrive. He must grow strong and vigorous until he attains man hood, and is strong enough to defend himself, and to work out his destiny. So the spiritual child has to be strengthened and made perfect, and that is done by the Sacrament of Confirmation, to impart not only the dignity and power of a child of God, but the dignity and power of a soldier of God The child requires to be fed continually. He must take his daily food, other wise he will soon grow weak and be powerless for the discharge of his human duties. So the spiritual child requires to be fed, and Christ feeds him by the Sacrament of His Divine life, by the Pacrament of the Blessed Eucharist, and so we see the depth of the Christ life What shepherd ever fed his flock with his own body and blood ? Yet Christ feeds His flock with His own Divine precious blood, and that is their food par excellence. ' My flesh is food enough. My blood is drink enough. He that eateth My flesh and drinketh My blood hath life everlasting already in his soul. As the plant is in the seed and the flower in the bud he hath life everlasting, and I will raise him up in the last dav. He abideth in Me and I in him. UnleBs ye eat of My flesh and drink of My blood ye shall not have life in Me' In this way He provides the blood by which they thrive* and fatten by the Sacrament of the Eucharist, Then the child requires some means when it falls into sickness or is stricken by leprosy or by some loath some sore by which it shall be cuied, The spiri tual being, too, requires a remedy if he be stricken down with the leprosy of sin or by the variousail ments fatal to man arising from sin, and that is provided by the Sacrament of Penance, as 1 have already shown to you ; and in order that there may be ministers to do these wonderful things in the name of Jesus Christ, it was necessary to have a body of ministers appointed by Jesus Christ for this purpose, and this is done by the Sacrament of Orders to give the priests and others the power, the authority to overcome sin and to administer the various Sacraments, Then, in order that Bociety may live humanly and that it maybe blessed in its very sources and origin, there is required a special Sacrament to sanctify the very beginnings of human life, and this is brought about by the Sacrament of Matrimony. The man and woman who give their consent to the contract of wedlock are lifted to the high dignity of sharing with God the function of imparting life. And there is also required a Sacrament consoling and strengthening man in his troubled hour, when laid on a bed of sickness, tormented in every sense, Mb mind growing dim, his senses beginning to fail. The world is slipping from him, and, assailed by terrible temptations, he requires strength, and that is im parted by the Sacrament of Extreme Unction. The priest anoints him in the name of God. It has a (stimulation to lift him up, and if he be in sin hie »ins may be forgiven. CHRIST PRESENT WITH US. By comparing the spiritual society with the natural society you see how these seven channels are perfectly adapted to every need of humanity and every stage of human life, and that is what is implied in the inspired words of the Apostle, who said, 'Christ lives amongst. us full of truth and grace.' He has dwelt amongst us in life age after age He will dwell amongst us until His second coming full of truth to put us right, full of grace to assist us to lead lives worthy of Himself and to fol low His noble example. He did not merely come to us to preach the truth and show us how to carry it out, but to give us a living example, of the truth, and this was His greatest gift to man. He came and He lived that truth, and left His life as a standard for all -who follow Him. It is to that sublime life you are called. You are called the children of JeBUB Christ. We as Christians are told to realize in some degree at least, and in a degree sufficient to stand the test of the searching judgment of Jesus ChriBt. before 'Whom we must appear, to realize His life sufficiently so that He will find we are ail like Him, worthy of Him. Ab the Apostle eaid, ' You must be made con formable to Jesus Christ or you will be rejected by Him.' 8o, my dear brethren, we all as Christians have to realize this sublime ideal and to exhibit in the world the sublime virtues of Jesus Christ. JTou Catholics, by the very fact that you are Catholics, declare to the whole world that you intend and are bound to give to the world a specimen of the virtues of Jesus Christ, and what a fatal thing for y ju if you do not' reach that high ideal If you become ashamed of the Cross of Jesua ChriBt bya life of shame or possibly of unchastity or by any other exoeBS, what a fearful misfortune, what a disaster to so miss your destiny and become shut out from the life of Jesus Christ. In order that you may never be so, in order that these Divine truths may ever be before you and that these Sacraments may be at your disposal, you are building a church of Jesue Christ in which may be carried out all this wonderful and sublime programme. THE MATERIAL CHURCH. The church you are going to erect is & noble edifice situated on a grand and elevated site, and will be a landmark and a chief ornament of this city. It will be built of solid material, and will be of beautiful design and of vast dimensions. It will stand there as a monument forever to your faith and your devotion to Jesus Christ, and an evidence of your determination to carry out in yourselves, your children, and your children's children the grand programme of life laid down by Him. In this Church you will hear the word of God preached Sunday after Sunday. It. will come with the authority of Jesus Christ, Who has sent ministers of the true Church to speak in His name, and when you are burdened with sin you will go to the minister of God and he will prepare you to receive the inestimable grace of the body of Christ in the Sacrament of the Blessed Eucharist. And when you want to join in the bonds of holy wedlock it is there at the rails of the altar of that new church that you will go to give to each other your sacred words of troth. Then if you are on your deathbed with no one to come to you in your sickness, you will always find a friend in your priest. In that time of terrible trouble and despair he will impart to you the Sacrament of the Church in the solemn momenta of death. And when your children are growing up and require strength and guidance the Bishop will come to lay his hands upon them and impart to them the spirit of God by the Sacrament of Confir mation to strengthen them and make them perfect Christians. It may be that the day will come when you will Bee an ordination in that church, and so all the grace of Sacraments, sanctification, and conso lation will be found in that monument we are going to erect. What a noble purpose, therefore, stimu lates us and how are we to rejoice. It is. a grand and noble undertaking you have f-et yourselves to realize, and no doubt your parish priest here re joices at the thought of the foundation-stone that has been laid so solemnly ; and he knows that you will rally round him and will not allow that stone to remain there, or the building to remain un finished, but that you will afford him the means to raise up a structure worthy of yourselves and your faith ani devocion, and which will stand as an eter nal testimony to your faith and fidelity to your | religion. In conclusion, I have to exhort you in the | name of your Bishop — who is so zealous for your :, good and eo able and willing to obtain for this dio- !,; cese every blessing ; and I have no doubt he will in . '' a short period — in the name of your parish priest — whose virtues speak so loudly, and whose life is a ! household word amongst you — that to-day you -will |; be worthy of yourselves, nay, that you will surpass j yourselves, that you will by the generosity of youv j; contributions so encourage your priest and lighten -? his heart that the great task he has undertaken j may become to him comparatively easy. Then I ii have one other word to say, and that is how happy j I am to be here and to share the joy and hope of ;; this glorious celebration. My wish is that soon this j] noble ohurch may be finished, and if I have the | privilege to come again into your midst that I may j see a vast congregation assembled in it, and again ;? share your joy in connection with it. Now I share ?! your hopes ; I hope I shall share your joy at the i! realization, when you shall have a church in which j! the truths of your religion may be made known to |! you, to your children, and to your children's ; children until the day comes when I hope we shall j all be gathered in peace, love, and happiness before - the tribunal of Jesus Christ, and hear the happy j sentence pronounced by Divine lips, 'Come ye good and faithful servants, because you have been ' j faithful in small things, I will set you over great j ones ; enter into the joy of your Lord.' That such j may be our lot, is my- heartfelt prayer, while I ' impart to you with all my heart my sincerest blesB- | ing. THE COLLECTION. j Immediately on conclusion of the Archbishop's discourse, the 'Very Rev Father Walsh addressed the congregation. He referred in complimentary terms to the able discourse and intellectual treat his Grace had just given them. His Grace's visit was an honour of which they were justly proud ; and for his assistance they were deeply grateful, and he (Father Walsh) hoped with them, that when the time came that the chureh would be opened, that his Grace might be with them again, But, said Father Walsh, there is a matter peculiarly our own to take place now. They had laid the foundation of their church that day, but they had not yet placed the last briok ; the effort to that end was their business, and they would now pro ceed to take donations to erect the sacred, edifice above the foundation-stone. The collection then proceeded. At conclusion of 'Mass, the rev gentle man again stepped forward, and announced that the collection had exceeded £2400. He said he was proud of Townsville, and delighted with its people. The following were the donors of sums of £25 and upwards :— S. Allen and Sons, £200 ; his Lordship Bishop Higgins, £100 ; Sisters of Mercy, £100 ; Very Rev. Father Walsh, £100; Mr. Matthew Rooney, £100 ; Mr. P. F. Hanran, £100 ; Mrs. Ball, £50 ; Hon. Thomas Dalton, K.C.S.G., £25 ; Mr Bruce Downie, £25 ; Mr S. J. Hulbert, £25 ; Mr John Carroll, £25 ; Mr M. Breene, £26 ; Mr Thomas Lowth. £25 ; Mr Edward Byrnes, £26 5s ; Mr Fred Gordon. £30 ; Mr J. N. Parked, £25. THE NEW CHURCH. The new church, whieh is to be built on a com manding site in Stanley-street above the School of Arts, on a slope of far-famed Castle Hill, over looking Cleveland Bay and, the city, without doubt the finest situation in the city for a noble edifice, will be 160ft. in length, while the inside breadth of the nave and aisles will be 59ft. The transept will be 109ft. by 30ft. and in addition will be the sacristy and chapters. The sanctuary will be 30ft. by 42ft, a dimension which the Very Rev. Father Walsh states with pride will accommodate all the prelates in Australia when the proper time arrives. The height of the front tower and spire will be 162ft. The foundations of the building were put in four years ago and £1160 were ex pended on the basements, and it is contemplated that the first section «f the superstructure will cost £9000. 