FAIINE- STRICKEN. , . India as it is To-day. At this moment, from the banks of the God- avery to.the waters of the Butledj, all-India Is a desert (says an Indian correspondent of tin "Dally .Express!'). Sixty millions of people, as large a number as would twice fill Eng-. land-and Wales, are1 racked with the. pangs of liuhger; > six millions ;of: thorn would die to morrow but for a handful of rice. " How many mere have passed away beyond; the reach of human' aid, noi man can tell. ' in. Central In dia, tlie affliction Is the. deepest. . The fields are void and barren, and without people. The. cracked' earth, burnt to n. mahogany brown, shrieks for rain. Not a patch of green any; where, not la blade of grass. ' The' Ieaves o the- trees, withered, frizzled, . twisted, have fallen oft the' naked brancliris.' In entire vil lages not. a living creature can be seen, save, perhaps, an emaciated. .bullock breathing out Its life in the eompnny of "a starving crow, that watches for- its last 'gasp from an adja cent dung-lieap. Half the population, those still able to walk or stand, have' gone off to l.lie relief camps; thri other half have laid themselves, down to die In silence In hovels ."arid- dark places. ... WORK IN THE RELIEF CAMPS. Tlie'scenes" In ttie'en.inp.9 are grim and tra gic. ..Froni one ttiousand'to flvo.-ttiousarid arc " grithered together -in .'different" plaee's-a'Triul'-" tltude of skin 'and- bpnesi' arid hollow, glassy eyris. The flesh on: any. of- them .would !riot cover 'the body of an average English babe. Tlielr emaciated faces bear an expression of j abysmal despair, intensified a hundredfold by contrast- with the look of lntelllgencef and even of rbflnement In those not so far gone In star vation. Little children; who have come with their mothers Into the camp, stand with large lustreless eyes, watching the hungry, tiiangy curs that, too, have followed In tho wake of the population— and they fight with the ours to snatch a half-eaten crust. The. usual la- bqur lnktlie camp Is breaking stones; tlie pay, an anna (penny) per day. A largo heap, com prising a dozen big rocks, the largest half, a hundredweight, Is a man's, allotted task; a lesser heap, a' woman's; half a man's heap is a chiid's. And these stones mve to be broken up so small as to make macadam roads. THE FRIEND' IN NEED. ' A traveller was passing by the camp, a sturdy young Englishman. He noticed a.man sitting before his unbroken heap, with arms thrown dejectedly over, tils knees. A few 'yards oft .was a girl of eight, Ineffectually tapping a cobble-stone with a small mallet. The traveller took In the situation, and asked .ttie man for his hammer! The half- starved creature's hands trembled weakly la merely raising the hammer, and the' young English man, athlete though he was, essayed a dozen vigorous blows before he could split the rock. But he stayed an hour, and broke , up the man's heap and the girl's. . ' A NEW TERROR 'was added to the sufferings of the multitude. So far they had water to drlnlc; now the shal low wells, dug with spades and mattocks, had yielded up their last drop. The camp had no scientific apparatus for boring deep artesian wells? And the heat 'was terrific; XoOdeg. in the sun. The sun -was a ball of fire In a sky of copper. The thirsty-multitude gazed up wards with lolling tongues, but saw not a rain cloud . anywhere. - Maddened with unutterable pain, they broke forth'in search of water. Tn a body" tiiey de serted the "camp. Hringer' was bad; thirst a thousand times worse/ Far across Ihe fields they roamed In groups .of tons and twenties. At last a cry of Joy was heard; it cam from a party, making towards a; ciump of trees and low bushes. All-.wlthin earrshot rushed that way. . _<Ti. 1 C It \ JX— A JT. A'i In the centre of the little' Jungle was a stag nant pool— the remains-', ot last year's rains,! protected from the fierce sun by the over hanging tress and tall bamboo reeds. But the water was a yellowish green, covered with a threefold layer of rotting leaves. It was all alive with, living, creeping things, and buzzing with blue-winged files. Into this the multitude cast themselves, and lapped up the water greedily with their tongues. That night cholera broke out in the camp —"black cholera," that tortures Its victims wilh untold agonies before releasing tliem by death. Its only -mercy Is that It Is so short; sometimes -three hours, at most six. That night the multitude laid themselves down' by the roadside. Most of them were la bare loin cloths; -here and there one lay shrouded In a white sheet like a silent ghost. The heat was 110 In the shade, and this at night. The un winking moon shone alike upon dead and dying.- 