RETROSPECTIVE. J-E. JOSEPH PARKER! N response to a request I by the editor of the L o n d on 'Daily News,' Dr. Joseph Parker, of the City i — TemDle. London. th9 celebrated c lergy man has indulged in some retrospect of a particularly interest ing character. Is life (he says) a laughing disappoint ment, or a disap pointing laugh? That is a aelicate question. If I haa to answer it in one mood only, ana in one unqualified sentence, I should say, I end life as a bitterly disappointed man. But if time were allowea me, ana the mood were per mitted to change, I should add: Yet above all the disappointment and misery there arise memories of gladness and of holy sur prise which fill me with unutterabl2 wonder and gratitude. A man must not be ask ea to sum up his life either in its sunniest hour or in its gloomiest mianight. At this moment — the aarkest my life has ever seen, a moment of unut terable misery, a moment in which I feel lonesome, overborne, almost friendless, and hopeless — I can not but say, in all the aarkening ana mocking sor row, I have receivea more than I have aeserved, ana good is the hand of the Lcra. But what is life when looked back. upon from its almost final mile? Has the road been very steep? Have the thorns spoiled the roses? Has the rotting followed so fast after the riping that the olive has been lost between the hand and the mouth, and the crushing of grapes been as the spilling of the blood? LOOKING BACK over my yesterdays I will hastily go a-gleaning ana see what the sickle has left; or, to change the figure, I will listen to some echoes still lingering amongst the hills and valleys I have traversed, Aye, the hills and valleys! The wayfarers I hava met — the salutes we have exchanged — the im pressions we have given and taken — the story which can never be told, but which all men must try to tell, some in one way, ana some in another. Every man has a story — a dr,ama — a poem, which may or may not have fallen into shape — a dream — or a ghost which mimics his mother-tongue, and tells him what a great man he would be if he wouia only eat the fruit of the tree which is in the miast of the garden! It is astonishing, as an exercise in autobiogra phy, how much of a resurrection even a blank memory can get up if the trumpet is blown hard enough. The wasp has no frienas. Why? Is it on account of his complexion, or what? Many things that were at one time low ana soraid, many that were inconvenient ana painful, many that we resentea ana hated, have been turn ea into poetry ana color ana joy by the consecrat ing ana interpreting influence of time. Dust and vapor and exhalation are wonderfully transfigured' by the setting snn. Oia men know this by ten der experience. Some men's faith is always sitting in a araught ana catching cold. Doubt is the theological name cf that influenza. Only the man who prays can jeally say whe ther pra'yer is answered. Why set a bulldog to criticise a nightingale? A child may know all the letters singly, yet be unable to put them into words. So it is possible to know every wora in the Bible ana yet to miss the revelation. The consonants are aumb, ana must await the coming of the music-making vowels. House is a, consonant; Home is the vowel. I would rather be the tree on which the apples are arown than the basket in which they are carried away. Genius is better than cram ming. It may be Quite right to go from one city to another, but it may be wrong to go at the rate of 200 miles an hour. There is a -wrong way of do ing right things. In mathematics as well as in theology there are decrees and council chambers and foreordina tions.' Axioms are always dogmatic. I have not personally verified the theory of light, so I suppose there is no light. It has been estimated that there are 8700 ways in which half-a-erown may be changed. How many ways are there in which a life may be lived? There are forests as well as gardens; oaks as well as roses. So with men. So with ministers. Never mistake a Californian pine for a ge ranium. '' '?: The proper way to look out of a room is through the window; but perverse people may pre fer to look up the chimney. For such perversity there is no cure but the treadmill and even that may fail. A yard wand is undoubtedly useful but not for measuring the distance to the sun. The man who undertakes to cut down an oia oak with a pair of scissors is short of something. Never forget that there is a wonderful differ ence between a auel ana a duet. A man lost to all sense of muGic might say they are the same thing to a 't,' but that man wouia say a good many other things. A flower is not the same thing to a botanist as to a poet. Nor is a child the same thing to a physiologist ae to a mother. There is a great difference between reading a sermon and preaching it. Fluttering and flying are not the same thing, though they may look like it for a moment. Suppose a man questioned the authority of the alphabet, would that excuse his spelling October with an initial H? Does the alphabet depend upon individual opinions? The alphabet itself spells nothing, yet there couia be no spelling without it. The plumb-line never built a wall, but all walls are tested by it. The plumb- line is not English or American, Euro pean or Asiatic; it is universal. So is truth. Ether is omnipresent, why not God? Is the Creator less than the thing created? Suppose a man should be an agnostic so far j as' the alphabet is concerned, would he therefore be excused from using it? Would that be a suffi cient plea for bad spelling? 'Before the foundation of the world' is not a point in time; it is the expression of necessity. The perpendicular is not a wall; it is an idea. The plumb-line sought it ana founa it. If the plumb-line were burned, the perpendicular would remain. 'Pay for ideas! How monstrous!' Not at all. In reality it is always ideas that are bought ana sola. The telescope is an iaea; so is a blacking brush; so is a sermon; so is a poem. . You are willing to pay for calico, but not for theology, be cause theology is. an iaea. That is your mistake. Calico is an idea; perhaps a cluster of ideas. 'The Gospel shouia be preachea without pay ment.' . Why? 'Because it shouia be. as free as the rain from Heaven. God aoes not charge for the rain.' True. But there is alwavs some thing due to the plumber. Even in lonely places you must pay, not for rain, but for the bucket. . A man may be a musician without being a vo calist, so a man may be a theologian without being a preacher. 'One woria is enough for me,' quoth the fool. So it may be; but there is no 'one woria.' The worias belong to one another. The amiable man who starved the minister be cause he was not a mathematician as well as a preacher has given away his watch because It was not a piano as well as a' timekeeper. He sees, too late, the troubles of half-educatea con sistency. - A rich man driving flashingly along the road is stoppea at a toll-bar. 'How much.ao you want, fellow?' Twopence, if you please.' The rich man offers a hunarea-pound note — it is all j the money he has with him. 'This Is too much, sir.' 'Change it!' 'I can't change it.' 'Then what is to be done?' Just so! He would have passed through In. a moment if he had. carrieS J with him twopence, and now he wrangles and delays : because he has an unchangeable note for a hunared pounds. Some men couia get along with, fewer disputes if they had less money. ? Do not some preachers offer tfieir hearers hundred pouna notes on the Bank of Elegance instead of giving them the real coin in such sums as they couia use In common life? There has been : '.-..?-;? A SAD UPSET . ... -. ~ _ . among the fuchsias — quite a rebellion, in fact. As a general rule, the fuchsia has four petals, but in some:-cases it has been found' that a fifth petal has b£en putting itself out. The fbur-petalied flowers complained bitterly of this as a violation of order and propriety. :. They disowned the eccen tric fuchsias, and gatherea themselves closer to gether' for the defence of their traditions. I asked a philosopher to explain this to me, and his wise words I shall long remember; Fo^r is, indeed, the regular number of petals, as is also the case with the woodruff and the evening primrose, but now and again a fifth petal discloses Itself, not in ] ambition or foolish presumption, but in a beauti- I ful effort to reach the order of plants just above — I the quinary order. The four-petallea flowers have spoken unjustly, because ignorantly, of their advanced brother; had they known more, they would have said lees. I thanked the philosopher, and asked myself whether there are not some five-petalled men as well as five-petallea fuchsias. After many boisterous ana noisy speakers have sat aown. I have been comfortea by the Scripture: 'But the Lord was not in the wind.' 'Having the form, but not the power' — as an eagle might say to a barndoor fowl. I have not sufficient omniscience to say what omnipotence would have done if it haa been suffi ciently omnipotent. I never blame a man for using crutches, but I do blame him -when he wants me to believe that they are living legs. Why not be just what we are? 