IN MEMORIAL SERVICE. THE LATE JOHN GLANVILLE. There was a large attendance at All Saints' Church, Nowra, on Sunday morning last, when the Rector, the Rev. H. M. Trickett, preached a sermon improving the death of Mr. John Glanville, J.P. The preacher spoke from the text, "Consolation in Christ" (St. Paul to the Philippians, 2 ch. Iv.) He said they were gathered together there that morning, in the first place that they might unitedly present their prayers and praises to their heavenly Father, and praises to their heavenly Father, and, secondly, that through the ministry of God's holy word they might receive that comfort which a devout mind may have when one went to God's house for that sweet consolation ever awaiting it in Christ. They were also met as mourners,— mourning the loss of a man who, by God's grace, had out-lived the allotted span of life. Their grief was not so much for him as it was for his dear sweet wife and his sorrowing family. John Glanville was the oldest churchman in this district, and one who from the first always took a real interest in church work, and supported the church both by gifts and personal effort, having filled the position of clergyman's warden for very many years. His was the moving spirit to start the work of building the old school church (the present school-hall) and the Rectory in Nowra, a fact which would recall the memory of many a wordy battle as the rival towns of Nowra and Terara vied with one another for supremacy. But with greater foresight than his fellows, Mr. Glanville urged and carried into effect the erection of these two buildings. the benefit of which we inherited this day. He was a man of great personality, having an indomitable will, and who lived up to his family motto,— FRANGAS, NON FLECTES ("You may break, you shall not bend me"),—for once his mind was made up, one could not bend him from his purpose. He, like all other pioneer setters in Australia, met with many and great difficulties. As a master he was respected and honored by his servants. He managed men well, be they ever so rough. He controlled, without the aid of the process of the law, the servants assigned to his brother Richard when he undertook the management of Wogamia, which property then be longed to his family. He was firm yet tactful—two grand qualities in a man. He had never known the sweet, tender influence of a mother's guidance, having been left an orphan in early childhood. That may have made him seem less tender than he might otherwise have been, and they knew they could never over estimate the tender influence of a mother's love. As a husband, the doeeased was most devoted; as a father, both feared and loved, one who kept his word with his children and did his very best to bring them up in the right way, As a magistrate, he was one who sought to maintain truth as well as execute justice, as witness was borne by his brother magistrates the other day in our local court. As a churchman, one of the old school, he was loyal and protestant to the backbone, a regular communicant for many years, one who lived on friendly terms both with the ministers and members of the other churches, and one who held in high regard that saintly man, the late Dr. Grant, from whom he was instrumental in obtaining permission for the members of the Church of England to use the Presbyterian church once a month on the Sunday evenings when the Church of England had no building of their own in Nowra. So that, looking back upon the life of the deceased in this district for close upon 60 years, it might well be said that it was an honourable life and one that had a very distinct personality. But would those qualities console for the loss of a friend, husband, and a father? If that were the only comfort he could give them, would they not feel inclined to say that they knew all that before, and that they did not need to go there for him to tell it? For what was the most honourable life in itself apart from Christ's justifying grace? They needed something more than a good life here to fit them for the inheritance above. Perhaps he may be asked, as their pastor, had the deceased faith? Had he forgiveness for those who might have injured him? Had he trust in Christ? He thanked God he could answer those questions, for in the quiet of those moments spent by his bed-side on Sunday afternoon he had the God-given opportunity of speaking as from heart to heart, and heard him confess with his lips his dependence upon Christ alone for his salvation and his forgiveness sought for any unhappy misunderstandings and fancied injuries in the past. There were prayers for his sons and daughters, that they might be an unbroken family in God's kingdom hereafter ; and he felt a very solemn responsibility resting upon him, as their pastor, to bring about that devout desire. Directing the thoughts of the congregation to the subject of consolation in Christ, the preacher said that consolation implied that refreshing of the soul produced by the love of good shed abroad in the heart by means of the enlightening and sanctifying influences of the Holy Ghost the Comforter. Christ was the consolation of all Israel. He was the giver of consolation, and all who reposed on Him for salvation would find he was able to confort them as no other ever could. God the father provided in the past for man's fallen and ruined state by His gift of Christ, in type and prophecy. Christ was therefore styled the mercy promised to the fathers. This gladdened the church in former ages, as they looked through the types to the great anti type—through the shadows to the substance, to the sacrifices to the great one sacrifice. The thought of this consoled Adam after he had listened to words of wrath. It consoled Abel, Abraham and Moses. All the prophets from first to last were consoled by Christ's presence with them. And Christ alone would console until time should be no more. "Lo, I am with you alway, even to the end of the world" What a glorious consolation was there in the atonement in the death on the Cross. And not only in the atonement, but also in the resurrection. There was consolation in Christ's intercession, He having taken our nature with Him into Heaven, and there pleaded for us. And they met on the first day of the week rather than on the seventh as Holy Day. It was a grand consolation to those who had been left behind, and it must have cheered him whose loss they all deplored that morning. Good man and churchman as he was, they had faith that for the deceased to be with Christ was better than all honors and pleasure on earth. That consolation was necessary. What would life in this world be without consolation and hope? Even that consolation which came from friends might be for a time very helpful, but it would ultimately fail. Money would flee away, health would decay, friends would die. They needed better consolation than earth could furnish. They wanted consolation for the deathless spirit, consolation that had an aspect on an invisible and eternal state. It was necessary in the time of conviction of spiritual destitution, of self distrust, of conflict, of adversity and affliction, and in the prospect of death and eternity. In all happiness and joyfulness they should cleave to Christ. Then, if they did, all relatives and friends might answer the prayer that they might be an unbroken family hereafter. Hymns Nos. 545, 285, 328, and 95 were sung during the service. The organist (Mr. Tidd) played a voluntary whilst the offertory was being taken up, and a funeral march at the close. 