A GHOST ON BOARD WEIRD STORY BY A MATE. Apropos of tho tafCTtold by sailors, prob ably tho most weird is that of the mato of tho Dutch barque Burgeineistcr Jonkheor Col nan. Jacob Springbraken is the narrator of the singular story, which he lately told to an interviewer as follows : — ' You notice that, my hair is grey, but I am only 30 years old. When I tell you all that happened one awful night on tho Scheldt, just ten years ago, you will understand why it should be so. ' To begin with, although I was so young a man, I was a captain. My father was a prosperous ship-broker, and I was a twin. My brothor cared nothing about tho sea, but to follow it was my solo aim in lifo, My brother was gontle, and of a dolicato consti tution. He was decided on to bo the successor to the business, while I was placed at sea be fore the mast whon in my 20th year. 'After six years 1 secured command of the Fraulein Vorhees. Sho was an old, un soaworthy brig, but sho was all my own, and I made many happy voyages in hor through tho waters of N orthorn Europo. ' On tho night of which I am about to speak, I had just made port from a prosper ous rim through tho porta of the Low Countries. ' The c'raulein made tho roads of the Scheldt about ten o'clock at night. I told tho crew we would not land that, night, and as they wore very tired, they agreed. 'As for myself, I remained on deck for half an hour later, looking towards' the shore. ' Tho house in winch I lived with my father, mothor, and brother was in plain view from the ship. I looked at it and won dered why it was all lighted up so long after thoir usual hour of retiring. For a mo ment I was half tempted to take a boat and go On shore. ' But I went down the cabin stairs. Scarcely had I reached my room when my presentiment returned. 'I set a tray of brandy peaches on the table and lit a big stono pipe. SMASHING BLOW AT AN INTRUDER. ' While I smoked I thought of home. I hadn't seen my brotherfora year, and I won dered how he would greet me. It may have been because we wero twins, but wo wore always closer together somehow than most brothers. ' So thinking, I must havo falleu asleep. Suddenly a cold oppressive chill seemed to seizo my very heart. The ship clock on the wall showed the time— 11.50 p.m. The lamp had burnt dim. Then I realised that some one else was in tho room. A figure was seated in that-chair, just as you are now. I could see his face distinctly, but his eyes had an expression of mute sadness. Horror seized mo — horror indescribable. With a vio lent effort I shook off the hallucination. ' Grasping the pipe which lay on tho floor beside me, I struck the intruder a terrific blow on the head. A plaintive groan sounded through the apartment, and the spell was over. The moonlight streamed through the stern window into the cabin, and I saw it was oinpty, but thoro was a big dent in the floor where the pipe had struck. The bowl was broken. ' I went, up on deck, and to my surprise saw that our house was still lit up bii{*htly. There seemed much confusion. Forms could be seen flitting past the windows, and all was excitement. ^ ' Thoroughly alarmed, I called the watch and had tne boat lowered. In a jiffy we pulled through the moonlit water, and in ten minutes I was knocking at the door of the home. 'JACOB MY BROTHER.' ' My mother opened it. She fell upon my shoulder and exclaimed between her sobs: — ' ' Oh, Jacob, Hans is dead. He longed for your coming, but he passed away a few minutes before twelve. He knew you were in the bay. Why didn't you come ashore?' ' And then they told me a strange story Hans was seized with a sudden illness on the morning of that very day. They told him the Fraulein Voorhees would soon be in, but he replied that he would never see mo again. At 10.30, the time when I had imagined I was asleep in the cabin of tho brig, he had fallen into a deep ooma. And then, at 11.50 p.m., at the very moment when I had brought that cursed pipe down with crushing force upon the head of the apparition of my dreams, lie suddenly aroused, and. crying aloud, ?' ' Oh, my God, Jacob, my brother,' '?he died.' 