THE ADVENTURES OF JUAN CORDOVA. Part 2. THE OLD CLASP BOOK. Tbe moon was .ln'nmg mistily into tbe j little room where itbe two boys lay tbat ni^jbt. The restless surging of tbe ?waves, as they broke upon the shingle of Shelly Beach, within a few hundred yards of tbe house, and tbe eioitement awakened by £hougbta of tbe old Spanish Galleon tbey were to visit on: the mor row, together witb visions of the treasure they were to discover in tbe future, kept j-u tram sleeping except oy jns ana starts. Once when he awoke he found his mind Tunning over tbe ipages of the dictionary to find tbe meaning of 'sass- inate.' This word seemed to worry him a good bit. He mustfind it, he thought, as he lay tossing in a half-sleeping con dition. Suddenly be found himself widely awake, his ears straining to catch tbe least 60und. What had disturbed him ? Had someone already discovered the secret of the Clasp-'book and crept in there to 'sassinate them. Bu's hair seemed to him to be stiffening like tbe hairs on a new brooan, and cold water seemed to be running down his spine in increasing volumes. In the midst of his fear a hand was olapt smartly over his mouth and something sat heavily on his chest. He thought he was a 'gonner' when a voice whispered in his ear : — 'Don't raise the dust, fathead ! Whip on your 'duds' while I open tbe win dow.' Wlicn Bu thoroughly understood that the ''Sassin' was Juan he felt inclined, then and there, to relieve his feelings by punching Jus head, but he bided his time until a more opportune moment, and did as be was desired. A few moments later the two novs were gliding silently and mysteriously up the road leading to Shelly Beach. Juan carried a small bulls-eye lantern, which he lit un reaching the cliffs above the beach, but kept turned off. Follow ing the edge of ihe cliffs they pas^d t.j the right of the rocky bathing pi,ol, ly ing shimmering in the glance ot the moon, below them. 'Sush!' whispered Juan, as tiiey t .imc to the double-bay where is the Mer maid's Bock. 'Here's where the n-t.ie of the 'Island Maid' found the skipper. It's hanted. Come and see ; ' idling down the lantern and caut'ou ily c.-rep ing on his stomach to the very edge of the cliff and cran'Ji^ his head aud neck over in the effort to catch a gliu-p^e of the rook. Bu followed, and the two peered for some few seconds into the in distinct depths. 'There, there! See it?' whispered ( Juan hoarsely. 'He ghost?' gasped Bu. 'No; tbe Mermaid's Bock, you boo by.' 'Look bere, Juan, if you — ' but he stopped short on the instant, for a wild, blood curdling scream seemed to rise They hurriedly scrambled to their feet, Juan snatching up tbe lantern, and the two took to their heels in the direction of the sand hummocks, and did not slacken pace till they were well away from the scene of their fright. Then they lay down on tbe sand until tbey had regained breath and composure. 'Whose ghost is it?' asked Bu, in an awed voice. 'He drowned skipper's. He climbs up out of tbe seaweed on to the rock when .the clock strikes twelve.' 'What's he do it, for?' 'Hat's where be used to meet his sweetheart. And the last time he came home to marry her he was wrecked and his body was found by his mate on tbat rock tbe very morning that she married another fellow.' 'What's the use of him coming there now she's married?' 'Why, thickhead, don't you see he died afore he knew it!' Tliere was silence for aw.'iilo. Hen Bu said: — 'Don't you think we ought to let him know, so as he needn't fool his time on thoso rocks, any more?' 'I'm not too shook on the idea. Be side, I don't know as we would be doing tbe proper thing by tbe town.' 'Why, what's tbe town got to do with it?' 'Ain't he a diraw? You' don't find many , places with a real live ghost all to itself! If -we was to do him any harm wo might be summonsed. Anyway, you can't lay a ghost till he's done what bo come to do. He's come to meet his sweetheart, and you bet he'll meet her. An' as for tbat I guess bis mate has tried to give him tbe 'office.' ' With tbat the matter dropped for a time, and they got up and made their way towards a place where, enclosed by a high fence, was the Spanish Galleon Juan bad discovered. He difficulty of surmounting tbe hoarding bad been provided for. Juan bad a short length of knotted rope witb a hook attached. The bode was slung on tbe top till it caught, aod the boys clambered up and :dt^pecL*iad|n'.OT: ^rinirt^.^r ;'XI»o sand ba3 bew d% »way and ciio(iks bad been inserted under tbe old bnlk tiU she stood on an even keeL Even ber old «des had been roughly repaired.^trange and 'wierd die looked under the* olond be-ridden moon, a phantom sb^p ot tte past! But bere. Juan's familiarity with ithe old diip helped bim io overcome the aweeomcnoca of -tbp situation, anl, fol lowed by Bu, be was quickly on tbe delck, wbiob bad also been patched up. Doors bad been hung at tbe entraaoe to the cabin. A push revealed thart they were unfastened. He liglht of tbe bull'n-sye was turned on and the two toys descend ed band in hand ; but in' his nervousness Bu's foot slipped and be fell headlong in to tbe cabin, dragging Juan witb bun. He lantern was extinguished in tbe confusion which followed. As Boon as Joan recovered his feet be called:: — 'Are you hurt, Bu?' Here was no response, and he groped his way about tbe cabin till bis hand came in contact with a human form which he shook, calling at tbe same time 'Bu, Bu! What's the matter.' Here was no answer. A odd sweat stood on his forehead, and bis heart was pricked witb a deadly fear aa be bent over tbe silent form. He next moment he lifted his head in consternation, for it bad come in con tact witb a bearded face. fTo ba. oontinued.) ? Extract from a report of the Church Parade, Wagga G. Co.— From the 'Wagga Express' of Tuesday, October 16 : 'On entering the church each mem ber was presented with a bouquet by tbe Misses Duesbury, whose thoughtful kind ness was much appreciated.' 0 fair sweet flower! A child's good gift! 1 wear you on my helmet's crest Till time your petals' sever And windB bear them adrift. Bloom of an hour! Though death be swift, Thy mom'ry shall witbin my breast Abide and live for ever. 'G. COMPANY.' 