911A YEYARD OF THE ATLANTIC Such in Ult> apt cognom.-n ..if Sable Island, lust grim, gho.-.t-haunied fiaguieut ..f Hand' ki.vivii with murp wrecks than any otliL-r .v.-eniy miles of tile earth's surfaw. ii. lies ,iat 1111 tllc se.i that- ;i <.r,;y ti;iy it is ,':u' y il'stingr.islial.li. i'roi.i 'u.:c arau Us^-i U 1H an ambush ,.f .U1 n,.,IIliu: jL i l..nglew.,rk <.f insatiable ;:],,.:il;; iVril "11 wrecks. Kverywhi-iv Hu.w ;li,.res dealli lurks. In the space of'a tii.oU r'ear these shoals claimed inure tli'in t"-o nwdred lives. The island itself is li^'un .or self-preservation. jt seem* as if it drew 'hips into its fatal embrace as rallying points, or jl;s loose ailci shilling sand, thus'to p:\j :e. t i.Mdf by a bulwark of wrecks aga.as! aunihiliatioii by the sea. Tradition' savs .iiat v.'hei: Sable Islaad was discovered by -■abot in 1-W7, it was eighty miles Ion"- ami Li'.i miles wide. In Ifc'Oli, when a rescue :'tati.,;i was established there, it v.-a.-, oil, • rLy miles long. Since then it has shrunk lo !>;;!, Julio Jiiore than tivcity ;:;iies i-; lengt!i, aial in width it is only a mile at its iviucHt. 'I he island belongs n, Nova Scotia uid is 145 miles from Halifax. Aptly Plough, the authentic '.history of ■vable Island opens with a tragedy. V/hca -u Humphrey Gilbert made his fa-ijl it tempt to establish n colony in Newfound r.uid he lost on Sable Island one of his shim ne Adi.nral, with a hundred men. Jn 15!)8 the Marquis de la luiehe, who had ■>wn appointed Lieutenant-General and \ iceroy of Canada, set sail with forty-eidil •oimcts. His first landfall was Sable lE|a"d. Mislead of sailing on towards the main, he anchored oft the island and set the convicts whore for safe keening, he himself interni ng meanwhile to select a placo of settlement " ii , ; S 1)1:111 U> "»s<-arrv. lie was ■1 '■ weigh anchor and sail b<:o 1c to J'ranee There lie was seized and imprisoned n cieditors, and it was not until live years later that an expedition was fitted out to i.iit (he island and ascertain what, had become of the convicts. A mere fr::.*m»;<{ of them was found. Of the forty who had been set ashore only eleven remained. At .'i*t liny had iou^lit wirh another j»ml sovrrnl wore killed in t],;s wvy. ». las., fuming thai bv concerted action tlioy could "lake better provision to survive Um rigors ot the desolate sand-bar on which -hev had been deserted, tjiey made pe.'ce with one avother. From, a Spanish wreck— for even m those days when but few prow* veved those waters there were wrecks oil. -.:bhj rsland—they obtained timber lor a rough shelter and a lew sheep. There was plenty of driftwood lor fuel along the -.-hove o! the is,!and. Be la lloehe had left rome agricultural implements, and with these tbev ti led a small, sheltered valley called to this day the "French Gardens." When they had been carried back to France and were brr.ught before tha Kins;. clad in rore-h sealskins a lid pi-wiitin^ si pifiable sight. tlic King relented tjwanl them, pardoned them and nettled a sum of money on each ,Strange to say, these men elected to retur:! to the island, where for many years tluv d;d a thriving trade in the skills and ivorv of welruse-. which in thosr^ days came to the iidand in large numbers. Such yearning fo, savage surroundings is not infrequent." I:: Labrador I became acquainted with a Jlttd so-i's May factor, who after many years -eri'ice 'had .l-ctired and g,.nc to * Lo'nd.-.ii. lie grew so homesick and'lonely there, that iio again sought service with the company and returned to the wi'derness of rocks a:id morass, where he had spent so manv year'; of hia life. y J 'J'h.e loss of the Admiral was but the beginning of many horror.'. As Xorl.I: Americr. became settled and as nhipping in creased, Snbls Island became, r veritable hotbed of villainy. In summer, bandn of wreckers from the mainland settled there, lured ships ashore and not. only despoiled the dead, but killed and robbed those who survived the perils of shipwreck. Hut at last there occurred on the island a double catastrophe so great that civilisation no longer dared content itself wit'll inerek looking on and shuddering. In 1S01 the British transport Ame'ia. officers, recruits and crew numbering two hundred, was wrecked on Sable Island. Every soul wa lost. A gunboat sent to search for nosaibV '."U'vivors was also wrocknd on the island. But there wei;c mnvivors of this second fester who brought bnek with them n story which established as facts the horrors that .tad hoen only surmised. Moreover, these disa-itors lir.d involved Government vessels auil the Government, now took hold of Si-b'e Istend. As a result, the uucloim or th.e pre sent. slntioiiB was eatabllshed, and since then no one has been permitted to Hve on the island without a licensc. Hut while this precaution put n stop to crimes of man against man," the story of ehipwrccfc had kept on apace with the ever recurring fogs and storms. A carefully I maintained rccord shows that sinco the es tablishment of the Goveimmont Htn.tiou mors than two huuty'wl vc-?e'a ^"d two thousnn^ liyqg '\j"c'eU lqat oi) ^abls lelau^, 