THE LADIES CHRiStiAN A8&0ÇJA WON" ask the Mp of more senses friends to enable him to JHIWMA MM Sermons WteUv. Subtenptyns costs by Mr. Fogg, Mrs. ¡fttkoUu one Mut JfuU,S4 Fittroj/ptaet. "1 BELIEVE IN THE FORGIVENESS OF SINS" Apostles' Creed. I (By Rev. J. B. Weddington.) When Martin Luther, after long-continued but fruitless efforts to establish" his own righteousness," was taught the great truth that "all our righteousnesses are as filthy rags," he was so overwhelm- ed with despair, that he was brought almost to the brink of the grave. One day, as he lay in the convent cell, an aged Christian entered, and having won his confidence, said I believe in the fo giveness of sins." Luther repeated the words to himself. "Ah I" said the aged brother, "you must believe not only in the forgiveness of David's and of Peter's gins, for this even the devils believe: it is God's command that we believe our own sins are forgiven US. Hear what St. Bernard says in his discourse on the Annunciation The testimony of the Holy Ghost in thy heart is this: Thy sins are forgiven thee" Luther's thirsty soul" drank in these words as "good news from a far country," and, trusting in Jesus, he was soon able to write I have remission of all my sins, for Christ's sake." It is to be feared that numbers in the present day repeat the words, "I believe in the for giveness of sins," Sunday after Sunday, without realising their full meaning. I once asked a clergyman's daughter "Are your sins forgiven?" Receiving no answer, I said quietly "Mine are." She started, and eagerly inquired "How do you know that they are?" "Because God has told me I" She looked at me with astonishment and incredulity; upon which I took a New Testament from my pocket, and continued, "God has told me so in this Book, for he says Man, thy sins are forgiven thee. " This is God's own true Word to me and to every lost and guilty sinner who has been taught his Bad condition by the Holy Spirit, and who, putting himself in the place of the poor palsied man to whom these words were first spoken, believes in his heart that Jesus paid His great debt, once for all, by His death upon the cross for we read Be it known unto you, therefore, men and brethren, that through this Man is preached unto you the forgiveness of sins; and by Him all that believe are justified from all things, from which ye could not be justified by the law of Moses." Therefore the Apostles always wrote to Believers as pardoned through faith in Christ's Blood. Many, however, who are conscious that, as sinners, they are in danger of eternal damnation, and are anxious to flee from the wrath to come," do not see that what is made known in the Gospel is a present forgive- ness, but imagine that they ought to wait until they are better; not being aware that "If they carry till they're better, they will never come at all." They suppose that although they are willing to be saved, God, for some reason or other, is unwilling to receive them just as they are. Whereas the Scriptures invariably speak of God or. willing to receive and pardon the vilest of tanners; and fallen man as unwilling to be saved. The Great Atonement for sin having been offered and accepted, all that is required is, that the Holy Spirit shall make us willing in the day of His power" and (us "God's biddings are enabling") the Apostle writes, "As though God did beseech you by us, we pray you in Christ "-lead, be ye reconciled to God." r2 Co.. v., 20.) Other!, inspire that they must at least wait in 'a 'lady feel forgiven am! happy, ere they believe that God, for Christ's sake, li.-., pardoned them. I well remember a young person coming to see me under a deep conviction of sin. She know that she could not do anything to save herself because whatever we do, come short of the Divine standard, and the holy heart-searching law of God: for it is written-"Thon shalt love the Lord thy God with all thine heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy might," And again Cursed is every one that continueth not in all things which are written in the Book of the Law to do them." Relying upon the guidance of the Holy Spirit, I endeavoured to put the Gospel of the Grace of God plainly before her That "Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a curse for us." "For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him should not per- ish, but have everlasting life." Pointing to these texts, I asked Can you believe what God and if we receive the witness of men, the witness of God is greater.' If you do really- believe, then, He Who cannot he,' says that you have-r-not may hope to have, but have everlasting life; all your sins are forgiven and your soul saved eternally. If you do not believe, you have made him a liar, and He that believeth not shall be damned.'" Still the young inquirer was not satisfied. She wanted to feel for- given. "Supposing that you felt as you wish, would you be satisfied?" I asked. "Oh yes, sir, I should !" "But that would not be trusting in Christ's 'finished' work, but in your feelings; in fact, in your own heart, which God has pronounced 'De-, careful above all things, and desperately wicked, and so you would be insulting Him by believing your deceitful heart, rather than His faithful word." Thus I solemnly warned her not to build upon the sandy foundation of either her doings or feelings; endeavouring to convince her that to wait for any inward emotion is BE great folly and presumption as to wait for any improvement. BolievorB know that they are saved, not because they deserve or feel it, but because the Holy Spirit has made known to them their state as sinners, and enabled and inclined them to believe the Word of God as true for them. Their comfort is drawn from such statements as these "When we were yet without strength, in due time Christ died for the ungodly." "He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life." "I have blotted out, as a thick cloud, thy transgressions, and as a cloud thy sins: return unto Me, for I have re- deemed thee." When doubts arise, as they sometimes do, in their changeable hearts, they go straight to the infallible Word of an unchangeable God and there they find that all the promises are as free, as true, and as certain as ever. How- ever and how often their hearts may change, His Word never changes. My young friend was apparently led by the Spirit to put no confidence in the flesh" (Phil, iii., 8), but to rest, by a child-like trust, on the Blood and Righteousness of her Substitute and Redeemer, believing that as He suffered on the Cross all that she must have borne throughout eternity, and kept the law perfectly for her, she was now, through the exercise of "faith only," accepted in the Beloved." "For I He hath made Him to be Bin for us, Who I knew no sin that we might be made the righteousness of God in Him." Dear Reader and Fellow-Sinner-Are your sins forgiven? As one who is deeply concerned for the salvation of souls, I would earnestly and affectionately ask - Can you say that they are humbly, yet firm lv-Believing the "Word" which "Is Truth" itself f Sure I am that you can- not truly say that they are if you trust to your works, for they are imperfect; or to your feelings, for they are changeable. The sinner saved by grace can say "My hope is built on nothing less Than Jean's Blood and Righteousness; I dare not trust the sweetest frame, But wholly lean on Jesu's name; On Christ, the solid Rock, I stand All other ground is sinking sand." It has been well said "The Rock does not shake nor change, though the sea may ebb and flow around it." "He who looks upon Christ through frames and feelings, as like one who sees the sun on water which quivers and moves; but he that looks upon Him in the glass of His Word by faith, sees Him ever the same." May the Holy Spirit teach you (if He has not done so already) your guilt, danger, and helplessness-, and lead you to believe because "God Who Cannot Lie," has said it-that His Son has endured, instead of you, the whole of the dreadful punishment due to your sins. From that moment "Though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow; though they be red like crimson, they shall be as wool." Then you will be able to repeat, not only with your lips, but with your heart, the words often thoughtlessly ut- tered I believe in the forgiveness of sins." Then, and then only, will you have the proper feelings of a child; and from love and gratitude you will live, and work, and speak for Him "Who loved you, and gave Himself for you." (Gal. in., CO.) Then will you work not for salva- tion, but from salvation; and will understand the saying of the gmt Reformer, Martin Luther - We do not become righteous by doing what is righteous; but having become righteous, we do what is righteous." 