SYDNEY SNAP-SHOTS. BY "ESBIEN." IÂ rather good story is going the rounds con- cerning Colonel Mackay, who some time ago departed at the head of his Bushmen for "Af ric's golden fountain." His appointment as Colonel was to he con- firmed at a certain meeting of the Executive Council, at which, as Vice-president, he had, of course, the right to attend. He entered the Council-room in uniform, wearing on hi» shoulder- straps thc insignia of his then present rank of Captain. Directly the appointment was confirmed by the Executive, however, he is said to have extracted from his pocket a mysterious little parcel done up in tissue paper. Carefully opening this, he exhibited to the amused and astonished eyes of his fellow-members the gilt baubles that are essential to the rank of Colonel, calmly affixed them to his shoulder straps, and strutted forth in all the glory of his newly-received rank ! There's nothing like being prepared for an emergency, is there ? I heard the story from the lips of a member of the Executive him- self, so it ought to be true, anyway. But you never know. Altogether the military ex-M.P. seems to have fallen a victim to Bwelled- headednese, occasioned, I presume, by the appointment aforesaid. He was heard to openly boast of his superiority to Airey and his other fellow officers, as being the first and only full and genuine Colonel in the colony. While on the subject of Military matters, a word or two on ' the spectacle of Major Randall Carey in his fearful aud wonderful uniform, may not be out of place ; especially as the Major has' been lately rather promi- nently before the public, in one connection or another. Âs the Major worked hard over the Bush- men's Contingent business, the powers that be thought it only right to reward him in Borne slight measure, and so they promptly created him a Mnjor, and put him on the Reserve of officers. But, unfortunately, they forgot, to name his regiment. The consequence is that the Major is a member of all in general and of noue in particular, And the regulations fail to prescribe a definite uniform for an indefi- nite officer. He was, once upon a time, it seems, a private,1 or a color-Bergeunt, or something equally exalted, in a New Zealand regiment. So, to meet his present emergency, he has re-clad himself in his old military turn-out, added the stars, or crowns, or whatever they are that constitute the emblem of a Major'» rank ; and topped the lot off with a khaki helmet-one of those hideous, coal- scuttle things that are so much in fashion in South Africa just now. The toot ongsombel, as we who speak the French of Stratford-at-le-Bow remark, is charming, and to his fellow-militants it is a source of constant admiration-or something. Two events significantly point to the near advent, of Federation. The one is that several Labour members are announcing themselves for the Federal Parliament, and the other that the various statues scattered throughout the parks of Sydney are getting a well-needed and long-deferred wash ! But all the same, it would have been better had the processes been reversed, and the statues stood for election while the members . got the washing. I am sure that Captain ' Cook, and Governor Bourke, and tile rest bf them, would make most dignified Parlia- mentarians, and would never be guilty of the petty and disgraceful squabbles that well, that some people are so fond of. ; Talking about the Federal Parliament, of course you noticed that the eloquent leader of the Independent Party, Mr. Edward Terry, announced himself the other day, with characteristic modesty, and in an address that rivals an Encyclopaedia Britannica advertisement in HB length and lavishness of displayed head-lines, us a candidate, for the Senate. Dear, dearl With Terry in the Senate, and Mark Hammond in the House of Representatives, what will our first Federal Parliament be like ? One gleam of light, however, flashes through the gloom. Mr. David Storey, of Randwick, proudly announces that he has decided not to stand for Federal honours L Hooray 1 But Storey ajwaye was unique I A curious little incident that people are talking about happened lately. A' certain well-known firm of cigarette manufacturers brought out,' as an advertisement, a series of caricatures of famous politicians and other well- known men, done in papier mache, and grotesquely moulded and colored. Among them was one of 6. H. Reid, P.O., with well developed waist and eye- glass all complete. Suddenly notice was sent round to all the dealers to return these effigies of the right honorable gentleman to the manu- facturers. The Consequence is that, to-day, one cannot get one for love or money, while Barton's, Chamberlain's, Krugers and the rest are a perfect drug upon the market.. And people are naturally asking what is the meaning of it all. Curious advertisement appearing in one of the daily papers the other mbrning : Wanted, a lad to lop trees ; no lali-de-dah or larrikin need apply. Apropos of the State Governorship, which seems to be a somewhat burning question just now, it is not unlikely that before many years are past we will be called upon to elect our own Governors-by bsJlot presumably. Just think of the electioneering possibilities it would open up! And the posters ! - "Vote for TomkinB, and Tact !" " Hobson, and Hospitality !" "Support Billkins, and down with Blue Tickets!" Oblige ute by . just thinking of it. I looked in to see my old friend " Hamlet" last night at the Criterion. I found him " to be'Mng or "not to be''-ing as well as could be expected under the circumstances, and a lot of people watching him do it. Ophelia, in the person of Miss Bose Dampier, I had apparently been out in the wet the night before, for she had a bad cold. The effect on Shakespeare's'lines was somewhat unfortun- ate, especially when she called the Prince of Denmark by his Christian name; or, re- marked in a pained voice, "We kdow what we are, but kdow dot what we bay be !'' , Also, the Ghost wasn't a success, and his voice sounded as if the dead king had been eating plums at the moment of his murder in the orchard, and had not . had time to swallow the la6t one, Bai ring these slight drawbacks, and the presence of an. inebriated gentleman near me, who persisted in addressing His Majesty of Denmark as the "The Dook- er-hlc-Édin bro," Hamlet was a great success. To Dampier himself, too high praise cannot be given. Euch time I listen to his splendid' voice, it is borne in upon me with a greater force that he is the veritable king of Australian elocutionists. And bis Hamlet is a further argument in favour of that statement, if such were needed. His Friday night's revivals of !he plays of Shakespeare are a popular and well-deserved success. But all the same, I do wish he'd get another boy with a less powerfully penetrating voice to sell " loll-e-e-ez and chokerlnls" in ihe auditorium, between the- nce?." The present youth yells like a Ked Indian, who has succeeded in scalping his dearest enemy, and to be aroused from the romantic dreams of the master by a voice like that is apt to annoy one I ? '? SYDNEY, SATURDAY.. 