THE STAGE. J — — o— — It was recently announced that Mr. George Musgrove had engaged Mme. Caro Roma, an American priraa donna, to ap pear in Australia. Of the lady a receut 'M.A.P.' says:^-Mme. Caro Roma i3 that rara avjs, a genuine light opera prima don na— aotross and singer combined. But, alas, there aro no more light operas, ouly musical pieces, so 'Mme. Caro Romu now uses hor ine voice on tho concert stag©, erne tos been most successful, having done a series of tours all through Great Britain. A Now York cable of August 8 stated that Misa Edna May, who i3 now filling an engagement ait tho Winter Garden, Ber lin, will muko heir next appearance io New York and London, under tiie management of Mr. Charlea Prohnxui. The contract had just been signed. Mr. Cecil Raleigh, the author of 'Hearts Aro Trumps,' tho scenic triumph whioh tfr. Bland nolt has staged at the Theatce Royal, Sydney, has been retained, by Mr. Artiiur Collins, of Drury Lane, to write the autumn dramas for that theatre for the now three years, According to the 'Whitehall Review,' Mr. Kyrle Bellow contemplates building for himself a theatre in the West End. It ia generally understood that Mr. Bellew is a wealthy man, so that there seems good foundation for tie statement. In the mean time, he has accepted a new drama, writ ten by Louis N. Parker and Addison Bright. The Russians have a veteran actress of whom they aro very proud, Mudarae Or lay, in spite of being 95 years of age, re cently appeared on the stage in a perform ance sp&uiaUy; riven in aid of a charitable institution, Auidame Orlav has the dis tinction of having been the first actress to play Lady Macbeth and Ophelia in the Russian tongue. The theatre in tho Austrian town of Lemburg will shortly possess one of the most striking and magnificent dropscenes in the world (says the -vDaily Mail'). It ia the work of the great Polish antist, Henri Siedmiradzki, ana represents the _ Delphio priestess obtaining inspiration by sitting on ler tripod over an opening in the ground, from which dense va-pors ascend. There are, besides, numbers of symbolical groups, ono, for instance, of humanity pursuing the three great illusions, fame, fortune, and love. Mdss Louis Morrell, a Melbourne mezzo, recently gave a successful concept at the Steinway-hall, London. Miss Morrell and Mies Ada Croasley wore fellow students in the southern capital, and were both pupils of the late Madame Fanny Simonsen. Miss Morrell made hor first appearance at Mel bourne in May, 1895, aud tho following year was engaged by Aldlle. Antoinette Tre oelli to tour the Australian colonies with hor concert company, Prior to her pepar ture from Melbourne for England, Miss Morrell was given a farewell concert at the Town- hall, which was filled by a tremen dously enthusiastic audience. At her Lon don concert Miss Morrell was assisted by Madame Belle Cole, Miss Maud MacCarthy (the marvellous young violinist), and many other well-known artists. The Khedive intends as he passes through Paris on his return to Egypt to make cer tain arrangements for his' opera-houses aAi Cairo and Alexandria. Abbas's taster (says the 'Glasgow Herald') lie in tho direction of light opera, and accordingly he intends to abandon his Italian operatic representa tions and to replace thorn by French opera. He will instead organise a company of Ita lian comedians for dramatic representations. At the Cairo Opera-house, it is said, the stock of costumes if of the most costly and elaiborato character, and a good deal of tho stagti armor is real stuff, somo of it of con siderable antiquity and of great value. Ab bas, however, under tho strong hand of Lord Cromer, will certainly not be allowed to waste his substance upon operatic matters, as his predecessor Ismail did. Few probably know how fond the Queen is of the stirring strains of a good military band (says the 'Daily Mail' of July 14). She gave one of many recent evidences of this Bkiug when, a few evenings ago, the band of the 1st Life Guards was playing in the Grand Quadrangle at Windsor Castle. Her Majesty was wheeled out from her apartmonta, and after listening for a con siderable time with evident enjoyment, she sent for tho bandmaster, Mr. Joel Engle field, to say how pleased she was with his band, and to add that he need not com plete the programme, as she was then about to retire into the castle. The band struck up the National Anthem, and Her Majesty etqpped until the lasit bars had died away. Johann Kubelik, the youthful violinist, has conquered the London musical, publio (says the 'Daily Mail' of July 3). His name is now to England, but two years ago a slender bluck-maned «nd dark-eyed Bo hemian youth made a sensation at' a small concert in Vienna. Much in him was still Unfinished, and he himsolf was stiff and. awkward; yet many even then recognised 'the larger hope.' The Kubelik of to- day outwardly does not seem materially altered. He looks as molancholy as then, and there is that distant resemblance to Paganini in the profile which some noticed at that time. He surmounts the most difficult of technical pitfalls; the four fingers of his left hand are the most daring and. certain of, acrobats. He sings melodies and ac companies thorn wifeh plucked tones whioh are as the tones of the lute, and, in a word, his almost fabulous technique has placed him in a few short weeks side by side with, if not above, all masters of the violin whom English audiences know. The well-known novelist, J. M. Barrie, is engaged in writing a play for Mr. Arthur Bouichier, of the Garrick Theatre, London. May Yohe (Lady Francis Hope) mav ap« pear on the New York stage thni mnt«r (says the London 'Daily Mail' of August 9). Mr. Chamberlin, manager of the Herald Square Theatre, has offered her the leading role in a new opera to be produced in two months, Mr. Arthur Paterson's Cromwell* play, which Mr. Charles Cartwright was to pro duce at the London Globe in September, has been finally christened 'The. Secret of the Question.' The stories of the immense salaries paid to actors and actresses are as a rule to be accepted with considerable caution, but the following, from a recent London exchange, may be taken as authentic ; —Miss Ada Reeve is at present receiving £105 a week, but to continue her engagement at the Lyric Theatre in Messrs, Owen Hall and Leslie Stuart's new musical comedy she asks a salary of £120 a week, an'd the management are still considering whether they can afford to pay these terms. Mr. Tom Davis should consult the Gaiety Theatre reports of the last ten y«ars to see the inevitable result of these huge salaries to the most popular performers. Says the London 'Daily Mail' of August 8:— The season that has just come to an end has been encouraging from the classical point of view, but rather 'melancholy for those who believe in the modern British drama. With hardly an exception, the leading dramatists have been resting on their laurols, So few are they that they have practically the market to themselves ; consequently, they have amassed consider able fortunes, and work only at long inter vals, Mr, Pinero has given us nothing since 'The Gay Lord Qnez' ; Mr. Henry Arthur Jones has been quiescent since 'Car- nac Sahib'; Mr. Haddon Chambers, Mr. Sydney Qrundy, Mr. Louis N. Parker, Cap tain Marshall, and Mr. H. V. Esmond have shared in this conspiracy of silence, though Mr. Esmond has won a great success in America with 'When We Were Twenty One.' But, witih ono exception (Mr. R, 0, Carton's 'Lady Huntwortfti s Experiment'), no new play by a recognised English author was produced at a West-end play house lost season, tiii ? ii The same paper continues : --But the sea son which will shortly be with us, and the time which will immediately follow it, aro much more rosy in prospect. True, there is no probability of Mr. Pinero making his reappearance, but he has been preparing the ground for a new piece, aud lias probably by this time 'got it in his head.' Mr. H. A. Jones, on the other hand, will provide new plays for Mr. Wyndham and the Duke of York's Theatre. We shall see a new piece by Mr, J, M, Barrie— a- most import ant event ; Mr. Grundy 'fills the bill at the St. James's, arid Captain Marshall will have a new comedv performed at tho Hay market, Mr. Haddon Chambers should in the not-too-distant future have a produc tion at the St. James's. Mr, Esmond's 'When We Were Twenty-One' may, per haps, be brought over by Mr. Nat. Good win. Very appetising, too, is the an nouncement of a uew and original poetical play at Her Majesty's, 'Herod,' by Mr. Stephen Phillips, probably the only poet of to-day, except Swinburne, of course, who rises above the 'minor.' Sir Henry Irving as yet promises no novelty when he re turns to the Lyceum in the spring ; and, though the ploy on the subject of the Mas sacre of St. Bartholomew, if it be done thoro, will be new to us, it will add no thing to the dramatio literature of the coun try, for Mr. W. L, Courtney and Mr. Comyns Carr have gone to the German for inspiration, Nevertheless, their work is bound to be of more than usual interest and ability. The autumn of 1900 and the spring of 1901 promise to go far towards remedy ing the barrenness of one of tho most un productive seasons of recent years. Uka'Palmay, the Hungarian singer, who appeared for some- time at the Savoy Theatre, London, has reoontly married Count Kinsky, and by so doing has be come aunt to tlio future Empearor of Austria. Mrs. Patrick Campbell opened the new Ttaatre Royal, Portsmouth, on August 7 by playing 'Magda' to an overflowing audience. Prior to tihe performance Mrs, Campbell made a short speech, in which she said that the theatre was not en tirely finished, owing to so many Ports mouth workmen being ait the fron't, and that she, as the mother of a Britannia oade't, felt speoial interest in the town associated wLtii so many naval heroes, from Nelson to Seymour. A London journal says ;— It may be token as nearly certain that Mr. Tree will follow the revival of 'Julius Ctesar' with the production of Mr. 'Stephen PhilUps's 'Herod.' Mr. Stephen Pbillips's play ia a drama of the most serious order, writ ten with nil the literary charm and dra matic intelligence which readers' of 'Paola and Franzesca' would expect. The Herod he wites cf ii not the tetraich of the time of Our Lord, but the Herod the Great of an earlier period, the ruler who was often etyled the 'King of the Jews.' i ?; t: « . t t An amusing story comes from Chelten ham (Eng.), well-known as the home of firls' schools. According to the 'Era,' lr F. R. Benson was playing 'Hamlet' there some little time since, .and the theatre was filled to its utmost capacity with a number of the young ladies who were being elevated and amused at one and the same time. The aotor was just in the middle of the ghost scene, tho lights were lowered, and the excitement was intense. Suddenly a voice arose from the stage box— 'Mr. Benson!' No an swer. 'Mr. Benson!' Stall no ? answer. 'Mr. Benson, -wouJd you mind having, the lights raised? The young ladies can't pee to fbUow their copies?' i. i ? it t Mr. George Grossmdth, the well-known English' entertainer, has recorded in his memoiis that on one occasion when he was asked to sing the Lord' Chancellor's patter song at Sir Arthur Sullivan's, he* iound himself unaible to' recall it, but Lord Hopatoun, who was one of the guests, quickly oame to the rescue, and sang it one bar ahead of the carefully-pursuing come-' dian! i ??' k a ? » . ? According to a contemporary, a bill Iws been, introduced into the1 Louisiana Legislature to make it a misdemeanor for the uijacager of a circus or theatre com pany to make false representations in ad vertising. One of the effects of this bill, if pasted, wiM be to do away with tho sometimes misleading picture-poster. If such a measure were to come into force in this colony some managers would have to change uheir tactics in order to steer clear of .the- law. Whether it is due to variable and try ing weather, or to oveiwoik at bazaars and dharity mxatineeis, fainting seems to bo a growing fashion among tne artiste in unusioal comedy (remarks 'M.A.P.'). At the Gaiety, Miss Grace Pafotta has been taken -wtwi a way of going off suddenly. Miss Violet Lloyd has also been fainting, '?and the other day Miss Maud Hobson swooned, and «oufd notbo brought to cton BeiousDosa for over an hour. At the Shaf teflbmy, Mdas Ella Snyder has been suf fering from serious faintingfits, and now Miss Edna May is very badly trembled with the same icomplaint. In Miss May's cas'e the attacks come on so suddenly 'hat there is no knowing .what might happen, and she jb obliged to have some nwanber of -her family constantly wftlh her. The appointment has (says the 'Argus') been made and gazetted of the first sworn lady valuator in Victoria under the Transfer of Land Act 1890. The lady is Miss White, land and estate agent, Collins-street. She made application recently to the At torney-General to bo appointed a sworn valuator, and furnished testimonials and other evidence which satisfied the Minister that she was thoroughly qualified for the position. The appointment was made on August 13, and gazetted by the Governor in Council on Mr. Irvine's recommpndation on August 17. These valuators are necessary for the valuation for revenue purposes of lands which are to be brought under the pro visions of the Transfer of Land Act or for any other purpose connected with the Titles Offico, Among those who testified to Mr. Irvine as to Miss White's fitness for the post were the Chief Justice, the Speaker (Mr. Mason), Mr. W. H. Embling, M.L.C., and the heads of many of the leading financial and commercial institutions of Melbourne. 