The Old Hare. [Australasian Pastoralists' -Review.), He had won, and oh I such a race it had been I He had won the Blue Riband the Derby-the acme of a sportsman's desire, and I had bred him. I had seen him that first spring morning when he scrambled to his old dam's side with many a lurch and stumble, and had seen how once there he had blown out his nose with a snort and shake of the head, and then had nearly sucked her dry. I had fed him and handled him day by day for sixteen solid months, and when the hammer had fallen, and he was no longer mine, for once I had felt a pang of regret, and had gone back to his box to give him a final pat on the neck, again t« feel his velvet muzzle caress my cheek, and to see the bright eye once more grow brighter when I came. And now the grand^ crash of triumph had come, andi wás alone among the crowd, chewing^the. sweet cud of memories, and Raising over again the many castles . built so often in the air before. I aver looked to take my triumphs all alone, and in mine own way. As a student, after the lists posted in the vestibule had gladdened the over-anxious heart, I always sought a bookstall, purchased all the sporting papers, then some good cigars, and so with "these, at peace with all mankind, to bed. And now, alone in the far corner of the paddock, just within sight of ¿he colt at his toilet, I sat and tried to drink it in, and lind-what life so seldom gives -tha realisation equal to the anticipa trffo. But it was not to be for. long. Hovering around the outskirts of the crowd,- walbing the colt while being dressed?"! saw an old, old friend, from Queensland - Willie Scott. His eye caught mine, and in a minute be was heaping me with all congratulations on the win. "I know his sire, of course," Willie had said, " but look here, old fellow, what's his dam?7' " Ah ! that's a long story, Willie, too long to tell you now. But I say sport is over for me to-day. What do you think of catching an early train before the crush? We'll havé a tub and a rattling dinner at Scott's, and I'll tell yo« all about it as we yarn in the evening." " I'm your man. By jove ! what luck I met you here I" And so, by mutual consent, and full . of gladne£ to meet after these years, ? we took our way to town and to our A friendly " Inn " (forgive me, Scott), and dinner. Well, Willie, you know I've settled downiin Harkaway these many years now, and I have had the old mare ever since my second summer there. We had a lot of sickness all that spring, no o.ther doctor then-God help them I j there are half a dozen now-and I was out all day, and often nearly half the night. Three times in one week, at almost the same hour, just at the first faint glimmering of dawn, I passed the little public house close to the river bank beyond the. mill. Each time I passed the same sight caught the eye. A tali, strapping, lithesome fellow crossed the yard, caught a rare hand- some cut of a thoroughbred brown mare, swung himself into his seat by the mane, and without saddle, bridle, or even halter, set her head for the rails. Lean see it now-the easy swing of her canter, the toss of her delicate head, and I can see the rider's beautiful balance, swinging with her stride, his figure clear cut against the morning aky. Then she'd gather herself to- gether, two sharp strokes, and heigh ! she was over the four foot six and galloping along down to the river for her morning drink. On the second and third mornings I pulled up at the corner and waited., She came gaily up the steep bank, hopped off into her canter when she reached the level ground, timed herself to an inch, and glided over the rails again on her return journey. And not the worst part of the performance was the rider's seat. I simply bowed down and wor- shipped. But I had no time to stop and have a yarn. Once start me in those days to talk horses änd the sun might have been high before old Tom, my groom, would have i heard the hum of the buggy wheels | and the clatter of the cob on the metal j road nearing home. But sometimes, I while passing during daylight, I would I see the horseman sitting in the shade | beneath the big acacia tree, and often w,hen he sat his arm was circling some J slim waist, Norah's, or Bridget's, or Jane's, and I somehow liked the beg- gar's look, he made me always think so much of Rupert and all the jolly j cavalier?, or of a careless, happy, devil-1 m:iy-care hussar. Then for a week I missed my cavalier, it was near the end of spring, and yet, though days were hot and dusty, nights were mild, f had had a long, hard day, riding far and driving farther, till when at last the work seemed done, and bed, its white sheets bathed in the light of a full moon, invited me, a fit of shivering came on, " rigors,* we call it in the profession, and sleep was out of tke question. I don't know if you were er so tired on a hot night as to take e shivers, but I can tell you it absolutely hurts, and all sorts of hor TmAe possibilities fly to the medical »ind. So I lay awake tired and miser able, listening to the rising andjfalling of the chorus of frogs in the river flats, a sound which usually above all others in the bush lulls me to sleep. Then a mob of stone plovers wailed weirdly to one another-you know the birds, they cry just like that ghost that haunts our own old border hills, the well- beloved whaup. And just when thoughts of home and .Ted, Teviot, and Tweed, were calming down the brain, hark I the trot of a lame horse on the metal, and a led horse trotting beside it! "For me, I'll bet, and I cursed my luck. It left the metal and neared the house, slowed dowD, stopped, the latch clicked, and the gate slammed. " Con- found it !" I thought, as the step neared the door, "I'll say I'm not well, and can't go." But round to the verandah door of my room came the messenger, and the familiar 'voice of old Mick Flannagan, the tenant of the public house beyond the mill, said softly : " Are you in, doctor?" " I am. Mick, but I'm not well." " You'll have to come, none the less, doctor." Andlknewitwasallup. Mick was a determined mah. A little, active fellow, with a quick, bright eye -he had only one, poor chap-and stow to words. He always cleared his throat before he spoke, and what he said you'd always swear he meant, and he bad just a touch of an Irish brogue. So up I got. ".What is it, Mick?" " A broken leg, doctor." " Simple or compound ?" "What's that?" " Is the bone through the skin ?" " God bless you, its through the Wel- lington boot and the moleskins." > So with a bag laden with dressings, and a bundle of splints, we reached the garden gate, and there stood Mick's lame pony and the grand brown mare. Mick carried the bundle, and we cantered through the township, lying sleeping in the moon, the Ascension lilies with their heavy smell nodding in all the gardens to the gentle wooing of the wind, standing there like rows of dead men's faces, communing silently together. And out into the country, passing now through a wave of hot, balmy air, and then through a cool, refreshing little breeze, and over the corner of the big swamp, where flocks of spurwings rose with their harsh, grating cry, past Mick's botel, much to my surprise, and down the lane right to the river bank. She was running a banker ; the winter snows were coming down, and in the clear moonlight you could see patches of foam sweep teariog round the bend above and hurrying along like heads of wild white horses struggling for the lead. "Where is be, Mick?" V Over on the far bank, doctor." " Ob, you be damned, I'm not going there ! Is there no boat ?" " There's no boat, and you've got to go." " Well, then, who is he ?" " You know you'vegot tosay nothing, doctor." And Mick looked-well-like I never saw him before or since. It's Tom Flynn, the O'Grady's bush telegraph. Now you understand." Then my heart turned to water, and I tried to get out of it. " But, Mick, bow about the splints ?" "They'll come." 1 "And where on earth will we treat him ; there's no house ?" "It will be all right, doctor ; go on." "But I'm no good at swimming; I'll never get there." " Go on doctor, and look sharp about it." And then in a rather less truculent way he added, "She'll.carry you over as safe as a ship." We were on a high, steep bank, and it looked almost like a precipice from us to the water's edge-a " scaur" we call it ab home-and it was cut up and streaked by the marks bf many cattle coming and going. I looked at Mick and shrugged my shoulders, and I looked ab the rushing waters, and wished I was at 'home and in bed, when slap on the mare's rump came Mick's open hand. I had just time tc tbrow myself back in the saddle and we were over the bank, the mare's fore feet shot out in fnont, and her hind legs tucked well in beneath her, and gliding straight for the gurgling tide. " Give her her head," I heard the old man shout, and with a splash and a -flounder we were in. And oh! bj George 1 how cold it was. The ma« sat high in the water, but I was wei nearly to the waist, and. the plunge had splashed the spray over my bead dimming my spectacles, and I dursi not move* a hand to dry them, st everything was seen as through a mist and blurred. Ab, well! "in for t penny in for a pound," and now that j was in for it and no mistake, I felt mj courage rise, and a feeling almost o: enjoyment took possession of me. Th< brown mare, was heading straight foi the opposite bank, her ears back nearly flat on her neck, and her eyes starting out of her head with her efforts, bu the current was taking 'us down at i fearful rate. With the tail of my ey I could see Mick, not many yard behind, deep in the water, and holdinj the bundle high above his head to kee] it dry.. But the mare was " as safe a a ship" true enough, and in a very fev minutes she was out of the rush of th current, and heading for a little bay ii the far bank, the only place for ; quarter of a mile where we could hav landed. Mick was half a minute latei and slipping off his pony he tied hir up to a gum sapling. " Just let the mare go, doctor, an come this way, please," he said, an we pulled ourselves over a steep bani walked a few yards up stream, passe through a thick clump of wattle at th foot of a sand hill, and into a little piz hut. I had passed the spot a score c times boating and fishing,, and neve knew a hut was there, so artfully wa it hidden. There on a rough stretche lay my cavalier, his face very pale, bi his eye full of courage; and abs! tb bone, as Hick bad said, throug Wellington and moleskins too. " Fm glad you've come; doctor, I wa feeling a bit sick and lonesome like, he said. " How did it happen ?" I asked. " The mare caught her foot in tb fork of a snag newly brought down b the flood, and over she went. SI crushed me between the saddle and big limb. Will it be long before Ii right?" ' I had snipped up the leg of tl moleskin and ripped through the boo from top to bottom with a beautifull sharp pair of curved scissors, and in minute or two it was all exposed I view. " Come out here a minute, Mick, at I'll tell you what we've got to do," said ; and when we were out of earshi -" Look here, old mán, that leg cac be saved. If we try it he'll die." "Oh, good God, doctor, you doc mean that ?" " I do." Then there was nothing for it but I tell Tom. For a moment he look« scared, but only for a moment, ar then he pulled himself together like man, and as cheery as you like sai "I'll risk that; I'd sooner die with than live without it, so go on, docto and do your best." All night we worked trying to g things shipshape. The leg was se dressed, and swung in a most ingenioi swing cradle which Mick, an old sailo executed by my suggestions. At when the morning light came it wi wonderful how comfortable the poi chap looked. And I began to boj almost against hope. "Now, Mick, how about a nurse You've got to mind your pub., I can be here much, and we can't take hi to Harkaway. The police would be c him in two shakes. They've been hi foot on his scent this ten days I knox and here um I, a J.P., by Thundei tip to my neck ia hiding a felon." "That'sall right, doctor, Norah and Tom have been Keeping company thia laBt twelve months, and would have been married as soon as this racket was over, Norah can swim the brown mare over, and still nurse him right enough." ^ "Bight you are, and I'll stay here till she comes." Then Mick mounted the lame pony and leading the mare, once more in be plunged and. stemmed the torrent force. William of Deloraine, waa never in the hunt. Why, the dear old Ale that comes raging down from the lakes is a mere moorland burn, and Sir Walter drew a very long bow Indeed 1 when he imagined, the Moss trooper sinking over the saddle bow. I've seen a Dandie Dinmont terrier wade it in summer time at Sinton Mill and never wet his back, and I've forded it on foot in flood half a score of times at " ancient Riddle's fair domain.'1 And whaJ>would Mrs. William have done? Fof as I sat ruminating in th© morning sun, down comes Norah on ' the mare, bare-backed, and with a graceful seat. Without a moment's pause over the hank she slipped down into the flood. Norah had been there before, for, like one to the manner born, she slipped off up stream, and paddling with ber left hand and holding the mane with her right she was safely, nay, gracefully landed in the little bay. I did not watch her draggled figure, however, climbing up the bank, and, in fact, for half an hour I strolled the other way and left the poor unfortun- ates all to themselves. When I believed it was a fair thing to return she was sitting sunning herself, and, like a bird, drying her plumes after her bath in the warm November sun. How very beautiful too she looked, with her soft, creamy complexion flushed with a little rosy pink, her coal black, silky tresses plainly tied in Irish fashion with a snood-simplex mundiiiia-and ber Irish grey eyes BO bold and true, and yet so modest withal, and still so often lighted up with fun. But there were bad times in front of these two. My heart was still unpetrified by all those oft-recurring tragedies we see in daily life. No 1 God help me i I sometimes' think the more we see the more our pity grows. The fount of tearB dries up, and that is all. So Norah and I worked on, at first with hope, sometimes with laughter on some bright happy morning when everything looked well, and Tom had slept. Mind you, I didn't swim the river every time I paid the pair a visit. Old Mrs. Tomkins on the Victorian side, by some special dispensation ol Providence, was struck with palsy twt nights after Tom had had hiB fall And every day I crossed the punt tc feel her failing pulse and listen to tbi jumble of her talk, and watch her sand: of life run dry,\theri on the bomewarc jourpey, without* much loss of time, ] called on Tom. But what I dreadec came. One afternoon Norah wai waiting at the panels near the lane and quite a quarter of a mile awa; from Tom, and then I knew that it ha! come. Tom had never Blent ; be wa irritable and wouldn't eat. Sometime Norah thought his bead was wrong and the wound looked quite unlik what it bad ever looked before. Er we quite reached .the little door, could tell the worst ; gangrene wa setting in, he was quite sensible, am bis eyes met mine, and with one glanc he read the verdict/. "I might eave you yet, Tom, bt you know as well as I, the leg mm come." He stole one glance at Norah ; for minute his eyes filled and his li quivered, bub bis voice never shoe when he said, "No, doctor, by Got rio." , Norah was sobbing at the door, hi head covered with a shawl, and bunt in her knees. So I arose and wen when all was done that I could di The last time that I was to swim tl flood was but a few days after tha It was sundown when I reached tl hut, bu* the red flush in, tbe westei sky stole through the wattle bough and tinted his face as he lay. And i ne lay-I swear be looked like a soldi taking his rest. Norah sat beside bin There was no tears, and her face wi as if it were carved from stone. " I'll come, doctor," she said, " ai we'll swim the river to-night for t last time. I brought the mare, which w feeding close by with the side sadd on, and sore against my will put n own old Peggy at the flood. Y remember old Peggy, my brown cc Old honesty never shuffled or ma any bones about it, but plung straight in, and I beard Norah folio I never saw horse or mare swim so fi as old Peggy. It was down stream the best landing place on the Ni South Wales side, and I seemed to f there in two shakes. While Pegj shook herself I heard the brown mc behind me scramble up the ba snorting and terrified. Good God 11 Baddie was balf round on her flank great cut in her chest, and no Non Away out in mid-stream, rolling a dipping as he went, was a hu branched log, working his way to t sea, and once in his upward surgi thought I caught the flutter of a dre and saw the gleam of a white hal But I was not sure. She was ne' found. And Tom ? Ah I we buried him th in the sand bank beneath the watt! Mick made the grave, and I read 1 few words from the Book. 'Tis flft< years since, and it's "dust to du But the mare 6till lives.. She twenty-one, and she's bred nie a Dei winner" to-day, a Maribyrnong ant Newmarket Handicap two years a and there is a chestnut yearling coll home, and a brown filly foal at fe and 6he saved my life twice. " Did the O'Gradys give you a fe asked Willie Scott. "No; they were banged, shot, burned in a fire a month after 1 died. But I kept the mare." " And you were well paid." "I was. Come, let us. go. growing cold." W.H.li. 