g@e;-j.a3asayti^i^rilpRIj^pL .lSfBj] A Obituary.—Mr. R. MoLennan, the well known South-Eastern railway guard, and Mrs. -McXiaiLuaDLJiayBJiUstainail asad bereavement in the death of their son, Mr. W. MoLennan, which occurred at hia parents' residence, Mount Gambier, last Wednesday. Thedeoeased, who "wais 27£ years of age, was an engine driver on the railways and resided for some time at Peters berg. About five months ago he had a severe attack of fever, which left complica tions behind, resulting in his death. Some two or three months ago, by the advice of hie medical attendant, be went to Mount Gambier for a change, and he passedaway at his parents' residence. The deceased leaves a wife, a daughter of Mr. Risby, railway station master at Moonta, bub no family. The funeral book plaoe at Mount Gambier on Saturday. Vebmin Fencing Loan.—The vermin proof fenoing loan of £20 applied for by the Narra ooorte District Council on behalf of Mrs. Jane Hinze has been granted. Satobday, April 14, and Tuesday, April 17, I hare been gazetted bank holidays. I Easteb Holidays.—Good Friday, April 13, and Easter Monday, April 16, have been proclaimed public holidays. The publio offices will also be closed on Saturday, April 14. An Unpleasant Experience. — Mr. L. DeGaris, our well-known townsman, had a rather unpleasant experience on Sunday after noon. He was driving to lioohaber, ac companied by his wife and children, to take a servioe there in his capacity as a layman of the Wesleyan Church. While travelling along the road by the Morambro paddock known as Thomas's, the metal on the road suddenly gave way and a leg of one of the horses went down into the ground. The resnl e was that the mare was thrown on to her head and sustained a severe cut above the eye, while other parts of the animal were badly bruised. The second horse pulled the trap several yards before Mr. DeGans could draw it to a standstill, and he and the other oooupants of the buggy narrowly esoaped being thrown out. The mare's foot become so tightly embedded in the hole that in drawing it out the suction pulled the shoe clean ofi, and it remained in the opening. The breakiug away of the surfaoe of the road was evidently due to the burrowing of rabbits. It is fortunate that the ooourenoe was not attend ed by more serious results. A Picnic.—Oa Saturday last the members 1 of the Narraooorte Public Sohoul Fife and Dram Band had ..a pleasant day's onting at the popular picnic resort known as Stoney Point. The boys were oonveyed to the soene of the day's pleasure in three of Mr. Mark Bead's well equipped'drags, and were accompanied by Mr. Roach, the Head Master, and Mr. Wittber, his assistant. A number also rode out on horses aod ponies. Each boy brought his own luDoh, and Messrs. G. P. Smith and W. Shoebridge supplied them with tins of bisouits and lollies, while Mr. Roach also brought some delicacies. Under the direction of their teaoheis the juvenile band boys had a jolly day's outing. A sports' programme was carried ont, and various games and pastimes were en tered into heartily. _ The day, although dull, was fine. About six o'clook home was safely reached, the boys beiug thoroughly tired out with their enjoyable day's ramble. A South Australian Loan.—The Agent General in London (Sir John Oockburh) has issued the prospectus of a South Australian 3 per cent. loan of £1,000,000, thB minimum for which is fixed at £91 10s. Tenders are to be in by noon to- morrow. The Sales on the "Bugler" Pbinciple.— The results of the various "sales on the Bugler principle" in aid of the Bushmen's Corps Fund have been tabulated. Tbe following were :r.< results :—Sale of a bullock (per the Mayor of Adelaide), £505; donkey (per Mr. N. Richard son), £73; lamb (per Mr. W. A. Blacker), £30; pig (per Elder, Smith and Co.), £12;four geese (per Mrs. Gerhardt), £810s 6d: baby at Gawler, £1 7s 3d; "Ladykiiier" at Elliston, £1 4s 6d. The horse Maid of Erin realised £210 in tbe south-east, and the horse Britannia £60. In addition to the above many small articles were auctioned with satisfactory results. The Indian Famine.—In an official state ment, Lord Curzon, the Vioeroy of India, declares that the terrible drought which pre vails in parts of India has depreciated the value of tbe wbe&t; orop by £10,000,000 and the cotton production by £7,000,000. The agriculturists of Bombay have lost to the ex tent of £15,000,000 by the failure of food crops alone. Moreover, the famine has cost the Indian Government the huge sum of £8,509,000. The Viceroy concludes by thank ing the colonists of Australia wbo are subscrib ing so generously to the fund instituted for the relief of the victims of the famine. The efficiency of the relief, His Excellenoy adds, has had the effect of maintaining the normal rate of mortality. We have received the following circular from the Secretary to the Mavor's Fund, Adelaide:—"The Committee appointed at the public meeting on March 15 desire to appeal to their fellow colonists, and espjcially to the various religious bodies, the members of district councils, and the proprie tors of the local newspapers, for their co-oper ation and assistance. The case is one of the utmost urgency. The calamity is wide spread, extending from the Deco&n; in the south to the Punjab in the North. No fewer tban five millions of people are dependent on the Government for support. What that means we, who are living in a land of plenty, can hardly realise. The people are reduced to the greatest straits. Many of them have parted with everything in order to obtain food. Tender-hearted _ mothers have sold their children for grain. The resources of the: Government have been strained to the utmost to meet the emergency, and they have appeal ed to other parts of the Empire for help. We have been contributing liberally to the various funds connected with the war in Sonth Afrioa, and we cannot listen with a deaf ear So the cry of distress whioh.oomes from starving millions in our Indian Empire." A subscrip tion has already been taken up in Narraooerte by Mesdames Wileken and Miller in aid of the. Fund, and the result has been most' satisfac tory. On Friday last we remitted £30 5s 5d to the Proprietors of the Register, this, being the net amount oolleoted by the ladies mentioned. Adelaide and the Plague.—The Adelaide Local Board of Health waited on the Chief Secretary on Tuesday, and urged that the Government should adopt certain measures for the prevention of bubonio plague. The Mayor said the Government Bhould take the whole of the responsibility of preventing the spread of the plague. The Minister -agreed that-the Government should undertake the. work of isolation; and said if the Government oould give assistance in the provision and distribu tion of disinfectants they would do so, and would bear a portion of the expense. - He was snre snch a wealthy .Corporation as the City of Adelaide would not expsot the Government to bear the whole of the cost. The Government was quite as anxious as the Corporation to prevent the introduction and spread of-the disease. Salvation Aemy. — Captain Maud Watt* and Lieutenant Margaret Butt have been ap pointed to the charge oi the—Narraooorte Oorps in enooesBion to (Japtain and Mrs. Hunt, who are retiring from active service for a time. South Australia and thb Qubbn's "Visit to Ireland. —The Irish National Federation in Adelaide had some difficulty in making up their minds about the manner in which they! would mark the Queen's visit to Ireland, whioh is to take place this. week. One and all desired to send a congratulatory telegram to Her Majesty, but in addition they desired to im press our noble Queen that Home Rule was the one thing needful to make the "distressful country" happy and prosperous. The matter relating to Home Rule did not receive unani mous support; as some who earnestly believed in Home Rule thought any referenoe to it was injudicious. The proposed message of hearty greeting was handed to His Excellency the Governor for despatch; but Lord Tennyson deoided that as a referenoe to Home Rule had a political significance he oould not despatoh it unless it had this matter left out. However, it was decided to get over the difficulty by sending the wire of greetiqg to the Mayor of Dublin, who will doubtless convey the mes sage to Her Majesty. W.O.T.U. Convention. — The triennial i Contention of the W.O.T.U. w»b formally opened in Adelaide on Thursday last, and on Friday business was commenced. Progress reports of the Australasian Secretary and the various Colonial Unions were presented, and the informatien that the Union in the colonies consists of 6,500 members and honorary mem bers, showed that the work was expanding. The President (Mrs. Nicholls) delivered an earnest address, the keynote of which was for members to stri ve to reach the goal of prohibi tion. In the evening a united temperanoe demonstration was held in the Town Hall, over wbioh the Premier, the 3?, W, Bolder, prwided, Wesleyan Chdboh—Habvebt Thanksgiv ING.—On Sunday last harvest thanksgiving vioes were held in the Wesleyan Churoh. Tfilp interior of the saorgd buiffiing.was^rettvtedecorl; f KSjlntifur haniest^i^ad the hpyrerB, ffeifijs and other things went to nialie up taili display gave va oheerfi&Sind; appropriate effeot to the sur Irounding^l) The ftev. A. H. Oarne occupied /the phSiij-Wd the choir under the conductor ship of Mr. G. J. Smith led the ohoral part of ■ the services efficiently. At the morning service there was a good congregation, and Mr. Oarne preaohed a suitable discourse. The ohoir rendered nicely the anthem "All Thy Works Shall Praise Thee," Mr. G. J. Smith takiug the tenor solo. The churoh was inadequate to seat the congregation that assembled for the evening service, and many were turned away. It was Mr. Carne'a farewell sermon, and this, no doubt, accounted for the overflowing at tendance. The rev. gentleman took as his text — "Finally, brethren, farewell. Be ye ■ perfeoc, be of good comfort, be of one mind, live in peace; and the God of love and peaoe shall be with you." II. Corinthians, cb. XIII. v. II. In bidding them farewell, Mr. Oarne said that it would be the last time he would preach to them for the present, at all events, tie would be glad to visit them again if in God'sgood providence the privilege were grant ed him. First he wished to bid farewell to the Church and to the officers and teachers; also to the members of the Christian Endeavor, and to all the helpers and workers. It bad been his desire to see many conversions, but that had not been. But if they had succeeded'in turning even one sinner some good had been done. That was not the place to thank the laymen of the ohurch. He had a devout feelingof thank fulness towards them for the servioes they had rendered, but it was more fitting that they should receive their acknowledg ment from the Eternal God. To the congregation he Would also say farewell. By the congregation he meant those who had been heareers of the Word, but not aotive work ers, and had made no profession of Christianity. He would like to ask how long would they be members of the congregation to listen to the word preached, and yet. not experience the blessing Of having the Divine Spirit in their hearts. The message he would give them in saying farewell waB, "Be ye doers and not hearers." The rev. gentleman then went on to deal with what he took to be the true meaning of the word fare well. Some thought that to prosper in : business and goods meant fareing well. He j did not depreoate those things, but tbey did 1 not nsoesaarily constitute welfare. A rnau I might be doing well in that respect, and may. not be fareing well, bat be on the road to per dition. EieheB were not in themselves an evil, but if they took the place of the Almighty God they were one of the most serious evils the human heart could be beguiled with. Others thought . that to live in ease and comfort also meant fareing well, but it was not so. Then again, the enjoyment of good health was also often considered to be welfare, bnt a man was not always fareing well when the body was right. Neither was it welfare to be in honor, among men and have the applause of all; that was a poor sign sometimes, lor had net the Saviour said, " Woe onto you when all men shall speak well of you." To let their souls delight in the fatness of the provisions of God, to have the favor of God, to enjoy the fulness of His Salvation, and love and labor for him; that was farewelling in the highest de gree. The first step towards attaining true welfare was to look to others. They oould not obtain it by their own goodness and striving. During his ministry among them he did not think he had omitted to preach to them on any of the main doctrines of Chris tianity and the great truths of God. He had □ever sought to preach to them eloquent ser mons, but to deliver the teaohings of God in' as simple a manner as possible, so that it would be well within the grasp of all. Tbey must repent towards God for the purpose of welfariug. If they had not repented he would ask them to do so, for that was the first step to Christianity. The seooud step was faith in ihe Lord Jesus Christ. Christ had made the atonement and sacrifice for our sinB, and they should aBk Him to forgive their sins. The third seep towards Christianity was the sanctihca tion by the Spirit; they should seek to enjoy the sanctifying presence of the Holy Ghost. If they did all this, and followed in the way he bad stated, they would be farewelling in the highest degree. During the servioe the ohoir sang the anthem "Thou openest thy hands," Miss Sobinokel rendering the soprano solo with good taste. Last evening a social was held in the oburch, at wbioh the congrega tion bade good- bye to the Rev. Mr. Carne. Mr. Carne leaves for Terowie on Wednesday. ODDPBLLOWSHIP, M.U. — At the annual meeting of the Adelaide District of the I.O.O.F., M.U., held in Adelaide on Tues day, the application for a grant .from the Benevolent Fund to the Mosquito Plains Lodge upon leaving the Adelaide and joiuing the South-Kastern District was referred to the Benevolent Fund Trustees, with power to aot. Maech Rainfall.—The rainfall register ed at the Narracoorte Telegraoh Office during the month of March was 3.39 inches, which fell on 14 days, while the record for the corres ponding month of the previous year was 1.24 inches on 9 days. This splendid fall of rain which we have had duriug Maroh has put agriculturists and graziers in good heart, and the prospects of a good season are very bright. Sir Charles Todd states that during the last 39 years the heaviest rainfall in the month of March was in 1877, when the average over the agricultural districts of South Australia, extending from Melrose to Cape Northumberland, was over 4 inches, and in two other years—1878 and 1880 —the average was over 2 inches. The average rainfall in our agrioultural distriots for Maroh is a little below an inch, and for Adelaide a little over an inoh. The Federal Delegates Submit a Memo randum to the British Cabinet.—The Aus tralian Federation delegate! have adopted a memorandum, prepared by the legal gentlemen among their number, for submission to the Cabinet, through Mr. Chamberlain, defining minutely their position in relation to the Com monwealth Bill. They state that they hare no authority to, go behind-the referendum by tyhioh theeoherne waa'approved in the federa ting colonies. The amendments proposed by the" Crown law officers are subjeoted to a close and elaborate legal analysis, and in regard to every amendment the memorandum oalls in question the conclusions of. the. law offioere. Furthermore, it is contended that it would be judicious and generous'for the Imperial Par-! iiament to reBpeot every line and letter of the Constitution embodied in the Bill as drafted by the representatives of the people and adopted by the 1 people themselves and the same respect is solicited for the "cover ingZolauses." -The Australians,'it is urged, were considered fit to make their own Constitu tion, aud.surely {says the memorandum) their judges would be the best interpreters of that Constitution, with whose workings they would he-more familiar than judgeB at a distance. The rights of the rest of the Empire are unpre judioed by the Commonwealth scheme, and the memorandum oonoludes with a strong appeal to the Imperial Government to trust the British Taoe, who, neither in Australia nor elsewhere, had ever abused" the "'oonfidenoe reposed in them. This trust, it is added, would be a real bond of empire. The Sanitahy State of Bobdeb Toww.— At a.meeting of the Oeiitral Board of Health held on the 21st inst the Chief Inspector furhi^ed a'repbrt oh the township of Border town. Many of the houses were of wood, old, and in an advanoed stage of deoay, and the privies , were very defective. Borne of the houses stood on piles and the apaoes under the floors were filled with refuse blown there by the winds. A watercourse, which received the overflow from a large tank oonneoted with a well in the oentreof the township, used for watering stock, was desoribed iu the report as a "quagmire of filthy liquid." The' report concluded with "details of improvements re quiring to be made at a number of plaoes' The Secretary was direoted to forward full partioulars to the Local Board with a request that the necessary improvements, in aooord anoe with the regulations under the Health Aot, 1898, be made within one month, the township to be re-inapaoted after that time has elapsed. Zealous Loyalty.—The Boer war has been the oause of muoh friction in oommunities throughout Australia., and that has been owing to the preaenoe of fo reigners from Continental nations who have been freely admitted into the rights and privileges of citizenship. It is not a plea sant faot that Britain is heartily disliked on the Continent of Europe with the ezoeption perhaps of the peoples of Greeoe and Italy; and it is strange that some of those who have become colonists share with their compatriots in the old land the jealousy exhibited by them towards Great Britain- A German publican in Bendigo flew his national flag over his hotel; some boys who thought that the Union Jack i should have been there banled it down; the ; incident oame to the ears of the German Con- - sul in Melbourne, and international oomplisa- ! tions are threatened. The Victorian Govern- | ■nent have determined to proseoute them; but j the German publiaap does not deiira the mat' i tar to be pushed any further, « GjgtiATrvE Council Elections. — The "" ""iSSBens for the Legislative Council jio__L8bri'ctB of the colony will take place in Saturday, May 19. The membere who re tire from the Counoil on April 14 are—Cen tral District, the Hons. W. A. Robinson and H. R. Fuller; Southern District, the Hons. J. L. Stirling and J. H. Gordon ; North-Eastern Distriot, the Hons. W. RusbbII and F. Base dow; and Northern District, the Hons. E. Ward and J. G. Bioe. The Late General Joubkbt.—On Friday morning a cable was received here announcing the death of General Joubert, the Boer Com- 1 mander-in-Chiet. General Fietrus Jacebus Joubert, the Vice-President and Commander in-Chief of the Transvaal, like President Kroger, -was a Cape colonist by birth, having been born at Cango, in 1831. He was one of the first Transvaal State Attorneys, and aoted as President durincr the absenoe of Mr. Bur gers in England. Later on be himself went to England with Mr. Kruger to seek, the retro cession of the Transvaal after the annexation. Soon after that followed the Boer war, in whioh he was Commander-in-Chief., A year or two ago when the Boers were actively en- ■ gaged in Beohuanaland he tendered his resig nation to the Volksraad on the gronnds that he was unable to " hold office under a Govern ment whioh had deliberately broken faith, with England and violated the Convention by annexing Montsioa's territory." In appear ance Joubsrt was a typical Boer, tall and barley, hie every movement indicating great physical strength, with a big bushy beard, and steely-grey eyes. Jmibertwaa of Frenoh extraction. He twice oontested an eleotion for the Presidency of the Transvaal against Krnger, but on both oooasions he was defeat ed. He was one of the few among the leaders of the burghers who realized that the war with England was a hopeless task. The Cycling Sports—The complete nominations for the events in connection with the Easter Cycling sports are published in to day's iesae. For the seven races 131 entries have been received, against 131 sect in last year. • The entries from Adelaide riders are not quite so numerous as usual, but the nomin nations from district contestants and cyclists from other parts show a gratifying inorease. With the talent who have entries for the various events some- good racing should be provided. Pbebbttebian Union.—At a meeting of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria on Tuesday it was reported that the scheme of union referred to the various Presbyteries by the Assembly at its annual meeting bat been adopted by twelve of thir teen Presbyteries; no report had been reoeived from the thirteenth. The report was adopted. Dr. Kentoul, who alone opposed it, moved an amendment for the omission of olanse 4, whioh provides that a minority of one-fifth leaving the federation would have the right to take property with it.: The amendment was lost by a large majority. Dkntistbt.—Mr. J. Shanasy, dentist, desires us to notify that he will be in Narracoorte on Thursday next, and may beoonsulted at the Commercial Hotel. 