THE COMER HOUSE, f COMTI.E TE IN THIS ISSUE. 1 by WSLLSAM E.E QUEUX, Author oi " Whoso Findoth a AYife," " Scribes and Pharisees," " Tho Hand oi Blank," " Thn Way of Temptation," Sinners Eutica Thee," fee. COPYKIOHR. mzrf OOll bi'.ciio- «1 I lii) ' loi's in Lon- I fJ I n & don nittur- | $k "Uy drift- from one sot i'Wsk1/ B'»SS toau- A\t u -/s <,t',cr by 'he if law of gravi- a, r, a. t i o ii. m " -rt' r/i AVlien a man <). '_??/- I j is single ho I "::1 i I finds it ad- o v ;l 11 '« Id'1 ?'Sy _/— . I t " ni o v e <SP><" f l(> 111 I) 11 1! e-ra;: JV'Sj lodging t» ' luinlhei-, for- I iv an tlnllljf iio escapes that i-npi'.cinusnwss Ij.t(I ot famili arity which is one of the most striking char acteristics of . the Cockney landlady. I speak from experience, fov X myself laid given up possession of countless liiloh-keys, anil hud run tho whole gamut, of lodgini:- house delights, when 1 at Inst found myself llin oeeur.aut of a very comfortable urnwing- Voom lloor at the. lower end of Cower .Street. Contented 1 certainly was. In the ten years during which 1 had digged it in l.on- ilon lodging's T had never lieen so satisfied, nor had any of my previous landladies shown use such marked attention. 1 had two fol- ViW-lotlgers, whom I seldom saw during tho lit-.sfc few weeks, for they wore journalists engaged upon <1110 of tho daily ncwspapcvs down in Fleet Street, and tlicreforu absent all night, while my own duties as clerk at the llolboru branch of the I.ondoii and 'North-Western Dank — close to Cower Street — compelled mo to leave the house at nine a.m., and not return until six. It was a kind of box and Cox arrangnuiimt, for while they occupied tho sitting room dining the dav, 1' had it all to myself in the evening. Their names were Diane and Ooyley, iho. former about thirty or so, a smart, rather dandified young mail, while tho latter was . nearly fifty, with a blotchy, niiliea'.tliy-look- ing face, a pail- of cold, steely eyes, liis lagged moustache ami closely-cropped hair prematurely gray. He had the nit- of a hard iiver, his breath generally bote trace of overnight indiscretions, and his general ap pearance had but little to roonmiiicnd him. \ct tlicv wcro merry fellows, both of them, and T often regretted that 1 saw so littln oi I hem Full of Itijy, spirits and droll stoics, tliev seemed to lead a merry, careless lnu among their brethren of the Press Club, and often talked much journulis- i ic argot, a boat. " flimsies" and ' scoops," terms utteriv unintelligible to lue. Diane's speciality was tho working up of mysterious crimes, and hence ho was on friendly terms with omte a, host of detectives and police officials ot various grades, while Cayley was engaged in reporting tho speeches in the Uallery of the House of Commons. Sometimes on Sundays one or other of their friends would look ill, when much whisky would be consumed and the air of our sitting room became so thick llmt one could scu across it only with diiiieulty. 'i'wn of these friends, men named Lawrence and Vie- kcrs, lived a short distance away at tuu largu corner house, one side of which faced into Holborn and was painted pale-green — a house easily recognisable by any curious reader. They wcro particularly good com pany, and wo spent some exceedingly plea sant evenings together. I had lived nt Mrs. Mackenzie's for about six months, and had become extremely inti mate with my two fellow-lodgers, when one day a very carious fact presented ilself. I rose at half-past four niiu morning in order to go to King's Cross and meet a friend who was arriving from Scotland, but as I an- pi sacked the front door to let myself out the door was opened with a latch-key. My fellow- lodgers generally returned from Fleet Street about four, I knew, but as I stood back in the deep shadow the nppearutiue of tho pair struck me speechless in unmzement. They were Drauc and Cayley, but both rv ore the uniform of policemen. Was it possible that these two men were not jour- nalists at nil, but only policemen 1 I laughed, congratulating myself that I hud discoyorod their tvuo position, for little did they suspect that I stood back in the wide old-fashioned, ball, watching them ascending the stairs in tho gray half-light. ' " Excellent I" T beard -Cnyiey say in a low whisper. "AA'o must sec old Isaacs in tho morning." " Better not," responded tho other. " Tho tip is to lio very low for u week, or even a month, if necessary." " Bah ! you're funky," Cayley laughed. "AVliv, my dear fellow, what is there to fear?" I " It would be a hit ugly if the truth came nut," Drnne said apprehensively. "Hut it never will, depend upon it — that is, if you keep ymtr mouth shut tight." Then tlioy ascended the second lligut of stairs leading to their rooms, and I could dis- tinguish nothing more. I met them both several times during the days which followed, but always hesitated to drop any hint (hat I had discovered tho secret; "that tlioy were actually police con stables. Tt pleased me to think how clever ly the pail- had disguised their real .'profes sion. mid. I wondered whether Mrs. Mac kenzie really knew the calling of her merry lodgers. Tho. words I had overheard, however, puzzled mo considerably. Tlio apprehensive attitude of Diane was mysterious, to say tho least, and it certainly seemed as though lie feared some fact becoming known. I entered the bedrooms ot both men (taring lhcir absence, but saw nothing of any por tion of their uniforms savo a pair of while notion glove.? which were lying upon Cay- ley's dressing table. That there was some curious mystery underlying nil this I felt absolutely certain, and my belief was strengthened by tho fact, that their nocturia! visits to their offices in Fleet Street suddenly ceased, and they remained at home always. One night when they had both gono to bed, leaving me writing some letters, 1 chanced to glance down at the blotting-pad, and saw .scribbled upon it two lines of numerals. By the arrangement of the figures and letters no second glancu was required to reveal to my accustomed eyes that tlioy were the numbers of two bank notes, 'i'lieru was nothing ex traordinary in the fact that anyone should make a note of the numbers, nevertheless curiosity prompted mo to copy them upon my shirt-cuff. To men of my calling the taking of numbers is almost un involuntary action. Cayley bad been writing upon the pad earlier "in "the evening, and as ilie ink was scarcely dry, this marginal note had evidently been made by him. Tho discovery that these men wore not what, tliey represented themselves to be was disquieting, and perhaps on that account I entertained a vague suspicion. Next day I went round to the bank, as usHfil — a- short walk of about a couplo of minutes — and during tho morning had oc casion to refer to the book wherein were registered the numbers of notes stolen and inn. negotiable. Tho numbers were clear upon my sliirt-euif as I wrote, and some thing prompted me to search fov that ar rangement of numerals ill the book. Judge my abject surprise when I found an entry giving one of the numbers among others as that of a £10 note that had- been stolen. Tho robbery was a most daring and formidable one, for, according to the brief details furnisliod by the police and recorded there, it appeared that about a couplo of mouths before a wealthy Australian ar rived in Loudon from Melbourne, and, on tho afternoon of landing, tnulc a cab to Coutt's, in tho Strand, and iust before the closing of the bank drew £0000 ill notes and gold in order to make a payment ill the City. Ho arrived at an oflice in Walbrouk, only to find the principal absent, lie, how ever, made an appoiulincn't for the following morning, and then drove uivay, but liail never been seen nor Ifbard of since. One note of £100 had been prcscntod and cashed by a bank in Whitby, whiie a second had been presented ill Salisbury, but, the num ber being noted, payment was refused. The man who presented it managed to get clear olf, thus plainly showing that lio was ono of tho accomplices. -> Tho police theory was that the unfortu nate Australian, a mail named Massev, had been robbed, murdered, and his body secret ly disposed of, as the remains of so many » ro dime away with in the groat metropolis. There is an old saying at Scotland Yard that any man's life can be taken for a sove reign in London. I lead the facts eagerly, then, noting the date, turned up a file of the " Times," which gave some few additional details. A de scription was given of the missiug gentle man, who appeared to be a mail of eoiisiiler- itbo influence and position in Mulbnurnu, and a reward of a thousand pounds was offered by a firm of solicitors for any iu- I formation which might, lead , to? his dis covery. , . C . , ' ; I I went carefully over the facts of tlio : mysterious disajipcranco several times, and tlicn copied for my own information the numbers of all tho missing uote's. They were all small ones, tons, twenties, fifties, and hundreds, and therefore tlio innro carp to negotiate. Stolen notes are usually put into circulation on the Continent, fov in Amster dam and Paris there are receivers who will buy all sorts of notes knowing thorn to lio the proceeds of vobborics. In my own mind I bad no doulit that the bulk of Mr. Mas- soy's money had already been ricgotintcd across the Channel. Cayley's possession of that noto was an enigma. I remembered that mysterious conversa tion 1 had overheard when they had returned to uio 110USU jll lUCli itniuu uuuiuiun# unci uu caret ul calculation added another suspicion to the already formidable array, for I found that the morning when I had gone forth eai'lv to King's Cross was just at the period when Mr. Massey so unaccountably disap peared. Ono Saturday evening, about a fortnight, afterwards, Lawrence, foppishly dresged, came in and invited all three of us along to tlio corner house for a smoke. Vickers, lie explained, hud caught a bad cold and feared to come out, therefore he usked us nil to go over and keep him company. My two coui- panious were untiling lotli, and 1 confess to being easily persuaded to join tlio party, for I had long wished to seo in what kind of "diggings" these two men lived. A girl of the usual loilging-liouso typo opened tho door, and having passed into the hall, guided by Lawrence wo ascended the stairs tu a. mini on the third llnor. I am slightly short-sighted, but as common with people who have defective vision I am pos sessed of a remarkably quick car. Therefore, as wo passed into tlio ill-lit hall, 1 detected by tlio sound that the house was scantily furnished. This surjirised me, for its ex terior denoted neatness and considerable prosperity. Before the. clean, well-curtained windows'of the ground-tlonr were boxes of scarlet geraniums, the steps were always scrupulously whilo with fresh hearthstone, anil tho lirass handle and knocker well polished. Once inside, kowevor, I noticed, even in that bad light, that tlio place was dirty and neglected, the stair-carpet was in holes, mid the small upstairs sitting- room was barely furnished. Vickers, who was sitting there with a dirty wkito mufilcr wrapped around his throat, rose and greeted us heartily, whisky and sudns were at once-produced, cigars lit, and very soon we became quito merry. After about an hour someone priipusod a game at imp at a halfpenny a point. 1 joinen, and with tile whn.e five of us flaying the fun soon crew fast and furious. Why had my two companior i so suddenly left tiin p< lice — if tliey were really police men? That puzzled me always. They might howevir, be detectives, and the number of that, note had perhaps been made by Cavluy in the ordinary course. Yet they possessed untiling in common with police officers. Their uir was far too irresponsible, too devil- may-care Whilo tve wove playing 1 saw A'iekcrs ex change a strange significant look with Cav ley, wild in order to hide a smile that played about his lips twisted his gray moustache and thoughtfully regarded his cards. I bad announced iny intention uf making three— a difficult feat when five are playing— and consequently my attention was centred upon the name Just us it becamo my turn to commence the second round I heard a strange nuise in the adjoining room as of a mail groaning. " What's that?" I asked, starling and glancing from one to the other. " Nothing, old fellow," Lawrence an swered "They say i-is place is haunted, but it's only the wind in the chimney." "Haunted?" I echoed, at once interested. "Has it that reputation?" " Certainly. The p.aee was to let for near ly ten years, because tho various occupants heard all kinds of weird noises, just as you'vo heard a moment ago. We, however, took it, and after a lot of investigation discovered tho leal cause. It's quite sim ple:" " What is if?" "Why, after being puzzled for months, v.e one day discovered that over the chimney in the next room is an old-fashioned ven tilator, which, when set revolving by the wind creates an awful creaking that sounds exactly like a man groaning." " There it is again I Surely that's not a ventilator?" I cried. " It's nothing else," he answered. "But it's frightened a good many tenants during the past fifty years. The owners are glad enough to let us the house cheaply because nobody elsg will take it. AVe haven't, of course, revealed to them tile simple explana tion of the Cower .Street Ghost." "But if it is really a creaking ventilator, why don't you oil it?" Ho glanced across at Lawrence, and I saw his brows contracted slightly. " Because " and he hesitated. Be- \- cause it isn't the ventilator itself thai creaks. The fixings in the brickwork of the chimney are loose, and they, of course, can't be oiled." . The noise was certainly a very human one. It was not at all surprising that it should havo caused previous occupants of the house to forsake it, and declare if haunted by the supernatural. Still, it surprised mo to know that these two easy-going bachelors were the only occupants of that largo house with its prosperous-looking exterior. I finished the baud and won. Again the curds were dealt, and again I sorted my hand with an inward feeling of satisfaction, for it was uu ituctmmmuly good unc. At that moment, huwever, a sudden anil excruciating pain shot up iny right arm, causing ilie to drop the cards upon the table. "Hulloa, Freeman 1" cried Viekera. "Why, what's- the limttei, old cliap?" "Matter!" I echoed in agony. "Why, there's something wrong with my hand and arm. The pain is frightful." All four limited at mo in surprise, while Lawrence exchanged a quick significant glance with Cayley. "What's wrong with your nrm— rheu matism V" tho latter inquired. "I don't know," 1 answered in alatin. "I've nover before experienced such a strange sensation. The pain is so ucutu that it seums to affect; my head." "Itttbbish, old chap I Havo a drink!" urged A'iekcrs, passing the whisky bottle. But in those lew minutes of my seizure — which, to mc. seemed a. kind of paralysis — my whole body .bad bccuniu affected. My bruin seemed in a whirl, my limbs seemed stiffening — I had a strange sinking feeling as though I were dying. That thought flashed through my mind, and I tried to bestir. myself. With u des perate struggle I rose while my companions remained seated at the table, but staggering, 1 Inst my balance and fell heavily to tho lloor. Curiously enough I did not entirely lose consciousness. I know that my limbs were rigid, that my body was chilly, that my heart becoming paralysed hud ceased its heating, and that my eyes wcro closed. But oven in the blackness of death that hud so suddenly fallen upon me sounds reached 1110 dulled and uncertain, as though my ears were filed with cotton wool. "flood I" I heard a man's voico exclaim in satisfaction. It sounded liko Cayley's, but of that I could not be certain. " " He knew too much, but lie won't trouble us any more, that's cortain," continued the voice. Thoso words froze my heart. I had, in my eager amateur attempt to probe tho mvstery surrounding these queer friends of mine, showed my hand, and allowed myself to become their Victim. They had lmmlored mc. , . , But how had that- effect been produced? I had neither smoked nor drunk anything there. It was impossible that they, could have drugged me. \ I felt eager fingers searching my pockets, ! and suddenly heard n voice exclaim : " Ah, wo .were not mistaken ! Hero it is I" AVimfc was it they hud found, I wondered. I tried to reflect, but could think' of nothing likely to bo of value to them. Mine was a perilous position, rigid, speechless and help less in the hands of these four men, who were evidently a most desperate gang; " IIivvo you examined him well i" inquired another voico, which this time, I recognised as Cayley's "Yes. All that his pockets contained is on the table," was the response. "Bettor destroy tlio lot," suggested Vic kers. " Thoy might remain as awkward evidence, l'ufc the whole lot into the tire." " And his clothes?" usked another voico. "" Wo can burn them later," answered Cay ley. " Lot's do the packing first." It was evident (hat these men believed me to bo dead. Sly only chance, therefore, lay in remaining quite inanimate. \ About me I heard strange whisperings and those cries of human agony which hnd sound ed now recurred to me. Suddenly I fc'.t hands about me, and I think I must have been lifted tip anil carried some little dis tance. Unfortunately, however, my con sciousness seemed to be gradually leaving me. Tho voices that 1 hnd heard so dis tinctly became curiously distorted, and my brain, for the first few moments quito clear, now grow clouded and incapable of any dis tinct thought. The agony I was suffering was excruciat ing. My limbs were cramped and twisted, the muscles were apparently ovov-straincd until thoy suppurtcd a tension terrible, and my heart having ceased Us pulsations was silent. I remember distinctly that a sense of my truo position became impressed upon me. I euuld nut move a single m. solo in mv wbolo body. The awful truth was apparent Although I still retained some faint con sciousness just- in tho manner that un eel moves after death, 1 was nevertheless actual ly dead. I had been murdered by these un scrupulous malefactors without any appar ent motive, savo that 1 had, quite hy ac cident, discovered those mystical numerals upon their blotting-paper. 1 was trying to reflect, striving to retain my coolness, when of a sudden I felt the mental strain ton great. My brain gave way, and its puwer slowly died out. The last lingering spark of life became extin guished j the void of death fell upon ilie. What time elapsed I had no idea. All I know is that daring the period which fol lowed, sonic ciu'iuns events must have oc- currcd. As ! s'ovrly struggled back to a knowledge of things about me, I became conscious of being cold, cramped and confined. ' My arms wcro pinioned at my side, mv kcuil uncomfortable, my logs bent, and my whole body chilly by reason of insufficient cloth- tag. My eyes, as I opened thcin, fell upon tho tow sloping ceiling of an attic, mid 1 saw by the gray light that dawn was snreuil- itig. I listened attentively, but no sound broke the quiet, save the faint jingle of a cab boll in I ho street far below. Suddenly I managed to turn my head aside, and then a fact became plain, a fact s» hideous that I started up with a shriek of horror. My outer garments had boon removed, and my body was peeked tightly in u circular tin which I at once recognised as ono of those big round cans used for the convey ance of milk by rail. With great difliculiy I managed to struggle out of iny cramped position, to frco my arms and" extricate myself from that narrow prison, upsetting it upon tlio floor, and as f did so I saw n second can close by. The lid wns closed. AA'ilh trembling hands I forced it open, and what T saw caused me to draw back aghast in horror. Within, was the body of a rcd- liairud man of miild'e age and slightly bald. Tho bond had been forced down, so that I could not see the features. I staggered back petrified by fear, and rushing to the dour, lied in speechless terror from that deatli-ekunibcr. Downstairs 1 dashed headlong, but at the foot of the first flight was a door securely looked. My egress from the place was thus cut off, therefore, after vainly trying to force the dour I searched eagerly for. other means of escape. My costume was an airy one, for the murderers had divested mo of greater part of my clothing preparatory to placing inn in tho milk-tin, but having reaseended the stairs I entered an attic adjoining that in which tho eoip.S" lonoseu, aiii there found a paii- of old flannel" trousers -and a fru.vxl jacket-, which 1 at once assumed. Not with out considerable trepidation I re-entered tho elpiuibcr of death, and stepping over the overturned tin which was to liavo been my collin, I gazed out of the window into tho deserted street below. Escape wns, I saw, impossible by tho window. Therefore I went out upim tho landing, and soon found' tlio tmndour which led to the roof. Curiously enough, it was upon, mid with out much difficulty I crept through it and out upon the smoke-blackcned leads. CIliiuc- iug around, I saw that tho roofs of. the neighbouring houses were Hat, and there fore I started to walk along the tops of the shops in Holbein, making my way in and out among the myriad chimneys which rose thick as forest trees. There wns a long, low parapet running tliu whole length of the block of buildings, and I was walking in tlio guttor behind it when suddenly my attention was attracted by sight of a horso and cart drawn up at tlio kerb belotv. It was a niilk-cnrt of the ordinary kind, and close, by it, standing in conversation with the driver, was a police man in his shiny cape. My ' first impulse was to shout down to tho officer anil tell liini of the dastardly attempt nindo upon my life, but as I stuod peering over tho parapet I suddenly dis cerned that bnth the cart and the officer wcro standing a couple of doors off the bank \/Iiero I was employed. I looked round, and to my surprise saw that within twenty yards of wliero 1 stood a small wooden trap door was open. That door wns in tlio roof of tho bank. Instantly my suspicions were aroused. Moving carefully I glanced down again, mid then knew by tho cui- ioub hitching move ment of the shoulders that tho policeman was nono other than Dranu. Tho gang were perhaps at that moment engaged in robbing the bank, and the curt was, in all probability, waiting to carry off tlio specie. This alarming truth Hashed upon me, and I stand in breath.ess hesita tion, wohdering what I. should do. If alarmed, they would undoubtedly shoot mc or (ling me over into the roadway, and after wards escape. . Yet I did not intend that those four murderers should get away scot- i'reo. Their plans, -whatever they baa been, hud been carried out with marvellous fore thought, for it wus now quite evident that tli<i)"liud token the corner house ivith the deliberate intention of making tin attack' upon tlio safes containing our coin. Draue, liltlo suspecting that I stood thore watching, was chatting calmly to the milk man, whom, in that half-light, I. recognised as Lawrence, whilo Vickers and Cayley wcro undoubtedly bqsy in the vault below the street wherein I knew wns stored, in addi tion to tho ' previous day's deposits nearly £30,000 in sovereigns, for I hnd assisted to placo some of the coin there when, on tho previous afternoon, it bad been received from the Bank of England. Excited ut this discovery, nnd puzzled, how to capture tho font- red- hnnded, I sud denly noticed that on the roof of tho ad joining house some painters had been at work, and had left their tools there, among thorn being a stout iron bar used in tlio sus pending of tlio " cradle" in which tuey worked. TUis I seized, and closing down tlio trapdoor noisolessly, liianngcd to placo cneli end of the bar behind some brickwork, and thus securely Fasten it down. I tried to pull it open, hut it resisted every effort. Then I chuckled to myself, knowing that at least I had prevented tlicir escapo by the way in which they had obtninod oiitrance. My noxt niovo was to. descend into the street and invoke tlio aid oLtke police. But how? After some reflection tho course I was compelled to adopt was to go from trap door to trapdoor of (lie houses in Gower Street until at last I found a loose one, nnd then, like a burglar, I luwcrcd myself and crppt noiselessly down the stairs, letting myself out by the front door. Thoso tverc, Indeed, exciting moments; for I had never plnyed the amateur burglar before, nnd knew not that ut any moment some ono might fnco mo with a revolver. Again, it scorned quite possible that the thieves might mukc off with tkoir booty before I could, reach them, for fully a quarter of an hour hnd elapsed sinco I had first made the discovery. Therefore, breathless in anxiety, I dashed along tho street making no noiso — for I had made my exit from the ini'k-tin with bare feet — turned in front gf tho mysterious corner bouse, and looked along Holborn. Noxt second my heart sank within me. Both policeman and cavt had disappeared. I rail along to flic door of tlio bank, but found it closed and firmly eeeuved. 'l'ho thieves hnd evidently made their coup successfully, and had got clear away. I stood there rooted to the spot. . If thoy hud endeavoured to return to the corner house by tho roof they no doubt hnd discovered tho trapdoor barred, and this would result in' their flight by .tlio front door into Holborn. Again, if tliey returned to their own abode, tlioy would discover that I, their victim, had disappeared. The position was far more difficult and exciting than4beforo. Tliey were evidently a gang who would hesitate at nothing in order to ninke good their escajie. I drew back in hesitation into the shadow of a shop doorway, and as I stood there the welcome sound of n heavy measured tread fell upon my ear. Then, as I peered forth, I saw it genuine constable approaching, try ing tlia doors of each shop. In order to avoid attracting attention if eithor of tho men were at tho windows of tho. bank or upon tlio roof, I waitod until ho camo to examine tho door whereat I stood. Ho started at finding mc secreted there, hut in a few quick words I explained that (hero wore thieves in the bank opposite and urged him to go nnd obtain assistance; What 1 told him placed him on liis mettle in an instant, and bidding me remain there he strolled off slowly in order to arouso no suspicion of those who might he watching. ' The minutes seemed hours. Of a sudden, however, i heard the rattle of wheels, and to my surprise saw the milk-cart draw up again, this time before the door of the cornor house. Lawrenco, after looking round to seo that he was unobserved, ascend ed the steps mid slipped in by aid of his latch-key. Why bud he entered, 1 won dered? So cleverly had' tlio robbery been planned ti lt he had driven his cart away in order to allow tho genuine policeman on the beat to pass before again approaching. From where I stood I could seo lyith the corner house and tlic (lnor of the bank, but, although I watched intently, not a . soul stirred. At length, however, my friend the eanstablo and three of liis companions turned a corner suddenly and Almost before 1 was aware of it halted before the big door of the bank. I dashed across and led the officer I had first spoken with nnd ono of liis companions to ilie corner house wliero the milk-curt was still standing. The man Lawrence had left tho door ajar, and we all throe crept into cue hall, whilo at the sume moment the other two policemen rang violently at the door bell of the bunk in an endeavour to arouse Wilson, the porter. Leaving one constable to guard the door, wo rushed upstairs, searching nil tlio rooms until wo gained tho attic wherein I had found myself. Tho corpse of the red- headed man was still there, packed in the milk- can, addressed to a farm in Gloucestershire, mid ready to be token downstairs and loaded oil to the cart. Beside it lay the big empty can from which I hail extricated myself Tho constables were aghast when they "made tlio gruosomo discovery, but I led them to the open trapdoor, and it then became plain that Lawrence, finding I bad escaped, had also decamped and got away over the roofs. Ho had, in all probability, alarmed tlio others, and while f had been belotv await ing tho arrival of the police, the whole four had slipped away over the roofs. We both ran along the lends until we reached the roof of tho bunk, when I saw to my satisfaction that tho iron bar still remained in the posi tion 1 had placed it. Below, tho ttvo offi cers wore thundering at the heavy door with its shining brass plates, hut could obtain no response. "If they're inside they'll certainly try and get away through here," I said. With this the constablo agreed, and, drawing away the bur, opened the door ; he was nbont to lower himself through it when suddenly Cayley's gray head appeared through tho opening. There was a wild oath, nnd tlio sudden flash ol a revolver fired right into tho eon- stable's face, hut the officer quick as thought drew his own weapon and sent a bullet through the thief's shoulder. At tho same instant I sprang upon my fellow-lodger and succeeded after a desperate struggo ill wrest ing the revolver from him, while the police man whipped out a, (lair of handcuffs; and together we made him prisoner. Those mo ments were full of excitement, for down in Holborn police whistles were sounding, and almost bofore we bad succeeded in handcuff ing the scoundrel three other constables and u sergeant had cmuc up to our assistance. Arickers was eventually cnught in the linnk, hiding in a cupboard beneath the stairs, and captured after a desperate struggle, whilo on going below to the vaults wo found that the sufe hud been opened with the manager's keys, and great quantities of gold had beon packed ready for removal. Thrco largo bagsful of coin were, indeed, found on tlio top floor closo to tho trapdoor, and ono wis discovered in the attic of the corner house, showing that tho transfer of tlio proceeds oi tho robbery was actually in progress when I had so providentially re gained consciousness. Cayley, who seemed possessed of demon strength, mudo a desperate effort to com mit suicido by throwing himself down to tho pavement below, bat we managed to pro- vent him. At tho Old Bailey, when the pair were tried for murder and robbery, many were the extraordinary facts revealed. Tho body found in tho milk-can was iden tified its that of the missing Mr. Massey, who, it appeared, hud been imprisoned in the liouso with a view to' obtaining a further sum of money in cxclinngo for his liberty, but who, uccording to Cayley, had died a natural death on the night when the das tardly attempt lmd been made upon mo, Tho two uien, who were recognised as mem bers of a most daring nnd desperate gang, lind kfiowu mo intimately, of course, and wore well nwaro Hint, having frcquont oc casions to go to the batik manager's resi dence round in Russell Square, 1 bad been given u latch-key so that I could enter with out disturbing the servants. Thoy had therefore eonceived the idea of making away with me because I bad discovered the secret of the stolon -notes, obtaining possession of this key, entering the manager's bouse, aud stealing tho keys of the strong-room and .safes.; All this thy. acconuoliched without a hitch. Analysis of the cards with which, wo had: played- in that barely- furnished sit ting room established tho fact rant the hand finally dealt to mo were cards prepared with a very strong and subtlo- poison, which, en tering the flesh hy a pin-scratch which chanced to bo upon tbo index finger of mv right hand, had produced paralvsls, sud den coilupse, and a stnto so closely re sembling death that they themselves had been deceived. Two of tho greatest toxlcologists deolarcd, in their evidence, that tho manner in which thoso cards hnd been prepared showed the guiig to be past nuistors in tho art of secret assassination, and without doubt many uu- fortunate persons bad been entrapped and fallen victims in that corner bouso. Be lieving mo to. bo dead, they hnd paoked me in the milk-can, and no doubt it was in tended to consign both my own body and that of the poor Australian to the address of some accomplice in Gloucestershire by whom other bodies had undoubtedly been buried secretly at some remote spot. Tho elaborate forethought and Ingenuity with wliioh tho wholo thing liad been planned was little short of marvellous, and it was only tlio unfortunate failure of tho medical evidence to establish tlio fact t-hat Mr. Massey's doiith had been accomplished by foul means that prevented a verdict of " wilful murder" ngniust them both. . Drone, tbo bogus policeman, was arrested ta police uniform a month' later whilo watching out side a hottso at Barnes where Lawrenco was in tho act of committing a burglury, and all four were sentenced, at tho same sessions -of tho Central Criminal Court to penal servitude for life. As for myself, a substantial reward was voted to mo by the hank directors, ond I received rapid promotion, but now each day as I pass along Holborn on my way to business, vivid memories, always come lmok to mo of my startling night's adventure and my ' narrow escape from a horrible ; death in that green-painted Corner House. 