Curing a ~leptomanIac. Three years agoit was, and yet I cant see myself standing-at the lodge-gate of the pig house, that lovely evening' in July, and that cab come rattling up the quiet road. It stopped; out jumped a real gentleman, looking white and worried. ' This Parkhurst the bankers ;,:" ?' he says, quick like. ' Oh, I didn't ?ansttt bee Mr W'arling. I've called about an advertisement for a nurse child or an invalid-Box So and-so ' The Surrey Herald'; and the news paper people referred me to a John Biabbick, at the lodge here. Oh, it's t you, is 51 ?' Just who it was, and perhaps I half 1 gasped. So M(C!!e, my nsssls, had g6ne and stuck that advertisement in after'all, thouigh I'd said ' No' all along. D'ye see ? Our own adopted kiddie had taken and died just as we'd got to love it so, and Mollie-she doted on work, and wanted to make a little extra money besides. SWell,' I says, cautious,' I dunno, sir ! You see, things here are all topsy just now, and likely to be. The fever's run wild all over the place, and Mr W\arling's carted the. tamily .down to Jersey in a fright and scurry. Only two o' the servants would stay behind, and it's come to this-he's sending his orders to my missis, and she's 'seeing to the house till something can he arranged. Still, I dunno- I wouldn't nsay-is it a baby, or anything o' that ?' SBless me, no I Babbick, 16bk here," he says, husky, but that nice. ' We're in sad trouble over a young lady-I can't give you names yet.' Tl.e moment we saw your:advettisement, it seemed like a godsend. So quiet and pleasant here-- the.ideal place for a curel Toe truth is Babbick'-he whispers it, starting round-' she's a 'confirmed kleptomaniac !' l.or', you don't say it I' I gasps, my blood all prickly-I couldn't properly tell 'shy, I'd never heard the word that .I knew ; but that ' maniac' bit-well, in my mind's eye I could see her comm' at me with goggle eyes, hands a-claw, and that nasty - Ha ha ' as tlt y mostly take to. ' No, I don't think we could manage anything o' that sort here,' I says. ' Easily I Why not ?' he says, nigh pleading. ' Try her, anyway. Eats next to nothing, and could help with the hght work. No one need know anything ; here, right away from the shops and temptations, she would soon master the wetched impulses. You see our position, Babbick I There's only this, I ought to tell you ;she is apt to wander a little in her sleep, with the same lamertable motive ; but you could be on your guard and tell her of it next day. There, try her for a mor h ; and we're perfectly willing to pay you £2 a week.' SEh ?' Two shining quids a week ! I'd have bossed a madhouse full of 'cnm for that much. ' Here, you take a seat anrd wait a bit, sir,' I says, all hot; and off I scurried to the house to find the missis. Five minutes later me and Mollie was tearing back like mad. W'ell, there, inside half an hour we'd settled it all. We'd manage her I We could let out that she was a young relation party from town ; and it seemed something marvellous that the House family might keep :away till autumn, and no visitors coming near the place. Fever ? She'd had that twice, he said -and another touch, come to that, might put her brain 'right. He was fair beside hisself with hopes ; and, what was better, planked down for a solid week in advance. Miss Carrie, the young lady, was perfectly willing so long as no one preached at her, and he'd bring her down: next evening. ' You're done it now," I says to Mollie. ' If anything goes wrong, don't lay it on me. Now,' I says, carefully fetching down our old Webs. ter, ' we'll just make sure o' the mean ing o' that there word at once. Er why, what was it ? Maniac-maniac d'ye mean to say you've heen and forgot it ?' Blowed if she hadn't. There we stood like fools, till all ot a sudden Mlollie smacks her hands tagether. Er-er--cryptomaniac I' ' O course I now, then, before it slips you again. Crypto-crypto-ah, here we are I Now, that's rummy I . Oh, lor' I Why, of course, can't you see ?' I gasps, next minute. \- 'It's about tombs and vaults and things I plain as your. nose-she --goes tooting about among tombs and such, in her sleep as well I You've done it I' 'Rubbidge l'says she, with a mouth like a coal scuttle, all the same. ' She'll soon get sick of that.' 'You don't know,' I says. ' Them cryptomaniacs are a queer lot. You heard what he said. Well, you'll have to put her in our bedroom, and we'll sleep down here I and all you've got to do, if ever you think you hear anything, is to get up and go after her, and see she don't take any harm.' That was all. Somehow, I kept dreaming about them tombs and things all the blessed night; and next day, you might say, we went about in a sort of shivry shake-right up to the minute when, just after dark, the cab came along again, and he was handing down the young party herself. It was a fair reliet- as ni-e and natty a young lady as you could wish-only a bit pale. I tairly lihed her on the spot. Such a sweet, pretty place; she said she was sure the change would do her a world of good. She clung to the ger.ntleman a bit-her uncle, or some thing we reckoned-and begged him to come and see her coon. 'Ay, and welcome I' I says. He slipped a shil ling into my hand-and there it was, all over as simple as clockwork. SWell, if that's a piptymaniac,' MIol lie was whispering to me., I'd like halfa-dozen of 'em all the year round I She'd been and forgotten the word again-just like a woman. Well, we both went to bed that night in our clothes, for a lead off; and we didn't get over much sleep for listening, its true. But nothing hap pened at all, and the bit of tape we tied alongthestairs hadn't been touched since morning. mues comes the youn. party to breakfast, as nice as could be -only she wouldn't say too mtlch about herselt. Then up walked the postman with a letter from Mr Waring. IHe was at his wit's end, so it said. He shouldn't come near yet, for fear of the children, but he was sendmng a housekeeper and twc new sersants down, and they'd arrive as soon as the house could be fumigated-or some thing of that. In the meanwhile we were to shut up the lodge and go and stay in the house with the other two servants, in case of fireor anything?. Slere was a go ! There was nothing for it but to show her the letter and ask'if she'd mind. Mind I Not a bit; she could help with the dusting and what not-it would be a novelty for her all round. She was nice I So up to the house we carted her two boxes, and arranged for her to sleep in the house. keepers room with Mollie, while-I had n,,next. The other servants tok' her for a niece, and everything was as right as ninepcnce. Lor' it was the.calm before a pretty storm, it was. We hadn't got our £a a week for nothing ;everythrig seemed nice and smooth, but there was a ts't sticking out s-'mewhere-hnd scon we knew it. It was Gft the third night-yes, about two in the morning. Fast as. leep and dreaming away, I was, when I fcit someone bustling ate to rights. Upl I sprang and there was Mollie's face that white, and her candle bobbing like an)thing. ' Get up, John, quick I' she whis pered. ' Get up, I tell you ; she's gone after the tombstones or some thing-; I cculn't go- after her for worlds. Oh, dear II happened to rouse, and she wasn't there. Her clothes are gone, too.. Whatever you do, don't (tfighten the girl I Quick. I I'd slipped on my clothes in a dream like, and was out. I crept along the passage and listened hard. Never a sound an)where. Halt way down the stairs there I got- and then my knees started knocking, as I heard a faint clinking noise somewhere below there. •supposing she'd gone groping down in the :ellars, taking them for mute vaults, and I wis to younce on her of a sudden -mightn't she think I was a body come to life ? Then at last I skipped back smart, as I see a 'candle light away down the drawing room corridor. It was her, quite dressed, but ghostly for all that, coming along with a pit, patter, pit I Now she'd turned into a side passage. I heard a key clickit,g-and then 1 remember 1 d stowed her boxes just there, ready in case Mr Waring dropped in, and I had to shift 'em quick. Another tomb ? Well, there, there wasn't a quiet nerve in me, when presently I sees her step into the hall, with something tucked under her arm, and slip back the blessed bolts of the big door. Yes, she blew out the candle leit the door ajar, and out she went. ' liss Carrie, there's no tombs out there,' was in my throat ; only, to tell the truth, I didn't care for her face to turn round at me with that fit on her. I slipi.ed out too-why, wasn't it all dumped in with the ,Ca a week I Yes, there she was, scurrying down towards the lodge. But, that was nothing to the feeling that run down my spine when, as she got to the gates, I heard her start talking in a queer voice. All my hair seemed to crinkle up ; tomb hunting wasn't sufficient-she must go whispering to spirits, at that time of night I And now-now she'd satisfied her poor, rummy brain and was hurry. ing back-without her bundle, though I never thought of that till afterwards. I was crouched back between the trees till she'd gone past. After her 1 went; in no time she'd got to the H ouse door again,tand I was just getting 1 my nerve to call and tell her she real'y must not do it, when-well, there, a feather could have toppled me over. For the door clicked ; she'd gone in \- and left me outside there, and, as Mollie never had the sense to guess and let me in, there I'd got to stick till dawn. Tell you, when morning did come, I'd begun to think that anxious gent knew just what he was about when he run the figure up so high, and was that savage-especially when I found that Mollie 'had locked herself in my roort and let the girl slip back to bed without so much as a word of warning. When she came down to breakfast she looked that pale and . heavy eyed, I couldn't get it out anyhow. Well, two more days went by. I'd got partly desperate, but somehow or other I'd lost the gift of sleeping pro. perly ; and that's why it was, on the thisd night, it came to my turn to wake Mollie-who would't sleep in the other room after the scare. ' Here,' I whispers, ' she's at it again, I do believe I Look ind see; I've had about enough of -this tomb business. What, she's fast asleep, when 1 heard a door creak down there, plain as pos sible I' - In a jiffy I was dressed and tip toeing down them stairs. All serene in the hall ; all nice and quiet in the drawing room corridor. Still, I knew my own ears. I crept along a bit, and looked down that left-hand passage; and blowed if there wasn't a flicker of light Icoming from a doorway at the end there. That room-why, that would i he Mr Waring's private affair-his i study-that he'd left locked I All in a quiver, with the queerest noises buzzing I in my head, I edged along the thick I carpet, a shout ready in my throat, and peered in . : Am 1 ever going to forget it ? It wasn't the girl, or a ghost ; it was a man. A man on his knees, withia lanternpnd a pile of papers beside' hint; and his head stuck into a big bureau affair that he'd forced open. We'd got a burglar I Got him ? It was so. I'll never know what made me do it, but I was that mad and frightened together. I took: one jump right across, jerked him up," and sent him bashing against the wall like a ninepin. Once nerved to it-' Nbw com'e oti, me beauty I' I whispers; but hie never moved. His head was the softest, and he lay clean stunned. A cap was pulled down over his eyes. I shoved it back with my loot-but one look, I took-and it sent me staggering back in a pour of sweat. Next minute I was out at the hall door-never stopping to' ask why I found it ajar, and flying down the avenue at something hike a speed. A policeman !-and one of the town mnspectors lived at a cottage just down road. One big thud I gave at hisdoor -one shout as he chucked up his window. Quite enough; in no time he was out, and we were panting back up the drive. There, I'll swear it wasn't nine minutes from when I dented the wall with that man's head to when we sprang in together, me and the ins;ector man ; and--our bird was gone. Gone ! ' You've boggled it now I' says the inspector. ' Quick, what was ihe like ?' ' Like ?' I chokes. ' Why, it was him-the very man as brought that girl to us, and was paying us £a a week for her keep I Just look i' ' Oh, what's the matter? Miss Carrie -where is she ? There stood Mellie, wringing her hands in the doorway. ±John I I heard- her run out, but I dared'n't stir a limb. You don't say : Run cui !'. gasps. ' There, she's "one tco--the girl, the, cryptomani'c !' Yes, it was all coming on me with a sweet rush 'now. 'See it? She's let him in the house." It's a plot-she's no cryptomaniac I Why that bundle didn't I see her smuggle-.t out of. the house and-her boxes 1' Out we rushed. The boxes were there; in a trice I'd got oneeopen, and -well, 'll take my oath there was q hundred solid pounds' worth of trinkets and )nick:kta.ks from different rooms paciked into il.. ' Look- look at that I You've done it i You've done a-fine thing, taking that girI off his hahnd; ybu hase I You'll take another cr)ptomaniac in to cure, you will ! You'll put more advertise ments in without my knowing I' ' E--what ?' ias the inspector miah, flabbergasted. 'You-you don't mean kleptomaniac ?' W\e stared. 'That's it I' we both blubbed out. And, one aga it the other, in five minutes we'd told him about all'ofit ; aId the iway that hian could stand and !augh, at a minute like that. ' You've cured her I' he says. ' But that ain't it, he's got away with some valuables here, I'll lay my life.: A man and a girl--'ll have 'cm inside twenty four hours-l' And he did. And nice and warm we felt when we stand in the police court beside Mir Waring, and it all came out : how a gang of swell thieves, they'd got to hear just how th:ngs stood at the House, and taken advantage of Mollie's advertisement ao run through it and pack up all the valuables at their case. Really -clever, the beak said. They got two years apiece, and Mr Waring-but never mind the rest. I reckon we cured that disease oft hers -and, by gum, it was worth the money I-lit Bits. 