ROSEBERY ON NAPOLEON. LONDON, November 2. LOUD llOSEBEKY ON NAi'OblvJN. The study of Napoleon, which hits oecu ' pied the attention of Lord liosebery iu terjiul'leBtly since iiis boyliooJ, was puolish ed this week. The author gives a reason | for the work: - i Why collate these morbid, sordid, insincere chronicles?. Does not history tell us that there is nothing so melancholy as the aspect of great men in retirement-from jSebuehadiuzzar in l;is meadow to Napoleon on liis rock? The first answer to this question is incidental and personal. To the pre sent writer Lord Ueaconslieid once explained Why lie wrote ''Count Alascos"- a drama nearly, i£ not quite, forgotten. Jt ivas produced, he said, not in the hope of composing a great tragedy, but of laying a literary ghost. Tne story uaunted him, and would, he felt, haunt him until he should have put it into shape. And eo it is with this little book. It cannot help embodying a tragedy, but it was written to lay a literary ghost, dormant for years, only quickened into activity by Gourgaud's Jail journals, and by stimulating leisure. Secondly, it is un episode upon which history has yet to record her final judgment. Lord liosebery calls his subject "a great human problem which must for ever remain a never-ending fasciuaaoii; for mankind will always delight to scrutinize something that indefinitely raises its conception of its own powers and possibilities." On his ex traordinary personal magnetisnj the author writes:-"Maidand caused enquiries to b.; made, after .Napoleon had left the Uelle roplion, as to the feelings of the crew, and received as the result:-'Well, they uiay abuse that man as much as they please; but if the people of England knew him as well as we do they would not touch a hair o? bis head.' . . . 'Damn the fellow,' said Lord Keith, after seeing him, 'if he had obtained an interview with liis itoyal Highness (the Prince Kegentj in half an hour they woa'il have been the best frtoids in Engiand.' ' Napoleon has been described as harsh, vio lent, and passionate; but this book shows the insanely jealous anectiuii of Uourgaud, a young officer who had served under this prodigy, and who was in close communion with him on St. Helena. Thi s hero worship per entered all his thoughts "i a diary, and from this source we have uic best jKU'trait of Napoleon's private ckaraeterMhat is ex istent. Gourgaud unconsciously depicts himself as petu lant, sulky, and captious to the last degree, while we see Napoleon gentle, patient, good-tempered, trying to soothe his touchy and morbid attendant, with something like the tenderness of a parent for a wayward child. Once, indeed, he calls Gourgaud a child. Gourgaud is furious. "Me a child! i shall soon be thirty-four. X have eighteen years of ser vice; I have been in thirteen campaigns; I hare received three wounds! And then to be treated like this. Calling me a child is calling me a fool." All tliis be pours forth on the Emperor in an an gry torrent. The Napoleon of our ijrjconcepti'.ns would have ordered a subordinate who tailed to him like this out of the room before he had finish ed a sentence. What does this Napoleon do? Let us hear Gourgaud himself. "In short, I am very angry. The Kmperor seeks to calm me; 1 remain silent; we pass to the drawing 100m. His Majesty wishes to play chess, but places the pieces all awry. He speaks to me gently-'1 l;n>w you have Commanded troops and batteries, but you are, af ter all, very young.' I only reply by a gloomy silence." The Insulting charge of youth ia more than Gourgaud can bear. This is our Gourgaud as we come to know him. But is tbis the Napoleon that tve have learned? Not menacing or crushing his sullen and rebellious equeiry, but trying to soothe, to assuage, to persuade. . . , Gourgaud speaks of his "chagrin." The Kmperor turns upon him with pathetic truth-'"l'ou speak of sorrow, you! And I! What sorrows have 1 not had? What things to reproach myself with! You at any rate have nothing to regret. Do you suppose that when I wake at night I have not had bad moments when I think of what I was, and what I am?" The effect of Lord RosebeiVs request is to throw a different light on tne pet so . ality of the mail whom so many regard as a monster. The British treatment of the captive is strongly censured by his latest biographer, who is particularly severe on Admiral Cockburn and Sir Hudson Lowe, Napoleon's gaoler, to whom the ex-Emperor declined to have anything to say. ' The gutter press of Paris was alive in Napoleon's time. In writing of a plague of rats which infested the great man s house the biogra pher says:-"The children had to be pro- : tectod from them at night. Trifling, and i indeed diverting, as tliis pest seemed to the | distant Bathurst, it must have been an odi ( ous addition to the petty miseries ot L-ug wood. Nor wa» Bathurst alone in his mer riment. Among the squaiid caricatures with which the French press attempted to besmirch the memory of their fallen Sove reign, there are several uevoted to this topic. Napoleon received by the population of St. Helena-the rats; Napoleon granting a constitution to the rats; Napoleon sleep . ing at peace because guarae.i by a cat ueu I try; and so forth. One need not^i ate on j these pleasantries." While Napoleon sc*.li ed at British diplomacy, he thought a good deal of British valour and steadfastness. "And then he proceeds:-"Had I aa English army I should liave conquered the universe, for I could have gone all over th? walla without demoralizing my troops. Had I been in 1815 the choice of the English as I was of the French, I might have lost the battle of Waterloo without losing a vote in the Legislature or a soldier from my ranks. I should have won the game.' Has there been, considering the speaker and the c r cumstances, more signal praise of our na tional character?" Napoletki regretted that he did not die in some grand moment of hi6 career. He also expressed the opin ion that he made a mistake in leaving Egypt, lor tliat was the key to India. "He would have construct ed two canals-o-ne from the Bed Sea to the Nile at Cairo, the other from the Red Sea to the Mediterranean. He would have extended the dominion of Egypt to the south, and would have enlisted the blacks of Sennaar and D&rfur;, With sixty or sevwrety thousand of these, and thirty thou sand picked French men, he would have marched in throe columns on the Euph rates, and, after making a long halt there, would have proceeded 'to conquer India. On arriving in India, he would have allied Siin.self with tJie JVlahrattas, and had hopes apparently of 6educing the Sepoy troops." As a ruler, he almost attained the ideal: "He was firm, sagacious,' fairseeing, ener getic, jnat. He was, moreover, w*hat is not of less importance, ready and anxious to learn. _ He was, indeed, conscious o£ ex treme ignorance on the oivil side of his ad niinistra'tkm. But he was never ashamed to arsk bhe meaning of the nimplest word pi' the most elementary procedure; and lie ne ver asked twice. He thus acquired and assimilated all necessary information with extraordinary rapidity. But wthen he had learned all ibhat his councillors oould teach him, he realized liis immeasurable supe riority to all men with whom he had l>een brought into contact. He arrived at the conclusion, probably a just one, that his genius was as unfailing and supreme in tlie art of statesmanship as in the art of war, and that he wis as much, the first ruler as the lirst captain of the wwld." 