Seventy Times Seven. .pOiuiiiiED »y arxoixn xBBxsoEjuati. I By ADELINE SERGEANT, An'hor of '"'The Story of a Ponitent Soul," " Jaeobi'a Wife," "Roger Vnnhrongh's Wife," '-The Great Mill Street Myrtery." "A Life Sentence," "Dr. Endicott's Experiment," "A Rogue's Daughter," '/Tho Luck of the House," "CaaperBrooke'sDuughter," "No Ambition," &o.;, &o.; oerYiuonT.J ' . " CHAPTER XXXVII.— (ffiii'tnW). Ho drew back a slop or two, and ' matched her with puzzled, reproachful eyes as she spoke. ' " You nro weak — vnu arc selfish, she went on, but with a ring of pain and pas sion ir her tones thut showed her to be far less indifferent than she strove to ap pear. "You care for nothing but your own pleasure ; you care for nothing e.se. You have never onco sacrificed your own impulses, your own instincts, for what was right. As' long as it was pleasant to yon to think you loved me, you were gentle and loving; when you tired of me, "you found consolation elsewhere. You can do verv well without tne ; you have made mo' see that. Don't say you lovo me; I cunnot believe you now." "It I am so contemptible in your eyes, he said s owiy, " perhaps it is bettor that we should part." He dropped into a chair, and covered his Iaco witli his hands. She watched him, and her bosom began to heave, her lips to outver. Sho had rc.ieved herself now of tiie bitterness of her heart, and something perilously soft stirred within her — some thing very tike the pity thut is said to be akin to lovo. But "she stee'.ed herself ;i"ainst relenting, and when he looked up aoain with a tremulous sigh, her lips were as ca.nt as though thoy had been curved in stone. Her culniniss drove him to de- enair. , , "I must go," he said, starting up sud denly. " I can't bfar this uny longer." He looked at her stcadfustiy ; conscious ihut he had no more power to alter her resolution than to soften a piece of granite. Tho soft outlines of her iace, the lender grace of her pasture, were in striking con- trust to the., cold expression' of her face, tho fixity of/her averted eyes. Cecil felt a -wild desire to arouse her, to bring some colour and warmth into that cold, de.icate face. Ho seized her listless hand, and drew her suddenlv into his embrace. " Le- nure," he said, " " you know— you know that I lovo you I" Sho was passive; she neither returned nor shrank from the clasp of his arms, bat be felt tbat she was tremb.ing front head to foot. For one moment her head rested on his shoulder; for one moment he could not but think that she loved hint after ail. . , , The door hnnd'o rattled ; the door opened slowly. Lcnore sprung away front her husband like a guilty creature, covered with hot blushes ; Cecil couid have cursed Iho intruder in his heart. It was nurse carrying Cissy in her night gown to receive a gouil night kiss. Lenote took the child in her arms and kept the nurse in the room. Cecil, stuyed on til he was tired, but she said not another word to him that ail the household might not hear. CHAPTER XXXVIII. Fokciveness. ltl ECIL wont back ff 1 io Scarsfed next B ' day, hut it was B not possible for J | him to- remain "/// 1 there contentedly. R In a few days he j\ yV \ / was back again, -i? and, although Le- nors's demeanour /j' oT' ' was stilt un- yj 'j| I changed, he made mi up his mind that f\ he cou'.d not leave her yet ; fy would stay in Bournemouth . YJ-, until Cissy was stronger, and C-- if his wife were imp'acable he would then make some definite arrange- . aunt for her to remain away from him. It was hardly possible, however, fcr him to stay in Bournemouth without discover ing tha fact of Ruby's presence. Lenore had never met her, because she went out ! so ittle, and because her rooms were in a different part of the town from that which Magdalen had chosen ; but Cecil's only oc- cup.uion was to take long walks, and in the course of one of these wa ks he came one day full upon Miss Lingard and Miss Ruby Roslyn. Ho had never been more startle ; in' his life. She was dressed in b.'ack; bet face was tbin and wi-..o, her eyes were haggard and hol.ow. She was a wreck of her foimer self. To Cecil she looked like one newly risen from the dead Invo iintarily he half stepped; his lips parted as if to speak; bat she passed bin. rapidly, si'ently, like a ghost. It had not needed the touch of Magda'en's hand to impel her forward; she had not. wanted to pause. The s:yht of Cecil Brcndon now H.icd her w!lh remorse and shame. Ho felt thut ho wus not surprised whet- in heard that evening that bliss Lingar-' was inquiring for h.m at ht3 hotel. I ' wou d ho easy to find oat from the locn newspaper where he was staying, and Ceci fancied that he knew her errand. Pro ' bt-b y she bad come to ask him to leuv- .Ui.iirnemnuth — on Ruby's account. He s.' (his teeth, and said to himself doggedly that lie could not do it. Nothing would induce him to loav.o .. Lahore;- His wife's lodgings were close to tho hotel at which ho , was staying, and' surety his duty was to remain pt her side. ' Ho would not go. Ho was standing in the middle of his little private sitting-room when Miss Lin gard came in, and sue 'was instantly struck . tho took of trouble upoit h.s luce. He bowed (is sho entered, und gave her a chait ; his manner was very different trout what it had been in the old days when she had cal.cd upon Mrs,. Brandon and thought him so cotdly supercilious. The broouing cure upon his brow left no room fur aff'jetaiiun or su:f-consuiousnegs. Its very gravity gave Magdalen hope. , "I havo cotne on a strange errand," site said, without prcamb.e of any kind. "There is one who has wronged you nnd wisnes to nsk your forgiveness." . "I have nothing to lorgivo," said Cecil in surprise. " On, uo not say so. Do not mistake me," responded Magdalen ; "listen To my stoty bciura yon spcutt again. Betore your marriage you were in, were you not? You were' attacked upon the Qaay and neany murdered. It was genera .,y thought tiiut a iruntp. hud attacked you: but .litis was not the base. 1 havo come to led yutt who it was." " It is needless, Miss Lingard," said Cecil simply. "1 have known this story tut aiutig." . " renown ?" " Yea. Shall I give you the name of my assailant? it was James. L.ovd." " Why hare you kept sitenuu, then?" Ccet. paused tor a n,unient, looking down. "1 suppose that you know the circum stances," he stud at lust. "I had no very- good motive tor holding my tongue, 1 tear; I merely wanted tu keep the story quiet, knowing that it would te.l ugamst me as wel. its against poor Lloyd. 1 did not think of inui very much : I- am sorry for hint now'." . " Titett, Mr. Brandon, you will ho the more ready to listen to my p.ca tor hint"' "You need not plead lor h.m," sn:d Lccn almost rouah.y\ " i can guess his story, lie wus in the right." " I cannot think that," said Magda'.cti, whose eyes D.lcd with tears of sympathy, as she began to perceive the burucn that lie was carrying ; " b.,c 1 can see thut lie wns a most tnaa with grief null pain, and 1 know that he has SadTrcd buur.y lor his violence. But for God's mercy he in,ght hare been a murderer. i\tr. Bran don, ho wishes to p. ace himself in your hands. If you de'snc to pumsh hint, lie says that ha will subm.t tu anything that you may devise or desire. He is :n tilts town, and earnestly entreats you to believe that he sincereiy rep.nts of ins murderous tniuck upun .yo.tr .he." "In ibis town!" suit! Cecil wonderingly. "What is he doing here:" A thought of- Ruby had crossed his mind. " lio has lived here lor tho last tw#o years. He gets li.s Jiving by making bas kets. He is b.ind." " Poor fcl.ow 5" "Can you lorgivo him, Mr. Brandon!" Cecil looked up. " I am wc.incd to ask him to forgivo me," he said, with a lit tie smi e that touched Magiaien more than it conftssion of utter misery could have done — it was so very hopjiess ; " for his action sprang from genuine love to her, aud I hud proved myself — the cur .ihat you know- mj to be." Then he turned sharply away from her, and stood looking into the fire. "Nay," said Magdalen, 'in the lew, tran quil tones that Max "always found so sweet; "all that 1 know yon to be is a generous-hearted man, who has made errors and repented of thim, and who will be stronger and braver all his life because of his repentance." Still he did not look round, and, fearing lost she should- have said too much, she added, " Will you see James Llovdfor yourself, and assure him of your forgiveness? It wou.d be an un- sp.akable comfort to him " " If ho wishes it, I will," said Cecil, turning round ; " but it seems absurd . for anyone to ask my forgiveness. I feel as if 1 ought to npolugiso tor Jiving." The tone was sadly humorous, and Mag dalen read a mournful stniv in the sound of the last few words. She thought it best to kdp to her point. " He is here — downstairs: I brought hint with me. He is waiting in another room. vVill you go to him?" . — Ceci. assented, and she told -him where to find his visitor, but she would not ac company hitji to tho room. - The meeting wouid be painful on both sides, and it \as better that.it should. puss unwitnessed. In a few minutes, Cecil ctime back to iter wi:h a greatly m ived and softened .-xpression upon his fue'e. "Thank you, Miss Lingard," he said. ,'I am very 'jlad that you brought him; ind I am" sorry — deep y sorry— that he thould have suffered as lie hits done. Do vua think there is anything that I couid io for htm now,?" ."I think not. He earns his own live lihood with fair ease. If he were in want, I believe that he -would let me know — now." "I shou'd be only too g'ad if be would lnnk on me as a l'rtcnd, ready to help him whenever he requires he.p " " " 1'liitnk you, Mr. Brandon. I thank you in his name. And now 1 mast go." "Let me see you home." " No, thunk you : James Lloyd is my escort. A. though be is b.ind, he knows lus way perfectly. I would rather not take you out." " Te.i me one thing," said Cecil, not daring to lift his eyes to her face, " how is There was a perceptible pause before Magia.en replied. " You mean Miss Rosiyn?" " Yes. 1 saw her iu the street with you. I ilia not know that she wus here." " -Site has been very ill. She is very weak : sho has had brain fever, and doe's not gain strength as she ought to do. Mr. jjrsndon, it is a hard thing, perhaps, to ask of you, but if any other p.uce wou.d suit you as well "What can I do!" said Cecil, turning away. "My litt.c girl is i.l : my wife is with her, and is not likely to teave tae town. 1 have no influence with her now. If I asked her to go sho won. a not attend to : mo — it w ould be a reason for her to stay." ' . Jue had never said as much to uny other living soul; but Magna. en had a wonderful power of winning confidence. She mur mured. a few woi-js of sorrow and surprise. "It is what 1 deserve, perhaps, ior my fol y and scfishntss," said Ceci.. "But in one thiiig sho is mistaken. I loved her nil the tune. There never was a moment when I did not .rove her — though she will not believe it now." The words sent Magdalen home in a thoughtful mood. She hud never before realised how much harm had been ' done by Ruby's want; of sdi'-control and Cecil's weakness'; she saw now that sorrow and disunion had arisen which she had never contemplated, and that hnsbitnd and wife, loving each other tendcr.y, were yet on the vorgo of a broach winch might nevcr j in this .ifc be repaired. Sho took an opportunity of gently tolling ! Ruby something of what had happened ! Surely, she thought, it was right that the : gin. shou.d know the m.sery that had been j caused by her mad escapade. But Ruby I turned her face away and said nothing. It scorned as it Ceci 's presence in Bournemouth was after all of no import- j anee lo poor Ruby. She had taken cold in one ot the chitiy day's of eany spring, j and was entire v confined to the house. James Lloyd came to see her dui.y, and ! his visits constituted her only interest in : life. He sat. beside her couch and wove his baskets ; sometimes U:c two exchanged a few quiet words, b-t very often they sat in .st.cnce, never speaking at all. Mag dalen used to look at tln.ni with a grant pity in her heart. Two ruined, wasted lives — ruined nnd wasted more by their own passion and foliy than even by the weakness of the man "who . mourned the loss of his wife's love as punishment for his errors. Sometimes iu her wtt.ks Mag- duieti met Cecil Brandon, und when she noted the weary, sorrowful .ook upon .his face, she wondered which ought to ' be pitted more, tho silent couple whom ahe had left behind, or the man to whom they owed their' unhappiniss. As spring advanced Magdalen heard that litt.o Cissy was much stronger. So much sho learned from Ceci:, with whom she was now on very friendly, terms "And you are a.l "going home, I hope?" she asked. He shook his head. " I am going home," he said, with mournful emphasis. "My wife is going abr dfc." "Fnr how .ongV "For evef, I believe," he answered gloomily. "-We h-ive ugreel to separate." And this also jM.tgdalen told to Ruby. to 11e continued. 