BA Bondge Without FettePs, by CLARA LRIMORE. CIIA1'PTIlt X.-(Continued.) For a moment hie felt faint with the horror of it ; then he caught his breath in ai sudden fury at his own sickening folly, andi, striking the gate savagely with his clenched fist, and sending it tlying back on its hinges, passed into the dense shadow of the plantation. As the gate swung to behind hiim, a swift hshl fell around him. The wind o;as swishing and rushing in and out of the pine- tops over his head, but down here, betwl'ei?n the closely-planted stems, there was comparative stillness. 'The abrupt change came as it surprise; and .\lastterltant stood for it moment looking about him, listening to the hiss of the hurricane away tip above in the tree-.olps. Where was Trenmayne ? Groping his way fromt stem to stein carefully through tihe- plantation, Masterman canne presently to the farther edge. I'cPrilng across the lawn, he could dis cerni the square white outline of the house. 'The smoking and dining rooms both faced this way, yet the whole side of the house lay in darkness. Where, thlell. was Treimaynlle ? Was lie in one of those unlit rooms alone in the dark ness withli his own thoughts ? It. was a ghastly idea: . ad he crept back fromn that struggle on the cliff, and, unseen by Petherick or any of the ser vnltts, stoleit into the desolation of the ilnit Ilolluse. t ll shit.lllliiinsel in alone with his unavailing remorse and misery ? Skirting the edge of the lawn, taking the greatcst possible pains, though he kIew not 1 'lwy, to ]keelp his iaplroaehi invisible from the windows, iMaster mnI: cautiously drew nearer to the lhous, rtdl stopped at last outside tilhe glass door that opened into the samok ing-rmooi. lie would have given somie lhilng to he manl enough to turn the handle liolhly uand walk in. ]But that \was imiorr thlinn he could do. At the idea of lindiing hinmself with Tremavine in that darlkened roomh his flesh fairly crept. liaising his hand, he tapped caiutiously on the glass. Rleceivintg Ino answer, lie knocked again ; then, after a pause, lie slowly tuined the fastening and whispered into the shadows be youd. " Are you tlhere, Trcniaaye ?" lihe asked. No answer. Away in the distance, across the width of the house, some body dropped i metal pan. The sud den elangour set the listener's pulses leaping. Once again he whispered into the darkness; then, just as he was screwing up his courage to mnake a swift entry. a' footstep echoed in the stall hall beyond and a, gleam of re flected lamplight was thrown into the room. It, was empty ! With a gasp Alasterman stepped through the window as P'atherick came ia at. the door, and they stood looking at each other, in a startled silence. Petherick found his speech first. " Goodniess save us, milord, how you did scare me !" he said. " l'm looking for Mr. Tremayne. John .Morris is just back, and says there's been no sign of him down at the hay ; andl there's a man here waiting to see him this hour past. I can't think where lie enu be gone to!" Mastermann drew a breath of relief. Was Trenmayne already off and out of the way, then ? CIlHAPTER XI. Wffen the sihorning broke dull and gray. the hurricane had passed away and left a strange depressing stillness behind it. All Nature wore a torn be draggled look, as though the fierce effort of tile. past few hours had left her exhausted. Long before the light was . clear enough to allow objects at any distance to be distigguiished, the entire popular tion of St. Brise had congregated down at the bay; and now, as the daylight strengthened and the tide receded, the men were following the ebbing waters foot by foot, searching eagerly for evi dence of the past night's tragedy. It was not yet seren o'clock when Mlasternmanand Primrose joined them, making their way down by the steep bank of the little river, instead of going the lbnger way round by' the lane. As for the cliff-path leading down from the laven, that would not be practicnble yet for another hour at least. Althougl the water still cut the nor thern core off from. the bay, the tide was alreid famr enough out to admit of olne or two of tile nlore venturesome spirits milking their way round the. elbow of the cliff', that jutted out be tween thoebay and the place where Tyler had Iallen. What. they expected to fiud w en they got there nobody knew. A' ie spot where he had gone over, the (ce of the cliff scarcely af forded foothold for a gull. It was just a sheer wvIli of slate rock, with here and tIlere?" foot-wide ledge. where a few hbar briars and tufts of grass managed t maintain their struggle for existence. When lP imrose and nlasterlman canme upon the cene, the venturesome clinm bers had already passed roundl the cornler o of sight, and a. group of anxious ? Ltcthe-rs were waitillng as near as they uldi get to the spot where they wver .likely to rappar. Miss I)ane 01a. more herself this morning. Val anod hollow-eyed she certainly o::s, but she had regained her self control, nid was quick-witted and helpful a usual. It was she who first noticed the eager exl. ctancy of the group close up under tilh cliff. "''herq s somethingn ulnsual going on there,' li- said. "'Let us see what they are doing." lhadi beben able, Nlastlcrmanu would have kept her back. 'fThere was no knowing'what gruesome thing they were wa ching at the foot of tile cliff. tiut she ook the inntter into her own hands, ad hurried offl without waiting to see if lie were coming or not. '"FraIn cTrevellyan and Tomn 1ellyar ha1 gaoie rouild into the cove." old 1'ar miiter old lier. " Goodness knlows what tl oy tlhenlk to find, thle. buffle lheais ! Blut nort wild pliause 'enr but to s'e f r thleirselves the pllanee whe~'e the pool owd chap went ovver !" '"Youn lon't think, then-- " Prim rose he?itated over the question, then had' to Istarnt afresh. "Is there no chance, Iten, of their findling the body, Mr. l'a:Pitntee ?" " Loatd lone 'cc," said larmninter, loo'inguniat her with an air of pitying' wonder "thene banin't no ehanceuicof ::ns sudi' tleng s limit, nmy dear.young 1Eddy0! Mfost like he's oUlt to 'St. 1t by nowa niall ilth chlannes are le'll go r ioaii up ll1d unru the coast -for, jecienl rasl Lse.wn'ell.ctitdchLeiglidt 1o I'iiro ie rhuddered, and bit herjipi to eteek its trembling. while Parmln ter urn~. dl 3 iliastermn'n with a pur pose ful manler. "]'ve biu wanting to see 'ee, Lord Masterman"-the St. Brise people had nevcr been hile to bring themselves toi the use of his first. li'name-" I've been wanting I ;al'.sk'e qulestion or two conllslrlling this feartsome hisisniss. 'lasterman's fuce sieldom divulledt what he felt ; and at this uioin nt he was less likely than e\verl to nllow him self to be led into lany indiscretion in the wa.y of endour. 'There was an absolute lack of all expression in his eyes asil turned themn -poll thei old fishermnia and waited. " Fust of all," resumed the old man, "1 wanted to arsk ef you was sartin suire as it was Tyler you seein go ovver cliff-edge Inlust night ?" " I anm quite certain !" answered Mastermian unhesitatingly. Then, as 1 a new toliou,..t presented itself, he pulled hinselt t;, suddenly. "That, is to say- " lie ;,tlsed reflectively. Was he certain, itter all, t ,tluLt. wis Tyler who hadl gone over ? What if it were Tremayne ? Parninter savwe his hesitation and spoke again. " The rayson I askeil 'ee is like this. Patty T''revellyn ., sie sihe seed Solomon '1yler go pas. crarse-roalds after Power o'clock in the iarternortiul; andl John Morris, he, went and tulk. .a l ook in at T'yler's shed as lie went hionie to Cain stow liast night, ilnd he ses as the owl! poiy was unlllhrnessed. iand hldt gotten his feed all coiforttable. Now\ thlnt looks "is of 'T'yler 'el gone hoanl wetl nnI) ani stubbled l ut. t And. of lhe ded ithat.l et doiln't s?een to ine as he'd 'a:' had tile enougah to get. ilek to tlia elifft'-edge :t the time you saiy you seent hilm fall ovver." Mlasternan felt nonplussedl, and showed it. Primrose stood by per fectly still. with her hands deep in the pockets of her lhick cloth jacket. keenly attentive to the conversation. Not the least among the causes of his discom(tfort wits thl ? thought of how this new aspect of ItTaais wtou!rd affect her. If the naln they saw go over the clilf was not Tyhler. then it must. have been T'remnayne. Tlhat. was a fact there weas no gainnsayin?g. As altasterllmn pult his next question to 'ilPariillter, lie felt utterly in the " Wly hid Julllo Morris stop at the' stable ? Why did lie not. go a little farther andtl fintl out if Tyler was at hollle ?" " Ile dedn't like to rouse up the owhll aunt. Tyler's crippled owltl aunt lives weth ntil, ye see, ailld lie dedn't want to break Iup the owld w'tumtln's nighR's rest, weth such tnoos as lie ?nas lrilging ,veth uil." " But has nobody been there this mortning ?" ' Patty 'Irevellyan's up to tlhere now. She goes night anld mlrning to plut, the owld body to rights. She'll be a-long presently. Maybe all the time we've Ibeetn here, gazing :and worritting af.ter lhe. dead body, Tyler's suafe and.sonnd, in has own house. You doan't- s5vy= poaise it's likely that it was-some other chap as you mistuk for Tyler- do 'ee. sir ? 'Tes a longish distance from Mlasty's Ilead ; and some chaps is a gooddish bit like others-at a -dhs- tance. And there's another thelng too -where es Mr. Trejmayne''? John Morris ses :L. 'W hlie ain't been at. Cam stow .the night through. Then where es lie " An exclamation from Primrosa caught the old marn's attention and saved :lastermanl the awkwardness of t reply. Trevellyuan ind Iellyar were in sight, coming back round the corner of the clilf, and everybody .stopped talking to watch their progress. Since they had gone round.the'elbow the tide had receded considerably, and the return journey was therefore less perilous. Ill the same, as they; approached a breathless air of expectancy fell upon those who waited.t "'Av' 'ee coom acras.s anytheng, lads ?" some one among the e watchers called out. And, when the answer. was shouted out, "'Aw-thatt have I, owld chap !"' the silence settled down again. upon the watchers ;with an increased inten sity. Alasterman moved near to Primrose and put lier hlnd within his rinn.. 'Them girl was conscious that the action meant -protectionh, but did not speak. At the moment she liad no thought but for IIellyir elone. As the climbers came within reach, half a dozen eager pairs of hands were extended:to assist them to the level.of the beich. Blut they nieeded no help. of anty kind.. With a final scramble and leap, tfey bounided from the clifl' face into'the midst of .the waiting group, and stood; flushed and pantilig, every eye ulpon them; every ear alert to catch the -full -meaning- of their first words. . ..' They wasted no.tinme in':lseless fen cing. ilellyar thirust his sinewy,. brown hand into the, fisherman's jersey and pulled something out.. Glancing round the circle of faces, helfixed upon M'as termanu as the pearson highest ina.uttlho rity, and flung his open hid i.'itn his direction. . "What doi 'ee umaake o'' tht.h my dear ?" lie aisked. ' The- xcitemeniit of the inoment .pre cluded ceremoniousiess :IIellyar ;ad dressed Lord B:uasilhiasi hee would hias:e addressed his most intimate comrade." Thle group instinctively drew: closer and examined the :.man's" extended palm. On it there lay a' genitleman's searf-pil)-aiin inexpensiie trifle -.made of oxidised silver, a. well-modelled re presentation of a. horse's head.': ;;.'."i Primrose recognised it instantly, aind drew in her breiuth. with a 'gasp'thadt was almost, a cry. alhastelrmain presseld her hand warningly'nnd did not speak, trying to grasp tlie fitulmre possibilities of this new devielopment. ..'Jhn Mor ris, peering over . Hllyair's .shoulder. from behind, was less reticedit.' "Mr. Treiumayne's iin !" hlie ejacu lated. " May I die ef et hain't the piiin Mr.. Tremayne was wearing ;m. ':lies neektie wheii he drum 'infto ,Wyiyotte yesterdm:y- miarning-! ": . .7 i"Be 'ee sure;-, Jolin *Morris'?" .:iked Parminter sble'mnly. --l?, 'ee. quilite sure, my deari ? I';hes- be:tinmes when foak shud be manin cirefual ?whatthey ses about tleiigs. ;:Be'ee sure of what you say ?" :' ' " Ay, I be main sure — unless so be as theere's another pin o' the same pat tern in St. Brise," answered the lad with conviction. :",I'otiled it -speciatl in .the master's scarf iis'lhe studi on the steps yesterldayj.,mi?n.iiiiing, piitting .on hes gloves. ':i was at, the- mare's head, and I looked at thlie in, aiid then,at the nmare, and thought how like it.i wsa, and. wondered of 't cost.iiuch-.moneuy, and. .ef I could afttord ,to buy one, like et. I nin't made q· inist?le; Tparininter. Mr. 'Tremayne. had. :that :p in hes' scanrf yesterday: s Stire 'is you an' n m's liv, in' men this' iinuteh!',..: 1'arnmintier, listeninig. ;,attentively, nodded hisf liead slowljy nd iturned to l1ellyor. - - " And wlicedt ded youh f?d et, Hell-. ." Oni a ldge ab'iot. ten. ' feet. nboie last tiiights:-;itide-ilnark," Ianswerel Ilel!vilar -jiust;uiiider ithllc place where lie fll.l ;,Yoilciain .see the- spot whelre he: coald ome'der thlie edge" quite Iplai., tlhe'giiss, is stiii.e aind; , hangs in s vg'- -I'cehallian ' a ine meade out, to. clcinb stiaaighlit udi'tlii cleft-fanace h. a lihie;,;6to.: see wvbiatiwe culd . find. an' anfo?yp'?ie'd,, go- wd- o n,! ys distance- we come dicross itlie' bauble, resting on a l•d e e ,s'i ts I t 'eel? ' ."".IcTe~ StrklkklllfO," 111(1(1 Parinteeir l. ilk i '11k. l~~:trbollblkd Voice-" ltckk Otr:klakkg. 1101 111( 'li··to uriderstaild i" Ito ra;isedl ·hik. 0 eJ~s i clad kotlyt froml thec trinketc · to 1110k at 21Is~terinaikl kund I'rikkulose·. batik o'erv pikle 111(1 Otlkl. 1ksklnnikkf Oie: Fv 51110 ~in- tOO COI&-ddl~l·-lOk.-kLn -s Ik~ly i. ~i3':. V\lkkk.t 1 ekki~kk't* g1r.t 110 ecflprdckleskOU of (15 this. 1ff '111115 Sa Tir 1 -l-yokk 11111 his lordolhi p, 21is0 DCkkulk-kskW' lkmubleklv~er el(t'1 rilge 111110 fiik I, lIcOV C 7kkkkk0 Mr. 1I're IIt Lk'lkk'k' '1'.VICI IhCII~ 2P AIlkirl C! 1Vk1 'Fli'O y\'1lkT 01kWC.' fell. 0110, 0 Z ii 00 eit:klkllct 'l'.vlklks l lii"? kIltl\\\ nd O 'k Ankit, ef 't\\\lls 'l'rl·lkW s fell, W·l~cl~kO 211 'L~klilkk dkapekkek"L" 10 :1111 kkl :1 101 kklltC in kti 11 lk~lkkrokkkltlblll fsikolll: k Skk~ckks 10 kkkC tikerL"5 1k kkkstcllkll bill (el:lde sorom~kW1cV SL'emso ImnI Hlnt s~ntlV to tell 110 that Sal '1ylek Olkelki llk'4 ni111t collfortlklkl ill lies bed, wikiles ~ve ~I 11 l\lkstkkkif 01 goodl e~e olgfillt okut Ikeke g~lkkeikkg :~re his deo~d lbkdy. Serbs ito lkke"--lke look the sk'kk· (-pil trfiolls llllykkr'sI:l 11111 kik~1C ekŽIlntlklted Ills IVokl5l \~itli it, regkklnlkly, 1k 0J11 blble ill 1k liikkkt'-'11 ef .1 Will somebody cisC you seekl go ovler cleft edge last' night-nomebody 'as left this 'ere trinket behind un." Primrose caught her breeth again. and turned swiftly aside. It was al most as if she was conscious of the. conceutrated gaze of the group. and felt unable to bear it. la sternumn would have given anything to take her away out ci it all. It wasnot that he had no faith in bhe: self-control, but he knew- how all thlis strain and self-re pression was bound to tell on her in the long run. "It was very incomprehensible,, all of it," lie said. " If someiboy would, go nod hurry up Patty l'revellyan, per-. aiils--" lic stopped abruptly.. Patty Trevellyan was coming down. by the river-bank, the ioad by which tasterrl,'ri and Primrc:e had come a little while hefIre. T'le searchers along the tide-way had collected. lariOlllld Ilillyar, iland now1, it they saw the girl running along the river-balnk towards thelm, they raised a quick shcut and moveld rway swiftly up the ibeaIch to meet her. " Es ul there ? Es Sol Tyler theere,. ,illafe n toullltd in ihes own hoain " sang out her brother as she came. She shcok her hnad as shea called back her answer. " lie's not bin hoam scene laast ilight, tea-time. Aunt Tu heard uni outsile tallking to thi povwny, about five o'clock-quite daark, she ses 'twasi -an' she aini't seen nor heard sign, of uii1 truce.' ""I'et a mystery," saiild 'arnminter,. speaking in a low tone to those near him. and glancing keenly at Master- tncn and i'rimrose on the outler edge of the crowd. "'T'es a mystery, all of et ! Seems to me theere's morn in this lhsness than we've heard of or ever shall hear. Theere's only one thinsg plain, and that es that, whoever 'twoas went ovver clef'-fdge laast night. 't warn't. Sol Tyler. That do seem. 'stablisheci beyond. the reach of all doubt." A chorns: of asentiing " Ayes.!" and " Als !" anct 'Aw, surelys !" canle in answer, and died away into silence again as I'rimlrooe drew near. She wanted' her cousin's scarf-pin, she said. Andt. when they had given it to her, she wrappled id up in her ha'dkerchief, l:paing iti is and out through the linen a great ramaly times, and folding the hanldkerchief up with tlh' greatest care:- Mastermtan stood a little behind her :s she did ids watch ing her closely, a.si if he feiared she mnigitt hbreak dowr.- When she had tinishcd, she put out: her Ihand t'o'I'ar minithr ard :'iid " (loc-i-bye !" " Oit course," she said, turlning her whitnsleathi-like face slowly round-the group;. "I know what you all think; :but it seems to me thattr, can't'rltrue i- cam only hope that it ctan't be true. 1t is-altl very terrible; atld perhaps we slhlll; "llue of us here, ever know t.bo ,reil trthb cf it-perhaps it would be better" that we never sholid. I don't know--nobcdy know::. If there-if it =if an: liews--defliite news-should come, .ySou will see to it that I am told at once, some of you.?" A murmured reply in the affirtmative ctittev-fromr then all. "'Thank you ! I-I should like to lnowitnil htere is to know. Thlank you all ! " 1'r sure you won't. forgoet. Good-bye ! I must get back to my mother." Mastermam tcok her anTesistimg hand and led her away up the river hank, the wary they hadl cone ;;and' the group left .Iehind stood silently, watch ing them. Primrose felt. they. were watching h?er; she turned, when: they had proceeded a little distance,, and w~aved her hiand to them, and caps and hands were waved heartily in response, a.ndi a kindlv. little chorus of " Good days !" and'"God bless yous l"'came stealing up to her on the salt?iaden windc. As she tuarned and resumed bho up ward way, AlistermnnL watched: her curiously. Presently she caugifh;his scrutinising gaze, and a faint ghost of a smile played for an instant upon.'her pale lips. "there enteth' my girlhood;'" she said) "I'e, left it behind ame, rlown there, among- my old playfelldws._ The old fice-and easy fellowship of. the past is no longer possible between me and them. People. who have secrets to keep .must.t nnt' indulge in confidential. intimacies." "What sseuiet. do you. mean'?" 3las-' ierman .asked 'qiietly.. . Pim'irose 'Ioked' at: him t :vith:, faint surpriise: '"ft 'l;er'el.o.' need ;to hsk ? Don't ite :.shook hIishbead. ;s:', ` 'Is it possble tlit pu; too, Iaelieve this foolishniess ?Do yoi for a;mnoment imrginie thut :it?was Ted-- mni poor ificned-riven rTed we sawv go over that gliastly' plate last 'night ?"' r '?z\y inot ?"I lie.: asked. "Why not Tedns :likely:as the'other ?" : Do yoir forget the picklting6;up of led s jiackaltr S" Tlie other.n might harve done that. If ,yonii'reesaguing to.:judge by evidence 1lone, "tle evidleiiedis.more in favour of the. other: belief.::. The finding of the pifi, Tlylr's: stablinig of the- pony- " It i niothing-a ill nothing I The pin ':;"*Wasit not as likely tui be in the. clutch' off the ;one as of the other ? The poiny ? If Ted sasw him waiting at the gate,,woiuld lie not let himt in and iiiithini' ito. the shed, safe out of sight? Voi'uld he not'knrcw that, to leave :the creature tlire , standing in thbe'idad; ,was the surest ray' to excite inqluii!y to-cause alarm, to hurry on discovery ? . That is nothitng.!' It was not Ted we saw go over. Ted is alive, ,vit? the stain of a felltbw- creature's blood onl his soul; und: it is all m:y 'oing :!"': t: o Ie Coutinred. . 