THE STORYTELLEB ' Tuggenboonab. Bill.' By E. W. Hoexu.vg. He was entered on the station books as William Cjke. The name became memorable as the cmly one to be transferred to the new net of books when Tuggenboonali changed hands, with eighty thousand sheep and close upon three hundred miles of wire fencing. Thereafter it was all but dropped for Tuggtnboonah Bill, and it is by the uncouth sobriquet that he who earned it is best remembered in that district to this day. The purchaser ot' Tuggenboonah was a Victorian squatter, hitherto in a small way, but with life long hankerings after the vast paddocks and stupendous flocks of the far-famed Riverina. A timely windfall had enabled John Crowther to gratify this ambition at a moment when he was in peculiar need of a new object in life ; the Victorian station was entrusted to a manager ; and Crowther himself proceeded personally to mismanage his new possessions, assisted by the pick of his former staff, who, like their chief, had learnt their busi ness iu another school. This is no place for a disquisition upon the manifold difference between The flap of the envelope yielded by slow but sure degrees to an ivory paper knife. a Victorian station and one in the Riverina district of New South Wales ; suffice it that these men were as the officers of a sailing ship transported from their accustomed poop to a steamer's bridge. They knew a good deal about it, but not enough, and experience alone would make good the de ficiency. It was in these circumstances that William Coke became Tuggenboonah Bill, their right-band man, the man who knew exactly how many sheep each paddock would carry, exactly how long this tank would hold cut, and exactly when to start that '♦whim,' to say nothing of the precise way to set about it. So invaluable were his services in these tentative times that Tuggenboonah Bill soon had the refusal of quite another alyle and title. 'Seems to me a superior sort of chap,' said Crowther to his Victorian overseer ; ' talks as well as you or I do, if it comes to that. Do you know what I've half a mind to do ? I've half a miud to take him on ae second overseer, double his screw, and have him to live with us here in the house.' The first overseer encouraged the idea. Over worked himself, he could view the proposed reform, drastic as it wan, with complete approval. Un fortunately it was met with a different reception from a person yet more intimately con-jerned. ' It's very kind of you, sir,' said Bill himself ((rboj-aid 'sir' more uften than the ordinary bushraan) ; ' but I'm too conufortabie out at the hut to care to move. You see I've been there some years. On the whole I'd rather stop at the Six-mile, if you will Lat me, and will believe that I'm tremendously grateful all the same.' ' Comfortable,' the squatter was exclaiming. ' Let you ! Oh, yes, of course I'll let you, rather thnn lose you altogether. But do you quite under stand':' I invite you to be one of us —in the house — your room to yourself and your place at my table. I offer you a hundred a year instead of the beggarly pound a week you're getting.' The stockman suppressed a smile. ' It may seem beggarly to you, sir, but for me it's more than enough. I mean it — more ! You get such a thundering big cheque, when jou've put in a few month's work that there's only one way of gettiDg rid of it. And the man that knocks down his cheque like the rest, every few months, isn't fit to sit at your iable, Mr. Crowther. All the same, sir, I shan't forget your kindness in. suggesting it.' John Crowther drove back to his overseer with a cleft between his eyes. ' There's some mystery about that fellow. It isn't only the way he speaks. He'd be a good looking devil if he shaved, and had a decent coat to his back. But he doesn't want one ; won't have our society at a gift ; prefers to be alone out there at a pound a week ! There's a mystery there, and a history too, you mark my words.' A few weeks later the mystery promised to deepen or else disperse, but in neither direction was the promise fulfilled. There had tumbled from the Tuggenboonah mail-bag a letter at which even an. honest man, like John Crowtber, could look twice and thrice, though the letter was Dot for him or his. It came in an extravagantly thick envelope, surrounded by a veritable frieze of penny stamps ; sealed, crested, and ditected in a hand full of character and distinsrion. The superscription ran : — 'To 'William Arundle Bateman Coke, Esq., Tuggenboonah Station, near Wilcaunia, New South Wales.' ' I rather think I've got something for you,' said the squatter, meeting Tuggenboonah Bill uext morning in the saddle. ' It's a letter that came by yesterday's mail. I won't swear that it is for you, mind, but I slipped it in my pocket in case we met.' Of course the meeting was by flagrant design on the part of this otherwise worthy gentleman, who furthermore failed to suppress a too visible interest in the letter and recipient alike. Perhaps he did not try to suppress it. He was a well meaning man, somethiug lacking in tact, but in discernment uat at all. He had already discovered the gentleman in the boundary rider, and dooe his ben to eliminate the latter. Ke was now pre pared to go further still. He was prepared to be an elder brother to this young scamp, and to pack him home to his friends. Unfortunately, his face showed something of the sort, and the other was on hii guard befoie the letter came to light. He scarcely gave it a glance. A grim smile accompanied its immediate return. ' What ! .Not for you ? '? But it's your name ! ' cried Crowther. Bill's smile broadened without softening in the leant. The teeth merely showed between bristly beard and unkept moustache. The effect was rather sinister. ' I wish it was my name ! ' he exi-laimed ironically. ' You don't suppose I'd drop the best part if it was ? No, Mr. Crowther, only the beginning aud tho end are mine, and they're as common as Jack Robinson.' ' Then what am I to do with this ? ' And Crowther looked again from the missive to the man, as if by no means thoroughly con vinced. ' Put it in the rack in the store. It'll be claimed sooner or later, but if not, no harm done. It's probably one of the hands that went when you came. There was one flash young chap that had the looks of a swell. But here are my sheep camping all over the place. If I don't round 'em up and push on we may lose one or two, for this here herd hasn't bad a drink all day.' And now the voice was the voice of the ordinary stockman, the phraseology that of his claBS. Moreover, Crowther left his man so completely absorbed in his own business, and prosecuting the same with volleys of such exceedingly strong language, hurled at sheep and sheep-dog indiffer ently, that this time the squatter returned with modified views. He was not so sure of the centle man after all. It was not only the vocabulary of the fellow ; why should he repudiate a thing so irresistible us a letter if it really had been for him ? The more he thought of it, the more con trary it seemed to human nature, of which every man of 40 is some judge. Crowther was 45, and a better judge than most ; for he had the human sympathy begotten by a great sorrow ; and he simply did not believe in letters from the old country being rejected or left unread by their rightful recipients at the . opposite ends of the earth. They might come from a hpstile or a hated hand. They might contain certain offence, inevitable heart-burning, unavailing recrimination and reproach. They might open every wouad in a man's soul. But the man would prefer to know the worst. So this letter was duly mounted in the rac-k within the station store, and that very night the squatter's principle was proven to the hilr. He little knew it. The outrage was neither detected at the time nor ever afterwards confessed. The station was uone the le.=s the scene of a very impudent burglary in the small hours of the following morning. Tuggeaboonah Bill committed it without a qualm. His criminal equipment was entirely nugatory, but his determination was only equalled by his luck. He had but his knife and some wire ?with which to pick a lock for the first time in his life. Yet he succeeded. The spring yielded with a clash that sounded deafening in the dead of night. Yet no one heard it. The burglar flew to where his horse stood tethered among- some trees. But no door opened, no foot fell. He i returned with more caution, stole into the store and softly bolted the door behind him. He had an inch of candle. It occurred to Tuggeuboonah Bill to burn it in his inverted wideawake, and this was the one touch which showed the least aptitude for a criminal career. It was an inspiration. The light was thrown entirely upwards, in a wide circle that moved across the iron roof as Coke felt his way to the letter-rack. No ray could have escaped under the door, nor yet through the empty keyhole. At the rack, however, it was necsssary to lower the wideawake, and the light spread down the wall. The letter was quickly found. Coke took it to the tall desk at one end of the counter. He perched himself onto the tall stool, and adjusted the wideawake on the slope in front of him. The circle of light was now fixed and smaller. A number of imple ments, suspended from the roof, hung salient in the circle, like an enormous bunch of keys. Coke worked patiently at the thick flap of the envelope, holding the latter high up in the light, until his arms ached, and be was forced to rest them. The richness of the stationery was a g great point in his favour. The flap yielded by ''^ slow but sure degrees to an ivory paper-knife - found upon the desk. Thereapon Coke heaved r a deep sigh, ind immediately broke the seal, merely gathering the atoms ot brittle wax with great care, sweeping them from the slope into the palru of one hand which be stood up to unclose iu his trousers' pocket. Then Tuggenboonah Bill read the letter from England, addressed to William Arundle Bateman- Coke, E-quire. Continued on Page 523. Bt E. W. Hoentjko. Continued from Page 518. It had little effect upon him. It did not soften the grim outlines of the bearded face. It did not leave them harder than before. It merely filled the man with thought, bo that he eat abstracted on. the. tall stool, in perilous oblivion to his situations The bit of eandje burnt lower in the 'wideawake. . The silence was emphasised by a peculiar and monotonous little noise. It was ;*he intruder drumming with the paper-knife on the leathern slope. Suddenly he came to himself, -1h^ wittoat a*pa8n*,r with a-pera lift of the eyebrows and a passing smile. He put down the paper knife and had another look ac the letter. And this lime something made its mark ; his eye gleamed. ' St- much for old pals,' he muttered. ' To go and give me away ! To go and girs mo away ! ' ^ There was sealing-wax on the desk. There was juBt enough candle left for settling purposes. Coke had a signet ring in his pocket. 'The letter looked . ntouched when it was back in the rack ; an examination would have proved nothing ; it was sealed ooce more, with similar wax, and the seif eame seal. Ani Tuggenboonah Bil! rode back to the Six Mile with candle-greasB and sealing-wax in the crown of hi& wideawake, and the same one grievance upon his bearded lips. ' Ton couldn't keep it to yourself. Iba must gtf &cd; give me away. So much for old pals ! ' By the next mail came a letter and a packet of newspapers addressed to William Coke. Tuggen boonah Bill could not repudiate these, but felt inclined to burn the letter unread. It was written froin a Piccadilly Club, probably- in five minutes and contained little but some excellent advice wrapped up in dang. Coke was annoyed ; he had not asked for advice ; and he could not under stand all the slang. The letter went on the fire after all. It had irritated Coke. *' Call , yourself a pal still, do yon ? ' he muttered. ' After going and giving me away ! ' But the papers were another matter. They were the very papers the exile would, have chosen. He lived on them for many a day. They were bis nightly solace, and his torment too ; they ' brought toe many things home to him. There was not a horse left on the turf that he had ever heard of before. The theatrical advertisements were foil of fresh names ; in particular, new stars had arisen in the firmament of burlesque. The 'Sporting Times ' waB the greatest irritant ; its allusions were Greek to a once constant reader; it was worse than the slang in. the letter. There had been changes, too, in the very staff. The graver papers gave less offence. Taggenboonah Bill had never before been their serious student. He fancied some of them had changed their politics. But his obief amazement was at the solemn references to lady cyolists ; in his own day, it wasn't a thing that anybody did ; but then, his own day was over and done with, once and foe all. Yet he was little more than 30 years of age. It was singular, indeed, how he clung to his decision. His work was of the hardest in cumulative effect, if it seldom- reached the pitch of violent exertion. And sometimes it did. But the majority of his working hours were spent in the saddle ; he put in a longer day on horseback than that of any salesman behind a counter ; never so long as in the fiery heat of the Australian eum mert when the tanks were drying, and the sheep either bogging in the mud or dying like flies all over the run. That n as J;he time when a good boundary rider was worth his weight in gold ; and, luckily for the new owner, in all Eirerina there was none'better than Tuggenboonah Bill. It was after shearing that the station had changed hands ; it is then the etition year begins with: its five worst months. These were the months in which the man ab the Six-Mile refused ta move into the house, but broke in one night to read a letter. He came no mare to the homestead fair weeks and months. He was too busy in the enormous paddocks under his charge. His arms were burnt redderthan any Indian's. His sleeves were never down. He never wore his coat from ? November till the end of March This month was hot enough. The thermometer still ran into three figures in the middle of the day. But the days were shorter, and the long nights deuciousiy cnoL Then in April there was a fine, xainfall, and grass grew in a night, very sparse, but green as emeralds, a sheer miracle to the Victorians. As for Tuggenboonah Bill, he had nothing to do bnt to mend his fences for a whole month. The sheep swelled with fatness and with growing wool. Then all at once the plains became' dotted with tiny, staggering flakes of white, and now; the. boundary-rider kept a keen eye once more, and his ear was seldom empty of the thin, high, bleat of the newly-born. , It is confidently asserted that absolute solitude makes a man either one lining or the other, a very -Tfflain.w -. ?-. ..-r : ._. Uiau 51,-vt Th? esiL: fromPi* ?.?-'-- cf-i^s'-nni p. sen: ohdusm-y apart, .^. iJ.v.-u-Hily :.cu-;E thau BiO.rr. Ss. Tuggen ? ? . I-Le w-vj kkd t« eiria.»'m. taa good sh / ;. 'a« coi'sJirr::'.' fe3£~.'j:.r. ' TT^i muster's .: .?, o.^ rare- hi* ta a -'Y. - n-.v, a m(,a * to batra,.,*' ?►= ;?.,:*;-. ?;jA7iafi7ftJRh.;- :?,,-. : ;:/-: 80 strange a pride in nis work, the only kind that he had sver done. Thus he was uisensibfe re trieving the character he considered loBt, or he was building up a new character in its place. But in either case he was unconscious of the fact, and occasional backslidinga assisted his humility. Then, indeed, he was no better than the rest. If or did he ever appear their superior to the casual eyB, nor. ^was this for an instant his desire Now at the lamb-marking, for example, when all hands met, encamped upon one sanguinary field, the keenest observer might have failed to pick him out.- Yet at night, in the man's camp, he smoked bis twist and sang his song with the rest, and the song was just what you would have expected of a thorough -paced pound-a-week back-blocker. And by day he did his part in as cruel a campaign as you couid wince to see ; but he did not wince, and yon marht have scanned the file of ruthless executioners, each in a sack from chin to heel, ?» ith a bloody faoe and bloody arms stuck through three holes in the end of the sack, but the ghost of a dead disgust, on the face with the dripping beard, would have been your one pale clue to the Piccadilly clubman. This horrid rite ia next in importance to the great affair of shearing. In point of time, however, the lamb-marking comes first by several weeks. Mare preparations apart, the ensuing interval may stand for the slack time of the station year ; but it is not necessarily slack at all. Usually, however, there has been same rain, and this year was nu exception to the rule. It was, in fact, a very good season, and duties at the Six-Mile were proportionately light. There was a momentary abundance of ephemeral grass. Not only the excavated tanks, bus the very crab-holes were full to the brim, and caught the sun which* ever way one looked, so that the countryside stood winking at its old enemy, as Argus with all his eyes. And the boundary-rider could afford to nod and wink in his turn over the budget of print which he already knew by heart. So now it drove him back upon himself, and all of a sudden his life, was unendurable. f He was unable to eat or sleep to any approxi mately adequate extent. He could only fume and fret and tear his own vitals. It was ' the horrors ' of solitary men. They say it is the worst kind of the two. And Tuggenboonah Bill had had them before. 'Worse or better, ?this kind drives seven men out of ten to ? the other. Coke had been one of the seven sometimes, but as often one of the three. He remembered the former occasions. He fought furiously against the whip and spur of those memories; but they came on the head of others and worse ; the combination was more than this man could bear; -he gave in, and resigned his manhood for the once. The next stage was horrible. It was shamelessly deliberate. It involved walking in for one's cheque, and then an infinitely longer walk to the nearest township. The boundary-rider set about it in cynical mood. Already he was another being. ' It was a bright winter's day, just cool enough to wear one's jacket afoot, to mend the fire if one sat indoors. The station wore a deserted appear ance. There were no loiterers to be seen in passing the men's hut. But Coke did not stop to look in ; he had no need of a companion. All ho wanted was a couple of minutes with the boss ; but there was e,o sign of overseer or owner about the home stead. There were the sounds of unseen children playing in the pine plantation. A widower with a young family was John Crjwther, but 0\\-ke scarcely expected to find him surrounded by his children in the middle of the afternoon. So he stepped up to the station store, which adjoined the main building, and he knocked where he had broken in five months before. There was no answering sound within. But the boundary-rider was waiting in a little lobby into which the dining-room also opened ; that door had been standing ajar ; now it opened, with a whine from the hinges, and suoh a rustle as Tuggenboonah Bill had not heard since he came by that name. A lady stood on the threshold ; he had not seen a lady for years and years. The station was very far back. The late staff had been entirely male. Coke understood that the new squatter had young children, but that was all. He was horribly embarrassed ; the old life suddenly seemed to have run right down to the last minute ; if he had met this lady yesterday, in the Pack, he would not have felt the present meeting more. She looked very young, and yet no mere girl. The distinction flashed across him, subtle as it was. His perceptions were painful in their sadden rapidity and sledge-hammer force ; they stung him like a frost-bitten limb beginning to thaw. He was aware of crisp black hair, a de cided nose, a deep chin, all redeemed and soft i i.w.- a peculiarly kind brown eye. He also saw ; that xl vonug woman was tall and straight, and | cer't ut plainly dressed, though her sleeves ?.-???? f a singular size, and her skirt an error , en ,! . le of simplicity. Yet it was a mere ar^i-f-r if seconds before the young woman ' Are you looking for Mr. Crowther ? ' she inquired. Her voice was pleasant. Nay, more, it was an English voice ! The boundary-rider felt certain of it from the first syllable. ' I was,' said he. ' I'm afraid .they're all away. I expect them back to- night.' 'That's all right,' said Tuggenboonah BflL ' I mean to say, thanks awfully, then I most wait.' There spoke his former self. Tuggenboonah Bill had been staring until the lady blushed ; his old self had bettor manners, and no w he was look ing down into the crown of his wideawake. So he had taken off his hat ! .Well, that was some thing. ' Is it anything I can do for you P ' And now the voice was a little shy, but its kindly intonation even more marked than before. The stockman turned and locked at his questioner again, but this time without offence. His smile was deferential to a nice degree. It was unpresuming without servility, which, indeed, is neither met with nor looked for in the bush. There was, nevertheless, a flicker of allowable humour in bis eyes. ' That depends,' said he. ' I— I didn't know there were any ladies in die family. Xt depends whether yourever wrote the cheques.' The girl smiled. 'No, I don't do that,' she said with an emphasis which implied that it was one of the few things she did not do. ' Neither,' she added, 'am I one of the family.' And a singular pure complexion-was enhanced by the very slightest and most transient access of colour. ' I see,' said Coke discreetly. ' I've oome to look after the children and to keep house,' the girl explained— as though it were necessary to enter into explanations with him. — as though he were not merely one of the men ! Indeed, that circumstance had not occurred to hex, and, for the moment, he had forgotten it himself. ' You haven't been here very long, have you? ' ? ? There was a tone of lost opportunities in his voice. ' Only two or three weeks.' ' And you come from home ! ' She started. ' How did you know f ' ' Oh, I knew,' he chuckled. ?* I happen to come from home myself.' Never had simple statement a more ex traordinary effect. The brown eyes sparkled with excitement. The decided little lips flew assunder. The staid housekeeper stood transfigured with the delight of a child. ' Oh, are you ?' she said. 'How delight ful ! You're the first I've met since I came up country ! ' (To be continued.) 