AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. The Theatre Royal was crowded from floor to ceiling on Saturday evening, when the winter theatrical season was inaugu-<*> rated with the production of the spectacu- lar and pantomimic extravaganza "Little Red Riding Hood," for the "book" and lyrics of which Mr. Bernard Espinasse is responsible, while the music is the joint handiwork of M. Leon Caron and Mr. V. Weichter. Mr. Espinasse is well and favorably known as a writer of clever comedy, and not less successful drama, and it would perhaps be too much to expect that his versatility should embrace the ex- tremely airy persiflage peculiar to modern pantomime, which, while calling for no great literary power, yet demands that its creator should have at his command a considerable fund of boisterous spirits with which to imbue his characters. The nursery story of little Red Riding Hood has according to time-honored custom, been used as a thread on which to string gems of song and sparklets of humor, while with the usual latitude allowed in the realms of extravaganza its characters in- clude a number of personages whose names are familiar to those steeped in fairy lore, but who like the flowers that bloom in the spring, have nothing to do with the case of the dainty maiden and the wicked wolf. The audience, therefore, renews an ac- quaintance with Boy Blue, whose sheep are left to roam at their own sweet will while he flies to the rescue of the heroine; Mother Hubbard, whose boneless dog, notwithstanding his unappeased appe- tite, is of most generous proportions; little Miss Muffit, Marjory Daw, Simple Simon, and a host of others who will be instantly recognised. These legendary folk display a singular knowledge of current events, and with a charming irrelevancy take part in a thrilling battle scene and tableaux, depict- ing in realistic fashion the storming of the kopje and the struggle at Elands Laagte. In a rock-bound valley the British troops make their appearance, the scarlet coats of the Grenadiers, mingling with the blue uniforms of the Naval Brigade, while de- tachments of Gordon Highlanders in their national costume, the Royal Irish Rifles in distinctive dress, and the New South Wales Lancers in sober-hued khaki, all parade amidst ringing cheers and general enthu- siasm. The storming of the heights and the overwhelming of the Boer commandos call forth another patriotic outburst, and the final tableau, showing the British soldiers in possession of the enemy's stronghold brings down the curtain, while the theatre re-echoes with demonstrative applause. Mr. J. C. Williamson's scenic artists have hap- pily grasped the opportunities afforded them for blending poetic imagination with artistic skill. Mr. John Gordon has painted a delightful set in "Glow-worm Dell," which is illuminated by the mellow light of the rising moon, and his subsequent pic- ture showing the exterior of Mother Hub- bard's cottage, which is almost covered with a wealth of radiant blossoms and luxuriant foliage, is another fine example of scenic art. More charming still is the quaint little village of Happy-go-Lucky, with its vistas of wood and water, its picturesque windmill and gothic buildings, and in all his work Mr. John Gordon plainly shows that he has in- herited the skill and artistic faculties of his father. Mr. Phil Goatcher has a fantastic example of his work in the "Phantom Forest," with its gnarled and twisted trees, whose living branches writhe and tremble in shuddery and ghost- like fashion. The same artist is respon- sible for the patriotic tableau already re- ferred to, while he is also represented by a bright and glowing picture illustrating the palace of Prince Valiant. Incidental dances, invented and arranged by Miss Minnie Everett, and contributed by the Royal Ballerinas, comprise a "Ballet champetre" and a minuet a la Watteau, the latter, which was especially pretty and graceful, being warmly recalled. A series of exceedingly fine pictures, illustrating incidents and events in the present war in South Africa, were exhibited by means of the Anglo-American Bio-Tableau during the second act. These pictures, which fill the whole of the proscenium, are extremely realistic, and the spectator is enabled to witness in safety a charge of the famous Gordon Highlanders, to see the ambulance corps removing wounded under fire, to snatch a view of the veldt from a troop train, and applaud the New South Wales Lancers as they march through the streets of Cape Town. Then Lord Roberts is seen embarking for Cape Town, a train laden with Seaforth Highlanders rapidly crosses a temporary bridge over the Modder, and a panoramic view of Cape Town and Table Bay, with other equally realistic pictures, find general favor. A portrait of Colonel Baden-Powell was greeted with enthusias- tic recognition, whilst the final picture, representing her Majesty the Queen, brought the audience to their feet, and the National Anthem was lustily chorused from all parts of the house. Miss Dorothy Vane, petite and winsome, is Little Red Riding Hood, and acts pret- tily and daintily the part of the maiden of the story book. She sang a patriotic ditty, entitled "John Bull's letter bag," with a fervor and vim that secured her a pro- nounced recall, while the music allotted her in the Phantom Forest, which is highly effective, and above that usually met with in pantomime, was cleverly rendered to a distracting accompaniment of flashing lightning and rolling thunder. Miss Carrie Moore, as handsome and dashing as in her previous burlesque imperso- nations, was a gallant Boy Blue, while her singing again showed a marked improvement. A pretty ballad, "If all the stars were mine," was charm- ingly sung and vociferously encored, and a similar compliment was paid the patrio- tic song, "Children of the Empire," with which Boy Blue, having for the nonce dis- carded his characteristic color for the popular khaki, cheered his soldiers on to victory. Mr. Harry Shine, as Mother Hubbard, is responsible for most of the fun of the pantomime, his comical facial contortions, amusing by-play, and quaintly humorous songs, keeping the audience merry while he is in evidence. He dis- plays commendable tact and discretion in is impersonation of fine "widdy," quali- ties not always to be met with in charac- terisations of this nature. The author of the "book" has not provided Mr. Hugh J. Ward with many opportunities of being funny as Baron Splosh, and the actor has not supplemented the efforts of the writer to any great extent. His agility and pedal dexterity, however, were admirably dis- played in a grotesque dance, and a burlesque tragedy scene was well done. Mr. P. Bathurst makes the past of the wolf effective; but Mr. Chas. Berke- ley, a very capable comedian, is, for ob- vious reasons, unable to do much with Simple Simon. Mr. Hassan, as Mont- morency, the donkey, indulges in a variety of antics calculated to provoke laughter, and Mr. Ridgeway, as Dog Tray aids and abets him amusingly. Two little girls, arrayed one as a costly flaxen- haired doll, and the other as a cheap wooden one, sang a quaint little duet, which evoked much laughter and applause, the representative of the commoner article being particularly funny in her actions and attitudes. A host of other characters were distributed about the stage, the choruses were vigor- ously and pleasingly sung, and the music, most of which is bright and tuneful, met with general appreciation. "Little Red Riding Hood" will be re- peated until further notice, the first matinee being given to-day at 2 o'clock, when children will be admitted to all parts of the house at half-price. The box- plan will be open at the Theatre throughout the day. 