TRAPPING A BURGLAR. This evening both ghosts and burglars were far from his mind, for he had received a letter from his father only the day before saying that he was coming down to Ilerrincton to tmend the Sumlitv- and even as Bob crossed the drive, lie met the dog cart on its way to the station to fetch him. As Hie place of meeting was still a mile from tho house, and the station was not any further, Bob determined to drive 3 miles rather than walk one, nnd got up beside Hie man, thus saving him self trouble and performing a filial attention of a really supererogatory nature. But on the ar rival of the train from town it was soon clear that his father was not in it, and Bob, imagining him to have been detained by some unexpected news from the seat of war, drove home again, taking his absence as lie would have taken his arrival, with perfect equanimity. A short cut led across the lawn to the house, and as the night had turned cold, with a hint of enow, Bob- got down at this point and walked across the grass to the house. Halfway across lie tripped in something and fell, and examining what had caused his fall, found a wire, where no wire should bo, stretched between two trees, lie left it where it was, meditating darkly upon what this should mean,, and immediately afterwards fell over another. At this, with a flash, the exciting solution flared full upon him; the long-expected burglars loomed Imminent over the horizon. He had -heard of tbis ingenious contrivance before, whereby they might baffle pursuit, and feeling, like Mr. Sherlock Holmes, confronted with a prob lem, lie made his ' way very warily, keeping in cover of a shrubbery, to the house. He changed his clothes anil eat down to think In a state o-f pleasing exhilaration at this new in terest bo unexpectedly provided for him. Tlie lawn at the back of the house was wired, and it was therefore to be presumed that they, knowing the position of the wires, intended to enter, ana (they hoped) lo leave the house from that direc tion, thus baffling pursuit, if pursuit there were. In any case he could make them do so by barring very firmly all the windows which looked out the other ways, and this, with the help of the care taker, he proceeded to do. There were, he re membered vaguely, a 6ot of bells which were made to put on to the shutters a year ago, when burglaries in the- neighborhood had been some- what frequent, and the two together shuttered, bolted and belled all the windows which looked on to the front and the other two sides of tho home. Then, sending the. caretaker upstairs lo secure the windows in tho second story. Bob pro ceeded to the execution ol the remainder or his i"'11irccUrooms'en suite looked on to garden front —his mother's siltingroom, a smaller drawing room ill tho middle, which opened ngain into t he billiard room. In tlie billiardroom lie put up the shutters, and also' in Ms mother's sittmgroom, but without adjusting the bells on either, but in the drawingrooin between Hie two he put neither bells nor shutters, thus irresistibly suggesting to the burglars an easy place to make their . entry, in the manner in which a conjuror will force a- card on his unsuspecting victim. Tlie door also which opened on to the garden from this room lie left un locked, so that no reasonable burglar could refuse io enter. The next half hour lie spent in stretching strings and wires in a positive network over all three rooms, leaving only a clear passage from the middle drawingrooin to the small table in the billiard room where lie ate Ids meals, so that he could be served without headers or plunges, pro vided tlie server went straight, and also exempting the spot end of the billiard table, so that he could still practice for an hour after dinner. This done, he ate his chop with An- access of appetite and cheerfulness, and a pleasant sense of excitement. By 10 o'clock all the arangements of the be sieged were made. Tlie lights were already out, and Bob in the billiard room and the caretaker in his mother's sittingroom were ready to receive the burglars. They would almost certainly at tempt an entrance from" this side,' and whichever of the rooms they tried tlicy would infallibly find themselves falling frequently and heavily about. They would fall most heavily and most frequently in the centre room, where the door had been left unlocked. Here it was impossible to go a yard without tripping in a string or wire, and it had required the most careful piloting to get the care taker to his place. Bob, furthermore, had a gun nnd the caretaker several dumb bells. It was agred that at the burglar's first call Bob should challenge him with a threat to shoot; and that if he refused to remain exactly where he was on the floor, the caretaker should throw tlie dumb bells at liim. If these failed to stop him, they should be followed at Bob's discretion with a discharge of No. 12 shot. For upwards of an hour the vigil was undis turbed, but soon after 11 had sounded from the stable clock the premonition of noise, as it were, came from the lawn. Overhead a half moon was scudding, all tilted rind panic stricken, between flying rifts of cloud, and she at this critical mo ment being hidden, it was in the dimmest of half lights that a figure was silhouetted against the unlocked door. The long continued silence and darkness within had no doubt made him less cir- cuinspcct than ordinary, and the door came open with a rattle of latches. He did not pause on the threshold to open the slide of a dark lantern, but advanced with most misplaced boldness into the room. He was a toll figure of a man in a long coat, but next moment he fell heavily to the ground across the first wire. A strange unformulated qualm seized Bob. and no challenge rang out into the dim room. With a scarce stifled onth the figure rose, and .made two steps forward. Again he stretched his length along tlie uncarpeted floor with a cruel noise of knew and elbows. From Hie billiard room camo Bob s voice : "If you move I shall fire," he said. An oath, not stifled, camo from the centre of tho room as the burglar struggled to his -feet again, and a half hearted dumb boli bumped on the floor a. yard or two from him. The caretaker, iii fact, tad been seized with the same vague uneasiness, and obeyed his orders only in ihe letter, and ids aim. luckily pertaps. was but vacillating. Then came a familiar voice. "What the devil do you mean by this, Robert?" it asked. Bob lit a match, sigldng: "Oh, it's you!" he said. "I had given you up And if you hadn't come, we anight have caught a burglar, and now you've frightened them all away." Inarticulate sounds of gasping and reaching after strong words came from the centre of the room, followed by another plunge over the thiid wire. "You'd better stop where you are," said Bob, "till I've brought a light. The room is full of wires." Lord Hamcrton's coat was a plaster of mud, for both wiree on the lawn had received him. The situation wus »t flrat "teyond words, but slowly, then with greater speed, they came, as snow is uncongealcd at the breath of oauth winds. Bob's And in1 never took into con=;,i.„.,,- lcnce of my plan— (wrote !!,), t„ |j? peg. two fater); or -the fact tint lie l„,l '« « lie had not missed his train an,i cnj! , le£l || bv short cuts it imse.uon.il, ic hour, i.i J1'® tninly itavc caught a burglar. Tim" )< " !i 4 «.' 1 only caught a hither, aa it wu' ir lu;k. eren ior him, and quite spteclilVs' ii"«s could only open his mouth like i due!, ist ' a'i La I cr the words came . . I knou- ,a is considered an orator in the House 'n "v 1 newer iiteitaicil tor a word, lie d;dn' Pair." Nheij 