A WONDERFUL GLOGK. Two-thirds of the way around the worm there has travelled the strange story of a clock — the most marvellous that ever clock' maker dreamed of. This fabulous piece of mechanism, SO' weird iu conception, so infinite .in delicacy, is the property of an Indian Prince in one of the inland districts of the empire. It was the work of the vastly skilled artisans of the East,and the only white man, probably, who ever set eye* upon it was tlte English army officer who went to the palace of the nabob as bearer of messages from the English Government,andr returning to the coast, told of the marvel he had witnessed. The dial of this clock was outlined in gold upon a carved slab of some peculiar marble, and beneath it was suspended, between two uprights, a silver gong. Then a broad, flat surface of marble spread out before that, littered from end to end with minature bones and skulls, and here and there tiny silver hammers, with little round balls for heads. The bones seem to be entirely disconnected, and looked only like so much rubbish rem nants of the tiny dead. The clock stood in the dining hall where tbe ceremonious meal was being served, and as 1 o'clock drew near tbe prince called the visitor's attention to a rustling among the dry bones. With a faint clatter they began to rise and come together, a skull set itself upon the shoulder structure, and from the mass of dry bones one tiny skeleton rose complete, with a little hammer clutched in his bony fingers. He stood beside the shining gong until the minute hand pointed precisely to the hour. Then, with a quick swing, he drove the hammer against the shining surface, and a silver note, fine as a thread, burst forth and echoed away in soft cadence, among the dis tant pillars of the palace. Before its whispers ceaseu' in the stillness the little skeleton had, like the ghost of John James Christopher Benjamin Binns, ' gone down again,' and the scattered bones lay motionless once more upon the marble plain. At 2 o'clock the same ceremony was gone through with, save that this time two figures rose from out of the heap of bones and each struck one sturdy stroke. As the boars went on the wonders grew. Tlie dancers and musicians came, and the feast continued in East Indian splendour. But hour after hour of revelry was registered by the uprising of one more of the dead, to beat into tbe understanding of the revellers the solemn message that another hour bad died out of human life and vanished into, human history. At midnight when the whole twel re had struck the resonant silver and told out to its finish tbe story of an idle day, the feasting fled and darkness enwrapped the clock and its mystery. Of its history, of its well- nigh magical workings, its proud owner would say nothing. 