Answers to Corres pondents. By 'Gossip.' pt 1» sot always possible to answer communications under this heading in the issue following receipt »od sometimes several isBnei appear belore we arc able to do so.l Caledonian. — A letter came for you from Young, and I kept it here for a day or two and then sent it on to the station. I hope you got it all right. S.A.S. — Your Btory is all right, and is filed for publication. You are all right for a storyteller, but your climax was weak. I altered a word to make it more effective. Let's hope we'll find room for it directly. Melody.— Your story ('A Tale of Out Back') has been filed for publication. It has been 'filed' so long that I forgot about it. But — I'm hoping now. Clan Chattan.— I had forgotten you, and I expect ' Smoko ' had, too. I know a couple of people who want tutors, but Fin afraid they want my endorsement. I've never see you, have I ? I think I'll send you their addresses, and let you write to them on your own. That's the ticket. I'm glad that you get ' sympathy and advice' in the ' Answers ' column of our paper, but we three who do them are just clay chaps like yourself, and we talk to the people who write to us as to friends. It's pleasant to feel that other people get comfort as well as the ones they are specially written to. M.M.C. — Thanks for your pleasant little chat about bushrangers. Ab to the ' Monsoon,' it's all in type, and been oorrected, and is just about ready for binding. It will be out before Easter, and Easter is April 15. It will be ready this month. ' 1b that wet ? ' ' Is that dry ? ' You know the rest. It's been a fearful long time in coming, but it's fairly here now. Gikl from Snowy Rivek. — We got a ' Slock Journal'' returned from jour addiesE, so you know it isn't our fault that you didn't get it. 905\. — We have tried for that song, ' The River of Years/' and have been uuable to get it. What is to be doue V A.S. — Where is that poem of Gerald Maseey's, ' Last of the Lion's Tail ' ? Is it copyrigh' ': I'm willing to do anything ; but. mat;. I'm not. able f.o fie** evervthinv. Send it along. Fakmeu and Sk'itlek. — I'm glad you sent a ni'7/i tic plutm: It leaves me ui liberty to talk. I'll come in May and have my little say, and I'm going out preaching all over the shop. The text will be, as old Oliver Wendell Holmes has it — ' This is the new worlds gospel : Be ye men ! Try well the legends '.-f the children's time ; Ye are ihe chosen people.' It set ins u bit odd for me to take to the platform, but it had to come. I've always hud the feeliug it would. A year or two ago a man sent me 20s towards an 'organis- ation fund' Another sent me 5s. I didn't want it then, to I opened u. bunk account iu the rVot Oiiice, and it's there now and will come in useful ! We were going to Paris this year, and I didn't want to say too much, as I wasn't going to be here. Now that I'm not g'jiug to see the ' Abtiiithe Miiided Beggars,' 1 can mind my own bu.-ir.eiis uml help along the wurk of organis ation. Your idea of paying uiy railway fare an! hotel expenses is the right one. J!)l go no mom mi the nod, because I've bei-n had once. Hut 1 must take a column aid talk out-lhe plan. I'll be with you on Wednesday, May 9. That?« the Werineeday before full mouu. But you can let nv know if there i.ie any diUereut aiTuu^eiiimts. W.S. You would see, in our last issue that u- fouud a. reply to your ijuery. Jt seemeil I - me that there was no nti.d to publii-i) - our litter and tlie reply in the same piper. 171 be glaii to hear your oyiisim: 'U 'he Bubjeut. 1.0 I.' — I'm glad you adoptid a name, even sucli a nuine us thal, ' .Little hits of p. per .signed with ' I -). 11.' lir.njt 0 e gentle Christian ever closer to the My ii-./iiljhb ! 1 hav-. n't seen ihat chap yet, hul J i.'.-.p.ct hid head lias «w eile-i ! lie got so iiuur replies. This journal is getting il.s nume- up fast, us an advei (.icing medium ! Myliiiid xi. II I swell nexi. I've had two men in tl.is morning who got jobs through us, and I've got several more just about completion, so that showB that the ' Stock Journal ' is booming, eh ? I'll correct that cooler ! I don't think your ad. lias the ghost of a show of getting anBwerod. If it does, I'll give you n good Karacthor, but nobody's going to pay for that now, when labor is so scarce. At leaBt I think so. J.D.R — We've sent you the 12th edition of Bacon's map of the Transvaal War, but it hasn't nil the places in. You eee, we learn our geography through war ! When a piper gets shot at Dargai, we learn where Oargai \t't When one of our boys gctB killed at Mngersfontein, we hear of that place for the first, time. If you want a correct map of the Beat of war, you'll have to wait till the war is over — see ? But Bacon's is the best up to date. .l.D.R. — Was is you sent the letter about the anthrax ? It doesn't matter, anyhow. I sent it on to ' Medico,' and I expect he will reply to it. I don't know how a doctor looks at things like that. He may say, ' I'm not an anthrax man ; go to McGarvie Smith and Gunn.' When you write to an editor, it's different. He knows everything — thavs what I like about an editor ! There ought to be some form ot treatment prescribed for anthrax — a kind of ' first aid, and I hope that ' Medico '' will prescribe. R.B. — I think that man will suit you down to the ground ; he's juet such another Bober-sides rb J.C., only younger, and I think he'll fit to a T. Y. and an epigrafy. Adopted Child.— It was very gratifying to find that several of oar readers wanted to adopt that little-nine-year old. The lady who has her may not reply to all who wrote, but you'll take this, won't you, aa an answer, if you don't hear further ? A Chance for Charity. — Gentlemen, we had a paragraph in recently asking Bomebody to give one of life's failures a chance. He's got one I A good man has taken him on, and I hope he'll succeed. Thanks for the kindly offers to give him a show. You're the best people I ever came across. Asciest. — All right, I'll take that job in hand, and sub-edit that story. You'll make nothing out of it, of course, except glory, and I'll make nothing out of it except graft, but we'll give it a trial. Shall I use your name, or yonr pseudonym aa the author ? It won't be ready for some time yet, so yon can let me know what yon think. Yon are one of the great army that has been rained by the foolish laws and the big droughts. I wish I could help you. We are a foolish, foolish race. C.S. — I don't doubt but what you are all you say you are, but I can't recommend yon to a job. If I know a man, and think ne'e a good man, I'll speak np for him ; but yon should be able to see that I'd be a fool to recommend a man I never saw. If the bush will believe that I'm honest I'll do well, bnt if I introduced as a good man a man I never saw, where would I be ? Where woald I deserve to be ? 