AUSTRALIAN PRODUCE. [From our Speci&l; Correspondent.] JftNDON, December 1, To the great majority of the Queen's Aibjeots Tooley-street is unknown, except is the alleged place of abode of the trinity »f tailors "who on a memorable occasion described themselves as "We, the people of England." As a matter of fact, how ever. in modern times it has far more legi timate claims to' distinction, for it is one of the leading centres of two or three im portant branches of the provisioning trade. Time and again. I had been told that if ono wanted to become initiated into the myste ries of the butter busipess' Tooley-street was the place to go to, and the other day I made a pilgrimage thither. So far as appearance goes the thoroughfare lias no thing to. recommend it, for it is situated in that dingy part of London which bor ders upon the Thames on the Surrey side of London Bridge. Passing along it, how- , ever, one recognises the names of firms which 'have a world-wide reputation at 1 dealers in dairy produce. At the doors of these establishments stand the merchants, j ever on the watch for customers. They ] pounce upon all and sundry, venturing! nea" those who can be mistaken for j buyers, and are ever ready to exhibit their wares in the hope of making a deal. A story is told of one stranger, who, hap pening to be in the neighbourhood, was captured by a salesman. He submitted goodnaturedly to the ordeal of being shown sample after sample of butter, au-.l when finally asked for an order remarked "1 am not in the trade myself, but if yon can let me have a pound of your best I will take it." For my purposes it was quite enc,ugh to make the acquaintance o£ two or three of the leading men, and presently 1 was attracted b> the sign of "Ebdy and Co." The principals, on my making myself known to them, received me very gracious ly, and readily answered my questions. I learned that they were connectcd with Mr. Ebdy, of Adelaide, and that they were j in the habit of receiving from South Aus tralia limited supplies of butter, larger fimntities of lambs, and consignments o: other articles of produce, but that they were also in commercial relations with the Australasian Colonies in general. As to the South Australian butter, it was made clear to nic in conversations with Tooley-street merchants that one of the drawbacks is that the shipments are not sufficiently large or regular to create a steady sale. Another disadvantage is the number of brands. In a little lc/t of two or three hundred cast;.-; there will probably be the marks of at len^t half a dozen makers, and this is not n recommendation to wholesale purchasers, who prefer the New Zealand and Victorian system of grading. "What about Ulie condition of the mar ket?" 1 asked. "There was a heavy fall a week or two ago, but things fiaave looked up a little since." "The price stands at 106s. fC|t' best Aus tralian. does it not?" "Well, as much as 106s. is obtained for a very special brand of Victorian, which is ail taken by one buyer in the country, but Weddell & Co.'s list, which can be depend ed upon, gives the quotation for choicest Australian at from 100s. to 104s.; that, how ever. is not the price obtained for Soutih Australian. For that a lower rate has to be accepted, and it cannot be very remune rative. Six weeks ago the prospects were excellent and prices very high. The ex ceptionally dry season in England had led to the impression that there would be a f-earcity, but the quotations attracted but ler from all directions. A large quantitv,' for insUnee, is coming frc.ni Ireland, and mites have dropped considerably." "What about the 'fishiness' that is spa krn of?" ' We:l, is a very marked defect in some butter, not only from South Australia, bu.-. from other colonies. There is a sort of ran rid flavour, how caused we cannot say," but, of course, it spoils the standard. Four cases of perfectly 60und and well-flavoured but-' ler may be sampled before there is one of the 'fishy' article, but tihat daimages the sale, and perhaps the whole lot has to be disposed of at between 70s. and 80s. aewt. for confectionery purposes." "Is there no way of getting rid of the fi shin ess, by washing the butter or other wise ?" "Nothing of the sort seems to be effec tive." "Have you followed the proceedings of the Departmental Committee in the matte* of the use of preservatives?" "There is such a conflict of opinion among so-called expert witnesses that one i-annot attach much importance to the evi dence. It is impossible to say from the taste whether J per cent, or ? per cent, or any particular quantity of boraric acid is used." Before leaving Tooley-street I tried to get fj'o;n the merchants iirterested a hopeful pronouncement on the subject of the pros pects for Australian lambs, but those from whom I sought information were not to be drawn. It was evident that they hud made very little (headway with the sale of this description of produce, and that they were at sea as to the future. Subsequent en quiries in other quarters led to no very satisfactory result. Mr. Burney Young tills me that he lias been able to effect a ft w sales at from Sfd ito 4d. per il)., and Messrs. O. & R. Wills & Co. have also se cured buyers on a eonaM scale at similar rates. No brisk demand, 'however, has yet sprung up, and most of those which have arrived have been stored. Advices from Soudi Australia indicate that large addi tional quantities are. on the way, and this fact renders it all iihe more regrettable that the market should be so persistently de pressed. 'The fact that the s.s. Himalaya has on board half a million eggs from Australia has been brought under the notice of the British public. The shipment will arrive at a very bad time for exporters, as good eggs are everywhere obtainable by retail at Is. a dozen. It is stated that if tJne trial con signement from the Antipodes proves pro fitable regular supplies will be sent, but if shippers judge from this experiment bhey arc not likely to persevere with their ven ture. Some time ago I mentioned that trial shipments of Canadian peara and peaches had been placed upon the London mar ket, and had been very favourably report ed upon by dealers and consumers. It now appears that the Dominion Produce Exi>ort Department is making arrange ments for sending over to this country regular consignments of grapes. These are to arrive during the autumn and early win ter, and will prove a very acceptable addi tion to the fresh fruit supplies of the mother country. A test lot of grapes brought, in the cool chambers of one of the swift liners has lately been on show at Manchester, asid the quality of the article lias received high commendation from com petent judges, who vouch for its superiority to ftfce Almerias from Spain, which arrive packed in cork dust, and have hithento been the principal 6tandby of British grape purchasers at this time of the year. The Departmental Committee on preser vatives and colouring matter in dairy pro duce is still pursuing its investigations. On Saturday Dr. A. Hill, the Medical Officer of Health for Birmingham, brought forward as an awful example of the injurious effect of boracic acid the ease of a luckless kit ten, which, after being fed regularly for six weeks on milk containing no more and no less of the drug than was ordinarily Tiled, gave up the ghost. He further stat ed that out of 1,537 samples of milk w!bich had been analyzed in the Midland capital 145 or 9 per cent, had been doctored with the preservative, but added that the prac tice was becoming common of substituting for boracie acid a substance known as formaldehyde, which was mucJh more per nicious, seeing that it hardened the al buminous matters and made them much more difficult of digestion. [Our London telegrams announce that a conviction has been recorded for employing boracic acid for preservative purposes.-Ed.] From the Manager of the^ South Austra lian Depot 1 have the gratifying informa tion that fresh enquiries have been reach ing him from several promising quarters re garding the higher qualities of South Aus tralian wine. Some of the applications for information have been quite spontaneous, anrl there is every likelihood of their lead ing to business. Indeed, Messrs. Hedges and Butler-well-known West-End wine merchants, who hitherto have not sold a bottle of the produce of Australian vine yards-have already undertaken to give at tention to the sale of Depot wines. 