Wingham. [FBOX OVB CORRESPONDENT. 1 Oct. 11. The visit of the 'black Governors' to the Upper Manning has caused more fear and consternation than joy, although no pains were spared by the in habitants of that locality to give them a hearty welcome in the shape of medals of lead, but the ' Governors' meekness prevented them from accept ing Buch donations, and unlike their white brother Governors, with all their pomp, position, robes, and ? glory, they chose to take a lower seat — hence their unexpected visit to the most unostentatious localities In our district, ana their ghost- like departure. I trust the dav is not far distant (and 1 hope without more innocent blood being spilt), when these murder ous villains will have more lead pumped into them than Mark Twain's proverbial ' jumping frog.' Since we first heard of their presence in our neighourhood, the most fabulous stories have been circulated about them being in various ports, and their tracks seen, but it is quite evident, when you come to consider the whole matter, that all that was known of them was that they stack up Mr. Hanney's house, on the Little Dingo. Since then nothing anthentio has been seen or heard of them, or their traces. To-day we hear that they Btuck up Mr. Cooper's house, on Doyle's Creek, at the head of the Hastings,1 a most likely place for them. I was speaking to a gentleman last night who had followed the fugitive blacks from Breelong at his own expense, and who intended still to follow them — and he was of the opinion that unless accidentally coming on them at night, the chance of getting them was very small. A friend of bis, who had also come from the same totality, was of the opinion that in twenty years' time two grey-headed outlawed blackfellows would he still in the boBh, followed up by twenty, bald headed policemen, judging from the success that all the police and civilians have met with since these aesperaaoes nave been out. xnat opinion is as feasible as any other. The weather we are experiencing here is beautiful and refreshing just now, and everything looks green and pleasant after the recent showers. The grass, though not long, is growing, and the stock are picking up. The demand for Dr. Kelly was so great this week, I am informed, that since Monday that gentleman has not had three hours' sleep. To-day, on his retain from a visit to a patient, the doctor was called away again to attend a child of Mr. James Yarnold, who issaid to be seriously ill. During the ' Governor' scare in Wingham, if it had not been that Constable Doucett was a thought ful and level-headed police officer, he would not only have been run off his legs, hut worried into a lunatic asylum, if he had listened to all the ' cock and bull yarns' that were reported to him abont the Bree longs. He evidently understands hysteria. 