Mary Elwyn's Secret, 73 Y ALAN ST. AUBYN (Author of "A Fellow of Trinity," &c.;). COPYRIGHT. PART II.— CHAPTER III. The morning nfter old Brown's foolish triumph Mr. Elwyn oame over to the rec tory, and asked to see him for a few min utes alone. He had come over to ask for the amount of his first quarter's stipend — which was not due for another month. He was called up to town on business, he explained, and he had not yet received his remittances from albroad. Brown did not receive his tithes in ad vance; he did not, in fact, receive them for months after they fell due; neverthe less, -lie managed to let Mr. Elwyn, who was profuse in his 'thanks, have the money." "It is very strange for such a rich man to be so hard up for money," the rector's wife remarked rather sharply when he told her tiie object of Mr. Elwyn's visit. "My dear," Brown said in a tone of mild re proof, "we are all liable to run out of ready money. Mr. Elwyn has had a great many calls upon 'him lately, in settling in a new house." "Ho has not paid them if he has," said his wife severely. "He is in debt all over the village already." "He is going up to town on business, my dear; probably to receive his remittances," Brown suggested mildly. He always put the best construction On things. ' Whatever Hie busines3'was that took the curate up to town, 'he took a packing ease of considerable dimensions, in addition to hir portmanteau, up with him. Tlie rctor liad been paying a visit at the further end of the parish, on the road to Beeston Junction, and as he stood at the door of t'lie .cottage, the Fawley carriage, 'with the big packing case on top, drove by. Mr. Elwyn'- returned from town in time for duty the' following Sunday — lie left the packing ease behind. Brown observed — and his "Aniens" were more impressive than ever. The rector and his wife went to no more dinner parties at the Court. His intercourse with his wealthy curate's family was re stricted henceforth to tennis parties, and oc casional afternoon tea. Mrs. Elwyn had a nervous, constrained manner. She did not get on at all with the rector's wife; she never seemed quite at ease amid her new surroundings. "I'm sure her husband is a perfect Blue beard," Mrs. Brown remarked one day when she hnd been calling at the Court, "I never saw a woman so absolutely fright ened of a man in my life. I am certain there is a cupboard with an ugly secret in it in that bouse, and that poor broken- spirited creature lias got tiie key. By the way, Bob, those blue vases you were. talk ing about are not on the mantelpiece of the drawingroom." "I should think not," the rector answer ed. "Elwyn, if he is a wise man, has locked tliom away. I should be very sorry to have them on my mantelpiece. Those careless servants of his might break them any day." Mr. Elwyn did not give his servants the opportunity of breaking the beautiful old china belonging to Fawley Court. He bad it all locked away, he explained to Brown the next time he called, and was looking round the room as if he missed something. He had put it all away in a place of safe ty, directly he was aware of its value. Even the china in the cabinets he had removed, and stored away with the rest, and some trumpery ornaments of no value were put in its place. The rector did not care to visit the dis mantled room when all his old friends were gone. There was a. teapot, in a corner, which Mr. Elwyn, -he noticed one day he called, had overlooked. A 'delightful old Worces ter teapot, and he greeted it with a little nod of recognition. "Is it of any value?" Mr. Ehvyn asked, following the direction of his eyes. Brown hesitated a moment. He didn't want it to be put away, out of sight with the rest. "It is Worcester," he said. "Old?" "Y — c — s; decidedly old." The next time he went to the Court the teapot was gone. Mr. Elwyn, as we have before remarked, whs not good at visiting, but his daughter made up for it. She was very active in the parish, and did a grea't deal of work in the schools; and she was an unwearied sick visitor. The Rector used to call her his lay curate; ft seemed to liirn tliii't M-ary Elwyn could never do enough in the parish. It would have been unkind 'to say that, she was not really fond of the work, that she did it under constraint, ai'tiMfed by some con scientious motive. The Rector would not h'ave sa'id it for the World, but lie had his own opinion; he could not have believed t-ha't a mere sense of duty Would have urged a girl to such unremitting labor. Hut the strange tiling about it was that she did not seem to get any encouragement at home. Her father used to speak of her as "my Quixotic daughter"; and Mrs. Ehvyn seem ed uneasy and distressed adieu any reference was made to Mary's labors in the parish. ''she will make a capital clergyman's wife," the Rector suid to her father one day, when tlhey . happened to come across Mary in the village. . The Cura'te smiled, and looked after his daughter's retreating figure. "I don't think Mary will many a clergyman," he said, sig nificantly. "She will probably go to India." And When lie -told Brown that a son of one of Ms county neighbors, who hnd re cently returned from India on leave, had asked his permission to pay his addresses to his daughter. "And you?" BrOwn inquired hastily. He knew the young man well, and could not have wished h'im a bdttcr wife. "I? Oh, I gave htm permission to bake his chance. It would be a very good match for Mary— and she would go to India." Brown repeated this conversation to liis Wife directly he got home. She smiled and shook her head, "l't is not going to work iu the usual Way," Brown remarked. "I suppose times Wave changed arnce I went coui'ting. I know I asked you first, Jenny, ttnd your father after." Mrs. Brown smiled and sighed, as she recalled those far-off day3, and an unac countable moisture gathered in her kind blue eyes. She had never regretted the promise she made to her father's curate so long ago. Her eyes had. not shed many tears since that never-to-be-forgotten day, and old Brown got up hastily from his chair, and kissed away the tear before .it had time to fall, and his wife of 40 years blushed like a girl again. "He had asked Mary first, Bob, and she had refused 'him — and — and she loves him, dearly;" Mrs. Brown said with a little catch in her voice. She bad nolt refused Brown when he uskdd her so long ago; sJlie had touched no spring of far-off anonrory to cause 'that sus picious catch in her voice. "Why did she refuse hiin?" he asked bluntly. "0, Bob, you are so matter of fact— a girl's a girl " "And doesn't know her own mind?" "Yes, Mary Elwyn knows her own mind," his wife said sadly. She was very fond of the girl, and they had been thrown a good deal together lu-tcly in their parish work, but he did not know she was- Mary Elwyn's confidante." "She is very fond of Kenneth Forbes. She could not help being -fond of him; he is a splendid fellow! But she has some reason of her own, I am sure an honorable Vine, for refusing him. I'm afraid it's con nected with that dreadful Blue-beard cup board." "It was scarcely, the thing for Forbes to go to her father/after the girl refused liim." "0, yes it was, under the circumstances; I mu to blame if any one is," Mrs. Brown said hastily. "I knew Mary loved him, and it was an excellent match for her, and I told him to go." "You, O, Jenny!" The Reetor was not at all surprised, af ter this confession of his wife's, to hear it formally announced that Mary Elwyn was engaged Ito marry Kenneth Forbes, but lie could not understand the girl looking so unhappy, when Hie offers! her his congratu lations. He was sure that She had 'accepted lior lover unwillingly, that she had been co erced into the engagement, and. he told bis wife so when he got home. "I am afraid she Bias," she admitted rather reluctantly, "but you see, Bob, it mill-lie the beslt thing for her. I know she loves him— and it will he a very good match— and she 'will go bo India—" And dhe will go to India! "That is exactly what her father aaid.-us if going to Indin, for a girt, were equivalent to. well, going to heaven!" "lit wouldn't be to most girls, Bob, but it would be to alary, poor girl! It would bo going away from that uncongenial home- it would be leaving behind her that dread ful Blue- beard cupboard." The engagement was to be a very short one; Kenneth Foibes's leave was nearly ex pired, and preparations for the' wedding were hurnicd on. The trousseau was' on a' most 'liberal scale. Its .magnificence furjex- ccaded anything that Hie Rector's wife had over seen; dlie could not help smiling as she compared it with her own 'humble trousseau, that -had done such splendid duty through till these forty years. There was some of i't in existence still. In spite of all these grand preparations,' tllie bride-elect went about the village with a white frightened face, looking sadder and sadder as the wedding day approadlied. She did not scorn to take I'he slightest interest in her beautiful tilings; she hated 'to talk about them. Mrs. Brown was in Ihc house when the wedding dress came home, and the dress maker from a neighboring town came over with lit. It required a great deal of per suasion to induce Mar)' 'to put on the dreaded garment, and when she had got it on, and was crowned with the wreath and veil, and her mother led her before the glass, to see the effect, -instead of blushing, and smiling back at the lovely image re- fleeted in lit, as a krido-eleet is supposed to do, she turned oiwav from it with a shudder, and broke down in an hysterical fit of weep ing. There was nothing to be done hut to drag off t'lio wedding finery and put every body out of Ifihc room as quickly as possible. Hysterical people say such ridiculous things; ft is never safe to let strangers listen to their ravings. Quickly as Sirs. Brown had been hurried away, she caught a few incoherent, words that Hie girl poured out in her frenzy. She was imploring Kenneth Forbes to release her from her engagement, and Mrs. Brown caught, or thought she caught, some wild words about bringing sorrow and sliame upon him. She imadc up her mind as she hurried home, a little upset and flustered at this unexpected 'termination of her visit, that she wouldn't say a word 'bo her husband about wha't she had overheard; he wouldn't understand thnt it was merely the nonsense of an hysterical girl; ho would attach some serious .importance to it. Besides, what could "sorrow" and "shame" have to do with Mary Elwyn? Mrs. Brown was uneasy about the girl all day: Hie had an idea that she was bullied at home, bullied and sat upon; but she couldn't understand wliy she should break down, and utter all that nonsense when she put on her wedding gown. It ought to have been a supreme moment. It is a supreme moment to most girls. After lea she went up to the Court to in quire after Mary Elwyn. It was a lovely June evening, and she took the short cut across the fields and through the shrub bery, instead of going by the road and through itlie 'lodge gates, as she was accus tomed to do when she made a formal call. She reached 'Hie middle of the shrubbery, which at tin's time of the year was densely wooded; the trees were in full leaf, and there was u thick undergrowth of fern ; the place had been neglected and let .rim wild during the Squire's absence, and noth ing had been done to it since Air. Elwyn came. Mrs. Brown had to push 'the boughs aside to pass, and the undergrowth was so thick and tangled with fern and brambles that she missed the path. She was turning back to retrace her steps, when the sound of voices arrested lier. The voices were quite near, within a few yards, but .the speakers were hidden from her by & Hi'ick spreading hedge of yew ; she knew the voices in a moment. It was Alary Elwyn and her lover. The girl was speaking in an agitated voice: she was begging Kenneth to release her from her engagement, to put off the wed ding. "My darling," he was saying, "how can you ask sueli a thing? Is ft possible, after all, that you dq hot love me, Alary?" There was an ache in the manly voice that Airs. Brown could not help, catching, and the girl was weeping. It was dreadfully em barrassing for Hie Rector's wife; she did noit know whether to make her presence known, or to stenl silently away. While she was still hesitating the voices drew nearer; she could have touched the speaker if the hedge had wort been between 'them. "It is not f'h'iVt, Kenneth," (Mary whs saying; "oil, if you only knew! I cannot tell you the reason now; you will know the reason some day — why I wish the wedding put off. AInny people put off their weddings at the last moment— it is no unusual thing. I want to go to iny father and toll him you wish to put it off— for— for the present — for a year at least " "You want me to go .back to India with out you?" the young man said reproachfully. 'I-Itow can yiou ask me such a thing, Alary?" "Because. I love 'you, Kenneth; if I did not love you I' would mot ask ' this' of you," sbesaid earnestly. "Oil, believe me, this is no wliinv no caprice of . mine — there is a reason— a good reason" the girl shivered as she spoke, shc. could- not. keep her voice steady. -. 1 "Can you- not tell me. the reason— can you not trust- me;. Alary?" .lie- said hoarsely: "There Rhould be no. secrets between us." ; "It is lro't my secret," she said, with a moan. "Believe me, it, is not my secret, .Kenneth; it is not mine to tell. -I can only aide you Ito trust sue — — " . She-was wringing her hands and weeping, ancl her lover was bending over her. Airs.' Brown could not have stirred an. inch if she would. She stood rooted to the spot. . "If it is not your secret, I will not ask you to tell it," he said gravely. "And— and — of course I . will trust you!. I am not going to let this secret of . someone else's come between us, and spoil our lives. It is because I love you, Alary— love you— and trust you— that I am going to carry you away from this place, and we will leave the secret behind us. I.swear to you, whatever it may be,. it shall never come between -my love and you!" Airs. Brown - could 'not - hear., what Mary answered; perhaps she made no further re sistance: the footsteps of. the lovers re treated in the direction of the house, and she crept' back through the tangled path by the' way she came. She did not go up to the Court to make inquiries: she liad learnt all slie came to know: no. not all: sl.e lmd not learned Alary Elwyn's secret.' It was quite preposterous, she told her self, for the girl to expect her lover to give her up. What man in his senses, who loved a girl, would give lier up, because she could not share with him a secret that was not her own to tell? CHAPTER IV. Alary Elwyn was not well enough to take her place ill the Sunday school the following morning, which happened to lie a Sunday, and she did not come to church during the day. lier bauns were called for Hie third time that day, and the wedding was to take place early in the week. When Air. Elwyn came back that night from taking the Sunday evening duty at Rose Ash, lie found his household thrown into confusion. Atary had run away. It was all over the village the next morn ing. She had left lier home while the fam ily were at church 111 the morning, and had not since returned. She liad been seen hur rying along the road in the direction of Bceston Junction, and the station master there remembered a lady answering her de scription taking a ticket by the afternoon mail for a station some thirty miles distant, and there all traces of her eeased. Airs. Brown went over to the Court at once, directly she heard the news, to see Airs. Elwyn, but slie only saw her maid, who said her mistress was too ill to see any one; and consequently she came home very, hot and angry. "I believe that Bluebeard cupboard is at the bottom of it," she said to her Aiusband with quite unusual warmth. "The poor girl has not run away from her lover; she has run away from some cruel family secret that she could bear no longer." Air. Elwyn bore liis daughter's disappear ance more calmly than anyone would have supposed. "Alary was always self-willed," he explained, "and "he was averse to the marriage from the first. There was a. pre vious attachment, which we hoped she had got over. She has been very unhappy since her engagement to -poor Forbes, fretting, 1 ill afraid, for her old loveiy and she has gone away to escape marrying a man she does not love." . ; . hJiiis was all the explanation that' was ever gt\ en of. Alary Elwyn's sudden disappear ance; and there were no efforts made to fol low her. She had found an asylum; it was stated, with a distant relative of her mother's; It was not the plaee of the bride groom elect to -follow his recalcitrant bride when this story of the former lover got about, so Forbes packed up his tilings and went to India a week earlier than he £iad in tended. But before he went he came to say goad- bye to Mrs. Brown, who had stood bis mend all through the piece. Hon't you believe that cruel story about an old lover," she said to him at parting. 'Alary has a cause for uniiappiness that we know nothing about. (toe is the best and truest girl in the world. She has gone away because she loves you." It was not many weeks after Alary El wyn's disappearance that business called the Rector up to town, and on the way, at Bee- ston Junction, lie met liis curate, who was going up by Hie same train. Air. Elwyn had his son with him, a lad of 14, and be tween them tiiey were carrying across tho rails a big black portmanteau. There were plenty of porters about the station, and one of them came up to him and offered to cany the bag; but lie sent tiie man off with a bun- YPS> wllieh werc no weight at all. The tog was evidently heavy; the la'd, i heW «f Hie handles, tottered bc- neatjli the avedght, and Stopped hi the middle of the hue to resit. Bi-oiwn hurried across the rails to offer his assistance, and as ho came up to him unexpectedly in the perman ent way, Air. Etwyn started back in affright, as if lie had seen a ghost, and dropped the tog on the line. ."' never saw a man so panic-stricken in my. .life,". Brown told his wife, when repeat ing the incident to her later on. "Ldt me help you," said Brown: good .na'tirrddly, inhere was no .time for further greetings for-, (the train was' in eight, and every one was shwu'bmg to thorn froim the pttiitltorm to. laok out. , "No, no, ittoank you." Air. Elwyn said Ifiiitt'Iedly, "we can manage' it very well. Came along, Ailfhur." Brown pushed the .boy aside, there was nolt a Minute to lose, anil totok hold of the handle of llllie bag. But llie was net at all prepared for its weight; he fairly staered under it, and when he reached the platform, and the train rushed by, the perspiration stood out iu great ibehds on his forehead. " Whatever could liliU't bag contain?" Brawn asked himself that question all the way up to London. There .were few- tilings of that bulk that could weigh so heavily; only metal, indeed. Wa's Elwyn returning 'the wedding pre sents? He liad not came back bv 'the end of the week, and on the Saturday evening, quite late, a ldtter whs sent to the Reatory, from Ills wife, abking Brown to fill her husband's place tlhc nesft day, as lie whs unexpectedly detained in town. A fdiv days later, white Air. Elwyn still delayed his rdtmn, news reached the Rec tory that Sir Giles Fawley and his family were earning home. They h'ad gone abroad far several ydars, 'and they were coming (back quite unexpectedly. The curate would have to look out for another house, and another cure — for, if tho truth must be told, u uiamiw uuu ui mm beeii in Bmvn's.niind for some Ume past. He could not reconcile those fine "Aniens" and the stinting sermons with a general reluctance on the part of Air. El wyn to pay liis debts, which had been made painfully evident since the abandoned wed ding. But a few days later, more startling news reached the rectory; the bailiffs were at the court. The news spread like wildfire through the village, and every little tradesman in the place crowded up to the great house with his hill. Air. Elwyn had nolt returned, and his wife was oonfmed to lier room. The poor woman was too terrified and overwhelmed with this calamity to see anyone. She wrote a very piteous note to Brown, begging liim to let her have a few pounds, as her husband had left her without any money in the house. lie had only paid Elwyn his quarterly sti pend a few days before he went away, lint he sent the po'or woman a £5 note, and begged her to communicate with her hus band immediately. No doubt she did so, for tlie next thing he heard was that she and the children had gone away. The bailiffs had stopped the luggage, -but tliey had lot the weeping wbmnn and her children- go. The -luggage 'left behind wa3 all that really belonged to Mr. Ehvyn. The furni ture — and -Hie plate — and -the china, the beautiful old cliina — belonged to tlie squire. ' Brown telegraphed at once to Sir Giles's lawyer in town to conie down without de lay.. He came down by the next train. Brown never could be persuaded to tell the sequel of the miserable story. It is best .told briefly. -When Sir Giles's -lawyer went through the house, the plate Safe — the lock of which had been foroed — was found empty! And all the beautiful old China was gone! Brawn's wretched egotistical story had aroused the miserable man's greed; his wife had read aright the revelation of the cupid ity it had awakened in his glittering eyes aright. Tiie humiliation of poor Brown during that terrible time was dreadful! His wife declared that he wenit grey in a week. No wonder! It was he who had brought Mr. Elwyn into Bcoston-Royal. ft wa3 he who gave liis old friend, Sir Giles, confi dence to let his family plaee, with its price less heirlooms, to his wealthy curate; aud it was he who helped hiin to carry them away! The bag that Brown bad assisted to carry at the risk of his life, and with the sweat of his brow, contained his old friend's family ' plate! There was very little left "for the bailiffs ' to distrain upon. Tlie poor girl's trousseau— . ,a collection of M.A. hoods of different Uni versities — and some volumes of printed ser mons by eminent divines. Brown looked through these by accident, and recognised many of tlie affecting. discourses that had been preached from his pulpit. A warrant was issued for Elwyn s appre- ' hensdon; but lie had already left the coun try a Week before tlie miserable denoue- Le't the curtain fall. The actors have all, .like .. Muefbetlh's wifct'hes, suddenly diaip- . peaTcd— ' The- earth .hath bubbles, as the water lias, Aud- -they are of them — Whither are thoy van- iihtd? > > ' But they were not all "bubbles. Months after, Mrs. Brown heard by accident that Mary Ehvyn was employed as a nurse -in a London hospital. Of course she found her out without delay — and of course she wrote to the lover that she had run away from in that unreasonable — she always insists upon calling it, that honorable— way, and told him her story, and the story of that Blue- . beard cupboard, of which the unhappy girl had the key. The days of Quixotism are not quite over. Kenneth "Forties came home from India on leave the following year; and this time he took a wife hack with him. "You were quite right," -he wrote to Mrs. , Brown on the eve of the wedding, "If Mary loved me she had no alternative but to run away." The End. 