THE MAGI GCAMEO; OR, Olifford Faxton's Mascot. BY Mae G.. Sr.ooox Authoress of "The Maaked Bridal, 'The Little Marplot," &c.;) CHAPTER XXXV. Imnaediately after Mr. Heatherford's removal to the Lamonti mansion, 31l1 lie resolved to make one more desper ate effort for his recovery, and to spare no expense to put him under the most noted specialist for diseases of the brain that could be secured. After making diligent inquiries she decided to send for Dr. -- of New York, to come to Washington, and diagoniso her fathers case. The great man came, but, after a careful and protracted examina tion pronounced the verdict fatal. which she so dreaded to hear. "Miss Hieather ford, it pains me deeply to have totell you that there is not the slightest ray of hope, as far as I can see,' he said, and then lapsed into a learned descrip tion of the patient's condition, describ ing the state of the brain, the probable progress of the disease, and its inevi table termination, while Mollie felt as if she would herself become distract ed before he conoluded his terrible picture. Oh! ' she cried at last, "then lie must live on like this indefinitely, growing gradually hore and more help less! He is never to know anything more of life, never even give me, his only child, one fond word or look of recognition! How can I bear it?" "s'ay near young iady, it is.hard, 1 know, ' said the pnysicain inuly, and uceply touches by the tearless grief, "and were It in my power to give you the least encouragement, I. sould be more than glad to do so. 1 have given you my opinion of the case as it appears to me." ne went on after a moment of deep nonght , 'but if it would comlorl you any to make one more trial, I will suggest that a noted Paris specialist, swho is in this country, be called to ex- I amine Mr. lieathertord. There is no higher in the world that I know of." d3olic grasped eagerly at this straw and the h:ghest autnonty in the world -the great Paris doctor, was sent for tie came and went; but he left be hinu him only bitter disappointment hope, was utterly prostrated tor a time eand a sentence of doom. Poor Mlohie, who had hoped against hope, was utterly prostrated for a time in view of thits ultmatum. She shut 'herself . into her room to meet this terrible blow and fight her battie out where no eye could witness her anguish. Oh,! where is God?:'"she moaned. Why does no create only to des troy: Can an Omnipotent and loving Father see His chiloren smitten and turn a deaf ear to their entreaties for help? Oh, what a .mystery is lie!- the word is but a mockery, for if life was real-if it were actual existence, it could not be subject to death or decay. There is sometnng wrong with this mortal, material world; the longer I lroe in it the more I seem to become entangled in the web of these' perplex ing problems- there seems to be no satisactory solution to them. She had never been so rebellious in view of her lather's condition as now, when once more there was abundant means to meet their every want of life. Theo fate to which he had been doomed by the verdict of the doctors seemed absolutely unbearable, and she cried aloud in her anguish. She was nearly worn out. with this confliot by lunch time, two hours and more after the departure of the Paris authority, and was only able to drink a cup of tea when her maid brought a temptingly arranged tray to her; but she felt that she could not live through the afternoon, left alone with her own impious thoughts, and, finally ringing fur Nanette, she ordered her to make Lucille ready for a drive, and half-an hour later lound them rolling out to ward the Washington monument. They drove for nearly two hours, and then 3ollie ordered the coachman to turn toward home. She was' much more calm than when the started out, but still far from being in her usual state of serenity. As the carriage was passing through Fourteenth- street something caught Mollie's eye--something which made her sit suddenly erect, while a look of eager interest swept over her pale, lovely face. The object which had at tracted her attentaon was a very modest sign hanging in a window. It read thus: -'John L. Freeman, Christian Science Healer," and into the girl's mind flashed the thought. nccom paned by a wild hope, "Perhaps that man can help my father-I have heard that Christian Scientists do wonderful things." Almost before she was aware of what she was doing, she had ordered the driver to stop, when, taking Lucille by the hand, she alighted, mounted the steps, and rang the bell of the house where Mr. Freeman resided. Then as the tinkle of the bell came to her ears she suddenly began to feel ashamed of her errand, for she had al ways been both sceptical and intolerant eof all euch 'metaphysical nonsence," as she had termed it. She was half tempted to beat a.hasty retreat, and perhaps would have done .o if the door had not been opened at that instant by a sweet, happy-looking girl, whose winning smile at once won er confidence and inspired her with fresh hope. "Can see 3fr. Freeman?" she briefly inquired. I think so; come in, please," replied the girl, and, turning she led the way nlato a pleasant room, where a gcntle man of perhaps forty years was sitting. He arose and greeted Mollie with easy courtesy, his dark eyes searching er face with a kind hut penetrating look, and instantly a strange feeling O0 peace fell upon her aching, rebellious heart. She took the chair he offered her, and then opened her heart to him, tell ing him all her trouble and sorrow of her fathers long illness, of the many easry months of anxious care and hopless seeking after help from various sources, and of her last despairing efforts and their result. The gentleman did not once interrupt her, but sat with downcast eyes and attentive mien until she concluded, when she tremulously inquired: "oe.an Soy help im? Is there any hope, te you think?" S"iy dear child, there is every hope," er Companion confidently replied. "tod is alays a help in time of S'?God!" repeated Maollie, with a bit er inflection. "I have begun to be oere there is no God." SThe 'gentleman bent a pitiful glance upon lher. I am sure that you will never say tof asin," he replied, after a moment Then he asked her a few questions, after which he remarked that he would ta11e the case if she desired. and would visit her father later in the day. 3follie arose, a peculiar feeling of sCtfulness and hope having succeeded er precious weariness and despair; and peting her purse, inquired whats she holid pay for the consultation. "Nothing for our little talk, ?Mi?ss eatherford,, said Mr. Freeman, with B uinet smile; "we are always glad to Ihave people come to us when in trouble. Scientists, when they take patients, usually treat them by the week, the sum being uniform, unless frequent visits are required; of course, you un derstand that no medicines-no rcme dies of any kind-are to be used." He then mentioned the amount for a week's treatment, and which seemed to the wondering girl exceedingly paltry; but she paid it, and then went away with that same strange, sweet peace still pervading her. A week passed, and while there was Ino apparent change in Mr. Heather ford's mental condition, lie was not nearly as restless as he had been, and slept quietly the wholo night throughl a thing he had not done for months. The' second week he began to take more nourishment, and to cut as if he relished his food. At the end of a month his face began to have some colour, and Eliza declared that hlie was actually gaining flesh. while now and then they found him looking about the roomn, vacantly, to be sure, and yet with an air as if dawning conscious ness was trying to assert itself. Mollie jealously watched every change, and each time that Mr. Free man came she plied him with questions. eagerly seeking to learn something of the great principle that wars governing her clear father's condition. She read with avi:ity the books which the gentlemnan loaned her, and wileh taugot her much, and graunally a joy ous hope-au abiding conlidence, rathler -took possession or her. assuring her that her loved one would cre long be well again. At tile expiration of two months he had once spoken her name. and had begun to tlr to use his hands to help himself; anti finally there came a day when lie actually stood upon his feet, with Eliza's strong arms around him to support him. "Dress do Lord! I tole yu' to trust de Lord,. honey." the woman exclaimed, her black face radiant with joy on th:s haplpy occasion. "I know yous did, Eliza; and at last I beliefe I am beginning to understand what and where tod is," Jlollic rever ently replied, her golden lashes laden wvith tears of joy. Early in May, when the weather be gan to be oppressive, she closed the house in Washington and took her family to the beautiful villa-one of Lucille's many possessiouns-at Cape May, where they remained all summer -five delightful. happy months, for the invalid improved with every day. Clml also spient Ilts vacatlion-the month i A?nigust--ltherc', each nmornlng finding luIr early at tue villa, wsheie he and his bethlrothsed vled with calll other in making tne time pass p.easanslsy for ?ir. Leanllterloru. isn?ee islluld w;.s fast becolnllng as cGeaur antl aicLis c is in the v:gorous nays oi his youth. hie was still somnewhalr hampered: physically, as the obstinate enemy, paralysis, uhad not been wholly con quered, although it was rapidly dis appearing; but thllele was not it liappier nor mo;e gratclult lamly in existence than JMolue s household, all of whom felt as if the dead had been restored to hfe. Cliff returned to Washington the first of September, and a month later the Lamouti house was once moro opened, and the samily settled for the winter. Mr. Heatherford was now practically well, and "prepared," lie saiu, "to be gin life over again." Mollie, however, tried to persuade him not to think of bus:ness for a long while yet; there was no need, she as serted. for hier income was ample for their every want. But -Mr. Heatherford nwas eager to test his recovered powers, particularly as hMr. Freeman encouraged him to do so. and, having been educated for the bar, he soon made arrangements to go into business with an established firm, one of the partuners proving to be an old-time friend who knew something of the reputation which MIr. Heather ford had borne during his more prosper ous days; and now the future began to look very bright to himi once more. As the season advancedl and distin guished people began to flock to the capital, lie umet many a lormer ac quaintance, and ths it camine about that both Mollie and her her Ifther were gradu ally drawn into society again. When our fair heroine began to ac cept these courtesies and take her place once more in social life, she insisted that her engagement should be publicly announced, and so. of course, Cliff was always thereafter included in all invita tions. Cliff was looking forward to a much brighter prospect in life after the first of January than he had dared to antici pate for himself thus early in his career, and it was arranged thast his marriage should occur as soon as lie was well settled in his new enterprise; meantime as lie was becoming quite a favourite in social circles, the young couple gave themselves up to the enjoymest of the present. One evening at a brilliant reception given by a distinguished senator, Mr. Heatherford and Mollic unexpectedly encountered Mr. and Mrs. Temple and Philip Wentworth, the family having come to Washington again for the win ter. Mir. Temple had again become in terested in politics during the last year or two, and had been elected a member of the House of Representatives and was ambitious for still higher honours. The meeting between Mir. Heather ford and Sir. Temple was somewhat startling to both gentlemen, especially so to the latter, since he believed tho former to be still a hopeless paralytic, if, indeed, he were yet on the earth. The ran against each other in tile great hall of the mansion. whero they were guests. "I beg pardon, sir," MIr. Heatherford began, with his old-time courtesy; then observing whom he had encountered, he added, as a slight smile of contempt flitted over his face: "Ah!i Temple; so we meet again!" "3y God!-- Heatherford!" gasped the man who had so bitterly wronged him under the guise of friendship; and ho was colourless even to his lips. "Yes; yon were not expecting to meet ma again-here," returned Mr. IIeatherford, with a slight emphasis on the adverb. "It-it is a miracle. Who was your doctor?" panted the falso friend, scarce knowing what he said. "God," briefly but reverently respon ded his companion. Then with a oourtly but distant bow, he added: "Excuse me; I am looking for my daughter." He passed on, leaving the other still staring blankly after him. and actually trembling as if hlie had suddenly en countered a dread ghost of the past as, indeed, he had. Later in the eveninig Mollie found herself standing almost side by side with Philip Wentworth. She was richly and beautifully clad. Her dress was a gauze-like material of black made over a very light gray s.-tin that gleamed like silver underneath. The trimmings were all of silver, and a dia mond spray, with a silver nigrette, gleamed in her hair. The corsage of lier robe was cut m'od estly low, and the full puffed sleeves were short. thus revealing her perfect arms and neck, which were like chiseled marble. It was a strikingly effective costume, and just suited hler, for it threw out the fairness of her faultless complexion to great advantage. Sheo gave a slight start as she caught Philip's voice and realised his prianm itv. but did not glance at him. 'Sho turned slightly away, and was about to address a lady whom sheknew; but before haO could do so, Philip stepped directly in front of her, deter mined that he would not be ignored. "You have told me never to speak to you again-that we are strangers," ho began in a low" tone that was husky with emotion; "cannot you forgive and forget ? I hare suffered bitterly for my folly of that night-I have repented ill sack- cloth and ashes." Not a muscle of Mollie's face moved during his speech. She stood and looked like a statue beautiful as a young goddess-bhut cold as snow. and a feeling of bitter re morse-of utter despair crept over him as he realised how he had lowered hintm self int her estimation and lost all chauce of ever winning her. Since learning of Mr. Lamouti's will and that Mollie had now, ant independent. fort une, and wouhld ollo more take an enl viable position in society. hlie hail cursed himself a thousand times for his past folly-. While hlie was speaking Mollie was wondering how she could escapo him witlhut replving to hint and without making herself conspicuous. 'There wasu n awkward paouse for a tno meut. after he concluded; then Mlollio's quick catr caught the voice of her hos te's. who was just behind her., remark ing : No. I have not seen Mr. Went worth since lie first entered the room; but I am sure Ihe is still here." 1Mollie turned gracefully toward the speaker, thus revealing Philipi to her. "You were inquiring for Mr. Went worth. Mrs. Ilackman." she observed with a chiarming smile. "Behold him just at hand!" Thenu, with a bow to the lady, she slipped away, leaving Philip inl a white heat of rage and disappointment over having failed to wiu cecit a glance of recognition front her. 