HIGH PRIESTESS OF ISIS. Is ladame Blavalsky a Juggler? Madame Blavatsky was, born in Ekaterhi- osldv, Russia; In 1831. , -She- was the daugh ter- of Colonel Peter Hahn, of the Russian army, and grand-daughter of General Alexis — ' » Jiuucnstern rcunu ;u mioro xamiiy of. Mecklenberg, settled In Russia). Ileo -mother was Ilolene' Fadoef, daughter of An- drew;Fadeef and tlie Princess Dolgouriki. At \- the age of 17 she married Nicepliore Blavat sky, a councillor of Stute, whom she was pleased to denominate "the plumed raven." He- was nig and gouty, being 43 years- her senior. The marriage was not felicitous, and j the couple separated by mutual consent at the expiration of three months. Madame Blavat sky then commenced , . HER EXTRAORDINARY CAREER : ' as.a .tlia.umaturglst, globe-trotter, arid cheva- Here d'ihduslrlo, . Slnnett, author of, certain works on occultism, wrote a blpgraphy of the Russian adveniuresB, but - it is 'so replete 'with tales of magic and mystery, ahd/Munclimi- sen-ilke effects; that. -little, credence can , be given to It, However, it "is/worth, reading, It one is fond of indulging- in ghost- stories by. candlo-jight. In India she was accssbd of belrig a! spy In the pay of the Russian. Qoyern-' ,.al.ht, and regarded 'rvith': suspicion .by" 'the ;'®UKlisli:''n'uthorltres.;" 'yin-Aheyehr 1S7U she visited; Egypt In conipany witii av: certain; CounteSR. IC , always consorting with me- liiunw; rtiui?netlsm<H nt-wl nl-lt&i;'o i\F !ilm> ItlrV At Cairo, fehe endeavoured to form a spiritistic society," but without much 'success. , Tier bio- grnphfer relates that Bho spont'one night' In the : King's Sepulchre in the bowels of theGreat Pyramid of Gizeh, reposing In the very sarco phagus that once held the mummy of a Plia- raah. In one of her books she claims that It Is absurd, to imagine, as do 'modern archneo-' legists, that . . ' I THE LIDLESS. COFFER IN THE ' -v ' GREAT PYRAMID . was ever a. receptacle for a'mummy. Rather WhH It. the place. for lustration, or baptism of the;', neophyte ' ln the ancient Egyptian mys- tories; It Is said that the police of Cairo ask- ;ed; her to "move on," and that she departed In hot haste; from the land of pyramids and pa pyri.: Several times she- -turned up In Russia aftprv her. eastern sojourns, once at a gloomy chateau ia Tilils, the residence of a relutlve, Prince-. -rr—, where she gave seances during , the long winter evenings, und nearly frighten ed the guests to death. Then she came to the United States, from which time dates the theosophlc H-eglra. 'Madame, Blavatsky Is most widely known to the world as THE EXPONENT OF MODERN . THEOSOPHY— ii cult which now numbers Its adherents by the thousands. Of all the psychical epidemics that have affected modern thought, theosopliy Is the most interesting to the student. . ; '"What' Is theosophy ?" . The word theosophy (theo-sophla— divine knowledge) appears to: have' been used about the third century A.D. by the Neo-Platonists, or'Gnostlcs, of Alex-, andrlaj'but the great principle of the doetrlnei however, was taught hundreds of years prior to the mystical school established at' Alexan dria. "It- is not," says an interesting writer on ilie subject,. !'an outgrowth of Buddhism, Although many Buddhists see in its doctrines the' reflection of Buddha. It proposes to give t<»: 4L. i !_ I Lite _ cbuiitk;, ut . iiuiur rnetmhig''5f thereSt'relfglou's teachers .of the world. It- asserts , repeated reincarnations, ; or re-births of the soul on earth, until it is fully' purged of .evil, mid becomes At to be absorbod' into deity,- whence it came/ gaining thereby ' Nirvana,, -or unconsciousness.'1 Not a few theosophlsts claim that NIRVANA IB NOT A STATE OF UNCON- . SCIOUSNESS. but just the converse, a state of the moBt In-' tensifled consciousness, during which the-soul remembers all of its previous, incarnations, \Madame -Blavatsky claimed that "there exists In Thibet a brotherhood whose lnemberB liavo. acquired a power overv nature which enables them to perform wonders beyond the reach of ordinary man. She declared herself to be a- chela, or disciple of these adepts and mahat- mns, and asserted that they took a special' interest ln all initiates ln> occult lore, being able to cause apparitions of themselves in places where their bodies were not, and that they not'only appeared, but communicated- intelligently with. those whom they thuB visit ed; and themselves perceived what was going on vyhcre their phantoms appeared;" This' phantasmal appearance she called the projec tion of the astral form, The.mudame did not claim to be the founder of, a new religious faith, but simply the reviver of; a creed Ihat has slumbered in the Orient for centuries, anil declared herself to be; the messenger of these malia'tmas to . the scoffing world,. . The question may now be asked: "Did Mudamo Blavatsky really possess any occult powerB,- or ' ... ' . WAS SHE SIMPLY A JUGGLER, with a well-rehearsed repertoire of slelght-of- hand tricks?" Suclt phenomena as the mate rialisation of roBes, astral-bell sounds, and answers, to sealed letters, are well-known feats to any medium or conjurer. They are not de pendent upon the exercise of psychic powers, but are effected -by legerdemai n. . , , Thus Horeward Carrlngton, ln "Moliatma": — "Two of the principal phenomena that oc curred, and of which Mr. Slnnett a writer on Madame Blavatsky makes the most, are 'thu brooch Incident' and 'the pillow Incident.' Of these we will consider tlie 'pillow incident' only as being the more perfect of the two. Tlie following is a brief summary of the pillow Incident: — A party, including madanx?, had gone to lunch, and were on top of a hlfi,' when madamo suddenly asked In what place Mr. Slnnett would like the article to appear, which he was/expecting. It was very clearly stated that 'this, expected article, a brooch, was not mentioned by Mr. Slnnett before, and' the sub ject had mot been led up to ln any way. 'This is . . ' ' THE CRUCIAL POINT OF THE WHOLE TEST. Mr. Slnnett thought a moment, ami then said: 'Inside -that cushion.' He had no sooner ut tered the word, than his wife cried out, 'Oil, no, let It be inside mine.' This was agreed on. The cushion was tow covered with n rug for abqut a minute; when it was opened, Inside that was a second cushion. In the very cen tre of this lattfr was found the brooch, and a note ' from Koot Hooml— the more importune nnd communicative of the two mnhafnias. But tlie brooch a.nd -the cushion had been in the Sir nett family for a number of years, so tnut the 'test' appeared to be absolutely con clusive. The principal point In this test Is that the expected article was not mentioned before In any way. Apparently, then, -the an swer. to the question was entirely haphazard, and had never crossed Mr. SlnntU's mind Ue- fc-rc that instant. If that was tlie ensc, the 'pPlow incident' was certainly remarkable. 