1 THE BALLAD OF STOCK. YARD CREEK. j Thro' region- vest, where the scorching blutt ! Blows ever ftcro s the pl'in— He droving men arc tr«v Ring ias > Bound hemeward once sgato. . JVwav thrv bm- le from the dreary waste, Where drought holds fierce coo.roar-u : Where skeletons gleam, while run rays beam Cn the waves of burning sand . F- Nightfall comes and the drovers drums Are hurriedly each undone ; They've journeyed far, since the morning star Grew pale in the rising sun.' . , And pipes were fill'd when the meal was o er, And a veteran of the.trsck Snrnamed McGee, was asked if he Would tell of old days out back. Persuaded fina'Iy, 'lc said t Tho' sore in mui of rest, And tremorh s of years long Bed Are dim, I'll do my bott. And give to night, s rocoid true— A lift? sketch- to to apeak— Of one— a girl — whom bushmen krew As queen of Stockyard Creek. Within her veios cours'd noble'blood, She came of an ancient line. Whose home for ages long had stood Beside the silv'iy Tyoe. Unknown to care- her face was fair And sweet as May flow'rs wild ; _ And braids encrown'd, of raven hair The squatter's only child ! Her father was known a« the whitest man That liv'd on Stockyard Creek ; In Bis time drought kept further out , So the stock were fat and sleek. And oft beside his child he'd ride Thro stunted scrubs and dense, For sheep astray to seek, or " stay Weak poets in the bound'ry fence. The name of the run was a curious one As ever a run posset-s'd ; . 'Twas call'd " Slay There " by some, in fun, By otheis, the " Ranch of Rest." And a well-vere'd man who went that way, Had wiitten its name in Greek, I When first he'd seen the station queen— The pride of Stockyard Creek. l Belov'd of evtryone was she, ft Of poor, and rich as well — f They lov'd her for her charily — L Yes, each and all could tell ' Gf many a night-long watch she kept L_ Beside the dying bed, Night and day— and seldom slept Until the soul had fled ! I Ah ! yes, and many a ahesring hand, . Who toil'd on Stockyard then, L Her fame would spread In many a shea Among the western men. They told of how " when one was ill With cold, tr somewhat strain d, B She'd send biro dainty things nntil His health had been regain'd. " And is she living still f aekml one. "And say Jim. did sbe wed f' Bnt Jim McGee laugh'd bitterly And shook his hoary head. « Have patience mate," another said, I Be patient man and wait ; I Just lend an ear for soon we'll hear The pride of Stockyard's fate. But here McGee went on — Baid he: If she were yet olive , Would I, think you, be roaming thro k;' These thirty years and five ? But let that pass, 'tis useless now, To think what might have been. My tale's nigh o'er — I've little more To tell of Stockyard's Queen. There came to etay in an evil day r A wolf in friendly guise— I A proud upstart, of craven heal t I TFwas written in his oyee. A He sought to press, with no bucccss, His suite — time and again— swore he revenged to be If all his pleas were Vain. Revenge he had — his loathsome tongue H Beamirch'd her stainless fame — H And slander's deadly venom stung Her soul, and dull d its flame. B Her reason fled. . . . As fire will spread K Across the uplands bleak K Xhe sland'rous blast flew far and fast Away from Stockyard Creek ! And at an inquest held years back, Ere pus to rest was lain, BHie-jury cried, " 'twas suicido By drowning, while insane," Ana rid McGr- tried silently Tp crush an inward etrife — H Tnuif we knew why be wept, and why _ He'd led a single life. ftytnd each could— yes, and truly guess The motives that were Mac's, Hn reaching distant stations by The hungriest of tracks. HflmTwell knew we, too, why McGco Weald drink and never spore — . Leongbt, 'twas plain, to " down (in vain) haggard ghost of care ! m v HRcdied.men ssy, one fierce hot day, jFar out from " Ranch of Rest," Wbere whirlwinds clutch man's final breath ft And hurl itfuither west, Hf aomelimes think, but rarely speak Of Jim, the drover's "care" oft I dream of Stookyard Greek And a run, that was call'd "Stay There." —WILLIAM COYNE. Inverell, 26th Nov., 1600, 