WHY CHILDREN ARE AFRAID. 1500 Children Answer. Professor Macdonald, of the Washington Bureau of Education, has been making a series of. extremely Interesting Investigations as to the causes which arouse fear In children. His -study of fear In the youthful subjocls was made by distributing hundreds of lists con taining all manner of causes, such as might excite tliat emotion. Parents, teachers, and other persons— even the little ones themselves —marked oft-such items as the latter really feared. ' WHAT FRIGHTENS CHILDREN. After reducing all the replies to a table, It was found the highest 'number feared thun derstorms, the next highest reptiles. Then -fqilow,- In order, according to the number fear ing them, strangers, darkness, fire, death', do-' mestic animals, disease, wild animals, water, Insects, ghosts, &c.; A comparison of an equal . number of boys and girls show that the girls feared 1765 things on the list, and (he boys 1100 things. The girls exceeded the boys In the fear of everything except water, high places, and strangers, The ratio of girls to boys In the fear of rats atld mice was 75 to 13, as might be expected. , It was also ascertained that fear in the boys Increases from the seventh' to .'the, fifteenth 3'iear, and tlven 'declines, while In girls It In-, '.creases' more steadily from tlie -fourth to tho eighteenth year before diminishing. The fear of thunder and lightning, reptiles, robbers, and machinery, were found to increase with age. GHOSTS. Another novel Inquiry enlarged upon the fear of ghosts by children. By questioning the little ones, and tabulating their answers, it was discovered that- the most frequent source of their knowledge of glioEJis was in stories told by other children. . Stories read by tlicm ranked second In frequency. Of all the otlier sources servants haa been the most active. Some liud derived their first know ledge from pidi.ures, n smaller number .from games, or from their own Imaginations, The smallest number, Ic-ss-nthan 1 per cent., had first heard of ghests from their parents.' It ' was dlncovercd that fear almost junivereally accompanied belief In such spectres. WHAT THEY- ARE LIKE. Almost: a third of the children examined hud the conception that ghosts were white, an eighth llint they were llko the liumaii figure, a ninth that llhey were shadowy, an eleventh that they were like dead persons, a fourteenth that they had long arms or hands, and less than a nineteenth that they were like skele tons. Additional notions lo appearance In order of frequency were tti'St "spooks" have sopulqhral voices,' are without substance, luminous,- black, like animals, like fairies or spirits, and thalt, they have lurid, hollow eyes. The most popular conception, as to the power of ghosts was that they elmse and cateh children. ' Other notions in! tlie order of the number of believers were that they glide swiftly, appear and disappear, do all sorts of mysterious things, foretell death, und injure, people. Of those questioned as l!o the time when' ghosts appear, a majority believed it to be in the dark, when one is alone. Stating the places where ghosts may be expected, the highest number of opinions was In favour of .graveyards. . . : TALL CHILDREN BORN IN SUMMER. " A careful study of the circumstances of blrtlfand childhood of :\'ha,t were cousidercd to be the 50 greatest men of modern limes disclosed the fact that tlie average greut man was born in a family of six children, not in cluding half-brothers or half-slBtcrs. -It was figured from the data tliat the chances for greatness In a child are f.vo to one In favour of .tlie older half of the family. Tliat children tall for their ages arc gene- rally born in summer is another novel deduc tion. . As, far as boys alone are concerned, those who first see. light during autumn and ! winter are. not so tall as those born In spring and summer. Those born in November are the shortest,- In' July the tallest. Averages for girls show that those bom in winter a'nd spring have less length of body than those born hi summer and autumn. The tallest girls are born In August. DOLL HABITS. Another unique plan of research was for the purpose of studying the characters of children through their doll liahlts, It being considered that'thc educational value of dcllB Is very great A list of 29 questions was prepared and submitted to nearly a thousand children, boys and girls. The various kinds of dolls played with ranked as fol lows in order of popularity:— Wax, paper, chlnu, rag, bisque, rubber. Of intiny .confessing that they had treated other things as dolls, the greatest number had so substi tuted cuts, clothes-pins,, plllc.u-s, bottles, sticks anil . dogs. Nearly four-fifths had tried to feed dolls; nearly two-thirds had thought them hungry; nearly seven-tenths had credit ed them with mental powers; almost the Bame number had really thought them sick at times. ' It was discovered that of 'average city school children below six years, 82 per cent, of boys and 98 per cent, of girls liave played with dolls; between six and twelve years, ,76 per cent, of boys and 99 per cent, of girls. ' HOW A BABY'S MIND GROWS. . ' In. an: experiment whose purpose was to trace the stages of development of a baby's mind, hq tvas placed before a mirror dally. During the earlier stage of tho test he simply locked at his reflection as birds do. He next shovVed fear of it, as do many of. the higher animals. He then grasped at It with his hands, as cat's strike at reflections with their .paws.,. Later lie looked behind the glass to find tho object, as cats and monkeys have been known to do. But on tho 420th day of his life lie deliberately turned the glass at: dif ferent angles to obtain required reflections, 'an Intelligence not possesed by any animal other: than man. 