CURRENT NOTES ; (By "Juvenis.") Women are becoming, a. big item in the political platforms of our national saviours. A Women's Franchise Bill Is gettinr about as common as (the Bill for the destruction of Sida Retusa, Stiingboraki Grandiflora, or ofther pesfts. Why noit give Mrs Jones a show in making laws she knows nothing about. WTiile we stand old women as legislators, no person outside a mad house can object Ito a young woman having a vote. When "Mr A." has a vcftte, surely Mrs B. ougM (to score, electorally. * . * Kruger has gone to Berlin, but as Greaft BriStain is Germany's best custo mer, it is hardly likely .that much trouble will ensue. Krugler, who may be reasonably called thte 91st Psalm ex port ngwt, is getting cheered by Jac ques Booggiers and Carl Schmidt, bui he is getting 'no forader.' He has had to pay his own hotel hills, tttp Hie wai ter, and fee tthe guide, and in fact, has descended ito the status of a common tourist As a 'sovereign prince travel ling in cog.,' Krugter makes a poor show. Our y'Stariligh!^ Treats him hands down. * 1 . * * * A writer in some weird paper published in Great Britain, suggests that during Commonwealth week a number of pro minent Australians should be raised to the peerage. It is alleged that the writer is Douglas B. Sladen, who wa» compelled Ito fly the country after pub lishing a vcOume of alleged poems. Douglas and Hogan* <and two or three others are bringing Australia into con tempt. If by -their agffcaltion Seddon la made Lord Richard of Dead Beat Flat* and Kaipoi and Dickson made a peer of the reailm as Viscount Bulimba. the Commonwealth celebraStions will lose a lot of their interest w -n m T ' 'The dyer's hand becomes subdued to What ft works In.* Mr Browne, a quirf miner, who under ordinary cir cumstances would Jtialk of nothing but Ffr>p°s and winzes <and so forth, has had the had luck tto be made a mem ber of Parliament, and now chamber* about nothing else bmt Standing Or de?-s and the rigWts of the minority, and "the wickedness of majority rule, and flffcher allied topics. Parliament has changed Mr Browne from a useful producer into a wimrlsorne ski-ter, and the pl'ty ct it. it is true. How reDrtesen, tetive Govern mrm js an agent for des troying what is best in a £6 per wieeker has an object lesson in Parlia ment to-day. * .?. * It Is ralther unfortunat t*fct our Com monwealth demonstrations should be at +he start of a new century or ifr«i finishing of an old one A number of ppnrfA ttaking advantage of the nati on^ "enthusiasm, are proposing a num ber of financial schemes, principally to evade personal responsibility. Th*. Rev Ebenezer Jones considers the first of January a suitable date to iake up a ccfflecftlon to defray the long-stianding delrt for the shingling of his taber bicle. Other people arte drifting round for century fond?, and mifienium mi* «fons, and unless a hold sfernd is of thlii town will be able to celebrate -the birth of the new nation in whalt Mr Artemus Word would call 'the flowing bole.' Collections are right enough when one has no money. * .* * . I admit as a general truth tthalt suspic ion ever haunts the guilty mind. Still there are times when suspicion Is jus ified. Fir centuries psst it has been Well known that the Mother Country has owed her greaStness ft© two things the Bible and beer-tthe latter for home consumption, <the former for export. Nothing has sustained the Britisher during the forifcy odd wars that he has been Engaged in during the past half century more than the firm belief that British liquor was as good as it could be made. Recent developments which show that even a moderate cr^s-no tion of bitter ale results in Mind staggers, specks before (the eye?. and a general »tired Seeling, leads to the belief that Sir Wilfred Lawson and Co. hav* doctored -the breweries. If this is so. and the Temperance party shakes the confidence of the peopled in their nati onal d»-Tuk. imisfc take the conse quences. Walter Scott said th&t; he had never 'written a line thalt would shake a man's faith/-a great record. If the total abstainers scare people oil beer fthey will take to opium and pol itics. * ? « The decision of the New South Wales Fail Coiirit that all gold In copper mines is the property of the Staite in stead of those who have raised botik gold and copper, may bo law. or may not-it certainly is not, in mining par lance. a 'square deal.' Poor unfortun ate shareholders are entitled tc a chance 'to square themselves after pav ing calls for years, and if the Full Coiirit. just at the dividend stage, drifts in and asserts, like the Labor party, that profits are. as Mr Mantilini would say. 'denmebfe', investors will gtefc a bit sbv. Had 'thr» Full Count ruled th»t nobody had any right ito anything, it would hnve been in keeping with ita traditions. . » * Religious stai'&tics;, especially those in connection witb forteign missions, are certainly a bit misleading. I hav« pasted in "the lining of aiy hcit' a re cord of th'ft missionaries who have beftn destroyed in China, and on gettina It cr^fiil'y audjf'ied I find that one ont of every ten Australians must have boe;i rt missionary. When an Austrfc llan. fnstoad of 'tackling sand-shifting or oilier honorable means of earning a living. on going: to China, to convert ithe heialtltfan there, he deser ves a rough handling. he curse of age is the gentleman who spends hia lil?e-profitably-in telling dther peo ple wbalt they ought to do. * * # . The mesmerism of 'made in German^' is getting a bit wetak. Miss Sehmirf*. who sings a bit. was advised when making her 144th debut Jthjait 'Schmid*' on a programme mighft be regarded hv the aud*tence as a"'casus belli,' and lead to rucftions. Finding that this was the cold truth, she" changed her nam* to 'G'Kjell,' and now warbles in safetv. To knock off <tlte 'y' from her mother's signature, and entirely ignore her Aether's tamcestrafl title nu&s; Florence off my visiting list. In the 'fierce light .tha^ t-teats'-aboiib a Police Court, she would be described as 'Schmidt; alias <*K<sll,y : :; - v .'????i-H-i*; -j"§* -fr Mr Lyne is rapidly losing what little sense he ever had. Following in Reid's footsteps he has constantly threatened that he will meud or end the Legislative .Council, and not a Legislative Council lor has lost a wink of sleep over it Lyne's latest scarecrow is to send up a couple of Bills dealing with quarrelsome people and ambbitions ladies and tell the poor M.L.C.'s that unless they pass them he, plain long Lyne, will give them 'one for their socks,' and teach them the alt important lesson that nobody should play at legislation unless well paid. * * * Our German friends are spreading them selves in (Sydney in connection with the Commonwealth Celebrations, and showed what 'Mr Hinnessy' calls 'dagoes and other foreign divils' chip irt Sydney should be a nice place to avoid until the middle of January. It is almost cer tain that when the speech-making starts Herr Knuckleduster will arise and as sert that the leading articles in the 'North German Bloater' and other inspired pa pers, which described the average Brit isher as a fiend, were really^ diplomatic tokens o£l affection. This attitude re minds me of the old couplet: It was all very well to dissemble your iove, but why, why did you kick me down stairs?' For a considerable period "United Aus tralia' will take 'United Gern any' with a liberal allowance of salt or sauerkraut. * * * As a variation of the old saw, one may truthfully observe '£haifc (truth is more suspicious than fiction. Had anyone a motfth age stated that a notorious cri minal was posing as a 'Majah*-wittb wounds-a rave bird- and employed at a decent salary in a responsible bil lot, he would hiave obtained as much credence as one who would assert that Archbishop Redwood was 'Mr. A.' or the Bishop of Carpentaria ithe, 'fair mm' who recently clean swept thi8 town. Anyone who wants a read bit of sensational literature should at one* order the 'Wide Wide World Wobbler. Since the man who rode on turtles no hero has appeared like 'StarligM.' Had he lived and confessed, and did the Mea Culpa business, he could have made more money in a month fchar the fighting kangaroo, Bob Fitzsim wons, and the whole geological staff o; Westralia could rake together in a yeiir. * * # Affer years of experience Mr Philp has suddenly discovered that the Opposi ?t'en must he suppressed-a pick-handte for choice. Alleged patriots have wasted time to such an extent that it afjj»ea~s I'kely (hat the Bill for Ihe. *Or«e Man Two Votes/ and the measure for the 'Spinsters Appreciation Bill will be among ill? long lieit of infan*« p'nuprhterrd m objectionable quartern. Browne and Co'-, with fine opportuni ties. have done little or nothing. 'Mr A.' as a curiosity will be miles ahead of 'Mie Leader of 'Her Majesty's Op position * * * McTCinley. now that he is solid for four years' of officte, is opening his na/.'cnnl mouth rather wide. He assert© ihajt it is just, about -time for the United States Uo chip in and scoop any thing of commercial value wherever they ran get it. Had Bryan been elect ed McKinl'oy would have stayed a7 home <and cursed foreign expansion, and Cuba, and Hawaii, and the Philli pines, "and China, and a lot of other things that can he sworn at safely. Anyhcw, America under McKinley ia hare had * since the * Southern trouble. piling up the bigget/t war debt they Uncle Sam for once went wrong; it is a left cheaper to allow cither people to wci'k out their own salvation at their own cost. * * * i A prominent gentleman in public mat iters says that he does not care about seeing 'kids fed.' Fortunately the av erage man has 'kids', and feels a re fleeted pleasure in looking on at lb® fua. A Commonwealth celebration -Without children taking the chief hiand *.vou!!d br1 something V-ik'^ 'Hamlet with flamlet and the Ghost, and other worthy people loflt odt. The abo*» ir-ent:oned gentleman srems <to think a bike (his own) and himself run this Comrionwealth. Like every gen tL jr. aii wilfch a powerful voice, he com mands silence: if ndt attention. At present pteople ta re ^serious-a twenty ihilling=. in the pound feeling-and a: not regn!aiting their business on sins pie bellow. Whan better times com* patriots may have a show. 