: N J&l; a Chapter XXIX. ' Lady Faustine's heart leaped with joy at sight of a letter lying on the table, addressed to Lord Ormoude Carl sle. He opened it with unsteady hand, and read : ' Ormonde — I lwve left you for ever. When what is hidden is brought to light you will understand all. It seems -to me useless to speak of innocense : yon must think and judge as you will. Heaven knows it was all through lovo of you. ' Good-bye. Forgive tho shame I have brought to your race. Thank you for all yonr love end kindness, there is 110 help for me — nono ! Good bye. ONA.' The letter fell from his hand and lay upon the carpet. Lady Faustine's baleful eyes eagerly devoured it, then brightened with triumph. She had succeeded ! She had driven the hap less woman away from Carlisle Court. Whither, she had gone ? To ; tho Earls her father's most likely ; if so, would not her triumph he short lived ? would not Lord Ormonde follow her, and bring her back ? Tlio very thought was maddening ! But sho was here on the spot, and must prevent a reconciliation at any cost. What did it matter if sho al lowed hor jealous imagination to have full sway, and used it to pro- vent a possible reconciliation. She remembered the ct lumn in the ' Times,' Lady Ona's agitation at the sight of it ; the wild words uttered in delirium ; snatches of conversation sho had at times overheard between Mrs. Poole and Lady Qna — the moat , surely the sof ret lay there ! It was tho proposed draining of tho moat wliioh had led Lady Ona to this action. Lady Faustino's evil, jealous fancies could be woven into a chain of such evidence as to forever condemn the runaway wife in her husband's eyes. If Lady.Faustine had but known bow pilriM. was the /real truth unejn- bellished," she have been more than satisfied. She glided over to Lord Ormonde's side, and laid her hand upon his arm. As she looked into his white, drawn face haggard and wan, with pale, parched lips, and drops of agony upon his brow, lier heart over flowed with undying hatred of Lady Ona. In a few hurried words Lady Faustine repeated to Lord Ormonde' her suspicions that Lady Ona had been implicated in some crime or wrong doiug that her conduct con demned her utte.'ly. She was afraid of exposure, and .so had fled iroiu Carlisle Court. That in some way her 8-cret was connected with the moat, Lady Faustino was positive. Then she went softly away, and closed tho door upon him and left him alone. Lord Orniond" kept his own coun sel. Whatever took place in that- -.iient room was known only to him self and God. When ho came out after a time, his first step was to telegraph to Lord Obarnleigh fi.r news of his daughter The answer came immediately — she was not at Chumleigh Towers. Another tele gram whs at once despatched to L: dy Hillsdale with the same result. Urged 011 by Lady Faustine, Lord Ormonde consented to go on widi the draining of the moat. The work men gathered, the work was begun, watched iu breathless suspenso by Lady Faustine. Tho result was — nothing ! Nothing was found in the depths of tlin green waters of the moat. Lady Faustine's heart stood still in amazement. What was this mysterious secret that had driven Lady Ona fromhome and her husband's love ? That night Mrs. Poolo was found lying on tlie floor beside her bed, in a state of insensibility. Whon she had recovered sufficiently to converso Bho sent for Lord Ormonde. ' My Lord,' sho said, in a quiver ing voice, ' I have something to con fess ; the time has come which I pray ed -0 earnestly need never come ; when you must hear the story of your wife's sin, and,, God help me ! 1 must bo the one to tell it !' Ohaptei; XXX. LED BY l'ATE. The face in the album was that of Gaston Graliame, the man whose body lay under the still waters of the moat ! If he stood beforo her, sho could | not have been more terrified. With a | stifled cry sho arose,. aud, dropping | . the book at hor feet, hastened from | ! the room. She closed its door hasti- I ly, as though something were pursu ing her, and then she sank, a help less, terrified heap, upon the floor of i the hall. Would the door open and Gaston Grahamo come out ? I Sho could uot dream what possible 1 comdination of circumstances could 1 have brought Gaston's picture iu the j house. After a time sho arose. Some little ; courage returned to her; no pliautom sfood at the door, no shadowy form . with reproachful face. I ' Havo I really seen his ""pictured I faco, or is it phantasy ? Why should I Gaston Grahamo s picture bo there ? There, iu the homo I had vainly hoped to find peaco ?' Sho asked herself wearily. She slowlv opened the door asa:n. and entered. It would not have seem ed strange to her if ho had stood be fore her in propria persona. Had he asked hor why she had left him ly ing under the waters of the moat' without seeing that ho had what everyone claims — a Christian burial. There was tho album as she had left it. She raised it from the floor with trembling hands that scarcely served her will, and Gaston's face again lay before her eyes. While she was looking at it Mrs Lynton entered the room. Lady Ona determined to ask lier — she must know what chain of circumstances that brought this face there. fTliat is a handsome debonnairo face,' sho observed, her voice husky with emotion. Mrs. Lynton looked suddenly grave. ' Yes,' she returned slowly, ' that is a relative of my husband's.' fA relative of your husband's !' rejj peated Lady Ona, in tones of unmiti gated wonder — almost fear. ' Yes,' replied Mrs. Lynton, ' why does that surprise you ? Do you think my husband had no relatives ?' I have never heard you speak of him, answered Lady Ona quietly. ' No ; the great trouble of my life bas driven out tlio lesser one. It is a sad story. He is tbe one black spot upou my husband's family name Almost all famlies have a ' black sheep,' and Gaston, Graliame was theirs. I will trust you with a family secret, dear Mrs Doauo. ' My husband aud Gaston Graliame were sons of two brothers, and they were brought up as boys together. 1 At school Gaston was foremost in all the wildest pranks : and though bright in his studies, was expelled from two, schools for misconduct. Frederick had tho kindest heart in the world, and excused his cousin upon all possible occasions but fin ally gave him up as incorrigible. ' Gaston wont from bad to worse. In London he came implicated with its .fastest set. The sequel is soon told. He was convicted of forgery 1 and sentenced to a light term of im prisonment — on account of his years and his family. His handsomo face and dashing manncralsohelped to win him a comparatively light sentence. There was some story of a trusting young girl whom he met in London, nnd through her influence with the Judge who was her father' ho got off so easily. It was through hor also, that he managed to escape and come here.' '.Here !' oried Lady Ona, 'here iu this house ? Gaston Gaahamo in this house ? ' Yes ; what is thoro in that ? Fred erick was his only friend, aud lie catuo to him for- -money, as he and my 'husband were joint heirs to a large estate, which, would revert to them at a certain ago. F mderick had already come into his, a nd Gaston came to :ny husband for him to ad vance some money on his prospects. Frodor ek inol a small sum upon nim. .-ml this he nave. That nioht tho offket- of the law. having tmck- e ' him ;. -up, ff 'nan-led Aihn'tt.incc, and v.-', UiottjHib. Gaston would be t..keii. but "no eluded capture arid escaped into the country, where lie remained ior .-evercd months. But his captuic was i: i-vit il.-le, and one day ho was taken, and the ""suit, wu- ilnvt lm -.vii:. sent to Van loiain- o's Land for ; lmis' term c-f veats. 1.1 i - fate soon, overtook him ; he was shot while cute ;r;»' nig to .-scupo. and his body rmvcu was recoveiod fr in its watery grave.' Ltiuy Ons.'-- fact: had guwvn p-h'.st- ly in us pHlow. as she listene 1 to tins sad -:toi y of a 'Misspent life. G-V heaven 1 that she .should fit and list en — that sfie should hear this — that she should live and .ister. to such word ; ! She knew that Cistoa Grnhamc did not meet his death at Van Dio- man's Land, but .fc Carlisle Court, and his body lay uudcr tue giceu, silent waters of the moat. Lady Ona rose from lier seat, pal-' and trembling ; she would have left the room, but her strength forsook her. Slit: r. ct to "he window and laid her cheeks against the cool glass, looking wfith sail, bewildeied eyes out union the nrctfcv eroends, and wondering if atw other human bo'.ng ' ever bad such a horror in their life . as she ; if any woman had ever suf- , fered no intensely and sinned so in nocently as she. Emily Lynton went on unconsciously ; i f You seem much interested iu Gaston's fate. Perhaps it is the first story of the kind that you have ever heard. I, too. was affected by it, uutil a deeper trouble-inadn me forgot it.' ' Then, you have heard no more ?' said Lady Ona. ' Vou do not know if tlu-re has been any discovery of a — murder — do you ? You have not read anything in the papers aud kept sib nt becauc-:. I knew nothing about your family secret V asked Lady Ona. ' No, not one word. Indeed, during my great trouble I have not thought of it,' replied Mrs. Lynton. Lady .Ona . was silent for some nvuncnts. What tad happened siime that day Hie had fled from Carlisle Court, leaving all her lo«e and hope behind ? What had -happened since that day. J ... Sun !y the moat had been drained ! Why, it as to hav-.- been dune die very day she li-id left-. , How did it happen that there bad been no dis covery, no sensation, no public, thrill of horror '! Why was not the finding ci Lhc-boi'y made known ?' Sho knew Lord Ormonde so well; knew time bo was tlio soul of honour; no man living was more just. He would never livo hi peaco an hour or resf-j until he bad givon Gaston Gra- liame's body the prayers and cere monies of a christian burial. How, then, was it that tho discov ery of the body had not been made public ? AYas it possible that Lord Ormoiido had been able to have it exbumocl and buried in secret? And would ha, if be could ? That was her only solution of tho mystery. She thought deeply over it, and yet could not quite sea how Lord j Ormonde could have avoided public- i ity, unless, indeed, his prudence had - overruled his conscience ; aud, to save lier, the body of Gaston Gra- 1 liamo had been laiu away to rest in uucousecrated ground, in secret and , unknown. The low, sweet voice of Mrs Lyu- ' ton aroused lier. ! ' Of what aro you thinking, Mrs Deano ?' she asked. ' You have been standing nearly an hour at that win dow.' | ' I am thinking of tlio story you - told me,' Lady Ona replied. | It seemed as though sluo should go i mad. She could neither cat nor 6leep | all food tasted like ashes ; sleep .Scd j her pillow. She was back again at j tbo moat terrace, with that awful i scene ever before her. How could she stay any longer in the presence of this woman when slie had been the uuconscious cause of hcv oousiu's death?' It seemed to her at oimes that a voice spoke, as to Cain of old, ' Where is thy brother ?' Aud, could she make roply, ' Am I my brot- tker's keeper ?' Alas ! she knew wboro liis body lay — she ivas his keeper ? The beau tiful face grew paler aud more worn; tlie graceful form grew thinner. Emily Lynton could not imagine what was wrong with her. . It was such a miserable life — haunted by regret, passionate, despairing lovo for Ormonde — by tbo constant, fever of suspense aud pain. Lady Ona felt sho could bear it no longer. Mncli as it tore her heart and soul to leave this home, where she had met with only kind ness, sho must- go. Her conscience forbade her longer remaining under the circumstances. Yet, bow could slue leavo that i little golden haired child, with sum mer blue eyes so like lier own ?' That little, winning boy, with the ( beautiful, . spiritueile face, ono of \ God's augols lout to this bereaved : widow to help to relievo her pain for i tho loved and lost ? ' ' If only I could tako bim witli mo !' Lady Ona thought ; and then lier face flushed crimsou with shame. What had she, -whose soul was stain ed common with a little innocent child ?' | No; he had a mission to fulfil ; to ease tho sorrow of Emily Lyuton's heart and to help her to live. Aubrey is just as dear to mo as if be were my own llesh and blood,' said Mrs. Lynton ; ' in fact, deal- Mrs Deane, sometimes I cannot rea lize that lie is nt. You and lie have saved my soul from Ma- i-: despair. I know It was -wrong to groive over FvoJerir.k, for lie is surely safo "and at rest in the better . land, whither wo arc all hastening ; and lie is wait ing for mc there.' Luuy Una said she could no longer remain at .Southdown Manor. Its every room was hannted by tlio metn j cry of Gar run Gi-ahamc's pvc-scnco. Sho never cnterod tlie rooms lui had occupied without the m -d fancy she saw bim there. She uover knew what it was to he free from the tortures of memory : aud tlie timo came when sh-j could bear it- n." longer. She felt sho must plunge into some active, pliiianthvopic work to save herself from suicide or maduc-ss. Then came back to dor memory the dreams, she had had at Ellsmero Castle. "What a grand thing it would be to go out in | to t'no byways and 'hedges of sin, and 1 raise the fallen nnd help the duspair- i ing i She would try and make atone- I meut to God for that fatal night's ; j work. j,- Lad .- Ona know that iu London there was a band ot noble woraon, , some of high and . noble birth, who were following in tlio footsteps of ; Florence Nightingale, and devoting | t-hoir lives io nursing the sick aud I poor, and every kind of charity to i help the sick aud the miserable. In ono of Hie poorest and most ' crowded of tho most common parts j of London was alavgo hospital erect- i od by roy.vl charity, but supported ; almost entirely by tlio poor them selves. Some of the ladies referred to gave their whole time to nursing in this hospital. , 'It is no half hearted sort of sister- ; hood, but they aro simply ladies who j having no real wo-k to do in this life . , have devoted themselves to this duty i they spend their whole timo iu at- , tending to the hospital, and- never j j shrink from a duty, however disagree ( able. | These ladies or nurses live alto- 1 near St. Anna's Hospital, in a house they call St. Anna'sHome.No prom ise binds them — they can leavo their , i duties at any time. ' ' I will go there, and apply for a ; ' positon of nurse,' thought Lady Ona. i ' I will son tho superintendent, and 1 surely she will lot mo follow the voico . within me that leads mo there to AVUIJV ou t uiu iuiycu owiiuiij and my sin' ; lb was the hardest task that Lady -I Ona had over undertaken io toil Mrs. Lynton of he:- decision. L a.- mistress of Southdown Manor looked at lier in sorrowing astonishment. 'Go out as asi -k nurso ?' sho said. ' Oh, my dear, don't leave mo ! Why cannot yon livo happily with Aubrey and mo ? I have learned to lovo you so d oariy ; it will be one of tbe great est sorrows of my life to lose vou.' Iu truth, tho parting was snjd enough to them both, for ' Lady Ona loved the gentle kindly woman who had taken her on trust, and had been a sister to her. ' I want some employment, dear,' Lady Ona said, ' that will absorb tlio strength, of my body., the' energy of my soul, and leave me no timo for thinking. Ycwi are moro than good to mc, but it cannot be. I must go away ; I must work out my own sal- ( vac ton in the way tho voico of my I conscience directs.' I And from that resolution no argu raent of. Emily Lynton's could move lier. Sho grew moro hopeful as she I thought of tho life beforo her. Snre- i-ly tli ere would bo no ghosts in that j busy place ; no troubled dreams of I the moat and terrace ! i Little Aubrey's mignonno faco i grew sad, and the ready tears fiilcd j the pretty blue eyes. I ' Pleaso don't go my pithy lady I ' ho lisped iu tender treble. ' I love oo and want oo io say !' ' And 1 lovo you; my darling, dar ling boy !' sobbed Lady Ona-, with a wild burst of fooling which sho could not fathom as she clasped him to her heart. ' Auutie,' will conic and see, you and you aud mamma will come to Loudon and see ' Auutie ' won't you, my Pretty ?' ' Ob, yes, boy Aubrey come to seo oo so soon.' Lady Ona strained liim to her heart ; then, with a fond farewell to the woman who had been more than sister to her, Lady Oua left South down Manor, to begin .lier new life with the ' Sisterhood ' in tho slums of London. The last faint notes of the Mis erere'' had died away among the long aisles of the old church, and one by one the olack-robcd sisters were leaving their places in the choir. | One remained — one who was as beautiful as a picture, with a lovety, steadfast face, eyes fixed on the white marble cross just before her. Su'ch a face ! Looking as it wftSf like leading a poem, oiMistcning tol a lovely strain of music. It was like no other face in the world. It field , a story, but what that story was no i , human eye could read. It was beau- tiful, with a grand and noble gravity, | it was serene ivith hard- won peace. J It was superb in ir.s high and lofty J resolve, in its absolute purity aiv- 1 spiritueile expression. A painter would have eagerlv seized it, nnd placed rays w.f light around it, then called it a Madonna, j After a storm, peace ; after a ' tempest, rest ; after long 5trifc, the : cio.vn ! The po.-.ce that lias made thit queenly (ace beautiful was not won lightly. The eyes that were bl io and bright were fixed on the fra-ninfc chinch were saying night pinj'ers for -lie children ; arid to the silent, bl.ick-veiled figure came these , words : I 'Tito sins of my vmith nnd my ignorance — forgive rnc, 0 Lord !' She repeated then. To-righL tin: s:«tors had been sing ing t-ffe 'Miserere' the beautiful p-iib'i that ask- for pity and parrlo-i and love, the saddest and sweetest of al1 the chants, for it s- tans to be full of human fours ; and the music which is like the ci v of a broken heart-, pier co 1 hers. Sue bad bowed her lieo-il and wept bitter tears. Then, tho sturni passed, and slit ; raised her eyes once more to the marble cross. She remembered long afterwards : the evening on which the ' Miserere' i was sung ; for a message catno to i the Sister Superior, who was sur- i rounded by the other sisters. 'Could ' another sister be sent lo-night to the | hospital ? It was an urgent case of \- life and death.' The beautiful face was raised to the face of, tlie Superioress, and' a swftefc voice said : I ' May I go V 'You, Sister ' Agnes ? Are you strong enough ( You have been so indefatigable in your duties,' the Superioress said, kindly. ' I am not tired. Nothing tires me ; I am so glad to work for other-:. God is giving mc my mission — God is giving mc peace. Oh, lot me go ?' ' Very well, my dear,' was the reply; and immediately -Sister Agnes slipped on the heavy black hooded j wrap, aud was soon at the hospital, j ' I am si glad it is you !' she said, j ' Of all the-sistors, you arc the one! best fitted to help mo in this case.' j ' Who is it ? I forget to ask,' ! 1 questioned Sister Agnes. i ' It is a sad case — a man who was ! hurt some months ago in a railroad acci- ent. He was only brought here to-da' from S Hospital, so as to be under Dr. Grey's nn.st circful 1 attention. No one knows w'-o lie >s ; and not a soul ha; been abk to learn, anything about hiin. There is an «v tending physician with him ; an operation is to bo made oaily to morrow, and I fear tlie worst.' ' Shall I go to him atoe.ee ?' asked Sister Agnes gravely. | ' In a' few minutes,' the matron — Sister De Sailes — replied. ' Sister Dolores will let me know when | they aro ready.' I Sister Agnes seated herself by tlio ' glowing fire and s ink into a reverie. ! She rmnembcrcd as though it were I but yesterday how she had applied i to this kindly-faced Sister De Sailcs to join the Sisterhood. ' If you are el-'gible for ihe work,' had been her reply. ' What do you mean by ' eligible ?' asked Lady Ona, tor Sister Agnes was she. Sister Do Sailcs had smiled. Few — so few — understood that-. (To bo continued.) 