WILY CHILD)EN ARE A F1AID. 1500 CHILDREN ANSWER. Professor Macdonald, of the Wash ington Bureau of Education, has been making a series of extremely interest ing investigations as to the causes which arouse fear in children. His study of fear in the youthful subjects was made by distributing hundreds of lists containing all manner of causes, such as might excite that emotion. Parents, teachers, and other persons even the little ones themselves marked off such items as the latter really feared. WHAT FRIGHTENS CHILDREN. After reducing all the replies to a table, it was found the highest number feared thunderstorms, the next highest reptiles. Then follow, in order, ac cording to the number fearing them, strangers, darkness, fire, death, domes tic animals, disease, wild animals, water, insects, ghosts, etc. A compari son of an equal number of boys and girls show that the girls feared 1765 things on the list, and the boys 1106 things. T'ne girls exceeded the boys in the fear of everything except water, high places, and strangers. The ratio of girls to boys in the fear of rats and mice was 75 to 13, as might be expected. , It was also ascertained that fear in the boys increases from the seventh to the fifteenth year, and ;then declines, while in girls it increases more steadily from the fourth to the eighteenth year before diminishing. The fear of thun der and lightning, reptiles, robbers, and machinery, were found to increase with age. GHOSTS. Another novel enquiry enlarged upon the fear of ghosts by children. By questioning the little ones, and tabu lating their answers, it was discovered that the most frequent source of their knowledge of ghosts was in stories told by other children. Stories read by them ranked second in frequency. Of all the other sources servants had been the most active. Some had de rived their first knowledge from pic tures, a smaller number from. games, or from their own imaginations. The smallest number, less than 1 per cent., had first heard of ghosts from their parents. It was discovered that fear almost universally accompanied belief in such spectres. WHAT THEY ARE LIKE. Almost a third of the children- ex amined had tie conception that ghosts were white, an eighth that they were like the human figure, a ninth that they were shadowy, an eleventh that .they were like dead persons, a four teenth that they had long arms or hands, and less than a nineteenth that they were like skeletons. Additional notions as to appearance in order of frequency were that "spooks" have sepulchral voices, are without sub stance, luminous, black, like animals, like fairies or spirits, and that they have lurid, hollow eyes. The most popular conception as to the power of ghosts was that they chase and catch children. Other notions in the order of -the number of believers were that they glide swiftly, appear and disap pear, do all sorts of mysterious things, foretell death, and injure people. Of those questioned as to the time when ghosts appear, a majority believed it to be in the dark, when one is alone. Stating the places where ghosts may be expected, the highest number of opinions was in favour of graveyards. TALL CHILDREN BORN IN. SUMMER. A careful study of the circumstances of birth and childhood of what were considered to be the 50 greatest men of modern times disclosed the fact that the average great man was born in. a family of six children, not including half-brothers or half-sisters. It was figured from the -data that the chances for greatness in a chilu are two to one in favour of the older half of. the family. That children tall for -their ages are generally born in summer is another novel deduction. As far as boys alone are concerned, those who first see light during autumn and winter are not so tall as those born in spring and sum mer. Averages for girls show that those born in winter and spring have less length of body than those born in summer and autumn. DOLL HABITS. Another' unique plan of research was for the purpose of studying the charac ters of children through their doll habits, it being considered that the edu cational value of dolls is very great. A list of 29 questions was prepared and submitted to nearly a thousand chil dren, boys and girls. The various kinds of- dolls played with ranked as follows in order of popularity:-Wax, paper, .china, rag, bispue, rubber. Of many confessing that they had treated other things as dolls, the greatest num ber had so substituted cats, clothes pins, pillows, bottles, sticks, and dogs.. Nearly four-fifths had tried to fee-.. dolls; nearly two-thirds had thought. them hungry; nearly seven-tenths had credited them with mental powers;. almost the same number had really thought them sick at times. It was discovered that of average city school children below six years, 82 per cent. of boys and 98 per cent. of girls had played with dolls; be :tween six and tweive years, 76 per cent. of boys and 99 per cent. of girls. HOW A BABY'S MIND GROWS. In an experiment whose purpose was to trace the stages of development of a baby's mind, he was placed before a mirror daily. During the earlier stage of the test he simply looked at his re flection as birds do. He next showed. fear of it, as do many of the higher animals. He then grasped at it with his hands, as cats strike at reflections with their paws. Later he looked be hind the glass to find the object, as cats and monkeys have been known to do. But on the 420th day of his life he deliberately turned the glass at dif ferent angles to obtain required re flections, an intelligence not possessed. by any animalr other than man.. 