a YELLOW ROSE, '.COMPLETE- IN THIS ISSVB. ;i : vr- . '.'. - ' , VMRS.-:!- :H.;: PENROS.-; ' 1 Author of " A MutuaT Misunderstanding,'.? ' / "A Ghnstly Experience," "Tho ' 'Mistletoe Lady," , &o.;, '&o.; v ;; corTBicarr. PUCK looted out of the breakfast- room window, and made .faces at Captain Charlton, who beckoned and held up a , gaily bedizened bos of chocolates. For some weeks he had fonnd it . expedient to lay in a stock of such boxes for. purposes of bribery and corruption. Puck shook her head. She . knew that he Nwas dreadfully, anxious - Yor her to come out, and she had no idea of mak ing her services too cheap. He was wait- ' ing on the lawn for the dogcart to come round to drive-him to the station. He had breakfast alone, and he had his own reasons for not wishing to enter the house again. He . wanted an undisturbed inter view with Puck.. He balanced half-a- crown very ' enticingly on the edge of the choco late-box. Puck disappeared from the window, and was standing beside him within sixty sec onds. The half- crown was transferred' to her pocket with astonishing rapidity. . "1 wanted that badly," she romurked, With a grave nod. , He proffered the box. . , "I haven't had time. to get through the last three yet," she said, accepting it with kindly indifference, "but it may be useful later oh I'm waiting to know what you want." ' The knowledge of the world which she had accumulated in the course of nine years Was qu'te surprising. "Look here!" began Captain Charlton, end hesitated. "Sm' looking," Enid Pack. "I've been looking all the time." He took a deep red rose from his button- h"l'j — a beautiful rose just breaking from the bud. " I want you to give that, and this note, to ' . . "To Hilda, of course. Why do you make such a fuss about saying her name?" _ "I'm not making a fuss about anything,' Puck. Don't wait until she comes down to breakfust, you understand Tnke them up to her room now, at once ; \ond don't let -anyone see you on the way. . Here's the dogcart, and not a minute to spare " " I'll drive with you to the station. Ho one will miss me." Despair seized him. Puck, he said solemnly, " Im going to town for the day, and I'U buy you ' anything you like to mention if you'U only go and do my message without, another moment's delay." " Stop !" sin! screamed, as he sprang into tho dogcart. "You're not giving me time- to mention it." "Well?" he asked over his shoulder. "A. diamond tiara or a tricycle— yon may take your choice I'm very easily pleased. Shu waved, the rose at him" us he drove off) and turned leisurely towards the house Her pet puppy ran out to meet her, leap ing and barking. She waved the rose at him too; und, tiiking the gesture, for an intimation that he was to make himself at homo with a new plaything," he- jumped up, and with one snap appropriated the head; leaving the stem in Puck's band. A few red leaves were strewn.dbont the lawn, I but the bulb of the . flower was promptly bolted- by Wallypug. Puck gasped. " He'll bo j list raging," she muttered; "and I'll get neither the tiara nor the tricycle " Then her face cleared. An idea,' brilliant in its simplicity, had occurred to her.- "Ono rose is us good , as another," she said, and pulled a staring, full-blown Gloire do Dijon from tho nearest tree There were delicate flesh-tinted blossoms on the same branch, but this one was on un compromising yellow . in "the outer leaves, and neither . in form nor colour a perfect specimen of its kind. Pack was not dis criminating in the matter of 'flowers. Mile rail into the house, and up to her sister's room, on the door of which she beat a tattoo with impressive energy. ) : HUda -had. been .at a dinner.; party and dance tno plght ' butore,. ahd goyc the word' of admission la a sleepy voico.- '- . ; ' PUck came in with her hands behind her back. , ' : ' r- \ \- "You ought to be -jolly well ashamed of. yourself," sue said' severcly.. .'.' Hot out of bed yet, and it's nearly, wne o'clock-" "Shocking, isn't it?", said Hilda, with gentle toleration; V Hut .JU wasn't in bed until three," 'and then' I didn't go to sleep foi' noma and hours." I .'>)) "Well, why didn't you?" " Oh, 1 don't know I .1 suppose' I was thinking of things." . ' ' . . . '. "Things of, this- sort?" asked Puck,, bringing the letter and flower into view; Hilda's 'sleepiness: yunished instautiy. She sat up) pushing her fair curly hair out of her eyes. . ' "Puck, durliug," she:. said," give them to mu at untie,' like -a dear, good child." v" Make' u fair otter," said Puck, whose business' dealings were not of u circum- . scribed nature. ' " Auytorag -you like, but give — givel" "Didn't; the1 'horse-leech's daughter say that?" Puck, inquired, holding >back in a tuutalismg maimer. '"Father' says one otigbt not to repeat other people's remarks, turn try to puss them off, us original." ." Oh, Puck, do hurry, .if you don't you shan't havo' anything at all."; - " Puck seized the handle ot the door, and ilia mdmcnt Hilda g bare leet were flying over the floor; A skirmish ensued ; - the letter and rose were luueu possession of, '.'by brute force," as Puck usserted with a dramatic : gesture ; Puck herself was bundled out -of the room, and the key was turned in : the lock. " Then Hilda tore open her letter, arid read many burning words.'- She had "been interrupted at the beginning of an impor tant conversation with Captain (Jharitun the night before, and he, feeling that he. could not run the risk of other interrup tions, had written to :.hcr in the small hours. . ' . " 1 have always felt;" he. Buid, " that un officer's first duty is to his own regiment, and that he should remain with it, taking his chance of humdrum work or desirable .active service. Hut if you refuse me, , 1 know 1 shall not -have .the courage to re main here, where I may see you cdnstuntly. Right, or . wrong, I shall volunteer lor Africa, and think myself fortunate if I have the luck to do a day's work under Kitchener. Possibly your father will blame uie, but you will understand. Still,. 1 don't tbink it will 'happen. I think you care a little. I believe if there bud been time last night y >u would have given me a word of hope. I trust your eyes. Only I dare not be confident because I know how small are my deserts, and I want to be sure of my fate the first moment I see you again. I enn wait no longer. You have promised to be at the Ufiingtons' ball to- t-ght. If you mean ' Yes,' wear the rose I send you with this by Puck." . There was a great deal more, but that was the importunt part of ihe' letter. Hilda tok ul' toe rose from her knee, and (jxununed it with n smile of the ten- derest derision. - " I don t think it wiii fall to pieces be fore evening," she muttered doubtfully fiat wnat a colour ! sue stood before the looking-glass in her dainty night- gear, and held the yellow, leaves against her yel:' low hair. "'Fancy choosing that rose foj ma to wear 1 He requires a great deal ot instruction." Then she' kissed it. and put it in water with extreme carefulness. "If it were, a dandelion,". she said, "1 would wear it — for him." , Colonel VVeatherley was not in the best possible humour that morning, and had » snarl ready for the world in general— a snarl that became particularly vicious when' ) reference waa made to certain of his ofli- . cers who had just volunteered for active service. "I believe," he growled, "that Charl ton is the only man in the . regiment who i sees with me the absolute immorality of . tho practice. ' ,If the underlying idea" was , carried but to its logical conclusion the ser vice would fail to pieces. This vnlunteer- -.ing destroys esprit de corps; it is merely toe outcome of restlessness and personal am bition.. Personal' ambition should not exist in the service. A man should never regard himself otherwise than as part of his regi ment." "I suppose if he's the head part he doesn't mind," observed Puck, with her elbows on the table. , Colonel VVeatherley endeavoured to fix .hep with a stony stare, but she was not to be fixed. ' " . "Captain Chartton went up to London this morning," she said, with disturbing intent. " Perhaps he's on his .way to the fighting -too." 1 " Don't talk about what you don't under stand, child," said her mother. "Don't talk ' about any thing," said her father. " Eat your breakfast." "I've eaten it," said Puck the irre- Xir'easible. "I'll begin again if yuu like, but I'm afraid if 1 do i shull be ill." "You'd better run away if you can't be silent," said Mrs; Weathorley. nervously. " Why," she inquired of .'the teapot, as Puck vanished, " urc'chijd'ren so different? Hilda never gave uie. any trouble at that age. i don't understand it." " If 1 remember rightly," said Hilda, "you acver spout me' us you spoil Puck." . ."What.au unkiuu thing to say to youv -inn niuther, Hilda 1 . 1' spoils yuu as well: us 1 aiiew how, but 1 wasn't used to child-' reii then." . "Dear mother, I shall never cease to be grateful to you lor not having spoilt uie i auubt if Puck -will ever be so grate ful to yuu for. .the reverse." ''bites' a 'dear, uheuiionate child, ttild so impulsive, ' satu Airs. Weatherley, with1 plaintive : emphasis; " brie never asks mt ior uuy.ihiug without kissing ; me in the sweetest niuuucr. ' "1 uaveu'i. noticed her kissing you when she ducstic ask. lor anything, observer Coroiiel Wcathefiey uytiKany.- "Ho doubt she'll be a cuurmiug person to live with in ten years' lime.' - " Why aid Captain Charlton sleep aim bi'iiiikiast here?" asked Mrs- VVcuihertey, making an unwise choice of a fresh sgbjeel \- "Because I asked iiiinj"- snapped the colonei. "it wits dreadfully laic, you know, mother, when 110 got home 111st night, and Lap una Chariluii drove with us. it would liuve been 'heartless to Jct him go on .to the eamp." ; Hilda blusheu iuriiiusly ai0she spoke, ana. her iaiher glanced at her with a twinkle of very grim humuur in his steel-gray eyes. He guessed how the laud lay, uud he ap proved of Captain Lhariton, which ex plauieu u good many things. .. \ "I suppuse you are gurng to drag me out uguiu .iu-night,". he said. ... ".There's u. dunce on at the .Cffiugtuna',; isn't there?" "Yes; father; 1 hope you don't rninti very much?" " tVould it make any difference if I did'?" " Certainly it would. I'd coax mothei to tuke 1110 instead. Hoi I'd get Puck to coax her." "That would be a failure. Puck can only coax 011 her own account. Hever mind. I'll take you. A man can die but -once." : Twelve houra later Hilda Weatherley was standing iii-Ludy Uttiug ton's ballroom, liityiug scant attention to a crowd of would- be partoero who hovered about her. She wanted to reserve hli her waltzes for Cap tain Chiuitou,. who was coming towards her at that moment. He had only just air- rivod, und she. waited for him, palpitating and glowing. The- yellow rose was fas tened conspicuously at the left side of her bodice; aud, that there might be 110 mis take about it,, she vvore no other fiowers. She felt every step of bis progress across toe room, with her eyes fixed demurely on her curd, and she knew .that, within six feet of her, he paused, suddenly. Then she looked up, and the smile of en couragement was frozen upon her lips. Ho was staring at her, staring at. toe rose, with a look in his eyes that she had never seen before. His fuce was white and set. Already one or two people had turned to look at him. Hilda tried to speak— to say his name and give a common place greeting, in an. ordinary tone, ' but her tongue was momentarily paralysed by an undefined fear, and before her first word was formed Captain Charlton turned, away to recross toe room.' fcihe watched him go away with an overwhelming sense of misun derstanding, saw him draw Colonel Wen- therley aside, and followed the two men with her wide, frightened eyes as they left the T'ooni together. " You are feeling faint," said the man standing nearest to her,. "Let mo find some cooler place for you." Sho took his arm without any volition of licr own, and he led her to an ante-room with a' wide-open .window. She refused wine, pleading a headache, .and begged hiin to leave her alone.',..'.. - She sank on the- window-seat. pifrtly hid den by curtainB, and escaped .observation until, her father, after fniitless . searching ..elsewhere, caught- a glimpse of her dress and descended on her.: '. ." Alone?" he asked, in evident surprise, as he drew aside the. curtain. "What on earth are you. doing. here, Hilda?" » . " Only resting. . I was not— not very well. Shall we go- home?" . "Presently. : I want to nsk you somu- thing first." . ; : ; ' ; : . He took tho vacant Boat opposite to hers, and passing couples, who saw the man's foot protruding from: beneath one curtain,' and the too of a. white' shoe from beneath the other, .conoluded -rightly tb'at very seri ous business. :was being triuisaotcd beside that open window. '. : "I .want to know,"- said Colonel Weather ley,' "what -you 'mean by playing fast and lofose with Charlton?" , "Has he said -that i I 'have done so?" asked Hilda, with a sudden access of dig-. nity. . Colonel Weatherley saw-her eyes blazing) tin the half-light.; ... , S "Certainly. not," he said; "but l.'oon judge for myself. Up to yesterday you and he were behaving .almost like an engiged coui>le. To-night the young fool comes and . tells me that ho is going Nto save Kitebenor the trouble of. taking Khartoum. At least he means to offer, and if Kitchener won't take him be is going to exchange into an other regiment. Whatever happens, lie won't stay where he is," " Did he give any reason?" asked Hilda, relapsing into a weak tone. " Ho said something vague about a dis appointment, but' not until I pressed him. You ought to be ashamed of .yourself— that's 'all I oan' say." "You think that- 1 have refused him," said Hilda, steadying her voice by a great I effort; "1 have not.. He asked me— inh letter — this morning.. I baveineither/wriD ten to him nor spoken to him since.". ' "Did he ask you to write?". Colonel Weatherley was softening ' oyer her .evident distress. . ' ' ' "No.« " Then what did he-sk you to do— I mean in the way of answering him?".; ' 1. "To wear a roso he sent mo . with, the latter. And I am wearing it. . Oh, father, there' is some dreadful misunderstanding I" Her father took her. hand, and held it. He was not often demonstrative. 1 "Who brought you toe rose and letter?" he asked. Bharply, . ' "Puck." "Then there's some devilry at the bot tom of it. We mustn't let him leave us, Hilda, for want of an explanation. He wont bock to 'Aidershot an ho.ur ago. Probably he is -writing to the War Olffco this minute — -'V . . " Then' there is no time to ho proud, said Hilda, seizing him by the arm. "You must go and stop him. You must bring him to me. Drive straight to the bar racks. I will go home 'and wait for -you." ' She had not long to wait, bat it seemed long to her. Mrs. Weatherley had gone to bed early. Only one servant was astir, and' that one. looked respectfully puzzled when Miss' Weatherley arrived alone. But there was a bright fire in the drawing- room, burning for cheerfulness rather than warmth, and Hilda oronehed beside it, glad of the company even of live coals. Pre sently she heard welcome sounds;' her father .came into the room 'alone, and .she sprang up to meet him, trembling all over. "He won't be persuaded that there can be any mistake," said Colonel Weatherley ; "but he is here. Shall. I send him to you?" . ' "Yes, oh yes" she said, and almost fell into the nearest chair. .. Then Colonei .VVeatherley left her, and after the passing of an interminable, minute the'' door opened and closed again. Cap tain Charlton, came and . stood Before her,' but tbV hard, white look had hot left his face, ' and again toe words died, in her throat when she tried to speak. "I am- so sorry you have been annoyed, on my account," he said icily. I quite understand how it is. Colonel Weatherley is kind enough to dislike the idea of my leaving the regimant. He has guessed more than. 1 intended, and he has persuaded yon to recunsider your decision. You have sent for me only to please him, and-I have come only to set your mind at rest —to assure you that 1' am not the man to 'profit by a forced vconsent." - \- "You- aro quite mistaken," 'Hilda- fal tered. : "And 1 have no idea .where the misunderstanding: lies,' You 'asked mo -to": answer you by wearing .your floweir ' " And ' you . did not wear it. That was. my answer." , . ._.) .. - " But :1 did wear it;" cried Hilda, toe colour that had died awny rushing into her cheeks again. ' — . , . Captain Charlton's eyebrows went up. ) Hilda had never before seeh him look thor- onglily . disagreeable, and she' shrank from the revelation of another side to' his char acter . " You go far. to please your father, Miss Weatherley," he said, every- word cutting like a-knifc, "It will be a rencf to you to find that, much as I respect any asser tion .'coming from you, I still prefer the evidence of my own senses. . I suppose you havo done ; what you believe to be your duly,'-.bnt I cunnot bear much more of it. Let , me say good;hight and- good-bye." . Even' then, peihups, if Hilda had hold the "hand he offered to her, arid said _ the words; " I love Jou," he . would have' be lieved her against every other evidence; and perhaps an older woman would have seized the one remaining chance of saving two hearts from breaking-; but- Hilda was vury-yuuug, and already her shy pride bad been sorely violated. . She felt that she had gone more than half-way towurds an under standing, and that she ' could go no fur ther. She only touched his hand 'mechanic ally as he. touched hers, and he left her without another word. V, ' She was almost unconscious when her father returned to her; more distressed and puzzled than before. He made her drink- some wine, and) had the wisdom to hnrry her to bed ; bat he came to her again: as .she lagr awakeaqd tearless, Staring at '.the inoonlight oh the wall, and he sat beside her until daybreak. "I don't know what to make of it all," he said. "I'm,. afraid it's something very like temporary, irisanity. The poor fellow is labouring under some crazy delusion that I, am trying to -force yon to marry him aguinst jour will. When he . was leaving he assured -me that you had done every; thing T could have wished, and Hegged me not to trouble you any more. What mid summer madness I" ' " He talked like that to me too," said Hilda, and her voice had taken, oh ! such a flat, hopeless' tone. She was living through her first trouble, and it seemed to, her that too end of all things was at hand.' " He said I had sent for him to 'please you, and ho almost sneered at me when 1 "said that I had worn his flower. It seemed that he did not believe it; although the flower was still in my dress, Und he was looking at it." " You said Fuck brought it to you; didn't you ? I'll be bound she "could explain the mystery if she liked. . Ill sweat- she's at the bottom of it'. Sho wakes early. ; I'll go to her room as soon as - 1 hear the ser vants stirring, and I'll make her tell 'me all she knowiL" .. "You arov wy good, .but it won't be any use," said. Hilda ia the same' dull, level tone.- "Nothing will ever make any differ ence now. Do go . and, tiy to get some sleep, father. . You will be so tired. Don't jnind about mo. I suppose people go on living no matter, what happens— and that is just toe worst of it."' He did not contradict her despair) be cause he remembered how he hod onco en tertained tho same feelings himself, al though that was a long time ago; He, too, had once thought that nothing could make any difference, and that life was a curse, and he, knew that no one oould have persuaded him to a contrary opinion then. He had- learnt in the course of too years that life holds many things worth consider ing besides the one great passion that 'comes to nearly, every man and woman of strong and deep nutu're, and he had full confidence that his daughter would learn toe same lesson ; but hi respeotod her young sorrow too much to preach to it. Those children afe fortunate whose parents have the, gift of remembering their own youth with a just appreciation' of the magnitude of . its emo tions. — . Fuck, unconscious of. the havoc she had wrought, wits just; thinking of- getting- out of ..bed at half-pos't six o'olock when she heard' a kuock at her door which she an swered with, a guilty affectation of sleepi ness. She liked it to bo understood by the \- household ' that , she got up early ' because she was virtuous and self-denying, not be cause she liked to enjoy the morning hours undisturbed by those in nutbority over her. ; Bho was somewhat more than surprised to seo her father enter, and quite over- whelmed by a sense. of approaching catas trophe, when ho brought a chair to the side of her .bed and sat down. .She had suffi cient courage to treat him with a consider able amount of flippanoy in the presence of others, but as a rale sho avoided being alone-1 with him.' She was afraid of him; and still more 1 .'afraid that he would ' find it out.'' / "Fuck," he said, bending forward as if for a confidential chat, " I want you to toll me oxaotly what happened yesterday morn-" 5 ing — 1 mean' about the messages Captain Charlton .gave you) fof Hilda. . ' \- She was on the defensive at once, igno rant as to why her fathor wanted informa tion, olid .afraid . of committing herself in any direction. " He gave me- the messages and 1 took them. That was all," she answered sul lenly. . " But there has been some , mistake, and wo think that perhaps you could explain it. Did you deliver the messages exactly as you were given them?" She had almost forgotten' that her puppy had eaten Captain Charlton's rose, but she remembered it quickly now, and instantly it flashed into her mind that sho ran some risk at being defrauded of the present Cap tain Charlton had promised her. It took her no appreciable time to. make up her mind that wild horses should drag no con fession from her, and she offered a front of steel to too enemy. "He gave yon a letter and a rose, didn't he?" . ' "Well, I suppose that was no. harm?" "That -isn't the point, child. Don't im agine yon are going to be scolded for carry-, ing too messages. They, were perfectly- in nocent. What T want to -know is whether you gave them correctly — whether you meddled with them in any way." "Not likely. I wouldn't lie bothered meddling with Hilda's old love, letters.: I'm sure thoy're 'all stupid nonsense." ) " But toe rose? What colohr was it?" . "I 'didn't notice. He's always sending her flowers. I never knew , ono from- an- 1 other." "Yon took it straight to.her? -Yon re sure you didn't drop' it?" " Quite sure. I held on to it tight." She made this assertion with great . rc-;. lish, for, though sho did not hesitate to toll a lie when she considered that the. occa sion, demanded one, still she preferred tell- iffg tfab truth, -because it seemed n cleverer thing to do.. And it was quite true tbat- she had not droxiped toe rose. Wallypug had snatched it. She had held on so tight that the stem remained in her hand when Wallypug devoured the head of the flower. It : was. plain that Captain 'Chariton sus- pccted something -wrong, and intended to "back out'.' of the. stipulated reward. ,A diamond tiara or a tricycle being at slake, it was not to be expected that she should assist him on his road to discovery, and) after a fruitless half-hour, 'Colonei Weather ley left her, having made no advance to wards tho solution, ol the myetory. ' , The weeks went on', piling themselves into months, and the. battle of Omdurinan was' fought, and all. England read the list :of killed and wounded. Tho Weatherleys. did not talk much about that list, for Captain Everard Charlton's name appeared under the heading " Severe ly ..Wouuded," and it was tacitly recognised tnat there might be a limit to Hilda's powers of endurance.: Hilda of coarse saw the xiapere. as everyone else did; but it wus much to her that- she was not expected to discuss their contents,'- even, with her gar rulous mother. She was thankful '-for .the grace of being allowed to eat her- heart out ' in secret and in -silence. " It' was one day later 011 in the autumn, when she was not' in the room — but Puck was — that Colonel Weatherley told his wife tin item of news which ' had jnst reached him. Captain Charlton had come home, and was with his own people at Bichmond. He wis making a very slow recovery, and was not-expected to be fit for anything for many months; but tbe glory of a D.S.U., in Colonel Weathecley's, opinion, more than compensated for shattered health. Puck ; listened, and took ' mental notes. She knew Bichmond, having visited 'friends there more than once. She had plenty of pocket money, and, most important of all, she had a very- bud pain in her conscience It hai been increasing some time, fed by the sight of Hilda's xinle misery ; and after the battle of Albara.it had become almost unbearable. Confession at home was not ta bu thought of.; but something must' be done; : and she regarded this news' as her opportunity. Next morning she did not ap pear at breakfast, and about the time when search was being made for her at home a -small unexpected - visitor arrived ' at the Charltons house j \- She had a- struggle to obtain permission to see -the invalid son, who wiis the centre of care' 'and: solicitude to the whole house hold'; but, after much reasoning and im ploring, she found - herfielf taken by the hand and led to a room where her old friend wns stretched on an immensely long sofa. - "Colonel Weathorley's little girl has como all 'the way fr'qin Aidershot by' her. self to see you, Everard."' said Mrs. Charl ton, "and I thpuglit- you might; like to have her with you for. a few minutes; Not if it tires' you, of course," she added anxi ously. . . . "It won't tire me," ho said, and Puck shook hands with him very gravely. She was very painfully, impressed by the ghost of his voice and the ghost of himself, and she longed to get the business of her visit over. ' . "Please, may I see you alone?" she asked, with solemn importance. ."I. won't let him talk," she assured Mrs. Charlton, "and what 1 have to say won't take. more than five minutes." . " Very well ; not more than five minutes, honour bright," said Mrs. Charlton, anr swerlng a glance from her son ; and she went away, leaving him to Pack and his . happy fitto. " I want to make a confession;" said Puck, in such a hurry that ,'her words tumbled over each "other. "But first you must toll me, had that red riise any mean ing? Did' it 'mutter'- whether Hilda got exactly that very. ono? You mustn't speak, yon know- Just hod your head or shake it. Ho nodded.. . " Well, Hilda jiever got it. Wallypug snapxied it from'me.and chewed it up; and I picked another rose and took it to her instead. Next morning 1 know something had happened, because Dad came into my room ever. so early and bullied mo -to tell him -what mistake I had made ; but.! wouldn't" tell, becttuso. I thought if you found out you,' would - hovel' give me the diamond tiara or the tricycle ; and tbe next think I heard was- that you had gono away to too fighting, so there would have been .no good in -tolling then. . Hilda is miserable. . She's been miserable all the time. And you're awfully -hurt. . And per-' haps it's all my fault. Is it? Is it? - Just noa or shake ggain." " What colour wob too rose?" he asked with dry . lips, /'I mean , toe rose- you picked instead' of mine." ' "It was -a yellowish thing. Did -the colour matter? I nevcr thought. of that at the time;" V '; ' ' ' ) ' Mrs. Charlton came back, and held out her. hand to ".lead Puok away. "Mother," ho said, "I want you to send d telegram for me, itnd Puck will stay, to luiioh." .) Tho telegram was to Colonel. Weatherley, and raid: " Puok is here, and has ex plained everything;— Will, you come to fetch her?" ' ) A midday train' brought Puck's father, and he in. his turn telegraphed to Hilda. . It was late in the afternoon when she arrived, and what happened after that needs no telling. ' ' . Early in the New Year there wus a wed ding, nt which Puck was chtof bridesmaid, although she did not deserve to be ; and the bridegroom,: whose income, was not suf ficient- to ' conipass a diamond tiara, , gave her the most delight fnl tricycle sho could have imagined, in her wildest dreams. 