Tr«eksiii the iKrxt. [BY L.R.] There is i?n odd side to the furious patriot and tins crops upnow and then Last week, one South-Eastern paper ooutained the usual brand of " loyal" leading article, H i h all the accustomed trade mark* of " liberfy of man" and " freedom under the British flag " blown in the bottle, so to speak, and on the next page a frolicsome little paragraph getting wild fun out of the fact that a Chinee, wlio had got over the border lDto South Australia at Serviceton, had been grabbed by the poli-e and gaily heaved back into Victoria, of which province he was a resident. . He was thus unceremoniously fired out because he represented a race which was highly civilized when our Forefathers wre bare-skinned and blue-painted savages ; a race which had, through Confucius, given to the world one o? the highest known codes of morality and virtue, while our ancestors still sacrificed human victims on the altars ot their brutal religion ; a rape that hacl newspapers when the Briton marked the date of bis heathen festivals on a notched stick. We beautifully consistent South Australians air sending soldiers, to cut the throats of Boers allegedly because they claim the right to restrict the government of their country to those whom they think fit to govern, while we at home absolutely refuse to allow the Chinese even residence in our country unless they are prepared to pay a large fine for tne crime of belonging to a particular race. * * * . The riotous whoop of the " patriot' is 110 longer heard m the land; it has died so peacefully that it is hard to believe it ever existed. No doubt, its gliost will •walk again out of mere braggadocio before the final conclusioa of the Transvaal trouble, but we can now shed a tear and drink a beer to the repose of its soul or to whatever other brand of spirit animated it. "We are now beginning to find out that the Jingos who howled so loudly for "the rights of man" and " British justice," have been patriotically supplying sawdust cartridges, adulterated food and phoddy clothes to the "Tommj " who was dying for the Cause in South Africa, so that he could die more successfully and surely, and shed a brighter halo round the Jingo and add a soulful note to the poets wail. Likewise* we have 'fc.tmd that the bullet that entered " Tommy's" abdomen and left him "squealing like a hurt harp "op the veldt, Hc-as moulded in British factories and driven by a British-made explosive out of a gun supplied to the Boers by the family of Mr. Joe Chamberlain. Moreover, we are discovering that the "Patriotic Fund," raised to assist the war-made widows and orphans, is being KO hopelessly mis- used that the British Government has to threaten to lay violent hands on it to prevent fat •' patriots" from devouring it utterly. This is only the beginning. When the ghost of Imperialism is finally laid and the whoop of the " patriot" is no longer heard in the land, we will find out things that will make those who fomented the agitation kick themselves, and hide in the dark places of the earth, and call for the mountains to fall on them, and generally to cnt capers that will be amusing to the philosopher. * * One of the most curious things about the War-party is the way it has shifted ground. Its argaments have been as mobile as Boer cavalry. First it was claimed that it was the debarring of Uitlanders from citizens rights, that was ETUJ ;er's mortal sin. Then it was unfeelingly pointed out on unimpeachable authority that a foreigner could become - a citizen of the Transvaal in two years and oil payment of £2 2s., while, in Britain, the foreigner had to wait five years and pay £6 before he could be naturalised. Also, when a petition of 21,0Q0 British *nbjep{is } presented on March 24th, 1899, and praying for the redress of grievances, Was urged as proof of Kruger's iniquity, it was inconsiderately shown that, in May, 1899, a petition of over 20,000 Uitlanders, got up in a few weeks, was presented to the British Government, denying the alleged grievances and stating that the other petition was got up by capitalists. Then the warparty shifted ground and said that the taxation of tae Transvaal was unjust and oppressive. The aew position Was made untenable by the plain proof that the '* breakfast table " and general food-staffs, Vrhich are heavily tared in South Australia and still more heavily taxed in British South Africa, were on the free d u a DDw t m list in the Transvaal. Likewise, the Statesman's Yedr-B'oolc ' gave u nk intl H eridpnee that the total .customs taxation iithsmMoT• Vrfthe Uepublic was less thanone-half of that pf Victoria'and about one-third that of ffritish Cape Colony. There was anotbec- shift and the brutal treatment of the nigger was alleged as . the reason of the war. Immediately the slaughter of the Matabelesbj the British Chartered Company wps held up as a counter claim, • While, high 1 ' British Authorities, Bryoe, ! 3?roude and others, were cited to show " , that, if the Boer treatmentof natives was aino harfh, it was no harsher, .than, the ' treatineiit of the natives in many British possessions, While it was a m(ich more effective way of dialing with the black difficulty. .There was no more teljing proof of this than that the black;population of the Trausvaol had increased urider o Boer wile from 20,0£M to over half a a milium, while; under $iitish rulc< ih mbs t s t u u j d O h t lmdbeSn cow slight expansion. When tfie nigger apparition was at ife beit.fJosepih Ch&tnberlain; %as «ihf6eling> enough -to Ray th&t;, in so - many wbrds, the war'yas jnerelj^a do^ fight to see whicli was the Letter, dog. This wia.s jE»nc}tt%d,;buf so brutal that the Warparty'baii'to modify it. Therefore, it was urged that there gW8iS & v&ftt; Dutch con* Afrle*a.an8 tfiat*lhp colftpfracJ' tiaS, So-' cording to the London Daily Mail, been afdbt for eighteen years, There was and Ls iit> evid^ffl'&'ttf the conspiracy, but last week onB reverend gentleman, whostr article was printed in the SLA. jRcgistcr t stated that'the fact o? the conspiracy was " as a revelation from God." This, sainted blasphemer, who wijtfcfes 'to c≪'God'to support a A'eak arganrent> represents bbnut all the evidence there is of a Dtrtfli con- 1 spiracy in South Africa prerlous to the preseDt war. In 1889 the fidndon;' Times published an article afes«ting froni the evidence of personal inspection that m the Transvaal "tbe military inefficiency was beneath contempt." Further die enquiry mto the Janjiesoh S Kaid proved. and the evidence may be found in its report, that Major White-, Colotiel Jtthodes and Captain Ehodes visited Pretoria in 1895, at the expense of the CharterCfl Company 'and'&s; a pre- liminary to the Jamies6n Haiti, and that these exports, : 6n -fthose judgment depended a large'undertaking and many lives, declared that the Tran- Svaal'armament consisted only of old-fashioned guns unfit for work. The Transvaal budgets tell the same tale and for four years previous to the Jamieson Jiaid the annual expenditure m armaments was not equal to South Australia's annual expenditure lor the four years before 1900, while there was no other item in the budget before 1895 in which so large a military expenditure as has been alleged could be concealed. Th* arming of the Transvaal began after the Kaid, was done in open daylight, and was declared by Lord Bosmead to be "defensive and not offensive," while in the beginning of last year even Mr. Chamberlain admitted that he had no objection to the arming. That the Cape Dutch and members of the Africander Board were loyal to Britain even after the liaid was shown by Sir Alfied Milner who in his official despatch of August 25th, 1897, said that | • It is impossible to doubt that the leeling of loyalty among all sections of the population is much stronger than has oxhetimes been believed." Likewise the London Times of May 46th, 1899. again cauie foi vi ard to show that the Africander Bond arnjed at nothing more than we in Australia have had for forty years. That there was no conspiracy in the Orange ire.} State it is impossible to doubt for in 1895 that country offered money and arms to Britain to fight the Trans* aal. On which side was the conspiracy to fprce war was shown clearly. Mr. Rhodes who was the instigator of the Kaid, said, whwi that piratical schemo burst, " That method has failed ; we will try the constitutional method." Speak- ing in August, 1899, m England he said " islrugcr will bluff and bluster and bully, but it will take a great deal to make him fight." On top of this Mr. Balfour, Leader of the British House of Common*, in September, 181)9, said, Few men were rash enough to say that the South African Question would culminate in war but in all probability we shall (by this agitation) obtain such rights for the Uitlanders as shall at least tide over the year 1899 the present difficulty, until perhaps some period arrived when, either by accident or design it might, suit the Boer leaders to precipitate a struggle." Could anything be clearer than that there was no Boer conspiracy discernible when war began, or that it was the British Government that was trying to incite to war either then or at some future time. 