THE MAPLEWO0O MVS] It was called Maplewood. There were ens hu;-.ii ( ..J-and fifty acres in the cstate-on-! hu;.;i.'ed acres of land ::nd fifiy acix-s of water —hi a beautiful lake up^n the'northern slioro of M hurli. backed by o f.,. at of huge maples 6ln:,«i the mansion. * t'jptain Kalph Sev- ns had livfd j n the mansion until he died. He had never niarri-d —<>-, at least, he had never had a wife in this country and the only members of his household whom he had jvlnvltr-.d to sliaro at all in his companionship had u°er) Seth and Hester Dabney—the two servants who had been with him from the bejin-iing-. Ujian his deatli-bpd, contrary to gcnrrsl expectation, Captain Ralph bad remembered a sister, and to this sistei and her heirs he Iwd willed his estate. She was a widow namxl Aliiertun. Shu camc to Maplewood, bringing with her an only daughter. But Mrs. Atnciton did not remain.at Maplewood" a monlh. She got frightened at strange things which happened there, and moved a way; and ere long she died. And so Maplewood came to be the property of Lillie Atherton, her daughter. But Lillie would not go live there. She let old 1 3a d Hester Dabney hold the place in charge, to find tenants if possible. Parties came and hired the mansion, but they did not remain. . Captain Severns had been dead three years, and fully a score of people had tried to live at Maplewood and bad failed, when my r |ttci:;ion was abraded by the beauties of the place. I had just come home, and had promised my wife that I would try and settle dowo. My wife and Miss Atherton were friends, and it was partly through thiB friendship that I was led to Maplewood. Lillie shook her head and advised me not to go. She told me candidly that it was haunted. She had herself Been and heard most frightful things there. But I was determined to make the trial. And so, with a letter from Lillie, we presented ouraelves at Maplewood. I found old Dabney to be a man of 60, or thereabouts, and his wife of the same a^e- They were meek and humble, and seemed anxious to serve me. In fact, Seth was altogether too meek. He had evidently schooled himself into the character. His face was cunning and sinister. Besides Seth and Hester, I found dwelling at Maplewood - _ Peter Dabney j and """ his wife. »UC. ±*eter was ajyoung man of five-and-twenty', and his wife was an innocent- looking mm... with_tb<> appearance of a household drudge. > shook his head with mysterious solemnity when I told him I had hired the place, and said he hoped I might be able ; to do w£at osiers jhad not done, I asked Seth how he" and WB wifeha? managed to remain there; and he replied that be bound himself by an oath to Captain Balph that he would remain and care for the mansion while lived. g- " And how," I asked, " does your sou and his wife manage to stand it? : "My, boy," answered Seth, with a sigh, " stays for his poor mother's sake. Could I have had my own way, under the impressions which forced themselves upon me. I should have turned old Dabney and his family out before I moved in; but that could not be done, as it had been a condition of Captain Ralph's will that Seth and Hester should find a home beneath the roof while they lived. So die OabneyB were permanent fixtures. • ' On our first night at Maplewood we were kept up until very late; It was almost midnight before our beds had.been set up, a'nd while the servants were at woric In that de. department my wife Molly and myself worked at our library. The clock had jnst struck twelve when Peter's - wife—her name was Lucy—looked in and informed us that the chamber was arranged. • I was hanging a picture, and wished to finish it before J left' (it. Molly's dressing-case waa in a snail' room upstairs, and she said she would ran and get it- She took a candle and went. I had finished my work, and had just folded up my step-ladder when my wife came lushing in, with her candle extinguished, and as she dropped her dressing-case upon the floor I caught her in my arms. She was pale and "frightened. As soon as ehe could speak I heard her etory. v witw ' She had gone'to the room and got her case; and as she reached the bead of the staircase* on her return Bhe had seen upon the land! ing,. at her eight a female figure robed in jwhite, with blood' upon its ashen face, and. with dabs of blood upon its drapery. The spectre waved its hand and said to her in an awful whisper: "Woman, there Is a curse house,- and upon all who follow in iuponthie the_footeteps of-Kalph Severns! " Surely this was'not a pleasantopening; baft I urged? upon my wife she had not been harmed, and, furthermore, that a respectable ghost would have appeared to me rather thae V> her. * "Jt was cowardly," I told her, "to frighten a woman when there was a man in *bg.faguse.-." And I kissed her and asked her ifSBewouldwait until I hadseen the spectre. She said she should not fear while I was near hen* 1 . It was half-an-hour after midnight when ^^jgetiredf The chamber which we had selected was^the pleasantest one in the mansion _ re room, with a deep bay window loofiugt down upon tfielakeT I left a smaU lamp burning uqoo the dressing-table, a n 4bemg very tired, I fell asleep soon. Hofc- fong i' had slept I cannot say, but I was^awakened by my wife, who was clinging to me in fright. As I awoke I heard a low moamug. as of someone in distress; and piesently'a whftper, as though the speaker were close to my ear: y.'LA curse is upon this house, and upon all w&o; would follow in the footsteps of Ralph Severns! Beware!"' The lamp had been extinguished, and while the foregoing words were being whimpered the apartment was pervaded by a EUIphurous, wavering glare—and presently' a ggmale figure appeal ed at the foot of the be<I. surely nothing of human mould, fof*- irSSb^upon the air, and as I sat up I §puld setyts feet treadin? empty.'space on a levei ' with the bed-framu! The figure bowed i'c lirn.rf. flndjiHtfid away into air. > At soon as I couia collect my scattered senses 1 biMkc from my wife's grasp :tnd I wiped out upon the floor, and very quickly ;ij;!:!t'<l the lamp. The doors were fast— 1 ' 'Vc^11 * 1 lia ' i Ieft t5,e ' n : the windows had !»,) Uocii touched: the hangings were all in \;!:T I: -.Vif t . 1 Kid held the reins of direction .»v should have packed up in the morning :md left^for slic was not only convinced that -he lia-trsecn a bona-ttde ghost, but'she beii'jved.that the terrible visitation would be repeated so long as we remained baneath the r "" f: 1 waa net to be driven, off. so. easily The figure which I had seen in our chamber hut a shadow—I knew that. But whence ca ne it ? My wife thoupht, from the landj of spirits; but I,did not. T] la the morning old Dabney made it his' business to ask me how I had rested. I told hiiu I had been seriously disturbed; and £ Kave him to understand that if the spirits of Captain Severn's departed rictims wished' to inhabit the place, I should leave. 1 could see by the oM man's facc, as be,' 1 ui ned away, tliat lie was satisfied. It was a: vc-rv slight toke.. .vhich his face gave, but it' was a key to the mystery. As soon as I could get away by myself I went up into our chamber, taking" with me a hammer and a chisel. ~ Aronnd the chamber was a high oaken wainscot, and this I procccde.5 to sound with' my hammer, and veiy soon I found a place) opposite the foot of the bed which gave J hollow sound. Never mind the details of my! search. It occupied time, but I succeeded in the end. I found entrance into tiiis lastnamed place from the cellar, and there I found what I had anticipated—a powerful argand-burner, with a polished concavc r©fiector; two large mirrors set at a proper angle for throwing areflection upwards-; and directly in the line of this reflection was die sliding panel in the. wainscot of my chamber. I also found a long white robe; and itfj was no longer a mystery how the ghostly! spectacle had been produced. I found speak-' ing tubes leading upward, and upon return-; ing to my chamber I found a point at the head of the bed where the wall-paper watfj perforated, and upon putting my fingeil through I found the end of the tube! Thu? the dreadful whispei s were accounted for. ( Old Dabney had Bpe^i both time antf money in perfecting his SUT3P<*enient foe, frightening tenants away from Maplewood^ and he had hoped that for a mere nominal sum be might m time be able to purchase the estate; but his hopes were crushed whew' 1 appeared to him with the proofs of his trickery. f. If he had thought to deny anything, I very soon convinced him that I had seen the world, and that all attempts at further deception would be worse than useless. To save himself from public condemnation, he finally confessed. He showed me how he had arranged wooden troughs under the eaves, and deep down in the cellar, an which to roll 1 cannon-tails for die production of thunder; and he shewed to mc other speaking tubes,! leading from a point below to various points' above, by means of which he could cause, the saiue voice to sound in different parts of the' mansion — at the »•= same MUIB time. ume. He tie confessed: comesseo' a,^_j*Mj 1 w J f U? n<l his eon's wife often 1 appeared "" to female guests in ghostly guise, which accounted for my wife's fright npoir the landing, ' _ I sent for Miss Atherton, and in the depth! ofner gratitude for the regained estate sha allowed Seth and his family to depart unwhipped of justice; and we heard of them no more. ,,. / (The End.) 