? The annivart«y ^ the -United itti „on Xnfcccotdarijpe mutou, the serVices nvited for the ^oeeanon. In cOnaeuence of 4feis fact and *he glorious under the «ood«ict^ cf Mr H. Pretty, very c r ^ ^ sang the .following anthems ;— a Bow down thine ear," " Thereshsli no evil befall thee," "Be near us," "Great Jehovah," " God and "Make & joyful ante the Lord." Hiss C. LePage, as a<*ual, most efficiently presided at the organ. The Rev J. J. Watsford (Wesleyan), occupied the pulpit on Sunday at 11 a.m., and 7 p.m., and preached two powerful and instructive sermons. Ir the afternoon the Rev. W. Hoskin (Bible Christian) officiated, and notwithstanding that' he has psssed the allotted three score years and ten the rev. gentleman displayed exceptkmsl energy and earnestness in his preaching. The Rev. Mr Watsford selected the words for bis p morning's discourse from Neheiusb Tin. 10—" For the joy of the Lord Is jour strength." The pnacher said that by the way some people made a profession of relij^on it nught"be cbnstraed that the Christian's life was gloomy and joyless one. But men and women who had the assurance in their hearts that they had been received into the liberty of God felt a joy that made them happy, and naturally they became concerned about the future welfare of their fellow creatures. There was a joy in God, not experienced by the wicked, but it was possible to all men to realise it. The conditions under which joy may be secured were plainly set forth In the scriptures. Some persons tried to satisfy themselves that it mattered not how bad their lives were God was too good to be unkind. This doctrine was certainly contrary to she word, of God, and when such people came to die they would realise that it was all a muddle. It was not so with the Christian, who under all circumstances was able to say that God reigns and I will trust Him. There were times when some professing Christians made a great outward show, but they possessed very little of the joy that comes from living pure and holy lives. Such people often made up in length what they lacked in depth by making long prayers. God did not look upon the outward appearance of men. It was by the heart that he judged them. Hypocritical living was a dangerous element in regard to religion. He had noticed in Mel bourne on Mafeking day that people showed their love for the empire, and their admiration for the gallant Colonel Baden- Powell with intense enthusiasm and great public rejoicingB. Why was it that people were not as earnest in showing their love for the Devine Creator ? His advice was to old and young to get rid of sin and receive in its place that joy and peace which the world cannot give neither can it takeaway. In the afternoon the Rev. Mr Hoskin chose as his text the 14th and four following verses of the 5?d chapter of Ephesiaas. For this cause I bow my knees unto the Father of bur Lord, etc. The preacher said that prayer was one of the great and grand principles of the Apostle Paul's life. He left no one out in his petitions. Before his conversion, Paul had lived a life in direct opposition to the will of God, but having found by experience that there was e better and nobler life to be attuned, he declared this unto others. Paul told the Ephesians that they were to be the temples of Ged. This meant that they were to lead holy lives. What Paul told the Ephesians, he (the preacher) re- iterated to those present that afternoon. The wicked were responsible for planting the roots of bitterness, but God planted the roots of love in the hearts of those who live as He would have them do. The measure of love that God gives to his people is not based on the name of the church, or theology. It is given in accordance with holy living. To grow in grace there must be a continuous knocking and pleading with God, who is the dispenser of every good and perfect gift. The preacher earnestly implored his hearers to apprehend with all saints the heights, depths, lengths, and breadths of the love to God. In the evening Mr Watsford spoke from the text—' Jesus answered and said unto him, ( H a man loves me he will keep my words,'" etc. The word love, said the preacher, was hard to define. It was a passion that was hard to r^tos&i;,: Jjb_*f*i sends supreme afiaction and the supreme object for people's love is Jesus Christ. He is ,the cherished among ten thousand and the altogether d ko lovely. Wben a man had love for his work, it made his tasks light and his labor easy. Parents loved their children, but in some cases they found it necessary to use the rod rather than spoil the child that they would give their lives to save from any tt It was said that owing to the confidence and love the soldiers bad for Lord Roberts that they wouM follow him anywhere. It was a difficult matter to get people to obey, but if people want to get to Heaven they will have to keep the lords Commandments. Christ wants lovej He said " If any man loves me ray Father will love him" Xove was never satisfied unless the loved one was near } and the Deepen , who had this love for Christ m his lie^rt could sing, "I know that my ®»ther in Heaven loves me." tore wants. love, It has been said that when poverty^ comes in at the - door, love Ays out of the window. This w&s; « otas Heir ~ ' 1 ~ — T bn true love. The wife ybo ***** in the g r a c e ^ ... /"TEDS TEA 'A public trf^fiSfcu - S * StoreyHf lS 8 «on. The ladies wha Republic meeting. J ^ ^ Mjoununeut Was aade to the church, wh*re «.» ~ testing was held? He ^ 'P^lic TOj commenced by the singinTof^ hymn " All hail the power^W —name. ' 1 The Rev Mr Hoskin, ht^ offered prayer, f- McComb, who presided, said that he noticed the next itemS addHas. H e migbt ^ pe mitted fy> £°wevv that it was not until he £ H 8 i ^ n the body of the ^ had been asked to take tte pomtion. He very much regrettS that the gentleman who had been invited was unable to be present. His osition reminded him of a story relating-to an organ builder who arranged for a public test of an or°an he had manufactured. Ontheoccarion of the test, the man placed a boy at o ™ t 8 a ® to work the bellows. The instrument, however refused to give a satisfactory account of itself. This was so annoying to the builder that he cal'ed out blow boy i Wow! The boy, who was working his hardest, replied " It's all very welf Sir, to say blow boy! blow! but where is the vind to come from. He had consented to take the chair and he supposed it was expected that he would give a speech, but he would ask where were his ideas to come from, It was hard for one to concentrate his ideas and make a speech fitting to suzh an occasion without previous study. However, he was glad to do anything for the cause of Christ. (Hear, hear, i They had met that evening for the i purpose of trying to extend Christ's Kingdom. Things were not bright, financially, but while they had God on their side they had no fear as to the ultimate outcome. (Applause.) An anthem was sung by the choir, and then Mr A. G. Penwarn read a statement, showing the receipts and expenditure for the year just closed. Mr Burton (a visitor), who was the next speaker, said, as a christian, he was glad to be present. He had been invited to speak, and he would be like the young student, who, after preaching his first sermon on being asked how he had got on, said, Oh ! I preached like an angel. " What do you mean V' asked the qcesticaer. " I mean," replied the student " that I preached with all my heart, and I presume that an angel could not have done more," and h (Mr Burton), would speak with all his heart. He never felt strange when he mixed with christian men and women. After referring at length to the spread of Christianity in the world in the face of numerous attacks by infidels and ethers, the speaker recounted some personal reminiscences, concluding an interesting address by wishing the church God speed. The Rev Mr Hoskin, who favorably reviewed the question of the colonies being federated, told the young people that they never need be ashamed of their ancestors, and advised them to think evil of no man; to expunge all impure thoughts, and to seek Christ and his righteousness, which was the grand panacea for all spiritual requirements. He had been saved from the dominion of sin, and his life had been full of joy. People would never realise a complete satisfaction till they were filled with the Holy Ghost. He had been a christian for 56 years, and his life, had been an eventful one. God had indeed led him in a way that he knew not of, and it was his determination to trust Him to the end of hiB journey. (Applause.) The Rev R. L. Reed, pastor of the church, said he had just come to Iolydale as one of God's messengers. He realised his responsibility, and his earnest prayer was that the Holy Spirit would guide and direct him in all his undertakings. Already there were signs that God was recognising the work being carried on in the church. Stall there was plenty of work to be done, and God expected them to do their share of it. Mr Daniels moved a comprehensive vote of thanks to the ladies: Messrs, W. Button and Walton; the chairman ; the preachers who officiated on the Sunday; and Mr J. Arnott for boiling the water for the tea. In moving the ote Mr Daniels referred to the good feeling existing in the church, and expressed regret that clr- .i^m-fr^ had ^intervened which would shortly necessitate his severance with » church that he had become much attached to.- Mr A. G. Penwarn seconded the vote of thanVw, which was carried by acclamation, and the singing of the doxoloigy brought the proceedings to a close. 