THE BUROHIC PLAGUE. . Sydney. Thumlav. No fresh eases of the plague wore re ported to-day, Bokdhk Minstrel and. Variety Company.— The entertainment . to be in aid of the Corowa Hospital, promised to he doubly Buccessful, nnd the business manager. Sir. .J. Elder, who is an oxcep- tionsily hard-working leader, auticipatea n " record " houso. Cheap Fares to Sydney.— Special excursion ticketa will he issued to Sydney and intermediate, statioos on Tuesday, 26th June, by traiu leaving Corowa at 12.45 p.m. The return fares to Sydney are 50s. 5d. first class, ami 33e. 7d. second class, The Sheep Show opons in Syduey on 28th Juue. Annual Dances.— The Corowa Volun teer Fire Brigsdo announce that tho annual ball, in aid of the funds of tho brigade, will bo held in the Oddfellows' Hall on Wednesday evening, 4th July.— At a recent meeting of the Loyal Border Lojlge, M.U.I.O.O.F., it was decided to hold the annua) ball next montb, and a committee was appointed to arrango de- toils. Lecture on the War.— On Wednes day night laat the Rev. T. H. James de li vercda lecture in the Wahgunyah Con gregational Church, in which he gave a very clear illustration of affairs in South Africa as regards the Boers and British. There was a very small attendance, which was no doubt due to the want of adver tising. The speaker explained that the Boers did not care to be bound to the Union Jack, as tiiey wanted more liberty —liberty to plunder, murder, &c.;— and he coold quite understand how an Eng lishman could not stand by and hear a pro-Boer say that there was not liberty under the Britiah Heir: Th. traced the various movements from the time when England delivered the Boers from the Kaffirs up to the present stage, and was frequently applauded by his hearers. Wesleyan Ciiukcu. — A successful lantsrn entertainment was given in the Wesleyan Church on Wednisday evcninc test by the Rev. A. T. Huggart, B A., in connection with the Corowa Band of Hope. The pictures shown were illus trative of. tho temperance story 11 Ten Nights in a Bar Room " Dickeo'e Christ- mas story" Msrley's Ghost." Arciuling. by Mr. Cooper, entitled "Tho Life Boat?' was illustrated by Beven beautifully coloured pictures. Two short humourous stories, entitled "The Mouse Hunt." and "The Barred Window," were given vth accompanying illustrations, and crested much nmusoraent, particularly umong the younger members of the audience. Durtug the evening two little hoys, (Rupert Smith and Arthur Cary) sang " Sons of the Set." Miss Katie DruimuonU and Mias Ethel Smith also contributed to the programme with Bongs, and altogether a very pleasant aud prolltablo evcuing was ejient. A Disallowed Land Application.— Much indignation is expressed amongst tho firming community in connection with the action of tho Afbury land board in disallowing Miss Bauer's application In m IminnnlMn Inaa. Tl<;> successful in t ballot with 150 others for land which was disallowed on roferanco to the board, on the ground that tho ap plication was not bom Mo, At a meet- 1 fog of the Pleasant Hills farmers reac tions were carried affirming that great hardship bad been inflicted on Miss Bauer, and asking tlmkths lease should bo sent back to the Board for further evldonce ; that a subscription list should he opened with a view of assisting Miss Bauer to obtain a rehearing of her case; and that the views of the residents should bo brought under the notice of the Under Secretary for Lands by Sir William Lrno A largely attended meeting of farroeH woe also held m Jindera on Saturday night, when similar resolutions were adopted, Other members of Mias Bauer's family were spplicsnte for the same land, and the business in connection with her application was transacted by her father from which circumstance it is alleged the board concluded that her application was not bonajide. 