THE BEAUTIFUL MRS. LEAOH t PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL 'ARRANGEMENT. TBsr O-ES--SSCaaa:, kutbo- .-if "A Strange Solution," "The Star Child," "Meresla, When the Birds Begin to Sing," "The Great House of Castleton,",&c;„ &c.; CO PTRIOH T.J CHAPTER XXXIV.— (Continued). .John Morrow gave a sigh of relief; he had feared Crlstlna might stand out and abso lutely refuse the bargain. . "You had better go at once to Isaacs," he said, striking while the Iron was hot with characteristic promptness. "Ah, what mo- nev-basrs lie behind that wlllowv vouth with the angelic tenor! He will prove an acqui sition, I feel sure, to the celestial choir when ,we have done with him." . Mr. Morrow laughed shortly at his own ' grim Jest, and conducted Crlstlna to the door. She left him without another word, and Blowly descended the broad shallow stairs, As If by intuition Monteflore came out from the Bmokijig-room and caught lior hands. "I felt you were near me," he said. "I al- Jvays know. You cast a ray of sunshine be- ore you, which pierces through every barrier, and reaches my heart." ""Barriers are for, those who cannot fly." said Crlstlna, lightly; "naturally they would not exist between you and me." She led the way to the conservatory. He followed Joyfully, taking this as a sign of surrender. He drew two low wicker chairs close agalnfet each other, and prayed her to be seated. ., .. . , "IsVIt all, .-right?". he asked, looking, her straight in, the eyes. . 1 | She bent 'he't head. "Do you — do you really i love me?" she asked. 1 "How can you doubt It after nil I have said and suffered? Hove I iiot waited patiently, | till the suspense crushed my spirits, and drove me half-distracted? Wlion I see your gaze resting on"- other men, your smiles given to tliem, I fear for my reason. A frenzy seizes me, and I can hardly restrain myself from : snatching you away, holding you back, and crying aloud that you shall bo mine!" ! "Dear boy, you should have lived In the i days when- gallunts captured frail women's hearts by storm, and carried them off bodily on chargers, without waiting for their consent. The enthusiasm of youth is a little startling to;a sedate old widow like myself." She. murmured "old" with such a coquettish glance from under her splendid lashes that Monte caught her to his heart, and stammered out poetical phrases, describing the lady of his affection a3 eternally young, with "ting ling hair," all "warmth and scent." Crlstlna. released herself, and told him not to be absurd. She declared her entire igno rance of what "tingling hair" could mean, and felt none the wiser when he added "out breaking Into fairy sparks," and coupled his wild phantasy with the name of Browning. '"I have no time to read poetry," she Inform ed him; "modern women need " to suffer ter ribly from ennui before they go to the poets In search of consolation. I knew a lady who Hp' iti.ifl nu hnil nu irnltli' trt thfl dogs morally— only less Interesting." .- "Dearfest Crlstlna," ho answered, "you are trying to make me believe you worldly and unromantic. Don't I know, «the store of, beauty Wlilch Ues lioaptq, up In' your pure' white squl? Have I not seen all the goodness In you from the very, first? - Do l need ano ther voice to tell me you are an angel, but the promptings of my own heart? I have mado a study.' of character, and can read you through- and through. I am never deceived in my Judgment." Crlstlna smiled to herself. It .always had amused her to hear the proverbial pride with which people will tell each other of their ac curacy In discern. ng u,e mind which ifi by the law. of Nature .locked against them. "It is a great talent," she' said, "to probe beneath! the surface, to see Into the soul. Fortune, has favoured you; I would I had your gift." > ' "But you know a good deal," he replied. "You guessed I cottM not help loving you, and you let me— yes, yes, your eyes gave per mission from the last moment we met. You are like your namesake, 'Crlstlna,' in that beautiful poem of Browning's— and you spell It the same way— without an h. What! you have never read those eight verses written of 'Cristlna?' I can hardly believe you. The opening lines have been ringing in my head ver since you first glanced across your crowd of guests In »ny direction." He quoted softly; ''She should never have looked at me _Jit she meant I should not love her! Sniere are plenty men, you call such, I suppose she may discover (All her soul to, If she pleBases, . .nd yet leave much as she found their' But I'm not so, and she knew It .When she fixed me, glancing round them." "Thank you," cried Mrs. Leach, with a little toss of her head, "for accusing me of these base designs. Widows are always sup posed to keep their eyes widely opened, seek ing whom they may devour. But I have never been taunted before with 'fixing any one with 'Intent to kill,' " "How you misconstrue my words I" Blghed the love-sick youth. "I meant no such thing." "I wonder," murmured Crlstlna, "If you would, under pressing circumstances, give up everything for my sake? Supposing you were called upon to die— for your Cristlna," "I would sacrifice my life to win one soft -word from your dear lips," he answered, fer vently. "I deem living ns worthless without your presence." "I daresay," continued Crlstlna, "you think It morbid and strange of me to have asked such a question, but do you know, I had a reason. My first husband was murdered, and I fear for my second. Some enemy Is abroad, tracking my footsteps, striking me In the dark. I dare not go openly to church with you in order to get married, for fear of as sassination. Perhaps It is the. price I must pay for this face you have termed beautiful. Seme Jealous woman, or perhaps a fanatic, who Imagines I am not of ordinary human fabric, and prefers to see me on a pedestal of virtue, unmated to mere man — alone, like a thing of stone! I will marry you, Monte, quickly, with Just the necessary delay for arrangements, If our wedding can be abso lutely private. My father agrees with my fears: he does not regard them as childish fancies. But perhaps you are better apart from me. I tremblo to lead you into danger, for— I love you!"- She twined her arms about his neck, land let her soft breath play upon his brow. . The delight of her touch Intoxicated him. What cared he for peril In the wild delirium of that moment? Had not her voice quivered melo diously, and tears rushed Into her eyes as she murmured those ever - to-be-remcmbered words: "I love youl" Enough that she had Bald them; never again would he let her take back that frdnlc avowal 1/ She was his now to guard and che rish. No evil could touch them, he told him self, with the strength of their love to war against the world. ."Dearest," ho whispered,' "fear nothing, either for yourself or for me. The clouds which have overshadowed you In the past shall break, and the sunshine, burst through. I feel strong enough to face the deadliest foe; the powers of evil must surely sink Into In significance before such love as ours." "But about the wedding,. Monte. You won't put me to the terror of a public ceremony; you will consent to a private " "Crlstlna! CrlBtina!" he broke . In, "do you think I could deny a. single wish of your heart? How little you know me! Name any place — any hour — I am but your slave to do your will." "in the Oak Room, then," she said, and a sharp pain shot through her heart, for she thought of her first meeting there with Oliver ilBlllUi Ue CHAPTER XXXV.— A PLEASANT REVERIE. r Oris tinu'a braln -was In a whirl; so much lay before her she hardly dared trust herself to think. Monteflore's llght-heartcdness Jarred . on her; for she could not forget the failure of the gambling evening. : Loss of 'money out her deeply, and anger mingled with the sting. Her lover expected her to bo always at his side, ready to enter Into his thoughts and feelings. The struln began to tell upon her nerves, and at last she spoke 'out. "I have so many arrangements to make, and such numbers of friends to see, before my wedding, that It really would bo better for you to return to town, and settle your affairs. I find I do nothing when you are here; your presence distracts me. The fact is, dear, I'm foolishly In love; and I want to check myself, and become practical. My father will see you In town, to arrange about settle ments. It would be better for us both, and the parting will be so brief we need not shed a single tear. Besides, think dow delightful It will be to meet again." With such persuasions she Induced him to leave Compton Hall, drawing a deep breath of thankfulness as she watched him drive away. "That man worries me out of my mind!" she said to Albert, < "Poor old glnl!" he replied, consolingly, "but It's all in the day's work, and this will end our precarious business. Young Monte'a for tune will set us up for Hfe." "Do you know," Crlstlna confided to a low voice, "I fancied yesterday, as I was strolling -through the lanes talking mawkish sentiment to my future husband, that I saw the 'sack- worm' crawling along Just In front of me. I could almost have sworn to the pointed shawl and flat shoes. Naturally I had no wish -to pass her, for I assure you I treated her none too kindly on her one and only visit to Comp ton Hall. I had no choice but to turn her away when she arrived with the Intention of remaining for life. I oould -not have stood it possibly! I hope Monte has no horrid old ser vants to come sniffing around when he Is safely out of the world." "What did you do?" "Oh I I slackened my pace, and kept behind her. Monte Is always ready to stop and ad mire the sunset, if the sky Is the colour of London emolce! I cannot for the life of me think why Betty should have returned to this neighbourhood, unless she Is contemplating storming my citadel again. I won't have her inside the door; especially after what I . saw yesterday. She went straight along the road to Sir Oliver's bungalow; then turned to the gate, and- vanished from sight. It may . have been her ghost; for Blie certainly did not; ring; and It Is very unlikely she would be in- possession of a Btranger's latchkey. I have a perfect horror of that old woman and her dreadful prophecies. To hear her talk of 'Mr. Eddie' positively curdles my blood 1" "I should say It wasn't Betty at all. You never saw her face, and lots of elderly wo men wear shawls and flat shoes. You are getting fanciful." "Perhaps! I can made no connection in my mind between Oliver and. the 'sack-worm,' for she was going straight back to the sta tion -that evening. I can breathe again now Monte has left for a short space, and X mean to pay a round of visits this afternoon. His presence here had hampered me sorely; It la the worst thing in the world to have a love sick ma n hanging round the place all day. It runs away with uvery moment uf one's time. I daresay after wo have been muried for "u week or two his affection will cool down! Even romantlo two and twenty cannot live at the dizzy height of adoration for very long." Crlstlna strolled away, while Albert's eyes folIowed: her admiringly. - "By Jove, what a woman!" he sold. "She has the pluck of the devil, and I really think she growB handsomer every day." Mrs. Leach ordered the carriage at three o'clock, und drove off behind her dashing chestnuts with nil ivory cardcase in her hand. As she was w Ill/led along the country lane two llgures walking slowly and conversing caught her eye. , "Mrs, Jerome and Miss Thursby," Bho said. "I'll take a good look at them, for It 1b really a pleasure to out uueh people. I don't sup pose the marriage between Oliver and the Thursby girl will take place for yenrs. They have no money, nor has she sense enough to resent the degradation of poverty and fight ugnmsi it. i tnmit i see myself in love with a man, actually engaged to him, and pre-, vented from attaining happiness by the want of means. I'd get money somehow, or hang myself." The carriage passed them as Crlstlna in dulged her scoffing reflections. She turned to' get a thorough view of Ethel's face, with a sneer on her own cruel Hps. The frirl saw her, but pretended to be gazing at some object of Interest ahead. The sight of Miss Thursby . set Crlstlna's brain working. ito ns cojmsuEn.i 