A SPLENDID NOVEL. 'ARDEN MASSITER,' By DR. WILLIAM BARRY. A Catholic Novelist. It. may be a confession of backwardness, in these days, when everyone Bkims novels, or at least talks about them, to acknowledge that we had never heard of Dr. Barry as a novelist before picking up ' Arden Massiter.' But such a confession we are compelled to make. Of course we knew of Dr. Barry as the reputed author of the famous criticism of Marie Corelliand Hall Caine in the Quahtbrly. regarded as the most scathing and just exposure of iterary humbug since Macaulay's review of the works of Robert Montgomery. On looking at the title page we find that he is author of ' The New Antigone,' ' The Two Standards,' 'The Wizard's Knot,' and ' The Voyage of the Fortunatus'; and we, promise ourselves to take the very earliest op portunity of making the acquaintance of those b jo Its. From the opening chapter to the close the reader is lifted up and cirried along on the current of the narrative. -You find yourself in modern Italy, which, possessing an up-to-date monarchical government, a huge standing army, and all the pirjpierua'ia of a first-class madern, Power, yet has hardly emerged from mediaevalism, and in many respects remains the land of romance ' ' Dr. Barry is pre-eminently a stylist— a writer of clear; beautiful English. Beyond this the characters are clear-cut and life-like— whether peasant, Prince, Cardinal, statesman, or King, all move and have being. The portrait of the Premier, Sceuza, is eviiently modelled upon the discredited Crispi, and it is clear and convincing. ; The scene of the novel is lam in ttome ana in the ' castle of Roccaforte, in the rises towards the Volscian Hills. The author's picture of Rome, with its terraced modernity jostling the Pagan remains, its mediaeval palaces lit by electric lights, its glorious churches, its chilly catacombs, and new jerry- built streets, has not been equalled by any writer we know. Here is a bit of description which gives an idea of Dr. Barry's ornate style: — I travelled from Perugia, on an eveni ng almos as unsettled as this, the sky a golden leaf, beat put into colours, all various, but tinged with orange or yellow ; and by way of Foligno and Narni I came at length down upon the Campagna, stars resting over Monte Rotondo, and the lines of the aqueducts dimly visible in a lonesomeland. Some where, suddenly— it might have been, an acted dream— the walls of Rome opened, letting our train through, into a glare of demon-light ; and rows and rows of carriages fled by ; voices were heard call ing ; walls of crude white rose up to meet us ; I found myself in a modern railway stttion, on a ' crowded platform, with facchini round me, and cabs . at the doors. Was this Rome ? I hailed a vettura and we passed out. A little way on, the fountain in the Piazza threw up ghastly floods of that demon-light ; plane trees, borrowed from the Boulevards of Paris, lifted their bourgeois heads above coffee- tables and in front of noisy casinos ; the Italians of Rome — not, as God is good to us, not Roman citizens — str oiled, jested, laughed, listened ;to airs from (irnhee aux Enfers. louneed and chatted in their thousands under hanging boughsi I said to myself, 'Those were the Baths of Diocletian; there is Santa Maria degli Angeli, the consummate work of the Florentine ; and these are the Barbarians ' My cab rolled forward over .-streets, and streets, down- the centre of which electric lamps were ranged like tall sentinels— along the sides of which rose the deadly white new palaces— banks, hotels, clubs, houses of finance in every shape; luxury here, the means of luxury there.; an enormous gambling hell lit up with its cold, hard smile — and where was the Rome that this had supplanted after twenty -six centuries? Behind, hidden away, shovelled out of sight, sleeping in the sculpture galleries, imprisoned in the Vatican. I had come to look upon the two Romes and compare them. This new-made city of yesterday, with its lights flaring, I thought was a ring of naphtha lamps, in side which the magician must take his stand, if he would call up the ghosts of antiquity, and oom pel the truth from their dead, pale lips. My cab rolled forward; away beyond the sham Parisian thoroughfares, but not away from the Bteel-tracks of the cars,, with; their flitter, jingle jangle, and mad gallop. Past 'the massive old Palazzo Venezia, alldark within ; down the Corso Vittorio Emmanuele ; and on towards the Pan theon, i ' .; '. ? The plot is simple. The teller of the story, one Arden Massiter, is a young Protestant Englishman who, on a visit to Rome, desires to renew acquaint, ance with an Italian, who had formerly been a re fugee in London. This man, Sforza, is a revolutionist, and a member of the Camorra, the well-known secret society which was rampant recently in the Italian army. Sforza is also a spy of the Government. In his search for this man, Massiter, in disguise, visit an osteria (inn) on the Appian Way, and there becoming involved in a dispute, and endeavouring to save another from mutilation, is responsible for the death of a man. Meanwhile, he seeks light and leading, being a social enthusiast, who has dreamed dreams, and with that end in view, pays a visit to Cardinal Lizario. .The audience with the Cardinal is finely described:— The Cardinal was standing near abroad table covered with documents and 'folios -in white vellum, ? hiscUiir in cnm nn velvet h»d been pushed back, and just over his head hung a magnificent Descent from the Cross, in its gilt Renaissance frame. The room was . plainly furnished; a door half open showed the chapel beyond ; there was a flood of light on every object ; and I saw a figure which Michael Angelo would willingly have scu ptured in eternal Carrara. So tall as almost to be gigantic ; thews and sinews of iron which no churchman's trailing garments could disguise ; shoulders up right and proud, ' fit to bear the weight of migh tiest monarchies ;' and a profile irregular but powerful beneath a mass of coal-black hair. Not a grey thread was visible on the forehead of this man of 63. He held out a muscular hand to me, and, in ace .rdance with Roman usage, I kissed the amethyst ring which he wore on his fourth finger. Impossible not to be aware that I had come into a mighty presence, overpowering by its sheer intima tion of physical energy and organs ready to serve an unknown will. Draped in black from head to foot, the only touches of colour were given by his scarlet sash and zucchetto, or skull cap, the latter setting off his deeply flushed features as with a martyr's crown. «i' Be seated, Sir.' The voice had a robustness in keeping with the figure. He leaned back in his curule chair now and grasped its gilded arms, look ing for all the wond like Titan's celebrated portrait of Julius II- come to life again. But I would not be daunted, and while taking the seat to which he pointed me, I kept my eyes on his. The Cardinal had spoken in English, with a. strong nasal twang, which might have been Ameri can. I remembered that he had spent years in the New World, as Secretary to the Delegation at Washington, and in other high capacities. ' You understand Italian he continued, perusing once more my letter of introdustion. ' Mr. JLestrange— our amiable guest of a year ago— says jou are a Dante scholar. I congratulate you ; Dante is the supreme poet ' chi sovra gli altri com' aquila vola,' as he says of St. John. But reading is not conversation.' 'I am quite sure I shall understand your Eminence's Italian t have made acquaintance with it in a volume of addresses on the question of the age— the Social Question — reading which I took heart and have come to you.' He smiled, and beat the open letter with a paper knife ?' Trifles, things of nothing,' said he, pass ing into his native language. ?? But you agree with them Yet you are not a Catholic.' ?? tTnw mftTH ftrp vmir Rmino«f»o tVio* #»qM fViam. selves bo ? ' We both smiled now ard the Cardinal sighed. 'It is too true. Nevertheless, I am astonished — who would not be ? —when my friend, the editor of the London Clabion, and now you, his representa tive, talk of an alliance with Holy Mother Church. What, in a word, do you a&k; of us?' leaning for ward and looking gracious. Now, Laura, move down the stage and listen. I struck my great stroke on the instant. ??Eminence I' I said, 'we aBk the Church to carry out the Sermon on the Mount.' He started from his seat, flushed a deep r crimson, and answered, ' She does that already. The Religious Orders, with their vows of perfec tion ? ' I broke in, ' We are not talking of Orders. I mean the people — the millions— those heaps of putrefying ; life— Rome, Paris, Vienna— cities that are hells and a world of the damned. They; cry aloud for redemption. 'Sou are the Church of the poor ; you have a hundred thousand' pulpits ; your influence is everywhere. No Govern ment can break or silence you What are you doing for these— the poor of Christ V Have they bread ? Have they a change of raiment? Do they live in decent homes? What becomes of their girls when they cease to be children? Is the Gospel for the cloister alone ? Not for the proletarian and the pauper ? Eminence, we men of a new time ask you the Church of the past to join hands with us. Will you refuse ? ' Had I stirred those deep waters ? There was no telling The Cardinal's eyes never blinked, yet I fancied an expression ,in them, slightly ironical, or even amused, which made me feel a good many years more juvenile than before. I had burst out in this headlong fashion. The situation had its comic features. My lips quivered, and the stately old man broke into a smile — the merest ripple. *? I see ' he said gravely in his nasal Eng lish, ' You are an enthusiast I remember such in America.' ' Your Eminence may learn of more in Ameriea,' cried I. between mv exasneratian and mv desire to alarm or persuade him. '? Shall we do the work of the Catholic Church, while you, in your scarlet robes, look on ? Think what will come of it ! Is Capitalism the sum of the Beatitudes ? ' ' Bravo, giovane, mio,' said the Cardinal, with an encouraging gesture — irony again ? ' Your spirit is charming. But — yes, yes, we are the Church of the poor, and that not from yesterday. Is it we that have stolen their patrimony ? Is not the HolyfFather himself in prison ? The Sacred College were princes, now they are beggars. The monasteries, with their altars, vestments, chalices — and what know I ?— have been puc up to auction, sold for as little as they would fetch, robbed from the people that Jews may hunt ovei their acres 'Look,' he went on, taking me fiercely by the arm and leading me to the window, 'do you see that great building? It is the Minis try of War. Knock there, and if they let you in, You will find the labour of our people ground into taxes, heaped up in powder, ready to be blown away from the cannon's mouth. Turn again : the tall place which intercepts heaven's light across the way was erected at the public expense, but not with the public consent, for a famous statesman who loaded his pockets with gold. Who are the robbers ? They are those self styled liberators, to whom statues' are set up in every town. Go to them if you seek the patrimony of the poor. But do not come and reproach us, victims ourselves, who eat our scanty bread with tears.' The deep waters had surged up in foam and tem pest ; my man was caugnt, notwithstanding his politic reticence*. ' Nay.' Baid I, playing with him in turn, ' I shall not go to the Ministry. Would they disgorge their prey if I did?' 'Macche. disgorge!' he exclaimed, in his un translatable Italian. ' Where they have not plun dered' they have squandered; they are near the bottom.of the aack: now, the brigands I' 11 Then will your Eminence bear with me while I tell my dpeam ?' ? '8it down again,' said he i ' but I must be leav ing soon for the Vatican.' I assured him the tale should be speedily told. And as he leaned back with half- shut, eyelids, through which an occasional gleam smote on me, I poured into his ears the Quixotic and Utopian experiences, the aspirations which still obstinately refused to breathe their last, of Arden Massiter.' I told him of my Nonconformist ancestry, my bring ing up at Oxford, my novitiate on the »tock Ex change, with its tragical ending ; how I had flung that devil's business to the winds, broken with my father, taken a trade in hand, then left it for teach ing as my proper vocation, and gona over to the States with my friends in search of a real new world, among the fields of Tennessee. We did our utmost, I cou d truly avouch; were happy and successful at first, then f.mnd the society we had abandoned too strong for us. So we were thrown back into the world once more And I — nor was I alone in my conviction— perceived now that no king dom in the air, no floating soap bubble, born one moment to break the next, could fulfil our designs, Where was the mistake ? Why, it was plain . enough when you saw it We young idiots had gone out from history and reckoned without reli gion. That waB all. Yet our thoughts were just ; our ideals had the promise of the future— but am ong men and in populous places, not in the desert where we strove in vain to plant these immortal seeds. Where, then, did the ideal live in society ? Where was history embodied ? The great old Christian Church, majestic and popular, inspired yet orga-, nized, rose at this turning point into view. I waxed eloquent on art, worship, brotherhood, the aspects of a diviner life. And the Cardinal mused in his chair and spake no word. , ?, -, . At last he sat up. His eyes were like stars. When he opened his lips it was to utter a sen tence in Latin, 'Erubesce Sidon, ait mare. I)o you know what that saying means, Mr ] Massiter ? You— I will not call you Socialists— but whatever yo ir name, you teach us a lesson. Only, you are very little acquainted with Italy Have you studied our people in the hundred cities ? In the mountains, where I come from ? In Calabria or Sicily ?' ' No,' I returned, ? that i« my sec md petition. I want, in the columns of this great London news paper, to sketch Italian life as it now is -a plain, unvarnished picture Make me known to the uiiuiuiii; ifaueri',. ivevuiuMuu in siuouiaering every where; bu m -Italy, we think, the lava stream is beginning to pour over the lip of the volcano. If you will not close with our alliance, tell us at least what you are doing The world does not. know ; and the moral influence of the Catholic Church is going to waste like water ' . The Cardinal rang his bell Masillo appeared. 'Is Don Gaetano still in the antechamber? ' his master inquired. ; . ' Eminenza, si.' '? Beg him to do me the favour of entering ; ' and then to me, '? Don Gaetano is your man I am de lighted that he has not gone away.' A firm step was heard on the tesselated floor I stood up and waited until the young man who now came in, and whom I had seen at the window of the saloon previously, had knelt for the Cardinal's benediction. This young man Don Gaetana, takes MaBsiter to the old cas-.le— Roccaforte— in the Volscian Hills, and there he finds himself in an atmosphere of piety and of ancient but decayed aristocratic grandeur. The father and sin of Don Gaetana are here, and entertain their visitor in ciurteous fashion. They are in the chapel when Massiter and his friend arrive. Here is a description of the scene: — Accordingly ; we went ail three, by other steps, and through long low passages, into a wing of this huge rambling castle, which looked on the ravine to the south-east. A gloomy chapel, though once resplendent with gold, and still displaying a fine sanctuary, in -violet and yellow marbles, with some uncertain outlines of wall painting, ruined by ' the damp and neglect ' of centuries At the altar, in front o£ a heavy pediment supported by columns, stood the priest in his vestments, for the service was beginning — a beautiful old man, slender and wasted, with veherabla white hair and delicate hands. In the chapel knelt or -! stood a few servants of the house, wearing that ait of unconcern which, if it conceals piety, does sq with ? entire success, and which in any but Tta'ian« would denote the, most profound indifference., What it ' signifies in them ,1 never could make out to my own satisfaction. The Prince was attentive at. his ? prayers ; Don Gaetano never took his eyes off the celebrating priest and his motions about the altar. But for me, as a heretic, it was permissible to let my thoughts wander a little, especially as neither preaching nor singing diversified the rite which went forward in absolute whispers. AdventureB begin almost from the first day ef , their arrival, and soon develop in a fashion to arouse the interest of the most jaded novel-reader. Mas siter is suspected by the peasants and even by some '?'. superstitious nobles in the, neighbourhood of being a jettatore (possessor of the evil eye) The castle is threatened by blackmailers, the modern degenerate descendants of brigands, and when advised to yield - and pay the price of security, young Don Gaetano's blood is aroused. He receives the advice— ' ' Send the money on the day appointed, but take care to have all the mule-pathB guarded by carabi nieri ? ' ;; ' By what ?'' thundered the young man, in a voice I had never heard before from his lips * ' By; Sardinian police ? Hagedorn, do you remember that you are addressing a Sorelli— one of a Papal house — one that has never owned, never will own, this government of lawyers and scoundrels ? One' that counts among the glories of his kindred two Popes, lying in their marble shrouds at Ara Cceli ? Do you remember that Innocent III was our cou sin ? You aek me to call in the Piedmontese that Roccaforte may sleep in peace ? Madonna Santis sima!' It is clear from this that the owners of Rocca forte are no lovers of the reigning house. of Savoy,' though their brother (the eldest son) has gone over and achieved high office through his -change. Th action moves along through the politioaL distur bances following on the failure of the Abyssinian campaign, and meanwhile the situation in the castle ? becomes tragic. Sforza obtains a sinister influence over Don Gaetano and succeeds in causing a cool ness and eventually a quarrel between Massiter and the young Gaetano. When Mas3?ter returns to Rome he learns that in his absence Sforza has abducted Costanza, Gaetano's sister, and has blamed the abduction upon him. How he rescues her and the punishment of the villain must be learned on perusal uf the novel itself. But up to the very end the interest is maintained. Readers who take up this splendid tale will be fascinated by its merit as a pure romance, by its elevation of style, and Catho lic readers will find many beautiful situations and descriptionn which will appeal to them especially. The pure, sweet, devotional character of the Sister Costanza shines out through the book — her bene factions, her charity and devotion to the wretched peasantry, and her renunciation of earthly love for religious duty. As a study of modern Italian life it is very valuable ; and the descriptions of peasant and city life are unexcelled. We conclude with a bcene from the events transpiring in the grim Castle of Roccaforte : — We passed through, and began to twist and turn in the dark, he going before, as familiar with the place while I stumbled after, once or twice giving my head a smart rap against the projecting maBonry. At length, when we had got. so far as I could conjecture, nearly as high as the battlements, Hagedorn unfastened a door, through which a feeble light broke upon us. He motioned me to come forward. I did so, and found myself in the chapel where I had seen Costanza for the first time. s, ? , A couple of lamps burning, one on each 6ide of the altar, accounted for the purple glow that softened the shadows. Ghostly . faees, limbs, or vestments shot into sight unexpectedly from the paintings around, flickered, and went out again, aimlessly, as in a world where no man came. The high roof was darkness ; arid we, a little nervous, dreading lest we should start some timbers' creak- ing, muveu on unm we stooa secure in the gloom, away from the betraying lamps I was on the point of saying, ' But we are alone,' when a door opened at the farther end, letting in Dorna Costanza, as I knew by her brilliant white dress of satin. : She did not see us ; I doubt if she would have seen us, though we stood close to her, The girl came up to the verge of the holy p'ace, and there kneeling, with her eyes directed to the altar, she stretched out her arms in the form of a cross and remained motionless. We did not dare to breathe. Minutes passed ; the silence was unbroken, the kneeling figure in its dazzling raiment did not stir. A great calm — as when the swordlike tramontana drives every cloud from heaven, and leaves only the bsue without fleck or stain— seemed to fall even upon us, the spectators ; we felt that a soul was laying itself bare to some uncomprehended influ ence. From mv place in the dusk I watched, knowing, or at least suspecting, . that a marvel wou'd be wrought, such as I had witnessed one other time. And it waB so. The light was break ing out from within ; the eyes kindled, the forehead seemed to grow whiter, the golden hair gleamed. But still, no motion in the hfnds stretched upon an .unseen crucifix, no voice, not. even the breathing, convulsed or caught up, which I thought must be the accompaniment of a rapture so intense ? How long would it last ? Long, long, as we measured the moments, vibra ting to the strange experience of another soul, rpsponding in ourselves to unknown chords. Then the figure was bowed even to the ground; Costanza lay prostrate before the altar, not as fainting, but in some unspeakable mood of dedication, while the trembling light hovered up^n the fair hair and the blanched, ange ic raiment. Above was darkness in the high roof, and round about only this quivering ruby glow which, quite unconscious, did its own service in presence of the sacrament, whosoever ' went or came. ? Costanza stood up at last, her flush deepening, and drawing back a few steps with joined hands, she lifted her eyes toward the altar once more, and then her voic* broke into a song. Utterly amazed, I strained «ay hearing to lay hold of the words. It was a Latin hymn, fragments of which I remem bered in the Holy Week service at St. John Late ran, but now chanted so distinctly, with such a passionate fervour in each syllable, that soon I could follow as on an open page. I knew it to be the moving, quaint Pange Lingua of the Passion, which I had once heard, sung by alternate choirs on Good Friday, while an immense throng went up the Basilica and knelt in adoration of the CroBs, kissing the wounds of Christ with sobbing, which, the singers took up and made glorious. Costanza, under cloud of night, whispering these cadences, Bucking sweetness out of this honeycomb, brought that singular ana never -to-be forgotten lamentation back to me, with its thousands of mournful faces. She had an extreme purity of tone ; but the rich ness given to it by a consuming solitary spirit, wasting in the flame it had kindled — who shall puint? Over and over again Costanza sang the strophes of the hymn— a line, a phrase, appearing to thrill and enchant her. 'Dulce lignum, dulces clavos' —sweet wood of the cross,' sweet nails that pierced —these words made the refrain of her unearthly song. But when, after all, she was going out from that mystic place, where she deemed herself alone, and had come to the door, I watched as childlike and pretty a farwell to ic as you ever saw. Inserted in the wall hard by was a Pieta— the dead Christ lying on His mother's knees — in white marble. It shone with a peculiar glory amid the sombre shades of the chapel. When Costanza' came to it, she stooped, and with the moBt confiding gesture laid her brow first on th stretched-out right hand, then on the left, in exquisite pity and as asking a benediction. But even that was not enough; standing reluctant, and looking back, she passed her own hand gently over the hands of Jesus, and conveyed it to her lips with a touch of infinite ten derness. Nothing could be more natural, and, I confess, it melted me. . 