Mount Barker. ALL SAINTS CHURCH. LAYING OF THE FOUNDATION STONE. On Saturday last the foundation stone was laid of the Mount Barker Church, to be known hereafter as All Saints, Mount Barker. The ceremony commenced with the singing of the hymn "All People that on Earth do Dwell." Canon Louch read a special form of prayer and a lesson taken from 1 Corinthians, 3rd chapter. The Apostles' Creed was then recited, and, before calling on Mrs. B. H. Wright to lay the stone. Canon Louch placed in the cavity prepared for the purpose a copy of the Church Catechism and the Albany Adver tiser, together with some few coins of the Empire and a written document giving some particulars of the building. Mrs. B. H. Wright, whose grandfather was one of the pioneer clergymen of the colony, then laid the stone, saying as she did so : "In the faith of Christ and to the glory of God I lay this foundation stone of a church to be called All Saints, in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." The hymn beginning "The Church's one foundation" was then sung, followed by two collects, after which Canon Louch gave a short address, explaining that the structure about to be built was the chancel of the future church and that the foundation stone was on the north-east side, as being the place of honour-the place where the Bishop's chair would be placed whenever he might come to officiate. The present build ing would cost £205, of which sum there was in hand or promised £176. Of the £176, £50 was given by the late Mr. C. G. Millar, through his daughter Mrs, W. Commins- Reilly, and another £50 was a gift from England, being a donation from a large legacy left for Church purposes by Mr. Marriott. About £50 was yet wanted as soon as possible, and it was hoped the build ing would be ready for consecration at the beginning of December. A collection was made, some children placed small bags of money on the stone, and the ceremony was concluded by the singing of a hymn, fol lowed by the benediction. Mrs. B H Wright, who preformed the cere- mony of laying the stone, was presented with an elegant trowel as a momento of the event the same being suitably inscribed, and of Albany manufacture. Quite a lot of local interest was taken in the function and it is hoped that before long All Saints' Church, Mt. Barker, will have to be extended considerably. A very pleasing part of the ceremony was preformed by the children who had been given collecting bags. These with their contents the children laid on the stone. The stone which had cost Messrs. Thomas Bros. a considerable amount of time to pre pare was generously given by them to the church. Almost needless to say their generous gift was the signal for a hearty round of applause. The contractor. Mr. W Mawson hopes to complete the building by the end of November. In aid of the funds of the church a spring show and fair is to be held hereon December 1\. It will comprise eight sections, viz., pro duce, poultry, preserves, wines, cookery fancy work, flowers and miscellaneous and other non-competitive stalls. The idea of a show in Mt. Barker is " catching on " splen- didly and the committee hope to have a very creditable display. Donations for prizes are freely forthcoming, and no doubt the com mittee's efforts to have a building free of debt by the time of the opening ceremony will be rewarded. The season is all that could be desired, almost two inches of rain having fallen so far this month, which has been beautifully sand- wiched by fine growing weather. At the Police Court on Monday which was presided over by Mr. Wm Sounness. J.P, of Merryup, Thos Fox was ordered to be locked up for 24 hours. The offender was suffering from the effects of a too free indulgence of liquor. Influenza can be prevented and eured by ! WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS. CHILDREN IN DANGER.-Mrs. H. Cowden Bays :-" My children are Eubject to coughs and colds. I give them Curacough and find it the best remedy for them. It always re lieves ; it is not only good for children, but I have used it with splendid results for a chronic cough, from which I suffered for years." Sole proprietors, Campbell-Cochrane and Co., Chemists, Albany* GOOD EXPERIENCE.-After ll years ex perience with so called Cough Remedies, Mr. L. Prideaux states:-" I can give the palm to Curacough. I had a chronic cough, also spit ting blood all that time, and the first remedy to benefit me was Curacough. Sold by Mrs. Long, Yoik-strcet, and the Proprietors' Albany* 