Mysteries or Crime. In 18S0 a woman's body was dis covered in a cellar, under the pavement^ of a fine mansion in Harley-street The butler of the family ia cleaning out the cellar came upon a cask, ami within that cask he found the body preserved in quicklime, ivhieh had been used, no doubt, with the idea of nresprvinsr it but the opposite result followed. Decomposition had, however, gone too far to make recognition possible, and there was never the slightest cine to the identity ot the criminal, or of that of the murdered person. The woman .had been stabbed to the heart Xorh:ng whatever was elicited in the house it self. It had been occupied by the same gentleman, its proprietor, an aniinpeach ably respectable pensosi. for at least twenty years, and he could throw no light wherever upon the mystery. Even where a body has been clearly identified, and within a short spaee ot t.me, the solution has nor. been reached. Let us take some of the less famiijar cases as recorded iu the criminal his tory of other countries. There was the murder of *' the pretty \--igar girl,' as she was called. Mary Rogers, of New York— the foundation, indeed, of Ldgar Alleu PoeVs famous story, 'The Mystery of Marie Roget,** although he placed the seoue of the crime in Tarls. Mary Rogers left her home one evening for a walk in* Hobo ken, on the Jersey side of the Hudson Birer, and was never afterwards se-?n alive. Some days later her body was found floating in Xorth liiver ; she had been strangled by her own lace nc-liu. By- and-by rhe traces of a fierce and mortal struggle were found in a neigh bouring wood, and in due course several airjests were made, all of men supposed to have been desperately in love w*th Mary Rogers. Every one was able, however, to establish his innocence, al though one, by named Payn, subse quently committed suicide near where the crime was perpetrated. Unfe mysterious murder agitated the whole of rhe United States to an extent unparalleled, except by the murders of Presidents Lincoln and Garfield. and no satisfactory clue was ever obtained. Not long ago, at the death of the to bacco merchant who had been Mary Rogers's employer, and who as years passed had become a vei-y wealthy man, certain facts were- said to Jiave come out which in a measure implicated him with the crime ; but these do not seem to have been more than a vasruf srnrv of ids being haunted on his deathbed in Paris by the ghost of the murdered girl. Other eases of a similar kind have occurred in the United States. There was the murder of Sarah Cor nell, who was at first thought to have hanged herself, then «aid to have been killed by a Methodist minister ; but he was acquitted, and the deed, now proved to be one of violence, wasal ways a. mystery. So was that of the girl fished up from the bo&oni; of Manhattan well, in the days when New York was a small place; but the murderer who .had first stran gled, then thrown, Gulielma Sands down the well was never discovered. — From 'CasselKs Family Magazine' for AprJL Marriages 'by proxy are to this day allowed in Holland, and are mostly favoured by Dutchmen who have gone abroad, leaving their sweethearts behind ?them, and who find it inconvenient to re turn home to claim their brides. After certain legal formalities have been car ried out a friend of the bridegroom goes through She ceremony for him, and then the bride is shipped off to .her far away iusband A cheque for one halfpenny is not often drawn, especially by Government President Cleveland, however, recently received a cheque for this sum, not as a. token of esteem from the American nation, but as the balance of 'his monthly salary, which had been underpaid by this amount It was found that the onJy way by which the Treasury -books could be kept correct was to draw a cheque for a cent, and this was accord ingly done. Life fills immensity, enters into the minutest moving thing we know ; ani mates the plant, mighty or minute. It stirs and moves all the animal world ; it is ourselves, it is our compeers ; it is our earth ; it is our heaven ; we are nothing, it is everything in the moving creation ; it is incarnate in our mortal form. It may be quite independent of itself, a pleuroma of light ; yet we must eat and drink to be the temples in which it abides.— Sir B, W. Richardson. T-he Burmans, as Buddhists, profess a pious horror of taking the lives of lower animals ; but, being likewise inordin ately fond &f; Jish diet, they console their consciences with the idea that the deaths of the fishes must be laid to the accounts o' the fishermen, and have nothing whatever to do with the con sumers. Consequently the walls of their temples are adorned by pictures representing the terrible tortures in store for the fishermen in a future state of existence. TPo keep babies from crying, an in genious device is resorted to in India. The moment a child begins to cry its mother places her hand over its mouth and nips its nose,, so that -it cannot brearhe. Then it is allowed to breathe freely again, but should it make use of the opportunity to again set up a howl it is ai once suppressed in the same way.. This is repeated till the baby imagines that the painful stoppage of the -breath is caused by its own effort to scream., and so is careful to keep '- An excellent custom prevails among the Kurds or Tartars. When a man gets into difficulties he pours a little brown sugar into a piece of coloured cloth, ties it up, and carries one such parcel to each of his friends and ac quaintances, who then present him, ac cording to circumstances, with a cow, a sheep, or a sum. of money. He is thus at once Bet up on his legs again. The same method is adopted when a young man wishes to many and. the parenis of the bride me not satisfied in the mat ter of dowry. * 