Short Story. Escorting the Colonel's Wife. One day e mall rider arrived at the frontier fort with such dews that a ser geant and six men and an nmbulauec were ordered out within an hour to es cort and convey the Colonel's wife down to the railroad. This was a trip of forty utiles. l'or the llrst ten miles it was over a level plain, then the trail ran through the scrub, along the foothills, over tlve miles of desert, around the south base of the mountain, aud straight down to the "rail road. it Wits a bard, rough trail, it took the army waggons from three to four days to make the forty miles. We could make it in two if al lowed to pursue our way in peace. For a year there had been 110 open act of hostility on the part of the Indians, but we hud known for weeks that they were making ready for au outbreak, if was queer enough that the Colonel should coine down to us in person as we stood btwlde our saddled horses, knowing nothing of where wo were to go or the object of the trip, but stranger yoL that all " military etiquette" should go out of Ills voiee and demeanour as be said : " Men, I ant going to send my wife down to the railroad to go East, You are to be her escort. It ia a ease of life or death, or site would not go. 1 am afraid of the Indians, aud yet I think you will got through all right. You are to make the best time possible. If at tacked " " We shall heat them off, sir," replied Sergeant Cregg after waiting hulf-a minute for the Colonel to tinish. " 1 hope yon can. I can only seud the seven of you aud a driver. Eight men ought to heal off n hundred Indians, unless I a ken In ambush. Ite watchful and prudent. Sergeant, you are an old Indian lighter. You will know best what to do. Yon wJJI get away by 1 o'clock, travel as fast as you eau aud as late as you can, so as to llnlsh the journey to-morrow. If you are at tacked " The Colonel did not llnlslt. Ho looked at each man and horse. Inspected the ambulance and its pair of mules, aud with a lialf-imd to us TYc walked away. His wife must go, aud, owing to details and sickness, no commissioned olllcer could be seat along. If Ihe Indians were out ait escort of twenty men would not he too large. Only eight of us wore to go. Hud ho finished his sentence lie would have said : " If attacked, aud you are about to fall Into the hands of the red devils, do not let. my wife he captured alive." We understood what lie meant, though we said nothing to each other. No mat ter What lie or any one else feared, the Utile woman was almost merry ns she took her seat In the ambulance for the start. She trust oil ur, to the fullest ex tent, and that feeling made every man worth three. Our horses were In line foftte, aud the first ten tulles were cover ed In a gallop. Then the way became so rough thnit we could only proceed at a walk. We wound through the scrubby cedare and pines to the crest of a low mountain, and then descended Into kittle Valley at Just 5 o'clock. A dash across the valley to the base of lllue Mountain would put us In camp for the night. We bad progressed famously well, and had not yet sighted au Indian: Mil roe different times we hail to bridge Chasms which mountain torrents had cut out within a week, and twice wc had to drag trees and logs out of the path before we could go on. Nothing had happened when we reached the valley, and as wc looked around ub and across Jt nothing could be seen to alarm. We had Just taken the ropes off the blocked wheels of ihe ambulance when the war whoop of tile hostile Indians sounded behind us, and wo looked bnek over our trail to eaiteh sight of a hundred mount ed warriors bearing down upon us. They had picked our Iralt ami run us down. "•Mount! Now, straight across tlio volley! l"a)l in (o the roar of the ambu lanre!" The voice of the old sergeant was hard •and linn as lie spoke. The curtains of the auiihulance were up, and 1 glanced at the Colonel's wife. She had seen and heard. Uor cheeks had paled, hut sfhe was removing a repeating rifle from Its hooks as we fell In behind the wehlde. It was a clear five-mile dasli. The prairie was as level as a floor, and the mules needed no urgiug after hearing the yells of tlio Indians. The soldier driver wouud the linos about his hands, braced his feet, and away we wont We had a' Start of half-a-mllc. No man looked liaek. The jtaeo was a hot one and there was cover five, miles away. The Indians gained on us, but. only Inch by inch. The mules took up sue.h a gait that our horses had to lie light down to It to keep up. Not a word mas sjtoken as we rode, but every ear listened to locate those coming up be hind us. if they came too near we must halt and open fire while the ambulance pushed on. We bad almost reached cover before three or four rifle bullets came slugiug over our heads. Three minutes later we were among the trees and rocks, and the race was ended. As the ambulance halted and we flung ourselves off our horses, 1 looked back and saw a band of at least seventy In dians almost within rifle-shot of us. The road struck the hills at a gulch, and they dared uot follow us into that They gave vent to their disappointment l>y shouts and yells and a waste of am munition, ami for a few minutes they had no plalu view. •' Well, we beat them in a fair race," said the Colonel's wife as she descended from the ambulance with the rifle her hands. "Sergeant Cregg, what are] you going to do now V "Take cover, ma'am," he replied as tie gave her the military salute. " Yes, of course," she said as she looked alumt- " Did you ever see a pair of inulns ruu faster ? .1 might have got a^gliol but for your men behind. There must he near a hundred Indians out there, but I guess we're safe enough now,'." She rattled on In that fashion while we were takiug the mules from the am bulance and unsaddling our horses, and It was a great weight off our miDds to i realise that she would not be a burden on our hands. It was Idle to think of pursuing our journey in the darkness which would soon close down, and be fore" morning there would be plenty of Indians on the trail beyond. We must take cover and hope to stand them off until help arrived, or they grew dis couraged at the siege. As we were con sulting about location and defence the Colonel's wife came back to us from the mouth of the gulch and said : •That's the place, over to the left men, There's a spring on that hill, with a good growth to shelter ail. and you can see plenty of boulders lying about." The sergeant had selected the same spot, and In the coarse of a quarter of an hour we were occupying it. We got the horses ami mules uj> there, but the vehicle was loft bphlud. It wus a ooue tdiapcd hill amid half-a-dozen such, but it couiuiundcd the others. It was covered with pines and cedars of small growth, and there was a splendid spring right on the crest. If the Indians bad been licrcc in their pursuit,-or crafty .In their plans, we could not have "reached it. It was the outbreak of war again with theiu, and they were overcautious. They drew back" Into tile valley to con sult, thus giviug us a fair show, and wc were snug enough when night fell, and they made a dash for its, which we easily repulsed. Darkness found us oc cupying a circle about 40fl. across, with stones and boulders and trees for shelter, and, though the situation was an anxious one and full of danger, all were in good spirits. We made a Are between two rocks and cooked our sup pers, and by the use of blankets wc put up a tent for tbe Colonel's wife, though against iter protests. After the one single effort of the Indians, which was doubtless more of a reconnaissance than an attack, wc were left In peace, though all through the nlglit wc beard sounds 1o prove they were taktug up positions on all shies of us and making ready for lite morrow. None of us except the woman slept on hour all night long. We used levers to loosen boulders and roll them Into the circle, and with our knives we cut off limits, and cut down small trees to fur ther strengthen our fort We got the homes into a sort of gully below us, and made the position as safe as possible, and when daylight came there wub noth ing more to be done. We had above COO* rounds of ammunition, food for three days, and water was at hand. Daybreak found us ready for an at tnek. 'Hie Colonel's wife took her place; rllle In hand, between two men, and for half-an-hour we expected a sudden rush. At the end of that time a single warrior appeared to view at the base of (he hill, land In broken Hnglish demanded our surrender. The sergeant answered him that we were ready for them, and at the same time llred a shot which roiled the redskin's pony over. Three minutes later there was a circle of fire about us. Indians lthd mounted Into trees to the right and left of us to get a plunging Are, and from lite tops of two lower hills tlicy poured In their bullets at random. Wo simply crouched down behind the rocks and. smoked our pipes, pleased thai they were throwing away their cartridges. At the eud of an hour they censed firing, Not a man of us had been touched, but Stray bullets had killed one of the mules and wounded two horses. There would be a rush now, auil as we made ready for It the Colonel's wife sank down beside me, and quietly said: " I've tumbled over sage liens and jaekrabblts, and 1 ought to be able to hit an Indian. Do I look frightened ?" " Yon arc as while as a ghost, ma'am," | I answered as 1 turned to her. " lint I'm all right," she smilingly said, "and here (hey come." So they did. With every painted war rior yelliug at the top of his voice, the j entire band charged us at once, taking | in the whole circle. It was not until j they got close up that we could see any- j thing to shoot at, and every few seconds j the sergeant cried out to us td hold our Are. It was over in a minute. They did not expect to' And us entrenched, and .we knocked them over like ninepins. 1 believe we killed or wounded a full score, and it took tbe light out of them so thoroughly that not a rifle was flred at us again until afternoon. Then, soon after li o'clock, and without the slightest warning, wc were charged again, and for three minutes ii was a wild melee. We flred into their very faces as they sprang upon the defences, and two warriors were shot down Inside our fort, and both by the Colonel's wife. It was their Anal and supreme effort, aud well It was for us that It was thus. When we had beaten them off Sergeant Gregg and auolher man lay dead, four men were badly wounded, and they had cut our animals out of the gulch and run Uiciu off. Had the attack lasted a minute longer or been renewed, two men and a woman alone would have opposed it And among the queer tilings of that last dash was the behaviour of the Colonel's wife. With my own eyes I saw her shoot down the two warriors who had leaped the breastwork, and I believe she killed two or three more out side of It, and yet when the attack had been repulsed the little woniau fell over lit a dead faint, and for ton minutes we believed her dead from a bullet. When she came back to life she had a fit of weeping, and when that was over she turned to and attended our hurts and was ready for another brush. We put tu another night right there, not knowing that the Indians had drawn off, but soon after suurlse next morning were relieved of all anxiety by the appearance of a scout, who passed*on and sent us aid from the fort The Colonel's wife did, not get down to tint railroad, for that was the opening of a war which lasted for months, but there was no blame at tached to any of the Hvtng who re turned (o her. On the contrary, the old marllncl of a Colonel took each one of us by the hand, breaking over " mili tary etiquette" ouce more in his life, and said : " You did well, uiy man, 'and here's my hand on it. and 1 won't forget you !" ' San Krauciseo Clirunlcle." 