Seasonable Saxon. I-/ When the four medical gentlemen of the highest standing reported that there was nothing wrong with the boy Neale but pediculi, the Ade laide Corporation washed their hands of the case. But no sooner had the City Fathers done so than the ghost began to walk, and no amount of 'Out Damned Spot' was sufficient to remove the traces of a big bacillus which, one of the famous four had cultivated from the boy's blood. Dr Ramsay Smith's recommending the boy to the Adelaide Hospital deprived those high-standing gentlemen of the means of following up their investigations into the history of the newly discovered bacillus of pediculosis capitis, found in the lad's veins; and the old terror of not knowing how that ghostly bacillus might do for them in Ramsay Smith's hands, drove them to make an impudent demand through the Secretary of the British Medical Association for all the reports in the possession 6f the Central Board of Health. * * * ! * * Now comes a startling rumor.. It is said that the Adelaide Hospital investigators have been cultivating the acquaintance of that big unknown bacillus, and that having given a guinea-pig a syringeful of the refined juice they reproduced the pediculosis in that pig, only instead of 'crown travellers' they found a general disease of all its 'innards,'and now the question arisen-—'In the name of aiU the plagues of Egypt what is that disease } Since Dr. Wilkinson, who was the expert to whom the Adelaide specimens were to be referred for an unbiassed opinion,; gave away the show by allowing the cloven hoof to appear just a shade too soon, the clamor for an enquiry has suddenly collapsed, but Quiz is greatly mis taken if the anti-Hospital men don't get all the enquiry they demanded and a little more than they expected. * * * ; * * Once more we have had a 'scene' alb the Ade laide Hospital Board meeting, and on this occasion Mr T. F. Wigley was the ' scenic artist. ' The trouble arose over the alleged want of loyalty shown by Messrs. Ware, Lewis, and Wigley in communicating to the Press matters which were confidential* and arrived at only in committee. Of course it was about Dr Ramsay Smith and the Acting- Gynaecological appointment. Because the Government failed to ratify the Board's recom mendation in this matter, Mir Wigley virtuously assumed that his disclosing the information had done a great public good id that Dr Ramsay Smith was not appointed. Does Mr Wigley reckon inferentially that a great amount, of public good was done when he was appointed to the Hospital Board} But that is hardly the point. Mr Wigley claimed to' be ah authority on good taste, and * went for' Chair man Charles Tucker in a manner that was highly reprehensible, inasmuch as it had nothing to do with the subject under discussion. Because the Chairman had occasion to censure Mr Wigley for what was really a breach of confidence, that gentleman made the Chairman the subject of a venomous personal attack .which servecl no good end. Mr Wigley's utterances were in exceedingly bad taste indeed, and in no way justified the action he had taken. It is a pity that men occupying semi-public positions are allowed to disgrace them in this fashion, and the next time Mr T, F. Wigley goes to the Hospital Board meeting it is to be hoped that he will have his hat well lined with ice, so that he can keep cool. * * * 1 * * So the nurses for the Transvaal have been selected. To. have given the mpdical staff of the Military Forces a finger in the pie would have savoured too much of business, and would have smacked too little of sentiment. The result justifies the. Government's selection of the selectors. Allegations have been made that some of the members who go on this mission of mercy have not bad very extensive experience in surgical nursing. Gynaecological nursing is all very well in its way, but those sort of cases are - not met with on the battlefield. Quiz trusts that the selectors have made their choice on the broad grounds of merit, and that the best ladies in their opiniqn were chosen, but all the same he cannot help bearing certain complaints which have been made that in one or two instances the selections might have been improved on, on the broad score of experience and adaptability. * * * * * In speaking to a jury the other day the Coroner stated that a certain innocent looking little hand spray produced in Court was simply an ordinary barber's apparatus, and next day she public were informed in the columns of the Advertiser that the Coroner characterised the instrument as a 'barbarous instrument!' ' There is something to he said, however, for any young gentleman whose 1 vocabularic' ambitions are high, and whose inten tions are good, even if his practical experience has not reached the point of feeling the proverbial 'down about the mouth' which leads them to seek initiation into the mystericfs of the tonsorial artist —in Quiz's mora homely terms, ' My Barber.' * * *: * * The members of the Bushmen's Corps are gradually settling down to camp life, and Quiz is glad to see that the Acting Commandant, Colonel Stuart, proposes to give them plenty of vigorous work before they go to South Africa. Bushmen as a rule are not subject to very harsh discipline in back blocks, and it will take some time for them to get thoroughly into the routine of'military camp life, especially if a genial sundowner is taken into the khaki fold. There is an impression abroad that many real bushmen will find their places taken by 'city bushmen,' who actually have the advantage on account of being on the spot. But each man must get a fair show, and Quiz trusts that- when the time comes for the Bushmen's Contingent to go to the war that we shall have a body of men who will do us credit anol against whom there will be no cavilling as to enlistment going by favor. Some remarks like this were made about the second Contingent, although the man is not yet born who could satisfy the caprice of everybody. » * * * * * There is something a trifle humorous-in ^ the fact that a would-be member of the Bushmen's Corps was* unable to 'stand at ease' after the patient instructor had tried him the greater part of the afternoon. On this account he was passed out, though he might have been a crack shot and a fine scout. It wouldn't take a city man all the afternoon to learn how to stand at ease—not much,, that would come to him only too naturally. Said that the sentry on Tuesday night 'blocked' Colonel Stuart from going in, and it was only when the sergeant came along that the Acting Commandant was allowed in. That sentry - promises to develop into a martinet. * * * * • * The present war in South Africa has, in a measure, been disastrous to the war correspon dents, and Australians felt a keen pang of regret when the news was cabled t hrough of the death of Mr W. J. Lambie, who represented the Adver tiser, Age, and Sydney Daily Telegraph at the front. A war correspondent representing a London Daily died as the result of a revolver misadventure, and the brilliant G. W. Steevens succumbed to typhoid in Ladysmith, where by* the way, two Australian war correspondents—Donald Macdonaid (Argus, Register, and Sydney Morn ing Herald), and H. Spooner (Sydney Evening News, and Town and Country Journal), are cooped up. The late Mr W. J. Lambie was well informed on military matters, and accompanied the now historic Contingent'to the Soudan, where he distinguished himself as a journalist, and in one notable instance as a scout. Lambie was well known amongst Melbourne—and indeed Aus tralian—pressmen, and was always'regarded as one of the Age's reliable topnotehers. He was as fearless a writer as- a man, and many a military popinjky he has withered with a scorching paragraph.Lambie for years ' did' the Government departments for the Age, and the reference on the part of Premier McLean in Parliament was a graceful acknowledgement. He was a remarkably close student of international politics, and could argue the strategic value of naval and military bases with the best. He fell fighting, and Quiz keenly regrets the loss of a brave man and an able journalist. : ——-—— — There will be a grand entertainment given at the Theatre Royal on Friday evening in aid of the funds for the nnrses proceeding to the war. A concert will take place, patriotic tableaux, recita tions, Ac., wilt be contributed, the Military Band will discourse selections, and members of the Bushmen's Corps will attend. The box plan is at Marshall's, and tickets can be obtained at Miss Tibbet's Hospital. The Continental to be given under Viceregal, military, and naval patronage at the Adelaide Children's Hospital on Monday, February 19, in aid of the South Australian Nurses' Fund, will be one of the best entertainments of its kind given in Adelaide. The members of the Adelaide T-i<*Whaf0) are loyal subjects, and to-night in the Town Hall they give one of their enjoyable smoke socials, the whole of the proceeds to be devoted to the Patriotic Fund. The Woods-Williamson Company a very successful season at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening. The two concluding pieces played were »A Woman's Sin,' a dramatisation by Miss Williamson of Hall Oaine'a powerful story, ' The Manxman.' * The leading characters were ably sustained by Mr Alfred Woods and Miss Williamson. 'Joseph of Canaan'was played on the last two nights of the season, and was pub on with quite a .lavish attention' -to mounting. The Biblical story of Joseph's temptation by 'Potiphar'a wife' was well represented, and the attendances were fair. The company are now showing at Broken Hill. 