HOW DOGS ARE STOLEN. 'Stolen! Dogs are never stolen!" said a member of the trade to the "P.W." man who had found him out. "They are lost and stray around, and we find them and give the poor creatures a home." and a ghost of a wink trembled on the man's eyelid. It is tile hidden meaning of this candid statement which accounts to a certain ex tent for the popularity of the dog stealers' profession. The charge of theft in the case of dogs is always dimficult to prove, and in nine cases out of ten, when owners do recdover their lost darlings, they are so transported with joy that they gladly forgive the thief. Besides this, it is a lucrative profession, and one which, un like burglary, may be carried on all the year round without interruption. "There are two branches of the trade," the "pro." confessed. "There are some who imprison dogs solely in the hope that a reward will be offered, and very often. if no notice is taken, they allow the dogs tI escape again. Amateurs, those are," he explained with a contemptuous shrug. "How do we set about the work? W'ell, there's an element of risk in it, of course. Bitten? Scores of times:; but, bless you, know how to handle the creatures. One method is to fasten a morsel of liver in side the bottom of the trousers! That's a bait which most dogs can't resist. They follow you home-come away from any body for a choice morsel-and there you are." Men who make a living by dog stealing are usually the possessors of a horse and trap, and no sooner is the amorous dog round the cor.ner than he is bundled into a sack and speedily driven away. "What do we do with them when we've got 'e0? Why, sell 'em, of course," said Ithe man in the trade. "Advertisements are put in all the doggy papers, and the creatures are sent on approval. That is why such good bargains are so often made. Of course, we do not haggle over price. A clear profit of a few shil lings or a few pounds, as the case may bie, is all we want." "Then .the advertisement columns of papers would be a good place to look for points of resemblance with one's lost dogs?" "Yes; but you won't publish that, of course." The "P.PW." man said he wouldl try not to, but he had an unaccountable weakness for publishing things which he could not always overcome. Besides, it was a tip of value. "TWe have a system of 'swopping' booty," the man went on. "A dog stealer up in York, we'll say, sends a collie down here for me to sell, and when I have any thing I dare not advertise in London, why one of my pals does the same for me. You see we know one another in the trade." "Difficult work sending the dogs by train? Well, it is that. Not so much in London, you know, as in the provinces, when a valuable dog is well-known by everybody. The man whoas - "Stolen the dog?" suggested the "P.W." man, seeing his informant hesitating for the right word. "Acquired possession of the dog, I was going to say," replied the man haughtily. "Well, anyhow, the mant who has got the dog goes out to some little station away down the ltne, and books the animal from there." Unfortunately, this trade is one which pays remarkably well. It is carried on methodically, and considerable profits are made.-"Pearson's Weekly" 