TO THE BOYS OF SOUTH SOUTH AUSTRALIA. [By W. G. TORU.] "Travelling in England is very interesting. The eye never wearies of the.ever- varying landscapes. The patch-work fields, wind ing 'hedges, clumps of trees, pretty valley*, i-r.vstul streams, furze brakes, nestling vil lages, crooked lanes, and wood-covered bills, iolhnv one Another in rapid succession-it is nil beautiful. The valley of the Wye, witn Tintern Abbey, is not far off oil the right. Severn Tunnel Itailway joins us at Brist-ol, and- we are eagerly looking out to kCc . that pretty spiders wel) hanging in mid-air from cliff to cliff ?VCi' t!ie river Avon, called, the _ Clifton "??Suspension Bridge. Plymouth is past ed on the outskirts now and we are rushing over the magnificent Salt-Ash bridge winch connects Cornwall with the rest of England. )i makes one dizzy looking out of the car riage windows on i;be musts of large ships pa-'siiig under the bridge. Liskeard, L°^ I'H'iihiel Bodmin, St. Austell, Truro,- Ke<l riuli, Camborne and Hayle are passed ' i rapid succession, aim then __ [Mounts Hay, second only to the Hay of Naples, attracts our naze.-ilounts Hay has no \ efiuvius, but Naples has no St. Michael's Monut.'' Tho hist two or three miles of the Cornish li&i;) way is practically on the seawall. How nice it is to be welcomed on the Penzance Iilat.oim by loving Australian friends and to he taken to the quiet o? a home, after months of travel, ftfiy-seven days of wliic-ii were on the R.M.S. Ophir, and the re m.iiuder spent in thirty or forty different hotels. Memories of delightful vacations exhila rate us, and we 'found ourselves rushing off to various nooks and lanes, fields and clHl4. where health and vigour were both gained in the student days, flow is it that one finds oneself romping over ten or fifteen miles c! i louiriry with inueh greater ease and com fort than one could do three miles in Aus tralia? A 1)111YK TO l.AXIVS KM). is one of the indispensable* in a visit to the "West Countree."' Druidical mi nmnents, crosses, British huts, and <11 wribwi stones, furnish a large field of re search to the antiquarian. Ahiny a time iiave we been persuaded to leave our musty Creek and Latin to go for a ten-mile wall? ?ici'os.s West Penwith to see^soine remnant of the pre-Roman period of English history. The "Old J1 en's Workings," as some ot the ton mines are called, are supposed to bo (lie result of the toil of the ancient Phoeni cians, in the search lor minerals. One of the most interesting of the ancient British dwellings is the group of hut-circlcs at Chy v,?uisl^r. There arc several of these circles enclosed by high stone wails, perhaps two hundred yards round. The huts aro built of stone, aud the walls were pro h ibly roofed over with a stone shaped like a beehive. They were from six. to eight feet liigli. The centre of the stockade was evi dently the cattle pen, and worn stones show where the meal was ground. These ruins cover several acres, and are now almost buried among furze and blackberry bushes. Land's End is ten miles from Penzance, anl every mile of the way is full of interest and beauty. ' Till-: l'Alv-FAMKD LOO AX HOCk. j- a mass of granite 05', tons \n weight, which the writer rocked with comparative case. Lieutenant Goldsmith, a nephew or t he poet, and evidently just as erratic, with the united exertions of ten oi his crew, t hvew the rock from its pivot. '1 he guides wlio lived in the neighbourhood were high ly iiicEii.-ed, and the Admiralty ordered the Lientenant to atone for his thoughtless fiolic by replacing it, this was achieved a. i ons'.dei able expense. Around this cape is a uip'e line of defence of earthwork which i>ives it the name of Tivi yn Castle. But the wh-.:!e district is full of such fortifications. \\\ l;.it sturdy old warriors these Cornislunon were! Pot ;li.':urnow Cove i.s pointed out as the spot where some of the Spanish and Atlantic telegraph cables are landed. Tile importance of these lines may he recognised 110.11 the fact that about a hundred clerks i-.ie kept here for the purpose of translating and remitting cablegrams. A si.ary is tend :l a heavy snowstorm raging between 1 or tin < !!iiiow iind Penzance in which the tele graph lines were broken, and as some very important messages had to be sent referr ing to some clerks whose lives were in dan ger, the Message was sent to Spain, then across the Atlantic to America, back again by another cable which is landed at ^en jii.11 Cove and .so on to Penzance. Thus i.o send a message ten miles, nearly ten thou sand miles of cable were used. The- coast around Land's End and Tol-pedn-pcmvith is among the boldest clifi scenery in the British isles. The Scil'ly Islands could De seen iu the distance, the Cassiterides (1 in is'-.unlsl of the Phoenician sailors and the Longships and Wolff lighthouses are close at band. Yonder are the Brisons, two dan gerous rocks, 60 feet above high water, where a melancholy wreck occurred not many years ago. The crew of nine men and the captain's wife got on the rock, a wave washed them all off, seven were drowned. One a mulatto, got on a portion1 of the wreck and was rescued from the bo:Iing surf. The captain and his wife were carrieI on to the Little Brison, and here they- re mained a day aud a night, watched by hun lireds of people along the beach, t^U eager but unable 60 render assistance; A rocket at last readied them, the -wife was tied to. a rope and drawn into a boat, but life was found to be extinct, the captain though greatly exhausted was saved, but this eoas£ is of stories.. We .-are shown the S|)oi r.n the Land's. End itself where Charles Wesley composed the hymn or more pro bably got the inspiration for it. i/i on a rarroft- 'ncck of land 'Twist two. unbounded seas I stand . and not manv yards alvay is the spot where (,'cneral Sir Robert Arhnthiiot narrowly tes c«i|>ed falling over the precipice. The horse which he had been riding did so aud tfas dashed to pieces There is the Bet alia ck IMine, where the workings are carried out under the sea. and oiilv" a short time since the Maters broke in ami several men were drowned . o>iu I have a list of 222 spots of interest mtb; ia.a few miles off Penzance, nearly all oi which I have seen at one time or Lftt I "will spare you the trouble ofxeaaiB» even the names. Thousands of v,s1^.T ®Ae finding their way annually to these retreats, and here "out of the hurir .tbe? fa'? learn Nature's secrets even in their- "Wildest U100<1?VE. OF COURSE, VISITED TBUBO « if only to see the one and only (.>"/* chat unfinished) Coruisli cathedi'ul. It s esti mated cost is £K)0,000. J.t is very new and verv imposing. The grand central tower ;S to 'be 224 feet high, and the length of the building is 300 feet. The old parish church forms a part of the structure. At PLYMOUTH. a few hours were spent visiting old menus and seeing the "Hoe" where Sir 1< rancid Diake was playing a game of bowls when the (Spanish Armada hove in sight-, Every Britisli boy -lias heard his famous reply to the messenger who brought the news. "There is time to finish our game and to lick the Spaniards too." The old Jvddystoue lighthouse of Smeaiton, has been taken down and built on the Hoc. The rock on which it had been erected was being undermined, and a new lighthouse was erected a little further away on a lhore solid foundation. _ , . The Plymouth Pier rivals Brighton in in terest, as it contains a. music hall, promen ade, interesting outlooks, and glass protec tions against wind and ram. Ihesa piers are everywhere now, and form most delightful, retreats for visitors. "My foot is on. my native ' heath' once more, for pleasantly situated on the banks of the Tavy is the quaint little town of Tavistock, the birthplace of Drake and some one else, whom modest> forbids my men tioning, even my cabman djd not know the name of the "other fellow.'' The famous Abbey of Tavistock was founded by Ordgur, Karl of Devon in 901, p.nd a few specimens ot' its architecture are still to be seen. Every spot here is sacred to mc. There are the West Bridge c-ottagc~ built by the Duke of Bedford where I was born; here is the meadow where my father and mother uin races. Along the banks of the river Lady Howard's tree hud grown, of which strange ghost stories could be told. 1'p the hill on the right is "Biskie lane'' where the "Pixies' or fainc.; had their gambols in the old days. In Ban nawell-street is the pretty little Bible Chris tian chape! my father helped to build, and there is my father's old companion, V* alter Avers, still alive, bent with age, but with a heart as young as ever. How dear every name is (to me, and how lovingly the old names are remembered. Wa Iking over (lie ? hil'l one day 1 niet an old man crawling along by the help of two sticks. 1 spuke_ to him-admired the scenery. "Who he e' ; said the old man. When I toM him, he said "Yew be .Tolin Ton's son, be 'eV' then lifting his stick with emphasis "my boy, your father was a good man." The memor ies of thirty or forty years had been revived and the legacy of an honoured name lelt by the sainted dead was a rich inheritance for the listener. The neighbourhood is full of interesting walks <and drives. One of the most fas cinating of these is the Lvdford gorge and waterfall, where the river flows through a deep glen as beautiful as the Hawthnnden near Edinburgh. In the old churchyard at Eydfonl is the following curious epitaph; Here lies in a horizontal position The outside case of (ieorge l'onleigh, Watchmaker, Whose abilities in that line were an honour to his profession; Integrity was the Main Spring And Prudence the Regulator Of all the actions of his life. Humane, generous, and liberal, His hand never stopped Till he had relieved distress; So nicely were all his Actions regjilated That he never went wrong Except when set a-goiny; By people Who did not' know his I'iey. Even then ho was easily set right again. He had the heart of disposing his time so well That his hours glided away In one continual round of pleasure and delight, Till an unlucky minute put a period to His existence. He departed this life, November 14th, 380^, Aged 57; Wound up In hopes oif being taken in hand. By.his Maker, And of being thoroughly cleaned and repaired, And set agoing In the world to come. The towns of Bideford and Ufracouibo were next visited as well as the Hibla ("hr^ tian colleges at Iv.lgehill and S.iebbiar, where sonic very interesting evenings were spent. The Speech Day at a girl s cclleg.; was verv inlerasliiig, and a school witli seveivtv boarders so well looked alter a those iit Kdgehill 1 have never seen. J .u; artistically decorated boudoirs ot tli-' .?young huiies?' were a tveut to look at. hidki oim is full of ("iKirles Kings!ey. 'We visited the roam at the hotel which con tamed tie librarv from which the novelist derived a great deal of the inl'onuation embodied in .. Westward Ho." and other works, J here in the jconrlyatd is the spot from which tin: gallant little "Kevenge' was launched, which in August, 1591, engaged a fleet of 33 sail for fifteen hours though Billi ard Orenville, the commander, had but 1UJ stout and able men on board, and did surrender till his vessel was a iouiulermg hulk. His last words are worth remember ing-"Here die J. Richard Wrenvjlle, with a joyful and ijuiet mind, for that 1 h|'.xe ended my life as a true soldier ought to do, lighting lor h;s Queen,, religion, and honour; my soul willingly departing from this body, leaving behind the lasting fame ol Inning behave as every'valiant soldier is m 'his duty bound to do." , , Kingsle.v says "Every one who knows Bideford, 'cannot but know Bideford Bridge, for it is the very omphalos, cynosure, anil soul round which the town, as a lwu>, lias organized itself, but all do not know the occult powers which have advanced anil animated the same wondrous bridge tor now 500 years, and made it the cjuet Avon oer, according to Prince and Fuller, ot tins fair land o! Devon, temp first an In spired bridge, a soul-saving bridge, an alius giving bridge, an educational bridge, a sen tient bridge, and last-, but not least, a :dinner-giving bridge." If any one wishes to l find out wliy it niny Ik? all these 'look up !vour edition of "Westward Ho and von Uvill find the. reasons given. : * : -ci^ovKrJA _ 'is vitliout doubt' the most unique hamle; in England. It Combines the beauty of a "Norwegian fiord,- the narrowness ami pe culiarity of a Maltese or Neapolitan street, fthe wild naturalness a. steep slope ot the Mount Lofty range, and the spilt white wash that, Mark Twain ascribes to Naza retii. It has only one street, down which all luggage is taken on tiny sledges, and :s buin|>ed from step to step. The houses are set at varving angles, and seeing tlieiwas w<? did with* the exquisite autumn tints or ? the Virginia creeper (Auipelopsis Veitehii) festooning eaves' and chimneys, it was a little Paradise. A vessel was left at the meivy of the storm, forsaken by iier crew, whom the lifeboat keeper informed me be had found early that morning huddled up in a boat under fcflie lee side of the enor mous wall that protects tlie fishing fleet inside. livery one who visits Clovelly must go through "The Hobby Drive," which winds in and out along the cliffs hundreds of feet .above the sea, and is a long continuous avenue of umbrageous trees, lovely views, pretty ravines, and rustic , bridges. Gal lantry Howe)' is the remarkable name given to a steep and lofty ol.lt, 380 feat high, which overlooks a glorious landscape. Clovelly Kikes are the remains of an old encampment of Imperial Rome..'It is one of the mot extensive in England, the .diameter of the cuter trench being 1,300 feet. Shiibbear, the birthplace of the Bible Christian denomination, next attracts our attention. Tlie college contains over u hun dred boarders, who are well caml fol- by the governor, the Rev. Robert Spencer, and the head master, Thomas ltuddle, B.A., than whom a more enthusiastic, earnest, and painstaking head of a college >t would be hard to tind. His sermon to the boys iu the morning in the Jannes Thorne Memor ial chapel was a loving, touching, masterly appeal, and will linger long in the memory of the Australian friends who heard it. In the neighbouring churchyard we find tlie C'anipo Hanto of the early Bible Chris tian pioneers. The little old chapel whers some of the earlier meetings Ave re held, sheltered by the huge trees from the North Devon winds, the college chimneys peeping over a neatly trimmed hedge, and the apple (tiees of the Lake Farm orchard nearly dropping their fruit among the graves,make a picture we shall always love to recall. Mere are the graves of our ancestry, where men and women of the sturdy Devonshire yeomanry type waged war -against sin and wrong. --Their names have gone out through the world. China, Canada, and Australia have liem-<l of their fame. They sleep well in hope of a glorious resurrection. One simple plain slab touched us deeply. In Meinorv of .1 AM ICS THOllXE. Preacher of -tlie (I'nfpcl, Born, September 21. IT!)"), Died, January 28, 1872. !,V prrahis first sermon in his father's home at Lake, near 1 his spot on Christmas Day. 1815, and continued a laborious minister for iti years. His zeal and fidelity-modesty and charity endeared liini to thousands in the churches, which are his best and most: enduring monument. "A go oil name is as precious ointment poured forth." 