riartyrdom of Marion. • — - — ; •=• - ' • • — CHAPTER XX.YLII.—Continued. AGAIN aad again Hartlry ' Lyie cleared the snow away that she might have the opportunity of taking even this small amount of exercise; but farther than this she could not venture ; nor had she sufficient spirit even to -desire to do so. For, although she, was enveloped from head to foot in the beautiful fufs which her aunt's fore thought had provided her, she could not manage to get hsrself even tolerably warm. A trail in the snow had been made from her father's hut to Jim Murdoch's placje and from there to Elk Head ^ but Marion often regret ted that this was so, since scarcely a day passed on which it was possible to travel that Murdoch's sleigh did not appear, drawn by the beautiful Firefly, who tossed his silver bells proudly, as though he delighted in the musical peal. As the winter dragged wearily away it needed all the girl's firmness and determination to keep the man, whose admiration, strangely enough, did not * alter where it alteration found,' at all at a proper distance. But for Hartley Lyie, whomany a time had proteetedher from the boor's insolent attentions, she saw that this would often have been beyond her power altogether, for, to her horror, she was obliged to admit that her father, far from screening her, actually Appeared to en oarage him, and try to incite him to s ill further rough demonstrations of his now openly-expressed affection. But, though terrible imaginings had blanched Marion's cheeks many a time, it was not this fear or hard work and deprivation, or the want of all comfort in life, that in one year had changed her from a young fresh-hearted girl into a woman full of care and sorrow. Paul had forgotten her; and all other troubles sank into significance under the terrible weight of this burden of grief. Three times she had written to him, and once to Hilda Bruc6 begging for news; but no word of answer had come. Her father, fco whom the letters were entrusted, and who had suppressed them all, pretended the greatest interest in the matter, and by his iidvice she had directed two of them to the country estate of Paul's cousin. Sir Sydney Edmiston, -which had been given her as a permanent address; but, as these also evoked no reply, at length, with many , sighs and tears, humilated to the dust, slie admitted to herself that her love had blinded her, ^at his original letter- contained no such meaning as she had ascribed to it, and that it had been written only that he might not have at any future time to reproach himself with want of courtesy towards hen ;By the time spring came, Marion frad no heart to rejoice- at anything; but, 'listless and indifferent as eta was to some extent she was unconociously comforted when the warm sunshine melted the snow aypay an4 the vegetation burst into greenness and life. Even Herbert Ferrol, sluggard as lie was,; felt the influence of the; season ; and Marion heaved a sigh of relief when at last one mprning Bhe saw the three uien walk off to work again, and knew that until the mid-day, meal she would be alone and could think «nd weep undistUTbed. She was congratulating herself too goon however. She was still employed upon her household duties when her ear was attracted by the sound of a horse's hoofs galloping over the sward and, to her dismay, she perceived Jim Murdock, dressed "in his best and mounted upon Firefly, tearing towards t 11 hur„ At a word from him the aaiiiMl R-OO<1 still; and then, leaping i'lMra the*, tfftJiirt, with the bridle. over his arm, Murdock"advanced to Marion, with his <>ve8 sparkling with pleasure. ' Well,' he cried, seizing her hand and holding it tightly, despite her efforts to free herself, ' did your father tell you I <vas coming ?' ' No,' eai 1 the gial nervously; ' he went Off to work about , half an hour ago. But; they have not gone far, I know;- they are over there,' she continued, pointing to a rise in the ground. ' Oh, bless your heart, I didn't come to see your father—don't you make any mistake!' Jim said with a chuckle releasing her hand after raising it to his lips. 'Now don't look so cross ; one would think I had bitten you ! Poor little hand, it's so rough and red and chapped that I can't bear to see it- Well, you know you've only got to say word, and there's no more hard work for you. I might have done more than ki83 your hand, miss, for there's no Hartley Lyie in the way to interfere now. I tell you plainly I sha'n't be able to stand that fellow long! But never mind—I don't want to talk about him* F ve come to take you for a ride; your father said I might the very first day as it was fit. My word, haven't I waitched the weather! Now come on— give over work this morning, like 1 have; a gallop will do you no end of good. Why, miss, you look like a ghost—you're as thin as a wafer, and your skin is regularly parched up and your eyes are as red as red! I'm sure you ought to reckon me a constant chap for you're not a bit .like the gal you was a year ago; and yet hang me if I'm not more fond of you than ever Gome on now—I'm all agog for a good canter with you ! I want to see if you can't bring a few of them roses -back into your cheeks ; they are regular whitey-brown paper at the present time!' ' I wish you. would go,' Marion said angrily, her lip curling with disgust as she re-entei el the cottage. 'You know I dislike this sort of thing very much; I've told you so a hundred times. You are perfectly aware that I cannot ride with you even if I desired it, which I don't. You might know that, considering, the number of times I have refused to sleigh with you !' 'Oh, jes—I remember!' replied Jim, chuckling again. 4 But you don't suppose I'm the sort of tjhap, to pay much attention to a gal's 4 No*' do you ? Water wears away a stone if you drip it long engough, and I can wait; but I'll get my own way in the end mis3— doi't you make any miscake ! I'm going to take my saddle off Firefly and clap it on to Tyrant—I can ride the brute, though it would bei deatu to you to mount him—and then I,puts yonr saddle on to Firefly, and you atop it. Lor bless you, once you feels Firefly moving under you, your spirits will go up, like a rocket, sky high ! .That beast understands every word you say; and she's as full of spirit and playfulness as an egg's full of meat—and fuller too ! Why, you just try her! Oet up on h6r back and «ell her to go home,- and she'll go as straight as needle points There's no need to guidie her.' 4 1 cannot come,' said Metricn shortly. 'It is: useless, asking, .trie.' -'Oh, here I say,' persisted Jim,' you must borne ! I'm not going to be done out of my pleasure like this! Don't you set your will against mine, miss,' he contirued, with a laugh, 'for I warn you, once I've .got the ; saddle on Firefly's back, hang me if I don't set you atop of it whether you like it or not; so you had best give in with a good grace!' ' I will not come with you !'Marion exclaimed, with, flashing, eyes. And I don't believe you are such a coward as you pretend to be!' ' Oh, I say,' mattered the other, ' don't use hard words. I'm no coward, but I'll have my own way, for all that. Now .where's your saddle? Oh, I know—yottr father told me you bad get it set up in your own room! Now then, let me pass!' • I will not!' Marion cried. 1 How dare you force yourself on me like his? Leave : the place at once! I loll you nothing shall induce in3 to accompany youJ J ' Oh, well, we'll see about that P— and with that Jim Murdock threw his arms around the shii iking girl and. was just gently lifting her fiom the door of her own room when he felt himself suddenly seized by the collar from the back, and discovered that Hartley Lyie stood there trembling with.rage. CHAPTER XXIX. IN his surprise Murdock relinquished his hold of Marion, who, profiting by tho opportunity, ran sobbing into her room and boltei the door s curely behind e Speechless with rage, he gazed for a moment at the white twitching face of his adversary, and then, clenching his enormous fist, he thundered out— 'Confound ycu, Lyie! What the deuce do you mean by this interference ?. Hang me if I'll stand it!' ' Come outside,' Lyie said hoarsely ; 'you don't want to frighten her to death, I suppose, you great bully!' Astonished at the unexpected, spirit shown in. Lyle's sparkling eyes and rising colour, Murdock mechanically followed him out cf the hut and across the grsss to a point at which Lyie calculated their conversation would be beyond Marion's hearing, Firefly following at his master's heels like a dog. ' Now, then,' Hartley Lyie demanded fiercely, ' what have you to say for yourself, Jim Murdock ? How dare you lay your hand on a defenceless woman, you coward ?' ' Oh, here, I say!' Murdock expostulated, despite himself feeling more respect for Hartley Lyie than he had ever felt before, for, although the young man had on several previous occasions stood between him and Mar on, his. interference hitherto, though effectual had been of a comparatively unobtrusive nature. ' Come, Hartley Lyie, don't you put my monkey up, or it will be the worse for you !' ' Oh, don't threaten me,' Lyie crieJ, his blue eyes flashing with rage. • A fellow that will off or a woman an insult is a cur that deserves to be kicked, not be reasoned with ! Look here, are you going to apologise, or am I to give you a thrashing ?' Utterly astounded, the burly farmer drew back" a step or two, and with wide-open eyes regarded his opponent. Jim Murdock was a brutal fellow in many respects, but he was not heartless ; nor was he incapable of appreciating and admiring bravery wherever he encountered it. The idea of Hartley Lyie thrashing him was, in Murdock's opinion, obviously absurd ; but the courage the young man displayed was the greater on that account. 'Come, Lyie,' he said, after a minute's pause—' I don't want to nave words with you, old man ! Perhaps I am sorry for having frightened the gal; but—hang me—it's rather hard lines if a man mayn't put his arm round his sweetheart's waist without another chap's coming and making a row about it.' ' She is not your sweetheart!' Lyie responded fiercely. 4 How dare you call her so, you insolent brute ?' Jim Murdock clenched his great fists ani ground his heels into the grass ; but, being generous in his way, he did not wish to come 1 to a downright quarrel with so puny an adversary. 'Look here,' he said, 'keep a civil tongue in your head, Harcley Lyie ! I don't see what right you have to interfere with me—hang me if I ; do! Tt Would be altogether different now if you were sweet on the girl yourself.' ' How would it be different ?' ' Why, then you would have an excuse for putting a spoke in my wheel! Every man for himself in such matters, you see !' / For a minute Hartley Lyie stood silent, and then, crimsoning up to the roots of his hair, he said- ' Jim Murdock, it seems to me any fellow has a right to protect a woman, whether he is in love with her or not.' 4 Oh, that's all very well,' Jim replied, in an argumentative tone. ' Bat I wasn't harming the girl—I was only courtin' of her—and no chap has a right to spoil sport unless he has a particular interest in the matter. Now, if you wa;s in love with her, as I said before, I should quite recognise your right to interfere, and I' should put up with it .; but, as it is, I look upon you 48 ft meddling, busybody T ' I am in love with her, Jim Murdock —Heaven help me ! J worship the very ground she treads on !' JSyen Murdock felt a twinge of pai \ as he heard the sobbing natch in the young fellow's breath and saw the despairing light ia the humid eyas; and thore was something almost gentle in his voice as,' laying his rough hand on hiR companion's arm, he said— " ' Well, .but, my lad, what have you got to offer a gal?' ' I have nofhing,' the other replied distractedly —' nothing ; but I would lay down my life in her service !' Murdock considered a moment, and then a cunning expression came into his bold eyes. ' Lock here, Lyie,' he said soothingly —'it's an unforttinate business this! One or the other of us must give the gal up; she can't have both of us— that's certatn !' ' She Won't have either of us,' Lyie murmured. 'Why not?' ' She's in love with another man,' he said, with a sigh. ' Oh that singing chap!' Murdock went on quickly. ' Her father told me something about that; but he's jilted her, evidently, and she'e far too proud a gal to cry her eyes .out for him ! I'm not a bit afraid of him; but you're another matter; and, while things are as they are, you and I are spoiling each other's chances every day. Now it's no good me saying to you, ' Give her up, because you ard not as rich as ma, and can't offer her such a home'—you won't- do that. ;I know; but I have got something to propose to you, and I'll give you my word of honour to stand out of your way and not say another spooney word to the gal if you get the best of it; and on the other hand, you must swear to" me, if you get the worst, you'll let me do my courtin' my own way, and not be allays checking and ' interrupting me.' ; ' I don't know what you mean,' Lyie stammered. ' Well,' continued Murdock slowly, fixing his keen eyes on the youn<? iellow's bewildered face, ' let : us fight foj her. We'll have three rounds^ and the best man shall have her. • • We are both honest chaps—we don't ^ant no one to see fairplay between < us.' With a gasp, Hartley Lyie turned away and, walking a fewpaces, seated himself upon a little grassy hillock, and, with wrinkled brow, prepared to argue the matter with himself, while Murdock stood watching him with a gleam of amusement in his glittering ( To be continue I.) 