ECHOES PROM LONDON. [Frojn our Special Correspondent.] ^-, XOXBOX, Jiinuary J8. / DEATfl OF TIIE DGKF. OK TKCK. \- Tlie Duke oC Teck '(Uetl at Richmond Park this Areefc, at the age of sixty- two, lie never seemed the sune man after the death o5 tin? DiiL'liu»3_ abnirt twn vair-a''i). and an aotatct'.of iiitluenza found ^fyim 'too weak to resist : its development into the more seri ofefforra,C-jf,jpu^uTnbijEi. ? On. Sunday a .paralytic' seizure took place, and early in ?the evening the Dnkc paa-ed away. In !86u he married a coits'm of Queen Victoria— Princess Mary Adelaide. 'iuey had one daughter- rtbi:- Princess ilar— who- married the JDuke,. of, York, and three sans, all oE whom' are now serving with Jhe army— tirb hrSoutb Africa, .and the third in India. The late Duke was of a philan thropic nature, and mi frequently ,.-vva.s Lc present at public functions .of. a beneiolent order that ha was familiarly iVUloxl the -Prince of AYuio's understudy; 'asf'he ire quently acted in the absence of th'e Prince. Soth the Duke and the Duchess were held in the very highest ;esteenj anion^ 't'w Bri-. tish peppld. 'i'he ijufie ^viil of iliunsariiiu birth, 'and the strong 4tt|icaniehts he form-, ed ia the land of his adoption must be taLeu as a testimonial .to his' personal vorti. Fiir and wide the expression of re piet and sympathy ;is spontaneous, i;:idcia ibe -aifckbourlfoail of White' i^J?e jinieie crief u shown, at Ilia sudden J.atli Her '31ajtfjsty is deeply moved, and. indeed, from the tjoverei&i; clofvni to tlie liiimfclts; ' 'kr- vine atthe JJodge, all who kiiftv.the kindly Ilake OL leek are in so.-.o.v at lus.Ucaih. FESIAXISM W AMEBICX'f ? ; ,A. recent issue of ihe'^^^^^^ atten tion to a TEvival of Feruaii activity' 'in Aanerica. The article briefly narrates the events of a decade ago, 'when Dr. Cronin, ?of Chicago, ivxs murdered. The result of itHis mur3er was a split .in fflie camp divid ing the party;iQto..''Qrqniriites' and^Anti Croninite^, the, 1 former .being called ^ the ''United Brotlherhood,' and Jfne latter the '* United. 'Irishmeni'' .The- initial letters of these y6rdi^IT.B.' an&'U.I:— ate' transpos ed Jnio. Y-C- and T^H. by moving the let ters backward and forward one place in alphabetical order.; Thus we get the Fe nian cipher. These bodies, after ten years of bitter strife, have 'now- amalgamated, and issued a secret manifesto. 'This docu ment, which ia a verj* voluminous one, states .that England's hour- (has come at last, and 'it remains to-be seen- whether it shall turn oufc to Le Ireland's opportunity.' Whea 'England Stands '-vyithbut a, friend in the, world, - 'her roblSer flog', will speedily disappearfrarri .this 'contineni.' . Strict se crecy is ^enjoined. The -united organiza tions arg'requested to send ia 50 per cent. of the .tnSney in their' treasuries, and a Tnuster-i^t^Trifl.-'be sentf]'to'be tilled up ?^vithltneliianiea of .volunteers, who are to by -single inen. withoat encumbrance, and only men with eolld 'practical qualiticutioiis are-to ^\Ss ?acceptedl-'-'Eyerr man's untece dents mnst be enquired into,| and the great est care must be taken io' exclude traitor?. The document concludes — '.'God save Ire land.'- ? . ? ? 'FOB TIIE SAFETY OF RAILWAY ILEX. ]The' .'Boyal Commission appointed to enquire into the causes . of accidents to -railway men 'report -that -'the greatest number of such accidents occur in connec tion with 'wagons in motion when engaged m goods and mineral traffic.' .The employ ment is far more dangerous than 'any trade or process subject to'.Siaie control,' the returns showingthat. 78. inen per, thousand are injured. 'Therefore, -they :tWnk 'that power should.- be given'to-. the .Board of Trade to enforce any reasonable recommen dations they (the BoardX migh'fr.inake to the Eailway Companies for Jhe7fuftner protec tion -of . those employed, .and they urge strongly that the Companies? snouH. be re quired to make practical- experiments 'with a -view to a general application of a system of automatic coapEcgs.' ' TKese couplings arV^decided success nvithe, tJnited States^ ?ftihere.70 per cent, of .the. xars in,' use are- fitted with tTiem— a. roduction .in. .the number* of accidents having ?been recorded since their adoption. TheM are difficulties in theinxr of applying' them to the rolling , stock in England, hence the recommended compulsory experiments. As a further safe-, jraard -rfco- the employe, -the Commission 'thinks thai ''the department should oe enabled, ? from time to time; to determine Vhat ipprtiahs of railway wqfkinz should d$ regarded as dangerous, and when such sections of railway ivoriing ihave been, de^ clared ? to- be dangerous, ? the department should have power conferred upon it to in spect sudi working and to make general Tules. 'or ^ive specific orders in the interests of safety.''^ .... . v . -THE THEORY OF-FLYTNG.. '-: Lord Ealeigh gave a nio|t interesting lec ture oh.. 'Fligit' on Friday .eyepiajr. before th^e members of the Eoyal Insidtution. Lord Kelvin, Mri Hiram Maaim, SiriW-s-€H)bke3j' and other scientific Tnen -were- present to attest the interest felt in a subject that is fdt to belong to the realni 6f the practieil meehnnic, notwithstandling the. very limit ed progress that has_yet.beeo made with the flying machine. His Lordship dealt at length with the theory of the flight of birds, and he pointed out- that it could be laid down widh certainty that . they could neither -maiijtafn themselves without motiGn. of the wings, in a uniform, wind moving. - horizontally (nor in air at perfect Test. Its' mo tionless appearance might be accounted for -by rising currents of air in which it was supported. .. The snetion above the wings 'Ras not unimportant, and to convince scep tics the lecturer demonstrated the reality of this suction.. He pointed out that though a bird did not use a revolving- mechanism to propel itself, that system would be the ?roost suitable for artificial ilying machines. 'Sphere' .were great difficulties^ to be overcome »efbre such a. machine could be a success, ?but .he thought with 3Ir. Maxim that time and money would solve the -problem. Fly ? ing machines would not,- however, be very safe to go shopping in, because of the diffi culty of alighting. ;.?!-« { . THE LOSDOSi\YATEK;EUPEU.QrJESTI05. . The Koyal Commission appointed in 1S97 to consider and report era. the question of lottdcn's water supply 5ras. issued tihe re sult of their enquiry- and. defiberation. They recommensi 'that -tie undertakings of the eight different Companies ? now controlling ;4he supply siiould be acquired: not by the \ London County Council,' but by a Water :Board. of 30 members; as* follows: — The Loniiori*'Couiay ComM^'.to aprpoint ten member*,' itihe Conservators of the Thames, four; -tiofe- County Councils of Middlesex, 'Surrey, ? Essex, Hertford-, and ? Kent, the Xea.' Conservancy Board,' 3£id the Common Council of the Borough of' West Ham, two cach;.*iand7jHhe jEocaT:' Gcoyernment Board should appoint '^the Clairman, and Vice Chairman. -..They .would, cot restrict the tafemg-the water from the Thames, and as that- river- will be able to supply require ments^till 1941, they do' notr ?recomTnend bringing water. from. the. Welsh mountains, as tHie extrflj &ist; is at present unnecessiiry. They estimate that the ? purchase of tae Companies' undertalringS -will involve tiie tuyers in a loss, which may be mst by in creased water rates, or a ra'te in aid on Water London. Some ' critics^ ,hold that such a .Water Board -would .be unfairly ap pointed,, as London -would have to pay four ififths of the cost, and have only one-third representation. Others -think that the Go vernment .will not 'heed the' report, but merely receive it ivith that -courteous ne gJeci that tevrtats most Koyal Commission recommendiitipns. \- r ' ' THE LAW OF NOTICE. Judge Erench rather astonished a plain tiff employer, this week in' has opinion on 1fche law of. giving notice. The meaning of ?She law, said he, is that* if a man be sum marily dismissed by his entployer, &e; is .entitled to a TTEek's -naffes ia liea of notice, but if hte can obtain other employment im mediately the is not so entitled, as he has no right to 'expect double payment for his time. The same rnle applied to the other side — if an emtik-yer can replace his ser ? rant without dehjr he cannot recover for failure to grre notice. If that is the law, employes might .harass their employers to a very serieus exteni- -wnth impunity. The plsirstifi in-thi3 partrodar case remarked that it w^is very unfair that he should be put to such inconvenience. ' A BEPEATER FOS wifflELESS TELEGRAPHY. If the belief of Emilia Guarini is founded on a sound basis, we* shall* presently anni hilate all the difficulties' of cpmmunicat:on over space.. This young. scientist — he is an Italian, lad of only 20 years of age — claims to have invented a. repeater which will act in concert with Marconi's wireless tele graphy .system, and convey a message for 500 miles.j ^With stayons fixed at this dis tance apart, flic will -be ablfe'to Slarconi Guarini-graph ^information over the whole world surface.' The main difficulties at taching to polar; exploration— and in fact any e***ploration— will _ thiie be* overcoine, Bnd.tLt light thrown' on -the dark places of the earth ivill open npHlnew ontkiok. This young genius has only; just begun to study electecity. He produced .nis invention in lesatthana.year. ?..,[. .. '. ' ;WHEX THE LIGHT GOES OCT. Regarding the matter, of the liability of Electric-Lighting Companies, refen-ed to in last week's 'Notes,' six summonses -n-r-re taken out against thelvletropolitan Electric Supply Company by the I^ondon County » Council,: cliarging 'them with failing to sup ?ply electric energy to various customers in /accordance yn& their contracts. Tlie Court,- -while it gave the Company credit jrfor 'having . done tlie best it could under 'the difficulties it had to contend with, found' that obligations had not been dis charged, 'and a tine of lQgaJQtJi 23s. cost s, ' was imposed in each case. The humorous gentleman, who represented the L.C.C. pointed out that not alone was 6udden darkness bad for business, but it led to much illicX kissing in West-End tea and 'drawing rooms, to t'lie anxiety of parents. FORGED C.'HF.'JL'E FOR £1.SW. A ilarin^i fraud has been perpetrated on tlie Luudon li.inking tinu or .Messrs. Ro b.irte-, Lubhoek, i Co. 'A well- dreis-ed man took rooms in ('uildiord-street, and einployeil ? ;i' clerk, who.se ?tirst .work was to o]ic!i .1 letter -(urporting to come from .1 solicitor ul the tjiur ;md (.iarter, llich nionj. This letter contained a cheque for i'l.SOO, vhieli the new c;erk was instructed to tun !--? 'Mr. Uuubury,' the new em ployer, lie broiuiit the nioiu-y in nocc.-f and Jt'liiO gold, but Mi: llcinbury was not there on hi? return. Tlie latter bad left jnstruc tion.s that the clerk was to nice-, uim near the British .Uu.-vuin— evidently ji prccau tiqn against discovery by the UduK. As the clerk— ju.»i*eeting tnc-kery — refused to go with so much money ou him, the person wlru brought the wessage returnej to Jlr. Udnbury, who turned up at (.iuildford ctiet-t shortly aftenv.ndi, ''.-haking like a leaf,' and relieved the clerk of tlie spoil. j'i'he solicitor at lticlmiond having express ly' a iked for a. personal acknowleaguient ot the cheque, the clerk was got out ot the road by sending him ou this journey — of .course, there was not any solicitor — and lUr. Hanbury got clear away. On his return the. clerk consulted the landlady of the rooms at Guildford-street, and she advised buii to see the jiolice. 'lncy communicated with the Bank, and the che-iuc- was lound oil re-esauiiiution to be a iorgery. Han bury and his confederates have up to the present eluded capture. They are believe i to be in 1'aris. CR.'iIIVAUT -\\_\D TUE ROMISH CHURCH. Dr. Jlivar!, h.is been formally inhibited by Cardinal Vaughau from approaching the slcrameut, aud tl:e ^rie=thood is forbidden to a.liriuL~:er the ci^ev-utb to him until he shall have sigued a. iormal profession uf .faith. The form of this profession lias, beeu drawn up by the 'Cardinal, and it concludes with' the words: — '1 condemn and revoke all other words and statements which in articles contributed by me to the 'l-'ort- ni.nlkly Review'' and the 'Nineteenth Century,' or in any other of my writing are found to be in the matter of Faith or Morals contrary to the teaehiugs. of the Holy Catholic i'aith according to the deter mination of the Apostolic !iee; and in ail such matters 1 -submit myself to the judg ment of the said tee. receiving all that 1: receives and condemning all that it con demns.'' A HINDOO L1BLL. H;-re is a story from a book just pub lished called 'A Dijit of the Moon.' It is very simple -and pretty, but Ls it true? 'Ia. the begiimiuj, when Twashtri (the Hindoo Vulcan) came to the creation of woman, he found tnat he had exhausted his materials in the making of man, and that no solid elements were left. In this di lemma, after profound meditation, he did as follows. He took the rotundity of the Bioon, .uid the curves of creepers, and the clinging ot tendrils, and the trembling of grass, 'and the slenderness- of the reed, and the bloom of flowers, and .the lightness of leaves, and jdances of deer, and the joy ous gaiety of sunbeams, ana the wesping of clouds, and the fickleness of the winds, and the timidity of the hare, and the vani ty of tte- peacock, and the softness of the parrot's bosom, and the hardness of ada mante - and' the sweetness of honey, and the cruelty of the tiger, and the warm glow of fire, and the coldness of snow, and th^ chattering of jays, and the cooing of the1 cuckoo. ' . . ; and, cowpoundiug all these together, he made woman and gave her to man. ' '*' ''But after one week man came to him, and said: 'Lord, t.his creature thou ha-st jriv_en me makes my life miserable. .She chatters in cessantly . . . and takes all my time up, and cries about nothing, and is always idle: so I have come to cive her back again, as I 'cannot live with her.' So Twashtri .'.... . took her back. Then, after an other wetek, man came again to him and said: 1.ord, I find that my life is very lone ly since I gave you 'back that creature. I remember how she used to dxince and /ing to me, and look at me out of the corner oE her eye, and p'ay with me, and clinc- to me.' . . . 'Jo Twashtri gave her back again. ' ''Then, after only three days, man came and said: 'Lord, I know not how it is., but after all, I have come to the conclusion that she is more of a trouble than a plea sure to me; so please take her back again.' But Twashtri said: 'Be off! You must manage how you can.' Then man said, 'I cannot live with her.' And Twashtri re plied, 'Xcither could you live without her.' -.'.? . ' Then man said, 'What is to be done? for T cannot live cither with or without her.' ''' ' DOOLEY OK LORD CHARLES BERESFORD. \- T missed this 'lass weak in a literary ?note «n Jiisther Dooley. It is too good to pass: — 'I see be th' pa-apers','' said Mr. Dooley, 'that' Lord Char-le* Beresford is in our mist; sarfogan says.' 'At.' who tli' diwle's he?'' asked Mr. Lennes-sy. 'He's a Watherford man,' said Mr. Eooley. 'I knowed Iris father well — a markess be thra.de, an' a fine man. Ciiar-les wint to hki early: but he's now in th' pL-isfrherin' .btisrnefs— cemintin' th' liance iv th' United States an' England. I'll thank ye to laugh at me joke, M-r. TCnnissj'. nn' not be stan-dm' there lookin' like a Chinriy man in a stlircet car.'' 'I don't knr.w Avhat ye mean/' said , AJj-. Hertncs-y. softly. '?'Lord Char-]_es Beresford is a sort iv advance agent iv th' White Man's Burden Thrsijeedy Company — two little Evj=, four hundlired miilyon Tapsie-, six hundhred millyon Uncle Toms. He's billin' th' tnun thr-- f r th' threemnpr-.ial tour iv th' Moji fther Agrregation. Xawthin' can stop it. Blood is thicker tlra-r. wathcr; .in' tosctlier, ar-rrn. in ar-rm, we'll sprearf th' light iv civilization fr'm wan end iv th' wurruld to th' other, no mn truer whit you an' Sch wartzmeister stay, Hinnissy. 'Be liivins. I like th' way me kinsmen acrost 'lie sea, as trV Tia-ar/ers Eay, threat us. 'Ye whelps,' says Lord Char-les Beres ford an' Roodyard Kipling an' Tiddy Ro senfe'.'t an' th' other Anglo-Saxons. 'Fool ish an' frivolous people, cheap but thme hairtetl an' insincere cousin^,' th'oy say. 'Tis little ye know about annythinir. Ye ar-re a di;?raee to humanity. Ye love tli' dollar betrher thin ye love annything but two dollars. . . . Ye'er marals nre !c*oso. ye'er dhriaks ar-re enen.'?.tin' but pleasant, an' ye talk tia-ous'u ye'er noses. Ye ar-re mussy at t-h' table, an' ye have no religion. But ye ar-re whelps iv th' cl' line. These iv ye that ar-re met our bro thers-in-law we welcome as brothers. Ye annoy 113 -o imic;' ye must be mirnbers iv our own fam'ly. Vi\ wme people that is washed ocensionolly t» th' Mis?is«npi as it rrnvls majLsfcic along th' imp?3ryal St'ite-5 iv 0'ae-oh.r) on' Dulutli, wathrin' th' fertyle) nlaiiis iv Wyoming c.n' Mat-tachusc-tts is to be found o' sic' a. livin' on th' short but far mere dirthier Thames. . . . 'So,' siys they, come to our ar-rms, an' to- retlver we'll po out an' conquer th' wumild.' 'An' we're go-in' to do it, Hmtiipsy. Th' raycirsriou that thi=; here siritirnint h;is rayceived fr'm ivry wan that has a --en in eolledge is almost tumukihus?. We fe?\ like a lOTglost brother that's been sett in' outside in th' cold f'r a week, an' is now ast in to supper — an' ~arca-?d at th' dure f'r deadly weepin*. We'll h.ive to set up sthiraight an' mind our manners. Xo tuck in' our napkins down our t'tiro:ifc^ or dhrink in' out iv th' .saucer or kiekin' our boots off und'her the table. Xo reachin' f'r au nything, but 'M.iih. will ye kindly pass th' Ph'Iipnens?' or 'Xo, thank ye, pu-h, help ye'ennlf first.' 'An' will ye stay in? Faith, I dinnaw. We feel kindly tr- each other, but it looks to me like, th' first ud in th' mornin', th' first away with tli' valu'bles.' 1XV0CATI0SS TO 'TIME.*' A young lady, who is evidently suscep tible to climatic influence, writes the fol :owing sonnet to Time:— 0 Time! be swift in flight, come to our aid! For \ve are «st upon a desert isle On which the ble~cd sun forgets to =jnile. Like ci'.csrs we wander, pallid and diaiuyed. Thronsh diillinq mists that cover hill and ptade. Xo flou-ori cheer iw; no sweet birds beguile The leauen-footnd hours; and all the while Rou^h billows thunder on the trembling* stade. But thou, O Time, can-t iead us to a clime Wiiere even ni;-it 13 lovely, and the day Glitters with beauty; where tlie fragTant rose For very charm of' life forcet-s to close; Where happy eonsstors pipe from many a spray — A shinin? summer-lind ! Be swift, O time: The present writer i.- inclined to sympa thise *u ith the poetess. The sunless, sloppy r.ise*'' of a London winter certainly makts one think of 'a clime where even night is lovely.' But at this moment, while all is dull and dreary, probably folks- in Austra lia are suffering a night thermometer in doors of 00 des., and one iinds comfort in the thr.u-rhi, that the other man is suffer ing ju.-t as irueh thoush in a different way. This apostrophe to Time recalls Shaks T-oare'.- ' Devouring Time! Blunt tliou the lion's claws!'' This may well be the daily prayer oi IV. Leyds. Mr. Asfjuith, Q.C, delivered an eloquent .iddress on education at Toynbee Hall a few eveninga ;ujo. The speech is worth quot ine m full, but space will not permit. Speaking of the nhon cms to knowiexige and the present-day opportunities of education, he points out that 'chero was, however, a certain danger of intellectual enervation in the very copiousness of the educational re sources with which the Londoij of tcniay was endowed, and the patih was now mace i so easy and pleasant that he feared th--c3' :T-MS--feJM52 S$ frarnjij^gjtrgpmwsa^ia. r^aie unseiiishnei-', tiii concentration which study in hard-er days used to demand. Ii that risk were to be evaded, lie would urge them not to go in for a bowing acquaintance with a large and heterogeneous number of subjects, not to t-2 contented with -naif knowledge, always to remember that dilettantism was the caricature and the enemy of culture. Again, let them refrain from the habit of over-cataloguing and classifying a particular subjeor-matter. A distinguished lecturer of his (Mr. Asnuith's) day at Oxford us-ed to tell them .of the fifteen detects and the twenty-three merits of the Athenian Consti tution. They were as neatly is-ouated and classified as tli? particular lots of a building estate in an auctioneer's catalogue. This danger of analysis, classification, labelling, was odo against which they would do well to be on their guard. A still m'bre common temptation, was -tli: abuse of memory. It wsis a sign of real jirogress in education when one got to know what one need not remember. It was an old commonplace that there was all the difference in ith^ world be tween the information which stocked the memory and the culture which quickened t'he intelligence. The memory sn-ouid be ro verued by a due sense of proportion. The truth was that some minds, even some great scholars — for a man might be a great .scholar and yet be imperfectly educated — were like a pantechnicon, stuffed to the roof with every kind of furniture, and yet without one single habitable room.'' The Leices't-er Guardians, who were ob durate for a time in their refusal to ap point a vaccination officer in accordance with a mandamus grunted at the instance of the Local Government Board, have now hauled down their pennant of defiance, and eaten the leek of complete humiliation. Die order for a writ of attachment against certain of them has, therefore, been with drawn, and uiie L.G.B. reigns paramount, without further opposition. Many old English sen-ants are very iiroud of the fact that they have never worked for any but one master. At a 'long-ierviee competition''' it lias come to light that a man employed by the Earl of Kimberley has been in his service — from 'ciow-frightener' .up to 'under- keeper' — for eishty-one yearr-. The old chap, now eighty-nine, still potters about. The notorious Makin child-murder casa in Xew South Wales was brought back to me mory this w*ek r-y the mention of it in an argunieat by counsel in another child murder case now before the Courts. A man -and woman are charged with -the mur der of an infant found in the Thames with a knotted string around its neeK. String airdarlv; kao4ird;^\Tia foupd in the house occupied by tluse people. Counsel v.-U-iied i Mr. John Hollingshciad, who was for IS to use this evidence for the prosecution, but years Manager of the Gaiety Theatre, the Jud^-e pointed out that in the Makin speaking at the Urban Club Yhis week, case the bodies were found in the backyard, gave a reason, for Shakspeare's selection of Here there was nothing to connect a body the role of the Ghost in **Harnlet' for his found in the Thames with the habitation own part on the stage. He affirmed that of the accused. I he evidence was not ad- j the immortal one was a practical man mitted. ? above al! things, and therefore a man who c. , ?,-,-? . X n 1 t ii looked ;ifter the takings. The part enabled !|^^I*»S™FI»I Suyj&^r ££«??? The child was christened the other day, the „ T ~ ? .??, r 11. 1 ? t Queen standing as godmother. It was called fl-^eni^ ^nefi thc Eton ^''V^ ^ -Victoria AlSai-drina Catherine.' Her died, aged S). He was an old identity well Majestv forwarded a very handsome dia- kn»Y to teonians of several generations, mond pendant, ThU tact .ami thoughtful- and he was universally hked. Many a fa ness on the part of the- Monarch never mous man has sat under him, and among ci,,m-.o_. them may be counted several now resident S-D-rs. ? . in South Australia. Tiie influenza scourge is abating, but not „ . , . . '*' . ,. ., before it has done some terrific execution Everybody is doing what he can indrndu among the best of England's great ones. *-fV?-T ^e Uar, -FujJA ancf organizations The swiftness of tlie stroke is appallmg. ?,f a« ™ds are taktng it ur- also. This week In several cases I -have missed men in the tae J -nncess Louise opened an Exhibition ot Citv for a dav or two, and, on casual en- ^°£? 0I ^ f the Guildiiall, ^vluch m ouin- have been astounded to hear that ?lu^CT;? VKtuTf V™'^ . ^ }l% ^Ia' thev had been cut off. One of them was J?sty tJ!e ^u,ee'' °^d. one b-' Tae Ute fT.]n%e rfio'ckinglv sudden, enough to call forth the Consort and the Princess Louise contr.but f [j o,,-.-^rrt_ ed a watercolour dn^ving. All tae pictures ' =' ' were presented by the artists in aid of the 'TV.is yesterday we smoked with him; Mansion House Relief Fund, and 'the whole We swapped what news we'd read; exhibition was got up in twelve days from In merry mood we joked with him; the time the idea was first mooted 'bv Mr. And now he a dead! J. W. Waitefhouse. Sir Edward Poynter, We drank the Mountain Dew with him, R-A:- in a speech at the opening, expressed And moments quickly sped; the hope that some part ot the funds would The hours were all too few with liim— go to relieve ithose connected with the co And now he's dead* lonists who are fighting in South Africa. That Australian favourite, Mrs. Brown Pot ry™Q}l- old friend; peace to thy dust ter recited 'Ordered to the Front/' Within its lonely bed; ? A little while, and we, 100, must . . , , _ , , Me with thee— dead. -**? man ''vas convicted under the Food and Drugs Act for selling a deleterious corn Last week the mortality record was set pound, to wit, 'chewing gum,'' which was down at 208, as against 316 for the previous not of ths nature of the article of food de seven days. The epidemic seems to be tra- manded. The defendant appealed this week, veiling northwards. The City undertakers and showed that the gum was labelled 'for say the Jews -have escaped the fatal effects chewing only. This must not be eaten.' of this malady almost entirely. The reason The appeal was allowed. given by one of the chosen people is that ? their race being a very nervous one, the The Salvation Army has been Sned 6d. doctor is called in, and' the patient is put for keeping a common lodging-house trith to bed directly it makes its appearance. out a licence. The matter — which has al ? - ready been referred to — may therefore be , , , , ... considered settled, and no doubt the L.C.C A man who Tyas on the steamer which resuiatjons v:i]\ *,e obeved. tooic Mr. Krphng to the Cape writes some ? 1_ interesting notes about him. He says the The questionable methods of certain jour great poet is here, there, and every-™ ere, nalists who 'stand in' on the successful as busy and brisk as a schoolboy, enquiring flotation of Companies came under notice into everything novel or distinctive on the this week jn a. case brought against the Edi steamer. Speaking about the soldiers at tor of the 'United Sen-ice Gazette, the'Or the war, he remarked that he hoped Tom- gan of Imperial Federation.' This gentle my would be given sometiring to drink, man's name is Einanuel— an unfortunate 'Alcohol is prohibited,' said his friend, cognomen in his case. He published a dis ''What rubbdsh!' exclaimed Kipling;. 'Give powging note upon a certain undertaking, them some beeu they..need it!' ' and then jvratejto .tfee, ? pstprietprs of the j cu'i.-ij-n otlering to place £50,000 worth of ? 1 their shares — presumably for a sufficient consideration. The Lord Chief Justice made some severe remarks on the 'profli- gate dishonesty of suc-ii men, who brought the Press into contempt.' The printers, publishers, and owners of the paper were mulcted in damages of £2 each. A deputation headed by the Duke . of Newcastle waited upon the Archbishop at Lambeth Palace this week and presented a petition protesting against the opinion on the matter of incense and lights. In reply the Arrhbithop said he had no desire to foist op cons of his own upon the Church of EngliUid, but on the other hand dises rablislnncn*: was. a serious alternative. Apropos of a note of last week the Rev. Mr. .lierry, of Emanuel's, Plymouth, won't give up the Nonconformists'. The Archdeacon of Exeter was to have taken his pulpit next Sunday, but now refuses. Mr. Berry says he's very sorry, but if a sub stitute is not provided the Church will be closed, as he is going to preach at the Ebe nezer Wesleyan Chapel. 