NEWS AND NOTES. Auction?.-Auction advertisements will be found on page 8. Sir John Forrest.-The Premier hopes to pay a visit to his constituents at Bun bury shortly after the prorogation of Parliament. He will address his consti tuents on the political situation. Supreme Court Arrangements. - His Honour Mr. Justice Stone will sit in the No. 2 Court to-morrow, and resume ,the bearing of causes on the May list. The June Criminal Sittings will commence to morrow in No.1 Court. One of the Finest Armies in the World.--" The army at Bloemfontein is," writes iMr. F. W. Walker in the London " Daily Express," on the eve of Lord Roberts's move on the Transvaal, " one of the finest the world has ever seen, and cer tainly the best ever put into the field by Great Britain. The grande armee tinder Napoleon was not more fit than these 40,000 Britons, who lie round the cit' a mighty cordon of Imperial strength of power- gun and waggon horse and foot, carrying on the business of war successfully nearly 7.000 miles from the homeland. It has been the sight of a lifetime to see this army of tireat and Greater Britain stretching its bivouacs and camp- fires in a seem ingly endless lind across the landscape. The glorious traditions of British arms during the centuries of Empire-making rose pregnantly to the mind as one looked upon the dotted veldt, and our history has no record of so grand an army, either Wellington's or Marlbor ough's, or Raglan's, or Outram's. Here lay regiments who, in the Queen's great reign, have piled up the Empire brick: by brick; the former geherations of these corps have faced the battery smoke at Balaclava and Sebastopol, climbed the . tnsa's heights, and fought fog and foe at Inkerman. They stemmed the blood red torrent of the Mutiny and quelled the savage races of the Khans. Here a regiment which followed Roberts to _-andahar, and yet another which was bruised in the hot hell of the Chardeh Valley. They have crossed the desert under Stewart and Kitchener, and fought under brave dead Earle, all in the north'of Africa- in. the west they crossed the malarial Prah, and after r many Cape battles of the reign, now I seek to finally restore the south. Their 1 records spread over the hemispheres C from east to west, until west becomes t east once more and they have flown i the flag from the North Star to the t Southern Cross.. The men who form c these grand regiments to-day, are they..a any less worthy than their forefathers? I Not one bit, as Talana. Elands Lasgte, a Ladysmith, Belmont, Graspan, and a dozen other fights proclanim. In over- d coming the Boers in their strongholds, f they have shown the same dogged pluck i as the men who stormed Badajoz and c died hard at Talavera. City Council Meeting.-To-day being a holiday, the usual fortuightly meeting I of the City Council will be held to-mor row (Tuesday) evening. In addition to the usual business the following appear on the notice naper:--Notice of mo- r tion.-Cr. Woodward to move: That in future the construction or alteration of r level of any road or footpath be not put in hand unless the written consent to such construction or alteration be first obtained from all owners of property ad jacent to or abutting upon such road or footpath. Special Council Meating. A call of the whole council is hereby c made, in pursuance of the by-laws of A the council, for the following purpose: -Cr. Draper to move: (a) That all the t words in the by-law passed on the 25th February, 1$,98, making the rates pay- t able in two instalments at such time as the council shall by resolution appoint t at the time of making such rates, after t the word "appoint" be struck out; (b) that so much of the resolution of the r 'council, passed on the 15th December, 1899, as makes the second moiety of the 2 rates payable on the first day of June, I be rescinded; (c) that the second moiety c of the rates be payable on the first day t of July; (d) that a list be prepared of E all persons who have paid the first moiety of the rates for 1900, and that c as soon as all steps necessary to rescind the by-law and resolution of the council ' making the Second moiety of rates nay able on the first day of June have lbeen I taken, this list be forwarded to the elec toral registrar, and that he be notified that non-payment of the second moiety of the rates before the 20th September 1 is no longer a disqualification; (e) that d a full record, showing clearly how and t why the names of certain ratepayers t have been struck off the municipal elec- i toral list, and the inability of the coun cil to reinstate them, be immediately 1 drawn up, and that the Government be t forthwith requested to lay before Par- t liament a Bill to have names inserted in t the list of electors for the metropolitan t districts and province. Rewards for Generals.-A London daily paper has been discussing the ques tion of honours and rewards for services rendered in South Africa. "There is, first," it remarks, "Lord Roberts, the Commander of the forces, to whom one .step, possibly two, in the peerage will certainly be accorded. In the first'flush of excitement after Cronje's surrender, , he was hailed Duke of Paardeburg by general acclaim but he certaily has not earned a dukedom, nor is if usual to pass at one bound from the lowest to the highest rank of nobility. Viscount or Earl Roberts of Bloemfontein or Pre toria, or who shall say what, will be the 1 natural return for his latest services, C with remainder, probably, to his daugh- e ter's children in default of the male heir unhappily slain at Colenso. To sup port the dignity of an earldom a Parlia- I mentary grant of from £75,000 to £100,000 will be no more than sufficient. 'Lord Kitchener stands next in social a rank, although professionally junior to many of his comrades, he will no doubt become Viscount Kitchener, and will be promoted from Major-General to Lien- i tenant-General. Next Sir Redvers I Buller and Sir George White stand pro minently forward as men who have borne the heat and toil of the day, who have been sharply criticised, but who, for their dogged endurance, if not for 1 their military successes, have deserved J well of their country. At the outset of the war it was confidently said that c Buller went out with a peerage in his I pocket, and the reversion to Lord Wolseley's place as Commander-in-Chief. t It is little likely that he will get either, except that he has claims from distin guished previous service and ample i means to support a rank which would die with him. In a military sense, there is nothing more to give him except, later on, the rank of Field-Marshal. A baronetcy also for Sir George White might be taken as a matter of course, save that he is not possessed of large private means, and his only son might some day find the title a burden. The only decoration that White has not got is that of G.C.M.G., and he would pro hably appreciate promotion to the rank Perth Weather.-The following tem peratures in shade were recorded at the Observatory on Saturday and Sun day :-Saturday: M?x-imum, 66.2 de grees ; minimum, 57.8 degrees. Sun day: Maximum, 65.4 degrees; mini mum, 54.0 degrees. A New Barley.-The Department of Agriculture has just received a ship ment of a remarkably quick-growing barley, known as "The Sea of Asof." This Earley is highly spoken of in Eng asd and elsewhere on account of its rapidity of growth for feeding purposes. Several cuttings can be obtained from it in the same season. It is also highly spoken of as a malting barley, it having been tried in Queonsland, and reported, on by the maltsters there as a first-class varie~ty. The British War Office has had experiments mnacn wrin it, ana, as a result, has ordered a large quantity of it to be sent to Natal, where it will be sown to supply feed icr the horses en gaged in the war. The seed received by the Department of Agriculture will be distributed amongst farmers here who apply. on the condition that for each bushel of seed supplied to them they will return two bushels after harvest. All English and colonial reports speak highly of this barley, and as the quan titv is limited, application should be made immediately. "The War: Its Profits and Losses." Trinity Congregational Church was crowded last night, when the Rev. W.'T. Kench preached on "The War." taking ris text from Joshua. "So Joshua took the whole land, and the land had rest from war." He thoueht that every man in the British Empire, no matter what his creed, or his opinion as to the jus tice of the war, was thankful that the Transvaal war was drawinl to a close. Soon the angel of peace would spread her wings over the land. and peace would reign again. It had been a costly war, but had they gained anythinu but new lands and fresh markets? There had been a quickening of the national life. The war was entered upon light-hear tedly: young men, stron" in muscle and sinew and in the knowledge of* their power, had gone forth, thinking that ther would end thiis stri.gle in a few weeks. But when the weeks had ex tended into wear" months and disaster had overtaken our troops, and when our ions' blood poured over rocks and plains of South Africa. then our pride and vanity sank, men became humbled and moved about ouietly. and the knowledge came to many that God was still greatest of all. War could not he painted with too dark a brush, but if it would clear away what was -worse- selfish luxury, greediness, indolent dandyism, or com mercial corruption-then, had they gained by the war. The eres of men had been lifted from the Stock Exchange. Men who had been used to view-i politics through value of stocks had been moved I by the heroism of our troose and the stubborn resistance of a handful of men, as at Mafeking and Ladysmith. M?en had been taught to look higher. and there was a closer bond of patriotism and I loyalty to the Queen than ever before. The preacher quoted Froude's opinion. to the effect that if ever Enuland i became involved in war. the Australians would detoch themselves from the mother country. How had the Austra lians disproved these words to- day? There was a tendency now for the federa tion of the British Empire. Sir Henry Parkes' dream of the federation of Aus tralia was about to he realised, and lie hoped Western Australia would not be left out. But what had they lost by the war ? First and foremost. thousands of i lives of the best of the yoee,. men, whose sinews and muscles but for the swar would have been used in developing the t resources of our country. The young 'E men from Caiada, India, and Austra- t lasia had flocked to .the standard of our c Queen. How many of them were alive that night, and how many had passed 1 into the unseen world? It was nothing c to those who had lost none of their loved d ones, but what did it mean to the t mother, the young wife, the children? i Lord RDoberts had gone-to the war with a sad heart: his only son had been killed a before he nut foot in South Affica. They 1 died for our enlargement and inspiration for our freedom. Racial bitterness and t hatred accounted for another loss. It t would take years to efface the-bitterness i of this war. They had conquered the I Transvaal but not the Boers. Only by wise legislation could they hope to do i this, and it was their duty to plead for c clemency and toleration for the mis- t guided Boers, who were, after all. breth ren. The young men growing up would f be the citizens of to-morrow, and heap pealed to them to view the questions of I natio-,' life from the highest stand point. During the service the choir ren dered two anthems, "All ye Nations" and "Gloria," and the concluding hymn was "God .ave the Queen." Commemoration Concert.--The suc cess of Her Majesty's forces in South Africa will be celebrated by a commemo ration concert in Queen's Hall to-night. The programme has been most attrac-, tivel- arranged by Mr. Ernst Crone, the musical director, and a large at tendance maybe expected. At 6 clor''ck the "Rational Anthem" will be sung by I the audience. Amongst the soloists are Mrs. Johnston James, the popular so nrano, Miss Sadie Harris, who will make i her first appuarance in this hall, also the Misses Bircher and James, and Messrs. Polglase and Rosser. A feature of the concert will be the first appearance of the male double quartette party, or ganised by MIr. Crome, who will give amongst their numbers the military chorus "Beleaguered," which is sure to I be received well at the present time, s when recollections of the sieges of Mafe- I king and Ladysmith are so green. The price -of admission is Is., and the doors of the hall will be open at 7.15 p.m. Charles-street Wesley Church.-The anniversary services of Charles-street Wesley Church were celebrated yester day. The Rev. Thomas Bird, secretary to the Western Australian Wesleynn Me thadist Conference, conducted the mrn- I ins service, and preached a sermon on "The Communion of the Sanctuary."' A golden offertory was taken at the ser vice. In the evening the president of the conference, the Rev. G. E. Row.e, took the service, and a number of an thems were sung by the church ch' r, the J,loists being Mrs. Barker and Mii 1 Cttrway. A large congregatio.a was p. (-sent at each selrice. The anniver sary celebrations will be continued this I evening, when a tea and public meeting will be held. The chair will be taken by 1 the Rev. G. E. Rowe, and among the 1 speakers, besides the chairman, will be the Revs. J. A. Jeffreys and W. A. I Hay, Rev. W. T. Kench, pastor of I Trinity Congregational Church, and the 1 Rev. A. H. Moore, B.A. minister of 1 West Perth Presbyterian Church. Registered Company.-The only com pany registered for the week ending June 2 was the following:-Caledonia I Tin Mine, Greenbushes (No Liability), capital £4,000 in 16,000 shares of 5s. each. Office Jubilee Chambers, St. George's-terrace. June Criminal Sittings.-The follow ing" are the cases set down for hearing at the June Criminal Sittings, which , commence to-morrow :-Peter Perrez, alias Pedro Pailis, Peter de la Cruz, alias Pedro Delaeruz, Ma?imino Roy as, Hogo, alias Jug'o Magdalojo, Sebia Garcia, Jean Baptiste, alias Dijon Bab tista charged with the murder of J. A. Reddel, J. A. Taylor, and L. H. Red dell on thehigh seas; Peter Perre, alias Pedro Pailis, charged with the murder 1 of Jimmy, an aboriginal, on the high seas; Peter de I Cruz, alias Pedro De lacruz, charged with the murder of Ando, a Japanese, on the high seas; E. A. Wilson, charged with- gross inde cency; Thomas Skelton, Daniel Buck ley, and David Lockyer, charged with robbery with violence at Sodthern Cross- Hugh Pickering and Michael John Burns, crged with robbery with violence; Robert Holland, charged with larceny. The name of John de Baun, charged with conducting a lottery, does not appear on the above list, because the information has not yet reached the Crown Law officers, but in all probabi lity the case will be tried at this sit tings. Patriotic Social.-On Saturday even ing last a smoke social was held by the employees of the Locomotive Workshops at Fremantle, in celebration of the cap ture of Johannesburg and the evacuation of Pretoria by the Boers. The gathering took place in the banqueting-room of the Park Hotel and considerably more than a hundred persons were present, all" of whom wore a red, white, and blue rosette in honour of the occasion. Mr. E. H. Hume, the manager of the work shops, occupied the chair. Light re froshmeits were provided, and, after theose had been partaken of, the health of the Queen was drunk with musical honours. The Chairman then proposed "The Navy and Army and Lord Ro berts," which toast was most enthusias tically received. With the tonst was coupled the name of Captain Abbott, who commands the Locomotive Volun teer Corps, and who occupied the post of honour on the right-hand side of the chairman. Captain Abbott responded in a happy speech. Mr. H. E. Rigg submitted '"Generals Baden-Powell and White, ., heroes of Mafeking and Sauysmiui. ,ae cneers wIan wmcn ne mention of these names was greeted were deafening, and were repeated time after time. Mr. Denton responded. "Our Boys at the Front," proposed by Mr. Owens; "?The W.A. Defence Force and the Loco. Volunteers," and several other toasts were duly honoured. Dur ing the evening a number of songs and recitations were rendered by Messrs. Rutherford, Little. Christie and friend, and others. Altogether a very pleasant evening was spent. St. John's, Fremantle.-At St. John's Church, Fremantle, yesterday morning the sermon was preached by the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Tasmania. His Lordship appealed strongly for help to be given to the fund for establishing an Assistant Bishopric in Western Aus tralia. In the evening the sermon was preached by the Bishop of Perth, Dr. Riley, who delivered an eloquent and stirring address on blasphemy agnimt the Holy Ghost. The North Ward Councillors. With reference to the recent vote of censure on the Mayor and councillors submitted by the ratepayers at the meeting at the Town.Hall on Tuesday evening last, it is the intention of the councillors of the North Ward to convene a meeting of ratepayers of the ward at an early date to give them an opportunity of express ing their views. American Tea.-A new delicacy is pro mised for the British breakfast-table in the shape, of American tea. For the past ten years experiments have been car ried on in South Carolina in this direc tion. Beginning on a small scale, there are now some 50 acres there under cul tivation, for which a yield of at least 10,CGOlb. of high-grade tea is expected when the trees reach maturity. A profit of 25 per cent. was made even two years ago upon the 2,000lb. of tea sold, and every year the yield will be greater. The black tea preduced there, states an English paper, has a distinctly cha racteristic lavcur, and, like some of the choicer Oriental teas, its liquor has .more strength than its colour indicates. City Police Court.-The Bench at the City Police Court was occupied on Satur day by Messrs. A. G. Russell (Chairman) and E. Shenton, J's. P., when Samuel ,us, charged with using bad language. was fined 20-., in default seven days' imp?isonment. Robert Barwise, an idle and disorderly person, was given a bad character by P.cs. McAuley and Whyte, by whom he was described as a hotel loafer and shepherd of drunken men. lie was sent to gaol for a month. Lied ardo Proselli was fined 20s. and costs, in default 14 days' imprisonment, for sel ling bad fish at Claremont. General Purposes Committee's Re port.-The general purposes committee will report as follows at the meeting of the City Council to-morrow evening Swimming Baths: The lessee's applica tion for alterations to the baths is held over in order that further particulars may be obtained. Coffee Stalls: Re letter from two coffee stall-keepers, re commended that the license fee be not re duced. Town Hall Offices: Re altera tion of the council offices, your commit tee state that such was done without authority from them, and protests against" such action in the future. Weights and Measures: The question of'the removal of weight from the cus tody of the inspector has bpen referred to the investigation committee. Cater ing: Recommended that Mr. W. W. Berry be offered £50 in full settlement of his account for catering at the Im perial Bushmen's reception. Failing ac ceptance, the account to be deferred un til next committee meeting. Cab Fare Card: The Cabmen's Union has been in formed that his Worship the Mayor will receive a deputation with regard to the fare card. Accounts: Recom mended that accounts, amounting to £50 6s., paid since last meeting, and £37 14s., presented for payment, be passed. Cab Fares: The Town Clerk has been instructed to prepare a de tailed statement of cab fares expended during the presenit financial year. for submission at this meetino. Tram Fares: The account submitted by Mr. W. F. Stevens, for 'bus and tram fares, amounting to £3 19i Gd., is referred to the council. Town IHrll: The Town Hall having been engaged for the pur pose of holding a public meeting on the 10th.-May, by Sir George Shenton's com mittee, and not used on that date, it is recommended that the Town Clerk be instructed to" request payment of the fee of £4 4s., in accordance with the by laws. City Finance Committee.-The finance committee will report as follows at Tuesday evening's meeting of the City Council:--Accounts recommended for payment, £1,210 2s.; accounts paid since last meeting, £979 14s. 2d. Bank balances, 30th May: General account, dr. £1,180 10s. 4d.; loan rate account, cr. £1,404 18s. Sd. Trust Account: Current account, cr. £360 16s. 7d.; fixed deposits, cr. £5,226 10s.; total, cr. £5,587 Gs. 7d. No. 7 loan account, er. 3s. 10d.; health account, er. £306 16s. 9d. Estimates of Works.---(a) Re commended. that the following works be passed :-Footpath in Beaufort-street, £23; Queen-street water tabling, £130, drainage ; continuation of William-street drain, £74, drainage; outlet of Lord street drain, £85; Perth Park, flowers and preparing ground, £12. The "drainage" items are recommended sub ject to the approval of the Government being obtained. (b) Recommended that Mr. Perry be required to bear the whole expense of drainage of his Murray-street property. Parks and Reserves.-Re commended that the parks committee be requested to confine their expenditure to maintenance only, until a further subsidy be obtained from the Govern ment. Lamps.-Re lighting of Gode- rich-street, recommended that no lamps be erected pending decision re electric lighting. £800 for a Giraffe.-At the recent an nual meeting of the London Zoological Society, a very interesting report was presented. The council takes note of a dozen animals added to the menagerie, mentionig- specially the young male giraffe, bought for £800. which, with one purchased in 1895, enables the so ciety to boast that it owns "the only pair of young giraffes now to be found in any of the zoological gardens in Eu rope." Giraffe hunting ought to be a paying sport. From the list of provi sions consumed during 1899, it appears that 234 horses, weighing 92 tons; 186 goats, weighing 869 stone; and 1,260 quarts of shrimps were swept into the maw of the menagerie. St. George's Literary Society.-A meeting of the above society was held on Friday evening, the president (Mr. F. R. 3larlee) being in the chair. After too ordinary business of the society had been disposed of, an interesting lecture on "The Aborigines of Western Australia" was delivered by Mr. J. E. Fannia Evans, and.was followed by a discussion, in whinch Mr. H. G. Prinsep and the Dean of Perth took part. Industrial and Reformatory Schools. The following return by Mr. J. Longmore, the Inspector of Industrial and Reforms tory Schools shows admissions, discharges, etc., for the month ending May 31: Government Industrial School, Subiaco Number of inmates resident on the 30th April, 29 boys, 19 girls; admitted, 1 boy; discharged, 3 boys, 1 girl; number remain ing on the 31st May, 27 boys, 18 girls. Boys' Reformatory, Rottnest-Numbsr of inmates resident on the 30th April, 10; number remaining on the 31st May. 10. St. Kevin's Orphange Industrial and Re formatory School for Roman Catholio Boys, Glendalough-Number of inmates resident on the 30th April, 40; admitted, 2; discharged, 2; number remaining on the 31st May, 40. Subiaco Orphanage Industrial School for Roman Catholic Boys \--Number of inmates resident on the 30th April, 75; number remaining on the 31st May. 75. Orphanage Indostrial School for Roman Catholio Girlse, Perth--Xumber of inmates resident on the 30th April, 80; admitted, 4; discharged, 2; number re masning on the 31st May, 82. 'The return of the Swan Protestant Boys' Orphanage and Perth Girls' Protestant Orphanage were not to hand when Mr. Loagmore's report wars compiled. , Charitable Institutions.-The following is the report of Mr. J. Longmore, the Superintendent of Public Charities, show- ing admissions, discharges, etc., for the month ending May 31:-Mount Eliza Depôt—number of inmates resident on the 30th April, 263; admitted, 17; re- admitted, 28; total, 45; grand total, 308. Discharged,27; deaths, G; total, 33. Num- ber remaining on the 31st May, 275. Names of inmates died: William Barry, aged 64, William Burgess, aged 85; Andrew Dorne, aged 73; Barney Flannigan, aged 74; William Bain, aged 76; Samuel Brecknell, aged 65. Perth Female Home-Number of inmates resident on the 30th ApriL 70; home: admitted, 6; maternity ward: births, 2; children's ward: admitted, 1; total, 9; grand total, 79. Homo: dis charged, 6; maternity ward: discharged, 2; children's ward: discharged, 53 death, 1; total, 14; number remaining on the 31st May, 65. Name of inmate died, Lola Wright, aged 50. Perth United Friendly Societies.-A meeting of the Board of Management of the United Societies of Perth district was held on Friday night at Tesla's studio. Mir. L. Nagel presided, and there was a large attendance of delegates. A letter was read from the secretary of the Perth` Hospital acknowledging raeipt of a cheque on account of the recent procession. A letter was also received from the secretary of the United Societies of Boulder with re spect to the granting of a sum of £1,500 on joint mortgage. This was referred to the trustees for report. The secretary Perth Public Hospital wrote, in reply to a letter of complaint addrereed by the Friendly Societies to the Hospital Board relative to the treatment of a member's daughter. and, as the reply was unanimously con sidered unsatisfactory by the delegates present, it was decided to organise a depu tation to the Colonial Secretary on the subject at the earliest possible date. A committee consisting of one delegate from 1 each ?ociety was appointed to revise the present Friendly Societies Act and report to a future meeting. It was decidedto invite suggestions regarding amendments from all societies and members for considers& tion. Swan Boys' Orphanage -The new farm h buildings belonging to the Swan Boys' Orphanage will be opened to- day by the Bishop of Tasmania. A picnic will be held on the Orphanage grounds, to shich a large number of ladies and gentlesmen have \- een invited. The train convoying the gnests leaves Perth at half-past 10 this morning. 'ThIe Rev. J. Gilmore.--The 1evr. J. Gil more, ,:he newly-arrived Presbyterian I iministee. rent to tlis colony by the Irish Presbyterian Church, prcn"hed yesterday morning at Cottesioe, and in the evening at St. Andrew's Church. Pier-street. There \- was a large congregation on the latter occasion. The preacher made a most Sfavourable impression on his hearers, the subject matter and the stilo of his dis course alike being eccellent. a Opposition to License. - During the f evening service at the Wesley Church, Fremantle, last nirht, the Rev G. E. Wheatley brought forward the following motion :-" The congregation of Wesley Church, Fremantle, comprising 70O per ions, baving heard that Y. Okawa. of Market-street, is applying for a colonial wine license for his restaurant on pro mrises in the immediate vicinity of the church (the entrance to Y. Okawa's shop being exactly 55ft. Gin. from the side entrance to Wesley Church), the congre gation respectfully, but most earnestly, requests the Licensing.Bench not to grant the application. The congregation further protests against the granting of such licenses to aliens, as being detrimental to the best interests of the country, expe rience having proved that many licensed vine shops are more injurious to the town than ordinarylicenses. The congregation, by a rising vote, requests the minister to sign this protest on their Jehalf and for ward the same to the Licensing Bench." The motion was carried by'everyone pre sent rising to their feet. The Late Cr. P. Maconachie.-The funeral of the late Cr. P. Maconachie, of the Leederville Miuncipal Council, who succumbed to typhoid fever after a brief illness of three days, took place yester- day afternoon in the Presbyterian por- tion of the Karrakatta Cemetery. A large number of residents of Leederville followed the remains to their last rest- ing place, amongst whom were the Mayor of Leederville (Mr. J Veryard), the town clerk (Mr. J. W Johnson), Crs. Rae, H. Dickson, R. J. Dickson, J. H Reece, - Thompson, and T. H. Cavanagh, and about 60 members of Court Perseverance, Ancient Order of Foresters of which the deceased was a member. The chief mourner was Mr. Cohen, and the pall-bearers were six members of his own court, viz., Bros. J. R. Bott, D.C.R., H. J. Collins, A. Bott, B. Mills, W. Kinsman, and C. McGrath. Wreaths were sent by the following: - The Mayor, councillors, and officers of Leederville, Mr. S. J. McGibbon, the employees of the Pantheon, Mr. and Mrs. J. Veryard, Mrs. Cohen, Mr. Cohen and employees. The Rev. P. Wilson officiated at the grave, and the funeral arrangements were in the hands of Mr. Donald J. Chipper. ramantloe Police Court.-At the Fre mantle Police Court on Saturday last, Richard Dryden was sent to gaol for ithree months on a charge of vagrancy, while John Cameron, for interfering with the -olice ,was ordered to pay £2, in default 14' days' imprisonment. F. Draper, who was stated to be on the pro hibited list, was accused of loitering about: public-houses for the purpose of procuring liquor, and his father J Draper, was brought up for supplying him with the same. Mr. Beresford ap peared for both accused. - F.. Draper was sent to gaol for seven days, and hie father was lined £1, together with costs. 