WAYS OP XjlVlN'Gk ' NEWSPAPER FRAUDS, UNLIMITED' ' The fraudulent advertisement is a hardy perennial, as difficult to kill as a healthy ghost or a false tradition,' re marked a magistrate's clerk to the writer not long since. ' There is no rooting it out, and whilst the vigilance of the police and of newspaper men is cutting it down in one direction, it is beginning to flourish in another.' He spoke pessimistically — as perhaps, considering the dreary nature of his duties, was natural enough! but few will dispute the justice of his next observa tion. ' The only practicable way of checking the evil, apart from prosecutions,' he said, ' is by repeated exposure in the press, thus enabling at least the newspaper reading portion of the pnblic to judge for themselves what paragraphs are probably or possibly swindles.' After complimenting the ' Saturday Journal ' on certain exposures of this kind which have from time to time ap peared in its columns, the official pro ceeded to detail such instances of adver tising frauds as had come under his notice. From among these I select a few of the most ingenious and and impudent for in clusion here, before passing on to relate the history of a gigantic conspiracy of the same nature. Marvels of value; Must be cleared! SEWING-MACHINES for sale at a RIDICULOUS FIGURE ! No toy or Brummagem goods, but a real well-made Sewing Machine, guaranteed to stitch smoothly and well. Price only 2s. 6d., by post 3s. All machines returned : as defective will be promptly exchanged free of charge. This offer, emanating from a large hard ware centre in the Midlands, met with a liberal response. Those whom it induced to part with their money realised that the 'ridiculous figure' was their own, when they received in exchange — an ordinary sewiag-needle.' No less audacious was the following : — SMOKY CHIMNEYS ! Smoky Chimneys! Why suffer in health and temper from this intolerable nuisance when a remedy can be cheaply obtained? We will forward our patent TUBULAR SMOKE-GUIDE to any address on receipt of 8s. 6d. in stampB. Never fails to act. Warranted for two years. The 'Bmoke-guide' which applicants ob tained proved to be a common briar pipe. Genuine and successful instances of swindles of this type might be multiplied, but they all present practically the same general features — a carefully vague offer, and entire reliance on the gullibility of the public. A more curious illustration of the latter characteristic was afforded by thiB as tounding offer in a country weekly news paper. Only the names have been altered : — WINSTANTON Town Hall. — On Saturday evening next, at 8 o'clock precisely, PROFESSOR MARCESI, the renowned levitator and equilibrist, will' give his world-famous performance, in the course of which he will mount to the roof, unaided, by successive leaps iu the air. This feat, unequalled among the acrobats of the universe, depends lor its success upon the Professor's secret and exclusive discovery of a method of demagnetisation from the power of gravity. Admission, by ticket only, 6s., 2s. 6d., Is. A reduction for i families aud parties. Tickets may be ob tained half-price if purchased before I Friday next, from Professor Marcesi, 14, Lyons Street. In its concluding Rentence lay the real reason for the insertion. Tho ProfesBor, having secured considerable patronage on half- price terms, vanished from his lodg ingsf whether by levitation or other means) in the small hours of the Friday morning, with the money of the too- confiding readers whom his preposterous advertise ment had deceived. Lest country readers should resent the seeming slight upon their intelligence implied by the above, let me interpose with a hoax no less successfully per petrated on Londoners some twelve mouths ago. One of the mushroom weeklies that spring up from time to time iu the Metropolis, to grace a remote corner of the bookstalls for a few weeks and then vanish, inserted a curious aud fraudulent notice in a conspicuous corner of each issue : — LS.L.A. Authors, journalists and . others desirous of obtaining this dii-loma should apply to the Secietary, eic. The fact that 'this diploma' is unknown to fame, did not prevent many persons — the present writer among them — from ask ing how it could be obtained. Here is the reply to applicants : — ' Society of London Authors. ? Dxa.b Sib, — In reply to your enquiry, the Committee of this Society are prepared to grant their Literate diploma to a limited number of persons who can fur nish satisfactory proofs ot' their connection with the London Press. 'If you desire the distinction, and will forward with your application a copy ot' any article, story, poem, etc., you may have contributed to a magazine or other publication issued in London, I shall be glad to place your name before the Com mittee. If the contribution if unsigned, a written statement of your authorship is essential. ' I need hardly point out the advantages accruing to a member of the literary pro fession from his association with this Society. ' Yours faithfully, ? W ? H ? . 'P.S. — A Registration Fee of two guineas should accompany your appli lo tion. It will be returned in the event of your proving unsuccessful.' The careless reference in the postscript is delightful it is as though the question of the fee had almost escaped Mr. W ? H ? '8 attention altogether. Apart from the obviously intentional copying in tne Society's title, of that well-known body the Boaiety of Authors, the tenor of the whole letter is not exactly calculated to inspire confidence. It is, in fact, a clever appeal to the weakness of not a few persons for the luxury of aBtring of letters after their names. Those — and they were many — who parted with their two guineas, did not receive oven the worthless diploma their vanity coveted. For the Society of London Authors, its mission — that of 'raising the wind' — being accomplished, quietly and unostentatiously subsided. Other instances must be omitted as the space is insufficient for the deings of other concerns. The Duke of Parma has a larger family than any prince in Europe. By his first wife, a prinoess of Bourbon Sicily, he had nine children, all of whom survive except the eldest, the late Princess of Bulgaria. By his second wife, who was a princess of Braganza, he has niue moro children, his youngest being only a year old. j 