COMPLETE STOEYi THE GHATEAD GHOST, EDWARD H. COOPER. [CorrEiairr.] apparition. Years ago ono of uiy female ancestors, who was not as agreeahlo a person as she might have been, rauraemdhcr nephew, tlie heir to our title, inorder to mate way fornn otherand favourite relation. She stabbed Lira in a room at the top of the tower, and, according: to an arrangement with the othc^ relative, lit a lantern and hc-H it up at the window as: a! signal that the deed was done, aiid that he ■=was to take certain steps for her safety. "Something went wrong, however; for she Jfcras discovered by a friend of the murdered Snan, and in order to save family disgrace, was imprisoned for life in the room where she had committed the murder. Since then, whenever the head of the family or his heir is ahout.to die a light appears at the turret window and shines out on the lake in front. £fhe late marquis saw it once (or said he did) the night before poor Gerard died. "We have examined the room, hut there is absolutely nothing in it." ^ " A curious story, monsieur le marquis." " Very curious, Monsieur Arleton." Monsieur le Marquis de Hantpaflle let on long slender hand fall over the arm of his chair, and brushed a little bit of cigarette ash off his coat with the other. From a very ' faint elevation of his eyebrows and a slightly dry tone in his voice, as he answered this commonplace remark, one concluded that (or some reason or other he considered it imper tinent of the speaker to make any remark at all. It was the custom of the marquis to regard anybody not of his own rauk as im pertinent if he spoke without being addressed, and the person called Arleton was a mere plebeian, a speculator in vineyard crops, the .marquis believed, whose family had been Presidents in this neighbourhood and humble followers of the d'Hautepaille family for several generations. The marquis allowed a certain amonntof freedom to this man, first because of the long family connection ; secondly, because the man had a very pretty sister, whom monsieur le marquis had honoured with his admiration. The relations between lord and vassal had been slightly charged, the marquis believed, during the past century or two, and what was once a right had become a favour. Therefore the marquis was (whenever he chanced to recollect the lapse of that century or two) languidly polite to the brother of Madem oiselle Yvonne Arleton. Monsieur Arleton said nothing, but now nnd again the marquis might have observed in bis tenant's eyes and mouth (if he had ever condescended to observe the eyes and mouth of a speculator in vineyard crops,'which, of course, he never did) a oerfain furious watch fulness which betokened that the admiration of monsieur le marquis for Mademoiselle Yvonne was a matter. of interest to tho watcher, and further a certain hardness and determination, which suggested that the young man might shortly find something to say or do with re gard to the marquis's feeling and actions* and even in opposition to them. Altogether, a wiser man ilian Monsieur le Marquis d'Hautepaille would have treated his tenant with somc-thiug else than languid politeness; with flatter}*, perhaps—or bribery, or even with a little caution. The young man usked permission to call < monsieur this evening on a matter of business, and monsieur languidly supposing that the s business referred to the • buying or selling of vineyard crops, graciously gavo permission and even offered coffee to his guest. Some details connected with the failure of a large part of that year's vintage-had indeed been mentioned, nnd monsieur languidly conclud ing that the business had been settled, was inclined to feci some faint surprise that his visitor did not go and leare him ' to play 'ecarte with Monsieur le Oomte de Eealier*; who v.'iis, indeed, sitting in another chair, himself speculating as to when this young man might be likely to depart. .But the youug man sat on, fingering a cigarette which had been presented to him with the coffee, adding a word or two to the conversation at intervals and showing • symptoms of any intention to depart; so that the marquis (whose amourette with Made moiselle Yvonne had now reached a very advanced stage indeed) resigned himself to an evening of conversation. The talk had drifted into the world of the supernatural; and the marquis, with an : of good-natured contempt, had told his family ghost story to the Comte de Bealier. Once again, to the very considerable astonishment of the marquis, Monsieur Arleton had spoken without being addressed. But then Yvonne was in a house scarcely a mile away, and those two centuries had passed by. The mar quis contented himself withi an elevation of his eyebrows and an inflection of dry surprise in his voice. - The Comte de Bcalier got up from his chair with a stifled yawn, and wandered across the room to a window. • 4< What a charming night!" he said ; "a most beautiful night, with the air as soft as summer!" he continued, casting a morose glance at the young visitor, as if hoping that the repeated words might inspire him with a ; desire to try the merits of the night air. " I ! can hear a nightingale, and—ha! ■ my friend, ; this is curious! Is your mysterious light i anything like this ? Come and look here. Quick!" Monsieur le marquis, who would have scorned to be surprised or flnstered by the Day of Judgment, and if his house were on fire would have perished in the flames rather than hurry out of the room, rose leisurely and walked across to the window. If ho had thought it worth his while to notice the faco of a speculator in vineyard crops he would have seen in passing Monsieur Arleton that the yonag man's face was ashen gray to the lips, but it never occurred to him to look at such a person. " Very strange indeed!" said the marquis, joining his friend at the window; "very remarkable. That is not a light from this room; the curtains are drawn in the salle-a mangcr, so it cannot come from there, and none of the heurooms looking out on this side are occupied. Do you care to come and see where the light comes from ?" '•Ifhould like to see very much." "Would you care to join us, Monsieur Arleton ?" ■' Thank you, yes." Theyoung man stammered oat his accept-. ance in a tone of such obvious agitation that the two friends did him the honour to look at him and devote a portion of their time to work out in their minds the conclusion that he was frightened. The idea amused thera, and mode the youth for the first time this evening rather a desirable companion. It is good to be amused. The night, as Monsieur le Comte de Bealicr had taken the trouble to announce, was an exquisite one. The atmosphere was so clear that stars and planets shone done as if the land were Southern India instead of Central France; statues and trees were outlined quite plainh' in the soft herb-scented night air: every sound near or distant could l>e heard as distinctly as one's own voice. The great lake in front of the chateau lay dark but clearly outlined under the high flushing stars; and: on its surface of ebony water, almost exactly in the middle, was one bright point of reflected light, frith a little gleaming tail attached to it, which moved and shone out and darkened again with the movement of the 'faintly-rippled water. And the front of the chateau looking over the lake was quite dark, too, save that in the topmost window of a tall tower one single light, condensed and powerful as the beam from a lighthouse lantern, shone dewn on to the water. The three men stood looking at it for a minute in silence so profound that they could hear the hoot of an owl in a distant wood and the rustling of a faint night wind in the rushes on the lake bank. Then the Marquis d' HantepnSllc murmured in si very low voice some words which sounded like " My poor Louis! My poor son !" wHis tone came near to expressing some feeling—came, in fact, so perilously near to it that he added aloud, in an airy and'1 almost apologetic **One gets quite superstitious after spend- j ing a month in. the country. Now if anything bos happened to Louis to*night, or within :i reasonable time of to-night—and he is in Central Africa, you know, where a good many things can happen to a man—what a story there will be to make of this !" "The light is a very strange one," said the Comte do Kealier, and to his.inexpressible rage be found that his voice was hnslty and shook a little. " Jt is so much more.—all, God! Who is that?" " It is only Berrrand," said the marquis, with an inflection of sarcastic laughter in his voice, as the portly form of the .steward appeared from among some trees. 44 Well. Bertrand, here's an unfortunate business. My son is, I suppose, being cooked by Maoris or eaten without any such preliminaries by tigers or snakes, or something. So/* menrieur shrugged his shoulders—44 he should have stayed at home, as I told him!" "Has monsieur any commands to give ou the subject r" inquired, the steward. " Commands, my good Bertrand?" "Would Monsieur lc Marquis wish the turret-room to bo examined?" " So that I do not have to mount the stairs to tho turret-room I am altogether indifferent whether it is examined or not," answered monsieur, with a laugh and a prolongou shrug. "I had better go" up," said the steward. "You will understand, monsieur, that it is not srhosts which I have in my mind so much as burglars. Unfortunately, however, lean not induce anyone to accompany inc. If Monsieur le Marquis would issue his com mands—" " I will come with you," said the Comte dc Kealier suddenly. He felt compelled to make the offer after that shake in the voice. " It is absurd to climb so many stairs," he added, apologetically, 44 but one may bo amused at tho top, and that is worth much." The marquis shrugged his shoulders for the third time, and then, with a sudden recollec tion of young Arleton's presence, turned towards him with a polite bow aud movement of his hand, intimating that if he chose he might have the honour of accompanying Bertrand and Monsieur de Bealier on their visit to the family ghost. Seeing this motion, the two men who had turned to depart stood still, waiting for Arleton to join them. There was g brief pause and the three persons who wero now watching Arleton could see that be was shaking like a terrified child. 4 4 If I might have the honour of staying with you. monsieur," ho stammered at last, 44 it would be an opportunity of mentioning the little matter of business." The marquis shrugged his shoulders for the fourth time, on this occasion with a disdain ful smile. The two others turned away again with a laugh and moved rapidly across the open lawn towards the house. At a call from the marquis, however, they both turned their heads again, and in the faint starlight could just see liim standing by the water side with Monsieur Arleton close to him. 44Come back to us here!" he called after them. 41 Throw the thing and its lantern out of the window if it is a man, and if it is n ghost have u chat with it and get a little in formation about Louis and the next world. Ask it, too, to come down here. I should like to sec it and cannot come,up there." Having provided themselves with revolvers and sticks aud a lantern, the steward and Monsieur de Kealier ran lightly np two flights of stairs, along a corridor, up another flight, along more passages, and so to the bottom of a narrow winding staircase which mounted to the tower rooms. Here they paused, out of breath, as they both ex plained, but there was no long delay before they began the ascent of the little staircase. Bertram with the lanurn in his belt, n stick in one hand and a pistol in the other, arrived nrsr, and pointing to a door shrank back, muttering something about " seeing that his revolver was in order." Monsieur le Comte de Realier pushed pdsr him and flung.open tho door: then he stood stifl and peered into tho room. A shape like the figure of a woman, wrapped in a long cloak, stood with its back to him; she was holding up a lantern, the light from which fell in a great white stream through the open win dow. The room was perfectly bare, without furniture or draperies of any description, aud the floor, as De Rcalier made one step forward ; ou it, gave a hollow creak. Hut the figure stood perfectly motionless, lantern in hand, i Mnnsieurde Rcalier felt his shoulder gripped from behind by Bertrand, and then the steward raised his pi>tol, so that, looking along it, Monsieur do Rcalier could sec it ]>ointing straight at the woman's head, and fired. .Scarcely knowing what he was doing, but yet with sense enough to be aware that he was taking perfectly accurate aim, the corn to raised his pistol and fired too, and the smoke of the two pistols met in a great stifling cloud which tho draught between the open door- and the window broke up into little circles and eddies and lines. The cloud grew thin; through it the men could see the woman standing there holding up her lantern; and at- the sight of her Bertrand and Monsieur 1c Corate de Rentier turned and fled with wild white faces and reckless footsteps down stairs and corridors into light. Arrived on tho landing of tho first floor, Monsieur do Rcalier stopped and curled his raoustachios and looked at Bertrand, feeling that he had made a very considerable fool of himself. Lights were burning in the passages and 011 the staircase, a bedroom door was open showiug a big wood fire blazing, and everything told of living moving humanity, of servants and guests — aud of ordinary bnrglars whom one can shoot at with the best intentions and miss, if Mousiear dc Rcalier could have now acted exactly accoiding to his inclination, ho would have gone to his room and stayed there for the night uutil he could have devised a coherent story, catching at truth in places, with which to confront his host. But this would have lefc Bertrand to go and blunder out the truth or worse than the truth about their quest. Where a lie had ro be told it was best told well. With un willing footsteps the Comte de Realicr went slowly downstairs across the great hall and out into the garden. 4 The light in the tower was gone. The front of the chateau was completely dark aud the lake was a uuiform black mass, with only its bare shape and border of, trees showing under the light of tho far-off patient stars. A solitary figure lay huddled up on the lawn by the water's edge. 'With a sudden feeling of sympathy for what he remembered of young Arlcton's terror the Comto de Reulier came up to it, aud bent down, and then started back with a cry of terror. For the prostrate fignrc was that of Mon sieur lo Marquis d'Hautepaille, who was, lying on the grass dead, with a dagger in his heart. . 1 