AMUSEMENTS. THE ATR E. ROYAL, "BOY JIM." | • Miss Maud Williamson is to be congratn-i lated on the clever and interesting play sue ] has written upon Dr. Conan Doyle s novel | "Rodney Stone." She calls it "Boy Jim." 1 It was produced at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening, and the house followed 1 the story with close attention throughout. • A little prompting was necessary in the i first jet, otherwise the members of* the company seemed well up in their parts. The intervals might, with advantage, be cur tailed. The piece was capitally staged and well dressed. Rodney Stone is quite a secondary character in the piece, the principal ones being Boy Jim and Margaret Trevellion. The story opens at -Jack Harrison's forge. Friar's Oak, where Boy Jim is found " working as a blacksmith. Me does not like the life, though,, and hungers for something higtier and tetter. He wants to get to Loudon and make a name for himself. The telling of the ghost story and tiie agitation of Margaret Trevellion, who is in hiding, and who has already shown an interest in Boy Jim, arouse the interest of the audience. Sir Charles Tregellns explains how on the fatal night 20 years ago Lord Avon's brother was found murdered in his room aftir a night of gambling. Circumstantial evidence pointed to Lord Avon as the murderer, and his disappearance increased the suspicion. Well, to get on wk-i the story, Jack Harrison, who has retired from thr fighting ring, is invited by Sir Charles Tregellis to fight one more battle for the championship, but his wife objects. However, tnr Charles prevails upon him to proceed to London and have one -more fight. Sir Lothian Hume, the villain of the piece, employs some rascals to'disable him on the eve of the fight,-and- just-as--the vrag-ers ar? about to be dfeclat-ed forfeit .Boy Jim steps into the ring and'takes "his place. After Jim succeeds in knoclcing out his opponent, Margaret Trevellion rushes into the ring and declares him her son. In the last act Lord Avon, white and worn, comes back into the world. He explains that to have cleared himself of the.crime he would hive had to denounce his brother as a swindler, •md that to save the honour of the family he had disappeared. It was he who had been the ghost of Clift'e Boyal. Lord Avon tells the company how Margaret Trevellion is his actress wife, and Boy Jim his lawful son. At the instigation of Sir Lothian Hume Lord Avon is about to be arrested, when Ambrose, Lord Avon's old valet, and a woman he lias, wronged supply undeniable evidence which fises the murder on-him, and-he is marched off to answer for the crime. Boy Jim gets the girl .he wants, and "everything ends happily. The comedy of the piece is supplied by Ben Tibbet) champion, Harrison's assistant. The prize fight was splendidly arranged, and aroused the gallery" boys to a state'of •mild excitement. Professor Douglas was the Gloucester champion, and he and Mf Woods had a real good go in. ,The exigencies of the piece demanded that the Professor should be knocked out, otherwise the result would have been different. Miss Maud Williamson, who always dresses her characters most artistically,, was well cost as Margaret Trevellion. She "played the part with a sympathy and a /]uif t 'reserved force tha* were most effective. Mr. Woods was -in earnest Boy Jim, but it is a pity he always wants to make himself look so pretty. Then he will persist in keeping his mouth open and showing his pearly white teeth. It i- this sort of thing that detracts from the character and robs it of its manliness: Mr. Woods went in for the light with a will Mr. John Hesford looked the character of Champion Harrison, and played.it well, too. Mr. Harry Beaumont is deserving of praise for his impersonation of Ambrose. He made a lot out of the character of the valet. Mr. E. 'iratton Coughlan caused much amusement as Ben Tibbet, and was a groat i fi-.»ourite with the gallery boys. Mr. A. W- Bootliman made rather a colourless Sir C harles Ttege'lis. Mr. Georee Chalmers was seen to advantage as Sii-Lothian Hume, and Been LO aavantage ou-uutuian riniiic, <luu Mr. Harry Hodson, although he had littlo to do as Lord Avon, did that little well. 