TEE GODDESS ; A DEMOS ; I OR THE MYSTERY OF THE MANSIONS 33y XZdLcXa a,rdL IRflCa vsb, Author of "In Full Cry," "The Beetle," "The Datchet Diamonds,' Etc., Etc. CHAPTER XXII.— (Continued.) When we had gone a little way from the station, Mr Bernstein, corkscrewing his way through the crowd, reached Lawrence's side. Apparently, although he had made an effort to screw his cou- rage to the sticking point, he was still not quite satisfied as to the sort of- re ception which, he might receive; he w/V/ILC if 1,14 DUvil dil (til U i. %IC|#lCbdtlUII» "Now, Ted, dear boy, don't be shirty; it's only me. Do take my advice — be careful! Don't go too far! Be reason able, and rii be the best friend you ever had, as I- always have been; only — -do puli up before it's too late!" Lawrence, standing still, addressed himself to the crowd. "Gentlemen— and ladies! — because I be lieve there are some ladies among you — — allow me to introduce to you Mr Isaac Bernstein, usurer, Jew, who makes a speciality of dealing in forged bills. He TWeps a school for forgers, where young !pqrimen\are trained in the delicate arts 6f"iitiij;4tiijg other people's signatures. He's iSefeh. the cause of many a good tniishfs being sent to gaol; where, one day, as sura as' he's alive, he'll go to join them."-- ' / : Mr Bernstein stammered and stut- iered' "Don't — don't talk to me like that! Tile — tne man s stark maa: "Not yet. Still sane enough to make the world acquainted with Isaac Bern stein, trafficker in forgeries." With his open palm he struck the Jew a resounding blow on either cheek. The people roared with laughter. I turned to the lady. "You see? I must go to him. I shall have to leave you." "We will go together." She kept close to my side as I went forward. I expected to see Lawrence re peat his assault. Bernstein stood look ing at him, motionless, gasping for breath,, as if he were on the verge of an apoplectic fit. Taking him by the shoulder, I sent him spinning off the pavement. "Leave him alone. The fellow will get his deserts elsewhere." Lawrence clapped his hands like a child. "Bravo! Twirl him round— roll him in the mud! She enjoys it; can't you hear how she's laughing?" He faised his hands in an attitude of attention. "I can hear nothing." "But I can." Miss Moore spoke from behind my shoulder. "I can hear It." "What do you mean?" "It which was present in the room; If which did it all; the sound which we heard in the Fulham road just now. ; Listen! Can't you hear it, too?" j T I m i D"li I Jmrrt t.rtnn mtr mqorinstinn 1 probably was — but, as she spoke, I cer tainly did think that I recognised, as if it issued from the lips of someone who was within reach of where we stood, -the woman's laughter which had in it so sin gular and disagreeable a quality. It had on me a most uncomfortable effect. I re turned to Lawrence, fearful lest, if I was not careful, the proceedings might take a shape in which I might relish them less even than I did at present. "Come! Let's be moving." ,t "With pleasure. Life is movement, and exercise is the thing for the liver." "What is the address of the place to which you are taking us?" He laid his finger against his nose. "That's a secret which I wouldn't divulge for worlds. There's a lady there — a goddess! And a demon! Would you have me tell all the world where she's to be found, as if she were a per son of no reputation? She's with me 'all the time; she never leaves me for a mo ment alone; and yet, all the while, she waits for me at home. -That's to have a familiar in attendance, if you please." I made no reply. That his words had meaning, and were not the mere ravings which they seemed, I did not doubt. I was asking myself what was the solution of the problem to which they pointed, and was still obliged to own that I had no notion. I h,ad also my attention partly occupied by my efforts to keep the rabble from a too close attendance on the lady, whose little hand again caressed my arm, Lawrence was swinging along at a good round pace, his hat a little at the back of his head, his eyes, lips, every muscle of his face were in constant motion. His arms were as if they had been hung on wires which continually thrust them this way and that. He was not for a moment still. If not speaking aloud, he muttered to himself. Presently be began upon a theme which I would have thanked liim to have avoided. "Sri. Ferguson, you're a humorisf -S practical and actual. I've been reading —the news— still sane enough to read the papers — how you locked the coroner in his court I'd have given one of Beriiw stein's forged bills- to have been there tfjf see, though it was on me that they; were sitting. I thought I never shoulisl have done laughing. And she— the God4 fless— she's laughing still." The lady put a question. t "What's that he's saying?" "He's telling about some nonsensj which he saw in. the papers." . 4 Lawrence interposed. i P "Nonsense he calls it! And excellent nonsense too! Hayen't you heard? Fhq no one told you? Don't you know? Chamli ing sister of my dear friend Tom, to-dajjj the coroner's been sitting on my' corpse— as I live, upon my corpse! Ferguson's been there xs a witness. They wanted bin® to say, it- seems, that you had killed rn&MI; : yes, you, with your own two small hands',. But he wouldn't. He 6aid he'd see thetij — warmer first; as warm as I am now» J can't think where, at this time of the yearj, t'ne heat can come from. I'm on fire ite- side and out. So they talked of sending l him to gaol. I "But, bless their simple souls, tlieyj j didn't know their man; how that he was a! : fellow of infinite jest For when they; talked of locking him up, he locked then up instead; marched straight out, turned! the key in the lock, with them on the otheri side of the door — coroner and jury, counsel and witnesses, audience and policemani— | the whole noble, gallant company. And sot he left them, sitting on my corpse." As might have been expected, th.fi ( rabble, which still hung round us like a) fringe, hearing what he said, caught some' thing of his meaning. They bandied ifl from mouth to mouth. "That's Ferguson, that there tall blokei. He's the cove as locked the coroner up! this afternoon, Imperial Mansions murder! ! case. Didn't you hear the other bloke a-i j .saying so? No lies! I tell you It 1st"- j While the guttersnipes wrangled, play., j ing fast and loose with my name— with | my reputation too— the lady whispered in! my ear. Despite the noise they madet 3j heard her plain. "So that's why you came to fetch me?. Now I understand; the secret's out. It's another service you have done me! Aren't J you afraid that the weight of obligation will be more than I can carry? Yet you! ! needn't feari They're . the kind of debts ; I don't at all mind owing— you, since onaf | day I hope to pay them every one." " . "You exaggerate. And Lawrence is Si J fool." . "j j "Yes. So are we all fools perhaps . that's why some of us are wise." i 1 I liked to hear her voice; to feel hefi hand upon my arm. Yet, every moment, j my concern was getting greater. The j crowd was growing, both in numbers and| | in impudence. Any second they mighti < make an ugly rush, then there would ba trouble; and that was not a scene in/ \- wnicn l snouia wisn tne iaay to piay a1 part. Lawrence was marching on as ifi he meant to march for ever. I began seriously to ask myself if he was not playi ing us still another of Ills tricks; if he wasi j not leading us he himself did not knowj where. On a suddien, he determined the i question by stopping before a building ! which, outwardly, was more like a ware'-c house than a private residence. I "At last," he cried, "we are arrived. The Goddess waits for us within." "Is this your place?" V 1 "It is— and hers. Enter omnes!" He threw open the door, as if he werd offering the whole crowd the freedom of the premises. I placed myself in front of it. \ "I'm hanged if it shall he 'enter'onmes't In you go." I thrust him in. "Now you! and I together!" The lady and I were across the thres-' hold. I was about to slam the door in the/ face of the rabble, when someone camfi hurrying through the crowd. A voice ex-? claimed: > ' "Stop that! Don't shut that doorl Let me in!" , It was Inspector Symonds; with, as it seemed, a friend or two. " i-s' CHAPTER XXIII.— IN THE PASSAGE, The inspector I dragged in by the collar) of liis coat. I slammed the door in the/' faces of his friends, keeping my foot ag-i ainst it while I shot the bolts. "This won't do! I'm not going to stand any more of your nonsense! You let my; men in!" There was a flaming gas bracket in th'd passage. By its flare I eyed the inspect tor. "You be so good as to -understand, Mr! Symonds, Yhat I'm going to have no more of your nonsense." He put his hand up to, his mouth — a whistle between, his fingers!, Gripping his wrist, I pinned him by the' throat against the wall. "If you are not' careful, you'll get hurt." He gasped out, between his clenched! teeth, "I'll make you pay for this! You let my men in!" j "I'll not let your men in, until you and I have had an explanation." j The lady interposed. "Don't hurt him!'? "I'll not hurt liim — unless he compels me. Look here, Symonds, there's been ai mystification — a hideous blunder.' "I don't want to have anything to say to you. You open that door!" ? \\. His hands returned -to his lips. Agairf I -had to pin him against the wall; this time I wrenched the whistle from beH tween his .fingers. "If you give any sort of signal, you'll Tae! sorry." . "You've broken my wrist!" "I haven't, but I will if you don't looJE out. I tell you, man, that we've been on! the wrong scent;-you and i, and all of U3t It isn't Edwin Lawrence .who's been mutt dered; he isn't even dead.'' " . - F'Tales! I tell you tales! '.Here'sMhjl- FtdnTjawrence to tell Ms own." _ Jjiawrcnce was standing a few steps' fur- Infer down the passage, an apparently in- . lierasted spectator of what bad been tak ing place. Symonds turned to him. '-'This man? "Who is this man?" \- Lawrence thrust his thumbs into his Ijvaistcoat armholes. Tm the corpse on whom the coroner's een sitting." '4 ''Don't play your mountebank tricks Cjrith me, sir." j "I'm the murdered man." 'Indeed? And, pray, what may be pour name?" , "Edwin Lawrence — at your service, en tirely to command. Though I may men tion that that's only a form of words; since, at present, I'm really, and actually, In the service ofanother— a lady. Bound to her hand and foot, by a tie there's 110 dissolving." JSymonds perceived that, in his manner 'to say the least, there was something furious. As he looked at me I endeavor ed to give hinf the assurance which I saw jthat he required. "It is Mr Edwin Lawrence, you may pafely take my word for it. The lady can confirm what I say." Which the lady did, upon the instant. The inspector was still, plainly in a state jof uncertainty; which, under the circum stances, was scarcely strange. "I don't know if this is a trick which you have got up between you, and which Cu think you can play off 011 me, but yhow, who do you say the dead man is?- Lawrence chose to take the question as addressed to him. He chuckled; there iwas something in the chuckle which sug gested. the maniac more vividly than . /anything which had gone before. . "Who's the dead man? Ah! there's the puzzle — and the joke! The dead man jmust be me.' It's in the papers i— in people's mouths — it's the "talk of the town. The police iare searching for the wretch that slew me — the coroner and his jury have (viewed -my body. It's plain the dead jman must be me. And yet, although it's ivery odd, he isn't. It's the rarest jest ifh&t; ever yet was played— and all hers." He pointed with his thumb along the pas- Sage. "It's all.,her doing, conception and (execution, bothx And how she has en- joyed it! Ever since she has done no thing else but laugh. Can't you hear her? She's laughing now!" There did seem to come, through the /door which was at the end of the pas sage, the sound of a woman's laughter. We all heard it.- The lady drew closer to me; Q gritted my teeth; the inspector, with whom, as yet, It had no uncomfortable as sociations, treated it as though it were 'nothing out of the way. "Who's it you've got in there?" ! '"A goddess! Such an one! — a pearl (of the pantheon! A demon!— out of the (very heart of hell!" He fingered his jsblrt collar, as if it were tight about his neck. "That's why she's relished her humorous conception more than I have. The qualities' which go to the complete 'enjoyment of the jokes she plays I lack. ,The laughter she compels lias character istics which I do not find altogether to iny. taste. It gets upon my brain; stea's £ny sleep; nips my heart; fills the world (with— faces; grinning faces, all of them h— like his. And so I'm resolved to tell the joke, and I promise that it shan't be tepoilt in telling." This with a smile up- ion his lips, a something elusive in his ieyes, which, to my mind, again betrayed /the lunatic. He threw out his arms, jtvith a burst of sudden wildness. "Let jthem all come, in — the whole street — the jcity-ful! So that as many as may be may be gathered together for the enjoy ment of the joke!" Symonds and I exchanged glances. I ispoke to him in an undertone. "If you take my advice,' you wiir lis ten to what he has to say. Before he's ' finished, the whole story will have come % ibut." All the time there had been knockings Sat the door. Now someone without inade himself prominent above the oth ers.. A shout came through the panels. ( "Symonds! Is that you in there? Shall we break down the door?" The voice was Hume's. I proffered a Suggestion to the inspector. "There is no reason why Dr. Hume should not come in. He will be able to jresolve your doubts as to whether or not (this is Mr Edwin Lawrence. Tour men 'I should advise you to keep outside. iThey will be close at hand if they are wanted." - He regarded me askance, evidently Still by no mean's sure as to the nature jif the part which I might be playing. ' "You are a curious person, Mr Fergu- feon. You have your own ideas of the (way in which justice is administered in England. However, you shall have your own way. Let Dr. Hume come in. My men can wait outside, till they are wanted." I unbolted the door, keeping my foot jagainst it, to guard against a sudden frush. The crowd was still in waiting. It bad evidently grown larger. As the (people saw that the door was being opened, there were cries and exclama tions. Hume was standing just outside. It seemed that it had been his intention to make a dart within; but the spectacle i>£ me in the doorway caused him to hesitate. By him were the inspector's friends. Misunderstanding the situation, they made an effort to force the door wider open. It was all I could do to bold it against them. ''Hums, you can come in. Inspector Symonds, give your men their instruc tions." E£Gray, are you there?" Y feYes, sir! Do you want us?" !s "Not just now. I may do shortly; keep where you ate, Send along for someone to keep those people moving." "Very good, sir. Are you all' right in there?" "For_the present I am. Keep a sharp look-out. If you hear me give the word, come in at once— if you have to break down. the door to do it." "Sight, sir!" I re-bolted the door, boos and groans coming from the crowd, as they per ceived themselves being shut out from the sight of anything which there might he to see. Hume had entered. He was looking about him as if the position of affairs were beyond bis comprehension. "Symonds, wbat does all this mean? Ferguson, what new madness have you been up to? Miss Moore, you here! This is no place for you!" "I think it is." "I say it's not. You ought to be in bed. Who gave you permission to leave your room?" "I gave myself permission, thank you. I am quite able to take care of myself. And, if I'm not, here's Mr Ferguson." "Mr Ferguson! Mr Ferguson stands in need of someone to take care of him." He turned to me. "If you've had a hand in bringing Miss Moore here you ought to be ashamed of yourself, if you're capable of shame, which I'm beginning to doubt. Surely your own sense of decency em bryonic though it may be, ought to have told you that it is no jjlace for her. What is this den which you have brought her to?" "Here is someone who can tell you bet ter than I. Ask him, not me." Lawrence broke into laughter. "That's it, Ferguson. Hume, ask the corpse." Hume stared at the speaker, as if lie had been a spectre; which, apparently, he was more than half disposed to be lieve that he was. "Lawrence! Edwin Lawrence! Is it a living man, some demoniacal likeness, or is it a ghost? My God! is it a ghost?" Again Lawrence laughed. He went closer to the bewildered doctor; his eyes flaming, liis manner growing wilder as he continued speaking. "A ghost, Hume, write it down a ghost! I wonder if I could cheat myself into believing I'm a ghost? Hume, you're an authority on madness. Look at me; do you think I'm mad? It's a question I've been putting to myself since — she began to be humorous. I see things — I hear things — like the men who've been thirsty. There's a face which looks into mine— a face all cut and slashed, and sliced into ribbons; and, as the blood streams down the cheek-bones, which are laid all bare, its teeth grin at me, inside the torn and broken jaws, and it says,' 'After all I've done, this is the end!" I strike at it, with both my fists, where the eyeballs ought to be, but I can't knock it away; it won't go, it keeps on being there. I can't sleep, though I'd give all the world to. I'm afraid to try, because, when I shut my eyes, I see it plainer. The blood gets on my hands; the taste gets into my mouth; the idiot words get on my brain, After all I've done, this is the end!' I can't get away from the face and the words; whatever I do, wherever I go, they're there. I seem to carry them with me. I've been drinking, but I can't drink enough to shut them out; I can't get drunk. And, Hume, do you think I'm mad? I hope I am. For while I'm being tortured she laughs; she keeps laughing all the time. It's her notion of a jest. I hope that it's but a madman's fancy, what I see and hear; and that, when I get my reason back again, they'll go — the face and the words. You're a scientific man. Tell me if I'm mad." Hume turned towards me. His coun tenance was pasty-hued.' "What devil's trick is this?" Lawrence answered, in his own fashion, as. if the question had been addressed to liim: j "That's what it is — a devil's trick! Hers! The Goddess's! She's a demon! I'll — I'll tell you how it was done. She's got me— by the throat; bought me— body and soul. But I don't care, I'll be even. She shan't do all the scoring; I will play a hand, although, directly afterwards, she drags me down to hell with her. Let her drag! I'm in hell already. It can't be worse— where .she has sprung'from." Taking Hume by the shoulder with one hand, with the other he pointed to the door which was at the end of the .'passage. He was dreadful to look at. As he him- sel said, he already looked as if he were suffering the torments of the damned. "She's in there— behind that door. But, although she is in there she's with me j here. She's always with me, wherever I jj am; she, the face, and the words. You j think I'm romancing, passing- off on you I the coinage of a madman's brain. I would , it were so. I wish that they were lies of ! my, own invention, a maniac's imagin- j: ings. Come with me; judge for yourself, j; You shall see her. I will show you how -. the devil's trick was done." j He led the way along the passage. Yv e '< followed. I know not what thoughts were in the minds of the others. I do know f that I myself had never before been so ;') conscious of a sense of discomfort. The j lady slipped her hand into mine. It was ij cold. Her fingers trembled. Even then I would have stayed her from seeing what we were to see if I could. But I could not. It was as if we were being borne onward together in a dream. All the while I had a suspicion that of us all In spector Symonds was most at his ease, while it seemed to me that Hume carried himself like a man who moved to execu tion. . (To be continued.) lie; Suppose- a rich old man on the verge of the grave were to propose to you, would you give me -the shake? ' She-: No; hut- youd have to wait a couple of years for me. 