OocuFA,Tiqn ^License. ^-The occupation Jtcense of 9, G00 acres in one lot, (ivo miles from Pambula, is gazetted. The upset license fee per section of (540 acres is £1. Appointment.— Mr. R. J, Boyd, son of Mr. Hugh Boyd, Terara, has been ap pointed engineering d.ra.ftsm.Hn. on the prof sqional relieving staff, Department of Public Works. Lease io br Cancelled. — It is pro posed tq cancel gold-mining lease of 2 acres, portion Nci. 47, held by J'. Durkin BtGnmsy Gully. Notice of cancellation ?will appear in the Guzotte on Tuesday pext. Grassy Odlmt.— Mr. W. H. 0. Lovely, who is one of the directors qf the Grassy Gully Quid-mining Company, paid a visit of inspection to the mine during this — s_k. lOoz. oro has been disoqvorod at the south end of the upper level of the »ine. ? ' Millionaire Dairy Farmers.— Some of the finest farms in the world are forked by New York millionaires. From 16 of these farms the produce annually sold amounts to £100,000. Mr. L. P. Mortem derives a yearly income qf £6000 from the Bale of farm produce, and has the finest barn in t,he wfifld. ft cost £50,000. and is lighted wjt!( electricity throughout. Each cqw is chained to her stall and a printed card aboyo gives her birth and pedigree.- A f»d ui this wealthy dairyman is only to. employ yrey horses on hU farm. Another has a dniry farm extending four jmlea, with church, school, pnst and tele graph offico in its area. The beautiful tiled dairy is 50ft squa-e, The attendants are dressed in sterilised «uits of white duck, anil one of their duties is to sponge eiioh animal several times during the day, and always comb them hefore milking. There are over GOO Jersey cows on the farm, and the owner sends about 3000 quarts of milk daily, for which he receives £14,000 per annum. The magnificent farms of Mr. Vandcrbilt's son-in-law, Mr. Twmnbly, give an annual yield of £15,000, of which £4000 Is from milk. The milk waggons cost £240 and the 300 pair of Jjoises that draw each wear gold mounted ..-.raw Mafektno.— The Rev. R. Inglis will speak at the Nowra Presbyterian Church to- morrow (riund.iy) evening on the Relief of Mafeking. Profitable Maizb.— .At the olose of the Shoalhaven Agricultural Society's moeting on Tuesday, Mr. W. H. Naakes, who lias always shown himself to he alive to all that tends to the improvement and advance of fanning pursuits, referred to. his experience with, the planting of teat samples of mai^e distributed by the Government same months ago. B[e had. trie I t-io samples of the white maize, one of which he thought was a prolific and pay able grain. The other, in his opinion, was ruth or stunted in its growth to be a good bearer. He said he would bring to the next meeting i=ome staks of each sample, showing the size of the cab qnd grain, Thb Yallah -Jho»t. — Thus the South Coast (Albion Park) ' Hei aid' :— Some contemptible skunk, .tIio richly deserves a coat of tar and feathers, has for some time past been playing the role of 'ghost' in the neighborhood of the Yallah railway station, women and child ren being usually singled out as ths victims of his cowardly but dangerous nocturnal pranks. His prooedure is to stand by the roadside enveloped in a white sheet or something of the kind, till some female bappuns tq be passing, and then to glide about, ma', ing a)l manner of grim gesticu lations, Wo learn that already several females and weak-kneed members of the Nternor sex have been terrifiod almost to death by thinfraudulent spook, who should lie effectually laid with a charge of rock salt on a substantially-material pirt of his anatomy, or a lirickbat poultice pro perly applied to his shins. Wonderful the effect of material quittances suchas these on ghosts of the highway-bauntii-g order 1 ? 