1e WIT AND HUMOR. : T Teacher: Do you know what a franchise Is? SPupil: Nt exactly; but I know it's something you &rab.; li 1 e: flow shockingly the Countess.flirts. She. She does her best, poor thing, and she's had loft Sof pracetice. lie: Darling, would you be offended If I should ask to kiss you? She (ambiguously): I feel of p fended that you should ask. "The question is, do we owewhat we are to haoredity or to environment?" "Blest if I know which is the more to blame for it" Lisa: How much have repairs cost you since 1 you've been riding a bicycle? Cecile: Repairs to nhat--myscf' or the bicycle? Cobble: You seem to feel it very much to think that she Jilted you. Stone : I do. It wrll now take me years to get out of debt. "I thought you intended raising chickens on your suburban place?" "So I did, but as it is frequently under water, I raise • ducks in stead." The Swee: Young Thing: I wonder ho wit is there is no good English equivalent for "fiance?'' The -?vage Bachelor: How about "idiot?" Lady Client: Which do you consider the most difficult problem in law with which you have had to deal? Her Solicitor: My mother-ia law. Young Mother: I can't imagine what makes th ebahy cry so. Young Father: I'll bet he heard me say f managed to get a little sleep last night. SNurse: It's time for your nourishmer" ^nw Mr Peppery.MrPeppery (who is conv: .,acent): L Hang nourishment. What I want ls something to eat. "No. Jimmy, you can't have sugar on' your bread and butter: your father says we must eco nomise now." " Well, ma, let's quit blackin' our shoes." .Mr Baggie: Confound that t ailor! These trousers are a mile too long. \Mrs ltgige: Hlow much tha:l I turn them up? Baggie: About hilt an inch. May: You didn't go to the theatre with your Cousin Tom, after all I: thought your Rfiance Itd no objection.' Mabel: Ire hadn't. That'sk why I didn't go. - Downer: T am very glad it is good form liot to wear a watch with a dress suit. Upper: Why? Downer:- Because I never have my watch and dress-suit at the same time. Fair American; Some of the women are be. coming qulte'masculine In their attire. "Yea' if it keeps up, the Prince of Wales will soon be setting the fashion of 'both sexes." "My memory is getting h?id" "Is that so?" "Yes. When a man acts friendly withbme I'm scared to death. I can't remember whether I owe him money or he owes me." "Now, honestly. Maud. didn.'t Jeck propose last evening?" "W.hy. ye-e'es. But how did you guess?" "I noticed that you didn't have that worriod look this:morning?" The Putler: Hand heavery. night at the hour of midnight the ghost happters and groans and wrings Its hands. American Tourist: Alth! must have died in the cucumber season.' "Profanity," said the lone-haired passenger,. "is so utterly useless." "Wrong.'" said the short-haired passenger, "I can make my wife hopping mad any time by swearinga little." Little Boy: Pa. who was Shylock? Pa: Great goodness. boy! You attend Church and'Sunday school every week and don't know who Shy lock was! Go and read your Bible, sir! "What are that young man's Intentions?" asked the anxious parent "'Really father." re pNied the dutiful daughter, "I cannot say.' I confess that when he calls I am often in the dark." "Hare I got the 'pleasing expresI?.' you w'ant?" asked Mr Gubblns. "Yes, sir." re plied the photograpotograher. I think that will do i very well." "Then hurry up, please. It hurts my face." She: I'll grant that you:r Income would be enough for us to marry, it only you didn't have I such expensive fads. He: I? Expensive fads? What expensive fads have' I? She: MJe, for "HLallo. Sm:th. suppose a man marries his first wife's step-sister's aunt, what relation is he too her?" '"First wifel-um-step-aunt-er- let me see, I don't know." Bright Fellow: lie's her husband. 1 Mrs Poplin: Mr Chtffon may he a wealthy I tnan, as 3vou say; but I know this much. that his wife does not have money enough to dress on. Mr Poplin: Of course not. No woman ever -id.- - - . .r Mrs Dingo You must be cnreful what you say r to the cook, dear. or she' wlll'eave. Bingo: Why c was I hard on her? Were you! Why any one it would have though you were talking to me. "I can't engage you, for my fricnd, the r councillor's wife, discha.rged you for eaves- t drojpping.'" "You can't imagine, baronaes. what I heard in thait house!" "Well, I'll give you a trial after all." h Mrs Smythe: Before we were married you used to pretend that you liked to have me sit on your lap for an entire evening. Smythe: Yes:; and you used to pretend that you prefer red to sit on a chair. Teacher: Now. Tommy, can you teIl! me what a mortgage is? Tommy: Yes'm. Lt's some- a thing .the villaln forecloseas on the heroine's father at the end of the second act, so that T he can marry her." "IIow many girls did you make love to b. force you met me?" demanded his better half, at the close of a long tirade. "Twelve." groan ed-her.husband. "But I never counted them up until it was too lute!" Wife: Do you ktiow what you remind me of? Husband: No; but I do know what you rc mind me of. Wife: What? IHusband: Of every littlee thing I forget to attend to that you ask me about. Edwin: And now. darling, before we part.. a how are we to keep our marriage a profound secret? Angelina (promptly): Nothing easier, y Edwin. dear. You have only to behave to me 3' as you hare always done, and uo one will -uspeet me. a "I hardly think." said the lawyer. "that you et can get a separation from your wife on ac- d count of her making a, prartica' of throwing v thlngs at the dog." "But." said the mran with the haggard look and black e"e. "every time she throws at tle dog she hits me!" "Wlhat's na ambush?" asked Child Dorothy. "A bush that grows hnms,"answcred Boy Tom. "Oh! now I understand what they mean when they say that British oticers grow raslher and i rasher." said Child Dorothy. "Yes, they sow the whirlwind and get captured by the Boers," was Pa's comment. A teacher of music in one of the public s schools of the south desired to impress the pu- a pils with the meaning of the signs "f" and "ff" ra in a song they were about to sing. After ex olaining that "f" meant forte. hlie said: Now. children. if "f" means forte, what does "if" nean? Silence reigned for a moment, and then ' he was astonished to hear a bright little fellow t 5hout : E:ghty! t The Modern Enochl Arden: 'Well. it is a little more than twenty years sitlce I went away, an;d now I flad that you have married and ~bur led two hltutands during my absence from home. Mrs Ardon: Thlree. not two, Enoch. Etioch Arden: Ah, well! They must have been a pretty poor lot. I notice that none of '.em nmended the garden gate that was broken when i left. Itintlet Ilircougih, the tragedian, was ex- at patiating on his career in the Shakespearian drama. "I supoetn you had a long run in every city?" suggested an admiring listener, "Aye, marry," returned Mr Itierough. "'I probably -1 had some of the longest runs in the history of 5' the stage. lut." he added with an air of con- Y scious pride, "you can bet your sPlare tin they S1 niever raught me!" It 