SPORTING c. « NOTES BY MABTIAN. THE wordy warfare as to whether the C.Q.R.A. should give up tho gliost and all the clubs affiliated with it join the Q.T.C. still continues. In another column Mr. W. F. Riley, of Longreach, contributes a very interesting letter, which sets forth the posi tion in a very lucid manner indeed from a western point of view. In the south the pro posal to dismember the centre is hailed with delight, and surprise expressed that the generous (?) offer of the Q.T.C. is not imme diately availed of. In the north considerable sympathy is expressed for the Central Associa tion. when one conies to look bach it is indeed a matter for regret that the motion brought before the Longreach Jocboy Club in 189S was not carried, and that was to leave the centre and join the north. Other clubs would have followed the lead thus given, and the probabilities are that all, the present troubles would never have arisen. The sooner it is over the better it will be for racing. DUEINO the next three months the Q.T.C. will race for £.'>550, this being an increase of £200 compared with last year. In view of this fact now can the Rockhampton Jockey Club possibly hope to compete with the premier Brisbane club Y STATISTICS relative to northern racing are always interesting. During the past season £5239 was raced for in the Towers, the Towers Jockey Club giving £3600 of this amount. The Townsville clubs gave £2099, and Huglienden £110o. Of the winning uwners Sir. Featherstone headed the list with £627, Mr. J. B. Thompson coming next with £563. Mr. M'Ewan, thanks to Ohio, was third, his share of the spoil being £505, while Mr. R. C. Ramsay was fourth with £502. No one will begrudge tho Ramsays a win, for they are the best of sportsmen, and pretty well everything they race is their own breeding. Dubinq the present season the Auckland Racing Club will give £20,000 in prize money. The added money at the Spring meeting will be worth £3520 ; at the Summer, £8075 ; at the Autumn, £4705; and at the Winter, £3700. This is an increase over the last season, the additional money being for the most part given to the classic and weight-for age races. IT is not often that the verdict in a hurdle race is "won by a nose," yet that was all by which Caiur-de-Lion secured a hurdle race at Canterbury. He, however, put up record time, cutting out the mile and three-quarters in 3mins. 17.-ccs. THE Ynnkee horse Caiman established a record in England by running a mile in lmin. 33 2-5socs., with 9-2 on his back. THE chestnut mare Stoimbird, who raced both at Barculdinc and Lougreach, thereby incurriug disqualification from the QT.C., has had the ban lifted by the Brisbane Club. THE New Zealand horse Multiform, who was a failure in England, has been brought back to his native heath, and Screw Oun has been sent back in his place. THE lottery of horse-racing! Reliance was sold out of the late W. R, Wilson's stable I as a proved failure and unsound into the bargain. Yet for P. Bolger, his new owner, he has accounted for six races, including the Coolgardie Cup, of fflOO, and Boulder Cup, i of £750. In the latt mentioned event he carried '.'-11 to victory. THE Victorian liandtcapper evidently has a high opinion of old Surprise. He has given him 'Jst. Tibs, in the Williamstown Cup, this being the top weight, and 9st. IQlbs. in the Welter. Peter Canierou should feol very flattered to think that he owns such a good horse. Tuf. A.J.C. meeting is a thing of tlie past, and BOW attention can be exclusively given to the two Cup*. Though the ring men re ceived a big shock through Ampier winning the Epsom, they must have done well by Reviver's win in the Met.rop. Malstor did them a good turn in the Derby. With this colt out of the way Hautboy had no difficulty in winning the New and Duff Memorial Stakes. Paul Pry raked in Rome shekels for the "petulant" baronet, Sir Rupert Clarke. THE Executive have granted the Barcal dine Club permission to race on November 8th and !)th. The programme will be fouud in another column, and is, considering the times, a good one. There are ten events in all, the added money cnmiiifr to £135. Tha November and Birthday Handicaps are worth £20 each, aud there are three others of the value of CIS earli. Horses must be delivered to the secretary on Wednesday, October 10th, at noon. They will be returned on the :il«t, which is the day of nomination. Weights will be declared on November lird. In rep'y to Mr. W. F. Kiley's letter on the proposal of the Central racing clubs to re-enter the fold of the Q. T. C.. Mr. Daw barn, in the Bulletin, writes one of his characteristically abusive epistles, brimming over with hatred and malicc and all unuhari tableness. Whether the Rockliampton Club joins the Q. T. C. or not it will not make a pennyworth of difference in the number of horses that come from Brisbmie to race at Rockhnmpton for the tinpot prizes the club now offers. If the Club raises the value of the stakes it will be in as sorry a plight as before, because it is not the number of horses nominated which pay* for the programme. The principnl revenue is from the subscrip tions of members, the privileges, totalizator, and gate money. When the programme is, as at present, about £63, the nomination of a dozen horses paying entrance fees of .> per c»nt will, with tho gate money, produce a surplus. But if it is the intention of the Club to offer a programme of £050 the committee will soon discover that a dozen horses will not pay the expenses of the Club but will leave a deficit. It is the crowd which pays, and a large crowd means a large percentage from the tote. Mr, Dawbarn, as an expert in calculations, might figure this out, and by a little sum in proportion show how the R. J. C. will come out right end up at the finish, IT if a gooi thirg to be a professional cricketer in England. Mold, the Lancashire man, itceived £2600 as a result of the match between his county and Yorkshire, which was for his tenefit. Mold, it will be remembered, was this season no-balled by Jim Phillips. He once took nine wickets for 40 tons against an Australian Eleven in England. 1st the Euglish Derby of 1902 there are fire Carbine oolts and three Trenton colts and a filly nominated. It is to be hoped that a oouple start in this event. THE summer in England this year has been an abnormally dry one, and the crack bats men have had a glorious time at the expense of the bowlers. When the last mail came with the complete averages Ruuji was easily ahead, with 85 rune per innings. There were four others in the sixties. Rhodes had been the most successful bowler, his 155 wickets having cost 12 runs each Albert Trott had then taken 113, but he must have come with a rattle, as the other day the cable informed us he had secured 200 wickets and made 1000 runs, thiB being the second year he has accomplished this feat. Gilbert Jessop had been doing some brilliant hitting. Against Yorkshire he made 104 in sixty-five minutes in the first innings, and in the second he put up 135 in an hour and a-half, fully ten minutes being: loet going for the balls he had hit so far. He is undoubtedly the finest hitter in England. 