A Kingly Priesthood. Sebmox uy Late Rev. C. H. Si'mtanox. "And Imst u.ide us unto our God kings and priests ; and wo shall reign oil the earth." — Revelation v. 10. TtERE ia a potency in harmony; there is a magic power in melody, which, either melts the soul to pity or lifts it up to joys unspeakable. I do not know how it may be with some minds; they pos sibly may resist the in fluence of singing ; but I cannot. Whon the saints of God, in full chorus, " chaunt tho solemn lay," and when I hear sweet syllaoies full from their " lips, keeping measure and time, then I fed elevated, and, forgetting for a time overy- thing terrestrial, I sqar aloft towards hea ven. - If such be the sweetness of the , music of the saints below, where there is . much of discord und sin to mar tho har- mony, how sweet must it be to sing above, with cherubim and sey:iphim. 1\. Our friend John, the highly favoured npostlo of the' Apocalypse, has given us just ono note from heaven's song ; we shall strike that note, and sound it again and again. Eirst, we have the Redeemer's doings. They who stand before the throne sing of the Lamb — the Lion of the tribe " of Judah, who took tho book and broke thu seals thereof—" Thou hast made us kings and priests unto our God." They never sing praise to thenielves ; not tlieir own strength ; but they ascribe their salvation, from beginning to end, to God. Ask them how they wero saved, and they reply, " The Lamb hath made us what' we are." Ask them whence their glories came, and they toll you, "They wero be queathed to us by the dying Lamb." Ask whence tliey obtained tho gold of their harps, and they say, " It was dug in mines of agony and bitterness by Jesus." Inquire who strung their liarps, and' they will tell you that Jesus took cacli sinew of His body to mako them. Ask tlieni where they washed their robes and made them white, and they will say, — " In yonder ' fountain filled with blood, Brawn from Imninnuel's veins.' " Our Lord made us kings and priests, virtu ally, when Ho signed the covenant of grace. Far, far back in eternity, the Magna Churta of the saints was written by tho hand of God, and it needed one signature to mako it valid. There was a stipulation in thnt covenant that the Mediator should become ir. aiyiate, should live a suffering life, and at last endure a death of ignominy; and it needed uiit the signature of the Son of God to make that covenant valid, eternal, and " ordered in all things and sure." Me- thinks I sec I-im now, us my imagination pictures tlm lofty Son of God grasping the pen. See how His fingers write tho name ; and there it stands in everlasting letters, " The Son" ! Oh, sacred ratification of the treaty! it is stumped and sealed with the great seal of our Father in heaven. Oh, glorious covennnt, then for ever marie secure! At the moment of tho signature of this wondrous d"- imopt, the spirits be fore the throne — I menn the angels — might liavo taken up the song, nnd said of the whole body of the elect, "And hast made yon kings nnd priests unto our God" ; and could all tlie chosen company hiivo started into existence, they could litive clapped their hands nnd sung, "Hero we are by that very signature constituted kings and priests unto our God." But He did not stop there. It was not simply agreeing to the terms of tho treaty; but in due time Ho fulfilled it all — to its utmost jot nnd tittle. Jesus said, "I will take the cup of salvation" ; and Ho did take it — the cup of our deliverance. . Bitter were its drops ; gall lay in its depths ; there wero groans, and sighs, nnd tears within the red mixture; but- He took it nil, and drank it to its dregs, and swal lowed all the awful draught. All was gone. He drunk the cup of salvation, nnd He ate the bread of aluiclion. Bee Him as ho drinks tlie cup in Gethsemane, when the fluid of that eup did mingle witli His blood and made each drop a scalding poison. Mark how tho hot- feet of pain did travel down Ilisveins. See liow ench nerve is twisted und contorted with. His agony. Behold His liroiv covered with sweat; witness the agonies as they fol low each other into tlie yery depths of J to. soul. Speak, ye lost, and tell what hell's torment means; but ye cannot tell what the torments of Gethsemane were. Oh, the deep unutterable when our Redeemer bowed His head, when He placcdNHimself betwixt the upper and nether np'.lstones of His Father's vepgeance, and when His .whole soul was ground to powder. Ah! "that wrestling Mnn-God — that suffering Man of Gethsemiuic ! Weep o'er Him, saints — weep o'er Hinv; when ye see Him rising from that prayer in tlie garden, marching forth to His cross; when ye picture Him hanging on His cross four' long hours in tlie scorching sun, overwhelmed by His Father's passing wrath — when ye see His side streaming with gore— when ye hear His death-sliriek, "It is finished," and see His lips all pnrohed, nnd moistened by nothing save tho vinegar'and the gall,— ah! then prostrate yourselves before that cross, bow down before that Sufferer, and suy, "Thou hast made us — Thou hast mado us what we are; we are nothing without Thee." The cross of Jesus is the four lntion of he glory of the saints ; Calvary is the birth place of heaven ; heaven was born in lieth- lehem's munger; had it not been for the sufferings and agonies of Golgotha we should . have had no blcssiug. O saint I iii every mercy see the Saviour's blood. Look on this Book — it is sprinkled with His blood ; look on this house of pmyer — it is sanctified by His sufferings ; look on your daily food — it is purchased with His groans. Let every mercy come to you as a blood- bought' treasure ; value it because it comes from Him. Beloved,, our Saviour Jesus Christ finished the great work of "making us what we are, by His ascension into heaven. If Ho had not risen up on high and led capfivjty captive, His death would liavo been insufficient. He "died for our sins," but He "rose again for our justifica tion." Thu resurrection of our Saviour in His majesty, when He burst, the bonds of death, was to us the ns.sura.nce that God had accepted His sacrifice; and His as cension up on high was but as a type and figure of the renT and actual ascension of all His saints, when He shall come in tlie clouds of judgment, and shall call all His lieople to Him. Murk (lie Man-God as He goes upwards inwards heaven ; belinjd His triumphal inarch through the skies, whilst stars sing His praises, and planets dance in solemn order; behold a-ni traverse I Ir unknown fields of ether till He arrives lit tho" throne nf God in the seventh heaven. Then hear Him say to His Fntlior, "I have finished tlie work which Thou gnvest Me to do; behold Me and the children which Thou hast given Me ; I have fought a good fight, I have finished My course; I have done aii ; I have accomplished every type ; I have finished every part of the covenant ; there is not one iota I have left unfulfilled or one tit'l that is left, nut; all is done." And hark, how they sing' before the i throne of God when thus He speaks: " 'Thou hast made us unto our God kings and priests: and we shall reign on the earth." 2\. Now. secondly, the Snint's honours: "And hast made us unto our God kings and priests." The must lr .tirnblo nf all monarelis have over been esteemed to be those who hnd a right not only to royal but to sacerdotal supremacy — thope kings who could wear at one time the crown of royalty, and at another the mitre of tlie priesthood, who could both use ilje censer and hold tlie sceptre— who could offer inter- cession for the people, and tbeu govern the nations. Those who are kings and priests are great iudeed ; and here yon behold the saint honoured, not with one title, pr one office, but with two. He is made not a king merely £ hut a king und a priest; not a priest merely, but' a priest and a king. The saint lias two offices conferred upon him at once, he is made a priestly .monarch and a regal priest. I shall lake, first of all, the royal nilico of tho saints. They are ICiiigs. They are not merely to be kings in heaven, hut they, are also kings on earth ; for if my text does not say so, thp Bible declares it in another passage, "Ye are a_ chosen generation, a, royal priest hood." . IV e are kings even now. Every saint of the living God not merely lias thp pyospeet of eing a king in heaven, but positively, in tlie sight of God, he is a fcjng now; and he must say with regard to his brethren and himself, "And hast imtrin us," even now, " unto our God kings anil priests; and we ahull reign upon thp earth." We are priests, because priests are Divinely chosen persona, nnd so are we. "No man tuketh this honour unto him- sulf, hut he_ tlmt is called of God, as wup Aaron." We are priests because we enjoy Divine honours. None but a priest might enter within the vail ; there was a court of the priests into which none might ever go, except t)ie called ones. Priests had certain rights nnd privileges which others had not. Saint of Jesus 1 heir of heaven ! tlinu bust high and honourable privileges which the world wots not of! Hast thou over been wit-in tho vail in communion with Christ? - TTusI thou ever been in the court of tlie Lord's house, the court of the priests, where He has taught thee: and manifested Himself to tlice? Hast thou? Yes, thou knowest thou hast; thou en- joyest constant access to God's throne; thou hast a right to come and tell thy grtofs and sorrows into the ear of Jehovah, Tlie poor worldling must not come there ; tha poor child of wrath has no God to tell his trouules to. He must not go withiq t.. j vail ; lie lias no wish to go ; but thou mayest; thou mayest come to God's ear, swing the censer before the throne, and offer thy petition in - tho name of Jesus. 'Thou art Divinely honoured and Divinely blessed. Then we have a Divine service to perform ; and as I want yon all to turn this building into one great altar — to make y'4 «ll working priests, and this the temple for sanrific — -look i .»etly at your ser vice. You are all priests, because you Jove His dear name and liavo a great sacrifice to perform; not a propitiation for your sins, for that 1ms. been onco offered, but a' sacrifice this day of holy- thanksgiving. Cn i how sweet in God's ear is tlie prayer Pf His people! That is the sncrifica (hat He accepts; and when their holy hymn qwe"s upwin-'- towards the "ley, how pleaBant it is in His ears ; because then He can say, '!My host of priests are Buorificing praise." 3\. Now, I have to clpse up with -the world's, future, "We shall reign on the earth." I believe uU'the Bible says pf a glorious fiit'nre, and this I gather as appsi- tivo faot, that the saints will one day reign on tlie earth. Now, the saints do not reign visibly; they are despised. They wera drivenr in old times, into dens and oaveq of the earth ; but the lime is coqiing when kings will be saints,' and princes the called ones of God— when queens shall he thq nursing mothers, and kings the nursing fathers, of Christ's Churoli, Thp jipur is cqming when the saint, instead of being dishonoured, shall be honoured; and mon- archs, once the foes of truth, shall become its friends. The saints shall reign. They shall havo tho majority; tho kingdom of Ohrist shall have the upper hand; it shall not be past down — this shall qpt bp Satan's World any longer — it shall again sing with # alfir eturs, tho never-ceasing song of praise. Oh ! I believe there is a day coming when Sabbath bells shall sprinkle musie over the plains of Africa— when tlie (Jeep thick jungle of India Bhall see thq saint" of Gqd going up to the sanctuary; and I am assured that tho teeming muftis tudes of China shall gather togethor in temples built for prayer, and, as you and I have done, shall sing tQ the ever glorious Jehovah, "Praise God from whop) all hlessjpgs flow." "Yon Tgx Blood is the' Lite —Clarke's World-famed Blood Mixture is warranted to oleonso tho blood from all impurities from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, fionrvy, Eagepia, Bud Legs, Sldn and Blqad Djseaeop, Pimples, and Sores of ul) kinds, its effcotsare marvellous. Thousands of wonderful cures have beeneffeoted by it. Sold everywhere at 2s. 9d. Beware of worthless imitatieu, "The Master Christian." , .Noiy Bpqk. . D To fill those pliuroliEB who qunrrol in tho qaqie of Christ" iq tha 'uncom promising dethcution of Miss Marin Corelh'q now romaneo, "Tho Muster Ctiristifin '- (.suys tho JJiiily Mail). The story hpgins'at Rouen. 'Cni'diqnl Felix Boupro is a high-minded Christian prelate, the ono good priost of thp book. Ho is stuying ufc llouoh in n poor inn, being too pitnplo to upeppttho hospitality of '.tho archbishop at his ecclesiastical ptiluep. . Y ' " ( The divine is condemned to <Iip in all palaces,' ho would pay, ' It is only in the glorious world of nature , . ."that tlm good iaus cauliyo. . , , . The Savjour always taught Mis followers in tho. open air.' " ; . Though this ispretty it is hardly thp exact truth. : At Kouun tho good cardinal picks up a poor homeless ' boy. Horo is Miss Corelli's description of him : \ "What q "gad fpco ho hiul !— worn . and w.pary, yofrbetnjtiful | — what eyes, heavy with the dows of sorrow, yot tpndor even iu pain !" This boy is tho Christ himself. By His aid the good cardinal euros a littlo lamo boy of his infirmity, nnd tarns tho rebellious son of the inkeeper into an industrious, and ohpdient. youth: Ix IVicKtai l?.titis. At Boiicd, Miss Cqrolli commences hop tirade against tho church iu her drawing of tho worldly nrchbislipp ; hut it is later, at Favis and llorpc, that she develops 'her attack, Paris, where the cardinal first proceeds,, is indeed a nest of wickedness. " A® godless, qs hollow to tho very coro Of rottenness ns her sister of. npeicrit days, wnutoii ' Lutotia ' shines — with a ghnstjy and' uupatural lustro as of phosphorescent luminance arising from old graves !" ' The granunnr is obscure, hut tho denunciation at least is robust. Hero the . oardipnl stays with his niece, Angela Sovrani, ono of those wonderful women geniuses beloved by Miss Cprelli. Angola is n painter, also "a rare typo of hpr sex— unlike any other woman iu tho world." " Her oyos wove violet-gray '\n hue, and di'owsyrlidded, with long lushes that swopt the delicate pale cheeks in a dnrk golden fringo of shadow. . . . Her face, form, voice, and colouriug were like a chord of musie — har monious," After this wo avc not. surprised : to hear that she has tho genius of "u Murillo or a Raphael," and that slio loves , a i'pitow-nrtist who was quite unworthy of her. Floriau, that is liis name, writes hor versos, ''for most Italians' write verso as easily as , they eat macaroni." At Angela's liousc wo meet a good English sooialist, a wicked marquis, and a still wickcdor' priost. The priest, the Abbe Yergniaudj has ap illegitimate sou. Nearly all the priests in this hook lmvo. This sou lias yowod to shoot his father to avenge his mother's shaiuo. The ubbc, under tho influence of Cardinal Bonpre, repents his sins, and makes a public confession, at the con clusion of whioh his son shopts him, not,' howeyer, fatally, apd father and son become reconciled. Miss ConnuLLt's Titicat. Phiest. Angela is at work on four - pictures. One she keeps a profound secret, but the others she shows her uncle. Tho first is called " A Servant of Christ." Here is the description : — "Low beetling brows — a sensual, cruel mouth, with a loosely, projecting under lip — eyes thnt appeared to bo furtively watching each other across the thin bridgo of nose — a receding chin aud a narrow crauium, combined with an expression which was hypocritically humble, yet sly . . . . a typo mercilessly true to the life ; tile face of a pyicst," There is a groat deal of " smart" conversation iu Angela's studio. -Thp characters for tho main part speak English, though there are many French expressions, such us " Tais-toi," "tres- saint," " hien aimo," and so on, inter larded hore and there. The scono changes to Home. Here wo meet Angela's lover and more wicked priests. Florjan lias a poor opinion of women's work. Ho says to ono of tho ladies : " Your charming sex often succeeds in doiug ,vory> clever and pretty things, hut m a -man they would not be con sidered surprising. You fairy oroatures are not made , for fame— but for love." Cardinal Boupro is haled before the Popo to explaiu why ho lias hehavod liko a Christian. Ho is .accompanied by the Christ' boy Manuel, and the .Popo is nttended by two of his coun cillors— Morutti aud Ghernrdi. The character of tho first of those may he . gathered from the following : — "Hato is a grand, a strong. quality.! It makes natujns— vlt builds up orpeds. If man Jovcd one . another what should they need of a ohuFoh ? . . From hato and envy sprmff emulation and conquest — and wo of the churcl) en courage tho haters to hato on." After uttonng> this spntinjont, "be stood onrapt, bis hand upraised; his eyes flashing." Compared to Sforptti, GhprnrdiJsn. poor sort of rogue, merely unscrupulous and unclean. ' Tub Ciuiist and tub Pori;. / Bonpre and Mniiuol are usheped intp tho presenco of tho - Pope, who, in appearaneo, Miss Corelli says " sug gested with dreadful .exnotinde a corpse in burial clothes:"'' So . palo and thin is ho that ho " might have pose4 tis the frail ghost of a dead faith,"' ns ho sat on tho thrpne, "liko. n shrunken white munimy set in. a gilded sarcophagus." Tho cardinal stiys.nothing to tho holy .father's charges, but tho' boy Manuel pours out a ' flood of argument and inyoctivo. Tho beautiful hoy ptood on tho first stop of the throne, "like an angel suddenly descended at tho portal of the mammy's tomb," and as 'he listens "the J'opo'B figure seems to grow moro and more attenuated.'' This is tho oud of the 6eeDe " 'I speak.es Ono having .authority, anil not as the scribes, ' said Maune), with a swift, flashing glance, which like a-shaft pf lightning seenied to pierce through flesh and bono; for, as he met that radiant and commanding-look, the jowol-liko eyes of the Pope lost their lustre, and becuino fixed and glassv, nnd like a dead body which , had only been kept in placp by soino secret mechanical action, ho fell back in bi.s chair sonseless, his limbs stretching themselves put with a convulsive shudder into stark immovability." Manuel aud the cardinal leave tho Vatican, and, feeling it no longer safe to remain in Home, depart for London with tho help of the English socialist wo have mentioned before. ' A Sooialist 1I>;bo, This man, Atidrby Leigh, is n re markable persou. It is a little difficult to discover exactly what ho is, but his power will he authored from tho fol- lowing conversation. Ono of the Papal authorities says : — ' "Our prayers for the conversion of England will yet be granted." ' "Not whilo' I live," said Audrey firmly. Audrey is "a failure in 'tip-top circles,' " because he neither bets nor swears nor . carries oil intrigues. In spito of the whole of the eardinals, however, lie falls iu love with a beauti ful Hungarian, and marries her before 0,000 people in the East End of London at a service inveuted by" himself. Mo,anwhilo Angela has finished her great picture. It is of immense size and of that allegorical nature beloved by the Kaiser. She shows it to bor lover, and lie, jealous of her fume, stabs her, with tho idea of afterwards passing tho picture off us his own. Naturally so foolish a person gets his deserts- Angela recovers, and is learn ing, at the oud of tho book, to love another, while her would-be murderer is burnt to death in a Trappist monastery. : ' ' The good- cardiual dies in London, and tho Christ boy returns from whence He came. Though incidentally Miss Corelliti|ts at vivisection aud the anti-Droyi'usurds, and frequently spooks ill pf dignitaries, the hook is substantially a Protestant fulminntion. Hero is her opinion of the church : — "The church, instead of being n brotherhood, uriitod iu tho divino sor- vico of Christ, is a mere socular system of avarice and tyranny." As au appendix Miss Corelli prints sonio " Holies of Paganism in Christianity as Approved by English Bishops," Tito Archbishops of Canter bury and York, and tho Bishops of London, Bristol, Chester, Chichester, Liucolu, Oxford, nnd St. Albans aro quotod. The. practices thoy are said to approve are tho use of inoeuse, the con fessional, and hymns to the Virgin. It is a strenuous — a very strenuous — hook, and should please Mr. Kensit greatly. It consists of fi!54 pagos, and tho publishers have issued a first edition of unprecedented size — more than 100,000 copies, it is stated. "Fob xhk Blood is xbe Livb." — If the bloqd is lndori with impurities it spreads dissaso as it oiroulatcs through tha organs of the human body — Lungs, Heart, Stomaoli, Kidneys, Brain. Olarko's World- famed Blood Mixture is warranted to olennse the blood from all impurities from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczemn, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds its offeots are marvellous'.- Thousands of wonderful euros havo been pffeotod by it. Sold every where at 3s. 9d. Beware of worthless nutations aud substitutes, 