THE SERMON. THE MORE COMPLETE ATONEMENT. BY THE KEV. DE. BEVAN. Hebrews x. 26.-"There remainetb no more a sacrifioe for sins." The essence of religion, as we have seen, is to be found in that kinship which exists between ourselves and the Spirit. Whom we find in the universe around us. The original rites of all religions give evidence that in the earliest condition man per ceived this kinship, and by acts of worship set it forth. The true source of sacrifice is thus in the commensal meal, which indi cated not merely the kinship of the tribe or the family, but also the association by relationship of the Deity, who was sup posed, in some mysterious way, to partake in the communion of blood, which indi cated the relationship. The modern his tory of man, however, shows the fact and the consciousness of it, that this relation ship between God and man has been dis turbed, broken, and needs restoration. THE DIVINE KINSHIP RECOGNISED AND RE . SOUGHT. Just as the history of man's relation to man is an endeavour to bring about an unbroken peace, so the history of religion is an endeavour, not only to express the kinship which subsists between God and man, but to restore it where it has been lost; in a word, to find reconciliation, the restoration of man unto that relation ship of harmony and peace which sin has disturbed. To trace the progress of this thought and all which /it has involved in the development of religion, would be far beyond our present power, but the Scrip ture furnishes us with a very clear pre sentation of the truth. Whatever may be our view of the Biblical narrative, whether it is to be regarded as a narrative of what really took place, or whether it be the form into which the human apprehension of the truth has been cast, matters very little in respect of the ultimate significance of religious teaching and rite. It is, indeed, the endeavour to set forth man's relation ship to God and the recovery of its normal condition; that is, the redemption and salvation of mankind. THE BIBLE STOUT OP RESTORATION. What, then, we may ask, in brief, is the progress of the Scriptural teaching in re spect to this restoration? We are taught that originally man was created in the Divine image, that his life was the result not merely of an act of creation, but a veritable transmission of the essence of the Divine existence to man himself. "God breathed into man the breath of life, and man' became a living soul." The narra tive of creation thus briefly told passes, at the next step, into the narrative of the fall-that fall, which through sin, in volved the alienation of man from God, the separation of the human child from the Divine Father. The Scripture sets this forth in the form of man's first disobedi ence and the-expulsion from the garden. That man would seek to recover his lost position is clear from the protection that is set up in the person of the Angel for the Tree of Life. A flaming sword bars man's return. What was once a free ac cess to the presence of God has now be come impossible, and some method, there fore, must be discovered whereby that unity might be restored, and man might again find his blessedness in his companion ship, his fellowship with God. WORSHIP MORE THAN ATONEMENT-IT EXPRESSED COMMUNION. We cannot conceive that acta of religious worship would only possess the character of means of restoration. Man must, in his original condition, have had some form by which he held communion and fellow ship with God. He would remember these acts, these forms of worship, and, although he .wight add to the original expression of union in his unfallen condition that which would be a mode of reconciliation, we can not suppose that he would lose altogether that which expressed the absolute unity itself. To find, therefore, in the earliest sacrifices only a mode of reconciliation is to import into the story of the offerings of Abel and Cain what does not seem to be implied in the narrative. We cannot sup pose that the mere external form of the sacrifice was the ground of the acceptance of the one and the rejection of the other. The only reason why an act of worship could be refused by God would be from the spirit in which the offering was made, and I should be inclined to think from the con trast between the offering of the fruit of the ground and the offering of the firstling of the flock, that the acceptance of the one and the refusal of the other depended not upon the absence of the means of recon ciliation, but upon the absence from Cain's sacrifice of that sense of unity between man and God which was the original and nonnal essence of all religion. Reconcilia tion cannot be secured by the mere sacrifice of blood. It is the bloody offering which is the indication of the unity that iB ex pressed by the communion meal, of which both man and God is supposed to partake. However this may be, we are quite certain that man wa6 set upon the discovery of a mode -whereby he might return a^ain to the perfect peace and unity which he ought to enjoy in relation to God, as God's faithful servant and HiB loving child. In the brief records which follow we find very little reference to man's religious life, except the brief statement of Enoch walk ing with God, where once more the rela tionship of unity and Mlowship seems to be suggested by the brief though pregnant ?phrase. The. rites of sacrifice slowly de velop. We see the offering of Noah, and the simple ceremonies which accompany the patriarchal faith, out it is not until the time of the exodus and the passage of the ?people from Egypt to Uanaan that the full ritual at)d sacrificial service is developed. That these are part of the process of re conciling God and man» ana the bring ing about of the union which sin has de stroyed, no one . can doubt, and, even though the completed service of Judaism shonfd be regarded as the result of a lengthened development of sacerdotalism eiiSnfefc th6.^1^, and ^ >ot M re ferred, in all its completed and Intricate perfection, to the Mosaic age, it will bnly the more serve to illustrate the' necessity which mnn feds *©f discovering the way badi to God, the satisfying 6f his con science, and the quieting *mce again of his *eairtjT MAN DOES NOT FIND COMPLETE .. - ? ? .; ..?cSMisFAcfrjoE./^:/ ? But alongside of aU \^i§ meot, with its varied protases fqr t]he se curing of acceptance and pjiMMv We 'hftts sage of the prophet is that God Himself j wearies of tneee externalities of religion,! In the powerful language of the prophet,1 "GOD IS FULL OF OFFERINGS AND BURNT SACRIFICES." He turns from them with loathing and disgust. These do not bring Him and the people into harmonious and blessed peace. And then as the Supreme finds no satisfaction in these offerings, so the human soul knows them to be futile for the re covery of that which it has lost through its sin, and for the restoration of the pre sence and the peace of God. "The sacrifice of God," says the broken-hearted sinner, "is a contrite heart," It is this that God will not despiee. God has no pleasure in burnt offering; God delights not in sacri fice. It is the penitent that He will accept; it is to the repentant and the trustful one that He will give His mercy and Hifi grace, and when these have been secured^ then the sacrifice will be offered, then it is that God will delight in burnt offering, then it is that man, too, shall find pleasure in the offering of the altar. MAN DISSATISFIED WITH EVEN A DIVINELY APPOINTED RITUAL. Thus we see that the Bible has traced for us the course of human thought and ex perience wherein the developments of re XigiouB rite and ceremony do not seem very satisfactorily to meet the human need. The course of thought, the progress of re ligion has resulted in a magnificent ritual, in a sacerdotal ceremonial which covers the whole life, which meets every condition, which takes a man from the cradle to the grave, and apparently has been developed because of its usefulness in the reconcilia tion of God and man; and yet all this vast preparation is a vain thing. Man still finds no content. The cry j;et remains, "How shall man be at rest with God?" .and the darkened and disappointed soul cries in its despair, "When snail I come and appear before God? My God, my God; why hast Thou forsaken me?" rnn 1ST FURNISHES THE ONLY SATISFACTION. It is this need of man for reconciliation which Jesus Christ supplies, and nowhere else can there be found the power whereby God .and man can be brought together and bound in a unity which nothing can break. It is quite clear that any redemptive pro cess, any method of recovery of man s lost estate, must secure two things if it is to J be a satisfactory and complete salvation.: It must, in tue first place, restore what has been lost or destroyed by sin, and it must render assured and stable the condition of redemption or restoration which is secured. What then, we ask, has been lost by sin! j and we answer, in the first place, the honour and glory of God. But these have been restored by Jesus Christ. Whatever view we majf take of God, whether we re-] gard Him as the creator or the ruler of men, sin, wheresoever it is found, detracts j from the perfection both of creation as a fact and the rule of the universe as a moral condition. Sin lessen© -the perfect-: ness of the Divine work. It is so utterly contrary to the Divine nature thai ycv .it to have found its way into the working o God is to make that work imperfect, and as such to indicate a failure on the part of the Creator. It is not merely that the universe ceases to come up to the Divine ideal, but it does not come up even to the human ideal; for it is possible for us to conceive of a better world than the world which ' "r.ally, sn pears, for we may think of a world whicu has no sin, whereas the world itself is a world wherein sin exists. CHRIST GIVES THE HIGHEST IDEAL. Hence it is that Jesus Christ pre sents, in the first place, the highest ideal that is possible, for He Him self is not only without sin, but He is without sin in a sinful world. Born, in the world and of the world. He has yet been able to escape the evil that- belongs to the race of which He is a part. He thus is the head of a new creation that is more than an innocent creation, that transcends alto gether what would have been found had our first parent never sinned. He, therefore, more than reinstates God's lost honour and glory. His redemption thus secures, in the: first place, the honour of the Eternal. .. CHRIST RESTORES THE MORAL SANCTIONS. But sin has not only dishonoured the Creation, sin has also lessened the moral force of God's law- ye are set in a world of which God is the moral governor. The sanctions of government are necessary for the pre servation of righteousness, but sin lias broken these sanctions, sin has destroyed the Divine authority, sin has introduced disorder and confusion where there ought to have been order and obedience. The authority of government may be conserved in "two ways.- In the punishment of those who transgress, or by such a method as there shall be the honouring of law and, at the same time, a securing of a more com plete obedience on the part of those who even may have transgressed. Transgression cannot be passed by, even though the trans gressor may be sorry for his fault, and may leave it. Law must always uphold itself, and, indeed, the penalties of law must be recognised. This is supplied to God s go vernment by Jesus Christ, for, in the first place, by His identification of Himself with those' wno have sinned He has suffered on account of sin. He thus presents to the subjects of God's sovereign rule a more awful sanction of righteousness, a more awful vindication of majesty than even could be secured by the punishment of the wrongdoer: for by the suffering of Christ j the exceeding sinfulness of sin is set forth; as it never could be set forth by mere punishment. The Cross of Christ, there fore, becomes a more powerful vindication of righteousness and condemnation of sin than even the suffering of those who have transgressed, and when we add to this fact the association of Our Lord with those who have sinned, and the infliction of suffering upon Him as the result of human sin. He becomes altogether the most powerful force for the inspiration of a better life, and as a guard ana defence against future sin we see how enormously powerful the sacrifice of Christ ie made to be, not , merely for the vindication of Divine righteousness, but for the establishment and security of human; virtue .and continuance therein. CUBIST THUS THE GREAT RECONCILER. It is impossible to find a mightier force for the reconciliation of man ana God than that which is supplied by JeBus Christ. It must be remembered ever that Christ isj God's instirnmeAt. fie has been provided,; found, sent jby God Himself. He is the! expression *f the Di?ine lovfe which, al-| though it nas been outraged and hindered, iand, indeed, altogether checked, still burns! and pours itself forth towards the sinner who lias so outraged it. The Gospel is] summed up in |he apcatoliq wojntL S*od, was in Ghrijst reconciling the *yo*ld TTjfnHaf.vijkQt imputing unto them -thwr tr^^wMol^.** - ' Thfete ir no fdrcie, there fore, that even can be compared to the force of Christ for the restoration of j>eace salvation to our hearts. How faint and im perfect were tbe manifestations of mercy .vouchsafed to tbe saints of olden time, and yet how closely did they cling to' God, bow strong was their faith, how full was tbeir acceptance of the Divine mercy and grace. What should ours be when we stand before the Cross of Christ, and remember all that He endured, and all that He secured^ for us! How can we resist the offers of His mercy? How can we reject the salvation whicn He has gained? We sometimes shrink from the terrible words which the writers of the New Tes tament have used, and especially the author of this Epistle to tbe liebrews, when he says:-"If the words spoken from angels prove steadfast, and every transgression and disobedience receive the just recom pense and reward, how shall we escape if we reject so great salvation?" And it is not wonderful that the writer should 6ay with something of rhetorical exaggeration touching those who, when once enlightened and tasted of the heavenly gift, and were made partakers of the Holy Ghost, and tasted the Good Word of God, and the powers of the age to come, and then fell axvay, that it is impossible to re new _ them again until repentance. This is the exceeding grace vouchsafed to you; surely you wfll accept such a more per fect reconciliation offered so freely ana so mightily assured. 