(Alii. RfOHW -Rbswevbd.) THE GARDEN COURT MURDER BY BURFORD DELANNOY." CHAPTER XVIL THE ARREST. Garden (Jourt, Temple. Three pairs Qf jeyes — themselves unseen -rwatohing for the advent of Janson. The Temple has many nooks, doorways and landings from which a man may so watch. Enter its precincts, Nellie Esmond, Close behind her Detective Janson. She \- makes for Garden Court, and in one of -the houses there entere the ground floor suite of rooms. Janson stands outside" the doorway of the same house ; takes nS his hat and flicks tlie dust therefrom with hia hand kerchief. Perhaps this is an agreed signal. Anyway, from different partsof the Court oame a trinity of men — those same watchers— and join him. He gives them certain .instructions, leaves two' of them outside, turns the handle of Mr, Daverson's ' door, and enters with the other man. 44 He's in, Sir, but engaged." So says the clerk in the outer- room, recognising Janson. But that gentle man does not seem surprised. He says : " Oh, yes, I know— with Miss Esmond; he's expecting me." With that he walks to Daverson's private door, rapB with his knuokleB, swiftly opens it, enters and closes the doer behind him. \- The man left in the outer room, en gages the attention of tlie somewhat sur prised clerk, and sets the conversation ball rolling — the horsey appearance of the clerk warrants the question — by ask ing what lie fancies for the Lincolnshire Handicap ? Meanwhile, in the inner room, Daver- son expresses surprise at seeing Janson ; and then says he 19 glad, as he would like to introduce him to Miss Esmond. " This, Nellie, is the officer I was talk ing about. -He is engaged on the case, _ and he has promised to leave no stone unturned to find poor Hubert's body." Nellie bowed courteously, and said slie was glad to see Mr. JanBon, and asked had he any clue, and did he think he would succeed in his search P Yes, Mr. Janson said, yes, he dis tinctly thought he should be successful. Then Daverson somewhat excitedly said : " Do yon know, Janson, I want to tell you " And in a quiet tone of voice, advancing to the table, Janson said— " Don't tell me anything. It is of course, a useless formality with you, be cause you know the law— better than I \- do. Still, 'formality as it is, 1 must go through with it. It is my duty to warn you that anything you may say now may be used in evidence against you here after." Daverson stood looking at the officer in utter amazement for a few momenta, and then said : . If thiB is a joke, JanBon, it iB in bad, execrably bad taste." " I'm afraid you will find it no joke, Mr. Daverson, and I must ask you to consider yourself in my custody." " Custody " " Of course, you as a gentleman in the law, know what these things are. Duty is duty and must be performed. You'll 1 come quietly. I know. Yon can get into a oab I have waiting in Middle Temple- lane, and drive ofl nice and comfortable with no one the wiser. My friend here," he added, going to the door and beckon ing the other officer into the room, " my \- friend here will look after Miss Esmond in the same " ' Miss Esmond," inquired Daverson, " Are you mad P Do you mean to say—" ""'That you are both my prisoners. If you are wise you'll say nothing more, font go quietly to the station. Any ex planation you wish to make, you can give when the charge is entered." " Charge ? Charged with what P " " The murder of the Hop. Hubert Haddon." " You dare to accuBe me of that P " " No, Mr. Daverson, not personally— I was speaking of you jointly. The charge is with being concerned in the murder. Whioh committed the deed and which was the accomplice can be discussed later on." At first the actreBB sat in stony amaze ment, then her indignation found vent. " Do you dare accuse me of being con cerned in a murder P Dare to say yon will arrest me PF " Yea, Miss. Both these statements are — I am sorry to have to say it — quite . correct." " You shall not. I will not move from here." "A mistake, Miss, a mistake. I have half-a-dozen policemen within call. What will yon gain- by making a scene? Far better go quietly. If you are innocent, what's easier than to prove it later on P " "I will not move a step." " A mistake, Mies, a mistake. Why, I remember. Miss, seeing you, a year or two ago, at the theatre, playing the part of theFrenchwoman in ' Jo.' There was a policeman on the stage — an Inspeotor Bucket. I remember his part because it rather appealed to me, being an officer myself. Yon may remember you threat ened not to go then. As near as I can remember, Bucket wagged his finger at . you, and Baid — just as I am saying to yon now — now I want to be pleasant and gentle to you. a lady, if / can. If you . won't let me, I lis ve rougher ones outside.' That's the language of Charles Dickens, Miss, but it's mine, too. Don't let me have to call in three policemen, when you might just put your arm through that of my young man here, and walk out as quietly as if yon were going to pay a visit to the National Gallery." Before he had finished Nellie Esmond ! had given in. She did not a bit under- j stand what it ail meant, but she saw the futility of fighting. The Deteotive went on : I " You promised to go back to Liver- ' pool by the midnight train. That I am ' afraid you won't be able to do. I am a j man of business myself, and I like to see other people attend to theirs. If yon ' would like to wire to Mr. Mortimor that ' ' yon won't be badk— jost as he said you would do— why, I'll nee that the tele- ' it sent ofl all right-" I By this time .Daverson had recovered his presence of mind. Addressing the detective, lie said : ' ' ' Janson, Armas wrong to lose my tem per just now. I apologise." Don't mention it." " I was wrong, but Float my head for the moment. ' Yon tire doing your , duty, I know, onlyydur duty — and doing it sb pleasantly aByou can. At the same time ycuark makings terrible mistake." " Hope so for your sake, sir." "My sake does not so much count, as for this poor girl's. I do not- know what reason you . have for this groundless be lief in my guilt, but surely jrou can have heard no breath of suspicion against her. Do not, for God's sake, Janson, just be cause you find her in my company, blast her reputation by arresting her." " Sorry, but it can't be avoided." " Why P Now I call to mind your sus picion of the olteque. your inspection of my pass-book, and your curious ques tions, I see that you may have formed some sort of suspicion about me ; bat this poor girl has only just arrived— within tlie hour— from Liverpool." " I know that." " You know itr" , - " I have travelled up in the same train with her." CHAPTER JCVIII. FINDING THE BODY. Daverson looked blankly at the Detec tive. Surprised firstly at hiB knowledge of Nellie Esmond's movements,, and suspiciously surprised that he had trav elled. up with the girl. Why p For a moment he suBpeo ted some ill of Nellie, and then eould have kicked himself for hiB want of belief in her. " I went down to Liverpool." said Janson, " to see if I could recover the lady's dress basket." " Her dress basket P " " Yes, the one that in your letter to Miss Esmond yon express so much con cern over." - ' You know that P " " The letter is in my possession now." ' You have been hard at work, Jan son." respouded the barrister, bitterly. " Not harder than necessary," replied the detective. " That dress basket has fot to be found, if it's above ground, and thought that from its owner I might get some information.'' " Yon Beem very anxious about the basket." " Not more so than you seemed to be in your letter." 44 But what good do you think you will effect by finding it P " " Solve what is a mystery to as at present." " What ? " " The whereabouts oi the Hon. Hubert Haddon's body." " Do you mean P " " That the body is in MiBB Esmond's basket ? Yes, we have evidence to that effect." 44 Good God." Once more suspicion of Nellie flashed across his brain; once more lie dismissed it. He turned to the sobbing girl and said : " Nellie, my poor girl, you must do everything to clear up this mystery. Give tliis.officer all the information you can. When did you see your loat basket last, and how was it—" " It is my duty, you know. Miss," in terrupted Janson, " to warn you that whatever you say may be used against you in evidence later on," " Ah. Janson. the girl has nothing to conceal. -She is as innoaent as.I am my self. But there, what is the use of my saying that— you believe me guilty. Still, if you think Miss Esmond has the missing man's body in her basket, how, in Heaven's name, do you connect me witli it P " " The Hon. Hubert Haddon signed'-a cheque for £10,000 in favour of Miss Esmond." 44 1 did not know that ; but even sup posing it to be so. what has tliatjo do with me P " " You cashed it." " I ? " 44 Your photograph haB been identi- by the bank-clerk who cashed the cheque." " My pho — some awful, awful mistake." " 1 thought there was a possibility of it myself, so I did not arrest you before, but whilst 1 was away in Liverpool the notes have been traced and it is found were cashed at the WeBt End Branch of the Bank of England, and at tlie Head Office." " You don't mean to say — " " That the cashiers there remember you ? Yes, I do— distinctly. They, without a moment's hesitation, singled out your photograph from half-a-dozeu others." " My God ! Is it possible ? " " Truth, Mr. Daverson, every word of it. We don't joke on murder subjects, ! you know." . I Daverson was sitting dazed. What I the whole tiling meant he could not : fathom. | " I Bhall have to trouble you for your keys, Mr. Daverson." Yes, yes." " I am sorry to have to do this, but , duty is duty, you know as well as 1 do. . I must make a search here, aud it's just as well it should be done in your pre sence." 44 I quite understands Here are my keys. Your search will be fruitless. I have not a scrap or vestige of anything which in the very remotest degree is con nected Willi poor Haddon or liis disap pearance." ' This small key P " "Fits the drawers oj my table. AH unlocked, you see," pulling them out one by one ; " and empty except these three top ones, contents as you see, note- paper, envelopes, and stationery gener ally." " This one ? " 44 My latch-key, of home, the next two the keys of the outer and inner doors here. That one the key of the cupboard there — which you will find empty. The other keys ate all of drawers and things at home." " There does notseem much here." " No, I told you there is not a vestige of anything." " This is the cupboard key, is it F " " Yes, you will find it quite empty." The detective inserted the key in the lock and opened the door. Both he and his fellow officer— used to surprises as they were— started back witli an invol untary ory. The actreSB gave a despair ing shriek and fell in a fainting fit to the floor. Daverson seemed to fight for air as he staggered towards the cupboard with uplifted hands, and muttered : 44 Merciful God ! " For there on the floor of the cupboard, bound round in red tape was the body of | the missing man ! CHAPTER/ XIX. THE TELEPHONE. Janson became another man then. He j had his back to the door in a moment, I and a sharp eye on his two prisoners. | He spoke in a very dillereut tone of 1 voice, too -the courtesy had left it — Bluntly and aggressively, for he was annoyed that he had been deceived by the bairister's apparent truthfulness. " Cease these heroics, Mr. Daverson, they don't wash. I don't mind admit ting that you have been clever enough to fool me up to now ; but you may as well throw ofl the mask and face the music. Hold oat your hands." " No, no, Janson, for God's sake, spare me that ! ' , " Not a snare," replied the deoteotive 'firmly. " I'm not trusting you ont of my touch. You're a clever man, Mr. Daverson, and I'm just going to take care you're not too clever lor me. A man who fools me once, finds he has a hard row to i hoe'the .second time . . That'sit j. . «. now the other wrist . . . . I th iks, now we are a bit safer." . i Janson, 1 know that in arresting me you are but doing your duty " " Which I. have neglected too long, thanks to yonr plausible tongue." "But, Janson, as God iB my judge, 1 am inno " " Drop it ; or save it op. Keep it for the jury.' lor you're bound for the Old' Bailey as' safe as God made little apples." " I know yon think me guilty. I know appearances are against me " "They could not — short of the dead' Bjssakiug — be very much more so." "How Jie body came there, I know no more than you do." " No, of course net— you wouldn't. But it isn't wcrth while trying to convince me of that. I'm only one man, you know. Waittill you've got twelve of them in front of you." " Let me tell you." " Don't tell ine anything, because I should not believe you, whatever you said. To speak plainly, I don't think I ever earne across such a truthful liar in my life, and I've had a bit of experience, too. Whyryon even raised doubts in my mind — and I'm looked on as being one of the moBt suspicious men at the Yard — t as to your guilt. Besides, you know as j well as I do, that all you say will turn np against you at the hearing. I'm a police man. you know." " I am speaking the truth — " " Perhaps. Perhaps not. Anyhow you may want to twist yonr yarn a different way at the Bailey. What you say to me now might not fit then.". Tlie actress was showing signs oi re covery from her faint, Addressing an officer Janson said: " Close that cupboard door. lift her up into tile chair, man That's it Come here Keep your eye on both of them." He then walked to the telephone, turned the handle and placed the re ceiver to his ear; , " No. 3636 Gerard please. Miss. .\\... yea thank you, I will." He stood there patiently for a few- moments while the communication was made, and then spoke into the trans mitter again: " I'm JanBon Janson Who are you P.. ....Is Smedley there ? Ask him I to come to the plione Tiiat you, Smedley ? I'm in Garden Court. Temple. I No. 3. Note the number. Send on here immediately covered ambulance, three plain clothes men and surgeon, imme diately, you understand P Has the Super gone P Ask him to go on to Bow-street at once, I'm takingtwo.prisou- ers there now..... .Murder case I went to ' Liverpool about, tell him Red hot Yes All clear P Right. I He liung up the receiver aud rang off. I " Light those candles, Jim ; it is get- : ting dark. Now. Mr. Daverson, is this . your hat P Good There, that's on all j right. This your overcoat ? Better I liHiig it over your hauds like that. .See? That will hide the darbies. Two < of my men will walk alongside you, till you get to the lane where there's a cab waiting. Are you ready ? " i Daverson signified by a movement of his head that lie was. He was too over powered by what had happened to talk. " Now, just one final word," continued tlie officer. " It's a short walk, and i when yon smell the fresh air yon may be 1 tempted to make a dash for it. Don't. ' My men are younger and more athletic than you are. They'll have their eyes on you. and there are men posted at each ' exit. You'd stand no ghost of a chance if you tried to flit. See P That's right. I Act sensibly — and we act kindly. You might be three gents going out to a din - ner party ; no one will know the truth unless you give the show away Now, ; then, Mr. Daverson, forward if you please.- I'll follow presently with the lady. You, Jim, get anotiier cab. I will wait here till they come on from the Yard." The trinity of men left. Janson let them out, and returned to the inner office. He sat down and began turning out the paperB in the top drawers of Daverson's table. After a moment or so had elapsed, the actress said : " Mr. Janson, will yon let me ask you a question ? " " I wouldn't, Miss, if I were you. Still tongneB in cases of this sort make wiae heads, yon know," " You have warned me — I talk at my. own risk. 1 have only the bare plain truth to tell." " Um— that's what Daverson said." " Let ine tell you ray story — " " Why ? Don't. I don't want to hear it. _ It isn't fair. I'm a policeman, but for that, I've got views ofrifcht and wrong, and it is not right to let you give yourself away." I " Still, whilst we are waiting, I should like to tell you — " " Why ? Don't. Lord, Miss, you re mind me every minute more and more of. that piece — ' Jo ' — I saw you playing in. You may remember that you would keep On talking there ; and I remember the officer — Bucket, wash't it ? inspec tor Bucket — warning you against it then. But it doesn't seem much good warning you, you will ' parley.' " " No — because I want to tell you all I know. You are. a clever mau — " " You flatter me, Miss." " Not at all — your disguise at the Liverpool Theatre, so that I did not re cognise you, appeals to my theatrical nature. That was clever." " TTm— there was another disguise 1 met you in to-day." " Really." " Yob— I was the old man with the fits." He changed his voice bb he spoke. " A-goin' np to Guy's Horspittie all alone, cos my chillera and grenehillern didn't keer about me." " That was you ? Truly. I was right to call you clever." " Waanta bad bit of make-up, was it P I was a trifle nervous about facing a pro. with it on. I thought you might pene trate my disgniae." " No ; I never for a moment had the faintest suspicion. Now let me tell yon my story." " You will ' parley ' you know." " Because I have faith in you as being a clever officer. I want to convince you of my innocence ; I want to win you to my side." " A bit difficult. Miss — with that cup board full of murdered man." 1 don't believe he was murdered." " You don't ! " ' I believe he committed suicide." " What p And then tied himself up in red tape, and locked himself in the' cupboard, and put the key in Daverson's pocket ! Try something thicker, Miss — if you must 4 parley 'e-that's too thin. You can see through it with your eyes shnt." CHAPTER XX THE ACTRESS'S STORY. 44 Let me' tell you my reason for think- , ing as I do. I have known the Hon. j Hubert Haddon for over twelve months. We were lovers — engaged. The banns had been published and we were to have been married the day before yesterday. The last time that I saw him alive was at hia rooms on Monday evening." " Jenkins— his man — told me that yon ; were there, then." commented Janson, 1 as he referred to his note-book. " And he will tell you that we parted the Very beat of friends." " That's so ; lie did." " From that moment I have never set eyes on him until," she added with a shudder, " you opened that cupboard door. I went straight home, land wrote a long- letter to the man wbowaeon the eve 'of marrying me. -This letter, I be lieve. induced him to commit suicide." " Jenkins said a letter oame from yon by the first post on Tuesday — he knows yonr handwriting." " You- have searched his room, no doubt ; yon will liavefonndthit letter. If you have, and' read -.it. you WiU see some ground for my belief that— loving me as he did— he may faaveoommitted suicide,". ' " We searched — but we didnt find the letter you refer to." "In it I bade him farewell forever, told him that the marriage could never take place, that I was leaving for Livei- pool, and that I prayed- God. I might never meet him again. Then 1 went to Liverpool, you know." - - " Yes." "Try, Mr. Janson. to .believe that 1 am speaking the truth --oh, I so ear nestly beg of you to. do so l I may be innocent, you know ; let me put it like that— give me the benefit of the doubt whilst you liBten to me." " It's not for me to judge you, Mies " No, no; I an not suggesting that. But I want you to help me. I feel that if I can convince you thatlam speaking the truth, you mil help me. Ah ! see now. you suspected me over the dress basket, there was. nothing wrong in it, after all. Admit tiiat." " Yes. I was wrong there. What, we found in the cupboard I expected to find in tlie basket." " You didP My God"! .How horrible. Are there women. inthe world who could really— oh, it -iB -too dreadful to think of." " My experience is, Miss/ that there are few things in tlie way of crime that a woman can't carry outfit, you put her to it. When it's a question, of man or woman in criminality. I pnt my money on the feminine gender eveiy time." " But so '! " Well, don't discusB it, MiBB. That basket theory was wrong." " Whilst I waB at Liverpool, I had— as you know— the letter from Mr. Daver son asking me to come up to London. The letter was a complete enigma to me. I want you to believe, Mr. Janson. that that was the first, the very-first moment that I knew of the Hon. Hubert' Had don's disappearance." i&f; " Of course, I can't question you. I don't want to. I don't even want to bear what yon say." " Yes, yes. Ah, Mr. Janson, do, Do for God's sake. Yon may have a wife of yourown, daughters, perhaps. Think— think— they might be Caught in the coils of circumstantial evidence/and appear black as night when they were as white as the driven snow. Think. Mr. Janson, if those women appealed to a man to help them — only just a'little— by putting questions to them, that they might satiafyhimtliey were speaking the truth. Ah. Mr. Janson, you are human— only human — a palpitating piece of -flesh and blood just as lam. I appeal to you — 1 urge you — I urayyou — for God's sake, ask me anything which you think will throw light on this aflair, and make me appear as innocent as I am." " Well — as 1 told you, Miss, I can't question you— it's against the rules. Of course I can't prevent you talking, you know; and you might — I say you might— care to tell me what you did cn Tuesday night, and about the witnesses you could call for an alibi, you know." " Tuesday night ?" " Yea. or Wednesday morning. We reckon that aftqr 11 o'clock on Tuesday night the Hon. Hubert Haddon was murdered. I know you left Euston by the Liverpool afternoon expresa next day, and we've pretty clear evidence of what you did after that." " Yes, yes. Then — oh thank God if I am right — that goes to help to prove my innocence F" " Well, of course. 1 canT ask you ques tions. you know, but-ifypu&an; bring wit nesses to prove what you -were doing be tween 11 o'clock on Tuesday- night ami two o'clock on the Wednesday afternoon, it would go a long way to proving your story true." " Witnesses P i —oh, >God, what a chain— what a net— seems to have closed around me! Witnesses ? There is not a soul in whole world could witness for me that." ' Um." " And yet — oh, it is horrible— horrible horrible- — " " Calm down. Miss, it's cot a bit of use getting excited —it won't do a scrap of good — you just rest quiet a bit ana doD't talk any more." " Talk P I must talk." " You will 4 parley,' you kuow," said Janson. 44 1 must tell you everything. 1 had behaved badly to Haddon— acted falBeiy to him — and oh, my God, how am i being punished for it — 1 was so ashamed of myself, of my conduct, that 1 had for nights and nights been attempting to commit suicide. But I was a coward, and when I looked over "tlie bridge, down into that Waters which seemed to run with a cold, horrible swiftness to death— the death f was oourting, and yet was afraid to face — my courage failed me, and I drew back, Tuesday night P All, yes, I remember it. I had been to the Gaiety to see the stage manager there, to know tlie time of the train call on the morrow. The Gaiety closes about 11-16, and 1 left — I remember— just as the cur tain fell, for I heard the 4 Queen ' as 1 came out of the Manager's room. That was at 11-15." 44 Between eleven o'clock on Tuesday night, and two o'clock on Wednesday afternoon," murmured Janson. 44 1 went home. 1 lived at — " 14 Yes, I know. We have been there." 44 My landlady, poor old soul, goes to bed early, she would kuow nothing oi my movements." ' Yet she gave ns certain informa tion." 44 But her evidence could not help me. The letter I had sent was worrying me. No sooner was 1 in the house than I wanted to be out again— and I went." (To be continued.) 