AN OUT=BACK; $CH0Ot .. experience. .. COMPLETE SHORT STORY. (FOR THE 'SUNDAY TIMES.') T WAS sitting in my chamber- of horrors, my elbows on the table, my face in my hands, staring 'moodily at a huge pile of exercises and Junior University examina tion papers that needed correction. I was worrvinp nvpr the conduct Of the brightest, queerest, girl pupil I had ever taught— Jessie Auc'nt6rlonie Fer guson — a girl of 15, with a dark proud, passionate face, eyes that flashed like White Cliffs' opals, beautiful hands and feet, short, crisp, curly hair, and a lithe, active figure. She was a creature of con tradictory moods. One day stormy, wilful, hard to manage; another day humble, meek, penitent. Brilliant, dull, energetic, - list less; ambitious, apathetic; fond of praise, indifferent, but always truthful. In the morning I had accused her in the presence Of her class mates of copying from her. notes during the written reproduction of;a history lesson. She had answered badly when I had examined her class orally; yet, without preparation, .she had written a splenuid paper. Naturally I concluded that she must have copied from her note-book. When I made my charge . in front of her class, she flew into a terrible rage. 'I am not a liar, sir ! I never copied a line in my life. I am as proud as you are. I could not stoop to such contemptible meanness. How dare you accuse me of such a dirty act ?' 'Silence !' I thundered: 'You forget whom you are addressing. Your behaviour all the morning has been disgraceful.' 'Yes, I'll admit that, sir; but I did not copy a word. I cannot bear to hear you say you believe I did.' . 'Will you give me your word of honor that you are speaking the truth, Jessie ?' 'Yes, sir. I'll swear it !'. 'Very good; I'll take your word, Jessie. I cannot believe that you would lie de liberately.' 'Thank you, sir.' Then she broke down utterly, and I felt that my usually acute judgment must have been strongly at fault. I stared at the home lessons — and thought about Jessie. ? ? ? _ ? ? I did not hear anyone enter the class room. 'Don't turn round, sir. I have a con fession to make. Please, don't mpve. Let me stand behind you. I could not bear to look you in the face now. 'Perhaps I'll never be game.to hold up my head in front of you again.' You won't turn round, will you, sir 'No, Jessie,' I said, wondering. 'I didn't copy out of my note-book this morning.' 'I'm sure of. that, Jessie.' 'Ah ! but I did worse. Last night I took the note's you gave us and also a ,'Ransome's History,' and made up a paper on 'The Beginnings of Colonisation,' and brought it to school with me to learn off by heart'. You told us all to put our note books on the floor before reproduction. I put my book on the floor, but I first took out the history paper which I kept in my lap. When you were busy examining the j other classes, I copied, the whole paper out, I I was tempted somehow. I wanted so bad ly to beat Lulu Goldrick. When I was done I felt sick. I was so ashamed, I said to myself, if I am found out, I'll own up. Then you praised Lulu's paper, and that hardened my heart. When, you charged me with copying after reading my essay, I was mad. If you had spoken quietly to me after school I should have told the truth and gone down on my knees to beg your pardon. I would, so help me, God ! but I couldn't bear the looks Lulu gave me. I'd have smacked her .freckled face if I could have got close enough. I want you to put your right hand behind you for me to hold.' 'Good God ! what psychological puzzle is this ?' thought I. 'I'm on my knees behind you, sir. 1 won't get up off the floor, till you say you forgive me. I'll apologise to-morrow in front of the classes. I'll do anything you like, sir.' She was fondling my hand. Her own hands were feverish. I could not speak, I was so upset. Tears fell like rain in my hand. They were kissed away. 'I value your good opinion more than anybody's in the world. Often when I was troublesome you could have ma£e me good and soft by just putting your hand on my head and speaking quietly to me; but you were cold and severe, so I used to grow hard and defiant. Of course, you were al ways just; but so . dreadfully stern. I would go through fire and water for a kind word from you, sir.' I dreaded the coming of the garrulous and bibulous old dame who swept out the school. „ 'Will you apologise to me before the classes to-morrow morning at half-past nine ?' 'Yes, sir; I'll do anything if you'll for give and forget.' . . 'There is no doubt'of your sorrow, Jessie, so there will be no doubt of my forgiving.' 'Put your hand on my head and say: 'I forgive you fully, Jessie.' ' I did as requested. There was silence for a few moments. Then the girl rose. . 'I would have jumped into the river to night if you had refused to forgive me; for I love you better than anybody in the world.' Then she threw her arms round me, and kissed me on the head, ears, neck, cheeks, and ran out of the room, leaving me on fire. Two minutes later Mrs. Hobbs shufiled . into the room to know if she'd be allowed to sweep the Primary School that after noon, or if- — 'Oh, yes !' I snapped; 'sweep the yard if you like.' Next morning I sent for Jessie at 9.15. She came in as pale as a ghost, but with a wonderful light in her. eyes. 'Well, Jessie, have you altered your mind about that apology 'No, sir; I always keep my word.' After school had marched in I rang the gong and asked that spirited child-woman to come cut on the floor and apologise to me. Her voice was clear and steady, but I thought she would faint, she was so ghastly pale. She walked back to her desk with her hands clenched — and I felt as il I had murdered a big, brave soul. I am old and grey now. Jess has been dead many years. My wife left me on her account; yet, though I was all to blame, I regret uelther that separation nor what led up to it; but I loathe and despise myselt when I think of the awful apology I allow ed that girl to make. That was a crime — JIMMIE PANNIKIN. 