Dr. Redwood's Sermon. His Grace Dr. Redwood preached a mag nifioent sermon. Taking as his text: 'He shall reign in the House of Jacob for ever, and of His kingdom there shall be no end ' (Luke i., 32-33), he said: We are here assembled in thousands to hold a grand celebration, and to inaugurate a great event of ecclesiastical history— great in the momnrlog nf f.litt nnof. erenat. in flhfi liriohl hopes of the future — the first Australian Catholic Congress. , For many years and under three successive Archbishops, con spicuous for their zeal, ability and buccoss, you Catholics of Sydney, emulating the piety of your forefathers in those ages of faith which created the noblest religious edifices, grey with venerable age, in the old world, set yourselves the noble task of per petuating in this fair Austral land the glorious traditions of the past. This beauti ful Cathedral, now sufficiently completed to make us envy the eyes that will see it in its finished magnificence ; this struobure so grand in design, so solid, so majestic and so rich in every architectural grace and detail, is jour gift to the Almighty, worthy of your traditional faith and devotion. It is the triumph of your faith and generosity. It will stand on its commanding site a prin oipal monument of your queenly capital ; a aplendid landmark to be hailed with joy by the pilgrim from distant shoreB as he sails up your incomparable harbour, and its second solemn opening to-day is felicitously coincident with the first Catholic Congress oelebrated under the Southern Or.oss. We are met together to solemnly return jthanks . to God for all His blessings bestowed upon His Church at large, and upon this country in particular during the nineteenth century about to cloBe, and to invoke His bene diction and favour upon the twentieth century about to open. From time to time in the course of human destinies ooour greater and more striking events in whioh the past and the future are, as it were, summed up, and whioh though intrinsically great are tokens and representatives of greater things than themselves. Suoh is the purport of our present celebration : it witnesses that much has been done ; it pre dicts that much and more is to follow ; it is the recognition of the zeal of past suooesses, and an instrument of their consolidation and inoreaso. Well then may we rejoioe on this day, and most happily does it fall within the ootave of the Feast of the Nativity of the Blesaed Virgin Mary — for to whom under God are our acknowledgments more truly due, and our expectations more seourely turned than to the all holy and ever glorious Mother of God ? [ I remember that 18 years ago at the first opening of this noble pile my theme was the ' Divinity of Christ, and I see no reason to ohange that theme to-day, though I shall, of oourse, view it under other aspects, and treat it in a different way. At the close of i this oentury we are assooiated with the ' whole Catholic world in doing solemn homage i to Christ, the Redeemer of mankind, in - paying to Him our tribute, of adoration, ' praise and love, in thanking Him especially - for the priooleHs benefit of our redemption, 1 and invoking His Almighty blessing upon - the approaohing twentieth century, whioh 1 already stirs our hearts with sanguine hopes - and serious apprehensions— a oentury whose - influences on human Booiety are inoaloulablo. ? and fraught with the most momentous con sequences for weal and for woo. ' Considering Jesus Onrisb in Hia social \ aspoota I proceed then with His aBBiabanoe j to prove His Divinity by exhibiting tho ' aupornatui'al and divine sooiety whioh Ho ] hao oroated in the bosom of mankind. ' Tho highboBt manifestation of Dlvino - Power is tho oroativo power. Of oourse, man has not this sovereign attribute. Ho \ cannot create in tho sbriot sense of tho word, bub ho can do what rosombles this Divine attribute. Ho oan found ; and this powor to lay n foundation to build upon it and to oomplebo tho atruoburo is a ray of Divine Power, and in nothing else is human power so fully manifested, Therefore, 'the extent of a man's social power la measured by tho extent of his social foundations. Men before now have been known to found an intellectual society or school by science, a political society or an empire by might, a religious society or sect by tho passions of men. But Christ did not found a school by scionco nor an empire by might, nor a sect by the passions of man, He founded ft roHgioun dooloty or Ohureh by Hia own Divine Powor, Ho sob up a spiritual king dom to last for over, in whioh Ho roigna Bupi'omo an Prophet and King oven to the consummation of tho world, nay, when that Church milibanb on earth ahull have aooonipHnhod its divine minEiion it ahall pass into tho Church triumphant in Honvon under tho bllnHful reign of Ohriub and Hia aainta for nil otornity, This glorious kingdom, this spiritual world immoiiHurably auporior to tho matorial world around uh, ib tho work of HIb Dlvitio oroativo Powor employing fov that? mighty purposo human insbrumouta humnuoly speaking entirely inadequate, Ho did not) found a school of Borneo, To n few Ignorant (lnhormon on tho shores of Ijivko Tlborlnii, Ho wild : ' Follow mo und I will lnnlco you tinhorn of men '(Mutt, iv,, ID). Hi' iinifKo an obflouro GiiUllonn: 'On then I will build my Ohureh' (Matt, xvi,, IB), Ho mvld to thouo iibrango dltuilplon ?, 'do and bimoh all Miibioiifi, Talco no thought) now on what to speak.' Have we here a learned man, a scholar committing his system to other learned men as did Socrates, Aristotle, or Plato ? What Is his pulpit? A rock on the mountain top, a gtnk on Lako GononareMi, a btavollm'Vi bonoh nour Jaoob'n well, What In Illn i favourite audience ? ' The common people, the poor. What is His style of teaching ? Most simple, easily understood by all, Is this human science after the manner of Plato, Descartes, Liebnitz? No; but a Divine teaching that has overthrown the obstacle of heredity, the barrier of rational ism, the division of races, and has triumphed alike over the past and the future. Neither did Christ found an empire by might. Might is hard, violent, imperious, while Jesus was all sweet and calm and meek, all kind and merciful. He, the founder of an immortal society, knew full well that might founds short-lived so cieties, and that all who take the sword shall ultimately perish by the sword. He checked tho ill-timed zeal of his disciples who wished to resist', 'Put up thy sword into thy scabbard ' (John xviii., 3). 'To. found a kingdom which shall embrace the world I send you not with mighty armies, not with the thunder of battles and the glare of conflagrations, I send you as sheep in the midsb of wolves ' (Matt, x., 716). la this the language of might ? Nay, is it not the language of extreme weakness ? And yet this Divine weakness has achieved more than the sword of Romulus, the lance of Attila, or the scimitar of Mahomet. Again Christ did not found a sect by an appeal to the passions of men. What has not religious fanaticism effected by cleverly pandering to sensual passions ? Did Christ flatter the popular instincts ? Did He foster the ambition of the Jewish race aspiring to the religious and political sovereignty of the world— a sovereignty which Mahomet was obliged to promise to the Arabian race? Did He flatter the pride of His disciples and give free scope to their worldly and national am bition? No, He said to them: 'Of your selves you are nothing, and oan do nothing. Do what I command you, and when you have done so beat your breasts and say you are unprofitable servants.' Did Christ flatter sensual passions? Is the Gospel the law of pleasure ? Nay. Is not the law of the Cross a mere thought, a look accounted as sinful as an action, a desire of revenge judged worthy of punishment, the indul genoe in a self-complacent feeling able to destroy a whole life of sacrifices and virtues; suoh is the morality whioh has drawn the world to the feet of Christ sacrificed. What,' then, is the power whioh, without appeal to soienoe or might, nay, despising them all, has nevertheless founded a kingdom unique in the world, has conquered time and space, overcome the barriers of hereditary, nationality and race, subjugated the past and the future ? Verily it is the same Divine power which made tho world out of nothing. But that power is Christ, and therefore Christ is God. Let us now look more closely at this visible Ohuroh of Christ, this vast and wonderful sooiety of the Redeemer. Was it an absolutely novel work, without root in the paab without preoedent ? No, that sublime creation had a long preparation analagous to the preparation of our terri torial globe. Geological stratifications dis close to us a slow and rising progress of life towards imperial man, who sums up all other lives in himself, So it was with the historic classification in regard to the work of Christ, We behold human generations ever advancing in the growing light of' Divine Revelation. Already in the old Church the virtue of the Redemption was applied by anticipa tion, From tho first man until the first harvest of death no one could be saved un Iosh he believed at loaab implicitly in the promised Redeemer, That mysterious church spread amongst tho Gentiles took a corporate shape and determinate form in the Judaic institutions. . Tho doctrinal, law, sacraments and priesthood of tho Chosen People were' so many signs of tho visible manifestation of the Church. But an St. Thomas Aquinas remarks, all these things were imperfect, preceding and prepar ing for the perfect. The old Church was conscious of her imperfection, and while she prefigured the new Church by her constitution, she announced, her by splendid prophecies, 'All tho ends of the earth,' she said, by the royal mouth of David, ' shall bo con verted to the Lord, and all the kingdom -( of tho Gentiles shall adore in Hie sight,' 'Arise, be onllghbonod, Jerusalem,' Isaias orlos oub, 'The Gonbiles shall walk in thy light, and kings in tho, brightness of thy rising, i Lift) up thy oyes round about and see ; all those are gathered together, they aro oomo bo theo ; thy aona ahull come from afar, and thy daughtors ahall riso up ab thy aide. Thou ahalb boo and abound, and thy hoart shall wonder and bo enlarged when the mulbibudo of bhe boo, shall be converted bo thoo, the strength of tho Gentiles shall oomo to thoe,' Thus the old Ohuroh oxpootorl tho now, but was no stranger bo tho work of Christ ; aho wr*H an assemblage of sacred olomonbs whioh Ho transformed by imparting bo thorn a perfection of, tho truth made clear, and onrlohod with now rovoMiona, porfoobion of tho law, impolling to sublunar virbuoa, pur feobion of tho aaoramonts whioh, from indi cative slgrifi, booatuo operative signs, multi plying grace in their action ; porfoobion of the prioabhood marked with a moro godly oharaobor, inventotl with nobler funotiona, portuoatiud with broader and stronger authority, and on'lowod with immortal life, porfootion of expansion arofieltig tho limits of one nation and inoluding bho whole world ; perfection of duration, punning from n do bonnluabo time to perpetuity ; all Mioao per fnotiami crowned and oatifinnacl by u moro ooploun olluuion and -t deeper ponolvation of tho Holy Spirit), i And in thin, particularly, is bho definitive work of Christ, distinct from its prepara tion. The Holy Ghost is the soul of the Church ; and hence, in the Apostle's Creed, after Baying, ' I believe in the Holy Ghost,'* we immediately add, ' 1 believe in the Holy Catholic Church.' The soul and ^the body are inseparable, ' Throughoub the long ages of preparatory evolutions, the Spirit of God gave Himself in a measured and secret manner. But when the hour of perfection came, He showed Himself, lavished Himself, filled souls to the brim, and wrought countless marvels. Look at theDay of Penteoosb; the ApoBtles, who were the first elements of Christian society so elaborately prepared by our Saviour, were all together in prayerful ex pectation of the fulfilment of their Lord's promises. Suddenly a mighty sound was heard, like that of a strong wind, and tongues of fire fell from Heaven upon them. It was the soul of bhe Church laying hold of the body, the Holy Ghost consummating the work of Christ. His all-powerful operation caused in an instant the ignorant to grow learned, eloquent, the timid brave as lions, the un grateful ready to sacrifice themselves unto death. Nor did bhe immensity of the world shake their daring ; they planned with sub lime serenity its universal conquest. The new Church was created, the new Church was living and complete. '- ? mm You marvel, and you naturally ask whether that libtle band of Apostles and Disciples in the upper ohamber was verily a work at all points worthy of Christ. En dowed as He was with infinite power, ought He nob to have given to His incipient work vaster proportions, the better to impress the world with awe at his Divine Authority ? Undeceive yourselvea. ? Christ foresaw that wicked men would one day contest Hia work. Had He made it of grander and more imposing aspect in the outset they would have attributed it, with a semblance of reason, to tho power of a merely human prestige.^ But reduced to suoh lowly pro portions and elements bo feeble it amazed, it confounded by its rapid progress the sacri legious denial of its Divine origin. What ! The Churoh man's work ! That cannot hold good for a moment before the lightn ing suooesB of those 12 men, poor, unlettered, weak and unpopular, who conquered the world in the name of Christ the Redeemer, and whose sons it is our proudest boast to be. Yes, history followed step by step up to the Apostles, proclaims that tho grand and splendid assembly of men now covering tha whole world, enjoying the thousand benefits of the Redemption, iB the expansion of the small group in the upper ohamber quickened by the Holy Ghost, the world wide Ohuroh of Christ. Da you wish to learn its nature and attri bubeB ? Sbarb from this principle : the Churoh being the work of Christ was made to His image and likeness. Now, in the Incarnate Word we have the invisible and the visible ; a world of gran deur and perfection full of mysteries beyond human brain, and a living flesh manifesting itself to our senses, and revealing by its acts the prinoiple whioh vivifies it. So also is ?the Ohuroh. The , invisible is her soul, the society of the just, bhe vast and mysterious capacity of whioh lies beyond our measure ment ; the visible is her body, tho external sooiety whose members, ostensibly united in the profession of the same faith and the reception of the same Saoramonts, reveal the principle whioh gives them supernatural life. Again, thoro reigns in the person of bhe Incarnate Word a wonderful order of all its elements, a perfoob subordination of the apparent to the hidden, of the libble bo bho great, of what must obey to what must command. So in the Ohuroh everything haa its proper order and plaoe ; everything holds bogebher in a complete dependence of Ohuroh indivisible, and this dependanoe Bhows itself by the harmonious motions in every direction, from the bop of tho Hier (irohy, whence tho commands come down to tho lowliest of the faithful, and from the low liest of tho faithful whence obedlenoo rises to tho bop of tho Hierarchy. LttBbly, in tho Inoaruate Word, thoro is the consbanb interpretation of tho human and the Divino, Nob only 1b Hie hallowed soul bathed in the splendours of the Divinity whioh oommunioabeB to Him unequalled perfeobion, bub also His sacred flesh serves as the instrumenb for tho operations of Omnipotence, by whioh tho Divinity mani' fosba itself, and for tho aoba whioh receive therefrom an infinite merit. Bo in the Ohuroh is bhe work of Christ, and human in her olemenba, slio ia oonsbanbly pervaded by tho Divine virtue of Ohriat by Whom she ia annoinbed, For, bear in mind, bhab Ohrisb is nob like those merely human oreatora who firab abatnp their work with their genius, and bhen given it up to iba fate. Christ, bhe Oroabor of bhe Ohureh, remains united to His work wibh a union uo oloao and profound, that tho Apostle has likened it to tho union of tho head and mombers of the body. 'Christ is tho head of the Ohuroh, we aro tho mombors of HIb body' (lilph. v,, 2H, 31), All vitality, all motion, all dircobion a bar to in our body from bho houd ; bo in the Ohuroh all vitality, motion and diroobion sbat'b from Joeua Ohriwli, Nob only does Ho oroabe tho hollnoau of hor noul, nnamauifoiuV.i ib by mlraoloH, bufc, wlmfi in bho groaboBb of prodlgioB, Ho oroabos bho indofootiblo unity of her body, ' Ohrlsb,' aay« the Apostle, ' k bho head of bho Ohuroh, and tho Saviour of His body '(lilph, v., 23, 31). Tho Ohuroh in one wibh Christ, She is Hia npotiMo, Hiii myntio body. Through hor, thoroforo, Ho in alw/iyn vloiblo, always ?peaking, alwayB acting in bhe world. She is, bo to speak, His prolongation through time and space. ? *' ? - Christ is a Prophet, a Priest and a King. A Prophet to foretell supernatural eventB, and to teach supernatural truths until the end of time. A priest to offer the Sacrifice of Redemption on Mount Calvary, and to perpetuate that self-made sacrifice in the Eucharist unto the end of tho world, A King of a spiritual supernatural kingdom, vast as the world in which He rules, guides ?? His subjects and members unto everlasting life. Now, His threefold functions of Prophet, Priest, and King, He discharges by means of His myatio body — the Chuich. As a teacher and revealer of supernatural truth, He completed the circle of all the reveal*- d truths, which a wiBe and merciful God vouchsafed to communicate to mankind;' and that whole Body of trufch, that snored deposit He imparted to His Church to teach, to expound, and defend until His second coming. According, He gave her His infallibility in the matter of faith and morals, or in what man must believe and do to attain salvation— passive infallibility in the Church at large, the Church taught ; active infallibility in the Church teaching, the body of pastors and bishops, in whioh must be included the Chief Pastor of all. Hence the whole Church, or the universal Church is infallible in the belief and the profession of faith, so that it cannot happen that all her faithful should ever believe or profess a doctrine contrary to faith. Hence the body of bishops, including the Pope, either in Council assembled or dispersed throughout the world, is infallible in teach ing. Hence the Pope, or Roman Pontiff, speak ing ex-cathedra, is infallible in teaching — not science, not politics— but within the sphere of infallibility ; namely, in the doctrine of faith and morals. Hence active , infallibility, or infallibility in teaching only, can be defined ' a special providence or assistance of God by which the Church in teaching and defining is preserved from error.' Christ, therefore, gave infallibility to His Church. But — still greater gift — He gave her indefectibility. Not only will she never err in the domain of faith and morals, but she will continue always to tho end of the world, and long as she exists she cannot err. She is indefectible, and she claims His property in tho solemn and reiterated promises of Christ her Head. He promised that the gates of Hell should not prevail against her ; that He would be with her all days, even to tho consummation of the world' (Mabb. xvi., xviii.) Henoe her failing would make void His promises. The gates of Hell would prevail, and Christ would cease to be with her. Moreover, tho present state of tho Church, after hor marvellous career of so many ages, is un incontrovertible argument against tho fact of defection. ' The Ohuroh,' says St. Augustine, ' will not be conquered, nor eradicated, nor will she yield to any temptation or trial until the end of the world.' The arguments proving her indefeolibiliby are equally cogent bo establish her infalli bility. Bub others also abound in tho Old and in bhe New Testament. In the Old Testament Isaias prooluims the joyful fl mrishing of Ohrisb s Kingdom, and that His Ohuroh shall bo a holy and secure way. In bhe New Testament we have bhe grand commission given by Ohrisb bo bhe Apoatloa : 'Going, therefore, teaoh all nabions, bap tizing them in bhe -name of bho Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching, them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, and behold I am wibh you all days evojn bo bhe oonaummabion of bhe world '(Mabb. xxxiii., 1920). 'I will auk the Father, and He shall give you another Paraclete that Ho may, abide wibh you for ever' (John xlv., 16). And again, ' But bho Paraclebe, bhe Holy Ghost, Whom the Father will send in My name, He will beaoh you all bhings, and .bring all things to your mind whatsoever I have said bo you ' (Ibid, v,, 20). Tho infallibility is a mighty and awful gift, but necessary to meet and overcome a gigantic evil, tho lapse of mankind into error, the total loss of revealed truth, the extinction of the supernatural in tho minds and souls of men, Consider for a moment bhe number and nature of the Christian dogmas ; consider the Catholicity of tho Church ; consider tho infirmity and malice of men ; consider the universal solvent truth, man's proud, restless and perverted intellect ; consider men's proclivities to sects and divisions ; consider all this, and you will , ,-. readily admit tho wisdom and necessity of this special Providence and assistance of God called infallibility Christ is a Priest, and He imparted His priesthood to His Church, Declaring Him« self a High Priest according to the Order of Melchisedeck He offered tho sacrifice of Hia body and blood under tho appearance* of bread and wlno, and immediately din bribubod thorn to Hia Apoabloa, constituting them and their miooossors His miniotors to oonbinuo bo offor up tho name naarifioo unto bho consummation of tho world, by Haying, 'Do bhis in romombranoo of Mo.' Tho ( Musb id thorofori) thu aontinuiibion of the Haorifioo of ? tho Orotm ; bho bwo uaorlflooB bointf substanbiftlly idontio, though in aooidontalH dlfi'oronb. And by thin perpetual fctoarlflod of tho Muhh Christ kifb to Hie Ohuroh tho monb purfeob poimlblo wornhip, by whioh tho four inrihipominblo dutlou tnoumbont on man towardii God au our Hovorolgn, our Uouofuotor, our Judgo, and our supreme Good, nro moiit porfootly diu charged, namely, adoration, thanksgiving, propitiation, and prayer— a worship whioh rejoices the blessed in Heaven, and gives the greatest relief to the souls in Purgatory — a worship which exists for the threefold purpose of being a sacrament, a food, and a saorifice. Again Christ as a Priest forgave sin ; He is the Lamb that taketh away the sins of the world. That power of forgiving sin He also left to His Church in the person of His priests who, in the sacrament of order, receive from Him the power which, after His resurreotion, He gave to His Apostles, saying, 'Receive ye the Holy Ghoatj whose sins you shall forgive they are forgiven, and whose sins you shall retain they are retained,' Finally Christ as a Priest, gave to His Church His sanctity with the power to oreate, inorease, and propagate it in His seven members of the seven channels of Divine example. Through Christ the Church is holy in her author, holy in her constitution, holy in her end, holy in her means, holy in her Head ; and that holiness is made manifest as a note or mark of the true Church, in the worship and exemplary lives, and eminent heroic virtues of her children and her saints, and by the miracles and other Divine tokens of the ever-present Spirit working in her and ii-her members. Christ is a King, and the Church is His Kingdom, in which He reigns and rules through space and time by her Unity, Oatholioity and Apostolioity, While she has unity of faith by all her members pro fessing the same doctrine and , unity of worship by their communion or participa tion in the same sacraments, rites, and sacrifices, she has unity of government, because all Catholics hold the supremacy of the Roman Pontiff, the Vicar of Christ, as a dogma of faith, receive with reverence and obedience all his commands and laws, and are eubjeots to his authority as one supreme head and oentre of unity. Christ, also, wished His Church to be Catholic or Universal. Catholio as to place : He said to his Apostlea : 'Go ye into the whole we rid and preaoh the Gospel to every creature.' Catholic as to times. ' Behold I am with you all days, even to the con summation of the world,9' Oatholio as to dootrines. ' Going, therefore, teaoh ye all nations. . . . Teaching them to observe all thinga, whatsoever I have commanded you.' Thus are verified the angelic words spoken of our Saviour at the time of Hie Incarnation. ' He shall reign in the House of Jaoob forever, and of His Kingdom there shall be no end.' Thus the parable of the mustard seed ie applied. 'The Kingdom of God is liken grain of mustard seed, whioh a man took and oast into his garden, and it grew aud became a great tree, and the birds of the air lodged in the branches thereof.' Hence the martyr St. Ignatius could aptly say ; ' Where Christ is there is the Catholic Church.' Oatholio in her inoommunioabk name, attached to her from the first, in vain attempted, never stolen from her by hoi rivals. Finally Christ made the Church Apostolio, beoause she has her origin and her dootrinc from Him through His Apostles, and be oauBO she has the succession of her pastors uninterrupted from thorn to our dny. She is Apostolic in her origiu, for, according to all, she is the Ohuroh of the first ages, whioh was undoubtedly Apostolio. Apostolio in her doctrine, for it has not changed down to our time, and her adversaries cannot prove that it has, Development it has had, noble, gradual, extensive, nujoatio, but no change in substance or identity. Apostolio, as to Bnaoession, because she has succession of orders, as all admit who acknowledge the Saorament and the power of orders 5 for, if they deny the succession they oavmot regard their own orders aa valid, sinoe they roooived them from no other than the Oatholio Ohuroh. Lastly, sho has tho suooossion of jurisdiction for, she has never fallen away from tho Church founded by the ApoBbloa. There ia no fact in hiBtory more certain than tho suaoossion o( PonliifFa from St. Potor to Leo. XIII She has, therefore, tho throe conditions required for Apostolioity. She holds and touches the doobriuoa of tho ApostloH, she has her ordera from the Apo&llcm; of her mission. Her dootrino is Apostolic, aa is evident from tho orueds of th faith, the Sacraments, and tho Sacrifice of r' the Mass. Her orders are Apostolio, be cause thoy have come down in an unbroken ouooesaion of. Bishops and 'pastors from St. Peler, to whom our Lord committed tho aare of Hia faithful, and tho present Sovereign Pontiff, and the Bishops of the Oath olio Ohuroh throughout) the world. Her mission is from tho Apoatlos, boonuae she alone if) governed by tho lawful successors of tho Apoatiloo, and has their doctrines. Now contrast tho true Ohuroh, tho Body and Bride of Christ, with tho multitudinous pretenders around hor. Look at tho hun dreds of contradictory denominations whioh swarm in tho British Empire and In oomq otihor pai'ta of tho globa. Havo tihoy any of tho marlcH of tho truo Church, Unity, Sana-* tity, Oatholioity and Apostolioity V Surely not. Thoy havo no unity. Tho Greek schism is split into a dozen independent sects without any authority to judge in matters of doctrine and discipline. In Russia they are settled by tho will of tho Czar, in tho Musselman states by tho Turkish Government, Protestantism in all its branches, from its origin, teems with conflicting sects, ever on tho rapid increase. Its main principle, private judgement, tho Bible interpreted by private opinion, in the course of variations, divisions, and utter anarchy. ' Tho devil is amongst us,' said Luther, and soon we shall have many religions as heads, and this anarchy is the fountain head and great force of modern infidelity and agnosticism. Look not for sanctity in those separate sects, I speak not of individuals, but of systems. The authors of the Greek schism, Photins in the ninth century, and Michael Cerularius in the eleventh, had no motive for their separation but blind ambition and lust of power. The leaders and founders of Pro testantism ! Luther, Calvin, Livinglius, &c;, were notorious for their vices. Among the Greek schismatics the clergy are badly trained for their sacred functions, and live in a state of pitiful abjection and contempt ; they receive little or no consideration or respect from the people, and they neither spread nor fulfil the Gospel teaohing. Among Protestants the most effectual means of sacrification have disappeared : absti nence, fasting, mortification, confession, communion, &c;, &c;, Both the Greek schism and Protestantism have rather ob structed than promoted true civilisation, The first has brought despotism upon the East, the second covered Europe with blood and ruins in the sixteenth century, and has ever since been the helper and instrument of the worst foes of Christianity. It desecrated the home, it polluted the nuptial bed, it lowered the dignity of womanhood, it devas tated the school, and stopped the progress of science. In fine, neither Protestants nor Greek schismatics have shown that the action of the Holy Ghost is with them. No examples of heroic virtues, no saints in their ranks at all comparable to the martyrs and missionaries of the Catholic Church, and they have never been able to obtain the sanction of a miracle for their work and their doctrines. They have no Catholicity is glaringly evident. The Greek Church is confined to a part of the East, chiefly Greece, Russia and Turkey, and Protestants are circumscribed within determinate limits, Lutherans in Germany, Calvinists in Geneva and France, Anglicans in English posses sions, All are national and none Catholic. Neither have they Apostolicity. They are separated from the Pope, who is the heir of St. Peter, the chief of the Apostles ; they have a purely human and in no sense an Apostolic origin. Their ministers have no lawful mission, and they cannot say that they have been sent by Jesus Christ to teach and baptise all nations. w « * But oh ! how' different is the true bride of Christ, how beautiful, how pure, how stately and majestic, in her seamless gar ment of unity, her many snowy jewelled vestures of sanctity, her imperial mantle of Catholicity, and her long flowing robe of Apostolicity. ? How glorious her Divinely guided progress through the ohequered course of ages, as she advances through the wide world, leaning on her Beloved, tho very God Incarnate, victorious over a thousand foes, fair as tho morn, bright as tho sun, terrible as an army in battle array, yet withal gentle, and kind, and meek, like the meroy of God, which she bears, while she poura from hor maternal lap upon the sons of men, hungering for the bread of truth and grace, benefits innumerable for this world and the next. Behold and admire the various and noble trains of her wor shippers. She presents herself, surrounded with the moat splendid throng that over attended on majesty. Interrogate that orowd innumerable, and hearken to their unanimous answers. Generations without number, who are you ? We are the nations from oast to west, from pole to pole ; wo are united through her in the same faith, and consequently in the same profession, and so we have hor as tho Holy Oatholio Ohuroh, tho glorious work of the Incarnate God, Mighty BhadeB, who are you? We are ages, the nineteen oonturiea whioh have rolled sinoe Christ walked tho earth, 'From one to another, with voioea whioh none oan silence, we paae our unbroken testimony, and wo say, ? We believe in the one Holy Catholic Apostolic Church, the unique work of Christ.'' Illustrious men of every clime under the sun, who are you ? We are study, science, genius;, we have watched and prayed, we have paled on books, consulted monuments, exerted the fullest powers of our reason, and we have been compelled by evidence to acknowledge the triumphant claims of tho Holy Catholic Church, the everlasting creation of tho God- man. And yo, whoso brow the brightest halo encircles, who are you V Wo are the army of the aaintB ; to hor we owe our vir tues, whioh perfume tho stream of timo, we hail the Holy Oatholio Ohuroh our mother and our quoon. And yo, immense crowds of pale and bleeding, who are you ? We are the martyrs. The world sunk us. sense and sin was deaf to out' words and blind to our virtues, so we spoke with our blood, and our blood eon fronta the world with its sublime profession, we believe in the Holy Oatholio Ohuroh, the mother of heroes and queen of martyrs, On suoh a day as this, in tho presence of suoh a pageant, wo gladly join that oxultant throng of wortmipp'ors. and with the nations, tho ages, with genius, sanctity and heroism, wo proclaim with all our voioo and heart our undying faith in this Holy Oafcholio Ohuroh. Our pride and our joy shall evor bo to Borve hor, to lovo hor, and through hor to lovo aud aorvo Him who made1 hor, and in hor Uvoh and reigun an in His own bride and body manifesting Hlo Kingdom which shall huvo no ond, His inoomparablo oroivtion, bho moHt flnlomlid and irroBiatlblo demon afcrtvtion of Hia Divinity, ? ? * Privileged children of the Oatholio Ohuroh, and atandlng on tho threshold of tho twonbioth ooniury wo may appropriately take a retrospeot of the out-going nineteenth century. All thinkers unanimously regard the nineteenth as marking more than any of its predecessors the commencement and progress of a great evolution of- the human race. Within its oompaes, from 1800 to 1900, man has conquered the earth, explored it, studied it, taken an inventory of all its contents. He holds this realm as the king of creation, converting all things to his service and comfort. Marvellous his progress in the physical and natural sciences—annihilating space, uniting nations, inventing wonderful machinery able to supplant or indefinitely multiply human labour. We rejoice in every scientific disoovery as a hymn to the God of nature. But in the economical, political and social scale, how does the nineteenth oentury man fare ? Here a gloomy picture rises to view. The groans we hear from aged Europe, the limitless armaments, the expensive and exhaustive wars, the sway of brute force over right, the gigantic struggle brewing between the upper and the lower classes of society— all these are clear proofs that, after many promises and many delusions, we are very far from the golden age, the social reign of peace and happiness. In a moral and religious point of view the nineteenth century opened most disastrously. The frenzied, corrupt and error-ridden spirit of the eighteenth century philosophism swept away morality and religion, whioh are the safeguards of civil society, and ushered in the nineteenth century with a fearful disaster. The French revolution, violent, bloody, terrible, overturned the entire social structure, and brought the Cfttholic Church in France to such a state of ruin and desolation that her enemies, drunk with the joy of triumph, flattered themselves that her end was come. But God's action came prompt and decisive. Urged by a mysterious hand, the victorious soldier, Bonaparte, hurried on from Egypt, overthrew the sanguinary Republic, seized the reins of government, and, seeing by an insight of genius that without religion aociety relapses into savagery, reopened the ohurohes, reoalled the clergy and reestab lished the Church on terms admissable by the Sovereign Pontiff. Thus opened the nineteenth century. From the jaws of a revolution, the most fearful in history, Christ drew his Church unscathed, robust and purified by the fire of perneoution. Many have been her struggles durine; the oentury all over the globe ; but many, too, her victories — many the events whioh have oonsoled her children in their dire oonfliot with the world, the flesh and the devil. We may instanqe the emancipation of the Oatho lios throughout the British Empire, brought about by the genius and eloquence of tho immortal Liberator, Daniel O'Connell ; the glorious reign of Pius IX, ; the reestablish meut of the Hierarchy in England j tho Ox ford movement and its harvest of illustrious converts, the Mannings, the Newmans, the Fabers ; the Definition of the Immaculate Conception and the great spread of devotion towards tho Bleased Virgin Mother of God, whioh have merited for this century the name of the 'Age of Mary;' tho Vatican Council and its proclamation of Papal Infal libility ; the triumph of .the Oathoho Ohuroh in Germany over the State despotism, culled by sad irony a fight for civilisation, Kultur kampf ; the wonderful and yet present Pon tificate of Leo XIII., a truly providential man. His eagle eye has measured ' tho diameter of our age thoroughly — its good and its evil, its weakness, its faults, its aspirations, its needs, its praiseworthy in stinotfj — and then has condensed tho action of his Pontificate into one grand harmonious synthesis : to turn all to the service and glory of Gad by enlightening alike the ruler and the subject ; to remove prejudice and seated rancour against religion and the Papacy ; to treat in accordance with tho soundest principles of philosophy and the ology the intricate questions bearing on tho Ohurch and human society ; to paternally recall the scattered flocks of West and East to tho old sheepfold ; to unite without eon fusion reason and faith, science and revela tion, tho intereats of time and those of eter nity. Ho stands out like a lighthouse over our storm-beaten age, tho ambassador of a Higher Power, tho representative of a greater moral force, tho chief teacher pointing out to a world enshrouded in dark uobb the., luminous path of tiue progress and civilisation, Will tho world ? listen to great Leo's voice ? Will it accept his uner ring advice and paternal counsel ? Or will it spurn tho guide and rush headlong into tho abyss ? Time will tell. m ? ? Meanwhile, what are tho Ohuroh'H hopes and fears for tho century before us ? Be sides tho widespread perversion of minds caused by the numerous theories of rational ism, besides tho systematic war waged in several countries against tho Church, God's representative on earth, she has to contend with tho materialistic tendency of tho day. The great discoveries of modern times, tho absorbing interests of industries and com merce, the craving for wealth and tho pleasures of life, the feverish rivalry of nations, have diverted man from God. tho soul, religion and tho immortal destinies beyond tho grave, Hence swarms of sceptics and indifferentists, Add to this the havoc wrought by an ubiquitous, un« bridled, fascinating and corrupt press, in« citing to crime, corrosive of every idea of virtue, justice, reverence and morality. Then calculate tho opposition raised against tho Church from heresy and schism, and all tho means at their disposal. Under tho aegis of powerful nations, and furnished with copious supplies, these two forces will, inch by inch, and on every spot of the globe, dis pute with her the conquest of souls. Lastly, she will have to contend with inveterate prejudice and violent passions, and, perhaps, ere the twentieth century is over, ehe will have to undergo a struggle, cruel, decisive, supreme, not with her enemies severally, but with all of them banded together, under the standard of unbelief and atheism ; for, as the shades of belief are gradually eliminated, men will witness the logical and inevitable formation of two distinct camps — Catholicism and atheism. Great as are these perils, the Church has adequate power from her Divine Founder to meet and overcome them. In view of her splendid unity and her revived vigour, we are not dismayed at her imminent dangers. No doubt the times are extraordinary, and momentous. Profound social and political changes are at our doors. But the Church, with her unchanging dogmas — which are her chief strength—knows how to acoommodate her forces to all circumstances of time and . plaoe, because Her Founder made her for every time and place. She spoke Greek in Athens and Latin in Rome, She taught Goth and Vandal, Celt and Saxon— Bhe civilised Europe. She is the salt of the earth, and the light of the world, and she alone can, and will, preserve the world from falling into a second barbarism worse than the first. In this oountry, at all events, her pro spects, are bright, while her progress has been wonderful. What a contrast between the present state and her lowly, almost hopeless, condition at the beginning of the oentury ! All honour to the founders of this flourishing Australian Church. All honour to the noble Archbishop who to wards the middle of the century ruled the comparatively small flock. All honour to the devoted priests of those days, whoso names are still so familiar and so revered, the untiring missionaries, the men of arduous toil and travel. They planted the mustard seed ; we behold tho mighty, majestic, fruitful tree. They loved this bright Austral land ; they had great hopes in her future, and among a thousand other proofs this day's pageant shows that their hopes have not been vain. She rose before their mind's eye a fair queen, crowned alike with the gifts of nature and the higher gifts of grace. You are realising their fond vision. I venture, in oonolusiou, to congratulate you, my lord Cardinal, on tho achievement of the great object for which you and your pre decessor have worked ao hard and so well. I congratulate your excellent aud devoted olorgy— secular and regular — who have ao' nobly co-operated with their illustrious leader. But how fihall I congratulate in adequate terma tho happy OatholioB of Sydney and the whole arohdiooeao? Great indeed ia the work you have done, and groat accordingly your joy and pride at ita BucooBs, and greater atill will bo your reward. The rich with their wealth, the poor with their hard-earned wageB, tho widow with her mite, you have roared this splendid edifioe for God, for youraolves, for your children, and many generations yet unborn. All honour to your faith and devotion 1 AH honour, too, to thoao many generous and liberal persons of other denominations 'who havo helped to eroot this imposing monu ment, and I aaauro them that God will bleas thorn a hundredfold, for contributing to build this houae of prayer, thia temple wboro Jobub Christ will bo adored and praised, His dootrine taught, Hia Saora mentB administered, and tho principles of Hib civilization proaorved and inculcated. In thoir inmost hoarta they reapeot tho Oatholio Ohuroh and, if hor credentials are fairly not beforo them, they will loarn to embrace and love her, who was - thojiifo and glory of England for over 1000 years. I hail thee, oh young and flourishing Ohuroh of Australia—- ao fitly roproaontod by thia atntoly pile grand, fruBh and now from tho bulldoi'8 hand— I hail theo aa tho earnest and warrant of oountloaa bloaainga for tho future ohildron of mon. And I hope that, in God's mercy, thou wilt long onjdy the leadership of the great Cardinal who now guides thy destiny, and that thy march will bo from victory to victory, until thy final triumph ia consummated in tho land of the living, in tho bright roalms of eternal blias. Amon. The ceremonies lasted three hours, Just boforo tho conclusion hia Emiuonoo tho Oardinal offorod thanks to tho oongregation and vlaitora for tho generosity of thoir gifts. It) was aftor 2 o'clock whon tho outfiide, spec tators saw tho Cathedral doora onoo more open, and beheld tho Cardinal Baying fare well to tho throo govornora. The fine morninc had by thia timo diaappoarod, aud an unploaaant) rain was falling, but ntill a vast throng waited to aoo tho viao-rogal oarringoa drive off, giving thoir Exoollonoloa aohoer in paaaing, Thou tho nobjo procoa aion of oooloaiaatioB passed round tho Cathe dral to the preabytory, tho orowd diaporaod to. their homos/ and tho dedication of tho now portion of St. Mary's was complete. 