THE/ LEAVBNWORTH . ,. CASE. ' He urieamly fingered the back of the ' - ch'air before which he stood, , bu* made 'no reply. ? 'Sit down,' I again urged, fcbis time .with » touch of command in my voice. ? ^ This is a serious matter, and L intend .to deal with it as it deserves. Y oil thave. said before, that if you knew any thins: ' ?which migh© serve to exonerate Eleanove ' Leavenworth from the suspicion under . which she stands, you would be ready to impart it.' 'I said,' he intemi^ted cbldly, 'that if I had known of anything which might ' '???? eerve to release her from her unhappy ? position, I ?hould have spokeni' . ?':..''? 'Do not quibble'' I returned. 'You do know something, Mr. Harwell^ and I ;. ask you in the name of justice, to tell me TvQiat it is.' .'. 'You are mistaken,' he returned, dog gedly, 'I know nothing. I have, reasons, ? perhaps, for thinking cei-tainxthings, but my conscience will not allow me in cold -. rblood to give utterance to suspicions V.( ' '-hich may no+ onl damage the reputa ??'.:'. lion of an honest man, l-ut. .place me in the unpleasant- position of an accuser without substantial foundation for my : accusations.' ? ;- fr£ou are there already,' I retorted ?with equal coldness. 'Nothing can make : . me forget that in my nresence y oil have, denounced Henry Clavering as thft mur derer of Mr. Leavenwor(h. Youhadbetr 'ter explain yourself, Jl'r.\ Harwell.' He gave me a short look but moved 'around and took a chair. ''You have mo at a disadvantage,' be said h- a lighter tone. 'If you ohoose to profit by ? your position and .press me to disclose the little I know, I can only regret the necessity under which J lie, and speak.' 'Then you are deterred by conacien . -, ifcious scruples alone?' 'Yes, and by the meagreness of the i. facts ait my command.' 'I will judge of the factB when I have heard them.' ??'. He raised his eyes to mine., and I was ness in their depths : ?evidenitly his con victions were stronger than his scruples. tcMr Raymond,' he began, 'you are a lawyer and undoubtedly a practical man, but you may know what ic is. to scent danger before you see it, to' feel influ ences working in the air over and about you, and yet be in ignorance of what it . 'is that affects you so powerfully, till chance reveals that an enemy has been at your side, or a friend passed your window, or tine shadowj*f death crossed your book as you read'oi mitagled with your breath as you slept 1' I shook my head, fascinated by the intensity of his gaze into some sort of' response.' ' \ 'Then you cannot understand me or what I have suffered these last three . ' weeks.' And he drew back with an icy. reserve that seemed to promise but little to my now thoroughly awakened curi , psity. ~ . ^ 'I beg your pardon,' I hastened to say, 'but tile fact of my never having experienced such sensations does not hinder me from comprehending the emo tions of others more affected by spiritual ., influences th'aD myself.' . , He drew himself slowly forward. 'Then you will not ridicule me if I say, that upon the eve of Mr Leavenworth's murder I experienced in a dream all that afterward occurred . saw him murdered, saw — ' and he clasped his hands before him in an attitude inexpressibly convinc ing, while his voice sank lo a horrified whisper, ' '©aw the face of his inur ' derer!' I started, looked at him in amazement, a thrill as at tne touch of a g'host run ning through me 'And was that — ' I began. \- ^ 'My (reason for denouncing the man I beheld before me, in the hall 'of Miss L, - Leavenworth's house last\ aight? It 1 was.' And. taking out his handkerchief .' he wiped his forehead on Avhich the per .' epiration was standing in large drops, v (To be Continued.)! \: : 