BRIEF MENTION. Rain welcome. .- Ball nt New Italy .to-night. Sale of ferry leases to-morrow. . Don't forget the regntta next Thursday. Fenwick's new steamer launched last Wodnes- , day. ^ Sharp frosts on Saturday, Sunday and Monday \- Next Thursday promises to be a big day in Coraki. Tenders are called in this issue for tho lease of Beveral ferries. Tho Sarah Hixon and Victoria will follow the race on the 24th. Portion 13 of 08a, parish Ettriclr, has been re served for access. A number of farmers near Byron Bay nre going in for coffee culture. Mr. O'Callaghan, Government Dairy Expert, is now on a visit to this district. Last Friday Mr. Wragge forecasted rain 011 the northern rivers. We got it too. Mr. D. H. War by intends to go in for dairying 011 a large scale at Harwood Island. 'Battle-axe' Copeland has reached London and tnken up the duties of Agent-General. Judge Murray at Sydney District Court de cided that Schools of Arts were not liable to lie rated. Melbourne Royal Agricultural Society is offer ing £100 for a Grand Champion Butter Test prize. Rev. James Hill, a prominent Minister of the Congregational Church, died in Sydney last Monday. Mr. W. M'Millan bus definitely decided to offer himself as a candidate for the Federal Parliament- . ' Within six months the present Government have created over 1000 Js.P., nnd some beauties amongst them. A young man, named Harry Rush, living at Paddington, hanged himself to a rafter in the stable last Monday. , Mrs. Watson, wife of Mr. , Jame3 Watson, of Tyndale, Clarence River, died last Monday at the age of 07 years. Mr. R. E. u)Connor will represent the Govern ment in the Legislative Council as VicePresid ent of the Executive. A number of alioriginals attended the quarterly rally of the Christian Endeavour Union at Wollongong last week. Professor Pepper, of 'Pepper's Ghost' fame, has just died at Leytonstone, England, where he had recently been living. Messrs. Taylor and Murphy, it is stated, made a net profit of between £0000 and £7000 on the Kempsey Bridge contract. Mr. L. Birmingham, of Sandy Creek, on Wednesday last iost a valuable First Water gelding, from water gripes. A lot of the White Rock machinery has lieen trucked at Tenterfield railway station to its pur chaser at Esbank, Lithgow. JFifty Australians, including 16 for this colony, who have neen invalided home, lett uapetown on the 5th May by the Moravian. During a family quarrel at Drowin (Victoria), an hotelkeeper named Patrick O'Keefe shot his brother-in-law, F. F. Cohen, dead. Bill Ross was fined at Lismore for not being within a sufficient distance of his cab to have control of jthe horse attached to same. There is a lnrge gaol lying idle at Cooma, which was erected at a cost of £20,000. What a good thjng for the country it is empty. The hard rock at the artesian bore at Grafton has Ijeen passed and much softer formation en countered. The bore is now down 3004ft. Mr. C. Amos, formerly of Coraki, has lieen appointed bandmaster to Quirindi band. It's about time we hud the local brass band going again. Mr. Janies Westmann, bnt better known as 'Jimmy Patterson,' of Asliby, died in the Maclean Hospital on Saturday nt the age of 77 years. Bishop and Mrs. Green were to leave Armi dale for Grafton last Monday. His Lordship proposes to remain on the northern rivers till the end of July. A requisition is being freely signed in Grafton asking the Hon. John See to allow himself to. 'no nominated for the Northern Districts seat in the Federal Parliament. The sentence of death passed iu Victoria on Ebenezer Miller, for assault on a little girl near Kyneton, lias been commuted to imprison ment for fifteen years. One of the guarantors of the Maclean Roman Catholic Church debt has been notified that a writ will lie issued against him in connection with the debt, which is ovir £2,400. Miss Florrie Mitchell, of Bullina,' is the suc cessful candidate for the position of pupil teacher in the Lower Richmond district. The examin ation of candidates wns held in Wardell. The Crown Land Sale at Coraki advertised for last Wednesday was postponed until 23rd May— much to the inconvenience of intending buyers, some of whom came many miles. Among the passengers by the mail steamer Karsrulie from London are two gentlemen who are coming to Sydney to establish a cigar factory. They are accompanied by 77 skilled hands. At Grafton last Monday a barn, containing 50 bags of maize, farming implements, harness, &c.;, owned by Mrs. Sands, was totally destroyed by fire. It was, fortunately, insured for £100. A man named Longfellow, who claimed to lie related to the poet of thnt name, died at Single ton Inst week from asthma. He was almost a skeleton, and measured lift. 9in. in his stockings. An exchange says ; — Mr. Lyne has a unique record. He has only represented one constitu ency during his 20 years of political life. [Is there any other constituency that would return him ?] Mr. W. E. Oakes, writing from South Africa n n_„ .1, ... 1 — ly ridden, there by Constable Laidmanwns shot in the neck, but is apparently proof against the Boer bullet, for he is none the worse. The Presbyterian General Assembly of Queens land unanimously agreed to a resolution re affirming approvahof the scheme of the union of ;tho Presbyterian Churches of Australia and Tas mania as sent up from the federal assembly. The Singleton Public Schoolmaster gave his senior noya a practical oujeci lesson iu tne manu facture of ice. He took the class down to the local butter factory where ice is manufactured, and I he whole process was explained to them. A curse of Reidism ! A report from Tureo says : — 'The timber industry on the Manning is in full swing, and was never known to be better. All the mills are kept very busy, having to keep a number of people waiting for their material.' Lnrge quantities of goods invoiced ns sardines have recently lieen landed at Delagoa Bay for transmission to the Transvaal. At Spion Kop some of our. men opened what they thought were sardine tins, and found in each tin ten Mauser cartridges. Rentals on the following c.ls. have b'cn de termined as under — S. Lee, 3(SUa, Tooloom, ,'Hd ger acre ; C. Slattery. 120a, Bungabee, 2Jd ; £-. impkina, junior, 100a, Dyraaba, 3j}d ; J. Adam, 60a, Dyraaba, 4d ; B. Carlill, 138a and 142a, Shannon, 4d. A new trial has been granted in the case of Mrs. Davis v. William Newby, heard at last Grafton Circuit Court, in which plaintiff claimed £1000 compensation for the loss of lier son, who was killed at defendant's suzar-mill. At Grafton plaintiff wab non-suited. As an example of tho direful effects of the drought in the Brewarrina district duriug last year, the Government Stock Inspector reports a decrease for the year of 1037 horses, 1476 cattle^, and 367,827 sheep. The present year gives very little promise of improvement. Tam worth Diocesan Council has requested Archdeacon Lewis to move a resolution at the Synod at Grafton next month to tho effect that the Bishop be relieved for 12 months from the strain of diocesan responsibility, and suggesting a trip to Europe in his own interests and those of. the diocese at large. At Grafton last Saturday a young lad named Comerford met with a serious accident. He was engaged charging a pea-rifle when by some means the. cartridge exploded, a portion of the brass fittings striking him in the eye, causing a Severn was found necessary to remove the eye. The Minister for Education in Roumania sent an official document to the ladies' principal of all private girls' school^ which runs: — 'As it has been proved scientifically and by experience that corsets are prejudicial to health, since they hinder development, tlie undersigned commands yon to forbid your scholars to wear corsets.' ' Corporal Deegan, of tlie Victorian Field Artil lery Brigade, writes to tho Melliotiriie Age:— 'Our rotten [made under Protection] Victorian saddles have all gone to pieces. They were a disgrace to Australia. We are now being supplied with very fine new ones by the Imperial author ities, who iu this respect at least can teach us something.' ? ' It is curious to find that there is a country in the world in which it is considered a crime to smoke. Abyossinia is tho region, and the law forbidding tobacco, dates from the year 1642. It was at first merely intended to prevent priests from smoking in the churches, but it was taken too literally, and nowadays even foreigners haw to smoke suu hoha, as if they were still school boys. . - ?' ii.; 