OCCASIONAL NOTES. — Bv Free Lance. I The death of Mr. John Ruskin, the I great art critic, at the advanced age of 80 | I years, removes at last from the intellec- tual firmament oue of the last stars of a I once most brilliant constellation. I say " at last," because in reality Mr. Ruskin has been dead to the world these five and I twenty years— ever since his princely I mind was first overturned. " I have often I wished he had died then," I have heard! one of his most intimate personal friends | remark, as she recalled the painful as sociations of that memorable period. For although reason fitfully returned to its former habitation, he remained but the wreck of his former self, and the divine spark of genius had fled for ever. Now, at length, the full light of the public glare will be speedily let in upon that wonderful career, and we shall be duly I deluged with every kind of remini- | scence, not to speak of appreciations. I Meanwhile Sit' Algernon West's two I nnrf.lw vnlnmpa nf nolitififtl " recollec- tions" comes ont just soon enough to I give zest to at least one very interesting anecdote. It is a ghost story. Says Sir I Algernon — "When Mr. Ruskin was a| young man staying in a valley in Switzer- J land he came upon a field left waste, be- 1 cause, the villagers told him, it was! haunted, for all the children, but not one of we, can see an old woman sitting there under the tree." Ruskin ridiculed the idea, but some time afterwards he left the place and went to a village fifteen'miles off Remembering the story, he asked the family in whose house he lived, whose members had never left their native hamlet, if he might take their I young daughter for a visit to the place he had left. They consented, and he drove her over. - As they approached the field I he said to the little girl, " Your eyes are i younger than mine ; tell me if you can | see anyone.", " Nobody," she said, "ex- Icept an old woman sitting under the | tree." " Well," said he, "what is she i like ? " "I can only see her back ; " and i then suddenly, with a voice of fear, " Oh ! she has turned now and 1 can see her I face, with two holes where her eyesl should be." Sir Algernon got the story from the poet Browning. | j|S $ % A I sfc ;i "sji " I There's an article in the "Contem-| porary Review" for December which will I be interesting to many besides farmers. It is entitled " Animal Chivalry," and is I from the pen of the well-known naturalist, I i Dr. Hutchinson Wood. He tries to show I the "high sense of duty and the keen sense of shame at failure to live up to it" which marks the animal world. He Says: — "ft is only a very morose and ill-tempered dog who will seriously attack young kittens, although they will worry I every full-grown cat without merey. The i custom of defending younger or weaker I | members of their own species is widely | spread throughout the animal kingdom. i Catch a little pig, and the moment its squeal of distress is -heard the whole herd of fifty or sixty full- grown pigs will charge down upon you, bristles up, tusks |gnasbiug, and fierce, barking war-ciy ringing. If you drop the little pig and it ceases to squeal, tne nera win scop, i suddenly stare about them in a dazed and I puzzled manner, and then work off their | excitement by fighting each other. On I the plains the cry of the calf will bring I every horned animal within three-quar- 1 ters of a mile do wn upon you fighting I mad. I I " _ I As for .politeness, animals will teach I their betters excellent lessons. For ex-| ample : " No self-respecting dog will bite J a female, except in the extremest need of I self-defence; though I am sorry to say j the lady herself, as a rule, has no scruple I whatever about punishing, to the full ex? | tent of her power, any individual of the j I opposite sex that happens to be inferior I | to her .in size "and strength. And, in- 1 deed," says Dr. Hutchinson, "like the woman in the crowded 'bus, she isin- dined to demand her privileges as rights. | A vixenish female will make more trouble | in a pack of hounds than any three of the | sterner sex, for whenever dissatisfied |she hasn't the slightest reserve about I annaVinrr Allf. at. Afinft! atlf? AfiiYlAV (MinQA IB I ouuaikillg WWW MV -"""I w | extremdy likely to he championed, upon | general principles, by some chivalrous | male, a free fight is frequently the re- Isult. So strong is this unwilling | ness to strike a female that it really be- | comes a most annoying obstacle in . at? | tempting to clear a neighborhood of wolves, as few male dogs will attack a | she-wolf, or in some rases even follow her | | trail. Savage farm horses that cannot be | worked alongside of any other horse, on laccount of their temper, may safely be | yoked alongside of a mare. Mares, on |the other hand, will attack either horse i | or mere without the slightest hesitation, I but no serious or , retaliatory resistance is i I offered bj the horse." 