FLATLOCK’S GHOST. “Do you believe in gliosis. Hill r" The man thus addressed paused lor a moment, as though doubtful whether to express ail opinion either one way or the other upon the subject, and rc “Can't say. Hookey, for I've never yet sec’d one. Anyhow, I ain’t ugoin’ to say that there are. no such things, for I know of more'll one honest and sober mail who can spin some uneann.y I yarns about the spooks he. has met with; and 1 know they .wouldn't lie about the ghosts any more'll you or I would lie; hut I’d just as soon see a spectre with my own eyes before I tell you that .1 heiieve in the spirit Inisi Tliis guarded reply seemed to satisfy 1 Hookey, who lit his pipe, and took i several bard draws before lie resumed I the conversation. j "Well, unite, the tael, of the matter is this--but. first of all. you must J promise to keep mum, for L’ve got a I good thing on. and we can work it to gether if you like, only the secret must remain between you and me only." j .Hill, wbo seented a [laying job in prospect, promised his eluim to observe the strictest secrecy, and waited for further particulars of the matter under ! consideration. To convey an impiession of (he gravity and importance of t.lte com munication hr was about to make, ilookev smoked slowly and abstracted ly lor several moments before he con descended to gratify the rapidly-in creasing curiosity of his companion. "Do yon know old .Johnson's shanty which siarnN two holds beyond the al leuiieiits-- the [dace with the' big gar den and the walnut-trees:-" Hill replied in the aflirmative. "Well." resumed .Ilookev.- evidently doubtful whether he was doing the right thing in parting with the infor mation. "I've had my eye on that properly for some little time. .I'here's a big mystery connected with the place which we. ought to clear up. lull know how attached old Johnson seems to Ills garden, and what an interest lie has always taken in his crop-: hue now 1 the [dots appear to he going to (be dogs, and the old chap, no doubt, m getting too infirm to look alter things like he used to. Then, perhaps, if yon go back several years, you will remem ber that it was in the same house that 1 old Flatlock. the miser, shelled out, and he. too, was a bit oi a riddle. Me raked in a pretty heavy haul of the pieces while he was at it. and people dii! say. after the funeral, that: it was not a little .surprising that the old screw left such a small sum for the ad ministrators to divide out. Now. A can see through the game. anil-, with a little assistance. .1 reckon to get ul Flat lock's hoard without his represen tatives getting wind of the affair." "What!" exclaimed Hill, with a greedy expression of countenance. "Ho you mean to say you've hit. on an old mocking up the chimney, or have you come ac-iies any missing paper:-?” "Not exactly that.” responded Ilookev. with a knowing wink: ’"hut I've got a pretty good hint, that there's a game worth playing on Jnhii-nn's gar den if we take on (he job before it's too late.” The eyes of the other man sparkled as he guessed the meaning of his chum s somewhat disjointed and obscure re marks. and he asked whether the mat ter under discussion was knmvii to any besides themselves. "Not a .suspicion: there's no one be sides you and I in the swim." "ILow did you get wind of the affair, then : have .von been round Johnson's garden and scented the c-oini-'' .Hookey winced as lie listened to the question put by his friend; and an in voluntary shudder seemed to pass through him as he replied, in a sepulchral tom- of voice: "I’ve seen, a ghost I” ‘'A ghost!" exclaimed the other, be ginning to Wonder whether the mug of beer bail been too muefi for Hookey and hud got. into his head. ,”A ghost! What has a ghost got to do with it A” "It's a ghost that put me on ibe trick." Hookey responded. "I've had to puss round Johnson's place twice lately after dark. The lirst time I saw something white beliitid the wall as L went, by; bill 1 was. too seared to slop. I can tell you, hut when I reached home 1 couldn't help thinking that the | spook was i onnee.tcd with old Flatlock the miser: and it struck me that if this were so. it would he worth the while to make a further acquaintance wiili the churchyard party. I plucked ini courage next night and passed the house at a pretty late hour: there was a white ligtire leaning over the wall and pointing distinctly info the gar den. I took the tip. as yon may guess, and. if I’m not very much mistaken, we have only a little digging to do ni order to get at old Flat lock's scrapings. That's how it strikes me. Dill, anil if you think the game’s worth the caudle, wo'll do the thing between us. and cry halves over the proceeds.” The prospect of a rapid acquisition of wealth left no hesitation in Dill Hasland's mind as to the desirability of accepting Hookey's liberal proposal. The possible rencontre with a super natural entity was the most disagree able feat urc of the undertaking in view: hut this drawback was scouted by both men when they weighed against it the probable lincliug of a buried chest es timated by Ilookev to contain a thou sand pounds or move in hard cash: and. alter all, as Hill reminded his chum, who appealed now and then to exhibit traces of nervousness, the ghost was without doubt friendly inclined, or lie would have singled out some oilier per son for the distinction of nnearthing the buried treasure. “To-night’s the time for starling.” Ilookev went on, after replenishing his mug. ‘-The sooner wo start the better, or someone else, perhaps, may get in first- and spoil the whole job. rl he night's about right, too: there’s just enough moon on for us to see what we're up to. and we sha’n't run the risk of giving ourselves away as wo should do if we had to use a lantern. We needn't bother ourselves about old Johnson; lie sleeps in the front of the house, and is as deaf a- a. brickbat. We can fake it in turns to watch flic road outside for anybody who may he pass ing.” The two men thereupon left the mn, and after paying a- hasty visit to their respective homes, they procured a spado apiece, and with a sack' each under their arms, they proceeded in tlio direction of the haunted garden. They were licit a, little relieved lo find that the ghostly tenant was not in evidence. Summoning up 'courage requisite for the purposo they vaulted over the wall, and made a hasty ex amination of their .surroundings. “Seems that I’m just a trifle out of iny bearings,” whispered Hookey. “Can’t say exactly where it was that the vapoury party pointed; hut I reckon that the big tree in the middle looks ns likely a. place- as anywhere?” “We’ll make a start close to the trunk. You just keep your eye up aud down the load while 1 turn up '.some ground.’ ” G’asland did as lie was hid. anil . Hookey commenced digging carefully round tlic big yew tree in the centre , of tho garden. The result of n few minutes’ labour disclosed nothing in the nature of buried treasure. Hookey then tapped the trunk of the tree, which proved to he quite solid, and evidently was not the liiding-placc of Fiatlock’s hoardings. Several other trees were then selec ted by tho energetic inoncy-liuuter, with a similar result. The more likely angles of tlio wall wero next subjected to a rigid examination; but Hookey had again to acknowledge bis failure to locale the whereabouts of his quarry. ‘•Hero, Bill, you'd belter lake a turn now with the spade. I can’t hit the right spot from memory. I wish the ghost would turn up and do the ‘sign post’ business again. You’d better try your luck while I keep sentinel on the In response to Hookey s jerked-out sentences Gasland jumped into the gar den; and. with the former on the look-out for chance strangers, the search was continued for another hall hour or more, but nothing of import ance was brought to light. .Halt* the garden had been turned orer. and the indy parts left- uudug were the open beds. These were then subjected to the joint attacks of Gasland’s spade and an old crowbar which Hookey had discovered near the outhouses. The sk.v was gradually becoming overcast, and at- there appeared to he no possibility of interruption, the watch, on llm" thoroughfare outside was given up, while hotli men set to uork in real earnest in order to finish their work of excavation during the short space of time St their disposal. Knowing that they would have no op portunity lator on of prosecuting their search, tin; iWA worked like veritable demons, until there was lmrdl.v a square fool- of garden left for examination. The clock from the village boomed out the hour. It was considerably later than Hookey imagined. .Mutter ing sundry condemnations on evor.y bodv in general, and on the memory of idd Flat lock and the ghost in par ticular. he climbed the wall, and made lor home, followed by his equally dis gusted partner. "It's a bit awkward.” said Bill Gas laud. as lie took the arm of his chum, •'that wo should have spoilt our chances of having another look round hv leav ing the traces of our search, luit I’ve no" doubt there's nothing Jo be found on dollnspii's premises. Mark my word, though, .1, should say the swag's on the j outside of Hie wall all the time, mid j ns soon us old .1. will have lorgotteu j about Hie turning orer of his garden, we'll make another inspection—that is. if (he spook doesn't give the tip away to someone else.*’ A lew days alter the nocturnal ex cavations in Johnson’s garden had taken place, the mystery was suddenly cleared up by old Johnson himself. Jle had been imbibing himself somewhat freely, and, finding himself in a rather more communicative frame of mind than usual, lie let out the .secret to a friend of (lie midnight adventurers. "It wasn't n had ruse of mine,” ho said, the garden was running just about wild, weeds everywhere. I) couldn't attend to it; the rheumatism kept me indoors, hut the place had to he dug over, and T just Hied the trick as a spec'. The white sheet and the laths did the work well. I remembered something about the T’lntlock’ yarns, and f reckoned that Hookey, when lie had to come by after the ‘puli' was closed, would see the guy and take the hint, tie saved me a, week's work in a single night, and il won't take long now to level the plots and get the Tile stoiy .soon spread, and became the general topic of conversation in the village.. The necessary consequence followed, and it was not until a con siderable period of time bad elapsed that. Hookey and his chain .Bill Gaslund were able to escape 11 if persecution which they bail brought upon them selves by their midnight search after I'latlock’s (imaginary hoard. 