IN THE DARKEST HOUR. STORY OF THE BOER WAR. ? IN THREE PARTS. ? * PA'RT III. Airs. Norrif centiirucd her story by saj ing . . .. ? ' ?,:.Qn the ptorriing- of the; birthday the dog cnrt-vrassenffo tlio siation to mefet. tho enrliest ' train nikl;' iF' tho young? [ynllrmna. wasn't in that; tho groom vjaV to wait til! ho did come. ? But tho hours passed, «nd the company arrived, and poor Mr. Eyreton had to go out arid make excuses to the neighbours and te-nants, and iiear the, speeohes. Still . , Master Frank didn't come ; and I could hear tho people saying how odd it was'; and tho master got right down angered. However, we servants hoped as he would come in time for the ball and make . things right ; but ho never came. '? 'Well, bit by bit the evening wore through and the' dancing gavft. over; The company left, and, when all was gone, I went into the ball-room to shut it up, and see as all was safe and the lights out. I had it all done, and just-' my candle in my liancT, when it came to' ;? my mind as the shutters of the middle window ,:weren't barred, and I turned back to see to it. .Tust then there. .was a noise as of some one outside it,' and I says to myself, ' There's Mr. Frank 1'' I can't tell how I knew ; but I did know. . For one thing, he often came in that way, the window being low aud opening to the ground. So' I went forward just as he threw back the shutter, and there he was 1 1 Oh, Master Frank, my boy !' I- cried; and just then, hearing the noise, in comes the master J , .'-Well, I can't tell you the scene there was then. Master Frank told as how, fearing his father would, find some way to stop his marriage, that very day, seeing he was one-and-twenty, and nothing could, be said, he had gone and marriecLthe young lady he had spoken of. It seems he thought to slip in and bring her forward before all the company, \- thinking his father, for shame's sake, wouldn't say a word. But there had been a heap of delays,' and a- train, missed; and, 'when they did' arrive,.' it was so late, the house was dark-and the company gone. So then he' thought,1 if' he could get in unbeknown, h'e'd find me, apd get me to make his peace. And thero the young lady was standing behind him — a poor, pretty, timid young girl. Oh, but you looked like her the; first night you came ; and often now you remind me of her I ' Maybe, if Master Frank's plan had succeeded, and the poor young thing had once been introduced as his wife, ... tho master might have made the best of it and cooled down, for sbatoe's sake', before the company ;. but now he was furious. He would hear nothing, right or wrong; and, though I begged 'him; on my knees to.have them in, if only for that night, he . swore that nisider-Ms; house they never should set foot. Poor Master. Frank! He had counted too far on*' his father's love.. He turned white, and made an oath in his bitterness as he would never ask again for forgiven ness, or seek his father's face,'. He just put his arm' about his pale trembling ?young wife and turned away off into the darkness. ' I tried to follow, but the master wouldn't have it. ' ' Let them go !' says he. ' I'll never see them more !' 'Poor man, he never did I He repented after, when, before the year was \- out, they were both dead ; and he tried hard to trace their little child. . I; think her people kept the baby away for pride, for he could never find it.' ' Did you never know more about her ?' I ask. «'?' Who was she ?' ' A Miss Hartley, from Farmcroft in Yorkshire.' ? ' Farmcroft 1' I exclaim. 'My people come' from there ; and Hartley was my ' aunt's maiden name. But it is so common in that part.' 'Yery like,' says the old woman, regarding my face with attention ; 'still it wouldn't be strange now if you was a, cousin of some sort. I never saw; thei poor young lady but that once ; ,bu£you. .»? did remind me of her strangely as -you?. \- stood at the door that first night 'you'' catnei' ' ' . ; ' ? ?: ? ? . .* ? .* * . *. * Mrs. Norm does not leave me tilF'I am in -bed and: JUave given . her my! promise ? to sle£p like a good child. I have every.:intection of keeping my word ; but at (irst;no artifice.?' will win oblivion. I have had a headache, all day. The night is hot. I am feverish and excited by the news I have received of Frank, an excitement ' whioli Mrs. Norris's.tale has temporarily diverted, ' but not dispelled. On the contrary, my imagination has been roused ; and, as* after weary tossing, drowsiness at last steals over me, the Frank of her story and iriy husband get mixed up together in feverish half-waking dreams. , r .V The picture downstairs comes back to my mind. v- '.Xiibe Frank aftersome bad ? illness.' ; It must be like him now then. ? His father wasv cruel lo him — fe. -? Eyreton that is-^would' he be' good ' to Frank when-he comes home? 'Will^EV \- come? It'iayaV.week sinco he wounded at Mafeking. . If he were alive ho would write... :i: , ; . Then comes un.eapy slumber, and with ' it come horrible. ^earns—Frank lying; dead, and I kopt iway from my last sight of him' by Mr. 'Eyreton; Frank ?aUve, but wounded. ^nd'. in pain, trying' to crawl to me, .wjiile some invisible '? barrier keeps us apart ; Frank im prisoned by hia uriele in the desolate room .below— no-7iiot' Frank— the pal e-i faced image of my husband.- The, door . is-Iooked ; Mrf Eyreton never enters iti; Frank does not come to me! I awake, terrified ? aud bewildered.; Dreams and reality, ate bo entangled in if. my, confused braittthat I caiiriot separate them. 'Vaialyl.strivo. to reaeou av/ay ? lay vague fears; If ;]?rank : were in the . room below, I must 'have seen him the ? last time I ; was down there. It was only ? ? that dreadful picture. Well, I will go tmd seo. Half ashamed of tins foolibh impulse, which nevertheless I Am ftonstrained in some strange fashion ta-pbeyiil rise and throw on some clothes.;; Aa l; am about to leave tho room,' I j'emoinber the child. Some evil may happeijr to'.hiiri while I am gone, suggests ali: excited brain. He may awake frightened, Jfsays struggling reason. ;Snatching|;up a thiok shawl, I wriip.it round him ASd take him in my arms.. The littlo -fellow wakes, and~I hush his wondering cryi Satisfied that he is with; me, he «beys my- injunction to be silent, and nestles tlgSvji in rhy arms. The moonlight makes' the corridor as light as day. Cautiously- I, pass along it and descend the^wide low- stepped stair lease. Pliayo.forgbttefi to -bring a. light, 'but it is'nofc neoitedv' £ We' traverse the hall and pause fiefoTaj'tlj.e .door of the old drawing-room. ;? The handlo.is stiff, and a sliglit d i ifi -/U Ity . io :{u tn Ln g it rouses mo ^roui'rii^sf.'i^SDgsgnfi-soninambulism. j- For oife^i^eriiejilgtljeiuiter iFolly of my errand ov«rtvh^ig3ftB.e. VVhat idiotic Fancy bl-otiglit me'piovlinj; Sown to: the hall jn ,- jilie' small' hours ;j)E; the night, drag£ip^:iriy baby from,his warm bed to wander along draughty . passa'ges ? But- here £401;; and,' being here, I will I [enter, the room, look -rOund, 'and quiet oncet and fcr-ever, my excited fancy, then go sensibly baqk. to bed.' Turning the handle, I pass; the threshold and stand just-'inside tha'ojJen- doorj -t- ' . Though knoWing the room- to be un obstructed by furnitiirp, I hesitate to advance; An unreasoning' dread of-' the ;dark ' is constitutional with some persons.. I have been subject to' it' from -a child, and, 'thougb-th'e mopn shines in through the door frotrrthe hall, her rays scarcely light the grpat empty rootiu ,There is a dim unbearable twilight. See that picture I must before I retrace my steps ; therefore I: stand -irresolute, lamenting iny stupidity in not bringing either lamp or candle^. ; ''' ' ^Idari;diBtiJiguish the-picture's position, for the' m'bonbeams have -marked.out the tainished ..fr^ine; with a: line of light. Suddenly,- aS . I' gaze; the lino widens, widens slowly ' till , the whole frame stands out against the dark wall: Turn ing with ah involuntary shudder of fear to discover the cause of this phenomenon, I see that the shutters of thei window which I opened on my first visit to the room are slowly moving back. ' The. wind — nothingmore. Be brave !'' I whisper to my beating heart. ; The., moment they are noiselessly pushed .farther apart ; and there, in the open window, with only the low half door between us, stands the figure of the picture — the white face, with its strange dreadful likeness to my husband, the blue cloak thrown round one shoulder all, all tne same I My, heart stops beating, the darkness sefems closing round me. My little Frank,- wiiose innocent heart knows ?nothing of .spiritual terrors, sees the likeness, '.'.and, stretching out his arms, .call? — ; ' ; . ' 'J.'apa/papa;' I clutch? hint; tightly to my breast, ?tnyn, try -to?Sy, . and aink .down in a, swoon. : j* ? : ?' - . * ' * * * * When I come to myself, I am lying on the bed in my own room. The night lfght burns steadily on the dressing table;. little Frank lies sleeping in his cot. ' Gradually the horrors, through whioli I have passed recur to my mind. W ere they indeed but a bad dream 1 Am I ev»n yet a\vake„? - Asking myself- this question, I try .to irise in bed in order to' look round the room and assure myself that all is real.; .To my surprise, I am unable to move ; my strength has vanished, fit is certainly -a dream,' says I inentally.. ' Such helpless feelings are common in dreams.' I fall' asleep again almost immedia tely ,j-and when next I open my eyes it is :Jbroad day,'. I lie quiet for some time, ;with not even the wish to move as the incidents of the preceding night pass ibjbfore my mind. It was but a dream, of cfturse;; but how( distinct, how vivid 1 And;, even if but a dreairi, what may not its portent be? Did that pictured semblance of my husband descend' from its frame to warn me -of Frank's fate? My child called to it, stretched out ;iiis little arms to leave me. Will he too be' summoned to join his father in the land o't spirits P Is there indeed a blight on all who bear the name of Franpis Eyreton? Strange to say, I think all this out quite calmly. It stirs no feeling in me of sorrow .or of fear. I seem. to have lost energy even for grief. At last I notice that the child is not in his cot.' It must be late. - Doubtless Mrs. Norris has dressed him and taken him out.', I try to rise, anfl fail as before. What is this weakness? -I must not arid will not give way. A desperate: effort raises me to a,' sitting posture, and, in risings something 'catches my eye. ^Over a chair, half hidden- by the curtains of .-the::bed, ljes blue clOak, such a man's, ['cloak ; as |is ;pdrtrayed-.in' the, picture '.below and figured ixi -'. my- . dream last iiight. 1 , '; , ; v ' ; i Aj sudden' courage nerves mjr. weak ness. I will know the truth of- all this. With trembling hand outstretched- I touch it. It- is'-no ? garment;, of fan tasy, ' but solid blue, cloth ; and, as 1 -examine it further, I notice buttons the-dBvico of which is not unfamiliar to me. ' 'Surely no ghost would adorn, its raiment with the crest of my husband's regiment I Ab I stare in' fonder 'iit- the well-known sipn, a slight rioiso attraols my attention. Who is this rising from the fire8ide chair and stepping'forward towards me ? The face is pale indeed, and one arm is resting in a sling-jlbut, even as jny senses fail, tho face b'ent'over mo'with such a look bf tenderness, ;the loving well-romem-' bored yoigerttejl all. No ghost, no spirit from rftw|ier world, could have sg real a presence. Oh,. Frank, my own Frank 1 - Ai?v Yes, it ia all true; he in here. Days, have passed, andi'we havo fully discussed bptr storie^'iTfffy all make a-great fuss dvpr me, ajii.tre^t me.assan.invalid , but my strength *is 'returning r^ery fast, though they . tell we there were two long days betweetf'tHlraighfc thatErank found-, me swooning in the old drajy.ing-room and the morning:.^rlwB'sI w^We ? to 'recognise hip bid Lancer .^Oafe lying at the foot of my bed. ; '?* - ,. He and I:havq_had much to tell each other. My st«^ hii8 beeitgiVen. andhis may.be told: shortly; He was wounded at the siegb of- Mafeking,; ond lay ill in , the' hospital for dw.H and weekSj too ill to hearior know'ttnytni^g. Whenhe began to recover, arid reflected how long. I had heen without news, he'was frightened, at the thought of mytirri^ietyi and longed to scrawl, if it wero but'one line ; arid he did make a left-harided atteinpt, but I sup rpose there was sojpj Jii stake, for I never received it. ' . ja . ? Then came tidirigs'fhat ho was to bo invalided home— joyful news in oho .way, brit saddened 'by Jhe^doubt as : to his wounds ever allovviofj-him to serve again. He travelled day and night to join me. My lettcrB having always lieon choerful, '.lio know nothing of tho peculiarities o£ my lifo at tho Court, and oaine straight on thn night ho-arrived in Euglaiul, never hoediug the lateness of the . hour till ho arrived at tho Sloughbury Station iand, found it im possible to prooure a*: conveyance^'. Ho walked, loBt his way, and reaohed the houso quite tired out, to Hud all dark and .110 .sign of Hie or wakefulness! Hoping to see a light in some servant's room, he wont round to -the. othor side of the houso, climbed tho low pleasure-ground wall, and then saw that ono of tho windows of tho old drawing-room was open and tlie sliuttors ajar. (It must havo been tho window I opened m'ysolf on tho day of my exploration and forgot to olose. Lucky for ua that tramps and burglars are so rare in Slough bury 1) Ho determined to try whether ho could' not got in and spend the night in some, arm- ohair, or even on tho floor, wrapped in his oloat. ~ As ho pushed open' tho shutter he saw little Frank and ma standing in the moon ?light,-»nd hoard.tho baby voice call to him. Ah, my baby's' innooenco, that feared neither ghoot nor goblin, was quickor to greet him than alljuy anxious love 1 As.I fell, Prank sprang in and tried to raiso mo with the arm he had freo ; and; as ho was . bending ovor me, the door oreaked, and, looking up, ho saw old Mr. Eyrotou, who had roused by the noise of my fall, and had oomo to discover tho oause. Frank says that tho old man suddenly started back. I think ho must have taken us for tho ghosts of his lost son and the -young wife he had so cruelly turned away in tljat very room so many years before. But littio Frank burst out crying and ran up to him, and then began to pull him towards me; and tho sight of the ohild and the touch of the littlo hands, seemed to rouse him and mako him comprehend all. ' He -throw himself down beside mp, and oried to me to wake, to live, and lot him 'mako atonement for his oruel wrong to the dead. . . Frank ^as muoh.mystifled, and did not. know hoW:tq end tho scene. He could .not lift mo, without help, arid old Mr. Eyreton seemed quite incapable of rendering any. At last Mrs. Norris, who really has been a good genius £0 mo in some ways, was alarmed by the noise, and hastened to. tho room. Onoe her first astonishment was - over, she proved a inojst efficient help, and I was carried to my bed; The noxt day Frank and Mr. Eyreton had a long talk and explanation; which resulted in inquiries being set on foot about my relatives. This morning I was thought sufficiently strong to be made acquainted with their issue. Wonderful! I oah scarcely believe it! Is it possible that I — tho, little unknown girl whusd obsoure parentage has been the scorn of Frank's own people — ia it possible that I am Mr. Eyreton's granddaughter, the child of his unhappy son ?- . Mrs. Norris has told me of the father's tardy repentance and unavailing effort to trace the littlo orphan. I know that my likeness to the poor young wife has often struck -her, aB well as Mr. Eyreton. I know that from my earliest years I have been brought up under an asBumed name, . and that no questions of mine' over availed to dispel the cloud of mystery that hung over my parentage. It seems that Mr. Eyreton has suspeoted the trnth since the day that he met me in the hall below, and asked ine about my relatives. Some soruple 'of feeling always stayed him from entering on the subjeot with me ; but the conversation with Frank —who. knows as muoh or as little of my people as I. do myself— gave him the due to th6 mystery and supplied the link that has always failed him in the chain of his researches. It is quite proved ; and I, who entered thia house with fear and trembling, now find myself its cherished mistress. ?And my grandfather? He is quite changed. His love for me was born out of pity, for my sorrows and loneliness even before-he Buspebtod my identity-; now it' knows ;no bounds. His old fanoy for solitude and seclusion is gone; he is not happy save with me and my child. We are all to leave the Court for a. short time, and give, it -over to the hands of renovators under Mrs. Noma's superintendence. All the plans are brought to me and Frank, and we have' long - consultatfons with my dear grandfather over the improvements. .When all is settled and put in train, we shall go abroad till the repairs and altera tions are finished ; and, on our return, 'Mr. Eyreton talks of Frank leaving tho Army, and our settling here with him. ' I do not know how ' that will be ; but Frank's wound, though going on most satisfactorily, Tiiay not allow of his return to aotiye service, and I cannot bear to think of our being parted again. But, however such plans may turn Out, I think that here amongst all this happiness for the present and bright hope for the future I may well end this reoord of what will, I trust, prove to have been the darkest page in my life.' Frank says he was quite right about my 'mission;' but I' say it was the laddie's doincr, not mine, for 'grandfather' took to him first. More— Frank's own people are ' coming round' by degrees. ' , No doubt it was through the war break ing out in So&th; Afrioa that grandfather, granddaughter, great- grandson, uhole and nephew were 'brought together to love and oherish one another. Truly, it is an ill ?^ind that blows iiobody any good. '? Tins Enj-. 