SIIREDS A:0 PATCIHES. BY ARGUS. "Who was Jacob?" asked a teacher at a Launceston Sunday-school re cently. "I know," said a little bright eyed boy. "He is the man that makes the oil-'cause my mother has a bottle of his'n." A young Launcestonian came run ning to his parent a few days ago, ap parently in great agony. "Father," he cried, "I have a terrible pain." "Where? where?" asked the anxious parent. "Just where my legs and body are joined together" was his description of the locality. The morning following "Pretoria." Indignant mistress to her groom, whose face bears evidences of strife "James, I'm sorry to see you have broken the pledge again." "No, mum, you're mistaken," was the reply. "I was only a little 'intosticated' last night-the demonstration, you know. Then the beastly cat comed down the chimbley after I went to sleep, and did play. up with me face-he did so, mum". The Japanese are intensely pro British, and 'the men-o'-war sailors of their nation whmo weie in Melbourne during theo Mafeking celebration had an uproarious time. They were "shouted" for right and left by enthusiastic Britons, and invariably prefaced each drink with-"Ah, wellee-here dam ol' Kluger." The war poet is ,harder to conquer than the Transvaal, and, like a section of the Boers, some have sworn terrible oaths to write poetry to the bitter end. IHere are two verses, the best out of a poem containing twenty, forwarded. to my distracted editor this week: Pretoria's now taken, Up goes the flag; Kruger's knavery is shaken, His flag's a rag. "Bobs" and Kitchener, Up goes the flag; There's no hitch-in-her. They do not lag. Tassies were in it, So up goes the flag; Brave Cameron this minute Is game as a stag. There's French and Tom Price, So up goes the flag; We'll have Kruger in a trice, And won't we be glad. I understand that the poet gave vent to the verses I h?ave quoted after having filled himself to the brim with the spirit of patriotism on Wednesday evening. Oem Paul, like a defaulting thealtrical manager, has cleared out and left most of his company-including his "old Dutoh"-strandned. • Prior to quitting Pretoria he pocketed the "takings" and any other small change he could place his hands on. Now the company are crying out because "th'e ghost hasn't walked, for some time," while Oompty in his safe position near the back door slaps his capacious pockets and "winks th;e other eye." Patriotism with the ancient one begins and ends at Num ber One. One day during the week two police officers in plain clothes were escorting a respectably dressed individual from the express train to a certain establish ment in lower Patterson-street, when an. energetic lodging-house tout stopped them with a request that they should iry "Mrs. So and So's elite boarding 'oe?ablislhment." "Too late, old man,' replied the prisoner, "rooms have been secured for me in another boarding hjhuse on most liberal terms for the next two months at least." The tout, failing to grasp the situation, uttered a civil "thank 'ee, sir," and directed 'his attention to another bunch of pas senlgers. 'ihe Chinese, it appears, have developed quite a formidable army of pulgilists, led by an orange- coloured John L. Sullivan, whose name is pro bably Ah Stoush or Knoc Out. They "biffed" the military in a single act, the regulars failing to come up to time, and thus earning the unenviable repu tation of cocktails. I have not heard if the "Boxers," as they are called, adhere to Marquis of Queens berry rules, or if hitting below the belt is permitted,but at any rate they appear to have a pretty effective way of going to business. Tlhey have taklen on all the European Powers, and are prepared to meet any other aspirants to the "ring" who may come along. On Thurs day last I interviewed the Celestial meroahaut who supplies my household wni·th vegetables as to the history of the "Boxers," but all the information I could elicit was:--"Box, allee same bag. Cabbagee no sellee in box, p'tatah sellee in box, three penny, slick penny; what you want?" I camne to the conclusion that John was not a close student of the affairs of his Emoire. The following conversation between two elderly ladies took place on "Pre toria" night in front of a Launceston hotel while both were listening to the City Band playing "See the Conquering Hero Comes." First lady, in a dole ful voice-"That is for the dead sol diers in South Africa." Second lady -"I thought that was a part of the Dead MVarch. Isn't it sad?" He was an enthusiastic loyalist of the exuberant type, and he had gone to the Albert Hall meeting on Wednes day prepared to cheer everything and everybody, but his lack of discrimi nation nearly led him into trouble. It was when the Chief Secretary was speaking and' had been recapitulating the events of the war that he got most excited, and 'waved the flag he was armed with with a contemptuous disregard of the feathers in the hat of a stout old party behind. The dlia logue ran thusly:--Chief Secretary "On February 27 Cronje eurrcndered." Hurroo! "On the next day Ladysmith was relieved." Hurroo! Hurroo! "On May 29 Johanncesburg was cap tured." Hurrcc! "And on June 5 Pretoria." Hurroo! three times, with, an exhibition of flag singlestick. Then the Chief Secretary went'on-"The Boer:s said they could beat the Bri tish." -Hurroo! This gave the stout old party her show, for she got home a thru?-t with her umbrella in the small of his back, and yelled, "No they didn't. You're a houer yaurse'f." And it took him to the close of the Chief Secretary's spcech to explain that the exclamation had slipped out "unbeknownst." Put. the flag was quiet for the rest of the performance. 