" ANGLICANUS." PRESS OPINIONS. ("CHURCH STANDARD." SYDNEY, JULY' 21.) Who Is "Angllcanus"? In one of tho daily papers he has constituted himself the exponent of all matters connected with tho Church, and his ipso dixit ho would iraposo upon au intelli gent body as a panacea for all the evils by which she is surrounded. The question is asked in all earnestness. He has taken upon himself to pass condemnation, and that with no unsparing hand, upon bishops, clergy, and laity. lie has, been spying out tile land, and has brought back an evil report. Now, the value of all testimony de pends upon tho character of the witness, and. therefore, tile question is again asked, who is "Angllcanus"? Ho lias shielded himself under a nom do plume, and behind this ltopje, as with smokeless powder, makes an attack en what ho considers the unsatisfactory conditions of Church life. Anonymous attacks are contrary to British feeling and British prestige, especially those which, by Innuendo become personal. Anony mous writers covertly declare their opinions. If the name wero disclosed, one might have an opportunity of Judging what amount of consider ation they deserve. Thero aro many such who would make even the religious press a vehicle of circulating unfounded attacks upon both clergy and laity, but when requested to attach their names to the correspondence they have de clined to do so. In some cases personal pique, disappointment, severance from the Church aro causes of this hostility. Without alleging that these causes have influenced "Angllcanus," yet there is always a suspicion in the niiuils of others that there is somo secret spring, some hidden motive, which provokes such wholesale con demnation as that contained in his correspond ence. Ho takes up in his article No. 1, "The Position and Prospects of tho Anglican Church," und gives a general survey of the situation. In tho first naracranh ho does not hesitate to sav. as if ho voiced the whole body of the Church, "How ever satisfied those who guide tho destinies of the Church of England in New South Wales may bo with her condition, those who regard her from an eminence less lofty than that on which a canon or archdeacon Is placed are utterly dis satisfied with her condition, and look In vain for the hopeful sign on the ecclesiastical h.orizon." Now, in this paragraph, "Angllcanus,"' by» In nuendo, which cunnot bo mistaken, lias given some clue to the motivo which has influenced him, and that would appear to be a personal one. Continuing his remarks ho says, "the most numerous and wealthiest of the denominations in New South Wales, sho has not only failed to impress others with her mission, but also to maintain her own position." It is truo our Church is tho most numerous and tho wealthiest of all tho denominations in New South Wales, but it is not correct to say that she has failed in hor mission, and also in maintaining her position. Much, indeed, has been left undone that ought to havo been done, but if "Angllcanus" would refer to statistics, he would find that the Church in New South Wales is continually extending her bqrders. The formation or more parishes, tho division of others on account of Church develop ment, the building of mission and other churches, and tho onthuslasm In missionary work (never more displayed than at the present time) afford abundant evidence that thero Is 110 stagnation, no falling off, and his statement Is an unjustlfiablo reflection upon those who, to uso his own words, guido the destinies of our Church. Most of the Bishops have evidently taken to heart, he says, tho prophetic advice that "that thoir strength is to sit still." If it is a prophetic voice — It it Is their strength to sit still, they do right to wait tho Lord's leisure — thoro are times when it is tioedful to stand still and see the salva tion of the Lord. It would be well If the Illvlno injunction were more heeded, "Judge not that ye bo not Judged." and a further Scripture which sulth, "Who art that thou Judgclh another?" Fault-finding is not yet ended. The clergy aro referred to as "lcadorless and undisciplined." "Many of them hnve no conception of the Church and her mission, and aro but sorry expositors of her teaching." Grave reflections, indeed, leador- lcss, undlBclplinod. ignorant. "Tho low standard of the clergy has becoino a bye word," and then "Angllcanus" proceeds to mako the remarkable statement, "a low standard breeds a low desire and paralyses tho affection and onorgioa of tho soul." Ho meanB, evidently, a low. intellectual standard— and ho holds this > ; ; as sufficient reason to cause deadnces in the spiri tual life, forgetting altogether that It is God tho Holy Spirit vorkctli in us, and produces that change of heart without which no man shall see the Lord. "Angllcanus" is treading on for bidden ground in making such an assertion, as cribing to man a prerogative which belongs alone to God. Again, — Is it reasonable to expect cultured and capable men to stek holy orders and spend their livesMn the sendees of the Church on wages which an efficient mcchauic would refuso? Such an expectation is not reasonable or desfrablo. "Ar.glicanus" hero made it a matter of business, and thinks high remuneration for services ren dered would be au incontive to cultured and capable men seeking holy orders. Men moved by such considerations are bettor out of the ministry than in it. We do not boHove any of our clergy are so influenced, and it is difficult to ccuceive how any intelligent mind could advance such sordid reasons. God-fearing men, men set apart by the Holy Ghost, as all ministers should be, for this sacred office, are willing to spend and bo spent in the service of Christ, and instances are not wanting where some of her noblest, most cultured, and pious havo given up all worldly prospects and ambition, to become "Ambassadors for Chrisf-followers of tho meek and lowly Saviour. In tho early part of a lengthened correspon dence, "Angllcanus" says that the clergy aro what the bishops mako them. "It is "no uso hurling charges of neglect and indifference at the laity; they are just what the clergy have mado them." It is with something aklu. to relief that tlio writer turns from the rudo and uncalled for attacks on tho clergy, to bring under notice what he has to say of the laity. His statement is absolutely childish and erroneous. To assert that the laity are what the clergy make them is to suppose that Uiey arc, as In another Church — priest-ridden — and that their spiritual life de- pends on the clergy: that tncy navo no win ot their own, and suffer themselves to be led about as dumb creatures under the control of the rector of a parish. It is with much reluctance that the writer of ilmso notes has taken upon himself tho respon sibility of answering tho wholesale attacks of "Angllcanus" on the clergy. His remarks on the laity have needed but little comment. The clergy are not supposed to defend themselves against tho insinuations of an anonymous writer who charges them with dereliction of duty and unfitness for office. They eon well afford to preserve a digni fied silence. But ItHcoms forced upon the writer, who bus watched Church development in tlio colony for the last fifty years, and has marked with thankfulness its growth— one who has been much in contact with our clergy, and therefore can speak of their work and their zeal in tho Lord's service, to stand up and protest against tho charges mado against them. At tho present timo the majority of them are earnestly seeking tho spread of Christ's Kingdom on earth, ami , for these "Angllcanus" has no kind word. "Inns- i much as yet have done it unto one of the least of ; these my brethren, ye have done it unto Me." Thero is great need to keep in view the Saviour's words, "Cast out the beam out of thine own eye, and then almlt thou see clearly to cast out tho mote out of thy brother's eyo." 