MACBETHS, PAST AND PRESENT. (BY WILLIAM HOLMAN.) X porformnuco of "Macbeth." on the scale of the present production at Her Majesty's is an ©vent which suggests somo searching of one's stage recollections for precedents. Few plays afford greater scopo for variety of treatment, from the standpoint of either acting or stage management, and among the succession of his toric presentations of the play which it has been my own good fortune to witness, I have seen the widest range of effect, and success attained by the most divergent methods. It was to he expect ed that when a manager of Mr. Hankin's reputa tion for generous staging should attempt a play giving so much scope for spectacle that various new points of interest should be evolved, nor havo these expectations been left altogether un realised. There are several points in the staging of "Macbeth" which are known to old profes sionals as recognised cruxes, and it is not un profitable to compare recent handling of them with older ideas. Thus, one of the most difficult problems in the range of stage management is tho arrangement of tho banquet scene. The difficulties aro something like those of tho tri angular duel in "Midshipman Easy." It is necessary for the audience to see the Ghost, for Macbeth to seo it, and, from a tragedian's stand point, it is also necessary for the audience to see ! Macbeth. Koan and Irving, whoso solution of this problem was the most satisfactory, used to sit buck at tho ccntro and see Banquo's ghost rise out of a pillar on their right, near the vacant chair and close to the front of the stage, lloth these actors excelled in depicting terror, and Irving in particular used to receive the shadowy apparition with a shuddering ecstacy of fear that induced a responsive Lrcuior in his hearers. Com pared with these, Mr. Hankin's arrangement, while new and not unconvincing, is cramped ami ineffectual, and gives only a poor chance for the tremendous linos which greet the spectre. I havo seen a ghost of substantial build rise out of the lloor and take his place beside the guest, and iu the English provinces the usual method is for tho intruder to walk in and out as required. But that was in a cruder time. In bringing tbe wounded officer into the King's camp on a litter, Mr. Rankin has improved on xuoro familiar methods, and the idea is an ex cellent piece of stage management. The strik ing and, to me, entirely novel business of Lady Macboth's reception. 01' King Huucau is also beautifully done. My own recollections of tho play go back to Charles Kenn, who, though inferior to a greater father, remains one of the pillars of English stage tradition. Koan thought no effect of the drama too small to be overlooked, nor any too great to be attempted. His productions were sill noteworthy for historical accuracy in the dressing and furnishing, for Wish expenditure on rich scenic effects, as well as for his own close study of every situation. Among innumer able accomplishments, he had one in a very high state of perfection, the effects of which aro hard ly, I fear, to bo rightly estimated by the modern playgoer — I mean swordsmanship. AVo hardly ever see a well- planned, well-executed fight upon tho stage now, and the present generation, which has occasionally seen a couple of tragedians de livering a few unconvincing chops on each other's ©word-blades, can hardly realise the effect to bo obtained when masters of the art, apparently fighting for dear life, presented it realistically on tho stage. Angelo, the great swordsman, who perfected the science of the small sword, was then the finest living maifre d'escrime, and Kcan was oue of his most successful pupils. He studi ed it, of course, not 6olcly for this rolo, but for many of his famous impersonations. The re markable fight with1 which he wound up Act 5, and into which ho introduced the celebrated "business" invented by his father, was one of the popular features of tho play. It has hitherto been the recognised plan to conclude tho final scc-no with this single combat. The battle tab leau given us by Mr. Rankin is a bold and strik ing spectacular effect, but it is doubt ful whether the experiment, for it is an experiment, is, on tho whole, justified by results. Exeunt Macbeth and Mac duff fighting is, no doubt, strictly in accord with "tlfe book," but then such directions date from a time when curtains and side scenes were un known, and wero, as a matter of fact, necessitat ed rather by the need for clearing the stage thau by auy artistic reason. ICean's production was full of his characteristi cally subdued force; he was seldom declamatory, but one never missed a word of his telling periods. When, descending from Duncan's chamber after the murder, he rejoined his wife, and, fixing his glittering eye upon licr, almost hissed the words, "I've done the deed," a visible shudder used to go through the audience. No other actor of my recollection has been able to obtain such an effect from that line, which is one of the most difficult iu tho whole of Shakespeare to deal with with any adequacy. Of equal fascination with ICean's Macbeth was tho Lady Macbeth of Mrs. Koan. the legitimate successor of Mrs. Siddons. Associated with the famous pair were Ryder as Macduff, and in the part of Malcolm a sterling actor well known to Australians, James Cnthcart. Two other remarkable. Irishmen who have been the peoplo's idols in the premutation of Shake speare's usurping Scotchman were Barry Sullivan and Charles Dillon. The Macbetbs of these con temporaries stand out in my recollection as amongst their giant performances. Barry Sullivan was a man of unconquerable energy and powerful voice. Tall and imposing in figure, and making up handsomely for tho part, a reminiscence of his style and method can be suggested by imagining Miss O'Neil herself jn a masculiue transformation. What she is among women, ho was among men. His was not a subtle reading of the character — his readings were markod by vigor rather than subtlety — but was a very satisfying and manly performance. Better even than the suggested resemblance to tho Lady Macbeth In our midst, if local compari sons aro to be permitted, would be one with Mr. George Hignold's Macbeth, which, in its robust ness, earnestness, and vigor is not without points of likeness t.o that of Barry Sullivan, though tho older actor, true to tbe traditions of his school, would have shuddered at the occasional colloquial touches of Sydney's favorite. As with Charles Kean, so with Barry Sullivan, tho combat in act 5 was one of the features of the play. Lacking somo of tho elaborate pic- turesqueness of his predecessor, with whom a combat was a psychological study, ho was yet a truly terrific fighter. In combat his Irish blood ran away with him. Ho attacked his mimic foes' with the most fren zied earnestness. Indeed, the Macduff's of his day wore openly scared by him. I myself, a "ju venile" at that time, though ambitious enough, would liavo required very great inducement to play Macduff to Sullivan's Macbeth, or Richmond to his Gloucester. Old London playgoers will re member he eventually did injure one of his Mac- duffs— Harry Sinclair, associated with him in his later seasons. Tho name of Charles Dillon bar. not obtained such world-wide recognition as that of Kean or Sullivan, but in some respects his genius over shadowed even theirs, iu such sublime creations as Bclphegor, Lear, and Coriolaiius he was the classic of tho drama. Off tho stage, however, lie was a somewhat shiftless and indolent Bohe mian, whom lack of ambition and general care lessness drove eventually into obscurity quite out of keeping with his powers. The Charles Dillon who visited Australia many years ago was his eon, known in England as Charles Mlddleton. Dillon was no Charles Kean in his preparation of Macbeth; indeed, his dressing was clumsv and careless to a degree. His was not the kind of mind to attach much importance to externals, and though his rendering as a whole lacked the artis tic value gained by close study, he vet played It with immense power, and iu the pathetic lines of the part was almost matchless. Dillon had happy moments, when, for puro emotional intensity, ho easily eclipsed all rivals, and many of these oc curred in his Macbcatli. I shall never forget the tremendous sensation lio nightly created when, from the braggart demeanor of confidence with which ho annouueed his "charmed life," on hear ing Macduff's "Despair thy charm, etc.," ho would collapse iu a paralysis of superstitious fear in tho reply:— "Accursed be that tongue that tells mo eo, For It hath cowed my better part of man. . . I will not fight with thee." and again, under Macduff's vaunting, "Then, yield thee, Coward," ho would turn on his as sailant with despairing courage and tigerish fury till ho lay in death at the avenger's feet. An audacious break from traditionary methods, it will readily be believed, was shown by the great tragedian of the present time— Henry Irvirg— as I remember him in "Macbeth." Ir ving, it ha© always been said, is not suited to robust parts like Macbeth, but in spito of all protests he essays such — and draws the public. The three actors whose characterisation I have touched on, though differing conspicuously In many rospects, yet wore alike in rendering pro minent tho warrior in Macbeth. It was the fighting man of a rugged, semi-civilised age they depicted,' tho stern man broken down by physical causes, and in spito of tbo superstition of his nature, not visited with many compunctions, tremors, or repinings. Irvlng's Macbeth was a more spiritual presentation. Mental distress In its severest form — the workings of remorse — Nomcste, from the outset, dogging the footsteps of the unscrupulous thane and his partner in his crime — thoeo things wero presented with con vincing distinctness. If tho function of Art is to "point a moral" then li ving's was unquestion ably a most Rtlmulating performance. On his first appearances in the part under Mrs. Bateman's management at the Lyceum, Irvlng's Lady Macbeth was Miss Bateman, and in her he had an actress who fully sustained his own splendid conception, of tho play. No one who ©aw thom would forget (he striking effect they obtained in many oven of the minor situations. One effect in particular which I have never seen reproduced in their hands wn» the silent misery of both in their interviews with Banquo. After giving biin tho invitation, Lady Macbeth crept to the side of tho king, speaking no word. For a long minute they stared in wide-eyed misery at on© another, anguished hopelessness Jn her ges ture, tragic dread in his. : Their rendering was filled with such imaguin- ilve points From tho moment of the attainment of the crown, Irvlng's "Macbeth" manifested that deep conviction of tho worthlcosness of all his gains expressed in tho famous lines in the last net. His was a haggard, conscience-stricken man, showing the ravages of nights of sleeplessness In his pallid countenance, and in a ©ubtiy suggested nervousness of manner. Irvlng's metaphysical treatment was almost without exception severely condemned by the press, but In spite of scathing censures he con tinued in his departure from orthodox methods, and was justified by the support of the public. U is easy to understand how tho analytical spirit of the ago revelled in such an interpretation. Nor. indeed, is it difficult to understand how the critics stuck to the old traditions. The splendor of the lines In "Macbeth," makes it par excellence a play for bold elocutionary treatment, and Irvlng's more broken methods were distasteful to mnnv. In later time©, Irving lias revived "Macbeth" on the samo lines with Ellen Terry in Miss Batomnn's part, and with no waning of popular favor. Sinco Irving, I have aeon Her mann Vezin;s scholarly portrayal of the part, but as I was taking part in the performance my self. I have no exact, remembrance of it as a whole, such touches of the acting as do live in my memory being those of his colleague Miss Gene vieve Ward, who was undoubtedly a very fine Lady Macbeth. One of Mr. Rankin's successes in the present production is tho scene in the easLlc, which compares favorably with any old-world production I recall. But why, In the court-yard scone, is the entrance to Duncan's chamber al most out of sight? The great point of Macboth's escorting Macduff to the king's dour, of his agi tated waiting outside for the first indication of the, discovery and of his inane chatter to Lennox in the meanwhile are all hidden from the audience by the arrangement adopted. And yet they arc points almost impossible tio over valuo in the hands of a tragedian equal to them. Apropos of this ceene, too, the omergence of Macbeth from tho chamber before the murder, disturbed apparently by the presence of Lady Macbeth In the courtyard, must bo condcfuned as a minlnterpreUUlon. Tho lines run: — Macbetli (within): Who's there? What ho! Lady M.: My husband. Macbeth: 1 have done the deed. Dost thou uot hear a noise? Lady M.: I hoard tho owl scream and tho crickets cry. Did not you speak? Macbeth: When? Lady M.: Now. Macbeth: Ae I descended. Luly M.: Ay. Macbeth: Hark! Who lies in the second, cham ber? Lady M.: Malcolm and Donalbain. And Macbeth, going on to describe tho horror of his deed, says "There's one did laugh in 's sleep, and one cried 'Murder!' That they did wake each other." Acting on these very puzzling words, Mr. Ran kin comes out into the gallery to ask "Who's there?" — a thing forbidden by the text, even as it stands. If he -speaks at all, ho speaks "with in" — not in tho gallery. My own belief ie that he decs not speak at all; that Macbeth (Macb.) is a misprint in an early edition for Malcolm (Male.), and that Malcolm, whom Lady Macbetli describes as sleeping in tho socond chamber, is the one who calls. Why should Macbeth ask "Who's there?" lie knows Lady Macbeth is there, and he distinctly says, too, that he did not speak. But these and other doubtful points are for the commentators. While the actor fulfils his busi ness of giving us a satisfying conception, on a whole, of Shakespeare's llesn and blood charac ters, we must not cavil at an occasional textual lapse. 