IN THE DARKEST HOUR. STORY OF THE BOER WAR. IN THREE PARTS. PART IH. Mrs. Norris cnn« i'^iod her story by .faying:— .Wv..\ ' On the morning of the birthday the dog cart was sent to tbe station to meet the 'earliest train; and. if tlie young gentleman wasn't in tliaf, the groom was 1o wail till he diH conic. But the hours passed, and the company arrived, and l-oor Mr. Kyreton had to fjoijoiit ;and : make excuses to the neighbours nili term n Is and hear the speeches. Still Master Frank didn't come ; and I couia hear the people saying how odd it was; and the master got right down angered. However, we servants hoped as he would come in time for the ball and make things right ; but ho never came. ?Well, bit by bit the eveniiig wore through and the. dancing .ga^e over. The company left, and, when-'all was gone, I went into the ball-room to shut it up, and see^ as all was safe and the. lights out. I had it all done, and just my candle in iny hand, -when it came to my mind as the shutters of the, middle window weren't barred, and X turned back to see to if . Just then .there was a noise as of some one outside it, and I says to myself, ' There's Mr! Frank I* I can't tell how I knew ; but I did know. For one thing, he often came in, that way, the window being low and opening to the ground. So I went forward just as he threw back the shutter, and there he was ! ' Oh, Master Frank, my boy 1' I cried ; and just then, hearing the noise, in comes the master! ' Well, I can't tell you the scene there was then. Master Frank told as how, fearing his father would find some way to stop his marriage, that very day, seeing he was one-and-twenty, and nothing could be said, he had gone and married the young lady he had spoken oh. it seems he thought to slip in and bring her forward before all the company, thinking his father, for shame's sake, wouldn't say a word. But there had been a heap of delays, and a train missed ; and, when they did arrive, it . was so late, the house was dark and the company gone. So then he thought, if he could get in unbeknown, he'd find me, and get me to make his peace. And , there the young lady was standing behind him — a poor, pretty, timid young girl. Oh, but you looked like her the First night you came v and often now you remind me of her! 1 Maybe, if Master Franks plan had succeeded, and -the poor young thing had once been introduced as his wife, the master might have made the best of it and cooled down, for shame's sake, before the company; but now he was furious. He would hear nothing, right or wrong ; and, though I begged him on my knees to have them in, if only for that night, he swore that' inside his house they never should set foot. Poor Master. Frank! He had counted too. far on his father's love. He turned' white, and made an oath m his bitterness as he would never ask again for foreireu ness, or seek his father's face. He just put his arm about his pale trembling young wife and turned away off into the darkness. ' I tried to follow, but the master wouldn't have it, ' ' Let them go !' says he. ' I'll never see them more !' ' Poor man, he never did I He repented after, when, before the year was out, they were both dead ; and he tried hard to trace-their little child. I thiuk her people kept the baby away for pride, for lie could never find it.' ' Did you never know more about her ?' I ask. ' Who was she f ' A Miss Hartley, from Farmcroft in Yorkshire.' 1 Farmcroft !' I exclaim. 'My people come from there ; and Hartley was my aunt's maiden name. But it is so common in that part.' 'Very like,' says the old woman, regarding my face with attention ; ' still it wouldn't be strange now if you was a cousin of some sort. I never saw the poor young iady but that once ; but you did remind me of her strangely as you stood at the door that first night you came.' ***** Mrs. Norris does not leave me till I am in bed- and''')iave given, her iny promise to sleep like a good' child. *?'*'' 'Thave every intention of keeping my word ; but at Grst no artifices will win oblivion. I have had a headache all day. The night is hot. I am feverish and excited by the news I have received of Frank, an excitement jrhicli Mrs. Norris's tale haB temporarily diverted, but not dispelled. On the contrary, my imagination has been roused ; and, as, after weary tossing, drowsiness at la«t steals over me, the Frank of her story and my husband get mixed up together in feverish half-waking dreams. The picture downstairs comes back to my mind. ' Like Frank after some bad illness.' It must be like him now then. His father was cruel to him— Mr. Eyreton that is — would be be good to Frank when he comes home ? Will he come? It is a week since he was wounded at Mafeking. If he were alive he would write. Then comes uneasy slumber, and with it come horrible dreams— Frank lying dead, and I kept away from my last sight of him by Mr. Eyreton; Frank alive, but wounded and in pain, trying to crawl to me, while some invisible barrier keeps us apart; 'Frank im prisoned by his uncle in the desolate room below— no — not Frank— the pale faced image of my husband. The door is locked ; Mr. Eyreton never enters it. Frank does not come to me ! I .awake, terrified and bewildered. Dreams and reality are so entangled in my confused brain that I cannot separate them. Vainly t strive to reason away my vague fears. If Frank were in J.lie room below, I must have seen him the last time I was down there. It was ouly that dreadful .picture. ? Well, I will go and see. Half ashamed of this foolish impulse, which nevertheless I am constrained in some strange fashion to obey, I rise and throw on some clothes. As I am about to leave the room, I remember the child. Some evil may happen to him while I am gone, suggests an excited brain, He may awake frightened, says struggling reason. Snatching up a thick shawl, I wrap it round him and take him in my arms. The little fellow wakes, and I hush his wondering cry. Satisfied that he is with me, he obeys my injunction to be silent, and nestles down in my arms. The moonlight makes the corridor as light as day. Cautiously I pass along it and descend the wide low- stepped stair taBe. I .have forgotten to bring a light, but it is not needed. We traverse the hall and pause before the door of the old 'drawing-room. The handle is stiff, and a slight difficulty in turning it rouses me from my Btate of semi-somnambulism. For one moment the utter folly of my errand overwhelms me. What idiotic fancy brought me prowliug down to the hall in the small, hours of the night, dragging wy baby from his warm bed to wander along draughty passages? . But here L am ; and, being here, I will cnler the room, -look- round; ?and quiet once and for .ever my Jexcitod fancy, then go sensibly back to bed. ^Turning the handle, 1 pass the threshold and stand just inside the open door. Though knowing the room' -to 'be un obstructed 4-y furniture, I, hesitate to advance.-'iln unreasoning dread bfSthe dark ' isconstitutional with some persons. I have Tjeenjjsubject to it.-fron^ a child, and, though'the^obn shines wi^througli the door from the hall, her rays scarcely light the great empty room. There is a dim unbearable . twilight. See that picture I must before! retrace my steps ; therefore I stand irresolute, lamenting my stupidity in not bringing either lamp or candle. '-, I can distinguish, the picture's position, fp'r tbe mooh beams have marked out the tarnished frame with a line of light.; Suddenly, as I gaze, the line widens,? widens slowly till the whole frame stands out against the dark wall. Turn ing with an involuntary shudder of fear, to discover the cause of this phenomenon, I see that the shutters of the window which I opened on my first visit to the room are slowly moving back. 'The wind — nothingmorc. Be brave!' I whisper to my beating heart. The moment they are noiselessly pushed farther apart ; asd there, in the open window, with only the low half door between us, stands the figure of the picture — the white face, with its strange dreadful likeness to my husband, the blue cloak thrown round one shoulder — all, ail the samel My heart stops beating, the darkness seems closing round me. My little Frank, whose innocent heart knows nothing of spiritual terrors, sees the likeness, and,- stretching out his arms, calls — 'Papa, papa:' I clutch him tightly to my breast, turn, try to fly, and sink down in a swoon. ***** When I come to myself, I am lying on the bed in my own room. The night light burns steadily on the dressing table; little Frank lies sleeping in his cot. Gradually the horrors through which I have passed recur to my mind. Were they indeed but a bad-dream? Am I even yet awake ? Asking myself this question, I try to mean bed in order to lo^k round the room and assure myself tliat all is real. To my surprise, I am unable to move; my strength has vanished. ' It is certainly a dream,' says I mentally. ' Such helpless feelings are common in dreams.1 I fall asleep again almost immedia tely, and when next I open my eyes it is broad day. I lie quiet for some time, with not even the wish to move as the incidents of the preceding night pass before my mind. It was but a dream, of course; but how. distinct, how vivid! And, even if but a dream, whnt may not its portent be? Did that pictured semblance of my husband descend from its frame to warn me of Frank's fate '? My child called to it, stretched out his little arms to leave me. Will he too be summoned to jom his father in the land of spirits ? Is there indeed a blight on all who bear the? name of Francis Eyreton P Strange to say, I think all this out quite calmly. It stirs no feeling in we of sorrow or of fear. I seem to have lost energy even for grief. At last I notice that the child is not in his cot. It must be late. Doubtless Mrs. Norris has dressed him and taken him out. I try to rise, and fail as before. What is this weakness ? I must not and will not give way. A desperate effort raises me to a sitting posture, and, in rising, something catches my eye. Over a. chair, half hidden by the curtains of the bed, lies a blue cloak, sucb a man's cloak as is portrayed in the picture below and figured in my dream last night. A sudden courage nerves my weak ness. I will know the truth of all this. With trembling hand outstretched I touch it. It is no garment of fantasy, but solid blue cloth ; and, as 1 examine it further, I notice buttons the device of which is not-unfamiliar to tpe. Surely; no ghost would adorn ^ts raiment with' the crest of my husband's regiment! As I stare in wonder at the welt-known fiien, a slight noise attracts my attention; Who is this rising from the fireside chair and stepping forward towards meP- -The face is pale indeed, and one arm is resting in a sling ; but, even as my senses fail, the face bent over me with such a Jook of tenderness, the loving wellTemem bered voice, tell nil. No ghost, no spirit from another world, could have so real a presence. Oh, Frank, my' dwn~ Frank I ? '?. ♦ * * * ? Tes, it is all true; he is here. Days have paBBed, and we have fully discussed our stories. They all make a great fuss over me, and treat me as an invalid , but my strength is returning very fast, though they tell me there were two long days between the night that Frank found me swooning in the old drawing-room and the morning when I woke to recognise his old Lancer cloak lying at the foot of my bed. Ho and I have had much to tell 'each other. ' My story has been given, and his may be told shortly. He was wounded at the siege of Mafeking, nnd lay ill in the hosp'tal for days and weeks, too ill to hear or Unow anything. When he began to recover, and reflected how long I had been wiHiqttt news, he was frightened at the thought of my anxiety, and longed to scrawl, if it were but one line; and he did make a left-handed attempt, but %_ sup pose there was some mistake, for I never received it. Then came tidinns that he was. to be invalided home— joyful news in one way, but jsaddeued by the doubt' as to his wounds ever allowing him to serve again. He travelled day and night to join me. My letters having always been cheerful, he know notbinuyOf the peculiarities of my lifo at tbe Court, find came straight on tlio night he arrived in England, never heeding the lateness of the. huur till he arrived at tbe Sloughbury Station and found it im possible to procure a conveyance. He walked, lost his way, and reached tbe house quite tired out, to find all dark and no sign, of life or wakcfulneee'. Hoping to see a light in some servant's room, he went TOund to the other side of the house, climbed the low pleasure-ground wall, and then saw that one of tbe windows of the old drawing-room was Open and the shutters ajar. (It must have been the window I opened myself onihe day of my exploration and forgot to close. Lucky for us that tramps and burglars are so rare in Slough bury I) r Ho determinetl to try whether he could nut get in and spend the night in some firm-ebair, or even on tbe floor, wrapped in his cloak. As be pushed open tbe shutter he saw little Frank and me standing in the moon light, and beard the baby voice call to Mm. Ati, my baby's iunocence, that feared neither gbost nor goblin, jtas quicker to greet iiim than all my anxious love ! As I tell, Frttck sprang in and tried to raise me with the anii he had free ; and, as he was bending over mo, the: door creaked,' and, looking.np, he saw old/Mr. Eyreton, -who bad roused toy the noise of my fall, and had oonie.4o discover .the\cauee. . 3?rank says that the old.rn.aii Buddonly started back. ? J tbink he must have taken us for the ghosts of iiis lost son and the young wife he had bo. cruelly turned away itfthat very room bo. many years before. But little Frank burst out crying-and inn up to him, aud then began to pull him towards .me.; and the, sight of/the child and the touch of thp little. hands.Beemed to rouse him and make him oomprebeuds-all. ? 'Ho threw himself down; beside me, and cried to me to wake, to live, and let him 'uuike atonement for his cruel wrong to the dead. Frank was much mystified, ' land did not know how to end the scene. He could not lift me without help,' and old Mr. Kyreton seemed quite incapable of rendering any. ,A.t last Mrs. Norris, who really has been a good genius to me in some Ways, .was alarmed by tbe noise, and hastened to the room.. Once her first astonishment was pver, sho proved a most efficient help, and I was carried to my bed. The. next day Frank and Mr.'Eyreton had a long talk and explanation, which resulted in inquiries being set on foot about ray relatives. This morning I was thought sufficiently strong to be made acquainted with their issue. Wonderful ! I can scarcely believe it ! Is it possible that I — the little unknown girl whoso obscure parentage has been the ecorn of Frank's own people — is it possible that I am Mr. Eyreton'a granddaughter, the child of bis unhappy son ? Mrs. Norris has told me of the father's tardy repentance and unavailing effort to trace the little .orphan. I know that my likeness to the -poor young wife has often struck her, as well as Mr. Eyreton. I know that from my earliest years I have been brought up nnder an assumed name, and that no questions of mine ever availed to dispel the cloud of mystery that hung over my parentage. It seems that Mr. Eyreton haB suspected the truth since the day that he met me in the hall below, aud asked me about my relatives. Some scruple of feeling always stayed him from entering on the subject with me ; but the conversation with Frank — who knows as muoh or as little of my people as I do myself — gave him the clue to tbe mystery and supplied the link that 'has- always failed him in the chain of his researches. It is quite proved ; and I, who entered this house with fear and trembling, now find myself itB cherished mistress. And my grandfather? He is quite ohanged. -His love for me was born out of ptty for my sorrows and loneliness even before be suspected my identity ; now It knows no bounds. His old fancy for solitude and seclusion is gone ; he is not happy save with mo and my child. We are all to leave tbe Court for a short time, and give it over to the hands of renovators under Mrs. Norris's superintendence. All the plans arc brought to me and Frank, and we have long consultations with my dear grandfather over the improvements. When all is settled and put in train, we shall go abroad till the repairs and altera tions are finished ; and, on our return, Mr. Eyreton talks of Frank leaving the Army, and our settling here with him. I do not know how that will be ; but Frank's wound, though going on most satisfactorily, may not allow of his return to active service, and I cannot hear to think of our being parted again. But, however such plans may turn ~6ut, I think tb.it here amoiijrst all this happiness for the present and bright hope for the future I may well end this record of what will, I trust, prove to bare been the darkest page in my life. Frank says he was quite right about my ' mission ;' but I say it was the laddie's doine, not mine, for ' grandfather ' took to him first. More — Frank's own people are ' coming round ' by degrees. No doubt it was through the war break ing out in South Africa that grandfather, granddaughter, great-grandson, uncle and nephew were brought together to love and cherish 'one another. Truly, it is an ill wind that blows nobody any good. The End. 