THE FAMOUS WHITE LADY- 1 The Berlin correspondent ot tha ' Daily Telegraph' writes, — Ws hava not baud of the famous ''White Lady ' of the Castle of [ Berlin for a long time, and a vet; good thing too, every loyal Prussian will say, for her appearance, aooording to a legend of tba Prussian Boyal family, alwaya forbodea tha death of some member of the House of Ho hensollern. A few weeks ago, however, a lacquey attached to the imperial court was summarily dismiaaed for averring that he had seen ber I Funnily enough, a young sub lieutenant, who happsned to be on duty, de clared tbat ha too had seen tba dreaded spectra walking along ona of the oorridora of tha caslla, and he informed bis oolonel, who put him through Us faaings, and cross examined him ia the most aerious and polite manner possible, himself thinking Iba inci dent extremely uncanny. Tha upshot of the cross-examination waa that tbe gallant colonel could gat no satisfactory information or explanation oat of hia subaltern, so he ended by believing tbe atory. Everybody at court began talking about tbe reappearance of tbe ' White Lady,' and so the Kaiser got to hear of it. Hia Majesty is not a man to let himself be befooled, so be sent for the lieutenant. Tha terrified sub altern entered the imperial presence obambar mora trembling than when hs saw the ghost; bis Majesty, however, took no notice of bia quivering lips, and treated the matter jocularly at once. Tbe foliowiog interroga tory ensued Kaiser: What waa the lady like? Waa aha tall or abort? Lieutenant : She waa tall your Majesty. Kaiser : How waa aha dreased ? Lieutenant: She wore a white pettiooat1 your Majesty, wllb a white bodice, and she had a white eep on her head— a long white veil flowing over all. This seemd olioamataatial enough, ao tbat the Kaiser began Io think there most bs some hing interesting at tbs back of the atory. His Majesty continued, after the briefest .poasibla pause ; Was she oarryiog anything? Lieutenant: Ob, yes, your Majesty. Kaiser: What did abe have in her right hand ? Lieutenant : A candlestick. .. Kaiser And what was In her left hand ? Lieutenant: A box of matches. This quite did for Kaiser Wilhelm, whose aenaa of humour was immediately tinkled, j Hs burst out into roars of laughter, to tha dire astonishment of the youog warrior be fore him. '?Well, that will do,' said the Kaiser, at last, kindly but firmly. 'Don't let ma hear aoytb'ng more about the ? White Lady ' ' Then, with a knowing look, hia Majesty dia misaed him aa follows: ' 'And take my ad vice. Don't peer about in corridors, for you might often see ladies there at nigot attired in white pettlooats and bodices.' 