SYDNEY AND KIJIil'RRAN REFORM " LEAGUE. PETITION FOR AMENDMENT OF TIIE EARLY CLOSING ACT. to tul editor. Sir, — Tho public may well ho pardoned for believing that there must exist a great deal ot dissatisfaction with, the present Early Closing! Act, ill view of flic recent notification in your w-idoly-read journal that two 'petitions, represent ing tradespeople, shopkeepers, and citizens, and liearlna between 11.000 and 15.000 Khrnn.tureH. had beon presented to Parliament by tho leader ot tbo Opposition against tho compulsory closing clauses of tho said Act. That this Is tho feeling the few members of th.e Sydney and Suburban Reform League wish to create In the minds ot tho populace, wo can well conceive, and if we did not interposo there: is a possibility that they . might succeed in tholr purpose. It 13 not our Intention to ombellish this letter with many instances of the Interesting methods thp.t wero resorted to iu order to induce thousands , lb affix tbolr names to their entreaty for the old order ot things In ' respect to the late closing of shops to again pre vail, One, we consideiv wilj suffice for the pre sent. "Yes, madam," replied a wcary-lcgged and tongue-tied canvasser, in answer to an utterance, "I consider it -was about lime the poor creatures had some relief from lira. bondage of long hours; you aro quite right. But by signing this you will not, I assure you, deprive the shop-asslsta!nts ot one moment of tholr present leisure. Quite tho contrary.:-'. My league considers 51 hours is '.quite sufficient for any employee to work in: any ono week! -What about tho balf-lioirday?'"Read for yourself what- it says, And that each- employee shall be allowed a half-holiday in each week.' " "But," he continued, "you don't surely object to a small shop, kept by a poor widow, being allow ed to open after G o'clock, do you ?" Naturally, any person, when so appealed to on the spur of tho moment, did not; aiul thus another name was scored, as had been a multitude of others. Ono can well picture, or in Imagination espy the fnco of the sly humorist sollcitor-of-namcs expanding Into a laugh, on every such occasion us ho. turned to pursue tho even tenor ot his ways. . The fore going narration may serve to show that tho inference drawn, or tho impression left, on tlio minds of the many who signed the petitions wa3 false. And, consequently, our friends and co workers, and all who sympathise with us in our distress, and now rcjoico with, us in our freedom, heed -feel no unduo, depression, or -imagine that there has taken place a revulsion of feeling. Further, there is likewise no reason for any ono of our 'well-wishers to envy the momentary exul tation of our antagonists at the success of their efforts. Antagonists may seem u rather unkind titlo to give those who to-day consider GI hours per week sufficient for a fellow-being to labor; but If in reality they are our welhvisli.crs, tho conversion has been so sudden that we may well be forgiven if we are slightly suspicious of their good Intentions, and even bo excused if we cry with a loud voice in perfect unison, "God save us from our friends." The shop assistants, In their own interests, of which they have a very aeuto .sense, are well . satisfied -with th.e present Act, and will to tho utmost of their power opposo any amendment -as embodied in the petition of tho S. and S.R.L. .'How ' considerate' it appears — 5-t hours per week. But, reading between the linos, this, means tho closing of shops at whatever timo the proprietors desire. Just by way of argument, say an cmployeo starts work at 11 a.ui. This moans/with an 'hour tor dinner, iind, mark well, unother tor tea, that he or she would leave work at 10 o'clock at night — In short, the last stato would be worse than tlio first. A glorious and humano amendment! I-Ieavcn save ' the mark! We look upon the wliolo thing as a nasty, bitter pill, nicely sugar-coated, which, IC swallowed, would purgo the present Act of all its privileges and blessings, and resurrect tlicso grim ghosts of a dark past — open shops after 6»o'clock p.m. How such were , tolerated, how they weathered the Indignation of a discern ing, reasonable, and humane people, tor so long a period1 is ono of thoso curious; puzzles that -can not be solved. Be that as it may, we haye too long suffered the Injustice of late hours. JVo . Kynip.-it.hiau too deeply with the weaker members of our organisation, tor memory will recall tho over- worked stooping figure, that complained not in langu'age, but whoso weary eyes and- colorless complexion reminded one of a choice plant, cased ; In an uncongenial atmosphere. For us to abate ono jot of our Inflexible resolve to fight on against any alteration that means not tho compulsory, closing ot shops. In this determination thoso two petitions notwithstanding, wo enjoy an al most universal support and sympathy, a - sym pathy which wae exhibited In overflowing con gregations ot men and .women in tbe largo balls of tlio metropolis and suburbs, a sympathy that was expressed from almost every puipit in New, South Wales, sympathy that was forcibly! demon strated in the hollow defeat of tlio president ot tlio S. and S.R.L. when he ventured to . contest tlio late vacancy tor tho constituency of Phillip. But why multiply instances? So great, so power ful, is the force of public opinion in tho matter that those few who aro against tho present Act have not dared to call a public meeting in tho Town-hull of the city to protest against Its com pulsory clauses, and tliey can only venture a step in opposition in tlie manner they have done, viz., by obtaining signatures to petitions. And of what value can such bo, when it is remembered that three-parts of such are mado to read, "That , your petitioners aro fully ill accord with tho objects of tho Act." All wo desire to say, while thanking you for past favors, and, in anticipation of tills still further1, ono is that wo do not offer tho slightest objection to the S. and S.R.L. pre senting petitions to Parliament in the hope that they may again witness shops open to all hours of the night, arid tired assistants plodding their weary way homeward when their more fortunato fellows aro enjoying tho luxury of sweet sleep. But w.e do protest, and strongly, too, against them embodying In auy such memorial anything that can bo construed as favoring the employees, knowing, as wo do by bitter experience, that such an Inclination Is as foreign to any member of tho S. and S.R.L. as would boa snowstorm' at Bourke in tho midst of summer. Let them gain signatures upon the bald question of whether the public aro in favor of shops being kept open until any hour of tho night it pleases tho pro prietors to closo, and we venture tho opinion ; without fear of reasonable contradiction that, instead of 11,000 or 15,000 names being gathered to any such request, they could not secure as many hundred, without their canvassers adopted that oft-timeil useful and easy system bf visiting the various cemeteries in anil around Sydney, and copying from the various tombstones therein tho names of those who in many instances aro laying there long before tholr tluio owing to tho lute hours tho establishment closed wherein they. were once employed. — yours etc., L. J. JLANNING, VJointSecrotaries JOHN, T. GANNON > B.C. and S.A.A. 