A BLl/NDEKING GHOST. A yonng man much addicted to practical (.iking went upon one oocasion U> visit his nnde, who was the vicar of a small rural village in the West of England, Some short lime after his arrival he began to realise that existence in the dead-and-alive little place was extremely monotonous, and found that time had never hang ee heavily upun his hands before. Later on, however, it occurred to him that he might obtain some amusement from the village folk, and he accordingly floored his face, attired himself in a large winding aheet, and took his poet behind a high, gaunt tombstone in the churchyard one :lear, moonlight night. For. more than half-ao-honr he waited there momentarily expecting some unwary villager to pass that way. But it was late and at that hour the timid country people shunned the lonely path with Boperstitious dread. Consequently the disgusted ghost was about to retrace his steps disappsintedly to the. vicarage, when he espied the reenmbnnt figure of the gravraii^ger. who, being a hot disclaimer of tile blue ribbon, had lost control over his lower limbs. The gliding ghost, passed and repassed him several times, breaking the stillness of the night with . sighs and conscience-cursed ;roaas. The helpless man, however, evinced no terror, strangely enough,and in disjointed words presently demanded, What may yttiir name be ?' This WHE a'puzzler. indeed; but noting, by the sid of the moonlight, the large lettera inst-nbcd on a tombstone near at hand, the fhost made anBwer— " I am the spirit of JoBiah Janris!" " Gun on !"was the incredulous retort I didn't ax ee fur to—to tell no lies." " ' 1 am the spirit of Josiah Jarris!" repeated the ghost, in impressive, though sepulchral tones. •' Tiirn 1 tell 'er yon bain't!" roared tho irt>n nerved gravedigger. " Joeiah Jami only 'ad one leg, an' I' reckon no wan liked un well enuff fur 10 fetch t" other 'ome from the (Jnhiea, where he left un, jus' toletth' nl' fella exercise the pair in prowlin'an* train 111 in over the gniretso' Crishun folks ihish time o' niglit!" 