THE LOVER'S QUEST PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. a — 73y "Grnedf &/cmtftY/e, Author of " Tho Loit Heiress," " Tho Fossioker," " A ltVir Coluaiifc 'The Golden Rock," £o., Ae COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XXV. Expectantly Miles looked towards tho door. He had been thinking much of her, with a great feeling of pity for the worn and tired littlo girl stranded alone among dangers in a wild country remote from friends. Resides tho hold sho had mado on him by her courage there was another link that bound her to him in his own mind. It was on her behalf ho had, after all, ventured everything in leaving England, though knowiug nothing of her existence. She had token the place of the girl ho had seen in Wales. That exquisite fragment of a romance had faded into a background as misty as the early morning in the Welsh moun tains, and though he would never for get that incident, yet ho could not hope now ever to sec lier again. He had come, following the slightest thread in search of her, only to find in lier place another as desolate, as much in need of assistance, as he had imagined her to be. Ho pitied this latest girl. She was so frail, and so much in need of tender ness, aud he admired hor, too, for her spirit. These two feelings uniting were enough to inspire in him a deep and growing interest an interest which ho persuaded himself partook of brotherly affection. So he waited, thinking, with his eye fixed on the door ready to receive her as au old frioud, un elder brother perhaps, when the door opened, and ho stood hesitating without a word, but. with a fixed stare of wonderment, j lie had never thought of her appear- ' ing in woman's clothing. Ho had in his mind the figure of a slight, white- faced lad, with large sad eyes, ringed with black, and a small sensitive mouth; and here, framed in the low door, was a girl in a white dress, simple enough, but changing her so much that ho scarcely knew it was she. Changed indeed she was. Theie was a slight colour in tho cheeks, replacing' the deathly pallor, tho mouth no longer drooped, and about the corners of the lips there was the ghost of a smile reflected in tho clear bright eyes. Sn flint stand ami looked, and in her eyes, too, there came a look of wonder, while tho colour mounted on her cheeks, for if she had altered, so had he since she last saw bim. Then he was ragged, block, with a rough beard, a haggard look, and eyes bloodshot from want of sleep. He bad 6toopcd, too, as ho limped with his boots broken, and nevor looked his height. - This man was quite changed. He looked trim and tall, a little worn still, his hands were rough and raw on the knuckles, and his skin almost dark, but. his fuce wus smooth and haudsomc. They looked each other over, and he no longer felt that he would play the brother. With a smile of unfeigned' pleasure and delight he stepped towards her, re covering from his surprise. 1 Why,' ho said, 'you arc changed. I am so glad to sco you looking so much better. His voice was different too. It was no longer hoarse from exposure. She started back with hor hands raised, and & look of greater wondor in her eyes. 'Why,' he said, 'you surely. recogniso me?' ' I think so,' she murmured, with a 'rising colour, 'but how strange. To think that wo should meet here, and not know each other.' His hand fell to his side and ho caught his breath as tlio awful idea crossed his mind that her brain had succumbed to tho strain of the last fow days. ' I really boliovo,' abo said, ' that you do not know, mo after all. Something in her voice this time caught his attention, something, too, in tho way she tossed her head. 'Gracious heavens !' he cried, after cue swift look. ' You are Miss Stern- dale. JK Sho laughed and blushed, and he stood silent, looking. ' Of course,' 6ho said, ' and to think wo should huve.bcon together all these dnys% without cither - of us finding it out.% . ' I was puzzled sometimes when I looked at you,'.ho said slowly, scarcely knowing what ho was saying. ' But you looked stf — — ' 'And you wore like a tramp, the most awful example of poverty and neglect I think I over 6aw, with a voice that terrified mo. I am sure I could not have looked so much changed.' ' Rut you called yoursolf Miss Wont- worth,' ho said. ' Ah ! that i6 a long story. Whero is my father?' ' Ho escaped from this place when it was captured.' ' Captured ! I thought wc were in tho hands of friends.' \ So wo arc, insomuch as thoy aro fighting against a common enemy/ and he oxplaincd tho .position, after briefly referring to his former meeting with tho Arab at Zanzibur. ' Grooto Adriun went to Zanzibar. I wonder if lie mot you there ?' ' I think I saw , him,' said Miles, grimly. 'I had business to do with him, aud his methods wero somewhat peculiar.' She grow red, and ho of course at ouce put it down to resentment at his reference to Adriuu, or Stoffel, what ever iiatno th big scoundrel passed under. 'He is not a man to he trusted, ' he said coldly. ' , 4 My father trusted him,' sho answored in a low voice, with a look of trouble, | and ho risked his lifo for inc.' For a moment Miles was tempted to show her the real character of this man, whom sho evidently respected if she did not love, but he refrained. If he told lier all lie knew' and suspected of tho man's treachery, not only to herself but to her father, tho shock and horror of it would bo too much for her to bear. Ho remained silont, frowning at' his thoughts. ' ' And you,' sho" said, looking up at him with tears in her eyes. ' I cannot find words to thank you for what you did, and for your great kindness to a poor girl.' ' And just now you said I was the most awful example of n tramp you ever saw.' "Sho smiled through her tears, and he felt prompted then aud there to fold her in his arms. ' Isn't it wonderful to moot you hero ? I cau scarcely believe it yet.' ' Does it please you ?' he said, softly. ' To meet a friend in tho wilderness ? How can you ask ? But how is it you came in this country ? ' 'In search of you,' he said quickly. ' Of mo?' she whispered. ' Yes. I returned to "Wales to sco you again, feeling that lifo hold no dearer prize. You had gone ; but chanco gave me a slight clue, and I loft for Zanzibar on business, ns I hoped, with your father. I was met by another man, kidnapped, and escaped. Still hoping that 1 could not bo mistaken in . your father's namo, I came on. There were many difficulties to overcome, but, thank heaven, I was right.' Sho stood silont, trembling. , 4 You do not ask why,' ho said. 4 But you must know, Laura ; it was for love of you.' Ho bent his head to look into her eyes, and at tho timid uplifting of them lie took her iu his arms. Outside there was tho 6ound of firm steps, and as they stood apart the door opened. 'Peace bo to you, my friends, and in the morning happiness,' said the Arab, gravely. 'But to-day tho men must watch.' She came to the stoop to see them go, and Miles, looking back, saw lier framed in tho doorway, glanciug timidly around their occupations to dwell upon every point of her appearance. ' Bo you think it sufe to leave the house?' said Miles, hesitating, with a newborn fear in his heart. ' If there were white men there, per haps not,' said the chief, darkly, 'but were ono of those Zulus to enter the house his ' comrades would slay him. What is the chief's is the chiefs, nud death to any who touches. If you fear, tell the girl to go in.' /Before; Miles could, aot she had stepped out, and had taken one strap ping warrior by tbo arm, studying with concerned face a long ugly gush. Tearing a strip from hor handkcrchiof she bound it round, then seeing tho wounded men in the shed went thithor, os Miles camoup. 1 1 think it would bo better, he said, 4 if you kept indoors.' She smiled up at him. 'I am not afraid,' she said. 'These men respect those who do not fear them. Besides, I am an experienced nurse, and they want attention.' Miles looked along the' row of men, who had borne their injuries in silence. Their black eyes, worn with fever, were fixed on tho whito girl, and behind her was a group of wnrlikc figures, watch ful and silent. 'Have no fear,' she said. 'These men need help ' ; and she went down on her knees by the nearest man, whose left arm had bccu broken by a blow from a kcrrio. „ ' God bless you ! ' he tnurmured, and, leaving lier, ran off, while the men crowded in around her, making guttural remarks, ' and watching every action with tho ihtentness of children. Ho . soon joined tho Arab, who was walking to higher ground, accompanied by Hans and Mngaua, whose high plumes of black feathers set off well his lofty stature. About four hundred yards from tho houso they stopped. They wore thou at the upper lip of the valley. To their right was the wood sheltering the enemy, whoso positiou was marked by a hazo of smoko nud a small kopje rising among tho trees. Strotching north was tlic long valley through which thoy must' travel, nnrrowing at its further end to a defile guarded by several isolated masses of rock. 'It is there,' said the chief, 'they would attack us if we retreated. Cau anyone see a sign of the enemy ?' He put this in Zulu to Magana, who looked fixedly at tho distant rocks. 4 People have gone that way,' he said. .< They left before sunrise. Maybe they are iu wait beyond.' 'Many?' 1 Ou aye, a regiment.' 'I can see no sigu,' said Miles, when this was explained. ; 'Ju, sicur, the Kaffir is right,' said Hans. ' Look there,' pointing to tho right. 'There- is a lino on tho hillside. That is tho track the men made. The grass was wot whori thoy moved, and thoy tramped it hard, the blades falling away from us pointing tbo way they went.' . Miles Rooked keenly at tho old hunter. ' Jq, sicur. It is so. Tho suu shines bright ou the fiat of the grass lying away from us, showing it was beaten down that .way. If tho points were towards ns wo could not sec tho track.' 'If men liavo gone .that way,'. 6aid the Arab, -'it is to moko au ambush for us iu caso we retreat ; but they will find that wc also cau plan and strike too.1 TKcy remained there long, mapping out the country, and marking utit the lines tobe followed Unit night in the attack upon tho main camp of the enemy in the thorns, and the rceon- imisance to the end of- tho valley. It was decided that the sheikh was to lead the attack on tho canm, while Magana was to proceed dowuthevailuv, and, if passible, umnnsk the ambush 'which it was supposed hnubcon formed. Miles, with ouc hundred men and the wounded, was to bp loft i'' charge of the house. "When Uiey returned to tno onclosiirn they were greeted by the sound of laughter, and saw three natives walking proudly up aud down, each with a bandaged arm in a sling, and gesticulat ing with their uninjured limbs before groups ol iiiioirmiiiiiiiug euoiMim:». m the shade of the wall wero seated several men with bandaged heads, while 111 tho low shed itself, with lier anus bare and skirts tueked up, was Laura, sewing up the edges of a tcrriblo wouud in aiuati's shoulder. 4 Mash Allah !' cried tlio sheikh, gazing in astonishment at the slight figure, and at the men who stood around showing their white teeth. 'This is a wonderful tiling.' Laura looked up at tho sound with a little frown. ' Arc you tho chief man ?' The Arab nodded gravely. ' Wliat do you mean by leaving those men uucared for ? Thoy have fought for you well, and your first care should have been for thcra.' "" The Arab smiled in his beard. 'This place must be scrubbed out. I simply laugh, and tlic girl in the houso can do nothing but wring her hands. Bon't stare at mo like that. Set thetu to work lest the Hies and the evil smell of the plnce breed a sickness.' 1 Was any man ever talked to liko this?' muttered the chief, turning to Miles, who was all the time frowning at her, 'but there is scuse iu lier words.' Ho stalked away inside, while Miles . begged her to go in and let him attend to the wounded. 4 You can help,' she said, giving him a wan smile, for the work had been terrible. ' Yon cannot imagiuc how patient the poor tilings arc. They have waited cucli mau in turn, speaking nothing, hut following mc with their black eyes.' Miles was soon down on bis knees, and then Hans, whoso knowledge of rough doctoring was unequalled, went to work. His first patient, however, violently objected to be treated by him, and excitedly pointed at' Laura, so that the old hunter was tempted to give up the work iu disgust, but tlmt Miles, knowiug his skill, gave up his place. Tho Arab returned with a bucket of lime, aud Miles sprluklcd it about. After this, extra rations wero served out, and the wounded men served with brandy and tobacco. In tlic afternoon Miles sot about set engiiicniDg 111c iiiuu xoic. j.lc. wua not at all sure that the sheikh's plans for searing tho enemy would succeed, and he saw that if Stoflcl were warned in time of the departure of two parties from the camp he would probably deliver a counter attack, and at tlio same time cut ofE the raiders. lie set a party of men to cut down the stunted thorns, and after relaying tho wire at a distance of twenty yards, secured tho thorns firmly to tho wire, thus making - an outer barrier. .This done,; lie de creased the space to be 'defended by running tho north aud squtlrwulls to an angle, its apex facing west. This work kept tho bulk of tlic men em ployed . till evening, when Mtigunu, with twenty- five .men, slipped away for his long night trip to tlio fur end of the valley, with orders to surprise the enemy if he found lum, make a sudden attack, and then retire quickly. An hour later .the sheikh, with twonty-fivc men, left for the more dangerous enterprise of attacking tho main body of the enemy iu the woods. Miles was left in command. Ho had . had 110 opportunity of speaking alone with Laura sinec the morniug, and now his anxiety was too great to permit any such indulgence. Ho. saw tlic wen at their posts, and was standing looking out into the night when a light touch fell 011 his arm. Sho was at his sido with a light shawl over her head, and her oyes shining as he looked down iuto them. They paced to and fro in silence, . she with her faco to the stars, anil ho stniiuing his cars for sounds out of tlio night. 'How peaceful and quiet,' alia whisporcd, standing still. '1 don't remember to havo felt beforo so fully tbc beauty and nwc of the brooding sky and silent earth.' Still it was, beyond belief. The men stood to their position, indistinct, except for the gleam of their eyes ; making no sound, and no stir came from without. ' To mc it is liko the quiet before a storm, ' .he replied. She sighed, and her hand fluttered ou his arm, to suddenly lighten ns a deep voice hailed out of tho dark 'Englander!' it called. There was a sharp rattle of metal as the men brought their rifles to the wall. ' Go inside, dearest,' whispered Miles, Then louder, ' "Who calls V ' to continued.") l— 24 