A HOLIDAY EXPERIENCE. Wo were a merry party of seven young people, and we were spending our summer vacation in the isle ol Alan. Our requirements for a holiday residence were that it should be a pretty place, a seaside place, and a cheap place. In the days of which i speak itamsay combined all those ad vantages. Our little party consisted of my sister and myself, three young girls who were in our charge, and two South American boys, whose parents had placed them witn my motlier, in Birkenhead, on leaving iturope to re turn home. My motlier was unable to loave home that summer, so I was the eldest of the little holiday party, and I was not yet twenty years of age. Yet I was the keeper of the purse, the matron, the representative of authori ty, order, discipline, in our little com munity. Wo had very nice lodgings in a beau tiful position, facing the sea. They wero more expensive than we wished, but the fact that the only other lodger was a quiet old lady, who lived there winter and summer, and made it in fact her home, decided us to take the rooms. We were all so young that i felt it would not do to' be where noisy excursionists or objectionable young people might share the house. An went pleasantly for the iirst few days. The boys spent their mornings in bathing, and their afternoons in boat ing—they were dear boys—and in the evenings, which i insisted we should all spend together, they were the life of our little party. Our landlady de . olared openly that we were the nicest lodgers she had ever had, and our fei low-iumate—the old lady—visited us in our little parlour. She was a tall, handsome old lady, very thin, with sharp aquiline features, ami large, glit tering black eyes. "My dears,” she said, “I came to see you—it is my duty, as X know the ways of the place. You, of course, cannot know them, but 1 hope you all lock your doors at night f” Here she looked round our circle, and finally fixed her eyo on Edward, who answered with a littlo nervous laugh, “ indeed, why so, ma’am?” "Very wrong, boy, very wrong, indeed. It is the only possible way to keep out-” What, ma'am?” asked Edward, after waiting a reasonable time for the old lady to finish her sentence. "The draught, boy, the draught.” Edward was now giggling openly, so I said gently that "a little extra air was rather pleasant these hot nights,” and I was relieved to find that the old lady’s attention had wandered to my sistor Carry. "My dear,” she said, abruptly, "you liavo beautiful hair.” "Do you think so, ma’am ?” said Carry, modestly. "Think so, of course I think so,” said the old lady, in an angry tone. "Any one might covet such hair.” "Her wicked sister has often coveted it,” said I, laughing. Our visitor abruptly said to Carry, "Be advised, my dear, you lock your door at night,” and left the room. The boys at once exploded in uproarious laughter, while the puz zled Garry turned to me. "What can she mean, and why should we lock out doors when she horseif is the only stranger in the house ? She surely does not mean that we should lock out doors against each other.” "Eor fear your wicked sister should cut off your hair, eh, Carry?” At this moment a telegram was brought in which made us forget all about the old lady, it told us to be ready early next morning for a drive to Peel, as a cousin of mother’s, an old clergyman, of whom we were very fond, would bring a carriage for us iin mediately after breakfast. All was now bustle and preparation, the iand ■ mdy taking orders and giving advice as to the substantial cola lunch which I wished nicely packed and ready to govuth us ; and very cleverly the land lady catered for us, and very content were our hungry party the next day, when, after the long drive and the sight-seeing and thrilling tales of the dungeon at Peel Castle, and of the spectral dog which haunts the ruins— very content were all to sit round my snowy cloth on the green, and partake of the good things spread thereon. “Shall you dream of the spectral dog?” asked Canon Goodman, laugh ing, as wo drove home at last, through tko twilight. “Don’t talk of it,” said Albert, the younger of the boys. “It is all very well while we are here to gether in the daylight, but by-and-bye when Edward and I are alone in that horrid little dark room of ours-” “Lock your door,” said Edward, in a sepulchral voice. “Oh, I dare say,” said Carry, with a nervous shiver, “but you can’t lock out a ghost.” We got home very late, and very au<^ went at once to our rooms. Half-an-hour afterwards, just as I was putting out my candle, Carry came Ii in her dressing-gown, with her beauti iul hair down hor back. Carry really is a pretty girl, and her hair is won derful. It fell in bright soft ripples nearly to her knees. “Jane,” she said, coaxingly, “do let mo sleep with you to-night.” “This hot night!” I ex claimed. “Why, Carry, how uncom fortable wo should be.” “Do let me, Jane. Somehow, I can think of no thing but that horrid dog. I shall not close an eye if I am alone.” Of course I lot her stay with me, and in five minutes we were both asleep. Next morning, when we all met at breakfast, I asked, laughing, if all of thorn had “locked their doors.” The girls laughed, and shook their heads. “ATo one, I suppose, saw the spectral .dog?” said Carry. The girls again shook their heads, but Edward colour ed and looked away. “Edward,” said Carry, “you look guilty; I am glad someone else was afraid. I was too frightened to sleep alone, and went in to Jane.” “I was not frightened,” said Edward, indignantly, “but it came to me. I saw and felt it.” “Saw it!” exclaimed all the girls at once. “Oh what was it like ? Had it fiery eyes ? Did it feel cold and corpse-like ? What did it say, or did it only bark?” “Oh how lovoly to really know someone who, with his own eyes, has beheld a ghost!” “It came from your room anyhow, Miss Carry. The night was so hot that I was restless, and could not sleep, and as I lay awake, I heard * your room door shut, and somethin" trail itself across the lobby; and then my door gently opened, and some thing, dim, and tall, and black en tered, and came towards the bed.” “Horrible! Did you start up, did you scream? We heard no noise.” “No,” said Edward, “somehow it fas cinated me, and I felt that I must lie still and watch it. There was very Jittlo light, so I only saw it like a darker spot in the darkness, moving slowly towards the bed.” The three girls shivered; Carry’s face was as white as paper, so, to break the spell, I said, “But the spectral dog could not look tall, Edward, though, of course, it would look big.” “How can you tell?” said Carry; “you never saw a spectre. What did it do, Edward?” “It glided over towards the bed. I could hear it breathe quite distinctly.” “I did not know that spectres breath ed,” said I. Carry stamped her foot. “Do let Edward tell us, Jane ; no won der it did not go to you. No spectre would condescend to visit anyone so prosaic and commonplace.” Edward continued his tale. “It stood up, tall and dim and dark beside the bed, then it slowly bent over, felt my head with its black paws, heaved a deep sigh, then slowly raised itself, and again glided slowly from the room.” Here all drew long breaths of wonder. For some minutes there was dead silence; then all began to talk at once. “Well,” I said at last, “if there is going to bo nothing but ‘spectral’ con versation, I shall go and hunt up Canon Goodman, and get him to take mo for a breezy walk on the hills to blow all this nonsense out of my brains.” In the afternoon our old fellow-lodger, Mrs. Consadine, came in to see us. Her eyes looked blacker and more glittering than ever, and her manner was certainly very odd. She asked Carry if the noise of the sea did not prevent her sleeping, as it had been a rough night. “Oh,” I said, “Carry came in to me last night, and you know my room is at the back of the house, and away from the sea.” “Ah, Miss Carry has changed her room?” “Only for the one night,” I said. “They were all made nervous by hearing the legend of the spectral dog at Peel Castle yesterday, and Carry could not sleep alone, lest it should come to her.” “Then now you will lock your doors?” said Mrs. Con sadine. “Indeed, I shali not,” said Carry. “I should always imagine I had locked it in with me.” “Locked it in—with you and that beautiful hair. Yes, I see; it would be most impru dent.” On hearing this speech Carry glanced at Edward, and, catching his eye, they both tittered audibly. For tunately, the landlady just then knocked at the door, and asked Mrs. Consadine to speak to her, so she left us without noticing the two young people’s rudeness. That night I awakened with a sud den start, and sat up in bed, listening intently. I heard in the stillness a low moan from the direction of Carry’s room. And a moment after the words, “Oh, Jane, come to me”— not screamed, but sent, as it were, by tho mere force of their fervour— through the intervening space, to my ear. Not waiting to strike a match, I was in an instant in her room, the door of which I found open. She was lying quite still, moaning most piti ably. “Oh, Jane, Jane, come to me.” “My dearest, I am here,” I said, tak ing her in my arms. “What is wrong? Are you ill, or in pain?” “Oh, Jane, it has been here, just as Edward described it! Oh, take me into your room, let us go away from this horrible place.” Of course I understood that my poor little sister had had a nightmare, and that it was no use reasoning with her just then, so I led her to my room, her eyes hidden on my shoulder, lest even in the darkness she should see the dreaded shape. Once in my bed I wrapped her in my arms, and by degrees she ceased to tremble, and in a little time we were both quietly asleep. We did not waken till nearly breakfast time, and were dressing hurriedly, when suddenly it struck me that there was something very un usual about Carry’s head. “Carry,” I said, “what have you done to your hair?” “Done to my hair,” said Carry. “Nothing.” “That is nonsense, my dear, just look at your hair.” Carry went to the glass. “Then, Jane,” she said, turning a white, awe-struck face to me—“Jane, it was no dream, something did lean over me in the night and touch my hair.’ “Someone has played a wicked, practical joke,” I said, angrily, “and besides frightening you most cruelly, has quite spoilt the front of your hair. Oneside cut off, of course now you must cut the other side, and wear a horrid fringe. Mother will be angry when you go home to her with a fringe.” Poor Carry began to cry, and at that moment the breakfast bell rang. There was no help for it—a lock had to be cut off the left side of her hair now to make it correspond with the now shorn condition of the right side. I locked the long silken tress carefully away, and Carry comb ed her fringe over her white forehead, and was consoled to find that she looked prettier than ever. The in stant we entered the breakfast-room everyone cried out, “Oh, Miss Carry, how nice you look with a fringe!” Carry was too indignant to answer, and so was I. One of the horrid young wretches had certainly played this cruel trick, and probably all the others were in the secret. I resolved to say nothing about it till I could consult with Canon Goodman as to the best punishment for them, but in the meantime I really could not bring myself to speak to them. Un fortunately the Canon had gone to Douglas for the day, so justice could not overtake the evil-doer till his re turn. In the' meantime, I was dis gusted with their hypocrisy. They talked as though they believed that Carry had herself cut off her hair just to see how she would look with a fringe. Carry kept her temper admirably, never answered them, and never al luded to the occurrences of the night; but of course they all saw that we were not friends with them, and the more they tried to get back into favour tho more indignant I felt, and tho more I longed for the Canon’s roturn that they might reap the con sequences of their wickedness. I was quietly working that evening, soon after the lamps were lit. The girls were playing “consequences,” and the boys had disappeared, when suddenly I heard Edward’s voice at the door asking earnestly if I would speak to linn. I thought he was going to con foss what he knew of last night’s cruel, so I went at once. Miss Jane,’ he said, “somethin'*' very qijeer is going on in Mrs. Consa dines room; do come to the window and see.” I answered indignantly that I was not “in tho habit of in truding on _ the privacy of ladies—nor of spying through their ■ win dows.” “But it is dangerous,” said Edward. “She has a candle, and I feel quite sure that she has some of Miss Carry’s hair—anyhow, it., is just like it.” A light, dim, but distinct, began to dawn upon my bewildered mind. I took Edward gently by the hand. “Show me the window,” I said. We went quietly together round to the side of the house. Ed ward leaned across the little balcony, and drew back the trailing sprays of creeper which partly screened the window from my view, and I saw poor Mrs. Consadine, with flowers on her head, a candle in one hand, and a tress of Carry’s golden hair in the other, dancing before a large mirror, talking to herself and to the lock of hair alternately, but often going dangerously near to the lace curtains which fluttered in the draught. The spectral visitation was ex plained. The poor crazy lady had evidently been aware of her propensity for wandering through the house at night, and had really wished us to lock her out of our rooms; but finally she had coveted my sister’s lovely hair, and had contrived in the night to possess herself of a tress, which was evidently a cherished plaything. I need not tell of my indignant re monsti ance with the landlady for treacherously leaving us unwarned of tho mental condition of her lodger, nor of the .tears and humble apologies with which she propitiated me. “The poor old lady were quite harm less, would not hurt a fly—only she loved pretty things, and the young lady’s beautiful hair were too much for the poor dear to withstand, and if she might make so free, the young lady looked more sweeter than ever with her pretty fringe, so no harm were done, but, in a manner of speak ing only good.” Will it be believed that this was Carry’s view of the subject also—that she bogged and prayed of me not to give up the lodgings; and from tllat day she took the “poor dear,” as she called Mrs. Considinc, under her special protection, and that finally, when at the end of our holidays, wo wore leaving Ramsay, she presented her as a parting gift, with the other lock of hair? 