KATOE DANTON. I I.l. 'rTE , \ TI -.- Continued. "And s'irtct. doets IEunice say?" asked Kate. "\Vhy." said Captain Daunton, "it seems Eunice a:tll Agn?lc were to sit up for soil tI.o yolltig ladie.s, who art' tlit able to ta:ke otT y;'tur oi II e!ot.,lt's yet, and lthety chllose iosei's troeiOl to sit in. .boInt, ts ( hourts ig A?o's omltitain eid of tooit.chle, ald .Said she would go downst:!r.s for soo Ž:ainlkiller that 'asli; ill the . iwin e-r lll., Illc IE ice, til h was 11:th f riol(p, rYeli.lined where hlil t W :Ia : .I ild t n m ill ltc ,ft ler h eard Sseretlul ithat. frightened 'her out of hler wits. We hal till retired, but the night-lai,!p %% :i lhurlnir.n.; d r l .rushing out she founld .\goi's leanllg algalillSt the wall. till white and trembintg.hI The lmoment, Eunice slpoke ito her. '1 saw his ghost!' she said. in a clhoking whisper, ,and fell back in a dead "faint in EunIllicC's 'iarm.s. I fill)ind her so ii'lll I t':l!lli" ut. far' Eunice c (ried lustily for help, and Grace aiid all tihe sertalits were tlhere in tw\o Inillutes. We dl id tveryt'hing for 'her, but till, in vain. Shie lay like onle dead,. Then (Grace proiosed to send 'for your bro ther. W\e sent. Hie came, anlld brought theli de:ul to life." "An extraordinary 'tale," saidl iegi n:lld Stunlford. ':When she catne to life, what did she say?" - "Nothing. .Dr. Frank gare ther an opinte tlhat soothied Iher andt set her asleep" As hle spoke; DrP. :Frl;nk 'lielf atp peared, his ean'l 'feii aoce inpeinet.rable as ever. "How is your' p?tient doctor?"' ask ed Kaite. "\uBci better, Gss KaIte. In a day or two we .will tha'e hder nll right, I think. Site is a 'nervous .little creature, with an overstrung and lhig:lhy im?ngitnati-ve temnpeilnment. I wonder she hlas not seen ghosts long ago." "loll are nlot thinking of le(aving us," said Captain Dantion. "No, ? o, I won't ihear of it. We can give you a bed and breakfast here equal to any thitg ,down at the (hotel, and it will svte you aI journey lip to-morrow morning. 'Is Grace with l her yet?" "Yes, G(race insists on remaining un til morning. 't:here is no necessity, though, for she will not w'ake."' Ktale gathered tI)p t~he folds of ther` rich ball-dress, taitd ran np the polishi ed oaken .stairs, nodding,. adi · .. -ot to her own room, howeveri, but' to that of It.he sleamstress. 'rhle snta. l?oalnhmber sas dim" lig:li' ed by I, lamp (turned lows''-:By :the bedside satt Grace, wrapped"in"?i'shtaailr.l on the ,pillow la?vtihe .?hite 'face' of Agnes Darling, c:ini ' ?;]hetr slumber,, but colourless as the pillow itself.. Kate 'bent over lier, and Grace arose a't her en't.rance. .I?t .as sudil a con 'trust; the stately, beautiful girl, ~iitlh jewseltled flowers 'in her htair, her cost ly robe trailing the ;carpetless floor, the perfume of hleer dress and golden;. 'hair seenting the room.. aid the wan' little creature,.so 'iasted iand piale,; ly-" ing asleep on -theilos': bed. lter hands grasped the tbedeldthes in ther slumi ber', and with every rise and ?ill of hier breast, rose. and fell a ,li'tthe ]oeket" worn round ther neck 3'oy ablack cdord.' Kate's finger 'touched it.lightly.: ".Pour soutl!" she said'' ipoor lititle Agnes! Are you going-to staiy :with her until morning, GrTice?..;; "Yes, Mfiss Danton.'" ".i: "I could not go to ny roonwitout seeing her: but' ??o there oen'iSc?'S sits to linier. Goodliiorninig. : 'Miss Danton 'lefti toi' roost .Gr':ice: sat'down :again, and looked' ?t' t e 'oe het cunriously. "I should like typ Topei tltha:t and see whose pictlure it cobi?~iins, aind' ye She looked " ,little' ashanid.-aid dhrew black the Qailid that ''touched ::it: But cr'iosity- 'womtan's intenhest l?as- sion--snis not to be resisted. "Whiat haru' can it be?" she thought. "She will meser Jinow." She lifted the locket, lightly touch ed the spring, antd it flew open. It contained more 'than a pictuire, al though there waes a qpicture of a hand-: some, 'boyish face 'that somehow. had to Grace a fanmiuar look. A slip' of folded paper, a plain gold ring, and a tress of brown, curly hmair dropped out: Grace opened the little slip of paper, and read it 'with ana utterly confound ed face. It, was partly written 'and partly printed; and was the".mnarringe' certifieaite of Agnes Gr;ant mniIdHeinry Darlimig, it bore 'date 'New Yorik,, two years before. Grace dropped lie .piper astomiundled. Miss Agnes Darling was a n-ainred wo mant, then, and, ohildishl as.se looked, ihad been' so for toyo eis.:T, What were her. reasons 'for deny?ingit, ild where was Henry -Darlin ,de ?:or deserted? . She looked imt the';:piciti'ured face' again.. Very goodloo6kiiang,'blt ea-y you.thful and irresolute'.sl ' Wliot laidl she ever seen 'that :looked:like thait? Some one, surely, for-iYt was s faiTi- : liar as her o'nn in: the glass; but wiho, or 'there, or' .swh?en, wias all densest mnyýtey.' There iils an u neasy, movement of the sleepe.r. Grace, 'feeling guilty, put back hastily t:e tress of hair--his, ano douiUt--the ring--a wedding-ring, of course-anlld 'the .mntrt'age certificate. She closed the locket, and laid it back on the fluttnering 'ameurt. Poor little Agnes! that greaf trouble of womnaan's life, loving and losing, had come to her then already. In 'the cold,' grey dra.wn of the early morning tGrace resigned her office to ia.bet.te. 'the houmseniaid, and sought 'hir'roomu. Agnes Darling still slept the merciful sleep Dr. F'ra.nk's opia.te had given her. CHAPTER IX.' A C(AMIE FOR 'DWO TO PLAY AT. A cold, rai:, rainy. dismal morning -the sky bl:ack and hopeless of sun lshine, the long bIleakl blasts comntlain lug around the phil house, and rat.tling ghostily the skeleton 'trees. The raiin was more sleet. than rain; for it. fnoze as it fell. and clattered anoisily aglainst 'the blurred window-giass. A morn ing for hot. coffee and auffilus, and roaring fires andl newspapers aind eassy-'naitrs, aund in which you ;would not have the heart ,to turn your ene nry's dog froino the door. Dr. Dnuton stood t.his wild and 'wintry Febru:uary morning ?dt Iris .h"l nl her 'window, lookipg . out. 'abseuwtly at lle smlating sleet, not thinking of it not 'thinking of the panle blank of wet mist shrouding the distant fields nad marshes, Hnd villagelsaid river, but of something that made 'him knit his brows in perplexed reflection. "Whalt was it she saw luast night?" he mused. "No spectre of the mimgi nation, lo boonl-flde ghost. Old Mar gery staw somlethhing, and now Agnes. I wonder-" l-e stopped. There n'as a knock at tdhe door. "Come in," 'he said, and Grace en tcred. "I did nIt know you were s iup,' said Grace. "li't it is very 'fortiunate I -as it hiappenis. '1 ht a'e just been to M\iss Lt.rling's roam, and use is cry'ing "out for ,out il the wildt' nst mlantler." ".h!" .".: her hrt'her I l'ir ising, has she be?"n awsvake long?" "''Ne:Iy Ian hour, I:labettee tells ime, ;il al 'thlt time she 'lit has leen frantli (:ily' cailliirg for you. ]leer sm:taietr is Suite frenzied, aillt 1 fear-" "\hat, do you 'fear?" "That ilast, nigh"i't's frigh.t ,has dis ordere'd .her reas-oni." "Ileaveli forbid! 1 will go to her it olnce." lie left l'h'e nailots :is lie spoke. and ri' i stililnois to, 'the cha.ls:nbers of the se:llllst'ress. 'I:heI grey inorning twi light stole dre:.rily titouglilg the closed slhuttler, ansd 'the lnallp 'burned dlin and disial still. ]talbette sat 'by the bed side tryitng to soothe hler ihpirge in very b:ail EI?glsisl, and evideitily but with little success. Thle 'bed clothes haid been tossed off, 'the little thin hands elesrl cand lunss.s!se-d in them 'the. great l':l.:lt eyes wes'res whll'e anlld 'wild--t'le' :ack ths,. 'r : ::''l tossed anld disordered on lthe ipi'llvbw. Babette rose I:slac!'T.t:"y at tahe doe tor's entrance. "Hero's 'the doctor, Mfees Darling. May T go now, monsieur?" "Yes, you may go; but remain out hide i' case 'I slhould want youe." He shuts tlhe door on Biabetlte, and took her place .by the sick girl's bed side.. Blabette l.ingered in the passage, staring at .the stormly morning, and gaping 'forlornly. "I hope lie won't be long," she thouglit. "I acniot to go bed." t]r: Frankl, Ihowever, sas 'long. Eight strulck somewhere in the house; that was 'half I n Itrou'r, and !there was no sign of 'his coming. Itbe'tte shivered under her sthawl, and looked- more drearily thano ever at the laslhing sleet. Ninie-another .hours, and no sign froit the siclk-roomi yet. 3~Jalbette, rose up .in desper'ition,.'but just at that mo ment Gsrace?'came upstairs. is'9i tere, BD'aette!" rhe said, sur rtised.; '"'Whois ei itaih .Agn'ies?" !'T?he":dotor, :~s7ndemoiselle! 'he: told. 'me' to wits tintil tlhe mo?ne' out, andl, I .as'e "swaited, anind I ann:too sleepy .to wavit nall lo.ngert'; y I go, mndenm ,iselle?" ' . . . '"Yes, 'go,"' said Graee, "I will toke yort iplace.' ;Jalibette dep.irtsed. vith atacrity, and rrice 'sit dowin aby the 'storm-beaten svindow,: Sh he listened for some sound from .tlhe sick-room, busit none re?iard el hler.;: i.othing was to be thea'rd but itle" storm witihout, and ilows and thlen ishe'opeiing.a ind shltting of some door uvitlsfn. "Another lhalf-hour. Then the door of 'thee seamstress's roonr opened, and lierbliotlheir:eane out. How pale he ;?as-pailer ;nad graver tihan his sister ever ra emembered seeing 'hlil before. '"WVell,"?slie said, rising, "how is yousr lettes, :'' le db ,fl i s?.," iwi.er ed, "very "<< titoss s'ht'si e w'as worse, yous look "] 'se so I? This disoal morning, I suppose. Gr'iee he said, lotering Isis tone .'ind? lookings" s:I heir tfixedly, swdl:se host 'id; old:: arge say shi sa's?" " Whose gliost' 'What V iquestion!" uswer: i "; "Don't"'be !'so ? at' lera'tie. please. faster lItr v's gtont she said" A'snTd fraser?M'sl 'Ls's ct'is Cd's pta. D n ton·s son?' :. "Wan-sle is deed sow.s ',es. e! ihe 'is. .kil.lei' in Neiw 'orl', I,-believe : "So they3l " say. The' lfamilg never sneak of t'hin m.: Ille ;e;i't e black sheep .of th aIsflock, : o? ?y ?n??. But 1h3y .:'do 'yoru 'ak? ?' "is': t hlis ghost Agnes saw?.': : "Nonslemise' "' Of coarse 'nott Wi hat -hoiid' slie .'noii? of C?'ptatin l .Da'ton's son ?' Sone ione- one ofi the seri"a.nits problblyni -enie .upstairss intid friglh tened her o.dittiof hlier it:ýevous 'wits. I lil.ve lbieels. tr'ying ,totalk w little sense intso her sfoolish, ihe'ad for these two -."id?"Aid9has syoua sueeeded'" S",'),'tlt.ly,. i.t . don't ask iher nay uilestions on'tle' sibject; and' donlt let Mistis Daniton or airy one whim may visit Iser ask any: questions. It upssets her, -nd:I.'vwon' t be aniswerable for the conseqtences." "It is very strange," saidc Grace, !oolong, at her brother instently, "-very str?ai.ge that old 3largery and Agnes D'a:rling sihould both see an lappariti6on sin 'this holse. There nrust ,be some 'thling- is it." "Of course .ihere .is--didn?t I tell yout so-an overJiearted nimagisntion. I Irtve known niore extraordinary opti e2t illuhsions thlin' t?hat in 5my time. IHow is Msargery -better agrain?" "No. indeed. She wiltl never get over that scare in .tltis vworld. She keeps a ligst in sher roos lt alnighlt, onsd m ellts one of thle mailds sleelp swith her, land \ons t 'be a'lone ' 'mto mnent, nighlt or d4yd.' S"Ah!" siaid Dr.o- rank, with 'profes sionll lphlegm.s "Of course! Slhe is an old swomant , iand we cosl .hst -dly eslpect anyisling else. IDoes lshe talk milch of the gihost?" "No. Tihe slilghteSt illutsion to 'the subjeet. iagitate"s Iher for ':he whole dsla. No one ldare melstion ghlo4ts it Malr t'lry's sprese.nce." "I hope you will hal be equaslly dis ereet witlh Miss Darliisg. T'l.se? will vwear a,\siay thle Ihalluleinaltionl, if yotl woslen .only .hlois " y'omir tongues. I mnust csLsution Rose,.s 'lo has an ,unfor tuinlte lhs:bit of dletting~ out awhiltever coalles tlppermost. Ahl! here she is!" "Were' yoiu talkinsg of Ime?" inquired Mtiss Rose, tri.ppisng upstairs, fresh and pretty, itn a blue mierilo ,sii ornintg dress wsitIh soft sthite trisminslg-. "Do I ever talk of anyonoe 'else?" sht Dr. Frank. "Poohl! How ds Agnes t a'rling?" "As ' e asl estcIn bLe expected sifter s-eiinlg Si g'sost!" "Dii sihe see a, glost, lthiugh?" ask ctd Rose, opening her'h:lzel eyes. "Of counrse she did; mnid my advice to yout, Miss lose, is to go to bed every niiglht at dark, and to eleep ism media.tesly, with your ihead covered up in 'the bedelothes, or you may haptpen to see one too." '"L'Thanlk you for your advClee, -hich I don't want and won't tlake. Wltose ghost did she see?" ""The ghost of Hamlet's father, per Ihaps-sho doesn't know; before she could take a second look it vanished in a cloud of blue flame, and she swoon ed awnay!" "Dr. J)anton," said Rose, sharply, "I wish you would talk sense. I'll go and ask Agnes herself about it. I want to get at the bottom of this af fair." "A very laudable desire, whicoh I re gret being obliged to frustrate," said Dr. Dant on, placing 'himself 'between her and the door. "You!" cried Rose, drawing herself up. "Whllit do you mean. sir?" "As Miss Agnes Darling's medical attendant, my dear Miss Rose- deeply as .it wordtlids rie to refuse your slight est request-I reilly mut t forbid any step of the kind. The consequences migiht be serious." "And I am not, to see her if I cfsoose?" demanded lhose, her eyes quite flashing. "Ccett:aily your are to see ther, and to fetch her jelly, and chicken, and toast, and tea, if you will; but youll are not to speak of ther"ghost. That blood curdling subject is absolutely ttlbooed in the sick-noon, ulnless-" "Utnlr?ss wha:t?" ' inquired Rose, angrily. "Unless you want to make a manine of her. I amn serious in .this; you must not allude in trhe remlotest wlay to the cause of her 'illness when you visit her or you may regret your indis critLion iwhlile yoau Jive." ife spoke with a gravity that showed thiat he wass in earnest. Rose shrug ged her shoulders impat:liently, and walked -to Agnes' door. Grace fol lowed at. a sign front her brotrher, who ranl downsltairs. The sick girl was not asleeolp-se lay withli her eyes wide open, starring "i eanstly ;at the whiite wall. She looked at' 'trher., wnhen trhey e-nterer, -with a half-frighrtened, half-inquiring gaze. ".\ra you 'better, Agnes?" asked IiRse, looking do.rni at tile olourless Lice. "Oh, yes!" 'ShIe answered nervously, her fingers twisting in uand out .of the bed-clothes \--her eyes wandeTring uneasily from one to 'tare other. "Wouldn't you dike sometrhing to eat?". inquired . Rose, n'odt knowing -whant else -to say. "Oh, no." " "You tad better have some tea," said Grace decisively. "It Will do you good.' I will fetcth you up some pre sently. :Rose, tihere is the breakfast blell." \- Rose, withli a parting nod to Agnes, went off, very much disappointed, and in high dsntlgeon with Dr. Fi'rank for rnot letting :her cross-examine the sctamstress on the subject of the ghost. "The ghost she saw must have been Mr. llnirnan?d's returning ,from his mid niglht st-roll," t'houghlrt Rose, shrewdly. "My opirnion is, dte is the only ghost in 'Darnton Hall." There was very little allusion made to tihe affair of last night iat the break fast table. It seemed to be tacitly understood trhat -the subject was dis agreeable; a-nd beyonnd an inquiry of tihe doctor, "Hlow 'is your patient, this morning?" notling was said. GBut a:ll felt- vaguely tihere was some mystery. Dr. F]rank's -theory of optical ihllusion -ra;tisfied no one-- 4tere -wrs something at .the bottom that 'trhey did not under stand. (To be Continued.) 