OUR MELBoURNE LETTER. | I [From Our Own Correspondent.] May 22\. " For this relief, much thanks," but I I need not tell you how' painfully tense 'j was the state of public, feeling in Mel- ] 'bourne after the first report us to the relief of Mafeking' was cabled on Wednesday last, and^bocumo general property on Thursday. it has been rope- is used in every city, town, hamlet, and a homestead throughout Australia. You have had it all round you, and the day scription would be merely holding up a mirror in which you would see your. selves in magnified proportions. It was not so much the long-continued strain of standing on the tiptoe of expectancy Unit we minded; it was the downright torture of hanging on the tender book of suspense and personally realising " With what a heavy and retarding | weight, IDotli expectation load the wing of time." In many places throughout the colony the people could not stand it and even at the ' risk of being "too previous they rang their bells, flew their bunting, beat their drums, and blow their trumpets, taking all the chances of the subsequent confirmation. When the next day came, and it was still lacking, the firm confidence that it could be but a question of days, if not hours, could only mitigate the keen sense of bitter disappointment, and even the reports of success in other directions could not divert thought from the heroic figure of Baden-Powell and his gallant band of famine stricken war rivers who, in that far-off South African border town, were making the history of a defence which will stand on record beside that of Kars and Plevna, with the added distinction of being more fortunate in its outcome General Sir linens and Osman Pasha both succumbed at last, but, thank God, Baden-Powell kept the flag flying." Then at noon on Saturday came the news Mafeking relief confirmed," and it was like spark to a magazine, only that the explosion was continuous, and the city is still resonant with its' echoes. It run through the streets like wild-fire,' and found its first expression in a hurricane of "Hurrah's!" The people streamed out on to the pavements, took possession of the thoroughfares, and went wild with joy, Every bell in every church tower and steeple, and every other one, down to the tea table tintinabulator, was put in instant re-' question. Processions were formed, bands turned out, flags and banners covered the city' like magic, and the place went wildly delirious with deligHt. It was a spontaneous demonstra- tion of mingled pride, thanksgiving, and joy, coming from the heart of a whole people in a fashion never to be forgotten. Words fail to give anything but the faintest description of the scene, because you cannot describe the indescribable. It cannot even be imagined, and to realise it one must have been an eye witness. The whole afternoon was given up to exuberant demonstrations of loyal enthusiasm worked to white heat by long waiting. Baden-Powell was the name on every lip, sounded in terms of pride, exultation, and admiration Then, to quote Campbell slightly 'altered,' "The sun went down, nor ceased the rapture there, Tumultuous cheering shook the mid- night air." ' A great mass meeting of citizens was held in the Town-hall, as an impromptu one had been held in the Stock Exchange earlier in the day Unfortunately, the Lieut-Governor was absent, as he had not received the official confirmation, and did not care to risk a contretemps. The Premier and the Mayor were also both absent, being out of town, but stirring speeches were dealt live red by Judge Hodges, Alderman Bailes, Messrs. J. LfPurves, Q.C., W. Trenwith, M.L.A., and W. Roberts, ex President of the A.N.A.,' and the cost thusiasm was sustained inside and out side, while the city blazed with fire works and hastily improvised illumina- tions. Then followed Sunday, with its' calmer outpouring of thanksgiving from the pulpit, and the rejoicing will all begin again in more orderly fashion to-morrow; which has been proclaimed a public holiday for the occasion. Saturday was certainly a day to live through and remember for all time, and it was in its great outburst of national pride and joy a worthy testimony to the heroic central figure in a most heroic defence. The exactitude with which Lord Roberts has carried out his plans, and the precision with which his movements have been timed, not only gives an assurance for his further speedy successes, but among other things it puts a sharp pencil point upon the following com- mercial circular by which he has been humorously accredited to our friends the enemy." to Messrs. Kruger, Steyn, and Co. Dear Sits, Our traveller, Mr-. Roberts, is in your immediate neighbourhood, and will have great pleasure in waiting upon you ; it you can make it convenient to meet him, you will, doubtless,' got more than you want. Mr. Roberts has a large and choice selection of ironmongery, and a special line in bunting, which has gone very well in Bloemfontein, and which he proposes shortly to show you in Pretoria. We have large orders for this bunting from, all parts of the world, and believe it will give the same satisfaction in your, neighbourhood that it has given to all of our other customers We are, dear sirs, yours obediently, SALISBURY AND CO." Before quitting the military subject I may mention that our unfortunate Ministry has another awkward difficulty offhand, and another undignified climb down is in immediate prospect. It has arisen from the fact that the Victorian citizen soldier does not regard his service obligations too seriously,' and is far too much disposed to run the defence force on the trades union principle. ' He wants to play at discipline to be the commander of his officers, and of the, reins of authority or in his opinion drawn too tightly, be straightway kicks over the traces. The present trouble has arisen in the fifth (Bendigo bat- talion of infantry, through the appointment of Sergt. Bailey as Quartermaster-, Sergeant, when it is considered by the men that Colour-Sergt. Stevenson should have been selected. The friction that ' been going on for some time, but, it culminated last week, when only 2). privates and 4 non-coms, fell in at a Commanding Officer's parade, while about 150 privates and non-coms, in plain clothes gathered outside the drill shed, cheered some of the officers as they passed in, hooted and) boo-hooed others. They actually pic allotted the approaches to the drill room to intercept the' men in uniform and dissuade them from attending. Many were thus turned back, but some went on. It was flat mutiny, though the term has not yet been officially applied, and if it is overlooked, it can: only be regarded as an encouragement, to others who may feel disposed to ap pay the screw by venturing upon similar flagrant acts of insubordination. The thing occurred once' before with the second (Ballarat battalion, and instead of disbanding the mutinous companies, even if it meant breaking'up-the: battalion, the offenders were let off with a severe reprimand from the Commandant and a caution as to future behaviour. This latest outbreak of disaffection may be regarded as the outcome, and the question now at issue is' the' Very Sironle one-are'the officers to command the men, or the men the officers'? ' * The merits of the case, Bailey v. Stevenson, Have nothing whatever to do by way of palliating or excusing the act of mutiny, but they have nevertheless, again seated that unhappy Defence Minister upon a cushion of thorns. It seems that when the appointment was made Colour-Sergt'. Stevenson handed the officer' commanding the battalion a written protest against the appoint- meat;, which passed hjrif'over1 in favour of his junior. ThE protest' she officer. Major Thomson, did not forward to the Commandant; so that he recommended to the Council of ' Defence, and, the Minister confirmed without knowing that the appointment -itm'eífongjy; rose . . --s . ' V '""-I sented by the non-com. chiefly con- corned, and by the majority of the men. Now the Minister holds that the protest certainly should have been forwarded, and that the default justifies the reconsideration of the appointment. This means another climb down, though how it will improve matters, unless it is proposed to condone the offence committed by the mutineers, I fail to see If this latter Course is pursued, it will simply be playing "Pinafore" in regimentals and though the opera bouffe is very amusing on the h tage, it wears a totally different aspect when taxpayers have to foot the bill for producing it on the parade ground and in barracks. The matter above referred to will form yet another count in the indict- ment- to which Ministers will be required to plead when Parliament reassembles, but the day of reckoning has been mercifully deferred. The 12th prox. is now the date fixed for the opening of the next session, but it is doubtful if it will not then be further postponed, to await the issue of the Commonwealth Constitution Bill now before the Imperial Parliament. The Premier desires to make the Bill dividing the colony into Federal electorates the first measure of the session. The 20th jMfe is, however, set as the limit boyonrTwhich' there will be He waiting. It is expected that the session Willbè'shôrt, if not sweet for all parties concerned, as it must close to give time for the general elections in October. The McLean lease ' of power has already lasted longer than anyone' expected. The reign of King Alan lies not been for tunate, and, that it will be extended is highly improbable. The Ministry is biuintiHl by a small icgi»leiiv"of'_iu.ui(>t ghosts clamouring for vengeance; and trying to drag it draw it to oblivion, if the ideal"". 'Pl, A "half ,." '"» ,l',;"ir not to perdition. One spectre or a pig. of ammunition boots sits heavily on its chest ; the apparition' of certain flannel' under-garments blasts its affrighted ye balls, and it is surely passing to its' doom of inevitable extinction. The bubonic'' plague is amongst us,' and has claimed one victim in the case of a it onion stricken at Geelong. She had previously been visiting some friends at South Melbourne, and the case proved to be One of acute 'plague of the true Asiatic type, id'whichKthe virus does not exhibit itself in gladioli-, lar BMollmgs, but' infects the whole system. The sudden, and fatal outbreak in such virulent form has made us look to our defences still more closely, and has induced a certain amount of hysterical shrieking from the ovoMim orous. It has also directed the search light on certain foul spots which have been described with a wealth of mal- odorous adjective that, in itself, bears' testimony to the stimulating effect of fear in developing the imagination, but on the whole the city is keeping itself cool, while it is making things warm, for its health officers and sanitary inspectors. This is well, for funk is a great' predisposed to any form of dreaded disease, and it should be remembered all round, that bad as the plague may be, even in Sydney if has proved far less active in operation, and far less fatal in effect, than typhoid, which, like the poor, is always with us. Mr. Van de Velde, our beet sugar expert, has at least the courage of his opinions, and he does not desert his cause because it achieved nothing more than ghastly failure. He says the fault lies not with the cause, but with the agents. He was up at Maffra the week before last, trying to strengthen the resolution of the farmers to go on growing, and pleading the case for a swinging import duty, which is to' range up to £16' per ton. He recommends beet growing' for sugar manufacture as a good industry for fnAnors with families, contemplating the working in the field of the women and children. He gave a roast beef banquet' in the city last week, said beef having been boot fattened.' He says, "the farmer who wishes to make a good thing out of beet must devote his whole attention to it," and he also says, "It is quite evident that if white men are to produce sugar at' white men's wages, it is necessary that the sugars which come from Europe, but more especially the sugar grown by alien labour in tropical countries by men working for 1d. per day, must be kept out of the colony." Pro 'directly so. Mr. Van de Velde is honest enough, but is the game worth the 'candle? The proposition is that we set women and children to work as farm labourers, and tax ourselves to the extent of £10 per ton to produce a sugar greatly inferior to that which we can buy' in open market, grown by low grade alien labour working for 4d. per day.' This is what is called raising polar bears on the Equator. Then it has to be remembered that as Queensland already produces sugar equal to Australian consumption, the excess manufactured by the beet growers, should the cultivation be' prosecuted, must be exported, and what would be the chance of competition in the outside market of an article grown under such conditions, with the superior article grown by the 44. per day man. Mr. Van de Velde is honest, but holds a beet sugar crank, and it is comforting to know that he cannot succeed, because his success would be a public disaster. The sensational developments in in portion with the Stock Exchange affair of the forged telegram, of which I wrote last week, has surprised everyone. Mr Mountain was known as an occasional punter, but he was not a large holtlp'-.or a regular Operator. He held no stock in the M. P. and T., but worked the oracle and sold on spec, no doubt intending to deliver on the falling market, following the exposure as to the bogus character of the telegram. It was a scheme as mad as it was dishonest, and it never had a ghost of a chance of success, for the transactions were all rnncollpd"no soon as the fraud was discovered, and before anything more than rumour had connected his name with the business. The brokers come very well' out of the affair, but how Mr. Mountain will eventually come but of it' remains to be seen. 