I THE CONTRIBUTOR. | VAGABOND PAPERS, BY JOHN FOSTER TEASER. LXIX.-WASHEUWOMEN. As a purely selfish person-looking after ' my own benefit first, before parading my altruism and benefiting my.neighbours! am', glad to see that already a couple of hun- ? dred Chinamen, with some six hundred to" follow, have settled in London with the laudable object of washing our clothes. You can hurl epithets at me if you like, Baying I am unpatriotic and favourable to seeing my country overrun by Chinese cheap la bour. You may.print tracts about the sor rows of the poor widow washerwoman who can't get gin for breakfast if you like. I shan't mind.- I have been the victim of the washerwoman all my life. I believe she i3 a human being, but I absolutely shut my eyea to the fact. . I should like her to be as ex tinct aa the dodo. When she is I will pay sixpence a head and take my children to Madame Tussaud's, and show them a waxen effigy of her in the chamber of hor rors, and say-"There, youngsters, that is the thing that drove your mother nearly mad long before you were born, and reduced your : father, whom I hope you respect, to using language before going to church that came perilously near to biasphemy.' Sometimes on a Monday morning when you are shav ing, and vou give a glance out of the win dow, you will see slinking in by the side en trance a rather tubby creature with a long cape and a black bonnet, which, if you cxa mined closely, you would see was three parts crape, and presented the appearance of having been well greased and then sat on by a neavy person. That is the washer woman. If 1 am disrespectful in describ ing her I am glad. It is my object. SOME CHARACTERISTICS. It is possible there are washerwomen who aire married. . But I doubt it Widowhood seems to be the primary qualification. Ihey have all seen better days and oome down in ] the world, and are so troubled with a nar Sty corf' that they have to take just a dtfop of something cult of a pale flat-sided bottle, with a cork made of newspaper, just to keep themselves "on their pin* as it was. Seven o'clock in the morning is the time Mrs. Washerwoman is usually expected to arrive and start work. It is a washtub it® a heclless sock, however, that you don t I hear the click of that side gaitc of yours till ! ten minutes 'to 8. Of course she apologies. She has had really a bad night, or Mrs. Smudge, what lives in the room above, was took bad, and she just stopped to make her a cup of tea,, or her boy had been a eatin' o' soine'think, an Was that saok she thought 'e would a died. All of which are probably lies, and yoiur wife knows they are lies, but "for peace and quietness -that cruidiinfi: principle in the domestic arrange ments of all happy households - refrains from saving so. Mrs. Washerwoman is rather disgusted that Anirvie, the servant, has not lit the copper fire, because, as she quite rightly points out, it would have saved her time. However, she is that fain't, and as the kitchen breakfast is about ready, she thinks shc will have "just a miouthtul -De fore starting the business of the day. 1-t is a tolerably capacious mouithfuJ; but let that pass. A GOOD "LAZE." At 9 o'clock she "do feel a bit more like herself," and proceeds to get ready. Une can tell bv the soap-a-ad-aoda steamy atouo sphere when she has got ready. At II o clock she must have her luinch^a. slice o_l ] cold haim, some bread and cheese, and beei. Toward? 1 o'clock-when my fingers begin to aclre with holding a pen for three hours in rescuing the hero of my story from direst peril-1 look from the window of my garret (occasionally called a, library) down into our | backvvird (which we sometimes call the giar- j den and sometimes call the lawn, according ly as we wish to impress people), and there is Mrs. Washerwoman with a basket oi wet clothes on the grass, a bundle of wet clothes in her left hand, two clothespegs m her riaht hand, and one in her mouth, pro ceeding to hang up sheets and shirts and stockings and aprons and other These immediately present full front u> the breeze, and I must say make our badvjuira or garden or lawn rather gay. I notice she casts furtive glauess towards the house. Satisfied nobody is looking she pulla the flat-sided, pale- looking bot-tie, with the newspaper cork, from lier pocket and takes a hurried sin, afterwards wiping her mouth with the back of her hand. I don t assume it is water, and I'm pretty certain it is not cold tea. I make no criticism of the spe cial beverage applicable to washerwomen. I merelv mention the fact. . At 1 o'clock comes dinner. It is more than likely it is cold beef or cold mutton, part of the remains of Sundays dinner. There are also potatoes, and cauliflower, and plum tart, and .beer-quite ordinary, vou see. However, the meal offends Mis. Washerwoman In every other household she works at she is given a good hot roast or boiled kg of mutton, and she wouldn t have come and slaved (!) in a house like this if she had known she was going to be treated in svfcli a mean and stingy manner. Annie ilares up. and in her vigorous way tells her to lump it or leave it. \\\ hereupon fihe proceeds to lump it, in no halt-hearted style. Acouple of hours later she has what is called an "early tea," just some tea and bread and butter, and a slice of cake. At 5 o'clock's the week's washing is over, the backyard can scarcely be seen for Muttering garments, and Mrs. Washerwoman washes herfeif, sits down to her real tea. with a boiled egg and some celery, and, having quite recovered her amiability, proceeds to tell Annie all the little meannesses in all the houses it is her imsfortune to wk at. Tea over, she has a final sip at her bottle, has auotiier drink of beer, and informs Annie she is pretty mean if she doesn t cut her a thick sandwich, and give her a couple of eggs and a rasher of bacon, and «»*><} tea wrapped in a piece of paper, to take away with her. Then she gets pud for her dav's 'labour, and puts on her greasy cloik -beneath which, are the eggs and bacon, and te* iand sandwich-and more greasy .bonnet, and disappears Tor a week. In- the ' course of the next two days I come across ' mv wife with a suilen face, and saying "Tut-tut." It appears that a dozen but tons liave .been broken by being through the ' wringer. Of courte, this tvt>e of washerwoman may be the excep tion. My letter-box is quite open to re ceive furious communications saying that I have scandalously traduced a respectable and hardworking section of the community. I only make, one request-that my aaml ants will write on* one side of the paper only. I can utilize the other side for writ ing next week's article upon. SOME LAUNDRIES. Also, there is something to be'said about laundries. There, I believe tliey eoak one =3 garments in chefiiical fluids, wjmcb make them speedily rot. Certanly 4o fray shirt cuffs and collars quickly I'll back a steam laundry against a whole row of penpa'tetac washerwomen. On moral grounds laundries ?should really not make a man s collar like a jagged saw." At present I am far away in the country, where conventions need w»t be observed, and where I am lounging about from morn to night in flannel tennis shirts. Only once in the last fortnight have I worn , ia stiff, stand-up collar. That was when 11 vent 'to church. I don't personally see why a man can't worship in a grey lounge suit end a flannel shirt; but it is generally un derstood to be something near sacrilege to go to- church in other than,, a sweltering frock coat, a silk hat that feels made -ol cast iron, an arinourplated Stanched shirr, and a stiff collar. Candidly, I have not the ghost of a remembrance what the sermon was about, but I can recall my thoughts about my collar that girdled my neck like a piece of dbarp-edged tin. And as. for the way laundries "do up" feminine things well, if you want a fair and firm opinion, with no shilly-shallying about it, just aslc your wife! We have been crying out for years against the ravages perpetrated by; the English laundry woman. We have lost new dress shirts and; received in return tat tered old rubbish. We have written our name on our collars in our best hand and indelible ink. Still tihey have roamed, or they have returned with strange hierogly phics worked upon them in red thread. We have written indignant letters to the laun dries, and the laundries have insisted, with laundry logic, it was all our fault. - We bave even written to tihe newspapers.' W9 have sighed to the heavens that we might have our clothes washed, in the good old simple fashion of our grandfathers. And tflie heavens have sent us a troop of China men. I would rather we had our washing done sensibly and cleanly by Englishwomen who kn.ow not the use of chemicals and glazing irons..' I would rather, if we must have Chinese washers-the neatest and best washers in tihe world-'that they had been introduced to 'this country by people with home-sounding names; but above alJ, being, as I said at the start, a selfish per son, I want my linen sweet and freah, and not frayed. If the laundries and the wa sherwomen scream at foreign oompetitiom they should take themselves into their own backyards and 'there task 'themselves for being the cause of John Chinaman coming with his tub to "all the same washee, chop chop!" 