THE WHITE LADY. The Berlin correspondent of the "Daily Telegraph" writes :-" We have not herdt of the famous "White Lady" of the Castle of Berlin for a long time; and a very good thing too, every loyal Prussian will say, for her appearance, according to a legend of the Prussian Royal SPamily, always fore bades the death of some memh'er of the isouse of Hohenzbllern. A few weeks ago, owvever. a lacquey attached to thq Im perial Court was summarily dismissed for averrlng that he' had seen her!' Funnily enough, a yourng sub-'lieutenant, who hap poened to be on duty, declared that he too had seen the dreaded spectreo walking along one of the corridors of the castle, and he informed his colonel, w'ho put him through his facings, and cross-examined him in the most serious and polite manner possible, himself thinking the incident ex iremely uncanny. The upshot of the cross examination was that l?the gall:n't colonel did get no ?stihfactory Informtlon of explanation out of his subaltern, so he ended by believing the story. Iverybody at Court Began talking jbout the roe-appearanne of the "White Ladv" and so the Kaiser got to hear of it. His Majesty is not a man to let himself be be f~oled, so ho sent for the leiutenant The terrified subaltern entered the Imperial presence ~chamber more trembling than when toe saw the ghost his Majesty, how ever, 'took no notice of his quivering lips, and treated the matter jocularly at once. The 'following tatorrogatfory ensued: ''Kaiser: What was 'the lady like. Was she.tall or short? i?noutenant: She wnas tall, your Majesty. 'Kaiser: How was she dressed? 'Lieutenant: She wore a white petticoat, your Majesty, with a white bodice, and she had a white cap on her head-a long irhlte ve,1l flowing over all. SThis seemed clrcumstantial enough, so that the Kaiser rbgan to think there must be something interesting at the back of the story. His Majesty continued, after the briefest possible pause. Was she carrying any thing? Lieutenant: Oh, yes, your Majesty. Kaiser: What did she have in her right hand? Lieutenant: A candlestick. Kaiser: And what was in her loft hand? 'Lioutenant: 'A box of matches. rhirls quite did for Kaiser Wilhelm, whose sense of humour mas immediately ti:ckledi _.t.Hburst.. o.utnta-mou??-of laughter, .tb the dire astonishment of the youlng warrlor before him. "Well, that will do," said the Kaiser at last, kindly but firmly. "Don't 1?t me enr anything more about the Whita Lady!" Then, with a knowing took, his dajesty dismissed him as fololah:--"And take my 'advice. Don't peer about in cor ridors, for you might often see ladies thore at nlght attired in white petticoats and aldices!" 