PATRIOTIC & MILITARY CONCERT. Last night the above concert, organised by a number of Kyneton girls, took place in the Mechanics', and was a great success in every way. Between 7 and 8 o'clock a torchlight procession of the Kyneton and the Temper- ance Bands, the Militia Company, and the Fire Brigade marched through the principal streets, the bands discoursing sweet music en route. The capacity oE the hall and gallery was insufficient for the occasion, which will give some idea of the number of the attendants, and the patriotic outbursts of enthusiasm and applause which happened at frequent intervals during the programme were something to be remembered. The hall had been most artistically decorated by Misses Elsie Stewart and Clara Hoyle (the joint hon. secretaries), and Misses B. Kett, M. Hall, M. Carss, M. Armstrong, A. Stewart, V. Telford, and Sandford, to whom great praise and credit is due; and the hon. secre- taries and tbeir committee deserve special thanks for the manner in which they ordered and carried through the preliminary arrangements. The decorations comprised a large number of lovely flags representing England, Ireland, Scotland, Australia, and America, flowers, and tender eucalyptus leaves. The stage was arranged in drawingroom fashion. The wing drapings consisted of a large Union Jack on one side and the Australian flag on the other; overhead were numerous small flags; the Union Jack also figured prominently on the {ace of the gallery; and the space for the orchestra in front of the stage was embellished with little flags of various kinds. The decorations, in which the colors red, white, and blue predominated, looked brilliant and beautiful. The orchestra comprised Messrs Buzza (3), T. Maxwell, J. G. Hunter, Jacobs, W. Shepherdson, and F. W- Begg, whose contributions of music during the proceedings were received with unstinted applause. The place assigned for the militia, the fire brigade, and the bands was the gallery, in which a good number of other persons had to find room, as there was none in the hall. The proceedings opened with the National fantasia, "Soldiers of the Queen," which was played by the orchestra, the audience enthusiastically joining in the chorus. Cr Hill (shire President), who occupied the chair, made a brief speech, in which he expressed the pride he felt in having been invited to preside, and the pleasure it gave him at being present, at this very largely attended patriotic concert. He then explained the action taken by the council to raise money in aid of the war distress fund, and the liberal manner in which the] public bad second^ their efforts, and he felt certain that a large sum of money would be sent from Kyneton to assist in the relief of the wounded and the widows and families of the soldiers who had been killed in fighting for Great Britain against the Boers. (Applause.) President Hill then paid a tribute to the ladies who had inaugurated and carried out the arrangements of this concert, which was one of the best attended entertainments ever held in Kyneton. T he receipts in aid of the Patriotic Fund would be large, and the result would no doubt be very gratifying to the ladies who bad initiated the movement and all others concerned. (Applause.) At the close of Mr Max Castles' song, which came nest, the audience sang " Rule Britannia," in a very enthusiastic manner. Mr Raeburn, of Castlemaine, in Highland costume, danced the Highland Fling in excellent style to violin music by Mr Buzza, and received an undeniable encore, to which be responded with a repetition of the dance. Miss Elsie Stewart, who is a popular favorite, received a hearty encore for her song '* Mid the Hush of the Corn," which was accompanied by a violin obligate by Mr Bnzza and by Sir A. M. Per kin on the piano. Mr H. Y. Wood, of Bendigo, who is a veritable vocalist, was encored for bis song, " British Still," and he responded with "The Skipper," which was also loudly applauded. Mr Charles Stocks, of Hawthorn, recited " The Burial of the Highland Brigade"—after the battle of the Modder River—his enunciation and emphasis being correct, and bis language so pathetic as to draw forth tears from several of bis listeners. At the close of the recital the audience again sang '-Rule Britannia." Mr H.i Drape, of North Melbourne, received a well-deserved encore for his comic song, "Up I came with my little lot." in acknowledgment of which he sang the equally humorous song, ^In the interval between.'' which was also received with approbation. The audience joined Mr Campbell in the chorus of bis song, "Soldiers of the Queen," which be sang in excellent voice. Immediately before the interval a lovely tableau, which had been arranged by Mrs Hyndman, was presented with limelight effects in three scenes. It represented Britannia (Miss Clara Hoyle) ! accepting troops (thirteen State school cadets in uniform) fro>n Victoria (Miss M. Beck). Britannia and Victoria were tastefully arrayed, and the postures of the whole group seemed perfect. The pictures were indeed imposing, and the applause that rang through the hall throughout the representation was deafening. Daring the interval some of those in the gallery who bad procured a dummy to represent Paul Kroger, suspended the figure on a string; between the gallery and one of the beams, and worked him backwards and forwards by means of a pulley, to the intense delight of the audience, many of whom sang with the gods in the gallery "We'll hang old Kruger to a sour apple tree," &c.; In the second part of the programme nearly ever; contribution was encored to the echo, as they deserved to be. as they were all given in capital style. Miss Gerode, of Hawthorn, whose name did not appear on the programme, sang -"England and Empire," which was much relished by the assemblage. Whilst "The Absent-Minded Baggar" was being admirably sung by Mr D. Drape a collection was taken op by members of .the Militia Company, which realised £6 15s 3d. The accompanists were Miss Spencer, Mr A. M. Perkin, and Mr Pullar (organist at St. John's Church, Melbourne), all of whom gave pleasing satisfaction. The concert concluded at 11.15 wjth a laughable farce. The singing of the National Anthem brought to a close one of the most enthusiastic, successful, and enjoyable concerts ever held in Kyneton. The following is the programme, -which was divided into two parts: —Pianoforte duet, "Valse Premiere" Mimes Spencer and Horle; song. The Death of Nelson," Mr Max Cables; dance, Highland fling, Mr Baeburn; song, -'Mid the Hush of the Corn," with violin obligate by Mr Buzza (encored), Miss Elsie Stewart; war song. "British Still" (encore, "The Skipper"), Mr H. Y. Wood ; recital, f Burial of die Highland "Brigade," Mr Chas. Stocks; song, "The Soldiers' Song," Mr Dave Drape; comic song, "Up 1 came with my little lot" (encore, - In the interval between"), Mr Horace Drape; song, "Soldiers of the Queen," Mr A. Campbell; song, "England and Empire" (encored), Miss Gerode selec- tions on Scotch bagpipes, Mr Baeburn;-duet, "Maying," Mrs M-Leodand Mr Max Castles; recital, "The Last Shot," Mr Cbas. Stocks; song,"Jessie's Dream" (encored), Miss Elsie Stewart; dance, sailor's hornpipe (encored), Mr Raeburn; humorous sketch,^"The Wedding Party" (encore, song, "He Complaints"), Mr W. Stewart; camp fire song, ""Home, Boys, Home" (encore, "Good Night"), Mr i. T. Wood; comic song, "I'm a looking at yon " (encore, "These are not the only ones"), Mr Horace Drape; song, "Hie Absent Minded Beggar," Mr Dave Drape. The concert was brought to a conclusion with a very laughable farce, entitled "The Hannted Castle." in which the • characters were taken by Mr J.T. Mulligan (Sam Johnson), Mr Horace Drape (Brave Bill), and Mr W Stewart (the Ghost). . 