"'WESTERN MAIL" CIIRIISTMAS 1NUMJBER. SOME FEATURES OF THE ISSUE. The "Western Mail" Christmas num ber will be ready for sale to-morrow after noon, at 2 o'clock. The issue in several respects surpasses its predecessors. It consists of a hundred pages, exclusive of the supplement. This supplement is a large sheet containing long panoramic views of the chief centres of population in the colony. That of Perth consists of a series of photographs taken from the tower of the Roman Catholic Cathedral, by the courteous per. mission of the authorities. It shows Perth all the way round from Lord-street south of the Cathedral, to Lprd-street north of the Cathedral. The only portion of the city shut out from view is thus the, corner of East Perth. surrounded on two sides by the Swan. In tho background are the Swan River, Mill Point, and Mount Eliza. In other portions of the issue appear some of our chief buildings and principal streets, views of Perth from the Park, and a map of Perth, so that the capital is fully illustrated. Fremantle and Fre mantle Harbour appear also on the sup plement. In addition, there are pano ramic views of the Golden Mile, Kalgoor lie. and Boulder. These latter give a comprehensive idea of the main centres on the Eastern fields, which are dealt with more in detail in the portion of the issue devoted to the mining industry. A view of Coolgardie is included in the issue. The prize stories and prize photographs will excite a good deal of interest. The stories compare favourably with those in previous years. They have a humour that was not plentiful in -revious com petitions: "The Ghost of Johnny Arm strong," by Mir. H. Benson Jackson, which took the first prize, is a ghost story with somewhat ruthless Australian adaptations that make it quite at home in Perth. "The Winning of Marion Reed," by Mr. C. Fenton. which took second place, is a tragedy of the timber mills, and gives a good idea of that little known phase of colonial life. The third story. "On Cranky's Clearing," by Mr. W. Moves, deals with the experiences of a goldfinder, who thinks farming easy till he tries it. Among the other stories are one of the salting of a mine, another of the visit of an English girl to a rather strange and amusing parsonage in Wes tern Australia, and a third concerned with sporting subjects. Readers who prefer the tried authors with an English reputation will find stories by S. R. Crockett, W. W. Jacobs, Fergus Hume, and Guy Boothby. 'ITwo Australian poems are given. It is noteworthy that of all the stories, poems, and photo graphs sent in for competition, only one of those successful--a poem entitled, "Hail. Australia l"--is by a writer out side Western Australia its author being a South Australian lady. In former years several of the prizes went consist ently to New South Wales and Adelaide. Among the illustrations there are a number showing pleasant holiday scenes in and around Perth. Others show life among the timber of the South- West, on the Eastern mining fields. in the agricul tural districts, on the stations on the Gascoyne, and in the wilder Nor'-West. Enlargements of most of the prize photo graphs are given. The finest is undonht edly the chief prizetaker-a view entitled "The Old Homestead," by Mr. C. Walker. It shows a little homestead on a clear ing in the midst of the bush. In the foreground an old man languidly leads a worn-out horse away to work-, while a boy is seen chopping firewood. There are no other signs of life. and the whole scene is one of the quiet of the country. Other views deal with all parts of the colony. Six scenes in a kangaroo hunt make a most interesting series. As has been pointed out in previous years, the photographers have a marked prefe:ence for waterscapes. If he judged by the views sent in for for competition. one nmight think that Western Australia was a land full of the rush of rivers and the murmur of running streams. One unique view shows the ereat cliffs on the south east coast, which are described so fully in the explorations of Eyre and Sir John Forrest. and which run like a giant wall for hundreds of miles along the Bight. In addition to fiction, the issue does something towards showing the industrial and social progress of the colony. The mining industry is described in detail. Farming, the pastoral industry, fruit growing. pearling. and the timber indus try are also the subject of special articles. A diary of events gives not only the hap peniugs of the past 12 months. with a most useful concentration. but the main facts in the history of Australia since the old Portuguese and Dutch explorers found the great Southern continent. The Christmas number is sold for a shilling, and should make an admirable "Christmas card" for despatch eastward by Thursday's mail. or to the old country as containing a picture of the land ce live in. 