WITHOUT A HOME. _ ? - ^ Br Mcs. Baeu. ? ♦-♦-# ? ? CHAPTER VL A BE ACTION. wShe keeps so still that I feel bad about her,' said Landlord White to his wife the next1 morn ing afteriAipy had been imprisoned' in the shed. 'Just go and take a peep at her to see that she isn't al together deadl' 'Oh, you big baby! I believe you're afraid that she is dead,' an swered .the woman: 'But to please tou I'll peep in on her.' How. busy Dave was just then, cramming down his food as if he never expected toaeeanc-ther break fast, not daring to look up lest his face should betray him. «. Why. tlbe door is unlocked, and the giii gone f' eaid the woman, in surprise. ' Gone ?' cried Dave and the landlord in a breath, springing to their feet at the same time, and rushing to the shed. ' Yes, she's gone,' repeated Mrs. White, a look of baffled rage coming over her face, ' and some one helped her, too. Was it you ?' she ' asked, turning sharply on the boy. 'Me? Mother White, who do you take me for ? After your warning last oijfht, it is hardly likely that I would interfere again. Besides, you locked the door, and I hain't no keys of.yours, have I V *? Xot that I know of,' Bbe re plied, in . a softer tone, completely deceived by his manner and look of innocence. ' i 4£uess that the spirits, which the p')|»le are talking so much aoout, ut;i[-tsu iier vu geii awav, iib said, after a few moments of anxi . ous . deliberation. ' Get out of this, you young ras cal, with your stories of hobgoblins and spirits. Who 6ays there are ghosts in this house?' asked the wromati, tvery nerve in her body shaking with superijtitious dread. \- ? A new idea flashed iuto Dave's ?brain. ' 1 say so. I see a ghost -every -nij-ht iwaiking ta tbe long pa-sag^ ii. -ar your room, moaning and. Htiiiji'ig her hands. I Have stuod.aiid watched heiC and I know it is Amy's mother, for she keeps tuV ' - H'.iut her child.' The b'ty. did not stop to.considei that j^lmsr^ are not usually invested with c -IJ.^juiaJ powers, at least not ^sirice tin- days of Hamlet, and bis listeners took tio note of it. for they stood, with distended eyes, drink ing in every word, as the boy en larged on the appearance of the un earthly apparition, wich the tradi tional white gown floating about her. ?' And if the -»irl should be dead — drownwi herself, for instance — ? not a soul in this house '11 be able to plecp for the m«aniug ? '' But Dave didn't finish the sen tence, for his mistress made a, plunge kthim, which hcdextroiisly avoided, -and fled from the kitchen, taking arefuge iu the stable, and gave ex pression to some of the boisterous mirth that was convulsing him with laughter. Two' hours after the lad j xe-entered the iun, bearing iu his '-. hand a soaked shoe, such as Amy ; Lad worn the evening before, and j lield it up to the mistress. | ' It is hers, an-i I found it swim- ; win' ou the meadow spring The j watar \nn\?f*A sn Li^r-Jc aii«J m:lil- JiltP. ' that 1 almost turned pick.'' ; The .conviction seemed to come I . on her liy degrees that she had j ..driven the girl to commit suicide, j bnp when it settled icselt into trutJi, every vestige of coimir left her face, and she fled from the soom. Upstairs her iiu-tband found her. «,nd at once su jested that the sprin-; be dragged for the body. 'ISo, no,' she cried, in alarm. *' Would you have me known as the -me who drove her to it ? Just you say & word about it, and I'll make ? The Seven Stars ' too warm to hold you.' » ' But Dave will tell it if I don't,1' persisted the man. 'Leave that to me,' she replied, -* If he breathes a whisper to any one,: he'll nbt get the chance te drown himself.' Sq it was arranged that the body should remain where it was for the rime. Word was sent to Jones' that 'Amy had run away from the hotel, and totally indifferent to her fatej they made no inquiries about The days floated by, the days Tan into weeks, a month had passed, and secure in the fearful silence that shrouded the terrible tragedy, che inmates of the tavern settled down to the old life. To be sure, the woman often started guiltily, and turned white at every unwonted sound. How ever, this fear was growing less, and some of the old asperity was com ing back to ber face, when, stand ing in the door-way one morning, she saw a sight that made her heart cease beating for a moment. At one glance she recognised the visitors, and rushed up to her room as the couple drew their horses up at the door. Peeping through the blinds to find out if they had really stopped, she flaw the gentleman lift the eir! from the saddle, and she exclaimed : *'It is her! It is Edith Mere dith!' CHAPTER VII. UNPLEASANT QUESTIONS. *» The lady is asking for me, did you say, Dave ? Just tell her that I'll be down in a moment Why ere yon standing there, staring at me like a fool ?' ''Cause you look mighty like a ghost,' was the imprudent reply of ttoe boy, as he gazed at the white face of the woman be had come to summon. A iook of rage Hashed into her eyes, and coming closer to the lad, she caught him roughly by the neck. ' Don'tyou say a word about that girl it they ask you, or I'll choke you, just so !' and her fingers closed tightly over his throat. He m;ide an effort to disengage himself, as a ray of intelligence shot into his eyes. He knew now why the woman looked so pale and snook like a leaf, for he bad seen the beautiful girl down stairs be fore, and like a dash, it came to him that she was the one that Amy had told him about. ' Iiet go my neck, and 111 pro mise you any tb ing,' lie said. ' And keep it, too f ?' Yes, indeed. Trust me to keep my word. Dave Egberts never forgets a promise.' The fingers relaxed their bold, and, breathing more freely, the boy departed to report that the mistress would be along as soon as possible. When he was gone, Mrs White took down the dress that she had worn to Amy's aunt's, more than six weeks before, and hastily made her toilet, smoothing her hair as she looked about ior the glasses winch she wore before strangers, because it looked more respectable, she thought Xot finding them, she mechanic *\\\v thriist hfir hand into her pocket and pulled out — not the glasses— but the money that Amy bad been accused of stealing. This did ^uot serve to caltn her troubled miud, but putting on the best face pos sible, she went dowry smiling 'and bowing to the lady and gentleman with aa obsequiousness that nearly upset Edith's gravity. Oscar at once broached the sub ject. ** My sister tells me that she, on a former occasion, met a young giii bete. Gaa we see her ?' 'To be sure you could, if the dear child was here ; but a tembleeeci deut has h:i!m-?ued since your sister saw her!; Tim creek was very high, aud just as the poor girl was cross ing it site iclt in, ana tuais coe last that has ever been heard of her.' ' It is very strange that 'we heard nothing of this, and living not more than eight miles from here,' replied the geutletnan, suspiciously. 'Was the body never found?' asked Edith, with a face as pale as a pond lily. ' Bless your heart, the water was too high tor anything -of that kind. Couldn't begin to drag the stream with that flood rushing along.' 'What washer name 1'. asked Oscar, abruptly. ' Amy Jones. Now I come to think of it, your sister marxied a Jones; didn't elie ?' ' My sister's marriage has nothing to do with the subject, madam. Please confine yourself to it in your remarks,'' was ? the haughty reply. Edith, 1 can see no use' in our re maining here any longer.' ' Nor L Oh, Oscar, who could havedreainedof our mission ending in this way V and the tear's sprang to her eyes. He bent; his head; and whispered : 'Be calm, ? Edith. Don't' parade your sorrow before these people^ or our secret will be theirs.' ' She hastily dried up 'her tears, aud passed out, leauing on her brother's arm, bravely, keeping back the grief that wasswelling her bosom. The horses were waiting, held by the landlord ; and lifting his sister iuto the saddle, Oscar tossed the man a crown for his trouble, and they galloped away. Miss Mere dith was a good rider, but it re quired all her skill to keep her seat, as, turning a sudden bend in the road, her horse gave a quick plunge, and shied to the other side of the turnpike. * What do you mean V asked the gentleman sharply of a boy, who bad jumped over the fence and scared the auimaL ' I mean to be here just now,' was the sullen reply. 'That's a nice way to talk to a person when he wants to be ot use to you. Oh, gollyl didtffc that old woman lie like the dickens I ' Do you know anything of the girl, Amy JouesT' asked Oscar, a dim perception dawning on his mind that he should get at the truth frout the boy. ' More'n she'd like me to tell s' — pointing i iu the direction of the house, and shaking his fist in a vin dictive manlier— -' for she said she'd choke me to death if I opened my mouth.' ' Go ou, go on,' died Oscar and Edith at once. ' Weil, I will, if you'll give me a little time,' replied Dave, puffing and blowing. ' It took mighty fast running to get here before you. and I'm almost out ot breath. About two weeks after you folks drove' away iu such high glee, Mother ?White came into the kitchen and told Amy that she had robbed her. The girl turned like a gh-»3t, and almost swore that she hadn't seen the inonej', but the woman shut her up in the wood-shed, saying that she should stay there till she con fessed. I tried to keep her out, but the old one pitched me to the other side of ttie kitchen, and threw the poor thing in more dead than alive. I was cunning enough for her, though, and after they were all asleep I stole down and took Amy out to the pump, washed her face till she came to, and gave her all the money I had to take ber to New York. Mother White really believes that she is drowned, for I brought in a shoe nest morning, letting on that I found it in the water. I did, but I put it there, too.' 'Did Amy know any one in New York ?' askedjthe gentleman. ' An old woman that used to keep house for ber father. She thought that she could find her.' 'Great Heaven i' cried Oscar, growing pale in an instant. 'Just \--1iir.tr *.f that. /-liil(l alone in the great city, without borne, friends, or money, hunting for a person, who may have moved a dozen, times since she knew her. Edith, she had far better be 'lying beneath the cold waves, I fear.' ' You don't think she has come to harm, do you ??' asked the lad. ' It is impossible to think other wise. But you meant well, and your secret shall be kept, for the time at least.'' 'You'll try to find her, may be ?' said Dave, doubtfully. ' 1 shall leave no means untried to do so. Can I aid you in any way ?' asked Oscar. ' Tf irftn fan ttpln nrifi to A situa tion, where I could find time to pick up a little learning from books now and then, I'd be mighty much obliged to you.** ' Do you want an education T* asked the gentleman, looking at him in some surprise. 'More than anything on earth,' answered Dave, with, an eagerness j that almost transfigured his homely, freckled face into a handsome one. ' I promised my mother on her dy ing bed to learn all I could— to study hard if I got the chance.' 'I'll remember your kindness to ; Amy,' was the gentleman's1 brief reply. ?- Good-bye.* CHAPTEB VIII. ALONE. « The feeling of loneliness that came over Amy, when she fully realized that she was lost in the great city, baffles description; and sinking down on a step, weary and hungry, the girl began to cry. The beauti ful faith in a divine power, which had been instilled into her mind from early infancy, seemed to recede from her. Presently a man's foot steps sounded on the pavement of the lonely street near ber, and she jumped to her feet with a cry of alarm. The stranger came close enough to speak. \ ' Don't be alarqaed,' he said, ' I'll not hurt you. What are you doing out so late 1' His tone and kindly manner re assured her, and going toward him, she exclaimed : ' Oh, dear, kind sir, I am lost. Please, will you put me into Thirty -second street? I have just arrived here, and must look for my friends.' The pale beams from a neighbor ing gas-lamp fell on her face, and its exquisite beauty struck the man at once. Turning to the light he; took out his watch. ** A beautiful girl lost in this great city at two o'clock in the morning ! Who'll be the wiser if she's never heard from at home ?' he thousht. *( Have you any friends ?' he asked, aloud. ' None except the one I am look ing for,' was the imprudent reply. ' 1 am an orphan.' A gleam of triumph shot into the man's eyes. ' Suppose you go home with toe to-night, and find your friends in the morning,' he said, in an insinuating tone. ' You are very, very kind to me. Papa always told me that God would answer prayer, and I was praying when you came along. I am sure He sent you to help me,' she added, eagerly, ashamed of the weak doubts that had arisen in her hour of periL The gentleman — he was well dressed, and called himself one — smothered an exclamation of dis gust before it left his lips, and draw ing her hand through his arm, hurried her along at a rapid pace. After fifteen minutes of fast walk ing, he paused before a handsome house, took out a latch-key, un locked the door, and ushered his strange guest into his home. She entered without a doubt of honour of the man, felt no misgivings for the future, aud laid her head on the soft pillow, when she was shown to her room, with a prayer of thanks on her lips to the Father, who had been so mindful of her. fTo be Continued.) 