TEE FAMOUS WHITE LADY. The Berlin correspondent of the "Daily Telegraph" writes: — We -have not heard of the famous "W-hke Lady" of the. Castle of ' Berlin for a long time; and a very good thing too, every loyal Prussian will say, -for licr appearance, according to a legend of the Prussian royal family, always forbodes tne ueaui ot some mciuuer ot tne tiouse ot Hohenzollern. A few weeks ago, however, a lacquey attached to the imperial court was summarily dismissed for averring that he had seen herb Funnily enough, a young sub lieutenant, who. happened to bo on duty, de clared that ho too had seen the dreaded spectre walking along one of the corridors of the castle, and he informed his colonel, who put him through his 'facings, and cross- examined Iiiiii in the-most serious and'poiite manner possible, -himself thinking the inci dent extremely uncanny. The upshot of the cross-examination was that the gallant colonel could get no satisfactory informa tion or explanation out of his subaltern, so lie ended uy believing the story. - Everybody at. court began talking about the reappearance ot' the "White Lady," and so the Kaiser got to hear of it. His Majesty is not a man to let himself be befooled, so ho sent for the lieutenant: The terrified subaltern entered the imperial presence chamber more trembling than when lie saw tiie ghost; his Majesty, however, took no notice of his quivering lips, and treated the matter jocularly at once. The following in terrogatory ensued: — Kaiser: What was the lady like? Was she tall or short? Lieutenant: She was tall, your Majesty. Kaiser: How was she dressed? Lieutenant: -She wore a white petticoat, your Majesty, with a white bodice, and she had a white cap on her head— a long white veil flowing over all. This seemed circumstantial enough, so that the Kaiser began to think there must be something interesting at the back of the story. His Majesty continued, after the briefest possible pause: Was she carrying anything? Lieutenant: Oh, yes, your Majesty. Kaiser: What did slio have in her right hand ? Lieutenant:' A candlestick. Kaiser: And what was in her left hand? Lieutenant: A box of matches. 'Phis quite did -for Kaiser W-ilhelm, whose sense of humor was immediately tickled, lie burst out into roars of laughter, to the dire astonishment of the young warrior be fore him. "Well, that will do," said the Kaiser, at last, kindly but linnly. "Don't.let me hear anything more about tlie 'White Lady''! Then, with a knowing' look, his Majesty dis missed him us follows: '.'And take my ad vice. Don't peer about in corridors, . for you might often see ladies there at night attired m white petticoats and bodices." - 