A SOLDIER'S GHOST STORY Iu the year 1799 there was a large garrison at Dover, as there was at that time a constant expectation of an at tack from France. There "were six battalions at Dover, four of which were quartered in tho Castle. On 14th January there happened an event which made a great, impression on the garrison, and which ' was never ex plained. Among the men whose duly was sentry-go on that night was Giles Markham. a native of Tewkesburv. who was what is called " a character." A bold, boisterous, rollicking fellow, he always loudly expressed a disbelief iu things which were, not vouched for by bis own senses. On the night of 14th January, 1799, Giles Markliam went on to take his turn of sentry duty at eleven o'clock, aiid lie was to be at his post until one in the morning. The air was cold and bracing. Within the guard- house a large fire blazed merrily, and the men were merry, too. Markham,. who was al ways the leading spirit among Ids com rades, was full of fun,- and had enter tained ; them with many- a story and jest. At length his turn for duty came, and he reluctantly turned out. Dullness fell upon the guardhouse when he left, and most of the men dropped into a dose. The fire was be ginning to burn low when suddenly the voice of the sentry at the guardhouse door was heard calling out, and some one rushed into the room. Everyone was awake in a minute, and the intru der was seen to be Giles Markham. His cheeks were white, his limbs trembled, his firelock, which he had brought with him, fell with a crash to the ground. The whole of the guard were by this time alarmed, and all crowded round the man find asked in one voice— " What's the matter, Markham ? What has happened ?" " I have- seen my mother," gasped the unhappy man. " Seen the devil !"- said the sergeant. " And suppose yon have, why did you quit your post ?" -Was I to go into, the sentry-box while my mother was here T' demand ed Markham, shaking from head . to foot as if in an ague fit: . " I tell yon; I: couldn't do It-rno, not if - It were to save my life." . It ,won't dor Mfffkham > said. the. sergeant. - '-'-ltyeflfact fbat there: are such things as the Articles of War. . It - won't do to crack, yonr jokes at the ex- pense of them." :But Markluun's manner so impressed the mcn4hat some of them almost un consciously noted the time by - the guardroom -clock. It was . flve-and- ! twenty minntes to one, and a ffiemoraii- dnm was made of the time. , " I am sorry for you, Markham," said the sergeant; " but this mast he re ported to the officer, niid you - mast / take the consequences." . I don't care what the consequences : may he, or to whom you report me," t he replied. _ When . the officer arrived, . he, ot coarse, demanded an explanation. . Markham, who had by this time re covered, bis self-composure, then gave the following account of his advea- ture \- "You know where, my post was," be said, "on the platform of Number Five batter-,' which, overlooks the sea. The sentry whom I relieved reported 'All well.' Over the surface of- the Channel, . as far : as -my eyes conld reach, not a thing was moving. . The noises from the town grew' every mo ment less , and less, and at last they, . died away, so that, when the clocks struck twelve there was not a squad except the roar of the sea. I have often done duty on that post before, but never have I felt the silence as 1 did to- night. I was thoroughly de: pressed by the stillness and loneliness around me. And then I fell a-think- ing. I thought of my past life, and I knew that it had not been all it ought to have been. 1 thought of my mother, aud I remembered how -she used to weep over my father's loose life— and it was a very loose life— and how she used to pray that I might turn out e better man than he was. Poor mother ! 1 stood beside the gun, and wept like a baby as I thought of her, and of what she would think of me now. After a time the feeling' wore off, and I laughed at myself for giving way to silly, sentimentalism. I faced about, aud walked to the end of my beat, aud tlicu, feeliug tired, made for the sentry box. Sir, you may not be lieve nie, but as there is a heaven above us, there at the box stood my mother. She was pale, and looked at me with au expression of sorrow that cut me to the heart. I was glued to the spot- I could not move. ' I heard her voice She said, This day twelve months we shall: meet again." The words srnotf me, and I, who was never frightenet before, quaked with fear— fear of what I know not. I' tried to speak, but couldn't. At length I found feeling re turn to my legs, and I bolted. Believe me as you like, every word I have said, sir, is true." " You have told a strange story. Markliuin," said the officer, " to accourn for your commission of a serious mili tary offence. But I will do this inuci for you. A prisoner you must be, and a report must be scut in to-morrow to the colonel ; but he shall he told your tale, aud as you have 'been a good, soi dier, I will beg liis leniency for yoi You are a native of Tewkesbury, you say. Does your mother live there ?" " I have every reason to suppose so,": answered Markliam. " It is year, since I have seen lier or written. W her." " " Very well," said the officer, "you" mother shall be written to ; and you. fate will depend on the answer." Markham was kept ' a prisoner tlu; ; night, and was reported next morniu; Two letters were despatched by tl.. colonel, one to Markhnm's mother, an -, another to the clergyman of the parts': in which she was supposed to residi In due course there came hack answer; to both letters. One was in the ham/ writing of Markham's father, and tl"- other from the parson. The latti : stated that he had received an intini:< tion tlie very morning when t) colonel's letter reached him that tl." woman concerning whom the inquiri- ; had been made was to be buried ne: day. Markham, seuior, iu- his letter, stated that his wife had died at ha! past twelve on the night of 14th Jan.: ary. The news made so much impres sion on tlie colonel that Markham w:..-. released. Time rolled on until a year had goi: and Markham's regiment was at As ford. When I4th January cams rouu . again Markham seemed as healthy s . ever. He had gone through a ha::.' fatigue duty iu the day, and when bed time came he gladly tumbled in, sayii a cheery "Good-night" to his cou. rades. ' That was at ten o'clock. Som two hours and a half afterwards o: of the men of Markham's coinpa'n. who had had lea re to be late, camel : aud was a bit noisy. Some of the men ' woke up, and Markham's voice wr - heard saying, " I am coming, mothei It was 12.30 on the 14th of January .Markliam was found dead in his b: the next morning, with a neacefi happy look in his face.— "Goldi .. PenDy." 