The Coningham Divorce Case. THE JURY DISAGREE. Great public interest was taken in the case of Coningham v. Coningham and O'Haran, which occupied Judge Simpson and a special jury of 12 for 10 days. £5000 damages was claimed by the pe ; The petitioner, Arthur Coningham, appeared in peifcon. -There was bo appearance on behalf of the respondent, Alice Stanford Coningham. Mr. Want. Q.Q.K and Mr. Ralston, instructed by Mr. T. M. SUt tsiy^ appeared for the co- respondent, the Bev. Bsois Francis O'Haran. This was a salt in which the petitioner, Arthur Coningham, sou ghtu dissolution of his marriage with his wife, Alice Stanford Coningham, on the ground of adultery with die Bev. Denis Francis O'Haran, who was joined as co lespoodent. On the conclusion of the evidence on the eighth day of' hearing Mr. Want addressed the jury for the co- respondent.* He said thitno matter what view they had about the cass they most admit that a grave responsibility rested upon him. The task before him bad been made a difficult one by the intelligence ehowu by petitioner and his wife during ths course of the case. The other side brought Mrs. Coningham into court at tbe lost minute. IThless she came as a willing witness, Mrs. Coningham could not be com pelled to give evidence of her own misconduct. He (Mr. Want) laboured under two great difficulties. One was the disadvantage always attending the de fence of a man against whom a charge was laid by a woman. I'he second difficulty was that he had to cod test this case with the petitioner conducting Mb own cause. They found that the petitioner was backed up by two astute attorneys, and - was in constant communication with taem. Necessarily the Judge must t sk questions himself and prevent 'the admission ct improper evidence, and the jury must not think ikat wasiecause the Judge Ieaned-to one side. A. greater trouble was the latitude necessarily allowed to '? a person conducting his own case. It was* necessary for him (Mr. Wanl) to refer to a remark made by Mr; Horn in bis opening address. That gentleman said they were all aware of a certain prosecution arising out of tbf a case, and challenged him (Mr. Want) to say whv the solicitor had been prosecuted and not Mr. Coningham. Well, he would say that if that had bsan done tbe law would have stepped in to - prevent tho cases being heard until this caae was decided, cr tint I his cafie would have to await the issue of the others. Meanwhile this charge would be 'hanging over Dr. O'Harau'B bead for month*. But in tnis case the co-respondent came scraight-forwardly aad laid his whole life bare to them to compel his accusers to prove the charges if they could. The jurv might believe tho evidence for tbe petitioner; they might \- believe that for tbe co-reepondeut ; or they might consider that the case was not proved, arid then as his Honor had s id they must give tbe co-respondent the benefit of the doubt. He, however, wauted nothing of tiio kind, because if the co-respondent went from tbe Court with a, verdict of the jury that they did not know whether he was guilty or not, be would go forth a disgraced man. He wished this jury to ask themselves whether the respondent had given- a word of evidence in respect of any offence committed, ex cept that she said the doctor bad conamitted impro prieties.' The dwenpbons givea of the- places where; ?i' toe improprieties Occurred ? ware msre ♦* .jjaddiug,*** iecause the respondent had been at those places '. ifcany Mines, andiwss familiar with t&| Catnedral and presbytery. With regstrd'to the -written cenfessioi ' $ated July 3, he would ask.the jqryto take the doeu- - jnent and holtt it i&p; to: the light. ' He contended that, the date ' 8rd ' 'was inserted after the oilier pdrtioii was written, and that the ' rd ' had bes& altered i torn' nd as though it tad originally been '2nd '' or '? 22nd.' Yet both the petitioner and the respon dent twore that no alteration had been made. The Petitioner swoie that his wife confessed to him in Slay ; but that he did not get the written confes sion until July, yet they had lived together, ' occupying the eame apartment, and it' was not until September that, the petitioner filed his petition. He would direct the jury's attention most particularly to thiB phase of the 'case, because it tended to show that the case was a ' plant.' Mrs. Coningham, when asked whether sh& had iwJt &one; about ia widow's weeds in Busbane uurler tho name of Mrs. Rogers, at first declined to answer. Sbo afterwards said that her mother advised her to do so jbecause it would look mere esnsibla to appear as a married woman or a widow at the soldiers' canteen. .He called attention to the evidence given by JMre. Gorman as to respondent's life in JBriubaue. Miss Shiels was called by the petitioner ia the hope that sbs would .a«s/st him in proving his tyie. The only thmg which they .bad .gotfiom_her »aa thit Dr. O'BCsran hadaivbed her against ad-: yascwg Mrs. Coningham any more money. Was that the kind of advice which, would have been expected itom him if he had been RuUly of what was' charged? He W3u|d ateo1 draw the attention of the jury to tbe letter written to respondent by. Miss Shiels, in *hich the latter was atked to enlist the co- respon dent's services in obtaining a position for the pe titioner. Everything went to show that the respondent was poor, and her child was ill and likely to die— and under these circum stances, wonld she not have asked for assistance from Dr. O'Haran, even as a piiest ? But she did not attempt to snow that she ever sought assistance except from Miss Shiels. Alter review ing the circumstance* under which the Coninghams Vere living he would ask the jury to particularly . consider tbe alleged confession iu writing. It was addressed to the General Post Office. When Jus Honor directed attention to the absence of a ^airfield postmark, respondent explained that sir*. Millar brought it to town and posted it. In that letter she fixed July 3, 1898, as the date of the firet just of misconduct. Dr.. O'Haian's accuaers Bad fixed upon days when they were certain Ins would be at Sp. Mary's Cathedral. He 3(Ut. Want) at bis Honor's suggestion bad ontv dealt specifically with four or five or the dates ?mentioned, and if the jury were not satisfied with tbs disproof there tbe case was beyond his com prehension. He suggested to the jury that Ma. Coningham had substituted one; confession for nuQther when i t was found that.a witness regarding mer early life had come from Brisbane. He quoted tfrom a letter written by respondent on July 10, 1900, ? jafrerthB confession to Mim Shiels, and whan it was presumed she bad no further claim on the petitioner. &p; that iBtter she said, her husband would have to Jtobp her always and work for it. ? Was thai the letter of awoman wtftj wa^ati cutcsBt anil' had' 'Sjrfeited ;...-- ^conditions under which the Duties lived at Stanmore; ' ' ,'v ;. ;33ailiughurst,'anil Park-roadv Gould they, with a fewwledee of these tifcwngs.sa^ that a jnry xjould, go ' Srome with a clear coaecitnee if thev found against His - *j-cfispxmdenfr? - Ths ceftiScafeif lie birth of the' child which was born in November-was certified.by :^ , 'Arthur Coningham, father.' The petitioner also . *rr»te a, letter, which wa3 in evidence, just alter the Mth of this child. The letter of October 3, written ky respondent to her husband, asking; him to come iwck aud prayinz hint to come upin a forgiving ,racod,wa8 one which he contended was- not a genuine one, seeing that the petitioner came b-uck on the 5th 5»M paid the bill far Ihe lcdgings of the . lamUy. He. had, moreover, only been' 'away ??» ^ays^ fad: bad gone travellings. Petitioner took bis wife and family away somewhere else after leaving J&at; boatding-house. In the old da.ys before »? Divoics Court was instituted, when ife. . Was necesaary to get a biil through ' Parliament, the Home of Lords held that if a man occupied the suns room with as wif* tbere wb» eondoaatioB. Nsvertheless, he would not ask the jary to decide 4his case on.the ground of condonation, but to do it on a dean cut, clear issue ; not oa the {[round pi not proven, but on the issue raised in court, so that Dr. O'Haran could go forth from the court either a dis graced mill, unfit to associate with has fellows, or with tbe verdict that be had not been guilty of the awful charge made* against him. ; Mr. Want then cited Timirrma y. Kmmons, 3 Haggard's Ecclesias tical Reports, page 84, also Miller v. Miller, Qusen's House of Lards Case.*, 684. * Mr. Want's address to the jury bad not concluded' when the Court adjonrned. ' ? On the Court ineetmg on the ninth day, Mr. . Want continued his address. He asked the attention of the jury to the letters written by the reepandent to persons other than her- husband ; she alluded to bun as 'Connie.' In her letten to her husband the respondent addressed him as ' My dear husband.' The petitioner paid for bis wife's board at Mrs. Abrabams's, and then took her away to Mrs. Bray's. He himself, however, weut to lodge at Jesmond-place, though he went to Mrs. Bray's, and stayed some nights in the same room with his wife. Mr. Want pointed out how easy it was for the respondent tofix dates when she knew when aCatiolic priest was bound to be at his post. But the co respondeDt was able to tell his movements on those dates. Apart from respondent's evidence there was absolutely nothing against the co-respondent ; in fact, all th6 evidence was in his favour.- Some comment was made because most of these witnesses were Catholics, But they would not expect Cardinal Moran 'xo officiate at St. James' ; and, on the other hand, it was only rea sonable that Dr. O'Haran would know and be known by people of that faitfa of which he was a minister. If, however, they were prepared to discount the evi dence of Roman Catholics, then they must remember that Mrs. Coningham was a member of that Church. When the respondent first told her story she had for gotten that the old stope- wall and the other obstruc tions prevented bcr going the war she said she Went with the co- respondent. The 'jury -had seen the «lace, and would, know that respondent had blundered, in spite of her knowledge - of the locality. He asked the jury U they disbe« \- lieved Mrs. Coningham after the alibi proved by Dr. O'Haran with reference to Jane 29, to also diebelieve the story she related with reference to July 3, which it was alleged took place pursuant to an appointment made on the former date. Then respondent picked on St. Patrick's night, when she knew that Dr. O'Haran was in the habit of going with the Cardinal to the concert. Fortunately for the co-respondent, be had to go to the concert early, and if the jury believed all the witnesses who testified ! to Dr. O'Haran's movements on that night then they must disbelieve Mrs. Coningham's evidence. On all important points the evidence on behalf of the petitioner was contradicted, even to the naming of the child born in November. He did not want to rely on Dr. O'Haran' s own sworn testimony ; he was willing to deal with the otoryof the peti tioner and his wife, aud to show from their own evidence that they bad failed in the;r attempt and that Dr. O'Haran was absolutely innocent of the cbaree laid against him. ' Petitioner then addressed the jury. He said that Mr. Want had pointed out that the only witness he had was Mrs. Coningham. He would, however, poiot out that all his ^witnesses were adherents of thV Roman Catholic Church and it was with difficulty that he got any answers* rum them. He had fought this case alone, while on the other side there -was the ablest counsel at the^Bar^ As soon as he became aware of his wife's tnfidislity 'he wrote to the core Spoiideut, but the letters which he had written were : not produced m court. . If there was one word of blackmail in them he would ask- tho jury : whether they would not ? bare bees brought into ? court. From his childhood he (petititioner) had had nothing to do with courts of law ; this was the first case with which he had been connected. He would ask the jury to dis regard the suggestions of collusion Bet up by the co-respondent, because there was no evidence what ever to prove it. There was not one breath of sus picion against the character of respondent since her -aarrjsge, except this misconduct with the co-respondent, and all the astuteness of the other side had not been able to establish it. All that Mir. Want could bring out against him was a dishonoured cheque for £2 5s, There was no crime in that. He asked the jury what should be the punishment of a man whose duty it was to direct the erring into the paths \\-f virtue if they feund tbeBO charges proved. Was it likely that the. co- respondent would admit the truth of these charges -against him ? He asked the jury iu weighing the tsstimony to judge by the demeanour of respondent under cross-examination in the box. What could be a woman's object in . telling this story ? . The opposing counsel had never: even suggested a motive. He directed the jury's attention to the difference in the evidence of the co-rotpondent, Langton, and the boy O'Brien re ; gaxding a message alleged to be sent to Mrs. Coning- ham about the baby. There was also a discrepancy in co-respondent'a account of the giving of the harp to Mrs. Coningham. Co-respondent had sot accounted for his depart ure from bis usual custom in putting bis initials and date on the dark part of tba ' photograph instead o$ bis full name on the mounting. He asked the jury; to believe Mrs. Con- ingham's account of the gift of the photograph, aud commented npon Dr. O'Ha ran's evidence regarding the telephone message. As to the night of March 17, there was one matter of which the jury wera entitled to fake cognisance. It was sworn that that was the only night on which Dr. O'Harau was not punctual at bis appoiutment. A conclusion could be drawn from that. Bespec'-ing. ' the confession made in writing by tbe respondent, it was in the same state now as when it was received by. him. . He had made no alteration whatever in it, but whether the respondent bad struck out anything after she wrote it, and before she sent it to him, he could not say. It was sworn by him that the. confession was now in the same state as when it came into his hands, and he repeated that oath. The letters written to Miss Shiela which had bean pat in evidence went to prove that there ?chad been, and could bs, no collusion between himself and his wile. He (petitioner) had promised respondent that he would not proceed to extremes, and Mrs. Coningham wrote to Miss Sfaiels on that assumption. Had there been collusion Mrs. Coning- ham would not have written these letters. There was a. matter connected' with the man Hsory James or Grimshaw. This man served the petition on the respondent, and she said he advised her to tear ; up tho petition and not appear.. They also found that tbj& man was acting for-ihe other side. H« asked \- the jury to diBoount tbe evidence of Mrs. Gorman as to the charscter of his wife daring toe time, he jjpejtiliqner} wos.in England. There was evidence pn direct contradiction to it, aud the records of the ' ? CBUiit would show: on which -aide the truth lay. i I£« combated Mr. Want' b statement that witnesses ; had: been manufactured. It was unnecessary for him ? : to go into, the remarks made by the opposing counsel as to his legal assistants. As to his own character, if there was anything against it the other side wculd h&ve; brought evidence about, it. Mr. Want had called' him a blackmailer, but he had pat his peti tion on the records of tbe court, and claimed £&000 damages. That did not make bun a blackmailer, and; be defied the opposing side to briog an atom of 1 proof that he had ever .attemptsd.to get a penny out of Dr. O'Haran. He did not want a penny of the damages. Mr. Want had sought to show that there was collusion between respondent and himself, but no answer of thai kind had been filed, and if it were he asked the jury to say tiat that did not affect the guilt or otherwise of Dr. O'Hana, Tjbere wwnDtMogstraage about the* posting of his wife's confession to him in the dry. He would never have sought justice in tbe court if his letters to the co-respondent had been answered. He drew the attention of ihe jury to tbe consistency between his evidence and that of his wife, which went to contradict the theory of concoction. Various stories were told by the witnesses about the co-. respondenfs attendance at the Town Hall on St. Patrick's ni;ht,'lS99- but he could easily have been at the presbytery between 7 aril 8 o'clock, as well as at the Town' Hall. He asked the jury if it were likely th»t any' woman would tell. such, a story as tbe - witness Langton said Mrs. Coning- ham told bim. Mrs. Coningham came to tbe court and told her stoty straightforwardly,* and he thought that in all Mr. Want's career he had never met such & witness. He asked the jury to judge between the demeanour of respondent and the co-respondent in the witness-bnx. Mr. Want asked for a clean-cut issue — that was all he (petitioner) wanted. He stood there for nine days to fight the ease penniless and alone, fighting against braius and money. He hoped their verdict would mete out a punisbmeut that would deter others from guilt. The jury had seen the witnesses and hsard the evidence, and he left the matter in then- hands. The Court at 6.45 p.m. adjourned until 10 o'clock the following day. His Honor, in summing up, said the peti tioner's story was clear and distinct. ' There was a somewhat parallel case, Cioeci v, -Ciocci. Jn that case tbe wifesoughtajudicialseparation from her husband, and it had been stated in£Uppo:t of the charge of mis conduct made against him that he bad been seen talk ing to women of bad character. The husband set up tbe defence'-tbat he was a member oEa prisoners' aid society, and did so io the courss-of his duty. In that case the Judge said that tho presumption in favour of innocence should be acted upon it there wu auy seasonable doubt. Without ocular proof it was im possible to be absolutely certain in cases of these kind ; but the law required thai they should be satis fied in their oirn minds beyond reasonable doubt* ''Let '.them, isk ' thsmselves.'m' their 'own miedfe, 'doing1 justice to all pirtiee, not considering one party be fore the other, whether they were satisfied. They were not to s&arch; .about - for doubts. This was not ? a case in which they could find a verdict of miscon duct against Mrs. Coningham and uot aganst Or. O'Haran. That would be almost as serious a thins for the co-cespondent as a verdict against him. This was not a case where tbe confession was made outside the Court. It was made inside the Court, and was evidence against the co-respondent. Referring to the question of damages, it was per fectly true that not one penny of the money, if a ver dict were givan for £5000, need go to petitioner. He (his Honor) could settle eveij penny upon the children, or as a provision for the maintenance of the wife. Somebody had probably told the pe titioner that, possibly Mr. Abigail. He (bis Honor) did not see any impropriety in that. Mr. Mess's action in the case was a very serious step !« take, sod it might hays a serious effect upon the minds t-f the jury. He found no fault witb Mr. Moss, and only referred to . it because one witness stated that he saw Coningham going there. What Mr. Want said was .. also perfectly true, that napower could compel Mrs. Coningham to give evidence of her misconduct. There was no attempt . on- her part to take advantage of her privileges. She came as a voluntary aud willing witness. 6iie had a ; consultatiCn^witha.baraster having a large practice in the Court j aud'She had not Been 'fit to' be repre sented at the trial.. 'There had in this case been no : defence1 of condonation. . As the petitioner said; that had nothing to do with the . question of misconduct. In fact, there must be an offence before it could be condoued. Csndonatioa'did not obliterate an offence, but in law it had a serious bearing on the cobs. If Mrs. Coningham had set up and pioved condonation,, even if the issue had beeu proved' against the co respondent, tbe petitioner could not have got a penny damages, and he (his Honor) would have had to dismiss the petition, as against Dr. O'Harau. Condonation was not set up — the defence was a denial and a counter, charge of con spiracy. The only way in which condonation came in was as to how it affected tbe question whether these two people were woikins; togetaer. If, under all the circumstances, they believed Mrs. Coningham, they must find a verdict in favour of tbe petitioner, no matter bow it affected Dr. O'Haran.' Ttie conse quences were almost as- serious as if the co- respon- dent wore on trial for his life. Charges of black mailing had often been made, but that was no reason why in this case the woman's Etory was not true. The jury had nothing to do with taose other cases. He was sorry that thfj doctrine of absolution had been brought into the cose. It was stated taat a man might be guilty of misconduct oq Monday,, go to confession and get absolution, and. then come to the witness-box and, say that he had not been guilty of misconduct. Dr. O'Haran said there was no such doctrine. Father Creegao. — who brought his own Bible to be sworn — said it was nut the teaching of the Ct urch that a man could get absolution and be considered as. not having com mitted any sin. . He (his Honor) always, thought it was the doctrine of the Church of Komo — and, indeed,, of the Christian religion— that if a sin was forgiven then it was wiped out. One of the priests did say that the absolution was, ' I absolve thee from thy sins in the name of tbe Father, Sou, aud Holy Ghost.' There was some difference as he understood it bstween the explanations given by Father Cregan ' and Dr. O'Haran— at any rate, in the first part of the latter'a. evidence. He quoted from tbe evidence to show the doctrine of the Church of Rome on this point,, and he asked the jury if it was not tbe doc trine of the Christian religion aud of the Scriptures. Did it follow from that tint every Roman Catholic was gofug to come into the witcess-boz and tell lies P He had had Roman Catholic servants, and bis ex perience was that when they were good Gatholica they were honest, reliable, and truthful. If the juty believed the evidence of- Mrs; Atock, MLsi .iFohnstone, Miss Holluigdale, and Father Byrne, then . the story .related by Mrs. Coningham as to the oc currences of June 29 could not be true. Petitioner said these people put their heads together to get their prieet * out of it. The evidence of Father Byrne was clear, _ and was very important. Petitioner tried to put it to them that the whole Church was concerned m this caae, and that the witnesses had evrom for the Church; Had Father Byrne given fake evidence to save the Church ? As to March 17. 1899, respondent- gave evidence of misconduct having token place at the Cardinal's Hall, and that she went to tne theatre afterwards; She was then m evening dress. Was that story told ; by the respondent one iu which- the jury thought i they, could place reliance-? -Did. they thiuk, aomen ' of the world, it was a reasonable one ? She bad- to ; meet her own sister immediately afterwards, and her evidence was_t tint. ehe walked across the park, met i her Bistier^ went'- to the opera, aadinet her own hus band after the opera was over. A number of wit-: nesses were called on behalf of the co- respondent— Mr. Purcell, Mr. Murphy (president of tbe St. Tin ; ceut de Paul Society), and others— all swore that Dr. : O'Harau was at the Towu Hall on that night. Re spondent had, however, fixed no time in tbB evening . at which this nusconduc t took place. It was asked why Mrs. Bostock was not called, but what could- she have proved ? He referred to tbe telephone message sent to Mrs. Atock. It was common politeness far any person asked to dinner to apologise if he could not go. A message-was sent, but it was after Dr. O'Haran arrived at the priest's house. There was no accouuhng for different ideas or actions of different people. Dr. O'Harau may-bare been too busy to go, .and he said he had dinner in fee middle of the day. He alluded to the prayer-books given by the co-respondent to Mr. Purcell asd Miss Qalvin. sod they were placed before the jary for what they were worth. raUhoaw bad asked for photographs (riven to other ladies,, bat it was manifestly impossibla for a- psnon to always trace such gifts. Thaw dates— June 29 aut March 17— were most important as bearing on ths truth or otherwise of respondent's evidence. She did sot adr to correct her evidence on these points, ant maintained that her story was true. There were the letten written by the respondent to Mies SbieSs, and they were put into the hands of the jury, for all they were worth. The let'.er containing the alleged confession required very serious consideration. Was : the date '3r4fuly' inseitedin the letter after it was written ? He. would not say any more about that -rthe letter spoke for itself. Were these tbe genuine letters of a wife admitting her guilt and begging for giveness F Then they had to consider the coudactof the parties after the petition was served— what did that mean ?? The petitioner's case was not to be pre judiced by Mr. Mosij'b withdrawal. Petitioner's re ; gistration pf the child's birth took place when he. had ; no knowledge oX his -wife's misconduct. The evi dence of the boy O'Briea that Mrs. Coningham sent tip a meteage to Dr. O'Saran to gee the child was not to be lost sight of. If Dr. O'Haran had to go down to see e rery child baptized at the Cathedral or to feel the weight* of it hi3 time would be pretty well occu pied. Mrs. Coningham's de3ire that Dr. O'Haran should see the child was quite contisteut with co respondent's innocence— it was a circumstance, that was all. He placed before the jury a dige it prepared by the associate giving the dates and places whan and where misconduct was alleged to have occurred. Co respondent said all this was untrue. He did not think that the fact that respondent had had a misforinne in her early life should of itself impair her credibility. Both petitioner and respondent said that up to the time of the acts of misconduct they had led a happy life. Tfiere was nothing in all this case against the ' petitioner except that he was accused of being a blackmailer. It was admitted that petitioner nod ' wntteu to Dr. O'Haran, ~ but the letters were not put ? in evidence. His Honor went 4h detail through the ? evidence. The issue -was,, he said, did the jury belters : ths respondent ,or Dr. O'HaranV If they believed her ' then they wonld'give a verdict ibr 'the petitioner; if \- thev believed JDr. O'Haran they won d. find a verdict in his favour. If, however, they found for the pe : titioner, they would have to consider the question of damages, and in determining to 'what damages the petitioner was entitled the jury must remember that thev weie not there to in any way punish the co respondent. If they awarded only a single shilling to the petitioner with a view of punching Dr. O' Quran they were doing that which they were not authorised to do. Tbe damages must be by way of compensa tion to the petitioner. Did Dr. O' Haran take advan tage of his position as a Homau Catholic priest to act improperly with the respondent was a question which could be takeninto cousideratiou in estimat ing damages. They could also consider whether th» parties had lived a happy life, whether the respon dent was a woman of easy moials, whether bhe was devoted to her husband, and generally to consider tht terms upon which the parties lived. He would not formally conclude his summing up that mgtit, but would defer it until tbe following moruing. On the 10th day (December 14) his Honor coutinusi his summing up. He said, referring to the evidence gives by the respondent that she was served with a peiicion by a man who said his name was Henry James, employed in Mr. Abigail's office, but whom she aftern-arks followed and -found to be a .man 'named Grimshaw, employed in Mr. Slattery'e office ;- that evidence was not contradicted;; but wbetiier it meant anything or not was a matter- for 'the ?juryi not for him. Ajb he had. said, on the previous day, it might be possible that he had. severed Sub connection with Air. Abigail's office since he served '? tbe . petition and bad ; come in some way or other to b« connected with the other side. He would leave in to the jury. There, was another matter. The peti ? tioner oad made some remarks respecting tiie doctrine of the Church of Rome that a person might commit a sin, confess it, make what we call a good confession, and receive absolution, and the sin was forgiven. The petitioner put it to the jury that a fioman Catholic was perfectly justified according to the doctrine of bis Church, in believing that tbe sin. was absolutely wiped out by receiving absolution. The petitioner suggested to them that a man might commit adultery on Monday, go to confession, make what was called a good confession, receive absolution, and that ' he might then go into the witness box and conscientiously swear that he hod never committed adultery at all. Was that the doc trine of the Church? Dr. O'Haran and Father. Cregan said there was no such doctrine. He had heard that a lot of people balievM that such a sug sugestioa as that put forward by the petitioner was true ; and . it' it were true it would be a most hor rible doctrine to hold. . However, the jury had to determine the. case on the evidence, the responsibilty was theirs, and if any of them had imbibed such an idea he could tell them there was no evidence . of it, but that the evidence was all the other way. The petitioner had made those charges against tbe Roman Catholic body. If they believed the evidence of the respondent they must* believe, that the testi mony called on behalf of Dr. O'Haran, that on cer tain nights he was elsewhere than at the Cathedral, was false. With regard to the suggestion of peti tioner that most of tbe witnesses were ttoman Catho lics, the jury must remember that the respondent was also a Roman Catholic. If the case for the corespon dent was weakened, as was suggested by petitioner by that fact, his own cose was correspondingly Traakened. One witness— Taylor — had bBen flourished before the jury. He said he had seen Mrs. Coningham at St. Mary's Cathedral during the luncheon adjournment on the second day of the trial. His evidence was flatly contradicted by Edwards, the court keeper, and Fitz patrick, the sheriff's officer. The jury had to con sider whether Taylor was telling the truth or Edwards and Fitzpatrick. His Honor in conclusion said tlie duty of the jury was to return a . verdict, according to ths evidence, regardless of consequences, and without fear, favour, affection, or ill will. The jury retired at 11.8 a.m. to , consider their verdict, tho summing up having .occupied a little over fire iiours. The jury returned into conrt at 4.35 p.m., and The foreman, in answer to his Honor, said tbe jury wished to know whether his Honor directed torn that, if they thought the witnesses who had givan evidence as to Dr. O Harm's being at a birthday feast at Wimbledon, Five Dock, on the evening of June 29, i898, gave truthful evi deuce as to the lime Dr. O'fiaran was at that place, they ought to conclude that the whole uf Mrs. Coningham's evidence was unreliable. ? His Honor, in reply, said he could, not direct them | to ihat effect; His duty, waa lodirract them in ; matters of law. They baa- themselves tprteter mine what credence was to .be attached to $ue witnesse?. \ ' Petitioner said, in reply to a queil^onby bis Honor, that he would not agree to Enythuig less than the Etatutory majority'. ' ? . ? , ? .' * -. ? . Mr. Want caid that under no ; ciicurnstances could' he agree to taking the verdict of a ample msjority. His Honor said that the. matter heou14: then have to take its course. There was a majority, but not thB statutory one*. He would come back at II that # night His Honor th«n settt to the jury, asking whether they desired tiny assiBtance from bim. ,; After a short discusidon his Honor . said he would leave the bench until i.9.30. At a quarter to 1 1 ttts jury was recalled into Conrt and is answer to his Honor -said tbsy hadnotagceed and thure. was not the- slightest liK^ihoodorsA agreement being arrived at. . - His flouor thanked them, for the trouble they had1 taken in the case, expressed bis regret that they, hut not been able' to agree, and discharged them. ' The Court adjourned at 19.58 p.m. 