MISCELLANEOUS. Crookwell Friday Half-Holiday. All business houses close at 1 p.m. Mooting of tho Crookwoll Railway Lenguo nt 7.30 this ovoning. Mooting favourable to requesting Mr. Rose ,M.L.A., to allow himself to bo nominated for tho Federal olootions at Crookwoll Hall to-morrow at l p.m. Mr. Lovy will conduct a furniture sale at Kialla on Thursday next. Soo advertisement. A trooper of the Imperial Bush men's Contingent, named Reginald Heramie, fell down tho hold of the Armenian on Monday ovoning. He was admitted to tho Sydnoy Hospital suffering from concussion of Ihebrnin. The dead body of James Noble, ono of the men who woro on board the stoam launoh Young Oharlio at tho time of the boiler explosion on Satur day, was reoovered from the waters of Woolloomooloo Bay on Monday after noon. Tho losses of settlors by tho recent floods in tho Drouin distriot of Victoria aro estimated at £10,000. Tho potato and onion crops, exoopt in a few ousos, are said to be quite ruined. Owing to the drought 48,000 sheep have recently been trucked from tho Winton district in Queensland, nnd 160,000 mora will shortly be trucked to other districts. For Bronchial Coughs take Woods' Groat Peppermint Curo. Is. Od. Mr. O'Sullivan (Minister for Works) stated at Oobar on Monday that the pastoral iudustry would uot; be allowed to suffer if the Government ooul 1 bv legislation prevent it. Three hundred troops from Nigeria have undortakea a loog overland march to Ashanti in order to aid in quelling the rising of tho tribes now investing Kumasi.. Herr Licht, the Madgoburg sugar' expert, estimates that the production has increased by 296,000 during the campaign. PriooB aro unchanged. . . A severe hurricane ooourred at the Friendly Group on April 2. At V«vnu the orange crop was destroyed, and at Mafau the Free Cliuroh of Tonga, the Wesloynn Churoh, the new Govern ment office, and the post-office were demolished. Hundreds. :of native houses and about 50 ehurehus wore wrecked. Grafton, Tuesday.— -At tlio Cirouit Court to-day Charles MoMahon was found guilty of a'temptiiig to opmmit a eerious offauce, and sentonce'd to 14 years' penal servitude. The Parliament of Tasmania wns opened by-His Excellenoy the Gover nor, Lori Gormanston, on Tuoedav. A minute from the Railway Com missioners has.bpon published drawing attention to the fact that several fatal accidents have reoontly. occurred owing to persons leaving tram- bars iv hi le ' in motion. Tho Commissioners point out that a ponalty not exceeding £2, nt- taohsa to this offence, but they are reluotnnt to prosecute, and would pre fer that passongers would exercise more care in the future. ' The Emperor William, in answer to a request from the now London news paper, the "Express, " deolaree, in a message to the paper, that ' his first hope is always for the preservation of peace, and his second for the consolid- ation and maintenance of the gnod relations between Germany and Great Britain. An explosion on the Turkish tor pedo boat Scham, while she was test ing her searoblight at Beyrout, so damaged her that ahe sank. Thirty of her orew wero drowned. The Viotorian Premier, in reply to an offer, has reoeived a oablo from Mr; Chamberlain stating that no more men two needed for the war. Liout.-Colonel Mnoksy of the Im perial Bunhmen'a Oontingent has re signed his.offiae as Vioe-President of the Executive Counoil. Mr. Lyne haB not yet considered the appointment of a nucoesBor; The O.S.R.F. Union (Goulburn) has rented the Deanery at £20 per annum forj three years, with the right of re newal for another three years. Returns show that since the inaugu ration of the old age pension sohnmo in Now Zealand 10,000 Europeans and 1000 Maories have been gr anted pensions, the total cost being about £190,000. The average yearly pension is£17 2/- for Europeans, and £16 6/- for Maoris. An .exhibitor at the Orange Show protested, against being, awarded first prize, on the . ground that another ani mal was hotter qualified than bis to receive the blue ribbon, Honest man ! The Transvaal Government offered n loan to Portugal to pay the nward to to the Delcgoa Railway shareholders of £612,450. The Portuguese Gov ernment deolined tho offer. For Chronic Ghost oomplalnts Woods' Great Poppermint Curo. 1/6. While taking part in the Jubilee Handicap Hurdle Race of 1000 bovs., at the Manohestor April Meeting Mr, J. G. Olarko's Australian-bred horse Ba'talion reoeived injuries from whioh he died. Major- General H. O. Borrett, In- spootor-Gonoral ot Auxiliary Forces and Recruiting, reports that . 83,353 recruits volunteored for the regular army aud the militia in 1899, The report of tho Railway Com missioners for the .quarter'' ended March 31, 1900, states that the earn ings for tho. past quarter show an in crease of £63,039 over the correspond ing quarter of last year, the expendi ture au increase of £20,848, the re sult boing an improvement of £42,191. Woods' Groat Poppormint Curo for Coughs and Colds uover fails. 1/6. At a single meeting held in Berlin, twenty thousand pounds were sub scribed for the Indian Famine Relief Fund. 