WHITE BIRCH.—A FAIRY TALE. Part II. When next morning, came, and he had not returned, she searched all through the wood, calling his name. “Where are you Fair Brother? Where have you lost jcuisdf 1 Su0 cried, but no voico answer* ed her. For .a while she. comforted her self, saying, l< He has not run all thes<‘ years—no wonder he is still running ” hen he is tired ho will return.” But clays and weeks went by, and Fair Brother never came back to her. Every day she searched for him, or sat on the door of the mile wattled hut and cried. One day she cried so much that the ground became quite web with her tears/ That night was the night of the full moon. In the middle of the night Little bister thought she heard /by and started up. And when she looked out there, sure enough, was the print of the little birch shoes on the ground sne had made .wot *f a £\ ‘ <A ias> alas 1” cried Little Sister, what have I done that he comes to the very door of our home and passes ifhim ” Ug l th ° m °° n ® hhies - » and shows Alter that - she searched everywhere forest-to discover the print of ho birch shoes upon the ground. Here ano there after the rain she thought she could sec traces, but never was she able to track tiiem far. Once again at the next fui) moon she was awakened by hearing feet run ning away in the distance. On the third full moon she Waited, sitting in the door of the hut and would not sleep. Presenth she heard a rustling of/ect, and there came Fair Brother running towards, her. She ?aw hrs face, pale and ghost-like; yet Ik never looked at her, but ran. past and o* without stoppings So she began to follow him, and she ran and ran till she could run n > more j and just as tliey’carae together in sight of. the birch-tree Little Sister stumbled and fell. She saw Fair Brother nm on and strike with his hands and fee* against the tree, and ciy, “Oh, white birch white birch, lift the latch up'or she ,wil. catch me!” And. at once the 'tree opened' and Fair Brother ran in. “So, said Litth Sister, “yon are there ; you, brother? ] know then, what I have done' to you.” bm went and laid her ear to the tree, and insidi sin could hear Fair Brother sobbing and crying. It sounded to her as if white bird wore beating him. “Ah,, ah, Fair Brother she shall not beat you for long!” said Littk Sister. She went home and waited till the next full moon had come. -Then,; as soor. as it was dark, she went along through the wood until she came to the place, and there she crept close to the white birch tree and waited. Presently she heard Fair Bro ther’s voice come faintly out of..the tree, saying, “White birch, it is tho, full moon, and til© hour in which Little Sister gay© life to my feet. For one hour give mo leave to go, that I may run home ond look at her while she sleeps. T will not stop or speak, and I promise you that I will return.” Then she heard the voice of white birch answer grudgingly, “It is her hour and I carinot hold you; therefore you may go. Only when you cOme-again I will beat you;” The tree opened a little way and Pair Brother ran out, He ran so quickly-in his eager haste that Litile Sister had not time to catch him. So she gathered as many dry pieces of wood as she could find and made them into a pile near at hand, and rubbing a light she soon had a. brisk fire burning. Before Jong she heard the sound of feet in fho brushwood, and there came Fair Bro ther running as hard as he could go. Little Sister sprang out to meet him ; but as soon as he saw her he beat with his hands and feet against the. tree, crying; 'Whiter birch, white tyrch, lift the latch up or she will catch me!” But before the tree could open. Little Sister had caught hold of the birch sloes and pulled them off his feet, and run-" ning towards the fire she thrust them inter the. midst of the reel embers. The white birch shivered from head to foot and broke into crying. The witch tlirust her head 1 out of the tree. crymg, “Don’t ! don’t! you are burning my skin! Oh, you are burning me!“ “I have not burned you enough yet;” cried Little Sister, and raking the- burning sticks together, she heaped thorn round the foot of the while birch tree. The witch drew in her heady but inside sho could bo heard screaming. As the flames scorched the white bark she cried. “Oh, my skin; you are burning my skin. My beau tiful white skin will be covered with no thing but blisters. Do you know that you arc mining rny complexion ?” But Little Sister said, “If I make you ugly you -will not bo able to show your face, again to de ceivo the innocent, and to ruin hearts and :h6inea that were happy." So she kept on p»lmg on sticks till tho outside of tho birch tree was all black ami charred to a cinder, auid libido the witch could be Jward- dane ipg.With rage and crying because of her wmed complexion. Then Little Sister I an 4: took up Fair lirothor in her t arms.' /‘You cannot walk' mow,” sho whig* ! pered ; “I have taken away your foot, so I Ho waa so starved and ui in that ho was hqt very heavy, and nil the Ibngway home Little Sister carried him in her arms. Gh, how happy they were to bo together onco , again. °Gan you ever bo 4?PPy again iii tho old way.?” asked Little; Sister. . “Shall you want; to run?” “No.”, altered Fair Brother, “I shall never wish t» .ruu again., “Why, I con. foci that your hair is growing,” hq said softly ; “it is over \- ll ° wind lifting it. WJuto Bm,h, has no , of hor 0TO » bu(; she has soma that she wears, just the same color jas yours/’ ; : ( , <r. '• }■ ,'j ' Laurence Housraan. ' 