. ... — ; . (THE PARDON OF PAUL PENROSE. ' VQMPLBTB IN VBIS 1SKUS , , »T .. IZA DXJFFFS HAKDY, Author of " MqcQilleroy's Millions," "A Woman's Loyally,'' "'Love in Idleness," " In- tho-Springtimo of Leva," &a.;, &a.; oomnuosc. fOTE for Pen rose 1" " Pen rose for everl'' " Peproso, foe P e o n 1 0 'a Friend 1" The banners fluttered \in the nipping and eager breeze, that yet did not chill foo en thusiasm of the strag gling procession as it halted before foe popu lar oandiduto'a house, una x-aui z-enrose nunseu uoiu. ,u..vi.,u „„ the balcony bowing in acknowledgment. He wa3 a tall, broad-shouldered man of splen did physique, his hair and heavy, beard were iron-gray, but the aquiline features and keen, deep-set, melancholy eyps were those of a man but little past the prime of life. In the room behind him, hidden by the window-curtains, leaning and peering forward, be" shy, half eager, stood a young girl, whose delicate fa oe flushed 03 ho turned and beckoned to her. "Come, Eva, don't bo shy, come!" He held out his hand. ' Blushing, the girl stepped forward on the balcony and stood beside him. Then the shouts of the crowd deepened to a roar of enthusiasm. "Hurrah for Miss Penrose " Three cheers for Miss Eva I" cried a voice, pierc ing high above the din, and the cheers went up in deafening volleys. . Penrose smiled. That means a hun dred votes," he said to himsolf as he turned back into the room, wkep with toss- »..ing of caps and waving of flags the pro cession had- inarched on. Then ho looked at his daughter's small sensitive face, all quivoring with emotion and excitement, her yiolet eyes misty with tears. "You didn't mind, did yon, Eva?" he said, tenderly. \- "Mind? Oh, papa, I was proud 1 Do yon know what Eve hcen doing this morn ing? Reading your speech at the Town Hall." "What, ell of it, three columns long?" lie said, smiling affectionately, but rather incredulously as he smpqthad her shining hair. "Yes, all of it. Oh, papa, why didn't you take me? Won't yon take mo the next time?" "Why, Eva child, what do yon care for politics?'' "Well, I don't understand much about them," she admitted frankly, " hut I like to hear you speak, and I know you'd al ways take the right side and lead the right way." "What is foe right way, little one?" " Why, the way to do most good for foe people, I should think, papa." "The people? Not for yonr eountry, child?" he questioned smilingly, as if to test her. ' , "The pepple make foe country," she re plied. "It isn't the patch 'of earth be neath us, it's those who live on it, ' Yop taught ino that, papa. Don't you remem ber your pamphlet, ' The I apd foe Race?' I mayn't understand politics, but I like to read everything you write and everything that's written about you." " Everything?" Penrose reflected with amusement on some of. foe "things" writ ten about him by the Opposition. "Have you seen what foe 'Clarion' says?" "continued Eva, catching up the paper and reading aloud : " 'Our follow- eitizens should study Paul Penrose's speech. His V«4« have weight, not only from efoqnenoe cod experience, but as' the utterance of one whose bountiful hand has succoured the poor and suffering of our city in time of need. It is not because of his powerful intellect alone that he has attained to the position he deservedly holds in foe estima tion oi foe people of Charilton, it is he- cause of his Kd works j for whioh foe widow and the fatherless rise up WW toll him blest.' There, papa. Ato I IPt a proud girl to see fooso words about your Her ' sweet voice quavered . "You oro too sensitive, child," said Pen- rote, tenderly, yet regretfully, patting her flushed oheek with his strong brown hand. "There I I mu»t go to ray study npw. I have my pamphlet' to finish and send off to press." Eva took up the "Clarion" again, and dwelt on the words foot were so 'sweet to her filial love. "If only there were two of us to be proud of him," she said to herself .with a sigh. "If only mamma had lived! It's ungrateful of me to repine, he's father, mother/and all to me. Bnt still I fancy nothing can be quite like a mother. If ? only knew someone who had known her— someone who could talk to me of her.'' Penrose never spoke of his wifo» nor, with all his tender care of Eva, his anxiety to gratify her every wish, had he toe faintest idea how her heart and imagina tion oluug to foe fireem of foe mother foe had neyer known, who was not ©vea a memory to her. The . young girl, emotional and dreamy, was prono to idealise ; indeed, foe realities of life were little known to her. She sent soups aqd jellies to the sick, mode pina fores and petticoats for poor ohildren and old women, bnt outside, beyond her simple charities, her pity for foe personal suffer ings 'she was so ready to relieve, foe had little comprehensiqn of foe world around lier; she spent half her life in a day-dream ; she idealised even the living father and her friends she knew; and her dearest, most sacred end secret dreams clang round toe cherished ideal of foe mother she had never known. Penrose had spent a great part of his early life in Oatiade, where others of his family hod settled; and when he returned to his native land, where none of his home- staying kin survived to greet him, widower, bringing with him his motherless child, foe little Eva was too young to remember any thing of he/ mother or foe land of her birth. Qf the latter Penrose spoke sometimes, though rarely ; of foe former, never. No one knew anything of his dead wife; not even his intimate friends could toll who she had been or when or where foe had died. It. was currently supposed that Penrose had married beneath mm ; that it had been a love-match, and, as sympathetic women said, "his heart was buried in her grave" — from which many of these kind souls would willingly have resur rected it. Some had apt eon- coaled their tender compassion for little Eva's need of a mother's care, thair yearn ing to cherish the sweet child ; but by this time it had come to bo generally accepted that Paul Penrose was "not a marrying man." "A lady to see yon, sir." This an nouncement disturbed Penrose before he had been long in his study, but be accep ted the interruption placidly"; Jm waq ac customed to visits from ladies, who de sired to enlist his advocacy of their par ticular views in Parliament, to offer their influence, large or little, in return for his promise to forward those views. He had already received a saocession of fair visi tors, urging his interest in the prevention of crueRy to children, ditto animals, the guardianship of infants," Sunday closing, and local option; he wondered what was the mission of foe latest comer as he rose to receive her with his usual easy cour tesy. Penrose had always a courteous smile ready. He knew that every woman might mean a vpte, of husband, son, or brother, that here and there one woman might mean a multitude of votes. The woman who now stood before him Was tal and graceful, her' black dress se verely' simple, her cheek pgie,' her dark ! H"! 4!IIW.... I I./.. r Lair touetoi \rifo flr»Y—?o wuebi-feu u?tod I "Yon wished to see rae, toedamf- ba begap. She raised her veil, and to ston ing word dbid oq hia lips.' a fo <to ghost new-risen from the grave, bw glared wiri atoraimi«r-a<u!g, "Xvifosdto'flttipfet Twice hia whit© lips, which toemcd fot have grown suddenly parched, moyed be fore h© found hia' veucft, and then Abe. tone was anreoognisfola as hia in which ho gasped, flLfonfel Yon to "YeSj I. Yen huow me then?" Penrpfo'waa generally, and jwtiy focre- ditod with iron nfove, and he pulfod him self together now WlfoiW .effortt though hia voice waa bqaase and hallow foiH as be heard foot jfpj Were dead!" "When?' The word fell hriely, id- cjsively, from her lip©. "Ten years agq." "Ah. I see, Another wpmen foe ««?.«»« dfeMtefc ,. ''And foff yfffi never gto kpow?" ""I knew nothing of foe mistake— nor of yon." In all foe years before foat yen had nevor written "fo ' " No. What eeuld I say to yon, Leoaje?! Ask yonr«elf, what could I say? letter would have passed straight from use to yon." " That is true,'' she assented slowly. "And yen thought I was dead?" " Yes— when f fopgght of yog... But it has been foe effort of mi life for'ydfos past not to fotnk qf ypq. The deliberate plainness of foe speech was brutal, but fo© woman did not wines. The feet foat had trodden oyer the fiercest pfoughfoares are bftentimes getoed' past " "I know, foa thonfot of ma was pain- fnl," she rejoined, so calmly that foe bit terness in he? tope wss bapdy' nereeptible even to him. "pnt you knew. fo»t I should foinkT-I wh© bad nothing to do hl)t think! You knpw what I have ©Sto® foe now?" " " Yes, but yog need not have com?:" "I need not?' with a gfonoe of tartled alarm, a sudden whitening qf fop ' lips. "Paul, what do you mean?" "That there waa no need to- come to raise foe glmst of pay past. It has. never been laid. I do net thank you,- Leonio, for the mistaken generosity, the crnpl mag nanimity, font has made me fop j whited pcpulchre I apt. Bpttor have let' me stand in my qwn plfoe ifod pqy toy .pepalttr. I have been what they call a successful man, bnt DO ope dreams of foe qpst-'at whiph I've bought pti that makes men envy me to-day." - ' ' "All these yaars I have thought 'yon dead, hut living er dead you are a reproach to me. Yes, you were silent, . but yonr grave has cried put to me out of foe dark ness. I have triad my best to forget— to blot your name, ypnr memory, pat .'of ex? istence, bpt all 'foes© years I havp known that I shquld neyer escape ygh, Leupie. Unlms beyqnd tjbe grave foerg's thp'.'inmpi. ful darkness pnd annihilation for wfiifh I have hoped, I knew foat.ypd'd be sfomffog waiting for me at the other side of jfoe gates. ' Yen haven't thought Fve beep at peace? I tell yon that you, luring or dead, have had your grip on my life . all ' this tifo©.""' " A man never forgives the women- he has wronged, and he spoke with ati the.;bitter pelentless reproach" of the wponggp. fps he added; "There's jip need' for yon 'jti'sjafld before' me, to brand m® a© foe ggpd nd traitor I know myself." . "I have not come for font." V;r ->' "For' what foef(?" . "Yen ask me that?" with .» proachful indignation. I have .tome fo ask— to see— Paul, the child!" "The child!" be eohoed. it ;.' "Th© cljild 1" she repgated-u T'vPauJ, Wb®rg >S Sb©?". Her eyes' segtidrnd;?#' Itofo gp awfri (foriety. .. " Don t tell me— that she is deito?'' '' No, she is not dead, as far aafotaqw," he added htofily, wifo g dfoaiUnl'.'!fopekeiy of b" snide. "Hnt what hayg ,y0i£?to', d.e . I?wifo her, qp fog with yfot ygn firo-tiMd I: to her!" "I am not fiegAfo. heft foe wnmpn re- 1 fortod. " Bhe's .aU forwhfoh I lis©— teto liwd forengh ffii fogs? gharily yearn. TOeto fo ahef Ybefe'g ouo tbing, end one atone, for which ml never forgive yrm, fit : heaven ox op earth, if yon have neglected I hcrto' . ( " I've not neglected hor," he sai'd snl- . lenly. " Yon folpk, and I owp you've thg : right to foihki fow'slaefolpir toft few® f<>» me, but I'm not guilty ©Fiwfc «t foagt," " Where is she?" The woman started, and a light ffitfoei fotq her eyes. Psnroee's <a©»- egqtracted fo if with g spa/m of pain? he made % hasty stop towards the door, a if to inter? Bpfobetwecn her and fori gfriifo ypieo. " She is herer the woman excfoiipnk . leaping to fo© troth at one? " Yes," he admitted in the momentfo agi? , totiw>. "bfot for Gfo i'n sfos bar© mm m w?«w4i 6s© k wfofogr ©he befieves for mother # dggdi dha to © j dfofota, aessitiw gffW fo fogefc would . Itill her r' j "I must see her," foe tjrged, broafofog short and quick, fo her firm venae- all buf foiled her. ' 1"I tell you foe foock woold kill herf Leonie, you shall not degl foo gixi hep 4eafo?b!nw t" Tfoemtotiy a© he Smke, it ww with.eautientiy lowerfo voice, m ey®s fixed apprehensively flp fo© .d©0F? " «h© must not know." lAdnie "drew herself to her foil height, and looked at him ©teadily. " Qhe shad pot know;" vn© her rep)?- The light step was near the door. Pen? rose set nis teeth. ,J For God's sake, spare foe child! Don't betray yourself I" ""Trust me!" she breafood. "Would I fanrt her?" As she uttered the last word foe door was opened- A' ypimg giri wifo a pal®, fair foce, fresh gad sweet a© foe mooting, stood on the threshold. " Papa," ©he begin, agtiliqg, spd ©eeing foe strange Iftdy, hesitated wifo a glanc© of half-shy appsal to i)©r father, as if asking if her interruption was nntimely- " " What is it, Eva?" he said, caoemend- ing himself to usual " I won't disturb yon now, papp, If yon're engaged." " ' ' As Ldonie looked upon foe fair young face, and heard the fresh girlish voice, it Seemed that the passion ' aqd agitation which hsd shaken and stormed hor but now fell from her as a garment. A strange sepsa of unreality bore her up into that region ©f calm which dominates emotion, t fo.® elegr ©ir js above |fo© Storm-clouds. Sfre in©v©d towards foe girl' wifo unfalter ing stop. "And is this Eva?" she said, and her voice did not tail lier now. "Eva," dwell ing fin'geringly on foe nam®. " I am—" "Ttos lady," Penrose interppspd hagtby, . "this lady is '-> \ But she continued, ignoring foe interrup tion: "A friend of 'your mother's, dear EVa I" "A friend of my mother's? - Oh!" Eva's gentle fuce flgmed with colour, a lovely ligljt leapt in her eyes, as bofo lier Ifttie hands went out eagerly to meet foe stran ger's clasp. "I am so glad! "life' He first tipio I've ever ©cea any pf mamma's friends !" ifoe lady's lips were somewhat stiff a? ©he framed them into a smiling response fo fo® giriish greeting, ffhe esntroiled her self maryeUouriy, foongh her voice trembled jqe' Ev f S6 ypP k>©? &VU; willingly lifted her fee©, ©»d waroaiy gave the kiss, biit hew told WSf® fo© hps fofo returned it ! Rememhaana foe 'duties of hospitality, in which foe thought ber father for once somewhat reppss (fiut jjo doubt he was a little startled and agitated by foe unexpected' sight of her mother's friend, whose appearance must recall dear and- sacred memories), she drew the visitor to fo® ISPfo comfprtabfe ©Mr, "and took A low fofo beside her, smiling up in her face. Penrose looked- on in an agony of appre- ' !»»» Gould JUPforf woman pomiftrnd herself? Btft Lfopis J)©d passed forongh foe fomaco foat' tempers foo sfori. M©ro- over, fo© was unable to grasp foe costity of foe position. It seefoed to h«r a fire1 that the foild'soyes were looking into bos©, the child's baedwifofoygMfah demonstva? , fion seritingherqlvpt a£ttwfofo«ilobfor foe had left on foe ofoereido of ghastly gnlf qf years was this fair gild to foo daws ; of wemafoood to-dayt Pes, it was Ml Vfc . a draan)?r-yfo heaven fed? -fee? H .fo foil J fife© msmtniT foked Eva, nofflx. , "No, yog ftp mere Iik© yonr tofoet, I Mink— only ©© j»ufo fairep" . "'6h© ww rather fair when foe sw jtoW im, wjlh afo»8fog© fo fefo to tm >->»» " Jopr terlwg prpa!" ttenghtEra,! a rpsh of tenderns ffl©ffi»e tor tow How deeply he must nave tared VHt mother. Re xould nfo cVAn now bear any allusion to her. Ttoy nmfo not folk of her -before him; yto fot she -WOP longing to tafic about faff, fo fojc abofo tori ; ? to© friend and confompprery qf hers cojtid no defot ajvo foes© refltiflmSM©®©, tiw» tow detail?, sf foe ntfonews mother far whifo foe daughter's tosfo tod «to»y| yewoto, Put far foo present, before tor fafoer, foo murt mttm tor longing. Penrose w©« .on the mk a© to totened to fo© fanocent foot wifo which tota sttove to make foe atranger fori weleoae, i tor simple questions as to where foe W staying, and' when did she come, and so on. - L6onitfs answers vitas Afacreet and non committal, bnt he dared not tears foe two alone. He presently reminded Eve, with what seemed to her a failing in his usmd tactful hospitality, foat ft was time to go and dress ; but Eva would not port with her new-found friend until on axrangwnwit had been made for them to meet oOfo day, ; " Mrs. White," as she gov® her name, was to come to foe Penroses ; bs tboufot it safer to have her under his own roof; fii© own eyes, than let Eva go to her. What pitfalls pf dangerous dlsolosnw lay in foe path along which Eva would tread recklessly in her girlish cagernss and cori- osity f He dared not trust her fsw ay from him, tete-a-tete wifo Leonie. " Papa, darling, are yon not well?" ©sjt©d Eva, foe next morning. "Quito well, child.' Why?" "1 thought you looked as if yog had not slept well." " True. I did not sleep." Eva looked at him anxiously. How hag gard and worn his face looked, and how gray ha was getting ! Could it be only her fancy that his hoar was much, much grayer than it was yesterday? "Has your heart been bad?" she asked, nestling to bis ride, for once or twice h© had bad signs .of weakness of the heart, and Eva knew this, though foe did not know bow .seriously foe doctor thought of " No, childie, no ; my heart is all right." To Eva's eagerness the hours seemed to crawl nntil that appointed far "Mrs, White" to come. She thought foe morning would never pass! "Now we wjll have p .nice, face, long afternoon's talk," she paid gladly, holding Mrs. White's hand and looking affection ately in her face. It was a faoe that had been beautiful, and would hav® been fair in its autumnal loveliiiess still if trouble had not graven on it .deeper lines than time. Bnt foongh tor beauty was a foteg of the past, she stiff retained her grace, her charm of voice and manner; her rare smite was sweet, her gray eyes lovely in their tenderness and dtpfo, a depth as of some unfathomable grief! They were fooss h.annted eye? that We sometimes mefo which seem for ever tp see fallowing to- ride their path a ghost, fo wjtiphour tight Eva's whole mind was possessed by tor new friend. It would nave seemed to strangers a perfect infatuation rite con ceived for foe woman she had seen fax foo first time bgt yesterday. It'wa© not only her : longing to hear of her mother, fart something in "Mrs. White's" personality fairly fascinated her. Penrose noted foe at traction wifo a ohijl sinking of apprehen sion at fa© heart. Wifo what horror would the revelation of tto troth burst upon Eva, if Lfpnic's poif-command should fail her but far a moment ) The opportunities of tete-a-tete between woman and girl were brief. Penrose, rest lessly uneasy, would never leave foera long alone. Oq foose rare occasions when Eva could lead to foo subject of tor mother, eager to hoar til that Mrs. White epuld tell, she did not take note that tho " oil" was vague and unimportant. Mrs. White's reminiscences were only of trivialities such as " Tto pond-lily was her favourite flow er," " She was very fond of dogs ; eh© hod a spaniel named Fido she made great pet of." But Eva drank in these trivial casual remembrances eagerly — there was nothing too trivial to interest tor- In her fiUal pride in tor father, her de light in her mother's friend, she strove in her innocont way to draw the two to gether, talking ehthoriastioaUy of each to the other. "Papa, are not ber ©yes beautiful and sad— as if she hod known semi great sor row?" she asked once. "My G»d I" to groaned in bjs heart, "if tto child bnt knew what foat sorrow wee I" To Ltonie ©be talked lovingly of nor tafoer— unsuspicious font tor gnileless inno cent words were as daggers to the unhappy woman's heart. " Papa is so gand — so generous, so noble ! ' she said- " He is everybody's tone- factor! If only dear mamma bad been spared, bow proud she would have been of him! And oh, dear Mrs. White, bow to must, have loved hor, when to this day to cannot bear to Bpcak pf her or to hear her name!" And Lfnnie, with "her heart as fire and ice," forced her paling lips to asssnt. It was not lost upon tor foat Pen row was an altered man from foe hour when she had Btood face tb facie wifo him, and, os a man might stare on tto sheeted dead re-arisen, he bad gased at tor. Others might think foat tto anxieties of fo on coming election weighed Upon him, but there was one who knew foe tnifo- They wore clone one day, Eva being called away, bad reluctantly left Mm. White to tor father for awhile. Lfonie looked on the haggard faoe, foa hair that in a few days had grown nearly whita, foe sunken eyes of foe man she had once loved, the husband who had wronged her, S woman, wife, and mother. Love could not survive the terrible ordeal foat had burnt foe Jife ont of hers, Bnt long after love Is dead and laid in Its grave, foe ten derness born of passion survives its parent. There was womanly compassion in tor grave gray eyes as she said, "Paul, y'ou look ill." " Do I? Wondrous strange!" to rejoined bitterly. She was sllont for a moment, then' "You need not fear," she assured him, in toae too infinitely sorrowful for bitterness. "You ore safe, and she is safe, from any harm at my hands. If in all these years my heart bad hardened, it is hard no long er. Let mo only see her for a little while, and I win pass out of your life again, and leave you at peace." "You will?" ho said, wifo foe same bit ter mookery of a smile. "You oun?" No reproaoli is bitter as that of foa tinner to the sinned against. But alter a while the reaction came. Had Itionio reproached him, overwhelmed bim wifo just reproaches, to would have defended himself. Hod she sought to ruin and destroy him, as she might well hevo dono, he would have deemed himrelf foe injured party. Her silence, her forbear ance, left him a prey to Ms own conscience. Somewhere deep in his hidden heart to bed a remnant of conscience still, and that rem nant spoilt all his snooess far bim, bad been foe grinning skeleton at his life's fetst. Tto right of foe wronged women, and foe iriliocont girl together was to him as foe embodiment of his double erimo. Looking on them, to knew himself for foe vile thing to was. The sleeping remorse that to hsa drugged into torpor wakened into e living sorpent, foot bit and ate his heart away. And in this association with. her unac knowledged child, even Ltanie's strong self-command began to melt and tremble. ;Sh» sometimes felt that this waa more than , sto, even j foe. «mld hear- To leave fo© child would to martyrdom, but Bhe was wed to martyrdom ; t© look into tto child's ©yes and keep ber secret waa tor ture. Penrose fait foat the mine was bud, the riow-mctoh ifehted. He could even now have trampled it out, to could have ruth- lessbr nggtod mottor And Child once more. It cow (Me keen mmged, but foe awak ened gngtepM remon© it bis toart whis pered to fcw titet to had wronged Ldonie basely, ereriiy ©rough already ! He owed it to her rot to snatch from tor such poor harvest a? she could glean from the blight ed Arid. Sfie was Inypl stiff ; he could not for very ©heme's asker-even he!— take ad vantage pf her toyolty yet again. And ©opn— noon— fo© prists came, The Peores© drawing-room was divided into Pwp apartment© by » curtained archway- Entering far fo© trick door, Penrose paused as bo htnrd tto voices in tto front room, foe tones of vbich were danger- signal. " Don't— don't go," pleaded Eva. " If you know ell," nod Lfonie's aceente betrayed foat. foe strain on tor self-control went near to, breaking, "if you knew all, perhaps you would not say that. My story is a gad, » tragic one/' "I toiew it I" breathed Ev». bending to kiss tor bgnd. '' Don't, ehild I Yen would not Uit9 my bond, yon might shrink' from me, if you know What foe stor ' is— how it unfits m for fo© companionship of one young and innocent and. pur© n» you! For, listen, Eva I . Yon may «? well know the worst at one©- I spent' fo» tost years of my life— in prison!" "Rut you were innocent !" cried Eva, unhesitatingly- For the instinct of foe pore fa heart are marvellously trus- Penrose drew back the curtain, and u a man might advance upon foe levelled guns foat are to d«al bim death be moved to wards foe woman and foe girl- " Yss, she was innocent," he said. "6to snffered for another's crime." " I can believe it," exclaimed Eva, Wrought up to white beat of calm, know ing foe crisis woo upon him at last, feeling in that moment fort It. tod been madness ever to dresm he could ©scape it, he hod spoken unfalteringly, It was Lioni© who paled and quivered like a tense chord. " Sine; you bav heard so much," Pen- row went on, "you may as well know more." " ffbe knows enough," interposed Ltonie. "Why dig vp fo buried bones of a dead past— an ugly part to recall?" "Yes, iff a v»ry ugly psst, for one of the actors in it, bnt that one is not you." " She sacrificed herself In some way far another?" guessed Eva, clasping fier hand. " Yon bav© hit tto mark- Boa sacrificed toreslf—tfi# was bar m I And it was a sin— a sin %ffmst foe guilty man tor sac rifice tempted to deeper guilt." Ho scourged tuuwsif wifo foe words ; bis eyes gleamed wifo'foat strange wild light of foe borderland foot hevcrs op madness, as be added, "fflnce tit© has told you of foe ycare she spent in prison, I wjll tell you new sto cam© to be there I " PauWno 1 Why distress the child by so painful p subject" You seo, I know your father when ypnr mother was alivo, dear Eva I" she' explained markodly, casting » quick warning glance at Mm, "and it seems natural to a» to call Mm by his Christian nam." "She screened the orim of a man to whom she vm secretly married," Penrose continued, as if he baa not toard the in terruption. " She kept silence to give bim time to fly, to save nlmself, and through her etlsnoe and a combination o( unlucky circumstances suspicion fall on her." " And' ho— the man ?" " He," said Penrose, " fled and saved him self. He urea not suspected— thanks to tor who saved Ms body fait destroyed Ms soul. No one knew foat ho had been there that night. 6he promised bim that no one should ever know— and she kept ber word." "How was it?" asksd Eva breathlessly, too absorbed in her esgsr listening to look at Ltonis's feco. "Tto man' she married had penuaded her to seereoy, because he had expectation's from an old uncle, an eccentric, crabbed old miser, who Would have disinherited him if he hod known of foe marriage. They had waited two years, hoping far an op portunity of disclosing it— or for the uncle's death. Perhaps he, foo man, gretf impatient and weary of the secrecy ; men are not as patient and faithful as women, you know, child I And she conoeived an roeo— iv waa > woman s romancio aream — of going to help in the eld miser's house hold in the hope of winning his liking and his consent to tor marriage with his nephew, "The nephew was in hard straits; he cams one night (no one knowing foat be came) to ask nis uncle for money. Tto uncle insulted' him— the younger man was of a fiery temper— he had me revolver— men don't often go unarmed at night in those parts. (For thls all happened tar away from England,, you sec, cw!d.) There! you can guses to what the hot words led I Bhe beetfojhtiretoted of tto foot and rushed into flR MMtataa laffiff . ttoy were alone in fo hemee, but foe housekeeper was ex pected back ©very hour. His only chance was to fly, in the hope that the deed might be attributed to tramp er burglar. "But 'it waa on tor, not on tramp or burglar, that Suspicion fell. He got safely away. 6to, found alone there, woe silent, let slip no . word to compromise him, though her i silence compromised herself. Sto wss there under an assumed name— the old man had but'latoly left tor a legacy in bis will— sho wua known to be able to use a revolver, as women often find it nesdful-to know how to defend themselves in remote settlements. " All ttos told ©gainst ber when the cue earn© for trial. And he, by foat time far away in safety, whan .he hoard, ha argued with himself — at leat, we con fancy now. be may have argued — that they would never' ceng; out the last sentence of. the law on her, e woman, and young and beautiful; ttoy would givo her the benefit of the doubt I While for him, were the truth discovered, there would be no mercy. Ho salved— he may have salved — his conscience by resolving that he would never let it come - to the bitter end. If the sentence were not commuted he would come for ward and confess. But her life was spared. She lived through hex long martyrdom of years in prison silent— to save him !" ETa fell on her knees at Leonie's side, and threw tor arms round her, sobbing passionately. "Yon do not shrink from the stain of the prison, then?" said Lepnie, with a breath caught like a cry. "Shrink? From the bravest and noblest woman I have ever known ! The stain? The halo of the saint and martyr on your brow! I wa© ready to love you as my mother's friend, for my mother's soke. Now I adore yon for your own !" . Lionie drew a long quivering sigh of re lief- The child hod no suspicion. But foe innocence of her faith wept like iron through Penrose's tortured soul. He put his hand tp his breast, struggling silent ly for breath ; his face was ashen gray. Ltonie saw it, and pitied. Eva in that moment had no eyes except for her. " But the man — the coward — the traitor — what became of him? Surely some retri bution fall on bin)?" she questioned .eager ly. Her young vojee thrjijed with bitter scorn. In her indignation and loathing she hod forgotten for the moment, that it was Leonis's husband of whom she spoke. "Yes, Eva, yes,'.' her father said hoarse ly. " He was punished ; Ms sin found him out!" Startled at the. change in lier father's voice, Eva glanced up (it him ; but Ltonie's arm was round her ; Leonie's quickly drew her olose, so that the girl's face was hidden on the woman's heart, Folding Eva to her with one hand, Leonie raised the other, wifo a gesture rather commanding than en treating, to Penrose. " Eva, dear," she said softly, steadfastly, "we must deal mercifully with the dead, you know. And that man who sinned is — dead! Pray with mc for his soul, dear chffd, that he may be forgiven as I have forgiven bim ! Ho sinned, he suffered, he repented — and ho atoned!" Penrose fell on his knees beside her. The stem proud man kissed a woman's trembling hand. Ho sank lower. At the sound of his tall Eva turned with a start and a. cry, but he never heard her ex clamation of alarm. A woman's sacrifice had saved his life; a woman's mercy slew him, by one swift blow, to the ovei'-burthened heart; a wo man's prayer followed his parting soul, to plead for him at the Court where he who escaped earthly justice shall be judged! 