JOTTIfNGS. You can ouy tea in China for 11,d per rpound, Tle shins of upwruds of 100,000 animals are used to cover Oxford Bibles alone. Germany has at pr- sent 39 dockyards, wocre last year 528 vessels were built. The lifeboats around thle .British coast durilng tile last year rsccued 6S0 people. Expcrilient Iproves that it takes over one third of a second for the eyelid to open antd close. Ac inventor claims to hbnve discovered a method of ohtaninlg motive power from sunlight. Infectliousn dtsenses are unknown in Greenland, on account of the dry, cold at ilosphere. It is estimated that the people of Eng land spend £250,000 aU day in furniture moving. 1More than 100,000 acres of peat are said to be available in the Canadian. province of Onlarlo. The lessee of the new theatre at Seltlcy (Girnlinghalt) proposes to have an orches tra of ladies. Enormous quan3ities of toothpicks mada of wat]ros `whiskers are shipped from.Alaska every year. Is Poris flne human hair of foalshionabhle colour is sold for as euch as £50-a pound by dealers. It a 'ligesan race at Winchester-one bird att?aihed the remarkable velocity of 1539 ',arls a mlnlulte.. P'rojectiles for modern ig and rapil-fir ing guns require about half their weight in powder to fire them. To South African oxen the -tulip- plant, which the beasts greedily devour if they can get it, is rank poison. Sycose is the material used as a sub etitute for sugar. Its sweete ~tng power is 550 times greater than sugar. Jeruoalem has 15 hospitals, the Baron Rothsichlld's and others being very fine--all free, and all full to ovcrflowitig. In 'China when an honour is conferredr on a family, it is the ancestors and not the descondants who erare the glory. For "bonneting" an income tax collesto-r and"si-rowing him into the street, a Colway Bay: radesman has been finedt £10. bThe P.O. underground teletgraphl wire le tween London and Birnllingham has .inst been completed at a cost of £150,000. A swarmn of mosqouitoes ithited the neigh boe-hood of Camberwell, Dulsich, atid Brixton. Many people were attacked. A man was burnt to death at a-low Chemical works through accideotally smashing a carboy contaiiiing nitric acid. "The Salvation Army -reports show tsat it has a life insurance premium Income of nearly £70,000 per annum, and 250,000 Iplicies. The West London 'coraer has lust made 'sonme strong remarks about the mu~rilerlng bI newly-born children sin the Wecst End. There is a very democratic sound about the newest London artlway-the -entral. "One class, one 'fare" :is its bssiness policy. A beiauty specialist is recommend:ng her patientls to eat a finely-grasted carrel before breakfast each.morning to improve tihe complexion. For an-army of '30;00 men aid 10,000 liorses.for-three months, It is estimated: that 11.000itons of Tood:and fodder are ne cessary. Some £.40,000 annutidlly has been allotted for !the promotidn of technical instruction by the nets Iri'sh:Boardtf Techni~hl Educa tion. - The fourteenth' contoiry armour was so lheasy that many soldiers; only 30 years old, sere deformediar permanently dsiabled by its weight Judge Lushington has decided that tho owner of a publihouSe'is not litble for tihe manager's debts unleas the orders were ratified by the owner. A motor car has been desilgned for tow 'ing canal boats. Atarecent trial it towed a. heavily-laden barge at the rate of th're citles-an hour with tfle greatest ease. The llactpool Town Council has decided to inscribe on ai permanent roll otf honour It the Town Hall the names bf all Black pool men who have taken -art in the In India extensive experiments are being made with the sunflower, which is con 'sidercd by some medlcal men to be a better preventative of malaeiasthan the eucalyptus At a recent fur sale a Parisian purchased in the open market a blickh Siberian fox -slia. 4-in by Sin, paying for it the sum of "£O00. When dressed it ivill cost its wearer ..£1100. 'hilWo" overhauling a bicycle which had been bought at anl auction tale, a Hamp stead-road cycle repairer'discovered ning 'half-sovereigns concealed in the handle bars. 'At Munich there ls n'hospital which is entirely supported by the sale of old steel pens collected from all -parts of Germany. They are made into watch-springs5 knives, and raaors. The number of heredlitarsry titled Cana dianos has now reached 'thirteen, made up 4df1seven peerages and six baronetlcies. Of .norf-heriditary titles of knights Canada can ionst of 32. last year was a bad one'for the British peerage. The death' Ilittincluded three dlkoe, one marquis, five earls, three vis counts, and ten barons. Several peerages became extinct. The young King of Spain-always insists on havlng his pockets iltetd with coppers before going for ht drive, and scatters the cdius among the many beggars who crowd ossnel'-his carriage. In 1535 carpenters and saryers were paid 60 a day; stone-diggers and luabourers, 4'd: masons and joinersm, d; a master carpenter, 3s 4d a week, enjoying also a tithe 'from each 'labourer employed. During the recent eruptions at Mouna Loa, lthe great volcano of Honolulu,. a flood of lava'40ft wide rushed doin 'the moun tain fiue at the rate of thirty miles an hour. In St.'Petersburg late hours are.the rule. The ptineipal streets are generally crowded at 1 o'Clock In the morning. Many- of the theatres do not open before middnight. The total number of women over eighteen years tl8iemployed in the factories and worloshopseof the British Islnnsds'is about 100,000, of whom 11 per ce rt. 'belong to trade un:ions. At Putticek's sale of British eBehuana land 'ostsage stamps, Baden-Powell's pro-; visional, 1M00, surcharged "Malteking be-, sleged," is -on dd, brown and greec, used, sold for LEuttOs. 'I'he medical officer fot Limehouse (Lon dont) sanys that poverty is respousible for the low marriage rate of the district last year,.which isas 14.5 per 1000, as against 18.4 for all Tcndon. A motor car was overturtled at 'Preston; Ileanery, near'Northampton, and. eatchlng lire. was comlpletely destroyed. One Of' the three occnpants,,Captain O'Grien, "reeived nasty cuts. A Barrow cheinlst:was fnlla d .19S, with' custs, for selling-prusoi aclid in a 'bottle which contained neither his name or ad dress. The cu?tomer was a young girl who poisoned hlerself. An ocean steamer of the first class, going at full speed, cannot be brought to a stand-' st111 in less than 'three minutes. In -the mesntime she w'il traverse a distance -of about half a mile. A wildow named Rogerson was watching a village celebration -at Rlbehesler when she saw two young men with white sheets personating ghosts. Mrs. Rogerson was so frightened that she fell lead. The seven provinces If Canada have a total area of 1,078,000 soqurewmiles. and tile nine tersltorles 2.3.,.000 aarse miles, while the great Ilkes of the St. Lawrence system have ,an area of 47.000 squaore miles. In India. mounted officers travelling by rail on temporary duty may, If they prefer it; takle o blcycle with them at Government expense In'lleu of a chearger. The head of the Postal Department at tibraltan r is a woman, who has occupied the iposition for ten years. She receives a salary of £550 per annum. being the high est--paid womn in thie Post Office ser vice. Colonel Willian S·iddons Toulg, who is a-grceat-grandson of Mrs. SIddons, has pre sented the British IMuleum with an Inter esting relic of -the great actress, in the shape-of a gold and tortolse-shell snuff boax. which was given to her by George IV. In god years fthle average fig crop of the s-myrna district amounts to about 26,000,000 pounds, but last year the y~ltld was only i8,000,000 pounds. The harvest time in Asiatic Turkey is November. The figs are chiefly shipped thlree months later. The earth receives not more than one thousand-mllionthl part of the total radla tion of the sun's rays. If any considerable lorlion of this heat was concentrated upon the earth, it would notsonly become unl habitable, but speediy'be consumed. News has been received in Cumberland of the mysterlous dlisappaOrance at Grin delwald of 1M1s0 Julia Tenompson, of Mitton Hall, ecster of the High Sheriff of Cumner land. 'las Thompspon, who was upon a tour In Switzerland cwllh frlends-, went to church on Sunday evening. June 17rh, and on her return sat for a shqro time upon a seat ito front of tile hotel, talking to the clergy man. After 'a while complaining of a head clhe. sihe said she would take a short walk, and left to do so. She never returned, her friends at the hotel became alarmed, and a search was instituted, hut accordingto the latest information they had benslusuc cessful and It is feared shite had accidentally foallen Into the rapid river which rui near the hotel. , ? . ' Heather grows in many parts of South Afrlca. There are 2000 miles of railway in Cape Colony. The German Empire regLters more than 1000 weldldings a day. The Shah of Persia possesses a Jewelled sword valued at £10,000. Entrlies for the Queen's Prize at Blsley I have fallen from 1063 to 1234. In the United Klngdom one person in every 214 uses the telephone. Ot 1000 deaths in Europe, 16 are by vlo lelce: in the United States, 41. A carrier pigeon flying with a strong si-lnd covers 1600 yards a minute. Tle salary of Lord Curzon as Viceroy of SIndila amounts to £80,000 a year. The total proceeds of the sale of the Peel heirlooms amount to £73,600. In 1800 there were 200 horses in Aus tralin. In 1000 there are 2,000,000. In Alaska a serviceable waterproof leath er lis been mnadeo fl'om cod and salmon! Mlusilhrooms are said to contlin more nourishment than any other regetable sub stlsce. Sixty-eghlt per cenit. of all newspapers published .in the world are In the English langluago. A patent has Just been secured for a boot which is fastened at the back Instead of at the tront. There Is an area of 145000 square miles of forest land in Cuba tha.l has never beel explored. Coal Is worked so emily in China that in Shansl it sells at less than Is per ton at Use mines. Public stroy tellers sill earn :a good live Jillood in Japani. in Tokio 600 of them ply Cthler trade. A diet of milk and eggs is now recom .nended for those iIso wish to obtain a soft and wshite skin. Tlhere are no living descendants of Shakespeare, Cowvpsr, Dryden, Swift, Chau cer, Pope, Shelley, or Byron. Signals have been sent by wlrelesa tele graph through a-suite of seven rooms, the doers of which were closed. A horse will ent in a year nine times his osn weight, a cow nine times, an ox six timis, and a sheep six times. The death has taken place at Peterbor ough (Enigland, of Mrs. Judsoln, who had almost complleted her 101lst year. Sir Charles Dilke has been awarded the silver medal df the Society of Arts for his paper on "The Century in our Colonies." ome extraonrdinary evidence ba's beenu given at an inquest at Wetheringsett rela tive to the death of a young man named Cllristopher Chapman, who was .tilled by lighbtn;ing. On' his chest sere found red miari:s resembling trees with branches. The Czar di Russia's suite consists of 173 persons, of c'hom 73 are general and 76 ex tra aides-de-camp. To this suite belong 15 inembiers of the Imperlal famlily, 17 princes of not Imperial birth, 17 counts, 9 barons, and 111 other noblemen. The number of Mohammedans has been estimated at 196,500,000. Of these 1S,000, 000 are unriier the rule of the Turktish Gov ernment, 23,000,000 are ruled by other Mus sulnman sovereigns. 36,500,000 are subject to Africaln princes, 20,000,000 live in China, and 09,000,000 are under other rulers. Of these last about 58,000,000 belong to India and teloochistan. There are in France ,l5,000,000 hens, whceh, at an average price of two francs fifty centimes per head, represent a value of 112,500;000 francs. One-fifth of this stock is annually consumed as food, and is sold for about 22,500,000 francs, or £2937,500. An illunsration of the marvellous growth of land values in London was given at the lpublic inquiry into the St. M~iry-le-Strand parish charities. A gift of land left in the year 100667 by Alice Loveday, ef the then year value of £7, now produces £2257 per Capetown enjoys a certain distinction in respect.to the height of its constables. The tallest is a giant Gft 8Stin in height. There are five men ranging from 6ft 3in to Oft 4in, three men between Gft 2in and 6ft 3in, 12 melt from Oft lin to Oft 2in, and 17 be tween Oft and 6ft lin. People marvel at the mechanism of the human body, with its 452 bones and 60 ar teries. But man is simyle in this respect compared with the carp. That remarkable fish moves no fewer than -1380 bones and muscles every time it breathes. It has 41320 veiny, to sy nothing of its 30 muscles. In England there are only about 176 cehn tenarians;. in Ireland, 578; and in Scot land, *i6. Sweden has 10; and Norway 23; -elgium,5; Denmarik, 2; Switzerland, nil. Spain, with a population of 18,000,000, has 4i01 persons eover 100 years of age. Of the 2,250,000 inhabitants of Servia, 575 have passed the centurymark. -.France, with a lopllllation of 40,000,000, has 213 centen arianis. In lHollard it is the custom for women to wash the china and silver used at break fast nnd tea immediately after the meal in the presence of the family and guests. Durban, South Africa, has become a winter resort, and contains some of the finest: residences in the world. They are surrounded by tropical tress, flowers, and fruits. Clinkers from the refuise destructors at Bradford, which in 1894 cost nearly £1000 for carting and dumping: is now turned to profitable purpose in mortar ansq concrete making. In the experiments which have been car ried out in South Africa witis wireless tele graphy it was found that the vibration caused by the firing of the heavy guns had no effect on the system. Three-tenths of the earnings of a Bel gian convict are given to him on the ex piratlon of his term of imprisonment. Some of them thus nsave more money in goal than they ever suved before. An English contemporary states that at WVoolwich all departments are worklting night and day to getsstores ready for China. Pom-poms-the quick-firing guns so effee tualla used by the Boers in the earlier stages of the present oar-are to be manu factured "till further orders." The Ad Inlralty announce that the Wallaroo sailed fruon Jervia Bay, Australia, for Hongkong on Monday, And that the Whiting will sail from Nagasalta for TaFlcu on Friday. The Argonaut, weich has left for China, will, withl the exception of H.M.S. Terriible, be the largest, fastest, and best equipped lritish cruliser in Chinese waters. The omficer selected for.the somewhat im plortant position of Intelligence Oficer on Brigadler-General Sir A. Gaslee's staff in the Indian Expeditionarsy Force to Chinas is Captain Ewclyn V. Mleidows Norie, of the 77th East MIiddlesex Regiment. Cap tain Noria was.in charge of the Intelligence Department in the Chin-Lushai Expedi tionary Force so-me ten years ago, and also has had some experience at the Staff Col lege, hence hees not novice at the work. Furthermore, he Is the only oficer belong ing to a European regiment, outside and apart from sirtilhiry and engineers, on the Brigadier's staff. Misis IMargeritaGast, who has'broktn the 1000-mile wheel record in America, is a native of Bavaria, who was known as the best dancer in the village. iThis wonderful performance, a thalsand milts in 113 hours and 23 minutes, was done on all extremely simplel vegetarian diet. For dinner she had two boxes of strawberries, two oranges, three raw new notatoes, Zwebeick bread with no'butter, and-a glass of claret. The luncheon consisted-of one box of strawber rles, two bananas, green peas, and ra cp of boiling-tea. Dr. Morris Martin, who was one of the doctors employed by-General Cronse in the fightlng which teokle place before his cap ture, is at present staying with his friends at Idtrmtlnghsim. Dr. -MIartin was conm manideeredl in spite of his vigorons pro tcsts. "Yull either go or be shot," was the alternative-offered him. He heard Kruger malkeo a speech, in which he ald he swotild lead the Boer commar.ndos to Cape Toewn :nI establishl their dom-iniot througbout South Africa. He promised-Caspetown to Mr. Stryn, and said he would take Durlban him- t crlf. 