Miscellaneous Mail News. From the latest English files to hand are taken the following interesting items : — As the result of a census, the residents of Mai low have voted in favour of abolishing the annual fair, which periodically monopalises the principal streets. Marlow Fair is said to;be the last institution of the kind in Bucks, Two four-horse coaches left London for Paii-, One was diiven by a wealthy American lady, who was tikin' out a uartv of ueisonal fiiends The fares paid by the passengers with the other coach amounted ti 160 guinea?. The halt the first night was at Reigate. Next day Newhaven was leached, when tho coaches and horses were transported to Dieppe. The journey to Paris aud back to English Boil was to be made by easy stages of about 30 miles a day. A Coverdale Bible (1-535) realised £300 in a Lon don saleroom. There is said to bu no perfect copy in existence, but one sold gome years ago fetched £760. A nail from Charles I. 'a. scaffold told for £5 103. Marvellous enamel?, jewels, and goldsmiths' work, boxwood carvings, aud ancient silverware, fill the ' Waddesdou Bequest iiooin ' at the British Museum, which was opened to the public ju Mon day, April 1. The collecttoD, which includes 265 ai tides, was bequeathed to the nation by the late ±Saron Ferdinand Rothschild. The Baron was Buch a keen collector that be thought little ti i art ing with thouiands of pounds at a time for a splendid ornament or a fine specimen of the art of some great man. Only a few years ago he sent an agent to the Duke of Devonshire and offered him £25,000 for five pieces of enamelled gold of tare design aud perfect workmanship. The famous ' Lyte jewel ' is a noteworthy feature of the collection. Jaoics I. gave it to Thomas Lyte ; iu the course of time it he came the property of the late Duke of Hamilton, and was bought by the Baron at the Hamilton sale. Four magnificent bronze medallions dating back to 250 B.C., aud possibly to 350 B.C. ; a rock-cryslal cup, with its cover carved in the likeness of % stork ; aud two small portrait buste, valued at hundreds of pounds, but originally ' picked up ' in Prague for 4s by the father of the late Sir Edgar Boehm, aie other exhibits of interest. The many millions left by ' Chicago ' Smith — the Scotch gentleman who occupied chambers at the Reform Club in London aud lived ou 15s a day — l.ave proved a windfall to both England aud America. The death-duties payable in this country weie close upon a nrlhon sterling, nad the tax upon the huge fortune brought some millions of dollars to the American Treasury. Pariian,«nt has been tsked to permit the British Museum to rid itself of some of the accumulited piles of newspapers— London, provincial, colonial, aud foreign — which at present occupy three miles of shtlvos. The Bloody Tower at the Tower - f London has beju restored. At the Mint excivatuns are being made for the erection of a new die department. The Miut stands ou the site of East minster Abbey, which for eize li vailed thai of Westminster. During the excavations a human tkull was discovered under one of the floors. Au action brought by omnibus proprietors against the London County Council to test the legality of the action of the council in running their halfpenny 'buseB from the termiui of their tramway system, was decided iu the Chaucery Division. The Judge held that the couucil teas acting illegally, aud had overstepped its powers, as successor to the London Tramway Company, iu carrying on a separate busi ness as omnibus proptietors. He would rot, how ever, grant an injunction, pending an appeal. An uuderqr :und telegraph cable has n.w been laid betwdeu London and Birmingham, a distance of 120 miles. The work has occupi d ov^r tire years. What is supposed to have been a Saxon cemetery has been unearthed near Newport Pagoell. Skele tons have been found I3 iug in a circle, the feet pc'iutiug to the ceutre. ProfeEsor Dewar, who 8)me time back astonished tbe scientific woild by liquefying bydiogeu, has uovr succeeded iu producing hydrogen as a solid. The professor explaiued at the Royal Institution how this gas could be solidified by surrounding a tube con taining it with liquid air to prevent the iagress of heat, acd then, by applying a powerful airpump to th liquid hydrogen, transformed it into a white opaque solid. During excavations at Crewkerne some curious copper coins were uneaithed. Oneboie the inscrip tion, ' John Howard, F. R.S. Remember the debtors in Ilchester Gaol.' There was a representation of Howard ou the obvene of the coin, and round the edge were the words : ' Payable at Banbury, Ox ford, aud Reading.' A Dahomey giantess has anived in England. She Btauds 8ft. in height and is 30 ye irs of age. She was one vi the King of Dahomey's amazor.s. In 24 hours close upon 700 trains pass iu and out cf the New-street Railway Station, Bnmiugham. At Lowestoft a bricklayer was sentenced to lour months' hard labour ou two charges of damag ng ladies' dresses by throwing oil over them. During tho last few months mauy costly dresses have been spoiled in this manner, and recently the prisoner was caught in the act. Three sisters presented their respective husbands with twins within four hours,;tbe other day, at Mend ham. New Jersey. There were two pairs of boys and one pair ot girls. The ghoit of a ' White Lady,' who ia. said to haunt the Castle of Berlin, is reported to have beeu seen lately. Her appearance, according to the legend, forebodes the death of some member of the Uoyal House. The story came to the e irs of the Kaiser, who summoned before him the young officer who was one of the ghost seers. He was ready with answers as to the lady's height and dress. ' Wa9 she carrying anything ?' asked the Kaiser. ' Ves ; in her right hand was a candlestick.' «? And iu the left ?' ' A box of matches.' The Emperor burst into roars of laughter, and paternally dismissed the young warrior with the advice not to peer about cor ridors aud to say no more about the '' White Lady.' Evidently the Emperor holds the tound opinion that ancient gho&ts; don't walk about with modern match boxes. 