PERSONA LITIES. Mr. W. H. Gladstone was president of ? Pop '-the Eton Debating Society-and, according to one of his schoolmates-who could hardly have realised the pan he was perpetrating-was very popular in that capacity. He was a splendid speaker, a brilliant live? player, and a very useful cricketer-in fact, he was really a good all-round man. The Prince of Wales occasionally played cricket at Cambridge when he was there, but the only formal match he ever took part in was between 1 Zingari and the Gentlemen of Norfolk, at Sandringham. The Prince went in first-and went out first, for cricket balls have not the least respect for royalty, and he was bowled first ball However, he was on the win ning side, the Zingari. Lord Jersey was a splendid runner when he was a boy, and won the mile at Eton in 1862. He was a good football player, bnt w«s d^iiMte,:»od'«nw4t ' l3ui "Gi>ll#ge v; , The Earl of Dudley wafcfc beone-bf thfj wgalthiestnoblemaiilaflfe kingdom. -He owns about 26,000 acBeai^ad h&' reiufc*oll & is estimated at ^128,000, -BtttthiabyTio means represents &e; real /wealth <»f the . Wards, forthoEarl ia a. great miaeowner and .ironmaster in tbe Midlanda. Jjord Dudley has estates in Worcestershire, Staffordahire, Merionethshire, and Box burgahire. The Queen of the Netherlandshas a decided fondness for pretty clothes. A Urge assortment of dress goods wte aenfc to the pal&cethe; other day, and -hoi' mother proceeded to<shooaeforthe Queen some alpaca and plain material; but Queen Wilheliuiaa flatly refusad to abide by the selection, and chose figured silks and brilliast dress materials, even for inornjng wear. She said that her loving parent might make use of the plain stuffs if she liked them, but she wanted some thing prettier. Nothing better illustrates the strength of the German Emperor's will than bis peraififcenfc and successful pursuit of sport in spite of physical disqualification. Although his right arm is useless * for abootang purposes, he shoots witli such industry and success that he has person ally accounted for nearly 30,000 head of game. His method of shooting is novel and ingenious. When the quarry iB sighted, his attendant plants a wooden j forked support in the ground; the Em peror rests his gun on this and fires with his left hand, without appearing even to take proper aim. Each day's scare is cut with a knife on the wooden support. Mr. Charles Neufeld, who for twelve years was a prisoner of the Khalifa at Omdurman, had some very terrible ex periences. One little amusement his captors indulged in was to blow their two great war-horns, made from elephants' tusks, right against his ears, nearly driving him mad. Then he was led out to be h&ngad; but he was reprieved at the last minute, and thrust into a prison so densely packed that axmfuls of lighted grass had to be flung in by the gaolers, in order to make the unhappy prisoners squeeze still more tight'y together. Dr. Newman Hall says that when ho was a very small boy his favourite book was the "Pilgrim's Progress'-'Piggy Pogey,' as he then called it. At nine ho started to smoke, and at the aarnu ago left off smoking for good, because of the un pleasant effects which dried cane cut into cigarettes had upon his 'internaleconomy.' At ten he was sent to school, and was immediately forced by his new friends to help a small boy fight a bigger one, with the result that Hall had his jawbone put slightly out of place, and felt the effects for many years atterwards. Dr. Hall must have had a good deal of pluck when he was a youth. He finished up his college life with a knapsack tour in the Highlands with a friend. He naturally read up Sir Walter Scott before going, and found in 'Marmion' that Michael Scott, the magician, was buried in the chancel of Melrose Abbey under a big stone, and that at one o'clock every morn ing he was supposed to rise from his grave, and prowl about. Hall's friend did not care about ghost- hunting, and stayed in bed; but Newman Hall went to the old Abbey one night, locked himself in, and sat on the stone in the chancel, with a club in his hand, waiting for the appear ance of the magician. Perhaps the latter was frightened of the club ; at all events, he did not appear. Readers of Dr. George MacDonald'e books will readily believe that he took an early interest in temperance questions. The power with which he describes the evils of intemperance in 'The Piddling Soutar's Last Tune,' 'Sir Gibbie,' etc., show that he has thought long and to purpose on these matters. How true this is may be gathered from..the fact that, when in his last years at school, before leaving his native village at the age of fourteen to attends Aberdeen University, MacDoDald was a pronounced advocate of temperance, and used to hold forth among his schoolmates at meetings whici were originated and carried on mainly through hiB influence with hiB class-fellows. 