News in Brief. IVonos' Grciit Peppermint Curo forCottghs and Colds never fails. Is Gil.-ADV. TUB infantry commanded by Lord Hob* erts have commenced their advance from i Krooostud, A STHIKK is threatened at the South Greta, Colliery, tho minora demanding an udvatico of 3d in tho hewing rato. THE Canadian scouts and Queensland Bushmen, under Sir Frederick Carrlngton, took part in tho reliof of Mafeking. I)h. Sibloy, of Goodooga Hospital, died suddenly on Wednesday of heart disease* Ho came from Juneo about four weeks ago. Tiik British casualties inlColonol Mahon'« engagomeut, west of Mafeking, 011 May 17, wero 30. Tho Doors lost much more heavily. Vkky high prices aro ruling for fat shoop iu Now Zealand. On Tuesday, a line of 3U00 wethers from Corwar Station, Canterbury, wan sold at £1 por head. MA.ioh Baden-Powell, brother of tho defender of Mafeking, had his watch smashed by a bullet during tho engagement fought by the relief column, but escaped all personal injury. OwiNoto the heavy rainfall, tho walcr bed of tho Hawkesbury River had nearly half a foot of rain on Wednesday, and a ? heavy flood is feared, several bridges being already submerged. A shocking accident ocuurrcd at tho Broken Hill Proprietary Blouk 12 Nlino on Wednesday. A mnn named Fredoriok Wilson slipped under a boiler weighing 12 tons, which was being moved, and was crushed to death. IN connection with tho propossd visit of Earl Boauchamp to tho Corowa show, Mr. J. A. Wallace, M.L.C., has placcd at tho disposal of tho Governor and bis party his homestead at Quat Quatta, three miles from Corowa. A COKI'OKAL of tho Capo Light Horse, during tho engagement betweon the Mufo king 'Relief Column and the Boers, under heavy firo, unharnessed a mule which had been shot dead in an ammunition cart team, and rohuruessing the rest of the animals, took tho cart into safety. ON Wednosday morning the dead body of Leonard Potor Mitchel waB found near tho residence of his parents in Abordeen street, Perth, with a bullet wound in it, and a rovolvor lying alongside tho body. Mitohell, who was 27 years of age, suffered from chronio asthma. MR. Stewart, overseer on Tongamain station, near Hay, was found dead on tho station on Sunday lust. Tho deceased loft tho homestead on Saturday, on horaebauk, for his own home, about soven miles distant, and it appears that tho horse fell and rolled on him. Mr. Stowartjwas a married man. AT auction, at Scott's Hotol, Melbourne, Toms Lake station, near Booligal, com prising an area of about 2,000 acres of free hold land, and about 42,000 aetos of lease hold, together with stock, plant, and furni ture, was sold for £4,612, the purchaser being Mr. A. J. Crossley, of Hillston, New South Wales. TUB citizens of Brisbatio on Wednesday night celebrated tho reliof of Mafoking in a mannor worthy of that historic ovent. Tho Treasury-buildings wero magnificently illu minated. A largo body of tho land und marine defonco forcos was drawn up 111 lino in William-street, facing tho Troasuro build ings, Tho Governor, from tho balcony, ad dressed the troops, and said that while l hoy had not taken part iu the Badou-Powoll's deeds of during, they could at least show their appreciation of tho bravery of that gallant officer and his men. His Excelleuoy concluded a silting speech by calliog for ; cheers for Badon Powell, which wero lustily responded to. I AN iucidout of a distressing nature in connection with the demonstration iu honor of tho roliof of Mafeking has come into notice in tho death of Mrs. D. H. Cromp* ton, of Nicholaon-street, Ballurat Kant. Mrs. Crompton was of a highly nervous temneraiiient. When tho report as to the raising of tho siege was confirmed the lady drove to one of the newspaper oflices to mako sure that thoru had been no mistake, and then gave expression to her gratitudo, by standing up in Lho vehicle and singiog the Doxology. A littlo later Mrs. Cromp* (on was seized with an apoploctic stroke, from which she never recoverod. The de ceased lidy, who wus about 50 years of ago, wan a daughter of tho lato Captain John Gardiner, of Gcclong. Thk recollections of tho scandalous assault committed on'|Prcsident Loubet, at the Autouil racecourse, in Juno last is still' frosh in tho memory of ovory Purisian. Al. M. Loubot has coucludcd to forget and forgive, und has signod a decreo granting a fullpardon to Baron do Christiani, who per petrated tho outrage. Tho latter, who was couvicted on 13th Juno, will thus have uc* comnlmhod some nino months and three weeks' time in gaol, instead of four years' imprisonment, to whioh he was sentenced. Tho Bron, by tho way, has always oxhibitod the utmost contrition for If s rulliuuly con* duct. The prisoner pleaded guilty at the trial, alloging that ho had lost his hoad whon he committed the assault, and his behavior during his inaurcoration has been exemplary. New York is a giant dynamo. That is tho latest startling statement of the condi tion of tho capital of tho. Now World through the enormous use of electricity in every-day life. Indeed, life and property on Manhattan Island aro declared to bo menaced by what is c.dled M wild cat oleo tricily" escaping from the various trolley, heating, lighting power, and service wires which form a notwork under and over the surfaco of tho stroots. ThcBo currents aro " eating tho heart out of tho Brooklyn bridge," along which enough olectriolty is declared to be escaping to light a villago or run a factory. These curronts arc wander ing on tho elevated railways, undermining tho tall buildings and destroying the water, gas und sower pipes. Tin: Irish Houses of Parliament on Col legegroen, Dubliu, aro still oxtornally as they were when the Union was carriod, and constitute tho chief architectural glory of tho Irish metropolis. Internally, they h&vo; been knocked about a good deal to suit tho requirements of tho present tenants, tho Bank of Ireland. Tho Com* mous chamber has been altered out of all recognition, but tho. House of Lords re tnuiuH as it was when the Irish peers met thero for tho last timo. It is a vory hand somo chamber, and tho officers of tho bank aro always happy to show it to ac credited visitors. There is a story of a member who voted for tho Union, passion the building ono day in oompany with Curran, tho famous wit and barristor, to whom ho oxproesed a desiro to seo it re* moved. " I'm not surprised," said Curran, " thero novcr yot was a murderer who was nob afraid of a ghost." Onk of tho visitation? of tho year in South Africa, besides tho drought und tho British Tonmies, are unusual swarms of locusts, so donso as to darkon tho noon day sun. Tho Boor professes to bo grate* fnl atone for tho insect plaguo, becauso, in his heated imagination, ho bolieves that locust and drought combined will destroy the Queen's ariries, so littlo docs ho know or realise tho stern facts of tho case. If, like the Kaffirs, we have to eat and livo on tho locusts, as Pegwoll Bay people do upou shrimps--to which, strippod, thoy aro not dissimilar, though thoy were more oleaginous and acrid in tasto, oven when roasted-tho war, they'll have to learn, is to bo fought to a iinish. Gracious! Ima gine day-long ahowers of shrimps ! By the railway, and drivinc across brown and blistered p&tohos;, by miles following miles, tho white filin-wingod locusts tilled the air, drifting by a donso, tawny-tex tured snow storm, oach hugo (lake a living, gormandising creature. 