To ' Banjo.' 'Tis just a line in welcome here to ' Banjo' from the veldt, Who often saw the firing line, and burning powder smelt ; Who saw the lyddite bursting gtim, who beard the Mausers riDg, And saw the blood-stained clothing round wounded warriors cling. But it's not so much for doings on the distant Afric's shore That we offer him a greeting — we've known him long before ; We know Mm by hie ringing rhymes, they're racy of our land, And know his heroes one by one, we've grasped them by the hand. We have wheeled the mobs with 'Clancy,' we've fought with ' Bsltbusb Bill,' And saw the 'Snowy River' chap go racing down that bill ; We are simply proud of ' Pardon the son of old Reprieve,' And know the man from Ironbark who made the barber erieve. We've been with 'Fred' and Conroy's sheep 'way down the Caatlereieh, And done some time with ' Peter,' who discreetly kept away ; We saw the ' Open Steeple' that was won upon the post, And once we caught a pacing glimpBe of 'Andy Regan's' ghost, We'll grip the hand of 'Banjo' on bis visit to the Went, Though our greetiDg may be rugged, oar W1HUOB Bra buo uoai , For pleasint hours wo thank him for, when by his genius led On fancy's wing we've tailed, the mobs on waving blue grass fed. We've heard the Btirrups jingling as we read bis racing verse That tells the tales of our own land in language true and terse, And dainty finders turned the leaveB that tell of plains and tracks, And bushraon to their distant camps have swagged them on their backs. Bat gentle ones, in cosy homes, or toilers from oat back. We'll fall in line thiB very day, and march a common track, To meet a minstrel whom we call our own, with glow of pride, Whose harp, in working order still, we hope is by bis Bide. We march to meet our ' Minstrel Boy,' to take bis strong right hand, And squeeze it, good old-fashioned style, first time in SilverUnd ; And eay in cheery ringing tones right heartily and clear, The ' Mnn of Snowy River' ride, our 'Banjo's' welcome here. P. P. QOINN. Dundas. ^^^^_^^^^^__ 