"In Fields of the Sea." YACHTING IN THE RAIN AT COWES. (By Allen Upward.) The lustre of the rain is over it all. The Solent Sea, the yachts' play- ground, is crinkled with grey furrow's, on which the foam-spit nickers like driving snow. When the purple cur tains of the rolling rain part for a mi- Dute, the- white edge -of Hampshire gleams like a picked bone. Away to the westward, where the rac- ing cruisers are. rounding- the Lepe buoy; their taut sails glisten like washed tiles in the welcome sun, But this is only while they are on the reach out; as they twist round' the red and white top, invisible on the water, and come up into the wind, the sunlight empties outt of their sails like so much spilled water, and each.boat beconies a grey, shadowy ghost gliding' forward along grooves of lead. . . .-: Then the rain wreaths close round again ; Hampshire is blotted out with all its hills and woods and, houses, and the- racing yachts are blurred sugges- tions behind a veil. . Here, in the Roads, a real sea is beating', in,' tossing, two-hundred-ton schooners up and down as though they were the merest cock-boats, and send- feg its- sjstaj' evsr ihs ussy e£. feadght brass cannon with which the Royal Yacht Squadron salutes its Royal mem- bers when they anchor off the castle. MUFFLED IN RAIN. On the whole pleasure fleet the rain falls with the effect of silence. There need no ensigns living half- mast to re- mind us of the sailor Prince who has sailed on the last dark voyage. The elements have conspired to put Cewes into mourning: Few are the. launches seen darting to and fro between the club landing- stages and the steamers in the Roads, few the boatloads of neat-jerseyed yachtsmen congregating at the old Town Steps. The rain and wind have blotted out the life of the Roads like the landscape, and the whole popula- tion afloat has shrunk into its cabins like a bca-thing into its shell. In this panorama of mist the Cowes of former years . seems impossible — ? it never can l^ave been. Where are those scorching mornings gone, on which we lay about on deck in our ligntest flannels, in the grateful shade of the mainboom or more luxurious awning siping iced drinks out of deep, cool flumblers, and puming languidly at Turkish cigarettes, while the rnerrv five-raters whisked past us. and we had scarcely energy enough to rush to the item and pull the boats out of the way of some daring racer threading its way between our stern and the bowsprit of our- neighbour? 'What of those sultry afternoons when an irresistible attrac tion drew us' ashore— the same attrac tion that, if you are ashore,- draws you irresistibly to go on board again- — and we squeered our way through perspir ing crowds round ? the Castle point to the refreshing little Green, where gToup5 of pleasure-seekers lay upon the giass, pretending to watch the races? OILSKINS. All that has vanished for the nonce, and instead, humiliated yachting men (foi yachtsmen in these latitudes means the crew) pop up discontented heads thiough the cabin hatches, scowl round the horizon for a; moment, from the dripping trees of Norris Castle on the one side; to the dripping roofs of West Cowes on the other, and then go down, grumbling, to strong drink and cards. Later in the day the same depressed figures show themselves at full length. A barefooted skipper, is seen giving ordeis to a couple of discouraged deck hands, the gig is hastily mopped out and: brought along-side, dry cushions are thrown into the stern, and then the prisoners from below emerge, oilskin ned from head to foot, bolt guiltily over the*side into the pitching boat, and are rowed ashore, where they take refuge instantly in clubhouse or hotel. Clcarl v there is a mistake in the word ing .of the law which declares that the Cowes Week shall begin with the first M(Hicray in August. Of course, it outjht to read— the first fine Monday. A SCHOOL OF SEAMANSHIP. Cowes at its best is England at its best. If Waterloo, was won on the playmtr-fields of Eton, it is here on this miniature channel between the Isie of Wight and its big neighbor, that the Mistress of the Seas lenews her youth. In Portsmouth, above all other places, I have seen the spirit of Britannia seems to show her self armed and waiting for the foe. At Cowes the victors of Trafalgar make nohday. Here, at least, the poor phra-e. that Englishmen take their pktvuies sndly fails to pieces. Here they take their pleasure, not. madly, like' the mere foreigner, but with the o]ad sense of freedom, and- the stern dc ii'T-ht in wrestling with Nature in all her moods, which, the foreigner so little un derstands. If there be a keener joy than steer ing vour own boat all the summer after noon till she rounds the last mark, and the welcome gun tells that the first prize is yours. I have never tasted it. To the visitor to Cowes it may seem that all the glory of the racing- is re flected on tne Dig yacms. tm- u'''. ? nias and Meteors, those snowy towers ot j canvas that move with the dip and j glide of glaciers in a hurry down the | broad wake of waters. But' the keen j sportsman has long ago lost touch ot : the delight in being a passenger on board his skipper's craft, while that masterful functionary, compared with whom one's- coachman is but a servant, and one's head gardener a willing slave, pits. his skill and the designer's against their professional rivals. . THE BEST SPORT IN YACHT .. ? V ING. So nowadays the best sport in yacht ing is found 'among the smaller craft, from the tiny h?.!f-rater up to the five, on board which no paid hand may touch, the 'tiller. And lest the de signer should-have too great an innings, classes are introduced, in winch all the bo'ats are built alike down to the small est bolt, and it becomes a question of the helmsman's skill and luck alone. There is no prettier sight than a Meet of these tiny cutters crowding and dodg ing on the line, which each wants to cross at the exact moment when the blu^-peter is hauled down. For sigit is quicker than sound, and the moment between the shifting of the flags and the crack of the gun may mean the whole difference of a tack. Equally picturesque is it when some bi$r classj the 'forties' perhaos, mum ing from its outward run, comes in tc the midst of such a fleet of 'ones' or 'halves,' through which the giants jas* like swans between a brood vi auik lin°'= Whatever be the effect of the stormy weather on ? the racing— and, of ci'urte -uch wee craft show best in snuotn water, the muster of cruirnfi ya L^ is letter than was feared. There seem to be as many of the big white stcam e-s a 5 u^ual, the chief falling c:f is ;n the attendance of; the lesser, yawls and cutters, from 20 tons to 80 viv- h ?.re t. yachting what infantry is to an ury.\'. The angry sea has caused ludunvs skippers to space out their craft more widelv,so that the roads look fuller than they really are. i counted a dozen craft I on v in the berth to the west ui the m.' ! steamers' fairway, the rest are in pro per tion. 