THE graraI g0nt i cr t, PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY MORNING. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1900. RECEIPT AND PAY OFFICE.-The following accounts await payment at the sub-treasury : - Traralgon - P. Dunbar, Richard Scott, Widdis Bros. Morwell-P. Larkin, R. Brinsmead, M. A. Farmer, Mirboo Mechanics', E. R. Bregenzer, J. Bretherton, E. J. Fair bairn. TRARALGON AGRICULTURAL So CIETY.-On Saturday last the President, Mr P. P. Serjeant, together with Mr E. L. Bruce and the secretary, made a canvas of the town for donations towards the forthcoming Show, and together with subscriptions got close on 1 30o, which must be considered highly satisfactory. If only the members of the Society in the outlying portions of the district would work with a will and endeavor to obtain additional members, the list could easily be raised to over aoo, and much greater interest would be taken in the show. MECHANIC'S INSTITUTE.-- Applica tions for the position of caretaker must be sent into the secretary to day, also tenders for repairs to the building. Particulars may be obtained from Mr. W. Macdonald. ACCIDENT.-While returning home from Tralalgon on Thursday evening, Mr Olive, of " Minniedale," met with an accident. A few miles from home the reins broke, and one of the horses, a young animal, started to play up. Mr Olive's son, who was driving, jumped out to try and control the horses, but they wheeled round, with the result that the buggy capsized, and Mr Olive was thrown heavily on to the road, falling on his head. Dr. Patterson attended him and found he had sus tained concussion of the brain. TRARALGON CRICKET CLUB.-The s annual meeting of the above club is called for Thursday evening next, at Varney's hotel, at 8 p.m. As the t business is important it is hoped the m embers will roll up. OBITUARY.- On Saturday last Mrs Jane Colvin, an old resident of Sale, passed away, after a long illness. She was the mother of Mr Colvin, manager for Messrs W. D. Leslie and Co, of this town. Her remains were interred in the Sale cemetery yesterday afternoon. REMOVAL.-Mr Walters, the assis tant stationmaster, who has resided in Traralgon for the last four years, has been transferred to Warragul, and will leave for that place on Friday next. During his residence in Traralgon he has made many friends through his courteous and obliging disposition to all who came in contact with him. His removal to Warragul means promotion, and as he has previously been stationed in that place, he is not a stranger to the duties. We understand that Mr Sheppard, of Warragul, will take the place of Mr Walters here. WARNE'S SPECIALITY COMPANY. We would remind our readers of the visit of this company to Traralgon on Wednesday next. The company con sists of some talented artists, who are highly spoken of, so they should be accorded a good house. Popular prices I are charged. PRESBYTERIAN SUNDAY SCHOOL The anniversary of this school will be 1 celebrated on Sunday next, when the Rev. A. C. Smith, M.A, of Armadale, will preach morning, afternoon and evening. On the following Wednesday a tea meeting, concert, etc., in connec tion therewith will be held. THE ROYAL VISIT.-Our Melbourne correspondent writes :-The visit of I the Duke and Duchess of York will of course be the occasion of some pageant and ceremony, but it is to be hoped the Government will not forget, that all this sort of thing costs money, and will not be too extravagent. We gave a welcome to Lord Brassey in 1895, when he landed at St. Kilda, almost fit for a crowned head, and we know what a tight fisted customer he turned out to be. The son of our Queen is justly entitled to evidences of our loyalty to his august mother, but there is no senses, but rather the opposite, in out running the constable. The other day speaking to a member of a large firm in Collins St., I must say I was rather surprised to hear that even the announcement of the Royal visit had greatly revived trade in his and other businesses. This seems a bit pre mature, but if my friend can be believed, is the fact. He said already people were contemplating renovations to their houses, having new costumes designed, etc., and he predicted the introduction of the Comtonwealth and the attendant functions would in the opening of zgos cause no inconsider- I able stir in trade all over the colonies. EARLY SEED POTATOES. - Good i sample on view at J. S. MII.GAN'S, i storckeeper, Franklin- street, Traralgon. , PARCELS.-Parcels for the following are lying at the Railway Station:. Gay, Olive, Duncan, Waite, Woodyatt, Broomfield, Gorman, Maxtield, Owen,. Grubb. PECULIAR RECEIVING CASE.--At the Sale police court on Friday William Abbott, a well known townsman, was proceeded against by the police on a charge of being a receiver of stolen t goods. The case is a somewhat excep tional one. Some time ago a man I named Donnelly was convicted of f burglary in Sale, and it appears that he I was accustomed to deposit some of i his plunder on premises over which Abbott had control. Abbott, without being aware of this, took a coat and pair of boots as a sort of treasure troye, and dealt with them as such without I informing the police, whereupon the charge was brought. The facts were not disputed, the accused was comrn mitted for trial at the Baiznsdale court, light ball being allowed. HI-ow HE GOT IN.-The tricks of bailiffs are many and various. The " bummers" have to be pretty sharp 4 men to outwit the class af people with whom they are most frequently called upon to deal. How to get into a house without breaking in like a burglar, when the residents have resolved to keep you out, is often a knotty problem, and this is bow it was solved by a Geelong bailiff. He (says " Punch") had been lurking t about the place for some days without h having a ghost of a chance, and was a keeping dark at a little distance in the hope of convincing the garrison that he had abandoned the siege ; and noticing a lot of boys playing cricket on a neighbouring piece of land he called one youngster and bribed him with a shilling. " As soon as I get near the door and give you the c ffice, you smash the ball through the front . window, I pay all expenses." The bailiff sneaked to the door, and the ball went through the window with a it great bang and clatter. Out rushed the householder-and in popped that bailiff. HORSE-BREEDERS desirous of se . curing the services of the champion r. trotting stallion, "Cupid," are requested to apply early, as his list is filling rapidly. To meet the views of those having more than one mare, the fee is reduced to £z2 os for each mare, pay able £1 on service and balance when mares prove in foal. This charge tc d apply all round- for one or more mares and no reduction under any n circumstances.-ADvT. if YOUR ATTENTION is invited to T. H. If AITE'S grand display of new Spring d Goods. Do not fail to see windows when in Traralgon.-- AovT. r DENTISTRY.-In consequence of the d increase of business Mr C. B. Trood, dentist,, will visit Traralgon the and and 4th Thursdays of the month, and r may be consulted at Mr Duncan's, , chemist.-AvTr. For Painting, Papering, Graining or Signwrating, go to GEORGE WHITE Op posite Post Office, Traralgon.-A- vr. e The only two great European capitals ' that never have been occupied by a foreign h foe are London and St. Petersburg. e Private J. W. Crighton, formerly of , arragul, a member of the Imperial r Bushmen's Contingent, died of entric d fever at 1iafeking on the 18th inst. it Mr. Albert Harris, M.L.A, informs us It that he has no intention of standing for the Federal Parliament, and will offer himself for re-election for his present seat. Mn r. Alfred Deakin, M.L.A, has pro mised a Ballarat deputation that he will stand for the Ballarast seat in the Federal House of Representatives. e Mr 8. A. James, piano tuner, will visit Traralgon next week, for the purpose of It tuning, regulating and repairing pianos or e organs. Order, left at the Grand June tion hotel will be attended to. Messrs Michaelis, Hallenstein and Co., Proprietary Limited, of 382 and 384 Lonsdale Street, Melbourne, announce elsewhere that they are now buying wattle bark for cash, in any quantity. Mr C. B. Trood, dentist, will visit Traralgon on Thursday next, and may be consulted at Mr J. G. B. Duncan's during the day. The next visit of Mr A. French, dentist is Saturday.next, the 29th inst., when he can be consulted at the Grand a Junction hotel. 5 Another dreadful rarine disaster, this I time in Eastern European waters. The Egyptian mail steamer Charkieh, trading between Alexandria, Piraous, and Con stantinople, has been totally wrecked and 100 lives lost. The vessel was lost on Andris Island, one of the principal islands i in the Grecian Archipelago. . A Scotch servant-girl in America is I reported to have unexnectedly come into four millions sterlmng, and is said to oe hastenine home to her native Scotland to enjoy it. Since her accession to fortune bshe has had offers of marriage from ninety men whom she he, never seen. \- The English press strongly resents the effusive patronage of Kruger by the Dutch Governnent, and the showering of honors upon himu. The London "Stan dard" in particular is very outspoken and trenchant, and declares that the conduct of the Netherlands Government has been provocative and insolent to Great Britain. W. BrEwEr, saddler, Traraleon is a Purohaser of all descriptions of Hides Sand Skins, at highest market rates. :Prompt Cash on delivery of each lot. ADVT. General Smith-Dorrien's brigade, the S19th, which consists of the Shropshire Light Infantry, Gordon Highlanders, Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry, and the Royal Canadians, have, since the Scmmencement of the war in Africa, Scaken part in the capture of ten towns, fought in ten general actions, and on twenty-seven oiherdays. In one period of thirty days it fought oi twenty-one of t hem, and marched 327 miles. The I casualties have been between 400 and 500, and the defeats not worth speaking about. The Children's Hospital bazaar which was held in Melbourne closed on Satur day night. It has been successful be yond anticipations, and has in fact re moved the heavy debt of £13,000 which has so long rested on the institution. The gross actual proceeds to date are £15,251, the actual expenditure to date is £1146, and thenut present profit is therefore £14,105; but there is another £1000, approximately, still to come us, and expenses of about £850 yetto beI defrayed. The cross profits are there fore estimated at £16,251, and the net proceeds at £14,285. All doubt as to the intention of ex President Kruger, of the defunct South African Republic, to leave the country and seek refupe in Kolland is now dis. polled by an official announcement that Kruger has accepted the offer of the Netherlands (Dutch) Governmenttosend one of their warships to Delagoa Bay, a where hlie now is, to convey him to Hollt:rnd. Though since his arrival the t Portugese Government has refused to ii allow Kruger to communicate with any a of the late Transvaal offioials, he has been informed that no obstarcles will be placed in the way of his departure from Delago Bay in a Dutch man--of-war. 