THE BEAUTIFUL MRS. LEACH I PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. IBs?- < kutb" >f "A Strange Solution," "The Star Child," "Meresta," "When the Birds Begin to Sing," "The Great House of- Castleton,". &c.;, &c.; '.< ' : ' COPYRIGHT. /, CHAPTER XXVI. --(Continued.) ' ; Crlstlna showed unmlstakeable relief at Bettyls. suggested departure. To have a confl- 'dentlal servant, her late husband's nurse, . spying about Compton Hall was tho very laBt thing she desired. . - " "Maybe," continued the old woman, "1 won't see you again; But should the good day come, ma'am, when I can say 'The blood of Mr. Eddie Is avenged, then I'll make bold to congratulate you— to take you by the hand that we may thank " God together. And the thought' of It has been with me this long time, a-mlxln' of Itself up In my dream's. I've told itV from the first, and If It please the Al mighty to spare me I'll yet behold the rufllan ln the dock. For when he's there I'll be look ing at him. If there's sight In my old eyes." She turned away; and Crlstlna noticed that her body trembled beneath the quaint shawl, which trailed to the foot of a black alpaca skirt. "Where are you going, Betty?" "Back to the station, ma'am, to wait a train. My luggage is slttln' there, right enough. I'd no courage to bring It along, but I'm strong on my feet still, to walk a country rodd." Crlstlna felt for the moment half-Inclined to offer, her some refreshment, bUt she had a, desperate dread of Betty's tongue let loose amongst the servants at Compton Hall. The murder Was over and done with, a "sealed subject, so why not suffer, sleeping dogs, . to. lie?. Besides, It would be encouraging, the old. woman to detain her. ..... . .. "All right," murmured Mrs. Leach, with a far-away expression In her beautiful eyes, which seemed to be looking straight through Betty at some object beyond, "I can't under stand you being foolish enough to come on a wild-goose 'chose, when a letter written be forehand would have saved you all the trouble. Good- bye." She turned away, without offering her hand, ' and touched a bell. Instantly a manservant appeared to usher out the Unwelcome visitor, who groped lier way down the steps In the gathering twilight. "Noyer a kind word," she muttered, "nor even a' cup o ten. And that's Mr. Eddie's Wife!" ' , . ' The words choked her, nnd as she hurried down the avenue more than one ' deep sob broke the silence of a. .still evening. Tears blinded her eyes, teara of bitterest disillusion ment; for. Betty had been a. staunch admirer of Mrs. Edward Leach; and had fought her battles bravely whenever a chance offered. For though Crlstlnn's conduct towards the Leaoh fatmllj'" sorely Wounded them, Betty's love had remained unohnnged towards the offender. True Indeed, "We form not our af fections. It: Is they that do .form us, and' form us lif1 despite of ' our poor protests," But now the .veil slipped from Betty's eyeB, and she staggered,, on through the gloom, a most miserable, arid despondent old . woman./, Crlstlna- bealrd the hall door close with, a sigh of relief. reilc UlWttjO UVilSVi WW \\.\J UVUWtl k»»UV MMMI , , ' worm l(! said the beautiful Mrs, Leach. CHAPTER XXVII.— SOMETHING ON HIS \- . / '-/MIND. .. . Oliver snatched up his cap, and passed oqt' Into the fresh eVenlrig air. He" was very white, arid held the key of his laboratory fast In his hand. ."'A man with something on his mind." Thus a passer-by would have styled him. He was walking for no object, he merely wished to think. His eyes were fixed on 1 the ground, his hands were thrust In his pockets, and he covered the muddy road with long swift strides. So engrossed was he with his own thoughts he never heard a light step running after h)m, till a fresh young voice cried eagerly, "I felt sure it was you, Oliver. iW.ere you cc.mlng to Jessamine Cottage?" He stopped short, momentarily confused. Ethel waited for a word of greeting In re turn, a graso of the hand, bUt her lover seem ed In a dream, from which she had boister ously aroused him. "I— I— am afraid I startled you!" she said, hesitatingly, Hushing with annoyance at her hasty action. "I was trying to think something out," re plied Oliver — "but it doesn't matter." He gave no smile, nor yet perceived the hand she had outstretched and dralwn back quickly. "How unlike the Oliver of old days!" said her heart, with a throb of pain. His attitude Btruek her as singularly ungracious. "Were you coming to the Cottage?" she asked, determined to make him elnswer. He did so without hesitation. "No, dear, I was not. I didn't feel equal to any kind of society; my brain was full of " He stopped, thinking It better to leave his explanation unfinished. "Ah! you have been overworking . again! she sighed. "What Is your aim? Why let It sap your spirits and master you like thiB? Oh! I wish you could forget your ambition, if only for five minutes every day, and just remember- me," "I am working fpr the truth." he answer ed; "I wish, and I mean to malm a great dis covery." ' „ „ Ethel.slghed, "You know what Lytton says, she answered defiantly: " 'Not a truth as to Art or to Science been given But brows have ached, for It, and souls tolled and striven; " , ./; , And many have striven, and many fallrid, And many died, slain by the Truth they as- SEdl'd. ' Her voice vibrated as she,spoke the words; she was feeling herself at that moment a highly Injured person. Her annoyance was increased by Oliver's apparent unconscious ness. She tried to make hint look at her, as she raised her indignant little chin, but. she saw no reflection of herself In bis eyes, only an expression which puzzled and half-frigh tened her. ' "Oliver." she said, catching his strained look in the gathering mist, "you have seen something dreadful." "What makes you think that?" "Your face, Oliver," she added, quickly. He smiled vaguely.- "Come, little1 girl, I will see you home; it Is getting quite dusk, arid you must not be out alone after dark. As for, myself; : don't bother about- me. I'm-rlght enough, but you know, all things as well as all men are sub ject; to Fate, Time, Occasion,) Chance and Change." . 'I . I "Except,". . added Ethel, " 'Eternal Love.' If you quote don't forget the gem at the end." They walked on in Bilence, for she found he was In no mood to talk. The strangeness of if startled her. This was like a "walk with Oliver's ghost; yet only the other day he had been his own, bright self again, when she told him of her father's letter. To reach Jessamine Cottage they had to . pass the high Iron. gates of Compton Hall. . "I wonder," thought Ethel, "If we shall see anybody passing In or out." She turned Involuntarily arid glanced up the drive. Someone was hurrying through the small side gate; a strange old- fashioned figure, draped In a long shawl, holding a handkerchief before her eyes. She sobbed brokenly, and appeared in doubt as to which turning should be taken. Standing there, un der the Bhadow of a great oak tree, she look ed like a wraith materialising before the late owner of Coiripton Hall, Ethel paused and pointed towards the hesi tating figure. "Look, Oliver, look nt that, queer little womnh.' Who can she be? Oh! dear, she's crying! I mUst see If I can help her." ' ' ' ' Ethel ran forward,, her kind heart .touched rit; the sight of suffering, her own troubles Instantly forgotten.' / . ' "Can I ne or use to your she aslced very gently, in her sweet, melodious voice. Betty looked up, touched by the simple question, and the kindly face, bent down to hers. She recognised at once In this stranger a sympathetic soul, someone to whom she might pour forth the grlevarice rankling In her Injured breast. "Ah! missy, It's the station I'm wanting— the station, worse luek; where my luggage is slttln'. There's no room for me at the Hall." . She pointed up the drive with a deep sigh, and wiped' her eyes afresh. Oliver joined Ethel and stood by, listening to the conver sation. ' . "No room," cried Miss . Thursfiy, "In that big house?" ' . Betty shook her head, "Ah! they don't want' an. old woman there, though what life is- left In me I'd have laid at ;Mrs." Lealch's feet willing, I would. I did not wan,t wages;, for I've earned good money in my time, having bided In the Leach family since poor Mr. Edward, as was murdered, first uttered his Infant cries in these arms. And they set great store by me in those days, but bless you, times Is changed, arid though the lady at the Hall bears the name of Leaoh, she'B not one of them! Mr. Eddie got took with her good looks, same as I did, but them's sometimes deceptive. She wants none UL IIlb| >ilUl iitfl (lil!iu ocl > lllllh- lllUll l much as ask me to take a seat; though at first I flopped meself down, quite at home like, and sure of a welcome." Oliver- had been listening intently to Betty's somewhat lengthy complaint, listening with an nlr of deepest Interest which utterly amazed Ethel, Strange indeed that he could forget his engrossing studies under the in fluence of this old woman's talk, when he . had barely a word or look for his fair young fiancee. "It only shows," concluded " Ethe', "how lightly he holds me now. 1 am practi cally nothing to him when these moods come on. Even a stranger has more power to rouse him than I." "You were with Mrs. Leach before her hus band died?" he queried, eagerly. "In the house, I gather, when the murder was com mitted?" "Indeed and I was. But for the poor mis tress leaving my shawl on the garden seat, the master might never have gone out to meet his death. But she seemed that different then; It regularly upset 'er to think of my best shawl getting spoilt by the dew. So she let's him go for it, as innocent as a lamb, awaiting all alone- Mr. Morrow's coming with her brother, Mr. Albert; I see'd theVn arrive. Suoli greetings In the Hall— as merry as birds In spring— when the news comes thait our Mr. Eddie was lyng stabbed on the lower walk by the shrubbery seat. Ah! one can't forget such a night, and it's being Mr. Morrow's first visit to his daughter's new home, made things seem worse again. But as I've always told Mrs. Leach, the murderer will be hunted down yet, arid she'll see the master avenged. It Is for that I'm living, sir; though to you as didn't know or love him my words may sound a bit like blood-thlrBt!" Oliver considered a moment. He looked at his watch. "I thlnlc you said, you were going to the station. Do you know there Isn't a train un- Betty Hung up her aims. "Well," she gasped. "If this is not the most unluckyjourney a body ever set out on! I can't go back to the Halt after Mrs. Leach'B treat ment of me. Nobody ever showed Betty the door twice!" "You must be fainting for food," put in Ethel; "and so tired, for I suppose you have no friends here." "Not here, nor yet in London, mlBs; for I am an old woman, arid my friends have most ly gone away to different parts or died, I never should have wanted a home while Mr. Eddie lived." "You must come and rest at my aunt's house untl) It Is time for your train; and you will certainly need a good supper before travelling back. We live close by, please let me give you an artq; It ha9 grown suddenly so dark." Betty's jaw fell with astonished gratifica tion. She had never dreamt of meeting with such kindness, after the rebuff alt the Hall, and from Btrangers, tool For a moment she was speechless, then stammered her fervent gratitude In confused delight. '.'Better still, let her come to my bunga low," said Oliver. "I live," turning to Betty, "on Mr. Morrow's estate. We are not friends, but that doesn't matter, since hlB daughter btts turned you out. My little establishment Is not a stohe's-throw from here, and you are looking very tired. By the way, what was that you said about your luggage being at the station? Were you intending to make your abode at Compton I-iall?": .."Yob, sir, thanking you kindly, sir. I'm that fond of tlie country, having lived with Mr, Edward's family for so many years." . "It seems almost- a pity to go back to London, doesn't it? I suppose you only took a single ticket, ell?" /! 'i'lioy. wore walking towards >the bungalow, and tlie drift of Oliver's conversation puzzled Ethel more than; ever. . "Can you;" he continued, "can you cook at all? Well enough for «t single man with a, very small appetite?" "Cook!" qried Betty, raising lier voice ex citedly;',"! should just think i cOuld! ' ; "Why, Mr. Ed ward. used to lllte.my pastry andome- lottes bettor, thrinr any In England or France; and he Was. mighty particular I can tell you.; In. Paris he said they came near to beat me, talking of omelettes. I always cooked his uiruiuay uinner -sor -mm. ROOKing nas oeen a fancy of mine since girlhood." "I was wondering," Oliver went on, "If I proved to you I was a thoroughly respectable person" (he smiled as he spoke), "whether you would like me to send for your boxes. I can offer you a situation as cook-housekeeper in my bungalow, since the good lady who used to 'do for me ' has taken herself off to marry a farmer!" '' Betty hesitated, Ethel could guess the thoughts distracting her mind, "This gentleman," she said, low and confi dentially, "Is Sir Oliver Ashtord; he used to live at Compton Hall. I don't think you will ever regret It If you accept his offer." . "Was there ever anything come so handy!" Betty declared, as 3he joyfully fell in with Sir. Oliver's suggestion. Sho, dearly loved' a title,' and both Oliver and Ethel had w.on her susceptible Heart from -the very first moment. "It must be the working of the Lord!" she sighed, gratefully, "just brought about special like, to comfort the downhearted." "Yes. I daresay Providence placed you In my path," agreed Oliver, cheerfully, with a re turn to good spirits. "You see I really need your services, you will be moBt valuable!" CHAPTER XXVIII.— "TO EVERY SWEET ITS SOUR." Jesaamlne Cottage was en fete, for Mr. Thursby had landed in England, and tele-, graphed his intention of arriving that very afternoon. Ethel, nearly beside herself with Joy, could not rest, but llltted hither and thither until the glad moment came, when she found her self clasped closely In h'er father's arms. How safe a haven it seemed after the long months of waiting! To feel the tender pres sure, and let her head fall on the strong shoulder, to know that whatever happened they could still rely upon each other. All the clouds dispersed as If by magic, and the sun shine of that glorious meeting gave her a foretaste of future bliss, when In Paradise unravelled jives shall be knitted together, spi ritually re-unlted. "Oh, father, " she whispered, "I'm glad you've come, so glad!" . He turned from her to his sister, and then a tall young man, with one of the handsomest faces Mi', Thursby had ever seen, held out his hand welcomtngly. ' "This is your future son-in-law," said Mrs. Jerome. , "This is Sir Oliver Ashford." Mr. Thursby. was, a quick judge of char-, acter. Unbiassed by Ethel's glowing ac counts, he felt Instantly attracted. The manly features, the broad clever brow, the eyes brimming over with intelligence, all told him at a glance that his daughter's fiance was no ordinary individual. He had made allow ances when" Ethel's letters reached him for the natural gush, the blind enthusiasm of first leve. Now he saw she had not exaggerated, and as ho entered into conversation with Oli ver all sense of being strangers drifted away In the pleasant atmosphere of the family cir cle. They drew round the warm hearth, and talked by' firelight. Ethel was seated be- : tween -the two men, her hand linked in Mr. Thursby's, her eyes resting lovingly upon his face. Such a kind harmonious face, with the grit of South African toll, nevertheless, stamp'ed on his bronzed forehead. He said nothing of his work until they had told him all their doings. Oliver noticed how pleasantly he drew front both slstdr and daughter the many small details of thelr dally . existence, which appeared to them of absorb ing Interest. Womanlike they were ready enough to expand under his gentle encour agement, and so cleverly did he lead them on they never realised he had told them little of himself. Fresh from ravel and adventure, Oliver wonderlngly admired the man's reti cence. "Fraser Thursby could keep a secret," the young baronet mentally ejaculated. "He has a head on his shoulders, and a face M'VilnVi IriotnMtlv flomonrle futiaf " "And so," said Ethel's father, "you have been engaged since the summer?" looking from her to Oliver. "It must seem a long time!" "Yes," sighed Ethel. Then breaking into a short laugh, and glancing roguishly at Oliver. "So long, that we sometimes forget that we are engaged at all." „ "Dear me! That's very sad," replied Mr. Thursby, a humorous twinkle showing Itself In his eyes, "very sad Indeed! But young people are dreadfully Impatient nowadays; they marry off with little or no consideration. In old times " Ethel put her hand over Mr. Thursby's mouth. "Now, father, you are teasing already," she Bald. "Besides, these present times are only the ancient times, when the world Is ancient, and that Is from the "Advancement of Learn ing," so not another word." She kissed him, to prevent a protest, straight on his moustached lips. Oliver en vied the lclss1.' " , ' ' "Well, I suppose," continued. Mr. Thursby, "you have fixed It all up In your own minds? Settled' the date most likely." "Indeed, . father, we should do nothing with out consulting you, of course; and as Oliver was saying only yesterday, we cannot think of marrying yet, . on account of three sordid letters, , which I daresay you can guess," "£ s. d,," responded the father, cheerfully; "decidedly a sensible obstacle. But since when has my little girl learnt the value of money? At one time she believed It was possible to keep a house and hunters on £150 a year. Ethel smiled, '"I had my hair down then," she said, and this appeared to furnish a satisfactory ex planation of the growth of heri Ideas since that unenlightened period. "Talking of money. Aunt Margaret and I want to hear about the mine. You- told us so LLIIV lit jrvut ICtlCIO LllUb at iUOt bU-VC up questioning. Some day It is to bring our ship Bulling homewards, laden with soldi" She spoke lightly, and with barely a thought tor the words which fell from her Hps. She did not see her father watching her face aearchlngly,: but Oliver remarked his look, and speculated upon Its purport. "Probably he knows the whole thing has gone to pot!" thought his future son, prtylng- ly, and tried to change the subject. But Mr. Thursby would not be led away. "Ah! the -ship," he said, "laden with gold. Supposing; Ethel, she were already In port, safely harboured?" The girl turned her astonished eyes full up on 'the speaker. "Father, what do you mean?" A flush of excitement rose suddenly to Mrs.' Jerome's face; she leant forward with an. eager question. "Oh! Fraser, are you In earnest? Has your' ship oome home at last?" - "Yes, Margaret, we struck oil, as the say ing goes; and this child here can do as she; likes tor the rost of her life; for I've made hef the fortune I promised. What, did you imagine : brought rife home a year sootier .than I expec ted? Of course, I came- to bring good news; not to grumble out a tale of failure. Besides, I thought it probable, if I told her by letter, these ecstatic young people might marry off before I could reach Old England to give them my blessing. So now there need be no delay, since I have only returned to see them hap py." Ethel could hardly believe the words. She fancied the room swnm round, ana mat she must wake abruptly from a tantalising de lightful dream. Her father returned like the good genius In a fairy .tale, to sweep all ob stacles from the path of their love, and she a wealthy woman, able perhaps to buy back Compton Hall from that odious Mr. Morrow! The thought staggered her with delicious possibilities. She gasped, out her surprise, while Oliver and Mrs. Jerome gave hearty and mere collected congratulations. Oliver was anxious to hear many details of the mine which Fraser Thursby had been tho first to discover and exploit. Yet Etliel, through lier Joy, realised dimly that he made no mention of tho marriage which this change of fortune slnguarly favoured. He seemed to have placed himself apart— to remember now some mysterious mission at which he had previously hinted when Ethel reproached him for neglect. (TO BB COXTIXIIF.I).) 