JOAN'S INEXPERIENCE. (COMPt/BTE SHORT STORY.) UTH, nulh, it's very important, I want ^i you' — from tho -.V. further side of my. SV MB clnnr. ? W f/ I had resolved to \y dovoto tho rooru il ing to study, but, If*, mother being on \W tho Continent, I I folt a certain ro H sponslblllty for *. grs. my beautiful H^gy younger slater. The 'very impor tant' decided mo. 'What is it ?' I nsked, as sho entered tho room. 'You'll never guess. Lord Avonraouth has proposed.'- .:??;,.?.- ? ? ? ' r. 'But. you haven't accepted mm? I asked, fearful that Inexperienced Joan should trust,. ? hor life to thcriian with tho worst reputa tion in the country. ? , 'Why not ?' .'''?.?? ' ? 'You don't. know anything about him I' , 'Don't I'? ' Ilo's tho most charnilnK man I ovor met, and I certainly said 'yes.' ' 'Wthai will mother say ?' I asked, as Joan, not ait all dlscomfltod at my cool ro ceptlon of hor news, ion my room, nura 111 Ing the refrain of a song. [Porploxcrt ' with the situation that had middonly arisen, I went downstairs to find our old friend and neighbor Jack Vllllers, of wIiqho proaenco tho exlgouoles of the dip lomatic service, to 'w'hloh he belonged, would soon doprlvous, . I (told him of my trouble, and ended by asking Ills advice. .Ton minutes lo-tor.ho said:..,; , \- 'Thlsiamy Idoa. -Joan-Is vory impres sionable. 'I havo an old friend In town who haa a -rare, knack of fascinating girls; I'll, 'got 'him down tor' a 'week's shoot, If ho. dovo'tos Ills tlmo to Joan It may destroy hor . 'Inclination for Avorimouth.' ' ' ' .' Tho plan soomod fonsl'blo, I prayed that Joan's .affections would bo devoted from tholr objootlonable object. 'Two days lator I rooel'vod n noto from ? Jaok saying that his friend ? hnd acceptod the Invitation, and was coming to-day. ; When I desoondod about luncheon time, Jock and his frlond were tho only ocou l-ants of tho drawing-room,' ; 'Lot. mo introduce you to my old frlond, Claud Blackwood,' said Jack. I gavo my hand mechanically. My though'ts woro concorned with Joan's future . . . Lator, I noticed that ho had flno oyes, and thero wns plonty of him, 'but all tho aomo I was disappointed. Perhaps I expdetod too much. Vory soon Lord Avonmouth and Joan iiti'ollnd In from the garden, and, after tho usual commonplaces, to wont Into lun choon. Daforo hnW- an-hour had pnsHod, I dlsoovored that Captain Dlackwood fascln ntdd mo, and to mioh an extent that I al most forgot my fears with regard to Joan. Sho, 'too, noomod lntores'tod. Her whlto mimlln dronn, decorated with n red roso at lior walflt, showed off to advantage, lior rich young boauty. 'After lunch, whllo Joan and I waited tho mou In tho rono-cardon, I was ytrangoly nl ]ont. 'I hnd only thought of Jack's frlond. Wlion tho raon had boon with us iiomo fow nvlnutofi, Jaclc manoeuvred ho that Cap italn IUaelrwood and Joan titrollod off to 'Innpont iionio ruins Jit tho further end of tho T)ni-lc. 'Woll tfontrlvod,' wlilfiperod Jack, an thor dlnnppcnrcd from our r.iRht. 'Woll contrived I' I ochocd, absently. Tho noxt. niornliiK wo anscmblod for a rliln provlounly nrrnngod. Jack nKaln maniifceil lilinlt Ottptnln Illackwood ftcnmnpankxl Joan. ThoiiR'h Uio knowludgn 'that ho loft my Hldo roluetiin'tly /tavo mo inlonno weorct 7)loan\iro, 'I found mysolf mirrondcrlng1 to a dnnlro 'for Inolatlon; and noon I was alono with itho Koftly whlapprliiR l.roos. ThQlr nartnomi had novor nocmod so n.ttuno(l to jny mood before. Tfomon' liooffi, n lumtlng of my linnrf. am! Jack's friend drew roln beside me. Tho whispering of tho trees was so beautiful. I wondorod I had not notlccd.it before. . Ho did not Bpoak. I sanimouod courugo 'to glanco at his face— only for u moment.. Ho was regarding mo wll'h Bun-puckered oyos. 'I had no idea you were so boautlful,' ?ho prcstfnxly aald. ' , Tho world seemed aglow wlthrapluro. 'I know such words sound iusultlng.' 'Why 1' I murmured. 'I don't know, myself. I hardly rtaro to know. I thought your sister, Joan, boauti 'ful, till 'I mot you.' '1 think we hnd hotter find tho others, I. want to sponk to. Jack.' 'Have I offended you ?' He novor know tho effort It cost mo to curb his ardour when ho remlndod me of ' my self-imposed duty to Joan. Ten minutes later Jaok was bosldo mo. 'Blackwood said you'wanted me.' 'I want. him to glvo all his tlmo to Joan. Havo you forgotten our compact ?' ?Ho was so confuuod thmt I said to him: 'What's tho mattor ?' Then as he did not answer, 'Surely you can toll mo,' I said. 'I love Joani havo -always loved hor, and you know It's hopeloss, hopeless, hopeloss!' I did not contradict him. A week passed, and Captain Blaokwood, happily, was still among us.. Our sohome, ns -far as Joan was'conccrnod, had ausworod admirably. .She had boon ao distant to Lord Avonmouth that that worthy had botakon hlmaelf to Paris. But I had saved Joan by compromising my life's. happiness. I will ? confess my secrot. I loved Captain Black wood, and I feared with a great fear tho day on which ho would take bla Imminent doparturo. Whilst ho was near, I could bo almoBt happy. ? But I knew tho blaoknoss that would suporvono when he had gone. 'A't inBt tho moment of tho dreaded day nrrlvod when wo wero to say good-bye. Ho stood before mo. I could not look at him. 'Ruth !' ? 'Good-byol' I almost whlsporod. 'Not good-byo. Novor good-byo,' 'Why?' I timidly whlsporod. '?I lovo you, I love you.' 'Thon, nftor a pruiBo, ' Havo you ijio word for mo ?' Duty to Joan alone ' restrained mo' from throwing my arms about his nock. 'Havo you no word for me 1' . ', I could not.apoak, I only shook my head. . When. I noxt hnd a. consciousness of things ho was gone.' . ' 'Where's Ruth ?' cried a volco. ? '.WJiero's Ruth ?.' It was Joan'R, I dried my eyes and aum monod the ghost of a smile. ' Horo sho la I' cried Jack's voloo. Thoy entered togothor. 'Why didn't you como with Via to fcho station ? Captain Blacftwood was In suoh a bad tamper, We left him boforo tho train' startod,' said Joan. 'A good Job too,' from Jack, ' Jaok,' from Joan. 'It la Joan and I nro ongagod. I should novor havo nsked if wo hadn't found our selves alono on the way — ' ? 'What?' I gasped. For answer Joan took Jack's hand In hern. 'What nliout Lord Avonmouth?' I aslcod whon a fow moments later Joan and I wore alono tORotlior. 'I hato .him. I always lovod Jack and I know ho lovod mo, but ho wouldn't speak. I protonded to caro for Lord A-vomnoiith mi Jaok was Kolnp away mid— wiiat Is tho mattor, 'Uutli?' .1 had no tlmo and lenn Inclination to ox pT.iln. I seized a hat and hurried towards the ntatlon. Half-way (hero I pnusiprt for breath. Tho wnrnlnp; whlstlo of a train doomed to Htn.li my lionrt. 'Oomo back, come back, my love,' I crkMl. For aiuswor. n cloud ot- wlilio nmoko that told mo of tho doparturo of tho man I lovod. All tho namo T proimcd on, Arrived at t'lio flt'atlon I nlmont foil Into tho armii ol tho ntatlon marftor, a worthy ivho prldnd liim'nnjf on tho flowora that iiocorfttod liln utn;tlon. . 'Wliat'n 'happnnnd, nilnn ?' , 'I wnnt a gentleman, but ho'B gone.' ' 'Thero'fl a lunatic herd, If that's him, miss.' 'My attontlon was drawn to \\\ knot of offi cials who were watching a tall, woll-'built man who -was viciously striking the heads 'from- the flowers with a. walking oano. , 'A lunatic !' I gasped. ? ., ? 'Well, mlaa, -ho drove, for. a certain traln; ? but didn't go by It. -Evor slnco.'he'B 'boon., spoiling my flowers, and he lookod so wxs wao none of us liked to Interfere.' ! At that moment tho lunatic caught my i eyes. \- He approached. It was the man I lovod. 'You I' 'Yes, dcdr.' Our eyes said all that was loft unspokon, — London 'M.A.P.' 