The Dead Duke. Tho Duke of Edinburgh, of unhappy memory, died thiB wook, Wherever |jio wont ho lofb an unwholesome reputation, HIb visit to Australia was one of tho greatest ourBOH that over foil on this country. Fired at by tho maniac O'Farroll, tho flood gates of rallgloiiB and racial bigotry woro oponod agnlnst) Catholics, and a period of poi'soou. Mon followed thab has no parallel iu a British community during tho past half century, Ib waa not unlike tho fury of tho Chinese Boxer aavagos, Ib has made the memory of Sir Henry Parkes infamous, and there were other political rascals at the time who are'* now dead and forgotten. Like the Breelong murderers, they outraged justice and attempted to be smirch the fair name of their Catholic fel low citizens; they enjoyed notoriety and power for the time being, and then disap peared. Like noxious subjects all are united in cloaking their memory. People still in our midst who were in any way con nected with theO'Farrell persecution and the Kiama ghost desire that those days in their lives shall not be remembered. The Btory should be a warning for the future ; ib should be a warning to public men to avoid Orange rascality, and to all our citizens not »? to be too ready to attack their Irish follow- citizens. It might have suited Sir Henry Parkes at the time, he gained a temporary political ad vantage j it might, for the same purpose, have suited Sir James Martin to bask in the shameful garments of the renegade. But the price they paid was, after all, too great. To-day an outbreak of the kind would not pay auyone. There is much to bo lost and nothing to be gained politically or com meroially now by raising the sectarian and racial cry against the Irish. Tho Catholic schools and colloges have not been estab lished in vain. The Irish' Catholic people are well educated, generally independent, and numerically powerful. They have sur vived all abuses aud injustices. The State School system that was intended to deprive them of their faith has only strengthened them, and their philantrophy and energy have not been all abaorbed in the Catholic schools and colleges, which are flourishing alongside the State eohools in the oities and in the oountry. Their hospitals and other oharibablo institutions, open to all denomi nations, have won the admiration of all classes. A people capable of such works have nothing to fear. But to return to the Duke. Sir Henry Parkes sent to Thomas Oarl.yle the papers containing his attacks on the Iriah and the full story of tho event at Olontarf. Oarlyle's lettei, in reply, has never been published, but Mr.'' Wise and other friends of Sir Henry could tell you what iboontains. Carlyle expressed in mosbwither ing ttrms his contempt for the Duke, and did not conceal his want of sympathy with Parkes. Some few years ago Edinburgh ceased to be a British subjeot, but resided periodically in England in order to retain an annuity of £10,000 for the Imperial tax payers. Up to 1893 the taxpayers had bo pay him annually £25,000. We hope England and Australia will never look upon his like again. 