THE MESMERISTS CHIME, Jtf ? ? ? - ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ~ , ~ — . ? . ^DBLteeto Br tifetiUL AMtASBBMBNlL TRjj IS* Sff» Ifiouyeojtj Jkv&to; of ' The Guat Porter Square Hyateiy,' 'Grif,' 'lie Sscred Nuwet,' ** Miriam Rozell*,' 'A Wsir JeweM,' 'The Golden TjSn^-i : The Betrayal of Jekn Ferdham,' to., fc0~ \- OOPTBIOHT. CHAPTER X. — ( Continued .) Itwas during one of hie later viaita to Paris that lie met the yonng lady who bwwmft bis second wife. The passions and inclinations of men are matters of impulse and inberitaUoei and thongh they may be controlled they cannot be 'destroyed. The moment . Bernard Maubray saw Gabrielle a eew flower of love took root in his heart, and Iher image accompanied him when he went Ifirom ier presence. She wfe* vsry little oldfer Ithan 3ns cUKghter Valerie, and it nygfo teve been' rl1ianght that the diepaiit^ in 'their ;&es; would have held Mm Aaek. But strong-minded as he was, ' 'the charm had fallen and he could mot resist it. If occasionally the donbt in itroded itself that tbe union of a lady with a iman old enough to be her father was unwise, at was instantly dismissed. In the lives of «noet men there are overwhelming tides which .carry them onward despite themselves. That Bernard Maubray loved Gabrielle {passionately in no way lessened his love for Valerie ; it helped, indeed, to strengthen it, inasmuch as it opened the door to a closer iand more constant oompanionship with his dear child. It would also impart new sweet ness to Gabrielie's . union with him, for Bhe_ would have a companion of her own age' ?always by her side. He encouraged every Argument favourable to the consummation of Ibis ardent wishes* and dismissed every argu ment which hade him reflect before he took tin final step. Ill ere were peculiar circumstances which Iknrried him an. Gabrielie's father was so ?ntangled in pecuniary difficulties that ruin ?tared him in the faoe. Not only ruin but dishonour ; for in his frantic efforts to release himself from disaster he had in an incautious moment stepped aside from the path of rectitude. Exposure meant dishonour, dis honour meant death. When Bernard Maubray appeared upon the soene all this was known M Gabrielle, in whom her father, weak and jvCcatof purpose, had confided, and her soul tu filled With horror at the threatened tragedy. Bernard Maubray was the one nan who could avert this tragedy, who could preserve her.father's honour, and in a moment of despair she consented to be his wife. No shadow of this despair was visible to Maubray. He loved, and was blind. The sadness of her face was accounted for by the aloud which hung over her father's honoured came, the' cloud which it was his good fortune to remove. To this cause, also, he attributed her wandering glances and the nervous eldsping of her hands when he pressed iiiS suit. In a certain sense her sadness im parted a spiritual dement to her beauty, and, given that her heart was at rest, all else was well. But her heart was not at rest.. She oon cented to marry Bernard Maubray, but she did not love him. Had she made this clear to ' he would have instantly released her, but ?he kept her secret, close— the secret ir^ich lonly one man oould nave auspeoted, and that man one of the base creatures of the earth whose career was itreWta with perjured vows and blighted hopes, with shame and despair, and sometimes death. Even as it was die would sot have acoepted Beraard^fanhrar had she not had a firm conviction that her days were numbered, and that she would soon go down to the grave with her seoret un revealed. By 'her act she released her father from impend ing dishonour ; by nature's decree she would be saved from a woman's deepest shame. So they were married in Paris, and in the church in . whioh the ceremony took plaoe lurked the villain who had betrayed her. He kept so far bade in the gloom of unillbmined pillars that he did not see thte faces of bride and bridegroom ; he heard the sound of mur muring voioss, .and, the ceremony over, he slunk away, twirling -his ifepmstophelian moustache with an air of satisfaction. - It was an obstacle removed, and he was contented. ' By ay faith,1' he murmured, with a smile, 'I have bad my pastime, and Gabrielle is ?ettled in lif e. Farewell, my sweet Gabrielle.' But if it contributed to his satisfaction to think that the, .consequences of his base act were for ever removed, and that they would play no part in his future, he oould have paid no regard to that dread Fate whioh weaves its threads in silence and darkness, aud over turns the grandest as well as the meanest of mortal sohemes at the moment of fruition. We build our castles aud dream our dreams, heedless of the unseen shadow which waits upon onr actions, and lo ! when the edifice is crowned and the dream is dreamed, a thunder oloud bursts , and lays waste the work of the lest years pf our life. Back in his house, with his bride and bis daughter by his side, Bernard Maubray sent forth a work' whioh set the seal upon his renown as one of the world's great painters. Three of his happiest months went by, and then the olouds became overcast. Gabrielle aeemed to be inning away. Always quiet «ud reserved, she grew even Fonder of silence^ and solitude. With love's solicitude he observed bow thin snd white she was, how th6 least sound struck terror to her heart, how when she was in thought andha'^poke to her die started as though to Wanl bS 'a blow. He questioned Valerie privately. ' Had Gabrielle complained f ' No, answered Valerie, 'she. never complains.' 'But she suffers?'' ?'Yes. die suffers.' 'Hay; you tried to asoertoin the cause?' 'Ye*,- but shb -insists that she is -qoite well.' ' Is -the| house tbb . quiet for her. -Does she wish for company H' *' No, she dreada jt.' And Yelerie drtew his attention to the circumBtanbes 4hat when visitors came, 'or stranger*' ware announced^ bar one derate was to avoid them. Indeed, . at this time, unknown- to* the^ father and daughter, Gabrielle was attempting flight to ?oine spot -where the was unknoirn,' and where she oouldfemain hidden from th$ sight ?f all who knfew her. He questioned Gabrielle also, and was distressed by the nervousness \- and fear aim exhibited when they were alone together. '* Do X frighteti you, Gabrielle F'' he asked ... tenderly. *' No, no,' she replied, ? ' why should I be frightened when you apeak to mo?' But even as she answered she shrunk 'from him and could not look him in the face. ** If you have any grief, confide in me.' ' Yes, I wif was never strong, you know.' . *'We will you strong,''' he said, driving to speak cheerfully. ' You are vezy good to me — too good, too good!' . She was on the verge ot tears, and be fore bore to question her farther. All that' lore ?bold do was done — without avail. Her peace tf mind aeemed to he destroyed. \- Bernard Hatabroy'a most intimate friend was Dr. Weber, a physician of great slrill and asperieoee, and from this friend hb aonght . advice. . Dr. Weber aooompmied.the artist bome, and gve a gentle hint to Gabrielle of tbe object of his utacpeoted visit. 'My- husband is\nistakec,' she said, but ?till with that strange air of fear about her. ,-**I am quite weiL It is only a little weak Ma, thatwiH pass off. - 1 am glad to aee yoa, Dr. Weber. «?? friend. Idonotre aMffiad aavioa.' [ Bravely at she spoke she could not com ™and her voice ; her eyes filled with tear?, j Teart came easily now. 'Well, well, madame,*' said Dr. Weber, 'behold me as a friend, not a physician.' During the ensuing fortnight he paid eeveral visits to Crow's N eat., and making quiet observance of Gabrielle arrived at a conclusion. ' She must have change of air and change of scene.' he said to Maubray. 'Of the two I believe the latter is the more important. She has something on her mind .over which she is brooding, and the quiet routine of her life may be injurious. Map out a three months' tour, and do not stop three days in one place. Take her to theatres where light pieces and light music are being played. A little frivolity will do nobarm,' When the project was unfolded to Gabrielle ehe assented to it gladly, even eagerly. It was as if a weight were lifted from her soul — from Manbray's also. His heart grew light at the relief expressed in her countenance. He showed her the plan of the tour he had mapped out,, and spoke of the pleasure in store for them. ' We will start to-morrow,' he said. '.We!' she cried, and the light died out of her face. ' You, I, and Valerie,' he said, wondering at this change in her. ' No, no, she exclaimed hysterically. ' I must go alone— alone.' ' My dearest Gabrielle ? ' But die would not listen. With a scared look around, panting and weeping, she cried again, 'I must go alone — alone.' So great was the violence of her paseion that he ceased to expostulate with her, He would not, however, consent to her going without a companion, and after much urging ana pleading a compromise was agreed upon, Valerie was to accompany her, and Maubray was to remain at home. As, in accordance with Dr. Weber's advice, the ladies were to stop no longer than three days in one place, it was arranged that Maubray should address his letters to the paste reiiante in the next town or oity to which they were bound. 'You will write regularly,' he said to Gabrielle. 'Don't cflfc me to promise,' Bhe Baid. 'The moment I sit down to write a letter my head begins to acho.' .. But Valerie promised to write two or three mea a week, and with that he was fain to be content. So the adieux were spoken, and they rode away. Valerie in her letters spoke more of Gabrielle than of herself. 'Now the invalid was a little better, now she was not quite so well, now she said she was feeling a little stronger. Time and time again did Maubray express his earnest desire to join them, if only for a week or u few days, but Gabrielle would not hear of it, and somewhat to his surprise he waa .dissuaded also by Valerie, who before their departure was very .anxious that he should accompany them. Condemned to seclusion he' .-took mental refuge in work, and spent most of his time in the Kuined Tower, where he painted from memory a marvellous portrait of his wife, absence from whom intensified the love he bore for her. He wrote long letters to the absent ones, and to Gabrielle he poured forth his soul, writing as a young man might have done under the influence of the first divine dream of love. If sometimes in Valerie's letters there was a forced gaiety, he did not detect it, having an eye only to the brighter issues of this enforoed separation from those he held most dear. . ThuB month' after month went by until four had passed, and then the thunderbolt fell. One morning, without any intimation that he was coming,' Dr. Weber ascended the steps of the Ruined To— pr. and stood in the presence of his friend CHAPTER XL Bernard. Maubray was putting tbe finish' ing touches to the portrait of his wife, upon which until this day no eve had fallen but his own. With mingled admiration and distress Dr. Weber gazed upon the beautiful w»rk. 'It lives, Weber,' cried the artist, en- thusiastically; 'it almost breathes. What say you?' 'It is wonderful 1' replied Dr. Weber, oppressed by the mournful news he was intrusted to communioate. The sad note in the doctor's voioe drew Manbray's attention to him; but he turned the next moment to the engrossing creation of hit loving fancy. - ~ ' I did not wish you to see it,' he con tinned, ' until it was' oompleted. It has been my . principal occupation these last two months, and even now I am scarcely satisfied ; it is hardly worthy of the original, but who could hope to fix upon canvas a face and form so perfect ? It is my gift to her upon her return , when she lows upon it die will know that she has lived' in my heart. Valerie's letters lead me to expeot that I shall not have long to wait for our happy reunion.' 'I have heard from her,' said Dr. Weber. 'From Gabrielle?' ' No, from Valerie.' Again the sadness of his voice attracted the notioe of the artist, and now he gazed upon his friend more attentively.'' *- I am guilty of great selfishness,' he said, Jawing his hand kindly upon his' friend's shoulder. 'It is the curse of onr -nature, jpprgite my apparent indiflerenoe. You are In trouble. Yes, I am in trouble ; but not alone for myself, Maubray. There are sorrows -whioh aneet ns deeply through sympathy with those we love.' . Manbray's faoe grew pale as he.lsld aside his palette and brushes. ' You bavereoei ved a letter-from Valerie, ^oes this sorrow t^ubh me?' . ' It touches you, dear /jjnad.' : ?' Valerie ? - .is ill,'. . cried. Maubray. 'Then I must go to her. I. was too weak and irresolute ; they should not. -have gone without me. X must go to. them at once — at once!' - * ' Valerie is well,' said Dr. Weber, and his voioe grow move .grave. 'Good God! . It is Gabrielle ! Tell me quickly — quickly ! Why did not Valerie write to met* Speak, man, speak ! There ia something in yoUr!faoc- ? ' ' 'Sdmmoh all your fortitude, dear friend. Valerie did not write to you' direot because she feared the shook.' 'The shock! ' exclaimed Maubray, a vague terror stealingupon him. ' She is ou her 'way home : die will soon be here.' ? ' With Gabrielle — oh, . thank God ?! Gabrielle is ill, but we will nurse her into health. My care, your skill ? ' His, agitation overpowered him, and he ooidd-iotproqeed. ^ ' Valerie oomee alone,' said £)r. Weber, solemnly. ' Alone I * ' ' Dear friend, there are griefs which need ?11 our strength to bear. They oome to all ?MB* it Is the human lot. Butinthe midst «f*rar anguish wB must notiie rsgardtiMet those who are still left to us, and whom Jov* 'will help to isofteh even the bitterest stie&M; of destiny. The Bense of dvty remains;. faith remains ; and Time, the healer, will mitigkta our Bufferings.' ' Gabrielle is dead ! ' said Maubray in % muffled -tone, aad turned his faoe to the wall. . ?' Alss! ' In that one word tbe revelation was clearly made. For manv minutes neither spoke ; ihen Dr. .Weber said, 'Valerie asked me to tmiak the sad news; she enclosed a letter for yon.' 'Leave me, Webetv said the .. bereaved man. ' Do not qpeak, I cannot bearit. She is gone! Gone ! He sank into a chair, and oovered his face with his hands. A black desolation fell upon him ; joy died out of the world/; nMhing but pain and sorrow remained. . The image of Gabrielle presented itself to him, as he first saw her in Paris whan love touched his heart ; as he last , saw her when die departed with Valerie. Had he but known— had he but known ! The imaee dowlv faded, and tha world was dead. He did not weep ; the blow was too crushing for tbe relief of tears. Dr. Weber placed Valerie's letter on the table, and softly left the room. It was a full hour before he stirred from his recumbent attitude, and when he raised bis hend his eyes rested upon the portrait of Gabrielle. He had depicted her with a smile upon her face, apd her lips seemed to be opening in the u act of speaking. Was it possible that this dumb canvas should live and she be dead t --'No, it was not possible ; some deceit had been practised upon him. But Valerie's letter dispelled this delusion ; the words ew'am in.his sight, but reached his sense. ' She died in peace. Dear father, be comfort ed.' . A smile, bitter in its rebellion against the inevitable, came from his lips. ' Be comforted ! ' What oould comfort a man living in a dead world ! This was a great tragedy in Bernard Man bray's life, but in the heart of this tragedy was a secret, mercifully hidden from him by Valerie, the knowledge of which wonld have overwhelmed him with a deeper despair and a deathless horror ; a secret which would have shaken to its foundations his belief in human and Divine goodness. Mercifully spared in deed, though his angniBh was sufficiently poignant without that bitter knowledge which lay hidden in his daughter's breast. So overwhelming was the desolation of his soul that the presence of his dear child brought no comfort ; that the presence of MadameHart inaun, who came from Paris to console him, brought no comfort ; that seeing them day by day, with the consciousness that they were watching his misery with sympathetic eres, animated only with the loving desire to find a way to mitigate it, was an added torture to him. ' What can we do for you, dear Bernard f' said Madame Hartxnann. 'Leave me to myself,' he replied. ' Nothing will help me bjufc solitnde. I must be alone to wrestle with my grief.' So it fell out — for. their pleadings were ' useless — that Valerie was once more banished from his home, and returned to Paris with her aunt. ' You are not angry with me, father f' she p.sked him on the day of her departure. ' Angry with yon, my child ? No— no !' 'You will send for me ! You will, let me come home again !' ' ' When I am at peace, Valerie, when I suffer less, I will send for you.' Ah,, the pity in'her face— the tender com passion with which she embraced the father she loved and honoured ! Was it treachery that she should keep her secret close, the secret that brought hot blushes to her cheeks, hot tears to her eves,' in the solemn watches of the night ? No, it' was thetruest mercy. It lay in its grave at peace, but no grave ho deep as to help her- to forget. To the last hour of her life its memory would remain. For two years Bernard Maubray kept him-' self secluded in Crow's Nest, admitting no friend or acquaintance with the single ex ception of Dr^- Weber, and he oame uninvited. Upon the first ^occasion, indeed, -Dr. Weber forced himself upon his friend, alarmed by the reports which reached him of the state of Manbray's health. 'It is useless to expostulate,' said the doctor ; ' I am here, and here I intend to remain. Fuen-is are scarce, and I do not intend to lose mine if my poor skill can save him. You arc not over-pleased to see me. Very good — or rather, very bad. Neither am I over-pleased to see you in the state you are. My dear Maubray — my dear Maubray ! ' ? The underlying* affection in this little speech brought a faint responsive smile to Maubray'i lips. ' I am glad to sea you, Weber,' he said. ' Forgive the coldness of my welcome.' ' I will forgive everything when I see ths Maubray of old before me. Not this Maubray that I Bee now— why, my dear friend, yoa are like a ghost ! ' Now let us be practical. What is the matter with you ?' I ' I cannot sleep.' ' For how long has this been so ?' ' Many months.' * ' I am going to examine you. No protests 1 I know my business, and you know vours. No denying that; and no denying either that to waste a talent — a God-given talent — is a heinous sin. How many pictures have you painted this last year j'' 'Not one.' 'Then you have long arrears to pull up. You shall paint my portrait, so that a fitting presentment of myBeif may go down to an ungrateful posterity.' 'I cannot do it.' 'You shall do it. It is the only favour I haVA Ain»r nillrAi? nf v/in T will denied. I will give you the .first sitting to-morrow. Hemeinber, I am yourphyeician. ' I cannot put brush to'canvas till I get some deep.' 'I will ensure you deep; the lonely life you are leading is sufficient to destroy yonr nerves and your brain. When did you hear from Valerie last ?' 'Yesterday.' 'Is she well?' 'She says so.' ' When did you write to her last?' ' A fortnight ago.V There was reproach; in the glanoe Dr. Weber cast upon Mnabray, and he felt it. Life was beginning to, stir withig him ; the friendly, imbeijuusuess, tbe healthy boister ousneiss' of Chia, doctor were telling upon the naturally healjiiy prgaiiisation of the artist. ' It is'not like you, Maubray, to neglect so sweet a girlias '^alerie— ^our only child, who' loves youdevitedty.' ? ' Do X neglect her?' 'Would you ask that question a second time, Maubray?' ' Np. Yon are right in much that you £ay, in much that you imply. But you see, I am worn out. The curse of' sleeplessness un balances me.' Alth&iigh; Dr. Weber did not approve of opiatfyhe recognised the necessity of them in this tiaBe. But he found that ordinary Remedies. were powerless to produce the need ful repose, and-? he was compelled to have recourse to a . deadly drug of his own pre paring, whioh had tiie desired effect. In a few days'Manbray's eye was brighter, his skin was regaining . its natnral odour. The drug Dr. Weber administered was a diBsolv able powder, and inne of its virtues was that itwaS tasteless and .colourless,' and that it imparted no flavour £o the liquid in which it was dissolved. ' Thus a person taking it unaware would not suspect its presence, and this peculiarity rendered it dangerous. So ' great was the benefit -Maubray derived from it that he insisted Upon being supplied with several ''.doses for use, if needed, at some future time when the doctor's personal .ser- - vices might -not be. -available. Complying with this reqnest, Dr. Weber was -careful to explain the danger that lay in taking a larger dose ♦Km he had prescribed.; Tto n oojramraii.'l MC- f 