[?] By Degree of the Seven, BY EDMUND MITCHELL. Author of "The Temple of Death," "To- wards the Eternal Snows," "The Legacy of Jean Baptiste," &c.; COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XX.— SLEEPER AND WATCHER. After Hamilton had posted bis letter to Cariotta, lie proceeded to the common sit ting room of the inn, where he found Cara- dini simring at the piano. In a few minutes the musician left the instrument, aim tne young men engaged in conversation, that eventually became prolonged till close upon midnight! Carndini was talkative, and he drifted into giving his views upon women, with a frank cynicism that fairly appalled his listener. Marriage was the ghastliest sham ot an effete social system; love was only passion, in the lowest sense of the word; aud when passion died the man and the woman should be free to go their separate ways. "And the children of such marriages ' Hamilton ventured to suggest iu a tone of quorv. ,, "Children are the property of the State, replied the Socialist. "Let the common wealth attend to their upbringing, and give to each just the same start in life. That is fair. The present system, where the rich man's son has every advantage, is rotten to the cote." "And the love of parent for child, and child for parent ? Is there not as much true aficction and pure joy resulting therefrom, in the poor man's cottage as in the palace of the king?" "Bali! Bastard sentinientalism that is made to excuse a million wrongs." The man spoke obviously from" conviction. Was he the type of a class, Hamilton re flected, which really existed, about which lie had often read but into contact with which he hid never yet come in actual life? Were these foul-hearted doctrines the ultimate teaching of Anarchy — womanhood degraded, parentage brutalised, every better sentiment in humanity trampled under foot? If he had formerly detested the creed, mainly perhaps bqcause of its cruel and cowardly methods, l.e'tunied from it with positive loathing now thai lie had an insight into its real doctrines and Choir corrupting effects upon the human mindl The man before him, well nigh per fect' in physique, was none the -less a 111011- ster-s-a wretched creature afflicted with ob liquity of moral vision that amounted to mdiital deformity. The moral lejier thus exhibited in all his nakedness was even a more revolting object than the physical vic tim of the foul disease. 'Hamilton could stand no more of such conversation that night, and went to bed. To-morrow, 'lie vowed, he would know the truth about Curadini, and have done with tlm fellow so far as he himself was directly concerned. Those surgeons of criminality, the police, were the proper men to have the handling of such a case. Early in the morning lie was astir, and went for a walk, following the high, road in the direction of Staines. He passed several waggons on 'their way to Vanstone Hall, laden with what lie could Bee were the heavy iron wrought railings for the mauso leum enclosure, which had evidently come down by rail during the night. Quite a number of workmen were also in evidence, some trudging along beside the drays on which tlicy had thrown their bags of tools, others sauntering by themselves towards the scene of operations. When, a couple of hours later, Hamilton got back to the inn lie found a portal packet awaiiting him. This he opened in the privacy of his bedroom. Then, as on 1 the duy before, he breakfasted alone, Cura dini having already taken his departure for the Hall. On t'lic sidebpard of the room was a half finished flask of Chianti, left there by the sculptor evidently to be packed into his luncheon basket. Hamil ton, having verified this point by a ques tion addressed to the table maid, seized the opportunity of the girl's absence from the apartment to empty info the wine the con tents of a small phial which lie drew from his waistcoat pocket. But he did not care now to trust the flask out of his sight; so, oil the plea that lie had letters to write, lie remained in the room after the breakfast things had been cleared away. About 11 o'clock the waitress returned, basket in hand, to complete their packing by placing in the one intended for Caradini the par tially consumed flask of wine. When the boy entered a few minutes later with the bundle of rugs, Hamilton hud put on his "overcoat and had a notebook in his hand, ready to take the road. So, quite naturally, he strolled off in company with the lad, en gaging him in casual conversation by the way. . Coming in sight of the mausoleum, ho found more than a score of workmen busy fixing the railings, which were now stacked at intervals ready to be placed in position. Although the scene here was animated enough, the building itself, nearly 50 yards distant from each side of the encompassing quadrangle, appeared, as before, to be quite deserted. Hamilton, however, as ho ap proached, heard the "tap, tap" of Caradini's mallet. The sculptor was nlone in the doomed chamber; he inadeno comment on the late arrival of his fellow worker, but, I as on the previous day, simply exchanged a I v morning greeting without interrupting iiis task. So Hamilton went direct to business, turning his attention this time to the tomb stone of Admiral Vanstone, one of the sea cubs of the immortal Drake. Perhaps half an hour had elapsed," when Clonel Pallett came in to pay his morning vis-it of inspection. On this occasion he was accompanied by a man who, from his dress and appearance, Hamilton guessed to belong to the superior class of mechanics; in fact, he rather fancied he had met him on the road that morning in charge of the laden waggons. In this view he was con firmed; for the colonel, after a tew casual avoids of conversation, turned to the stranger with the remark: "Would you like to see how the mechan ism works, Mr. Somers?" "1 should, indeed, sir." "Well, I'll show you. Gome this way, Mr. Middle/on. This may interest you, also." Caradini, in answer to a gesture which show ed that lie likewise was included in the in vitation, jumped from the scaffolding and joined the group in the centre of the floor space, where Colonel Pallett now stood. Beneath his feet was the heavy slab of polished grey granite, fitted with four rings of brass, which Hamilton had previously noticed. "These rings," explained the colonel, "are, of course, only provided iu case by any chance the mechanism should go wrong. But a child can raise that stone, although it weighs, perhaps, half a ton or more. See here." He lilted at a little distance, by means of a small ring, one of the marble tiles of the floor about a foot square. Be neath were to be seen two or three brass levers. One of tliese lie touched, and in stantly the great slab commenced to rise slowly from its socket of hammered bronze. "Electric?" asked the mechanic, tersely. "Yes, the current is laid on from the Hall, where we have just completed a splendid in stallation." At the height of 3 feet or so tlie upward niovenient.of the stone ceased. "This forms - the resting 'place for. the cofiiii," continued the colonel, : "until the final c-orembnies are completed. -Now watch," and lie touched a second lever. The stone slab descended — down, down, through the floor, leaving a black chasm iii the place that it usually occupied. "Now," said Colonel Pallett, "we shall light up the catacombs. You see everything is complete." Saying which, he touched ii sxvilch amidst the nest of levers, and seve ral tiny globes of light, instantly became visible in the dark chamber beneath then- feet. "We won't descend, however," he added, "for his lordship lias given most positive instructions on this point. Now the works are completed, the resting place of the Vunstoncs is never to be disturbed ex cept when one of the family goes to join his ancestors in their last long sleep." lie spoke solemnly and 'reverently, and indeed a sort of eerie feeling seemed for the moment to have fallen upon each member of the little group. Hamilton was glad when, at a touch by the colonel on one of the levers, the slab of granite rose again,. and slowly, almost noiselessly, eame to its proper place, closing from view the yawning cavern. Colonel Pallett finally moved back the switch that had supplied the light, and re placed the marble tile which, except for its tiny and unobstrusive ring, was uudis- tingnisliable from the rest of the tesselatcd pavement. A few minutes later, lie left the mausoleum with the mechanic, to whom he wad evidently showing the sights of the hull. Noon was chiming from the village church spire, and Hamilton could see through the I open doorway the whole body of workmen outside knocking off for their midday meal, putting on coats, and hurrying away in the direction of 'the stables, where doubtless pro vision had been made for their mess. Cara dini and be would certainly he alone now for an hour— free almost from the possibili ty of interruption. The doctor, in view of coining events, was inclined to be grave and silent. But Cara dini appeared in boisterous spirits. The gruesome glimpse into the vaults beneath seemed to have positively exhilarated him. "By Jupiter," lie exclaimed, after pour ing out and drinking a tumbler of the Chianti, ami while engaged iu unfastening the string round a packet of sandwiches, "what would not the old mediaeval fellows of the Inquisition have given to have known the tricks of electricity! Just picture the scene at the consignment of a criminal con demned to he buried alive in a vault like that — the Grand Inquisitor and all his satel lites in their robes of state standing around the table of stone; the masked myrmidons of the Iloly office ready to perform the final rights of sepulture; tlie doomed man, with limbs previously broken on tlm torture wheel, lying waiting to descend into his liv ing tomb; by liis side a jug of water and a single loaf of bread. Then, in dead silence, only a button touched, down go the bier and its burden; and a minute later the execut ioners reappear alone, the grave is sealed, and everyone hastens off to dine or to try the next victim."' Caradini laughed loud and long, the x'nultcd roof re-echoing witii the sounds of his hilarity. Hamilton's heart felt chilled within him — chilled at the horror of the scene so facilcly and graphically puinted, and chilled at the Bight of the man finding in Bucii thoughts a Biibject for merriment. "Here's to the dear old Inquisition," cried Caradini, as -he quaffed a second glass of wine. The doctor watched liita with quiet, ob- servant eve. Would the drug do its work? Caradini proceeded to spread his rugs, and arrange bis pillow. But a thought seemed to strike him. "Til have another look at that place," he exclaimed. "Hang me if I don't." "I rather think, Colonel Pallett will not like your interfering," Hamilton ventured to suggest by way of remonstrance, for lie was now anxious that the siesta should not be longer delayed. "Oh, bother that old fool of a colonel. Be sides, lie won't trouble us again to-day, that's certain. So, here goes." Advancing to the centre of the chamber, lie raised tlie marble tile, touched one of the levers, and the stone that sealed the vaults beneath began to slowly rise. As he stood watching, Caradini yawned and stretched his arms in drowsy fashion. "There, that will do for the present," he said. "After my siesta I shall descend, and interview the ghosts of the Yanstones." "You will certainly get into serious trou ble, if you are found out." "Bali! trouble! Who cares? The noble Yanstones, forsooth. This mummery of re verence for dead c-lay, 'that has no more title to respect than the carcase of a mon grel eur, sickens me. Sometimes when I am engaged on a memorial like this I feel in clined to clip off the noses of every cherub, and turn the whole place into the ridicule it deserves.". "But you do the work all tlie same," said Hamilton, drily. . "Yes," replied the sculptor, with a cyni cal smile, as lie finally settled his couch to his satisfaction. "Unfortunately, in these degenerate days, if a man is to enjoy life at all, lie must earn money as best he can." And as he stretched himself out at full length he yawned again. "Confound it, I feel sleepy to-day." But lie rolled a- cigarette and commenced to smoke, lazily and in silence. Yes, the eye lids, heavy with approaching slumber, drooped. But the man roused himself, and changed his position. He Emoked on; he rolled another cigarette. Then the eyelids drooped again, and remained for a second closed. But they were once more lifted, although this time with an obvious effort. Caradini was still awake. "Would- you mind passing me my tum bler, Mr. Middleton?" he asked drowsily. . The doctor complied, gravely filling the glass again, and emptying tlie flask in so doing. Caradini drank about half the con tents of the tumbler, and left the unfinish ed xvine by his side. Hamilton had, unno ticed, slipped his watch on to the. table before him. ; Caradini's eyelids drooped once more. Fifteen seconds passed; then they; fell again. Next an interval of only nine sec onds. Then three times in quick succes sion the eyes- were momentarily. closed. At last the lids remained shut,- the long: black lashes. resting upon the nut-brown checks. The man slept. For five minutes by the watch ithe doctor remained/silent and observant. Then lie arose. -:.He shook- the. sleeper by the arm gently/, . ,- .' "Caradini;" : lie called: out, in a low, eager tone. ... " There was no response. The slumber was profound. . "Caradini.". . - The . call was more loudly spoken. But the sleeper gave no sign of awaking. "That is all right," murmured the doctor, with an air of satisfaction and determina tion. Then he drew ffrom his pocket a small blue colored bottle. He sprinkled some of the Contents on to a silk handkerchief, and the subtle odor of chloroform began to permeate the atmosphere. lie held the handkerchief near to Caradini's face, with out actually touching it. The respirations of tlie sleeping man at once became deeper and fuller; lie sighed once, twice. Hamil ton shook more chloroform on to the hand kerchief, and now he pressed it close over the mouth and nostrils of the sleeper. Cara dini inhaled the fumes with quick short gasps. The sound of his breathing grew heavier and heavier. At last the doctor withdrew the handker chief. With rapid movements he touched for a moment the pulse of the chloro formed man, and then lie raised an eyelid between forefinger and thumb, pressing lightly on 'tlie eyeball. There was not the slightest evidence of sensation. The sleeper was unconscious — dead to his surroundings, a passive log in tlie hands of the man who had first drugged him with just sufficient of the narcotic to permit of his being re duced by the anaesthetic to a complete state of stupefaction and helplessness. Willi the swift precision of the skilled surgeon lluinilton next drew up the left coat sleeve of the sleeper, slipped out one of the studs of the double gold link, and rolled away the clinging undervest of silk beneath. On the forearm of the sleeping man was emblazoned in vermilion. — "My Clod! Henri Poiteau!" exclaimed the doctor in a low voice, tremulous from emotion. But lie did not raise his eyes. Rapidly and deftly, he readjusted vest, stud and coat sleeve. Then he staggered to his feet, taking Iho tumbler in his hand in tlie very act of ris ing. And he flung the remainder of the drugged liquor out through the doorway— right into a white face that was looking in upon him from the sunshine— tlie face of a young workman to all appearance, but iio'ie the less, as Hamilton knew the instant his cj es rested upon it — the face of the angel. (To be Continued.) 