A POEM— AND A PBOTEST. (To the Editor of the "Australian Stur.") Sir, — Let ma begin with I ho grotcBt, A lady who is a very great friend of mine, in the ordinary course of things, azid whom I shall designate by the lnltiais Is bitterly opposed to ray views with regard to the Transvaal War. I never liked the war. I hated tho War. But, somehow, they did, not seem to value my opinions in the British WU-r Office. Mr. Cham berlain has also been strangely silent upqn t|ie same subject. Amd, what is a stranger thing than all, Dr. Leyds, the Boer Plenipoten tiary to all the Powers, who 1s said to spend sacks of niohey per week In bribing writers fo; the press all over the world, has never even offered the the price of a bag of potatdes for my services. There is some mystery about this. I have a strong suspicion that the mo ney was sent— probably 09 much ns eight-shil lings — and wao commimdcercd by the G.F.O. people, acting under the orders of Premier Lyne. I would like to know what has been done wltli that wealth, I have no objection to Its use for electioneering purposes, but I strongly object to Its being used in fitting out another contingent. Yet, as my friend, Mr. Augustine Blrroll, M.P., Bays, the Empire will march 011 when all ot us arc ghosts. There fore, let "H.J3." slngiabout the Bushmen: — " N The foe3 of Mother England- Were snarling in a ring; The bow of Fate was bended, The arrow- on the string— Then'came a sudden trumpet-pealj . A flash of eyes, .a flash of steel . . r- Her sons had come to share her fate, Arid rta.nd beside her in the gate: ,... Chorus. ' O/rlng it from the steeples! And heal it from the tdiv'rs! Australian blood Is British blood— And Britain's foes are ours. ' > Tlie Bush that lay for ages in slumber, lone ahd deep, She heard the trump of battle, . Arid woke from her long Bleep. ... ?he sent her sons, so lithe and- tahned, !5o keen of eye, so strong of hdhd- Across tlie salt dividing seas; > Arid all the words she said were these:— "When Death is near, and Hope afar, Remember, lade; whose son3 you are.',' Then ring it from the steeples; And peal it from the towers; Australian blood is British biood— And Britain's trim are ours. There is another stanza, but I suppress it in the interest of tthe yoiing writer— who, as 1 said before, is a friend of mime. It Is enough ! to say that in her -third sta'nza she brakes it j appear that , these Bushmen , of whom she sings, will; after the war ie over, come back to their native land, arid, when -they are not. ewimmirig out their horses to board, by the : LOre-ehalns, the decks of fell Inivadcrs, will ' meet those same invaders behind impene- i trable dog-leg fences. I wiil just add a w;ord to this effect: Wheii women take the ivar- j feVer it Is tlriie'that'particUlar war were over, I unless It is Intended to be carried on a out- I raricej like A Corsicah Vendetta, through generations. Woman knows nothing of an' emotional equator. It is with her always North Pole or South Pole. Nevertheless, I . think there is something pathetic in "H.B's" amicable belief that the hiiakt- clad wsr.jk-ra ! who went away wiil return toTay their Iau- iels at the feet of their old-tiriie sweethearts. She does ntf>t' soent to ithbw that four hoqrs under fire are almost a lifetime to, a man, and i that thre'e months of hard campaigning— al ways1 supposing that he Is riot fighting for his own hearth Arid home— make him Indiffe rent to many things—oyeji including BesBles, , apd Lizzies, rind Annies, and jeahkettes. As 1 the French used to Sing— "Rlen n'est ' Saers peur un Bapour."— Yeurs, ic.. , ' -. ;Y» 'J- DALEY. - 