I.u^J6pi|ibDRipAv0 .you ?,???--£ ? . ' : There's aphid amang ye takin' notes, And faith he'll pi'ent 'em. . ( On a recent occasion- a visit was paid to'the- 'Slough 'oi: Indifference'1 when a football match was in course of pro gress! The players were faultlessly aocircd in mud, and, as a 'handicap was introduced to .Bring the -fast sprinbers to a level' with thoso less fleet of foot, clods were attached to ? their boots. This innovation is not likely to catch on 'with the lovers of the oval, and it is a moot point whciJici Hie Urion will consider tho adusabihty of continu ing this class of handicap at their .cup gauies. Ladies, ViO notice, aio ex ceedingly fond of looking Uu this avnusoment, and footballers as a julo appear on the holds neatly and nicely vnifoimed. Marches, like the one alluded to, will not tend to mcie.ise tho populaiioy of tho spoit, but the blame is not wholly attached to the playois. The ground, which is the only ono available, should bo put ^lOiouglily m older, and then the club be held lesponsible foi a fan. shaie of the cost of maintaining ic m such a condition. All your loadeis -nillbeglpd to learn that the Childion's Fan is hkoly to be such a pionounced saccess. Mis. Vivian, tho piomoiei, is indefatigable in ; her exertions on its behalf, and, wnhoi't any appeal to outsideis, oileis of assistance aio coming daily to hand The gills aie making excellent pio giess wiuh their woik, and as e\eiy attention is being devoted to the many articles in couiso of conduction, variety and quality should go hand in hand. , Hooray ' said tho 'Man aboutTown' on healing that Messis. Nute and Gonsidine outmancouvied the gum snectio a week oi so back. Our town can ,ill aflbid to lose men of their class. iMany congiatulations weio showered on them when fuends hearid of their nanow escape. Tho vmdness of the scene and the awful anxiety can never he eflaced fiom then monioiies. The PubLc Seivico Boaid aie -per- fecJy ri£,ht on insisting' chat cah guiphy 'shall be clear, disi'nct and concise Jumping 'Jehosaphatl A' lettoi fiom a oack block's fnond ai nved the other day and was one^of the finest puzzles e\er exhibited.' This bungs to oiu^ minds _ the lemaik of a compositor on the anting of Hoiace Gieoley — ' Gieat Heavens ! If Bal sha^ai was fughtencd at the wilting on Uie wall, he would have been sniick dumb with teiipL if he saw tbis.' , ' . , , ' ~ Most people wei e living under the impiession that the age of supeiscition had vanished, that the \\-aMS of m lell'^ence was sweeping o\ei' vhe com munity, and that education had lifted tho-\eil of daikness' ?which for hun dieds of yeais had enveloped the human mind. To the gieat suipi'ise of your numeious lepdeis, Mr Ec'hoi', you ha\o uneaiuhdd a ghost, vie' d n, hue ^issue oJ \,he Exvrlss, wheiein appealed a leuier signed 'TheGhosj.' Have you any objec tion to iiioi^iti out foipeisonal inspection and ^ciui'ny 9 Will you k'udly hard it over to the Pauiioac Commii,iee foi show jjpuiposes ? Theie is a mint of money for any enteipusing com miiitee or showaiau vho becomes possessed of such a lusus nauuic, iiaia'avis, or fossil specimen, oi what ever1 the thing is,' for exhibition amoug the loyalists of Gundagai, Tumut and Ac'elong. , 'it appeals it can wine and 'possibly speak. That you l^e se emed 'a lemarkable find is eMdenfc fiom'its vapoiinr,s, it ciass ignoiance ofiiirndano things', and its Bip Van Winklo ]3ioclnities.' Cannot you hand ovoi to tho poor thing your ex changes so that it shall not again ' appear so ndiculous ? - ' 1 Last week I noticed in boi/h Gunda gai aad Tumut papeis, nouccs le loacV conuacts, but fail to find similar mseit'ons in the Expjilss.' ^Yhy is ihis thus ? Has yovi plain, outspoken journal, Mr. Eduoi, given oiience in official quarteis ' Your many leudeis demanc1 than, in the inteiest of local co.iiiaciois and business people, jou tako such measuies as you may dee.n expedient 'to jnevent a lecuiienco of such unfanness. Many of youi sub scnbois take no othei papor and con lend that they ha\ e no light to become 'osliacised or tabooed because just ciiti'cism is dealt out in the columns of your papeis. A few queues might 'be awkward obstaclos to bump up against. The Eirr.iss is tho local oigan and should insist on its rights, and if these aie ictused, lediess can soon be obtained by appeal to the employeis. 