:TIIE GOVERNOR-GENERAL. The announcement that the office of Governor-General of the . Federated Commonwealth of Australia had ~ boon filled by the appointment of Lord Hope toun came upon the community with somewhat of surprise. It no doubt affixes the seal of reality upon Federa tion to know that the Earl of Hopctoun is actually appointed and will be in Australia at tho ond of tho year, and the promptitude with which the ap pointment has been made shows that it is intended by the Imperial as well as by the Australian authorities that there shall be no oxcuse foj delay in regard to the holding of the Federal elections and inauguration of the new regime. ?Of tho appointment itself much has already been said in tho metropolitan press pro aud con. But a moment's thought will suggest the difficulties which had to be contended with in making this appointment. It was of great importance that the first Governor General should have had provions e.Xr,. perience of Australian lifo, but the circle of choice was of necessity a nar row one owing to tho exalted character of the position to bo filled. Tho Governor-Generalship of Australia is undoubtedly one of the most impostant Vice-Regal appointments of the Empire, and tho necessary combination of rank and Australian exporience narrowed tho selection to a very few men. Lord Jersey, it is believed, could not have accepted a position which would neces sitate a long residence away from Eng land, and the late popular Governor of Victoria — Lord Brassoy — was next in favor. Lord llopetouu, who is in his fortieth year, is no stranger to the peoplo of the States of which he is soon to be the head. When twenty-nine years of ago he arrived in Victoria as Govorhor, and was personally popular, not only in the colony of which ho was Governor but throughout tho wliolo of Australia, with which he made himself very well acquainted bv personal visits. He left Australia, in the early part of 1895, and it is appropriate tit the present time to recall somu wordy lie uttered at a banquet, in Melbourne given i him 011 leaving. The ie.pe that hf; i might be tho first Governor-General [ was then freely expressed tuel ho said : — ' I implore yon to make flic union of ' these colonies the goal of your de ' sires. Surely such a question is of ' more importance than such local ques ' tious as whether this or that ntunici ' pality shall enjoy ,-£50' Municipal ' subsidy, or whether this or that town ' shall be the centre of a postal disirict. ' Gentlemen, hero in this great hall and ' elsewhere in tho colony, a wish lias ' been expressed- that when federation ' docs come about, 'tlie post of Governor ' General should bo given to mo. I ' valao beyond, measure tlie compliment 'paid me, but I trust that a wiser man 'and on abler administrator than I am i-'will bo found ready at hand when hois j J' wanted. Should however such a man ' not be forthcoming and should I havo ' tho great good fortune to be offered ' the post, I should consider it my '? sacred duty to accept it. To my ' mind no prouder day could fall to tho ' lot of any man than to take a part in ' the starting of the great Executivo ' and Legislative machine, which will ' assuredly for all time dominate this ' quarter of the globe.' It is reassur ing to remember that these words were spoken when the possible federation of the Australian colonies was a very doubtful mattor. The porsonal know ledge and popularity of tho Governor General elect will certainly play an im portant part in the initial stages of the new life in Australia That there will bo sound wisdom and acumen among the statesmen who havo this matter, in hand has already been shown in the skill with which the Commonwealth Bill | has been .prepared and carried through by colonial politicians, and probably tho greatest danger during the first few mouths will arise from tho possibility of friction between the newly Federaled States. Lord Hopetoun certainly showed during his Victorian, career tact and sagacity in dealing with taen ; ho is now ten years older and wo may expect from him- equal' ability and good judg ment in dealing with the larger affairs of the Commonwealth. Presbyteuian Chukch— Public woreliip will (D.v.) be held in the church, Jerilderie, next Sunday at 11 a.m. and 7.30 p.m. The usual service at Wilson being omitted. On next Sunday week, the 29th inst., at Now rauie station at 10.30 a.m., and in the church, Jerilderie, at 7.30 p.m. As our readers are already aware the R. P. and A. annual exhibition will be held; here on*' Tuesday and' Wednesday next. As a'd: mission to the gcounds for membera-and- tfieic 'families is by.ticket only, it will be necessary , ' to obtain same from the Sfcerefary, of else they will be called nponto pay the admission fde at the gates. Exhibitors in the Mis cellaneous aud Educational Sections who are non-members will leave their exhibits at the Secretary's office where they will be taken charge of by the. stewards and placed in their respective places. After 1 p.m. on the second day of show they may enter the ground' free to take charge of their exhibits for removal. 'A young man came into our store yester day suixuriug from a severe attack of cramp colic,' writes B. P. Hess, miller and general merchant, Dickey's Mountain, Pa. ' He had tried various home remedies without relief. As I had used Chamberlain's Colic Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy I gave him a dose and it soon brought him out alright. I never saw a f.'llow so rejoiced.' Sold bv W. A. Steele, Jerilderie. Elsewhere will be seen an advertise ment to the effect that the Corowa P., A. & IT. Society hold their annual exhibition on Tuesday and Wednesday, 11th and 15th -ti'sust:, when they are offering a prize list of over £800 for competition! including £50 for Hunters and filo for Sheep Doe Trial, ako £37 for a Bund Oootfoi. rris Excellency the Governor and the Premier have signified their intention of being present at the show. Entries for above close with the secretary on , 7th pros. ? We beg to draw attention to. the fact that entries for tho Urana P. & A. Society close with the secretary, Mr. J. Wise, on Saturday, 23th inst. Schedules of prizes and entry forms for .the sliow may be obtained at this office. As will be seen by the prize list the Society is offering over £S0 for Hunters, ctc. In past years the horse competition especially at this show used to bo more keenly contested ! than at any other show in Riverina, and from what we learn from the Secretary this year will in that respect exceed all those in the past, so that visitors may rely on seeing some excellent work done. I want to lot the people who. suffer from rheumatism and sciatica knows that Cham berlain's Pain Balm relieved me after a number of other medicines and a doctor had failed. It is the best liniment I have ever known of. — J. A. Dodtren.Alnliaretta, Ga. Thousands havo been cured of rheumatism by this remedy. One application relieves the pain. For sale by W. A. Steele Jeril derie. In another column will be seen where Messrs. E. J. Gorman & Co., in conjunction with Messrs. John MeNamara & Co., purpose submitting to the hammer 1000 bead of cattle at Tocumwal on the 2nd August. TriE entries for the Show are coming in this year moro freely than heretofore. All the classes now arc fairly represented except the Govejnment Special, which is rather disappointing. As things are apparently it it would havo been bett^rithad the committee distributed the money in all the classes. In the four-in-hands there are already five entries, nnd it is said that three others intend competing. Woods' Great Peppermint Cure for Coughs and Colds never fails. Is Bd. Eleceotir' Rights. — Regulations appear in tho ' Government Gazette ' relative to the sending of notices to doctors who may be re quired to p-es. lit their electors' rights so that they may be stamped in such a manner that the'period for which they should be effective will be increased by three years. AwitiK rene'vel by a resident of the town from Mr. McKinney, Principal Assistant Engineer of the Water Conservation Branch, asking 'o; havo some marks fixed at the highest level reached by tho flood water at this town, promising to havo the murks counected with his levds at first oppor tunities, calls to our mind a want which has been long spoken about here, viz., to have a gauge reading placed in some part of our watercourse by which the height of the creek might be known. Our civic fathers for years post spoke of placing a gauge in tho creek near or at tho bridge orossing tlie Billnboug on the Yanko road, but up to the pieseut it has only been talk. If such a mark were placed there, or indeed at any other place in the ereek, the residents would bo enabled to see at u glance how much the creek rose or fell in the night. The cost of a board with the necessary measurements painted thereon would bo a mere trifle. AUTHENTIC MEDICAL' OPINIONS WORTH KNOWING.— Dr. Osborne says: ''I use SANDER Jc SONS' EUCALYPTI EX TRACT as a spray for nasal catarrh, low fever, asthma, &c;„ with great success. I find this preparation superior to all others.' Dr. Stahl : ' I havo used various preparations of Eucalyptus, but I eet belter results from SANDER & SONS' EUCALYPTI, KX 1 Lvtvv^i luail iruiu :iuy ouu;' . ?. vi. i iisuiu ; ' I never use any Eucalvplus preparation other than SANDER fc SONS^as-l ,-foii-nd the others to bo almost ns .?!?%.% tj-;! ; .-! It goes v.-irhir.t, sa.'.'inf t.Ua'.-^^vr).1'. K SONS' JfUOA f.V'i'l'l EXrl-A'-'i' i' t'-e'Hs!, in the mark t.' in intliien/.a. . all fevers, tin-oat nn.l.,luui{ tnuiblei dijithuVii. di trrheca, (lvr. ntery, .'itflhev. Vimifil-tinl.-'f ?Vneiii.iatisni, miiiii 'i, prain.H iilei-rs. .v.-., it is inr.ibnr'1 ?. .-??.e lieu you liiit S.VNDKK & ;-UX.S' ami iv j et spurious preparations, ivhieli are some times .supplied by. uns.'rupulous dcalevs,. As will be HC'ii in another column a grand bazaar in aid of tlie R.C. Church will --e held in the Jerilderie Mechanics' Institute during show week. A fancy fair and' promenade concert will be h/dd in aid of the Pr, sbyteiian Church iu the Urana Sell iol of Aits on the nights of 1st and 2nd Angust (show week). Til b cutties for tho J.J.C. events to be held on the 2(ith and 20t.li in-d., closed last night. Owinu' to the absence of the- lion, sec! we have been unable to obtain the nomination. The weather for July is beautifully Duo and it is to be hoped that it will continue so for a few more weeks to dry up the roads nnd thus enable visitors to come into tho shows at here and the county town without ineonvunieiicc. Great Cresar's Ghost I poor wasted frame, That once full vigour did possess, Can't be a man in else but name, His cough has brought him such distress. The undertaker smiles to think Next winter's cold he'll not endure, Oh 1 ne'er any die, but take a drink Of W. E. Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. We understand that some of the donors for the special prize for staunch horse to be tried on Tuesday afternoon next on the show ground are in favor of having the trial for draught hor3es in traces attached to a slide drawn along the ground. The elide to be loaded on the ground. The reason given for this is that whereas the horses which pull iu tho shafts will pull in traces there are many harness horses that havo never been in shafts. There is no doubt some reason in this which probably may havo some weight with the donors of the prize when they meet on Saturday to discuss the subject. The Society, in the event of this kind of trial being decided upon, havo arranged to get a slide ready in the event of it being required. For chronic Chest complaints Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. Is Gd. The Secretary of the Show is in receipt of a letter from tho Manager of the Wagga Experimental Farm asking for 30 feet of space, three feet wide, with two shelves about 30 feet long each, by 18 inches deep for the display of farm exhibits sent down to tho Show for exibition. Mr. Bulkeley from the Farm will be down to explain to the farmers the different variety of cereals, seeds and fruits, otc., shown. This, no doubt, will be one of the main attractions of the Show and most interesting and instructive for the farmers, who will be enabled to see the varieties grown on land similar to their own. In 189S there were some exhibits at this show from Wagga but judging by the space a9ked for this yL.ar there will be four times as many shown here next Tuesday and Wed nesday. We would certainly advise all the farmers throughout the district not only to avail themselves of the opportunity of being present but bring their sons with them too, as it will be a valuable object lesson for both a9 to what can be produced in the Riverina. : ? , TO TJTE, DEAF — A rich lady, cured of Tier; deafness and Noises in th'o head by Dr. *,Ni'bTr6ts'ou's Artificial Ear Drums, gave £5,000 to big institute* so that deaf.peoplc unable to procure the Ear Drums may have tliem free. Adrcss No. 307D, The Nicholson Institute, Longcott, Gunnersbury London, W. A wei.i.-sinkep, named Daniel O'Leary was had up on Wednesday morning last on two charges, fii-st' for being drunk and dis orderly on Tuesday night, and secondly for ' lurid language ' to Constable Doran when that officer politely butulirmly requested Daniel to accompany him home out of the wet. The bench fined him half-a-sov.. for each offence, alternative 96 hours. Daniel grumbled a bit and remavked that it was poor encouragement indeed to a man to come to spend his money, but he was quickly silenced by a threat from the bench of a heavier sentence if he did not hold his tongue, A MEETING of the Cottage Hospital Com mittee was lield on Saturday last. Present — Messrs. Kmncdy (chair), Fulton, Hardie and llochfort. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed, Corres pondence was read and received. The follow ing gentlemen wire ejootod a visiting com mittee for ensuing quarter, viz. Messrs. Hiteliins, Hardie and the Rev. J. Dykes. Tho matter of filjing up and' raising- iiio hospital yard ' ' as held over. Accounts amounting to £-20 - . ,7d were passed for payment and the meeting terminated. Manager llartiu, of the Pieoson drug stoie informs us that he is having a great run on Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. He sells five bottles of that medicine to one of any other kind, and it gives great satisfaction. ' In these days of la grippe there is nothing like Chamberlain's Cougq Remedy to stop the cough, heal up the sore throat and give re lief within a very Bhort time. The sales are growing; and all who try it are pleased with its prompt action. — South Chicago Daily Calumet. For sale by W. & A. Steele, Jeril dorie. ~ We hear that it on tlie lapis to hold a ball on the second night of the show, the 25th inst., in St. Joseph's school-room. A com mittee of laiies and gentlemen have been appointed to carry through the arrangements in connection with same. The Hon. Secretary is Mr. Nethercote. Mb. L. E. Lawpord, the Inspector of Schools, is round on his annual inspectorial tour. He arrived hereon Saturday last. On Monday he went up to inspect the provisional school at Coonong, but owing to the height of the Yanko Creek the school could not'be approached, in fact the building was on an island. While there he heard that the Morundah school was closed also on account of tlie flood. Tuesday he drove to Mairjimmy to inspect tho school there, and yesterday and to-day be is busy examining the pupils attending the Public School iu this town. For Bronchial Coughs take Woods' Great Peppermint Curo. Is 6d Although the Billabong Creek here has been slowly falling since Sunday last it may bo expected to rise soon again vvlien the Colombo waters roach it. We learnt yester day that-the Yanko Creek had overflowed its banks in many plnces and was still rapidly rising. At the Yanko homestead it rose eight inches during Wednesday night. It is to be hoped 'that the rise will not be such as to debar residents north of the Yanko Creek from attonding . tho show hero with their exhibits. 