SYDNEY ONE HUNDRED YEARS AGO. SOME CONTRASTS, PRESENT AND FORMER N.S.W. (By Ernest Favenc.) CENTURY! One hundred years of na tional and social life should have, one would think, made a great difference— an entire revolution, in fact— in nearly every phase of living ap pertaining to men and manners, more especially in a young country like Austra lia. But this lapse of one — hundred years, while it has in a general sense changed all things, in some particular instances has let them remain as they were when 1800 was born. After all, one hundred years gives more idea of the flight of time than does the word "century." One hundred years tells of one hundred summers, one hundred springs, and the same number of au tumns and winters-r-air fraught with iuman emo* tions, end human lives- and deaths. But a. cen- tury. Pooh! it ia but a calculation, On. the- ca lendar—part of a calculation which-ihas had to be altered several times to make the. centuries run smoothly. That the military, element in the Australian community should now be as predominant as it was about 1800, although from entirely different reasons, is a coincidence which may be taken note of. But the red-coated, stiff-stocked, pipe- A FRIGATE 100 YEARS AGO. clayed soldier of 1800 w».s very different, in all but the fighting spirit, from the gentleman in khaki ftf 1900. One can imagine the disgust of the man with the tight sock and the worsted epaulettes if he got out of his grave and met the man in khaki, putties, and felt hat The disgust would be mutual. . . _. . ? .„. .._« From soldiers to rum is an easy transition; Rum in 1800 was both a means of barter and,, of - getting drunk. A teetotaller could deal in ruin then without reproach, for it was a sort of cur rency. He could not do that now. Then, rum really came from the West Indies; now, it comes from anywhere. Although the colony of 1800 was but small in population and inhabited area, it represented an Australia in itself, being the home of the only Government. Now, after a hundred years, we are only just about arriving, after many transi tions, at something of the same sort of result. The Dutch in 1800 still had a shadowy claim on half the continent, but it lapsed somehow, for nobody thought much of colonies # then, unless they were those whose inhabitants produced trade, and our blackfellows did not produce any thing, so. there was no trade. How ^pulddt-toe in 1900 if the Dutch had, a hundred years before, become, cognisant . of the rich gold fields of '' West. Australia, which was .ihe.. prin- cipal scene of, their investigations. Assuredly' their claim would have been put forward then, - for in the instructions issued «f old to all their captains, the first wa6 to inquire of the natives concerning .minerals, especially gold. If the Dutch then had asserted their right we should now be' probably fighting them on account of the Boer War, and .Dutch-Australian contingents for the Boers and British- Australian contingents for the Imperial troops- would be leaving for South Africa. Fortunately, Australia hid her treasures too v.'ell, and we escaped that danger. It was only a few years after 1800 that Colonel Collins went over to Port Phillip, and took a look round,-, -and-- pronounced '.the place' worthless^ Surely the Tarra did .not smell so bad then? How ever, he left, early, and one hundred years have wrought a mighty change since. ' One hundred years ago a man, when out ex-' ploring, who wanted- to find out the distance he' had travelled, would count , his footsteps. Two thousand and two' hundred paces were'eonsidcred equivalent to one mile. Just . fancy the mono- , tony of it — counting .all day 'long, and marking \ down a mile when you came. to two thousand two ! hundred, and then beginning all over again. l ? One hundred years ago, although . tierces and j half-tierces of tobacco -were nearly as good an j article of exchange as rum, smoking in the streets { — this is one matter in which ths past contrasts favorably with the present — would have bean deemed low, and much beneath the dignity of any of that class, all the members of which were then so ready to stand upon their ' dignity as gentlemen, and vindicate that dignity, duelling pistol in hand if necessary. As to the pistol, thai is a matter in which the present contracts favorably with the past. But to return to the i tobacco subject, and to touch upon one of. the petty vices of modern times, which has a distinct in fluence on the appearance of thjf streets of all present -day cities, Sydney particularly- A man i who smoked cigarettes in Sydney in 1800 would have been looked upon with suspicion as some dangerous foreigner, and probably put under sur veillance. While, as to a small boy caught strut ting about the streets of those days with a cigaT etie in his mouth, his horrified parent would have soundly birched him, and put him on bread and water, for. a month. We have not improved in that respect. -\foiat longing lcoks were often cast at that .time at the distant range of the Blue Mountains. Cay ley and Barraillier were making their -attempts to cross the barrier, and it was in the first years of the century that Governor King sent the latter on an embassy to the 'King of the Mountains,' then a mythical personage, invented by Governor King to baffle Colonel Paterson. Now, however, the King of the Mountains really exists in the: shape of .the locomotive. Fancy, living in thrsa times on a marrow strip of coast, with an unknown continent containing all sorts of possibilities at your lack. Supposing a semi-civilised people had inhabited the upland plains— quite within the. ' settled. frbmrEhetMalay Archipelago, and had sud denly switoped down and carried, -off ih£ whole settlement, not a hard job— -where would* federa tion day be? ' Still, one thing remains unchanged, excepting in a few minor details. The stockman : of the j early days of the century is the stockman of the j closing days of the century; that is to sayj so far ; as the outside country is concerned, for, of ^course, the stockman is a back number in New South Wales and Victoria. But the representatives of that class in parts of Queensland, of the Northern Territory, and of West Australia, live like their brethren of old did. and fare like them, also, bar ring that the old cabbage tree hat has fallen into disuse, dress *iike them. True, the mod ern outside stockman is better armed, but, after ; after all, it is an open question whether he j is much safer from attack than the other man j was. The average of men killed by the natives I in the northe and west is just about as high in 1 these days of arms of precision as it was when I Tower muskets and big horse pistols .-were the ?j weapons used. ; It must have been a dull life amongst the little ?colony a hundred years ago. Some few adven turous spirits like Flinders, Bass, Hacking, stand out in relief as men who always found oc cupation in the wilderness around; but the rest could only find occupation in quarrelling, and ? we know they quarrelled to perfection. What a _ spiritless life it must have been. No theatre, j except such entertainment as they got up amongst themselves; no polo, for even if the game had been known they had no horses for it; nothing but cards, and dice, and rum. Certainly the last hundred years have made an improvement in thermatter of amusements in SydneyJ ' They had no immunity from droughts in those days. - -Was it. not a drought that caused the \- passage of the Blue Mountains to be forced at last? And yet. there were all the rich pastures 'of the- Hunter and' its tributaries' at the disposal ?;'of the flocks and 'herds. One often wonders why i some attempts wfere' not made by the colonists to ascend the, range; over the comparatively easy way to be found on the Upper Hunter, instead of 'battling against the Blue. Mountains. It, was all the difference between a. frontal attack aid turc . ing the .flank. But herein we speak-, with the knowledge of 1900 and !not the ignorance of 1800. ; Still it -must have been a wonderful thought to ; those' who chose to think about the^foattfer, that la vast mysterious continent was all around, and {that they had its destinies to work out, even as we are speculating upon working out the desti- I nies of 'federated Australia. There is where the affinity comes in between 'the year 1800 and the J year 1900. .-.'.'? - ? .: . j There must have been a great belief in the . future of Australia. Cheap as colonies were held in those days; when, smaii as the inhabited part of the country was, and shut in by an insur mountable range as the colonists thought they were, men of education formed homes- and- es tates and settled down. It . showed 'that ? they considered -themselves -in the position o£ some thing more than the performers of an allotted duty, and that the land had already begun to exercise its attractive powers on them. In those days Timor, which was a more import ant settlement 'than it is now, was looked upon as one of the most desirable places for establishing trade with. That is not remarkable, bscause of course it was the nearest, but what is remark able is that now in 19W we should, from various causes, be opening up a trade with the Northern ; Archipelago, just one hundred years after the i ships of the early settlement called there. I * * ' ' ' ''i THE GOVERNOR-GENERALS /LANDING PLACE, f ' I (BY TSR.- SID: rIX3NG,r PRESIDENT OF THE ' SOCIETY OF ' ARTISTS.! ' . One. thing very notable about the. early part of this century was tha way in which the colonists, ' f ew . in number though they were, literally spread themselves over the new country opened up by the passage of the Blue Mountains. They pushed out towards the limitless west, down to the south, and away to the north like a flood let loose. Those' were not the days of centralisation in towns. The native youth then was a long gaunt fellow of some 6ft or over. Hard as the proverbial nail, and with a supreme contempt for town dwellers, he was the pink of a pioneer, and Just the breed *he country wanted. Where are they now? Physically speaking we have not im proved since those days . Go out on a holiday and watch the young couples trooping down to the harbor and elsewhere. Their height ifi not im posing, and the girl is often taller than the boy. Probably in the coming state of things that is as it should be. The elang of tbose days was no doubt as common as oure is now, but they had not yet developed the nasal twang which we aspire to i» 1900. I have no doubt we had a drawl, but what's a drawl compared to a twang? It was about 1800 that ?the lyre bird and the wombat were first noticed. In the hundred years that have elapsed how many of the former have been ruthlessly ehot merely for the sake of their tails? True, they are protected in some sort of a way by legislation at -the present time, but /on the whole we are do wiser Jn. 'QasX respect than the other countries are! Fortunately, even now these rare indigenous birds have uninhabited wastes; still, left to which they can retire. There fore; - Australia ? has as yet not witnessed their extinction, as has been the case wi'th the fauna of so many lands. But if posterity is not wiser than* we are, it will not be long before such an event takes place. Possibly we may yet have in the far future to send to England for epeci ments of the kangaroo and emu, in order to try and re-Introduce itbem into Australia, The pesple will lookup in the dictionary, for tuemeaningof the word 'kangaroo-shooter,' and find that it meant a man. who made his living by shooting kangar oos, and they will look with wondfea* at each other. Even if the kangaroo will be always with us, there -are certain of the Australian fauna which will assuredly disappear if they are preyed upon as much during the coming one hundred years as. they have been during the past. '??-? If a 'inan dpulo. look bade on ^he Sydney of one hiindrea years ago with realistic vision, perhaps- ; what would , strike him -? most would be, u not the buildings, nor the streets, but- the- shipping in the har bor. P,6r£ Jackson, as one can imagine it, with its wooded shores, and woofled islands,;, the Lady Nelson and one or 'two other smalUcraft lying at anchor, and'tKe' surface' of 'the water only broken by a;-few. rowing boats, must then have well deserved the' h-ckneyed title it has acquired. But in that hundred years what a change! A greater change, and one speaking more tor the advance ment of Sydney than any other change—a city on the waters far grander than the one on land, a j : city which reaches Into the enfls of Iho earth, net limited to the extent, of a tram ride. This is a proud result for one hundred [yeare of the Em pire's maritime 'growth— prouder than any we have* to show alone. The mighty liners and the sailing craft fFom all -quarters of the globe, the j flags of all -nations, even the men-of-war — Brit- I ish, French, German, and American — which guard j the peaceful traders;' these speak of commercial | ?greatness in -a 'better way than the pallid faces i ? of the' workers' in 'the streets, the tfcrongs of bey j clerks and little' shop girls hurrying in to -work of r a' morning. * The -sea should be Sydney's domain; j but one' hundred years1 have gone by, and we} are only just waking up ' to the fact. Yet they I were bold enough sailers in the old time, as ilie j history of the discovery ' of our coast can testify; ! but whether from the fact 'that you cannot ride a | horse on board ship to an advantage, or for sorae j other unknown reason, the youth of Australia j does not take to s: sailor's life. Presumably the j curse of the cheap foreigaer is one reason, and, J perhaps, a good reason. too. But a hundred years ago' the * cheap , foreigner had not made - his , appearance. in the merchant service, and' sailors were different sort of men. -At present the sailor promises to become as obsolete as in ' some parts does the stockman. One has been superseded by the sto ker, the other by the boundary-rider. I wonder what sort of a being a man of' 1800 would consi der a boundary-rider to be. When the word 'jackeroo' first came- into use there is an ancient yarn told of a New South Waies man who went to Queensland, where the. name 'Originated, sad. upon hearing it used, exclaimed, looking eagerly round with his gun ready — 'Where? Where is it?' 'What?' ?? . -, 'Why, the jackeroo! I want to have a shot at it!' ':.-.',.. The most disagreeable thing about living»In a Kev/ South Wales summer one hundred years ago must .have been the fact of having no means of coding things. Of course, after ail, cool water and the rest of it in hot weather arc lux-.'.ries; but , but tepid water and pily butter nr.ist h?-ve been mighty disagreeable. Nc ; even tho familiar canvas water -bag to fall back on, and ho ises built after the style cf the Georges, -sithout v irandahs. , or any shade to the Trails. I remember eseing long ago one of the old ^ an teens that the people of those days used to carry in the bush. It was ingeniously made of tin. with two brackets sol dered on to pass your belt through. It vas about a foot square and a couple of inches thick, and bent slightly to fit the round of your body. -It would hold about three pinis, and I undertake to say that one hour after you had started you could j m.ike tea with its contents without need for j lighting, a are. It is a wonder tii£t thej 'did not ! take a hint from the natives. The native carries ' water in an open coolamen, and on the ion he ' puts grass and boughs to keep the sun off. ' It is always middling cool, although not so cool as in a water-bag.- Of course' it te the- -ins : who have to do all the carrying. A male native in his wild state never did anything half so laborious as carry a coolamen full of vrzter. i But while I cannot help bnt thinking that a so journ in Sydney during the 'summer of 1800 would ! be shorn of many comforts which we enjoy now, I cannot but confess that in one respect I envy them with an exceeding great envy, and I would gladly surrender ice and hard butter, and even canvas water-bags, to live there for one season. The people of 1800 did not know what pianos were. Fancy the Joy of living in a town where the wail of the smitten piano did not cry oat in Pf 1 * j its agony, and the voice of the girt with' {he pte»3| nomenal voice did not scream at yon daily. Tberajgl was, no doubt, a spinet, which accompanied tbafl lady's warbling in a correct and mild majmer,ijl but the long-haired man* and the girl with tbeff music. roll were unknown in the uray track UmCSI stood 'for a street, and there must have been ?'jl mightly peace over the land. . Jl Has anybody written on .the evolution of tluM stockwhip? It must have been born about 'tfcpfl beginning of this century, probably in a mild saafil harmless form, and probably enlarged by sac^l cessive generations. of flash stockmen, unto ttoil period of the 'gully-raker' was reached. Then, 11 again, the big whip fell away, aad now in IMPf! we are probably, using the same steed whip t&aCjj; our ancestors used when they went out to tefauFJ ??ill in cattle from the cow pastures. There **« i other whips of somewhat similar form SEe4 iat:|j different parts of the world, bat the AiuttaffitaM stockwhip is distinctive. I hare always th«a«*tl that a sailor designed the first stockwhip haadl»l from a martin-spike. The only thing that aiKli tates against this notion f s that when ~ ?*O«' r| comes up the bush as a new chum, he iarariabto/ 1 gets more knots round his seek— OB his ««* ?! essay to crack a whip— than any other nan. OOpfi 'there were a good many sailors knocking abaiaj Sydney at that time, and there might haT» Ueeitl a genius amongst them. . ,rM Dogs! We don't hear much about tfet tatjtl of Sydney in the beginning of the ceatmr-^M hear enough about them now. and scoe ffa* 1 ??—?-? . * GRMUZ.-MODERN UNER. \- . - _ ? ' -/ riMwa dpcctslly by tbe Ktrtunw Shot*. 'Canpaar-- ' *'., !' -! ' ? . ? ' 1.'. ?-. t'';i'-i '.».., ;i after 1800 we know, from old records, that large dogs lying about the streets became not only a nuisance, but a danger, to such an extent that a sort of decree of outlawry : was pronounced against them, anyone ' who chose to kill a. vagabond dog of large size being exempt from damages. - Dogs pre sent another difficult problem. The kangaroo dog is supposed to originate from a cross between a etagbound and a greyhound, but who was the man who first gave the kangaroo dog to the Australian world? Of co'urse, just now we are overburdened with new breeds of dogs, but this is a dog of ancient lineage, and the matter is one of deep moment. Cannot the celebrations committee spare some of the funds, before it is too late, to offer a prize for the correct answers to the questions as to who made the first stock whip and who bred the first kangaroo* dog? These are questions of weight. : Much are to be pitied the book lovers, the readers of those days. Fancy how the small library must have gone the rounds of thp place amongst the. few whp cared for books. For there must have been some then who cared for books. I have an idea that Ensign -Barraillier must have been a book lover because, says Governor King, 'his journal, .was wrote in such an unintelligible hand.' There is a relevancy in this; most scholars write in unintelligible hands. SYDNEY IN 1786J Primitive artificial light must have been an- j other thing that sorely tried the patience of read- ' ers. Now, when we have. a dozen different lights to chose from, one can pity poor. people condemn ed to nothing but oil. True, many up-country men to this day think that a. siush lamp forms ; the highest form of illuininant necessary for ex- j istence, but, needless to say, this is a matter of ? , opinion only. And, by the way, there is another point of affinity between the beginning and end , of the century. Undoubtedly, slush lamps must have been greatly in use at the beginning of the . century, and even now over a large extent of ; Australia, the ever useful fat lamps has to be re- ! sorted to. But how a man from 1800 would have revelled in our lights that don't fail. In some ways how glorious it must have been to live in a country where the outside world was shut away from you for months at a stretch; but in some ways, the anxiety caused by lack of news must have been wearing. When one thinks of ' . SYDNEY IN 1798. ' * the little, British colony at Port Jackson in 1800, i one can quite appreciate how the Spanish Gover nor at Guam must have felt when, in the late Spanish American war, the . Charles ton . American cruiser hove. ? in sight, and he 'was 'told, for the first time, that hostilities existed. Still, in 1800, the colo nists were always. on. the alert, and when Baudin, the French navigator, left Port Jackson, Gover nor King sent a small ?schooner, under command of a midshipman after him, with secret orders to watch his,inoveineiitg, aid, if necessary, hoist the King's colors and. fend a corporal's guard at any place where the French appeared likely to make j a demonstration. Also, when Flinders met Bau din in Encounter Bay, he had the. decks cleared, and he says: 'We veered round as Le Geographe was passing, so as to keep our broadside to her, lest the flag of truce should be a deception.' Evi dently, our fellows were more wide awake than the Governor of Guam. In trying to striKe the balance of advantages of a residence in Sydney in 1900, and in the van ished days of 1800, I have kept clear of all politics, of which 1900 has too many. There were hardly any politics in 1800; they were not allowed by ar bitrary rule. But in the place of the heats and worries which politics now engen der, life in . 1800 was overshodawoed by the fact, constantly thrust upon a'l by every circumstance of daily existence, th~t the colony had been founded for the benefit of those whose intentions may once have been excellent, but whose performances had been the reverse. There is no necessity here to rake up memories of 'the system;' but, in reviewing fcne changes of a hundred years, it is impossible not to say that its disappearance is among the most happy of them. Worthy people of 1900 talk much of lar rikinism, no respect lor elders, lack of restraint, etc. But a good deal of lack of restraint must be better -than the '.perpetual 'clank,' 'clank' of 1800 — a thing which weighed upon the whole commun ity. That is all necessary it is to say about a past which is buried, but the ghosts of which still haunt certain solid stone Sydney buildings, of an obsolete style of architecture, but which seem to have been erected for all time by those who had plenty of time on hand, and spent it under close supervision. I have said that the population of 1800 was small. Will the federation of the colonies help to formu late some scheme whereby the waste lands of the interior, now desolate and uninhabited, can be 'made to prove productive, and carry population? Australia is ridiculously under-populated, and yet we have people crying out for land, and unemploy ed and starving poor. Will the end of the next century find every man seated under his own vine and figtree, and smoking his own home-grown to bacco? Not that I think that last a luxury, but it makes a pretty* picture of rural happiness. Aus tralia could, and will, carry a population right through to the four seas, but whether it will be in the coming century or the one after, who can say? 