The Yellow Domino BT M. MOBBIS. + CHAPTER XI.—(CONTINUED.) Three months passed away before Sir Hastings and Lady Warminster took possession of their new home. ' Welcome, dearest wife, to my home,' he said, grasping her hand and putting his lips to her brow. She did not Bhrink away, nor try to free his hand, and he felt his heart beating with the agitation of hope. ' Hastings,' she said falteringly, and with downcast eyes, ' we—we must try and ?et on a little better, and be happy together.- Perhaps we can—now.' ' Oh, Geraldine, if you only knew what such words are tome !' he said, a deep flash comicg on his dark cheek, his eyes glowing down upon her. She looked up, almost startled b„» the emotion on his face. ' I will do my best, Ha*i ingfl ; I have made up my mind to— do it-' She was just ailing enough and weak enough not to be averse for others to ohoose tor l;pr: hut to bin her answer and her tone sounded as if she considered one place i"as as good as another, as it was not likely that she would foel bappy anywlere; and it caused him the first keen disappointment that he had felt since they b'»d tai,en up their abode at ' The Court.' However, ho woulrl tot allow hirapelf to bf> down-hearted about this and feeling really hcpe'nl that the change would be benefioi&i; to bar, he began to make all the neoesaary arrange- ments at once, with evident pleasure and energy. Nothing could be more innocent, and nothioar, as it proved, could have been more unfortunate. She observed h>s anxiety to take her away, his interest in all the details, and it amused her and pleased her then. On the journey to Tenby she was rather quiet and silent, but it was only beoause she was thoughtful and rather self- reproachful. As she watched him that day as they travelled, her mood was tenderer towards 1 <m than it had been sinoe their rupture. After all, she was thinking how good he was, how kind and thoughtful, how persevering in his attentions, and how patient with all her disagreeable moods and tempers. Many another man would have tired of it all long before. He would have ceasci trying to please her, trying to persuade her tbat he loved her; perhaps would have grown cold and angry. Her eyes were closed as she sat in her corner, but he saw that she was not sleeping, and he wondered what her thoughts oould be to make her face look so sweet. ' Here we are, darling,' he said, breaking in upon them suddenly, and iu a moment or two the train stopped. He got out first, helped her, and then she stoad alone for an instant while he went bsck into the compartment for her shawl and rug. It was dusk, somebody passed by her rather too closely, touohed her, begged her pardon, and passed on without observing who she was. At the sound of the voice Geraldine's heart stopped beating. That sentence, hurriedly though politely eaid, was uttered by Mrs Moseley and no other. She felt her face flame with indignation just as her husband joined her. Was this why he chose Tenby of all other places ? This why he had been so eager and so interested ? Could he have known that the Moseleys would be there that autumn ? If so, she thought to herself, paliog as much as she had previously flushed, of what benefit would this sea change lie ? The drive to the hotel was not a long one, but long enough for her to resolve that her tender thoughts had perhaps been premature, and that she would wait and watch a little before unburdening herself of tboBe few words which she had foolishly thoughi were alone needed to make permanent peaoe between them. CHAPTER XII. Time dragged on but slowly at the seaside for Sir Hastings as well as for Lady Warminster, and Sir Hastings was glad to get back to Park Street. * * * One evening, when Sir Hastings Warminster was sitting alone in his house, a telegram was put into his hands. As a role, such things did not render him the least uneasy, but this one he took with a sudden fear at his heart. He tamed psr'e, his fingers trembled, and he broke it open with hesitation. It came from Tenby, and the sender, to his Eurprise, was Stephen Moseley. The words were ffiw, but more than enough, to justify the fear and dread with whioh he had received it. Lady Waririnster has met with an accident. If yom are in London, come at onoe. CHAPTER XIII. Before dawn, Sir Hastings was by his wife's bedside, but no reconciliation oould take place just then, for Geraldine was too ill to heed even her beloved husband. The Ravi had come with him, and from Stephen Moseley they heard an aocount of what had occurred- It appeared the head-waiter at the hotel observed that, although there was a dense fog coming up, Lady Warir'nster had not returned, and he commrnicated the fact to the proprietor. Mr Moseley ohanoed to hear this, and he joined tho party who went to seek her. In bis heart be knew fr'l well that Sir Hastings and Lady Warminster were in sad disunion, and that his wife, Viola, was in some way to blame for it. He said nothing of this then, but Hastings guessed by his manner that he had been glad to do all he oould as atonement for his wife's wrong- doing. They had found Geraldine lower down on the cliff than they had expected, insensible, and with a slight out on her temple. She muat have attempted to reaoh the top, and in the darkness have hit herself against a jagged and projecting piece of stone, and this had caused her to fall. Bnt, with providential mercy, her fall was broken, and instead of being precipitated into .the sea, she fell into a hollow cave below her. Either then, or subsequently, she had tainted, and in that condition they found her. They took her back to tbe hotel, hut feverish symptoms set in at once, and before that night was over her life was in danger. Mrs Eay told her, word for word, as Sir Hastings had told it to her, the whole history of the gquire's mistake and all that it had entailed upon the y outi t,' man Geraldine was so *ileut that Mrs Ray could not tell how she had taken the revelation; ' Poor Hastings!' she said pretently, in a low voice, ' what a terrible position for him- It was good and generous of him not to tell me. Perhaps from him, and just at that moment, it would not have helped us to be happier. Dear papa ! what a painful mistake ! Then Geraldine, as the whole epieode came vividly before her imagination, turned her head away, and over the emaciated countenance from neck to brow a faint dull red arose and spread. She had betrayed her unsought love, then, to her dear father, and he had betrayed it to H'istinkS? Sfce bad been forced upon him, and in that moment of shame and pain she understood well wby Hastings had not told her. He had been too manly and too chivalrous, and "f two evils had chosen in preference to remain, to all appearances, blacker than be wrs. • Dearest Geraldine,' said Mrs Ray, in alarm, ' Histings was right, after all, and 1 ought not to have told you 1 ' But that tr.oment of agony was over, once and for all- She turned her head back, and seemed calm. ' Stoop down and kiss me, Katie. On the contrary, thank you, dear, for telling me. I see that I should never have heard it from him, but it will help us now to start our life again better still than we should have done. As you se'd, that ghost is laid for ever now.' 'She sleeps now, Hastings, so ' ' You have been there an immense time,' ho said jealously. ' Yes ; but I don't think I have done her any harm. You shall see her very Boon. I will go baok and wat^h her, and tell you the instar: she awakes,' she said, g'idly leaving him, for she intended that from Geraldine and not from her he should learn the subject of their conversation. ' Ok, thank you, Katie; you are so good,' be said, brightening and seeing her to the door. Bye and bye, Katie Ray, with quiet footfall slipped out of the sick room cnce more, this time to tell the impatient husband that he oould now go to the dearly-loved wife who had just been snatohed from death. She found him in the passage, where, with agitated breath, he had been waiting for half an hour. A sign was sufficient, and then the door closed with him and he found himself alone with Geraldine. She stretched out her weak i-rms towards him, and he went to her and put them round him, and he held her up against him. ' Oh, my darling!' he said, ' thank Heaven for this moment—for the boon of your life and for the return of your love.' ' My love never went, Hast'ngs ; it was always yours, dearest husband, though I may not have shown it. I have been wrong, unjust, hard. I don't deserve this; you had every right to be angry.' Then, with broken words, she told him all the details of that last day, when he left her in anger- ' Say it, Hastings ; let me hear your dear lips tell me from your heart that you can forgive me. Oh, beloved husband! if you cannot ' ' My darling, my own—you confuse me, pain me* It is not for me to forgive, it is—' 1 It ?V she said, with pitiful eagerness. 1 The past is dead, Hastings, forgotten, forgiven ; it you wish to hear this from me, but for my hardness, for ' ' Beloved wife, oalm yourself and say no more. I forgive you, though Heaven is my witness that I say this to comfort you, and that there is, and never has been, excep f: ng for that brief moment when I left you, anything in my beast against you ; on the contrary, nothing hut love and pity, and infinite yearning for this blessed moment of perfect understanding and unity.' Then he folded her in his arms onoe again, and be felt no shame that a moisture gathered in his eyes and fell m one or two drops on the sweet, tearful faoe upturned to his. • * * Not that day, but a little later, Geraldine told her husband of Katie Ray's revelations to her, and then, seeing something in his faoe, she stopped him from speaking. ' No, Hastings, not a word against her, or to her. She meant well and she did well, and in my heart is everlasting gratitude to her. The story came best from her, dearest;; in fact, you would never have told it to me, probably being too generous and too considerate. Darling papa, it is well that he does not know what, in all innooonce, his mistake brought upon us both.' 'And yet, Geraldine—* he began, searching her eyes. As their glances met, they knew then that neither ol them wonld have had the past nndune. Their love, tkeir happiness, their perfect trust, more than compensated for it all. Not even to ha?e been spared the misunderstandings, the strife, the misery of those last few months would they have been without one another, would they have relinquished the unutterable joy of the present, the peaceful security of the future. TUB END. It was three centuries ago in Florence that the first grand opera was produced. There are nearly 250,000 more men than women in Australia, and in Now Zealand also women are in a minority. Broad-headed horses are the cleverest. In the Household cavalry the horses with broad foreheads learn their drill more quickly than the others. P Even the Japs appreciate the value of rinter's ink. The Mikado's Government as appropriated £8,000 to be expended in advertising in America the merits of Japanese tea. Glass bricks are being made extensively abroad. They are blown with a hollow oentre containing rarefied air, and nra said to be as strong and durable as clay bricks, while freely admitting light. There are said to be more windows in France than in any other country. King Oscar of S weden resembles Mr Gladstone iu his ability as a tree-chopper. Sweden is famed for its splendid pine trees, and nothing delights its ruler more thun to spend a whole day levelling some giant of the woods to the ground. The Grand Duke of Saxe-Weimar is said to he the wealthiest Prince in Germany. His wife, wbo was his first cousin, and, like himself, a grandchild of the Cz.r of Russia, brought him a dower of £4,000,000, in addition to vast estates in different parts of Europe. His private income is not overestimated at £2,000 a day. Wixon : ' Some men are so ungrateful.' Dixon: ' YeR, I think I have heard it remarked before. But what's the trouble with you just now ?' Wixon: • I sent my boy up to Fedler's to borrow his lawr-mower, and he told the boy that wa kept the mower all last summer, and he didn't proposes ts let it go out of his hands this year. And just think of the hard work I saved Fedler last summer by keeping that awn mower at my house!' An excellent powder for polishing brass is made of whiting to which is added onethird of emery powder. The powder should be moistened with methylated spirit and applied to the brass. Polish afterwards with dry writing and a chamois leather 