Gritless' Adams ' Gritless' Adams was a cockney— a pronounced one. He was also a coward. When the real work began and the rifles spoke and the bullets came singinto the huts, the liable Cockney, ' Gritless ' Adams, gave up all pretensions to martial glory, forsook his rifle, to the considerable relief of his mates, and found handy jobs in looking after the wounded and making the endless succes^on of sandbags that were stuffed into the breeches for the gun practice of the Boers At this latter work he was particularly good. I served my toime to a jobbin' tyler,' he said. * In New Cross it was. Lumme, that was abaht the stritest toime I ever seed. Wish I'd stuck ter hit. Wiges poor but i - eg'lar—wittles not luckshurous, but .reg'lar. 'Ere nuffin's reg'lar but starvation and bad luck. We ain't even reg'lar sojers, only bloomin' wolunteers.' The Lieutenant wanted a volunteer to get- through with a despatch. All were willing, and then the youngster, swelling with pride and anxious to remind himself how very inferior Gritless Adams' was to himself, said : Gritless Adams' does know the country. Let's persuade him to so!' There-was a laugh, cut short by the whistle of a round shot, at which the youngster curled up on the ground. Then they saw the Lieutenant and the little Cockney coming towards them deep in conversation. ' Boys,' said the Lieutenant,' Adams has volunteered to take a message through to Delagoa, and wire it from there. It is a brave offer.' The men stared at each other in open-mouthed astonishment. Then they looked at the little man, nervously gazing out at the white splashes where the Boers where firing desultorily, starting at the reports, twitching with^ nervous terror, pale as a ghost, and they roared again. It certainly was funny. The little coward going to do this thing ? It was absurd! . The Lieutenant frowned. ' He'll go through with it, if any man can. He's no end plucky' Then he turned on his heel and left them. ' Whort bloomin' gime's this, Adams V asked the big man. ' 'Tisn't a gime, leastwise not ter me, nohow. I'ts serious. Yer see, I knows the wye pretty well, as I knows the wye ter the Mile End Road. So I orfc ter go.- ' But you, * Gritless Adams,' they'll shoot yer if they cotch yer.' ' S'pose they will.' The little Cockney visibly squirmed. "' Ain't yer funky at all f 1 Funky ain't the word fer it. I ain't a nero. I'm a bloomin' whitelivered coward. I feel sick, my stummick's a-'eavin', but 'ang me Fm going' through with this. Cos why? Cos I've got a gel a'll be praoud of me— speshully hif they publishes my fortygraf in 'Lloyds.' Besides, I'm a little beggar, an' can slip through places you couldn,t Jim. They'll 'ave ter 'ave skinned eyes ter see mie. I ain't goin ter run no extry risks, you bet.' That night 'Gritless Adams' sneaked out in the dark, tripped and stumbled over the stretched wires, wormed his way very quietly for a hundred yards, and then stopped and looked back. He felt very lonely and very frightened. The black shadow of the fort looked far away, the night was heavy and dark, and he suddenly realised more fully than ever what he was doing. For a moment the temptation to return and give up the dangerous document was almost irresistible. He shook in every limb. The weeping willows, very shadowy in the dark, were Boer sentries to him ; danger and death were everywhere except in the huts in the rear. He felt Ms determination giving way. So great was the temtation to turn round and bolt that to conquer it he threw himself on the ground. 'If I goes back, it'll git in the pipers, an' Mary'll knaow whort funk I am. Think whort it'll be wen she sees that I've be-ived loike a nero. Whoy all the customers'!! be praoud ter be served by her. An' the tips Blest hif I go back !' He got up, still very shakily, and moved forward cautiously, feeling for the revolver he would be afraid to use, and handling the big clasp knife Jim had given him at parting, with a caution to beep it open, as it ' wur bloomin' 'ard ter hopen, bein' a bit 5 rusty at the 'inge.' Slipping and stumbling he moved on. He had taken great care to find out where the Boers were posted, and had discovered that at one point a single mounted sentry kept watch on a slight prominence. The Boer tethered his horse a little behind him, and generally paced his time through on foot, save when he was asleep. 'Gritless' Adams clung to the idea of the sleeping sentry. If he could steal up to the horse, mount it and get away, he felt that he would be a long way to safety. He was Hearing the sentry, and his heart beat furiously, whilst his knees shook so much that he near]}- fell. Fear had got hold of him, and he was shaking like a leaf in a breeze, but he gritted his teeth together and stumbled on ever in the direction of the Boer. Presently he came to the foot of the little incline, and there he dropped on hands and knees, and crawled upwards stealthily, laceratinghimself with the sharp stones. Suddenly he was aware of someone moving above him The perspiration poured off him, and his limbs almost refused to move. The sentry was awake, and keeping watch. Doggedly he crawled upwards, stifling a groan at every yarJ, and fighting stubbornly with the fear that was gripping his heart. Ten yards above him the Boer" -was smoking and lazily stretchiug his arms. Suddenly a noise came from the Boer camp, an undetermined noise, indefinite,, undefined. The sentry paused and turned slowly in its direction. Gritless' Adams saw it, his chance, and shuddered. Then a vision of the tow-haired goddess of the New Cross eating-house flashed across his brain. He lossened the clasp knife in his belt and drew it out quickly. Then silently he rose and'sprang upon the Boer. He was a little half-staxved man, and s no match for the stalwart Afrikander, but everything was in favor of H the one surprised. He sprang upon B his shoulders, and in an instant, before a cry could escape the sentry, the blade of the 'knife was drawn swiftly across the man's throat. When the sentry shivered and fell the little Cockney fell with him. For a moment he lay prone, hardly realising that his enemy was dead. When he did he was half horrified at his act. He was a peaceful, good-hearted little beggar, and it was the first time a man had died under his hand. Then, with a groan, he rose and scrambled towards the tethered horse, cut its bonds, mounted, and rode away. A wild, adventurous ride brought him to Delagoa, and the message was sent. In New Cross there is a fresh eating house, and the proprietor is 'Gritless Adams,' and his wife—a woman named Mary—is convinced that "the world has known no greater hero than her husband. 