CHAPTER XXIX. A BAFFLED MAN. With thoso last words,. Philip made a low obeisance, and was' gone from' the room almost before Lady Elaine could collect her scattered, astonished senses. But his white, agonised face. Ins trembling, pallid lips,--luB siip>pressed tones, and the convulsive heaving .of; his chest, haunted her the whole night through. Sho could not sleep; but lay tossing restlessly upou her .pillow hour • after hour. „ She reproached herself over and-over again for the harsh and scornful - lan guage .which she had used to him, and felt condemned for having manifested so much aversion and so little Christian charity. Yet-, when she reviewed all .. Arlcy’s sad story, she could not -feel that any thing, however severe, was too bad to say to the author of her misery. - Ho deserved to bo deeply humiliated, if it was possible for him to experience any such feeling. His treatment of Arloy had been too shamofui, too heartless and repronon sible to be ever forgiven; yet, theno had -been one redeemable tiling, in'his con fession of his lovo for hor. And still what sort of love could it bo that could neglect and ignore a sick and almost dying wife-—that could turn a cold shoulder and a deaf car to her every need and appeal, leaving her to the. questionable mercy of strangers in a foreign country. Sho was beset and harassed with con flicting omot-ions—first with pity and sorrow for Ins cridontly awakened and smarting conscience, then" with hot in dignation and scorn for what- ho had done. The next morning sho told Lady, Hamilton that sho was going on a little' crip out of London; that sho should take her maid, and bo gone a couple of aays, perhaps longer. Lady Hamilton questioned her as to tho object of her journey, and sho evasively replied that it was something in connection with Jane Collins. Sho took the afternoon train for Portsmouth, that famous seaport town, which is the home of so many captains and men who follow tho ocean. She feared that it might be but a “wild-goose chase” that- she was bent upon, and sho was somewhat oppressed with the weight of her mission; but sho felt that it was one of vital importance, and sho had resolved to leave no stone unturned until she had accomplished it, or the hope of its accomplishment should be utterly blasted. Sho was in search of the captain of that vessel—the Black Swan, Jano Col lins told her was tho name of it—which had ^picked up that unhappy father and mother so many years ago, after being wrecked on their return from India, and' who might prove—rb-inra barely possible —to be Alley's parents. : Sho took a room in 0110 of the hotels upou arriving at Portsmouth, aud after a few honrsf rest-, set- diligently about her inquiries. Sho was more successful than she dared to -hope sho should be, for sho found that Captain Couway—tho former commander of tho Block Swan—was woll known, since his homo had been in that city for many years. He was old and infirm now, sho was told, and had given up a seafaring life and settled down in his cosy homo to spoud the remainder of his days with his good wife and children. Lady Elaine’s object in coming to him was to leani* if possible,, tho name of the couple whom he had rescued, and also the uaine of tho vessel ou which they had sailed from India; and haring obtained his address sho drove directly to his house. Sho was told upon her arrival that tho old sailor was quito sick, but upon : sending word to him what the. nature of her errand was, he said lie would gladly seo her and relate to her all that ho know regarding the sad circum stances to which she referred. Sho became quite nervous and ex cited while the servant was conducting ■her to his chamber—she had hoped so much from this interview, and now she began fear lost it should amount to nothing. Wo may not go with her into that sick chamber, for wo cannot know, just yet, tho nature of tho conference which followed; but when the fair Lady of Mordaunt came forth again, her lovely face was flushed and her eyes swollen with weeping, and yet there was a smile of ineffable tenderness and happiness wreathing her sweet lips. As she took her seat in the carriage to bo driven away, another hurst of tears ovorpowored hor, but it soon passed, and sho looked liko some lonely flower refreshed after a shower. “Arloy, Arloy my darling, if every-, thing proves to bo ns I havo reason to hope, aud if I can only find you,” sho murmured in such a tender, yearning voice, “you need ho nameless no longer; and, oil! how glad I am that I,can bo tho 0110 to bring these blcssod tidings to you.” After leaving Liuly Elaine.. _PUiliji;: Puston Tuslied ~TOHtnyr-froni**-'the- Uotoiy' and, hastening to bis lodgings, buried himself in his own. .rooms. Throwing liimsolf prouo upon his bed, jusb as ho was, lie spent tho night ill: an agony of remorse, such as a thor-r, oughly awakened guilty conscience " is" alone capable of, and ns he afterward confessed, “in hating himself with -all his might.” Morning found him wan and haggard-, but with a better light in his eye than had shone thoro for many a long month. “Is my manhood or my honour all gone?” he groaned, as ho arose and looked at himself in the glass, and won dered if it could be possible tint ho was the same being that- he had been two years bofore, when, with a light heart and a clear conscience, he had worked from morning till uiglit, his chief aim being to- build up a praot-ico of which lie should he proud, and to be ablo to say in future years, as lie looked back from a high position in the world: “Seo to what I have attained by my own efforts and my integrity!” But how he had been tempted, and to what depths had lie fallen! Pride and passion, evil thoughts and wrongdoing had left their full impress upon him, and the better nature whioh had been stirred within him shrank from the face which looked forth upon [ him. “How I have warped aud denied my I self!” ho pursued. “Can I ever be come a good mail again? I can never ho'po for pardon—I can never hope for ’happiness'again. But oh, if I might but bridgo over tho slough in which I have wallowed, pass to the other side and begin anew—if there is any other side for me,” ho added, wearily. “What a fool I have been!” ho con tinued, fiercely, as, with clenched hands and a stern, set face, he paced tho room back and forth, like some enraged wild beast; ‘‘how she must despise me —how her vory tones ran with con tempt and aversion! I wonder if the torments of tho lost can bo any worse than what I suffered last night, as I stoo,d before, that' pure and beautiful 1 woman, feeling myself to be liko somo hideously... doformed wretch, soiled,, blackened and'-' defiled' through and through.” ; ‘‘Arloy! Arley!” lie suddenly cried out,' in an"intense, remorseful tone; ‘'how could I ever have been such; a knavo? ‘ I- know -now what I' hare lost. I have known, it all along, but I .havo beamunad, wild,-demonized-. Ah! I shall never forget how sweetly your voice sounded- when you stood beside mo. in tho court-room in Madrid, and urged me not-to ‘wasto. my life thus’— to 'be tho truo-hcartcd man you be lieved mo to bo when you first Knew me,’ and begged mo so earnestly . *P i-diito’ .back' to England" with ybllv ’ Oil, , why—why was I so blind and hardened that I would not heed you ? But it is too late now. I have lost you for ever, though your gontlo entreaties will ring in my ears as long as I live. Oh, fool, idiot, that I havo been!” All day long tho wretched man bat tled with,himself—with the. evil spirit, tha stubborn will and pridp that had so long ruled him with such, arbitrary power. All day long he was alter nately besieged with anger at his folly and remorso and grief over his ruined life. ' Having, once again realised and ac knowledged his love for Arley, there had come into his heart such a pas sionato longing for her, such a wild, despairing regret over tho affection which he had scorned and trampled upon, as bowed tho strong man like a toed laid prostfato by some fierce1 tem pest. . Night coming on again fouocl him ex hausted, and his worn-out nature suc cumbed to a deep and dreamless slum ber, which steeped his senses in grate ful ohlmdri until far into the hours of another day. " Almost like a ghost of himself look ed I’hiiip Paxton when he at last arose and dressed. For more than thirty six hours he had not- tasted food or drink, and be was weak and trembling as an habitual drunkard who has bcou deprived of his accustomed stimulants. :! But there was a new purpose m his face, which was grave to sternness, while his lips and eyes were resolute. ;■ Jdo went to a eoffee-houso and break fasted, then, to his old chambers—Gray’s inn—which had been so long deserted. . Ho spent the day in putting them in order, and tho next morning the Jbon oon ‘'Times’’ contained a notice calling attention to the fact that ‘‘Philip Pax ton, attomey-at-iaw, bad returned from abroad, and was prepared to resume •his business.” ■ That be had been a good lawyer was proved- by his former patrons at once patronising him-, until within a week ho nad amplo work, and t-lio idle, disso lute man of six months previous was pending evory energy to the task which he had imposed upon himself. A month after this good beginning ho might havo been seen writing far mt-o tho night-, while his pale faoo, com pressed lips and troubled brow told that .do was engaged upon no pleasant work; and when at last' it was finished, ho threw down bis pen and lay back in ins chair with a sigh that was almost/ a.groan. . / '-ii’liat ho had written will bo tout* next week.-r - v (To bo continued.) \ 