POLITICAL PIPS Jlr Iiosina (in Quccnlund Parliament) — I am not in t'uvor of sm;»ll screws, ~i.lv Griruos.' Jjikjj Itudyjivtl Kipling, I bc liovu a littlo bit of screw will tlo wonders with billiards or with men. I think if there's any scrow that wants retrenching in ihisHousu it's the corkscrew. (Luugh ter). Mr Hosu — If lurge states of America, after having fifty goafs' ox]-crienco of the result of woinomiooil. sull'ratje in four states of the Union, refused to adopt it, and bod t a lady to speak on behalf of an enormous majority against, it, does not that f net ov-ivwei™h tho argnment that two or three littlo states in Australia Imvo in troduced womanhood suffrage behind tlio ducks or j-copiu t xnu iauu nini- ouulu Australia, and New Zealand with her peculiar conditions have adopted woman hood suffrage is no argumont i!or tho adop tinn of the principle by New South Wales. Mi Itose — I do not think so. AVo have the testimony of bir Joseph Abbott that thoie is more sly grog- selling in Now Zea lind than in an3' other of the Austrttlian colonies — It is represented to ho greater in proportion to tho population of the colony tl an it is in any part of tho world. Mi R . D. Mcughcr — Aro tho women slj grog- sollors ? [ hi this colony a fair per cmtigc are, Mr Moaghor. — Ed.] Mi Measlier — The man who walks daily wmy miles into' his place of business in oi du to save punny tram fare is the man who is making a, heroic attempt, in my estimation, in the building up of society, and ho should enjoy tho good opinion of ?ill those who respect that which is heroic. But what about the heroines who live out then lives in byo-strocts and alloys with a lew shillings a week upon which to keep tho house going, while tho husband too frequently squanders tho greater part of hisc miings in tho gin palace? We find thco heroines under our complex system of civilisation in ovory big city in tho world. We do not want to turn to the pages of Mario Corelli on to works of romanco in the Freo Public Library. Wo have heroines of flesh and blood who, like angels unawares, brush pait us in the street. Mi Donaldson— The hon. member for Bligh division almost brought tears to our eyes as ho pointed out the way in which a woman has to scrub and wash clothes, and led us to infer that as soon as she is enfran chised she will be placed in a different sphere. A woman will have to attend to hor household duties, I presume, just as closely after she has voted as she did be fore, unless she means hor husband to take ahandin that sort of thing, and I suppose wo should rebel against doing that. I can not see how tho franchise is going to el ovatea woman's position or make her one bit better olf than she is. I have knock ed about a bit .and spokoti to well-to-do women and poor women on this question, but in all my tvuvols I never mot a woman who asked me to support the bill. I have met scores of women who said to mo, 'if v ou voto for tho bill you ncod never come back amongst us again.' If I could bo shown that the bill will olovate the posi tion of women, or place her in a botter bphoie, I am prepared to bo converted. ' Mr Hose — In New York only one-tenth of the population wanted womanhood suf frage, and the two houses passed a resolu tion in Now York States, forbiding the question of womanhood srilrrago ever to bo discussed in the lcgitsliituro. Mr K. D. Meaghcr— It does not suit drunken louts who hare votes ! Mi Rofo— If there aio drunken male louts, are there not drunken female louts '/ Tho hon. member tries to make out that thore aro drunkards on tho sidos of the males, but not on tho bides of the females. I s.ij that thore are impuro women as well as impure men. In New York they have a LllgO porccntngo o£ bad vouiui, VS'hUwt, tho hon membor is indignant ut drunken mdlolouts go ..ling.- tho.. right to vote.xho does not object to drunken women .hav ing voles. ' ?? Mi Meaghcr— I suppose the sacrodness oi ballot voting free from intimidation is one of the groatiefdrin's for preserving con stitutional freedom, and Iho Australian ballot which is an admirable one, 'was adop ted nithosiateof Wyoming whovo female suftiage exists, and that was tho first stato of the American Union to deal with tho question of shortening the hours of labour. Uhofirsbsinto to prevent tho employment of child labour in factories was that 'state, Tvhoie.thc mother has tho right of formu 1'ititlg tho legislation. I say .now that I could not pose as a democrat, belioving in lights for all and privileges for none, if I could for a momont classify the. mothers of the country, thoso who at Iho fireside blupo tho national eharaclor, with the uimiuals and idiots of tho community. Mi Stewart (in Queensland Parliament) — Wo don't havo a Tyson die ovory day in Quencsland. Mi Philp — Unfortunately we don't. Mi Stewart — The hon. the Promiorsays 'Uufortunalolynot.' I only wish old Ty FOii's ghost could riso from his grave and boo how tho birds of prey aro gathered loundhis fortune. Mi Brown— The lawyers tiro all thcro. Mi Donaldson — I believe tho second i e iding of tho bill will bo carried ? by a majority of two to ono, but I know the moti\os which will induce lion, members tovofojin its favour. They see that wo manhood suffrago is coming in all ihe col onies, and they are desirous of being able to sayhcroaftor that thoy voted' ou tho iKfht side. They roeogniso with myself that womanhood suffrage is inovitablo, but if I were tho only one to sinnd up hero against this bill to-night, I would do so. I Iiavonpthingiogainby taking this atli tudo, in i'ac: I mny havealofc.to lose by op posing this bill against granting ihe fran chise to women. Mi Gormly— Thero is a p'aco between Taicutta and Wagga Wagga where a road goes through a solection which rnns back from the river for about a milo. That load was originally tho main road, but it is now leased to tho holder of ono of tho largest pastoral estates in tho district, and a gito has been erected upon it, and any ono opening that gate would bo liablo to prosocutiou for trospossing on tho land. The road has been open for ovor forty, j eiri, and Was used for a main coach road foi about thirty years.' It may bo said that the stato gets revenue for this land; but Why should roads bo opbnod and then bo loased to tho pastoralisfs so that tho public cannot uso them? In most places you cannot go fishing in the Miurumbidgeo without asking tho per mission of tho pastoralist, and getting the koy of tho paddock-gato. Mi Gormly— Men who carry their swags ahould not bo compelled to go along a b ick road 20 or 30 milos out of thoir way without water. They should be allowed to go along tho banks of the river and camp in tho shady places: Tho closing of tho loads affects' every portion ', of tho community. It artects iho man travelling with his buggy and pair, tho man travell ing with his swag and water-bag, tho man ti.n oiling with stock, and tho man driving liistoam. All Uie.roads which havo boon sui v pyed, and which belong to Iho state should either bo 'open or mado available in such a way that the poople uro able to uso them. Some yuvns about the lato James Tyson lire beiutj told at (he hearing of the big lawsuit now going on over his nfiiiurs in Qneouslnnd. A. B. Stew art, a eonl merchant, and formerly -a steward on the Katoombii, a coastal steamer running between Sydney and Brisbane, said Tyson iikocI to niako trips to both cities under the assumed names of Smith, Stokes or Walker. Tyson was asked why ho did this, and he replied that it was to prevent his name being telegraphed to Brisbane or Sydney before ho arrived thero. On oiie occasion, while voyaging to Sydney, Tyson nsked the chief engin eer of the Katoomba to have a drink. The engineer called for ginger-ale. Tyson decided to haye tho same, but I thought one botllo enough ' for two of them, and split it. The engineer resented this, and told Tyson to take the lot. Witness, who sorved the drink, charged Tyson Is., as for two drinks. Tyson loudly protested that ho had been charged Gd too much, and finished tip by reporting the matter to the captniii. Tyson generally wore a bootlace for his watch-chain, and on one occasion wlien he weut to the Queensland Club somebody offered him '£6 for the ' chain,' but, strange to say, he refused to part with it. Co-operation has proved of such iu cstimablu value to farmers on tho Con tinent of Europe that hundreds of so cieties have been formed for the pur pose of tuoro economically 'cultivating the soil, and for improving tho me thods of stock breeding. .In Switzer land and Franco societies have been formed during recent years for breed ing pure stock. Some 15... or 20 per sons in a parish combine to purchase a pure bred bull, which becomes their collective property. A herd book is openedtoand each member is expected to register for service the name of at least one breedirg cow of pure blood, recognised as such by a committee of experts. The finest of calves thus procured are inscribed in the herd book as breeding animals— the others are sold. .?'?????' 