SAFATHERS WILL i DER ~N M:ISTR-??SS:. j CHAP2TER II (cotsriNil). si$ this Iithe''only settlelsent. to which- you" will" consent. O'Shea ? SDavid Hirtle. asked, in' an" anxious t"'olte' "I'w?ieai'did 'nordream that ou cared.forthe girl " " . I'did 'ni t!"'O'Shea's smooth, oily voice made Myra wince. - "I 'have never felt-the slightest ihterest in her, one way or" another, -until' to-day. Hate you never heard of such a thing as being won by negative virtues ? of being attracted byrepellent forces ? I never gave Myra Hartley a serious thought; and I came here to-day, in tending fully to try and get loose from this foolish entanglement, if that had been possibe, but you know the diffi culty. I was prepared to settle that money matter with you in the mstr omtdgb?' mansr.' But s I have met her again, the little 'vixen !'and, I declare, Hartley, I admire her more than I have ever admired a woman in my life before, and I am determined to make her my wife! This paper, in my possession, shall be destroyed upon the day that Myra Hartley marries Sme: otherwise-well, you know the alternative It will beggar you, Hart ley,just'at this crisis in'your financial affaira." But the money I'must hiar.e "Luncheoh i" announced a servant at the'librarydoor. The two men arose "and left the room together, and neicither of them notcd' the little grey robed figure just outside' the windows,' standing like:.a marble statue, where .those' words of Tristram O'Shea had transfixed -her: And then Pale intervened in "the shape of the south wind.. It wandered in 'at the open; Window, fluttered" about among the papers which Hartley and O'Shea had left upon the desk, and, suddenly lifting a written sheet, wafted it through the casement and deposited it upon the ground it Myra's feet.' A moment later she had captured it, and was about to toss it back 'through the open window, when- these words' met her gaze : " .Lo,ooo. " One year from date I 'promise to pay Tristraimi O'Shei'twenty thousanhd pounds sterling, for.value received. " EwrEST HARiLEYi. Ravenswood, Parramatta, \- -' Septebe Ist; 18s. Ace os fe back ofthe note was the name of David Haitley as endorser; while below, still in David ,Hartley's well-known hand, the date only. few days previous to ther death, these words : ' . hand of' my daughter, Myra Hartley,i in marriage, the said marriage to take place on her nineteenth, birthday. : Exxasr HAITLEY. And just below : "March'8th, 8;-. S " S Taisrnuwa O'Sue." She stood-there like one suddenly, deprived of life-stricken blind ands dumb before the suddenhorror of this unespected blow. She could neither: move nor speak. The blood surged in her brain; 'her" heart throbbed so tnuiultOuisisly that she thought it was going to burst. "'-She tuirned with a swift, angry ges tare, 'and, crumpling the paper 'into a" ball-the papei which contained that 'dastardly bargain- flung it wrathfully back' into- the library, and hastened away. She-then went into the house and went through the forms of eating, and drank a'cup of coffee; and then announced:-herself ready to go. -A hasty hbit affectionate farewell to Mrs Rice. the housekeeper, and Myra fol 16wed her uncle out into the sunshine to where the 'cariage -stood ?waiting, the baggage-having-gone on before. Somebody-else stood waiting also, and Myra's heart cohtracted with a deadly: pang as her eyes- fell upon Tristram O'Shea. He: started forward to assist her into the carriage, but she shrank from his touch, "Say good-bye, Myra," holding out his firm, white hand "Good.bye;' with the greatest of ,leasure,"- she returned, icily.- 'Andd "hen'her'eyes fell upon the old house, "-..slh-om-e:likae'tai-: r :."ldsasai"oo-ti- \- "'Gaol-by,;;dea "old Ravenswoosd," thehalf' sobbed.."' "- -: t "- "7Biut O'Shea seemed determiniidthat she should leave some: sign of 're \- tenting. - " You .do not' hate me, do you, Myra e" he pleaded eagerly, in a low, earnest tone. Her eyes swept his tall, elegant figure with a glance of superb scorn. " I have already expressed my opinion of you; Mr OShea;" she said, in a slow frigid voice. " I have only one remark to add : I have seen the bill of sale-the shameful contract between papa and'you. If I could have despised you more thoroughly thar before- " She stopped short, ,ale and panting. lie was cringing before'her like a travetn. - w under his breath he stifled an cxcration. This was some tling for which he had not -bren -pre I l:d And %hile he stood there sprechlerss'and motionless the coach !lan whip,lpd.up1 the horses and the .crriage .,llred away, and he stood " ' z',g afthr it with eyes full of disap \- lruma,ent; anger,' ,nd clhagint. - 1, d luck !" he aj.culated "slarl) i as f -turr, d upis;n .is Iel: aedd.rc i.t rid. t l.,u-e' ,? e m?'acierd ll',-: .,t sta sat-.. . .sa tract-smoothedit carefully out, and pdtt t away. in his note-book, a drk frown:ispon his brow, his lips- tightly compressed. Beautiful, ,wilful little *itchl I will win her yet. My. chinces are not altogether hopeless. David Hardy is the indorser of the note. Be iss good: for the money, but he is asi.close in money matters as any old miser,'and it would be like taking his life to force him to pay the sum. A tidy little sur it is too. It will cripple the Hartley finances irretrievably just now.. I would not give a penny for the old man's future prosperity if be is forced to pay this money. -And he knows it, and that is the secret of his 'rediness to help me. Let me see: this is the first week in April,"and'the note will ibe due the third'day of September. 'A great deal-can hapeo. in .theetime.lt. Ah ! if Mr Tristram O'Shea could only have, known how much would` take place within that interval? Thus, then. Myra left the home where "she had passed most of- the years of her childhood. As has been remarked,'her father, during his life time, had never, shown her any real affection, and since the death of. Mrs Hartley the motherless girl had found in-Mrs Rice (the'old housekeeper) the oily true friend about the place: For any.who knew anything of .the girl there could hardly fail to be ex perienced the- conviction that Myra was worthy of 'their regard and affc tion. She was. impulsive by nature, but she possessed 'many- admirable traits of character; which if rightly de veloped. go to the making of a true and estimable woman. She was firm and unswerving in her belief of truth and complete rectitude of word and act, and all-that bordered on the un real or the false in.the slightest degree was detestable to her. , Young as she was, she nevertheless had fairly gauged Mr Tristram O'Shea. She could never feel the least approach of affection for him. andto marry him under any cir cumstances could never be. Especially now thait she had become acquainted with the fact of the cruel arrangement her dead father hid made as to her disposal --now indeed anarriage with this man was an utter impossibility. Now she'had- bidden farewell to Ravenswood: never more' would she rbim'harpily and contentedly through the lovely- dales of tle .most richly wooded part of Parramatta. That was nbw a thing of the past. And what-'was before her in the jhousei- which was in North' Sydney. She had never cared for either Mrs David Hartley or for that lady's dauighter, Blanche, Nor was she to be blamed for this, seeing that both mother and daughter had tastes wholly atvariance with- her own. - Myra-was oine who enjoyed God's world and the innocence and beauty of Na'ure herself, and could .'experience feelings and thoughts of-a far - more ennobling kind than those which engrossed her aunt and Blanche;. whole whole aim in life seemed to be pleasure, and nothing but pleasure - which pleasure they tried to extract in doing all they could to keep pace with what is called Society. For. many a night after her arrival at St Elm-a beautiful' place enough, nestling as it were and overlooking the beautiful harbour - poor Myra - had cried herself to sleep. Her life seemed to be so different from what: it had been, and she was continually annoyed by her uncle's constantly reminding her that her marriage withTristram O'Shea would have to take place. About a fortnight after her arrival at her u'ncle's a grand ball took place,'and io this Myra had been looking forward with some little hope that it might af ford her both diversion and pleasure. The night of this ball arrived at last. - She dressed carefully for the occa siori. She attired herself in a becoming gown of soft, gauzy black, cut square in the neck, and ' with sleeves which displayed her round white arms. She looked quite stately as shetripped down the stairs'and went out into the grounds erected outside thehouse, -the gardens were beautifully illuminated with China lanterns arranged for the occasion in various artistic ways amidst the foliage. A brilliant scene was revealed as the beautifully-attired members of her own sex flitted'about in company with the regulation dress-suit of the men, while here and there gorgeous dress military uniforms made an attractive variation to the glossy black coats of the others present. And then the music burst forth into seductive melody, and the dancing commenced. Myra wandered down through the spacious grounds away-from the merry crowd, and after a time, quite tired out, sank down upoin a rustic seat beneath a tall live-bak - She was out of range of the Chinese lanterns, but the moon was shining brightly, and by its radiant light she saw the figure of a man coming straight towards her-a grace(ul well- knit figure "with handsome, clear cut features,'laughing grey eyes, and a silky brown moustache. :He came deliberately over to where'she was sit tiuig, oand Myra started with a cry of -recognition. A mbmont later and he "had hers hand in his, aud said in a whtspcr' t1 knew that I was not mfiistakein ! So odd iha't we sholid meet again here .nld nos is .ii Iim tO introduce mjselt iI-. am',Charlie-,- Charlie, O 'Shea, t you .. He.seatedhimselfcoolly by,herside! and-, time went-by--on golden wings Two whole hours-tiwo delightful hours L-wenit-by;' Miira unmissel -alas! who was there to miss or mourn her ? ansd Charlie believed to have been sud denly called away. But the pleasant interview came to a close at, last, and thIe new-formed friends separated. .-TMyra re-entered the house, stole up to her own rodom unobserved, and re tired, but not to sleep. She .had too much to occuipy her thoughts, as she turned and tossed on her, white bed, while before'iser memory th?ere flashed persistehtly` a handsome 'face 'anid laughing grey eyes which haunted her .with their tender light. • And so at last morning stole in at the window and ushered in the nhew day that day whichiwas destined to be both dark and woeful for her. For-the. morning, light ý revealed a gruesomespectacle-a something which Myra could never forget. 'CHAPTER III.` A-:i? R TiHE BALL. ..ltrya went klowly.downstairs and. en ereidithe. bieakfast-roon. Irwasa qucie empty, so shd had it all to herself. i- Sse went over to the open window and stood gazing out upon the grounds, not yet .recovered from- the effects of last night's dissipation. " It's a shame to spoil the garden so completely just for one night's amuse ment." - She expressed her opinion aloud, and it reached the ears of David Hartley. Jnst outside the window he was- smok ing a matutinal cigar. His face looked wan and troubled in the bright; search ing sunlight He turied his head idly, and a shadow darkened his face. " Ah ! good morning, Myra," he ob served, coldly. ' "Glad to know that someone is up at last. 'hese horrid late hours are enough to affect anyone's health, and turning night into day p'ays mischief with a man's constitution no matter how sound. Well, Myra, I trust that you have found inclination to con sider that matter of business ?" She started uneasily. Alas ! would he never let her rest ? Must she be an noyed from morn to dewy eve with this ugly.question staring her persistently in the face--this question which she has answered--but which David will not coisideirdisposed of? ' "What business, . Uncle David ?" she asked, sharply. David shrugged his shoulders. "Doin't attempt to play innocence !" he returned, grimly. - " You know that I refer to Tristram O-Shea" - "Trisirain O'Sheal Tristram O'Shea indeed !"I"haivethe verysoind 'of' his name! 'Miist'I be hlaunted by it at every turn? Wherever 1 go must I be confronted with a dark-faced Tristram O'Shea, who c&insiders; 'me his pro p, P.,4d go s}onder.. since he holds David Hartley started violently, with.a rtiitered.exzecratio'n which he prudeintly` stilpressed.-' How' in the world did this girl, ever learn of the existence of that 'paper which he caitnot hide from himself? - ''-VlVat.do you mean ?" he. stam mered. ' You. are .using, stiong language, Myra-rather strong." "It requires strung language to do justice to the situation," she returned coldly. " Uncle Dtrvid, 1 have seen the note which, my father-my own father "-oh. the scorn in.- that sweet, ringing voice !--" signed and. you- en dorsed. Oh, shame upon - such man hood- such parodies upon gentlemen! And ten thousand times more shame ful is the conduct of the man who has made himself a party to the transac tion! Tristram O'Shea is too vile to merit a woman's consideration. Now, Uncle David, let us drop this subject for good and all. .I am heartily tired of it, and you are convinced by. this time that it -is of no use-no earthly use ! I will never marry Tristrai. O'Shea-never; never !" David- Hartley started -up, nearly knocking his chair over as he did so. Never in all her short -life had Myra seen •.himn so angry, so fearfully,' terribly angry.' His eyes gleamed like steel points, his strong frame trembled with wrath. "You :shall !" he hissed shrilly from between -his set teeth. " Ifyra, you forget'that I ant implicated in this matter. I- do not see how I ever allowed myself to be drawn into sich a vorteix, but Ernest possessed a smooth tongue and he wheeled me into it -somehw..?AndLthen- besides- doq -he, your father, knew of a little business transaction of mine which I desired to keep secret, and he stipu. lated that the only terms upon which it should remain a secret were that I should endorse this note which O'Shea holds." Your father at the time was engaged in certain speculations. He had borrowed the money from O'Shea with which to commence operations, and there was every prospect of suc cess.: He would have succeeded, I am confident, only he was taken away so suddenly. So you see, Myra, the matter lies sn a nutshell. I must pay the money and be ruined, my home sold, my wife and children become beggars.- For, although twenty thou sand pounds'is not so very large a sum, there are reason--good reasons -why ]juist now the loss of it would prove disastious tome. I have made all this ubpleasant explanation, Myra, and now yon will see that there is no course in all humanity left you but obedience to your father's will." SThe beautiful eyes flashed omin ously. ':: ",My father's will was of a nature, unfortunately, that does not. demand obediencei- from a child. I have alieady'told you that I inill never i?irry Tristram G'ShIea if myyvery life depended ipon it, I would not, and-I could notl' -- :I . ! ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ r ,:: " "-:-_: •2?.;-, .=." 'Wohy should you, hate this man? It is unreasonable,-surely.' " Hate him ? Well, sulppose I do and p rhaps I do; ina crtain sersr. And then. she-added, c.aluily: "T. hate properly, you know, sir, the p.r son must bI at least of some earth') consequence.' Now, I consider Mr. Tristrai. O'Shea as a being of no con sequence in .the.world to me.- I hav complete contempt. for him-in a word, I tell yenu -I cannot-atid wil. never.marry.him. My. nind. is ,full made up... You may do .your best ict induce me to-yield, but it will be al Wasted time and energy on your pat I tell you, uncle, Iam williig.to be .a gopd, and obedient. girl, and to -a knowledge your authority as a guardian,. but I:draw the line: at tyranny. .Shall we end this conference now, Uncl. .David ?" "No!" -thundered forth David, I will make you sp'eak of it. You are under'niy control; Myra, and you shall eliey me. I am not the man to stand idly by with.folded hands and see m; wife and-child in need of the comforte of life, while'you, myward, have it in your power to make everything straight and riht'" I tell yoil I ill give you no choice; on your nineteenth birth day you shall marry -.Tristram O'Shea, ·,-1-: a sopped ";,horr,,)f?epneng-,for" breath.,icShe turnedaupon him .de fiantlo:.y ; .-. - "You are going beyond.the limit of your authority, sir I - think the law can soon set this right, and the day will come when you will have cause to repent your cruelty to me,, Mr. David Hartley. And then, with .womanly revulsionr of .feeling,- she. rushed swiftly to' his side, herstarved, lonely heart quiver ing with pain at the thought of its lack of love, her white arms:outstretched as though to fling them around.his neck, her sweet lace full of pathetic plead ings like a grieved child. "! Uncle David, don't beso cruel to me; don't be so hard, and harsh, and stern.. For papa's sake; who loved me once before he was caught in the clutches of that wicked Tristram O'Shea, feel a little kindness and pity for me I am all alone, Uncle David, all alone in the world.: And the world is so cold and cruel and unfeeling towards the lonely orphan. Pity me, Uncle D tvid, and try to care a little for me! Not like you care for Blanche -of course I could not expect that but for the sake of your dead, brother, have some sympathy and affection for his only child!" SDavid Hartley fell back a pace or two. Over his face. a lo.,. of cold hauteur, contemptuous impatience, settled down. He turned away from the pale, pleading little face, from the outstretched arms: he shut his'ears to the pathos of. the sweet, pleading voice, '"'When you announce-your readi ness to obey me "-his voice was as cold as ice and his' face hard as adaniant-" then t will- beslow- some you must-- consider yourself- an alien' and a stranger to-.me. : My house imust be your -home for the. present, my, roof shallshelter -you, but 'I 'can feel no affection for you, no sympathy foira wilful,- disobedient child !" : He turned his, back on her, and left the room.: ::Myra threw herself, down into the chair- that! he :had just vacated, and buried :her face; in - her; trembling hands.. The conflict was wearing:her out.--breaking her down, mind:-and body..- And si ting thus, the sound of voices fell -athwart the . silence,'; high. pitched and angry. Blanche and her mother had crept downi to a late breakfast at last,; pale and hollow-eyed -mere. ghosts of-- the bright, pretty women of. the night before. . "I .tell. you,: mamma," cried the shrill, voice; of " Blanche Hartley, Hector.has not proposed, and I begin to believe that I-shall lose my chance after.all.! And do.you "know .why? -I- believe that he is interested in Myra. Absurd to the-last degree, to be sure. but .you know he -saw. her last night, after all my precautions, though she did behave respectably by keeping out of the way. And that reminds me where in the world was she the entire evening? Not upstairs, for she came from the grounds and passed up the staircase to -her. own room to retire, while I stood in the hall conversing with Hector. That was his first glimpse of her, and he asked me, with an appearance of deepest interest, who she might be.: Mamma, the -girl looked like a picture, and her eyes shone so that they fairly. dazzled me. And that thin black, dress, is awfully -hlescujptured marble." :I r made' me fiel .jealous to look at her; ithough -my Nile-green silk and lace overdress cost twenty' times what. her gauzy little dress did." " We must try to get rid of her,' - put in'- Mrs. Hartley, thoughtutlly. "David shall send her to school But, at all events,' while she' is in my house she shall obey me- -" The words died upon her lips in a startled cry, for the door was thrown, open, and a servant rushed into the room, pale and excited. -"Oh, ma'am I Oh, 'Miss Blanche; such an awful thing I Sims, the gar dener, found it dowin ii the grounds l The body of a. womin, ma'am, ' young woman, stabbed 'to the heart, and stone dead !" To BE CONTINUED. " 