DESEBTBR FBOM THE GUARDS, By MRS. BAGOT HARTE, uthor of "Bianca," "Love's Revenge," "The Wheel of Fate," "At the Eleventh Hour," &c.; CHAPTER XXVII.. "Of course you will go to South Africa a.J rranged?" - , observed Couonel Thome, in- i rrogutively c o .™*> filing of the 1 indignantly . retorted his 6ister. Wlult were aunts made for but to be use- " 1 ^ ^ ^ 0 ^ 1 ^ .Do you think sha11 V to remmn alone in a ^ n l y ^ t h e r gl of^her own , \- , ,v .— . * I ,— he fatness of things IUcnard, to insinuate I ^ r i H ^ C ™ ^ Ln e " this criUoal^momenit?^ B f i ^ t ^ f ^ L o b " ^ e OoloneL He-^ growing momcnfibd^ and broken m spirit _ J-"®™ Ifcsowned! . Don't talk nonaenee to me! . arents cant disown their cWdren. God J™ t Vlola > she WjE.be you® untal ^i 0 *??™ be ^ uestion of her ownership. What you and , to_deade is, what is our doty under circ^ances.' I m cf oomion that my uty is to follow her and take up my rest dence at the Rectory too, and that your utv is to teJl Hume to mention that—tliat -"Mrs. Ponsonby paused, then added quickly—"it is possible you may overlook er conduct in- course- of lime." "Oh, very weU. You can tell Hume that. It's a safe (thing to eav. As you know I cannot help believing thait it will never be known who gave young Reynolds that suit of clothes." Discussing tbe matter won't effect it, I wil go anti older my boxes, and Viola's, to be put on a fly, and Til drive straight to the Castle Church Rectory* When thev see me driving up with the lugige, they'll know thait I have coime to stay, ow full life is of astonishing surprises! Who could have imagined thlatt tins would have been the end of our carefully arranged' trip to South Africa?" ; ; No one, no one," bitteriy rejoined her brother. Hume happened to come in at this 'moment, end wann&y; endorse enxft's decision. "Of coarse, you can't leave two girls by themselves, under such circumstances," he observed in the superior manner general -With young men when discussing sUch subjects. "The position is a moat expoeed one. I think I'll drive there with yoa, aunt." i 'Are you not going home by the midnight train to-night?" "No. I shall stay at Dartmouth until the trial is over. I couldn't do any work -if I were to go back to the hospital, my mind is in too much of a whirl. I should be diagnosing smallpox as the effects of a broken limb, &c.;" "I shall not remain," intezpoaed bis father, " so I am for you to do so. It is necessary that eorne man. belonging to the family is 011 the spot." "Hume can remain at bis hotoel, thesi," said Mrs. Ponsonby. "A man relation is always useful at hand. One can send him off at a moment's notice with a message." But Hume's expression did not suggest any .desire to be sent off on messages at a moment's' notice.. However, he said motihang. His mind was occupied with graver matters- He was thinking of Stewart and Stewart's ' sister, and wondering how he oould he3p them both. Happening to glance at a minor he saw thait lias face was growing careworn. "No wonder," thought be. "And it'll look many degrees more careworn before it's finished!" His thoughts were cut short by the announcement that the fly was at the door and the luggage being placed on it. li was not a silent drive to che Rectory. Silence was unknown in Mrs. Ponsonby s vicinity. The two girls were genuinely glad to see her -and delighted that she had the intention of being a self-invited gnest. Margaret too: {hailed her; arrival with satisfaction. The responsibility of bung the eldest member of the household "was not desirable in her opinion. ' <• Thus Mrs. Ponsonby took the vans of government into her own franrlg It was a position to which she felt born; for. there .was much -to do, not of a prosaic character, for -Margaret undertook that, but of a type . that called into action her powers of thinking out 'matters and deciding how to-answer weighty -questions. Elise sought her opin- on at every turn, and aitways found it of he good, solid, commonsense description, hat speaks of worldly -knowledge of. no ean order. Mr. Wdldon always saw ber hen he called, and told her whatever ews he "had of Stewart, and Mr. Trevelton told her ditto- With both men die fat herself on a thoroughly friendly footing. _ So ao one new more of 4jhe prisoner awaiting the adjourned hearing of the case- than ehe did. She heard that the medical mam who passd him into the amy had examined him. nd stated tSat he wis the deserter beyond the range of doubt, and tint €his most important witness would give evidence at the ext hearing before tiie magistrates. CHAPTER jtSVIIL "Excitement is £)t fever-heat," wrotxi olonel Thome from Caterbam to his sister. "But -every one is breathing more freely now that rthe murderer is caught. No sane person doubts that Reynolds did the deed. 1 heartily wish that you and Viola were safe with us—or anywhere, save at Dartmouth. Evelyn amd are I having a miserable time. The servants are presumptuous, and have asked to have their wages raised, hich I have done. It was best to be generous. Now they are commencing to be idle! Wc are afraid of blaming them and they are masters of -the situation." • Mrs. Ponsonby skimmed the letter, then burnt it, saying "Fires tell no tales.' Another letter, which came by the same post from Mr. Welldon, she read carefully. "So good of that (thoughtful lawyer to wute at once to tell us thait Stewart is behaving with so much courage. Really, it is marvellous what people caa go through bravely if -they only make up their minds to do so! It is just a question of cultivating their will-power and showing suitable determination. Poor, deair Stewart! It makes one shudder even to think of—but I wont think!" . "' Acting upon this wise defcenmnanon,- she rose ftom the breakfast-table and began burtliug about. She was in a deplorably, restless condition of,mind and body, lor it was the day 1' of the adjourned hearihgbeiore jietrates of the ease against Stewart jAcviiuiu-S, and her anxiety and excitement - momentarily greater as the tune arfor appear once'more in the jJjjr ^ ^ • Stewart' xte-e was a 'full Bench and a crowded and keen j^t^t depicted on every The wannesses from Oiterbam, having tra- Dartmouth together, were iow "WlfnlnSy'tM^'Md" MMdersd it s e a s . f"dence. They were very w m m ^ r f the ^p°rtance.of the misaon .vi^h had neces- ^ The ^at&d; their fuming, to partrwuth.^ ""'ontan from the half-way cottage, between Merstham and White Hill, by name1 Mrs. Ha l ?> -j' announced -r—r-- , that — the/ef^ , 'that badj.1- ready" that, whan she entered the witnessshe "wouldn t know what to saj. The sergeant who had given chase to btevi - art sat by ber side and gave her straightforward advice to "speak up like a Henglish woman ought to." , "I d not mind it if it wouldn t lead to the young man being hung," she argued, sotto voce. "La! how do ye think I could sleep o' nights with his ghost a-baunt:ng of me, and 1 not feeling over sure that its 1 ! "But if vou don't speak the truth it'll be perjurv, Mrs. Hale,' replied the sergeant. "And 'it's five years for perjury. You knoiv it's him." "Oh, you men! You re all alike—that 'ard-'earted. You like to frighten us pool women to bits. Any*ow, whatever comes or goes, I got a new gown and a new bonnet for the 'casiou." . , Having embarked on the congenial subject of dress, it is probable that Mrs. Ha e would soon have regained her normal compiacencv of mind, had not an awe-inspiring "Hush!" resounded through the Court, bringing back with it a sense of being herself, more or less, in the hands of the law. Again she began to quake. She knew that she was one of the most important witfirst witness called was the doctor, , who examined the recruits on the day Stewart enlisted. His evidence proved m- cOTitestablv that the prisoner was the man whom he ha.i passed into the Guards, under the name of John Grainger. Considering that there wa> 110 attempt on the prisone; 's p.trt to deny t'uis, the witness was oniy called unon to frive his evidence briefly. ' (To be continued on Monday.) 