New Story. THE PURPLE ROBE, By Joseph Hocking. Author of' All Men, are Liars' ' 'Hie Story of Andrew Fairfax,' ' Jshmael Pengeily' ' 77ie Scarlet Woman,' etc. [all bights reserved]. ' Well, aw think things ev settled daan midd lin', M ester Ruthland.' It was old Matthy Bray who spoke to Duncan on the fteps of Tudor Chapel. Thev bad just come from one of the meetings of the Church, and were on the point of going home. Several days had elapsed since the night when Duncan naa given nis lecture. ' After s-torm comes a calm,' laughed the young mimister. 'Aw doant understand it.' remarked the weaver. ?' No moor do aw,' said Jonas Dixon, who with two or three others had come out with them. ; |: Don't understand what ?,'? asked Eutland. ' Sheen and the Cathlicks bein' so quiet ; it's noan like 'em. Aw reckon they've summat else in their sleeves.' ' What can they have 1 ' , ' Aw doan knaw ;. but ther's not one of 'em bin writin' to th' papers, and nobody's said a word. We all know as aa tha gived 'em a rare licken, but' they'd a noan settled daan so quiet ef they -adn't bin tould to. Aw knaw 'em too weel for that.' Yi,' chimed in Jonas Dixon, ' aw doan't for geet thet Boggart Clough job. Why doant' t ee tell all th' truth baat thet job, Hester Rut land?,' ,..:?? ' Because— well, there are good reasons.' ' Yi, aw spoase soa. But theer, aw'm noan. af eard of a good raa. A dog as barks rarely isn't as ugly as th' one what 'angs 'is yead and growls ; and it, seems to me as aa thet's what Sheen's lot are doin'. What dost thaa think, Matthy?' . ' Aw think thou'rt reight, Jonas.- Well, we we mun kip aar een oppen, thats all. But mind Hester Rutland, foaks of all sooarts are wat chin1 thee. Tha'st put thysen on a 'igh plaace, and naa church foaks and Cathlicks' as well as all th' chapel foaks, '11 watch all tha dost. We look on thee as a sooart ov defender of th' faith, and if tha maks ony slips, the very chaps as shaatcd praises baat tha, and said thaa wert ' ' champion,' '11 be the first to call thee naames.' ' Yes, I expect so.' ' Yi, Lancashire foaks are the best in th' world, aw reckon, but we ev aar failin's, we're noan but 'uraan, We're bit like th' owd Jews. One day they shaated 'Hosanna,' aud; th' next ' Crucify Him.' But theer, thou'rt noan baan to make a fool o'thysen. art a ?' ' I hope not.' ' Well, then, my advice is this, and aw've noan lived i' Lynford better nor fifty years for nowt. Thee be careful if ony o' th'* Cathlicks maks friends wi1 thee.' ' Yes, I'll be careful,' laughed Duncan, but he had no fears. ' And theer's another thing. Thou'st kept away fro' the lasses rarely since tbou'st bin here. If aw wur thee, aw'd geet wed.' Dnncan laughed heartily. ' I've never seen a suitable wife yet,' he said. '? Well, thats thy fault. Ther's plenty o' nice lasses as belongs to Tudor, that thaa cauld 'ave for the axin, and wi' brass an' all. Ther's Ashton's lasses, naa. Th' owd Ashton '11 gi' 'em ten thousand a piece, aw'm towd, and Alice 'ud be a champion minister's wife. But theer^thet's noan aar business. 'Appen yo've got a lass somewhere.' ' No, I've not.' ' Well, aw wish tha wert wed. Foaks talk less abaat a passon when oo's wed.' Matthy Bray and Duncan had by this time left the rest, and were walking in the direction of the young minister's lodgings. '' Ya see, Mester Rutland,' went on the old weaver, '? we oal 'oap as aa tha'lt stay at Tudor mony a year, and we think as if tha had a good wife fro' the Church, tha would have a stake in th' place, So ta spaik. And ther's nowt like 'avin' a stake in a place.' ' You think not 1 ' It's th' great cure for moast things. Aw reckon if aw were a rich man aw could kill moast o' th' socialism in a week.' ' Indeed.' ' Yi, aw could, Ef aw wer to give a cottage to every socialist, it 'ud stop his maath. Aw've seen it a lot o'times. It's chaps' wot's got nowt who are socialist. When they've gotten a bit o' brass their socialism goes.' ' I daresay ; but what has that to do with my getting a wife ? ' Ay, if thou'st gotten a wife fro' Lynford, thaa would 'ave a stake 'ere. The roots o' thy bein' would be fastened 'ere. Besides, thy missis could go wi' thee to th' young fowks' meetin's, and thet 'ud stop gossip.' 'Why, have people been gossiping about me ?' 'Ther's nobody been talked abaat as much, but not i' that way. Aw'm only thinking baat the future. Thee look aat for a nice lass, Mester. One with a bit o' brass, and thee settle daan at Tudor for life. But mind, oo mun come fro' Tudor.' 'Must she?' ' Yi, oo must. Tudor foak 'ud noan put up wi' a lass from th' other chapels.' ' Good-night, Matthy. I'm afraid you are a dangerous adviser,' laughed Duncan. liNoa, aw'm on th' reight track. Aw've cut all my teeth, Mester, an' aw'm wot the lawyers ca' Kompus Mentlc. Aw reckon thet's it. but aw'm noan a Greek scholard, so 'appen tha'lt. be laughin1 at me.' ' You are quite right,' laughed Rutland ; ' good-night,' and he entered the door of his lodgings. A good fire was burning in the grate, other wise the young man's study was in entire darkness. He did not trouble to light the gas, however : instead he drew an arm-chair before the fire and began musing. In spite of himself the weavers words affected him. It was very lonely sitting night after night in his room. True, he could spend as many of his evenings out as he desired, for every door in the Church was open to him, but .after he had been to the meetings he felt no desire for the company of people, with many of whom he had no tastes in common. Besides, all men, especially Englishmen, loug for a home of their own. While he was at college he felt no loneliness. There was always a host of fellows ready to talk to him ; but now — well, after six months of lodgings, he wished he had a home. As the old weaver had said, there were perhaps true, good hearted girls at Tudor Chapel who would not object to be come his wife. But he had paid but little attention to them. The truth was there was no one in the Church to whom he had given a second thought Alice Ashton, the girl the old weaver had nainprl. was ttifi eldest, daughter of a wealthy manufacturer. She was a tall, buxom young woman of five-and-twenty, healthy, good-tempered, and of tolerable intelligence. She had been as well educated as was common among the wealthy of the town, and would doubtless make a faithful, loving wife. She had been especial ly kind to him, too, and always seemed pleased to be in his com pany. But ho did not care for her in the slightest degree. By nature he was romantic, arid had dreamed dreams of the woman he would love, and of the sensations which would possess him. This girl did not make a pulse stir quicker : there was no more romance in the meeting her than in meeting Jonas Dixon the weaver. He was suffering a reaction, too, after the excitement of the debate. He missed the thundering plaudits of the people, and longed for those emotions which possessed him when he rose to answer Father Sheen. It was true his work at Tudor Church was wondrously success ful, and he loved that work beyond words, and still he felt something wanting. And so he went on dreaming, thinking, until it struck him that he might as well light the gas and read for half an hour before Mrs. Nutter brought in his supper of bread and milk, which was his invariable meal before going to bed. No sooner had he lit the gas, however, than he saw a letter lying on his study desk which had come in by the night's post. He noticed that a Lynford postmark was stamped upon it, and then opened it languidly. ' One of the Churches asking me to preach, I suppose,' he thought, and then he caught sight of the writing. ' It's from a lady ; I wonder who it can be from ?' .._?;; This was the letter which reached him that February night : — . , ' The Priory, Lynford, ' Feb. 13, 189—. ' Dear Mr. Rutland, — It has struck me, as it has doubtless struck you, that there is a good work which ought to be done in the town, and in which all the Churches could take part. There are four cab stands in Lynford. besides those at the stations, and the only places of ? shelter which the cabmen have are the nearest public-houses. This, for many reasons, is un desirable, especially as it has a tendency to lead men to be intemperate who would other wise be sober. I would, therefore, suggest that the representatives of all the principal Churches should meet to consider the advisa bility of building a sufficient number of con venient and comfortable cabmen's shelters. It is probable you may think the Priory a rather ? inconvenient place of meeting, nevertheless, I shall be very glad if you will come on Friday night uext (I understand that Friday is the night on which ministers are least engaged), so that we may, I trust, form some definite plan of action. ' With kind regards, ' I am, yours sincerely, 'Helen Neville. ' -V.JJ. — Time of meeting, S o'clock.' Duncan read this letter through twice, and then laughed a little nervously. ' Of course, Father Sheen will be there,' he . thought, ' but I can scarcely refuse. Tudor is the oldest and largest Nonconformist .Church is the town, aud ought to be represented. The object is a good one, too. I have often pitied those poor fellows standing around in the pouring rain. It will be awkward meeting Father Sheen and Lady Neville, but it is evi dent they bear no ill-will, and I see no reason why I should be asvkward. Yes, I'll go.' He immediately scribbled a hasty acceptance of the invitation, and then went to the pillar- , box which stood near his own door, and posted the letter. ' I wonder whether Miss Alizon Neville will be at the meeting?' he thought as he came. t-ack to the house. ' Scarcely, I should think. I have an idea that she will never speak to me again.!' When Friday night came he found his way to the Priory ; he was rather late owing to the fact that justas he was about to start someone had called asking him to visit a sick- woman. It was ''therefore nearly half-past eight before, he arrived at the house. He was immediately' ushered into the room where a number of people sat,; including Father Sheen. Lady Nevi le's greeting as he, entered was most cordial,' aud he could not help feeling that lie was regarded as a person of importance in the meeting. On more than one occasion Father Sheen directly asked his opinion, and on his giving it, immediately advocated its accept ance, indeed the most friendly aud genial persou in the room was the old priest. He told several funny stories with considerable spirit, and caused roars of laughter by them. For there is no part of 'the country where people are so easily moved to laughter as Lancashire. Let a. dozen men and women, of whatever decree, * get together, and the poorest witticism will produce laughter, while a funny story will almost cause convulsions. ' Lancashire people are what is generally termed 'hard-headed,', they are as keen at driving a bargain as the proverbial Yorkshiremaii. they will seldom err on the side of generosity when business is con cerned ;? nevertheless they are sim ile-minded, tender-hearted people, as easily moved to laugh ter ana i ears as iiccie cmuireu, ancuc lsuuucuit to bestow higher praise thaii that in a cynical and callous age. ' Presently the business of the meeting, came to an end. Rutland's suggestion that a sub scription list be opened, that her ladyship be the treasurer, and the town clerk the secretary, was passed without a dissentient, and a work ing committee was electeil'on the spot. Immediately this- was done Father Sheen called 'Hut-land aside, and asked him a question on a matter which seemed to the young minister of but little importance, but which apparently exercised the old priest's mind greatly. Indeed,, so interested did he become 'concerning the matter, and so earnestly did he talk, that Rutland for courtesy's sake was obliged to listen, and consequently a few minutes later he found that the rest of the members of the meeting had departed, and that he was alone in the room with the old Irishman. ' At this juncture Lady Seville entered the room. ?' I am so glad you are not gone, Mr. Rutland,' she said graciously. '1 was anxious that' you should not slip out without my having a chance of speaking to you. Alizon was telliug me the other day that you were very fond of old houses. I thought you might like to look over the Priory.' ?' I should be delighted,' replied Rutland, almost without thinking. ' '? ' It is rather a fine old house in its way, I snpposej' went on her ladyship, 'and has many interesting associations. There are secret pas sages, secret cells, places where traitors have been hidden, and outlaws sheltered. There is a haunted room, where the ghost of Sir Thomas More is supposed to appear, and a royal chamber wheie Charles 1. is said to have slept. I shall be delighted to show you through.' 'You are very kind,' said' Duncan. 'I am afraid you have fastened upon a weakness of mine. I am simply a child when I am brought into contact with things old and mvsterious and superstitious. But I am afraid I am taxing your ladyship's kindness far too much by accepting.' 'Oh.no; do not mention it. It will be a real pleasure to show you through the building. But what time is it, Father Sheen ?' ' It is half-past nine,' replied the priest. ' Oh, I remember now. We dined very early to-night in view of this meeting, Mr. Rutland, and all this talking is exhausting. I am sure, Father Sheen, you will be glad of some light refreshment, and I hope Mr. Rutland will con sent to join us at a little supper. He will need it to fortify himself against the ghosts ;' and her ladyship laughed pleasantly. Before he realised what he was doing he found himself in another room speaking to Alizon Neville. . The young minister felt his. heart beat faster as she held out her hand, and greeted him with a kind smile. Everything was so different from what he had expected. Instead of being ?cold and haughty, she was, kind and gracious. He could not help feeling how beautiful she ?was. There in the glow of the lamplight her finely moulded form revealed itself to advan tage, while her somewhat heightened colour, and bright, .shining eyes, were the accompani ments of a face which to the young man was lovely beyond words. The great; masses of wavy dark brown hair, which glistened in the light, seemed to the romantic young : minister almost ; like a nimbus, and. at that moment he forgot that he was a commoner, while.she belonged to one of the. oldest; families. in England, forgot that he.was a Protestant and that she was . an ardent Catholic. . ,; . : In spite of the socialistic tendencies of the age,' England is a conservative country, and theieis much. truth in the old saying that an Englishman loves a lord.: He does, and always will, I suspect, while we are a nation,' and xemember that we have a history. Not that Rutland was a worshipper of aristocracy. Far from it. He was too sensible a fellow for that. And yet he was influenced by the fact that Alizon Neville came of a race which had influenced the life of the country. Although he did not know it, those old rooms, the quaint, antique furniture, aud the fact that the Priory was associated with some of the important epochs of the English race,' had a strange effect upon him. They talked about books, pictures, plays, and men, and the time sped by on the wings* of the ?wind. When they rose from the table 'Father Sheen looked at his watch. '' It js nearly half-past ten, Ladv Neville,' he said with mock seriousness. ' It is ?' cried Rutland. ' I had forgotten — that is, I had no idea it was so late. I am afraid I dare not tax you to take me over the Priory tonight.' ' It is rather late,' said Lady Neville. ' It would take at least two hours. You must come some other day — come early. Can't you decide upon an afternoon now ? Almost any day next week I shall be delighted to see you.' Rutland was facinated, bewildered. Scarcely realising, what lie was doing, he mentioned a day on which he would be at liberty. ?';.'' That will be delightful.' said Lady. Neville graciously. 'You and Father Sheen', will be able to go back to Lynford together ; but there is plenty of time, for you to smoke a cigar before leaving' us.' ' -....-. ' - She led the. way into the library, and the two men smoked and talked, while Lady' Neville and Alizon joined in their conversation. ? Rut-; land felt that, this was the most delightful evening he had ever spent. . ...... ;' Next Wednesday, then', at three o'clock, I shall expect you both, ' said herlailyshiy. 'You will then be able to go over the housa before dinner-quitc eoinfortabl}'. Good-night.' ... The two men walked towards Lyuford, while. Lady Neville went back to Alizon. 'He .is really a delightful you nsj fellow to know.' she remarked, as'Alizonsat looking into the fire. , ,. ?', . ? 'v'W7:.; ? '? Yes,' replied the girl. , . ,: .' .-..; ' I had no idea he would be so interesting. He is really worth' knowing :n;pa.ifc from 'every . other- consideration.' ?? ? ?'?',? ' ? ? ' Do you think all this is quite right, mother ?', ? - asked the girl. ,. ... .. , .:,,,? '?I do. indeed. We are'simnlv kind to him. and — that is all; ? If he is led. to the truth, he :. will thank us throughout his life. Besides, it is our duty.' -, . ?- ?': /'?' :\;v'ii.^ ' Do you think ''he will ever 'become a convert?' ' Yes. I think so : don't you'' ' No,' replied Alizou. '1 -do not . .believe he will ever be a Catholic.' 'I believe you-are'quire mistaken;'' replied Lady Neville. 'You will see that I am right in a few weeks.' . (To be continued:) . , , ,, ? 