' Short Story. * A Horrible Fright. 1/. T. MEADE, ;tn ' The Strand.' I don't think I am at all nervous, ami, therefore, when I say that I am aibout to describe two hours ol' absolute agony X hope my readers will believe that, the circumstances. were at the best excep tional, and will still give me credit for being tat least' ais brave as niost girls o-f my aj;e, I have 'always dospised so-called nerves. When a child I quite loved to Bleep :Iu the dark. ? At school I was the pitfme mover of ghost stories, and I remember now tlia't some or my prac tical jokes verged strangely upon the unkind anil even dangerous.. I .have been educated quite up. 'to modern kleas. It is only a year since I left Girtcm, and I am now comfortably established at home with my father and mother. I an) ?the only .daughter, and am between 2;': and 2-1 years of age. We live in a large place about an -hour's ride by rail from London. I thaive my own special ?horse, and a little pony carriage be sides for my exclusive iise. I 'also liave my study or boudoir, and can order ? what books I please for my own benefit, mf-t only from Mudie, but from the local booksellers. I am passionately fond of music, and can play two or three In struments. I think I can eay, without amy false pride, that my performances cm 'tilie viioJin ,' aire -na'tilier better ttan those Of most amatemis. X aiii a lltso great at all ' Muds of outdoor sports and garnets. I aim ? the champion player of the tennis . club to Whioh I belong, and I am at- the presemt time success fully getting up a lady's golf club. In short, I think I may 'truly -say of my ' self that I represent tilic average, upto date, ; well-educated, ratiher strong minded, marcrteernBh- eentury girl. Now, X must tell 'aibont my fright You can imagine , that It must have been something special to put mo into such a state of terror tha'f I cannot think of it evein now witlliout shuddering. I received an invitation late last au tumn to go to see my grandfather, wlio lives In Dublin. CMy mother did not ?particularly wish me to go. I really tfh!imk .mothers must have premonitions, for there was no apparent reason for my not taking such a simple and easily accomplisflied journey. X had been abroad a good deal, -and h'ad had aid von-* tures more thain one; therefore, when my mother fretted ihenself about my going from London to Dublin, via Holy head, I could not help Iaughing-at ilier. ' If you must go alone, Virginia,' she solid, ' h'ad you not better travel by flay ?. ' Oh, . nonsense, nonsense,' I 'said, ' I (hate travelSng 'by -day,' particularly by ta route wthicih I already know. Besides, It 'is' isucih a waste of time. At night one can sleep and travel together. Oh, eay. no mare about it dear, good mother. I'll take tilie niglit mail froon Euston, ttiils evening, and have break fast with grandfather in the morning.' Sly mo tlher made no further remon strances, but I heard her sighing in tlie motst aggravating style, and I' knew she wais muiimurrng to herself about my hca'd&fcrongness; and iliow I never would listen to reason: No Hug makes me so obstinate as those muttered* remonstrances of my relatives. Are they afraid of me, that they don't speak out ? ' I am . always amenable 'bo reason, but when people mutter over me, then I become dimply mulish. I 'adore my dear mother, but even for titer . I 'cannot be expected to give up. my. own -way when I hear Jier muttering that it iis 'Just like Vir ginia.' ^ My things were packed, and I Started off in good time to catch the night mail at Euston. ?' You had better go in one of the ladles' carriages,' said my father. I (fuite gasped in (horror when lie made this audacious proposal. 'Now, do you suppose I am likely to do. anything quite so old-niaidisli ?' I replied. ' No, I have fixed on the exact corner where I shall sn'ooze away from Euston to Holyhead.' I led my fatOier, . as I spoke, to a carriage where two old gentlemen Iliad already comfortably es tablished themselves. Tlrey had spread out their vugs, and taken Complete pos session of tiie corners wliieli were out of the dramgiht. I was oblivious to draughts, and -JhoSe my corner opposite the old gentleman who was nearest to the entrance* -door. My father supplied, me with, three or four evening papers. I 'li'ad an uncut novel in my bag, aufft a little reaid'i'ng-ia'jnp, whidi I could fasten to the window Hedge. Two or three moments later- 1 Iliad said farewell, to my father, amd the great express— tlie Wild Irish Girl— liad steamed in grand style out of the' station. . I lilce the ?feeling of being whirled through space in 'an express train going a't the top of Its speed. I looked ait tlie evening papers. Thefir contents did, not specially interest me. I then gazed ait my opposite neighbour. He was very stout and very red. He tucked his tra velling rug tlgflitly -about him, and be fore we had passed Willesden wwis fast ' asleep. He made a distressing noise with liis loud snores, audi thought him decidedly ilrritaJting. For a moment or \- two I almost regretted that I had not gone In an empty ladies' carriage. The Other old gentleman was scarcely a more agreeable travelling companion. . He .had a noisy cough, and a bad cold. He blew his riose, and lie coughed about every two minutes, and. then lie looked around Mm to see if tiliere 'were- amy possible draughts. He not only shut his own window but the ventilator: above as well, and then lie glared at the ventilator which belonged to the . snoring old gentleman, and me. I made up my mind that that vgntilator should only be shut over my fallen, body. The express went on its way without let or hindrance. . 'Now and then it : swayed from sld.e to side, as If its own great speed were' making it giddy ; then again It steadied Itself, ami rushed: on and on with a rhythmic sort of motion, which was ' infinitely soothing, and . caused . me - to forget my ;two uninter esting companions,' and to sink gradu ally ;lnto the land of dreams. r I was awakened, presently from quite a sound imp. by tlie slowing of the , trailu. ' It was conilrig into a great station, which I found was Chester. '\Ve must have passed Crewe while I was asleep; My two companions were now all alive and brisk. They were fastening up their rugs and folding their papers, and I saw that they intended -to leave the train. . , 'If you are going on to Holyhead,' said ti\e . snoring one to me,-' you liave. ten' minutes to wait here— quite time to get a cup of tea, If you want one.' I thanked' lilm, and thought that 1 ' would carry lils suggestion Into effect. A cup of tea would be perfect, and would set 'mo up for the remainder of my Journey. I accordingly stepped on to* the platform and went over the bridge to the great waiting-rooms, which presented at this time a gay scene of eager, hungry, fussy men and women sitting at tables, and standing alt counters, each aiul all of them eating and drinking for 'bare life. I ordered my tea, drank it Standing a't ?tilie counter, paid for it, aud also for a bun,' wlillcfh I carried away with me in a puiper tag, a.ud returned to my cairri'age. I saw a heap of rugs mnd a large 'blade 'bag deposited 'in tlie comer away (from, mime, and wondered with a faint' paisising curiosity ( who my new travelling companion was' likely to be. The .guard came up at. this moment to see if I were comfortable. He saiid that, we would nioit stop again unitil we rea.cilied Iloljiiiea'd, and asked mo If I wain'ted for ainytHiing. I isaiid ' No.' . ' Peiflraps you'd like me to lock 'tlie carriage door, mias ?' he saiid. ' The train is not too full to-night, and I can niianiiage it.' I -Inugthed and pointed 'to Lhe rugs and bag in tilie -oppo'sJte corner. ' Somebody lias already taken posses sion,' I said. ' But 'if you w-is'h, wiiss, I'll put tliose tihlngis in ano'tlrer carriage,' said tlie guard. ' No, no,' I .replied, ' I don't mlind oompainy tin tilie least.' .T'uet then my fellow- tnaveller ]-u't in aln aipiK-ijui-u-ce. He was a big main, wrapped up In a great ulufcer and with a mnfller round his throat and mouth. Tlie guard looked a't him, I thought, a little, suspidi'ously. This made me angry. I itoa-ve no paltience with those sqiKWdMK'h g'iiiis wlho think every mam Wlio sees theni mm^t offer them ^jltlrer aidmi ration or 'insult. .. I looked very cheerful, made way for the traveller to ! take his seat, and smiled and thanked the guard. - A moment later the train started on its way. (To be concluded .« 