Ghost of Airlie. The Tattoo of Death. Who heard the ghostly drummer of Cor- tachy Castle beat the death-roll of the late Earl of Airlie? asks the Daily Mail of .Tune 15. His spectral tattoo is ever the herald of death to the heads of the Ogilvys. In by gone times there was a drummer who drummed for the "Bonny House of Airly." The wretched player offended the Earl of thoso days and was tied up in his own drum ana flung from a high tower. After vainly pleading for his life, the poor little drummer threatened that his ghost should haunt the family for ever and ever. Legend has it that generation aftey gene ration the dead drummer has sounded the last post' for Earl and Countess of Airlie, and the roll, of his drum has through the long centuries blanched the faces of many inmates of Cortachy Castle. In .1845 a visitor lit Cortachy was dress ing for dinner. A tattoo was beaten be neath her window. The lady listened in .surprise, for as far as she knew there were no bandsmen at the' castle. Going down .-to dinner she said to her host : " Who is it that plays the drum so skil fully outside the castle?" The Earl turned pale and shivered. The Countess could not hide her fear. The face of every Ogilyy at the table was deadly white. Within a week the Countess lay in her shroud. The drummer was the spectre of Cortachy Castlo. Heard in the Night. A few years later a young Englishman, who was to shoot with Lord Ogilvy, the eldest sun, at the Tulchan, a shooting lodge at the head of Glcnshee, missed his way. The night was wild, and darkness had long set in before he saw the lights of the shooting lodge. Then up the glen came the long roll of the drum. There could be no mistaking it. Who conld'be playing out of doors on such a night? he asked Lord Ogilvy. "Silence," was his only answer. It was tho dead drummer of Cor tachy Castle. The Earl of' Airlie died in London within less than a week. When the father of tho Earl of Airlie who fell in South Africa last Monday died it is said that tho drummer did not sound his drum. It may be true. Perhaps he has not beaten it on this occasion. But the countryside will not bo denied their ghost, and it may be that wo shall soon, hear that the spectral' dram wits heard at Cortachy the day before tho gallant cavalryman fell in South Africa. 