TWO OF A TRADE. By Venley Vokgkl. “ It’s all very well for you to talk, Maggie, when you can seo your Rex as often as you like, and both sets of parents are murmuring, * UleBS you, my chlldcen 1 and y.on're golug to bo married in six months 1 I wondot If you’d be cheerful In my place ? ’ And Norah ’-vhlttama pretty eyes tilled with tears. •* My dear, 1 novor eaid I practised what 1 proached. llow long is It bIuco you’ve aeon him ?" «• A whole weok. What do you think It fools like when ; your heart breaks, Maggie?" “ Horribly uncomfortable ! Bald Mar garet Flynn, promptly. “ But he’ll tarn up soon, mark my words I” “Oh, Maggie, you are trying! How can ho turn up when uncle’s forbidden him tho house S’ How can he write when he knows nncle examines tho lotters evory morning V ’ “ Well, he's waiting for some opportu nity. Naturally tho Interview with the major would depress him.” “Depress hint? My secondhand edi tion of It was awful enough. ‘ A paltry lieutenant, with tho vaguest chance ot promotion—a man who hasn’t seou active service 1 Why, the young whipper snapper would run away if ho heard a Bhot iired !' Think of it, Migfilo, whun Jack's as brave as a lion 1’’ “ He'll come somehow," said her friend, irrelevantly. “ So he said when l Baw him In the hall after he'd seen uuclo. But how can ho ? Here comes uncle, Maggie ; we shall havo to go out with him." Old Major Hoyle wasNorah Whittam’s guardian and only relative. And whon, a fortnight before, Lioutouant Koltli, of the 5th Lancers, at presont homo from India on sick leavo after a fever, had dared to Inform him that he loved his niece, tho major had told him in no mcasnred tormB what he thought of his “consummate Impertinence.’’ “ Walt for her ?” he shouted, In answor to a humble suggestion from Jack. “ So you shall, sir 1—I'll tako care of that 1 and for ever 1" “And that ends the mattor, Norah 1 Do you hoar ?" he said to his niece, as her lovor went dejectedly down tho garden walk. So for a week poor little Norah had gono abont looking Ills a ghost. Then her friend Margaret I'lynn had arrived on a visit, and succeeded In cheering her a little. The girls rose as we line, Boldierly looklng old man hobh’ed Into tho room. “ Good morning, .adies. Norah, my dear, havo the goodiess to ring for my bovrll. Miss Flyui, yon look as bright and charming as Hough It were May Instead of December.” The door opene/, and a sedate-looking bail"- entered with a tray. “There’s an old soldier, Miss Norah, wants to see you. He’s selling shawls, and he'B sure you’d take one.” “A. soldier selling shawlB ? 1 don’t want any, Trnefiu. Ja he In the hall ! I’d better see himi/perhaps,’' said Norah, wearily, “No, my doa:, certainly not 1" broke In tho major—'‘not in that draughty hall! Tell the nan to come hero, Trne fitt, if MIbs No;ah wishes to see him." “ Yes, sir." 'Che old solder was straight enough, despite hie whfco head. Ho wore an di guing salt of bine cloth, and a chubby peaked cap, sad carried a large cilskln covorod pack, He seemed somewhat embarrassed on being shown into the diningroom, and still more so at the sight of the major. “I’m an old soldier, lady," ho began, 111 qnlvering tones, “ atT I'm trying to sell these' few shawls, aiT 1 thought maybe you’d oblige mo by takln’ one. I was through the Indian Mutiny, an' I got A sabre cut at Delhi, an’-’’ “What regiment?" Interrupted the A prolonged fit of coughing delayed the visitor’s answer. “75th Foot, general," ho said, at length. “ I've got a small ponslon ; but I’m trying to-" “ I was at Delhi,’’ broke In tho major. “You were in the action with General Barter, of conrso ?" “ Adjutant he was then, gonoral. An' I've got a medal for long service an' good conduct." And tho soldier patted a decoration on Ills breast. “ Most interesting. 1 am always glad to meet another old soldier. I should like more conversation with yon. Como and see mo—let me sea I—to-morrow after noon about A. In the meantime, here is a shilling for you. Norah; my doar, put your things on at once. I am In a hurry, and Mias Flynn is ready, I see. 1 will lot this worthy man out." Tho worthy man's face fell as Norah moved to obey. Perhaps he 'was thinking of hla shawls, for he stepped forward as if to detain her. “ The lady cannot wait now, my good man. Possibly aho may care to look at your shawls to morrow—eh, my dear? I will let yon out.1' And the fidgety old major piloted the soldier to the door. “Maggie," said Norah, as tho girls were sitting before the fire that afternoon, “ you Beemod remarkably taken with that eld humbug of a soldier 1” “ I, Norah ?" “Yes, you. Uncle didn’t let either of us get a word la, but you hardly took your eyes off him." “Oh, Norah, Norah 1" And Maggie got up and put both her hands on the other's shoulders. “ Truly, love la blind 1" “Magglo, what do you mean? Toll me quick I" “ Well, I’ve only mot Lieutenant Keith twice before he went to India; but I hadn’t much difficulty in reccgnlaing him thla morning." “Magglo," said Norah, faintly, “are you sure ?” “ Quite. So will you be If you think It over.” “But why didn't you say?” Convic tion was Blowly Bteallng in upon Norah. “ This Is the first time I have seen you alone since he wont. I suppose you hardly wanted me to speak at the time ?" “ And uncle Bald we had to bike to the Trevors' at three o'clock to-morrow. Oh, Maggie 1" “ That’s a pity. However, we’ll man age things somehow." Norah looked uttarly bewildered, and for the rest of the day she remained In a slate of abstraction mingled with remorse. That tho old soldier and Jack Keith were Identical she began to have no doubt. The more she mnsed upon the young lieu tenant's features, the more sho realised that a little false hair and a few skilful touches would transform them Into just sooh a representation of a decrepit old war-hero as she had seen that morning. How could she contrive to see him alone to-morrow ? Sho absontly salted her apple-tart at dinner that evening as she pondered over these things, all nn aware that the major was watching her closely. “ Surely/’ ho said to himself, when Norah oxoused herself from singing to him after dlnnor, “ she can’t be fretting after that young jackanapes 1" And then he tagged his moustache fiercely. Some times it did not seem very long since his own lieutenant days, and he was not snch a hard-hearted old tyrant after all. He was persistent next morning In his arrangements that the girls should bicycle over to visit friends In a neighboring town. “ The air will do yon good, my dear, and I shall' be well entertained In your absence. You seem to forget that I am expecting the old man who was here yesterday.” “ But I wag going to look at his shawls, uncle 1" “ I will tell him to call again, my dear. I particularly wlah my note to go to Colonel TroYor.” The,girls racked their brains for some means of meeting their visitor alone. “ Wo might start late,” said Maggie. “Or, stay, wouldn’t it bo better to go early for the chanco of meeting him on the road T' Bur oven hero the old major innocently forestalled rhom. “ The sun is so bright,” ho observed, ns the girls wero gottiug ready to start, “ that 1 think 1 shall go for a torn. I shall meet the old soldier ; he can only coma along tho one road.” And he hobbled off, quite nnconscions^of tho two downcast faces In the hall. “ We must start,” said Maggie; “it’s no use waiting. Wo may meet him before the major does.” Tho major was almost at tho bottom of the atoep hill which sloped down from his very gate, when the old soldier came round a sharp bend In tho road and began slowly to ascend it. “ Ah, my man, I was expecting yon ; but to day is so mild that we can chat as well lioro as Indoors.” “ If l conld just go up to tho house, general, au* show tho lady these few “ Oh, ah, yes ; I think she la jast go ing ont. She wishes yon to call some other time.'1 But a sadden scream made both of them turn sharply, to bbo a lady on a bicycle almost Hying down tho hill towards thorn. Tho major saw tho terrified face, and thought of tho almost right-angled turn in the road, and tho stone wall Imme diately below them ; and then he lost his hoad completely. “Stop, my doar—stop!" ho shouted wildly. “Got off 1 Why doesn't acme Someouo did. Directly tho machine camo Into view tho old soldier advanced a little from tho roadside, and stood calmly waiting Now, as the girl was whizzing past him, he seized her round the waist with a strong grip, moaning to swing her clear of the bicyclo altogether; but her skirt had somehow entwined itself In the dress-guard. And though anything worse than an ordinary spill was ontlroly pre vented by his prompt action, the rescuer, the rescued, and tho bicyclo went down in a heap on to the grassy border of the road. The rescued one staggered to hor foot first, palo and shaken, but unhurt. “ Oh. Jack, are yon really not hurt. 1 was so frightened 1” But tho old major was hobbling excitedly to the Ecene. “ Tho pluckiest thing I ever saw ! In one more moment it would have been too lato! Name your reward, sir—name your reward 1” And tho shameless old soldier picked hlmsolf up, making no effort to conceal a lock of black hair which was plainly vibiblo beneath a much disarranged white wig, took Norah Whlttam's hand In his own, and said coolly; “This, Major Hoyle 1” The major’s face was a”perfect picture. But before he could speak Margaret Flynn rushed up and took in tho situation at a glance. “Is she safe? Oh, Major Hoyle, for ono awful moment I thought it was all up—whon I saw hor brake wouldn't work ! We never rido down that hill wlthont a brake. Hadn't wo bettor all oorno back to tho honso ? I'm suro you’re both very much shaken 1 What n won derful escape ' I nover saw anything so plucky I Mr Keith, if yon will help Miss Whittani, the major and 1 will bring tho machine.” Perhaps because she was tho only ono ol them who could boast tho least preten sion to a clear head at that moment she was meekly obeyed, and ton minutes later Norah and tho) now rejuvenated Lieutenant Keith wero collecting their scattered souses in two comfortable arm chairs before a cosy lire ; while the major sat in his Btudy in a very bad temper. Tho major had gloaued one or two details as to the decrepit veteran while Margaret and ho wero bringing home the damaged bicyclo. Ho had all an old soldier’s admiration for strategy, oven though In this caso he had boen Its victim: And if ho sent this young follow about his business, tho story of how ho had boon taken in—flattered, peoplo would say, by having a higher rank than his own accorded to him (how that “general” rankled 1) would bo all over the country side 1 Moreover, he had the highest admiration for pluck and promptness, and I ho remembered uncomfortably that he ' had stamped about and shouted while this young fellow had quietly acted. As for having forbidden him the house— well, ho was sitting In the diningroom at present, and in Ills (the major’s) arm And hero came a knock at tho door, and Margaret entered. “ You know,” Bhe said solemnly, “there’s no doubt about it that ho saved Norah's llfo, and I’ve come to talk to yon.” “ My dear," said the old Major, after she had pleaded the lovers' cause well and eloquently, “ you would coax the very blrdB off their bushes 1 Porhaps — perhaps I’ve boen a foolish old man.” And then they went Into the dining room together. Jack Keith rose as they entered. “ I ought to apologise, sir,” he began ; “ but I had to find some way of seeing her. I hadn’t any idea—as yet—beyond gotting a sight of her again—and I-” And then he stopped, for something like a smllo was playing round the grim old month. “ I have to thank yon, sir, for saving my nleco'a lifo," said tho major; “but, by Jove 1 you young rascal ”—and his tone changed—“ do yon think there Is no penalty attached to hoodwinking a superior officer, and gottiug money ont of him under falso pretences 1 I've a good mind to pass sontence upon yon myself 1" There was a twinkle In the mnjor’s eye which was reassuring. “ Penal servitude for life, my boy," he said grimly. “ And ”—pointing to Norah, who hold her lover’s hand as though she i Intended to share any punishment — • there’s your gaoler for you I” 