flt the Sign or ?our 0'. The Hunt Club Ball 011 Friday last went with a brilliant swing from start to finish. Whether it was that the Town Hall floor was better than usual, the music more inspiriting, or the dancers feeling ]if e was worth living, I don't know. A mere man told me it was the supper: the stuffed peacock, with its gaudy tail spread out on the vice-regal table, exhilirated him, he said, in fact he felt like Mercury (was if?) with wings 011 his feet. But I daresay he was a little right—a sit-down supper does make things "go" much better than an ordinary cake and coffee set of refreshments. The scarlet and white order of decora* tion was most effective, swathes of it in art muslin, floral devices in scarlet geranium, here and there oak-framed pictures of hunting scenes, stag heads, foxes, whips, and spurs, all went to make up the sum of a striking whole. From the brass chandelier in the centre hung huge, billowy bells in scarlet and white paper. In fact, the decorations were carried out with an eye to art, and a dignified effect which was very charming. But now for the ladies. Among that bright array of satin slippers, low-necked gowns, and long gloves, the ladies who -donned the hunting costume stood out distnct and attractive. Their Eton •coats of "hunting pink" cloth were faced with moire of palest . blue, and turned back from a vest of white satin, • covered with lace, lace cravats fell from the transparent collars, blafek velvet plumed hats topper their powdered hair, . and plain, white satin skirts finished the costume. The wearers were Mrs. Lermitte, Mrs. J. R. Anderson* Mrs. H. R. Dixson, Mrs. E. W. Morris, Misses Bickford, Pile, Smith, Waite, Love. The two young debutantes, Misses E. Melrose, daughter of Mr. James Melrose, and Miss Maud Aldridge, daughter of Mr. J. H. Aldridge. both looked very charming in their dainty white frocks. There were quite a lot of pretty toilettes present, and I asked a mere man which he thought was the prettiest. He didn't reply. So I apologised, saying that, ol course, gowns must pall on a male mind. "Not at all," he said gallantly, "I always praise the good fortune that pei'inits me to see a lot of pretty women in 1 gowns that are the real thing." Now, wasn't that too sweet? Women are getting more sensible about evening frocking now-a- days. They are not so eager to display shapely shoulders; the ghost of influenza stalks ever through a ball-room, consequently our dresses are nearer to our throats, and we even wear the daintiest apology for sleeves in the shape of net or lace coverings. It used to be la mode once upon a time to have one's dress very cut out in tie front and high at the back, but a lady on Friday evening muchly reversed the order of things, and exposed so much of her spinal column to the gaze of a cold and unfeeling world that 1 felt like David Harunrs sister after she'd been to a variety show, "so bashful that she went home and went to bed in the dark." For the sake of lovely woman I must really say things about the inadequate dressing- room accommodation at the Town Hall. When a few hundred ladies try to get into the tiny little room under the dress circle stairs, the c-onseqences are disastrous. While downstairs,, a long, airy apartment, just suited for a dressing-room is full of secondhand furniture waiting to be sold. In fact, the Town Hall of fair Adelaide serves as an auction shop. If the good taste of the City councillors cannot recognise the fact that to let part of the Town Hall for a shop • is not only an insult to the ratepayers, but derogatory to the dignity of the city, it is quite time we got a new lot. Just a fortnight ago I was writing on the unfairness of paragraph writers' booming young things with no talent, thus encouraging them to go and starve in London. I took as example Miss Louie Morrell. who will always be an agreeable drawing-room singer, but a London paper, after a long eulogy, said "she bids fair to follow triumphantly in the steps of Melba." It is a significant fact that Miss Morrell is expected back in Melbourne at the end' of the year, having, been away about 10 months. Another row goes down to the credit of a woman's club. This time it was all about a carpet, and resulted iij one lady shaking the dust of the club^s floor oil her boots and leaving. I wonder why it is that there is so little sisterhood among" wbmen. I knaw many girls will fly out arid say that I am misrepresenting my sex, arid that the dove of peace is ever brooding .over our organizations. He may brood, but he doesn't light. We have the theories all right, but when it comes to practice we slip up. Nine women out of ten will confide in a man, and trust him in preference to one of their own sex. No. matter how you try to reason it out .and find the cause you can't arrive at any solution of the mystery. . . . . . There is no fault in the calendar that women have that men haven't to a more marked degree. , They are just as vain and jealous and cussed as we are—some of them. But they will stick together. And if they don't like a man they keep away from hini. But we women start a bazaar eft- a, cjub or any old thing, and biff!—in half an hour there's a big row on. Mr. H. Byron Moore, the popular secretary of the Victorian Racing Club, has brought a new delight into the lives of children: he lias written a delightful child's book—How the Cruel Imp became a Good Fairy. It is the quaintest ever, full of the daintiest pictures. Just read this, the description of a doll's party, "Then all of a suucLen she saw about one hundred little children dolls come upstairs. They were all in beautiful dresses; and as if by magic there was a lovely feast in the drawing-room, and they had apples and oranges about the size of peas, bottles of lemonade about the size of melon seeds, and almonds and raisins so small it wanted a magnifying glass to see them, buns and cakes the size of buttons, jellies, custards, and trifle, and little crackers that made a noise as loud as snipping one linger nail against another/' Is there anything more charming? It makes one long to be a wee girl again to enjoy it. It has a most attractive cover, and is beautifully illustrated by F. J. Sheldon. G. J. S. Ross, T. G. Moore, and H. Winkelmann. The whole proceeds of the sale of this book is to go to the Children's Hospital. It is now on sale at Sands & McDougairs, in King William- street, and every mother should buy one for her child. The following sarcastic paragraph culled from the leaves of Vanity Fair, shows that the servant question has gone beyond everything in London. The writer says: "I hear that when a servant advertises for a 'place' the British aristocracy now crowds the neighborhood of her residence with their carriages. Those ladies whose references are satisfactory are allowed in to the girl's reception; but even where the salary for the three years' engagement, and the list of other servants, meet her views, she seems to be as uncertain as an operatic tenor. This hint might be of use to ladies: A little tact in always keeping one of your daughter's bicycles clean and ready, and a piano at liberty; and % little politeness in engaging several 'lady scullery-maids' to do any work there may be to be done, will, I think, solve all difficulties." Consumed with a desire to see dainty Irene Franklin, I went to the Tivoli Theatre, and got in in time for the mixup on the first part of the programme. A young person was dancing, and all I could see was an occasional glimpse of a twinkling foot, a nodding curl, or half an ear, the rest was hat, a pale blue straw, rounder than two soup plates, with black plumes branching across the line of vision of anybody sitting behind. I got even with the wearer by moving my seat; but it's too bad of people wearing huge hats like that, and awfully bad form, by the way, a trim sailor is the usual thing. I'm sure a simple request from the management for every lady to remove her hat 011 entering would be acceded to. At least it would by lodiesl But to return to Irene. She's the ehippiest, daintiest, quaintest little woman we've seen 011 the variety stage for a long time. Her methods are so simple and unstrained. Her chicken song is the sweetest ever, but then so is Pliny, and the Golden Gates. And if anybody wants to see perfection in hands and arms, just go and see Miss Irene. I've never seen anything so lovely as her . plump arms and dimpled digits. By the way, her song of the Golden Gates, inside which she expects to find the streets "paved with carpet—Brussells carpet," reminds me of a story I heard of two sharebrokers who, when they got inside the Golden Gates, found things so quiet after the call-room that they started running races for £10 aside. ._.,,-. Critic photo] NOTABLE HOMES. Uhlenhorst, the residence of Mr. J. M. Wench. Mrs. Lundy read a paper on the American Girl at the May Club on Tuesday afternoon. The speaker, who was introduced by Miss Harris Browne, spoke in a soft, though clear voice, without any American twang except a noticeable conversion of the hard "u" into "oo,"' such as "introdooce". or. "eonsoome." Mrs. Lundy, speaking of the liberty of the American girl. said, "rarely do they abuse their liberty," and "though able to hunt, shoot, and swim, are not hoydens, only practical, lovable girls." "Theii conduct is governed- by their own individual ideas of social right and wrong, and a chaperone would feel out of place at their elbow." "Their self-reliance is mainly gained through- attending, a boys' and girls' school, where they are taught that their brains and minds are as capable of hard work and good results as their brothers'. Though they do not vote, they read, and can talk politics with their fathers. They are active, and the active woman finds no time for idle jealousy and petty gossip. The American girl has never been called either clumsy, stooping, or lazy. There are many ladies' clubs in America, and the speaker hopes, for the sake of the Australian girls, there will soon be some here." LADY KITTY. 