BliO AIM? RIM'S GREATER NEW YORK LETTER. Easter, the grandest holiday of .all the year, has come and gone. It tells the story of promises redeemed with precious blood, suffering and death. . It was the . price paid for the redemption .of unnum bered millions. The day of suffering, of sorrow, and death is past. Millions upon millions of grateful worshippers on bendod knees acknowledge the obligation. ? The most sorrowful story that history records is the scene -enacted along - the Via Dolorosa, across the Valley of Skulls, up the blood-stained side of Calvary, where the Saviour of Mankind paid with His life the penalty of. others' guilt and sin. It seems as though Nature.-affrighted and appalled at (he enactment of the terrible tragedy which has no parallel in the ^his tory of time-made its feelings manifest when lightning blazed in the heavens and rocks were rent- in twain and above . the roar of the warring elements was heard the last words on earth of God's Son in His. mortal form : *" It is finished; ifc is finished." The thunder rolled, and with a great cry He gave up - the ' ghost. It was but forty-eight hours since shout-* ing thousands with mockery and curses followed the Saviour of Mankind to His death. On a bright Sabbath morning, two days later, in the early morning, Mary the mother of Jesus and Mary Magdelene sought the tomb where He for whom they were mourning had been laid away. It was a hole -in the roclra and before the entrance was rolled a mighty stone. As the mourners approached what they believed the last resting- place of their teacher and friend, they found the stone rolled away. The tomb was empty. The Roman guards had fled, and the angel spake and said: " Fear not ye, for I know that ye seek Jesus. All Hail! Jesus is Risen!" And now for the first time His followers began to understand the last earthly words of the dying Saviour: " It is finished; it is finished " What was finished? Millions have supposed this bitter cry referred to his suffering and death, but under the splendors and .the light of that bright Easter morning they saw it was the last chapter iu His redemption of mankind. It was the task that was finished and com plete; thenceforward to the end of time the heavens should re-echo with the anthem, " Glory to God in the highest, peace on earth, good will to men." The Easter Sabbath of 1900 broke on us like a benediction; the sun was bright, the azure background was unflecked by a single cloud. Happy faces filled the streets and crowded the churches-for one day at least a sinful world seems to have put aside its daily task and to give thanks with grateful hearts for the blessings for the year which had gone. Even from the battlefields of South Africa and the Philip pines we fancied we could almost see through the rifted clouds of an uncertain future the signs of returning peace. Prosperity is being felt in every portion of the land. The prices for everything pro duced have increased, all the great work shops and factories are taxed to their utmost eap.icifcv, and one of the most gratifying proofs that prosperity has come to stay is that many of our lar^e corporations, unawed by the labor unions, have volun tarily advanced the wages of their employes from 10 to 30 per cent. Among the remarkable features of the present indus trial prosperity is that England is now i buying millions of tons of coal, and other nations of Europe are sending orders amounting to hundreds of millions for machinery and railroad supplies of all kinds, while emigration from every portion of the world is rashing in upon us at the rate of thousands every day. _ To under stand the prosperous condition of the laboring classes we have only to consider the pay of a laborer iu Italy with the pay of a street sweeper in New York. _ Among the laboring classes in the agricultural districts a strong, healthy laboring man receives as a compensation for his labor from the rising of the sun to the going down of same from 20 to 25 cents a. day. While in New York the street sweeper receives eight times. 25 cents, or $2 per day, equalling the labor of eight Italians in their native land. But the Italian in Italy and the. Italian in the United States are two characters, as different as the characters of Jekyll and Hyde. In Italy you might walk over him without resistance; in the United States he walks over you. He hais scarcely pat. Ilis toot upon our shores, he gives us a uew judicial code; he cames to its normal significance the motto, " An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth or, if it happens to be a whole set of teeth, fixed to a trolden plate, it soon finds its wav to the pawnbroker's, the Italian's Land of Piomise. While I write nearly a. thousand Italians engaged on the Croton Aqeuduct Works, without warning have taken possession of the works and para lyzed the trade of the surrounding country. They hold the works to-day in defiance of law, and have notified the authorities that if the soldiers are brought-out they:are ready to meet them, and- have plainly told the contractors that no further work can be done without their permission. The fear that now meets the company is that some of these' desperadoes may destroy the entire water-works system, which they control, with dynamite. The confidence with which this Italian padrone speaks to the regularly appointed officials of the city of his power to call off or bid destroy the thousands of murderous rioters under his control discloses a state of affairs which will not be tolerated by any part of the American people. The law is supreme and will be vindicated no matter what the cost-. Day after day its final arbitrament must be left to the red right hand, and the Lex Taglionis must be the judgment which shall punish these violators of the law. Yisoied heluiets were worn by the "heavy llouian cavalry. The battl« of Hastings was won by the superior skill of the Norman archers. Pliny ascribes the invention of the sling to the Phoenicians, about 2,000 fi C. Industry is Fortune's right hand, and F« u^ality her left. Third-class railway fares in India are less than a fathing a mile. The British <r.P.O\ pays <£1,250,000 a year for the carriage of English mails. J Printed and Published every Friday j morning by the sole Popnetor, : .TAMES SCAXDBETT, at the Office of the ' KAPUNDA HERALD, Hill-street, Kapunda, where orders, advertisements, andcommurii cations will be received 