THE EXPERIENCES OF A MEDIUM. A materialising medium whs is wellkaowa in apiritualiatic oirclea is Madame D'EsperaaoC, concerning whom "-Light " has published some acBomat of the way ID which she began -to know that the invisible world is as real as that which is visible. Ia her case .it seems indeed as if the invisible world was at firstthe more real of the two. ' From her infancy Mftdvmo D'Esptrauce dwelt among the spsoks, seeing them moving in and eut among man and as hutnaa as he» own panatn. . "-So- far ssl know, the.first real thought I ever took ui connection with theso expenenoes was when necessity arose for defining and separating themfrom theexporienoea of the worka. day world'; whea ' I oame gnduallf to the maderstondwg \- that the world in which I aps&t; moat of the.day Wasinot «ba same world that the people raaad about nae inhabited.. The discovery did not trouble KB, I fanoy I was ratkor proud of being the sole prepiietor of a world to which my nurse and ethera of the workaday world had no entree V where, the peoplo were 1 kinder and quainter* ' It was a wonderful laad,- and'I never tired ol relating its marvels and beauties, till one dayl was told that I was old eaongb to leave off rsmaawag and weaving absurd- stories: fit took me come timeto understand that my stories were uot bdieved, but when I did my in dignatiaa was bonndloss. I learned, howeveri at last, tiiat there are some things it is as well net-to teik about to everyone ; so I:: gradually left olf translating the voices of the wind er tb» sbBgB of eh* bird*,, which:. nobody - beKoved, o only called ronaaoing—a word which I grew to hate, ,: " To compensate: for this I took muob more comfort in my human (?) companions, who inhabited what I call my 'shadow ' land, though they were anything but shadows to me. They Trere always k'lsd. If 1 passed them on the stalls, or ia the otd-faehioned rooms, they^ greeted me with friendly smiles. They seemed tolike-to-haveme watohingthem as they moved ' about, aad this I often did. Sometimes strangers came, but for the most part I grew to recognise them all, and loved them dearly. ". " One- old lady who frequently occupied a seat- near tho chimney corner attracted-me ; she-looked : so sweet and gentle in the quaint white head-dress and ^lace .fichu ahe wore, as. she sat with swiftly moving fingersunder which' a stocliiBg was always being formed. The mion. -fascinated ms u .I observed, time after time/ how 1be deft fingers manipulated the'y&rn; and ths-gliltering needles, till the idea came to me that I might leara baw to knit from watching her. ' " I teaeed: my amrse to, supply me with the necessary -materials, and then tried hard to imitate the movements of my shadow.friend..... -' They -.said .our house was haunted, and! gruesome stories were told of the ghosts who perambulated is ' many empty r*nos.' Imr horribly afraid of ghosts. I didn't kBBW"«hat they were, ' but . all the same, 1 was afraid of them ; afraid to move from one room-to another without my shadow friends for company ; afraid to be left alone: in bed uoless I taw the fnendly. face ar smile of one of them, aadj felt Certain they would protect me from the dreaded ghosts. With them I fcaewao tear; .dark'.rooms had no terrors for me. I would ' spend hours ia the haunted roams, content to know that my shadow friends were an allsufficient- protection ..against,, the ghosts; but without them I wu the veriest coward. This seeming inconsistency gained for me the reputaticn of being 4 queer.'" : ' "MadameD'Eiperaoce had her ears boxed fnc describing the: old lady from siudowlaad who knitted so quickly io the chimney comer. 'But she got «ver that. - . What .filled her.child sou with boiror was the assurance given her-by the doctor " that other, .people 'see those things, but:-they -are -mad... -''From that moment she shuddered with dread whenever she saw them, believing «ach apparition was a proof that hei reason -was going; " At last, to her great delight, she fonnd that they appeared but'seldom andalmost entirely vanished.-. . ?'Whett«t school,Madame D'Esperance had a s- very. eacions«xperiencs. She bad to write aoi essay on- Natare,..'.- " My attempts at writing only resulted in wasted paper, headaches; er miserable tears at my ncH-suecess, I began to dtspair of ever preduciog a readable sentence. - Every moroing-I rosB wiih tho detemuttatkon- to write something before nigbt, sad: each Bight I west to bed resolved to keep awake to think out sometbing before morning ; but thoughts woald not come —Dtitler in the daylight nor in the eight. " At last, when it had reached to within three days of the allotted -time, and I hadstill -done nothing, I was . driven to my knees and prayed long and earnestly that God 'would send me thoughts. When I toent to bed that night I took with me candles; paper, land pencils/intending, ...ji— when ,1.- the ether ... girls • '-- were ' asleep, . to . - light my-candles aad begin to wrile ; . but, alas , for me, they . woald: net let me have a light, and, tn despair,Tcned myself te sleep. : " Next .morning, when miserably galihcriag np the scattered iheete • of paper from the floor where they .had fallen,-! discovered that they were 'eorerefl by closoly-weitten lines, which luraed'BUt 10 be a .chansing(:Well- tboughl^ont essay.: This, after due considcratiDn, I-was allowed to send m as my work; the handwriting being unmistakably my own, though theideas -Were clearly from .a wiser and older head. .' " My story of.hoir I bad prayed f»r Ihongbtit to be'eiven to me, together with-my-own eomsambulic propensities," was - accepted as the probable" explanation ef the -otherwise myaterieos occurrence. ' . . :. -v.-.' \- " Boms years later, when I bad exchanged the- busy, occupied life of eldest-daughter ia a Urge family for that of a young wife who for several hours a day was left to her own comjiany,-! was horrified to. find tbe shadow peopli reappear, and I becsn to betonnented'by the old fear of a diseased brain.: I never apoke rinf th^se strange visions, I was tes much afraid of people thtiikii.g me mad ; but the weary secret was a torture to me, Then Madame D'^flperance began to hear about spirituabsm,. Sho scpffrdjal first, but eras soon convinced, and a great peace and rest cause to her. ^Bhe got automatic writing eud thea she. began" to sketch' psrtrait of the ehadow people. . These were generally done io the dark, as 1 found Jhat. -thei dsrlcness ,,acted as a bode- -ground, threwia^ into (ttroajr relief evsry omall detail oE Jth* Bgore I tried to sketch. . AhfintI wu tiBiieh surprised as am body to find i had actually soccecded in malbng a tolerably accuratedntwiag huSersuch conditions. - J did not understand how I did it; alll knewiwaa tbat to me it was not dark. Most of the pottiaits eo drawn were: idecti£ed- and claimed ' by 'the' fneadavf theportiayed per son,'so thatoat- af: -Soaae hundredsdrawo'X only reltfinra half-dozen or so which were pot *ecogui»ed After- esperisients for fireor six.years, ,they; began, to :experiment,for materiaGsatiaa, At the fourth sittiBg.— "-•••-;'• ••'," "'1 : "TIJB» eitting outside tbe cabinet declared that they aawV hand, then a face; -appear be- : tween the openings of ibe oartains. - 1 (eitting la -tiie' darkness") ' saw- nothing, and-was di»: tioctly.lECtedulour. lBrest outsidethecartMns to bave . a flook. jbot fouad to my diunay that my - limis - wonld hardly bear me, I did see fue, bot sank into my chair iemediatelr, feaiiog ttrangely, weak and pewerloas; and a sort of fat-awayTfrom-tverybody sensation bight-: ,ened me ' veiy miuji. Wbile in the cabinet I >eard tbe remarks «f the prcjAe outride ilia- tinctly, though they sreined to bBspe&king; miles away; Tbey were talking to tbe-ownerof the face I ha$ seen, inviting htm to corns out, J but be- dsehned ton ith» «eore«f : having an clothes. i. J . -<\- - * During the interval between that evening and our next meeting, my friend, Urs.F,aud I manufactured some garments out of some old ones which we intended to plaoe at the disposal S our SBfraage visitant should he coma again. A garment was taken to the seauce room and huvg up within the cabinet, ready for use when tho spirit came. He did some, aud examicsd - the garment -critically, but was evidently nat ao pleased with it as we were, for he rolled-it -up- and threw it vat into the room : afterwards steppingouthlmseU fullyclotheain a robe of purer, finer, aad awregiaoeful fashion, than that which we had pmided. This was the. be^inamg of a—to me—new phase of mediumship, and, curiously tuough^ the more it was: cultivated the more difficult it became to obtain any other kind of phenomena, showing that the orae phase was cultivated at the expense of'tta ether." , In a book written by M. Aksakoff, *'A esse of partial dematerialiation af a medium body; a detailed aoconnt appears af .a materialifiiag seance. giveu hy Madame D'Bsperanoeat^Hek singfora,: in, Dec., MB J,Jifr the urgent request of -epicatuatistavvf high socfal standing. In a snbaequent.letter to M. AkaakoB, Madame D*B«peranM«T»tei— " The peciihar tbiag about this seance consists r jn the -'disappearaace of, half my body, wtileh1 aaly foasd aat by aooidmt. My head,' ar rather the nape of my necfc, was giving me a Igood dpal ef pais, and 1 raossed ar hands be-.: hind mjhoadto stipport lt, . wbiidi seemed to relieve:me.£My anas got tbsd w tbat parition, and WHbiag to rest them on my knaes,^! found, r that my legs tvere : gahe, aad that mjr hands, UBtead of retttaj on toy koeei, were oa ths chair. That frightened me a little, aad I wished to know whether it was-true, or if I was dreaming.: "• There ass light enough,' so I called the attention ot . the . person 'silting nrxtme totbe strange tbiag'; he examined lue chair, and so did foor «f thsjotber«, and th»y all deolared it : was true,^ad that only the upper part of my body was really there. The chaif had only mv dress en it ; njyarnM,«houldera, and chest m e : in the proper plaoe above the chair... I conld speak, move my arms and 'head, driok water, and «vea feel my .legs: and feet, jilthniub they, were act there. During all this time the farms came and went, but they only showed themselves ; hands : af-different shapes and sixes touched those who were:nearest the cabinet. 1 think it must bava continued an lour from tto time 1 Brat ois covered my sfersiqte eoBditKNa, which was long eunuch to verify it, and qmfco long enough for. me, who did not knpw.if over I would get back my -legs and bs able to go heme, a -doubt that madetne nervous." Jf.sUankeff and the other sitters corroborate the • envHe truth fulness of the foregoing statement; ands^he formerthinks that partial dema- .tociali>atiommay be afar more frequent pher nomeaoa tbaa .is at all suapectad. Thu pftrience - went - toconfirm bis .theory about th source from which tho' " spirits draw the substance for their materialisations. That theory is that there are thiee degrees of materialisation. \- In the .first .degree, we have " invisible materialisation"—invisible-:.to the mul^tude, but net to the clairvoyant. In the second decree we have the visible aad tangible materialisation of bands, faces, and other parts of the body.' In the.third^egree we have fall forms: In all cases the utter most come freca somewhere, and M. Aksakoff believes it comes from tbe mediam. ,',-.'•.'"•...-' A peculiarity of Madame: D'tfsperaace's me? jfinnuhip la said to be that by a bargain with the spirits; she never goes laio a trance, and always Bits outsids-the cabinet, aad, although ehe becomes passive to tke.point of indifference; ehe always knews all thst goes an. 