A Valuable Life. CHAPTER XV. TH B FLAME IN THE SOCKET Chlo-fet' herselfsqme'hing of a trai'rers. She reproached herself for net having told the nurse what she meant to do. She liked to be fair and straight. forward. But at the same time she saw that tf she Bad told the nurse that she was going to Bleep in the next room, her purpose would have been frustrated. After this first night, Nurse Ellen might know and welcome. But she first wished to know what was going on wben nobody was at hBod to check tbe nurse's ways of dealing with her patient. It seemed wrong several limes to Chloe that none of Miss Kettlewell's relations should be staying in the houre at night. Dr. Fleming and Mr. Corbet had spent two or three nigbt3 there, certainly, and Mrs.' Fleming and her daughters had come during the day ; but Miss Keltlewells known dislike to Mrs. Fleming, as well as Miss Wedder burn's insulting speeches, had put barriers in the way of her remaining j and at nigbt, therefore, tbe old lady was usually left to the care of tbe two nurEea and Mrs. Green. As long as the nurtes were trust worthy, this arrangement was all right j but Cnloe bad taken a dislike and distrust of the younger of the two, tbe one known as Nurso Ellen. The other nurse, Sister Mary, was a thoroughly sensible and reliable woman, wbotn everyone liked and respected. But It was she who bad brought Nurse Ellen as her assistant, and Cbloe bad a natural dis like to complaining of tbe younger woman until she was certain that she had not been mistaken in her doubts. Perhaps they came only from Nurse Ellen's rather sharp -and disagreeable manner. SlsterMary was a)lady ; Nurse Ellen was not. And her rosy, underbred face, her twinkling black eyes and immense bush of frizzled black hair, awoke an irritable feeling within Chloe's gentle boBom whenever ebe saw the girl. Still, as she lay down on her camp bed near the door that led into Miss Kettle well's hanging cloeet and thence into tbe bedroom, Chios vowed to herself that she would never condescend to underhand, measures again ; they were humiliating, and, especially if Nurse Ellen were indeed faithful to her trust, horribly degrading in their eSect upon tbe mind. She could not burn a light, lest it should sblne through the cracks of tbe door, but the broad moonlight shone into the room and gave as much illumination as she de sired. She took off her dress and wrap ped a loose, soft dressing gown round her ; then she awaited the course of events. She knew that she was a light sleeper, and would awaken at the slightest sound if she were at all on the alert, so she bad no hesitation in sleeping for a little time At twelve she would rouse herself and make sure whether tbe nurse gave Miss Kettlewell the medicine and the nourish ment which were ordered at that hour. But suddenly she awoke from the light slumber into which she bad dropped with an uneasy feeling, and a start. Some. one had come into her room. Someone was gliding towards the door which led to the hanging closet and Miss Kettlewell's room. Who could it be ? Tbe moonlight bad shifted, and left Chloe's couch in darkness. The newcomer had evidently no idea that anyone was in the room. The figure was that of a tall, slight woman in black, with black drapery over her head — so strangely like that of a nun that Chloe involuntarily recalled the legend of a ghostly novice who was said to haunt the bouse after being murdered by a wicked abbess when King's Leigh was a convent in pre-Reformation times. The story was old and shadowy, and no one . within living memory was reported to have seen tbe ghost, but Chloe's mind reverted to it instantly, and she wondered, with a shiver, whether its appearance heralded the approach of death. Then her senses and memory came back to her, and she almost laughed. Of course it was Sister Mary gliding through the room on her way to pay a midnight visit to Miss Ktttlewell. Chloe felt relieved, and yet a little surprised. For had not Mrs. Green impressed upon her that neither of the nurses knew of tbe concealed entrance to Miss Ket'.lewell's room? It was for that reason that she hail chosen to spend tbe night in a place whence she could command entrance at her will; for she had a strong suspicion that Nurse Ellen always locked the dressing-room door against visitors at eleven. And yet Sister Mary came that way when she went to make n midnight inspection of tbe patient and the night nurse. Cbloe did not move. She hoped that Sister Mary would not see her, for she felt rebuked in her own mind for baying suspected— any-waot of care. Even if. Nurse Ellen was inefficient or uncon scientious, no doubt Sister Mary would step in to remedy all defects. So she watted quietly in her dark corner, while the black figure passed her by, pressed tbe button of tbe door ioto the hanging closet, and made her entrance ioto Miss Kettlewell's room, leaving, as Chloe was quick to notice, tbe doors behind her just ajar. Nurse Ellen's heavy breathing could then be distinctly heard. As Chloe had surmised, she bad made arrangements for her own comfort, and fallen fast asleep ; (berewas no appearance of her being ready to wake, for she did not arouse herself even wbentbeelder nurse entered the room; she snored lustily in her armchair, leaving the necessities other patient to chance, Chios listened keenly. She expected to hear tbe sounds of her awakening, of Sister Mary's severe reproof, of the slight clink of medicine bottle aud spoon and glass, which would show that the nurses were complying with tbe orcierB given by Dr. Fleming. But she hiard nothing at a'l. What could S ater Mary be doing ? Why did Ebe. not wake her assistant ? Did she imagine that Norse E len bad already attended to Miss Ktiteweli'a require ments? There seemed a lull, an extraor dinary Bilence in the room ; the night nurse still breathed heavily; but tbere was no.other sound, and Chlo&'s'oetves began to feel the strain of the unnatural silence. It seemed to her as though it would be a relief to scream. What sound was it that came at last ? A most unexpected and unaccustomed sound indeed. The turn of a key in a loc!x ; the opening of a drawer — then the rustle of papers, with odd silences be tween. Chloe drew herself into a sitting position on the edge of her bed and deli berated. Sbe felt that she should very much like to know what Sister Mary was doing. Not that she distrusted her — oh, no, she was sure that Sister Mary was good and honourable and true; but — what was she doing at Cousin Keturah's boxes and chests of drawers ? For, as it hap pened, Chloe was familiar with tbe sound of the clicking key. that she had beard: Some sounds stamp themselves upon our memory in such a way that we can recall and recognise them to tbe last day of our lives ; and Chloe distinctly remembered hearing tbnt click as a child, wben she stood one day in Cousin Keturah's room, in dire disgrace upon some forgotten count, and when Cousin Keturah had solemnly unlocked |a (cedar-wood box in her presence and remarked, ' Now, my dear, I am going to scratch your name out of my will.' It was a grotesque, almost a farcical incident, for Chloe knew that Miss Kettle well had only been playing upon her childish fears ; but she would remember tbe click of that key in the lock to her dying day. What was Sitter Mary doing with Miss Kettlewell'3 cedar-wood box? Some prescription was misBing, per haps, some paper of instructions, and tbe nurse thought that it bad been placed in one cf the drawers, or in the box ; that must be the explanation of her actions, Even then, Chloe's indignation began to wax hot witbin her. No nurse had any business to ransack Cousin Keturah'e boxes and chests of drawers. Sbe herself would never have presumed to do such a thing. No, hateful though her errand was, she must present herself in tbe next room, and arrest Sister Mary's band, Sie rose, gathered her sweeping robe in one hand, so that it should not betray her approach, made her way to the ward robe, and Etood for a monent at the half open door into the bedroom, surveying the scene. The fire cast a dull red glow upon the ceiling and the polished furniture. Before it, in a great chinlzcovered chair, reclined Nu»S3 Ellrn, sound asleep. Round the high mahogany four-posted bedstead, the damask curtains were partially dravyn, but Chloe could see the high frilled pillows, and tbe woru old face upon them, the white sheet upon which Miss Kertlewell's thin hand was lying, and the satin quilt which rusted on the white counterpane. Sister Mary's tall, dark Sgure was bent above an open drawer. A candlestick was in one of her hands ; tbe lighted candle threw strange flickering shadows of the veiled head about the room as she moved it hither and thither in search of something that she evidently hoped to find. The :cdar-wood box seemed to be Inside the drawer, and the restless, prying fingers hastily turned over the papers which it contained, pausing now and then, appar ently as if to give their owner an opportu nity of considering the nature of some specially interesting document. Chloe hesitated no longer. Sbe walked silently across the room, and, laying a hand on the black-sleeved arm, said in a low, distinct voice — ' What are you doing with Miss Kettle well's papers, Sister Mary ? ' ? Then she recoiled. It was not the face of Sister Mary that looked at her from under tbe sombre veil. Cbloe was not easily frightened, nor 'easily dismayed, but something like absolute terror passed through her as she looked into the cold blue eyes of Lavinia Wedderburn. ?You. ! ' sbe exclaimed, her hands drop ping to her sides. To be continued 