The Cryptogram. CHAPTER XLI. BACK FROM THE DEAD. Lieutenant Boyd Was silent for an in stant, aria I saw that he was a Httle Btag geredby the bold daring of the accusation. Then, looking Rutbven straight . in the eves.. he said, in a curt and significant tdne of voice : , , . . * I am glad to nave found Bomeone who can.give'infdrinatlon Concerning Cuthbert Mackenzie, and I will remember you when certain investigations now pending are taken up by the Hudson Bay Company. Shall I make my meaning clearer V ?As you please,' muttered Ruthven, with an air of forced calmness, , ' It is needless ; I think we understand each other,' the lieutenant continued.' 'As for. the prisoner, and the charge you have made against, bin), I won't enter into that matter at present. Did you arrest him with a warrant V ?No.' 1 Then you can't hold him. Set him at liberty, and I will guarantee that you will find him at Fort Garry when you are ready to serve the proper papers on him.' . 'It's likely I'll believe, tbat,' sneered Rulbven. ' I tell you the man is'guiltyV I have witnesses— proofs of the murder.' VI don't care what you have,' cried the lieutenant. ' I want the man at ^once — I have parleyed.wlth you far^too IoDg., If you do not produce him I will search the bouse.' Rutbven sat glowering like a tiger at bay.* He, scanned our resolute little party, ?nd 'looked helplessly at the sullen faces of Ibis Own men. 'I yield to. force of , arms,1 he said, hoarsely, ' but protest against this unjusti fiable outrage. Lagarde, brfrig 'the fellow out. , . ^ . , The stbrekeeper bad meanwhile returned tot.be. room, and, at Ruthven.'s bidding, he entered jo a'paritnent in the rear .and partljr^Jlpssd tbe..dpor,fcfebi»dhim, .FflrtB brief interyai we waited in silence, hearing only . an .indistinct .murmur ot, .voices. Tbeq J^agaide reappeared, followed by the -prisoner. At,sight of, the man my , be^st , gave a wild throb, and a pry of.'aDaazemant was forced to my lips, for there before me, rs dasbidg- lookih'R as ever, biit. .with! cbetks slightly sunken and branched1 from sickness, stood ({Captain Myz.es Ruds'to'nb ? . . _ . . ?Youl' I exclaimed., 'Back from the dead I' 1 It Is.the captain, sure enough I ' shouted ' Carteret. ^ : _ , a t .. I half' expected to see him vanisli la thin air, but my . doubts . were dispelled when he came forward and clasped my band.'' i 3 , '.Tib 'not stare at me as though I was a .ghost,' He said laughingly. 'You see I am real flesh and blood, my- dear Carew. I have turned up again, like a penny.' 'I never dreamed that the prisoner could be you! 'I exclaimed. ' We believed you dead— buried in the snow.' ' It was a'na'aral supposition,' the cap tain said, as he shook bands with Carteret and the lieutenant. ' My good' fellows, I am greatly indebted to you for this ser vice — for your timely rescue. I was awake when you arrived, and overheard the discussion ; but as I was both gagged and bound I could do nothing in my own1 behalf.' . With that; his face darkened, and; striding to the table, he struck it a blow with his fist,, that * set t the bottles and cups all rattling,' and ;ca'dsed Rutbven and his evil comrades to shrink back in their seats. '.--.. ' You and I will have a reckoning later on,' be said to Rutbven. 'Be sure It will come 1 ' 'A word wiib you Capt. Rudstooe,' said Boyd ' I must warn you that you arc charged, with a gra.ve crime, and , that I hcv'a given a pledge for your safe keeping at Fort Garry.' ', What is the accusation? ' 'The..murder of Cutlibert Mackenzie I ' said Ruthven, savagely. Ru^stone shrugged bis shoulders, and .. gave me a meaning arid reassuring glance. ' I reserve my defence. I will Bay no thing at present as to the truth or falsity of thiB charge. Certainly I have done nothing that I would willingly undo—quite £he contrary.' J j f ' I am sure of that,' I said. : ' As for your pledge. Lieutenant,' be continued, ' I give you my word I * shall await Rutbven's pleasure at FortriGarry, a'pd I dafy him to bring his witnesses be fore a competent tribunal. Indeed, I de sire a full investigation of the act with which I am charged,' . ., .(.., ,, ,; i , . As he spoke he glared at Ruthven, and the latter's eyes fell. , 'Well said I ' exclaimed Boyd. ' I per ceive you have grasped the delicate nature of thii. affair, Rudstone. By.the way, I understand you are the bearer of des patches. . Have you got them ? ' : 'That Is a misapprehension,' be replied. ' I have no despatches ; nor did I stop at any of, the company's forts on my joiirv riey from the North. I am bound for Ifort Garry on a private and personal matter,' ,'You.BhaIl accompany ub thereat once,' said Bayd. ? I think we have finished here.' Turning to Ruthven, he added: 'We are going now, sir. Let me warn you to keep your men under control— to . see that ; no shots are fired treacherously .' : ,, 'When we want to shoot, it will riot be behind lybur backs,' Rathven replied, sig nificaajly, and in a voice that trembled witb suppressed passion. 'You will be sorry fqr this night's, work I' Without further words we left tbe house, gathered up our men outside, and crossed the clearing lo tbe woods. We pushed an more rapidly to tbe horses, and one of the men ga|ye bis steed to Captain Ru'dstbne, and mounted behind a companion, As we rpde oi- a trot towards fheiort, the. capj: tain, who w'a'B in front, T3etwe'en'Bbyd anci myself, related to us in confidence tbe thrilling Btory of bis adventures. He spoke in low tones, far it. was not. advisable that toe rest should hear a narrative which ought properly to have come to the (actor's ear first, j ' I shall spin ihe yarn briefly, and with ,out going into detail,' he began. ' My disappearance on tbat nigbt when we were encamped near Fort Charier was a very simple thing, I was on duty, you will remember, and I either beard — or imagined Ijh,eard--the report, of a . musket, within half. 'a mile. Hoplrig to learn wbat.Jt' njeant, I.yenl.i^red .tjp(o far. .^The,, Jesuit was that I lost my bearing?, and wandered about in tbe blinding , slortn. I , shouted af iotervale, and fired a couple of shots.* At last, when nearly exhausted, I came across a recess, unjler , some rocks. I crawled lnt'o'it— it was warm— and there I slept aB I never'sle'pt Kelore. I' awoke to find myself snowedup, and with great trouble I dug myself out. It was then late in the afternoon of the next day. I had no Idea of my bearings, and after tramping until twilight I stumbled upon a camp, and found myself Cuthbert Mackenzie's prisoner,', 1 And did you kill him ? ' I gasped. , 'Wait j .1 am .coming to that. Macken zie bad some Indians with him, and was op the way South, Hqkqew, me, and be swore that he would shoot me at day break. We held some, cdnveraaiiori, during which he admitted that he bad in stigated and led the attack on Fort Royal. He raesot tokill me, I could .gee, i#od ,J felt pretty blue when I was bound fast to a tree.' , ', You worked your, bonds loose, I sup pose ?' inquired Boyd. , ; No ; I was saved in another way,' said the captain — ' by your old friend Grey Moose, Carew. It seems tbat he and o dozen redskins had been following Mac kenzie up on account of some old grudge —some act of false dealing — and that night they surprised and attacked the camp. They cut me looBe first, seeing tbat I |was a prisoner, and I took part in tbe ccrimmage. I grappled with Mackenzie aod overpowered him, and to save my own life I bad tostab him to the heart' ? ' He deserved It,' said I. ' It was a just retribution. And how did the fight turn out?' (' Two of Mackenzie's party escaped, and tbe rest wore killed,' Captain Rudstone ariswercd. - I knew little of it at tbe time, for IjwaB shot through;the\''shoulder and fainted from loss pf blood. t Grey. Moose and bis braves I'carrieinfe ;to an Indian village some miles to the West, tended ma until I was recovered, arid then supplied mewith a sledge and food for the long journey, South. .And it,, ended,, as yau know, la cay fajliri&intb; the bands of those North- West Company ruffians a few miles from my destination.' 'But bow do you suppose Ruthven knew- of the affair ?' asked Boyd.- , \- 'From the two Indians who escaped,' replied tbe captain ;' they must., nave pushed right on down the country. 1 I'll tell you more of my story another- time. Yonder,- if I am not mistaken j are f the lights of Fort Garry.' ' ; To be continued. 