AMUSEMENTS. STAR OF FRIENDSHIL' REIBEIKAH LODGE. On Tuesday evening the Star of Friendship Rebekahs Lodge, 1.0.0 F., held a ladies' night in the Temperance Hall, and -there was a large gathering of their friends. The chair was filled by Grand Secretary Bro. Smith, and he was supported by Bro E. Anderson, G.M., - Bro. A. Armstrong, D.G.I., Bro: P. Barnet; P.G.M., and visit ing sisters from Guiding Star, Star"of Industry, and Prahran Lodges. ..--The pro ceedings were opened with a.-?iano solo by Mliss Phillips, and )laster Quigley sang a comic song. Mr Buckley, juu., followed with the song "I seek for thee in every flower." Mr Richards recited' The village ghost" Ba?bies M'Donald, two diminutive lassies, danced the Highland fling very nicely and were awarded floral tributes. Mr Mugile's "'Iocked in the cradle of the deep" was very good; Miss L. Urwin sang "Life's lullaby" very correctly. An Irish jig was ably exposited by Misses 3Macdonald and Lang. who also were awarded floral tributes. Mr P. J. Gubbins. brought down the house ' ith his recitation, " A woman of mind." and responded to an encore with "A tale of a nose." Iliss Nellie Wade's-" Sun shine and rain " was undoubtedly the gem of the evening. GM . Bro. Anderson then, on behalf of the Star of Friendship Lodge, presented Sister Percy, of the Guiding Star Lodge, with an emblematic .silver star, suitably inscribed, as a 'inark of esteemn and of the great assistance she had been to the lodge. Sister Percy feelingly responded, and promised the sisters any help that' was in her lIower to give. Recitation. "How we beat the favorite." Master Quigley; song, "Motherland," Master Phillips ; song, ' The sleeping camp," Mr Cusworth; duet, " Life's dream is o'er," Misses Amey and L. Urwin; song (comic), Master Quigley. During the evening refreshments were handed round the room, and,.altogether, the entertainment was ably and successfully ,.aried~nat>.'I· ·lt~rs... i ONTEST. t W C.T.U. held their grand medal contest' Mr. Moore occupied the chair. The piece selected for the competition was entitled "The two fires," and six exponents faced d the audience, mliss Djaisy Daw annexing the medal with 63 points. The action songs by Miss Stoneman-s girls' choir were very nicely rendered, and evoked, much applause. The following items were interspersed through the competition :-Song, "Bethle hem," Mr. Paton; song, " Oat on the rocks," Miss Allibon ; violin solo, " Rome sweet home," with variations, Miss K. Harrow ; song, I seek for thee in every flower," Mr. N. Birrell; song, "The toilers," Miss Heriot; song, "The last milestone," Mr, Paton. The adjudicators were Rev. R; MIurray, Mr. Kohz, and Miss Anderson. The temperance doxology closed a pleasaht evening. 