THE CLOSE OF THE YE AR. A bright little woman who some how, in spite of a family of little children and inefficient help, always man ages to be beforehand with her work, said the other day, " There is one thing 1 always will do, and that is to finish up my correspondence for the year before the New Year begins. I will not begin the New Year with a pile of letters to answer which ought to have been answered before." Her two listeners sighed in unison .as they guiltily remembered the compart ments in their own. desks marked " Un answered Letters," and thought that there were only about ten days.of grace in which to reduce the pile -as for clearing it en tirely in that time they had no such hope. Hut really wnat a reeling ot intense satisfaction there would be if one c-iukl enter the New Year with the docket all cleared, pursued hy no ghosts of undone work ; that one could set down upon the fresh, clean New Year page opened before one only such things as legitimately belonged there, and not crowded with the left-overs of the past. But that state of felicity will come to comparatively few ; and the retfc of us will strive as best we. may to overtake and despatch the undone duties of the past along with the necessary duties of the present. " The New Year is a time - for retro spect ; it is a time for solemn thought ; for looking back over the road we have come," and seeing where the past our steps have gone straight and where crooked. " "lis gruatly wise to. talk witii our past hours', " Aud ask them what report they bore to heaven." ' It is a time. to count up our blessings — and in the retrospect we shall fiud them to be more than we thought— and to give heartfelt thanks for them, even though the thanks may sometimes go up through tears. It is a time to make good resolutions — yes, even though they may be broken. No one can resolve to break a b id - habit, to live a better, sweeter- life, and then strive hard to .attain that id eal, even if he some times fail, without comiug on to a higher plane; rising a step -"higher, and getting into a clearor, spiritual atmosphere. So, may Are all resolve— and may we have grace given to us to carry out the re- solutiofi— to make the coming year the best in our lives," the richest in' our own spiritual growth, and the- richest in the blessings wo may carry to those arouitd ui. : We regret to learu that Dr. T. T. Dick met ivith a painful /accident at Diaiuoud C-reek on Monday. .He was in the act of forcing a cartridge into a rifle wheu/ it exploded aud injured his left eye. Preventing Bush Fires.— The grass is; now ready to burn, and precautionary measures should not be neglected in pro tecting cops attd slacks from the risk of fire by ploughing strips of land around them. Tbe/WqfVjfcake.s up only a small portiqn of. tiuj,' itr-is a preventive agaiffgC/sserious IossyIii"/ burning out preventive breaks against; the danger frpm- jhush/ifjy-qs j.. there is a right and a wrong -wly to go about -the work. For. b eatjrig hu t.the firc oil- the burnt; strips, instead/of using branches or wet sacks; the best kindof'fir<3"b"eaters are made by fixing a piece of hide about a foot square, into a slit end of a wooden handle, and uJi.'g it on tlie fire as a gardener pats the earth on one of his seed beds with a; spade. In cases where protective breaks have not been formed, and in event of a fire break ing out suddenly, threatening a crop or .stackyard, it is imperative that the'danger he immediately counteracted by starting another ; fire out from the poiht to" be protected, in order to run , arid meet tlie one approaching. In such a case there is danger in the tendency of the protecting tire strip to run hack upon the property sought to be saved. -A good practical means of avoiding this is to attach about eight feet of fencing wire to a barn door or sheet of galvanised iron and use it as a drag round the stackyard or crop while someone applies the tire. Stiy it is a stackyard that is to be protected," then the grass is lighted along the edge of the drag farthest from the point to bo pro tected, the man who is lighting the. grass' following tlie drag as it is steadily drawn along, while another hand, with a beater follows in the wake to heat out any sparks that may threaten to light the. grass . in towards the stacks, leaving, of course, the other side to burn outwards so as to meet the approaching danger. This expedient has proved itself very effective, and by its means inucli loss has been prevented, even in the face of a raging fire bearing down in. full' blast upon the homestead: — "Leader." Williamstown Races.— The Williains- town Christmas races was favored with fine weather on Saturday, but the Austral Wheel Race had a prejudical effect on the attendance, which was only of modi-rate proportions. Nevertheless s ime interest ing sport was witnessed. Metalloid and Clamorous were almost equal favorites for the Hurdle Race, and Clannr. us won, but Churn's success in the Trial Handicap was a surprise, and another outsider in Wild Olive upset the favorites in the Kororoit Handicap. Churn saddled up again for the Christmas Gift, .-but was beaten by her stable companion Eland, who was jn strong reques". Wisdom won the Jumpers' Flat Race, and Wide Awake, who was beaten out of a place in the Trial Handicap, wound up hy leading all the way in the Welter Handicap, starting at 15 to 1. An inquiry was held into Turk's running in the Jumpers' Flat Race, but the explanation tendered was accepted as satisfactory. . Shocking Accident to a Child. — A shocking accident occurred on Friday to a four-year-old son of Mr. William Perrett, who occupies one of the Talindert farms, near Catnperdown. Harvesting was in progress, and shortly after the luncheon hour the driver of the reaper and binder- was startled by"" heaving the agonised screams of a child under the machine. He brought the horses to a standstill, and found the little hoy entangled in the knives of the reaper. -The child was ter ribly injured, an examination by Dr. Pet- tigrew revealing that the calf of the right leg was torn away, one of the bones being severed, while the other, was partially so. The flesh was stripped from the right arm, and there were other injuries of a less serious nature. The doctor is hopeful of being able to save the life of the unfortu nate little sufferer. It is surmised that lie wandered into the growing crop during the luncheon hour, and, falling asleep, did not hear the approach of tlie machine. Grass Fire at Tarraavingbb. — Soon after noon on Sunday smoke was seen rising from a paddock owned by Mr. John Meares, near Tarraivingee, and it was found that the high grass was burning quickly. Tt Avas very foitunate that a number of young men had congregated in the immediate vicinity, and all ran across and worked with energy for some time till they managed to subdue the flames. Prominent amongst the number were the Me=srs. Peppard, Berrigan, Maroney and Bradley, and had it not been for their timely aid it is difficult to state what dam age would have been caused, as all the ad joining paddocks ha\'c abundance of gra«s, and a high Avind, Avhich soon- sprang up, would undoubtedly have cirried the flames into country where it would have been impossible to check any fire. The origin of the fire is unknown. The Federal Capital. — The London "Spectator," in writing of the proposal that Orange should he the site of the fede ral city, says : — "It would certainly seem as if that town would be hard, to beat. It stands nearly 3,000ft. above the sea, and is therefore extremely healthy Tf the choice of the Commonwealth should fall on Orange, we trust that the greatest cire will be taken to place the public buildings well and to g:ve the natural features of the site full play. We trust, that no at tempt will be made to erect straight streets and grandiose vistas, hut that, each puhlic building will stand detached in a garden of its own. The centre of the city- might he a more or less circular park of some 200 acres, and in this the public buildings should he placed. All rnutid this park should be the ordinary dwellings of the city and its shops and hanks. If this for mation were adopted, it would he im possible to lay the city out in those dreary blocks which are the bane of modern urban architecture. A name for the city will not be easily found. Orange is pretty, hut hardly adequate ; Victoria is already appropriated ; and almost every other name one can think of sounds a little cheap. Yet Whatevever name is chosen will in 10 years sound perfectly right and natural." - Shocking Accident in the Bush.— A serious accident happened on Tuesday morning- at Chiltern West to an Italian woodcutter named Peter Dallaca. It ap pears that he was cutting wood when a piece flew upwards, striking htm across the eyes with such force that he was ren dered literally blind and suffered terrible pain. The unfortunate man was unable to get assistance until Wednfsday, and lay in the bush for 16 hours until a pass ing traveller saw him, and with the assis tance of Mr. M. Ghiggolli. timber con tractor, brought him ' to "Chiltern. Dr. Harkin examined the victim, and . pro nounced the right eye to he ruptured and destroyed. The left eye is, also in jured, but there is a possibility of the sight being recovered. Great sympathy is expressed for the sufferer, who has been known here for years as a steady, hard working man. Mrlbourne Sheep. Market. — 15,540 were yarded on Tuesday. The supnly proved ample for a Christinas market, consisting chiefly of useful grades, with a moderate proportion' of prime wethers. The demand was firm, at fully former rates, the prices for_best wethers, harden ing to fully 6d. ner head higher (207 i trucks and 7185 hy road). Prime cross bred wethers, from 14s. to 15s. ; c-tra crossbred wethers, from -15s... Gd, to. 16s. 10J. ; go"d crossbred wethers, - from 13s. to 13s. 9d. ; prime crossbred ewes, from Us. 9d, to 12s. 9d. ; extra crossbred ewes, at 13s. and 13s. 4d., with a few at 14s. and 15s. ; best merino wethers; from 13sc to 14s. 6d. ; good merino wethers, at 12s. 6d. and 12s. 9d., with light' weights from 10s. 6d. ; best merino ewes, fjorn 9s. to 10s. _6d. : others,, from 7s. : Fat Lambs. —17,607 penned. Best descriptions met with, brisk competition, good and prime drafts, : shorn, realising improved - prices, while second class woolly lambs niet" a dragging sale at lower quotations. :- Prime woolly. from,9s. 6d. to lis. ; extra woolly. from ;lls.- /6d. to 12s. Gd. ; gool and seconds, woolly, iron '7s. to. 8s. 9d. ; iinferior'aud small, froin Gs. ; prime, shorn, front 10s. to lis. Gd. ; a few extra at l'2s. 9d. and 13a. 4d. ; good and seconds, shorn, rom 7a. 9cU to 9a. 