Music and Drama. Atnon;> plays that have quickly succumbed, is Mr. Zangwill's drama, •♦The Children of the Ghetto," which, after a week's run, was withdrawn at the Adelphi Theatre, London. The company sailed for New York at cnce, a circumstance which, it appears, provoked from the author, who can be witty even at his own expense, the humorous comment, " £mall profits and quick returns." Mr. W. S. Gilbert is said to be a martinet | at rchears.nL?, and it is u treat to sec him in structing the ballet how to execute the steps of the dances. During the rehearsals of the last Gilbert and Sullivan production, one of the principals who had not previously met Mr. Gilbert in busincs? remarked facetiously, " Why, Mr. Gilbert, I had no idea that you could "dance." "No," returned the dramat ist, " I am not oftcu caught tripping." Countess Russell (.says "Modern Society" of February 17) is once more coming before the public. Sines her famous lawsuit she has acted in "A Pantomime Rehearsal," and ministered to the suffering ivs a nurse. Now, after a brief provincial trial, she is to appear at some London music halls. One of her songs has been composed by her mother, Lady Scott, and a patriotic oue, dealing with our volunteers, has been set to music by herself. Miss Nellie Stewart has relinquished her part in the Drury Lane pantomime, and Miss Violet Cameron is now impersonating the hero "Jack." The London correspondent of the Australasian, writing on Febnriry 9, says: Miss Stewart has had three operations performed ou her throat with admirable re sults, and she has made a Hue recovery; but it was felt that it would be unwise to resume work soon after so severe an illness, and the management reluctantly took her name from the bills, after having kept it there for weeks when she was not appearing. The "Widow O'Brien (says the Melbourne Leader of March 17) still keeps the fun going on the Bristol at the Theatre Royal. The tableaux vivauts are a splendid idea, and they make an agreeable change in the stereotyped variety business. Mr. Sheridan has his show well organised, and the laughter and applause that greet his amusing impersonation of the .seasick widow demonstrate the abiding popu larity of that immortal female. "Fun on the Bristol" has the supremo qualify of being an entirely different entertainment every time it is produced. Since the day.-when "The Second Mre. Tanqueray" surprised and held the town Mr. Pincro has accomplished nothing so manifestly to the taste of the London public I as "The Gay Lord Quex." For nine months the comedy has been performed at the Globe to crowded houses by Mr. John Hare, Miss Irene iVanbrugli, and their clever companions. In respect of technical skill, keen observation, and striking characterisation it will, accordiug to the Baity Teltgraph critic, rank with the best of the author's works. But in this aspect there is room for variety of judgment. There was a piquant incident at the close of a matinee performance given in aid of the Yeomanry Equipment Fund at the Lyric Theatre, "Bath, on February 2. Mrs. Brown Potter, after reciting "The Absent-minded Beggar," put up to auction a tambourine with which she had assisted in collecting for [.the fund during the performance. The bid ding for it having stopped at seventeen guineas, Mrs. Brown-Potter announced that! she would kiss the buyer if the price reached j twenty guineas. The offer was immediately availed of by Mr, Dhnnjibhoy Bomaniji, a Parseo merchant. He briskly stepped upon the stage, and Mrs. Brown-Potter, says our correspondent, 44 more than fulfilled her con tract." . Last year (says the Australasian) the London stage was fairly prolific in disap pointments. Among these figure Mr. Henry Arthur Jones's "Carnac Sahib," Mr. Hall Caine's 41 The Christian," Mr. C. B. Fer nald'a adaptation, of "The Ghetto," Mr. I. Zangwili's drama 44 The Children of the Ghetto," "The Black Tulip," "Man and His Makers," by Mr. Wilson Barrett and Mr. Louis N. Parker, "'Change Alley"; 44 A Repentance," by Mrs. Craigie—which, unfortunately, failed to fulfil the promise con tained in her earlier piece; 44 The Ambas sador"—and Mrs. Burnett Hodgson and Mr. Stephen Townshend's 44 A Lady of Quality." Miss Gertrude Warden, the popular actress and novelist, it is said bases the plots of her books on real incidents, the principal persons being living beings. The chief villain of a novel she is writing for a weekly paper she met at a continental watering place. The story itself, which is entitled 44 A Syndi cate of Sinners," is based on facts, the hope less ruin caused by a very noxious drug, the use of which is much resorted to by ladies in society, being vouched for by a medical specialist. Miss Warden makes a rule never to write about a place which she has not seen with her own eyes. At '16 she was a governess; she has acted all over the world, and living in hotels and on board ship has been able to study almost every sort of human type. The biggest theatre in Japan will hold 3,000 people. It is quite different from our theatres. It has no chairs, and the people sit on the floor in little square pens about 4 feet wide. There is usually a little box of charcoal in the middle of each pen for the light ing of their pipes, for smoking is allowed. There are an immense pit and two galleries, and the walls in the summer are open, and it is more like an open-air concert hall than a theatre. The stage is made in the shape of an immense u heel, which is turned by man power atthechangcof the scenes, and which moves one set of actors behind the scenes and brings another before yon. Often some of the actors will walk among the audience and play their parts there. Tho Japanese appreciate good acting, a. strong piece of tragic acting will cnoso the psoplc to tear off parts of their eluthing und throw them on to the stage, expecting to redeem them with presents of inonov* at the end of the play. There are no ticket offices, all tickets being sold at the ten houses near. The shoes are all left outside in the hall, and many of the audience hare their meals sent in, for often tho company will play from 10 o*clock in the morning till 10 at night. ML*s Lalla Miranda, the well known Mel bourne soprano, has been engaged as one of tho prima donnas for the grand opera season at Covent Garden, beginning *in May next. [After her last appearance in Sydney, about six rears ago (says t^e S. J/.'Herald) Miss Mirutida studied in Parts for a considerable time, and then spent fully two years as one of the principal sopranos at the Opera House, La Hague, Holland. Her transfer to the more important centre of Brussels took place about a year ago, and now her success as Ophelia in Ambroise Thomas's " Hamlet" has led to still further promotion. It is worth noting that Mine. Mcloa, Mme. Frances Saviile, and Mdlle. Miranda all went directly from the Theatre de la Monnaie, Brussels, to Covor»i* Garden Opera House.] Mr. Alfred Hill's now opera, "LndyDolly," to be produced for the first time upon au> stage on March 31 at the Palace Theatre, is the second of three composed by him (says the S. M. Herald). As is "generally known, the rights of his Maori opera, " Hinemoa," have been purchased by Mr. J.. C. "Williamson. The libretto of "liady Dolly," which is by Mrs. Marjorie Browne, wiU probably place tho work in the romantic category. There is a bright American girl engaged to an Eng lish duke, stress is laid upon a ghost legend which greatly alarms the (lake's sister (Lady Dolly), and there is a love intrigue, in which the sinister influence of a Spanish mesmerist —whom we shall expect to see in cloak of inky blackness and a huge sombrero—makes itself felt. The libretto was written for Mr. Hill abont two years ago, and he composed the music in one month. 