ABOUT PEOPLE. ij The Queen, it is stated, is meditating the J adoption of a number of children orphaned a during the present war. The Princess Beat- I rice is said to be assisting her in the 'J scheme. Should any deserving cases exist 1 in Alctoria or other Australian colonies (writes our London correspondent), the facts should be laid in a proper form, and duly attested, before the respective Agents- General, should the above statement, which I am at present unable to positively corro borate, be confirmed. It may, however, bo I assumed that if the project be really enter tained, Lord Hopctoun, who is to be the I guest of her Majesty at Balmoral before his I departure for the colonies, will solicit the I reservation for Australia of a share of the I benefits to be conferred. I Earl Beauchamp returned to Sydney yes- I terday by the DIelbourne express. I When replying to a speech by Alderman I Bayles welcoming him- back to the City I Council, Sir Malcolm DI'Eacharn yesterday ,1 said he had just had a letter from Lady I DI'Eacharn, saying that her, health was im- I proving, and she hoped to be in DIelbourne I again in February. I At the quarterly meeting of flic City I Council yesterday, Sir Dlalcolra DI'Eacharn I presented to ex-Alderman Carter, DI.L.A., I an illuminated address expressing the city's I appreciation of that gentleman's 24 years' I service as a member of the council. In I doing so, he said that all were sorry to lose I Dir. Carter as a member of the council. He I regretted, too,, that Mr.1 Carter had seen lit I to withdraw from Parliament. Dir. Carter, I who whs warmly received, in reply, said he I had seen the city grow to the greatness it I had attnine'd, and he felt proud to have I been associated with the corporation that I had done so much for that greatness. Thee I Dir. Carter lapsed into a gloomy vein, that I was in marked contrast with his customary I jaunty style. The difference between Par I liamentary and municipal life to men of hi: I views was that in municipal life lie could I be a positive force, whereas in Parliament I tnry he was "in the minority," he said, re- I echoing the well- known lament of Dir. Mur- I ray Smith, who is also giving up his politi- I eal ghost, and therefore a negative force, I When he looked round and saw that all his I old colleagues on the council when ho first I became a member — except Alderman I Baylcs, and, perhaps, Aldermen rigdon and I Bowen— -had gone, ho began to think it time I to prepare for another sphere. He could I only wish "prosperity to you all, and to the I dear old city of DIelbourne." I Sir Malcolm DI'Eacharn is issuing invita- I tions for an At Home at the Town Hall on I Friday afternoon next, from 3.30 to 4.30 I o'clock. I Mr. .Barton, 'who attended the mayoral I luncheon yesterday, left DIelbourne for Syd- I ney by last night's express train. He tele- I graphed from Seymour to the Premier wish- I ing him good-bye, an<j thanking him and I his colleagues for the kindness extended to I him during his brief stay in DIelbourne. I Dir. Hamilton, DI.L.A., who has been I seriously ill during the last two or three I weeks, was able last night to return to his I Parliamentary duties. I The marriage of Captain Earle to Miss I Loch, daughter of the late Lord Loch, 'is fixed to take place (says our London corns- I pondent, writing on 7th September) at the I end of this month. The couple are first I cousins, the bridegroom's mother being I elder sister of Lady Locli, and of her twin sister, the Countess Lytton. I The unfortunate lunatic who assumed the name of Walter DIorley DIartin, and was I conveyed from the Great Eastern Hotel, in I London, to the City Asylum, at Stone, near I Hartford (writes our London correspon- I dent), has died in that establishment, leav- I ing no ciiuc to his. identity, and the £500 I that be had in his possession is in the I hands of the treasurer of the asylum. It I is still thought that he had some connection with Sydney, and it is stated that a gentle- man of the name he adopted is resident in H that city, but alive and well at the present I moment. This is, however, probaly mere H gossip, as no confirmation of it appears in the Sydney Directory." It ia euiu that - 9 certain Walter Sydney DIartin has been missing, and, if so, this may have given rise to the report. I Dr. Carty Salmon, accompanied by Dies. I Salmon, arrived from Eden, New South H Wales, late last night, in the Government H steamer Lady Loch, which had been msh- H ing the customary coastal lighthouse calls. H Probate duty to the amount of £11,520 I 0/7 was paid yesterday in connection with I the estate of the late Dir. Alexander S. I Murray, of Dunrobin, near Casterton. The H estate was valued for probate purposes at H £115,203. Dir. George Browning, an old member o! the public service, and for many years a H prominent figure in cricketing circles, (lied H at his residence, Rathdown-street, Car!- H ton, yesterday after a very brief illness. Dir. B Browning had been in the Treasury for 23 fl years, and was Well known to contractors fl and others as an officer of the Tender H Board. He played with the Carlton Cricket H Club for many years. The deceased gentle- fl man leaves a widow and family. H It may not be generally known that Cap- tain Wallington is a nephew of Dir. Beach. M.P., father of the House of Commons, and a cousin of Sir Dlichael Hicks-Beach, fl Dir. P. R. Challen, postmaster at Bairns; fl dale, has been transferred to the charge <" the Dlaryborough office, in succession to Dir. fl T. G. Brent, who was recently appointed to fl Bendigo. ' Two new members took their seats at the fl meeting of the . DIetropolitan Board ot fl Works yesterday. Commissioner A. Parker, fl of South DIelbourne, filled the vacancy fl caused by the retirement of Commissioner fl W. Palmer, and Commissioner F. Wilson re- fl presented Brighton ia place pf .ConuW fl eionerJ.F, Hamilton. ' V 