TOPICS OF THE DAY. An agitation was recently initiated at East Brunswick for un cxlunslpn of tlie trum and bus systems there. A few weeks ago the Tramway Compuny de- cided to run the buses along Lygon street as far as Ulytli street, instead of to Victoria street, and this has proved a successful change, A cable message has been received by Mr R 11, Campbell from Major-General Hirelen-Powetl acknowledging the receipt of the address and presentation matcli- l>ox recently sent from Melbourne to the hern of Muieklng. The m erf-rage reads:— "Cordial thanks beautiful present just re ceived." In the course of a lecture on "Loyalty" ut the Church of England Schoolroom. Northcote, lust evening. Major W. T. Itcay emphasised especially the fact thut loyalty was not only u term of relation ship between sovereign und subjects, but primarily meant fidelity to ilio law of the land, whatever It might for the time be. He urged thnt upon all classes devolved the obligation of obedience to the law made by the people, that the will of the people expressed through their laws should be as effective as was even the will of Czar, King or Prince. Colonel Hull, who presided, remarked that after the visit of the late Duke of Edinburgh, towards the end of tho six- tics. Sir Archibald Michle had given a lecture on "Loyalty," the principles of which wore strongly recalled to his mind that evening by Major Keoy'« address. There was an attractive musical pro gramme, and a pleasant evening was spent. A heavy pecuniary loss has been sus tained by Mr Jatncs Darry, a miner, who resides at No. 7 Wright otrcet, Mlddlo Parle. He has reported to the police that he was the victim of a smart thief at the Ascot racecourse on the 23rd inst. There wns stolen from his coat pookct a black leather pockotbook, which contained two L10-rootcs. a LG-notv, three or four Li- notes, and scrip for 100 chares in North KoolgoorJle G.M. C., W. Australia, Nos. SG.S70 to 86,660, certificate No. 77, In the namo of Green. The total value of tho stolen property Is given as LOL In connection with Uie Spensley ptroet Wofiloyan Sunday school, Clifton Hill, aa entertainment entitled "Martey's Ghost." an adaptation from Dickens Christmas Carol, will lie given In the church by the popular iantcrnist. Mr Hannafoni this evening. Miss Ursula Gill will sing The Lost 'Chord, and a recitation entitled Trouble In tho Amen Cornor will be ren dered by Miss Elsie Johnson. The whole of the Illustrations ore -taken from life models, which will greatly add to the in- terest and enjoyment of the evening. The proceeds arc in aid of the school picnic fund. Yesterday tho whole of Messrs Fitzger ald Bros'. Circus Company, horses and menagerie arrived In Melbourne by two special trains, having come overland from Sydney, appearing at several large towns on route. Two spacious and entirely new marquees has'e been erected In the Exhi bition Oval, where they open their sea son to-morrow night. At the Seamen's Institute, Port Mel bourne. on Monday the Misses F. Eveline and Josephine SimuclU musical and dra matic students will entertain the seamen now in port. An attractive programme, concluding with a comedy In peasant cos- jumc, will be presented. When patriotism Is pressed into the service of trade the result In frequently amusing. An illustration (according u> the "Westminster Budget") Is supplied by the following notice, exhibited in the window of a WhUechnpel provision dealer: — "Finest English eggs sold here. We scorn the foreign yoke!" That lu a pretty story (writes the "Westminster Budget") about Lrniy Roberts and her trunks, and men return ing from South Africa vouch for Us truth. At tho height of the trarorport difficulties. In the teeth of the officials, she carried eight largo trunks from Capetown to Bloomfonteln. Everyone wondered; everyone murmured. No one but Lady Roberts could have got the things through. Hie transport of stores had been stopped for tho time, the sick lacked every comfort, and those who were not sick were haJf-rftarvod nnd half-clad. Therefore, when a fatigue parly was told off to fetch thoso tight trunks from I'doemfonteln station, things were said, probably about the "plasrue of women." But next day seven of the trunks wore unpacked and thulr contents distributed amongst the Tommies. Tlie clever lady had snapped her fingers at Rrd Tape, and smuggled comforts through to the men In this way. One small trunk contained her kit. The London "Times?" of the 21st uR.. expresses th«» opinion that the capacity in which ILU.IL the Duke of York could best make his visit to Australia would be ns commodore of a squadron of the Roy.'U Navy. That course would bo in full accord with precedent and with the Duke's rank in the service, and wc have no doubt It would be widely and heartily approved, nnd would have the lumpier, t coRPequences ns a stimulus to that Impe rial patriotism which (lie visit Is de signed at once to foster and to reward. Tlie h. ft. IMina will make an excursion trip to porlarliuctoii and OeHwis on Sunday, tearing Queen's Wharf at 1) o'clock. 