PEERYBINGLE PAPERS "Alluding to the taunt of str George Turner that the M'Lean Ministry went about the country to banquets making promises which they never kept, Mr Graham said that at any rale when they rose from the banquet table they were' able to attend to their duties and fit to receive deputations afterwards. He challenged Sir George. Turner to say the same thing of. his colleagues."— News Item: — It ain't as though we'd gone the pace, you j knew, ! Or looked upon the wine when it was red; tVo'vo. never busted up the bloomin' show, In a way to make the papers lose their head. Though about this glorious colony we've gone. There's no reason for Sir George's cruel scoff, ..If he dares to hint our Ministry was "on." We reply with scorn his Ministry was "off." Chorus-7- Eut it must have been the lobster; it couldn't have been the wine. That broke up the heart of the Ministers and caused them, to resign. We sit on the Treasury, benches, they sit on the left' and sneer, That half of our policy's banquet, and the other half is beet;. ' But, of course, we treat sarcasms with con tempt, ; ' We know their dream is only place and pay; We are far more Liberal than tbey ever dreamt, j Which, no doubt, is what each Cabinet will I say. I We're sitting where our friends would like ta sit, And our policy is clear and plain to view; They re putting on tne screw a nine on, But our Government's a-drawlng of the screw. Chorus — And we've got the loan of the lobster, we're coming along with the wine, And we're drawing the Treasury salary and we don't mean to resign. They may laugh at our champagne ban quets, they may say that we're often "queer," But we know that their one ambition's to be here,' be here, be here. It is a common experience of servants of the State in country towns, especially State school teachers, to got notice of removal to other towns, to be made lire recipients of farewell demonstrations; to make all their arrangements for depar ture, and then to getword cancelling the fixture. To say that it is embarrassing is only putting it very mildly. An in stance recently came under my notice, and it will be read with sympathetic interest by many, I am sure:— "WHAT HAPPENED TO JONES." Ju!v .— Jouev wbo was stationed r,t Scorcher, ville, receives notice of removal to Butter cup Va',c. August 1.— Sells out. August 2. — Dance in lienor of Jones. August 4.— Evening parly do. do. do. do. speeches, dancing, songs, recitations, and general hilarity in favor of Jones, and 504 friends swear to see him off by train. August S.— Another dance for Jones. August 3.— Jones knocked up. August 10.— Better. August 11, 12, 13.— Wishes many friends "good | . bye." " ' | August ;4 —"When v. Ill you bo going, Jones?'" Boc-sn't know, hut supposes "in a day or two." August 13 to 22.— "Hullo, Joue3, not gone yet?" August 22.— "How do you like your new place, Jones?" "What! haven't been away yet? Oh, I thought you'd "been, and were only just back on a holiday." August 30 to September 6.— Jones hides. September 6 to 14. — "Haven't gone yet, Jones? When will you he going?" "Doh"t believe you'll ever 'go." "Don't believe you ever intended going at all, " etc., etc. September 15 to 20. — Jones's veracity ques- tioned. Septmc- br 21. — Jones writes to the department, and receives a reply that lie will be relieved within a fortnight. September 22 to October 4. — Tells cverybone that he will be sure' to go by the Oth, at latest. ' October 5.— Travels around bidding everyone good-bye. ' October 6 to 11. — No successor to Jones. Jones's hair begins to fail. October 12. — Jones shunned. Considered "champion liar." Mrs Bobiuson withdraws her six children from Jones's school, and transfers them to Smith's school. October 13, 14, 15 and 16.— Oblivion. October 17. — Jones's successor arrives, and Jones departs with his poodle for company, and not a friend to take notice of his de parture. The children in a bush school not far from the Murray were getting a lesson from a lady teacher in what is known as RC1HC1H.C Wcta 1 CdU from a letter sent to his wife by a Vic torian soldier at the front, which letter had been printed in the school paper. The soldier, described a inarch and a bivouac at night on the veldt, and said he felt lonely and -desolate, and more so as he had to stop there all night without his kit. A boy was asked what the soldier meant by his kit, and he answered promptly, "Please miss, his wife." The lady teacher was a. little nonplussed, of course; but the youngster was not so far out, because at the commencement of the letter the soldier had . addressed his wife as "Dear Katie." Mr Peery, speaking at Ballarat, in forms us that though 200,000 people were buried in A cemetery in the midst of the . most populous city in the colony, ; Bir George Turner ;would not take up the new cemetery question. a Probably Sir George Turner did not realise the advantage of spiritual support. Mr Vale 'apparently; dotes f j I : _,! i < j We've been as ghosts, a little time; they're marked us R.jtiV.' \ „ $ But we're not exactly comfortable yet; Our'interests ain't looked after as, ye, know they ought to be, . So we ain't :exactly comfortable yet.' - - ' TIippa'r Sir OwirW 1ia rpnr.nls>iS 4ll.a cef- tain sort of way, But he's weak upon the questions that assail us day by day; He's as honest as they make 'cm, still wc feci compelled to say That we aren't exactly comfortable yet There's a cool two hundred thousand lying snugly underground. And we're not exactly comfortablelyct. For our names are oS the rolls, aud we can't go to' the polls, And we ain't exactly comfortable yet. And we feci that every candidate consistently will say There's a lot of low- class corpses going slowly to decay, And It's liardlVvorth the pa:ns to represent them, anyway — So we ain't exactly comfortable yet. From the Melbourne Cemetery, from the graves of Ballarat, Where we're not exactly comfortable yet, Not a single corpse will fail to record his vote for Vale, And we'll manage to be comfortable yet. Though as dead and gone electors, who have long gone to their rest, They refuse to take our voting in the Liberal interest; 1 In his speech he called upon us, so we'll give him of our best. And through Vale we may be comfortable yet. Men have read their own death notices under various circumstances, and hum orous stories have been told of the amusement— or perhaps chagrin — which lias been afforded by the remarks made in the obituary. The risks of writing a live man's . death notice are greater, in these day's of personal joui aaiisni, when there Is a rush to print everything of in terest concerning those reported as dead. The unfortunate rumor that so many well known nprml a "h o lipon mticcanrrirt In ing was followed by the publication of many death notices, which, when .the re port had been proven false, must have been read by those immediately concern ed with mixed feelings. One .leading Lon don personal journal wrote Of Sir Claude Macdonald that "he was, poor fellow, a man of no extraordinary ability, but he possessed in a marked degree the power of making friends, and, given'opportunily, would have done well in life." This may be true, but It would probably not have been written had Sir Claude not been re ported as dead. In the case of Mr Er- nest Morrison, whose obituary was pub lished at length in the London "Times," his Melbourne friends are chuckling hear tily. "Ernest" is known to be a humor ous individual, who will read with gusto the extremely appreciative terms in which the "Times" referred to him. If he happens tg-'WaiJt'fii 'rLse." the great London davedBtd-harfily .reTu,se it. But all death/jioticfes-are notrtddbj'- the live subjects' «&ui;' "gusto." c> \ ! ?'( : 'Suspicion; always haunts the guilty mind; t life. hhte'f-' doth fear each- bush an officer." 'jSasaid ,;Sliakesp.eai>?f and the bard . \v ag" ' n e a jyajui-r i gh t . It has also been said that it is not the -police man who frightens .the evil-doer, but the clothes lie wears. A particularly aggres- slnve tramp called at the house in Auburn of a recently retired police superinten- .dent. He had probably discovered be forehand tliat the servant girl was the only occupant of. the house: He peremp torily demanded' to be given some clothes aiid, lold" the girl that "rich n people, the likes of you's, ought ter keep , no. poor coves." The girl was quick-witted, and pretending to sympathise with hiinpro- ..mised that he should have some clothes the next morning. .The tramp duly turn ed up, and was more aggressive than on the previous night, but wh!L«t l,e was bullying the girl the lady of the house advanced along the passage, and, facing the man, she produced from behind her back one of her husband's old helmets, which she pretended to be dusting whilst she talked to liini. He no sooner caught sight of the helmet than he bolted through the gate and down the street as though he had been suddenly faced with the gallows. That helmet will be kept close at hand in the house for the future. It has become the fashion to call a man a Highlander who wears the kilt of the Scottish Regiment, but this story is told of a man who was really a native of the heather, and was raw fra' hame when he donned the dress in Melbourne. He was passing a suburban market garden when a terrier fastened his teeth on to the calf of one of the Scotchman's legs. Scoltie seized the fork which was sticking in the manure heap close by, and pinned the dog to the ground with the prongs. The market gardener came running to Ihe spot on hearing the howls of the dog. iVio lilonlratfv Jilanlf /lifln'f vnn take the other end of the fork to him?" asked the man. "Why te teevil did he no tak ta ither end o' himsel' to tr.e?" asked the angry Scot, and walked off. Two tourists arrived at a country inn , and called for tea, tne being English" the other Scotch. The" Englishman made some sarcastic remark on the breadth of- the Scotchman, which Sandy, bore pati ently. Among the good things on. the table was cheese, which, in spite of its. age, showed signs of life. Notwitstand- jng this, the Cockney did it ample justice- "I say, Scottie," he exclaimed, "I am as strong as Samson now, for I have slain my thousands."- "I. see that," answered | Sandy, "and . you did it wlth the same. wpanSn — the jawbone of an ass." i JOHN PEERYBINGLE. 