ABOUT SOLDIERS' WIVES The wife of an American soldier — when he happens to be married — has a comparatively happy time of it. But it is different else- where and the condition is at its worst in England. No one need to bo told that tho scarlet jacket of the British soldier ia the greatest incentive to matrimony known to tho civi lised world of women. Indeed, thero is con siderable ({rumbling, not to say indignation, on this ucoro in some quarters. It is pretty generally known that tho sol dier has a suscoptiblo heart beating behind his tunic, but who stops to inquire how the admirable Atkins, with bis shilling a day, is cnablod to keep a wife and children ? Colonel Gildea, the Chairman of the Eng lish Soldiers' and Sailors' Families Associu tiou, in an interview said : — ' You are quite right in saying that Eng lish soldiers aro a marrying community, but don't ask me-how thoy manage to keep their wives. There aro thousands of men and ' women trying to live on tho aoldier's allow ance of a shilling a day, and I don't suppose 1 am fur wrong in saying that at least i third of thorn aro half starved. The women en deavour to augment the family income by doing a little washing, and that sort of thing ; but, at its bust, .it is only very casual * employment. ??-»- ' Now, the aim of our Society is to afford ?temporary relief to' the families of soldiers '' and sailors, and lean assure you they stand in need of a great deal of relief. Our ohief considerations are not to pauperise and not to encourago matrimony. It is madness for a private soldier who has nothing but biB pay coming in to marry. ' But first let 'Dio explain what marriage in the English army means. Only six per cent, of the men in each regiment aro per mitted to marry, and then only if thoy pos sess the requisite qualifications. For ox ample they must have served for a period of : not less than seven years, and they must have at least £5 in the savings bauk. 'They have, in 'fact, to bo trustworthy men who have earned two good conduct badges. The wives have theirquarters in the barracks and go abroad and return with their hus bands at the Government's expense. ' Contrary to an impression that exists outside the Service, however, if tho remain ing 94 per cent, marry, as many of them do, without the consent of the authorities, they commit no military crime. ' They caunot bo puniBhed, but no accom modation is provided in barracks for their wives, who onjoy none of the privileges that are allotted to the wives of the others. To speak plainly, thoy have to strugglo on upon the soldier'B pittance and whatever olso they . can make. You can imagine what a sorry , plight these women are in when I tell you that it is quite common for a soldier's ' wife to have from live to eight children. ' But this isn't by any means all with which they havo to contend. When a regi ment moves, say, from Portsmouth to Edin burgh, or to India, every one of these women is left behind, while their more fortunate Bisters accompany their husbandB. - 'Tboy are left with no provision what ever from tho Government, and I need not remark that very few ot them have the money to follow their husbands. What we do, therefore, in addition to assisting those in sickness and making temporary grants, is to send . them after their husbands where we can. . ' Does the gallant Tommy, then, desert his spouse?' '1 am afraid that some soldiers when go ing on foreign service desert their wives until they return. That is to say, they leave them to take their chanco. A soldier who is married but not by regimental allowance can, by the Army regulation, ba subjected to a stoppage of threepence a day1— a nice large Bum isn't it — forthe support of his wife and family while he is away,' but he cau only be put under this stoppage on the application of the wife herself or by voluntarily sub mitting to it.' 'It seems as if Mr. Atkins ought to bo better paid. How do you fare in trying to dis ? yfff'wl(h-76VoTr6Tii^ln6arIiingoirtho'trleacTr- erous sea of matrimony? ' 'Wo try to di&suado; the girl — not the man,' Colonel G'ildoa replied, smiling.' The majority of girls haven't tho ghost of an idea what a soldier's life is like. They are fascinated with the red coat and don't givo a thought to the future. 'Affairs aro very different in tho Eng lish Navy,' the colonel added. ' No man is , supposed to marry in tho Royal Navy. ' Strangely enough, tho authorities don't recog nise the wifo of a sailor wiien tho sailor is living, but if ho dies on duty or in killed she is awarded a pension. Now with respect to a soldier tho wife only gets a pension if he succumbs in war. Should he dio in barracks through sickness or by accident she is left to shift for herself. ; ?' Sailors' wives aro in a much better poaition when they aro separated from their husbands than tho wives of soldiers, inasmuch as on a ship being commissioned for foreign 1 service there is an unwritten law among sailors that overy man shall make an allot- I ment of something like half his pay in favour of his wifo .or any relatives dependent upon him; and although tbo Admiralty don't recognise these people, they undertake to make the stoppage and to hand -over tho Bums to the payees as Boon as they become due. A sailor who neglected to conform to this praiseworthy principle would have a bad. timo of it with his mates.' 