JANET m THE DEVIL The llcv. Murdoch Senilis was long minis ter nf the moorland parish of Balweary in the Vale of A severe, hlcak-faeed old man. dreadful to his hearers, ho dwelt In the jast ycai-s or nis me without relative, or ser vant, or any human company, in the small and lonely manse under the Hanging Shaw. In spite of the. iron composure of his features, his eye was wild, scared, and uncertain: and when he dwelt, in private admonitions, on the future of tlie impenitent, it seemed as if his «>yc pierced through the storms of time lo the terrors of eternity. The manse itself, whore it stood by the water of Dule, among some thick trees, with the Shaw overhanging it on one side, and on the other many cold, moorland hill-lops rising toward the sky, had begun at a very early period of Mr. Soulis' ministry to be avoided in the dusk hours by all who prided themselves upon their prudence; and gudemen sitting at the ale-houBe shook their heads together at the thought of passing late by that dreary neighbourhood. There was one spot, to be more particular, which was regarded with es pecial awe. The manse stood between the high road and the water of Dule. The house was two stories high, with two lnrge rooms on each. Itopcncd notdirectlyon the garden, but on a cause-wayed path, or passage, giving on the road on one hand, and closed on the other by the toll willows and elders that bordered on the stream. And it was this strip of causeway that, enjoyed among the young parishioners of Balweary so infamous a reputation. The minister walked there ofteo after dark, sometimes groaning aloud in the intensity of his unspoken prayers ; and when he was from home, and the manse door xva6 locked, the more daring schoolboys ven tured, with beating hearts, to 41 follow my leader " across that legendary spot. Many, even of the people of the parish, were ignorant of the cause of the minister's strange looks and solitary life. Fifty years before, when Mr. Soulis came first into Bal- weary.he was still a young man. full of book- learning and grand at expounding it, but, as was natural in so young a man. wit): no ex perience as a pastor. The younger sort were greatly taken with his gifts and his talk; but old, concerned, serious men and and women were moved even to prayer for the young man whom they took to be a self-deceiver, and the parish that was like to be so ill- supplied. There was no doubt, anyway, but that Mr. Soulis had been a long time at col lege. He was careful and troubled for many things beside the one thing needful. He had a great number of books witli him— more tban had ever been seen before in all that presbytery; and hard work the carrier had with tbein, for they were all like to have 6topped behind in the Deil's Hag. between Balweary and Kilinarkerlie. He desired to get as old, decent woman to keep the manse for him, and see to his dinners; and he was recommended to an old crone— Janet M'Clour. they called her. There were many advised him to the contrary, for Janet was more than suspected by the best folk in BaL weary. Long before that ehe had bad a child to a dzagoon; she had not come to com munion for maybe thirty years; and boys had seen her mumbling to herself up on Key's Loan in the gloaming, which was an unusual time and place for a God-fearing woman. However, it was the laird himself that had first told the minister of Janet; and in those days he would have gone a great way to please the laird. When folks told bim that Janet was sold to the devil, it was all superstition, he said. When it got about the village that Janet M'Clour was to be servant tV.o m«nca, the folks were, fairly mad with both him and her; and some of the women had nothing better to do than get round her door-step an i charge her with all that was known against her, from the soldier's child to John Tamson's two cows. Up she got. and there was not an old story in Balwcary hut she made somebody smart for it that day; they couldn't say one t-hiug, but she could sav two to it, till, at last, the gudewives caught hold of her and clawed t he clothes off her back, and pulled her down the road to the water of the Dule. to see if she were a witch, and would sink or swim. The hag shrieked till you could hear her at the Hang ing Shaw, and she fought hard. There was mauy a gudewife bore the mark of her next day and many a long day after; aodjustin the hottest of the hubbub, who should coinc up but the new minister. Women," said lie (and he had a grand voice), 41 1 charge you in the Lord's name to let her go." Janet ran to him— she was fairly wild with terror— and clung to him, and prayed him, for Christ's sake, to save her from her tor mentor ; and they, for their part, told him all that was known, and maybe more. "Woman," says he Lo Janet, "is this true ?" 44 As the Lord sees mc," says she, ' as the Lord made mc, nol a word of it. Saving the child," says she, " I've been a decent woman all my days." 44 Will 3'ou," says Mr. Soulis, 44 in the name of God, and before mc, his unworthy minister, renounce the devil and bis works ?" Well, it would appear that, when he asked that, she gave a groan that fairly frightened those who saw her, and they could hear her teeth grind together in her jaws ; but there was nothing for it but the one way or the other ; and Janet lifted up her hand, and re nounced tlie devil before them all. 44 And now," said Mr. Soulis to the good women, " home with you, one and all, and pray to God for his forgiveness." Aud he gave Janet his arm, though she had little on her but a shift, aud took her up the road to her own door like a lady of the land ; and her screeching and laughing was a scan dal to be heard. There were many solemn-faced people long over their prayers that night ; but when the morning came there was 6uch fear fell upon all Balwcary that the children hid them selves, and even the men folk stood and peeped from their doors. For there was Jauet coming down the road— she or her likeness, none could tell— with her neck disjointed, and her head on one side like a body that had been hanged, and a look on her face like an unburicd corpse. By and by they got used to it, and even looked at her to "fcc what was wrong; but from that day forth she couhFnot speak like a Chris tian woman, but stuttered and stammered, and the name of God never came on her lips. Sometime she tried to say it, but it might not be. Those that knew her best said least; but they never gave that Thing the name of Janet M'Olour, for old Janet tlicy thought, was in the deepest hell by this time. But the minister was neither to hold nor to bind; he preached about nothing but the cruelty of the people that had given her a stroke of the palsy; he punished the children that tor mented her, and lie had her up to the manse thai same night, and dwelt there all alone with her under the Hanging Shaw. About the end of June there came a spell of weather, the like of which was never known before; it was close, and hot, and breathless; and yet it was gusty, too, with gusts of wind that whistled through the glens, aud bits of showers that moistened nothing. Mr. Soulis could neither eat nor sleep, and when he was not writing at his weary book he would be roaming over the country-side like a man possessed, when everybody else was glad to keep cool within the house. Above the Hanging Shaw, in the bend of the Black Hill, there is a bit of inclosed ground with an iron gate, at one time the churchyard of Balwcary. and consecrated by the papists before the blessed light shone upon the kingdom. It was a great resort of Mr. Soulis'; there he would sit and con sider his pennons. Well, as he came over the west end of Black Hill one day, he saw it two, then four, and then seven black crows flying nreuuri and ar»uinl above the old churchyard. Tlicy flew low and heavy, and squawked to one atiolher. He was nut easily startled, and went straight u(; to the walls; and what did he see but a man, pit ting in the inside upon a grove. Ho was of great stature, and black us hell, and his eyes were singular to see. Mr. Soulis had heard of black men many times; but there was something forbidding about this black man that caused him tu start, But up he spoke, for all of that, and said: My friend arc you a stranger in this place ?" The black man answered not a woid ; he got uuon his feet, and began to walk lo the wall on the far side; but he still looked at th«a- minister, and the minister stood aod looked Lick, till suddenly the black man wns over t he wall and running for the shade of the tret. Mr. Soulis, he hardly knew why, ran after him, but he was wearied with his walk, and the hot, unwholesome weather; and run as he would he got no more than a glimpse of the black man among the trees, till he got down to the foot of the hillside, and there lie saw liim once more, going hop-stop-and-jump over Dule water to the manse Mr. Soulis was not pleased that this ill- looking creature should make so free with Balweary manse, and lie rau the harder, but no black man was there to be seen. He stopped out upon the road, but there was no body there ; he went all over tlie garden, but saw no black man. At last, aud it is feared a little timidly, as wns but natural, he lifted the hasp and went into the manse, and there was Janet M'Clour before his eyes, with her broken neck, and none too pleased to see him. And he then remembered that when first he set his eyes upon her he felt the same cold and deadly shiver, 44 Janet," said he, 14 have you seen a black " A black man !" qubth .-she. 44 Save us all ! You arc not in your right mind, minis ter. There is so black man in all Bal weary." But she did not speak plain, you must understand, but champed like a pony with the bit in its mouth. 44 Well, Janet," said he, 14 if there is no black man, I have spoken with the Evil One." And he sat down like une with a fever, and his teeth chattered in his head. 44 Pshaw!" said she; 44 think shame to yourself, minister!" And she gave him some brandy, which she always kept by her. Soon Mr. Soulis went into his study among his books. Down he sat, and thought of all that had come and gone since he was in Bal- ! weary. The more he thought, the more he thought of the black mao. He tried to pray, but the words would not come to him; and he tried, they say, to write at bis book, but he could not do anything at that. There were times that he thought the black inan was at his side, and the perspiration stood on him cold as well water; and there were other times when he came to himself like a Christian child and minded nothing. The upshot was that he went to the window, and stood look ing over Dule water. The trees are rather thick, and the water lies deep and black under the manse ; and there was Janet wash ing the clothes, with her skirts gathered about her waist. She had her back to the minister, and he, for bis part, hardly knew what he was lookiog at- Suddenly she turned around and showed her face. Mr. Soulis felt the same cold shiver as twice before on that day, and it reminded him of what people Baid, that Janet had died long since, and this was a demon in her clay-cold flesh. He drew back a little and scanned her narrowly. She was washing the clothes, singing to herself ; and, oh, God guide us, bnt it was a frightful face ! Then she sang louder, but there was no man born of woman that could tell the words of her song. And at times she looked side-long down, but there was nothing there for her to look at. There went a shudder through the flesh upon his bones, and that was heaven's warning. But Mr. Soulis just blamed himself, he said, to think so ill of a poor, old, afflicted creature who had not a friend but himself. And he offered up a prayer for himself and her, and drank a little water— for his heart rose against the meat— and went up to his bed in the gloaming. That was a night that has never been for gotten in Balweary, the night of the seven teenth of August, 1712. It had been hot before, as I have said, but that night it was hotter than ever. The sun weul down among uocouth-looking clouds ; not a star nor a breath of wind. You could not see your hand before your face, and even the old folk cast the covers from their beds and lay panting for their breath. With all that he had upon his mind, Mr. Soulis was troubled ; the good, coo) bed that he got into scorched his very bones; he slept and wak ened ; he heard the time of night, and a dog howling up the moor, as if somebody was dead; lie thought he heard devils shouting in his cars, and saw ghosts in the room. He must, he thought, be sick, and sick he was— little he understood the sickness. At last his inind got clearer, and he sat up on the bedside, and fell to thinking once more of the black man and Jauet. Be could not well tell how— maybe it was tbe cold to his feet— but it came in upon him. like a flash, that there was souie connection be tween the two, and that either or both of them were demons. Aud just at that moment in Janet's room, which was next to his, there eamc a scuffle of feet, as if men were wrestl ing, and then a loud bang; then a wind went rustliug around the four quarters of the bouse, and then all was once more as silent as the grave. Mr. Soulis was afraid of neither man nor devil. He got his tinder-box and lit a candle, aud made three Steps towards Janet's door. It was standing ajar, and lie pushed it open, and walked boldy in. It was a big room, as big as the minister's, and filled with grand, old, solid furniture, for he had nothing else. There was a four-post bed with old tapestry, and a broad cabinet of oak, put there to be out of the waVi and a few clothes of Janet's 1 ring here and there about the floor. But no Janet could Mr. Soulis see, nor any sign of contention. In lie went (and there's few that would have followed him), and looked around and listened. But there was nothing to be heard, neither ioside the manse nor in all Balweary parish, and nothing to be seen but the little shadows turning round the candle. And then all at once tbe minister's heart fluttered and stood stock-still, and a cold wind blew among the hairs of his bead. What a weary sight was that for tbe poor man's eye! For there was Jaoct, hanging from a nail beside the old oak cabinet; her head lay on her shoulder, her eyes were bloody, the tongue projected from her mouth, and her heels were three feet clear above the floor. 44 God forgive us all !" thought Mr, Soulis; 44 poor Janet's dead." lie came a step nearer to tbe corpse, and then his heart fairly leaped in his breast. For, by what magic it would ill-beseem a man to judge, she was hanging from a single nail, and by a single worsted thread for darning hose. It is an awful thing to be alone at night with such a prodigy of darkness, but Mr. Soulis was strong in tlie Lord. He turned and went his way out of that room, and locked the door behind him, and went, step by step, down the stairs, heavy as lead, and set down the candle on the table at the stair-foot. He could not pray; he coul 1 not think; he was dripping with cold sweat, and nothing could he hear hut the thumping of his own hearL He may have stood tlicro an hour, or maybe two, he minded soli:tle. when all of a sudden he heard a low, un usual rustle up stairs, and a foot went to and fro in the chamber where the corpse was hanging. Next the door was opened— thr.ugh lie. had minded well that he had locked it— and then there was a step upon the landing, and it seemed to him as if the corpse was looking over the rail and down upon him where he stood. He took up the candle again, and, as quickly as lie could, went straight out of the manse and to the far end of the cause way. It was Mill pitch dark; the flume of the candle, when he set it on the ground, burned steady and clear as in a room jnolhing moved but the Dule water, seeping and sob bing down the glen, and the nuhuly footstep that came toiling down the stairs inside tlie manse. He knew the footstep well, for it was Janet's; and at each step, which came a little nearer. the cold got deepci in hi? vitnK He commended his soul to Him that made and kept hira ; 44 and. oh, Lord/' said lie, 44 give me strength this night to war against the powers of evil." By this time the loot was coming through the passage for the door. He could hear a hand feeling along tlie wall, a if the fear ful thing was feeling it way. Tin- branches tossed and moaned together; n long sigh came over the hills; the flame of the candle was blown about ; and llioie stood the corpse of Tlirawn Junel, with her gingham gown and her black shawl, w'th the Ilea'.! still upon the shoulder, ami the frown etill upon the face of it— living, 3011 would have said; dead, as Mr. Soulis well knew— upon the threshold of the manse. She did not stand there long. She began to move again, and came slowly toward Mr. Sonlip where he stood under the trees. All the life of his body and the strength of bis spirit were starting from his eyes. It Boomed she was going to Bpcak, but wanted words, and made a sign with the left hand. There capieTt'ftjAtwf Sr'jnd, like acat'n-pnw; out yvent the qaiidlei lb a, tree- tops moimcd like human beingB/'anePMr. Soulis knew thai, , live or die. this rfMCbe end of it. , fr"' i 44 Witch, bo) dame, deriB #e' criedf 'yl charge you by Ihe jiowerof God, begonei At you be dead, to Uie grave; if you be dqmjibd. to hell." 'j And at that raonieht-tlie . Lord'siefS hand, out of the heavens, struck 'the" horror where it stood. The old, dead, desecrated corpse of the witch-wifc, so long kept from the grave and hustled around by devils, flashed up like fluming brimstone, and fell in ashes to the ground. The thunder came, peal on peal, followed by the pouring rain, and Mr. Soulis leaped through the garden InMgc anil run. with leap upon loop, for the village. That same, morning John Christie saw the black man pass the Mucklc Cairn as it was striking six. Before eight he went by the inn at K noekdown; and not long after Sandy MeLellan saw him gu slinking down the road from Kiltnkcrlie. There's little doubt but it was him that dwelled so long in Janet's body. But he was caught nl last, and since then tne devil has never troubled Bulweary. But it was a sore dispensation for the minister. Long, long he Jay raving in his bed, and from that hour to this he was a changed mau.- -44 The Argonaut." 