THE WORLD'S GRiAt SNABEL (BY E. PHILLIPS OPPENHEIM.) /Author of 'Mysterious Mr. Sabin,' ' As a Man Lives,' 'A Daughter of the Marionls,' etc) CHAPTER n.-ON THE BANKS OF THE BLUE RIVER. I Tbe moon, which had risen now high above I the wood-crowned hills, was shining with a I faint, ghostly light npon the, new-comer's wan I face. The Englishman, who had started back Site a man who sees a vision, as suddenly re jb&vered; himself. Surprising though this ad vent was, there was no doubt as to the identity of Ms visitor. Neither was there any doubt but that she was on the point of exhaustion. His first duty was plain. She must be taken I care of. 'Can you walk into the cabin, or shall I carry you?' he asked, in a tone as matterof fact as though tie was accustomed every day to receive such visits. 'Better carry you, I think! You look all used up!' '?I— I'm afraid I can't walk, Bryan,' she ad mitted, looking up at him with the ghost of a ernile on her lips. ''I guess I fainted a bit ago. It was the sound cf your voice brought me to!' Without another word he lifted the prostrate figure inro his arms, and carried her into the shanty. Arrived safely inside — he had to bend almost double to enter the doorway— he laid her ou his bed, and threw a blanket over her. Then he took up his own tin mug of brandy, found that it was half full, and forced a little benveen the white lips. The effect was swift and almost magical. A little faint color stole into her cheeks, and she opened her eyes. 'Guess I'm starved!' she remarked, with a slight uplifting of the eyelids. 'Got anything to eat?' i Her eyes wandered round the place hungrily. ! The Englishman stood still and considered for I a moment. Then he struck a match and lit ! an oil stove, opened a tin of beef extract, and I in a few minutes had a steaming cupful of the liquid. He brought it to her side, and she | clutched i,t eagerly. i 'Drink \t slowly!' he advised. 'That's the | style! GJod God!' He went out into the darkness, and returned in a few minutes with a pail of water. Then he turned up his 6hirtsleeves, and taking her 6hapely little feet into his great hands, bathed them carefully while she lay quite still with half-dosed eyes. When he had finished, he lit his pipe and sat down by her side. 'Don't hurry, Myra!' he said, leaning back against the wail, and thrusting hs hands into his pockets. 'Don't talk at all unless you feel like it! More beef tea, eh? There, just a drop! That's right!' He held the cup to her lips, and then set it flown. * 'It you feel like going right ' off to sleep, why, off you go!' he said. 'You can tell me all about it in the morning!' He spoke cheerfully, but there was an un dercurrent of anxiety in his tone which the girl's quick ears detected. Henceforth she watched him furtively out of her big dark eyes, filled now with a frpsh alarm. 'I'd as lief tell you now!' she said. 'I'm rested!' 'That's capital! Well, how did you get here all by yourself? That's what I want to know.' A little note of triumph crept into the girl's tone. She watched her companion carefully to see what effect her words had upon him. 'I came on a mule half the way. Bryan. He died four days ago, and since then I have been walking!' 'You came on a mule!' the Englishman re peated, bewildered. 'Where from?' 'F^om San Francisco, of course!' 'lly God!' He looked at her in admiration tempered witb wonder. She had expected this, and was sri-atified. 'fes! You didn't think I was plucky enough for that, I guess! It's been pretty bad — worse than I thought it would be, when. I started. I didn't mind so much until Johnny— that was my mule— died. He seemed sorter company, and was a real good one. Afterwards it got lonesome, and the nights were so dark and long, I was Scared sometimes. I used to lie quite still, with my face turned to the east, and as soon as the first streak of light came I could go to sleep. Then, the day before yesterday, I finished up ali the food I had! I don't believe I want to talk about the time since then,' she con- ; eluded, with a little shiver. 'I guess I ! won't, anyway!' I He sat and looked at her for a moment with out speaking. He was not a man of quick comprehension, and the thing amazed him. 'Five hundred miles all alone, and a beast ly rough track too,' he said at last 'Why, child, it seems impossible. And why on earth have you come?' The color rushed into her dusky cheeks, and her eyes, soft and dark now that the gleam of famine had fled, filled with tears. 'You — you are not glad to see me!' she exclaimed piteously. He was not. That was a fact. But he began to see that it would not do to let her know it. He swore a great inward oath, but he leaned over and took her hand as ten derly as he could. 'Of course I'm glad, Myra! If you knew how beastly dull it was here, month after month with never a soul to speak to, you wouldn't wonder at that But what beats me is, -why you've come! You haven't risked your life to come to such a picnic as we're having out here! You've got a reason for coming!' She nodded, with her eyes anxiously fixed Upon him. 'Yes! I've brought you something. Guess what!' His expression changed. A sudden light leaped into his eyes. 'Is it a letter?' he -asked, 'Yes.' He held out his hand. 'Where is it?' 'Give me a knife and I will get it,' she answered. He handed her one. She felt up one side of her tattered coat, and cut a little slit near the shoulder. Through the opening she drew a long envelope, and held it out to him; her lips slightly parted, and her eyes eagerly watching for his approval. He took it into his hand, and looked at it almost as though he feared to break the seal. It was yellow with age, and the postmark was ancient He looked from -it into the girl's face. Her eyes were full of tears. ''You are not glad that I brought it' she faltered.- 'It isn't of any importance after all. You haven't even thanked me, you haven't said a single kind word to me. and — and you haven't even kissed me! I — I wish I had died and not got here at all!' she wound up with a little sob. He passed his arm around her waist and drew her lips to his. 'There, don't cry, Myra,' he said kindly. **I'm not an eloquent chap, you know, and I was kind of dazed. You're a regular brick, little woman, to bring me that letter. I don't believe there's another girl in the States would have had so much pluck. Cheer up now, do. Of course I'm glad to see you. You know that.' She listened to him eagerly, and gave a. little sigh of relief. Then she swept the tears away, and smiled up at him faintly. 'I think I was pretty glad to have an ex cuse to come,' she whispered in his ,ear. 'I was weary of waiting for, you to come back, and— oh, it was all such a bother. I would sooner have died than have gone back to the tin. lifellie life /from -which you saved ' me, Bryan.) St was all jhorrld. Oh, aren't I glad .I'm | M-e! . Ypu woUtt jend me back, will you?' i$* exclaimed, inVsudden alarm. 'We'll ialSSibout that in the morning,' he answeredT^T haven't read my 'letter yet. I may not be stopping here myself much long er.' -.'-?'. 'Say that I may stay as long as you do,' she persisted. 'Tell me that -when you go, you will take me with yoiK' Just let me hear you say that, and 1 won't Worry you any more. I'll do everything you tell me. You say that' He frowned and looked away from her great eager eyes on to the floor. Here was a pretty mess for him! What could he say to her? 'You'll have to be reasonable, Myra,' he said slowly. 'I don't see how you can stop. What on earth could I do with you? Do you know that there are four or five hundred men down in the valley there* and not a wo man amongst them? How could I keep you here?' 'No one would know that I was a woman,' she pleaded piteously. 'I would never go outside the door, if you like.' . 'They'd soon find 'out They'd want to know why you didn't work, and what was the meaning of those pretty hands and feet,' he said indulgently. 'No, we couldn't keep the secret if you stayed, Myra. They're a rough lot down there, too, I can tell you. ? Besides, what on earth would you wear?' he ) added, with masculine irrelevance. j She glanced down at the rents in her rough attire, and blushed. ! 'You have a needle and thread here,' she I said. 'I could patch these things up some- ( how. I — I brought a gown with me in my j bundle there, but I suppose I mustn't wear ! that?' i He shook his head and glanced toward the bundle, which was lying upon the floor half open. ? Something he saw. seemed to him fa miliar. He touched it with his foot and leaned forward. 'What dress did yon bring?' he asked. Her eyes sought his :ippeo_lmgly, and the deep color stained her cheeks. A little tre mulous smile parted the- comers of her lips. ; 'It is— the blue serge one, the one; you liked. I hail put it awaj' until you came .! back. Kind cf silly to bring it, wasn't it?' j He looked at her for a moment, and his ! own eyes grew misty. The pathos of the j whole thing, as he alone could understand it was irresistibly borne in upon him. Like a swift vision lie seemed to see her struggling across that great rocky plain, day after day, night after Eight, fighting against the hor rible loneliness, braving dangers and endur ing privations which might have daunted many a. man. and all the while clinging to her Tittle bundle, never parting with it even in those last dreadful hours of exhaustion and despair. .Poor child! He remembered liie gown well. It was one which he had bought for Lor himself, the straight tailor- j iriAde folds pleasing his English eye. He remembered, too, how proud she had been when he had admired it, and how she had worn it on every possible occasion. There it lay before him, carefully folded. and rolled up, and carried for more than five hundred miles in the hope that to see her in it might awaken some of the old tenderness which with him, alas! was almost a thing of thg past. He looked in her strained, plaintive face, and did -what, as yet of his own accord he had not done or desired to do. He kissed her. She laughed softly, and glanced up at him. from his shoulder, pointing to her clothes. 'Do these things look very awful?' He affected not to notice the look which pleaded f or ^ some consoling speech, and gently detaching lajnself from her embrace, he stooped down and drew from underneath the plank bed a long linen coat which he had bought in San Francisco, but had found far too small for him. He shook it and held it out to her. 'They want stitching, then they'd be all right,' he declared. 'You'd better put this on for a bit, and try to go to sleep. You've talked more than enough now, and you look deadly tired. Good night.' She sat up and looked at liim for a mo ment, but he kept his head turned resolutely away. 'Where are you— going to sleep?' she asked quietly. ''Outside. I generally do. We are too high up here for the dews to hurt you know. Call out if you are frightened, or if you want anything: I shall hear you.' 'Thank you. Oood night, Bryan.' A little break in her voice smote his heart He thought of the long lonely nights of ter ror through which she had passed, and he was troubled. He felt a brute. For a mo ment he hesitated. Then he took one swift step across to her side, and kissed her ten derly. 'Good night, llyra,' he said. 'God bless you!' She laughed a little. Blessings sounded oddly in her ears, but the kiss was more like old times. So she did her best to con sole herself with it, slipping off her soiled clothes and curling herself up on the bed. In a few moments she was asleep. It was the end of her pilgrimage. She had' risked her life, Lad faced a loneliness as aw ful as the loneliness of death, and had cheer fully borne the most terrible hardships to bring him the letter— and herself; and now that her task was at an end she lay stretched upon his hard plank bed, dreaming as peace fully of the happiness of being once more with the man she loved, as though the bed were -of down, and the hut a palace. And outside, within a few yards of her, the Englishman lay face downwards upon the short dry turf, cursing alike his past folly and his present weakness. His letter lay unopened by his side; for the moment he had even forgotten it. Whilst he had been with her he had striven, hard to hide his feelings; but now that he was alone in the darkness he looked this thing in the face, and the long er he looked the less he liked it. It seemed only the other day that he had made his es cape, that he had willingly, nay, eagerly turned over that short chapter of his life, and with intense relief had told himself that it was a past dream of folly, and done with for ever. It was one of fate's grim jests, an everyday affair. But it seemed a little hard upon her. (To be continued.) 