fiotTon. A POINT OF HONOUR. i. , 44 Molly, I am going away to-morrow, 1 am going back to London." 44 What is London?" asked eight year old Molly with wide-open oyes, as she looked at sturdy Tom, tho cornors ot bor lips already beginning to droop. . : 44 London is a great big lmmonso placo," answered Tom, spreading out bis arms as it to express immensity. 44 If it wero sot down hero, It would cover all this moor, and mites and miles more. It's all houses, nnd streets and shops. Oh, you can't guoss what it's like. You ;o never lived any where but at the. farm yonder." "But why must you go back there, to be sure. Ho sont mo away up to tho Manse to Undo Mnoalister becaUBO there was fovcr in our part, nnd ho had to go everywhere amongst it (he's a doctor, you know, and I'm going to he ono, loo. when I crow uul. but It's all over now, and school term will bo beginning directly. I missed tho summer term, but I musn't miss tho Michaelmas ono, too; so I'm to go away to-morrow. Wo got tbolettor this morning. It ought to hnvo como two days ago; but Sandy forget to leave it. We're got to say good-byo, Molly, for I've got such lots of things to do." Big tears hod gathered In Molly's oyes. She had played with Tom all through this long happy summer; sbo could oot faco tbo thought ot tho separation with tho equani mity that ho was trying to assumo. Ho wanted to play the man, and ho had tho prospect ot.tho excitement ot tho journey and that home coming before him, yet, all tbo sama for that, tho thought ot the parting with littlo Molly had bren heavily weighing upon him, and thoso brimming oyes o( horsdid not make things cnslcr. 44 Now, don't cry, Molly, but listen lo me. I've got to go away. Wo can't, olthcr of us, helpthnt; but I'll como back again, whon I'm a man, and fetch you away, too; nnd I'm going to marrv you here to-day, before I go, so that you will always belong to ma, and I shall bo your husband whorovor you ore. Do you understand ?"- Molly's oyes wore big and round. Eho had only tbo dimmest ideas on tho subject of matrimony ; but Tom's will was law to her. 44 You would liko to bo my littlo wife, Molly?" . "Oh yes, Tom?" " Yerpwell, thou. I- will marry you now. ui.ru. x uiivo my 1'rayer Doolc wltu mo.- ImUW nil about it ; and I havo got tho wed ding ring, too. It was my mother's. Fathor gavo it to me ; and I shall marry you with it, and you will hang it round your neck, becaupo it will bo too big for your finger, and when ever you look at it you will rcmombor that you are my littlo wifo." 44 1 will remember," answered Molly obedi ently, staring very hard, and feeling a thrill of importanco and pride. Tom led her to a great boutder, ono of many scattered upon tho bleak hlllsido ; and ho found the place in his book, nnd propped it open bo that ho coutd rend tho words qaita easily. As he did so ho explained to Molly In his own words tho nature of an oath, and how eoloran and binding It was. His undo had read him a lecture upon this subject not many evenings ago apropos of something he was reading in tho newspaper, and Tom had a faculty for grasping an idea nnd making it his own. When all was ready, ho took Molly's hand in his, and said, with, great gravity and earnestness : . . - " I, Tom, tako thee, Molly, to bo my wedded wife, to have and to hold from this day for- ward, for better for worso, for richer for poorer, in sickness nnd in health, to lore nnd to chorish, till death us do part, according to God's holy ordinance; and thoroto I plight thco my troth." 4 b ' xuuu, uuunsping nanuB, nnu clasping them again, ho mado Molly repeat after him tho corresponding troth-plight. 44 1, Molly, take theo Tom," horsoft voice willingly repenting tho words, her big, soloran oyo fixed earnestly on his face. After that was dono Tom pausod for a mo ment, then ho produced from his pocket an assortment of miscellnooous treasures—two knives, ono much broken, somo marbles, a small box of chalks, a pencil nnd pencil cutter, a good many nails stuck in a cork, and a variety of smaller possessions. Last of nil, from an inner pocket, ho produced a gold ring carefully wrapped up in soft paper. These articles he laid out in order upon the boulder nod tbon, taking the ring in his hand, ho solemnly possessed himself of Molly's left hand; 44 With this ring I thco wed, withmybodyl thco worship, and with all my worldlygoodsl theo endow; Intbenamo-— " The boyish volco dropped a littlo. nnd thoro was almost n note of awe in U, nnd ho pronounced with real reverence tho Threefold Namo. Molly gazed at him with wido, wondering eyes. 44 Now, Molly, we're married I" cried Tom, after a moment's pause, a note of triumphant jubilation In his voice, "Hero's a bit of ... . ,,„K ivuuu Juurm-CK, ill! youro bfgcncugh'towear it on your finger. But mind you tako caro of it alwnya, for it's your wedding-ring. We've been married now in tho English way, but we'll make everything quite safo bv being married as well In tho Scotch way directly ; only I want you to tako theso things first," nnd ho pointed to tho array upon tho stono. "But they're yours, Tom j they're not mine." 44 They're yours now ; didn't you hear me say I'd endowed you with them ?" Tom spoke bravely ; but his oyes rested upon the host knife, and Molly was woman enough to" 44 I'll give you them back—all of them, Tom, dear," she cried ; and then, with a diplomacy worthy of riper years, she added : " lou'd better .tako care of them for me. I've only ono pocket, »and it's often got a holo in it; and mammy doesn't liko mc having a knife." Tom's scruples were overcome, and bo 'bundled back his treasures into his own poc ket, only. insisting that Molly shoald have the little casa of chalks. "You might writo me a letter with them, or draw me a picture," he said, and Molly thought perhaps she would, when she learnt how. But there was still something moro to do. 14 Come along," said Tom, taking her by ths hand, and leading her towards the spot where tho old shepherd, Donald, with nis boy, Sandy, sat wa.tahlng tho flock, with thA old collie beside them. I'vo como to say good-bjc," said Tpm, going up and holding out a sun-browned hand. 44 I'm going to London to-morrow to my father. And I want to tell you Molly is my wife. Wo wore married this morning. I thought I'd like to marry her before I went awny, just to make things safe, you know." "A braw good plan, laddie," nnswored tbo old shepherd, with a twinkto in his eyo; and when Tom had done his farewells, and was alone again with Molly, ho sold to her : 44 That's how you get married in Scotland —you can if you like. You just toll pcoplo thnt you're married, and that makes you married. So now, you sec, wo'vo been mar ried twico ; you musn't ovor forgot that, Molly. You can't marry anybody elso ; and when I'm a man I'll corao and fetch you, and you'll livo with mo always and bo my little wifo." This thought sweetened tho parting a good deal, and Molly kissed Tom, and promised sho would novel, never forget ; nnd was quito suro sho would never want to marry anybody olse. So ho wont a littlo further with her, till tho grey farm-houso was full in Bight ; but ho did not como inside, oven to say good- byo to Molly's mammy ; for ho was afraid that thoy might cry if ho did, and Tom had matto up ms mind not to do that. Ho gave Molly a great many hugs, and sont her off homo, with tears in her eyes, whilst bo took to his heels and dashed down tho side of the hill towards the old Manse, half-glad that this hardest of partings was over, and rathor olnted with tho feeling that ho was a married man nnd a bridegroom. II. "You lucky dog 1" said Arrington. "If over thcro was a fellow borrrwith a silver spoon in his mouth, that fellow is Tom Cheston." 44 It's a great surprise to me," said Tom, who was now known to the- world as the' rising surgeon, whoso skill in somo branches was likely to make lilin a markod man in tho future, and n more successful ono . than his successful father. 44 1 just know that I had an old undo down in tho West ; but I think ho must hnvo picked a quarrel with my father, for he never spoke of him. Nor did I know that ho was a rich man, or that ho regarded mo in tho light of his successor. I snpposo I must run down and sco tho old fellow since ho wishes it." " You certainly will if you are wise. What luck somo fellows have t Well, you're a oood fellow, Tom, nud nobody will grudgo it you, aud you look ns if a littlo fresh air would do you good. I only wish it was my luck to get tho same. It's my part of tho country down there. Don't I wish I could go lr 44 Como with mo," said Tom heartily,- 44 1 hato too much of my own company. I'll stand treat, and you shall tako all tho trouble. It's a bargain mind 1 I'll drop you nt your place, and stop tho night there, and go on to my uncle's next day. It's only a matter of twolvo miles or so, you say." And so it camo about a few days later, upon a lovely June evening, Tom and his friend wero sitting perched upon somo crumbling sand-cliffs, overlooking a wido expanse of level sand below, and beyond that the shining, snarkling sea and tho glow of tho sunset In the west." They had been talking quietly on indifferent subjects, when Arlington suddenly sprang halt-up exolaimlng : "Great Jchosophatl Is sho being run away with : Or can It bo sho does not know ?" " What do you mean?" asked Tom, alarmed by tho look upon his companion's faco. His eyes wero fixed upon a girl rider, galloping along the yellow sands, and Ins cheek was growing pnlo. "The quicksands! Thoqubksands ! " cried Arlington, the drops gathering on his brow. " If sbo doesn't knew, or if the horse is j bolting with her, she'll bo into them in a jiffy— you can so© the shimmering lino that divides them from tho firm eand— and then 1 Ino power on earth can savo her. Sho'll bo sucked down to a living death botoro our very oyes I" Tom was on his fcot and dnshlog down the perilous sand-cliff boforo tbo words were out of his companion's mouth. Arlington was slightly crippled from a recent attack of acuto rheumatism, and hod neither strength nor power for such rapid descent ; nor, .indeed, had it occnrrcd to him ns possible that any body could scale tho treacherous orumbling eliff, savo at tho places where a path had been cut out. Perhaps, In oold blood, Tom could not havo done It. But it Is marvellous what wo can do whon the blood is tingling in our veins, and it seems a raco for lifo or death. Tom hud strength of muscle, and tho trained eye and hand so essential to ono In his pro fession, ns well us tho iron nerve which had helped him to his present position. Spring ing, slipping, running, fulling, .but never losing his hold on something, novor growing dizzy, or falling to tako advantage of tho nature of tho trcachorous ollfl wherever an advantage was to bo gained from it, ho reached tho bottom with nothing worso than a wrenohed shoulder and a rent coat, and started off nt full spcod across tho sands to warn tho rider, who was'still sweeping along. _ Plainly her horso was giving her trouble. but plainly, nlso sho had not boon socking seriously to check him till tho shouts and gestures of tho running figure and tho signals of a man on tho cliffs— littlo more than a speck to her— warned hor that sho was in s«me unknown peril. Sho nulled hard at her reins. She got tho horse's band partly round towards Tom, and two minutes lator, through thlschango of direction, bo was ablo to scizo thocrcaturo'sbrldlo, aud assist her in bringing him to a standstill. Whon tho battlo had ended and ho looked up, it was to encounter tbo glanco of such radlanco nnd sweet archness nnd confusion, that his heart leaped within Mm, as it often docs at tho sight of somo -unexpected and brilliant beauty. Ho was looking at tho loveliest girl ho had over scon in his lifo ; and bis heart gave a suddon bound as though somo strango thing bad happened to it. Inn fow moments be explained tho danger sho had. been in, and hor faco grow palo as sho listened and looked. 44 Oh, I did not know. I had nevor bcon hero before. I am trying a new borso ; he is so very strong. I brought him here becacso I thought a gallop on tho sands would quiet him better than anything else. How can I thank von ?" "Don't thank mo. It was my frieml yonder who told mo of tho peril you wore in. I am n stranger in theso parts. Now are you quite sure your horso is manageable? Will' you let mo walk beside you till you get him to the road yonder, just nt tho foot ol tbo cliff. Then thcro will bo no fear." Ho paced besido her for a fow hundred yards, talking eommoii-plnces, and stealing glances at hor lovely flushed face. Whan ho had seen her in safety, and was turning away, she held out her littlo Rlovcd hand, and. said half-nrchly, half-timidly : " Good-bye. I shan't try to thank you. I can t ; but may I not know tho nnnio of my preserver? I am suro my undo will scold mo if I go homo without it." Tom handed her his card with a little bow. Sho glanced at It and flushed and kindled in a bewitching fashion. herhamlhnl!meCt Itca!n'" shc cried.wvring ..And Tom stood looking after her, feeling as though something strango and new had como into his life, which would never be quite tho samo again. Two evening, later Tom camo loco to loco until this girl once more in the drawing-room cf his uncle's quaint old Tudor house. She was dressed all in white. There wero stnrry blossoms in her golden hair. Hor oyes were shining with a shy, eager light. Mr. Cheston, with a 6mile on his face, pronounced tho In troduction. " Tom, let me present you to Lady May Renfrew, tho moco of -my good friend and neighbour, who Imataken pity on Mb bachelor loneliness, nnd, has' como to keep house for him. You vouhg folks must help to mako each other lively forns long ns you can bo persuaded to 6tay, Tom.'.' Tom had met Mr Renfrew that- day out fishing. He and Mr Cheston owned adjoin ing proportics, nnd were friends of long standing. In tho ovonlng they sat down to chess as a natural thing, and tho youDg peoplo strayed out Into tbo soft shadows of tho garden, where tho dying daylight aud the Bummer moonlight mado a witchery of con flicting lights nnd shadows. ' Thoy talked us men and maidons havo talked since tho world began Its coarse, and walked as in a Garden of Eden of their own. No word of love passed Tom's tins, lor thcro camo between him and this radiant girl a dim floating vision of a babyfaco, and of a troth plight made long years, ago, which hod almost been forgotton. Ho had somotlmcs thought of it ns tho years fled by. Perhaps the memory had helped to keep him from thoso thoughts of lovo and marriage which como so easily to some, for Tom had nover had a love affair In his lifo as yot. When Lndy May was gono, ho stood leaning ovor the tcrracc-wall, gazing towards tho moon lit 6ca, and ho started when, Ms uncle (to wbom ho bad taken a great liking) como and laid a kindly hand upon his shoulder. 44 If you could only'Iearn to lovo caoh other it-would make two old men very happy, my boy. You are my heir. Sho lamy old friend's heiress. He has adopted her ; sho is lko tho apple of his oyc. Her pcoplo are of tho cold, Eroud sort. Bho was never happy at homo ; cro she Is the lifo and sunshino of tho placo Ah ! Tom, she would mako you n sweet wifo 1 " For ono week Tom and May were constantly thrown into each other's company. Tho days seemed to speed as on wings. Thoy walked in that glamour oflovely young dream which transforms tho world aud annihilates time, nnd makes tho hour fly or drag accord-' lug as they sire spent in company or apart. And still no word of lovo passed Tom's lips, though there was that in his dark, deep-sot eyes that told its own tale. Then suddenly ho loift, said ho muBt go, but would return when . August had como ; and Lady May bid him adiou with shining oyes in which tho tear-drops glistened. HI Was he bound In honour to thnt child's promise, or » was ho not? This was tho thought which novor.lcft Tom by night or by day ns he plunged into tho vortex of his professional work nfter tho brief recess. Every incident of that childish' 44 wedding " was clear to him now; and again and again ho sought to laugh ibo notion to scorn, whilst the voico of conscience said in his heart : 44 You wero old enough to know something of tho nature of an oath. You made your proraiso with your whole understanding and minu. laow uo you Know tuat sbo is not waiting for you still ? Child as sho was, sho may remember, too. Until you havo scon her again and hnvo released yourself from that solemn pledge, you should not think of youreolf as absolutely free. It may havo bcon nothing but a childish vow ; but a vow it was, and a plighted word is not' to bo lightly broken. Would you liko tho story to como to Lady May's ears, and for ypu to bo forced to confess that you have nover sought to ascertain whether tho other child remem bered? That thought settled -tho matter, and as soon as Tom's summer substitute was Installed in his houso for tho blnnk months of August nnd September, ho mado his way by tho northern express up to that Highland Manse, where ono bright boyhood's summer had been Bpcnt, and which ho bnd not visited since. His uncle had been many years dead, but tho present minister received him kindly, though he could tell him nothing as to tho former residents at the Burnsido Farm, The present owners had only been there fivo years, but that wns longer than his own appointment to tho little kirk. He helped Tom iri liis inquiries, but fourteen years had passed since the persons he inquired for had departed, and nobody knew where thoy bnd gono. Thoy must havo left quito a short whllo after Mb own visit. They hnd gone south, he heard, and that was all. Nobody in the place bad heard anything of them for a long, long time; their very memory seemed to havo been blotted out. Tom soarocly know whether ho wore disap pointed or relieved by this cheek. Ho had hoped to find 'Molly r. married woman with bairns of her own clustering about her, to Jaugh with her over their childi»h troth- plight, and recelvQ back from hor his mother's gold ring in exchange for somo moro sub stantial token of good will. Bat thon, again, bad always como the doubt : Suppose sho was ono of thoso .who remembered and kopt a childish faith? How tben? And nt that thought his hdnrt always sank so low thnt it was with ns much relief as disappointmont that ho discovered tho impossibility of tracing hor. And now, was ho Iretj? "Was thcro any further need to think -of that childish com pact, solemnly mado in all truth, yet with no real understanding of its nature in tho mind ol either child? Ho thought not. Ho thought ho might dismiss it from his mind. And yet, as tho train carried him south, ho found that bo could not dismiss it; tho vibrations' of tho sleeping carriage seemed -for over repeating tho fiame thing. 44 With this ring I theo wed, with my body i moo worship, with nil my worldly goods I thco endow in tho Name — " Bleep would not come to him. Tho vision of May's lovoly faco camo betweon him and any thought of rest. Ho hungered for a sight of her. no recalled cvory soft sweet word that Had fallen from her lips whon he had sat besido her on' summer evenings and had talked to her as ho had never talked to any other woman; whilst she had listened .with down-bent eyes, a soft flush upon her cheek, and a tender, dreamy smile upon hor lips. Ho felt ho could win her if ho could but let himself go. If he had spoken no word of lovo, It was not because ho feared she would not listen. It was rather that ho had always folt that possibly honour held him back— that if sho know all sho would tell him to seek out Molly first— that ho know his own conscienco was whispering tho sarao counsel. Well, now ho had dono that, ho hnd dono his best. If be bad failed, was that his fault? Was ho not frco? Could honour itsolf de mand more ? Tho vcico within him told him yes, ono thing moro. Before ho asked troth-plight of Lady May ho must tell hor all tho talo, and lot hor know how far ho had onco pledged himself, even though ho wero but a twelve- year-old urohln nt the time. Tho welcome ho recolved from his undo was very warm; but as thoy oat at table together tbo first evening, ho said anxiously : 44 1 hopo my boy, that you and May wfll como to somo understanding soon. It docs not do to bo too leisurely a wooer. We 'both thought you were beginning— well, you know what — she as well as you. But it doos not do to bo too long about it. 'Faint heart,' you know ; nnd my old friend was talking to ma about May tho other day. Ho has n sort of fear lost sho may not bo quito as frco and -heart wholo as wo hopod. Anyway, my dear bov, don't lose time. May is a very charming girl. Bhc'hnd hor admirers, I can toll you." Tom went to bed that night In n whirl of feeling. ;Yes, it was very truo; ho must loso no more lime. Ho must not loso her by tardiness. Ho would scok her out on tho motrow, and tell hor nil. Ho would put his fate into her hands ; ho would enduro tills Busponso and uncertainty no more. ' Hq found hor at tho sunset hour in a little ccriq of her own perched high upon tbo cliffs, looking ovor the wide, glistening sea. Hor chin, was in her hand, her eyes wore dreamy and soft. Sho did not at onco mark his ap» proacb. Ho spoke her name, and sho started up, tho color flushing her face from brow to chin. Ho stood holding her hands in his, devouring nerwitn msouruing glances, his heart boat ing almost to suffocation. "May," ho said, in a voico that sounded scarcoly like his own. 44 1 love you. I think I havo loved you from tho first moment I saw you. Do you know why I havo not told you this before ? Sit down, aud let me explain. Whon you havo heard all you shall judgo whether I am freo— whether I may ask you tho question that I long to do. . You shall decido whether I am bound in honor by what- happened 60 many, many years ago. There shall bo no cloud of secrecy between uc." Hor eyas wore glowing beneath tho droop- ing lashos; -sho let hlra hold her hand in bis whilst he (old his tale. - 44 1 was only a boy ; I was twolvo years old. It was iu Scotland, and a little, girl from a farm played with me all ono long summer. Wo loved each other, boy and girl fashion. She was but eight years old. When I was going I promised to come hack and ranrry her, more than this, I swore it in tho most solemn way I could think of. I took tbo mar ring© vow upon my lips, we plighted our troth upon the moor. I gavo ncr my mother's wedding-ring ns n pledge. For years I hdd mysolf married. May, what am I to do now ? When I first knew I loved, all this camo back. I felt a qualm of conscienco in case Molly should remember. I have been to look for her; I cannot find her ; sho is gone. Am I to lore the happiness of my life for this scruplo of honor ? Is tho ghost of a boyish lovo— a boyish vow, to stand between me and my life's happiness?" Hosnokwltb agitation. Hof nnswcrracant so muoh to hlm.T Tho colour was coming and. going in her face. Sbo"raited hero oye? sud denly, and looked fall at him ; hor lips wore quivering, thoro was tho mueto.o! mingled laughter and tears in hor voice; "Tom," sbo said, "was tho ring that you gavo to littlo Molly ouvtbing like this ?" ' Sho hold out her loft hand,. A plain gold cirolot was sparkling upon tho third finger. Ho caught hor band, and a quick gasp broko from him. Something in her look and volco —had ho ovor noticed it before ?— had it over been a link botween them ? Was ho drenm- ing? It could not bo! What had como to blm ? Was bo going mad ? 44 Molly I Molly 1 May ) " ho cried,' and could say no more. 44 Yes, call mo Molly. Tom, It brings baek tho day when I was tho little foster ot tho farm— happy and wild and frco. 0 Tom 1 I know you tho first momont when our eyes met. Again and again I thought that you must surely, remember mo. Iam your little wifo Molly. And I havo nover forgotten I" " Molly, Molly 1 Oh, how can It be? A Scotch farmer's child ?" 44 No, only foster-child. My mother nearly died when I was born ; nobody thought I could live. Thoy wero In tbo Highlands shooting; the good farmer's wifo camo to their bolp. Her baby had died tho day before. She took mo, and tbo doctors all said tbo only chance for my growing up strong nnd healthy was keeping mo thoro for tho first oigbt or ten years of my lifo, and letting me run barefoot and wild, liko a child of tbo moor. 1 was ton years old before I was taken homo; and I never fitted into tho now grovo. I wqb never quito as tbo others arc. . I had not tho same tristcs or pursuits. My great joy was always to get out into the air. When I wns quit of this schoolroom, unclc boro mado mo his pet. I came often to visit Mm. At last ho invited mo here altogether, and thoy let roo come. Thoy did not tbink I should over make a good match ; and this was liko a prospoctivo provision for mo. You soo, nobody knew that I was married already, and I began to think that my husband would not como for me I " 44 Molly, O Molly 1 and you knew me when we mot?" 4 Oh 1 yes ; I know. You havo not changed much, Tom, though I know I have. I had always thought of you as Tom Macalllstor— the namo ot Cheston nover recalled anything —but when Isawyou 1 know I" 44 And you nover told me 1 Why not, Molly?" Tho blush whloh dyed hor faco wns almost answercnough. Ho looked at her a moment, and put his arms about her. Sbo laid ber head upon bis shoulder with a little ' sigh of contentment. 44 You wlU marry mo then, my Molly ?" 44 For tho third timo?" sho queried, with a delicious little laugh. 41 Don't you remember <vc wore married twice that day, to make as- surnnco doubly sure? Ob ! yes, Tom, I will marry you, ynu dear- blind old bntl And think how obcap It will bo for you I You will not hnvo to buy n wedding-ring, for I will hnvo none other but Ibis!" 