St. Mary's Cathedral, SOLEMN OPERAND 11UJ N - DEDICA- MAGNIFICENT^ IMPRESSIVE RITUAL. (From Our Special Reporter). The solemn opening and dedication of St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney, was inaugurated by a solemn triduum beginning Thursday, 6thinst., when Pontifical High MasB was celebrated by the Most Rev. Dr. Grimes, S.M., Bishop of Christchurch, N^. There was a very large number of the "local and visiting clergy present, and a full congregation. Ah eloquent sermon was preached by the Very. Rev. Father T. O'Farrell, C.SS.R., who took for his text, "Behold, henceforth all generations shall call Me blessed." The choir rendered Haydn's No. 3 Imperial Mass, Farrant's unaccompanied anthem "O Sacrum Convivium," Gounod's "Ave Maria," and Handel's " Hallelujah Chorus." Farrant's anthem was sung at the Gradual, and Handel's ' Hallelujah ' at the end, as the clerical procession left, the sanctuary, The chorus, which consisted of about 170 carefully selected voices, sang with conspicuous purity of tone, pression, and firmness of attack, and strict attention to detail. The whole was produced under Mr. Delaney At seven p.m.the Cathedral was againtoll, when the Very Rev. Dr. Carroll, V.G., gave solemn Benedhcbien of the most holy Sacrament. The preacher was the Very Rev. John Ryan, S.J. rector of Kew College. The musical solos at S u S ' ^ B ^ - b ? - S C y F. J° Riley; r.td "Tantaim Ergo," by Mr. Murray. On Friday morning the triduum was continued. Pontifical High Mass was celebrated at 11 a.m., the celebrant being the Most Rev. Dr. Reville, O.S.A., Coadjutor Bishop of Sandhurst. Among those also in the sanctuary were the Archbishop of Melbourne; Archbishop Redwood, of Wellington; Dr. Grimes, Bishop of Christchurch; Dr. Moore, Bishop of Ballarat; and Dr. Dunne, Bishop of Wilcannia. The music chosen for the triduum was Delaney's Mass. The sermon was preached by Dr. Gallagher, Bishop of Goulburn, who took for his text, "All tilings are passing away; behold all things are now new." In the evening solemn benediction of the Holy Sacrament,was given, and a sermon was preached by the Rev. Father Larkin, O^P., of Adelaide. On Saturday, which was the third day of the Triduum, and Feast of the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin, High Mass was celebrated at 10 a.m. in St. Mary's Cathedral, in the presence of an immense attendance of worshippers and the whole body of visiting bishops and : priests who are here to take parti in ,the forthcoming Roman Catholic Congress. Immediately prior to the Mass'Cardinal Moran performed the solemn offioe of blessing and dedicating the cathedral to' the . Blessed Virgin. A suitable sermon was preached during the/intoning by Dr. Grimes, the Bishop of jOhristchurch. . . On Sunday, nt ll a.m ;,the great function of opening anddedicating the Cathearal to the^lessedVirginMary was performed by the Cardinal Archbishop of Sydney (MostRev* Dr. Moran), assisted by thearohhishopB, bishops, yeary rev. and rev v.elersp% who had come to Sydney to join yith confreres of the ecclesiastical T>rpnnoe of _N.S,W. m the grandestjsageajit ewer ^witnessed in the colony. ®ie great basilica was tjhronged to the doors, notwithstanding the fact that admission tfas by. ticket, £1 and u». The imposing function was inaugurated by aprooeBsion of the pre- a te^^^^^t^aantTaSreS m suitan and«now^to/optta, His Rev. Dr, O'Haran, bringlsg np the rear. Amongst the other dignitaries . pyespnt ffg^-fliMe of Melboume (Mort Rev. Dr; Carrt. His OiM'^jfrltaiM^ Rev. Dr. CReily) ; jfefl^e the Aroh- ^wopdjt fiJMiJjpasfc,:js?-t5t N.Z (Most Rev. Dr. Grimes. S.M): His Lordship the Bishon of BaUarat (Most Rev. Dr. Moore); His Lordship t'he Coadjutor-BiBhoD of Sandhurst (Most Rev. Dr. Reville. O.S.A.); His Lordstop the Bishop of Goulburn (Most Rev. Dr Gallagher); His Lordship, the Bishop of Wilcannia (Most Rev. Dr. Dunne); His Lordship the Bishop of Rockhampton (Most Hev. Dr. Higgins); His Lordship the Coadjutor-BishoD of Maitland (Most Rev. Dr. Dwyer): Very Rev. D. 0. Egan, D.D., O.S.B.. (Auckland\; the Superior of the Vincentians (Very Rev. A. Boyle, C.M.); the Superior of the Passionists (Very Rev. V. Grogan, C.P.); the Superior' of the (Very Rev. P. B. Kennedy, y Rev. John Ryan. S.J. i^ery Rev. Prior Kelly, ,rne); Very Rev. Dean "llineton). In addition visitors from Victoria were:—The Very Rev. (Administrator, Sale), Dean Phelan, the Very g&^SJ-Ve^ iFSugS; G.M.. the Verv Rev. J. Byan.S.J., o ^ c f u ^ W III son. Rev. P. Brenan, R«v. P. J. Clune, O.SS.R., Rev. T. Cowiev. O.C.C., Rev. M. Dolan. Rev. G. Doyle, Rev. J. A. Gloesion. Rev. M. C. Gough, Rev. Dr. Kelly. Rev. J. E. King, Rev. D. Lawton. Rev. Dr. McManamny, Rev. D. B. Nelan, Rev. J. H. O'Connell, Rev. E. O'Brien, fie v. T. J. Rooney. Rev. P. Raffert. The Papal Nights, Dr. A. L. Kenny, Messrs. Jas. Coghlan, J. Hughes, M.L.C., J. Dal ton, T. Dalton, M.L.C., J. T. Tooliey, T. Slattery, M.L.C., Dr. Donovan, accompanied the procession, and occupied seats inside the Sanctuary rails, wearing the full insignia of their distinguished order, The immense congregation rose en masse as the procession entered the Cathedral, the great organ pealing forth Batiste's offertoire in D minor, Hi s Excellency the Governor of New g^th Wales (the Rieht Honourable Earl Beauchamu, K.C.M.G.) : His Excellencv, the Governor of Queensland (Lord Lamington. K.C.M.G.); His Excellencv, the Lieutenant-Governor of New Guinea (the Hon. Mr. Le Hunte), drove up in two carriages, attended respectivcly by Captain Wilfrid Smith, Captain F:»rquhar, and Captain Hederp €f cy. A guard of honour composed of tbe Irisll Bifleg reCeived their Excellencies at the entrance to the Cathedral, Tbev were heartily welcomed by the Cardinal on the steps of the Cathedral d c, nd ucted by His Eminence £ officers of H chufcll to 8eat 8 in the sanctuary on the right of the altar, Mr. T A ^ J. A. Delaney, the organist, playing in the meantime the "Triduum March." A few minutes' pause ensued to allow later arrivals to take their places. The s ? lemn ' impressive and beautiful service arranged for the day was then ente red upon. It vm observable at this stage that the audience included the Chief Justice (Sir Frederick Darley), Mr Gray (a member of the Queensland Government), the Colonial Secretary (Mr. J. See), the Minister for Works (Mr. E. W. O'Sullivan), the Vice-President of the Executive Council (Mr. F. B. Suttor), Mr. G. H. Reid, P.C., Q.C., Maior- General French (in full uniform, with medals), Major Boam, Mr. J. Anderson, M.L.A. (of Victoria), Messrs. Spruson, Ashton, Ferris, and D. O'Connor, M's.L.A., Messrs. Fehon and Kirkaldie (Railway Commissioners), Mr. Critchett Walker (Principal Under Secretary), the Mayor of Sydney (Sir' M.. Harris), ; n ],i 8 ci vi c robes, the town clerk (Mr. Anderson), in a recorder's wig and gown, the Consul for Denmark (Mr. Boesen), in uniform, the Consul for Spain (Mr. FreeliillJ in uniform, *Mr. R. e. O'Connor, Alderman T. Hughes, Mr. L. Harnett (Serge»nt-at- Arms of the Legislative Assembly), Mr. J. Meagher, M.L.C., Mr. G. Coleman (Mayor of Wagga), and Mr. J. M. PurveB (Mayor 0f North Sydney), The Cardinal- Archbishop, and other dignitaries having taken their places in the Sanctuary, Pontifical High Mass was sung by the Coadjutor-Bishop of Maitland (Most Rev. Dr. Dwyer); assistant priest, Right Rev. Mgr. O'Brien; deacon, Rev. Jas. Hanrahan; sub-deacon, Rev. Jos. Davies ; master, of ceremonies, Rev. J. O'Grady. Mozart's Mass, No. 12, was admirably rendered by a combined choir (220 voi ces) an(j orchestra (22). After the offertory, Gounod's "Ave Maria." was sunK by Miss Kate Roohey, and' as a finaf e Handel's "Hallelujah Chorus." The dedicatory sermon was delivered w His Grace the Archbishop of Wellington, N.Z. (Most Rev. Dr. Redwood, g M.). The Dedication gembh. By Db. Rbdwood, S.M,, Asohbjbhop "He shall reign in the house'of Jaoob for ever, and of His kingdom;;therf wall be no end;"-Sfc.; Liike i. We are here assemWed in tljonBa^ds to hold a ^ ^ augurate a great eyentjS-,, mm an. ttesbruditfl -the fob'?, er you Catholics of Sydney, emulating the piety of your forefathers in those ages of faith which created the noblest ligious edifices, grey with venerable age, in the old world, set yourselves the noble task of perpetuating in this fair Austral land the glorious traditions of the past. TRIUMPH AND THANKSGIVING, . This beautiful cathedral, now sufficiently completed to make us envy the eyes that will see it in its finished magnificence, this structure so grand in design, so solid, so majestic, and so .rich in every architectural grace and detail, is your gift to the Almighty, worthy H of your traditional faith and devotion, s It is the triumph of your faith an generosity. It will stand on its com- w manding site a principal ornament < f your queenly capital, a splendid land- i mark to be hailed with joy by the pil- w grim from distant shores, as he sails i up your incomparable harbour. And ts. second solemn opening to-day b elicitously coincident with the First Ca- m tholic Congress celebrated under the Southern Cross. We are met together I to solemnly return thanks to God for w all His blessings bestowed upon His l Church at large, and upon this country in . particular, during the nineteenth y century about to close, and to invoke HLs benediction and favour upon the twentieth century about to open. From' tiltae to time, in the course of human destinies, occur greater and more striking events, in which and the future are, as it wecef^jilnBrieJ up, and which, though .-'intnii'sicaHy^" great, are tokens and r^pi^'^etitatives . of greater things than th^dv^j. SHeJrj' is the purport of our paeseiit 'cejebri-- tion. It witnesses that Jni^i Jias been done; it predicts that niueli-V i'nfl- moce is to follow; it is the reco^oitriaii: arid seal of past successes, and an t '1ns+rtP r -* ment of their consolidation and increase. Well, then, may we rejoice on this day, and most happily does i, fall within the octave of the Feast of the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin Marv; for to whom under God are our acknowledgments more truly due, and our expectations more securely turned than to the all-holy and ever-glorious Mother of God? ,,,_ •^TTTT-K-rrmtT ^t-, M\ THEME THE DIVINTTY OF t , CHRIST. I remember that, eighteen years aao. at the first opening of this noble pile, my theme was the divmity of Christ, and I see no reason to change that theme to- day, though I shall, of course, view it under other aspects, and treat it in a different way. At the close of this century, we are assTCiated with the whole Catholic world in doing solemn homage to Christ, the Redeemer of mankind in paying to Him our trihute of adoration,- praise, and love, in thanking Him especiallv for the price- less benefit of our redemption, and in invoking His Almighty blessing upon the approaching twentieth century, which already stirs our hearts with sanguine hopes and serious apprehensions —a century'whose influences on human society are incalculable, and fraught with the most momentous consequences for weal or for woe. Considering Jesus Christ in His social aspects, I proceed, then, with His assistancn, to prove His divinity, by exhibiting the supernatural and divine society which He has created in thc bosom of mankind. The highest manifestation of Divine power is the creative power. Of course man has not this sovereign attribute, He cannot create in the strict sense of the word,, but. he can do what resembles this Divine attribute, he can found; and this power to lay a foundation, to build upon it, and to completo the structure, is a ray of Divine power; and in nothing else is human power so fully manifested. Therefore, the extent of a man's social power is measured by the extent of his social foundations. Men, before now. have been known to found an intellectual society, or school, by science; a political society, or an empire, by might ; a religious society, or Beet, by the passions of men But Christ did not found a school by science, nor an empire by • i. „„_ „ _„„(. i.,, „p m f-Hrfon a nded'a^ligolsSy, ol Church, by His own Divine power: He set up a spiritual kingdom to last for ever, in which He reigns supreme, as Prophet, Priest, and Kinc, even to the consummation of the world ; nay, when +w that Church rfci.^h Militant on earth Pfli+b shall have accomplished its Divine mission it shall pass into the Church Triumphant ill heaven, the blissful reign of ghrist and His saints for all etemty : vSnorlimi fbn Rniritnni ing for that nu^ty puipose human u^ strumente, humanly speaking, entirely inadequate, .OUR LORD DID NOT FOUND A SCHOOL OF SCIENCE. ' He did not found a school of science, To a few ignorant fishermen on the shores of Lake Tiberias He said; "FollowMe, and I will make you fishers of men." (Matt. iv. 19.) He said to an obscure Galilean, • "QXL Thee I will Imild My Oht^."-T(MaJt. xvi. 18.) H&g;&a; o th&e; Strange disciples, " Grt. ^tid, top, a bank on Lake Genessarpth, a.traveJlef's bench near Jacob's well. What Bib favourite audience P—The common people, the poor! What His style of teaching ?—Most simple, Easily iiiiderstood by all. Is thin human science, after the manner of Plato, Descartes; • Leibnitz? No; but a Divine teaching which has overthrown the obstacle df heredity, the barrier of nationality, the division of races, • and has triumphed alike over the past and the future.-- • ' Neither did Christ found an eTjtyire by might. Might is : hard, violent', imperious, while Jesus was all gfreefc and calm and meek, all kind and merciful the Founder of an immorta! knew full well that, might shortlived societies, and that all take the sword shall ultimately perish by the sword. He checked the zeal of His Disciples who to resist. " Put tip thy sword thy scabbard." (John* xviii. 11.) "To found a kingdom which shall embrace the world, I send, you, not with, armies, not with the thunder of battles and the glare of conflagrations; send you as sheep in the midst of (Matt. x. 7-16.) Is this the of might? Nay. is it not- the language of extreme weakness^ And. this Divine weakness has "hcliioved far more than the sword of Romulus. the lance of Attila, of the scimitar of Mahomet. HIS CHURCH NOT A SECT, Christ did not found a sect. by appeal to the passions of men. What has not religious fanaticism effected by cleverly pandering to sensual passions? Did Chrlst flatter , the popular ,instincts? Did He foster the ambition of the Jewish race aspiring to the repolitical sovereignty of the world—a sovereignty which Mahomet was obliged to promise to the Arabian race? . Did He put forward tho Mes sianic idea according to the carnal conception of the Jews? Did He flatter the pride of .His disciples and give free scope to their wordly and national ambition? No. He said to them, ' Of yourselves you are nothing and can do nothing; do what I command you, and when you have done so, beat, your breast and say you are unprofitable servaiits." Did Christ flatter sensual passions? Is the Gospel thc law of plea sure? Nay, is it not the law of the Cross? A mere thought., a look accounted as sinful as an a.clioi;, a desire 0f revenge judged worthy of pimishment, the indulgence in' a F.clf-complacent feeling able to destroy a wiioKi jjf e 0f sacrifices and virtues': such is the morality which has 'Irawu the world <-.„ the feet"of Christ crucified. What, then, is this power which, without appeai to science, or miglit, or human passions, nay, despising ilieui all. has nevertheless founded a kingdom, unique in the world; has conquered time, and space, overcome the barriers of heredity, nationality, and race, subjugated the past and the future ? Verily it is the same Divine power which in.ado the world out of nothing. Rut that power is Christ's, therefore Christ .is God. Let us now look- more elosoly at this visible Church of Christ ; this vast and wonderful society of the Redeemed, Was it an absolutely novel work, without root in the past, without pvecpdent? No. That sublime creation had a long preparation analogous to the preparation of our terrestrial globe. Geological stratifications disclose to us a slow and. rising progress of life towards imperial man, who sums up all their lives in himself. Kingdoms, faniilies, genera, and species succeed each other as prophetic signs of His advent, So it was with the historic classification in regard to the work of Christ. We behold human generations ever advancing in the growing light of Divine Rovelation, and the old Church announcing in many ways the apparition of tlio. new. ^^ ATT „„„,,.. GERM OT ALL REVEALED .. , . f, ,, 7^, , ,, THE , Already, ,n the old Church, the virt u anticipation, From thejust man Abel the first harvest of death no one could be -saved unless he believed at least un • ^ S t Wsed I^doemer. This fundamental article of faith contains Kf. m , ana % all the revealed truths wh l ?» 1 ever be announced to the world, and the souls whom it gathers together already belong to the Church of j ugfcly Christ. said that It «y accordingly )e j, ogj nni n!, has been of a|j ft?"? * oi an things .is the Catholic Church." That W S ^ g f Ati. teiniinate form, in the Judaic institui ars Thomas Aquinas remarks-all these th^gs i mperfect, preceding and preparing the perfect. The old Church was conscious of her imperfection, and while she prefigured the neiw .Church by her constitution, she'announced her by splendid prophecies. "All the ends of the .earth," she said by the royal woutli of David, " shall remember, and shall be. converted id the I^ifd; apd ,all"- the kingdoms of the- G'entiles sball adore in His s&hfc.;", "Arise, be; enlightened, O j Jenisaliem," Kaias cries out, " the Geii- OLDIST. MAEY'S CATHEDi SYDNEY. .. Burned down June 29, 11 thy side. Thou shalt see and abound, and thy heart shall wonder and be enlarged, when the multitude of the sea shall be converted to thee, the strength of the Gentiles shall come to thee, PREPARATORY EVOLUTION. Thus the old Church expected the new, but she was no stranger to the work of Christ. She was an assemblage of sacred elements wliich He transformed by imparting to them a greater perfection; perfection of the truth made clearer and enriched with new revelations; perfection of the law impelling to sublimer virtues; perfection of the sacraments which, from indicate, signs, became operative signs, multiplying grace in tlieir action; perfection of the priesthood marked with a more godly character, invested with nobler functions, permeated with broader and stronger authority, and endowed with immortal life; perfection of expansion, crossing the limits of one nation to include the whole world; perfection of duration, passing from a determinate lime to perpetuity; all these perfections crowned and confirmed by a more copious effusion and a deeper penetra- <io>i of the Holy Spirit. And in this particularly, is the definitive worK of Christ distinct, from its preparation. The <IIoly Ghost is the soul of the Church, and hence, in the .Apostles' Creed, after saying "I believe in the Holy Ghost," we immediately add, "I believe in the Holy Catholic Church." The soul and the body are inseparable. Throughout the long ages of preparatory evolutions, the Spirit of God gave Himself in a measured and sacred manlier. But when the hour of perfection eamo, He showed Himself, lavinlied Himself, filled souls to the brim, and wrought countless marvels. Look at (lie day of Pentecost. The Apostles, who were the first elemeuts of t he Christian society so elaborately prepared by our Saviour, were all together in prayerful expectation of the fulfilment of their Lord's promises. Sud- now covering the whole world, and eri- • I X thousand benefits of the Redemption, is the expansion of the small group in the upper chamber, quickened by the Holy GhoBt, the world-wide Church of Christ. THE CHURCH THE WORE OF CHRIST. Do you wish to learn its nature and attributes Start from this principle: the Church, being the work of Christ, was made to His image and likeness. Now, in the Incarnate Word'we have the invisible and the visible: a world of grandeur and perfection full of mysterfes beyond human ken, and a firing flesh manifesting itself to our and revealing, by its acta, the principle which vivifies it. So also in theWch. The invisible is her soul, the society of the just, the vast and mysterious capacity of which lies beyond our measurement; the visible is her body, the external society whose members ostensibly united in the profession of the same faith and the reception of the some sacraments, reveal the principle which gives them supernatural 1 life. Again, there reigns in the person of the Incarnate Word a wonderful order of all its element, a perfect subordination o the apparent to the hidden, of the little to the great, of what must obey to what must command. So m tile Church everything lias its proper order and place; everything holds togather in a complete dependence on Christ . nmsible, and this. dependence shows itself by the harmonious motions in every direction, from the top of the hierarchy whence the commands come down to the lowliest of the f^thful and from the lowliest of the faithful whence obedience rises to the top of the hiera r &y;, in the Incarnate Word there s the constant mtemenetration of the iumaii and the Divine. Not only is His hallowed soul bathed in the splenof the Pivinitv which onmmiit1^" cates to Him unequalled pcrfectj^ but vast aa the world, in which He™jes and guides His subjects and members unto everlasting me. ; CHRIST'S INFALLIBILITY IN flls CHURCH. Now, His threefold functions of Prophet, Priest, and King, He bv means of His mystic bodv, the Church A t&r; WS dTuSs^Wch ^ J ? 0 ^ mercifulGod vouchsafed to » a®" ; virid • and that communicate to ™nk.nd and that whole body of truth, that sacr^ ae P° B1t, imparfccdtoHisChurchto teach to expound, and^defend ™tilHis flenses Aword^ly He go^e her His Infallibility .in the matter ^t faith and morals, ™ believe and do to Brfmtion-pas-. sive infallibility mi bhe a5^rc L^, 1 i ® the Church tought - ^tive infaUibility in the Church teaching, ^e body of Pastors and Bishops, in whichmust be includedthe^uef Pastor ofaH. Hence the whole Church, ^ theuniversal j Church, is .infaUlble in th. 8 belief and the profession of fa th so thgit cannot happen that *J f Jf* J^ne should ever beheve o^rofess a dortrme ggjT o fag. ^WtheJgJ to f^Tassembledfor dispersed through- \ b infallible in teach- Hence the Pope, or Roman Pon- » | joking ex cathedra, is infallible Jn teaching—not science, not politics— . t ^thin the sphere of infallibility, Mamei v in the doctrine of faith and moral^' Hence active infallibility, or infallitiiit T in teaching only, can be de- ™ & „ * ial providence or assistf q J b 4ich the Church in ' " ^nd defining is preserved from a^ri a gt the| efor£ gave Infal- KUiHty to His Church. But- still greater gift-He gave her Indefectibi- Hty. Not only will she the domain of faith and morals, but she will continue always to the end of the world,, aud as long as she exists s&e; can' total loss of revealed- truth, the extinction 0f tho supernatural in tiie minds and souls "f men. ,Conflidef for a moment the number and nature of the Christian dogmas; consider the catholicity of the Ch ?tt!h5 4 Consider the infirmity and malice of men t ^consider the universal solventj-of truth, man's proud, rest ed and^p^ert^ r^teUect, conii^rS prochviteee to sects and divisions; considet all thwi and you will readily admit the wrnoni and necessity of thi« S f f f l S g : ^ a88istanc e ° f THE DIVINE PRIEST. Christ is a Priest, and He j His priesthood te His Church X f f ing Himself a High Priest according to t^e order of Mefchisedech, He offfred the sacrifice of His- body' f nd E d under the. appearances of bread an win£ and immediately distributed th", to ilis Apostles, constituting them and their successors His ministers T oo , tanue to offer up the spine sacrifice the consummation of the world bv sal me, 'Do this in remembrance of Me " The Mms is therefore the continuation of the Sacrifice of the Cross; the tu" sacrifices being substantially identic though in accidental*, different. Ami by this perpetual Sacrifice of the Maw Chnst left to His Church the most perfect possible worship, by which the four indispensable duties incumbent on man towards God as our Sovereign, our Benefactor, our Judge, and our S u. preme Good, are most perfectly discharged, namely, adoration, thanksgivm %! propitiation, and prayer—a worship which rejoices the Blessed in Heaven and gives the greatest relief to the souls in Purgatory—5 worship wliioh exists m the threefold purpose of boine a sacrament, a food, and* a sacrifice Again Christ, as a Priest forgave sin He is the Lamb that taketh awav the sms of the world." That power of forgiving sin He also left to His Church in «ie person of His priests who, in the Sacrament of Order, receive from Him the power which, after His Resurrer- mating tae worn or i^nrisc. jiis an- y powerful operation caused in an instant i the ignorant to grow learned and elo- v quent, the timid brave as lions, the b ungrateful ready to sacrificc themselves i unto death. Nor did the immensity m of the world shake their daring; they planned with sublime serenity its umvereal conouest. The new Church taw created; the new Church was living and complete. THE SMALL GROUP IN THE ^ b • UPPER CHAMBER. You marvel, and you naturally ask whether that little band of Apostles and disciples in the upper chamber was eerily a work at afi nointe worthy .of Christ. Endowed ^ finite power, ought He not have ven to His incipient work vaster pi jportions. the better to impress the world with awe at His Divine authority P Undeceive yourselves. Chrat.foresaw that wicked men would one day contest Hi6 work. Had He made it of grander and more imposing aspect in the outset, they . would have attributed it, with a semblance of reason, to the power of a merely human prestige. But, W, reduced to such lowly proportions and elements so feeble, it amazed, it confounded, by its rapid progress, the sacrilegious denial of its Divine origin. What! The Church man's work! That cannot hold good for a moment before the lightning success of those twelve men, poor, unlettered, weak, and uppopular, who conquered -the world m tihk name of Christ,the;Redeemer, and whose sons it is our proudest boaat to W^^POS^ ^ivclaunB that nurcn: tne wonr or (jurist ana bum an H n her elements, she is constantly per- t aded by the Divine virtue of Christ x y Whom she is animated. For, bear m n mind that Christ is not like those H erely human Creators who firjst stamp c their work with their genius, and then p give it up to its fate. Christ, the m Creator of the Church, remains united a to His work with a union so close and t profound, that the Apostle has likened s to. the union of the head and mem- q Fiv m oj» r body. "Chnst is the head y Church; we are the members t « His body. (Eph. v. ?3-81.) AJ1 motionalldirection starts b J i l S ' ^ tiorl^WrS^^te' J start from Jesus Christ, d 0 <f He ^eate the holiness of her ana nuwilMt it - " " J® th ® W * « ^e^etectmie ^ ^urisi, sayB tpe Apostle, is wie head of the Churoh afld .«ie Saviour of 3118 bo d y. ®Ph- v - PROPHET, PRIEST AND KING. The Church is one wiili <^iri«t/ She is His Through her, therefore,' Ife la plmya visible, alwaya ao«ng in the wofld. His jrbloiW^tt^lOTi^^.-'i 1m space. •• Christ is & Prophet» Sing. A Prophi' tural events,^^and! truths to p®or tme Motq^^i tt^^flif 4 • 1 fte that> isfc «iato ® e wouid be with her all days even to he consummation of the world. (Matt vi -xviii. Hence her failing* would ake void His promisee The gates of ell would prevail, and Christ would ease to be with her; Moreover the resent state of the Church after her arvellous career of so many ages is n incontrovertible argument against he fact of her defection. "The Church " ays St. Augustine, "will not be conuered, nor eradicated, nor will die ield bo any temptation or trial until he end of the world." ^ arguments Droving her Indefectiffl& iuS«Slv SnTtoIrtffihher ffi aboS P the 01$ and in the New Ne, Testament. ~ we nave me grana oommisaon g,ven by Christ to t.hfi ^noflAB • "tinj. fW no ^L^™ therefore, 6 l^'^.iiUlmrihili- ^.P 1 6^^?!: Sff5f t h ^ d L ^ i T i h f m ^ M ' teaching th«m +y» o ^ ^ J ^ i T ^ behold I am witii voFW^^ mw, the oonflummat3(^ «odii. 19, 2Q\\-«t rifStiE' 'mi He .Bbgll ^diaU give yob anoth&r; Para^ * * \- • - • - e v e r l t S ^ M ^ l i ? ! ? 1 ^ The lhftJlili Stft; mm* CATHOLIC AND APOSTOLIC. Christ also wished His Church to he Catholic or universal. Catholic as to place: He said to His Apostles, "Go ye into the whole world and preach the Gospel to -every creature." ; Catholic as to time: "Behold l am with you all days_even to the ^jpfcsummation of the world." Catholic m to doctrine: "Going, therefore, teach ve all nations. . . teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded yon." Tnus are verified the angelic words spoken pi our Saviour at the time of His Incarnation: "He shall reign in the house of, Jacob for. Brer, and of His Kingdom .there-shall be -no end." Thus the parable of. the mustard seed is applied :'»The. Kingdom of God is like a gr∈ of mustard seed which a man took and east into Ms garden, and it grew and beisame ja.great tree, and the birds of the air lodged < in the branches thereof." Hence ihe marbyr St. Ignataus could aptly aay, "Where Christ is, there is the Catholic Church." Catholic is her- incommunicable name, attached to her from the first, in vain attempted, never stolen from her by her rivals. Finally, Christ m*de. the Church Apostohc, because die has her origin and he? doctrine from Him through His Apostles," and because she has the sucof her pastors -uninterrupted «om them to our day, She is apostolic in for,^ acoording to all ( she is the-Church of the, first ages which was imdqubte^ly apostolic. ApdStblic is her Tor it has not changed down ij^and her adveirsaries cannot it has. ' Development it has i«ra4|ial, e*tensive, majessubptWuse or identity. ApoffMMi^tofiUto^ be- asUl i^ho\aoknowl&<lge the Sacra- L iPoWBT wfOMers; for, if • gjnoe than tiou, He gave to His Apostles, saving- "Receive ye the Holy Ghost, Whose sine you shall forgive, they are forgiven them, and whose sins you shall retain they are retained." Finely, Christ, as a Priest, gave to His Church His Sanctity with the power to create increase, and propagate it in His members by the seven channels of His sacraments, by His perfect law or s.tandardjof life, hy His Divine example. Through Christ the Church is liolv in her Author, holv in her constitution, holy in her end, holy in her means, holy in her Head; and that holiness is niad'o manifest, as a note or mark of the true Church, in the worship and exemplary a n ° eminent heroic virtues of her children and her saints, and by the miracles and other Divine tokens of the ever-present "Spirit working in her and her members. Christ is a King, and the Church is His Kingdom, in which He reigns and rules through sjjace ana time by her Unity, Catholicity, and Apostoiicity. While she has unity of faith by all lier membera professing the same doctrine, and unity of worship by their communion or participation • in the same sacraments, rites, and sacrifice, she has ju^ty of government, because all Cathouos hold the Supremacy of the Roman Pontiff, the Vicar of Christ, as a dogma of faith, receive with reverence and obedience all his commands and laws, aud are subject to his authority as one supreme head and centure of unity. ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL From a photograph by the Sydney " Freeuian Journal."] SYDNEY. llrfits'present unfinished stats. tho Catholic Church. Lastly, she has the succession of jurisdiction, for she Ins never fallen away from the Church founded by the Apostles. There is no f-ict in history more certain titan the .succession of Pontiffs 'fromi St. Peter to I co Xin. She has, therefore, the e s ^ h f h S iTttS: t t r s £ 1 riiie of the Apostles; she has her Orders from the Apostles and her missi on Her doctrine ia Apostolic, as is evident from the Creeds of Faith, the S-icraments, and the Sacrifice of the Maes Her Orders are Apostolic, because they have come down in an unbroken succession of BiahcJpa and Pastors from St. Peter, to whom Our Lordcommitted the care of His faithful, to the present Sovereign Pontiff, and the Bishops of the Catholic Church throughoul tlie world. Her mission is from the Apostles, because she alone is roverneQ by the lawful, successors of the Auostlefc and has their doctrine. Now contrast the true Church, the bodv and bride of Christ, with the multitudinous pretenders around her HAS . n ANY axrv OTHER nTTTFW CHURCH OVHTMfMT ttFT! HER ^ T j ( Look at those -—-- hundreds ,™of nrlTi contradic- in flip tury i^'j denominations " . - wmcn . swam in „ uie „ British Empire and in some others parts of the globe. Have ^ey any of tie marks of the true Church, Unity banctitv. Catholicity, and Apostolicity t Surely not. They have no Unity. Ihe Greek schism is split mto a dozen mdependent sects without any authority to judge m matters of doctrine ana cliacipline. In Russia they tney are settled se^ieu by oy the will of the Czar, in the Musselman states by the Turkish Government. Protestantism, in all its branches, from its origin, teemB with conflicting sect® ever on the rapid increase. Its main principle, private judgment, the Bible interpreted by private opinion, is the source of variations, divisions, and utter anarchy. "The devil is amongst us,^ said Luther, " and soon we shall nave many religious as heads." And t anarchy is the fountain head and &&P;/ forcc of modern infidelity and agnpsti-f cism. . ' Look not for Sanctity m those se^ ate sects. I speak not of individual but of systems. The authors of the Greek schism, Photius in the ninth century, and Michael Cerularius in the eleventh, had no motive for their separation but blind ambition and lust, of power. The leaders and founders of Protestantism: Luther, Calvin, Zwrnglius etc.. were notorious for their vices. Among the Greek schismatics the clergy are badly trained for their sacred functions, and live in a state of pitiful abjection and contempt; they receive little or no consideration or respect from the people, and they neither spread nor fulfil the Gospel teaching. Among Protestants the most effectual means of sanctification have disappeared ; abstinence, fasting, mortification, confession, communion, etc., etc. .Both the Greek eohism and Protestantism have rather obstructed than promoted true civilisation. The first has brought despotism upon the East, the Becond covered Europe with blood and ruins in the sixteenth century, and has'ever since been the helper and instrument ot the worst foes of Christianity. It desecrated the home, it polluted the nuptial bed, it lowered the dignity of womanhood, it devastated the school, and stopped the progress of science. In tine, neither Protestants nor Greek schismatics have shown that the action of the Holy Ghost is with them. No examples of heroic virtues, no saints in their ranks at all comparable^ to the martyrs and missionaries of the Catholic Church; and they have never been able to obtain the sanction of a miracle tor their work and their doctrine. That they have 110 Catholicity is glaringly evident. The Greek Church is confined to a part of the East chiefly, Greece, Russia, and Turkey; and Protestants are circumscribed within deliu, • terminate limits, Lutherans m Germany, Calvinists in Geneva and France, Anglicans in English possessions. All are national and none Catholic. mi Neither have they. Apostolicity. Th6y are . . . . . "" heir and° S in S no^sense""an Apostolic origin, Their ministers have no lawful mission, and they cannot say that they have been sent by J«sus Christ to teach and baptise all nations wnw tj a t»T"axrT THF RRTDE OF HOW RADrANT^THE BKIUE ur But ohl how different is the true Bride of Christ, how beautiful, how pure, how- stately aud majestic m her S e T g a S ' oTun^rher 7nowy jewelled vesture of sanctity, her impemUmanUe of Catholicity and her long flowing robe of'Apostolicity 1 .How glonous her divinely-guided progress trough the eh^uBri ^ of as she advances through the wide world, » i ^ t ^ i i S S ^ bean,, bread 'of "ttuth and grace, ~benefite nu: \-- ~ \- - ' — 1 Behold noble 'ta-ain^eiF •ghe presents most tended I v M V T 1 without number, who are you? We ... are the Nations; from east to west, from pole to pole, we are united through her in the same faith and consequently in the same profession, and so we hail her a8 the Holy Catholic Church, the glorieus work of the Incarnate God. scholar, AND heroes. Mighty shades, who are you ? We are Ages, the nineteen centuries which have rolled since Christ walked this earth, From one to another, with voices which none can silence, we pass our unbroken testimony, and we say we believe in the one Holy Catholic Apostolic Church, the unique work of ChriBt. Illustrious men of every clime under the sun, who arc you? We are Study, Science, Genius. We have watched and prayed we have paled on books, consulted monuments, exerted the fullest powers of our reason, and we have been compelled by evidence to acknowledge the triurnphant claims of the Holy Catholic Church, the everlasting creation of tho God-man. And ye whose brow the brightest halo encircle*, who are you? He are the ar m y of the saints; to her we owe QUr virtues which p fir/ UIIle thc stream of time, we hail the Holy Catho Un J Church uluitu qu; UUI mother inumer and ^ auu our queen. Aud iiuu y*c e iiuuiciiac crowd uutvu of ui mangi maiiKieu ed and aiiu bleedin {ra who ^ W e are th(j mart xtlR world BUnk in 8enge and sln was deaf to our , vords and bIind to our virtues, so we spoke with our bloodj and QUr blood confronts the wor]d wit!l tho Bub]ilne profession, we believe in ^ Holy Catholic Church! tbe motber 0f heroes an[J the queen of mar+ martyrg VT. B ST. MAEY'S CATHEDBAL, SYDNEY, when finished. On such a day as this, in the presence of such a pageant, we gladly join that exultant throng of worshippers, and with the Nations, the Ages, with Genius, Sanctity, and Heroism we proclaim. with ah our voim andjxeart^our " ^ e-.n. * "" through her to love and serve Him who made her, and m her Iives_ and reigns as in His own Bride and body, mamfesting His Kingdom, which shall have no end, His incomparable creation, the most splendid and uresiatible demonstrat;Qn £ Hifl Dlvmlty. THE RECORD OF THE CLOSING CENTUBY. Privileged ohildren of this Catholic ChSc^d etanding on the thread of the twentieth century^we may appropriately take a retrospect oftheoutgoing nineteenth century. AUJhm^ers unanimou^y regard the nineteBnth ^ - j z ^ u * , ^ ^ - ^ d predecessore, ^ S l o r t S ^ M t h i s ^ . a s ^ k ^ ^ c o n - « - supplant or indefinitely muUaply i JiMpvety w.a hymn JlKWinBi . . ^ «&a;«£f 1 L century man fare ? Here ^ ^ „ a ngloomy r pic- 1\. ture rises ' to , view. The groans we hear from aged Europe, the limitless armaments, tho expensive and exhaustive wars, the sway of brute force over right, the gigantic struggle brewing between tho upper and the" lower classes of society—all these are clear proofs that, after many promises and many delusions, we are very faT from the Golden Age, the social reign ol peace and happiness. III a moral and religious point of view the nineteenth century opened most diaastrously. The frenzied, corrupt, and error-ridden spirit of the eighteenth rentury philosophism swept away moralitv and religion, which are the Bafeguards of civil society, and ushered in the nineteenth century with a fearful disaster. The French Revolution, violent, bloody, terrible, overturned the entire social structure, and brought the Catholic. Church in Franco to such a shite of ruin and desolation that her enemies, drunk with the joy of triumph, flattcred themselves that her end was come. But God's action came prompt and decisive. Urged by a mysterious hand, the victorious soldier, Bonaparte, hurricd on nu.,, from i^ji^, Egypt, overthrew tho sanguinary republic, seized the reins of government, and, seeing by an insight of genius that without religion society relapses into savagery, reopened the churches, recalled the clergy, and reestablished the Church on terms admissible by the Sovereign Pontiff. Thui opened the nineteenth century. From the laws of a revolution, the most fearful in history, Christ . drew His Church thd unscathed, robust, and purified by fire of persecution. CATHOLIC STRUGGLES AND VIC- TORIES, Many tlave been her struggles during fche century all over the globe; but the ' ' children world, We may inthe "flesh, "and the~devil. „ -- KtanM the Emancipation of the Cathoj icB throughout the British Empire, brougbt about by the genius and elo- ^uence 0f the immortal Liberator, f) aniel O'ConneU; the glorious reign of PiuB IX. ; the re-establishment of the Hierarchy in England; the Oxford Movement and its harvest of illustrious converts; the Mannings, the Newmans, " d te^gr-t maculate theBhS spread ofdevotion Awards the Biased Virgm Mother of_Bod, which^Uave ™ n^Ad r J° n f Sl° an^its^ n'Snafon ^PanS°Inf "n,",!;^. X frinm^h nf TVthnlio g p T f b ^ t T ^ t e ^ U o jtjia ^ ^ a t ^ = d e n U a l acaon oj nu xuuuuwn« usvj uud.kiwu: ihe ^orvioe and clory r 'of God by «nlMi- treat in accordance with the soundest principles :_„:_! of philosophy nnrl and f.tipnlnirr theologythe intricate questions bearing on the Church and hum3n society; to paternally recall the scattered flocks of WeSt and East to the old sheepfold; to unite without confusion reason and faith, science and revelation, the interests of time and those of eternity. He stands out like a lighthouse over our stormbeaten age, tho ambassador of a higher power, the representative of a greater moral force., tho chief teacher pointing out to a world enshrouded in darkness thc luminous path of true progress and civilisation. Will the world listen to great Leo's voice? Will it accept his unerrihg guidance and paternal counsel? Or will it spurn the guide and rush headlong into the abyss? Time will toll. HOW THE CHURCH FACES THE NEW CENTURY. Meanwhile, what are the Church's hopes and fears for the century before us Y Besides the widespread pervergion o{ mi Dd s caUBed by the numerous theories of Rationalism, besides the Bys- tematic war waged in several countries againgt the Church, God's representative on earth, she has to with lve on eartn, sne nas to contend Willi he materialistic tendency of the day. great discoveries of modern time the absorbing interests of industries and commerce, the craving for wealth and the pleas^ wo 11 ^"'iifai^the feverish rivalry hayc^Sjavertcd man frrnn,nK)ii; im/tiKpi .xfc and the u/tfrtoj destinies • beyond*" the grave. d indifferoc wrought d, fascinatiiciting to idea of virtue, rality. Then calculate the opposition raised against the Church from hereBy and schism and all the means at-their disposal. Under the aegis of powerful nations and furnished with copious supplies, t-Kese uwo forces will, inch by inch, and on every spot of the globe, dispute with her thc conquest of souls. Lastly, she will have to contend with inveterate prejudice and violent passions, and ^-perhaps, ere the twentieth century is over, Bne will have to undergo a struggle cruel, dc cisive, supreme, not with her enemies severally, but with all of them baudr 1 together under the standard of unbelief and atheism; for, as the shades of belief are gradually eliminated, men will witness the logical and inevitable formation of two distinct camps Catholicism and Atheism. Great as are these perils, the Church has adeguate power from her Divine Founder to meet and overcome them. In view of her splendid unity and her revived vigour, we are not dismayed at her imminent dangers. No douBt the times are extraordinary and momentous. Profound social and political changes are at out doors. But the Church, with her unchanging dogmas—which are her chief strength—knows how to accommodate her forces to all circumstances of time and place, because Her Founder made her for every time and place. She spoke Greek in Athens, and Latin in Rome. She taught Goth and Vandal, Celt and Saxon—she civilised Europe. She is the salt of thc earth and the light of the world, and ijhe alone can and will preserve the world from falling into a second barbarism worse than the first. THE BRIGHT PROSPECTS IN THIS COUNTRY. Iu this country, at all events, her irospects are bright while her progress flas been wonderful. What a contrast between the present state and her lowly, almost helpless condition at the beginning of the century 1 All honour to the founders of this flourishing Australian Church. All honour to the noble Archbishop who, towards the middle of the century, ruled the comparatively small flock. All honour to the devoted priests of those days, whose names are still BO familiar and BO revered, the untiring missioners, the men of artjjious toil and travel. They planted the mustard seed; we behold the mighty, in;viestic, fruitful tree. They loved this bright Austral land, they had great hopes in her „ure, and among a thousand other /oofs this day's pageant shows that their hopes have not been — r - vain. She rose before their mind's eye a fair queen crowned alike with the gifts of nature and the higher gifts of grace. You are realising their fond YOU HAVE REARED THIS SPLEN- DID EDIFICE FOR GOD. I venture, in conclusion, to congratulate you, my Lord Cardinal, on the ""tK f^ which you and your, predecessor have w o r k e d^ hard / nd ^ ^ 1 ra. tulate ex0ellent and devoted clergy macular and regular-who have so nobly oo-onerated^th their illustrious leader. But how shall I congratulate py Catholics archdiocese ? have done \- d ^ according your; joy^djride at its success, and greater still will be reward. -The rich with their hard-earned her mite, you : :—-.r y «= v r,, j . 411 honour, tpOj' to. thow I,hat Gud will bless thorn a hundredfold for contributing to. build this house ot prayer, this temple where Jesus Christ will' be adored and praised, His doctrine taught, liis sacraments administered, and the principles of His civilisation preserved and inculcated. In their inmost hearts they respect the Catholic Church, 'md if her credentials are fairly set before them, they will learn to embrace ;,nd love her who was the life and glory of England for over a thousand years. 1 hail thee, oh young and flourishing Church of Australia—so fitly represented bv this stately pile, grand, fresh, ant} new from the builder's hand. 1 hail II,oe as the earnest and warrant ot countless blessing for the future children of men. And 1 hope That, m Cod's niercv thou wilt long enjoy tlie leadership of the great Cardinal who now guides thy destiny, and that thy mi.n lT will be from victory to victory until thv final triumph, is consummated in t.lie land of the living in the bright realms of eternal bliss. \l tIio c.niielusion of the serinon a col- 1,,'lioii was made, which resulted in liS(K) being contributed. The Cardinal mi id that the congregation had made a iM-iicroiis offertory. 