OCCASIONAL NOTES. Bv Free Lance. Now that the world is covering Field- Marshall Lord Roberts afresh with glory, it may interest many to know, how he won his Y.O. Roberts won his Cross, I am reminaea, on tne nanus ot tlie Hall JNadi during the mutiny. The Sepoys were broken, the British in hot pursuit. But the mutineers were many and the British few, and a desperate rally took place. " We overtook," says Roberts, " a batch of mutineers who faced about and fired direct into the squadron at close quarters. I saw Younghusband fall, but I could not go to his assistance, as at that moment one 01 111s sowars was in aire peril from a sepoy who was attacking him with fixed bayonet, and' had I nut helped the man and disposed of his . opponent, he -mast have beeu killed. The next moment I descried , in tho distance two sepoys making off with a standard, which I deter mined must be captured, so I rode after the rebelq and overtook them, and while wrenching the stuff out of the hands of one of them, whom I cut down, the other put his musket close to my body and fired ; fortunately for me it missed fire, and, I carried off the standard. Fop these two acts I was awarded the Yic- torian Cross." That is the story as modestly told by the veteran himself .in his popular autobiography — " Forty-one years in India." Of the infancy of Lord Roberts' only son, who fell so gallantly on the Tugela a month or two ago, a curious story is told by Dr. VV. H. Fitchett in the " Review of Reviews." " The native wet nurse of the child was dissatisfied with her task, and by way of escape from it made re peated attempts to murder the infant. She put a red-hot coal into its cradle in the hope that it might be burned to death. The English nurse, fortunately, discovered the smouldering coal m time, and saved the baby. A few days later the native nurse renewed her attempt at infanticide by thrusting sharp pieces of cane down the baby's throat. Some of them he swallowed, but one piece two inches long stuck in his throat, and his mother, hear ing him cry, rushed into the room, to find him choking; and bleeding at the mouth. The cane - was extricated, and the ;J little fellow lived, although his digestion suf fered for months from the diet of cane." . „ . . One of the most remykable upshots of the present war is the wonderful manner in which it has served to' prove the correctness of M. Bloch's theories in his book, " The War of the Future," which was published, long before the outbreak of hostilities. As the result of an almost life-long study of military science, in re lation to its modern tendencies, M. Bloch. who IS- T noaA nnl ooct n I!1....!. ' . a llouvu- man, made certain predictions as the legitimate deductions from careful study of modern conditions of warfare. " Among these predictions, regarding " War in the Future," M. Bloch has the following : — 1\. That battles would- seldom be decisive, the victors not being in a position to pursue, and the retreating force falling back on new positions a few miles- to the rear and entrenching themselves for fresh resistance. -That infantry would be pro strated after battle and not in a condition to carry successes home; 2. that frontal at tacks, would be impossible without great superiority of numbers ; (3) chat entreoch- man4n . ' _ 3' J_ _ _1 i_ _ A auvuwo pLupqrtjr auauceci to moaern lire would be invisible ; (4) that troops on the .dofeiisive would be more likely to surprise than to be surprised ; (5) that the war of the future would be a war of sieges and: entrenched positions ; (6) that satistactory reconnaissances would be much more diffi cult than. formerly.; (7) that troops could only ad vance along railway lines ; (8) that turning movements with immense numeri cal, superiority .would be the only: means of gaining decisive victories ; (9) that artillery would be lost owin r to loas of men and horses from the fire of concealed sharpshooters ; (10) that aaiuulanoe work would be carried on: under almost . impos sible conditions owing to long-range fire, which would lead to accusations, of vipl-ir tion of the-Red Oroas; How wonderfully theee theories bave been verified must be obvious to ' every - reader of - his. news- ; paper. # \- l mentioned-aaveral weeks ago, in con nection. - with . the death, -of. Mr.® John Ruskin, a genuine ghost experience, which, on the authority of Browning, the poet, had happened to the great art critic when a young man on tne common. « the " Nineteenth Century" for January there is anether equally interesting . and. equally well-authenticate. It is an. ac count of an experience by Nathaniel Hawthorne; "the world-famous author of " The Scarlet Letter," and " 'I he Ghost of Dr. Harris;" and is re-printed from an origimal manuscript version of. the affair by the deceased author at .the request of I Mrs. J, P. Heywood, of Liverpool, who was one of Hawthorne's intimate friends when he was American Consul in that city.- The lucident occurred in the city of Boston about the year 1840, wheie Hawthorne then resided. He says that in those days a large number of retired merchants and others used to frequent the reading room of the Athenaeum. " These good people were mostly old; leisurely and Somnolent, and used to noid and dote for -hours together, with the papers before them— ever and anon re covering themselves so far. -as to read a word or two of the politics of the day." ...« ' - " Among these worthies whom 1 saw there was the Reverend Doctor Harris, a Unitarian clergyman, of considerable re pute and eminence, of abont 80 years of age. He was a small, withered,, infirm; but brisk, old gentleman, with snow- white hair, a somewhat stooping figure, but yet a remarkable alacrity of move ment. . . .- His SDe'cial haunt was the Athenaeum. There I used to see him daily, and almost alwiys- with a news paper— the " Boston Post." There his reverend figure was accustomed to sit day after-day, in the self-same chair by the fireside ; and, by degrees, seeing him there "so constantly, 1 began to look towards him as I entered the reading- room, and felt that a kind of acquaint ance, at least on my part, was established. Not that I had any -.reason to suppose that he noticed me. One day especially I am perfectly certain I had seen this old Dr. Harris, and taken my customary note of him. . . . But, that very evening, a friend said to me, ' Did you hear that old Dr. Harris is dead?" ' No,' said I very quietly, 'and it cau- not be true, for I saw him at the Athc- niBum to-day.' ' You must be mis taken,' rejoined my friend. ' He is cer tainly dead ! ' and confirmed the fact with such special circumstances that I could no longer doubt it.' dkt " The next day, as I ascended the steps of the Athenaeum, I remember thinking within myself, ' Well, 1 never shall see old Doctor Harris again!' With this thought in my mind, as I opened the door of the reading room, I glanced to wards the spot and chair where Dr. Har ris usually sat, and there, to my astonish ment, sat the grey, infirm figure of the deceased doctor, reading the newspaper as was his wont ! His own death must have been recorded, that very morning, in that very newspaper ! ' I have no recol- lection ot oetng greatly aiscomposed at the moment, nor indeed that I felt any extraordinary emotion whatever I looked through the newspapers as usual, and turned over the periodicals Once or twice, no doubt, I may have lifted my eyes from the page to look again at the venerable doctor. .... The apparition took no notice of me, nor behaved otherwise in any respect than on any previous day. Nobody but myself seemed to notice him ; and yet the old gentlemen rouod about the fire, be side -his chair, were his life-long ac quaintances, who were perhaps thinking of his death, and who in a day or two would deem it a proper courtesy to attend his funeral. "From that time, for a long while thereafter —for weeks at least, and I know not but for months— I used to see the figure of Doctor Harris quite as frequently as before his death. It grew to be so common that at length I regarded the venerable defunct no more than any other of the old fogies who basked before the fire and dozed over the newspapers. It was but a ghost— nothing but thin air — not tangible nor appreciable, nor de manding any attention from a man of flesh and. blood! I cannot recall any cold shudderings, . any awe, any repug- . nance, any motion whatever, such as would be suitable and decorous on behold ing a visitant from the spiritual world. It is very strange, but such is the truth. Tt appears excessively odd to me now that I did not adopt such means as I readily might to ascertain whether the appearance had solid substance, or was merely gaseous and vapoury. might have brushel against him, have jostled his chair, or have trodden accidentally upon his toes. . . . . I might have tested him in a hundred ways, but I did nothing of the kind. . . . After a certain period— I really know not 'how long— I began to notice, or to fancy, a peculiar regard in the old gentleman's aspect . towards my self. I sometimes found him gazing at me, and unless I deceived myself, there was a sort of expectancy in his face. " To the best of my recollection, I never observed the old gentleman either enter the reading room or depart from it,, or move from his chair, or lay down the paper, or exchange a look with any person in the company, unless it were with my self. He was not by any means invariably in his place. In the evening, for instance, though often at the'reading room myself, I never saw him. It was at the brightest noontide that I used to behold him. " After a long while of this strange in tercourse. if such it can he nailed T remember— once, at least, and I know not but oftener— a sad, wistful, disap pointed gaze which the ghost had upon me from beneath his spectacles ; a melan choly look of helplessness which, if my heart had not been as hard as a paving stone, I could hardly have withstood? But I did . withstand it ; and I think I saw him no more after this last appealing look, which still dwells in my memory as perfectly as while my own eyes were encountering the dim and bleared eyes of the Ghost. . . I have only to add," concludes the great author, " that it was not until long after I had ceased to en counter the ghost that I became aware how very odd and strange the whole" affair had been;- and even now I am made sensible of its strangeness chiefly by the wonder and incredulity of those to whom I tell the story." The manuscript is dated Liverpool, August 17th, 1856. The Midland Counties Hotel Beechworth has always enjoyed a high reputation for the excellence of its houses for public accommodation, and anion" these the old established Midland Counties Hotel is prominent. Mr. F. O. Warden, the proprietor, has spared neither thought nor expense to improve the premises and bring threm up to the.best modern require ments. The house has been thoroughly renovated- and the. accommodation in creased by the recent erection of a fine two-storied building, containing 10 rooms, including sitting; sleeping and bath rooms,, luxuriously furnished and reDleto with every, convenience. The -hotel is situated on the most elevated part ? tgeechworth, enjoying the most de lightful; atmosphere in summer, and the balcony: at the rear of the building commands an extensive view, as far as ..the.. distant Buffalo- Mountains A well-appointed and cosy billiard-room l8 own opened for the convenience PfJMprons,- and everything has been pro vided that , visitors. could desire for their accommodation, and : comfort, and - as such the Midland Counties Hotel can be recommended- as- a desirable resort -for townspeople or tourists. 