k SOLDIER'S 6H0ST STORY. U; This Is a True Story told hy Oh Old Pensioner to a farmer Ohaplsle of Oholsoa Hospital. In the year 1799 there was a large garri son at -Dover as there was at that time 0 . constant expectation of _ an _ attack from - . France. There were six battalions at Dover, four of whioh were quartered in the Castle. On January 14th there happened an event : which made a great impression on the garri- , oVIIly allll nllluil naa iicvci OA|;iaiiivu» , the men whose duty was sentry- go on that . -night was Giles' Markham, , a : native of Tewkesbusy, who was what is 'called . " a character."- A bold, boisterous, rollicking fellow, he always loudly expressed a dis belief in things which were not vouched for by his own senses. On the night of January 14th, 1799,. Giles Markham went on to take his turn of sentry- duty.at eleven o'clock, -and he was to. bb at his post until one in the morning." ' The air was cold and bracing. Within the guardhouse a large fire blazed merrily, and the. men were itierry too. Markham, who was always the leading spirit among his comrades, was full of fun, and had entertained his comrades with many a story and jest. At length his turn for diitv came, and he reluctantly turned out. ; Dul- ness fell, upon the guardhouse when he. left, . and most of the men dropped into a doze. j " The fire was beginning to bum' low; when | suddenly the voice of the sentry at the guardhouse-door was heard callirig out, and some one rushed into the room. Every one was awake in a minute, and the intruder was seen to be Giles Markham. Hir cheeks were white, his limbs trembled, his firelock, which he had brought with him, fell with a : : crash to the ground. The whole ..of the , guard were by this time alarmed, and all crowded round the man and asked id one .voice'- : ' What's the matter, Markham! ; What . has haqpened ; ' I have seen my mother,' .gasped the un; happy man. - '. : ' Seen, the i devil !' said the sergeant? ' And suppose you have, why did you quit, your post!' i - : ; ' Was I to, go into the sentry-box .while' ' my mother was here ?' demanded Markham, shaking from head to foot as if in ari" ague' : - fit. \I tell you, I couldn't do it— noi riot if ; it were to save my life.' ' kV "u . : 'It won't do, Markham,' said the sergeant: : Recollect that there are such things as - the ' ' . Articles of War. . It won't do. to crack your. ' jokes at the expense of them.' ; : , - . . But Markham's mariner- so impressed the .men that some of them alriiost unconsciously noted the time by the guardroom olock. It was five-and- twenty- minutes to "one, and a memorandum was mode of the time.: . T am onrrr fnv rriii MnrtTiam ' aairt fVa sergeant, ' hut this must be reported to the officer, rind you must take the consequences.' 'I don't carewhat the consequences may be, or to whom you report me,' he replied. . When the officer arrived he, of bourse, de manded an explanation.' Markham; who had by this time recovered his self-composure, then gave the following account of nis ad- : venture: — , . , ' Yoirknow where my post was,' lie said, 'on the platform of Number Five battery, : which overlooks the sea. The sentry whom I relieved reported ' All well.' Over the surface of the Channel, as far as my eves could reach, hot a thing was moving. The ; noises from : the town grew! ever v moment- less anil less, and at last they diecLaway, so . that when, the clocks struck twelve there . was not a sound except the roar of the sea. . I have often done duty on that post -before," : . but never have I - felt the silence ris I did' . to-night. . . I - was thoroughly depressed by the stillness and loneliness around me. And . then I fell a- thinking. I thought of my past life, arid I knew that it had not been all it ought to have been. I thought of my mother, and. I remembered how she used to weep over my father's loose life— arid it.was a. very loose life-J-and how she used to pray - that I might turn out a better man' than he -was. Poor mother ! , I stood beside; the gun,-. . and wept like a baby as I thought of her, and of what she would think of me now." After a time the feeling wore off,' arid ,:I- -laughed at myself for giving way to silly -sentiment- ; alism. I faced about and walked' to the end. _ of my beat, and then, feeling tired, made V for tne sentry-box. Sir, you may riot believe ' me, : but as there is a heaven above us, there at the box stood my mother. She was pale, and looked at me with an expression of sorrow that cut me to the heart. I was glued to the -spot. I could not move. I heard her voice. - She said, ' This day twelve months we shall meet again.' The words smote me, and I, who was never frightened before, quaked . with fear— fear of what I know not. I tried , to speak, but couldn't. At length I found feeling return to my legs, ana ,1 bolted. Believe me as you like, every word I have said, sir, is true.' ' ! . 'You have told a strange story, Mark-, ham,' said the. officer, ' to account., for your commission of a serious military offence. But I will do this much for you. A prisoner you must be, and a report must be sent in to morrow to the colonel; but he shall be. told' . your tale, and as you have been a good ... soldier I will beg his leniency for you. Xou are a native of Tewketbury, you 'say.' Does your mother live there ?' ' I have every reason to suppose so,' answered Markham. ' It is years since I have seen her or written to her.'" 'Very well,' said the officer; 'your mother shall be written to ; and your fate will depend on the answer.' Markham was kept a prisoner that night; and was reported next morning. Two letters were despatched by the colonel, one to Markham's mother, and another to the clergyman of the parish in which she was . supposed to reside. In due course there came back answers to both letters. One was in the handwriting of Markham's father, " and the other from the parson? The latter - stated that he had received an intimation the very morning when the colonel's letter reached him that the woman concerning whom the inquiries had been riiade was to be buried next day. Markham, senior, in his letter stated that his wife had died at half-past twelve on the night of January 14th. The news made so much -impression . on the colonel that Markham was released. f Time rolled on until a year had gone, and ; - Markham's regiment was at Ashford. When January 14th came round again Markham seemed as healthy as ever. He had gone through a hard fatigue duty in the day, and when bedtime came he gladly tumbled in, saying a cheery " Good-night" to his com rades. That was at ten o'clock. Some two . hours and a half atterwards one of the men : of Markham's company, who had had leave , to be, late, came in, and was a bit noisy. r Some of the men woke up, and Markham's voice was heard saying, 'I rim coming, ' mother.' It was 12.30 on the 14th .January: - Markham. was found dead in his bed the next morning, with a peaceful, happy look V in his face. 