THE FIERY AtIBI. ' It's all nonsense for the police to say that the Sh'erlock Holmes methods ot assisting the ends of justice.by means of deduction and inference are impracticable.' The remark, coming fromn the lips of a man whose opinions were generally worth having when on the subject of crime and criminals, led to my asking the speaker whether he had any reason for making the observation that ap geared to have been called forth by my reference to the old tobacco pipe that lay on the manttlshelf of his room. ' Yes; I had a story in my mind, and I don't object to letting you have it for your paper if you will promise to keep my name out of it. It concerns ?-that means of : n:o.tine poisoning to which your attention has been drawn. That pipe hanged a man ! 'It was like this : A large party of merry making souls had assembled at the country house of an old gentleman, whom I will refer to as Mr Lydhart. I lhad tile honour of being one of the party. Besides my self, there were about a dozen men and girls, and altogether we were having a really good time- dances, dinners, theatricals, skating expeditions, and so on. On the da) bhelre the party was timed to break tup it had been at ranged that we should all drive over to seme ruins of the usual uninteresting des cription, after which we were to return to a 'festive dinner, which' was to include none but the 'house party proper. 'Mr Lydhart was an elderly man, and so no one was in the least sur prised when he signilied his intention of remaining at home when the rest of us started out for the drive in two big waggonettes. Mrs Lydhart, who was considerably younger than her husband, accompanied the expedition, and the house was left tn charge of merely a couple of the servants besi.les the host,the o:her domesticsaccompany ing the 'driving party in order to pre pare for the sumptuous luncheon. * It was beginning to get dark (the nights were drasing in very early for the season w ls the depth of winter) before the carriages landed us at home again. A single member of the party who had accompanied us out did not return with either wagonette This was young Percy Bright, a flighty young fellow whose attentions to Maitd Lydhart had been one of the most fruitful topics of general conversation at the rains. The pair had, by common consent, been left to their own devices during the day, and speculation was rife as to the cause of the baming face with which Moaud appeared at the impromptu luncheon and to the reason why young Bright did not put in an appearance at the meal, which was :partaken of in the turret of one of the ruined castles we were' doing,' as fashion dictated. SW\Vhen Maud's attention was other wise engrossed, many were the con jectures hazarded by one or ether of us as to the infecrence to be drawn from the two apparently corflicting inci dents. ' Now then,' someone said to me, 'you pretend to place great confidence in your ability .to infer certain con clusrins from given facts. Tell us how you explain the attitude of our friend Miss Maud.' ' Well,' I said, cheerfully acknow lodging the mild impeachment, ' the smiling countenance of Miss Lydhart suggests the popping of a certain t question on the part of Master Percy, a question which has been answered to I the apparent satisfaction at both parties concerned.' ' That's all- very well,'- observed someone else, ' but you haven't re vealed to us how Sherlock Holmes would have explained the mysterious I disappearance of young Bright.' ' As the unworthy representative o' t the deceased detective, I fell con- t strained to construe " Bright's non appearance in this way. The un- F pleasant sequel to the' ans vering of the kind of question under notice is usually I a visit to a certain relative of the person c questioned, who proceeds (in books t and penny joke'papers) to make a use of his pedal coverings for which their maker did hot intend them, and (in real life) to offer the questioning party a cigar and something to drink, with a c devout expression of his gratitude and c adm:ration of the visitor for his courage and temerity.' ' Tle ladies looked mystified until I added : " In other words, the gentleman r asks psra.' * Good idea,' said some fellow approvingly ;' young Bright is not such I a fool as he looks. He has gone home I to ask papa in order that we may not all be witnesses of the high-kicking scene that it becomes old Lydhart to take part in.' ' ' What are you all talking about so secretly over there ? asked Maud, as the struggled with a sardine tin and an r opener that threatened dire conse quences for her pretty hands. ' Boots !' answered someone gravely, and then she wanted to know why t everyone but herself laughed uproari ously. it s But there was no laughing when we C reached home in the dusk of the ti evening. ' A servant appeared at the door tl wi'h a face as white as paper and as long as yourarm. ' Oh, dear l' she cried ; thanks heaven you've come 1 Mr Lydhart is a dead ' ' TLhere was a low moan from the carriage, and ie saw that Mrs Lydhart, n who had evidently heard what was said biy the servant, had fainted. b 'I caught a glimpse of Maud's face as she bent over her mother's prostrate h form. It was as pale as death. ' The sight of a policeman in the hall p suggested to my mind Iut one explana. lion of the suddenness of the old ti gentlenian's decease. ' Very shortly I learned that my presumption had been g correct. Without the shadow of a doubt. Mir Lydhart had been murdered. ' Our merry party was instantly c broken up. The majority of the guests returned home without an hour's is delay, and I found myself one of the I two that remained t dinner thrat night. L WYhat a dmncr it was. too I ' Mr Lydhart lay dead and cold in h. his study. Mrs Lydhart was so over- a come with :he shock that she had been a" -ompelled to receive medical attention a, ?nd go to bed. Mlaud had retired also So her room. The police moved about A t house with toisy footsteps and the a sirvants as quietly as ghosts. p * Percy Bright and I alone sat down to dinner which neither of us touched. I SI was very glum. Murder throws a fearful depressiosi;ovcithe ~hfise cin which it is committed. " But Bright was a thousand times to more glonomy. A vague wonder dis. s turbed i?y heart. When had 'Percy y Bright returned from the ruins ? re With little or no circumlocution I put the question to him straight of forwardly : y ' Did you see Mr Lldhart alive at alter your return from the picnic ?' g How did you know I returned n here ?' he asked, in tones that appeased to demonstrate a good deal of excite ment. S I knew enough of the modes of . detec:ives to realise that one must l, leign knowledge at times and do so in 'e such a way as to command the respect o of the person addressed. Is ' You proposed to Miss l.ydhart o this morning ; she accepted your 7, proposal. You knew ' that it was arranged that you should leave the house wiis the others to morrow Is morning early. You feared that an if opportunity of asking her father's con o sent to your engagement . might not at arise to night, and so you left the ruins y and returned here.' d Percy Bright looked -at me with a eyes wide with astonishment. S, You overheard our conversation o -mine and Maud's I' he groaned. is ' Certainly not,' I responded ; but d I interred as much from what tran e spired.' s '' Then your inference is quite n right,' said he. ' Will- you-help S-me ?' y ' Of course I-but how ?' '' By proving that I did not murder M, Ir Lydhart' r ' Good gracious I who even sugges n ted that you did ?' it ' No one as yet has said as mu:h, n but the poliie-' o ' Well ? 'l' Think it very remarkable that I should have been heard almost quarrel if rng with l~ydhart just before the time s when he is supposed to have died.' ' Tell me everything,' I s.id, ' and let me see what I think.' Sr Well, you know how much the Spolice have discovered. They find that r by some means or other Mr Lydhart ) as stunned and killed by a fierce blow on the forehead 'administered with , some sharp instrument. But perhaps you have not heard about the pipe ?' '' The pipe ?-no.' The fact was that everyone had been refused admis sion to the room in which the dead f man lay, while I had been so engrossed in helping the other v'sitors to effect their departure that I had not been able to inquire into the full facts of the e case. I '.It's like this,' replied Bright. ' I I found \lr Lydhart in his study when I returned from the ruins. He was smnok ang, I told 'him why I had returned, and-well, you know the excitable man i he was I-he declared that I was ont gr od enough for Maud. and probhatly he was right. But, of course. I was inclined to resent hts refusal, and I told him. very foolishly, no doubt, that he was a harsh father, and so on. He told me to leave the house until I had better control over my temper. I went out into the garden ; then, after about an hour had passed, I went back with the idea ol apologising to him and begging him to reconsider his decision. When I entered the room I found him lying on the mat in front of the fire. His pipe lay at his side. I bent over him, horrified.' Just then the butler entered the room. He saw me bending over the dead manr.' He ofcourse suspected that I had killed his master. He bent down.- By chance his hand touched the pipe that lay on the carpet. He recoiled in horror. The thing was hot. The poor dead man must have been alive a few moments before, for you know how noon a pipe gets cold if left untouched for long. It was not near enough to the fire for the heat of the flames to have kept it hot. In fact, the ashes in the bowl were yet hot. ' Of course I saw that this was proof positive to the old man that I, and I alone, could have killed- Mr Lydhart. But, my friend, I will take my dying oath that I never raised a hand against the father of the girl I love I It's all a mystery to me how it happened. I was in the room an hour; or perhaps a little less, before. Then Mr Lydhart was alive and well. Now he lay before me deadgand the pipe proved that he had died within the last-few minutes I ' I-Well he told me not io leave the room. - He. stayed also, sending anot. her of the serva, ts for the police inspector. The latterarrived, questioned me, looked suspiciously at me, heard from the butler that I had been speal' ing un'risely to the poor dead man, and finally told me that it would be as well for me to remain about the house until a detective from London, whom, he had sent for, should arrive. '' This man is expected every minute. That is why I sit here, wondering whether it would not be better for me to go out and throw myself into the moat.' ' Hush I' I said. ' You must not talk in that rash way !' One thing is veryevident. We must get this detective to suspect someone else than you. We must think of some other possible way in which the dead man met his death. Of course suicide is out of the ques. I tion ' . S'' I im afraid so. But why do you think so ? '' Because,' I answered promptly, 'it's not human nature for a man to I smoke before committing suicide or any I other crime.' ' *So I've heard,' agreed Bright. 'But how clse can we explain this mystery ?' " My dear fellow, Rome was not I built in a day. We must think.' '' But every moment is valuable. Oh, I heaven, just think of it I'm suspected of killing the man whose daunhter has promised to marry me i' S' Come, let us have a look round in the study l' 'Bright as'ented willingly. I was glad to see that he offered no opposs: i tson to my proposal. 'They always say that a murderer cannot be induced to look on the victim i or scene of his crime. Not that I imagined for one moment that Percy a B ight was guilty of the murder of Mr I Lydhart. * In the first place, I doubted whet her he had the courage to commit such a crime. But I saw that if things were I as he described them his outlook was i anything but a pleasant one. ' Together we went into the study. a A policeman accompanied us keeping a sharp eye, I noticed, on my com lanion. . ; ' The body was covered with a sheet. I took a cursory glance at it. I have t seen a good many faces distorted by I rl in fear and from 5ther cardses, but T don't think I everl;ooked on a countenance) es soltried by deaththotigh this oie was, is that bore such evidence of the last look cy of the closed eyes having encounted some object that inspired d ead. I The remains presented nothing in it- the nature of a clue. I passed on to that all-important piece ol evidence ve the pipe., .It,was..a common French brear, well bitten, and coloured a dark' rd brown by much use. T'he ashes were :d still in it. e Prompted by some vague suggestino, f.r ilieexistence oCs hich I could snbt of account, I was careful to turn my back st upon the-constable while I knocked in the blackish grey ashes out into nmyt ct htnd.. Something in their appearance caused me to start instinctively. It Ilere,' I said to the policeman, ur ' place these ashes in a piece of paper as and seal them up for the coroner.' . ie ' Wondering, doubtless, at the cause w or this proceeding, the oflicar lid as I' tn bade him. n- . Now we'll have a talk to the butler, ot I:remlarked to Bright. as 'You haven't git a clue ?' asked that gentleman nervously., th ' No; halfa one, though, I said as I rang the bell. in Now,' I asked the old retainer wi en he shamblel into 'he routt in ut response to the call,.' how is it that you n. never told any or.e that a gentleman called on your late nmaster, this alter te noon ? Ip ' If you please, sir,' replied the servant in asttnishment. I told the inspector. It was a Mr Mason, from er Americo, who called.' ' He's quite right,' broke in Bright. s ' T'.e inspector knows about it ; but he can't have done the murJer if that's h, what you're thinking. The evidence ol both servants goes to prove that this ,nan, Mason, left the house at least I twenty minutes before the crime was lI discovered. And how could a pipe te keep alight for so long a time as that ?' ' I merely want to kno v the true id state of affairs for private reasons of my own,' I answered. ' Now, tell irme,' I re said t' the butler, ' have you ever met it this Mr. Mason before ?' rt ' What is he like ?' w ' The'butler described himn at some h length. is 'Of course you don't know where he is staying ?' is I do, sir,' replied the man. ' I s was in the butler's paltry when he let d himself out' d ' Well ?' et 'And I heard him say, .in a loud n voice, as though he was going out of te the door when he thought ol it. ' By the way,' he said. ' I'm staying at tone I Plough Inn if you should care to see I me again.' 1 didn't hear what master c. replied, but I know that a moment I, later Mir Mason went out of the front n door I looked up at the clock, it wondering when I might expect the ly party back. . I thus noticed that it is wanted a tew minutes to four o'cltck. d W'len I went into the study at a ie quartet past fo'tr with master's cup of d coffee I found him stretched out dead :r as you may have heard. Mr Bright at knows all about it.' n ' You see how hopeless it is,' moaned ie the young man. g *VWait,' I advised cautiously. - n ' The rest of the story is to be f:und g in the following press cutting which 1 is have always retained among my 1, treasures. It is from the local paper d Some startling evidence was given Ir yesterday at the inquest held on the d body of the late lamented Mr Oliphant It .ydhart. It was generally suspected at the outset of the day's pro:ceedings that a young gentleman named Bright, s who has been staying at Mr Lydhart's e mansion, was responsib!e for the r perpetration of this disgracelul crime t that has robbed the district ot,.one of t is most prominent ligures. We gave f all particulars of the discovery of the deceased's body in our issue of yester day. Ve can therefore corfine our f selves to day to the actual occurrences at the inquest, which was held by the district coroner. The sensational evi dence to which we have referred was supplied by L)Dtective sergt. Brown, of a London, who. by . means of th it de ductive skill for which the officers in the employ of Scotland Yard are famed s not only cleared the suspected gentle man, but succeeded in hbrnging huome I toe guilt to the real criminal, wvh we are glad to find-was not a local character. S'lThe evidence of the pipe, to which we referred yesterday, instead of I proving prejudical to the ,originally I suspected man, was turned against the actual murderer in a clever manner that makes one marvel at the simil irity I exitino between this case and any one I of the many that lived only in the brains of some of the great French sensational story-writers. " In brief, the detective's evidence was as follows. The evidence of the pipe was absolutely invaluable, but not as showing the guilt of. Mr Percy Bright. Why it was so valuable t because the ashes found in the pipe (which had retained the heat, and even their red glow, at the moment when the deceased was discovered) were not the ashes of tobacco I In fact, they were those of some peculiar preparation chiefly consisting of charcoal. Now, charcoal will retain its heat, when lighted, for a considerable length of time. Thus, if a person lighted a t pipe of this preparation with care the Sheat would remain in the pipe for as Slong as fifteen or twenty rnnutes. ' The detective went on to explair. how a man named Mason bad called at Sthe house of the .deceased shortly before the perpetra.ion-st the murder. With. admirable pertspicuitybe slketched the infamous plot that it.appeared to him ..this man- had concocted. Evi dence was yet tobe obtained of the motive that prompted the crime, but he (the detrciv) considered that the tact of .his having dicovered in the possession of the man Mamsn a stick o; ,charcoal similar tothat which he believed'had been consumed in the ptpe of.a dead mnan, stamped him as one against whom.suspicion might well be directed.' -* Well, ..tbhey are. a. bit. Iong-winded abour?heaffair, so asI've toldyou the bc?rpa?r?Iothe story r-cwning that pipe, l.mas-a.well wiwld up 'by stat mg that while Bright was. disrais.ed wihout,·a stain p? his chatac er, this I fellow Mason was de~tained on the jury's w~rdict, .and at his subsequcnt trial pleaded guilt) to killing Lydhart, after first filling and lighting the dead man's pipe :- ', SIt certainly was an ingenious attempt on his part to prove an alibi. T'o my mird, though, it was an ex. tremely risky one. The pipe might never have been noticed. The body might not have been discovered for hours. In fact, I lways think'tlie poor scoundrel .was off his head to concoct such a' fintastic fornl of alibi. But the ' Hoe Sccretary' didn't. At least, they hanged the maf. Yes, it was ingenious, pretending tq tallk to the man who was already dead. Clever too. remaining in the neighbourhood, and purposely disarming suspic:on by letting the servants downstairs know where he was staing. Wh\'lat weapon was used ? If I remember ri.lht I was i?polker, but you know I've been mixed up in an amateurish sort of way with so many different cases that I hardly remember one from another. Motive? \Vell, there was some little mystery, about .Mr Lydhar's past life. You'll find the details in the daily papers for September, 188-. W\hat's that ? Didn't I let it he known tllat I was the masni.ho first suspected the evidence of the pipe ? No; why, what good would that have done e? Unfair ? Nonisernse What little I ever did was amply comRensLted for when young Bright asked me to he his best man !' A. E. B. 