MORNINGTONI. (From Our Correspondent). The tennis match referred to last week between Malvern and the Point I took place last Saturday, and resulted in a very easy victory for the visitors, the total scores being Malvern 20 sets (120 gamins); Mornington 0 sets (39 games). The locals were completely outmatched in every department of the game. A fair number of spectators aurned. up -to 'witaees the match, :but wig "to 'oth`er attractions` it'wass not - so well attended as anticipated. The visitors were .Messre Heath and Daley and Chrisp and Cox. TLe local team was represented by Messrs Grover and Worrell and Gault and Townsend. It will be noticed that the home team = did not succeed in scoring one set. Yet another candidate for municipal I honors, ex-Councillor Wm. Stanley at the request of numerous ratepayers has consented to court the suffrages of the i voters of the Mornington shire once more. The bottom has apparently been i knocked out of the Cheap Mutton His toric etc business, at anyrate far as the township of Mornmgton is concerned, and people are beginning to wonder if i the young gentleman who started it had not at that particular time a "bee in his bonnet," because although the "beep stealing spooks, with the minutely i described horse and trap travelled to Mornington, a nice fat crossbred pets lamb wanders unmolested about the streets of the township, really it is like i tempting providence, and the owner of I it should secure it before gentlemen of 1 Historic renown do so. The municipal flag pole having been I erected in the park andthoroughly ren ovated and presents it its 70 odd feet t of height quite a striking appearance. A white ensign 18 ft. by 9 ft. has been purchased and barring the christening t is ready for hoisting. But there is ever e in a manner of speaking a ghost in the cupboard here, for some affirm that to ly a St. George's Cross on land shows want of knowledge, it being a naval flag, so we are on the horns of a .dil- I emna viz. whether when the Admiral t comes round for the Melbourne Cup be -ill?top and bombard us for our im- i ýiddaceorketiend his joll bnatv'ashioe and demand the body corporate. How- I ever in the meantime we are going to ily our little bit of bunting for all its worth and chance it. The building trade appears brisk here just now, extensive additions are being carried out at the Convent, more room being rrquired for the large num ber of boarders now being educated there. Additions are also being carried out to some of the private residences.m in the township. The Mornington Shire Council meet today. The anti-woman's suffragist has ar rived and petitions against woman suf- 1 frage are being in some instances sign- 4 ed and in others refused. A house to house canvass by an enthuaiast is being made, poor dear man, but he must en thuse over something or bust ! The ladies finally decided-at the sec o"nd meeting held last week to have a Biograph entertainment the proceeds to:be devoted to the Children's His pital, but the decision was not arrived -.twithout some discussion between?ithe 'anced party and the: opposition repre=. s? ed?by the Biographists. who even tnally y a whip up, of?the .party .won n'ethbepost. The tickets are simply being boomed: off, the,. suecgesul party being put fairly on their merits to make 