IBSEN—"HEDDA GABLER." AN INTERESTING CONTROVERSY, [By a FREELAKCE.] Tiie performances of the gifted tragedienne* Miss Nance O'Nefl, have furnished a round of diversion to the playgoers of Adelaide; and by the presentation of "Hedda Gabler" lovers of Ibsen are tomorrow to be allotted their share in the general enjoyment. The question whether Ibsen will ever attain genuine popularity presents one of those problems over which the fiercest of controversies has already waged, and enthusiasts in the dramatic art hare divided their forces into two unequal factions, one of which vigorously denounces the Norwegian dramatist as the greatest preacher of "impropriety" the world has ever'seen, whilst the other as strenously hails him as the new. prophet of social regeneration. The fact is that literature, as Thomas Hardy says, is "mainly the expression of souls in revolt;" and Ibsen, having conceived that the sphere of his labours lay in' probing into the heart of isocial disorders and exposing what he deemed the shams and illusions of conventional ideals, must have realized that he w6uld be called upon to encounter the implacable enmity of those who consider his teaching as a step towards anarchy. Ibsen is essentially a revolutionist, not of the "sans culotte" vajietv, but o£ the order to which Shelley, liuslun, and even Burne Jones belong. "'There is only one thing that avails—to revolutionize people's minds," are his words. His keen irony, like tlie scalpel of a surgeon, cuts deep at the core of the most sacred institutions of society, and divests tie conventional ideal; of all their idealism. "If an ideal is false it. must be discarded," he says in effect, "no matter how essential its retention may seem for the stability of society." The "idealists," on the other hand—led by that eminent though somewhat emotional dramatic critic, Mr. Clement Scott —are not unnaturally alarmed for the very existence of the social order which the shattering of popular and conventional idols seem to threaten. But since, as Bernard Shaw in' his "Quintessence of Ibsenism" says, "man's onward path is strewn with the wrecks of discarded ideals," Ibseu may fairly claim that in oveiturping what he deems the images' of false Deities he is preparing mankind for the reception of nobler and higher aspirations. Thus it is that the advent of tne Norwegian dramatist has divided. the dramatne world into the two opposing camps, and initiated a strife the bitterness of which was sufficiently exemplified upon the first production of "Ghoste" in England. "Hedda Gabler," the heroine—after whom the play of that title is named, is supposed to represent a typical figure of the dying century—a woman without ideals, a sceptic, and a coward. Having no idtel either in realism or conventionalism, she ultimately convinces herself that her weakness lies in her fear of doing evil. What Ibsen seeks to inculcate is that whilst convention runs counter to reality certain temperaments will be induced to "make an ideal of Wee. The difficulty of portraying such a' character—of presenting those meaner imperfections wJwch go detract from stage dignity—is apparent; and playgoers will look fnnvarH forward "with u-iili interest int^foct to 3'lFss Hl.ci Nance O'Neill's interpretation of so difficult a part. Though lbeen has strong democratic tendencies, the whole moral ofhis teachina, paradoxical as it may seem, is an emphatic protest against the tyranny of wiiai J)r. Stockmaun in 'The Enemy of the People" tails the "compact liberal majority —a party he likens to "a sausage machine; it grinds all the heads together in one mash." As Havelock Ellis says, Ibsen's idea is that '"only by the creation of great men and women, by the enlargement to the utmost of reasonable freedom of the individual/ the realization of democracy made possible. In. this as iii other essentials, indeed ihe Norwegian holds common ground with the great American seer of democracy, Walt Whitman. "Where the citizen is always the head and ideal, where children ale taught to be laws unto themiselvcs, there the great city stands^" sings Whitman. To elevate mere partv achinery into an idea.i, to phrase the everresounding cry of "Unity! Unitv!" as the highest motto of human progress—this, in Ibsen's opinion, marks the birth of tyrannv nd the death of individual freedom; and, ith Herbert Spencer, the dramatist would f at one in the view that the loss of personal liberty at the instance of "the compact Liberal majority" heralds the coming lavery of the future. To understand and appreciate Norwegian rt it is first essential to understand the haracteristics of the land which has pro- duced its great exponents. Norway is a country, at once of bright sunshine and gloomy darkness. For six whole months the sun remains above the horizon, aad for the rest of the year the land , is enthralled in the perpetual night of winter. The mists rising in fantastic shapes out of the sea, the shadows lingering in the gloomy forests, "the play of colours On sky, sea, and rock, from the most glowing red to the most delicate yellow and white; and then •the colours of the northern lights on the winter sky with their suppressed kind of wild pictures, yet full of unrest and for ever changing," as Bjornson himself has described it, all play upon the imagination, and gave rise amongst a primitive people to the stories of elves and goblins and fairies with which_ Norwegian literature abounds. And thus Norway can furnish at least twa great, imaginative artists—Bjornson, representing the light sunlit side of nature, and Ibsen, its stern and/gloomy -winter. The poem of Brand, a tragedy of gloomy magnificence, the closing scene of which (we are told, on competent authority), "attains an imaginative height not elsewhere reached in modern literature, and for the like of which ive have to look b,ick to the great scene on the heath in Lear," is as far beyond the powers of Bjornson as the c harming lightness and gaiety of the novelist are outside the scope of the dramatist. In Norway Bjornson with his virilityand freshness is beloved of his countrymen, whilst Ibsen with his "deeds of might," his giant strength, and superb magnificence, is looked upon as a pessimist and a cynic. Goethe, a^ Havelock Ellis remarks, wa.« never appreciated like Schiller; and "Bjornson, with his genial exuberance, his jiopular sympathies and hopes, never too far in adi'ance of his fellows, invigontt.es and refreshes one like oue of tlie forces of nature Ibsen standing alone in the darkness in front, absorbed 111 the problems of human life, indifferent to the aspects of external nature, has closer affinities to the stern winter night of Norway. But there is a mighty energy in this man's work. The ideas and instincts, developed in silence which inspire his art, are of a kind that l>entrn1c men's minds slowly. Yet they penetrate t-urcly, and are proclaimed at length in the market-place." A 