THE CROWNING OF ESTHER PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. 'lEMEoaxpiLcs© en, rapcS.. : 'Author of "Mlsterton," "Cast Out," "The Victoria 'Cross," "Black Gu'l Rock," "Jock o' th' Beach," "Murray Murgatroyd, Journalist," &c;„ &c.; 'v. COPYRIGHT. , ' ' : ' CHAPrER XXII.— (Continued). '"I thought It was probable, sir— a gentle man dike, you, what's a sportsman hissolf to tlie i-baokbone, who knows what's what. I have1 told Wliecldon these dozens of timns If I've- told him once, you would never keep 'im .on with these drunken 'wayB of 'Is. He 'us 'only got 'lsself to thunlc for a better watcher never was until he took to the 'Sparry and "Wheel' of an evening. And wot's more, sir. oeggin yor. pardon, It s my belief, liu s took up with some of Giles Underwood's gang— and that's 'ruin, as you know quite well, to u keeper." Honest Jabez nodded his head sententlously by way of emphasis. : i . "Well, keeper, 1 was thinking of more than that. The fact Is, I mean to try u new sys tem altogether, and old men and new BysteniB don't go together, us your good sense will tell you; so I mean to nsk you to accept a present, a very liberal present, from me— and — and, of , course, the best of characters. There Is ho one I think so highly of as I. do you." " It was a disjointed and incomplete sentence. It came across Stephen as he said the words wliat .a different one he had meant to make, vvhen he intended to have given the keeper a present, not as a solatium, hut as a reward for saving his life, remembered and requited nfter many years, directly he had the power to .do so. Jabez GiUard removed his hat and scratched his head. He looked In a dazed, -way upon the fleldB before- and the moorland around him, and then up into teh sky. It was all as if he were In a dreafn, from which he must awaken. Yet all nature, around him was just the same' as It had been when he had , marked . the grouse covey, when' he lelt home that morning and his wife had been to the cottage door to see him go down the hill side. ' ' i . . ' Dismissed! DIsniissBed! DIsmlesBed! How the words played about in his head, until they rang a tune, dancing in and out- of one an other like the quick time of chiming church bells. The blood had all flowed to his head until his face turned terra-cotta colour with blot ches of darker hue here and there upon It; Stephen had not been looking at the keeper. He had been casting shifty glances here, there, and everywhere on field and stone wall— those North Derbyshire stone' walls which take the place of hedges and are so distinctive of the county— on moor and sky, anywhere but upon this man's face, to whom he was doing this great Injustice at. the miserable bidding of Giles Underwood, the poacher. . But now he noted his silence, and looked at him for the first time. The keeper' is leaning heavily on his gun. "What alls you, man?" Stephen takes Ja bez by the arm. "Don't look like that, I'll give you fifty poun4s, man; and there art fifty other places better than this open to you." , But Jabez 'never heard. One roll forward and he hod fallen heavily to the ground. . From that fit he slowly recovered a week la ter to find himself in a Manchester hospital, and the first news he had after the awaken ing was that Giles Underwood, the poacher, lived In the moorland cottage by Nab's Head, and ruled In his stead. "He will live to repent this before he dies," was the bitter prophecy of the man Stephen had wronged so deeply. CHARTER XXIII. Lord Alfred Pontlfex had made as . easy 1 Journey as-possible from'-Klng's. Cross, to Can-, nook Junction under the able manipulation ot the- worthy Gustav'e.: 1 ;Jv. „ „ , At the London terminus he had had a interview, ns the porter had correctly Inform-, ed .Caroline Wrottlsley, with Mrs. Butterfleld, , and the burden of his departing charge might be summed up in tlie one word "Vigilance." At Sheffield, Lord Alfred had come across Captain Clivers of the 4th, bound for the same port. That worthy gentleman was stationed at York, and had been lunching with a rich aunt In the city of steel. . He enlivened the first part of the Journey r.-om Sheffield by a highly-pictured descrip tion of the exhortation that worthy lady hud addressed to him on the evils of fast ways, and especially of gambling, which she had heard some officers of her Majesty's Army were adtdcted to: ending with a very liberal present to her nephew and godchild. Monta gue Clivers. The latter part of the way, to emphasise the value of good advice. Lord Alfred and Cnptaln Clivers played a few hands at sin gle nap, a pastime at which the defender of his country proved tne better man to the tune ot some flve-and-twenty pounds. Altogether. Lord Alfred, in spite of Gus- tave's accomplishments, arrived at the Moat House tired and cross and with a general sense of being down on his luck. No one Is more abjectly superstitious than your bluse man of the world. Lord Alfred was right, however. Luck ne- ver hud turned against him so persistently an It had during the last. tew months. He had dropped a great deal more than lie cured to think, and tlie usual resources were dry- 11'.?. up. Rents did not come in as I bey used lu do. ' He had to make reductions just when he ivuiited more money, on hie Chleve- li-y Estate; or else farms, would have been thrown on his hands. His brother had al ways been liberal, but .did not 'appear to be anxious to, Increase his already ample allow ance to his younger brother. Lord Alfred felt that he was personally very much wronged in a wot'ld which was generally sadly out of gear. : Marriage I. A rich wife! That -is what every one told nlm, down even to the trusty Uus- tavo, who knew pretty well the dlmculiies his muster experienced la raising that uncertain ether commonly (ailed tlie wmd. Strange that between Lord Altred and the Marriage Market there should come the'llgure of that Wrottlsley girl. Why tail he taken to lier so tremen dously? What a fool lie was after all these years to be so confoundedly smitten. Of course lie. hud no thought of marrying the girl. Without a penny— an urtlst's mudel! Lord Alfred ground Ins teeth as he thought of all that It meant; little dreaming that It meant; nothing of the sort, y . What hnd lnfatuate'd him" about the girl? Was it her beauty, hc-r figure, her .skin? .No doubt she did "take the cuke" in these mat ters, but lie knew of hundreds of other wo men almost as beautiful, whom lie would not cross the road to see. ' It must bo' lier pride! the. way she resisted! him! How he loiigqd.to have her humbled be fore him; to' recognise him by word of mouth as her master, and she his slave. He had made other proud women do it before and why not this girl,- whose very poverty and friendliness made her the easier prey? Lord Alfred Rontlfcx had been consigned to the best room In the Moat House, the one which had been occupied by the late Master. He was now. loiinging In an easy chair with a dressing-gown round him after -enjoying a bath, smoking a cigarette preparatory to put ting on quasi-evening dreBB, that is, evening dress all but the swallow-tails, 'which were discarded, as no ladies would be present, in favour of a short velvet smoklng-coat. The room was almost exactly as it had been In the old Squire's time, except for the addi tion of the sporting tackle and other impedi menta Lord Alfred had just imported into It. A knock at tlie door and the I-Ion. Thomas Upmore entered. Tile latter; who was a very small man, always scrupulously particular about the cut of his clothes and the shine of his shoes, had arrived at the Moat House ear lier in the afternoon. ' He was the third son of Lord GroBham, the great distiller. He had just Inherited a smart fortune from an uncle, also a distiller, hut not/a lord. "Hallo, Tommy, didn't know you had turn ed up yet." - "Oh, I came this afternoon. You- know I am keeping .myself quiet juBt now, I'm In mourning," glancing nt his correct suit of black, "'ho I have just been taking the wuters at Harrogate." "And you have come here for consolation after your recent heavy loss, eh, Tommy?" , 'IThat Is exactly it;", -and that worthy .breathed a sigh, in beautiful imitation of real grief, "Well, you are sure to get It.. O.ur.frlend Stephen .will take care you don't have too much1 time to cuddle your sorrows; what with the best shooting this side the Firth of Forth by day,' and the devil's prayer-book, at- night." Tommy laughed, a low silent gurgle of mirth. , , Then, after a pause, he struck . Into a new subject. "Stephen always was like a cat, but I never knew him light on his feet so well as he has this time. How did he tumble Into "Oil, I don't know," replied Lord Alfred, carelessly. "A great-unele lived here who hated our friend like poison. Lo and behold, lie dies suddenly, and Stephen Fleetwood, Esq., is left sole heir-at- law, and executor. Ergo, he murdered the old chap and forged the will. Stephen would think nothing of a lot of that sort of thing before brealtfuBt." The Hon. Thomas looked rather grave. "I hope to goodness, he won't take It Into his head to murder me." "Murder! Why, he'd swallow you at a bite. But make your mind easy; he would fhr rather pluck you ns you are." It was now the turn of Mr. Upmore, who had not relished Lord Alfred's sarcasm, eouclied in the metaphor of the duck (or goose) pond. "Well, any way, if he killed him, It was in this room. So you will hear the blood drip, drip at night, as they do in the ghost stories. I expect Stephen choked old Wrottlsley III that bed round the corner of the screen that you are going to sleep In!" That Is the great advantage among true friends that we do know each other's weak points; nnd if there Is an unguarded heel your bosom oily is sure to probe It . Lord Alfred did not half relish the sugges tion, as the Hon. Thomas well knew he would not. ' "How do you know, Tommy? ' "Know what?" "Why, that the old chap was— I mean, died here." (TO IIF. CONTIXDF.II.) 