Gamngtotf Convalescent Hospital. By permission of the Matron, MissBrick noli, the patients and staff of the Carrin vfon Convalescent Hospital,' Cumden, particip ated in a fancy dress ball last Thursday eveniug. The commodious dining room made an ideal ball room, and was quiet brilliantly decorated with a number of V Chinese lanterns, flowers, et\, The music was mainly supplied gratiutously by mem bers of the Camd.en Town Baud,. assisted. by Nurse .Bamfield, aud by way of diversion a number of s »ngs were rendered in the inter vals of dancing. The majority of dancers appeared in character, the excellent taste evinced being quite in keeping with a high class ball. Mr. Deas-Tliomson, hon$8eo.s of the institution, accompanied by Mrs. i)ea' Thomson were ['resent, congruUiting the matron on th'e success of her efforts to enter-, tain the patients. The following appeared in character:' — Miss Bricknell, ( Ma'trpn), Mistress of Ceremonies ; Sister Reyn.oids, Mary Queen of Scotts ; Sister Dalziel, Puriian Alaiden ; Nurse BamSeld, Queen of Rosea ; Nurse lnglis, powder and patches; Nurse Gwynne, apcient dame; Mrs. Thom son, good luck ; Miss Keary, sunflower; IVIiss Taylor, ' autumn ; Mies Bri'scome, Maroia ; Mies J. Anders.on, Marguerite; Miss Degmore, faith' ; Miss Welby, hope; Miss Owen, charity; Miss Simpson, § jo w |Jueen j Miss Smith, school girl ; ''Miss Powell, Qupen of May ; Miss Beck, Queen of Hearts j Miss Ward, white rose ; Miss Gunnell, flower girl ; Mi?8 Gordin, nurse ; Miss Gleeson, buttercup ; Miss Chapman, Mother Hiibbard; Miss Shields, daughter of regiment ; Mr. Nickless, Turk } Mr. Burreson, Arab - Mr. Qrr, Reservist ; Mr. McNevin, footballer ; Mr. Robertson-, return ed bushman : Mr. Boston, Jockey; Mr. Eyre, stopjem^n , Mr Smith, clown ; Mr Lawrance, Indian Prince ; Mr Stafford, clown ; My. 0 Pickering, saucy Kate ; Mr. Barry, foot baller ; Mr. Kennedy, ghost ; Mr. Handle, negro girl ; Mr. Phillips, father Xmas ; Mr. Blake, footman ; ' Mr. Bennett, red riding hood ; Mr. Green,- topsy ; Mr F. Smith, hospital nurse ; Mr lyncher, adyertisments ; Mr. Pickering, baker ; Mr Sargent, Knave of Hearts ; Mr Uoffinden, Kate Greenaway ; Mr. Girgle, school girl; Mr Mulley, school girl; Master L Dowder, khaki girl. Refresh ments were provided, and at the conclusion the National Anthepa and Auld Lang Syne, were honored, cheers being iieartjly given fo? the matron. 