THE SEA-CLIFF TOWERS IYSTERY, BY J. D. HEENESSEY, (All ?1lIDh nresurrl.) CHIIAPTER XI1U. TuE night passed without inoident, and the morning brought no now dis oovery. TLhe carpet was takenou up from the lower tower room, but no fresh light was thrown upon the affair, nor was the old womanu's story cor roborated by the finding of any mounds of earth which might have nooumulated as the rosult of the suggested ex oavations,. The deteotiveos however remained and examined the country around the Towers in all dirootions, but found no ouluoo. The mystery of the lawyer's dis appearance got into the papers; a oonsidorable reward was offered for any information which might load to his discovery; aud some of the society journals hinted at a soandal, nod that he might readily have boon found, not twenty miles from Sydneuoy, if coertain people wished it. It was indeed suggested by a journal circulating in Sydney, althongh not published there that there wore high offioials in the goveorument departments who knew of Boptimus Dorset's whereabouts, but who found it oonvoniont to be silent. Of course vague inuendoos of this sort cau never be answered, nor can the originators of tlhom be brouglht to punishment, as they richly deserve to be. Tihoro was ino disputing the faet, however, among those who really kneow. The epoline wore baffled, the friends of the missing man were in great distress at his disappearanoe, and to complicate matters the mise tress of Sea Oliff Towers lay seriously ill at Stoynbridge cottage. Nothinsg preys upon the Iheart more than the possession of a scorot whielh is associated with a crime. Tile per son possessing thie knowledge may be porleotly innocent, or may only hanvo boon guilty of indiscretion, or may Shave obtained the knowledge by noai dent or mistake; but it makes little difference. Tihe sorot of a crimo uundisolosod, has in countless instanoes warped the wholo vision of lifo, and placed its possessors under disastrous disabilities. Tihe dilioculty of such a position is inereased with every now circumstance, and eachb passing day: It is an incubus upon theIo mind which feeds upou its own fears, and grows until it fills the whole horizon of vision and absolut'bly monopolisee the life. Tihe burden of a soeret shared with a faithful friend may be harmlose to the individual; but uushared it may be a cankeor oorroding the wholo lifo. It was this which had brought about Miss I3allanttyno's illness, which very seriously perplexed and bafiled the medical skill of Dr. Strong. The position as it presented itself to Bentrice was this: She lhad experimentoe with a man's life for the sake of obtaining further knowledge of the mysterious room in the Towers. Wlat shebo had soon in that room could not have been a dream, it was real. Her unuolo's memorandum in regard to the wearer of a oat's-oeye ring dispelled any Sthought of its hlaving been an imangina tion of her mind. e8110 had seeoon the hand of the wearer of the cat's-oys ring before she had kuown of the existenoo of suoh a person or such a ring from other sourooes. Siho longed to give the doctor some hint tihat niighlt assist lthem in the soarohl, but when an opportnuity to toll him came, she shrank from doing so. Her position was embarrassed, too, by the disappearance of her lawyer, for he possessed a knuowledge of her affairs which would havo boon specially servioeable in selling a portion of her property. Her distress and worry and nurciug of her unshared secret and fear that by some means she might unwittingly disoloso it, had worked together upon her mind and culminated in its natural consequences -fever, and for soveral weeooks during which theb search was continued, Miss Ballantyne oould render no assistance. In tho meantime, the position of things at thebo Towers was peculiar. The illuness of Miss Ballan tyno aud the disappearance of the lawyer, left the practical diroo tion of naffairs in thebo hands of Dr. Strong, who was interested in the matter out of all proportion to its pro fessional value to him. He felt sure that Beatrice had some thing on her mind; Grsoe had told " him of expressions of fear about the Towers which had escaped Miss Bal lantyno's lips in the delirium of fever; and although it was natural that the shook of Mr. Dorset's disappearance should have caused such an illness, the dootor's suspicions that there was something underhand about the man sion and its cemonted floors grow upon him, and he visited the place as muoh as his professional duties made poe. siblo. After a month, Miss Bsllantyno was consalesoont, and still resident at Steynbridgo Cottage, when one eveon ing Dr. Strong found himself travers ing the now familiar path from the cot. tago to the Towers. Ho had determined to remain there for the night alone in the haunted olhamber, and see if it was not possible to learn something of the mystery which threatened to mako the Towers no longer habitable to ordinary residents. Miss Ballin tyne had emphatically stated that she would not again live in the place, and the servants reported noises in the night at the north end of the mansion, and could only be induced to remain in the place at all by theloir attachment to their mistress and an incroaso in their salary. Dr. Strong was both couragoous and of iron nerve, and he had seot himself to spend one night alone in the chamber, and see if anything would result. He had not told either his sister or Miss Ballantyne of his intentions, nor did the servants at the Towers Inow of his coming. He had intimated to the former that he had a aseo to attend and might .ie detained late. Evening was closing in as he on tered the grounds and met William, with Leo the mastiff, having a look around before closing up the place for the night. i William's first inquiry was after thebo health of Miss Ballantyno, and on a being assured that she was progreessing favorably and would eoon be about again, he commenced to talk about the Towers. "The people in Ausntralia are worseo than folko in the old country, doctor," he said. "How's that, William ?" " Oh I I mean in trespasesing upon \ property. Would you believe it now, oir, I turned a party of young chaps off the lower lawn this afternoon, who had just fixed up their wickets to play oricket hero. They coolly told me that they had played thoero before without being interfered with, and they wore not going to move for me. Wanted mo to drink a drop of whisekey with them, and take long etop as they were ebort of a man." " What did you do ?" asked the doutor laughing. " I wont up and brought down the gardenor and the mastiff, and we cleared them out." "You ee there is eo much open ground, and so many broken and sbaky fonces around this neighbour hood, that people have a very faint notion as to the rights of occupation or trospase," replied the doctor. "That's all very well, but our fences are all right, and they not only trespass upon the grounds, but they damage the place, and stetal the fruit and timber unless you are always upon the watch. They como, too, in the night-time. I think, dootor, the young mistress ought to have a keeper about tohe place at night. I shall be real glad when we are all safely back in the old land again." Dinner was served to the doctor alone, and ho informed the houeo maid that he should stop for the night, and sleeop in the big bedroom in the north wing. "By the way, Mary, as I am to occupy the end of the hIouseo by myself, I think that I might as well have L.o the mastiff, with me; tell the gardener to send him along." Tice clock lhad strnok ten when Doctor Strong settled himself down in the chamber from which Beptimus Dorset had dissappeared. A firo burnt brightly in the room. lie -sat back from the hearth rug, howover, for the fire had been placed there more for company and general comfort than for warmthl. By hie aide, the mastiff lay at rest, and on the table, within easy roach of hie band, was arevolver. He was not sleepy, but sat calmly thinking out a score of tangled ciroum etances which he felt wanted an hour or two of reflootion to set them straight. First of all in hiis thoughts came Beatrice Ballantynuo; he had seen a good deal of her during hier illneess; Ihad econ her when a woman appears to least advantage, in her hours of bodily weakuoss and pain, and depres sion of spirits. How calm and reso lute sloe had boon in suffering, how' well eho had held horself in cheoek. " Just the woman I have avishod for and dreamt about as a wife," he said to himself. " Sbe will soon be well again, but this place worries her, if I could got her confidence, and relieve her of her ansiotien nod mysterions aesooiations with the pines it would help hor, nsd for the oske of love, even though it were not returned, or in any way rewarded, I would help her if Icould." Then he recalled his own early life in company with his brave-hearted sister; lie reminded himself of his first settlemnent at Senaliff, of his first thouighito of Raymond Ballantyne and Seth Roendals, and what he had heard of Mrs. Dalbert. There had been queer storiss of Raymond B3Rllantyno; of his domestio habits, of his ten. denoyiyto fall asleep at most uon timely seasons; how he had been known to play for hours upon the organ in a state of semi-conscious ness. Could it be possible that he was asleep thou ? Then the thought arose in his mind as to how Raymond Ballantyne oame to commit suicide. Was there any want of truthfulness on the part of the witnoes who bore testimony to having seen him jump from or slip off the rooks ? Darker thoughts came into the pioture. Had Seth Rosoedal or Mrs. Dalbert any interest in his death; were they benefited by it, and how? Could Soth Rosedsle have had aught to do with the disappearance of Septimus Dorset? If so, what bonofit could it be to him ? His thoughts wero at this point when he was startled. Ths mastiff was growling as it were below his breath. The doctor had heard no sound, saw no movemont, but the dog, who lay with his nose upon the floor, snddenly growled again. COAPTER XiV. Dr. Strong sat back in his chair and peered santionely about the room. "What was the dog growling at?'1 Hs had a theory that animals some times see more than is visible to human eyes, and this seemed now to be corroborated for suddenly the dog drew back, oringing as though threat ened by a ghostly hand and crouohed nearer to the doctor. The hugs animal visibly shivered and then whined. Tuere was no mistaking it, whether it was afraid of something at present invisible, but something which he soonted; or whether the dog saw more than the doctor, the animal was evidently afraid, for it turned its eyes up to those of Dootor Strong in plead. ing entreaty and then etood up tremb hiug all over. It was the mute appeal of a dumb animal suggestive of fear, and readi nues for flight. Tue doctor felt a chill go through him, but placed his hand reassuringly on the dog's head, at which he sat down npon his haunches and gazed. again in the direction of the fireplaes, where a few coals still gave out a feeble glow. It wno nearly half-past eleven o'olook. Several minutes passed without a sound; the apprehension of the dog had, to some extent, seized hold of the doctor, and he held the revolver nervously in his hand while he gazed around the room. Saddenly a whimper from the dog again arrested his attention, and look ing over towards the fire, he saw the great square hearth and fireplaco, slowly sinking below the level of the bedroom floor. Mlotioning to the dog he stopped noislessly bank across the thick car pot to a large old-fashioned bay-win dow where heavy curtains provided a convenient hiding-place. The dog seemed instinctively to know that it was advisable to get behind cover, and in less time than it takes to write it, the two were sheltered at the back of the damask curtains. " Some deviltry, this I" was all that he softly ejaoulated, as he saw the firoplace and square still slowly de soouending, until at last it was out of sight, leaving only visible, from whore the doctor stood, a large cavity. Several things had thus far im pressed themselves upon the solitary beholder of this strange scene. There had been no noise. Whatever me chanism it was that worked this extraordinary life, it must be finely finisbhed and peyfooted. " Here is aclue to the dissappear anoos of Saptimus Dorset, and a corroboration of Sarah's story," thought the doctor. " Whether there is a gold mine or not, there is certainly something under the place, and this scretro lift habus been constructed by a clover man, probably a sooundrel, for a purpose." His thoughts were arrested by the appearance from out of the cavity of the back of a man's head, and Dr. Strong grasped the revolver with a nervous grip as he peered between the ourtains, It was a stoutish man, sitting in a roeking chair, with his face turned toward the dead emlbers of the fire plaoe. Thei figure sat perfectly motionless, and in the dim light of the room-(for the lamp had been lowered by the doctor), it was impossible to make out more than that the hands woroclasped in front of him, and that one leg was lifted, so as to rest aeross the knee of the other. Au hour must have passed-an hour of exquisite torture for Doctor Strong-during which time tihe figure slowed no sign of life or motion. Who was it that thus courted des truction ?-for the doctor's finger was on the trigger a score of times, ready to send a bullet through the man's head. Again and again he was on the point of coming out of his hiding-plaeoo, and grappling with the man in the chair, but with an iron will be restrained himself. It struck him that the size of the figure very muoh resembled that of the late Raymond Ballantyno. Then the thought came to him of Mr. Ballantyne having been Irown to some as Raymond the sleeper. The man in the chair looked very muoh as thongh he were asleep. It was strange, he tlhought, that the, dog should be so quiet. Was it because the thing in front of lhim was dead ? Thenou thebo idea flashed upon him that this was the body of tile dead Risymond Bl:lantyne, preserved by some prooess known to Seth Rosedale, and that he was projeeted into this chamber in this oetraordinary fashion, in order that anyone seeing it might be terrified, and proclaim the Towers haunted by the ghost of its lato pro prietor. But the ghostly thing still made no sign, and at last Dr. Strong, unable to restrain Ihimself any longer, stopped into the middle of the room, the dog following him with evident reluctance. He canght a glimpse for a moment of an ashy white dead face, and then noticed the great square slowly settling down again below the surface of the room. What should he do ? Fire. and arouse tihe household or jump upon the decondinug lift and see for himself what thore was below. He had only a monosent to deooide, and at once obhose the latter alternative. He sprang lightly down, revolver in hand, at the back of the deconding figure. In a moment however he regretted his rashneuoss, for an unsoon hand snd denly wrenchod the revolver from hIis grasp, and a savage blow felled him to the ground. It seemed but a moment, when the faint lamplight above was suddenly blotted out in darkness. The lift had evidently returned to its accustomed position. Not a gleam of light was visible; the darkness was so intone that one might almost feeool it like a solid sub stance. The doctor placed his hand upon the floor; it felt like earth or gravel to the touah. But there was no sound to be heard, although he lis tened with strained attention, for. the elightest noise. Nothing was to be heard, however, around or in the room above. The smell of the place seemed to him faint and onwholesome. " What a fool I was to take a leap like this in the dark," he thought. But he made no movement and spoke no word, for he felt that the slightest indication of his whereabouts to an adversary might . be followed by a pistol shot era blow. (To be continuied.) 