PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED. Tlic August number of the "Austral Light'' is 11 cm- to hand, and contains an cxteusire budget of readable matter. Archbishop Carr in r.u article, discusses the teaching of the Roman Catholic Church on the doctrine of exclusive salvation, a subject which he claims is greatly misunderstood, and conse quently frequently misrepresented by theo logical controversialists. "The Shadow Chil dren," by Mrs. Una Rowe, i= advanced a fur ther stage, and a number of short sketches, stori*s, and poems go to make up a very in teresting number. We have received from Mr. Thomas Hollo way, of 533 Oxford-street, London, of Hollo ,,vray'B pills and ointment fame, a number of r.ew and original copyright songs, published at very moderate prices. Several of them indi cate meritorious composition, the most pleasing being "My Love for Ever and Aye" (Karl Monckton), " The Dream of Life" (C. Preston Wynne), and "Brothers" (C. Preston Wynne). The latter is a patriotic song, conveying a tri bute to the Australians in South Africa. "Re membrance" (Louis Le Keux) is attractive, and "Love's Message" (Lindsay Lennox) has a pretty air. "Th6 Beautiful Prayer" (Lindsay Lennox!, and a cycling song by the same com poser, though distinctly apart in style, are very commendable. Amongst the several sacred songs, "Rest at Last" (Arthur G. Colbom) should find favor. Though the songs are pub lished at 21 each, Mr. Holloway is offering thein at the remavkably cheap rate of 2£d per copy, post free, to any address in Australasia. "Gum Leaves" is the title of an interesting publication, intended for the.young people, and may be read by old as well, by that favorite Australian writer, Miss Ethel Turner. It is a collection of fairy tales-Australian in charac ter, of course-folk lore, new nursery rhymes, sketches, both serious and amusing,' and, under the title of "Dame Durden's Post Bag," speci mens of characteristically juvenile letters. The book is divided into four divisions, entitled, "R«d Gum," "White Gum," ' Blue Gum," and "Silver Gum," and each division is quaintly introduced thus: "Red Gum" "I asked the red gum trco, 'Why red? Why red?' 'The blood-red suns rise up and die o'er me,' It said; it said." "White Gum" "And you, oh gaunt gum tree, . 'Why white? Why white?' 'The ghosts of all the bush passed, creep ingly.' One night, one night.' " .'Bine Gum" "And you, oh blue gum tree. Why are you blue?" 'The far sweet seas thrill every leaf of me, Tili I grow blue.'" "Silver Gum" "And why these nuns in grey, With silvered hail?" The grey gums sighed, and answered sob bingly, "We boar and bear." The whole of the contents are given in tlx* guise of a "Court of Entertainers," the charac ters of which fulfil their various functions in contributing oifciior in verse or prose some en trancing fairy tale, toine original nureory rhyme or bush idyll, or instructive sketch, that help t-o make every page interesting. To tho young, indeed, there will iiot bo a dry in the book. Tho matter is distinctly original, and, like all Miss Turner's works, pure in tone, with nothing to offend tlio canons of good taste ira conception or otherwise. With all the best of qualities, and simplicity of idea, it is an ad mirable present for the young, and will help to pass away many a pleasant liour. The illus trations by D. H. Souter are decidedly effective, and in artistic sympathy with the originality of the writing. Whether in silhouette, line, or fancy drawing, the result is equally creditable, aDd each and every sketch is made to convey frith admirable fide)"*" *'". 'uear.ing of the story | it illustrates. The letterpress is large and clear, printed on extra thick toned paper, vhirli adds materially to its general excellence, whilst clothed in an attractive covnr, which maintains its striking originality, the whole book is a c-redit to the publishing firm, Messrs. William Brooks and Co., Sydney, who are issuing it. "The Voyage of the. Monsoon, or tho Adven tures of n Stowaway," by 11. Millan ("Gos sip"), is a distinctly boys' book of sea adven tures, and ought to become popular It is told in Ihe form of a biography from the time the nar irator runs away from homo to the sea, until he finally runs away from the ship itself, after his long and erentful cruiso. The story gives an insight into ship life under tho old school of slave-driving, bullying skippers, and the tricks of Uio boys the discontent of the crew with scarcity and badness of food, the mutiny at sea, the adventures along the Chinese coast, the fights with pirates, and the scones at Manila, all help t<: make the book decidedly interesting Tho story is told in language that will be easily understood by every boy, and there is nothing in the manner of relation to which the slightest exception could bo taken. The book is well illustrated by D. H. Souter, and the letterpress and binding is good, though of the inexpensive, order. Messrs. William Brooks and Co., of Syd ney, are the publishers. The July number of "Windsor Magazine" is to hand from Mr. W. Hampton, news agent, View Point. It well maintains its reputation. There is a very interesting article about the biggest engine in the world-American, of course, in which we are told about an engine and tender which weigh 167 tons, in which the boiler stands over 10 feet in height, its weight 59,300 lbs.: total length of engine and tender, 63 feet 3& inches: its cylinders, 23 inches in diameter: its drivers, 54 inches; it .steam pressure, 2001b.: and its hauling capacity, 6650 tons. "To the Memory of the Brave" is a sketch of how English public schools honor their dead heroes, a par ticularly appropriate article in view of the pro posals to perpetuate the memory of fallen Aus tralian heroes in the Smith African campaign. An article interesting to lovers of cricket is that dealing with "My First Century," of leading Knfjish players. A description of the "Passion Play" at Oberammergau is given. Ian M'Laren's interesting stories of Scotch school life, under tlv-3 heading of "Yming Barbarians," is continued, and there are many other interesting sketches and stories to complete the number. 