? ? ? mBLTfton nr special arrangement. US* S8-- War/eon^ Avlkor of «; Ilio Ci .it Porter Square My/,tcry,' 'Crif,' 'Tho Sacred Nugget' Mniatn Rozella, 'A Pair Jewes»,' 'The Golden Lnnd,' Tho Betray*! of John Fordlmm,' &c.;, &o.; COPYRIGHT. -CHAP'lER X. — (Coiiiimitd.) It was during 0110 of his luter visits to . Paris tlmt lin mot tho young lady who boonino his flccond wito. Tho pasHions and inclinations of inon are matters of impulse »nd inhoritance, and though they may bo ?controlled thoy cannot bo destroyed. Tho moment Bernard Maubray saw Gabrinllo a now flower of love took root in liis heart, and her imago accompanied him when he went from her presenco. Sho was very little older than hiB daughter Valerie, and it might fcr»vo boon thought tliat. tho disparity in their ages would liavo held him back. But strong- minded as ho was, tho charm had fallen and ho could not resist it. If occasionally the doubt in truded itsolf that tho union of a lady with a man old onough to bo her father was unwise, it was instantly dismissed. In the lives of ? . most men thoro aro overwhelming tides which carry thorn onward despite themselves. That Bomard Maubray loved Gabrielle passionately in no way lessened his love for Valerio ; it helped, indeed, to strengthen it, inasmuch as it opened tho door to a closer nnd moro constant companionship with his dear child. It would also impart new sweet ness to Gabriello's union with him, for she would have a companion of her own age always by her aide. Ho encouraged every argument favourable to tho consummation of his ardont wishes, and dismissed every argu ' ment wliieli bado him reflect beforo ho took the final step. Thera were peculiar circumstances which hurried him on. Gabriello's father was so . intangled in pecuniary difficulties that ruin Itared him in tho face. Not only ruin but dishonour ; for in his frantic efforts to release himself from disaster he had in an incautious moment stepped aside from tho path of recuiuae. exposure mcani. aisnonour, dis honour meant death. When Bernard Maubray appeared upon the scene all this was known to Gabrielle, in whom her father, weak and raftrm of purpose, had confided, and her soul ' 'yas filled with horror at tho threatened tragedy. Bernard Maubray was tho one man who could avert this tragedy, who could preserve her father's honour, and in a moment of despair she consented to be his wife. No shadow of this despair was visible to Jlaubray. He loved, and was blind. The madness of her face was accounted for by tho cloud which hung over her father's honoured name, the cloud which it was liis good fortune to remove. To this cause, also, he attributed her wandering glances and the nervous clasping of her hands when he pressed his suit. In a certain sense her sadness im parted a spiritual element to her beauty, and, 'given that her heart was at rest, all else was well. But her heart was not at rest. She con tented to marry Bornard Maubray, but sho . did not love him. Had she mado this clear to him ho would have instantly roleased her, but ?he kept her secret close — the seorot which only ono man could have suspected, and that man one of the base creatures of the earth whose career wasstrewn with perjured vows and blighted hopes, with shame and despair, and ?ometimes death. Even as it was she would not havo accepted Bernard Maubray had she not had a firm conviction that her days were numbered, and that she would soon go down to the grave with her secret unrevealed. By her act she released her father from impend ing dishonour ; by nature's decree she would be saved from a woman's deepest shamo. So thoy were married in Paris, and in tho church in which the ceremony took place lurked the villain who had betrayed her. He kept so far back in the gloom of unillumined pillars that ho did not see the faces of bride nnd bridegroom ; he heard the sound of mur muring voices, and, the ceremony over, he ?lunk away, twirling his Mephistophelian moustache, with an air of satisfaction. It was an obstacle removed, and he was contented. ' By njy faith,' he murmured, with a smile, ' I 'have had my pastimo, and Gabrielle is settled in life. Farewell, my sweet Gabrielle.' But if it contributed to his satisfaction to think that tho consequences of his base act wam fni. Aupr romnvpfl. arid that; thnv would ylay no part in his future, ho could haro paid no regard to that dread Fate which weaves its threads in silence and darkness, and over tarns the grandest as well as the meanest of mortal schemes at the moment of fruition. We build our castles and dream our dreams, heedless of the uusoen shadow which waits upon our actions, and lo ! when the edifice is crowned and the dream is dreamed, a thunder cloud bursts and lays waste tho work of tho best years of our life. Back in his house, with his bride and his ?daughter by his side, Bernard Maubray sent forth a work which set tho seal upon his renown as ono of tho world's groat paintors. ' Thrco of his happiest months went by, and thon tho clouds bocamo overcast. Gabrielle ioemed to bo pining away. Always quiet and reserved, she grew oven fonder of silence nnd solitude. With lovo's solicitude ho, obsorvod how thin and white she was, bow tho least sound struck terror to her heart, how whon Bliewasin thought and ho spoko to her sho started as though to ward off a blow. He questioned Valerio privately. Had Gabrielle complained? ' No,' answered Valerie, 'sho never complains.' 'But she suffers?' 'Yes, sho suffers.' 'Have you tried to aBcortain tho causo ?' 'Yes, but 'she insists that sho is quito well.' 'Is tho houso too quiet for her. Doos sho wish for company ?' ' No, she dreads it.' And Valerie drew his nttention to the circumstances that when visitors camo, or strangers wcro announced, hor ono desiro was to avoid them. Indeed, at this time, unknown to tho father and daughter, Gabriello was attempting flight to some spot where she was unknown, and whore she could remain hidden from the sight .of nil who knew her. Ho questioned Gabriello also, nnd was distressed by tho nervousness und fear sho exhibitod whon they were alono together. '* Do I frighten you, Gabriollo?'' ho asked 'No, no,' she repliod, ' why should I bo frightened when you speak to mo But even as sho answored sho shrunk from him and could not look him in tho face. ' If you havo any grief, confide in me.' ' Yes, I w-J' T was nover strong, you ? ; know.' 'We will in— .3 you strong,' ho said, striving to speak cheerfully. ' You aro very good to mo — too good, too good !' v Sho was on tho verge ot Tears, nnd ho foro bore to question her farther. AH that love could do was done — without avail. Hor peace of mind seemed to be destroyed. Bernard Maubray's most intimate friend ' was Dr. Webor, a physician of great skill nnd experience, nnd from this friend he sought advice. Dr. Weber accompanied tho_ artist home, and giyro a gentle hint to Gabriello of tho object of his unexpected visit. 'My husband is mistaken,' she said, but Btill with that Btrango air of fear about her. I - 1 am quite well. It is only a little weak | ness, that will puss off. I am glad to see you, Dr. Wober, an ft friend. I do not re asire medical advice,' Bravely as sho spoko sho could not com mand her voice ; licr eyos filled with, tears. Team camo easily now. 'Well, well, madiime,'' suid Dr. Wober, 'behold mo as a friend, not a physician.' During tho ensuing fortnight ho paid several visits to Crow's Nest, and making quiet observance of Gabriello arrived at a conclusion. ' Sho must have change of air and change of scone,' ho said to Maubray. 'Of the two I bcliovo tho latter is the moro important. She lias something on lier mind over which she is brooding, and tho quiet routino of her life may bo injurious. Map out a three months' tour, and do not stop three days in ono place. Take her to theatres whero light pieces and light, music aro being played. A little frivolity will do noliarni.' When the project was unfolded to Gabriello she assented to it gladly, even eagerly. It was as if a weight were lifted from hor soul — from Maubray's also. His heart grew light at the relief expressed in her countonance. Ho showed her the pl.'m of the tour he had mapped out, and spoko of tho pleasure in store for them. ' Wo will start to-morrow,' he said. 'Wo!' sho cried, and the light died out of her faco. ' You, I, and Valerie,' ho said, wondering at this chango in hor. ' No, no,' sho exclaimed hysterically. 'I must go alone — alono.' ' My dearest Gabriello ? ' But sho would not listen. With a scared look around, panting and weeping, sho cried again, 'I must go alono — alone.' So great was tho violence of licr passion that he ceased to expostulate with hor. Ho would not, however, consent to her going without a companion, and aftor much urging and pleading a compromise was asrreed unon. Valerio was to aceompany her, and Maubray was to romain at homo. As, in accordance with Dr. Weber's advice, tho ladies wero to stop no longer than three days in ono placo, it was arranged that Maubray should address his letters to . tho posts restante in tho next town or city to which thoy wore bound. 'You will write regularly,' he said to Gabrielle. 'Don't mo to promise,' sho said. 'Tho moment I sit down to write a letter my head begins to aclio.' . But Valerio promised to writo two or three mes a week, and with that ho was fain to be content. So the adieux wero spoken, and thoy rode away. ' Valerie in her letters spoke more of Gabrielle than of herself. Now tho invalid was a little better, now she was not quito so well, now sho said sho was feeling a little stronger. Time and time again did Maubray express his earnest desire to join them, if only for a week or a fow days, but Gabrielle would not hear of it, and somewhat to his surprise be was dissuaded also by Valerie, who before their departure was very anxious that he should accompany them. Condemned to seclusion ho took mental refuge in work, and spent most of his time in the Ruined Tower, whero he painted from memory a marvellous portrait of his wife, absence from whom intensified the love he bore for her. He wrote long letters to the absent ones, and to Gabrielle ho poured forth his soul, writing as a young man might have dono under tho influence of tho first divine dream of love. If soinotimes in Valorio's letters there was a forced gaiety, he did not dotect it, having an eye only to tho brighter issues of this enforced separation from those he held most dear. Thus month after month went by until four had passed, and then the thunderbolt fell. One morning, without any intimation that ho was coming, Dr. Wober ascended tlio stops of the Ruined To— nr. and stood in the presence of his friend CHAPTER XI. Bernard Maubray was putting the finish ing touches to the portrait of his wife, upon which until this day no eye had fallen but his own. With mingled admiration and distress Dr. Weber gazed upon tho beautiful work. 'It lives, Weber,' cried tho artist en thusiastically; 'it almost breathes. What say you?' 'It is wonderful!' roplied* Dr. Weber, oppressed by the mournful news he was intrusted to communicate. Tho sad noto in tho doctor's voice drew Maubray's attention to him ; but ho turned the noxt momont to tho engrossing creation of hia loving fancy. 'I did not wish you to sco it,' ho con tinued, ' until it was completed. ? It has boon my principal occupation these last two months, and even now I am scarcely satisfied ; it is hardly worthy of tho original, but who could hopo to fix upon canvas a face and form so perfect ? It is my gift to her upon hor roturn , when she looks upon it Bho will know that sho has lived fn my heart. Valerie's letters lead mo to expect that I shall not havo long to wait for our happy reunion.' 'I havo heard from her,' said Dr. Wefecr. ' From Gabriello ?' 'No, from Valerio.' Again the sadness of his voice attracted tho notice of tho artist, and now ho gazed, upon his friend more attentively. 'I am guilty of great selfishness,' he said, laying his hand kindly upon his friend's shoulder. 'It is tho curse of our nature. Forgive my apparent indifferenco. You are in trouble.' 'Yes, I am in troublo ; but not alono for myself, Maubray. There aro sorrows which affect us deeply through sympathy with thoso wo love.' Maubray's face grew palo as he laid aside his palette and brushes. ' You havo received a letter from Valerio. Does this sorrow touch mo ?' ' It touches you, dear friend.' ' Valorio is ill,' cried Maubray. xnen x must iu iu.-l. i. wua tuo weatt and irresolute ; thoy should not have gone without me. I must go to them at once — at once!' ' Valorio is well,' said Dr. Weber, and his voice grow more grave. 'Good God! It is Gabriello! Toll mo quickly — quickly ! Why did not Valorio write to mo? Speak, man, speak ! There is something in your faco ? ' ' Summon all your fortitude, dear friend. Valerie did not write to you direct because sho feared tho shook.' 'Tho shook!' exclaimed Maubray, a vague terror stoaling upon him. ' She is on her way home ; sho will soon bo here.' ' With Gabriello — oh, thank God ! Gabriello is ill, but we will nurse her into health. My care, your skill ? ' His agitation overpowered him, and ho j could not proceed. | 'Valerio comes alone,' said Dr. Webor, solomnly. ' Alone ! ' 'Dear friend, there are griefs which need all our strength to bear. They come to all men ; it 1- tho human lot. But in the midst of our anguish we must not bo rognrdleaa of thoso who aro still loft to us, and wIiobo love will help to softon ovon tho bittore.it strr-koi of destiny. The senso of duty remains ; faith remains ; and Time, tho healer, will mitigata our sufferings.' ' Gabrielle is dead ! ' said Maubray in g muffled tone, uad turned his fnco to tho wall, ' Alan ! ' In that one word tho rovolation was clearly made. For many minnlos neitlior spoke , Jhen Dr. Webor said, 'Valerie asked mo to «-reak tho sad nows; sho enclosed a lctterjor you.' 'Leave mo, Wobor,' said tho bereaved mail. ' Do not speak, I cannot bear it. Sha is gone! Gone!' He sank into a chair, and covored his faco with his hands. A black desolation fell upon him ; joy died out of tho world ; nothing but pain and sorrow remained. The imago ol Gabriello presented itsolf to him, as lie first saw her in Paris wlinn love touohed his heart ; as ho last saw hor when sho departed with Valerie. Had ho but known — had ho but known ! Tho imago slowly faded, and the world was dead. Ho did not weep ; tho blow was too nrushini'- for tlin relipf nf fonru Dr. Wober placed Valorio's letter on the table, and softl}' loft tho room. It was a full hour before ho stirred from his recumbent attitude, and whon ho raised his head his eyes rested upon tho portrait of Gabriello. He had depicted her with a smilo upon her face, and her lips seemed to bo opening in the act of speaking. Was it possible that this dumb canvas should live and sho ho dead ? No, it was not possible ; some deceit had been practised upon him. But Valerie's letter dispelled this delusion ; the words swam in his sight, but reached his senso. ' Sho died in peace. Dear father, bo comforted.' A smile, bitter in its rebollion against the inevitable, came from his lips. ' Bo comforted ! ' What could comfort a man living in a dead world ! This was a great tragedy in Bernard Mau bray's life, but in tho heart of this tragedy was a secret, mercifully liiddon from him by Valerie, tlio.knowledgo of which would havo overwhelmed liim with a deeper despair nnd a deathless horror ; a secret which woidd havo shaken to its foundations his belief in human and Divine goodness. Mercifully spared in deed, though his anguish was sufficiently poignant, without that bitter knowledge which lay hidden in his daughter's breast. So overwhelming was tho desolation of his soul that the presence of his dear child brought no comfort ; that tho presence of Madame Hart inanu, who came from Paris to consolo him, brought no comfort ; that seeing them day by day, with the consciousness that tboy were watching his misery with sympathetic eyes, animated only with the loving desiro to find a way to mitigate it, was an ndded torturo to him. ' What oan we do for you, dear Bernard f' said Madame Hartmann. 'Leavo mo to myself,' ho replied. ' Nothing will help me but solitude. I must U' iiiunu i' wicawu Willi ill V grcei. So it fell out — for their pleadings woro useless — that Valerio was onco moro banished from his home, and returned to Paris with her aunt. ' You are not angry with me, father ?' sho ?.sked him on tho day of her departure. ' Angry with you, my child ? No — no !' 'You will send for me ! You will lot mo como home again !' 'Whon I am at peace, Valeric, when I suffer less, I will send for you.' Ah, the pity in her faco— tho tender com passion with which she embraced the father she loved and honoured ! Was it treachery that sho should keep her secret close, tho secret that brought hot blushes to her cheeks, hot tears to her eyes, in tho solemn watches of the night ? No, it was tho truest mercy. It lay in its grave at peace, but no grave so deep as to help hor to forget. To the last hour of her life its memory would remain. For two years Bernard Maubray kept. him. self secluded in Crow's Nest, admitting no friend or acquaintance with the single ex ception of Dr. Weber, and he came uninvited. Upon the first occasion, indeed, Dr. Weber forced himself upon his frieud, alarmed by the reports which reached him of tho state of Maubray's health. 'It is useless to expostulate,' said Cbo doctor; '1 am here, and here I intend to remain. Fiienls are scarce, and I do not intend to lose mine if my poor skill can save him. You are not over- pleased to see mo. Very Rood — or rather, very bad. Neither am I over- pleased to see you in tho stato you aro. My dear Maubray — my dear Maubray ! ' The underlying affection in this little speech brought a faint rosponsivo smile to Maubray's lips. ' I aui glad to sea you, Weber,' ho said. ' Forgive the coldness of my welcome.' ' I will forgive everything whon I see tho Maubray of old before me. Not this Maubray that I see now — why, my dear friend, you aro like a ghost ! Now let us be practical. What is the inattor with you?' ' I cannot sleep.' 'For how long has this been so ?' ' Many months.' ' I am going to examine yon. No protests ! I know my business, and you know yours. No denviiiLr that : and no denviinr either that to waste a talent — a God-given talent — is a heinous sin. How many pictures have you painted this last year ?' 'Not one.' 'Then you havo long arrears to pull up. You shall paint my portrait, so that a fitting presentment of inysolf may go down to an ungrateful posterity.' ' I cannot do it.' 'You shall do it. It is tho only favour I havo ever asked of you, and I will not bo denied. I will givo you tho first silting to-morrow. Remember, I am your physician.' ' I cannot put brush to canvasHill I got somo sleep.' 'I wilt ensure you sleep; the lonoly life you are leading is suHiciont to destroy your nerves and your brain. When did you hear from Valerie last ?' 'Yesterday.' 'Is sho well?' ' Sho says so.' 'When did you writo to her last?' 'A fortnight ago.' There was reproach in tho glance Dr. Webor cast upon Maubray, and ho folt it. Lifo was boginning to stir within him ; the friendly iinperiutisness, the lioai'thy boistor ousness of the doctor wcro telling upon the naturally healthy organisation of the artist. if, ...... ...-U sweet a girl as Valerie — your only child, who loves you devotedly.' ? ' Do I negleot her?' ' Would you ask that question a second time, Maubray?' ' No. You aro right in much that you say, in much that you imply. But you see, I am worn out. Tho curse of sleeplessness un balances me.' Although Dr. Weber did not approve of opiates, ho recognised the necessity of thom in this case. But ho found that ordinary remedies were powerless to produce tho need ful repose, and ho was compoiled to have recourse to a deadly drug of his own pro paring, which had tho desired effect. In a fow days Maubray's eye was brighter, hia skin was regaining its natural colour. Tho drug Dr. Webor administered was a dissolv ablo powder, and ono of its virtues was that it was tasteless and colourless, and that it imparted 110 flavour to the liquid in which it was dissolved. Thus a person taking it unaware would not suspect its presence, and this peculiarity rendered it dangerous. So great was the benefit Maubray derived from it that he insisted upon being supplied with several doses for use, if needed, at some future time when tho doctor's personal ser vices might not bo available. Complying with this request, Dr. Weber was careful to explain the danger that lay in taking a larger dose -1uin ho had prescribed. ('to 71 k continukd.] IVIC — H A -rt-nool Dentists' Society has been formed ill connection with tho Dental Hospital, Port* land street, London. At tho inaugural leo ture it was stated that less than 1G per cont of school boys and girls of an average nge ol 12 do not roquiro some treatment for deoayed teeth. 