WAS IT A SPIRIT? Tho lato State Senator Walters, of Virginia, while far from being a super- titigns man, was heard on more than one occasion to say that ho could not altogether disbelieve in ghosts. Ho made no . profession of faith in spectral apparitions, . but, acaording to his owu account, was withheld from denial of them by the recollection of a siDgle very straugo occurrenoe. One afternoon, in the autumn of 1884, ho was looking for deer in a lonely valley- witliiu ten iailcs of the town of Pincknsy, Virginia, when ho struck iuto a narrow road much over grown with weeds, aud evidently un used for a, long time. After a bit lie came to a house whioh likowise showed signs of disrepair, having been deprived even of its wiudows and doors—pro bably because those useful articles had been deemed by somebody worth carry ing away. On this account the dwell ing had a singularly blank and unho mu- like appearance, and the senator was. rather surprised to see a' man standing on tho dilapidated porch in front. The man had his hands in his pockets, and wore a pair of bhic-jeaus overalls, a check" shirt, and no hat. His hair was red. Ail of these points were distinctly noted by the senator, who paused and shouted a cheerful salutation. No reply being elicited,, he shouted again ; but the person o.i the porch appeared -to take not the slightest notice. It scented very | rude, but the senator was "aflxioUs -to get- a bit of information 'as to game, and so. ho approached the house - .through . a gap in the miserable fonce, the gito of which was absent, .As lie came', near,, however, the man in the check 'shirt and blue- jeans turned and walked slow ly into tha deserted dwelling, disap pearing from view. "Hello!" cried the senator "on niount- ing the porch and arriving at the door way ; but there was no response. He began to bo indignant, and prerently made up his mmd to enter and hunt up the man in the biue-jeaus. ,Hiis, indeed, scorned easy enough; but, to his great surprise. -nobody was to be found ; tho house was absolutely empty. He searched it inside and out, but the , man was gone. There' was no /'cellar, and, the dwelling/- having/ only-: four rooms, a complete inspection wak uot diffiouit. . " Nevertheless, it- was fruit less, and at length the sciiator ; gave it up. Shouldering his gun, he strug gled back to the wretched road' through the tali weeds that grew where once had been a vegetable garden ; but be fore - going ou he glanced back/ and there again- on the.poron was the red headed man in the check shirt. This was too much. "I say!" | cried tho senator, " what do you wean h-y running away when a gentleman wants to speak with you?" . Tho man made no reply. He still kept fris hands in his pockets, : and seemed to be looking in another direc tion. Naturally- this made Senator Waiters very angry. He walked again towards the house,, which was /only' about . thirty-five -yards distant, aud again tho. person m the blue-jeans turned in a leisurely way and disap peared inter tho ruined dwelling. Once more tho visitor outcfed, looked every where,, and found nobody Though re luctant to abandon the search, ho' gave it up; finally, returning to the road. Then, as he looked back,, he saw the i man again on the porch, in the same attituda as . before. . By this ' time the senator was hot with rage.- 'Hollo I" : he shouted- again. "If you don't answer mo within ten seconds I'll put- a dose of buckshot into ryoru!';' . , . : Still the man paid 110 attention,- and, having counted -the. ten: seconds/ tho ;seaator slowly raised his guo to his shoulder: and fired. He , was .a first-' rata shot, and was certain that he could -not have missed ; yet , the I man stood there just as beforo, motionless, not eyen turning, his head. , .As ' maj' be imagined, tho senator was, thunderstruok. . Hastily leaving the (road ho once more approached the .bouse,- and as he did so . the man in the overalls turned, in the same leisure ly manner as before and disappeared within the dwelling. There was a con siderable spaco of clearing all around tho deserted residence,- and. no oppor tunity whatever w.aB offonfed for hid ing ; hence the amazement-of-Mrr W ti'- tors when, for the third timo, i./ searched tho premises and discovered nobody. Extremely puzzled, and at the samo time very- angry, ho at last rhsumcd his jquruoy. But-, us before, ho glanced back, arid there, was tho- person in tlio check -suit; standing on tho porch, with his. -hands in his pockets and looking as if nothing hud occurred. . ' At this , stage of the proceedings, said the senator, iu .telling tho story, ho became frightened. It seemed ob vious to him that something very much out of the. common was at work. He made no further attempt .at investiga tion on the spot ; but when hp got homo he set on foot sin inquiry into the history of the deserted houso, suid- learned that its former occupant and owner bad been a" man named John ston, who was murdered iu cold blood by a friend with whom he bad a dis pute. r 