♦ A ' wormy wooer' is the biting way in which a humorous London versifier refers to the lover ' who~craw s in sentimental verse at his lady's feet.' Sir Herbert Maxwell, M.P., author of that fine work, -The Life of the Duke of Wellington,' tells this story of the late John Buskin. A friend of his about thirty years ago called on Buskin, whom he found in a bad fit of the blues. Buskin said, ' Oh, if I only had the power I would destroy every word I have ever written up to this hour.' If this had been done by Buskin the world would have lost * Modern Painters,' 'The Stories of Venice,' and the 'Seven Lamps of Architecture.' Lady Arnold has edited a birthday book for early publication. A feature will be twelve new poems by Sir Edwin Arnold. Aubrey Thomas de Vers celebrated his 89th year recently. He is pro bably the oldest poet living. His first book of verse was published sixty years Ago. 'David Harum,' whose author (E. N. Wescott) died just when his book was about to be published, has had a big run in England, and over 400,000 copies of the book have been sold. A rev. gentleman in London has published a book on the ' Morals of Suicides/ This is described as a pro found-and sympathetic study of the subject. It certainly opens up a wide field of speculative thought. In the new (third) edition of James Bryce's work, ' Impressions of South Africa,' the author has brought it up to date with references to the present war. This is one of the best volumes extant on South Africa. On the occasion of the recent 100th anniversary of the birth of Heine, Dr Gtustave Karpeles, a distinguished German literary historian who has devoted nearly all his lifetime to a study of the poet's work, issued an excellent/ monograph under the title of Heine—His Life and gave a masterly estimate of the poet s literary activity and of his life. This should interest Mr Paris Nesbit, Q.C., who is un doubtedly the finest Heine scholar in South Australia. Mr Nesbit returns from N.Z early in March. Clement Shorter's illustrated weekly, The Sphere, will shortly be due. Judging from advance matter it will knock a number of the other picture papers kite high. The Illustrated News crowd whom Shorter left have tried to get back at him by issuing a similar paper to be called The Spear. It will come out a week or so before Shorter's, so there is no coincidence at all about the titles. It looks like an underhand bit of biz. Fisher Unwin is issuing a pocket volume entitled 1 How to Read War News.' It will be a glossary of military and technical terms, and local African and Dutch phrases. It is brought out to supply the same old ' long felt want.' That very phrase is the greatest 'gag' wearing printers ink. The editors of the Globe, Daily Telegraph, Daily Mail, Pall Mall Gazette, Westminster Gazette all cycle. The Cambridge Magazine has brought an action for libel against the Cantab. It will be tried in Cambridge shortly and is connected with Kipling's 'Stalky & Co.,' which the former pub ishpd and the latter criticised pretty severely. Rudyard himself is subpoenaed to give evidence in the case, which should provide lively reading for the world outside the Universities. W. H. Fitchett, the Australian editor of Review of Reviews, is the subject of a very adulatory notice in a recent Literary World under the title of ' Makers of Modern Literature.' Admitting him to be a brilliant writer, the notice is without a critical line in it* and W. H. F. himself cou'd onJy read it between blushes. Also there is a lot of rot in it as to Dr Fitchett being the 'root cause of the patriotic enthusiasm with which Australia has sent her citizen soldiers to South Africa. He fahn^ the martial ardour of the young • colonials, and his writ ings have given Australia the Im perialistic lead she/ wanted.' This is piling on the gush (juist a trifle too much. .. j :• ' V;.' • /• 7 The writer goes on to say, * It was more by accident than design that Mr Fitchett made his plunge into litera ture. In Melbourne—where he lis Principal of a famous ladies' college and a well known Methodist minister —he has edited first a daily, then a weekly pajter, and now the Australian Review of Reviews. In that capacity he made a discovery which startled and humiliated him. He found that the young men and women of Aus tralia were growing up oblivious of the great episodes of English history, ignorant even of such events in the annals of British arms as Trafalgar, Balaklava, and Waterloo. A pas sionate * Imperialist' and a lover of the Mother Country himself, he set to work to rectify this dep'orable state of things So be wrote his first battle stories^ wrote them as well as he could, throwing his soul into his narratives, and all in the hope of firing young Australia with the M other Country sentiment. That he succeeded everybody knows.' This article is signed by A.P.—pro bably A. Patchett Martin, who with Douglas Sladen poses in London as the great Australian authorities on literary matters. Quiz rises to re mind the gentleman in London that Mr Fitchett scarcely made the startling discovery. Somebody else made it, and the gentleman in question was Admiral Cyprian Bridge, who sug gested to the editor of the Argus that a number of articles might be pub lished on the anniversaries of famous victories or else a set of articles on the heroic deeds of our forefathers, fitchett was hired to do the job, and right well he did it certainly, but he scarcely discovered the idea. By the way, a redhot Imperialist and battle splasher like Fitchett must find it hard to fit in his ideas with W. T. Stead and his pro-Boer sentiments in running the Review of Reviews, which seems to have somersaulted 4 summat' judging by the glorious war number just issued. * 4 Book' teas are hardly flourishing in Adelaide at the present time. Any how, they are rather boring sort of luncti^^^il^ut a London journalist rebentiy enjoyed himself at one where the! man /Vith the'padlock on bis boot was * Iiocke on the Human Under standing.' A stout gentleman with 4 ans'on a piece of paper, was 4 The Last of (the M^icans.' The charni ifig hostess had a bit of the Times birth column pinned to her frock, that was * The Newcomes.' One man worn his wife's portrait as ' Life's Handi cap '—a libel on all wives. Professor Sylvanus Thompson had four seals with the word 'Cape' printed on them; that was 4 Impressions of the Cape/ though some gave it as 4 A Stuay in Scarlet/ and another man, said it was the ' Book of Revelations. Another man wore a bit of paper with these letters:—4 m, n, o, p, gf. r, s, v> w> y> z'; thatr was ■ ^Letters from Hell.' In the middle of ^e pi^, ceedings mine host became agitated; he said there was a guest in the hall who seemed to be taking a bath. It was only a man who had brought a collapsib'e indiarubber bath with him and was a&king; the footman lor a can of water. He was hastily pulling on some rubber wading-boots when, I, like the Queen's Proctor, intervened. ' You let me alone,' he said, in dignantly; 4 I'm going to bring this bath into the drawing-room for my book, and sit in it. What d'yott think I am T 4 Mad or intoxicated,* I said, sternly. But he was only 4 On the Face of the Waters.' His idea was to fill the bath and sit in it in the drawing-room. That was why he had put on his fishing boots. A ghost story is said to have been told by Browning about the late Mr Ruskin, and is reproduced in Sir Algernon West's book. When Mr Ruskin was a young man staying in a valley in Switzerland he came upon a field left waste because the villagers told him it was haunted, 4 for all the children, but not one of we, can see an old man sitting under a tree.' Ruskin ridiculed the idea* but some time afterwards he left the place and went to a village fifteen miles off. Remembering the story, he asked the family in whose house he lived, whose members had never left their native hamlet, if he might take their young daughter for a visit to the place he had left. They consented, and he drove her over. As they approached the field he said to the little girl, ' Your eyes are younger than mine; tell me if you can see anyone V 4Ho body, she said, 4 except an old woman sitting under the tree/ 4 Well,'said he, 4 what is she like V 41 can only see her backand then suddenly; with a voice of fear, 4 Oh I she has turned now and I can see her face; with two holes where her eyes should be.' 