ENTERTAINMENTS. THE BROUGH SEASON. The first two pieces staged by the Brough Company at the Theatre Boyal were in marked contrast as though to emphasise the adaptability of the com- pany. "Niobe," and "Sowing the Wind," are as different as a laugh and a sigh can be, "Niobe" is one long smite-a delic- ious piece of fooling with no more sub- stantiality than a ghost. No one could reason about it, or start an argument over it. It was simply funny, exquisite- ly funny, and with that the audiences that packed the Theatre Royal on the last three days of last week were more than content. The story of the piece is fragile. A certain Peter Amos Dunn ÍB the hero. He is middle-aged, married to a wife whose sister rules the household with au iron despotism, which Dunn can- not free himself from, any more than he can empty his house of his wife's rela- tions. A friend leaves with him a fine Greek statue of Niobe. While Dunn is alone in the house, all the others having gone to the theatre, the statue is brought to life by coming in oontact with the electric light fixings of the house. She throws herself on the middle-aged Peter for protection and gives him her some- what fickle love, to his intense embar- rassment. Seeing that no one could be- lieve the real story, he steadily lies to everyone as to the laav now present in his house and gets more and more in- volved in the web of falsehood. His pre- dicaments are extraordinary, and Niobe, who is a Greek and no English woman, finds in the new laud much food for amusing speculation and horrifies "Pet ramos" as she calls him, by her sugges- tions of speedy Greek .ways of dealing with the inquisitive ladies of the house- hold. Mr. Brough took the part of Dunn and Mrs. Brough that of Niobe. Both parts were splendidly acted. Mrs. Brough was the handsome, statuesque Greek to perfection-every action graceful, every wora melodious, while Mr. Brough was as amusing as could be, whether in dodg- ing the endearments of Niobe or in argu- ments with bis wife and her relatives. The other characters, which are wholly subordinated to these two, were taken by Miss Bessie Thompson, Mus Evelyn Mar theze, Miss Temple, Miss Grace Noble, and Miss Gillies Brown, and Mr. W. T. Lovell Mr. Leslie Victor. Mr. Majeroni, Mr. Mcintyre, and Mr. Hards. On Monday "Sowing the Wind" was Ereduced, and was received with the full ouses that Perth willingly gives to a first-class company. The story of the piece is that of a man whose father has made bim disown his mistress and who, in later years, adopts a friend's son. This son finally f alb in lové with a girl, who is the daughter of the liasson referred to, but whose father does not know of her existence. The father opposes what he regards as an unfortunate entanglement. Finally the true state of affairs is revealed and the father does bis best to furthei the love match of the young couple and so fulfil, not only bis natural love for hu own daughter and his adopted son, bul the debt he owes to the woman he had loved but forsaken as unfaithful on trumped up evidence. The piece is, in ^ way, a study of the whole question ol illegitimacy which is dealt with freely ac befits the period-the early part of thu century. Mr. Brough himself took the r>art of. the father, while Mrs. Brough took that of Rosamond the heroine. Es- pecially in the lattfer scenes, when love and authority are striving for mastery, when «elf control and passion are pitted against each other Mrs. Brough was su- perb and introduced the audience to the very thoughts of the hero- ine in dignity, in anguish, in love, and in self-respect. The impersonation was one to be remembered, while th« character was queerly remote from thal of Niobe. Mr. Brough was the natur ally courteous ola gentleman, wishing tc protect his adopted son without doini injustice to others, and rose to his bes! towards the close of the piece. Th« a?gument between them of the whoi< question of the relation of tile sexes wai as interesting as it was frank. Mr. Regi nald Dartrey took the nart of the faith ful and jealous friend of the father, an< was as crusty as an old stage bacbeloi can be. Mr. Majeroni was an aggravate« villain of the saturnine type. Mr. W. T Lovell was the manly, love-stricken son and fulfilled the role well, while Mr Percy Brough and Mr. McIntyre tool minor parts. Miss Grace Noble was giggling school girl of an aggravate type, and Miss Temple and Miss Bessi Thompson filled the two other parts. On Thursday, Friday and Saturday c this week "The Liars" was to be staged while for the first three days of nos week 'The Manoeuvres of Jane" are az Ihounced. 