Ladies Letter from Paris. rants, August 25. President- Loubet and his Ministers on; Sunday lost distributed in ' tho Snllcs des Fetes tho awards at the Exhibition. The ceremony was simple, and that but ren- \- dered it the more imposing. There was on absence of foreign big-wigs, but that did not detract from the effectiveness of the scene. 1 There wero about 42,000 persons present. Each of the groups, over one hundred in number, headed their sections ; ' these defiled1 with flags und banners ; men of overy clime aqd nation, of 'every colour, and of every innguuge; as each group came forward, tho Giant Organ accompany ing with some appropriate air, it received fromM. Loubet its list of awards. It' was all over by lialf-past four. - On returning to the Elysee, where an outdoor soiree was held to honour tho prize-wiftners, a drun ken writer, to win a bet, broke through with groat, ease the ranks of the police. aud tho soldiers, gained the stops of the Pre sidential carriage, and deposited an en velops containing his niece's photo.' at 'the feet, of M. Loubql. That was to show there was no difficulty for an assassin to do likewise. The incidont- gave risa to no alarm. The congratulations between the prize, winners and ' their relatives and ac quaintances were very hearty nnd sincere, and the awards uppenred to give general satisfaction. Only M. Loubet and tlie Minister of Commerce delivered speeches. But the audience did not care for speeches, but enjoyed the mammoth organ instead. Bo ends lliu ringing down of tlio curtain of the World's Fair. Visitors, unless they had no other demands upon their time, could scarcely more than take a bird's-eye view of the contents of the Universal Mu seum. And they are not attractive' objects that the Big Fair wants. The day was beautifully tine. Tlio little wooden bridge connecting the Invajides with the bank of tlie Seine gave way at ten o'clock in tlie evening, when the Venetian Fete on 'tlio river was ut its height. Two persons wefo killed mid 40. wounded. ' Fragile structure, us usual. The attendance on Sunday of visitors was 430,0110. The caterers fur feeding the thousands ut tho Show, and the nruprietors of side shows nr spectacles und entertainments, are ill at ease, 'i'hev complain of nob making money, but. on ilie contrary, bemoan losing it. i'erhaps they expected to make too largo and too rapid a fortune. But there cun be no doubt that failures are unplea santly numerous. At tho Bankrupt sale of a menagerie, 'one horse butcher bought up till tlio Egyptian doiikcys, -16 iu number, and meets with a. great sale lor the llesh — ass meat ranking as most Iclicatc.. The East Indian and the Five o'C'lock Ceylon Tea-rooms are very prosperous; they are the popular meeting- places for friends. The charges arc moderation itself, aud all ' is sewed mi native lines and by native women attendants. The Transvaal Pavilion is close by, and is alwaya clouded villi visitors. That does not obtain any good for the llocis; but the latter who mount guard tiiero do not luoh angelically cn'ihe Bri- tisher Hoino 1,366 . American tourists, mostly ladies, und teachers of National Echonlg, had saved up for a trip this year to Eu rope. They" were to visit l'aris, Geneva, Florence, and Venice, following, as tlic-y puul 1,756 m.d 2,300 (runes or their ticket. They mostly belong to the new society, Christian Endeavour. The two Germim ships clvirler-eil were ourned in Urn recant tire in New York harbour. This caused delay The tourists nit lauding in Europe found Ihut their railway coupons were no use, when the uiumuut arrived for returning; their time had elapsed, and the accommodation provided at lite hotels wan lost by the sumo cause. The agent wheu writ- tin to avowed liu wus a ' iiiued muu, could do unLhing. and now 1.600 of his tourists :u-b fighting tho problem how to live, on nothing in l-luropa or how to retw-n borne on as "ntiicli. Nluny of them arc working their way to l'aris, and it is intended' to organise a special tbentricul fete to raise funds io send them home. Fashions. On a wet day serge is tho only wear;, whotr the sunshine reigns only muslins, cambric, tulle, and pique. However, iu tlin casn of young mid slim girls, check and pluid materials are. especially adopted. Fawn and. gray stuffs are also very suit able for them — if the wearers have colour. Diirlt-hliie mill navy, as well as the new shinies of red, will ever lie suitable. While ladies so strongly favour white linens, flow ered or plain cotton frucke — so cust into Ihe aliudu by the blouse und skirt idea— have been welcomed hack. They are made iu tbo pleasing uud plain housemaid skirt with the bodice bluused. Fur autumn ma terials, mohair may ba cxpeuted to be muck patronised. It will bo worn over a silk mid independent lining. Smart travelling gowns are iu tweeds. Many 'ike tho navy blue mnterinl pluin ; the sea blue, however, is ornamented with white silk. Cream al- pnoas are worn very plain, but. the ghost of a little foulnrd cun ue distinguished. They can he ornamented with embroidery aud tlie narrowest of while velvet ribbon. The sleevelets extend to tho elbows, and are called milkmaid sleeves, because resembling dairymaid's -sleeves tucked iq>. Flounced skirts .:ivo becoming general, and look charming, especially on slender figures ; some of the skirts display three rows of flounces. Tho new hut in popular, and yet tljero is nothing really to commiind distinction. It is jn l'nimna or. sunburnt straw, with a "windmill" tiow in black gloue silk or black glace ribbon; thero is not much iu the structure, and yot it is liked. There is the rustic straw hat, trimmed' with soft silk muslin. The bnt- tered or dented crown is very general since President Loubet's chimney-pot came to griqf. in the mob attack upon him. Dur ing the great hent, ladies in mourning wore tho elbow sleeves, with long white or block silk mittens instead of gloves. Tho blouso bodice will hold its own in the. light with tho tailors for the tight corset like. hodice. The autumn coatees will he very smart, display military trimming, and plenty iff buckles, . 