CATHOLIC CHURCH, CARCOAR. Oii Sunday last a meeting was held in the Bchool-rrom for the purpose of instating a movement to present a testimonial to Dr. Byrne, Bishop of Bathurst. The meeting was largely attended, and presided over by tbe Rev. J. J. Kelly, who referring to tbe fact that the Bishop for the past 34 years took no vacation ; he spoke ot his great zeal whilst on Visitation. Lately, we had his Lordship in this parish for five weeks, during wbich time he gave Confirmation in six differ ent places, opened and blessed four churches, and gave a short Mission of three days in the village of Neville. At the end of the Mission he gave Confirmation, blessed the foundation of the Church for the Catholics of Neville which he had the happiness of opening 12 month afterwards and dedicating to the Service of God under the patronage and title of St. Thomas. Whenever he came to Carcoar you yourselves have been witnesses of what he has done. He stayed, you know well, to a late hour in the Confessional, preached morning and evening to orowded congregations, com pOBed of ail denominations, who were at tracted, by the intellet, natural grace, and simplicity and eloquence of bis sermons. As God holds in his hands the destiny of man, the day of sickness and trouble will come upon us all, and in that day we need human sympathy and human consolation to sustain ns when we are physically depressed by the severe strain on the vital powers of the soul For the past six months onr beloved Bishop has been suffering from a severe sickness and his medical advisers have recom mended him absolute rest for at least twelve months. It is right and evi dent that we should on an occasion like the present, show our love and veneration for our Bishop and chief pastor ' appointed by the Holy Ghost to govern the Church of God.' The Catholics of Carcoar in proportion to their number and means arc as generous towards their priests and the Church as any in the Cojony as evidenced by their subscriptions at Christmas and Easter and the sub stantial church buildings erected at Carcoar. Sueh being the case I have good reason to believe the present occasion will be no exception, when their Bishop intends to take a trip to his native land We all hope and pray that complete rest and change of climate will speedily restore ' him to his usual health and strength, and that he will be once more amongst ns and continue the good work he so successfully carried on for the past thirty-four years. The Mayor/ (Mr. J. E. Watson) ex pressed his sincere sympathy with his Lordship in his illness, and spoke in eulogistic terms of -the zeal of Dr. Tfyi-Tio in *K« oouca nf ratio/ion, charity,, and education. He (the Mayor) was glad that the people of Bathurst and other centres throughout the diocese were showing in a practical manner their appreciation of his services. He appealed to the gen erosity of the Carcoar. people and moved — ' That this meeting deeply regrets to heav of the severe illness of the Bishop of Bathnrst, and pledges itself to use its best efforts to co operate with the Catholics of Bathurst in presenting his Lordship with a testimonial.'' Mr. O..J. Derwin, who seconded the resolution, said he knew no more deserving object for the Catholic people to assist in than this laudable work, so as to enable their beloved Bishop to visit the home of Catholicity free from financial embarrasment He trusted that the Carcoar people would show by their subscriptions that, his Lordship, Dr. Byrne, was dear to the hearts of the people of Carcoar. The motion was carried unanimously. Mr. Patrick Byrnes moved the seoond resolution, which was,—.' That thegentlemen present form themselves into a committee, and that Father Kelly and Mr J. Links, Ben , .be joint treasurers, and Mr. C. Derwin be secretary, and that a sub-committee be now- appointed.' Mr. J. Links seconded the resolution whioh was also carried unanimonsly. Subscriptions to date are: ? Rev. Father Kelly £50,Blayneysubs. £20, Sisters of Mercy, Carcoar, j£5, Con vent Boarders and Children of Mary £&, J. Links, sen. £5, J. Watson £1, P. Byrnes £1, John Fagan £10, M. A. MacDermott £1, V. B. MacDer mott£l Is, Gr. Connolly £2 2s, Mrs. C. F, Connolly £1 lg, J. J. Smith £1 Is, J. Links, jr., £1 Is, Jas. FJood £1. P. Byrnes £1, Mrs. Kelly £1, Mrs. Oallen £1, Jas. Links £1, Der win Brothers £2 2s, Jer. Smith 10/fl Jas. Smith 10/6, T. Brady 10/6, S. Donnellan 10/6, -J.. Mackie J10/6. Joe Core 10/, B. Hahn 10/, P. Links £1/1 E. Walsh 5/, W.' Healey-5/, Joha Collins 5/, Mrs Molloy, sen. 10/, A Callen 5s, J/. Finlayson 5/, W. Palmer 2/6°J, Brosnan £1/1, Mrs. Grossier 10/; total, £118 9s. 0. 