WAY© OIT Livmc-. HEARING THE NORE LIGHT. Thin ortiolo will bo limited to tho last stretch of tho Thainos, botwoon the lowor roaches and tho soa. Somo of tho most characteristic foaturoa of thio region will bo passed in review : tho quaint habits and old-world boliofo of its rosidontj, aud tho tales of comedy and advonturo told in its inn parlours or ovor tho cabin stoves of its littlo craft. Tho first question that naturally occurs ia : Whoro doc3 tho Thames ond, and tho oea begin ? Thio iu what tho nowspauors call a controverted question. Tho official boundary, itio truo, otrotcheo acrooo from Foulness on tho northern shoro to Sholl i noss on tho Islo of Shoppoy, But tho i dividing lino io genorally considered among rivor folk thomsolvos to bo marked by tho sandbank abovo which floats tho I most anciont and most famous of British I lightshipo, the *Noro Lirrht.' Sailors passing that Dutch-built bargo on an inward journoy havo a curious, but impolite, method of thoir own of saluting tho fresh wator, which thoy reckon to havo ontored at that momont, although ao a mattor of fact tho buoyant rivor wator ovorlays tho dense modium of tho sea for miles furthor out than tho Noro. And, cooing that tho Thames at this point is nearly oi:: miles wido and broaden ing rapidly with ovory outward milo, ono may loavo tho exports to wranglo ovor saline proportions and estuarino mollusca and tho rest, accepting tho vordict of tho cailor. Certain it io that tho typical Thames features— tho local shipping, rivor cus toms, rivor talk and modoa of lifo— do not oxtond boyond tho Noro. Long boforo it io reached, indeed, they havo begun to ? ouiior u. oea cnange. xno mon or tno * brokon wator/ which stretches from a littlo below Gravesond to tho sea, aro in many wayo unliko thoir brethren of tho higher reaches. For ono thing, thoy aro far moro silont than tho Cocknoyfiold boatmen and lightormon upstream. Even tho cociablo atmo3phoro of their watorsido tavorn — tho ' Smack Inn/ or tho 'Not and Goldon Anchor/ or tho ' Jolly Billy Boy' — docs not tompt thom into garrulity. It is told of ono of thoir number that having been upsot ono chill Novoinbor night and floating for two hours beforo ho was pickod up, hio solo comment on boing restored to consciousness wao tho remark, ' Wator goto cold o' nights now 1' A moro curious charactoriotic of theso I dwellers by tho lowor rivor io their super stition. This is, of course, truo to a greater or less o^tont of sailors all tho world ovor; but tho mon in question, whilst sharing in nuch widespread beliofs as tho efficacy of whistling and scratching tho mast for a breeso, and tho bad weather foretold by a howling dog, havo their own local and peculiar fanciob. Ono such superstition io that tho appearanco of a porpoiso in tho Thames, proceeding up stream, is a oure sign of a coming storm from seaward. ? It must bo a mighty stiff blow if ho can't faco it V is thoir crushing retort to tho sceptic. Many of tho inhabitants or Canvey firmly boliovo that spirit horses gallop madly about tho Island from dusk to midnight, and stoutly affirm that thoy themselves havo often hoard tho wild hoof-beats of thoso ghestly oteedo. Along tho marshy shores on oithor bank you will find votoran cailor3 to-day who will confidently assure you that thoy know, by a puculiar sound tho wator makes, whon a death by drowning io imminent. 'Tho wator keop moanin', moaninV s aid ono of tho3Q prophots last spring# ' and that show it want someone. I don't reckon it'll run o£ ohoro agon wi'out him/ But ho was wrong : no ono wa3 drowned along that coast until next tido, whon thoro wero two victims. Anothor quaint belief, which was onco common along our coa3t3, but io now dying fa3t oleowhoro, still survivos — at least among tho older generation — in tho Kentish rivor fiat-s. This is that tho sick folk, if truo nativo born, cannot dio until tho obb-tido ha3 begun to run. Tho belief io at loast a3 old no Shakespearo'o day ; for did not Falotaff dio * just botweon twolvo and ovon oven at tho turning o' tho tido'P And those rivor folk atill cay confidontly of a oufforor, ' Ho must wait) for tho tido/ 'Whon thoir prediction is fulfilled tho puzslod doctors talk of ' oGorto of will powor' ; whon it iu falsified tho prophot3 explain that tho dead man, or his father boforo him, was roared inland. And superstitions flourish among tho crows of tho kotches, oystor-boat3, and othor small craft of thio diotrict. As an instanco may bo montioncd their dread of a 'dogging star1 — ono shining near and apparontly following tho moon. Thio io regarded a3 ominous of torriblo tompo3to ; and natives of the region in question havo boon known to rofuso to sail from London in a sea-going vo3sol because of such an apparition in tho night heavons. Ghosts appear to trouble thom but littlo, although a cortain small cchoonor making coasting runs betweon Gravesend and tho Kont and Essex seaboard is always affirmod to bo haunted by a formor skipper who sprang overboard years ago in a drunkon frenzy, and was drowned, i This shado, according to tho statomont of ! an avowed oyo-witnoso, is by no means terrifying, but morel} frequonts, in harm less and sooimngly aimless fashion, tho ! aft companion that wao hio favourito resort in tho flesh. Onco ho wao actually good-natured onough to arouso tho man at tho whcol, who had fallou asleep at hio post and in a few cccondo would havo put tho cchoonor ashoro abovo Thames Havon. Tho mato of tho vessol, howovor, who boing London brod io ocoptioal of thio useful ghost'o oxiotonco, suggests that it waa tho flash ing light from tho scrow-pilo lighthouso at Mucking Flat which awoko tho slumborer co opportunely. A strange articlo of faith provalont in theso craft, as perhaps oleowhoro, is that it is unlucky to express yoursolf as ' glad to bo alive/ or in any such phraso. As j tho Eusox farmer thought concerning 1 balloons, thoy rogard thoso expressions as | 4 farin' bumptious' to tho good and evil powers aliko, who may tako oummary vengeance on ouch presumption. Tho town-reared skippor of a local sail ing craft recently had a curious losson in tho superstition of tho district. On tho occasion of his first run from Shoornoss in his now command ho took on boa.rd with him a favourito black cat whioh had travelled of ton onough with its master from Blackwall. The wind* whioh was fresh at tho start, died away suddenly and the tido having ncarcoly turned was too young to oorvo them appreciably. For an hour thoy drifted at a snail's paco ; thon tho broozo freshonod as suddenly as it had died down, and tho trip to Greonhitho was complotod in comfort. But on reaching thoro tho now okippor found that his cablo Thomas had dicappeared. Questioning his mon, one of thom spoko of having 'heard a cplr.sh-liko' whilo thoy lay bccalmed; and tho cat's master could only conclitdo that in como inorplicablo fashion bin pot had fallen overboard or committed nuido. Mentioning his loss to a neighbour on hio return, tho disconcolato okippor was grcotcd with roars of unaympathotic laughtor. 1 Why, don't you know that a I black cat kills tlio wind ?' ho was asked. 'It is lergoly boliovod in horcaboots, anyway, ilo doubt yours was blamed for tho calm, and to break tho spoil poor old puss was weighted round tlio nock and dropped ovorsido as an offoring of appease mont to tho wind-godu.' But there is mush besides local oupsi. stition to bo related of tho lowor Thames, A familiar eight along tho Esse:: chore of tho rivor is tho ' Geordio/ or coal-brig, plying botweon one or cthor of tho Tyno sido collieries and tho Thames. Of theso craft tlio rivor-oidorn are caid to 1 curso tho okippor and bleas tho crow/ For whilo tho latter aro stalwart, hardy Nortumbnano, such plucky sailors as to extort tho praise of our critical Thame* sites, tho shipmasters are tho oubject of much chaff and many ' yarns/ the point of both modes of criticism boing that they aro not exactly ronownod for oithor navigation or total abstinonco. Ono Geordio'o okippor. homeward bound in ballast, is caid to havo passed tho Mouse lightship on his port beam, and proceeded opirituouoly on hio way north. Four hours lator, whon hio hasy reckon ing showed tho vessel to bo oH Harwich, an unknown lightship hovo in eight to starboard, ' Light, ahoy ! 'Who on earth 'r you ?' lio grottcd tho strangor. ' Mouso !' camo an anoworing shout. 'Nothor of 'om' oh?' tho okippor was heard to mutter. 'Too bad, too bad! Speak to tho Trinity Houso about it — ? timo thoy had a monse-trap in theso parts '.' It wao a brothor skipper who, when asked by his mato to set a courso outward from Gravesend, oheorfully and with hiccoughs told hio questioner to 'keep tho ohoro on hio port (loft) beam until ho mado Sunderland!' In tho intricacies of tho Thames channels ouch advico is about as ono countryman's direction of anothor to a cortain hotel : ' Yoou mun just waalk thrcough Lunnon an' boar a bit to th' roight '.' Theso stories of intoxicatod masters recall an incident for whioh tho writer can personally vouch. Tho okippor of a liandcomo 'mixed' yuuuuAiyurj uuui, uuuwj] between an East London wharf and tho West of England, was terribly addicted to drink. Coming down Thames ono aftornoon undor orders to call at Sheor ness ho insisted on taking chargo, although in a hopelessly muddled state. Tho mate, nearly frantic with anxiety, managed now and thon tj issuo cecrot orders to tho crow, by whioh moro than ono imminent disaster was avoided. Thus thoy mad© thoir way down stream till tho rivor widoned and tho mato bogan to breatho freoly again. Thon tho captain on tho bridgo insisted on standing ovor to tho north shoro, and whon hio subordinato remonstrated actually threatened to put him in irons. So, amid tho grumblings of tho mato and tho skipper's fluent oaths, tho boat jog ged along to a cortain town on that sido of tho Thames estuary, whoro moro by luck than judgmont oho brought up with out disaster at tho landing stage. Foreseeing serious troublo, tho faithful mato would havo hurried his chief bolow out of sight; but that ofilcor would not ! quit his post, and greeted tho piormastor a3 follows (omitting only tho curses and drunkon slurs that punctuated it) : ' Horo, mister, what's tho moaning of this, oh ? Don't try to dony it, sir 9 (croscondo), 'You'vo stolon it, sir — you'ro a common low thief, and I'll havo you pros-prosecutod' (fortissimo). ' Wot'o tho row ?' laconically inquired tho much'abuced official, 'You villain— you thieving villain!' screamed tho skipper. ' Answor mo this instant, sir — what havo you dono with my SIcdwajr ?' And in his grief at this robbery of a wholo rivor ho burst into toarG. That pioco of folly cost him his master's cortificato ; and nowadays, if you want to onrago tho red- faced steward of a certain ' day trip' boat on tho Thames, you havo only to ask him innocontly which oido of tho river is. the Medwoy, 