LITERARY NOTES FROM LONDON. (From our Special Correspondent.) London, April 27, 19C0. 1' en" ot The present generation, l iear, know much more of Cowper's poetry tluin "John Gilpin," "X'iic loss of t'iie Royal George,"^ and several favo rite hymns. But the 'bard has still ardent admirers amongst older folk, and these are gathered together at Oiney litis week, celebrating his centenary On Wednesday came the opening of the Cowper Museum in Cowper's house, and the reading of papers on the. good man's sanity by Mr. Shorter, and on his -work by Dr. Robertson 2+icail. In the-evening the Copper 'hymns were-sung at a. special service, and Dean Farrar preached. I am Philistine enough myself to believe that the Cowper cult is a little bit <rf an affec tation, and that the poet will live chiefly through "God moves in a mysterious way " and the aforesaid "John Gilpin," of wliicii, when well- illusfccated, chfildren_ never tire. Anyhow, Mr. Stead's edition of Cowper in the Penny Poets contains all even the avid reader could possibly want to know of his work. I Tie announcement tliat the failure of that -old-established firm-of publishers, Ap pletoas, is largely due to heavy losses in curred through selling the "Hundred Best Books,'" &c.;, 071 'the new instalment sys tem, does not surprise me. I expect in deed some of the .English newspapers car rying on this delectable game will be badly bitten before they're done. The "En cyclopaedia Britannica" and the '"Cen tury" dictionary were safe experiments, as only responsible and presumably monied individuals could want such ponderous possessions. But the first 50 years of '?'Punch" at a low price will -tempt a far larger class, and the "Daily News" has sold several thousands of its edition of Dickens. The margin of profit in the latter case cer rainly won't stand rtony 'bad debts. The -death- of Robert Louis Stevenson's cousin, R. A. if. Stevenson., at the age of 33, deprives-a. large ciTele of friends of a good fellow and a delightful companion. He wasa.maii.of brilliant parts, who ought to have made a. far more striking mark in the workl than he did. When. 1 met him first years ago he v.ms a painter. Then^he became arc professor art Liverpool Uni versity, and final'ly Fettled down into arc critic for the "Saturday Review" and the "Pall Mall Gazette." The "Academy" al leges he was "the young man- with the cream tarts" of R.L.S.'s "Suicide C!nb. 1 never heard this, but there can be no doubt he-was Spring-heeled Jack in "Talk and Talkers." Here is the passage from "Talk and Talkers," describing Spring heeled Jack:-"The very best talker with me is one whom I shall call Spring-heeled Jack. I say so, because I never knew any one who mingled so largely the possible in gredients of con-verse. In the Spanish proverb fourth man necessary* to com pound a salad is a madman to mix it: j Jack i.a -that madman. I know not which is more remarkable-the insane lucidity of his conclusions, thehumorous eloquence of his language, or his power of method, bringing the whole of life into the focus of the -subject treated, inixrng the conver sational salad like a drunken god. He doubles like the serpent, changes and flashes like the shaken kaleidoscope, trans migrates bodily into the views of others, and so, in the twinkling of an eye, and with a heady rapture, turns questions in side -out, and' flings them empty before you on the ground, like a triumphant conjuror. It is my common practi-ce when a piece of conduct puzzles me to attack it in the pre sence of Jack with such grossness, such partiality, and such wearing iteration, as at length shall spur him up in its defence. In a moment he transmigrates, dons the required character, and with moonstruck philosophy justifies the act in question. I can fancy nothing to compare with the vim of these impersonations, the strange scale of language, fl\"ing from Shakespeare to Kant, and from Kant to Major Dyng well As fast as a musician scatters-sounds Out of an instrument the sudden, sweeping generalisation, the afosnrd irrelevant particularities, the wit, wisdom, folly, humor, eloquence, and pathos, each startling in its kind, and yet all luminous in- the admired disorder of their combination" Mr. Charles Hands, who is doing such ex cellent work for the "Daily Mail" in South Africa, vice poor George Steevens, was a reporter on the "Star" when I first met him, nine years ago. With O'Connor, Massingham, Parke, Lionel Springfield, Charles Hands, LeGallienire, AValkley, and others, the "Star" had then a remark able staff, and the makings of a really po tent newspaper. But after O'Connor and Massmgham left, it slid into mere sensa tionalism, and politically no one cares a dump what it says nowadays. Mr. Parke, the indefatigable manager, would have or dered things differently had his board of directors permitted, but their policy has always been the utterly ruinous one of "keep the expenses down." I could mention a journal-a weekly-that used to be a splendid property, and is now "on the verge of ruin all through "keeping the expenses down." A sound .staff by this means faded slowly away into a duffer's brigade, and when the editor repented and tried to re construct his surroundings rigid; men were not available. On -the other hand the "Academy" is a brilliant example of what capacity, patience, and money will do for even the mostteeemingly forlorn venture How much money had been pestered away in the paper before Lewis Hind took it up I shouldn't care to guess. Suffice it to say that after . many experiments and ceaseless energy he has made it tne popu lar literary weekly, and hit even the stolid old "Athenaeum" hard. The Easter holidays have brought with them a flood of sixpenny reprints, the most important being Crawford's "iSaraeinesca" and Oraia's "Held In Bondage." The for mer -everybody read lo-ng ago, but the latter I (for one) never could gc?t through. It has all Onida's gaudy extravagances with out any -of hey virtaes. "Saracinesca," be sides btan^u-capital tale, is full of life and vigor, and contains the best account of a duel in modern fiction. The melancholy Spieca, with his uncanny personality and his -deadly skill, is a character never to be forgotften, though 'he flits through barely half a dozen pages of the Travel. The sequels to "Saracinesca," viz.. "St. Ilario," "Don Orsino," and "Casa Braecio," will follow shortly in: a "people's edition." Talking of sequels renrinds me Hhalb Miss. G'leig ("tydxtey Grier") 'has ii "Kings of ] the -East' continued 'the series of political novels she began so well in "An Un crowned King" and "A Crowned Queen." Once more tlie ambitions Count Mortimer is the central figure, and. we are plunged into a great plot for restoring the .Jews to Palestine. Seariy all the Thraeian nota bilities of ilhe previous, stories are reintro duced, and we have conspiracies galore. "Whether folks Who have not read "A. Crowned Queen" wall care much for it I doubt. The success of Major Arthur Griffith g V "Ford's Polly, Limited," has been suffi ciently great to induce John Slacqneen republish 'his clever detective story, "Fast and Loose." Tin's novel ;bas--a curious his-' tory. It was-brought ont'by Chapman and. Hall in 1885, and at once recognised bv re viewers as one of the best tales of the Caijoriau order in the language. But some how it failed to set the Thames afire. Then- the-- experiment was 'tried of boiling the book down, knocking oat pretty well a third, and bringing it forth as a shiffing "shocker." In-this form "Past-aiid Loose" .had a large-sale, but it was, in my opinion,, spoilt. The ingenious bank robbery, whitih forms' the gravamen of the plot, is founded on fact, and the astute detective, Faske, was easily identified by those with Scot land Yard ait their fingers' ends. The scenes in Portland Prison are-drawn from life, the author 'having himseifiieen -gover nor of more than one penal settlement. '"Tile "Valley of the- Great Shadow," Mra. tee Hamfl ton's (Amnio HoklswocSr's) Tiew novel, is a grisly story, dealing -wifh tie same subject as "Ships That Pass in the Sight." The scene is laid at one of the winter cures for corrsuSnption in the ihigh latitudes of Switzerland, probably rlie En gadine, a-nd we mate rhe- acquaintance of a numlber of patients in various stages of the disease. There are many acutely pathetig scenes, "but Mrs. Hamilton doesn't lighten the-subject as 3fis Harraden did" in fact a more depressing bock (for all its clever ness) I dont remember to 'have come across. Apropos of John Murray's sumptuous new -six-aMlling edition of Sorrow's books, we are reminded that- tiie then head of the firm didn't at all like piibKshing 'fciie " Romany Eye" in 1855. A small ficst edition went off ail right, but a second of 750 Copies lasted 14 years. Then .the literary world "disio vered" Borrow, and -now you. can buy ."Ii'AvCTgro" and its sequel at any price from -sixpence to ialf a guinea. The nrs't of the numerous siege books threatened appears to-day. It is the pri -vate diary kept during the investment of Kimlbedey by Dr. E. Oliver Ashe, of Kkn beriey Hospital. . Although che-<srul5t*iri- . operations are touched ort by the au'tihor, the book deals- mainly -with the social side of the siege. It is entitled "Besieged by the Boers, and published by 'Messrs. Hut c'hinson. . /. 'The l?arrhiadons" is,.as I recenibr told yon, a.-distinctly dever arovel; still, if ."Miss o'f an es-Cahinefc Minister I dou!bt if toe papers wttuld 'have enlhused quite »o . feensivelv albout her book. Its chief id! to me is its artificiality. *«ne < characters seem exactly real. ^vfn,;^,n" Ballon and Jfe. Hankey are not draun from life, but merely types. An,mr^ue"';; cross-examining the fail" auuujre.:^,- ^ some rather pertinent.questions, commenc ing by identifying "Silverhampton varh Wolverhampton. confeasei& Fowler. "I have described the county t-ound "Wolverhampton, and ^ei-hue is Staffordshire. My villagers ta'- : Jith \cn Mile dialect in s-pite oi-their coua.ry^-ay., but then v-ae dialect m that part is strong. Throughout my took I nave onlv used two local words, viz., i 'roaded.' Sedgehill is a real place, chmigh I have altered its name somewhat, i supposfo- yea 'have "been about a. asSnSihe -people there? when vou describe your village wo-rtnies, .vtrs Bateson and Mrs. Haukey, and tte «£" partytotesfcThe new nrads porcine pies yo.i were not entirely drawing on your imagina tion ?" "I am afraid I have not been aiout amongst -those Staffordshire people very rnnehsaid Miss Fowler. "The character* vou mention are. almost purely imajBiwx>. Except the remark Mrs. Bate^on makes be fore her pies have passed the bala^ensi^ which was really made, she is ab^luke.y without foundation in 'f;\ct._ I mean, Tea she sirs to her huaband, berore the anxious moment when the pies must be_put "}to the oven, 'Bateson, I've done my hesi: -mta them; and if only tire Lord _wiQ be wrtfl them in rhe-oven, they 11 he bhe -bej-t Jjatdi of T»ie.s this side Jordan, sire did no. mea-n it in the least irreverenily. -inu Mrs. Hanker has aibaut as little ?oundatron except that there aginn one or her remar.3 was rcallv made. Yon wOl remcmoer tha. she savs/'Now the weddings are-oyer, the ftmends will soon 'begin.' ^ ^ 3D,£ J"" one of those persons .whe^are never happ/ unless they are tnrhappy. _ "But real!*"," continued Miss Fowler, .'.both Mrs. Bateson and Mrs. Hankev are very typical of Methodism. All that Isar in Tuy hook, not onh" about the Thrnng dons themselves, as educated Me Jiodist,-, but about the-pillagers, as typmed by the Bateson family, is-'perfectly true, ^id -not at- all an exaggerated. picture of Merhod '"Method'isin rtciuaT3y tit to-day, or Me thodism of a generation ago. "Oh well," Miss Fowler said, Me thodism rather -of some years a£o than ac tually of to-day. And ain have said about their extreme reverence and occasion/" seeming irreverence ia quite c* I am talkinc now of "Wesleyan Me&odism;, and.-not cf Nonconformists in general. The young m?.n who does literaiy pars for the Sunday "Sun" under the P^" donym of "Wentworth Smee, says itna yand Kipling, suggested the navy" series to him. '"As, however," he savs, 'ail my knowledge of the navy was limited to ?mp dances. I felt, that I had better let the navv alone. So Kipling did the axtieles himself, with "She resnit that the-worid was , the richer by 'The Meet in Bsmg. An other favorite -subject of Krplmgs *k as t-ne possibilities of what might 'happen to a man in a London fog. The-idea also struck Robert Barr very forcibly, and when i was lunching with itrm one day he got so car ried away 'by it as to plan -££ story, in which a highly re.-?pecta!ble man, who hated an other highly respectable^ man, was to walk up behind number one in the fog and per colate him with a howie knife. lnen aie ghost of the mnrdered man was to dog the other in 'the fog and make him 'unkind to hisseff.' I don't know whether the story ? was ever written. Barr "probably forgot all about it. I had the privilege 01 inti nmte fellowship with Robert 13a rr a't one time, i.e., 'He was t'l>e stately editor, and I "was "the meek and Icrwly sub. When he -y^as feeling 'just right7 he would tell Tne dozens of plots for stories, and pronrptly forget all about thetn. I always jotted 1 tfhem down, and in a few d*ays told them to him as orEpnal. fXf yon_ don,-t mind, I think T coirW make something out of that/ he would sar. 'Yon're a wondei-rulI chap for -plots/ Tlien, of course, l oaned up, and gave him his property. There ivas one story about a man vrbo personated an, African expiorer, and tioft on swimmmgly un'fcil he met the real Simon Pares fnveet heart. Thttt seemed to us both full of dramatic possibilities; 'i>u.c I fancy that it is still lnnrritten." In his book "From Cape Town t-o Lady smith." ~Sir. Or. "W. Steevens speaks of the defenders as being "as good as dead, ex cept that dead men have no trme to till in." Tliis referenccrhas suggested the fol lowing, lines: G. W. SX!EBVENS. Cast Tipoii stormy climes, "his life was In lishtnins, and like lfehtning vanished. V."hile to "a proud and ruling Tace he cnc;l.^ "Behold vour Empire! lwc, and look to it. Sudden he spake 110 longer; he j.-as neul. Ah! though the word?, wherewith he testified, OntKvc the lips that spoke, Is this, we ask. His end. who roamed the earth so fast and ar Doll pause, blank void, for ever to lie still.' Xar, hut-who -knows?-with some sublimer task, S^vifc conrier-serriee on from star to star, Not time, but all eternity, to fill. -James Rhoades. To-dav Messrs. Ohatto & Windus will publish" "A Young Dragon/' a new ro mance by Sarah Tytler. To -their sixpenny series the same .publishers will add during May 'The >Tew Magdalen," bv Wilkie Col lins, and "The Old Factory," hy Millie We«tall The first white child horn at Buluwayo was Nada Burnhara, the daughter of Burn'ham, the Amencan scout." The little ".iri, who unfortunately died dunng the Matabele war, ivas named a-rter Isada the Lilv, the heroine of one of Sir. Kider Hag gard's stories. Mr. Haggard s new-vwume of three stories, '"Black Heart and white Heart," whitfh 3a to be issued soon by Messrs. Longman, has "the following dedi cation:-"To the memory of _the child iSada Burn'ham, who 'hound afl to her, and, while her father cut- his way througa the hordes of the Ingoho Regiment, per ished of the hardships ot war at Buluwayo on 19th May. 1S36 I detete these- tales -and more particularly the last-,f<Th triuiaphant over savagery and death. J. he. first story. "The W izard," a tale of vic torious faith, appeared some yeara ago a Christmas ttnnuaL Ano^heiv *BI^, is an- attempt to re-create Hie lue 01 the an cient Phoenician ZnnhaWe, who^e^ nuna still stand in Rhodesia. With the '""Witum of the necessary love storj-, an arfiemp -made to suggest circumstances such a^ might haye brought about or accompanied its fall at the ltands of ae.^?u^'nf savage tiibes. The third tale, BlaA Heart and White Heart," as a-storj^of the court ship- and trials of a pair of Zulu lovers an ..the time of Kmg Cetewayo. 