A BURGHER OF THE FREE STATE BY RUDYARD KIPLING. PART II. They had, of course, employed Kaffirs to hold horses, dig trenches, bring up food and ammu- nition, in extreme cases to cover an advance, and always to haul guns. The northern commandoes prided themselves on flicking the last ounce out of their teams. An exhausted black is easier re- moved from harness than a tired ox, and dies cheaper. But there remaned one sin uncommitted com- pared to which the sin against the Holy Ghost is, in South Africa, a trivial blunder. No re- sponsible man contemplated openly putting the war on a direct black and white basis-calling upon the black to rise against the white Much of the fighting had, of design, been pitched between Zululand and Basutoland, that the two races from their hills might learn which was the power to be feared. That and the raiding of weak tribes was entirely fair, because all the world knew the English were using black troops from India and committing every horror. But Allen, who set up young Dessauer's telegrams, and had talked to a few prisoners since October, did his own thinking by the imposing table while Gert set Basuto in leaded bourgeois. Admitting all the charges against the English, the risk to the Federals from their own allies would be . . . Allen thought of the out- lying farms and shuddered. Then the shame of it struck him across the face. He did not believe in the Dutch treatment of the black ; but that the black should be called in as an equal in this game-called in by bribes and sweet words-was an insult to all whites, and a mark upon the Free State no time could wipe out. " An' Brand was no true son o' tho soil, Miss Frick !" He mopped his forehead. " First Berg- mann an' the Bond ; then the Transvaal an' yon heathen with the baboon's face ; an' then tho Basutos. We're doin' well. We're comin' on ! We're gaun beggin' to the Basutos. If they rise - but why did they not rise before? They canna expect a Magersfontein every week o' the year. They've a bitter score against us. "What good 'ud their help be? . . . But if the English are usin' Goorkhas, why haven't the English used Basutos ? 'Fore God, I'd shoulder rifle to-morrow if they did ! They had time enough. What's holdin' them ? . . . Oh, someone will go to hell for this." Gert pulled a proof on the roller press. Me- chanically Allen pulled another, and stuck it on an old job file. He relit his pipe end turned out to think. A man on horseback, his ankle rudely bandaged, crossed the empty market square gabbling to a policeman. " It stinks, it stinks, it stinks !" he cried, thickly. "Everything stinks. I have asked a hundred times for clean water. Get it." " Come back to the Hospital ! He has got fever. He has just run out from the hospital," the policeman explained to Allen in the starlight, overlooking the fact that hospital patients are not, as a rule, booted, spurred, or plastered with dry mud. " Hospital !" The man reined up sharply. That'a a lie. I have come from hell- from Gronje's head laager, in hell. They have all the guns in the world there, big and little-little and big. But they all stink. Cronje led us into hell ! I came out on my belly when the guns stopped." " Yes, yes. It will be all clean in hospital. You are waking the people. Come !" The fevered wretch's face puckered with terror. " You will only take me into another laager ! Let me go. I will run ! Tell me where to ride. For God's sake, where shall I ride !' The veldt is alive with them-they are coming out of the ground. They are round the laager ! Listen ! Buk-buk-buk-buk," he quacked horribly, imi- tating the sound of a pom-pom ; then, wrenching his horse free, fled at a gallop across the stale dust. " Run ! run ! run !" The shouts died away by the railway station. " What is it ?" someone called from a hotel verandah. "A typhoid man escaped from the hospital," the policeman answered. " But what did he say about Cronje ?" another voice demanded., " Oh, he wanted to go and help Cronje shoot rooineks-a true patriot, even when he has fever." The policeman mounted and cantered after his patriot. " It does not coincide wi' the telegrams. The man's right. It all stinks-o' lies," thought Allen. When he reaohed his roses, the Free State was poorer by the loss of one burgher. Next day he set up tolegrams describing a large capture of mules by Cronje. The wire came from Pretoria. Tout afternoon Miss Frick complained pettishly that the police would not let people go up the Old Fort Hill to watch Kimberley light. Then came by, very drunk, and this was re- markable, Dick Morgan, usually of irreproachable habits, who had wool interests in the town, and till that hour had walked discreetly. His tie was under one ear, his hat was battered out of shape, and his merry legs strayed all whither over the pavement. He sat on the steps of the post office, smiling at the police and the women who expected telegrams. " Shay, you bloomin' Dutchmen," he hic- cupped, " Kimberlish relieved ! Kimberlish relieved ! No ; you don't 'rest me for talkin' dispeckfully your dam oxsh-wag'n Government. Bobbsh comin' here ! Bombard whole boilin'. G'way, you nasty, ugly Zarp ! Ev'rybody Bloemfontein knowsh me ! Given up wool bushnesh. Housh agent now. 'Take care any man's housh while he goes temp'rily Pretoria. What offersh ? Yah !" He resigned himself smiling to the embraces of the agitated Zarps ; but his words, coming on the heels of many whispers, curdled the crowd as rennet curdles milk, and they drew together dis- cussing and surmising between the ox-carts and the ammunition waggons. Forty-eight hours before he would have been a bold man who had dared doubt in public that Kimberley was all their own. Now, people more or less faced the notion. " What do you think, Mr. Allen ? " said one of the two or three hundred Koopmans of the dis- trict. "You see all the telegrams." " I think what I thought from the beginnin'. We've listened to lies too long to care for truth. But at the same time no one likes bein' lied to less than a liar." "Ah, you're an Uitlander at heart." It was the old taunt-from a German this time. " I'm a Free Stater, but it will be perfectly surprisin' the number o' people that'll find they've always held Uitlander sympathies-before long." " They have not the men-they have not the men. All our predikants say so," cried a farmer of a far north-western district. " And there are all tbo Powers of Europe, too, France and Russia. They will never allow such things. But I wish my man would write." This was the wife of a French photographer. " No, All Europe is against them." " We'll see," said an English bank employee. " When they come-" " When they come. But they will never come. Be careful!" The bank clerk laughed. " I told you from the beginning that they would come. And they will come. They will come here, and they will go on to Pretoria. We told you from the first." " They will not if you Free Staters fight, instead of running away," shouted a wounded man of the Vryheid commando, and his hairy follows applauded. " You have good houses and plenty of cattle-you will not fight for them. You know the English will take them all-all all." ' You showed them the way," Allen inter- rupted in the Taal. Many voices agreed, for the northern oommandoes had a keen eye for cattle, and did not always distinguish between the dis- loyal Dutch across the border aud the agitatedly loyal Free Stater on the hither side. " Then you should fight. If you don't fight our President says it will be the worse for you. Almighty ! My father did not get his farm by sitting still. No ! Ho shot the black stuff off it first ; then he enjoyed God's blessing. Go you and do likewise. The northern commandoes are taking all the weight of the war." " But it's all in our country," said Allen, as the man swung himself on to his pony. " Ye've forgotten that little matter-they haven't forgotten it by Jagersfontein'" " You were right, Allen," old Van Soelen, that had been a member of the Raad, growled in his beard. " We are much annexed by the Trans- vaal already. I said it would be so." So far as one can find out, this day was the beginning of the Bad Month in Bloemfontein. No two souls agree in any one account of it. It is said that Kruger came down from the north and, with Steyn, went westward, direct to Poplar Grove. It is said he did no such thing ; that the first news came in from a broken commando of Transvaalers who had been peppered in the open from three consecutive kopjes by hidden infantry, and, seeing that the rooineks wera not fighting fair, had come away. This, again,-is denied by the Transvaalers, who assert that Kruger himself attempted to check a fleeing Free State commando after Poplar Grove, and even threatened to order his Johannes- burg police to fire upon them. The Free Staters some of them-admit they told the Presi- dent that if he gave such an order they would return the fire. Then, they say, began systematic cattle-lifting on the part of some Transvaalers who had escaped from Cronje's laager and headed for the Vaal, driving everything with a hide on it before them. Then, they say, began the trouble with the foreign commandoes on the night that Steyn wept among the guns. And all this while there was no certain knowledge of any one thing under heaven except that somewhere to the westward lay an army. Bloomfontein did not know what an army was like, but her sons told her. She agreed-it was curious how quickly the crowds decided this-to disregard the wonderful telegrams of the " Ban- ner," who said that France, Russia, and Germany were in arms' against England. Certainly, no true patriot could fail to believe that France, Russia, and Germany would in the end rescue a poor and pious Slate. Meantime, the question before Bloomfontein, who counted her distance from the army in miles, was, Would the army bombard the city-as the city had sent men to bombard Kimberley, Mafe- king, and Ladysmith ? Also-this was not spoken above the breath-How soon could some sort of compromise be patched up which would remove these excellent Transvaal commandoes - to fight, of course, fifty or a hundred miles further on, but to fight and to steal elsewhere ? Men poured in from the southern border with word that something very like another army was forming in those parts. They told tales of a new brand of Englishry from across the water, who lay out all day with a pillow-case full of cart- ridges, quite happy if they bagged-that was their horrible word-two or three patriots in eight hours. Oh, yes , there were scores of victories to report-but they always fell to the other com mando. Of course, the foreign Powers - " But the army is here," said Bloomfontein sourly at last, watching President Kruger drive to the railway station. The other President-their own-they did not trouble over. That was the time when Kaffir boys laughed at the Dutch women who tried to give them orders ; when men thrust the keys of their houses upon strangers with English names and begged them to look after their villas while they went north for a little; when young Kennedy, of the Royal Souvenirs, wounded and a prisoner in hospital, kissed the nun in the presence of the Sister-Superior, and all three laughed ; when a Duteh predikant came by night to Mallett, of the Wesleyan Church, and, weeping with rage, said he would burn his Bible if God forgot the Free State ; when Joyce, of the sad- dler's shop, made the 17ft. Union Jack in a back chamber in 10 hours ; when the Fricks of all colours sat up in dreary assembly burning papers whose discovery might have damaged the health of Papa Frick ; when seats in the Pretoria train sold at a premium, and the English of the town found their advice much sought after. " Do-do you think they will bombard us?" asked Mr. Zandt humbly of the 13-year-old daughter of the bank employee. She had come to borrow a Union Jack from the girl's mother, " I'm afraid we shan't," said the child, remem- bering many insults from the Zandt brood. " I am afraid it is like what my father said.' "Oh, what did your dear father say?" Mrs. Zandt clasped her hands. " Be said the Dutch always shut up when they are collared. He said you will take out the keys to us on a tea-tray when we come for them. I am sorry you will not be shelled--" " Hush, dear," said her mother, entering, "you mustn't talk like that to Mrs. Zandt." " I don't care ! She laughed when I told her about Uncle Andries being shelled in Kimberley. Now she comes to borrow the flag." "But they are so close-so verree close ! My God ! My God ! Did all my people die for this, Mrs. Pardew ?" She collapsed weeping on the sofa. " I don't know," said Mrs. Pardew. ' I don't know whether my brother is alive yet. Oh, go away ! Don't cry here ! You Dutch are so clumsy. What did you want to interfere in, the war at all for, you sillies ? " Little Jenny Pardew's father spoke true. They gave up the keys decked with tricolour ribbons at the bidding of a solitary civilian first into Bloom- fontein from no other motive, he says, than to get rooms at the club. They waved Union Jacks, and those who could not go north dis- covered that their hearts had ever beaten for progress and reform. Somewhere on the veldt ran President Steyn, babbling of foreign intervention. Behind him, more to be feared, was Kruger, threatening death to all who bowed the knee to the invader. North, east, and west the Transvaal commandoes were drawing off with Free State cattle, because, as their commandants said, the Free Staters were cowards. ' Bloomfontein-and now she began to see why- had only a few wounded English prisoners in her. The bulk were at Pretoria, good hostages against evil treatment should that army -. It was impossible that the army could reach Pretoria. But the army was here-in the town and outside the town-a hugo clay- coloured ring. Blocmfontein rose after a restless night, climbed the hill by the fort, and looked down upon the tentless legions. They were wet, silent, and sulky -sulky even to Papa Frick, more English than the English, smirking across the green veldt, proud if he could catch the eye of the humblest " officier," " Well, they've come," said Allen, slipping off his coat in the pressroom. Ho had gone out to watch the entry of the troops aud had seen the beginnings of an ugly Kaffir riot put down by the strong hand. That did not look as if the English had employed natives in the war. The pressroom was empty, the gas- engine was cold, and the Kaffir pressman sat impudently on the imposing table. Allen nodded at Bergmann's portrait. " It's a peety you're not alive, old man ! Ye've done well for my country. If there's any know- ledge or device beyond the grave ye must be wrigglin' now. Now, what'll we have in hand for to-day ? 'Fore God, there's no paper, o' course. Gone like rats, all of them." Said a voice in Dessauer's room-" You see the situation, madam. I'm only a special corre- spondent, but I have authority to inform you-er -that we, that is, the army, take over the paper. At least, the office, and the type, and the men. The name will not be continued." " I see," said Mrs. Bergmann. " I suppose it is all right. My editor has, unfortunately, gone away. He will come back when Bloomfontein is reoccupied. But now, of course, you are masters here. I suppose I can take away my private papers. I had come here for that. You see, we did not expect you here so soon." Vincent, of the Universal Agency, did nor say that he had thrashed an exhausted pony down the street for the very purpose of forestalling Berg- mann's widow. This was one of the occasions when the British Army condescended to act on information received. " I am afraid you-ah-cannot. An officer of the staff will be here in a few minutes to seal everything." Mrs. Bergmann turned white, and bit her lip. "So there is nothing further-it would only be putting you out to ask you to stay here." " I see," said Mrs. Bergmann, and rose up her hands saintly folded, the mirror of afflic- tion. " If you will be good enough to send here as many of the compositors and so on as may be in the town I should be very muoh obliged. We're anxious to print a little proclamation. The men will be paid their regular wages." He entered the press-room, rubbing his hands joyously, and confronted Allen in green carpet- slippers, green velvet smoking-cap, faded beard, brass spectacles and all. " Hullo ! what are you doing here ?" " Just waitin' for orders. I'm foreman." Vincent glanced about with suspicion. A dusty man dropped from his horse and staggered in stiffly. It was the ohiof correspondent of the Transatlantic Syndicate. " Hullo, Corbett ! We've oommandeered the ' Banner,' lock, stock, and barrel- by order. You're on the staff, too-by my order." " I've got to describe the entry, my son. They've cut us down to two hundred and fifty words." . "Nothing but official wires going to-night. The censor told me so. Hold the fort here while I go up to Government House and get the Little Man's proolamation for Brother Boer. He wants it printed in to-day's paper. He told me to organise a staff. You're on it." " To-day's paper ? Say, this is history," said Corbett, with deep relish. " We're making it. The Syndicate can wait. I'll hold the fort." "No one is to touch anything till Daubeny comes down. He'll seal up all the private papers of the office. I've broken the news to Mother Bergmann, and she doesn't like it. I think we've run down the Basuto proclamation at last. Lend me your pony and I'll appoint you Editor. Vincent stumbled out and galloped away. Cor- bett moved over to the file of the " Banner " as it lay by the window. " H'm," he said, critically scanning the pre- vious day's issue,' " I guess this will be about the sharpest curve any paper's over swung. Did you-" he looked at Allen with a smile-" did you believe any of this stuff about our men burning and ravishing and being forced to fight under fire of their own guns ?" " My business was to set it up," said Allen impassively, though his heart beat hard. " Ain't you English?" " I'm a burgher of the Free State since eighteen fifty odd. But-I was born in Scotland. You'll be an American." " Yes, I'm an American. What do yon think of your war?" " Just about what you'd think if ye'd seen the country ye loved and lived in clean thrown away by a fool and a liar. That's the little and the long o't. Tell me now," Allen went on huskily. " What truth is there in that," he nodded towards the open file, " that the En- glish used native troops fra Injia against us ?" " Oh, it's only a lie-just as big as any of the others-about the fifteen thousand Russians at Sand River, or the invasion of London, or your three killed and five wounded, or anything else. Have you been fed on that stuff since the war ?" He looked out of window at a woman in black. " Poor devils ! Poor devils !" The woman entered. Not that pious woman of saintly habit who had gone away ten minutes be- fore, but a virago unchained. Gert and four compositors followed her. In the offing, alert, uneasy, but expectant, hung a small crowd of black and half-bred boys who in the time of peace hawked the paper. They watched with open mouths. " We have come," she shrieked, " for some private letters of-of my dead husband. If you are anything like what they call an English gentle- man-" Corbett's large fat face lit with the blandest of smiles. " Well, madame, as Eugene Field said of him- self, I was livin' in a tree when I was caught. I'm only a semi-civilised American. If you wish to appeal to my finer instincts, they perished long ago in the stress of this campaign. But if you will indicate in what manner-" " Oh, you silly, taking fool. Do you know who I am ? I am his widow." She pointed to the picture on the wall. " Was he killed in this war ?" said Corbett. "You have my sincerest--" "No ! no ! no ! I want some papers from this office. Gert, go to the office and get them." Corbett rolled one eye at the young Dutch- man - " Mister Gert ?" he said. " Happy to make your acquaintance. This places the affair on a different footing. May I ask your-umm-where you come in ?" " Compositor," said Gert of the black finger- nails, without stirring. " Then I'm afraid yonr friend will be apt to lose a comp if you act on her instructions. No- thing in the office must be touched till the arrival of-" " I tell you in three weeks you will be driven out of Bloemfontein and shot to pieces ! I tell you there will not be a rooinek left in the country ! I tell you I will remember this when you go to prison for the winter ! It will be cold in the iron sheds. You will see ! Let me take away my private letters. You only want money. You can sell all the rest-" " Hullo !" -said the Honourable Wilfred Daubeny, captain of the staff of the Field-Marshal Commanding-in-Chief, torn by Vincent from his first fair meal in three weeks. He was as filthy as the rest of the army. In one hand he held a stick of avanturine sealing-wax, and in the other a cheap glass seal of French manufacture, repro- senting a dove with an olive branch over the legend " Amour "-all fished out of President Steyn's pen-tray. " Thank God," said Corbett, fervently. " This gentleman, madam, will be only too happy to talk to you in the office-over yonder. Have you brought the proclamation, Vincent ? We must set it up at once. Go on, Daubeny. You'll like her." He indicated the office at the far end of the pressroom, and wiped his brow. " For undi- luted craziness, Vincent, your war lays over our Cuban business. I ean't say more than that." Vincent produced a printed sheet and paused, screwing up his short-sighted blue eyes. " How the deuce does one commandeer a paper ?" said he. " There's no precedent, if that's what's trou- bling you," said Corbett. " The English are un- happy without precedents, I know. Let me try. Mister Gert and Co. ! in the name of God and tbe Constitution of the United States-beg pardon, Vincent. I forgot it wasn't my war. Oh, yes. There's a foreman. So there is. What's your name ?" " Allen." " That's a good start," said Vincent. " Now, Mr. Allen, set up this proclamation quick. It's for to-day." " Have you any preference about type ?" said Allen, smiling in spite of himself. " Type-type ! Oh, nice fat, black type," said Vincent. " Here have I been a journalist all my life, and I don't know one type from another, Corbett." " There's Grady outside," said the American. " He's been in the business. Appoint him to the staff at once. Hi, Grady ! You're appointed sub-editor of the Bloemfontein ' Despatch.' Come in and sub-edit." " I was looking for you," said Grady of the Unlimited Wire, dismounting. " Did you try to produce a paper without me? You journalists ? You're a lot of penny-a-liners. Not half a bad plant, either." He sniffed round the office critically. " When you've quite done your professional antics perhaps you'll help us to bring out this proclamation," said Vincent. " Bobs wants it thrown broadcast at Brother Boer as soon as possible. It won't enlighten Brother Boer, but it will please Bobbins." " Leave me alone ; I'm thinking." Then to Allen, who was sorting the copy into takes, " Just use your old advertisements and any standing matter you've got-" " It's no just likely to suit the present situa- tion. It's sayin' that ye used natives fra Injia against us." " We didn't," said Grady. " Personally, I think it was a great mistake. A few Pathans would have done you a lot of good-but we happen to be a moral people. No, the standing matter is probably useless. Got any olds ads_ stereo matter?" " There's the old National Museum notice - an' here's a Vereeniging coal advertisement," said Allen. " But they've commandeered all the coal there, an' it's a far cry to Veroeniging." " Never mind," said Corbett, sitting on the table. " We'll be at Vereeniging soon, and the National Museum's the one place I've always wanted to see. Look among the stereos." " Good old Mellin'!" said Vincent, turning over a pile of plated slabs. " ' The natural food for a babe is mother's milk.' My God ! D'you remember those kids at Kimberley after the re- lief, Grady, an' the row of babies' graves ?" " Yes," Grady answered, with a sudden fero- city. He had been five months in the field. " And the refugee trains, too. Here, you !"- to Allen, who jumped at the change of tone. " Lord Robert's proclamation goes, in English and Dutch, on the front page. Fill in the rest with old advertisements. Bring me a proof when you've done. You're responsible that the thing looks decent, and God help you if you try to play any funny tricks on us." " I'm not in the habit o' shirkin' my work," said Allen, stoutly. "I'm sick of it," Grady went on. "Kim- berley and Ladysmith had to stand it, and Mafe- king's standing it now, but the minute these brutes get the worst of it they hang up a Union Jack and Bobs fawns on 'em-simply fawns on 'em! Look at his proclamation. He'll be sorry for it before he's done. I know the Dutch." Here the Honourable Wilfred Daubeny came out of Dessauer's office sucking a burnt thumb. " She's a lunatic-an absolute ravin' lunatic," he said, " an' this beastly stuff has dropped all over me. - Must I seal everything here ? There isn't much wax left, and-"-he looked round the office-" what's the ides o' the operations ? " " Steyn's forgotten to take away about a ton of most interesting documents from his house," said Vincent. " I saw the Intelligence De- partment looking almost intelligent over it this afternoon. Perhaps we shall find something nice here." Allen wae setting up the sentence-" The British Government believes that this act of ag- gression was not committed with the general approval and free will, of a people with whom it has lived in complete amity for so many years.". He glanced at the portrait of the late Mr. Berg-. mann, thought of the Basuto proclamation and groaned. " Any truth in the yarn that they've found a lot of cipher telegrams between Capetown and Pretoria and up at Steyn's place ?" said Vincent. "I believe so," Grady answered, " but it was nothing compromising. It never is, worse luck ! How's that proclamation coming on ? Be quick, there !" " I think you'd better seal the door of the office when we've done, Daubeny," said Vincent. " Ritson, of the Intelligence, will be down to- morrow to search the place." " They'd climb in through the windows if they wanted to take anything away," said Grady, jerking a thumb at Gert. " Then Daubeny will put on a sentry till Rit- son has done. One sentry for to- night on toast, Daubeny, please. What the deuce do all these little nigger boys want to look in at the windows for ?" " All right. Must I stay here till you've done? I'm awfully hungry." " You've no eye for history and the drama. Here we are commandeering the whole plant and outfit of a flourishiug daily paper-it's never hap- pened before-in the heart of a captured city at eight hours' notice, and you prefer to eat," said Corbett. "We'll be merciful. Proof's almost ready, " Grady replied, as Allen slid the takes into posi- tion. " I don't know Dutch, but if I find out you've put any hanky-panky misprints into the Dutch version, my friend, you'll hear about it." " Man-man," said Allen, suddenly, his mouth quivering under his beard, " I'm-I'm a Free State burgher."' " Is that a recommendation ?" " An'-an' I was one o' Blackwood's men once. D'ye think I'd cheat in a professional matter ?" Now, Grady had been close friend to Hawke, who was crippled for life under cover of the white flag on the south-western border. [The third part of Mr. Kipling's war story will be published in the " Herald " of Saturday next.) 