The Napkin=01erk. Napkin-Clerk in my all-night chop shop is merely a nominal office, created by the waiter who is both kind-hearted and lazy. There is no salary attached to the position ; nothing bat fried beefsteaks ?that sometimes taste of the icebox, I fear. Still these lumpy titbtis are grateful food to the Napkin-Clerk, for they keep life smoldering in the withered frame of .an honest old man plugging dimly along toward the inevitable finish in the has been class. 'Who is he?' repeated the waiter. ' You can search me ! His name's Blinky Frank, and that's all I know about him. One midnight, six years ago, he comes in quiet and easy, and asks me could he work for something to eat. Said he was a marble-cutter by trade, but his lungs .broke down and his eyes pegged out, and .he had to quit. I told him to count the .napkins and table-cloths for the laundry -waggon that calls every morning. Check ing off the wash linen is part of my work, but I was rushed at the time. After he .finished the job I had the cook fry three big chuck steaks, and, say, the old man broke - the record stowing 'em away. That was six years ago, and he hasn't imissed a night since.' Here is warning to those who waste their vital substance and sight in riotous toil. At seventy, Blinky Frank is out of the running ; no home,, no money, no friends. Nothing but his job as Napkin-clerk in an all-night chophouse. Three pounds ?of sodden fried meat at every midnight, ?with not another bite of anything until twenty-four hungry hours roll round. Somehow that piece in the First Reader about ' Go to the ant, thou sluggard,' doesn't impress me as it once did. ' When Blinky comes back the second night I hadn't the heart to chase him.' said the humane waiter. ' He was so old and eager and thankful, and what do you call it — pitiful ? that I says to myself : * What's the hotel bill ? Some of these steaks are bound to be thrown away, any how, and he might as well have 'em be fore they reaches the the limit.' ' Nearly every night for eight months I have watched Blinky Frank attending to the duties of his position. There isn't a detail of the job with which I am not familiar. Should the old man resign or die I feel that I could assume all the re sponsibilities of Napkin-Clerk with credit to myself and the chophouse, but I would not guarantee to survive the steaks. At half -past twelve the Napkin-clerk creeps in out of the cold and fog. He is a little man, with a tuft of white chin whisker and a purplish countenance veined like the steaks he has so long ab sorbed. Drink has not enslaved the Napkin-clerk. He doesn't even touch it. The mottled visage is solely due to his staple diet. He wears one of those old fashioned gaff- topsail coats — a cutaway frock with voluminous side tails — much too large for him; a celluloid collar, and a wide green necktie that establishes an alibi for his shirt. His Derby hat is also too big, the rear brim settling down between his shoulder blades like a fireman's helmet. As he toddles to the linen closet in the rear Blinky Frank assumes a busy aspect which is heightened by fishing a stubby lead pencil from his vest pocket. Half an hour later he emerges from the abode of soiled table linen, still busy, and carry ing a sheet of yellow pad paper in one hand and the pencil in the other. There are some queer-looking numerals on the paper. Climbing stiffly to a high stool at the end of the lunch counter next the window the Napkin-Clerk props his tally-sheet between the mayonnaise jar and the vinegar bottle and proceeds to check off the linen account with his dim old eyes focussed at short range. This is an extremely delicate task, requiring great accuracy and a thorough knowledge of figures; but Blinky Frank knows his business. An average of sixteen table cloths and two hundred 4x6-inch napkins must be counted every night. Six years of practice have rendered the Napkin Clerk infallible. He never misses a single item. By the time he has footed up the columns and balanced his totals a platter of steaks and a plate of boiled potatoes with the skins on are slid along the counter to where Blinky Frank sits humped and pensive with a napkin draped across one knee. The oddity of his attire and the fact that he didn't stuff the nap kin under his chin, chophouse fashion, first attracted my notice. In a few throbbing moments the plates are swept clean. The Napkin-Clerk eats no bread. Then he stacks the plates up neatly, according to size, with the little butter dish on top, wipes the counter with his napkin, and slides off the stool. The cook at this chophouse is fortified within a tiled turret, with port holes for firing broadsides of victuals into the dining-room. Through one of these openings Blinky Frank reaches from the outside and acquires a cup and saucer. At another port hole at the back he fills the cup with coffee, returns to the stool, and swallows the beverage at a gulp or two. Once more he scans the tally-sheet, folds it twice, leaves it between the bottles, and vanishes like a purple ghost into the night without having uttered one syl lable. I've tried to learn more of the Napkin Clerk, but he is a diffident old man, who doesn't care to talk much about himself. ' Over the hill is where I sleep,' he once said, pointing in the direction of North Beach. ' I've chiselled many an epitaph in Holy Cross and Cypress Lawn. Seen millions of dollars buried there with my mark on them, while I, who should have been under ground long ago, still live in want. Looie is good to meN,' he added, cheerfully. ' He lets me count the napkins, and as long as I do it right I can hold my job and get warm meat to eat.' After that I never molested the Napkin Clerk, but left him to pursue his meaty , career in peace. Never once in six years has he asked for anything else, thus proving conclusively that Blinky Frank is a man of steady habits. His presence in the chophouse is not without moral effect. 'Since he's been coming I've got quiet,' the waiter confessed. ' On my night off I used to bat around with the boys ; but I don't do it now. The best of us are liable to bump against the real thing when we get old, and I'm looking out for Number One. CHARLES DRYDEN. ' It will last my time.' — Thou foul sluggard and thief ; for thou art a thief to pocket thy day's wages, be it counted in groschen or in gold thousands, for this, if it be for anything, for watching on the Special Watch Tower that God's city suffer no damage, and all the while to watch that thine own ease be not in vaded. What if it should not last thy time, for this will be the fare of some lying sluggard, but take fire and explode, and consume them like the moth ? — Ca/rlyle. 