Cycling. The third of the series of cycling matcbes for the Poynting trophy was run off on Saturday, there being a good attendance of the public. The results were: 1st Division.— W. Sessions (70yds) 1\. H. Elliott r5vdsl and J. Butler (100yds) also started. Won easily, the other two finishing together. 2nd Division. — O. Cooper (30yds) 1. R. H. Brown (80yds) other starter. Won by 10yds. 3rd Division. — H. S. Rutledge (17yds) 1. Other starters: A. Saunders (5yds), A. Harper (scr.). This was a grand raco all tho way, the three uien finishing right together. 4th Division. '? — G. Cumbeiland (20yds). Other starter : E. J. Marks (140yds.). Final. A great, racu wps expscted for the final, butat the commencement of iIih second lap,- there was a serious mishap, through a dog running across the track. Cooper, r in the l-'ad, was thrown heavily, ...and Cumberland went over him, and was also thrown- badly. Bitli suffered^ a few nasty abrasions, and were badly shaken, and had tln-ir ma. oliiuos knocked about;- but fortunately nothing 'serious resulted.', Sessions went round iind.won,with Rutledge sec: ond ;but it -vas no race, and the wholn afternoon's sport ,'was spoilt, and someone might have been killed, through .thoughtlessness, or care lessness; or something else, in allo\v ing a dog to' run loose on the ground while the race was on. It is fortunate it was no worse, and it -will act as a warning.-- : . A sweep was afterwards run for, and won by Stanley Poynting, with S. Cumberland second. Another sweepstakes was won by R Brown. . 'PoSTAL^-In lieu ot the present receiving' 'office at Owen's Gap, a post- office has been establishs.0 from, the'rst proximo, and a telephone office wiil also be made as soon as the necessary connections are completed. No:Excuse — Should any of out readers happen to bo without an um brella^ we should like to draw thair at tention to: an announcement by Mr. Christie, the'celebr;\ted umbrella and parasol maker of Sydney. -'Christie' umbrellas aro alwayslhoroughly ru'li nblo, and as they rango in price from 2s 6d upwards there is no excuse for anybody being withou1; one. By co operating with their friends, country residents can save freight, as Mr. Christie pays carriage on all orders 10 valuoof 20s. Price list and patterns will be Bent post fren, on aplication to W. Christie, 11, The Strand, Sydney* Great Oresar's Ghost ! poor wusted frame. That once full vigor did possess, Cau't be a uian in clsa but name, His cough has brought, him such distress. 'Die undertaker smiles to tliiiilc Next win ter'a cold he'll not endure, OH ! no'er say die, but take a drink Of 'VV.fJj. Woods' Great Peppermint Cure, In addition to lhe letters nppuaring ulse\vliere, Mr. F. H. Thritt has a letter from his brother, Trooper A. E. Thrift, from Kroonslad. He is in splendid hf al ill, and with others has joined tho nnuntcd police for three months — 10s a day, and find himself, and fodder for horse. ? ' ? ? ? ? . * 