THEIR FAVOURITE BOOKS. It is not, perhaps, generally known that the Queen takes no small interest in the fictiou of tho day.. A writer herself, she is a capable critio of all she hus read to her, and is said to prefer in this brunch of .literature tho novels of Edna Lyall. Tho Prince of Wales is a great admirer of George Meredith's works. Another great writer, Mr. Gladstone's nnlitieal ha.q nomewhat outslionn hiw lirnmrv fame. Tho eminent statesman, however, found time, until quite lately, to get through u large quantity of varied reading. His library at Hawardon Castle .is rather curiously arranged. Tho walls aro covered with shelves of books, nnd between cach partition there is room to walk. By thiB meaus Mr. Gladstone is able, with littlo difficulty, to lay his hand upon auy one of tho 15,000 or 20,000 volumes that he may require. Once seated with his book, Mr. Gladstone takes a pencil aud makes copious notes in tho margin on subjects he wishes to remem ber, of which he is in doubt, or which ho disputes. Theso ho afterwards classifies at tho end of tho volume, thus being able to refer at once to those thing** ho wishes to re member in tho book. Th« Grand Old Man's favourite authors are Arislotte, Dante, and Bishop Butler. The only fiction ho affects is that dealing with history or philosophy. He is an admirer of Mrs. Humphrey Ward's 44 Robert Elsinerc.' | Another noted statesman, Mr. Goschon, I delights in a novel with plenty of plot in it* He also gets through a quantity of reading, aud prefers tho Rov.S.Baring-Uould's novels to any others. Sir William Harcourt iB also a great novel-reader, but Lord Salisbury finds little timo for light litorature. Stanley, tho great African traveller, is extremely fond of his Shakespeare. It was wilh extreme reluctance that ho burned his copy of tho Stratford bard's works by com maifd of tfie Zinga people. Barbarous nations ' almost invariably ussociato books with sorcery and witchcraft. Tho German Emperor is fond of novel reading, nnd is a great admirer of George Eliot. Mr. H. Rider Haggard, though never a great reader, has two favourites— Charles Dickens's 44 Tale of Two Cities ' and Lord Lyttou's 44 Coming Race.' Other books of which ho nevor tires are 44 Ecclesiastes ' and the poems of Edgar Allen Poe. 44 My grandfather,' said the shoe clerk boarder, once know an old man who in* sisted that the ghosts came and milked hir cows every night.' 44 Sort of milkin' spectres,eh?' commented the Cheerful Idiot, 