MYSTFRIEi OF CRIME. , In 1880. a wom'an's hlrly was dis covered in a cella-, under the pavement of a fine m'ansion in London. The bdtler of flie family i'n cleaning out-the cellar came upon a cask, and within that cask he found the body preserved in q'icklime; which had been used, no doubt; with the idea of preserving it,; btrt tire opposite result follor.ed. DIecomposition hal', h'owaeer, gone to far to make recogrnition possible, and there: was never tne- slightest clue to the identity of the criminal, or of that of the murdered lierson. The woman had been stabbed to the heart; Nothi ing whatever was elicited in the house itself. It had been occupied by the same gentleman, its proprietor; an unimpeachably respectable I,prson, for at least twenty years and he could throw no light whatever upon the mystery. Even where .a lodylias' een' clearly indentifed,,and within a shorit space of time;the solution has· not beeni reached. Let us take some of the less familiar cases as recorded in the criminal his= tory of other countries. There was the murder "of the pretty cigar girl," as she was called, Mary Rogers, of New York-the foundation indeed, of ?Edgar. Allen Poe's famous story,- The Mystery of Mfarib oget," aithough ihe'placed the 'sene of the crime in Paris... liary iogers left her h'ome one evening for a walk in Hobo. ken, on" the Jersey side of the Hudson' River,. and was nereo afterwards seen alive. Some days later her body was found floating in North river.; she had been strangled by her own lace fichu. By-and-hy the traces of a fierc?" and mortal struggle were found in a neigh bouring wood, and in due course several arrests were made, all of men suppo ei to have been desperately in love wi.th Mary Rogers. Every one was a)l;e, however, to establish his innocence, dl though one, by named Payn, subise quently committed suicide near !; hern the crime was perpetrated. This mysterious murder agitated ti+' whole of theUnited State-to an e:.:t;-n unparalleled, except by fhe murders of Presidents Lincoln and Garfield; and no satisfactory clue was ever obtaii,,'d. Not long ago, at the death of tie' tobacco merchant who' had beren .1tary Rogers' employer, and who a years passed had become a wealhy. man, certain facts were said' to have come' out which in a measure implicated aim with the crime ;. but these do no: seem to have been more than a va~.Ce story of his heinglhan'rted on his death" bed in Paris by the ghost 'of the w"-~ dered girl.. 