Humour. A little nonsense now and then Is relished by the wisest men.—Hudbbias. No matter how good a loaf of bread may be, it is sure to be crusty. If the employees of a laundry intend to strike, let tbem do it while the iron is bot. The most talkative woman would prefer to keep her month shut at the dentist's. Everything has what a nose has, and a nose has what everything else has. An end. ^Why is sympathy like blind man's buff ? ^Because it is a fellow feeling "for a fellow creature. W 4 Whatsis that which Is neither useful nor ornamental, and .yet a carriage cannotgowithout.it? Noise. Daughter—Papa went off in great good humour this morning. Mother—1 My goodness! that reminds me. I j forgot to ask him for any money. " Why do you use paint?" asked a violinist of his daughter. " For the same reason that you use resin, papa." " How is that ?" " Why to help me draw my beau." i She—So you have crossed the ocean 64 times. You must be getting used to it. He—Yes, considerably ; I liave j lately got so that I recognise half the waves we meet. j She—Every misfortune that can be fall a woman in her married life I have suffered. He—That isn't true! You haven't become a widow. She—I said every misfortune. 1 Mrs. Brown—There is no reason at j all why there shouldn't be women j preachers. Mrs. Jones—And women > elders ? Mrs. Brown—Well—er—yes ; but the name might be changed. " Is Alice worried about her broken engagement?" " No. She had part of the silver marked with her young man's name, but she says she can easily get engaged to another man named Smith." Lady—I think you are the worst looking tramp I ever saw. Tramp— Ma'am, it's only in the presence of un common beauty I look so bad. Lady Bridget, give this poor man something to eat. Teacher (to new scholar)—Now, Mary, I'll give you a sum. Supposing your father owed the butcher £3, and 50s. to the baker, and £5 to the coal merchant, £4 to the landlord Mary (confidentially) — We should move. Master—Now, Cecil Jones, I am going to punish you severely for not studying the map of South Africa as I told you. Cecil—Please, sir, iny fa ther says that the war will quite change the map, so I didn't think it was much use studying it just now. Widower (to his ten-year-old daugh ter)—Do you know, Fanny, that your governess is going to get married. Fanny—I'm so glad to get rid of the hateful thing. I was afraid she was never going to leave us. Who is she going to marry 1 Widower—Me. " What shall I leave you when I die ?" said an insipid fellow to a young lady whose patience he had exhausted. " Need not wait till you die," she said ; " you can leave something now, if }Tou will." " What shall I leave ?" he asked. " Leave yourself," she replied. He left. There are people whose energy is tireless ; and some, alas ! whose energy is merely tiresome. Difficulties are often like ghosts— —when you come to run them down they don't amount to much. Poverty may be no crime, but a good many people regard it as a serious mis demeanour, at least. " What can equal warmth of a true woman's love ?" asked the dearest girl. " Her temper !" replied the savage old bachelor. " I have never met," he said, " more than two really lovely women." " Ab," said she, looking up innocently into his face, " who was the other ?" The Maiden—And where did you, baron, first see the light of the world ? The Baron—When I diet you. " Is he a good churcfiman ?" " Well, he doesn't pray so loud as some of them, but he pays his pew rent a good deal more promptly." ■" Did that bottle of medicine do your aunt any good ?" " No ; as soon as she'read the wrapper she got three new diseases." Tommy—We have got a new baby at our house. Sail}' (with upturned nose)—We don't want one ; we've got a piano. Pretty School Teacher—Thomas, state some of the beauties, of educa tion. Thomas (eldest boy in the class) —Schoolmistresses. " I have lost my appetite," said an Irish giant. " I hope," said a friend, " no poor man will find it, for it would kill him in a week." 