TOWN TOPICS. One of the troubles incidental to tho lot of a country newspaperman was exemplified in tho appeal to pay, contained In tlio letter of oue;of the "perfesn" to a cortain racing club, not a thousand miles away from Dubbo. Th : printer, apparently, confounded a now olub that didn't owe him tho money, with ono that apparently did, hot without being able to liquidate all the claims against it, hod glided into the shadowy vale that holds tho ghosts of the things that were. Ho had read in his exohonges that a now olub had sprung into being and probably felioitated htmsely, tho Statue of limitations notwithstanding that here was a ehanoo of sotting payment for his " ad." published in the Hum ago. With, this end in viow, he wrote piaTietfcaliy, "As this has boon owing for four yours, I think it is ap to you to send a choque." It would bb a grateful task to reoord- that the ohcquu was duly sont, but aa tlio raoing body was an entirely now one, and under entirely new management, ns tho Sydney hotel adver tisements iutys, thu wished for pioce of papor oould not bo sont and so the printer got "left " as badly as ovor. A nolo. in., ono of tho moLropolitain pipers shows that the gentfo " Confidence mon " are as up-to-date as evorthand gulls, ovouumnng thoso wliu reckon upon thoir amurlnoss are by no moans an unknown quantity, a tho following littlo story will show, 8ayn thu narrator i— "I wont down to luwo a look ovor tho Mo-lit;, and, when thoio, a ohap chummed up tn rnu. 1 yiirnwl to liim, never tliioking ho was a "ruii," aud lie tuHl mo ho was going to England. I IntHoved him as I found him inspecting a cabin on 1 ho Ntuumor. He aald he wonld iniroduoo tno to a friend nf his who was going as far on tlio Capo to start iri the surveying lino. 1 thought it wan all right and that I would meet tliu friond on l>oanl. Afteewards, when we were going through tho Domain together, tho friend cnim up, acci dentally or on purpoto— ami 1 full in. Wo wuru sitting on one of the scats yarning, when a third member of tho gang cnmti along a accidentally (?) dropped a small box at my fo 1 whistlod to him, and was nlmnt tn give book when one of my friends ' snatched it, and t said, Hold on ; ho will como baok whun lie finds he has lost it.' Ho returned right enough, and 1 gavo hira the box, for which he very pro fusely thankod me, uttd wanted iiio to nave a bottle of wine with him. 1 had senso enough to refuse that. He sold ho was taking the box to tho Paris Exhibition, that it was made by ono of the ohlefo In the islands, and that no one could open it bat himself. He farther explained that he had a bet with the eaptain of tna ship wbjoh brought him over, for £600, and won it. In the meantime one of my 'friends' hod' tnnubad tho onrlnff and otxmftd the box. 8o then he wanted to put np and money that bo would open it again. He pat up £20, and the follow 1 first met put £20, and then they each put up £60. ' I, like a young fool, put up £20 in eoverfegns, as I hod opened tho box a dozen times, 'and thought I oouldn't lose. However, whou I tried again I was staggered to find I was unable to do so. Of course 1 saw through the trick thou. I wont up to tho man who held tho 'beans,1 and said, 'If you dou't give me baok that Rold, rU stiffen you. He shoiled out like a tamo. It was a very narrow squeak." Now that tho -Raster (holidays Jaro at hand, and tho fogged out bank offioials and the tired nfflco workor, in foot all who havo tho holidays, ami tbo wherewithal of transit, turn tholr thoughts citywards for a flit to its alluring pleasures. Bat no longer Is the oity known to thorn as Sydrioy, but at their hands " PlAguo " has it boon styled, but loss so In fear than tho spirit of faootiousmms. Plague, rate, and the quarantine regulations havo no foar for somo venturous spirit i, who will probably havo much to tell oil their rotqrn to tho sueuo of thoir ordinary lalwura. The simple question of whothor or not an umptuyeu of our muriiolpal council should havo auincrnuc in hinsorew gavoriMto adiscussimi of somo longth, at tho reoont mooting of tho body in qursrion. Tho report of tho Financo Corumittou was to tho effoot thar the youth whoso situation was andor review had outgrown Iifa offico, whioh it was rather lamely explained was of but a temporary creation, it bolng under stood that It never impliod that the holder oould aspire to promotion. The application was refused by one vote. Ono of tho aldormon challenged the wisdom of tlio doolslon, and rapidly reviewing tho many and increasing duties In connection with munioipat affairs, ho asserted that the Counoil was sotually getting more service than it paid for, the upshot of the matter boing that an inquiry will be made as to the necessity or not of tbo offico in quoation. Somo of tho peculiarities of tho law are in explicable to tbo averago lay mind, and, one of the instancos whioh go to prove tho truth of tho statement was shown in a caso hoard at tho Cirouit Court on Tuesday. A man hwl boon charged with an offooce against A girl of tender yoars, and tho evidence disclosed a state of gross immortality allocking to contemplate. According to tho ovidonco tho jury had to go on, a girl under 13 years of age was shown to havo boon an active agont, and according to His Honour's direction thu law holds that lids does away with tho supposition-of an assault, and the Jury acquitted tho prisoner. It was shown tfmt tho mother of tho obilrl, tho Srisonor, and othors hod participated in a runkon and libdinous spreo. during whfob tho ailegod assault was said to havo bcourrod. and stress was laid upon tlio ciroutustonoc that tno law took no cognazonco of mere Immorality as anoffoneo, but tho point that-etrikes the lay mint! (s that even if such a thiug as aotlvo ngnnoy is proven on the port of tho victim, why a man of rauturo years oould bo led by a child into buoH an act, and why suoh a one should bo ablo to escape punishment. Of course it was atvuod thattue inao wasdruukenly incapable, but the judge pertinently plaood before the jury, tho law does not absolve from responsi bility on this account. Another thing that must havo rocurrod to - the minds of many who hoard tho , unfortunate oaso, .was why the witness who testified < to tho active agonoy -on tho part ofthe child, did not Intervono and stop tlio terriblo affair. It seems rathor hard that whilo tho Council nqd its officers are doing their utmost to koop the town in a cleanly alute tp lesson tho chancos of any infeotious diseases spreading, thoir efforts are rendered almost barren by tho faot that peoplo living outeido the town boundaries nro doing pretty well what tliuy ploaao, and no offoits have boon made, oy them or tho authority whioh is supposed to ooiitrol them In ri'f.l t<> corporate with the Council. At'tho |qqt iiicotjnff ql the tqunicipal boy both tho aldprinoq qqi) nufoqncps onrfipiaineri lliat the poqplo Qqteldb tho town bounds wore In many casus living iq' tho midst of'fllthy onndillons, and that In some places bat a fo>v feet from tho munlolpallty suoh nuisoucca existed without the CounbU boiiig able to say them' nay. In tho discussion that took placu tho' aldormon were indignant at this slate of affairs. It was pointeu out that this was a matter for tho rublio Health Offloor ond tho pglico to deal with, it being deolded eventually that tho Mayor should bring.this matter under their notloe, 