nETECTIVE SKETCHES.! BY SANDY stiARP THE FAMOUS GLASGOW EX-DETECTIVE. ] COLIN CORDON'S CHRISTMAS FIND. Ab tjie time tho events .took place which I am about to relate Mre. Sharp occasionally employed a respectable woman, named Gor- 1 don, as a seomstress. Mrs. Gordon was the i wife—probably tho widow — of a carpenter, I who twelve months previously had emigra ted to Queensland. Gordon was a first-rate tradesman, and might have done well in Glasgow if ho could have controlled his temper. Ho had left once place after another because ho could not get on with the master or tho foreman, and at last ho suddenly determined to try his luck in Australia. He had never been a drunkard, and. having only one child the Gordons had | saved a little money — enough, he thought, I to last his wife and child until ho could send Fomo more. And if he liked the new country, and saw a fair prospect of getting on, they were to join him in a year. Bub ! from the time the vessel reached the Cape, nothing was known of bhefato of Colin Gor- 1 don. The steamer hal to take in coal at : the Capo, and as there would be a full day's delay, several of tho passengers went avhore', amongst tho number being Gordon. ' No one saw him leave the ship, bub he could not bo found when she sailed again. Nob until the time had long passed in ? which the anxiously-looked for letter should havo arrived did Mr?; Gordon make .any inquiries, and the shock of his mys. terious disappearance made her ill. When she recovered, her littlo stock of money was nearly exhausted, and she had to turn seamstress, and sometimes laundress to mainbain herself and Colin, named after his father, a boy of eleven. She soon obtained a good reputation as a capital hand ab making underlinen of the better class, arid if her clients had paid her regularly the mother and son might have lived in com parative comfort, for their wants were few. But' far too many of the ladies for whom Mrs. Gordon worked seemed to havo no idea that she was in urgent need of tho money, and she was, often kept without it for a month or- even longer after the work had been finished. It was the eve of Christmas, and re membering, that Mrs. Gordon had lived for a .couple of years in England ere sho married Gordon, my wife asked mo if I had any objection to her going over to the Gordons to see how they would fare next day. ' I don'b .fanoy sho^has had much work lately, Sandy,' said Mrs. Sharp. ' Go by all meansi'Mary ; and if ; things are as you fancy, ask her to come and spend the day with us to-morrow. Wo are^ot having any other visitors, you know,' I replied. ' Thank you, Sandy : that is jusb what I wanted to ask you, bub didn't know whether you would care to have the poor things on Christmas Day.' Mrs. Sharp was away much longer than I expected, more than an hour, though the' Gordons only lived about - .300 yards away. When she did return, I saw at once that she was'excited about something. ' ' It's a shame and a sin for a woman like Mre. Milne, 'the butcher's wife to treat a poor woman liko Mrs. Gordon in suclTa \- fashion. Sandy, could you not do some thing to force the woman to pay ? She owes Mrs. Gordon 12s. for making underlinen for herself and Milne, and to-n1ght, when Mrs. Gordon . took the last of the shirts, Mrs. Milne said she was too busy to bother with paying money then, and that Mrs. Gordon must come after the New Year.' ' Don't trouble— I'll geb bhe money. A word to Milne will do it.' ' lb almost set me greebing, Sandy, to hear the , laddie ask his mother 'if they would have no Christmas dinner this year, Buch as his mother has always made. But you should have seen their faces brighten up with joy when I asked them to come over and have dinner and tea with us, Sandy. It did me good to see how they brightened up.' ^ I'll go and get that money, anyway,' I said. As I had anticipated a hint to Milne him pelf was sufficient. His wifo was sternly taken to task for sending Mrs.Gordon away without her lawful earnings, and the worthy butcher showed that he was made of far different stuff than his wife by asking mo to take a good-sized piece of nice beef to the seamstress as a present from him. He had never in his life before worn {Sunday shirts that fitted him so well, and were eo beautifully made. 'My mistress is not a bad sorb of woman Mr. Sharp, but sho is thoughtless, and thab leads often to cruelty, us I tell her, in such cases as this.' Mrs. Gordon was overjoyed when I took , her the money and bhe beef, repeating tho invitation Mary had given. . -In the land of house's in which the Gor dons occupied a' two-roomed house resided an old woman, in one room, named Mary Anderson. She lived alone, and was generally supposed to bo in comfortable circumstances, for sho never did uny kind of work, and lived well as compared with -« her neighbours. -Soon after Mrs. Gordon and her boy had finished breakfast on Christmas morning their curiosity was aroused by the noise of hurrying feet in the passage, and beforo' Mrs. Gordon could rise from the table the door was unceremoniously opened, and the voice of a neighbour exclaimed— ' Oh, Mrs. Gordon, what an awful busi ness. Mrs. Anderson has hangib herself ? Como und have a look ab her.' Bub Mrs. Gordon declined, saying she had no curiosity to see such a sight. If she be of servico she would go readily. ./The tragedy naturally created much ex. j citement among the numerous tenants of tho land. A rigid search of her room and all j the drawers failed to discovor any money ' or other property of value, and tho opinion i gradually gained ground that robbery, ' preceded by murder, had beon committed. But when tho procurator-fiscal inquired into the affair, there was no evidenco forth coming to corroborate tho new theory. There was no proof that the deceased woman had any means, and the position of tho body when discovered favoured tho idea that it was a case of suicide. When found by a neighbour who had suspected that notneihmg was wrong because Mid. Anderson had nob been seen since tho pre vious Tuesday, two days before, tho body was lying on tho floor, tho head resting on a shallow box, .a thick cord, like a clothes line, twisted twice round her nock. The doctor first summoned saw nothing in tho situation of tho body inconsistent with snioido, and tho fiscal seemed dis posed to accept thub opinion. But tho police dotectivo who accompanied the fiscal, and with whom I had been specially friendly ere Ileft the force to stort business as private detective, was anything but satisfied with the fiscal's acceptance of the suioide theory; and though he made no formal protest, he determined to sift the affair and prove it to be a case of murder. Our Christmas dinner was rather later than usual, and wo were just finishing when Tom Tosh, my detective friond, called on me tbgive his views respecting the tragedy, and possibly to elicit mine. X took Tosh into the parlour, and thus he did not meet Mrs. Gordon. Had he done so, I should in all probability never have obtained tho material for this story. I listened in silonco to his version of tho affair, but in tho absence of any. evidonco that tho deceased woman had any money, or other portable property, I declined to accept his ideas. Tosh seemed a bit huffed at my non acceptance of hie theory, and did not stay loner. On the following morning Mrs. Gordon was obliged to send Colin to borrow a clothes line, part of her own having mys teriously disappeared since she last used it. Colin was questioned on the subject, but he declared that he had not meddled with the line. It stretched from tbe wind6ws of her rooms, which were on the second storey, and was a double one, worked with a pulley, ingeniously made and pub up by Gordon before he emigrated. ' You knew I wouldn't meddle with the line, mother ; where did you leave it when you took it in on Tuesday night ? ' said Colin. 'Hanging on thab peg in the corner, and I noticed when we came home from Milne's on Christmas Eve that the line was on ther floor. It is very strange.' While she was fixing tho borrowed line on the pulley, Tosh, the detective, walked up, saying— 'Grand day for drying, Mrs. Gordon. I'm told you have lost a good piece of your clothes-line ? ' ' Yes, and how it went bothers me,' she replied, wondering who the man was and' what he wanted. V Don't you think thab this is the pieco you lost ? ' showing her a length of .rope he had taken from hie pocket. ' I am sure it is. If you notice ib, bhero are four sfcran'ds in the rope, the usual number being thfao. . Where did you get it ?' ' The detoctive was on bhe point of telling her that it was the cord found round the neck of Mrs. Anderson, bub tho manner of Mrs. Gordon was so free from anything leading him' to suspect that she had any connection with the tragedy that ho de cided to wait for further evidence of her gullb, if indeed a woman with a counten ance like that of Mrs. Gordon could be guilty of such a horrid murder. On the ensuing Monday morning Colin Gordon started employment as errand boy ab a provision Rhop in Argyle-sbreet, and when ho came homo in the evening the boy brought with him some bacon and oheese, which he said he had bought with pence given to him during the day by customers whose goods he had taken to their homes. But a few minutes afterwards Mrs. Gordon was startled by the sudden re appearance of the man who had questioned her about the missing piece of clothes lino. ' I havo come on a disagreeable errand, Mrs. Gordon. I have a warrant from a magistrate to search your house ; your boy is to be arrested for passing a gilded shilling aa a sovereign.' . 'What? My Colin pass a bad sovereign ? Where could he get such a thing ? I will not believe ho could do ib.' ' I must search the house, Mrs. Gor don. Come in, Gellatly.' A constable walked in, and bade Colin sib down, while bhe detective proceeded lo search the house. In tho bedroom, and .beside the shakedown bed' on the floor on whioh Colin slept, was a cupboard-like re ceptacle, utilised by tho boy as a repository , for his toys and other possessions, and in an old boot at the bottom of this cupboard the detective found between 16s. and I7s. in silver and. coppers. . 'Iam very sorry, Mrs. Gordon, but it is my duty to take you'into custody on the charge of murdering Mrs. Anderson. I must caution you that anything you may say will bo produced in evidence against you ab tho Court.' ' Accuse me of murdering the poor old womai^Z God knows I am innocent, 'and I will trust i-im nob to allow me to suffer. I defy you to prove that I had aughb to do with the crime.' Detective Tosh regarded the circum stantial evidence against her as overwhelm ing, and yeb he somehow doubted her guilt ; sho was so calm and firm. i Next morning bhe mother and son were brought up ab tho Polico-court, having had no communication with each other since their arrest, and as I listened to tho evi dence ogainst them I perceived it was strong enough to cause their remittal. It transpired that a niece of Mrs. Ander son, seeing in bhe papers an accopnb of her aunt's tragic death came from Ardrossan to Uiutuuw, uuu iuuuo kiiuwii iu i no puuuu I certain informabion which led them to think with Detective Tosh that murder, and not puicide, was the true nature of tho ciiine which had been committed. The niece staled that the aunt had a sum of money in her possession amounting to at lease £50, and that in a leather purso sho always kept a gildsd shilling with u lion on it, which her husband had given her in their courting days. Tho police attached groat importance to this intimation, .and their confidence that it would probably ' lead to tho elucidation of tho mysterious crime was soon justified. A grocer came to I the Police-ofiico to complain that his ap- ; prentice had taken as a sovereign a gilded ., shilling from a boy, whoso appearances j he described. This description was sufficiently closo to enable tho police to fix , upon Colin.. Gordon ; hence the soarch warrant and the arrest?. When this part of tho evidenco was given Mrs. Gordon turned to her weeping son, and in a calm voico said — ' Speak the truth, laddie. Did you change that gilded shilling ?' ' ' Yea, mother. I picked it up in tho street, near to our house, when we were going to Mr. Sharp's onChri&ttnas; morn Detective Tosh was forced to admibbhab ' tho most rigid search and investigation had failed to discovor thab Mrs. Gordon had i spenb,any money since tho death of Mrs. Andertou beyond the 12s. I had got for her from Mr. Milne tho butcher. Bub bhe certainty that tho cord found around tho neck of Mrs. Anderson had belonged bo bhe accused woman so greatly strengthened the suspicions against the mother and son that the magistrates remitted' them - to prison for a week for the production of further evidence. Bub I fully determined thab Tom Tosh should not have things all his own way. I also would seek for further evidence, bub such as would, I hoped, exonerate tho Gor dons from all complicity in the murder, if suoh ib was. Ab the end of the week.of romand no such further evidence either for or against was forthcoming, and the motiier and son wore sent for trial.. Hitherto Toah had kept in the back ground, but when Mrs. Gordon and Colin were brought before the Sherifi to emita declaration Tosh's name was mentioned. A few minutes afterwards, and before they wero removed to jail, Mrs. Gordon asked to see the detective. He consulted the chief, and was instructed to accede to the wish of the accused woman. Accordingly, she was taken to a private, room, where bhe detective was waiting for her. ' You havo expressed a wish to see me, I understand, Mrs. Gordon, and have you any communication to make ? ' 'Mr. Tosh —Tom -did we never meet before ? ' He started more violently than she had done in the Court, and looking her intently in tho face, the light of recognitibn changed his stem expression into ono of wonder, regret, and then horror. ' Helen Ramsay 1 No, no ; it cannot be,' and the detective sank into a chair with a groan. ' Yes, Tom, I am Helen, and if I am found gui Ity of thiB horrible crime, of which I know uo more than you, it will have been you, bhe old friend of my childhood, tho lover of my girlhood who will have murdered me.' ' Helen, tell mo, in the sight of heaven, are you really innocent of the murder ? I will believe you if you say so.' ' Beforo God, Tom, I am entirely inno cent. And if the law finds me guilty I shall go before a Judge who cannob err, with confidence that He will acquit me. Do you believe mo, Tom ? ' 'I do, Helen; God knows I do. But whab 'can 1 do now bo prove it ? I must do something or I shall go mad. Oh, Helen, when we parted in Kilbarchan . I little thought that our next meeting would be such a melancholy one. Did you know me when I came to your house firBt ? ' ' No, Tom. Fifteen years have altered you more than me.' ' Are you a widow, Helen T9 ' I don'b know for certain. My husband sailed for Australia more than a year since, and I have not heard from him. He left the steamer at the Cape, and did not return to it beforo it sailed. Sometimes I think he must be dead, and then I am again hope ;ul,' M And I have nevermarried, Helen. I could not care for another woman. Take courage, my dear old sweetheart ; I feel sure God will not allow you to'sufler for a crime you did not commit. - 1 have been working against you : now I will move heaven and earth .to prove your innocence. Good-bye for the present.' ' Good-bye, Tom : I will trust you.' At first, as he told mo, he was tempted to give some evasive reply to his chief when i asked what the accused woman wanted with ! him, bub such a course would hinder his renewed investigations, and, to the greab astonishment of the detcctivo inspector, he declared his belief in the woman's inno cence of the crime and his determination to bring the real murderer to justice. ' You knew the woman Gordon beforo this happened, Tosh.? ' 'Yes ; she was my first sweethearb, and I have cherished her memory so much as to keep me a bachelor. Care and grief, helped by want and suffering, I suspect, have transformed tbe bonniest lassie in Renfrewshire into what you now see, but tome, think me a fool if you like for say ing so, she is still the one woman in all the ! world.' ' Nay, Tom, I have known you long enough to feet certain that you must have good ground for believing her innocent. Has she told you anything ? ' . 'She lias assured me beforo God that she is perfectly innocent, and I am satis fied. Don'b ask me to go on. with the in quiries in tho case, for I cannot do it. I shall take up her case now.' ? ' Very well, Tosh, I will relieve you. Suppoae*you take a month's leave and join forces with Sandy Sharp, who is also con vinced of tho innocence of Mrs. Gordon and her boy.' ' Thank you, sir, 1 will do thab.' But the discovery Tom had made seemed to completely unnerve him. He came to me, and begged me to take up the case for him, ontreating me to put forth all my powers to unravel the mystery of the murder. And never did I enter into a case with wu: in n- ziul, or a stronger determination to read) the goal at which I aime^* I. had my hair cut closo, and procured a dark wig and beard. Then, in the attire of a shabby I* W rtiw.ifico uu my arm, I went and rented the rooms vacated by Mrs. Gordon and her boy. I had decided that the murderer must havo ! been someone familiar with the pi^mi«cs, with the habits of tho deceased woman, and with the movements of the Gordons. Cautious inquiiies resulted in the certainty that nono of the tenants of the numerous houses in tho big pile of dwelling^ had loft since tho murder, and I began to study them. But for several days my efforts to obtain any clue seemed as .tljOugh thoy I would be fruitless. I was entering the common stair at a late hour on a Saturday evening'when a woman 1 passed me. ' Norah Morrissey, the rag sorter? ' Where can sho be going at such a late ' hour ? A fine-built young woman, big! ' enough to— yes, she is ; big enough bo have : j lifted the body of Mrs. Anderson from the bed to the corner whoro it was found.' ' I followed her cautiously, a task of some difficulty, for sho seemod bo wish to avoid being recognised. At the junction of New City- road with -Western. road she stopped, and waa presently joined by a soldier, bo whom Bhe handed something. 'VYou'ro a biick. Noiah my jewel I Come . down to the Broomielaw at two to-morrow, and we'll have a sail to Greenock and back,' ' eiid the soldieTTos I was passing thom with , a view to get a good look at him. At th e hour named next afternoon-I was sauntering along the Broomielaw, and followed the soldier and his sweetheart on board the steamer. They sab^p.wn on a seat on the deck, and I joined them, SQun, to all appearance, falling asleep. 1 ' Havo you sent in tho papors for^ypUr discharge yeb, Patsy:? ' askod ? tho ' ra*£ sorter. r' .'Nob yob, Norah ; what's the use of doing bhab bill I'm sure of bhe money bo buy myself oub with ?' replied tho soldier. ' Haven't I told you plain enough that I've gob bhe money ? . Bub you're to marry me first, and then tho money is youre.' ' Let me see ib. I'll nob believe you havo ib bill you show ib to me.' ' Couldn't trust you, Patsy dear : you might snatch ib away from me and then swear it was your own. Oh, no ; jupt take me to church, and then the money will come.' ' I'll see you hanged first.' What was there in the expression of the soldier to havo such a startling eflect upon the woman ? s 'Holy Mother! What is the matter with you, Norah, dear? You look as if you had seen a ghost.' ? 'A touch o' the heartburn, Patsy— fehab isalV ' . . ? .'- \nvtj. : '' Another strand of tho rope thabis to hang that woman ! ' I said to myself. . The soldier was evidently huffed, and without a word to the woman, he left the steamer at Partick. Sho followed, and to my intense chagrin, they thus cscapod me for the time, for I dare nob go with them.' Satisfied that I was on the right track, in the morning I went out to .Maryhill in my own proper person, and made some in quiries anenb the soldier sweetheart, of Norah MorrisBey. I was not greatly sur prised to learn that he was a married man, who was making a cat's-paw of Norah for his own selfish ends. His wife, I waa told, lived in a one-roomed house in Maryhill. When Norah returned from her work in the evening she found a letter waiting her. which I had written, telling her that Patsy Callaghan was a married man, and that his wife lived at No. 3, second etairi 26, Rowan-street, Maryhill. The letter had no signature, but it wis efficacious in produc ing bhe result I hoped.- Accompanied-' by Tom Tosh and a cohstable in plain clothes, I went out to Maryhill, and we awaited the coming of the Irishwoman. Soou after seven wofiaw her cuter the stair, and a minute afterwards Tosh followed quietly, remaining at the head of tho second stair. Presently the excited voice of a woman was heurd. ' I don't believe you have the money ; you have been only trying to make a'fool of my Patsy, bub be was too sharp for you. And if you have bhe £20 you sbole ib off bhe ould woman, Mrs. Andorson, after you had strangled her. I would rather my husl and was in the' service for twenty years rather than have him bought odt by blood- money, so there.' ? The effect of thi3 boldly-expressed accusa tion was startling. Norah turned pale, eeled, and would have foillen down the stair but for Tom Toah, who had crept up tbe stair. 'I am a police-officer, and shall talco 'you into custody, Norah Morrissey, on- 'sus picion of having murdered Mar^AnHerSoh.-'' ' It is God's judgment. I did.it,' and strong-minded aB the big Irishwoman was, she faiuted. Bub she soon recovered, and a cab being procured, we conveyed our prisoner bp bhe Cenbral, Tom Tosh electrifying his.chief by bhe sbory he had to teli A soarch of Norah's room resulted in bhe stolen money being found and, what was far more -impor- tant., a dark blue leal ner purse which the niece of the murdered woman had giyen to her as a New Year's gift. Some of the notes stolen had on the back the name of the factor who managed the little property Mrs. Anderson . possessed, and had been paid to her by him a few weeks before the murder. The evidence against- Norah Morrissey was ihua quite sufficient for a remand. In the moan time application for bail was made to the Sheriff on behalf of Mrs. Gor don and her son, and it was granted. Tom Tosh being the bearer to his old sweetheart of the good newe. . : ?' Where is bhe boy ? ' asked Tdm Svhen Mrs. Gordon was broughb alone to the visiting room. ' Why have Colin here ? Ib only adds to his grief every time he is allowed to see me.' ' You will be at liberty in five minutes, Helen,' said the detective, with a tremor in his voice that told her how keenly ho felc the stigma that had been cast upon hsr. ' Oh. Tom 1 ' Then you have discovered my innocence ? ' 'No. Sandy Sharp has done ib all. Ib was Norah Morrissey committed the murder.' ' I knew there was such a woman in the land, bub I never spoke to her. . Here is Colin.' . . ' We are going home again, my laddie. And oh, if ever you find anything again in the streets do not hide it from me.' ; Norah Morrissey was sent fpr(\trial and found guilty. Mrs. Gordon and, her son wero then formally, placed in tho dock, the judge instructing the' jury to return a verdict of not guilty. Be foro announcing their discharge,- the j judge gave Colin a severe lecture upon his wickedness in having ? concealed from his mother the finding of the gildfed shilling, Bub both judge and court were astonished I when tho boy said, the tears rolling down his cheeks as he spoke— ? ? ? ' My lord, do you know whab it is to be hungry ? Havo you ever sat for a whole day in winter without fire or foo£.? If nob i you cannob tell what I felt when I thoughb I had found a sovereign, onough to keep hunger and cold away from us for a week or two. That is alll have to say.' 'How old1 is' that boy ?' 'asked tho judge. ' I am thirteen, iny lord.' ' Then 1: must confess that his little speech does credit to his head and heart, and I shall '.bo 'pleased if his mother will j allow mo to-find an opening for him where I his undoubted talents may be cultivated.' | Tom Tosh was a comparatively happy | man whon he took tea with tho Gordons that afternoon. He was not without hopes that Mrs. Gordon would at,last beliovo in , her husband's death, and marry her fi^st lover — himself ; but ho wisely refrained from broaching tho subject for the time. ' ! Before her execution Norah Morrissey, mado a full confession of her guilt, and bIio met her doom with a firmness seldom shown by a woman. When unotheryear had elapsed, bring ing no tidings of her husband, Mrs. Qordon became Mrs. Tosh, and my wife and the , happy bride soon became fast friends. . j 