ZIMELIGET LANTERN LECOTUR3. DuRIxo the last few years it has been the custom to hold an exhibition under the auspices of the Church of England, Yea, in aid of the funds of the parson age debt fund. This year the vestry decided to make a new departure and Mr. E. H. Stevenson, a popular lec turer, was engaged to give a cinemato graph and lantern entertainment on Saturday and Monday last. Mr. Stevenson, who arrived from England a few months ago, brought with him a large number of interesting views, and kept the attention of his auditors on both of the evenings referred to. On Saturday night most unfavorable weat her prevailed, and as a consequence the shire hall was only about half filled. The lecturer commenced by showing some beautiful, painted slides of pic turesque England, including views of the most.historic abbeys and cathe drals; also. some very pretty views taken in various parts of the mother land. The audience were more inter interested in the moving pictures illus trated, as they were by a powerful light. Amongst the films shown were the following:- "Hon. Gladstone's funeral,"" Boat race," "Photograph ing a ghost," "The Shamirock," "Ship ping on the Thames,"i'.The miller and the sweep," "Gale at Dover," "Pillow fight," "Fall of a chimney," "Diving at Douglas," "Step dance on a battle ship," "Reviewing sailors," "Phantom ride on an engine front," "Kissing." Also a number of views in a Norwich factory. All of these scenes were splendid representations of the photo graphic art, and were"greeted with hearty applause. 'A large number of other lantern slides were sliewn that evening, and the whole concluded with the National Antheol. The first portion of Monday even ing's entertainment was occupied by Mr. Stephenson shewing a long series of beautiful photographs, colored and uncolored, of Windsor Costle. Both the exterior and interior of the build ing were shewn, the lecturer, who was for many years a resident of Windsor, giving lengthy and interesting details of the pictures thrown upon the screen. Mr. Stevenson next proceeded to shew his cinematograph views, and in ad dition to those of the previous evening the following were the most interest ing :-" Motor car in London," "The sleeping coachman," "Jubilee proces sion," " Waves dashing into a cave" At the co:ilu.,iou. of the lecture the Rev. J. T. Baglin, on behalf of the promoters, thanked the audience for their attendance, and the lecturer for his very interesting entertainments. Mr. Stevenson said he was greatly pleased with his visit to Yea, which would always be remembered for the hearty welcome accorded to him, coming as he did an entire stranger to the district. The entertainment closed as isual with the National Anthem. It should be mentioned that Mr. Stevenson conducted the childrens services at St. Luke's Sunday School on the Sunday. He chose the story of a "Negro who travelled 5000 miles to see the Queen." The scholars were highly interested with the remarks of the lecturer. 