LAND FOR CLOSER SETTLEMENT. WARRNAMBOOL, Sunday. ihe South bhadwell and Shadwell Park Estates, of 5400 acres and 4000 acres re spectively, have been placed under offer to the Government for closer settlement pur- poses at what is understood to be a reason able figure. The estates are situated in trie Mortlake district, are intersected by the railway and are surrounded by well-formed roads. Both properties are w'atered by the Winrridad Creek, and the land is described as being of first class quality. It is ex pected that the Premier and Minister of Lands will inspect the estates this week. ARARAT, Sunday. Percy Schickcrting, aged S, was trying lo drive a nail into a gun cartridge, when it exploded and injured three fingers oi his left hand. Ac the hospital Hie top joint of the thumb and the upper portion oi two fingers were amputated. HAIUNSDALK, Sunday. Sime miscreant is plating "the ghost" joke in the West end oi the town, and a number of women and children, besides one or two men, have been frightened by the "apparition."— 'At the annual meeting of the committee of the Bairnsdalc Dis trict Hospital Mr. C. Lemaine was elected prcsi- dem by a majority of one vote over Mr. D. R. Williams.— The Mitchell-bridge has been closed for several days to allow of urgent repairs being effected, and all traffic for Che Bruthen and Omeo districts has had to go round by the \Vy Gung- bridge. The repairs are almost completed".— There are five candidates for the representation of the eastern shires group on the Board of Public Health in place of Mr. F. IV. Drevermann, deceased. These are .Messrs. 11. P. Keogh (Bruthen), J. E. IVorrall (Morningron), G. IV. Anderson (lVarragul), A. n. Stnitii (Oxl ej') and F. Hortsman (MatTra). The Bairnsdale shire supports Mr. Keogh.— The inspec tor of nuisances recently condemned a number of rookeries in the Chinese quarter as being unfit for human habitation, and these are now being de molished.— The head teacher of the Johnsonviilc SSifa3!!'0/ 'v ' ®'senan> has been com- pelled by failing health to resign. Mr. and Mrs Gusenan were on Thursday last entertained bv the aiatnct residents, and presented with several hand some pieces of jewellerv. . , . .BEECH-WORTH, Sunday. , , Proposal been made to amalgamate the gymnasium with the public librar?, and with the new of erecting a suitable building near the Jaorary for a gymnasium the committees of both S' /he A branch, approached the shire council for the purpose of getting that body to raise a loan of £700, to be repaid in 16 years by quarterly instalments, carrying interest. The proposal was favorably received by the council, who will examine the figures submitted before com- ing to a decision.—It is proposed to hold an art and industrial exhibition in Beechworth in Sen- tember, and a good working committee has been formed. It is intended to have at the same time a literary ana musical competition for prizes. \i tt s-i t « BIKOHJP, Sundav. Messrs. J. P. Ledwick, G. R. Godwin, G. Finley and R. . Hannon have been elected memhore of rno aaknnl )wn«,i A< .j..:.. n » . ; , , zz. vi uuwl-c in tne ner- riwillock district.— The Birchip brass band has been resuscitated after a lapse of three or four years. OOBDEN, Sunday. Tho competition for land in this district issuch Hwt many residents are disposing of their farms order to secure the high prices ruling. Messrs watt Bros, and Todd announce another large sale j iarn,s ncar Timboon. Mr. Hamilton, of Wingomzte, has leased EHng-amite Bank" for dairying purposes. t , , „ DANDBXGNG, Sundav. 4.in.n J. Macphenson, M.A., and Mr. \N. S. keast, Mr. A. J. Smith is a candidate for the representation of Dandenong and Berwick at next election, in opposition to Mr. Keys, 5I.L.A. r\ v -a , DONALD, Sunday. On a man named Alexander Oilder, a farm laborer, whose parents live in Melbourne. wo$ arrested in Donald a a lunatic wandering at large, and was committed to the Kew Asylum. ' w EOIIUOA, Sunday. The Pride of the has arrirved with 15 tons of -Mildura fruits, and about S00 bags of wheat from Swan Hill. She sailed again with a largo general cargo and passengers for Mildura. The -iriicu toUh red gum sieeperaand other timber.— During the week S4 trucks of sheep arrived at Echuca en route for Wanganella station The sheep are owned by Messrs. Austin and Millear and were brought to Victoria in the summer for pasturage. „ , , i EU-OA, Sundav. Much regret as expressed at ftlie loss of two pro minent townsmen, Messrs. Uandburv and S. H. Howell, who have been appointed as "managing di rector and secrdtury respectively of the Victorian CV)-operative Butter Factories (Ami pan v. The posi tion of secretary tb the local butter factory will be filled by Air. A. Parker, assistant to Mr. Howell for the past four years. — Foxes are causing great ravages, alonjy the ranges in the hilly district, and on some stations the losses in lambs are enormous. — A farm of 40 acres on the Seven Creeks, known as the kite W. Appleby's, has been purchased by Mr. J. Natkins at £10 30/ per acre.— The officer commanding E Company, V.M.R., has approved of the following promotions:— Corporal Redding to be sergeant; Privates Standish, H. Martin, Slee, Neil -and Garrett to be corporals. FERN TREE GULLY, Sunday. The shire council on Saturday received a letter froen the Lands department, asking what amount the shire was prepared to expend on the raids in the settlement, with a view to fixin" the Government subsidy. Tt was decided to reply that ihe council had no money available for the purpose, and could not borrow further, and that a deputa tion of the Ea5t riding councillors and settlers should wait on the Minister of Lands and ask for a special grant. It was decided to support the candidature of Cr. E. L. Vieussieux, president of the Berwick shire council, for a seat on the Central Board of Health, in place of the late Cr. Drever- man. Tlie council strongly object to the bill authorising contributions by municipal councils for rifle ranges. HORSHAM, Sundav. An unusual case was heard at the police court yetterday, when Oansrable Martin, Crown lands bailiff, proceeded against William Raggatt, for being illegally in occupation of Crown lands, 123 cection holding, in the parish of Carehap. Rag- gat pleaded his authority to hold the and on a n/iner's right, but this was shown to he inopera tive, since the land in Horsham district is specially exempt from occupation under miners' rights. De fendant was given a month in which to remove from the land. KYABRAM. Sunday. ; with the additions to the local mechanics' iiwitute, wlrieh will cost £359, Mr. IT. Unit t, .1 former resident, offered a donation of £5 if 19 others irould do the same. tOlcven names ore now down for £5 cadi, and Mr. C. C. Creaard Has given £15 15/, entitling him to life member ship of the institiitc. Preparations are being made for a Itrge bazaar in October to provide for the balance erf the cost of the additions. KYNETON, Sunday. Four boys named Harrison, whose father, Ernest Harrison, is serving a sentence in Pentridge for a serious offence, have been committed by the court to the care of the Department for Neglected Chil dren.— The shire council yesterday resolved to ask the Postal department to repair and paint the Kyneton post office, which President Hill described as being in a disgraceful state.—' The council agreed to co-operate with the Strathfieldsaye shire council in an effort to secure a thorough inquiry into the circumstances leading up to the running to waste of 2,000,000,000gallonaof water from the Milmsbury Reservoir; to join with the Municipal Association in opposing the bill to authorise contributions by munioipal councils' for rifle ranges; and to ask the Minister of Lands when he intends to have sold the Windmill Reserve, near Green Hill. L1LLYDALE. Sundav. Mr. Thomas Sweetnam has been appointed valuer to the Lillydalc shire. — Constable J. Tucker, who has been stationed here for some time past, has been transferred to Brighton, and Constable M'Caf- fery, of Romsey, Likes his place.— Tne Lillydale Ladies' Benevolent Society held their annual meet ing on Friday last, and Airs. Black was elected president for the year. MALMSBURY, Sunday. During July only 46 points of rain fell here, and the reservoir derived little benefit; but for the first three days of the present month 41 points have fallen, causing the gauge at the tower yesterday to show 2S feet. There is no doubt that before Uie end of the coming week the water will be running over the bye washes. MTNYlP, Sunday. At a meeting held at Kuchheim, near Minvip, it was decided to ask Cr. W. Petering, J. P., to be a candidate for Borung at the general election. MOOROOPNA. Sunday. The local waterworks trust has decided to strong ly oppose the granting of any leases for dredging purposes on the Goulburn River orJt3 tributaries, as the result of mining operations is now risible in the water supply here, mineral sjlts being noticeable on the boiler taps and cocks in the town. — Arrangements were made yesterday by the direc. tors and manager of the Goulburn Valley Wine and Distillery Company Limited to at once pro ceed with the erection of a fermenting house and crushing plant on the latest scientific principle. A private offer from Melbourne to take up 2900 shares was not accepted, aa the conditions were not in accordance with the co- operative action which has worked so well since the com pany started. — Mr. J. Duggan found a man named Alex. Stewart lying on the Undera-road in an un conscious state, and conveyed him to the Mooroopna Hospital, where he now lies in a serious condition. —Great dissatisfaction exists amongst farmers and stockowners who attend the Shcpparton sales, over the narrow embankment and bridge being con structed by the Public Works department in con nection with the levee works on the Goulburn close to Shcpparton. In view of the large stock crossings it' is urged that the embankment and bridge should be double the proposed width, k> as to prevent the possibility of a block or an acci dent. MURTOA, Sunday. The Murtoa progress committee have resolved to protest against the action of the Railifra.y depart ment in letting a portion of the local railway re serve to a private person, on the ground that if the land is fenced in the traffic to the railway statiou will be interfered with. PYRAMID HILL. Sunday. Reports from the C-ohuna Trust Deep Creek works show that the repairs are proceeding rapidly under the management of Mr. J. G. Starr, C.E. The trust is arranging to hold meetings and ex plain matters to the ratepayers before signing a petition to the department to nationalise the works, so that there may be no misapprehension as tpthe effect such a step would hare on the future water supply. At a special meeting of the trust the engineer was instructed to proceed to the department and submit for approval plans in con nection with the proposed extension, in the hope of the additional loan required bring passed by Parliament before the session closes. SHEPPARTON, Sunday. The agricultural society yesterday decided to support -a suggestion by the Agricultural depart ment in favor of the inspection and licensing of stallions. It was resolved to invite Sir John Mad den, the Lieutenant-Governor, to the show. Tne members strongly objected to paying the expenses of their delegate to the Chamber of Agriculture meetings, and if the chamber refuse to defray ex penses, the society's delegate will not attend' again. At the conclusion of the meeting Mr. J. A. K. Clarke, a member of the society for 20 years, and for a considerable time its honorary architect, was presented with a gold watch. TATURA, Sunday. Tie Rodney shire has during the past 10 months paid as much as £100 12/3 for sparrow heads, and £42 15/ for fox scalps. WA.RRACKNABEAL. Sunday. Miss A. Svmes, of Werrigar. East,- whilst return ing home from Warraeknabeal, was thrown from her horse, sustaining a fractured wrist and severe abrasions on the face. — A lad named Rivett waa playing with a pea rifle, when it exploded, and the bill passed through on of his flnzers, splin tering the bon.— During July the Borurig shire council paid bonuses on the skin s of 54 full grown < . WYOHEPROOF. Sunday. Cattle yards at Kaneira railway, station are ur gently required. Last week a farmer had to travel a mob of cattle by road to Wycheproof — 25 miles — in order to truck them for Melbourne, owing to their being no yards at Kaneira. — At Alessrs. E. Simpson and Co.'s last stock sales 19/4 was ob tained for . 20 fat merinoes, 12 months old.— At the revision court the. list of voters was passed unal tered. 