Theatre Royal. Ma. St. John's New Company. Tbo Theatre Royal oil Saturday night wns crowded in tho populur parts and comftif tahly filled in tho dress circle. Tho standard of tlio entertainments provided by tho Royal Bur- lesque and Specialty Compuny bos - been well maiutainod by now artists, who appeared for .tho first timo ou Suturday night. Tlie first part, "Yaohting," .went with good swing, nnd almost ull tlio numbers woro encored. - Selections from tho ''Geisha" were utilised ua an ovorture, and successfully given. Miss Adelina Piilmor received a warm welcome on iuuking lier first appearance. Sho Bang tho song " Mother of- tho Gii-1 1 Love," and recaivod a well-deserved recall. Miss Mnlvena Moore, in her Berio- comio song and 'dance,' '.' If You Want to Como In," sang well and diuiced'vivaoiously. Miss Moliia Bentiov sang tho song, "My Mother was a Lady," and in response to raauy calls sho gavo the now woll known coon song, " Dixie." Miss Daisy Chard wns ex ceedingly. bright in her speciality, "Honolulu , Queen." Mr. Tom Edwards was recalled for . his end song, "Rainbow Road"; aswusMr. Will Jonos for his rendering of tho bass solo, " Asleep in tho Deop." Mr. Blutcli Jones produood_ muoli laughter in his song, "Ma Maori Girl," -and throughout, tho evening kept tho fun going. His facial contortions and tho earnestness whioh he displays ovou in tho funniest parts Berve this comedian well. The new tenor .(Mr. Milford Havon) comes to Brisbane after a very sacccssfnl season with Mr. Harry Rickatds's companies. Ho pos sesses n sweot voice and deservedly secured a recall for his Binging of " Mary of Argylo."- Tho -second part was opened; by Dante, the " wonder worker," who continued to nastily the audience with his magio: ' . Miss Connie Mcliiotto -made a/successful' first .appearance ' in 'the'serio-coraio specialties "My Sister," ' and " Tho Allright Boys." Sho was encored, : and nddod another song. - Next enmo tho, Happy St. Qeorges. Those artists como : direot from New Zealand, and their appear ance with the company certainly ndds strength to it. Tho' performance on various musical instruments was exceedingly clever, and their byplay and ahnttar entertaining. Thoy received a very warm token of approval at tho conclusion of their turn. Miss Maud Fan ning )vns anothor artist who made her first appearaiicQ with this company, . but- who. wu3 a favourite in tbo J. F. Sheri dan company. Hor coon speciality and buok duneo were productive of an oncoro, and tbo turn wns repeated. Mr. Bert Bradley gained an oncoro for His songs "Tho Soldior'a Toast" nnd "There's Somotliing in tho' English After All." Tho Sisters Faust, a trio of acrobatic dancors, wore warmly welcomed. Thoy performed many graceful dances, mingled with aarobatio feats, and. fully, justified the. rounds of' applause bestowed upon thom. Mr. Geo'rgo Bentloy, - an-cccentrio comedian, was very amusing in his threo songs, "Havo a' Bit of Mino," "Another. Little Joke,"., and" ."Ma Conscience," und he ie hound to become popular with Theatre Royal audiences. The entertainment was brought to a, conclu sion by a farce, "Tho Ghost in the Pawn shop, in which Messrs. Bert ' Brndloy, Will Jones, and Blutch Jones took part. Tho antios of the . Isstnamcd produced roars of laughter, and made a fitting end to a very bright progrninmo.. 