THREE LITTLE MAIDS. BY ETHEL TURNER. (Mrs. R.H. Curlewis.) CHAPTER IX.-TRAVELS IN FOREIGN COUNTRIES. Surely this was a great step Mrs. Conway had decided, almost by herself, upon taking ? To cut herself adrift from friends and relatives, to leave this land of her birth, and her father's and children's births, to cross those thousands and thousands of miles of sea and to start life entirely afresh in some strange country, a solitary woman with three little children depending upon her for their very bread. Sometimes her heart grew faint at the thought of the immensity of her responsibilities. Then to strengthen herself she would sum up the reasons that urged her to take such a step. Phyl's increasing delicacy had made the doctor look very grave. During the last illness of Mr. Conway, and while death actually hovered about the place, he had seen the uselessness of suggesting any change for the frail little girl. But now that all was over, and the mother was desolately free, he Hold her, gently enough, but with no hesitation, that if she remained in England she would never rear her eldest daughter. Every winter found the chest more and more weak and exposed to the inclement weather. The slight colds that Dolly and Weenie caught and flung off so easily were each of them in Phyl's case a menacing danger. Mrs. Conway contended, day after day with the problem. If she were rich she could fly off with her darling at the approach of winter to Southern France or the warm slopes of Italy. But how could a widow, almost destitute, contend against so fierce and relentless a foe as the English climate ? When all business affairs had been wound up and all legalities finished with, she found there remained to her nothing in the world but the four hundred pounds left of Phyl's and Dolly's little fortune. She was pondering on the possibility of eking out an existence on that in some cheap French village, when the treacherous November wind caught the child again, and made the doctor more and more convinced that the young life would not flicker very much longer unless some radical change were wrought. " The only hope I can hold out io you, Mrs. Conway," he said at last, " is that you should take the little girl for a long sea voyage. And keep her away for all time from these vile winters." Mrs. Conway explained her straitened means, and how four hundred was the whole of her worldly wealth. " Well, many would he glad of that amount." he said, thoughtfully, " of course v but that—" he looked at her quiet, resolute face and her mouth's firm lines—" I know you are prepared for. Has Australia ever suggested itself to you ?" Mis. Conway gasped a little at the boldness of the idea ; but the doctor had so much to say in favour of the new land, the chances for work there, the climate, the voyage that would give Phyl a new lease of life, that when he went away she sat thinking, thinking for hours. She did not ask many people's advice, the friend and lawyer of the family, her brother and on or two other relatives and friends, came to the quiet Warwickshire home and went into the matter gravely with her. No one actually advised against it since poor Phyllida's life seemed at stake, but no one was very sanguine. Still, there seemed no other thing on earth to be done, and in one more week Mrs. Conway.had gathered up her courage and finally decided upon the step. It took quite a long time that first night to make the children's queer little heads realize all that the wonderful statement meant. Then Weeniie was the only one who chettered. Phyl and Dolly, with eyes lustrous with excitement, only gazed at each other silently while the splendid thing revolved in their heads. " Just like the Swiss Family Wobinson." Dolly said at last in a low odd voice. " Oh, Phyl, don't you hope we'll be wecked ?" " Oh thank ycu, Dorothy ; but I think we'll ask to be excused luxuries like that," said Mrs. Conway. " I thought you objected so strongly a week ago to starving to death —Where' would be the difference ?" " Oh !" Dolly said, " of clourse I didn't mean I hoped we got dwouned. Only just wecked on a dear little island where there were cocoanuts and things." But Mrs. Conway asked to be spared even that small diversion. " I only wish we could go over in a train," she said ruefully, for she had an unconquerable horror of the sea, though the small ones never knew it. Then she started up to go back to the letters and other work that preyed so heavily." " It nearly 9," she said ; " all of you run to bed at once. But 1 suppose you would never go to sleep without a little more talk. Phyl, if I leave you my watch, will you make Weenie wrap up and get into my bed at 10, and go to sleep yourselves— faithfully now ?". Phyl promoted to send Weenie off. " And I'll shut my eyes hard," she said ; " but I shall never go to sleep again—shall you, Dolly ?" " Never," said Dolly with a deep breath. Once in bed they reviewed the situation from every possible—and impossible—stand point. They had to picture the ship and the idea of themselves, not the personages of romance they so often were, but their ordinary every-day selves, sailing and sailing away over blue waters to a land where the sun shone always. They had to consider what dolls, books, and clothes they would take ; they had to wonder what cousin this and Alice and Nellie would think. They had to giggle quietly at the idea of going to sleep in blink beds, one on top of each other, and to shudder pleasurably at the thought of storms, and whales, and ships on fire, water- spouts, and similar dangers that they doubted not lay in wait for those who went to the sea in ships. They had to piece together their meagre information of that far-away country of the sun, and make a tangible place of it. But so difficult this proved, Dolly slipped on her blue felt slippers and bright red dressing-gown and stole down the landing to the small book-room, where were stored the atlases and the " Book of Travels in Foreign Countries." The only atlas she could find, however, in the hurry was an American one her father had often laughed at, and' had wondered in what way he had come possessed of it. It began with a very large and complete map of North America ; then followed one of South America, then there same a succession of twenty or thirty pages of the various States, even some or the smallest, least important ones, with all the most insignificant towns and villages carefully marked. Somewhere near the end of the book the compiler seemed to recollect there was a little continent called Europe, and, he struck in a bald map of it, with flip British Islands lurking indistinctly to the west. Asia and Africa, too, he seemed to include incidentally, but Australia had been quite beneath his notice, and only occurred as an almost unmarked island in the last map of all, Oceana. The little girls were not much wiser after a study of this remarkable work ; so they plunged into " Travels in Foreign Countries in the thirstiest way, quite heedless that the edition was one of the early fifties, and had been prized by their father chiefly for that fact. Strange things they learned from it ; the natives were chocolate-coloured, and fought with boomerangs ; bushrangers troubled the country greatly ; these were white outlaws, they found, who hid in the bush and then made raids on the stations. " You'd hardly think they'd be civilized enough there for railways, would you ?" Phyl remarked, by the way. Gold mines it seemed were plentiful ; the children paused to dilate on how pleasant a thing it would be, when money was running short, to go outside the thatched hut—they had agreed they would build this themselves, with perhaps a little aid from some friendly native—and dig with a " tomahawk " for a few minutes, till a nugget or two was unearthed. Sheep, too, seemed numerous—also snakes and strange-looking birds called emus ; an unearthly-looking thing, with an unearthly name—ornithorincus paradoxus, or the duck-billed platypus ; a strange unfinished-looking beast with two long legs at the back, the rudiments of two other legs at the front, and half way down its great length a pouch containing a wee edition of itself nibbling a bit of grass, " kangaroo or wallaby " said the note underneath,—"a harmless animal for all its looks ; indeed, it is frequently kept by squatters' children for a pet just as English children keep cats." " How would you like that for a pet, instead of Old Pussy Long Tail, Weenie ?" said Phyl, displaying it. But Weenie was so wofully tired and excited and unhinged she burst into frightener tears, and declared her intention of hiding in the cellar instead of going on the ship. The distraction, brought Phyl back to England and remembrance again. She put a hasty hand out for the watch, and her horrified eyes found the hands at a quarter to eleven. " It was only half-past nine when I looked last," she gasped, " and it was only about ten- minutes ago." " P—waps the hour-hand had slipped down," suggested Dolly anxiously. Phyl leaned over the table and blew the light out hastily. " For goodness sake let's say our prayers at once," she said. " What will mother say when we tell her ? Weenie, kneel up here quickly, pet, and then run off to your own bed." Weenie tumbled up wiarily on the pillow, " Bless me and everybody, God, and let me find my sreepence again ; that s all, pleass, Phyl." Dolly saw her into the other room, tucked the clothes round her and left her asleep before she could cross back again and begin her own devotions. Strange prayers these small girls prayed. They had a regular formula, in which " Our Father " came first and made them feel reverence, yet also fear, for the all-powerful God. Then 'they said the " Gentle Jesus " of their younger days, and loved with a warm, living love that tender Shepherd, who " In the Kingdom of His grace, gives a little child a place." And then came prayers begging for blessings individually for a number of relations and friends in an ascending order of affection. As, for instance—'' Bless Jane and Harriet ( or Hay'at ) and cook and old John, bless dear cousins Edith and Mary and Maurice and dear little cousin Annie, and let poor Alice Partridge's back get better soon. Bless dear Aunt Margaret aud dearest Aunt Ella, and—bless Aunt Anne ( the honest young tongues could not say dear to this severe, unbending sister of Mr. Conway's ). Bless darling, darling little Weenie's, and Dolly ( or Phyl ). Bless darling, darling, precious, sweet little mother, and make her quite we'll and strong on earth and very happy." ( They added the " on earth," for they knew alas ! that, like both the fathers they had lost, she might be " well and strong " and yet not be on earth ). And such was their honor now ol death and the pain for the ones left behind. " And pray, dear Lord," they added, sometimes with trembling lips, " don't let any of us die by ourselves, but let us all fall dead, together." A petition or two then came of a purely, private nature, for Christ was a tender Father to them, and they put up their wants in perfect faith, however trivial the were. " Oh, please," Dolly would pray, " if it is not wrong to ask, dear Jesus, will you let me say my R's quite stwaight like everybody says them." This was her keenest trouble. " Let me," was Phyl's petition at one time, " have quite straight hair, dear God, and a nose like Clara Cameron's. And let us be good to mamma, and grow up very quickly, and be able to do plenty of work to help her." Such long prayers Phyl used to say ; the two always knelt at the same time by the side of their bed, and began together, but Dolly had always finished first. She used to glance sideways at Phyl and wish she, too, could think of so many things to say. And Phvl—surely it could not have been, just to show the superiority of her extra years— used to kneel motionless with her pale face bent over her pale hands so long Dolly's respect for her used to increase almost nightly. She used to try and try herself to think of other things to add to keep her praying please, dear Jesus, let me have said everything Phyl has said." To-night when prayers were finished and they lay down with their arms around each other as usual they could not get to sleep, for their broken promise pressed so heavily on their consciences they felt they could not wait until morning to confess to their mother. So after a time of silent tossing and sighs—they would not infringe further by any speech—Phyl sat up. " You'll just have to go down and tell mamma now, Dolly," she said. " I'd like to go myself, only I suppose it would worry her a lot if I got another cold." So Dolly slipped out of bed and crept downstairs, this time forgetful of the warm dressing-gown and gay blue shoes. " Mamma," she whispered, creeping like a white ghost across the room where her mother sat surrounded with papers, " we forgot, we're very sowy, we've bwoken our pwomise. Mrs. Conway's colour had flown at this soft footsteps and the sudden voice. But the forgiveness was given very soon, for she remembered being a child herself, and had not forgotten how mysteriously time used then to fly away. She wrapped her daughter round in big shawl. " Are you sleepy ?" the said. Dolly's wide eyes and eager lips gave quick denial. " I want one of my girlies to-night, the poor mother said, and her lips trembled so and her eyelashes were so wet, Dolly knew just how lonely and grieving and anxious she was. So they sat on the sofa and had a little talk and a cuddle, and they kissed each other often, and said low, tender things to each other just as lovers might have done, and the ache in the mother's heart passed away. " Phyl will have gone to sleep without you," Mrs. Conway said at last—" I think you must go now, sweetheart ; I will come too, myself, when I have put these papers away." But Dolly petitioned to stay till that was done, and watched with unweary eyes till the litter had all gone. Then "mania," she said suddenly, and it was not relevant to anything that had been said that evening, or indeed for days, but only to a want that had pressed sorely at her heart l'or two months, " shall we have new dresses to go to Australia in ?" Mrs. Conway smiled. " I think it highly probable they will be necessary," she said ; " I saw Phyl's elbow nearly through her housefrock this morning." " Oh, mama !"—and the child rushed and buried her face on her mother's arm again —" Oh, mama, need I take my grey one ?" The mother was much surprised. " That pretty little frock," she said ; " it is the nicest you have, dear, and not half worn out, is it ?" " N-no," said Dolly, but a painful red was in lier cheeks. " Oh, please, please, mama, don't let me take it—oh, couldn't you give it away now, I've had it for long enough, and long enough, oh, please, mama ?" " But what is the matter with it that you dislike it so ?" said Mrs. Conway, puzzled. Dolly's voice was very low. " It isn't black," she said. " But it has a black sash, and black trimmings," said Mrs. Conway. " Phyl's is all black," Dolly whispered. " But what of that, my little girl ?" Dolly's head pressed closer. " It seems as if I don't care as much as Phyl," she whispered, and one tear fell right over her gold-brown lashes and down her cheek. Then the mother understood the frequent pain she had unknowingly caused the child by a small economy she had practised when the mourning was made. Dolly had had a grey frock trimmed with blue, and at the time of Mr. Conway's death it was almost new. Phyl's blue and crimson and brown frocks had all been laid aside and also Dolly's other coloured ones. But the grey one the mother had told the dressmaker to take the blue from, and substitute black, and it would make a useful housefrock. Years after, when Dolly looked back to her childish days, that trouble was clearest l'emembered of all. But she had said nothing then, for the mother had said it would " save n little." But to contemplate taking it to Australia with her broke down her fortitude, and for the first time Mrs. Conway understood what a real grief it had been. " To-morrow we will send it to Mrs. Jones for her little girl," she said ; " why didn't you tell me before, darling ?" But Dolly only clung closer and spoke no word, and they went to bed together. 