PERSONA LITIES. Mr. W..H. Gladstone was president of ' Pop '—tho Eton Dobating Society — and, according to ono of his schoolmates — who could hardly havo realised the pun ho was perpetrating — was very popular in that capacity. He was a splendid speaker, ( a brilliant fives player, and a vory usoful cricketer — in fact, ho was really a good all-round man. Tho Prince of Wales occasionally played cricket at Cambridge when ho was thoro, but tho- only formal match ho ever took -arc in was Between 1 Ziingan and tho Geutlomen of Norfolk, at Sahdringham. Tho Priuco wont in first— and went out first, for orickot balls havo not tho loast rospoct for royalty, and ho was bowled first ball. Howovor, ho was on tho win ning Bido, tho Zingari. Lord Jersey was a splondid runner when ho was a boy, and won tho milo at Eton in 1802. Ho was a good football player, but was delicate, and onco at tho Colloge was so ill that hia lifo was doapairod of. The Earl of Dudley must bo ono of tho woalthiosfc noblomon iu tho kingdom, uo owns about 26,000 acres, and his ront-roll is, estimated at jil2»,000. Hut this by no y\ moans roprosunta tho voal wealth ot tho 3i| Wards, for tho Earl is a Kron.t iiuno ovmor ,br and ironmaster in tho Midlands. Loid __i(je( Dudloy has estates in Worcestershire, ^ Staffordshire, Moriouothshiro, and Rox buri'shiro. naiti Tho Quoon of tho Netherlands has a UwLJ decided 'f ondnosB for pretty clothes. A lavo assortment of dress goods was senr, $ to °tho pnlnco tho other day, and hor inothor proeeedod to chooso tor tho Qumm £)R# gome alpaca and plain material; but Queen Wilholmina flatly refused to ab 1 10 thc u by tho seloction, and clioso figured silks 1. per \ and brilliant dross materials, ovon tor morning: wear. Sho said that hor loving - s pavont might mako uso of tho plain stuns ^ , if sho liked thorn, but sho wanted some thing prettior. V— — Nothing hotter illustrates tho strengm ? of tho Gorman Emperor's will than his ^ persistent and successful pursuit ot spoit & In spito of physical disqualification. _ ? Although his right arm is usoloss for shooting purposes, ho shoots with such industry and success that ho has poroon allv accounted for nearly 80,000 hond o£ emmo. His method of shooting is novel and ingenious. Whon tho quarry is sighted, his attendant plants a wooden forkod support in tho ground ; tho em peror rests his gun on this and fivos wiin his loft hand, without appearing oven to tako proper aim. Each day's score is cut with a knifo on tno wooaeu sui/pun. Mr. Charles Neufold, who for twelve years was a prisonor of tho Khalifa at Oindurman, had some very terrible ex periences. Ono littlo umusoraoflt his captors indulgod in was to blow their two great war-horns, mado from elephants tusks, right against his ears, nearly driving him mad. Thon ho was led out to bo hanged ; but he was repnoved at tho last minute, and thrust into a prison so donsoly packed that armfuls of lig.itca grass had to bo flung in by tho gaolm-s, in order to make tho unhappy pnsouo.s. squeeze still more tightly together. . ,-; .. Dr. JNowman iian saye wuu » n^n ..~ was a vory small boy his favourite book was the -Pilgrim's Progress '— ' 1 igip : Po'-ey,' as he thon called it. At nine ho started to smoke, and at tho samo ago k-lt off smoking for good, becauso of tlio un pleasant effects which dried cano cut into ci-'aiottos had upon his 'internaleconomy . At ton ho was sent to school, ana was' immediately forced by his now friends (o holp a small boy fight a bigger ono, with the result that Hall had his jawbone put slightly out of placo, and folt tho effects for many years afterwards. Dr. Hall must havo had a good deal of pluck when ho was a youth. He finished up his college life with a knapsack tour in tho Highlands with a friend. He naturally read up Sir Walter Scott beforo going, and found in 'Marmion' that Michael Scott, tho magician, was buried in the clmncol of Molroso Abboy under a big stone, and that at ono o'clock every morn in°- he was supposed to rise from his grave, and prowl about. Hall's friend did not caro about ghost-hunting, and stayed in bed ; but Newman Hall went to the old Abboy one night, locked himself in, and sat on the stono in the chancel, with a club in his hand, waiting for the appear ance of the magician. Perhaps the latter was frightened of the club ; at all events, he did not appear. Readers of Dr. Georgo MacDonald's . books will readily bolieve that ho took an early interest in tomporanco questions. The power with which ho describes tho evils of intemperance in ' The Fiddling Soutar's Last Tune,' 'Sir Gibbie,' etc., show that he has thought long and to purpose on these matters. How true this is may be gathered f rom . the fact that, . whon in his last years at school, before leaving his native village at the ago of fourteen to attends Aberdeen University, ?MacDonald was -a pronounced advocate of temperance, and used to hold forth among, his schoolmates at meetings which were originated and carried on mainly through his influence with his class- fellows. 