CONNUBIAL BLISS. MOTHERS OF ENGLAND. Better than collegc honours, Bottor than platform applause, Is to be tlia mothor of gallant men Guarding Great Britain's shoros. Bettor than Woman's Suffrage, Bettor than visible might, Is n mother's hand on tlio son's life holm; Steering his coursc aright. Butter than pulseless monument, Better than public acclaim, Is to live again in a noble son, True author of his fame. Mothers, dear mothers of England, Best bulwarks of Britain's shore, Guarding our country's greatness, With your motherhood strong and pure. Arming our English manhood With tho breastplate of your love, With the sword of national righteousness, The helmet of prayers heard above. Mothers, dear mothers of England, The angels might envy your might, The might of a woman's weulcnoss When blent with the courage of right. AN ABSENT MAN'S WEDDING DAY. When John Kcinblc, the great tragedinn, was married, he went to the theatre in the . evening, and acted as usual, and it wus re marked, with na much self-possession and tranquility as before. This was a great proof of the wonderful command that John Kemble had over all the springs of passion, quelling or pouring thorn forth at will; but the-real fact was that he had forgotten all about the marriage, for aftor tho play was over, instead of going home to his new better-half,and the friends who were waiting to talto a parting glass, and wish liirn ever so' much happiness^ he went to his bachelor's home; nnd tho friends wore astonished when ten o'clock came, and ho was to be at homo, thot no John arrived, Deither at oleven or at twelve. Oil to tho theatre three of them sallied. " Mr. Kemble loft at half-past nine." " Where did he go to, sir ?" " Ho was driven to the Temple." I'crhaps ho had gono to take a garcon'a farewell, and WBB lingering yet fondly over the remains of the bachelorhood. Arrived at tho door of the chambers, tho boll waB pulled once, twice, thrifae, .with no result, und thoy woro on tho point of going away when the window opened, and the great John asked, as he might of the ghost of papa Hamlet. " Who is tliore ?" " Why, Kemble, what are you doing there ? Wo liavo been expecting you these three hours, and your wife, Mrs. Kemble, is distracted." " My wife ?" replied John. "What ? Yes, I remember. .1 had forgotten it." And the innocent John soon let in his friends. Quite forgetting the morning's engagement to enact the part of husband for life, ho had gono homo to bed, tallowed his nose, and was quietly tucked in for the nijjht. What Mrs. J. K. Buid whoii ho was brought homo deponent said not. 4.4. Mrs. Gadd-I saw y'r husband on th' street yesterday. He looked vory solemn, I thought. Has he got religion ? Mrs. Gabb- No-o; it's ouly dyspepsia. .$.4 A henpecked husband said in extenuation' of his wife's raids upon his scalp, " You sea she takes her own lmir off so easily, sho doesn't know how it hurts to have mino pulled out." A Bible expounder, in speaking of Adam, said: " When Adam awoke from his first Bleep ho discovered Eve. 1 may_ hero bo . apropos to remark, that he was ' 011 tho evil of a great discovery.' But it turned out thufc Adam's first sleep was his last repose." When Briglmm Young received the boxes containing the important silk dresses and cashmere shawls for his thirty wives, I10 said to a friend: " Ah, if you knew the cost of these goods you would not believe for a mo ment that I practised polygamy as an earthly pleasure. No, air! it is with me a stern duty." ++ " Henry," cried Mrs. Von Toodles, grasp ing hor somnolent husband by the arm. " Henry, there are burglars in the house. Get up and go down." "Utter nonsense, my dear," returned Henry. " Y°u wouldn't have a man of my social position, associating with burglars, would you ? You astonish me." In King George II's time Lord E married three wives, who were all his ser vants; a beggar woman meeting him ono day in tho Btreet, made liiin a very low curt sey. "Ah, God Almighty blesB you," said sho, " and send you a long life; if you do but live long enough I may be lady E 4,4" Domestic Troubles.-"A nice husband you are! " said Madame in a passion. " You care less about me tlian about those pet animals of yours. Look what you did when your poodle, A/.or, died.'' Husband (quietly): Well,I had him stuffed. Wife (exasperated): You wouldn't have gone to that expense for me-not you, in deed." 4.4. A nobleman went to u pawnbroker to borrow a thousand poundB upon his wife's jpwelB, and said, "I want you to'take tho stones out of tho settings and put false ones in their stead, as I do not want my wife to know that I have pawned them." " You are too late," said the pawnbroker " for I purchased the real stones of my lady a year ago." 4.4. "The whisper of abeautiful woman," says Balzac, " can be heard further than the loudest call of duty." But the man who is creeping up stairs, with his boots off, at two o'clock a m., and hears the whisper of his wife as he Jeans over the banisters, in the darkness, doesn't think of her beauty. His chief thought is how much he would like to exchange hi boots for a pair of wings. 4.4. Infantine Innocence.-Little Ada and her mamma are in the brougham, with just about one second to spare in order to catch the train at the station. Lisette, the lady's maid, iB closing the carriage door. Ada in sists upon getting out again; she has not kiBBed her papa. She is forcibly detained and assured there ia not time. " Very well, then, Lisette, you go to papa; give him one of your sweetest kisses, and tell him I hadn't time to come myself." ?+ A child, while walking through an art gal lery with her mother, was attracted by a statue of Minerva. " Who. is that? " said she. " My child, that is Minerva,thejjpdde wisdom." " Why, didn't they make her husban too?" 1" Because she had none, my child." " That was because she was wise, was it, mainma? " was the artlesB reply. 