HUMOURS OF WAR. _ CAMPAIGNERS IN LIGHTER VEIN. (By "Chronicler.") An incongruous heading, say you? Mayhap. But, pathos and humour are as near akin as pity and lore. For there ls no phase of life, no matter how whet ched, no matter how cruel, that has not its silver lining-the God-sent humour- ous side. Happy the man, thrice hapoy the woman, who, in deepest grief, can i feel the tempering touch of humour. I have met bf late some of those who J have ? seen the grisly 6ide of life, men who themselves have suffer- ed from the deadly missile of a foe, men who have suffered by the loss of dear friend and comrade, and yet-and yet their mirth bubbles, their recollec- tion of some incongruous occurrence floats to the top of all their recollections, and the grief at .the loss of a patient, faithful friend is for the moment over ! come by some airy bubble of mirth I God-sent said IP Yea! God-sent, for it hath made the living man forget for the nonce his grief. ~ . The rest had gone. We-a few of the returned fighting men andi-sat silent- ly watching the glow that nestled in the bowls of pipis. "Î remember when we \- were oh the move towards the Rhenoster River,"*faid one of the returned ones, -dreamingly, "the first thing'I thought^ of was'tobacco. I hadn't had a smoke for-oh, dod knows how long. I struck ich empty house, and I found a coat hanging. It had pecksfcs all.over it, but ; nary siga of toby till, 'way, 'way down I in the corner of one pocket, I felt some 1 thing:. I turned that pocket ont, and gdthalf a fill of Boer tobacco--an' that's mostly dust any time,' ain't it, chap!; ?-an' half a fill of pocket huff. I never had a better smoke since-my mo- ther used to spank me. Oh, chaps, £hat i smoked-" "Want of tobacco didn't hit some of 'em so hard as want of a nip," said a -voice from behind the darkness. "First thing one of the chaps in the-well, never mind the crowd, you with the uote book-he was tender a§ a woman when ho liked, but he loved, oh, he did love a little bit of shick." "What's shick P" said the innocent one supposed to have a note book. ? uard stuff. Bum] Bum! Jamaica Rum!" - "Couldn's-have been sweeter on it than old- of ours,", said a man who had been with Roberts's Horse. "Came to some of" us after the little trouble we had at De Wetsdorp. "B'ys," he said, i "fwhat wud yes do wid the blashted j Oirish Boer that shot the bottom out of ye'er sperrit flask whin ye cot himf Luk at that, now. By the pig me mo- ther r'aredj av Oi had him here-! Oh, the dhirty divil. Av Tie'd shot the top off, now-but the -- Dutch Dub- lin corner boy that he is to go and blow a hole ip the bottom av it, an' it all l'akin' down me back where Oi.cudden't -git binifit av it. Oh ! the dhirty Oirish Boer-" "There was all sorts out there," said the one these boys called "Sis." "Funni- est thing I saw was an- Imperial Yeo- manry chap. Horse got killed. So he had to pad the hoof. Stripped his kit off the neddy, and started with his load, happy as Larry, tryin' to keep up with the column. Couldn't, of course. Fell behind till he was overtaken by the crowd followin' ten miles in the rearl .Lost yer horse P' says one of the ad- vance guard. TUBS? says the bloke. 'Hard luck,1 says the mounted man.' "Ard luck be hanged. This a blanky sight betterV ridin' a 'oss.' " Then we all had the same again. "Some of them Yeomanry chaps had never seen a "OBS' before, mim think it," said the man belonging to the irre- gulars. "And tho tests! What bally good are they? I didn't see the Cape- town tests, but I heard something about 'em. Some of the chaps said they were, nothiniï but a farce in one act." "Why, when I went to join Roberts's. they said, 'Can you rideP' - I said 'Yes.' 'Can you shoot P' I said TeB.' Then they said. There's a horse, and there's a rifle. 6et to the front with the next. You'll know your drill before we've done with you.' And I promise you I did." "As! eep. JackP" said the one they call- I ed "Stonewall" to the one whose little Mauser wound still gave him trouble, as he, Stonewall, striking a match, noted the closed lids of the man who would not be thought an invalid. "No. Just thinking. Thinking this that if ever I hear a man say a word against the Artillery, down he goes. In- fantry can lie down and. keep out of harm's way with ordinary luck, and mounted men can clear to blazes when the shop's getting too hot. But artil- lery, by Jove, they've got to stand and serve, ^nd take all that's going. And when it comes to shifting when things get too warm- well,- a gun limber can't be picked up an' run away with. I re- member when we were planted in a mea lie patch once-the Boers didn't know we were there, but they dropped a Long Tom shell in among us, on general principles, as it were. We shifted, quick and lively, but the gunners stood to it, and gave their little-lot back, "end then, when things got quieter, moved out as if they were going to church. Boys, the man that says anything against an artil- leryman to me-well, he'll have to take it all back. Why, if I saw a volunteer' artilleryman being run in by a police- man, I guess Td have a bit of the bobby if I got shot in myself." "Meet any. of the Canadians P" asked the man of peace with the pencil. "Oh, yes. They're' Americans all right. And their Colonel could swear. We taught 'em a lesson in formation, I think, if what he said to his men had any meaning. We were 'n bit «ahead-it was at De Wetsdorp-and pushing along in open order. 'Way behind us we could hear the old Blue-nose celling at his chaps. With a perfect tornado of richly variagated oaths, he asked why his men were huddling up like a flock of sheep. 'Look at thoEO-horse there. Open out. Tb ink this is class in «a -Sunday school ?', They opqned out,, after that. If they hadn't, one shrapnel would have wiped most of 'em out/ -v.. "Mirth cured more than medicínelo thc hospital where I lay." 6aid the Man with Some Wounds. "The poisoning of Jock of the Forty-twa brough±_inore con- valescents than all the medical stores south of the line." He paused, waiting for «-ncSuragement to tell his yarn. "Go on," grunted a-, voice in the_ gloom. "Jock was up and about, wh^n a man from Spion Kop was brought among Us. 'Get's a drink, Jock,' said he ene even- ing, and the Forty-twa got filtered water and added lime-juice. Navy stuff, y* know, not sweet. The man from Spion Kop sipped, and said. Take ft taste yourself^ Jock.' Jock took ft good taste. The Man from Spion Kop spoke. 'Vice soft of bloke yon are to go and mix me a drink with the lotion given me to bathe-my leg with. Why it's, deadly .poison.' Jock looked very solemn,»arid laid bis hand on the pit of his stomach. TTou don't "mean i o say you drank it.' I t>»id. -Of co'rrse A' did, mon. Didn't you laddie toll ina toP' *Well, I didn't think you'd be such an ass ns to drink leg lotion.'" . . ' 'The orderly came in just then. .. I caught his eye. and with the ghost of H 'wink, asked -bim -if he could give Jock -something .to save his life. " 'He's just had ajdrink of lee lotion out of that bottle there/ and I ported to the Vine juice. The orderly hustled rourtd and brought a pint of hastily mixed , brine, strong enough to float a pom-pom shell, Jock drank. There i your life's safe - -now, Jock,' said the orderly, and then the nurse came in. He told her of Jock's narrow escape. She fell' in witb^ the joke.- 'Jock,' she said, "You'd better get to bed at once. What do you mean by trying to poison my patient.' ?!Deed, sister, 'twas a' a mistake. A' thooht a' was gi'ein' .the puir lad limejoos. Then he told me to drink some and A' did. But mind ye lad if A' dee ye'll be triod for mauslochter, and A'll ca' ye for ¿a weetness. Ay A* wull ; ye needna laugh/ Jock went to his tent, and spent mose of the hours of darkness making night hideous with his efforts to get rid cf his load of leg lotion and brine.,. Some one must have given him the tip that we had been having a lark with him, for when he came m next morning to rçet the eggs he was going to cook for us; ho was beaming. "That was a graun' 30IC3 ye played me yestefe'en,' he said, add- ing* in a confidential whisper, 'but A1 kent 'a* thc while 'twas only limejoos.' 'And the briue. Jock?' said the Mau fróm Spion Exp, suggestively, but Jock .was on the road to boil eggs." "When Jock was,brought into hos- pital he was full of bullets," said the man in serge. 'Where'd you get that_ lot?' someone asked him. 1 Weel, ye ken A' was juist cooking a wee bit, ¿tir aboot, when ma cairtridgss fell out o'mi bandolier intil the fire.' 'Explosives, \ JockP' someone said, jokingly.. 'Aye. A' explosive. Verra explosive,' Jock said gravely. 'And what made your face .KO red?' 'Weel ye ken, A' had a wound ia-. ma facs so 'twas bandaged an' when A' was lichtin' ma pipe, the bandages caught fire^ and it's made ma face rather red in consequence.' Old Jock had a pate as smooth as an egg, but for about a dozen or so sandy hairs in 'a tuft. When asked bis age, on admission to the hospital, he said, Twenty-nine.' 'And the rest,' I said to him, 'why man your sixty.' 'Deed, an' A'm, no,1 he said, indignantly. TVell, you look it about the head, anyhow.' I said. 'Aye, that's because A' haven t had ma hair , cut for three weeks. A'll go an' see aboot it noo.' We were never quite sure . whether we were pulling Jock's leg, Nor he pulling ours." "Up with us was the cutest chap for a doctor I ever saw," said the Irregular ?Horse man. ' "And quick, too. Tvhat's up with you?' 'Bad cold, sir.' Tirsfc door on the right. Nexti What's your troubleP' 'Dislocated thumb, .sir.' 'Door on the left. Next.' Next hr J symptoms of everything in the family medicine book. "Old Pius listened to him till he'd^done. Then-'Orderly, give this man a tombstone. Next.' " 'T only saw. one doctor funk on it -all the time I was there," said the Koberts's Horse man. "He was with a linc regi- ment, and would not face fire when some of his chaps were dropped, and badly wanted attention. There was ones, of Ours that had thrown up a country prac- tice in the colony to enlist, and he took on the job. Those Tommies don't for- get him, you take it from me." "Ever hear of De Wet's Own?" asked the Friend of Everybody. The pencil pusher had not. 'There was a squadron of. the Blank shire Yeomanry fell into the hands of some of De Wet's men. The Boers didn't hurt them. Just took their ac- coutrements from them and turned them loose, with instructions how to get back to their regiment. TRun away home to your mudders, boys' De Wet said. 'What, ain't you going to keep us prisoners?' asked some in surprise. Ho,' no. Why, I can get you any time I want you.' " "Anyone knota-the truth, about the Household Brigade P Is it a fact * that they did a scoot?" It was the ma.n of peace who spoke, but never an answer came. There was a long .pause. Then11 brie said, "Well, I've seen war. I'm not sorry Tve seen it, but I think thc artists ñn the London'papers ought to have their necks, broken. They're . teaching the people that "stay at home a lot of'lies. They draw pictures of . men fighting within 400 yards of one another, clouds^ of smoke and everything copied off a picture of Waterloo. Well, most of the time I've been under fire, I never saw . one of the enemy, and I never saw a . puff of smoke except once, in the Free : State, when their artillery was using black ppwdcr. My father was in the -th Hussars. I was born in the regiment, and my brother's in a* Hussar regiment in South Africa now-never saw him aU the time I was there. Hard luck, eli? What I was-going to say was, I come of a soldier family, and, after seeing what I've seen of this war, I reckon that the more people go on inventing long range weapons and high explosives, the more humane war will grow to "be, till some day there won't be war." "Sis" broke in here. "If you're.goine to start that United Service lecture On war, I'm for bed. Come on, Jack, old man"-and two of these great boys with the brown of the veldt on their 6kins, and the tenderness of a woman in their hearts, helped4 in their wounded friend, who was still an invalid, and would not have it so._- _' 