HER MAJESTV AND THE EMERALD ISLE. [Feom Oc7b Own Repkesentative. ] London, April b. Within the past few days the Queen hfts become dearer than ever to her loyal sub jects on account oC bcr thoughtfulneu in arranging a triangular surprise for them. First, her Majesty on three successive days last week drove through the streets of Lon don, and was cheered as only Englishmen can cheer; serondly, the fact that she not only lias permitted but enjoined the wearing of the shamrock by all ranks in the Irish regiments on St. Patrick's L\iy, March J 7th ; and last, certainly not least, her decision not " to be abroad at thiB time," but, instead, to vifit Ireland, where her son, the Duke of Connaught, is commanding the army. The visit will take place early next month, the Viceregal Lodge (depicted in our sketch) be ing the rcsidcncc of the Queen during her stay. A year more than a half-century has elapsed since httjtajesty visited Ireland for the first time, Subline and thirty years have ' iped since ,she%aid her last visit. When the Duke of York went there three years' ago, he was most hospitably received. The forthcoming visit—being of asocial and not of a political character—is a genuine Compliment, and cannot but awake en thUHMm in the breast of the most phlegma tic Hibernian. Tbc Queen, it may be re called, fan never visited Ireland before in the spring, her three previous visits to Dablin—in 1849,1858, and 1BG1—all having taken place in August. It was on her last visit to Ireland in 1861, when her Majesty entered Kingstown on August 2lBt, that the Queen, who was accompanied by Prince Albert, the Princeof Wales, and the Dukcof Edinburgh, first saw the Killarney Lakes. Scouted rery prettily In the famous /Hcenlx Park, lew than half an hour from metropolis, yetas oompleteiy.syivan in OTrrouBUiDgB as Jf it were fifty tallies dis Jthe Com: try, the Viceregal Lodge ,«11 the cunutetltUes'M a really \ bghomc. The honsc itself lies on the frltight band side of the central road of the fcptU'k aa one approaches from Dublin. It was! onilt in the middle of the I8th century. f':T%eBanger of tbcPhaenix Park In 1761 w#» /St %he bight Hon. Nathaniel Clements, and he it m who inilt the elegant lodge for his % .private residence. Thirty yeare elapsed, •• and the Government purchased it for the iy '."'iue of the Lords- Ijientenants of Ireland. y From time to time it has been much ea >;; -lMged and beautified, whilst the ground immediately surrounding the honse, and :'■. separated from the public portion of the IVpatk by a wide sunk fence, has been laid out l::; id gardens, and planted with considerable : The windows in the south fagade t$tamiwad a most picturesque vista ot ? ' sraoehix Park, whilst againBt the horiton the ; . fctae line of th<k Dublin and Wicklow hills jnttjr .be seen stretching away southeast to -*foo confines of the county Wicklow. The ; chief entrance to the lodge is from the .j'-'HorUi fide. The drawing-room is ezcep tlonally spacious and chaste with white and gold colouring. The Viceregal Lodge muBt V 'not be confounded with Dublin Castle, an ft. older and more baronial-looking pile in >f\ ■ tlastle Street, right in Dublin city, and is a: associated more closely with the high cere «*OKmlal functions of the Viceroy in Ireland %'■ Jiere be holdB his "drawing-rooms," with all ' the ceremony of a' Court, in the Throne ' Boom. It is one of the customs of these >f auctions that each debutante, on being pre sented to his Excellency, receives a kisB on ,. the cheek from the representative of her V ati; jesly. It was from a window pf the I "Vioereg&l; Lodge that Lord Spencer, one day in JMay, 1882, saw a slight struggle in the •" Midway through the park. It was not until j - i#n htmr pr so later that be knew he hod been p.**!witness of one of the tragedies of Irish tyfjlitory—the assassination of Mr. Burke and jfi-Lotd Frederick Cavendish. Happier days now come to the country. * .. .: ' JBABL JUSD 00UOTBS8 CADOOAN. " .i J ■ "Ibb new Afar Order regarding the wcar "green immortal ehanroek" is VliBpp; thought on the part 6t Her Majesty, and e&nnot; but do much towards erasing the bitter memories of 1798. The ahamrock la the trefoil. Whilst the Druids used it to core dfieaset, the Irish uae it a« a national emblem. Brond tella u« in hia " Popular AntfqafUcs" that when St. Patrick landed near Wicklow to convert the Iriab in 413 the pagan Inhabitants were ready to stone him He begged to be heard, and endeavoared to explain the Deity to them as the Trinity in Unity. They failed to understand his teach ing until, picking up a trefoil from the Cround, he said, " Is it not ai possible for the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost as for these leaves to grow upon a single stalk V Then the Irish were immediately convinced. An old writer says that the " Christian Irish bold the seamroy (shamrock) saored because of three leaves united in onb (talk. The " seamroy " is alluded to in an Irish-English dictionary as " clover, trefoil, worn by Irish men in tlicir hats by way of a cross on St. Patrick's Day, in memory of the great saint." Speneer, in his view of the state of Ireland in l(i!l6, speaking of "those late warres of Mounstcr," says the people were ho reduced that, " if they found a plot of watcr-crcsscB or shamrocks, there they docked as to a feast for the time." It is also inter esting to note that the Welsh also lay claim to St. Patrick, and that the Welsh Fusiliers are required to wear the leek on St. David's ! Day, March I, for "rouse" and "tattoo that it has been the custom since 1675 for : all members of the Northumberland Fusi liers in parading on St. George's Day, April 23rd, to wear a red and white rose in their busbies, and that in the 18th Royal Irish Regiments the shamrock is interwoven in the colours and the decorations of the uni form. We also give portraits of the Earl and Lady Cadogan. The Earl has been the Viceroy or Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland since July 8tb, 1895. He is the fifth Karl, ind was born in 1810, sneceeding his father in 1873\. The first Baron was a general officer under Marlborough, and the present Karl is a grand- nephew of the first Dukfc of Wel lington. Binoe 1886 Earl Cadogan has been an honorary colonel of the City of London I Regiment, and he is also hereditary trustee of the British -Museum. In 1878 be was M.P. (or Batfa, in 1875 bccanac Parliamen tary Secretary for War, from 1878 to 2880 was Under-Secretary for t*|c Colonics, and officiated as loid Privy Seal from 1886 to 18B2. In 1865 he married Uuiy Beatrix, fourth daughter of the Becona Earl of Craven. Earl Cadogan'a heir is Viscount Chelsea, the Conservative M P. for Bury St. Edmunds. 