NOVEL. GAPTAIHMOLLY, By MARY A. PENISON. CHAPTER XVI.— (Continued.) . ? There's not the ghoBt of a chance. Now put on the the hat,' said Molly, and then stood back, her head on one side, her glance critical. * Try the bonnet,' she went on, deftly lifting the pretty trifle of silk and lace. ' Ah, that's- it ; that , aigrette was just what was needed. My dear, I hope he will see you. You've no idea bow pretty you are.' As the two girls left Paradise Flats that evening, they met Sebastian bringing baby.Bassett homo. The child's beautiful face lighted at sight of them, and, with a babe's quick, heavenly smile, he held out his little arms. Beine followed, very petite, bright and delicately fair in her new muslin dress, which Molly had helped her to finish the day before. ? ' We've been taking a long walk,' whis pered the happy little wife and mother. ' fie has not had a bad turn for a whole week — and God bless you!' she cried softly from a full heart. CHAPTER XVII. IN THE SECTOR'S PJtW. In fine artristocratic case. The chapel was brilliantly lighted, the congregation large. Molly and her friend were given seats in the side that formed one wing of the chapel, and Ensign Harry shrank into the corner of the pew, as far from the glare of lights as possible. The chancel was decorated with flowers. On the edge of the velvet-lined lectern stood a vase of calla lilies, every one a perfect blossom, white, massive, and fragrant. forward. Molly felt her dress grasped hard, and knew that this was the Rev. Mr. Flagler. She had no opportunity then to form any conclusions as to his appearance, for she felt the weight of Ensign Harry, and feared that she had fainted. She turned. Tho English girl, indeed, made no sign, but Molly drew a little closer, obtained possession of her hand, and thus they sat, the one nerveless and constrained, the other striving to impart her own strength to her friend. In the rector's pew sat two women, one tho rector's wife, the other not 60 young, dressed in a tan colour silk and wool travelling dreBS, her bonnet nodding with tiny plumes, her small hands exquisitely gloved, in one of them a prayer book bound in old ivory. In her face there was lack of spiritual beauty, but the correct classical outlines, the heavy-lidded blue eyes, and the faultless complexion be trayed a Saxon origin, and the 'air aristocratic' breathed from all her move ments. 1 r Molly's heart sank. She had sometimes resorted to the chapel on Sunday evenings with Russell St-i-cy, and she knew which was the rectory pew. She said to her self, — ' That woman is rich, refined, well-born, and worldly, and she is tho wife of Mr. Flagler.' And the expected lecture commenced. The hand enclosed in Molly's grasp grew cold as ice and then trembled violently. Smooth, eloquent, and versatile, the ad dress moved on. The lecturer looked about him a good deal, a bold self assertion in hij glances — or so Molly thought. ' He is effeminate,' she mused. ' That face, with the over-large eyes, the small mouth, the florid complexion, and the smooth expressionless forehead, iB not the tace of a man willing, if need be, to fight lor. the truth. Prosperity is his God ; poverty would make him pusillanimous and a slave to the great. I don't like him.* But now something unexpected hapr pened. The man with his sweeping glances at last took in the pale, beautiful, Berious face of Ensign Harry, framed in the dainty stylish hat. For one second he turned wiiite, swayed, and clutched at the lectern. Everbody saw his agitation, everybody wondered. Then he took a glass of water, wet his parched lips, braced himself anew, and went on with his well-ordered address, but not once afterwards did hiB eyes wan der from the written page. ' After all, he must have loved her,' Molly eaid to herself, with a sad, forebod ing heart. Amid th9 low, decorous, murmuring swell of voices that goes along the aisle with the people as they leave the temple, one could hear the comments of the con gregation. ' Very nice,' said a lady near Molly, who would have screamed at the thought of touching elbowB with a Salvationist. ' Quite eloquent. Did you see the lady iu the rector's pew ? That is his bride : this iB their wedding trip. She is very rich,— indeed, enormously wealthy, so I hear, — and a lady by title. Yes, he inade a very tine match} clergymen are sometimes vUte fortunate, don't yon know ? Ofc, yes, a little older than he, I should think But that' bonnet-^wfeii't'It 'a'KrSmfl; 'Well, she caj6 afford it : she has millions.' . Ensign Harry olntched Molly's arm just then. As they went out of church it was quite late and very dark, ' Don't speak to me ; don't, please, say a word,' the English girl murmiirad al most convulsively. ' It is all over, and I — am punished.' And then, in less than' a minute afterwards, in a voice full of anguish. ' Why, don't ' you talk ? . Oh, Molly, Molly; say something to comfort me, or I shall go mad.' 'Let all fail if heaven fail not,' Molly made answer, in a soft, sweet voice. 'Oh, thank you, thank you,' the girl spoke rapidly. ' All has fulled ! How do I know but , heaven will P Oh, Molly, he saw. me !' she gasped. ' Yes, he saw you, that was evident to i me, and puzzling to the congregation, no doubt,' Molly answered, asking herself in silence what his wife would be likely to say to.him about it. \- * A mist came over my eyes. Didn't he stop ?' Harry asked. 'He not only stopped, but almost lost his wits. Somebody said coining out that it was spasms of the heart : people always act that way from that cause.' ? The voyage of memory !' Ensign Harry murmured. 'Oh, no, he can't have for gotten. And his faoe — what did . you think of it ? Ah me, why do I ask P* ' It was not the face of a high-toned man — I mean in the best sense of the word. He likes good dinners and flattery in moderate doses. He couldn't preach for his life if he didn't write hiB sermons.' ' Oh, Molly '. is that your estimate of the man I lovo ?' She had not yet nerved herself to speak of his wife. ' Of the man you did love,' said Molly. 'It is a sin to love Tiim now that he is married.' Ensign Harry was silent after that. ' Let me go into your room, dear,' she said, as they went upstairs together. She took off the pretty trifle of silk and feathers. Ab she held out her hand, a far-away look in her face, a stirring blast came from a cornet, with the click of oastanets . and the roll of the drum, as the men and women joined in singing 'Rescue the perishing.' The Salvation section marched sturdily along in the street below, on their way from some gathering. Tears stood in Ensign Harry's eyes. ' Blessed little company 1' she said, her voice trembling, ' humble, faithful, happy! Here, Molly ; thanke for your kindness, dear,' aB she handed her the bonnet. ' I'll never again take off the badge of my — liberty — wherewith Ohrist hath made me free.' CHAPTER XVIII. COUSIN Lucy's REIGN. The road to home happiness lies ore r small stepping-stones. 'My dear Molly,— — ' I saw you last night in St. Luke's Chapel, clothed and seemingly in your right mind. What does it mean? Why were you at the lecture delivered by the celebrated English clergyman ? Are you coming back to the faith ? T lit night you were at home. It cannot be that you prefer the slums ! Your cousin wishes you to return. She is lonely (I don't re member that you ever considered it lonely here). I had a letter from Russell Stacy. He was in Paris, — said nothing definite as to his return. ' Let me hear that you have come to your senses. Isn't there a commandment in some old book, 'Honour thy father and thy mother' ? To be sure it doesn't say obey, but I am old-fashioned enough to think that to a father obedience is due. However, I don't force you. If you won't leave, stay till you tire of them or they tire of you. ' Your Father.' Molly had often written to her father, but the banker had never answered her letters. This was the first written word she had received from him. The sight of Molly dressed as he had been wont to see her, bo touched his exacting heart that this short note was the result. Lucy, his neice, had been for a time very happy iu the midst of all her finery. When first invited to become a habitant of her unole's home, her delight knew no bounds. The large, cool house, a parlour and boudoir secured to herself, seemed literally like paradise to her. To have her own maid, plenty of spending money, and a fine wardrobe, was as near being in a state of beatitude as she could imagine. Molly's maid stayed on because she was confident that Miss Stanley would come hack some time. She could not endure that any one should take the place of her well-beloved young lady. ' She never gave herself no airs, she didn't-,' muttered the girl. ' Anyone could see which was the lady.' Molly had declined more than half the invitations she received te social gather ings. Lucy aocepted every one with eagerness, Consequently she was some what faded that first winter, and her uncle often waited for her till the toast was cold. ' My dear, Molly never kept me waiting,' he said now and then, and his very soul rebelled against the edict he had given that his daughter was not yet to oome to the house. ' The little fool ! the little aiank fool !' he would mutter, between hi/ teeth, only '.is profanity was very much more pro nounced. ' But she is true grit ;' and he ended with a fit of admiration for her conrage. He seldom went into society, so he heard but few of the remarks of the busy bodies who pitied him and condemned Molly in the same breath. Home was not the same to him now. - He was a proud man, and in his way very fond of Molly. Her stately beamty, — at least she seemed stately to him, though ; she was by no means tall, — her sweet good-morning kiss, — Lucy seldom kissed him, and he did not care for her to do so, — her real love for him, for himself alone, — Lucy's face beamed only when he gave her her allowance, -{-her whole graoions loveliness, in all home ministrations, were constantly in his memory. Lucy helped him on with his coat some times ; she kept hie dressing-gown and ; slippers in the right place ; she tried to remember what made for his comfort j but was not always successful. Molly never forgot things. Her habits wero fixed. CHAPTER XIX. THE P&OFESBOR;'s VERDICT. The meaning of harmony goeB deep. The windows of Professor Andromos's musical conservatory were open to the soft breezes of the ocean. The professor lived iu an unfashionable quarter of the city., but iu spite of that he was the musical lion of the day. Everybody knew that he chose the placv because of its beauty and healthfulnesp, to say nothing of the size of the monster rooms. The professor gave instruction only in piano and violin. The latter instrument, in his hands, told wild BtorieB of love and romance, and he was daily petitioned by courtly dames to give lessons to their ao-.m and daughters at fabulous rates. : Opposite the house was an old-fashioned square, daintily laid out with flowering shrubs, trees, and Southern plants. Iron ^n«&fiet-f; wfefehikiptoofts ftat'Ktomy ' Qartia.The'quiver of late blP«aoras, sent dancing By the boft air, etarred!hersoul to 4-eU-dy. Her deep, lustrous, 'spiritual efyes moved -delighted from one ' floral beauty to another. ' A ' j Nan was neatly dressed, yet bore the impress of poverty in some curiously un defined way. ' Perhaps it was tho'sttanp that -penury. suffering, and self- denial Hid left Upon her face, and that Clung to her person. ! Her hair, abundant, glossy, and care fully dreiBed, flowed in loose, short curls from under a prim little hat.- Lying across her lap, the' green baize hag in which she carried her treasure, held in place by ashapely hand, appealed 'pathetic- 1 ally jto the passer-by, proclaiming her vocationas that of a street musioian. Once or twice the' child looked opposite, np to the window banked and hanging frith exquisite wreaths of colour, and Contrasting delicately with ' the pearly gray tones of the great house, built over a mturv ago. -? Presently the door of the great mansion opened, and a young girl came , out, lightly patting the heed of the stone lion that guarded the steps. | ' She has a splendid dress on, like all the rest,' murmured Nan, with a little im patient sigh. ' And some of them come in (carriages, -she irent.oii, as ft handsome {equipage with glints of yellow light on the {panels drove np, and the footman opened -the door for his dainty mistress. 1 ' Ah,- nobody seeniB to be coming out any more i now it is your turn, little beggar.' She drew from the pocket of her dress Molly's letter in a square white envelope. Meantime the professor was through with his work for the day. He left the piano, where he had 'been busy evolving a bright Sweet prelude, and stood looking into the squarfe, his face framed in the vines and gorgeously coloured blooms that he cultivated in window pots. A knock sounded at the door. ' Come in,' he said, then in a more im patient voice, ' Come in. Don't yon hear? The door opened. The great' professor stared and wondered. Never had a creature so hopelessly plebeian crossed the threshold before. Generally his usher, a gorgeous creature in gold and blue, heralded the visitor with a card on a silver salvor. How came this one tin heralded P ? The lower door was open, sir. I didn't ring, but' came upstairs,' 'said the child in a frightened voice. ? Ah? I'll1 give Pierre the devil for this,' growled the professor.' Then, ^ seeing the child's frightened eyes, eyes like those of some startled, beautiful animal, he changed his tone : 'Well, well, child, quick, what do you want? I haven't a dime — no, nor a penny ; but. good Lord, there's a quarter — take it and go. I can't waste my time, youngster.' * Oh, sir, I didn't come begging. Did you -think I. had, to you? I .don't want the quarter, sir. I earn quarters, myself, sometimes. But yon see my father was a musician, and I'd like to forget. Here's a letter for you, sir.' The child had hardly recovered from her fright, but she was a brave little thing, and swallowed the lump that kept rising in her throat. This man looked so .grand, so utterly out of reach, in his black silk velvet dressing gown faced with red satin, and the plush smoking-cap. under which his grey hair curled like a boy's. His eyes were very, black and piercing, too, and seemed, to look, her through and through. Yes, she was brave to keep her courage up and. the .tears down. His pupils were generally more afraid of him than she. Taking the letter, the professor went to wards the window, where . Nan's startled, anxious glances took in all the glory of the Southern verdure. He put on liis gold-rimmed glasses, and red as follows : * Dear Professor Andromos, — 'You will rememberthot Ihavebeenyour pupil ever since I was six years old. That was for twelve years. ? Now I have a favor to ask you, a very great favor. I don't know that vou will care to grant it, but, ah ! if you only will ! ' Little Nan Gartia, who will hand you this letter, is a protegee of miiie. I think, though a, poor little orphan of Italian parentage, she is a' diamond in the rough. If not, then surely I am no judge of precious things in human nature. She haB also a violin that must be of great value, for it has been in her family, as far as I can learn, nearly two hundred years. Her great-great-grandfather played upon it, and it nas the appearance of extreme age, as well as the Bil very, , resonant tones of a masterpiece. Please, dear profeBspr, don't frighten the little creature with your patrician manner, and sent word to me the very least for which, .you will give, her one lesson a week, that is, if in your estimation she is worth the effort. . I have found her quick, teachable, and far .beyond her age in musical, matters. She is, I think, gifted with remarkable genius. ' Your friend and pupil, ' Molly Stahlby.' ' Ah 1' and a strong face took on a gleam of good nature as he pulled his long droop ing moustache. ' I can't refuse what my child asks me, can IP' He loaked np reflectively. His 'child! Molly. had always been from the time he first looked over her golden head at the . grand piano and laughed bcaiir' the little one could not reaeh.fche pedais. He cast a furtive glance at thp Igirl standing there. . . 'Good eyes,' he said to himself, under his breath.' Presently he. saw- a, solitary tear roll over the pale brown ,ch,eek.. The sight, touched him. ' So you have an old violin, eh ?' he said, briskly. ? Want to sell P-' ' Oh, no, sir. It belonged to my father,* she said, simply, ' and my fattier is dead.' ' Ab, so : dead, is he ? Did he play ?' ' He played ? in orchestra. Once he was a leader; but after his 4ong sickness he lost his place. At last he had to 'play in the street to support mother and me. Mother is dead too,' she went on, in- a low voice. (To b# continued.) Italy's income from foreign visitors is estimated at J38, 000,000 a year. . There ere fewer suicides proportionately in Ireland than any European country. A large hailstone cracked in twain as it struck thp road .in Kentucky, during, a hailstorm, and out stepped a lizard two , inches long. ' ' Asia Minor was the chief opium market until the twelfth century. The Chinese obtained the _ -drug in the thirteenth century. Residents of England have JE1 10,000,000 invested in mortgages in foreign countries. These investments annually drain the foreign countries of about JB8, 600, 000 in hard cash. Waves travel faster than the wind which causes them, and in the Bay of . Bis cay in calm weather a heavy sea fre quently rolls in on the coast twenty-four hours before the gale which causes, it arrives. 