Sygterteg of Crime, I In 1880 a woman’s body was dla* ' corercd In a cellar, under the paTement, of a fine mansion in Harley-street. Tl'.n butler of the family in cleaning out the cellar came upon a cask, and within , that cask he found the body preserved in quicklime, which had been used, no doubt, with the idea of preserving it, but the opposite result followed. Decomposition had, however, gone too far to make recognition pos-ilde. and there was never the slightest clue to the identity of the criminal, or of that of the murdered person. The woman had been stubbed to the heart. Nothing whatever was elicited in the house it self. It; luid been occupied by the saute gentleman, its proprietor, an unimpeach ably respectable person, for at least twenty yeans, and be could throw no light whatever upon the mystery. Keen where a bo.iy lias been clearly identilied, and within a short space of time, the solution has not been reached. Let us take some of the less familiar cases as recorded in the criminal his tory of other countries. There was the murder of “ the pretty cigar girl.” ns she was called, Mary Rogers, of New York—the foundation, indeed, of Edgar Allen Poe’s famous story, “ The Mystery of Marie Koget,” although he placed the scene of the crime iu Paris. Mary Rogers left her homo oue evening for a walk iu Hobo ken, on the Jersey side of the Hudson River, and was never afterwards seen alive. Some days later iter body was found floating itt North River ; site had been strangled by her own lace ilehtt. i liy-and-by the traces of a tierce and mortal struggle were found in ;t neigh bouring wood, mid in due course several arrests were made, till of men supposed to have been desperately iu love with Mary Rogers. Every one was able, however, to establish his innocence, al though one, by named Fayn, subse quently committed suicide near where the crime was perpetrated. This mysterious murder agitated the whole of the United .States to an extent unparalleled, except by tile murders of Presidents Lincoln and Garlield. and no .satisfactory cine was ever obtained. Not. long ago. at the death of the to bacco merchant who had been Mary Rogers's employer, and who as years passed bad become a very wealthy man, certain facts were said to have come out which in a measure implicated him I with the crime ; but those do not seem I to hare been more titan a. vague story ! of ids being haunted on his deathbed ! in Paris by the ghost of the -murdered girl. Ollier cases of a similar kind have occurred in the United States. There was the murder of Sarah Cor- i nell, who was at first thought to have j hanged herself, then said to have been killed by a .Methodist minister ; but he was acquitted, and the deed, now proved to lie one of violence, was al ways a mystery. So was that of the girl fished up from the liotrom of Manhattan well, in the days when New York was a small place; but rite murderer who .had first stran gled, then thrown, Gullelma. Sands down tlie well was never discovered.— I'Tom " Cassell's Family .Magazine" for April. 