CHINESE MISSIONS. In a discourse op China at the Port Con gregational Church on Sunday evening tbe liev. J. C. Kirby observed that the Chinese originally came from the south of the Cas pian Sea, between four and five thousand .years ;igo. Being an absorbent nationality, like the Russians, they have absorbed the aboriginal tribes of China. He dwelt upon the durability and virility of the Chinese nation, which lie attributed to their re spect for parents, the universality of mono gamous marriage, their respect for the. mar riage covenant, and the sexual moderation of the mass of the Chinese farmers, united to their intense industry and obedience to theiii laws. He pointed out the intense literary character of the Chinese, and how entrance to and rise in the public service constantly depended on passing literary ex aminations. The Chinese power of acqui sition is such that in Euivopean Universi ties they have shown themselves equal to the best students. But they show no ten dency to speculation or to advance the realms of knowledge. Down to the minutest }>oints, the private and public life of the Chinese is governed by the ancient books and by prescription. The great but hum drum Confucius impressed upon China a prosaic system of morals, which ignore poetry, speculation, imagination, and reli gion. lint, prosaic as the Chinese are, the nation could not eridure to limit itself to such humdrum, and felt after communica tion 'with the superhuman and.eternal world. So Tanisa and-Buddhism have been widely accepted. The Chinese profess two , religions. at once, and the moral system ;.oi Confucius, which is apposed to both the religions in principle, an'd also he believes in luck, ghosts, and fate. The experience of China in relation to Confucius aaid mora lity demonstrates that nations will not content themselves with secular mora lity, and that there is in' man an undying aspiration towards the divine such as Christ and the gospel alone can satisfy. The Chinese, by an experiment of two thoiisand years, have demonstrated the absurdity of secularism. The Roman Catho lics have' had missions in China for morb than 200 years, and at times have met |>]ood.y persecution. Protestant missions began practically about 50 years ago. Dr. Morrison, of L.M.S., had done necessary preliminary work, had created a Chinese Engligh dictionary, and had translated the Bib<e. Now all the Protestant Churches of Great Britain, the United States, Germany, Scandinavia, Canada, and France have mis sions. Hudson Taylor states that there are 100,000 Chinese Protestant communicants, (there is at leiaist the same num ber of adherents t in addition, an'd -40,000 children in the schools, so in all there are about a quarter of a million of Protestant Christians in China, and all "theBe,-a8 well as a larger number of Roman Catholics and Greek Christians, are' exposed at, .this time to persecution, torture, and death. Many of .them have been kiLed by the Boxere. Thecomibined Protestant Churches sj>erid About £380,000 a year on Chinese missions. Within a cen tury there will be 600 millions of Chinese. If Protestants do not mission them the Rug-. sians will, and bring them into the Greek ; Church under the Czar, and the Roman Catholics will mission them for the Pope. Protestants must do their utmost to Chris-. tiatiizeCliin.-f inordei'to preserve liberty, and to fonvard the true progress of the world. - The effects of the missions have, been great ; ; they have diffused large measures of Euro pean knowledge, and has distributed the Bible, the supreme book of the world.' The result in conjunction with the operations of the telegraph, the steamship, and the rail way has. been to shake the authority of the old system of Chinese belief and life in the minds of myriads. Hence the conservatives of Chjpa have felt and do feel intense antagonism to all missions and all Euro peans, which together number some 9,000 or 10,000 persons. The lives of all these Europeans are, therefore, now in great peril, and many must have perished. .The leader in reaction is the present EmpreBS Dowager, the de facto ruler of China. Early in the* seventies she brought about. the massacre of the French Roman Catholic missionaries and nuns and Consul at Tient sin. However, this is the final kick of old China against the pricks. All the people of the Western, which is the Christian, civilization are combined to bring the Chinese to order, and to oblige them to give free cdurse alike to the religion, the science, the agriculture, the mining, and governmental ideas of Europe, Again,'as in all ages, Christ will conquer. 