SHORT STOliy. THE SURREE AT MAHON'S. Vstr people, I think, oan over hovo boon toipcoflBod by tho liveliness of littlo Killy moon, sot in its nook nmoug tho lonosomo ZZ flvnd,.nl00rl?ua' ita ono llumb-° mZki,?n 1- b.° wolona of a sparse cabin sprinkling whioh utrowa white Hooks on tho for-awoopiDK uroon folda. W baAlatonoa o' 0 Bt«HH plot half a sunny tt,,! ^ly fHun,,or;Bt°™-- Yet to fe,iU^A-SZS5SS13i; pluoo alio hud aoon in nil hor sovontcon ciuik1?0; zc doopor among tho wildoat town-lands, with SpS'-SJS anomdor, to oonnoot it with Millymoon. Sho hud left bohind thore, throo months ago, her foeblo old grundfuthor and alert old grandmother, in a tiny, hlgh-perohcd oabin, whioh felt a world too wide for its othor in awollors, whou thia third of thoir livos hud gono. And ainoo thon thoro had boon muoh travoUing ol thoughts to and fro botwoon it and tho Cays prim, whitowaahed farm house at tho foot of Sliovo Glasarna. At first Bridget had mado tho journey as oon Btantly as hor grandmothor ; but alio was young and busy, and in a now plaoe, and as the weeks wont on eho beoamo moro pro oooupiod with what lay immediately before Tho.Surreo at Mahon's, fixod for a day in Uhrntuias weok, waa tho moat exoitiug of J . tho fresh prospeota that unfolded thomsolves, and was looked forward to with muoh ploaaod interest by Killymoen at larr/o. | ?There hnd honn nn u,,-..™., « ? :„u bourhood during a long spoil of bad tiuiea ; but this year matters wore lookiug brightor, nnd old Barnoy Mahon, who had a thrifty turn and a oommodious kitohon, was . encouraged to raako a venture whioh pro mised fair profits at n email risk. For a flurco — whioti has, with quaint effect, bor rowed ita namo from polito French — ia a sort of subscription danco, littlo moro olaborato in ita arrangements than aro tho kaleys, or oonvorsfizionos, that boguilo so many wintry hours in Donegal homos when all tho dark out-of -doors hurtles and plashea with wind and raiD, and the neighbours drift into thoir places round soma appointed hearth as promiaououolv as n wrimt.h nf rW leaves swept, rnatling, together by an aorial eddy. At a aurree each oouplo pay a ehil ling, but no refreshment is expeoted savo frngally-diapenaed tea ; and tho fiddlor is oontent to scrape for a modest fee and his ohanoos of small ooinB from tho danoers. Dark Hugh MoEvoy, being Barney's oousin, was willing to supply tho musio for tbis oooasion on speoially easy terms j and, in short, oiroumstanoes oonspirod to mako it seom desirable that Barney Bhould moot the often expressed wishes of his younger friends by announoing the first aureo of tho season; It wonld be Bridget's first taste of any formal dissipation, and Rose Casey, hor master's niece, and Kata Daffy, his plough man's daughter, who lived in the yard, set her^ expectation on tiptoe extremely by their aooonnts of like entertainments. Kate and she were to go togethor, as it ia the onstom to attend surrees in oouples. Theaa often aro formed of a oolleen with the boy who is 'spaking' ' to hor, but often also a brother nnd sister make a pair, or any other two friends. Rose CJasoy was to marry Peter O'Donoghue at Shrovetide, so aha wonld, of oourse, go with him — a fact of whioh she made a little parade to Bridget, who felt, however, perfeotly oontent with Kate's esoort. A sweetheart of her own would have seemed, indoed, an alarming possession: Hor mistress had advanoed hor a shilling out of her quarter's wages— a whole pound — and sho had expended tho Bizpenoe left, after seouring her admission to the surree, upon a splendid red glass broooh, whioh made her think her equipment very oomplete. But just when everything seemed gliding most smoothly towards the delightful goal, an obstaolo oropped up and threatened to overthrow all her plans with one disastrous jolt. On a oertain frost-spangled morning the postman brought to Bridget a letter whose oontents agreed with her wishes us ui oa a uusu ui vinegar wouia nave aoue with the thiok oream whioh Bhe was ohurn ing when the mail arrived. Her grand mothor wrote to say that ' she thought bad of Biddy to be trampin' tho long way her lone from Killymoen to their plaoe, and that old Billy Molloy was slippin' over wid his pony and a gatherin' of eggs to the Maga more on next Thursday morning, andud give her a lilt it sno d start along wid mm when he wonld be goin' baok. So Biddy I had a right to ax lave of her mistress, and oome home wid ould Bill, who'd turn a bit out of his way to piok her up ; and real SI ad they'd be to aet eyes on hor again.' 'or Mrs Oassy hud promised Biddy her ohoioe of three dayB in Christmas week to anend at home, dairv work beina? alaok. Bridget had looked forward to the holiday with a glow of ploaBuro, and meant to take it on tho Friday, whioh would be Christmas Eve, and tho day after the surree. But hor grandmother's injuretion was not compatible with this arrangement. 1 Sure, I'd misa all tho fun and every thin' if 1 took o B and went wid ould Bill. I wish he and his baato of an ugly skewbald 'ud keep themselves out of bother' when they aren't wanted,' she said, half-orying, to her friends Rose and Kate, as eke showed them the letter in tho kitohen. ? Hueha, good graoioua 1' said Robo._ 'You wouldn't ever think of going P Just bid the ould man step along wid himself, and say you'll oome on Friday.' ' But mo grandmothor 'd be rale vexed if T J ~ ? « »£!?««. nAinn --\nf nf hlB A. UUUU UlUb, ttuu uo aibOJ. gvjug w — — road to call for me,' said Bridget, doubt fully. ?Well, then,' said Kate, 'you might write and tell her not to send him. This is on'y Tuesday ; there's plenty of time; and I'vo a stamp in me box this long while you'ro welcome to.' «Ay, to be euro,' said xvobo * and flay l mo aunt oan't spare you oonvaniont afore Friday.' 1 But/ said Bridget, looking diaoonoertedi ' I'm alter sending hor word be Judy Flynn that I'd got lave to oome any day at all thiB 4 Oh, botheration to it I' said Rose. ? Then say you're too bad wid a could, and couldn't be thravelling that far. Bedad, I heard you coughing this morning fit^o fall in pieoes like a head of the witherdy geranium thoro. Morebetoken the red one in tho windy corner's dkropping itself into the pan of buttermilk whoie you'vo sob it, 'J Un mnnin' If ftTlf nf tllftt.' ' I have a hoavy could ^ on mo, suro enough,' said Bridget, coughing to oonvineo herself; but hor disoonoerted oxproasion remained, and sho fidgeted about uneasily. 4 For the matter of writing'— Bhe saw ' you Bee the time I was getting mo sohoolin 1 did bo mostly minding the sheep— and 1 oan make some sort of an offer at the read ing, if it's wrote pretty big— but writing oneself is auaro nigglety work.' ' Moroy on us, girl alive, if that b oil ailB you, I'll write a letter for you moBelf in a mim.it: and a half,' said tfose, witn aiuuruy. ? Bedad will I. Suro, I've wrote to rater times and again, whon ho was stopping away at ilanohoator. So don't bother your head about it; lave tho regulation of it all | to me. I've plinty of paper miself, and Kate 'ill give her stamp.' Bridget agreed to this plan, though not without Bomo qualms of oonsoionoe, wtuon made her refrain guiltily from inquiring about tho detailB of its oxooution, thoreby giving Bono a froo hand, of wluoh sho availed horsolf without muoh soruplo. Sho had an imaginative turn of mind, and a tasto for flotion, so hor story grew undor her eoratohing pou, until in tho ond h!io pro duced a letter purporting to oome not from Bridget, but from herself, nnd donoribing Bridget s indisposition as not a slmplo cold, but an attack of pluasory-uowmonoy. Thia formidable oomplaint would hinder hor from returning with Bill Molloy. ' But aho'll oomo,' wroto Reno, ' as aoon as ovor sho's nblo. And that won't be aforo Friday, anyway, if alio ovoru it at all.' Tho lant olaueo atniok hor as giving an effootivo ooioplotenosB to the con, position, and aho road it over with a compluconoy whioh did not tako into aooouut how it might bo SDollod out in tho bleak littlo hillside oabiu off away at LoughdrumoHk. Tho ovoning of tho surroo arrived in due oourHo, ana wltu it a fluttor of snow, HWirling on rough and unruly blasts. Silvor-whito throads and stitohoa had boRun to embroider tho purple folds of Siiove Qlaaarna boforo tho minto desaondod muff ling and blurring ; and the paths crunohed crisply undor brogues, and mado oold olutohoH at baro foot by tho timo that tho noighbours woro annronnhini/ Unrnnv Mahon's door. Thoy romarkod to ono unothor that it was hardy weather, and added that thoy woro opt to havo it aovero, whioh iB Bomo dogrooB worso than hardy. Fow people, howovor, had boon duuntod into staying at homo, nnd thoro was muoh shaking of powdor flakes out of ehawl-folds and off rough coat- sleeves at tho ontranoo to Barnoy's dustily-fiiokoring room. When Rofio and Kai*« and Bridgoc got thoro, whioh thoy did as jon as ovar thoy oould finish ' reading up' after tea, moBt of tho oompany had nssombled, and danoing was about to bogin. Robo'b tompor waa p.omowhat ruffled booause Peter O'Donoghuo hnd not kept hit, promise of coming to escort her. But hie aistoru now hastened to explain how he had boon delayed by tho Buddon illness of thoir calf. 1 Howanoer, tho basto was coming round finoly whon thoy loft,' they reported, and Petor would bo after thou in no time. So his fiuncaa was appeased, and oontented herself provision nay witn Jjarry Buiuvan tor a partner. ' Faix, now, it's only an odd turn tho rest of us boys gats wid you these times,' ho said to hor gallantly, as tho fiddlor struck up. ' No' or a uhanoo wo havo at all, unless when tho luok keopa him that's luokior away. Do not supposo that the surree danced jigs. Later on in tho ovening a oouplo might Btand up and perform ono whilo the others wero recovering thoir breath ; but at tho oufaot it waa a vigorous round danoo that began to gyrato with a stop whioh, though porhaps not recognised in any academy, kopt timo to Hugh's musio with mnoh aoouraoy, and made light of the difficulties opposed by an uneven mud floor. Tho orookory on tho dresser jingled merrily to tho rhythmioal beat of tlisir feet, and u»uu ytui. oi uuuumg iioaas tnat passed in front of it might bo seen to mako an abrupt dip down and up again. This was caused by an unusually deep hollow whioh oconrrod in that part of the floor, and Barney Mahon, looking on with the olders from their oirole round the hearth, observed it, and said, ' Bogob, I muat aeo to having that houle filled up boforo next time, or else somebody 'ill be tripping up in it, aud getting a quaro toss.' Tho other spectators sat well oontont with their share of tho entertainment. Pnn geutly-pnfiSng outtie pipes solaced the men, and tho women kopt their knitting noedlea twinkling ; in faot, they would almost as aoon have left off breathing by way of rest and relaxation. For fnrther amusement they had the affairs of tho oountry-eido to disousp, enlivened with an ooaasional anecdote or riddle- Dan (Joligher bad juat propounded ono of tho latter, whioh success fully puzzled everybody who had not heard it before— ' A brown lough i Wid a whita stand, I Sorra tho ship oould sail round it, ±-ut 1 oould nold it in me hand ; and ho was triumphantly explaining, ' Suro, a oup of tay,' when two people oame bolting in at the door, whioh they forthwith began to seoure behind them, as eagerly ob if they were shutting out some deadly peril. They said nothing, but their speeohless hurry was moro suggestive than words* ' Whethen now, Peter O'Donoghue and ?Wml TTinoolla ?cjl,nf' o „„„ „4- V„ flouncing in on the people that a-way ?' said Barney Mahon, somewhat affronted at their unceremonious entranoe ond dealings with his fastenings and furniture. ' That's a great ould slamming of the door you have —and what for wonld ye be jamming tho benoh again it, unless you're intending the next body that oomes through it to ba uroaKing nia snma r ' Troth, I only hope it may — and its neck, too — betweon ub and harm — if it's offering to oome in on ub — I do so,' said Peter O'Donoghue, panting. Ho left his oomrode to finish barrioadinnr the door, and nnahed himself further into the room, until several groups interposed between him and the dangerous point. ' After us it may bo this minyit of time,' he said. 'Och, but that was the quare fright I got— the aaints look down upon us this night.' ' It's herself below at the ould arate to night,' said Nod Kinsslla, who was oalmer tban Peter, though evidently muoh alarmod. ' Aud morebotoken it's not inside aho is this night, but sitting orouohed up on the bonk be the path* And the grab she made at Poier going by ; indeed, I thought ho'd never got his coat tail wrenohod out of her ould hand.' ' It might as well have been caught in a rat trap the way Bhe held on,' said Peter. ' I give you me word, me hair's standing on end yet, fit to riso me hat off tho roof of me hoad, what wid that and the onnathural ; aoreeohes sho lot — I wonder you didn't hoar thnin here. And it'a mi belief aho net off legging after us— goodnuBS preserve us 1 only I was afraid of me life to look round and see.' Those tidings spread general oonsternation among the company, as, under tho oironm atanceH, they well might do. For only a few hundred yards down the loaning lay an unoient burying ground, with its ruined ohapel and weed entangled tombstones, a a plaoo whose ghostly reputation had long been established at Killymeen. In parti' oular tho wraith of a little old woman was often to be seen of an evening peering out through the rusty gate bars, and sometimes Btretohing forth a fearsome hand to pluok at the unwary passer-by. But her appearanoe I out on the roadside was a now development, unpleasant hearing for people who would presently be obliged to take that route home. Tho danoo oame to a standstill, and in its stead a aeries of dismal ghost-stories bogan to oirole round tho room. Porhapa tho most gruesome of them was Niok Corolan's. He rolated how he had onoe lived in a plaoe where thoro waa in the middlo of tho yard a deep well, out of whioh on oertain moonlit nights a dark figare would emerge, and go gliding round and round it, making a wider and wider oirouit, until she reaohod tho house, at whose door she rappod loudly as she passod by. And whenever that happened thore would be a death in tho family boforo the twelvemonth was out, as sure as fate. A general shudder f^U thill rlnnnnnmnnf. nnd old Mrs. Linders made a particular application of it by romarking gloomily that it was a poor case to havo tho likes of suoh orathurs about ; but Mrs Coleman, a oowoly matron, who oontinuod to sit by the fire unperturbed, aaid plaoidly, in a pause, ' Sorra a bit of harm thoro is m it this night, I'ma-thinkin'. TO 4-Ka unan nnirhhin' if'n ATlf. t/- lift' juBt boon some poor body after missing her way in tho snow.' ' Troth ond bedad, thou it was tho quare body altogether,' Petor asseverated, 'and tb hair of tho head, ob £ waa tolling you, bristling straight wid tho dhroad of hor tho first minyit I oomo nigh tho plaoo.' ' Ah, tmro, roiuo poopto's as ready at that us a dog at imokiiu: hi-', ohm,' aaid Jooy Nolan, ' Maybe wo'd a right t-- no look in thoro o'er n ono in it. Some crathur might bo ntraying nbout poriahing, and it snowing again an thiok nu nhoop's wool.' ' Bogor, you won't porauado mo to «o fooling along wid you,' aaiu Potor; 'I oouldn't bo getting mo hcola out of it fast onough. May tho aaints havo mo auwl, but I thought I'd loao mo lifo afore ovor I landed inaido— and horo I'll atop. Nobody nnnd hn nxin' rrin (Vu« rlivil ft fnf fMl fliw » * Good pooplo aro aoarco,' Joo observed, sarcastically ; but Potor wont on iu a h, lf oomplaoont tono . ' Ono whilo it '11 bo atoro I'm tho bottor of that frightening I pot Every mortal bit of mo in n thrimblo wid it yot.' ' Muaha thon, you gaby, oan't you whinht, nbout it, instoad of to bo tolling ovorybody tho Bort of ould polthroon you aro ?' Roso Caaoy whiapored to him fiorcoly, roady to ory with mortifioation as sho saw significant smilos passing round at tho oxponao of hor hnppily unoonsoions betrothed. Ah sho spolto tho door resounded with a hoavy thump, whioh mado thoso who woro standing noxt to it hop baok with a soaroely dignified haato. Somo of them tried to oarry it off by protending that thoy woro moroly getting ont of ono another's way, whilo somo shrieked unfoignodly, and abovo all ojaoulationa roso Potor O'Donoghuo's voico, shrill with undissemblod torror, saying : ' Oh, to goodnosa, don't opon it for your lives. Run that othor form again it, you that aro widin raioh. Meroy bo among us, sho's apt to havo ua all deatroyed.' ' Arrah now, will you bo lotting ua in out of that, you jaokassos, you?' shouted a voioo reassuringly familiar and irate. It woe young Larry Sullivan, who had Blippcd out through tho baok door a few minutes boforo, and whoae impationoe at being kopt waiting had nothing supornutnral about it. Despite Petor's remonstranco-i, tho door wag thrown open, nnd diaolosed Larry Branding tall against a baok- ground of glimmering white, in a gloom which, whon you looked into it anywhere steadily, grow full of wandoring flakes liko scattered breadcrumbs. Beaido him appearod a smaller figuro, whom ho pulled indoors along with him, bototo anybody well had timo for terrific surmises, and whom the firelight showed to bo a littlo old woman wrapped up in a powdered brown and forlorn-looking, aa she peorod round from faoa to face, all atrango, all comfortless — but no ; for tho moment Bridget Doran sot oyes on her Bhe sprang nt hor and caught her in a great hug : ' Why, granny, darlint, and is it yourself ?' aho said. ' And how at all did you come this night in tho snow f It's kilt you aro entirely. You oan't over ha' oomo wid ould Bill Molloy ?' 1 Ah, honey, I thrampod it,' said old Mrs Doran. ' Sure I oouldn t rest aiey thinning ma littlo Biddy was took that bad away all her lone among the Btrango peoplo. But finely you'ro looking, glory be to goodnosB. 'Deed, now mo heart's been fit to break fretting evor ainoe I got tho letter' thia morning, saying that beliko you wouldn't over it.' ' And I to be danoing round like a zany betwitohod, and you all tho whito atreeling through the snow,' said Bridgot, with aouto remorsa. ' It's sorry I am I lot anybody send yon suoh owld lies. ' But' — looking indignantly nt Rose — ' I only said to Bay that I had a oould.' ' And I lost me way iu tho dark,' went on Mrs Doran, plaintively, ' ana what at all I'd have done, I dunno, only for tho daoint boy ooming ; for nought else the othor two 'ud do but let yells at mo, and run away like soared turkeys.' ' Creeping along under the high bank Bhe was, tho orathur, whon I met her,' Larry meanwhile was tellinpr tho others, ' nnd soaroo able to contind wid tho blasts of the win'. And sez sho to mo : ' For tho love of (jod juat Btop to toll me am I anywhores near the Casey's houBe*' And sez I to hor : ' Ia tho Quarry Farm you're wanting V and sez she to me, ' Ay, it's whore mo poor Katey's little daughter, Bridgot Doran is in servioe, and dying wid somo manner of out landish siokness ; it is to har 1 am going,' sex she. So sez I to her, ' If it was Bridget Doran sho was wanting, I'd aeon the girl three minyita ogo, and ne'er a sign of dying on hor whatsomever,' und I just brought her along hero. It is perished and stupid tho orathur iB wid tho oould; You'd a right to get her a onp of hot tay, and a warm at tho fire,' conoluded Larry, there upon bestirring himself to superintend the i oarrying out of this prescription. Ana a little later he prompted his mother to offer Mra Doran a. night's lodginga at their house olose by, thus entailing upon themselves moro hospitality than they had foreseen. For of the Surree at Mahon'B all's well that ends well oould not quito be Baid, as | somo of tho guests woro disposed to say prematurely when the assembly was break ing up. 1.0 begin with, old Mra Doran naa oaught a very bad onill during hor snowy wanderings, and now had a severe illness whioh endangered her life, and obliged Bridget to pay many an anxious and oonBoience-Btrioken hour as a fee for het deoeptive letter, while a difference whioh she had text morning with Rose Casey about tho unauthorised mendaoity of its contents iea to a puuauuuui uuunu^ uuwu of their friendship. Moreover, Rose, on the very same day, spoke in suoh scathing terms to Peter O'Donoghue with roferenoe to hifl panio on the night before, that even liia impenetrable self- satisfaction was touohed, and a violent falling out ensued. The oonsequenoe was that no wedding took Elaoe at Shrovetide ; and the last time I ad news from Killymoen ' there was no talk of it at all,' bo the breaoh may be con sidered final. In faot, it is commonly sup nnnnri that lin had Mn inn uotionof transferrins his attentions to Bridget Doran. But I happen to know that the only one among the boys she thinks of is Larry Sullivan, whom she always remembers gratefully as the rescuer of her grandmother. Wheroas, if Larry fanoies anyone, it is Kato Duffy, Whenoo it appoars that some rather oom plioated oross-oarrents in tho stream of lifo flowing through Killymoen havo started from this Surree at Mahon's. 