SHQRfl? sTO liY. Two Old Levers. {Continued from last week.) Theylived bo quietly that she escaped to ..great extent the coriousquestions ofthe . gosBips. The -one or two who contrived to «uc Iter if her marriage ; wonldnot now takaplnoo she answered with & gentle dignity and. reserve that disarmed them. These ooncludedtkat, with unnecessary delicacy, themarriage was not to be dis cussed till old Michael had lain the orthodox twelve months in* grave. 'A yBar more or lees can't matter to them,' said Mrs Piper, the doctors wife, and _ people with smiles or with pity, ac cording to their natures, accepted this \- view of the matter. The months went by monotonously, and things remained in just the same way. Willie had never spoken of marriage,, and was never likely to now. And Jane aged rapidly. She grew very thin as time went on. and quite lost the soft roundness which had helped to keep her figure young. Many peoplehad remarked on how thin she was growing before the fact was borne ? an on those who saw her every day. When Willie discovered it at last, she made light of it. 6 .I am growing old, Willie,' she said; 'I wall be an old bag of bones presently. We all made thin old women in our family. You remember Aunt Maggie, Molly f I shall be just like her. But the thin ones are the strongest, after all,* She used to make a jest of her leanness after that, drawing attention to bird's claw's her fingers were becoming and to her thin wrists, with a nervous laughter which for a time deceived herself. She fought hard against her bodily weakness, and would let none of her duties fall on her sister, however tired the evening might find her. At last Willie Maturin's slow eyes were opened. He had come in one evening, to find her asleep in her chair. Something in the worn face and quiet attitude terrifiod him. For a moment he stooped to listen for her breathing. Then, without waking her, he went out to Mary in the Kitchen. His whole aspect h&d; changed. An immense fear had filled him with an energy strange to his nature. He had closed the parlour door very gently, but he burst in on Mary wild and excited. ' What h&B; come over Janie ?' he cried. . She id asleep in her chair and looks like a dead woman.' 'Oh, Willie, don't speak of such a thing. It .isionly that she has been rundown lately. She will pick up when the spring comes,' ' Dreadful,.dreadful!' he cried, walking Tup and down. ! It looks to me, Mary, as if had gone near losing her. Oh, how . blind and dull X liave been I' ' We will send for Dr. Piper.' ' Piper is no gaod. I will drive over myself in the morning and fetch Dr. Had don from Normanstowe. She must have the test advice money can procure.' * We mustn't frighten her, Willie.' _The. man Btood still and stared at her. Big drops of sweat were on his forehead, ana his disordered imir stood up. ' You look like a ghost, Willie. You mustn't look like that when she sees you, or she will suspect something amiss.1 .I shall not frighten her, I .promise yon. Howlong, is it since Bhe began to grow ill i .1 ought to know-but, pray God for give met-I never saw it fully till to night.' 'She was strong enough up to the time of, poor father's death, and for a while afterwards. I remember now one night she talked Strangely-said she was tired of life,and wanted io < get away somewhere. Boon after that I noticed she didn't seem so brisk.' ' I thought she was always happy. God forgive me for not taking better care of her 1' When Jane Archibald woke up it was to find Willie beside her, watching her. She did not notice the -disturbance in his glance. SheJiad ceased to look for any thing more than the placid affection which bad been theirs so many years. He insisted on fetching Jiar tea to her, and performing many: affectionate offices for her, all of which she accepted with languid content. After tea, when Mary had left them to gether, he brtfke to .her his project of gat 1 ting JDr. Haddon to her. She did not seem . at all alarmed. 'Iain not very well,' she said,' and if it pleases you to have a doctor, I shall not mind Not that I think he will do me any good. It is only that I am getting old and iasy. But why an expensive doctor like Dr. Haddon? Dr. Piper would do quite ?well.' ' Piper isa fool, and you are too precious to be ;in' his hands. Every hair of your liead is precious to me.' How many years had gone by Bince he i -bad spoken such words! As they fell on : iieroars Jane Archibald, blushed like any ! girl,and for an instant she looked well and i happy. 'You are too good to me, Willie,' bhe said,- putting her thin hand into his. Th&t;«vening his tenderness was a de light to her. She was ready to Mess the . illness which had reawaked it, and she looked quite bright to receive Dr. Haddon next morning. The distinguished specialist seemed interested in his new patient. After the professional part of his visit had been paid, he talked with her for quite a long time, considering how valuable a com modity time was to him. All through he watched .her keenly from nnder his bushy eyebrows out of 'the brighest eyes. He asted her many questions about her way Of life. ' And Mr. Mfvhnrin,' he Baid at last, "the . gentleman who came for me ? He is a near relative, 1 suppose ?' Jane Archibald blushed. ' i. am engaged to him,' she answered. 'Oil,indeed 1 You are to be married' soon f" ! * I do not know; there is nothing I settled,' bhe faltered, and then she looked 1 down at her fingers, that trembled in her lap. The doctor said no more, sad soon after- ! wards took his leave. ' There is nothing organically wrong i witn her,' he said to Willie Maturin and Mary, who were anxiously awaiting his verdict, ' but there is extreme weakness. She presents the symptoms of a person who nas been slowly starred; she wants an immense deal of building up and strengthening, or she will go into con sumption. That losing flesh is really a serious matter; but, as 1 have said, there is no organic mischief as yet, only extreme anmraiH, Tonics and good food, these will work wonders.' Willie Maturin went with him to his carriage. As the doctor stood with his foot on the step, a sudden thought seemed to stritte him. ' Drive on, Jenkins,' he said to his coachman, ' and wait for me outside tlie gate. I will walk down.' ' You will walk with me, Mr. Maturin f' he said, turning to his companion. They walked in silence for a minute or two, enjoying the bright Bunshine of the winter uay; then, when the carriage had rounded a bend in the road, i)r. Haddon ?suddenly stopped and taoetl Willie Maturin. '.You will forgive me,'- he said, putting his iiand on the other man's shoulder kindly, * if 1 ask you a question. I gather : that you are Mia» a ^hi frnlH'r lover. How ; long have you keen engaged to her z" ;t4*2S|J«aS5«SS" . V61® ie nothing settled! Mv oood KBW18648tar evet f Dp J ^. «lier8 *t6110 «uch things as aire £5SS£..r° *". The other man looked ait him blankly. * "®f °? 60 Her father forbade fafcheri^nP' .5? ®he ««»pted her 5srwlU* ?Aftenwidfl, as the years' i gTew reconciled to it.' till been reconciled to it Withe end. oh P lam glad we have had ^ I can now better understand njy patient's illness.' What do you mean P' '1 .th°ttght it was the mind. We doctors can. do little with the body when the T»inH ill at ease. Make her marry you at once, and take her away; TKr only chance, poor thing.' 7 ; ®b8 iB not going to die P' If she goes on as she is going, ahe will j not be alive this day twelvemonths; but I ~!e oappmees will save her.' ' Thank you, doctor; I.will folic- your ; advice. I dare not think of the conse quences if I fail.' 'I don't think you will fail. I will come again on Thursday, and shall expect Mr mucfa botter- Good-morning, 'flood-morning, doctor. Wish me God speed.' ' I- do, Mr. Maturin.' He went back to the room where Jane Archibald eat in a big chintz-covered chair by the fire. Something patient in her look smote him intolerably as he came in. Ho leant over her and put his cheek to hers. "How delightfully frosty you are!' she said. It makes me want to get out.' "That is a good sign, Janie; you have beeu moping of late.' .I have, but I feel better to-day. It makes mo happy to think that you care so much* * ' Didn't you know I oared, Janie ?' She said nothing, and he knelt down and put his iie&d; on her knee. * You remember the grey silk dress you wore one evening soon after your father died, Janie P .'Yes, dear.' ' It would not be too cold for yon to wear in a carriage, supposing you were warmly wrapped up.' '1 8.uPPose not, dear. But what are you thinking about ?' Ai.'^bctut our marriaKe. Janie, Do you think I am going to wait for ever? I shall not wait a day or an hour longer than I can help. I am going to marry ! you and take you away at once to some warm place where you will get strong.' 'Oh, Willie,' said the woman, with her faded pnettiness suddenly blossoming like arose; «but there will be so much to be done! * There is this to be done. As soon as I can tear myself away from you, my Bweet, I am riding to Normanstowe for a license Brown Bess is at the door saddled for me I shall wait for nothing-nothing. And I have a fancy for your wearing the grey Bilk dress when we are married. Will you let me <* . »»<iw ?' 'Yes, go,' she said, making with har hands as if she wonld have lifted him up She looked herself as if she were filled with a new life. He came back in the late afternoon with tne license and her wedding viae He brought in with him a big parcel from a draper s shop, which, being opened, proved to contain a beantifnl cloak of grey velvet, fur-trimmed and warmly lined. He laughed at her remonstrances about his extravagance. ' The money has somehow gathered dur ing those years,' he said. 'I can quite afford to give my wife anything in reason, and things will not suffer in my absence. I hawe arranged with Beaman about the winter work, and I have every confidence that things will go on weU till the spring brings us home.' 8 Dr. Haddoa only saw his patient once more, and was eminently satisfied with the change in her. Before the gossips had wakened up to what waa goihg on the old lovers were married andeone. Those who caught a glimpse of the bride said she looked quite young and handsome, though extremely delicate, in her grey velvet cleak and little grey bonnet. Her hus band, at all events)' saw no fault in her. nor she in him. Some weeks later they were sitting to gether on the edge of the Mediterranean under a blue sky and a bright sun. Mrs. Maturin was now in no danger of going Mito consumption. She was picking up fleBh rapidly, and her skin iad grown quite firm and her eyes bright in the weeks that had elapsed sinceiior marriage 'Dr. Haddon said I was like a person who had been starved,' she remarked sud denly. ' So I was, I was starring for hap piness, and should have died of the star vation very soon.' | Can I ever forgive myself?' her husband aaid, leaning over to kiss her as romantic ally as a boy. ' My poor Willie!' she answered, turning eyes tullof trust to him. «You hava much to forgive me too. To think of the years we have lost! You should have had your children growing up about you by this time.' ' I would rather have you, my dear, than seventtall sons,' he made answer. 