'.THE HOMESTEAD LEASES. ',Mr O'Sullivan has :'eceived. the.. following letteir from tnie Department~of iands.: Syd 'ney, 6th June:--", Sir, referring to the peti. tion presented by you to-day, :from Messrs. E. C. Harris, 'J. I: Falconer, J. Lazarus and other residents 6f Queanbeyan, "profest ing. against:the throwing open to Homestead Selection of land at'that place formerly part of the Temporary Common, I am directed by the Secretary for Lands to inform you that, as the land in question has been set apart for Homestead Selection to become available to morrow, it is now too late to revoke the notification, as " such' action could iot :be taken 3vithout the authority of tbg Executive Council. I ain to add that, if the land is not a?pplied for? to-inorrow, the case will bo re considered.: Tlielannior :University Exam was com umenced oi? Mondaiy, in Qaeanbeyan, there "beiing oily one candidate, Miss D. Downing. it coutinued over Tuesday and Wednesday, and will be completed on Monday afternoon next. The attending committee were 'Mrs. W. Pike, Mrs Hincksman and, Miss J Parr. SRev J. E. Moffatt preaches next Sunday tt,'Gandaroo, 11 a.m.; Canberra 3 .p:m..; Queanbeyan .7.15" p.m. ": The subject: fbo Queanbeyan" will, he "C uriosity," a sermoni to young men and 'women. At the recent Tumut demonstration at the relief of Mafeking, the sum of £43 12s was gathbered to furnish a "' Baden-Powell" ward at the Cottage Hospital. Mr R. R. Timmis' sntore at Batlow contributed £8 12s, being a shilling each for the children attending the school in the district. Six scholars at- the Tumut superior public school collected £20. .List kre out at all the schools, and sum will be largely increased. The National Anthem.-Some strong stat ments in references to the' war' were uttered yesterday by Professor Rentoul and th6 Rev. W. Hopkins, who waited ;on the Victorian premier on behalf of the Pei;ce and Humanity Society. It was statedf the National Anthem was not fit to be sung in church, and one of its stanzas was :wiitteui in a theatre by a drunken actor. Wood's Great Peppermint Cure for .Coughs and Colds nevor fails. Is 6d. The fund raised by thb. Sunday Times to make an Australiani presentation, to Major.' .General. Baden-Powell hag reache' lover £700. ha h !?e Gieat Cwsar's Ghost poor wasted franiue That once full vigour did possess, Can't be a man in else but name;' - - His cough has brought him such distreps, The undertaker smiles to think Next winter's cold he'll not endure,:: Oh I ne'er say die, but take a drink Of W. E. Woods'- Great Peppermint Cure. 