DETECTIVE SKETCHES. BT SANDY SHARP THE FAMOUS GLASGOW EX-DETECTIVE. COLIN CORDON'S CHRISTMAS FIND. At the time the events took place which I am about to relate Mrs. Sharp occasionally employed a respectable woman,named Gordon,a 8 a seamstress. Mrs. Gordon was the wife—probably the widow— of a carpenter, who twelve months previously had emigrated to Queensland. Gordon was a first-rate tradesman, and might have done well in Glasgow if he could have controlled his temper. He had left once place after another because he could not get on with the master or the foreman, and at last he suddenly determined to try his luck in Australia. He had never been a drunkard, and having only one child the Gordons had saved a little money—enough, he thought, to lait hi6 wife and child until he could eend some more. And if he liked the new country, and saw a fair prospect of getting on, they were to join him in a year. But from the time the vessel reached the Cape, nothing was known of the fate of Colin Gordon. The steamer hai to take in coal at the Cape, and as there would be a full day's delay, several of the passengers went athore, amongst the number being Gordon. No one saw him leave the ship, but he could not be found when she sailed again. Not until the time had long passed in which the anxiously-looked for letter should have arrived did Mrs. Gordon make any inquiries, and the shock of his mys. terious disappearance made her ill. When she recovered, her little stock of money was nearly exhausted-, and she had to turn seamstress, and sometimes laundress to maintain licr-elf and Colin, named after his father, a boy of eleven. She soon obtained a good reputation as a capital hand at making underlinen of the better class, and if ber clients had paid her regularly the .. mother and son might have lived in com- U parative comfort, for tbeir wants were few. But far too many of the ladies for whom Mrs. Gordon worked seemed to have no idea that she was in urgent need of the money, and she was often kept without it for a month or eveD longer after the work had been finished. It was the eve of Christmas, and remembering that Mrs. Gordon had lived for a couple of years in England ere she married Gordon, my wife asked me if I had any objection to her going over to the Gordons to see how they would fare next day. " I don't fancy she has had much work lately, Sandy," said Mrs. Sharp. 1 Go by all means, Mary ; and if things are as you fancy, ask her to come and spend ; tbe day with us to-morrow. We are not having any other visitors, you know," I replied. " Thank you, Sandy : that is just what I wanted to ask you, but didn't know whether you would care to have the poor things on Christmas Day." Mrs. Sharp was away much longer than I expected, more than an hour, though the Gordons only lived about 300 yards away. When she did return, I saw at once that she was excited about something. " It's a shame and a sin for a woman like Mrs. Milne, the butcher's wife to treat a poor woman like Mrs. Gordon in such a fashion. Sandy, could you not do something to force the woman to pay 1 She owes Mrs. Gordon 12s. for making underlinen for herself and Milne, and to-night, when Mrs. Gordon took the last of the shirts, Mrs. Milne said she was too busy to bother with paying money then, and that Mrs. Gordon must come after the New Yean" " Don't trouble—I'll get the money. A word to Milne will do it." " lfc almost set me greeting, Sandy, to hear tbe laddie ask hie mother if they would have DO Christmas dinner this year, such as his mother has always made. But you should have seen tlieir faces brighten up with joy when I asked them to come over and have dinner and tea with us, Sandy. It did me good to see how they brightened up." " I'll go and get that money, anyway," I said. As I had anticipated a bint to Milne himself was sufficient. His wife was sternly taken to task for sending Mrs.Gordou away without her lawful earnings, and the worthy butcher showed that he was made of far different stuff than his wife by asking me to take a good-sized piece oi nice beef to the^eamstress as a present from him. He had never in his life before worn Sunday shirts that fitted him so well, and were so beautifully made. "My mistress is not a bad sort of woman Mr. Sharp, but she is thoughtless, and that leads often to cruelty, as I tell her, in such eases as this." Mrs. Gordon was overjoyed when I took her the money and the beef, repeating the invitation Mary had given. In the land of houses in which the Gordons occupied a two-roomed house resided an old woman, in one room, named Mary Anderson. She lived alone, and was generally supposed to be in comfortable circumstanccs, for she never did any kind of work, and lived well as compared with her neighbours. Soon after Mrs. Gordon and her boy had finished breakfast on Christmas morning tbeir curiosity was aroused by the noise of hurrying feet in the passage, and before Mrs. Gordon could rise from tbe table the door was unceremoniously opened, and the voice of a neighbour exclaimed— " Ob, Mrs. Gordon, what an awful business. Mrs. Anderson has hangit herself 3 Come and have a look at her." But Mrs. Gordon declined, saying she had no curiosity to see such a sight. If she be of service she would go readily. The tragedy naturally created much excitement among the numerous tenants of the land. A rigid search of her room and all the drawers failed to discover any money or other property of value, and the opinion gradually gained ground that robbery, preceded by murder, had been committed. But when the procurator-fiscal inquired into the affair, there was no evidence forthcoming to corroborate the new theory, There was no proof that the deceased woman had any means, and the position of the body when discovered favoured the idea that, it was a case of suicide. When found by a neighbour who had suspected that nausetbinji was wrong because Mrs.,; Anderson had not been seen since (l:e pre- j vious Tuesday, two days befoi the body 1 was lying on the floor, the head resting on " a shallow box, a thick cord, like a clothes line, twisted twice round her neck. The! doctor first summoned saw nothing in the situation of the body inconsistent with suicide, and the fiscal seemed disposed to accept (hit opinion. Gut the police detective who accompanied the fiscal, and with whom I had been specially friendly ere I left the force to start business as private detective, was anything but satisfied with the fiscal's acceptance of the suicide theory ; and though he made no formal protest, he determined to sift the affair and prove it to be a case of murder. Our Christmas dinner was rather later than usual, and we were just finishing when Tom Tosh, my detective friend, called on me to give his views respecting the tragedy, and possibly to elicit mine. I took Tosh into the parlour, and thus he did not meet Mrs. Gordon. Had he done so, I should in all probability never have obtained the material for this story. I listened in silence to bis version of the affair, but in the absence of any evidence that the deceased woman had any money, or other portable property, I declined to accept his ideas. Tosh seemed a bit huffed at my nonacceptance of his theory, and did not stay long. On the following morning Mrs. Gordon was obliged to send Colin to borrow a clothe? line, part of her own having mysteriously disappeared since she last used it. Colin was questioned on the subject, but he declared that he had not meddled with the line. It stretched from the windo **s of her rooms, which were on the second storey, and was a double one, worked with a pulley, ingeniously made and put up by Gordon before he emigrated. " You knew I wouldn't meddle with the line, mother : where did you leave it when you took it in on Tuesday night ? said Colin. 'Hanging on that peg in the corner, and I noticed when we came home from Milne's on Christmas Eve that the line was on the floor. It is very strange." While she wa6 fixing the borrowed line on the pulley, Tosh, the detective, walked up, saying— " Grand day for drying, Mrs. Gordon. I'm told you have lost a good piece of your clothes-line ? " " Yes, and how it went bothers me," she replied, wondering who the man was and what he wanted. " Don't you think that this is the piece you lost ? " shewing her a length of rope he had taken from hit pocket. " I am sure it is. If you notice it, there are four strands in the rope, the usual number being three. Where did you get it!" The detcctive was on the point of telling her that it was the cord found round the neck of Mrs. Anderson, but the manner of Mrs. Gordon was so free from anything leading him to suspect that she had any connection with the tragedy that he decided to wait for further evidence of her guilt, if indeed a woman with a countenance like that of Mrs. Gordon could be guilty of such a horrid murder. On the ensuing Monday morning Coliu Gordon started employment as errand boy at a provision shop in Argyle-street, and when he came home in the evening the boy brought with him some bacon and cheese, which he said he had bought with pence given t-o him during the day by customers whose goods he had taken to tbeir homes. But a few minutes afterwards Mrs. Gordon was startled by the sudden reappearance of the man who had questioned her about the missing piece of clothes line. " I have come on a disagreeable errand, Mrs. Gordon. I have a warrant, from a magistrate to search your house ; your boy is to be arrested for passing a gilded shilling as a sovereign." "What? My Colin pass a bad sovereign ? Where could he get such a thing ? I will not believe he could do it." " I tnu^ search the house, Mrs. Gordon. Come in, Gellatly." A constable walked in, and bade Colin sit down, while the detective proceeded to search the house. In the bedroom, and beside the shakedown bed on the floor on j which Colin slept, was a cupboard-like r re- . , ,, . , I ceptacle, utilised by the boy as arepository , ,. , , ., ' . i tor his toys and other possessions, and in an | old boot at the bottom of this cupboard the detective found between 16s. and 17s. in silver and coppers. ! " I am very sorry, Mrs. Gordon but it is my duty to take you into custody on the , charge of murdering 1Mrs. Anderson. I * ,. , , . , . must caution you that anything vou may i .„ , , , . ., " ; say will be produced in evidence against, j you at the Court." i " Accuse me of murdering the poor old woman t God knows I am innocent, and 1 will trust H im not to allow me to suffer. I ilc r y you to prove that I had aught to do wit h the crime." Detective Tosh regarded the circumstantial evidence against her as overwhelming, and yet he somehow doubted her guilt ; she was so calm and firm. Next morning the mother and son were brought up at the Police-court, having had no communication with each other since tbeir arrest, and as I listened to-the evidence against them I perceived it was strong enough to cause their remittal. It transpired that a niece of Sirs. Anderson, seeing in the papers an account of her aunt's tragic death came from Ardrossan to Glasgow, and made known to the police certain information which led them to think with Detective Tosh that murder, and not suicide, was the true nature of the crime which had been committed. The niece stated that the aunt bad a sum of money in her possession amounting to at least £50, and that in a leather purse she always kept a gild 3d shilling with a lion on it, which her husband had given her in their courting days. The police attached great importance to this intimation, and their confidence that it would probably lead to the elucidation of the mysterious crime was soon justified. A grocer came to the Police-office to complain that his apprentice had taken as a sovereign a gilded shilling from a boy, whose appearance he described. This description was sufficiently close to enaible theipolice to fix upon Colin Gordon ; hence the search warrant and the arrests. j When this part of the evidence was ; given Mrs. Gordon turned to her weeping '-eon, and in a calm voice said— < " Speak the truth, laddie. Did you j« change that gilded shilling ? " ! " Yes, mother. 1 picked it up in the street, near to our house, when we were troiii^i to Mr. Sharp's on Christinas aiorniiyj." lJeteelive To-li m- forced to admit (.lint (he most li^id semc'i and mve- ll'lrntiun had 'failed to di-r.over that Mrs*. Guidon had : s-pent any money since the death of Mrs. Andeuou beyond the 12s. I had got fcr her from Mr. Milne the butchei. Hut the certainty that (he cord found around the neok oi Mis. Anderson had belonged to the accused woman so greatly strengthened the susi'i-ions against the mother and son j (hat, the magistrates remitted them to prison for a week for the production of ' furt her evidence. But I fully determined that Tom Tosh should not have things all his own way. I also would seek for lurther evidence, but such as would, 1 hoped, exonerate the Gordons from all complicity in the murder, if such it was. At the end of the week of remand no such further evidence either for or against was forthcoming, and the mother and son were sent for t rial. Hitherto Tosh had kept in the background, but when Mrs. Gordon and Colin were brought before the Sheriff to emit a declaration Tosh's name was mentioned. A few minute6 afterwaids, and before they were removed to jail, Mrs. Gordon asked to see the detective. He consulted the chief, and was instruct ed t o accede to the wish of the accused woman. Accordingly, she was taken to a private room, where the detective was waiting for her. " You have exptessed a wish to see me, I understand, Mrs Gordon, and have you any communication to make ? " " Mr. Tosh —Tom - did we never meet before ? " He started more violently than she had done in the Court, and looking her intently in the face, the light of recognition changed his stern expression into one of wonder, regret, and then horror. "Helen Ramsay? No, no ; it cannot be," and the detective sank into a chair with a groan. " Yes, Tom, I am Helen, and if I am found guilty of this horrible crime, of which I know no more than you, it will have been you, the old friend of my childhood, the lover of my girlhood who will have murdered me." " Helen, tell mo, in the sight of heaven, are you really innocent of the murder ? I will believe you if you say so." " Before God, Tom, I am entirely innocent. And if the law finds me guilty I shall go before a Judge who cannot err, with confidence that He will acquit me. Do you believe me, Tom ? " '' I do, Helen ; God knows I do. But what can 1 do now to prove it ? I must do something or I shall go mad. Ob, Helen, when we parted in Kilbarchan I little thought that our next meeting would be such a melancholy one. Did you know me when I came to your house first t " •'No, Tom. Fifteen years have altered you more than me." " Are you a widow, Helen ? ' " I don't know for certain. My husband sailed for Australia more than a year since, and I have not heard from him. He left tbe steamer at the Cape, and did not return to it before it sailed. Sometimes I tbink be must be dead, and then I am again hopeu 1." " And I have never married, Helen. I could not care for another woman. Take courage, my dear old sweetheart; I feel sure God will not allow you to suffer for a rrime you did not commit. I have been working against you : now I will move heaven and earth to prove your innocence. Good-bye for the present," " Good-bye, Tom : I will trust you." At first, as he told me, he was tempted to give some eva- ive reply to his chief when asked what the accused woman wanted with him, but such a course would hinder his renewed investigations, and. to the great astonishment of the detective inspector, he declared his belief in the woman's innocence of the crime and his determination to bring the real murderer to justice. " You knew the woman Gordon before this happened, Tosh V" " Yes ; she was my first sweetheart, and I have cherished her memory so much as to keep me a bachelor. Care and grief, helped by want and suffering, I suspect, have transformed the bonniest lassie in Renfrewshire into what you now see, but . ,, . . , , ., ,., , to me, think me a foot if you like for say- . , . ,.„ , „ ,, mg so, she is still the one woman in all the wory » " Nay, Tom, 1 have known you long enough to feel certain that vou must have good ground for believing her innocent. Rag ^ foW you anyth , » .. ghe , ias ~ a^ured me before God that I , . c - t . T she is 1perfectly J innocent, and I am satis- . , T . , . . . . heel. Don t ask me to go on with the lnj quiries in the case, for I cannot do it. I shall take up ber case now." " Very well, Tosh, I will relieve you. Suppose you take a month's leave and join forces with Sandy Sharp, who is also convinced of the innocence of Mrs. Gordon and her boy." " Thank you, sir, I will do that." But the discovery Tom had made seemed to completely unnerve him. He came to me, and begged me to take up the case for bim, entreating me to put forth all my powers to unravel the mystery of the murder. And never did I enter into a case with wanner zval, or a stronger determination to reach the goal at which I aimed. I had my ! hair cut close, and procured a dark wig : and beard. Then in the attire of a shabby ' foreigner, and with a bag of sponges on ' my arm, I went and rented the rooms j vacated by M rs. Gordon and her boy. I ; had decided that the murderer must have ; been someone familiar with the premiss, with the habits of the deceased woman, I ; and with the movements of the Gordons, '. Cautious inquiiies resulted in the certainty ; that none of the tenants of the numerous i houses in tue big pile of dwellings had left j since the murder, audi began to study j . tlieui. But for everal days my efforts to .' ' obtain any clue eemed as though they : would be fruitless. 5 I was entering the common stair at a late • hour on a Saturday evening when a woman . passed me. | " Norah Morrissey, tbe rag sorter • Where can she be going at such a late i . , ., , . hour? A fine-built young woman, big ' enough to—yes, she is : big enough to have i lifted the body of Mrs. Anderson from the : bed to the corner where tfc was found." ' I followed her cautious*, a task of some difficulty, for she seemed to wish to avoid being recognised. At tbe junction of New City-road with Western road she stopped, and was presently joined by a soldier, to whom she handed something. " You're a buck. iNorah my jewel ! Come , down lg tbe Bioomielaw at two to morrow, and we'll have a sail to Greenock and back," end the soldier cs I was passing them with A view to yet a yood look at him. An e hour named nsxt afternoon I was sauntering along the Broomielaw, and followed the soldier anrl his sweetheart ">n board the steamer. They sat down on a seat on the deck, and I joined them, soon, to all appearance, falling asleep, " Have you sent in the papers for your discharge yet, Patsy ? " asked the rag sorter. " Not yet, Norah ; what's the use of doing that till I'm sure of the money to bey myself out with •" replied the soldier. " Haven't I told you plain enough that I've got the money ? But you're to marry me first, and then the money is yours." " Let me see it. I'll not believe you have it till you show it to me." " Couldn't trust you, I'at-y dear : you might snatch it away from me and then swear it was your own. Oh, no ; just take me to church, and then the money will come." " I'll see you hanged first." What- was there in the expression of the soldier to have such a startling effect upon the woman ? " Holy Mother I What is the matter with you, Norah, dear ? You look as if you had seen a ghost." " A touch o' the heartburn, Patsy— that is all." " Another strand of the rope that is to hang that woman ! " I said to myself. The soldier was evidently huffed, and withouL a word to the woman, he left the steamer at 1'artick. She followed, and to my intense chagrin, they thus escaped me for the time, for I dare not go with them.' Satisfied that I was on the right track, in the morning I went out to Maryhill in my own proper person, and made some inquiries anent the soldier sweetheart of Norah Morrissey. I was not greatly surprised to learn that he was a married man, who was making a cat's-paw of Norah for his own selfish ends. His wife, I was told, lived in a one-roomed house in Maryhill. When Norah returned from her work in the evening she found a letter waiting her. which i had written, telling her that Patsy Callaghan was a married man, and that his wife lived at No. 3. second stair, 26, Rowan-street, Maryhill. The letter had no signature, but it was efficacious in producing the result I hoped. Accompanied by Tom Tosh and a constable in plain clothes, I went out to Maryhill, and we awaited the coming of the Irishwoman. Soon after seven we saw her enter the stair, and a minute afterwards Tosh followed quietly, remaining at the head of the second stair. Presently the excited voice of a woman was heard. " I don't believe you have the money ; you have been only trying to make a fool of my Patsy, but he was too sharp for yon. And if you have the £20 you stole it off the ould woman. Mrs. Anderson, after you had strangled her. I would rather my husi and was in the service for twenty years rather than have him bought out by blood-money, so there." The effect of this boldly-expressed accusation was startling. Norah turned pale, eeled, and would have fallen down tbe stair but for Tom Tosh, who had crept up the stair. "I am a police-officer, and shall take you into custody, Norah Morrissey, on suspicion of having murdered Mary Anderson." " It is God's judgment. I did it," and strong-minded as the big Irishwoman was, she fainted. But she soon recovered, and a cab being procured, we conveyed our prisoner to tbe Central, Tom Tosh electrifying his chief by the story he had to tell. A search of Borah's room resulted in the stolen money being found and, wl-at was far more important. a dark blue leather purse which the niece of the murdered woman had given to her as a New Year's gift. Some of the notes stolen had on the back the name of the factor who managed the little property Mrs. Anderson possessed, and had been paid to ber by him a few weeks before the murder. The evidence against Norah Morrissey was thus quite sufficient for a remand. In the mean time application for bail was made to tbe Sheriff on behalf of Mrs. Gordon and her son, and it was granted. Tom Tosh being the bearer to his old sweetheart of the good news. " Where is the boy ? " asked Tom when Mrs. Gordon w is brought alone to the visiting room. " Why have Colin here ? It only adds to his grief every t.ime he is allowed'to see me- " You will be at liberty in five minutes, Helen," 6aid tbe detective, with a tremor in his voice that told her how keenly he felt< the stigma that had been cast upon her. " Oh. Tom Then you have discovered! my innocence ? " *' No Sandy Sharp has done it alL was Norah Morrissey committed the* murder." " I knew there was such a woman in theJ, land, but I never spoke to her. Here is Colin." We are going home>again, my laddie.* And oh, if ever you findianything again in| tbe streets do not hide ittfrom me. Norah Morrissey wasisent for trial and( found guilty. Mrs. Gordon and her son* were then formally placed in the| dock, the judge instructing the jury toj return a verdict of not guilty. Be-t fore announcing their discharge, thel judge gave Colin a severe lecture upon his* wickedness in having concealed from his{ mother the finding of the gilded shilling. But both judge and court were astonished^1 when the boy said, the tears rolling downs bis cheeks as he spoke— " My lord, do you know what it is fcoi be hungry ? Have you ever eat for a whole day in winter without-fii-e or food ? If not' yo„ cannot tell what 1 felt when I thought 1 I had found a sovereign, enough to keep>« hunger and cold away from us for a week j That is all 1 have to say " j "^<am°thirteeif my^lord* the judge., j "Then 1 must confess that his little j speech does credit to his head and heart, J . _ . torn losh was a comparatively happy masi when , le took tea with the Gordons ! that afternoon. He was not without hopes I i that Mrs. Gordon would at LAST believe in | her husband's death, and marry her first •, . Before ber execution Norah Morrissey ; made a full confession of her guilt, and she ; met her doom with a firmness seldom shown j by a woman. ^ 1 i n ^ L f n g ^ ^ became Mis. Tosh, and my wife and the happy bride soon became fast friends. l 