Sbort Story. Otto Williarci. A Reminiscence. !By G. M. HAYWARD, in ' Home : ' Kotes.* Concluded.) I ought hardly to say, though, tliat Slothing came of Wiiliard's friendship for Mfes Main waring, for we all of us felt tolerably certain a month or two later, when be began to make arrange ments for a leave to England, that the influence of the fair Rosamund was at work. rov» vceat fmm Bnrranur. our unex fn*essed .good wishes for his success going with him. and a few weeks later am unexpected opportunity for a holiday took me as well to England, and I heard something more of Williard. He had taken for the season a small place called Grey Court in Hampshire, ?where there was some fishing and shooting, and here it was he made the acquaintance of his sons. Fred, the eldest, was then in the Buffs, and got leare to be at Grey Court the greater part of the time his father was in England, while the two others, both eneeessfnl candidates for the Indian Civil Service, were borne from Cam bridge. Where Mrs. Drummond had bestowed ierself at tliis time I never thought It worth while to ask. The sons were good-looMng. tall lads, fair, and more like their mother's than their father's family. Yet they had vigour and muscle about them, clearly an inheritance from.himself, with their good looks. They were sons of whom even an exacting parent might have been proud.' ?Rut if , as I was to see- later, there T-ere bow disappointments n-ud fric tions between Hie father land sons, these dings were the outcome of the Inevit able condition of things, and not be CjliiRe either one or the oliher felt fihort of the high standard each bad set up. vr. The TVillards had been at Grey Court about a month when I sr:rt liome. Ooutrary to any expectation of mine. Otto no sooner lieard of my arrival than fie wrote inviting me down for some «hooring. The position between father aiKl sous was pretty well established -when I got there. ? I noticed at once font t3ie young men seemed io appre ciate their father's society, and were visibly not a Titfle. proud of him ; yet iJiey treated him with rather a strained ^deference and respect Khat had no real affection in it. /There was a life-long grudge between' ti-pin. I traced the work of 31ns. Drum mond here, and Williard -was- not tlie . man to make a bid for any good will ?which was mot entirely spontaneous. He Jiad dropped into a tolerably easy *ray with Ifliem, ihalf-brot3ieriy, iialf fa*herly, and would nave been on the best of tennis with them, and in the receipt of their most unlimited resnect, €f the Bhaflow of their neglected re lationship had not ever hovered be tween them like a ghost. It was a thousand pities they -were related, they would 3iave made such excellent casual friends. I recollect now a remark of Wflliard at dinner my finst evening 'there, it somehow brought baidk the -half . obliterated vision of Miss Rosamund to any memory, and set me wondering if be bad done anything since his arrival in England to advance (hie snit with iier. WflMajrd'fi youngest boy was '. -called Otto, after him, a' name Ms friends, Sharking back, perhaps, to' snandmotherly times, corrupted into: 'Tottfe.' WilliaTd violently disliked this, and: toe 'had bis own emphatic way of saying bo. . 'Why do yon ina&e; such a fool of. *he feUow ? 'TotUeT I tell yon once. for all to stop it Xtis enough to spoil -the boy's prospects in life !' Then bis Gcme -jhanged- ' No need to think yon axe poaching -on my preserves. Tihere are few enough people who'll ever want to oaH me * Otto' again.' TJhe talk languished. The young men . did sot relish tihe authoritative tone, wihile I ?could not help wandering ?ff Miss MaJnwaring would ever care to claim tine privilege, and rail' him by She name of which he spoker My epeeulations concerning the young lady were partly satisfied next morning try Fred WSlSard, wiho, It seems, bad made Bosamund's acquaintance at Dover soon after -her return from India. He told me ft was -She w3io had recom mended Grey Court to them, and that thoy frequently met -her now, as she was visiting some cousins at' a ueJgn ftouring place. Whether Fred at all suspected bis father's admiration of the young lady I was not able t- detect I imagine not, for Fred was a plain spoken youth, and doubtless would bare mentioned it since he kney I had met Miss Mainwaiing at Burrapjr. I liked the youag soldier, Fved, the best of all Milliard's sons. He reminded me of wbat bis father *ra« in India, and away from his en cumbrances, though Fred owned a re markable amount of bluff candour an j^reat contrast to Wflliard's eternal reti cence. During the next few days we saw Miss Main-waring and her cousins many times. They came to tennis at Grey Court, and we west out to snoot over tlie uncle's preserve, when the young l:wli-es came out and joined us. Rosamund seemed more bewitehtagly iwetty than ever, but I confess Wfi Ifcwd's behaviour with 'her puzzled me. His reserve asn-d quiet seemed to eon ?rtsntrate themselves in her presence, though I noticed he still took as great a -le£sht 5n watching iier bright per sonnility and gay little ways as of old. and that once his face lighted up with a radiant look of pleasure which was positively boyis.li when sue caine round l-y -iiiiu and examined his gun. 'w.itb her little gauntteted hands hold ing the stock, and her half serious, half mischievous eyes meeting his wholly grave, earn**-* ones, she reminded him of Jlie ' leopard incident,' and ' how yoM*esived my life.' ' Xot yours. Miss Malimvaruig. only a poor wretch of a syce's. I never ted tlie ihnppfiirass to do uo much for yon. You were too graceful, that was all. You oiiade too much of ? All, 'Miss. Mfltn waring, it was I who owed some thing that day to you.' 1 hardly caught the words, but I saw ;his glance linger in Siens. She -laughed uneasily, and let 'her long lashes droop to 'hide her eyes. ** And this gun — is It Hie same sort ? Show yours to me, too, please !'? She turned away with a sort «f petulance towai'ds Fred. WSlliaxd leant back on his eTboTv. We were pienickiug on a bank under the lee of a nut copse. He took bis cap off. and thrust back bis thick dark ?hair from off his forehead, and I noticed be did not. ©ven*look at Kosa niumd tilaSai wairJiQg again. Niglrt after nSgiit I 5i«ar3 tSrn pialclng Ms ismoiking-room floor till almost day I-reaik, and more than once a strong tempta'Hon came over me to get up and go down to bim, to tell him be was a fool to iSius hesitate, and assure bim thlat tihat handsome face of bis, hie splendid pbyelque, sbould win a -way for IhSm in a femMsie heart a. great deal more difScBte than that of M3ss ?Rosamund Mainwafrtng. It 'was 'well enoug-h, tihoagh, to tniaik out such tboughts to their logaeafl con clusion in my solitude, it was another ?mOJtfcer *o aipproacb witih them a. man like Otto WBUfiard. I confess I t-eg- ain tk- regard him as rather a fool to aiet &s; be did, and even now it bais never been sa;risfaic*oW7y olteiaired np for me wliether 5t wassimply doubt of (his p»wer to win the girl in the face of some obstacles, or wbetber at was tflie ,eusp8e3on of a something graver, mome serious, still, wnicb -held fliim back from her. For unyself I never bad had the least doubt of Bosa mund's willingness to accept him until one Sunday— I recollect, it was the second Sunday of my stay at' Grey Court I was strolling Sm the Fir Walk. wMca oonitected Williard's place and that of Rcwanmnd's uncle, when I came in sight of the unnifefcafcablte forms of the younar lady and Fred WUliaa-d sitting together after -a fashion that was «n equivocaSly lover-15ke. TMie truth flaslied on me in nn instant. I rea3ased .how blind I had been. I re called a score of eirnmistanoes b- cor roborate my sudden fear. I went back to the house, for Fred and Tils companion bad been' nmdi too engroHsed in thrfr own society to notice me, bearing wJnh me a very heavy beairt indeed for poor Williard. and calling the two young people Heft be Mnd mfe an Hie Fir Walk rather gra tuitously a couple of selfish fooJs. A few wijrhte after, my discovei^y 3n Iflie Fir W-aik young Otto and I were leaning out over the balcony of the billiard-room, when we were awaaw sud denly ttiat Fred and Rosamund were talking together to the garden below. I hsmlly realised wSnat they were eay Sng ti31 Otto observed, with more aocuracy than elegance, that ' Old F-red was awfully gone on Bosie MaSnwar ing,' omd . tihen their remarks arranged themselves tnto some sort of sequence 4n my ears. ' It's so easy to go to a man like your father, Fred. He'«s so yonng-^lie'13 sympathise and say 'yes' in a moment Fan sure. It cant be so long ago Since be felt like we do -himself, yon know.' Miiss Rosamund was saying, and then Fred answered ber : ' Young fathers aren't euc-h nomixed MessSngB, my darling, I can tell you ! It's not so many days ago I was pre cious jealous of my own father, do you know ? I thought be was nearly as nmcb in love with you as a certain bumble somebody else, who'd make :i very poor «Show in the field by the s5de of bim. Eh. my TitSe girl T 'Oh. Fred, yon silly, silly thing!' And tben there followed a ripple of merry laughter as tfhe two disappeared among tbe shadows. Young Otto joined in the laugh quite openly, add ing : 'Good old Fred, he's too proud of himself to make any secret of how that land lies !' as I .made some speech about our having no business to over hear their conversation thus. About a week afterwards, coming down to dinner in answer to the early gong. I found Fred and bis father alone in fhe d:raw%ig-room. Wdlliard had bis band on the young felloe's arm. and was talking to him in Ms naturally deep-toned, quiet voice, but tftere was a troubled look in -his eyes, and a nervous, contracted strain about the eyebrows and month, Which I had never seen before, and wbicb Fred apparently did not observe. Guessing iflie subject of their talk. I was closing tflie d^or -again, with a view *» boating -a hasty retreat, when Wil liard called to me : ' Dont go, .Tones. Yom ought to be one of the first to bear the news. 'TMs fel«Jw, Fred, is— engaged- going to inarry-^MSss Mainwaiing.' and then he added, clasping and nm cJasping Jiis fingers round a little statuette obi tlie mantelshelf as he spoke. ' I have done so little all their Mves for those sons of mine. Jones, it seeniB a sort of duty to make tMs boy happy now. He's a trifle young for it to be (sure, but ? n ' You were yotvntg yourself, sir, once ?under the same circumstances,' Fred blundered.' ' Yes, I wais young once myself,' Wil Mard salid. 'and I suppose now I am lea-raring: what 5t means to be old.' The words of congratulation I uttered muist -heave -road a very trite. inireaJ Conrad; and I -totally forget how Fred replied to them. At the time I felt completely stunned by this crude Jn terpretafci'O'a of W.illferd's recent con duct aed irritated beyond measure at F-red's soibBme ignorance of the sajcri fioe made on Biis beOiiaUf. I stood, and stared at the father -and son, looking, I 1ha:ve 310 douWt. an alasolute fool, as I uttered my trn'oo'lieremt congrsilfcula tions. It was a welcome relief to all of us wben iihe dinner going boomed out agaan. I 'held my peace, aaud made my mind up aH 1to.t evening, and wham tfie ?household liad retired I went boldly, and bearded Wiliaard in iiis smoking room. I knew, of course, I was weeks too ta'te — yet, I felt, for once I must speak my mind out. I thought WHlfcird looked more 15ke an. -old man tibasi I had ever seen iiiui as I opened the door, and found him sitting by *he taible, his hand across the book lie was not attempting to read, and has -handsome face shadowed by the green «fli*de of the lamp. He looked up,' and , raised his . eye brows—clearly he bad no particular desire for my (society. I lighted a pipe, and smoked a minute in silence. 'Williard,' 1 said then, ' what in the world is the meaning of -this engagement of Fred ? What are you thinking of ? It's absurd, totally absurd.' I looked at him, and he met my eyes steadily, and knew perfectly what it was they implied. At last WHliard stood up and lean* his shouldev against the bronze on the mantel-shelf. He half closed his eyes, and smiled. ' I don't think I should have asked you here, Jones, old man, if I had known lipw things would end. It's a strange ending. God kuows.' He walked up and down the floor, and then by-and-by went on in a more natural tone : ' Just consider, Jones, my friend, the sort of parent I have been contented to be to those boys. They've never bad a soul to love them since their mother died. X owe a good deal to them **But w-ny tfo we talk of it? Yoa mean well, Jones, but a man can get on best without talking sometimes. You don't mind leaving me to myself, do you ? Good-night I hope they make you comfortable here — see after you, and all that sort of thins.' He gave me his hand, and I went away, not in the least offended at my dismissal, only sick at beart, and fur ious with all the world excepting him. From that night Williard buried his ''elings very successfully. He was a little quieter and sterner, I thought. Otherwise there was no change for any one to notice. I Was the only one who was not abso lutely astonished when, somewhere about this time, he announced his in tention of cutting short his leave by a couple of months. I am told he made his . will and settlements, which set everything ?straight and comfortable for the young people, though I believed Fred' con sidered -the lectures, and admonitions he was also made the recipient of, very superfluous talk, and Rosamund felt herself defrauded cf her just dues since her future father-in-law at parting never bestowed upon her the paternal kfss of benediction she clearly had a light -to expect. Williard made some hearts supremely happy, these shortcomings notwith standing, and he never shadowed any one's existence by the knowledge of his own sacrifice. He went back to his work in his quiet characteristic way ; only the Bur rapur people wrote home 'reproachfully to ask what we bad been doing to the collector, to send him back to them an old man. Williard never wrote much to me. He and I knew too much about each other to venture henceforth to be very communicative. Things have changed with all of us, and reading my 'Times' this evening I came across a paragraph announc ing the death of Sir Otto Tremaine Williard, K.C.S.I. He had received honours and decorations and many re cognitions of his merit since the old Burrapur days. Still. I say it as one speaking with autnority, Williard was a braver, truer-hearted man than most men realised. That paragraph, stating so briefly bow : he lived and haw now be has died, has awakened these memories. 