Procession at St. Brigid's. : SERMON BY THE REV. FR. ROBINSON. The Rt. Rev. Monsignor Bourke, 'V.G., officiated at the third Month of Mary procession, which took place on Sunday afternoon. The preacher was the Rev. Father Kobmson. " The preacher took for his text St. Luke I., 48 — " Behold, from hence forth all generations shall call me blessed."— r" These, my dear breth ren, are the inspired words of the Blessed Virgin, who on her visita tion to St. Elizabeth under the influ ence of the Holy Ghost, broke out into that sublime canticle of praise, the . Magnificat. We during this month of May join with the whole Church of God in fulfilling this prophecy, by praising Mary's name and giving due honor to God's mother. Honor to whom honor is due is a principle laid down by the Holy Ghost. As we honor and commemorate the memories of states men and warriors for the civil ser vices they have done us, and the military exploits they have achieved, so we should admire and honor in a higher degree the heroic sanctity of the saints, inasmuch as religion ranks higher than patriotism and valor. And if honor be due to the saints, how much more to Mary, the Queen of saints and angels, who excelled them all in sanctity just as the moon outshines and surpasses all the other planets in beauty and brilliancy. Many indeed are the titles which Mary ' has to our respect and reve- " rence ; her personal sanctity de mands it, and the privileges so lavishly bestowed upon her by Almighty God demand it still more. She alone of all the children of Adam does not fall under the head of sinner. No stain of sin ever tar nished her pure soul. To use the beautiful and expressive phrase of Wordsworth. " Marv is our tainted nature's solitary boast." Through her Immaculate Conception she was preserved free from original sin. For her the cleansing waters of baptism were not needed to purify her soul, because her soul was already pure and sinless. It was becoming 'the dignity of her who was predestined to become the Mother of God .that she should never be subjected to the slavery of Satan. . She was the woman destined to crush the ser pent's head, the chaste spouse in whom was found neither spot, nor wrinkle. . True, these were privi leges bestowed upon her by Al mighty God through the merits of Jesus Christ, but so perfectly did Mary correspond with the graces given her that, never did the slightest stain of venial sin sully the spotless innocence of her soul from the moment of her conception until the day when both her body and soul soared aloft to take possession of the eternal joys of Heaven. But though Mary's personal sanctity was great, it is principally on account of her Divine Maternity that we assemble to-day to do her honor. Mary is the mother of Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ is God. Therefore Mary is the Mother of God. To malce Mary worthy of being a temple wherein the King of Kings might dwell, was the object God had in view when bestowing upon her so many special privileges. That she was so chosen and found worthy of discharging such an office is the foundation on which our devotion towards her rests. Hence you see, my beloved, the firm, solid foundation on which our devotion to the Blessed Virgin is based. Yet there are many outside the Catholic Church who fail to see it, or at leapt who pretend so. They tell us that God is jealous of the honor paid to Mary. But the reason of His being so they are unable to explain.- A loving father is not jealous of the honor paid to his child. An architect is not envious of the praise bestowed on a. magnificent temple which his genius planned and reared. Neither is God jealous of the honor paid to Mary, the work of His hands, His faithful child, the living temple . which He adorned. Protestants accuse us of being too lavish in our praises of Mary. And to counter act this — while their churches resound with the praises of Sarah and' Rebecca, and Esther and Judith, the name of Mary THE LATE ABBOT DOMINGTJEZ OF NEW NORCIA. is seldom heard, though " she to whom it once was given, was half of earth and half of heaven." In addition to ignoring Mary's exalted virtues, we see Protestant ministers over-zealous in endeavoring to rob her of her virginity, rather than part with which she was willing to forego the great dignity of becoming mother ot God, and rallying imperfections and even sins against her, as if Jesus were dishonored by the piety, and took delight in the defa mation of his mother. We, on the con trary, my beloved, join in giving a due mead of praise to Mary. Because we, know the more the mother is extolled the more honor redounds to the son, especially in Mary's case, where the honor we pay her is given on account of her Son. And surely there is at this moment an expres- sion of joy in the countenance ot St. Brigid — the Mary of Ireland, the patroness of this parish — as she looks down from Heaven, where charity is perfected, and beholds so many of her children assembled together to do honor to God's Mother. We are accused, too, of placing more confidence in Mary than in God, and of regarding her as more merciful and more powerful than God, and consequently that in praying and showing honor to Mary we detract from the honor due to God. But, my beloved, these, like !?o many other calumnies hurled against our Church, are without foundation. Far from rendering to Mary the honor due to Gcd alone, we look upon her as a mere creature infinitely beneath the Creator, but higher far than all other created beings. When we pray to her we merely ask her to become our intercessor, and to use her influence with God on our behalf. In so doiug we place a greater confidence in Mary's prayers than in our own, and we believe them to be more influential and more acceptable to God than ours. Surely there can be nothing unlawful in asking Mary to use her influence in obtaining graces for us. Is this not of frequent occurrence in our everyday life ? When a .person expects a favor from someone very much superior to himself, does he not generally try to obtain it through the medium and by the inter cession of a third person whose influence is greater than his own ? We do exactly the same in regard to Mary. We place our petitions in her hands, and ask her to plead for lis before her Divine Soil. That sucfc a mode of procedure is profit able is beyond all question, because Mar'y is both able and willing to help us. It would be uimatfural for a son to refuse the request of a mother. King Solomon placed his mother en a throne and promised to grant whatsoever she would ask. 'Mother,' said he, ' ask, for I must not turn away thy face.' Now, when such is the case between ordinary affectionate parents and faithful sous, can we doubt for a moment that the request of Mary, the best of all mothers, could be refused by such a Sou as JesnsP No, my beloved; a refusal to Mary's prayer is an impossibility. Hence many of the saints have written that Mary is omnipotent, that is she is all- powerful in obtaining her request. The manner in which Jesus acted towards His mothei while on earth confirms this, for during His whole private life He was obedient to her commands and: complied with her every .wish. The whole history of His private life from twelve to thirty is comprised in the one sentence recorded by St. Luke — 'He went down to Nazareth and was subject to them.' Nor did His subjection to Mary end there, for at the beginning of His public ministry we find Him, at a mere hint, at a slight suggestion from Mary, anticipate the time destined for working public miracles and changing water into most exquisite wine. Since Mary had such influence over Jesus while on earth, her power of intercession with' Him must be greater now that she is in heaven, seated on a throne high above the angels and saints, and inferior only to God Himself. Thus we see Mary is able to help us. But is she willing to do so? Yes, my beloved, she is. She is one of ourselves. It was for our sakes her greatest dignity was conferred upon her. It was for our sakes she was chosen to become the mother of our Redeemer. It was for our sakes her Divine Son Shed the last drop of His blood on Calvary. In becoming man Josus Christ made our nature His own, He became like unto us in everything except sin. Wq are the brethren of Jesus and Mary is His mother. And in addition to boing the mother of Jesus she is our mother also. The last legacy of Jesus to t.ho human race before expiring on the Cross was to bequeath Mary to us as our mother and us to Mary as her children. With what confidence, then, should we not have recourse to Mary. She who more than all others co- operated with God in bringing ' about our redemption cannot be indifferent to our interests now. She is not likely to forgot the last words of Jesus — the dying request of her Divine Son. The office of mother Mary has ever discharged to all who relied confidently on her intercession. Almost all the saints were noted for practising devotion to the Blessed Virgin, and proving in. various ways their love and confidence towards her. So much was this the case with St. Bernard that he said he would cease to call her the Mother of Mercy if it were known that anyone in need had called with confidence on Mary without receiving assistance. The experience of St. Teresa is only one of several similar incidents that might he quoted. St. Teresa was blessed with a good and virtuous mother, who aught her early in life to love the Blessed Virgin. A heavy cross was in store for the young Teresa, for she lost lier mother while still almost a child. Inconsolable over the death of her mother, she had recourse to Mary, the comfortvess of the afflicted, and with clildlike fervor and simplicity begged of Mary to take the placed of her earthly mother towards her. This act was so pleasing to Mary that she ever afterwards watched over Teresa with a mother's love and protection, and the saint assures us that she never recom mended herself to her heavenly mother without obtaining help and relief. Now what was true of St. Teresa will be true also of us if we act as she did. But in order that Mary may show herself a U 4is vmnoootimr f.liof tVO cllHW liiUUUCi bU UO IK AO JUCOCCiSUkJ Uiiuiu "w .. ourselves true children of Mary. This we do by striving to imitate her virtues and practising devotion towards her. In her we have a perfect model to imitate, whether we regard her as child, maiden, wife, mother, or widow 5 and for properly discharging the duties of those various states of life, we need but look to Mary and follow her example. The devotion dearest to her heart is the devout recital of her Rosary. The Rosary is a devotion peculiarly her own. given and recommended by herself to St. ' Dominic and practised ever since by her faithful clients. Constituted as it is of the best of all prayers— the 'Our Father,' made by our Lord himself, and on which all other prayers are modelled, and the 'Hail, Mary,' composed of the Angelical salutation, and that of St. Elizabeth with the ' Holy Mary ' added by the Church — it forms, as its name implies, a crown or wreath of roses which we offer to Mary. Each 'Hail, Mary' attentively recited is an additional full blown rose added to the crown, rendering it more precious and beautiful ; but too often the beauty of the whole is destroyed by these roses being blighted and withered by distractions or inattention. While thus honoring Mary we do not forget Jesus, for the fifteen mysteries of the Rosary form an epitome of the whole life of our Lord divided into three periods of joy, sorrow, and glory. In the Rosary, too, we have a. good illus tration of the difference between the honor given to God and that given to Mary. By reciting the Lord's Prayer we ask God directly to grant us the favors we seek ; but in the 'Holy Mary' we merely ask "Mary to pray for us that we may obtain these favors. This crown of roses is always acceptable to the Mother of God. Hence, what I would be most anxious to see you do is that each family in this parish will weave and present this crown 10 Mary every night by devoutly reciting the family Rosary in her honor. This pious devotion, has been always the means of procuring numberless graces and bless ings for the lamilies and countries in which it is practised. The retention of the faith in holy Ireland during the centuries of persecution is attributed to the devout recital of the family Rosary to which the people steadfastly adhered. And the revival of religion among the faithful peasantry of France after the revolution is ascribed to the same cause. But my beloved it would be vain and useless to expect the Blessed Virgin to espouse our cause merely by reciting a few vocal prayoss in Her honour, if at the same time we persevere in a life of sin. She is the refuge of sinners, but of repentant sinners only. Hence we must first of all resolve to renounce sin, and to lead a life of grace, and then only do we appeal with confidence to her who is the refuge of sinners, the help of Christians, our life, our sweetness, and our hope. Death of Master C. M. Grant. — We record with regret the death of Master Craigellachie Murray Grant, fourth son of the late Mr. McKenzie Grant, which occurred on Friday evening, the 18th inst., from typhoid fever. The deceased was a promising lad of 17 years of age, and much sympathy is felt for his widowed mother and his brothers in their affliction. The funeral, which took place at the Presby terian Cemetery, East Perth, on Sunday .afternoon, was largely attended, the principal masters, and students of the Scotch college, where Master Grant was being educated, also taking part in it Coming of Age. — On Saturday evening last Mr. E. G. Lacey, proprietor of the Belle Vue Brick Works, entertained liis employees at dinner at his residence "TTndercliffe," the occasion being the com ing of age of his only son Mr. James Lacey. There were about 80 ladies and gentlemen present — dinner being served on the verandah. Mr. J. Laidlaw in proposing the health of Mr. Lacey, junr., referred to the enterprise shown by Mr. Lacey, senr., in establishing such large brickworks in the colony. The plant was of up to date and modern type and would compare favourably with almost any in Australia. On behalf of the employees lie had pleasure in pre senting Mr. Lacey, junr., who was a great favourite among them, with a handsome travelling bag. Mr. Lacey. junr., appro priately acknowledged the presentation. The health of Mr. Lacey, senr., was also enthusiastically, drunk. In reply Mr. Lacey stated that he purposed to still further improve and add to the brick- ' making plant during the present year. The works were the largest in the colony and they could also boast of the largest and highest chimney stack. Other toasts including those of " Mrs. Lacey," the " Misses Lacey," the " Employes," the " Manager," &c.;, were honoured. A most enjoyable evening was spent, songs and recitations being given by those present together with some excellent selections from the grainaphone. The company dis persed at 11 o'clock, well pleased with their evening's entertainment. The Union Stores, Fresiantle.— The Union Stores have now opened the finest lot of working men's tools in West Aus tralia, at most reasonable prices. Hard- . "ware, and groceries of all descriptions to meet the times, only the best brands, of wines, beer, and spirits kept in stock, in tending customers would do well to write tor a catalogue, which will be forwarded per return mail. 