Our Bands at Beualla. [Contributed.] The pagt few weeks has been an anxious time with bandsmen in our town, more especially with the Town Band, as it was only decided a month or five weeks ago to try conclusions at the Benalla contest. Once decided upon, the matter was taken up with great spirit, and upon securing the services of that popular and clever leader, Mr ,J. Lawton, of Alhury, close practice was indulged in, and right royally did the members respond to the hard work set them by the bandmaster. It was thought by some that the Town Band would not have a “ ghost of a show” against the Miners’ and Benalla bands, ns they were in perfect readiness mouths ago. At any rats Bandmaster Lawton was consulted, and his verdict was that lie was confident of success ; 'lie talent was there and he would pot the band into a place. This he succeeded in doing, and he was warmly complimented on all hands when the results were made known. The Miners’ Band, under Mr Stevenson, was only seven points behind the Town Band, and had the satisfaction of again defeating Beechworth. On Thursday morning, 4ih inst., the •pecial train steamed away with the Town Band and a great following of supporters, the Miners’ Band having left in the early train. Passing the mine cheers went up lond and strong. A stoppage was made at Lilliput for half-a-dozen supports. On arriving at Sprmghurst things were “dead,” not a passenger seemed to be therein wailing. Not so at Wangaratta, for the station was crowded. Upon the train coming to a standstill, the Beech worth Band struck up, and fraternal greetings were exchanged, wishing saccess. On arriving at Benalla it wa9 seen that the spesial was crowded, a pleasant feature in these exchange of visits; when the bands formed np in front of the station it wbs a fine sight. Beechworth were the centre of attraction, and «ith their smart drum-major, caused quite a flutter of excitement among the fair sex. The Rutherglen Town Band were first marched out into line on the right, followed by the Miners’, Beechworth and Benalla on the left, making over 100 bandsmen. A procession was formed, headed by the mounted riflemeo, and the massed bands marched off to the tune of “Constellation.” The playing of this excellent march was a failure, inasmuch as not one-half of the men were “ triers," preferring to save themselves for contest ing work. This massing is a mistake, and certainly not a fair thing to foster on the gentle public. The proper course to pursue would be to arrange each band separately, and make them play independ ently on the march through the town. By this means four different tunes would have been heard on Thursday last at Benalla, instead of one, which was wretchedly played. The very fact of the bands being arranged as one combination gives an opening for saving themselves, and the legitimate thing is wanting. The leader of one of the visiting bands was observed standing on the corner of the street enjoying a laugh, and half of his men were either without music or not blowing their instruments. Promoters of band contests would do well to take a hint from these remarks, and thereby give the publia the benefit of hearing what was intended for them. The march ing from the station was anything but comfortable, for as soon as the bands moved off a continuous cloud of dust hung over the whole, and pretty figures the two dark uniformed bands (Rntherglen Town and Betialla) presented when dis missed. The other two bands (in khaki) came off the best, but when playing in the rain later on looked very much washed out. Drnm-mBjor G. Mills superintended the arrangements of the Town Band and President Rowe had the Miners’ in charge when marching. The various bands, after taking lunch, repaired to the show ground, and shortly after one o’clock the secretaries of tho various bands drew for places, which resulted as follows :— Miners’, 1; Beechworth, 2 ; Rutherglen Town, 3 ; Benalla, 4. After the first round was gone through it was pretty generally predicted that the result would be as recorded, viz. : — Benalla, 1 ; Rutherglen Town, 2; Rutherglen Miners’, 3 ; Beechworth, 4. Rain was falling throughout the progress of the playing, and as it was accompanied wfth heavy wind, the public did not hear much music. Benalla was, of course, mighty jubilant at being first ; and the Rutherglen Town Band was complimented from all quarters, as also was iheir bandmaster, Mr J. Lawton. There is no denying the fact that the supporters of the Miners' Band were very much disappointed at being displaced by the Town Band, and it is stated that over £50 changed hands, so keen was the feeling. Those who were close enough to hear the music rendered speak in the highest terms of the rendition of each. Upon the return of the Town Band they received a great reception at the station, and scores of invitations were offered from solid supporters, and freely accepted that evening, and during next day. The services of Mr Lawton, are to be retained by the Town Band, and under I his tuition still greater strides will be made, i 1 