Farramatta Pollcs Csnasrf. WEDNESR&Y; tf OV. 14. (Before Mr. T. E. MaoNevin, P.M., and Mr. P. J. Braine, J.P.) Mary Johnson, on bail, was oharged with drunkenness. She did not appear, but a gen tleman who had gono bail for her paid the fine for her. ALLEGED ASSAULT AND ROBBERY. James Clarke and Michael Ryan wero charg ed with assaulting F. T. Thwaites, and stealing from him Is 9j!d. Mr. Mclntosh appeared for Clarke. Sergeant Nies deposed that he arrested Clarke about 9.30 a.m. on- Saturday. He was then in front of the Courthouse, talking to Ryan. As witness came up they were chang ing hats. Clarke was on horseback, and Ryan in charge of a cart. Charged Clarke with as saulting Thwaites and robbing :him of Is 9Jd, on the evening of the 3th inst. Ryan said to him, ' Now, don't you crack a lie.'- Snid to Clarke, ' Who was with you last night .?' Clarke said, ' I didn't know the cove.' Said, ' That's all nonsense, you must have known him.' Clarke said, 'There was no one with me at all.' Ryan had taken the horse. Witness went away to look for the prosecutor. At a0.30 was going down Church-street, and metBynn racing up the street on Clarke's horse. Arrested him him and charged him with riding the horse furiously to the common danger of pedestrians in tho street. He said, ' I wasn't racing.' Also said, ' I chargo you with assaulting a man named Thwaites, and robbing him of Is :93d, in company with Clarke on the 9th inst.' Ryan said, ' I can beat you on both charges.' ?On the way to the lock-up said, ' Whose horse is this you've got ?' He said, ' It's my mate's horse.' Witness said, 'Who isyourmate?'Ryan said, ' The man you locked up this morning.' In the morning when they were changing hats, witness said, ' Why are you changing hats ?' One of the defendants said, ' This fellow was going on a message for me.' Clarko was then wearing a moustache; he is now shaved. P. T. Thwaites, tool sharpener, deposed that as a rule he went round the district working. Remembered the 9th of November. Could not swear to the ? men in the dock. Left Neieh's hotel a little after 9 p.m. on the 9th November. Found that two men were follow ing him. Went across the road. When near the Church corner a man tried to trip w'tness. The man was nearly as tall as witness. There was another man behind him. Witness turned, and ran. Later on, he was knocked down, and was kicked in the hip and the ribs. Was stunned for a moment. Hud Is 9Jd on him then. Thought that the farthing pro duced was the one he had lost. After he was assaulted he called out, ' Police.' Someone interfered. The two men cleared, but a man was brought back immediately. The man brought back was something like defendant Clarke. The person who had caught the man took from him a sixpence, a threepenny piece, a halfpenny, and a farthing (the coin that witness had received from Mr. Neich about an hour before). Witness had on him when as saulted a shilling, a sixpence, a threepenny piece, a halfpenny, and a farthing. E. Garlick deposed that he resided in Pen nant-street. On the 9th inst. he heard a dis turbance in front of his house. Saw -'Clarke holding Thwaites down. Clarke aaid, 'You'ye got more than that.' When Clarke saw wit ness he ran away. Brought him back to Thwaites. Thwaites said that Clarke had as saulted and robbed him. Thought that Thwaites asked Clarke to give up his money. Saw the money afterwards in Thwaites' hand. There was a lamp. Had a good look at Clarke. Clarke had been clean-shaved since. Could not identify Ryan. ' W. H. Neich, licensee of the Rose and Crown hotel, deposed that he gave Thwaites the far thing produced on the 9th ins t Saw Clarke at his hotel door on the 9th of Novembei Witness said, ' Two scoundrels have commit ted an assault on a harmless man along here ' Clarke said, ''?What sort of a man is he '' (re ferring to Thwaites). Witness said, ' Here he is, if you wish to see him.' Clarke said, ' Oh, no, thank you. Good night.' Thwaites was as white as a ghost and was trembling like a leaf when he came back to witness's hotel after the alleged assault. Jam/as Ryan, labourer, residing at Granvillo, deposed that the defendant Ryan was bis son. Witness's son went from Granville with Clarke about 6 or 7 p.m. on the 9th of November. About 6 or 7 the next morning, witness's son returned. On the Monday, Clarke said that during the previous Friday evening he had ' bumped against' an old man; who had ac cusod him of bumping him. The old man went to hit him, and ho hit theHjld man. Wit ness's son was not there. Clarke was committed for trial at tho Parra matta Quarter Sessions on November 26. Bail was fixed at £80, and two suretiesjin £40 each, or one in £80. Ryan was discharged. CURIOUS DRIVING, The defendant Ryan, discharged in the last case, was convicted of furious riding on Satur day, and was fined 10s, in default, three days' imprisonment. 