SALVATION BY WORKS. By Walter C. Smith, D-D., LL.D. Work out your own salvation with fear and trembling; for it is God wliich worketh in you both to will and to do, of His good pleasure. Philippians ii., 12, 13. There are three things calling for notice in this passage:-(1) There is the exhorta tion, "Work out your own salvation;" (2) tlhere is the encouragement to do this, "For it is God that worketih in you bo'th to will land to do;" and (3) there is the direction as to the manner of work ing, "Work out your own salvation with fear and tremlbling." First of all, then, the apostle exhorts ue, as ihe exhorted the Philippians, to work out our own salvation. Now, there is a sense, and a very weighty one, in which salvation is no work of ours at all, but simply a. free gift of God, through Jesus Christ our Lord. For we have sinned, and the very first requisite for sal vation is that our sin should be for given. Yet there is nothing that we can do to secure that forgiveness. We can not atone for any wrong that we have done by doing afterwards what we ought to do. You can never wipe off an old debyt by subsequently paying faithfully from day to day what from day to day is due. If I have erred to-day it will not mend matters that I keep right to-morrow. That is only what I ought to do, and the thing that I ought not to have done re mains still to be reckoned with. Pardon, then, is not a thing we can at all work out for ourselves. Mercy and meijit are directly opposite ideas. Salvation, therefore, in that sense is purely by grace, not by any works of righteousness that we have done or can do, and that thought should ever lie deep in every man's heart. But then salvation is much more than forgiveness. A criminal might obtain par don through the clemency of his sovereign, so that the law he has broken shall not exact its p.enalty, from him at any time. But if he just return to his. old evil ways, and is as much as ever enslaved to the pas sions and the cravings that made a crimi nal of him, we would not say that such a man was saved. On the contrary, he is as much lost as ever, and unless He begins to mend his ways and lead a new life, he is a far from salvation as ever as he was. Now, nobody can do this thing for him; he must do it for himself. He must begin to work out deliverance from that power of evil. He must begin'that earnestly, and work it out for himself. Our salvation in its larger sense is not a free gift, but is partly the fruit of our own labor. It is not enough that we are justified through faith, unless we are also freed from the evil tendencies and habits and passions which are, after all, the proper ruin of our souls. Thus regarded, salvation must be wrought out by us, not merely for us. For this part of it our co-operation is just as necessary as God's grace, and, therefore, it is that the apostle calls us here to work out our salvation. Now, people seem to me often to think that because they cannot.be justified by their own good works, therefore they have, in fact, little or nothing to do in the whole matter. They may not openly say that; they may have been too well instructed for that; yet the listless inac tivity of much of our religious life prove-! only too clearly that there are many who look on the great business of salvation as if it were not properly any business of theirs. Therefore the apostle's exhorta tion here is of weight to one and all of us, as it reminds us that salvation, like everything else worth having, is only to be got by the labor of a man's life, and the sweat, as it were, of his soul. To be fellow-heirs with Christ we must needs be fellow-workers with 'him too. A list less Christianity, a lukewarm: religion, a piety that makes no effort to growj an indolent, indifferent godliness, that is wholly inconsistent with the spirit of the Gospel of Christ. True faith is in its very essence-a life of struggle, a sore travail, a ceaseless conflict. So it is described once and again in- the Bible as a warfare, and if there is any business in the world which must be done with air one's might if it is to be done at all, it is just that business of fighting. The soldier who trifles at his work; shall get nothing thereby 'but disgrace and ruin. He shall never secure the ends of his wajfare without toil and hardship, and forced marches, and night watches, and frequent privations, and, terrible conflicts which strain all'his powers to their very highest point. That, everyone knows, is the ne cessity of a warfare upon earth. And yet, how many so-called soldiers of Christ are going on as if Christianity was a system of salvation-made-easT-. They are satisfied with their orthodox creeds, got "without much trouble of thinking, or with the comely forms of worship received by tradi tion from their fathers; but they make lit tle or no effort to deny ungodliness and worldly lusts, and to lay aside Resetting sins, or to be conformed unto Christ. What can we say of a religion like that, which is no wise seeking to work out-salva tion? It is a mere pious indolence, which makes no good fight, therefore .wins no vic tory, and therefore salvation is no nearer to it than it ever was. Alas, that anyone should thus dawdle through life doing no thing, resisting nothing, achieving no thing, strengthening no good thing, but just dropping languidly down the stream on a raft of meagre performances and feeble beliefs, till the dread realities of eternity roll one day into view, and remind him with a terrible force that it is not in that way he must work out salvation. NO "RELIGION MADE EASY." I pray you, lay this well to heart. Re demption had to be wrought out for us, yet salvation has still to be -wrought out by us. Religion made easy, therefore, is a mere impossibility. Ana if you think what, you are, and what you Irnve to be, you will readily see how impossible it is. Just look, each of us, into our own hearts -look, and tell me is it easy to cast down its vain imaginations, its proud _ self reliance, and to humble its self-sufficiency, and become, as a little child, and through sorrow and darkness to hold fast to your confidence in God? If you find that easy, you are the first Christian I ever heard of who had not to wrestle with an evil heart of unbelief. Consider, too, the force of evil habits that have laid hold upon you, and me, and the worldly influences that surround us, and the envies, and the selfishness, and the enmities which so often assail us. Do you find it easy to break these old bonds, and to set your affections upon the unseen and eternal things, to be truly spiritually minded with all these carnal forces tug ging at your soul? Do you find that that costs you no trouble? Again, you are the first Christian I ever heard of who never groaned to be delivered, and struggled to be delivered, from the flesh and from the world. CASTING OFF AND PUTTING ON. Moreover, salvation is a very great thought. It is not merely deliverance from temptation; nay, it is not merely deliverance from wickedness, but it is to cast off all that is little and poor and mean, . and to put on the true nobleness of God's children, thinking ever what is wise and good, doing ever what is pure and lovely and generous. And can you imagine tnat it is , easy for us, being such as we are, to attain to that pitch of a holy and beautiful life - to be meek and merciful, and humble, and generous, and brave, and true, and pure; to love the Dord with all our hearts and to love our neighbor as Christ loved us? Nay, that is no easy matter, as you will find j the moment you begin to try._ There is watchfulness,' and loi.fr patience, a.nd faithfuminess with yourself, and self-denial, and a crucifying of the flesh with its affections and lusts, and a rooting up of evil habits even should our own bleeding hearts be at the root. Believe me, saints are not manufactured by Sabbaths and ceremonies and sacraments without pains and griefs and labors and err eat fights with affliction. Christ has made salvation possible for us, 'but He has not made it easy. It was not otherwise I possible, but He has now made it possi j ble but not easy. He has -cast, as it were, j a rope to shipwrecked souls that were vainly buffeting with the breakers and blinded with the spray, and benumbed, and ready to perish. We could never have made any way without 'that help, wounded and battered as we were; but now all may be well, for He is near us an»l He is able to save us; only there still needs effort on our part, as well as on His, were it only to hold fast by the cord of life, and to watch the sharp rocks and other perils that lie in our way. That effort, however, is required just as really as the help is held out. The door is open, but it is still a strait gate, and we must strive to enter -is. Eterp&l; life may be. laid-hold of, but we must fight the good fight that we may lay hold of it. Therefore, if our religion gives us no anxiety, if it calls for no strenuous struggle, if it is not watchful, if it is not nraverful, if it is not busy m works of S and labors of love, then 1 fear me it is a religion much too comfortable to be real; easy for flesh and blood, but nowise likely to change us from glory to glory into the likeness of Christ. Therefore, let us be up and. doing, giving all diligence to work out our salvation. THE ENCOURAGING MOTIVE. Secondly, let me ask you to note the encouragement given to us to engage in this work-"For it is God which worketh in you both to will and to do of His good measure." I have' called tins an encourag ing motive, and I am very sure that Paul I meant it to be so, and also that rightly 1 understood it is one, of the most cheering and hopeful words within the volume ot the book. Yet there is no denying that it has often been a source of no small perplexity and trouble of mind, for it has I been frequently read as if this "were what I it means:-''Work out your own. salva tion, but remember at the same time that I you can do nothing, and will do nothing, lor that end unless God first of all work in you both to will and to do it, and this He does solely of His own good pleasure.' Now I do not wonder that when it is so understood it becomes a source of per plexity and trouble. Observe, I do not question the soundness -of the doctrine; I only say it is sound doctrine, but not at all to be quoted; for the argument does not hang together if you tell a man to work, but that he cannot work unless God first of all work in him, which He does solely on His own good pleasure. That really appears to be. an incompre hensible position of reason, and Paul, though sometimes difficult, never is un reasonable. Yet the motive given on this view appears of all others the one least likely to secure his object. Such a method of dealing with reasonable souls would be to my mind altogether incom prehensible. Note, however, that this is not a matter of doctrine, but only ^ of I interpretation. X doubt not that God must work' in us all if we are ever to 1 work to any purpose. _ I question not I that we all need the quickening, purify I ing operation of the Divine Spirit in | order to take one step in working out salvation. That lies at the root of all sound theology and of all vital religion. I pity the man who thinks to become godlike without God's help, which none ever was or ever shall be. . Yet I can not for a moment believe that' Paul called the Philippians to work because it! was first of all necessary that God snould work in them. But the importiand the beauty and the comfort of this word will appear at a glance when you see that what the apostle really says is- Work out your own salvation, for God is work ing in you bot'h to will and to do in His goodwill to you." None _ who knows Greek will question that this is the only translation, "in His goodwill to you. That is the only meaning which the pas sage will really bear, and wnen it is thus read the argument at once becomes clear, and the perplexity at once gives place to a feeling of relief and _ good hope. That God must needs work in us is. of course taken for granted, but we are encouraged by the assurance that this is exactly what He is doing. . These are two very different things. The first statement is part of the great mystery in which all the relations of the Divine and infinite are wrapped up, and about which men have always held long dispute, coming to no end. But the second settlement, that He is working in us, is part of- the Gospel, the goou_ news of God, the glad tidings of great joy to all mankind. For this is virtually what Paul says:-"Work out your salvation, for now the great impossibility has be come possible since God is working in you. There is no hopeless task to which 1 am calling you, no fruitless beating of the air, ho idle effort of the Ethiopian to change his. skin or the leopard .his spots. The Lord is working in you, for lie is mighty and He will save. Whatever nn pulse you feel, whatever goodwill to mis work, look upon that as a token of His presence and of His readiness to help you in it. That is God working in you both to wi'l'l it atfid to do it." , Are you, for instance, feeling the empti ness, the unsatisfactoriness of- this pre sent world, its vanities, and its vexa tions? That is God working in you to turn you away from its empty broken cisterns. Are you cast down with a deep sense of your sin and unworthiness? That is God working in you to give you a broken and contrite heart, which is His accepted sac rifice. Are you touched with some anxiety for the weal of your immortal soul? That, .too, is God working in you to give you a true idea of its high worth and its destiny. Are you feeling your own weakness and full of self-distrust? Again, that'is God working in you to teach you that He is your help and shield. Is your heart smitten with the thought how sweat it were could you only live' the life of faith; how precious Christ must be to them that believe; how good it were to have the peace that passeth under standing, and the hope that maketh not ashamed; how blessed it were to pillow your troubled soul, with all its vex ing thoughts, upon the loving bosom? Have you any such feelings as these throbbing in you now and then! Oh, if you feel any of these in you, any longing and yearning for God, the iiving God, reckon them to be tokens of His presence and the pledges of His help-the first comings of a tide that will bear you on to everlasting life. See, then, that ye resist not the spirit who thus shows His goodwill to you, but yield yourself, yand arise as His fellow^worker, to work out salvation when He is work ing in you to will it and to do it. When I look at the matter now in this light, I do not know any word of "race fitted to give us better heart than this. Therefore, it is the very essence of the Gospel not only to preach wnat great tilings Christ has done, but also to set forth the great things the spirit of Christ is doing in us. We must combine the doctrine of thi> Comforter with the doctrine of the Saviour. God's goodwill to us is mani fested as surely in the one as in the other, and our hope Tests quite as much on the present 'Divine help as on the perfect Divine sacrifice. There is no full Gospel which does niot assure us that both are freely given as both are truly. needed. Indeed, however urgent it be, this would be a very hopeless business, this working out of salvation, but for the promise ot the Spirit to quicken us and strengthen us and give us repentance and faith, ana in the end perfect the work which He has begun. Rich, truly, is the grace which God has revealed to us in Christ, full of high promise and wondrous hope, but in a sense it is outside of us, in Him, not m us. And it cannot become really a possession of ours, a thing within us, till it enters into the. very essence of our being and our life by the indwelling of the iioly Ghost. For that end it needs an inward spiritual change, and therefore an inward spiritual worker to bring fully home to us the grace of the Lord Jesus. It is past question that this Divine help is absolutely necessary, and the spiritual value of the truth taught in. my text is that it tells us God is even now doing m us what is so urgently required by us; He virtually working m us, m you and. me, to will and to do m His goodwill to us in His great and unsearchable love to us' through Jesus Christ our Lord. 