1 H I Ms "hern H.'iifJ that books exert a lasting in ; fUianrc over t he reader. That thi* Is so true expe rience tenches. We Ipse ourselves in a deeply inte ' resting book of IraveJ or adventure, or gel work ed up to a feverish state by a novel of nn excit ing nature, or if may he the simple moral 4sik* that .soothes and rpjietens us, JJooks influence dif ferent diameters in divers ways, 'lake, for ex ample, one of »Silas floe kind's eha; mindly .simph" tabs of J J j/' Cornish coast, with their spite of the supernatural in the opening chapters; place this in the hands of a person who heli"vrs in ghosts awl similar creations. It si ems to fix the belief inure strongly in their mind, although in the rinsing chapters if is clearly shown that, un .scropnhers men traded on ad/J rnf'ooragti) the simple fisher folk in their supc: Rl i 1 ion to pain their own dishonest, ends. Take the ordinary fuvlm.n woe); obserw the reddens who constantly feed liwii rninds on this kind of food. Often you will find a stiff unnatural manner mingled willi ri foolish kind of sent):ncntii)hm that is a? un healthy as it is unbecoming. Watch those who read pood hooks; hooks of travel by those who have travelled and know of what they write, who, without perhaps knowing it. let part of their noble nalmes leak out through their yams as they write. Take the readers of such hooks ,?s these, you will find they are lifted up from their daily toil, who without. Flopping outside their imme diate surroundings are yet travelled, and are en- j veloped hy an atmosphere that is not narrow or j narnped. It is as though they fixed up a large i (elm-rope, arrd fh.'oogh it ivec able to \i'\v the | world, fseeinp many face**, many ways, and hear- J ing many opinions, even tliouph they' are all j ''paper people," and only speak through the rne- j diuin of paper, broadens and enlightens the mind. ! As slated in the beginning, character is partly j rcspon-dfde for (be imprcRsfor/s- formed, ell are not J raM in the same mould; yet a good hook must J always ever I a heru ficial infhuerwe n\ er the ' reader, Head Tennyson's poems; tiow they soothe | the restless spirit,-. You fumy you can hear the ] ,music of the words stealing on you from the I distance. You (rune (berri with (be feeding of having peeped inside some beautiful place, and j caught, the sound of stiungo. sweet mimic. Coing j along your way between time* you catch some thing of the Trreaning of the great writer's words from the hook of Nature around you. Your eves scenied opened after reading «5wh pieces «<; I "In Momonnm" and "The brook." Things to j which you were blind now become n source of } pleasure. So it is with all books, each influences | you if) their own particular way. Unconsciously j corners are rubbed away, from our characters by j the hooks we read; grind or had thoughts and ideas j sown, opinions of people, jdacc.s, and things for- J med almost, before we have time to realize what. I lias happened. This slurfvs how very careful we | should all he in the choice of bonks. It is in | our power to read what we will; we cannot al- | ways rhcxise our friends and associates, they arc i often the result of rireurn'uanros. books wo can | and ought, to choose: wisely, 'fiinre they arc our J constant arid often only companions. On them we are often obliged to depend for (ompany and en- ^ tertainmenl. This gives thorn the power either to I improve or maf our characters and lives, bet us [ iilj strive for the host we ran get ill hunks, and J so build up pure diameters. --No. of woids, ."/p". j 