THE GOVERNMENT GAZETTE. Thuriday, October 4> OBOWN LANDS. Applications for transfers of leases have been made as followsPerpetual lease, Hd. of Waterbouse, from Trustees Bagdad Estate to Geo. and F. Hayes. Right of purchase lease, Hd. of Waterhouse, from Liquidators Robe Refrigerating and Boiling Down Ooy., to R T. Affl'ob. The Central Land Board have allotted Seo. 159; Hd. of Stirling, 380 aores- rental £1 lis. 8d" purchase money £142 10s.-to E F. O. L Erson, on right of purchase; and Sees. 371 and 376, Hd. of Wirrega, 707 acres-rental 14s. 9d., purchase money £176 15j.-to Ernest F. Jaensob, on right of purchase. Applications for transfers of Grown leases as folltifta have' been made- Homestead lease, Hd. of Wirrega, from Frank Bradley to Geo. Hillier, jun.; right of purchase lease, Hd. of Young, from Exeoutors late A. MacLichlan to F. Grundy. SOUTH EASTERN LAND BOABD. The Board will meet lo allot lands, &o;, at Narracoarte on October 12, at Kingston on October 13, at Penola on Ootuber 16 at Mount Gambier on Ootober IS, and at Millicent on October 19. CUSTOMS BECEIPTS. Ia August the Customs receipts atBsaohport were £94 14lid., at Ssrvicetoa £232 4i. 9J., and on the Yiotorian Border £168 18j, 33,; total, £495 17s. lid. BEAOHPOBT AND MILLICENT MAILS. Mails for offices between Mount Gambier and Beaohporfc will, until further notice, be oarried by train on Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays, and Saturdays, and by railway tricyole on Tuesdays and Thursdays. On Mondays, Tues days, Thursdays, and Fridays the mails will arrive and depart sb at present. On Saturdays the hours for arrival and departure will be the same as on Mondays and Fridays. On Wed nesdays, on the journey from Mount Gambier to Baaobport, the mails will run as on Mon days, Fridays, and Saturdays, but on the journey from Beacbpirt to Mount Gambier they will run two hours and thirty minutes later than on Mondays, Fridays, and Satur days. j i MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY. - A Shakesperean evening in connection with the Mount Gambier Mutual Improvement Society was held last night. Mr. A. Billing occupied the Chair in the absence of the Rev. R. A. Caldwell. A good programme was carried out. - The openiug overture was played very nicely by Miss H. Tucker. Mr. P. Krummel read a paper, written by Mrs*. Kook, on "Shakespeare's Women." Mrs. , Kook gave a graphic sketch of the mo3t striking of the dramatist's heroines. ' Mr. MacNeil quoted from "Hamlet," and gave a forcible demonstration of the hero's char acter. Mr. Nicholson, a visitor from Yahl, and Mr. P. Krummel gave that portion of the drama which introduces to Hamlet his father's ghost. Messrs. Clezy and Krummel, taking the parts of Cassius and Brutus, respectively, gave an excellent rendition of one of the most popular passages of "Julius Caesar." Mr. Haddy gave his hearers a concise, but comprehensive, sketch of " The Merchant of Venice." During the course of his sketch Miss Hammer splendidly recited Portia's reply to Shylock, " The quality of mercy," See.. The evening closed with a pianoforte selection by Mr. F. Riachbieth. Mr; Hale, manager of the branch o! the Bank ot Australasia at Port Pitie, was found dead beside hie bed on Monday morning. The caretaker, being unable to gain an entrance to the bank, and Mr. Hale making no response to repeated knocking, the police were sent for. The door was broken in, and the body was found, dressed in pyjMms, lying on the floor in front of the bed. Deceased had apparently stood over a lo>king-gla3a io a Btooping position and fired into his right temple. The bullet passed out near his left ear. A revolver lay alongside the dressing table. Deceased was a single man, 37 years of age. The whole affair is shrouded in mya'.eiy as far aB the cause of (be tragedy is ooncerned. An inqueBt will be held. The bu'ter shipments from Australia have arrived in London at a very bad time, as there Ad un'.imi ed quantities of local produce avail able. The consignments have been pot in store. Tho Governor-General. Lord Hopetoun, is to be taken direct from Fremantle to Sydney iii a man-of-war. He is expected to reaoh Frtmantln on Deoemb r 4 Three men who left Pieman River, Tas mania, on » boating excursion, are missing. Their boa's has been found bottom up. Alice White, .a youog Sydney gi*l, waa reaiiug in b^d. She fell asleep, and the i oandle set Sre to the bedoloihes. She died I in tbe Hospital. Seventeen Continental buyers went down 1 over the crisis in wool. Their liabilities w« re £*,530,000." i W-.'ol ii now coming freely to hand at South Australian ports of shipment A gang of (our burglars were obased in ' Perth by throe policemen. Tne burglars I shot and wounded two of the latter. One of i th<* burglars was shot and aaptured. The I wounded men are not seriously hurt. Two half-caste emulators of tho Governors J h-vvo been captured and sent to gaol. Tbe j Governors still keep clear of their pursues, | and are able to replenish their oommieSvi*t by Btioiing up isolated huts. 