OUR MELBOURHE LETTER. -4-t--~ Therc are some amusing " typogra plrical errors " aiwa)s cropping up in the newspapers, and, I saw an esample of one this week in an Adalaide paper-one of the principal S. A. journals in fact. It happened in a report of an Anglican Ordination service. The words ran " Archdeacon French preached the sermon froem the ,words of Christ " Take my yoke upon you and learn of \le,'and soberly the Iaper went on to say : The venerable Archdeacon pointed out that " deuced" ..practical lessons for the Ministerial life • were recognised as being very helpful -and appropriate. Of course" deduced" was the word that should have -appeared. Christmas and the New Year have passed, but in Melbourne still the ?hccls of business are revolving very =eslowly. Two days holiday at its com -mencement-one of them Christmas 1)ay, a blazer-has knocked the vim and vigour out of most people, antd they are not inclined to exert them selves. It is a good thing when New Year's Eve falls on a Sunday as the \- hotels aleclosed-at lea-; are supposed to be-and there is not, rsing partly to the curtal!ment of the facilities for obtaining liquor, and also to the sacred -character of the day, the same silly senseless noises which form the usual accompaniment to the " Wake of the old year, and the bilth of the New" as when these dual events fall on an ordinary week day. At the same time it must be admitted that even on such a day -or night rather -the din is not so intense or prolonged as it was formerly. Some years ago I was in a country town on New Year's Eve, and when the witch:ng hour arrived some Thuman ass in the local detachment of the militia discharged his Martini Henri rifle in thie air, oblivious to the fact that it was loa.d d wit hat cartridge, which •if the bulikt hit anyone in its descent would speed ly have sent them to keep tie O.d Year company. In Melbourne ceven or tight years ago all the engines at Spencer St. scr uip an inane whistling on New Years Eve which nearly drove sic people m.id, and disturbed the comrnunlty generally. W\e have done away with such old world imbecilities .as Guy Farkes' Day, and St Valen line's and April Fools' D1)ys are nearly exrinct, and the sooner the New Year aindnight loolery goes the same way tile better, whlne the Go'd Friday nuisance of boys banginig at y)our door at 4 or 5 a.m. yelling ' Do )ou want any 'ot cross buns," night also be pat a stop to with great advantage. "Tlere has been a lamentable bay fatality in S)dn.-y, and this is unfor tunate.y not uncommon at holiday times, fur the simple reason that there are tew places where people, especially it the sexes be mingled, play the fool to such an exten. as mn a hoat. Insane -lbehavior sometimes takes place when tne " lads and Ia'ses" are together in rveiicles, and I have seen two nen- supposed to be sane-eagerly tucking a rug round a young lady while the rmeins were far out of control hanging all -over the horse's fl'nks, and down about -Lis inrd fetlock-. It did not seem to occur to themn that they were risking the safety of thie lair one's life and limbs in their solicitude for the warmth -ori the latter. Bit a b-oat is pir excel 4'ence the speclairty of the festive fool, and tc junmp about in it ; to " tack" suddenly so that the girls go sprauling and screaming down to the lee side. is " great fun," and Is often indulged in, with, however, the reverse of " unny" results. AMany landsmen seem to have either an hysterical dread of going on the water at all, or elsean insane reck lessn-rss in connection with a marine -cxcurs:on, and the former is certainly the sa!er susceptibility to possess. Sun e of the rtecrcolonial papers are irlniating the " Argus," and starting a i' lersonal" column. This no doubt alppeals to readers of a certain class, but the darger of it is that it may either degenerate into toad)ism, or in the S.fir to avoid this and to be " demo ratio" may become ridiculous. Thl'ne Argus' column is at times very r" mr:ed prickles," and one sees the earn o an Englihsh d .ec-who was nee in M!elb.,u:ne for three weeks ears ago, announced above the realty nd pesrsnalty in connection with the tate of ,.small shopkeeper not known "utide his little connection except by he writer of the "Personal'column. There is no douot that unless the agi.ing about who is responsible for he water supply to the mains of Mel our:ne is n.t soon settled once and for ii '.cre illI hIe a tremendous con agrarion, errh great loss of property, au Il.kcly enoulh of life in the metro is sne htot day or right. Tihe erenIt pressure on "scorchers" is i,-rablc, and it takes all the time to I tte bath, let alone to put out a aZ ng hrOuse. Tife water trickles, cr a sort of gurgling sound has tutcd irs tardy approach, from the p, aind almost iuseless for domestic irOaSeS. jie mIatter at thie present Scif procedure Is not likely to be r:d tii, hii or MeLbourne is in arshes .Psiarrirent is quickened into taking line action I do no: ensy thire ritish and Aus ahian troopi, In the Transvaal their -cid iata menu, which it seems is of tensire proIlorutons, but if the Boer ii ight :i " :tiiou;;g," thie Britisher :. 5j.5 co.5nn:d cousin ought to be able "d 'i it ,uf' tm c.nned stuff. ..But r al th;s ti .n'd rmeat is not rempting, iJi houseiises ;ho kno:v that the ,ichitt i5il shut, as tihey did for tihe -nt ho:idays, fris Saturday till tlnesda.y rnorrung, are nor helped or he.rcd Ii their p~rplesitics by tire uirghit that they can lay in a stock of uinSl meat, uniiess they are of the rift% c i.e" sort who of.cn drive ad ads to d::rk or divorce. Any hnrg ti::ned is a lislr examplle ol tihe na .hs i Ot t giol rstate, and to prove I r 'iis hiS ons oy cn ratScotch salmnion COy tak- n trcu the rivers of its a1.: 1 1, ni d ithen so'_th of the line l:irttcd toi these colonies in tins. ', Cart,, introit wii lar'e to face i " trM 'nd independent electors" of taiu:, and ;\oca, a:d ask them for a r:wd of their-i confidence" at a date i t ie flt:d as he ihas accepted the I ttliCs of .Minister of Educatrion and e.ui-ti, unt of Customs, rendered 'ant by the- rect defeat of .Mr l I'CJy at Ca-tiemaine. Mr Salmon is 'aangu-. sort of politucian with no -ck o self confidence, and that "made ,a-rmired on-every-question of-tlhe y -art of ir which is so character I ti ithe A.N.A politician. At the ine time his personal qualities arec , s to attract people to him, there he ii! not be easy to beat.. ' Certainly no Labour member would have a ghost of a show against him, and after the belting "Blathcring larker" received from the Hon. the Postmaster General at North Melbourne the Party" should keep quiet and " lay !ow" for some time to come. 