L Sketches. \ I kavg bean thinking very seriously r lately of ronewing my a;quaintauce J with tho readers of tho -Scone I Advocate, und, when my mind d«il'« I fora time upon an idoa, I always act, I upon it. There is something abnu? I Scuno and its' Advocate that twines 1 about tho memory and clings there, r.q 1 matter how long the separation : and I to this feoling is due tho wish once * ? i».si4?nf lyrfifif.inry. f- Tbtre has been some very savn^q ll back-biting up Rouchel way rpconlly, i\ which appears to be on n level with l\ tho pot calling the kettle black. The ?? ancient scot called Pharisees appear to \\\ have gained several adherents in that I picturesque little village ' O Lord, I j (hank tliee, I am not ns other raon '! avo' might be road betweon the lines t o1. tbeir various letters. Thoso goody ?: goody folk must bo new arrivals in tho I plnce, I should think, becansoall the i old inhabitants used to bo such f charitable and generons-mindod people I It is a P'ty tbat tho imbocilo ink |j slingors who bavo been relieving thoiv I liltlo raiuds in your columns could not M bo banishod, so that tho old , original M harmony of the place could be 0 restored. I have not seeu among those' a letters ono honest, out-spokou, manly is expression of opinion. They apa a H saintly and quiet tone, and some have !j tho presumption to paint: the saored '?i name oE God on their banners, bnt the I 1 ' poison of asps is under their lips.' Ej Your Rouchol correspondent wrote ri a vory deoent eulogy on ' Bob Whit f\ ford;' a trifle overdrawn it may bo, $\ bat wo always overdo thoso kind of |1 things, yoa know, and it is a generous I thins; to Bay all the good you can |j about tho honorable dead. Bnt |j ' Temperance ' won't have ifc at all 1 (hat ' poor o!d Bob ' was a model for ] him to follow. No ! he murmurs in I effect : ' 0 Lord, I thank thee that I I am not as other men are, or even . as ?j this Bob Whitford.' Now, if ' Tem i perance' is really a more decent sort or a iCilOW cnan me iuiu rv uiuiuru, \- why doos ho not say so like a man, ': aud havo done with it ? Somebody might believe him — tboro s no telling. K His letter is not without its sugges tion of humor ; unintentional, of coarse, because such a scribe must surely beliove it is sinful to smilo. i Bat is it not a humorous tbiug to ;] range himself under God's banner, j and relegate to tho devil all those who h are moderate driukera ? What pre sumption ! It is just as though ' Temperance ' suggested to the Deity I ' Codlius the friend not Short.' My r opicions on the subject of ' Drink ' j are too well known to old readers of ! this paper for me to fear the charge of j [1 supporting tho drink habit, but I j ?-s ojinnnh imnrrinR nnv Rnnfi nm'snn sntfinrr | that moderate drinkers, of wino were I sinful followers of Satan. The jj Saviour of the world turned water ij into wine ac the marriage in Caua of I Galilee. Your scribe presumes to pay ?j thut He who did no wrong wfia, really I manufacturing a weapon for Satan to I slay souls with. Now, if ' remper | ance' will choose 100 representative i men of his own stamp and ideas, and I also 100 representative men who aro ?* moderate drinkers, he will find that bo y Las placed under the banner of man's I eternal onomy a splendid sample of I humnnity compared with the sorry I crew ho would invito God to claim as :| Hia especial frioudw. Your scribo i would say that God looks at tho heart, 5 and not at tho physique ; but you may 5j bo sure that Ho who always biend8 I togothor tho good and the beautiful in si Nature, docs not choose a meanlook | ing carcaso to enshrine a noble soul. ?f x x x I I am sorry, Mr. Editor, that you ?| Bhoald bo amongst those who suspect jj Ibo Hon. Joseph Chamborlain of being ,| a man whose policy if unrestrained I would plunge the Empire into disaster i| and danger. I Lave never been ablo ;| to understand how the idea originated. ?j It is truo he is a typical Imperialist ; I but we need Imperialists Tho war in ,| Sonth Africa was the result of the ?i Little Eugland policy of Gladstone ; fj and tbo British Government, of wbish :| Chamberlain i-s an iraportaut member, ' was obliged to seek a sntllement of I ilffairS from tha nihilrimanf nf cngnm !j war. Salisbury himself, occupying, as 'A Primo Minister of tho British Parlia j irout, thu highest offico in this world, ?. is a mau fitted eminoutly by his experi j enco and wisdom for his high posilion, j and wo may be sure ho knew Gham ?A lierlaiu much bettor than we over can, ij and that his judgment is far less liable Ji jo orr than ours. Many persons still :-| believe that Chamberlain was secretly b concerned in the Jamesou Raid. Tbej U uavo no more right to the opinion. I ban tboy have to charge tho Arch y bishop of Canterbury with be.'ng n y blackguard, because thore has never p been a tittle of ovidenco iu support of || 'he idea, snd to have any connection f with such a billy affair would provo (? tliamborlain a fool ; and no one a 'wpeols him of idiocy. During % thambcrlnin's Mayoralty of Binning I batu ho gavo evidouc of talents of the g 'ghost order, and I confidently expect p Wat ho will long continuo to be a man gj «J mark in the affairs of tho Empire. I flo it was who bought up tho slums of I a™ ngham, as Mayor of tho town, I Pulled down tho old tenements of I misory and wretched, ess, widoued the I Btrect8,and built wholesome sanitary I 'onscp which tliomnnioipality lots at I U!lf!onablo rates, theroby deriving § 'ucl1 »»onHo. Tho idoa was scouted' I J'10?,1' was. first proposed, bnt he 1 Jfrieal»s point, and the specu'aiion 1 nnT 1 baaiuoss point of view turned 1 oat n highly romunciativo one. Thr 1 ci!lzeQB erected a statuo in his honor. I OMEGA. 1 ' 1 i!!° PM?U!»9 o''1 contributor rotors to 1 mEW?1 '' ',l rflC0't isauu. in wl»wl« we 1 now iTfr °f tho Im')0»-iitl ^Tl- amont, 1 a I Myd'°y' tllIlt Mr- Ohamberlniii is I a qoqguuuB muu to ? huvo control of tho ' affairs of a great rniion, and that he was only hold iu dice'! by Lord Salisbury, Mr. NB:ilf.;U-, aid a coup'o of others. Surely 'Onio^ii,' v/Ini ronia tha papers, has not alrourly for-jfil ton th.it iiiil&mniii-; tory Binn!iif;lia:ii spu.oh of mily n faw moliths ago, for which Mr. Chamberlain was riddled by every paper of standing in England, including tho Times mid iSlaudar ^Government ortwi?, whichthould ije a')lo to offer a roipustuhlu npiniun on tho propriety 1 f tbo uttorancus of a rospinisiblu Minijloi1.— Eu.]' 