TWO OF A TRADE. BY VE\LEY VOoaeL. " It's all very well for you to talk, Magglo, when you can see your Itox au often as you like, and both otes of parents are murmuring, ' Eloss you, my children I' and you're going to be married in six monthe I I wonder if you'd bhe cheerful in my placo I' And Norah Whlttam's pretty eyes filled wilt tears. "My dear, I neover said 1 practised what 1 preached. Iow long is it since you've seen him 7" "A whole weok. What do you think It fools like whon :your heart breaks, Maggioe " " lorribly uncomfortable I" said Mar garet Flynn, p:romptly. " But heo'll trn op soon, mark my words I" "Oh, Maggle, you are trying ! How can he turn up when uncle's forbidden him the honose How can he write when he knows unclo examines the letters every mornlug 7" " Vell, he's waitlng for some opportu. nity. Naturally the interview with the major would depres him." 'Depress him p My secondhand edi tion of it was awful enoogh. ' A paltry lieutenant, with the vaguest chance of promotlon--a man who hasn't seen active servlce I Why, the young whlpper snuapper would run away if he heard a shot fired !' Think of it. Maggio, when Jack's as brave as a lion I" " IHe'll come somehow," said her friend, Irrelevantly. "So he said when I saw him in the hall after he'd aeen uncle. But how can he? Here comes uncle, Maggile; we shall have to go out with him." Old Major HIoyle was Norah Whittam's guardian and only relative. And when, a fortnight before, Lieutenant Keith, of the inth Lancers, at present home from India on sick leave after a fever, had dared to Inform him that he loved his niece, the major had told him In no measured terms what he thought of his "consummate impertinence." "Wait for her I" he shouted, In answer to a humble suggestion from Jack. " So you shall, air I-1'll take care of that I and for over I" "And that ends the matter, Norah I Do you hear ?" he said to his niece, as her lover went dejectedly down the garden walk. So for a week poor little Norah had gone about looking like a ghost. Then her friend Margaret Flynn had arrived on a visit, and succeeded in cheering her a little. The girls rose as the fine, soldierly. looking old man hobbled Into the room. "Good morning, ladies. Norah, my dear, have the goodness to ring for my bovrll. Miss Flynn, you look as bright and charming as though it were May instead of December." The door opened, and a eodate.looking butler entered with a tray. "There's an old soldier, Miss Norah, wants to see yoen. He's selling shawls, and he's sure you'd take one." " A soldier selling shawls? I don't want any, Trunefitt. Is he in the hall I'd better see him, perhaps," said Norah, wearily. "No, my dear, certainly not I" broke in the major-"not in that draughty hall! Tell the man to come here, Troo fitt, If Miss Norah wishes to see him." "Yes, sir." The old soldier was straight oencugh, despite his whlte head. Ho wore an ill fitting suit of blue cloth, and a shabby peaked cap, and carried a large oilskin covered pack. He seemed somewhat embarrassed on being shown into the diningroom, and still more so at the sight of the major. "I'm an old soldier, lady," he began, in quivering tones, " an' I'm trying to sell these few shawls, an' I thought maybe you'd oblige me by takln' one. I was through the Indian Mrtiny, an' I got a sabre cut at Delhi, an'-" " What regiment 7" interrupted the major. A prolonged fit of coughing delayed the visitor's answer. "75th Foot, general," he said, at length. " I've got a small pension ; but I'm trying to--" " I was at Delhi," broke In the major. " You were in the action with General Barter, of course 1l " Adjutant he was then, general. An' I've got a medal for long service an' good conduct." And the soldier patted a decoration on his breast. "Most interestlig. I am always glad to meet another old soldier. I should like more conversation with you. Come and see mo-let me see I-to-morrow after noon about :. In the meantime, here le a shilling for you. Norah, my doear, put your things on at once. I am In a hurry. and Miss Flynn is ready, I see. I will let this worthy man out." The worthy man's face fell as Norah moved to obey. Perhaps he was thinking of his shawls, for he stopped forward as if to detain her. " The lady cannot walt now, my good man. Posaibly shabe may care to look at your shawls tomorrow-oh, my dear I will let yon out." And the fidgety old major piloted the soldier to the door. "Maggie," said Norah, as the girls were sitting before the fire that afternoon, " you seemed remarkably taken with that eld humbug of a soldier I" "I, Norah 1" " Yes, you. Uncle didn't let either of us get a word In, but you hardly took your eyes off him." "Oh, Norah, Norah l" And Maggie got up and put both her hands on the other's aho ders. " Truly, love is blind I" "Maggie, what do you mean Tell me quick I" " Well, I've only met Lieutenant Keith twice before he went to India; but I hadn't much dtlliclty In recgnlising him this morning." "Maggieo," said Nomah, faintly, "are you aura ?" " Quite. So will you be if you think lt over." " But why didn't you nay I" Convic tifon was slowly stealing in upon Norab. " This le the first time I have seen you alone since he went. I suppose you hardly wanted me to speak at the time 1" "And uncle said we had to bike to the Trevors' at three o'clock tomorrow. Oh, Maggieo I" "lThat's a pity. Iowever, we'll man ago things somohow." Norah looked utterly bewildered, and for the root of the day she remained in a state of abstraction mingled with remorse. That the old soldier and Jack Koetle wore identical sho began to have no doubt. The more she muned upoen the yoong lieuon tenant's leatures, the aeoro sho recllieod that a little false Isoir and a fsew elsllful touches would transolrm them Into joust seuch a reproeseontation of a decrepit old war-hero as asto had soon that mornalg. How could she contrive to soo elm alone to-morrow ? Sire abeontly salted heo apple.tart at dinner that eveoning as she pondered over theau thinlgs, all un aware that the major was watching leer closely. "Surely," hle solad to himself, when Norabh oexcunsed herself from singing to him after dinner, "she can't be frottlong after that young jackanapea i" And then he togged his moustacho fiercely. Somo times It did not seem very long olnco his own lentonenant days, and he was not eoch o h ih'ecrtssd old tyrant after all. He was persistent next morning In his arrangeomente that the girla should bicycle over to visit friends in a neighboring town. " Tho air will do you good, my doear, and I shall tee well entertained in your ohsonco. You aeom to eorgot that I am oeapoeling the old man who ewas hero yeaterday." "Unt i wasn going to look at les shawls, unolo I" " e will toll him to call agatin, sy dear. I partlcularly wish my note to go to Colonel Trovor." The girls racked their brains for some oeans of meeting their visitor alone. " Wo might start late," said Magglo. Or, slay. aouldn't it be better to go early for the chance of meeting him on the road T'' But even hero the old major innocently forestalled them. " The son is so bright," he observed, to the girls were getting ready to start, " that ! think 1 shall go for a turn. I shall meet the old soldier ; he can only come along the one road." And he hobbled off, quite unconsclonusof the two downcast faces in the hall. ' We msoat start," said Maggie; " It's no une waiting. We may moot him before the major does." The major was almost at the bottom of the stooeep hill which eloped down from his very gate, when the old soldier came ronnd a sharp hand In the road and began nlowly to ascend it. "Ah, my man, I was expecting you ; but today is so mild that we can chat as roll here as indoors." "if If cold just go up to the honse, genral, an' show the lady these fow shawls-'" "Oh, ah, yes; I think she is just go ong out. She wishes you to call some other time." But a sadden scream made both of them turn sharply, to see a lady on a bicycle almost flying down the hill towards them. The major saw the terrified face, and thought of the almost right-angled turn in the road, and the atone wall imme dilately below them; and then he lost his head completely. "Stop, my dear--top I" he shouted wildly. "Got off I Why doesn't some. ne--" Someone did. Directly the machine came into view the old soldier advanced a little from the roadside, and stood calmly waiting Now, as the girl was whizzing past him, he seized her round the waist with a strong grip, maning to swing her clear of the bicycle altogether; bLut her skirt had somehow entwined itself in the reesaguard. And though anything worse than an ordinary spill was entirely pro. vented by his prompt action, the rescoor, the rescued, and the bicycle want down in a heap on to the grassy border of the road. The rescued one staggered to her fact first, pale and shaken, but unhurt. "Oh, Jack, are you really not hurt. 1 was so frightened I" But the old rajor was hobbling excitedly to the scene. "The placklest thing I ever saw I In one more moment it would have been too intel Name your reward, sir-name poer reward I'" And the ohameless old soldier picked himself up, making no effort to conceal a lock of black hair which was plainly risible beneath a much disarranged white wig, took Norah Whlttams hand In his own, and said coolly ; "This, Major Hoyle I" The major's face was a.perfect picture. Bat before he could speak Margaret Flynn rusohed up and took in the situation at a glance. "Is she safeI Oh, Major Hoyle, for one awful moment I thought it was all np-when I saw her brake wouldn't work I We never ride down that hill without a brake. Hadn't we better all rome back to the housea I'm sure you're both very much shaken I What a won. derful escape I 1 never saw anything so plucky I Mr Keith, If you will help Miss Whittam, the major and I will bring the machine." Perhaps because she was the only one DI them who could boast the least proton sion to a clear head at that moment she was meekly obeyed, and ton minutes iter Norah and, the: now rejuvenated Lieutenant Keith were collecting their scattered senses in two comfortable arm chairs before a cosy fire ; while the major at in his study in a very bad temper. The major had gleaned one or two details as to the decrepit veteranowhile Margaret and he were bringing home the damaged bicycle. He had all an old soldier's admiration for strategy, even though in this case he had been Its victim. And if he sent this young fellow about 5 his busainess, the story of how he had been taken in-flattered, people would say, by having a higher rank than his own accorded to him (how that "general" rankled I) would be all over the country side I Moreover, he had the highest admiration for pluck and promptness, and he remembered uncomfortably that he had stamped about and shouted while this young fellow had quietly mated. As for having forbidden him the hoose well, he was sitting in the diningroom at present, and in his (the major's) arm. chair. And here came a knock at the door, and Margaret entered. " You know," she said solemnly, ' there's no doubt about it that he saved Norah's life, and I've come to talk to you." " ly dear," said the old Major, after she had pleaded the lovers' cause well and elouiently, "you would ooax the very birds off their hushes Perhaps - perhaps I've been a foolish old man." And then they went into the dining room together. Jack Kelth rose as they entered. " I ought to apologiso, air," he began ; "but I had to fled some way of seeing her. I hadn't any idea-as yet-beyond getting sight of her again-and I--" And then he stopped, for something like a smile was playing round the grim old mouth. "I have to thank you, sir, for saving ny niece's life," said the major; "but, by Jove I you young rascal "-and hie tone changed-" do you think there Is no penalty attached to hoodwinking a aaperlor officer, and getting money out of him under false pretences 7 I've a good mind to pass sentence upon you myself I" There was a twinkle in the major's eye which was reassuring. "Penal servitude for life, my boy," he eaid grimly. " And "-pointing to Norah, who hold her lover's hand as though she Intended to share any punlshment - ` thore's your gaoler for you I" 