rlOW GHOSTS ARE MANUFACTURED. We are still mystery-loving enough to be routed t.o a. state of intciest by any tangible manifestation of the invisible, especially when it comcs lo us uuder scicntilic authority. A curiosity of this nature was awakened hy Dr. liussell's " JCxpcriments on the .Action of iileials and other Substances oil A t'hutopaphic 1'Jate," as the dry title has it: and tins curiosity ha? received an additional KlinwlouH from the further researches which he. <'Xpounui'.d to the Society in the Uakerian lecture, on Thuiwlay. The title of the lecture might almost have been " the catching of invisible vapotirsand the manufacture and photography of ghosts." For, although ttiis advanced photography is quite a piece of iialrixlay science, yit ihero clings about those, experiments with invisible vapours ^iven "li from uewspapciw, uiiMals, pill- IiuXi's, w<n..<i, and a thousand diverse substances. an air of mediu'Vil romance wafted from ;he days of Aihcrtus Magnus. It is probably within the recollection of most of us that Dr. itntj--i.il discovered that an enormous variety of ^uhstuiices were capable of giving a peiioanent, record of their surfaceB on a iihot.igiaphic plate when they we.re placed iu contact with it and left for some time in the dark. Dot there was nu dolinite explanation of the causs of this. Why should a piece of wood a hundred veal's old or a newspajHT cutting, or a polished sheet of zinc, photogiaph itself in this way? The reply is at last forthcoming —each of these substances pves off it* own particular vapour, presumably in the form of a gas, and ibis vapour can act upon the silver salts in lhe sensitive plate in prcuiBely the. same manner »K light itself. The exa^t met hods by which this has been proved aic Lob technical tu be described at length, but tlie.y essentially consistin subjecting the oils nnd metals experimented with to such a treatment that they arc comt pct'ied. to dcclarA their emanations-to be, eii her optical ravs or. vapours for there is no' third'possibility. They have been Carried through i.ubest by a current of air, made to turn corners, to wriggle in and out between plates uf mica,- and at the end of all these peregrinations J,hcy still retained their former photographiccapabilities. And by oo possible chance could any self-respecting ray of the X or any other kind ilo that. The manufacture of ghosts lends additional proof to the vapour tliroiy. A sheet of pulishe'1 zinc is cut into koine shape—say that of a ghost (traditional form)—and is placed in contact witli'a piece of white cardboard for some time; t he line is then removed and the cardboard tied up with a photographic plate, When ihe olate comes to be developed their appears a black ghost on a while background. Whilst the s'.inc and caidbnaul wore together the zinc vapour has been sntvring the. pores of the card, so that though to alt appearance as blank as before there is in reality a ghost depicted in it in zinc vapour, and this ghost can be made visible only by the photographic means described above. The unaniity of this vapour given off is inlinilc-uimally small, BO small that no balance, however, delicate, would be able to. dclcc! any loss of weight in the piece of xinc, so small that there has even remained sullicient oil in the printing of a book, dated lfi41, to enable Dr. Hussell lo obtain a photugraph of it. It is to early to arrive at any tinal conclusion about those tilings, but we sliali almost certainly have to revolutionise our idims about vapours in general. "We aro not all used to think of nickel, zinc, and aluminium as each giving off the vapour of it* particular metal nt ordinary temperatures; still less can we at present realise tho calm manner in which these emissions stalk through sheets of gelatine and celluloid jib though there were nothing there. But the facts remain and constitute oue of the most curious and interesting developments of science that has occurred for a Jong time. 