T8-SE CRITIC. ? ? ? Who can undauutctt brai-fc tbe Critic's Mgo 7 Or note unmoved hii mention In tho Oritio'i pige ? rnradcliiscirorE la the public eya ? And MotlierGruud/a rngj drfj ? The Transvaal war. Boers v. Bourse. The now Boer commander is slip pery as well as Wot. ? ? ? Modern Christianity is tho Gospel according to Pecksniff. ? ? « \- After all n. universal provider ib only a Hordcrnary man I What is saucs for thogooso is sance for the universil provider. A lawyer ought to bo a good hand a£'poetry ; he is alwa3's writing ' versus.' Bet yon !:alf-a-crown you don't l.now tho name of your I'eJcral electorate ! It seems a most extraordinary thing that there should bo so many b'erths on mail steamers. Ton can always tell a literary man by the look of his office. It's always in a littery condition. Motto for suburban pounj-keepers : Take care of tho fence, and tho poun.l will take care of itself. A well-known colored minstrel gets mad when street urchins cry, 'Hulloh, Tho annoying thing about the average parson is his aggravating chucklo and cxasperatiug leer. ? ? . ? Tho art of patriotism is to bo on the side of the most powerful and cheer lustily for the top dog. Sydney 'D.T.' laments the de s' ruction of lyre birds. 'A fellow- feeling makes us wondrous kind.' What is Selling sauce for cash by means of fictitious labels but obtaining money by false pretences ? The chairman of an up-conntry dairy company is A. Gallon— a niilkaud water individual, probably. .The British columns operating in Ashanti will not do nearly as much harm as British booze operating iu a shanty. Liar Hung Chang has askrd tho Empress Dowager to arrest tho Uoxers. Let him make a raid on the Golden Gate Club. This is not a polito pnp-.-r; but you can't do scavenging with kid gloves on ; and, ray oath, this colony wants scavenging all right. ? ? ♦ In tlto words of Lanri Hassan, a rich Australian in London could say that he lost less by the society beggar than by tho beggars of Society. ? ' * ? ''Just step outBide of yourself for a minute and ask yourself what earthly right the European Powers have to try and grab big lumps of Chi.-.'a. Tho cleverest thing ever written *in a country newspaper i:i Australia was this : 'It is useless to cast pearls before the people of this district I' Sir John Forr. st says ho ' is sick of figbtirgtho unprogiesBivo members for the goldfields.' Sick, is he? Well, ho always was a spewriou3 politician. ? ? ♦ No member of the present House, ^Vlio has the slightest bit of nou:e, \Vill e'er attempt ; you take my tip ; To minimise the membership. Just fancy Willie Affleck in both the local and Federal Parliaments I We can stand Willie in one. but could we possibly lfBt if he were in both of them ? Oh, Governor Beauchamp, go away, There's no ono here that wants you stay ; But go or stay, as suits your ease, But do not lecture, if you please. ? * * Tbo Worcestershire Sauce people may quote Shakespeare, thus : — lln who stuil» my pur-o Htoola tt» h. B.'.t ho who steals 1117 ;;oud name, etc. A missionary from Cliira says the Russians havo been guilty of awful atro cities ; but it wasn't tho Hussions who forced the Chinese to import oirium i.-i ISiil. Mr. John Hayncs, M.L.A, se. ms convinced that a cardinal prino;p'e of De mocracy is the oncouragem nt of quack practitioners. What about quack legisla tors ? Tlin depnitin,' Kcrnil D.-li had a Cr:at belief in I'll own oratory, and bscame I indignant when Rev. Carruthers, «,t Parra. matt.i, hinted that his speech was boring and tedious. B iiken : What's the difforenco b;- twetsii loyal and royal ? Suifken : Can't see no difference. liiiken : There's an rtL' oi a difference, if you notice iL An African native declares he ran nama tho Boers who murdered English woundo 1. Tho present writer could namo many Lores iu Sydney who murder tho Queen's English. There are now over 100 polica in search of tho Breelong blacks, Imt what's the use of sending them after expert bush nlcn when thev can't sec a fan-tan shop in Goulburn-stfeet? * * ? If a man is clover and lias a wenk ncss, say lor pints of beer, all his acquaint ances rejoice at it. Why? It is tho re- j joicing ot ignorance at the degradation of superior intelligence. Everything comes to the man tvIio waits in tho Parliamentary refreshment room, except tho price of tl:e grilled cliops j ho supplies to the monitor who is curbed ' with chronic impecuniositv. Is the present Ministry another instanco of the tail that wag3 the dog ? Judging by the crusado against Sunday trading and othfcr things, Jlr. Fegan sccni iogly dictates the policy of the Cabinet. Why shouldn't women have the franchise— 'The woman's curse iVman's; they rise or (ink Together, dwarf'd or godlike, bond or Tree ?' A daily paper announces that the re-grading of Public soi- vanta in terms of the Public Service Act is about to take place. So far the Public Service has been merely degraded, according U- Mr. Dan. O'Connor, M.P. . ?_ , ?', . V The Premier says he is prepared to appoint a 'Royal Commission to inquire into the question of hospital supplies. Isa'tit nearly time the responsible Ministers in this commission-ridden conntrv did some thing for their salaries? Alfred Dealdn, after returning' £500 out of £1500 allowed for tho Federal razzle dazzle in London, says that iiis expenses actually amounted to- £1500. Is this to relievo Barton's feeling, or is Deakin making a. bid for the Federal halo ? An obituary notice in a Maoriland paper announcos tho fact that the deceased lady was a rolie of tho late Mr. ? , who died BOino years previous. Even supposing she wae, it was very indecent of the paper to publish the circumstance. A Miss Frances Spence has been , appointed Town Clerk at Alexandra (N.Z.). She has most likely been given the position on account of her 'rating' propensities, j If so, Bho will have some difficulty in ob- , taining a man for better or worse. ?' The most ancient and most coble Order of tho Thistle,' has just been eon- 1 forrod upon tho Earl of Hopetoun. Lord '. Palmerston said that the order would have been conferred on a certain nobleman, only that such a donkey would ba sure to e»t it. 1 The eceentric Adelaide Q.C., Paris - Kcsbit, intonds to run u weekly paper as 1 Christ would do. Ha says Sheldon's ideas ' on the matter were all wrong. It's coming ' I to aomothing when one of the devil's brigade essays to teach humanity whit Christ would do., Getting Sick of It. — Landlady (for ? the 400th time) : Yes, sir, I wasn't always i like this. Lodger : I'm g!ad to hear it. I I suppose, then, at one time you used to wash '. your face and do up your hair and look a ' bit decent and not take so much gin as you I do now. ? ? ? A butter factory has been esfab- ; lished in the Orange district. Jlr. Barton | has been urged to stand for the Fedoral electorate of which Orange is the chief part. There doesn't appear to bo much connection between these two facts, but there is. This week a country Mayor refused to lake the chair at a meeting addressed - by W. A. Aolman, II. P., because tho. ' latter was a Boer sympathiser. This is a - frco country ; yo.i can express any opinion I you like so long as you dsn't offend tho ' majority. ^ j Mr. M'L'an, memb'er for Mniricl. villo Women's Ciiristian Temperance Union, wjnls tho Government to allow school ' Usnchera so inclined to hold forth in the ' L.:tt:o Bethels on Sunday. Then we'd 1 boast of our grand unsectarian system of i education. ^ r It. is rnmoi'cd thai LorJ Kenuclmmp : has bought an interest in .^modern's Lui Vcrsal Sniders buiinea. TI10 rumor i. probably untruo, but it ought not to ba 1 forgot' en that our present .Governor was tbo Mayor of Worcester Sauco before he came out. « « * The South African Vicar of Brny, W. P. Schreiner, is now spoken of as tho leader of a noble little bind of patriots. Why? Because he led t!io faction who desired to see their compatriots brought under the provisions of an unnecessary Treason Act ? * ? ? 'Why is it,' demanded the female advocate of woman's rights, 'that the Government erects a building in every town in the colony for the delivery of ths mails, and makes no provision at all for the de— ' And just there the female orator was druwned in applause. Seclilon, the silly loy.ilist of Maovi laud, sacked a man from a seat on tho Auckland Harbor Board because he refused to allow tho Governor's carriage to go on the Queen's wliarf. Such mean grovelling to Imperialism is becoming pamlully com moil in New Zealand. A 'D.T.'' scribbler remarks, more in sorrowful surmise than in anger, that the leading pro-Bjcr in Soutli Africa is a in-iu of greal intelligence and ? ulture. But there is nothing surprising in this. A.I tiio world over men of intelligence and culture aro pro-Boers. Russia has ordered G,000,0001bs~of beef 'on the hoof' from America, to feed her troops in China, which means that there will bo no ' tinned -dog ' for the Muscovite swaddy. 'On tho hoof' means 'alive,' but anyway tho Uiitic profers his bit of bullock on the iulf shell. Much scandal is caused because a Victormu Cabinet Minister patronises a ?sly-grog don. 'Tho Critic' knows of several N.S.W. Ministers who have con sumed their lotien in unlicensed grog shops. ]-ut tho booze was only a side show. Wino Tho following taunt from nn Aui.-.r can y-iier, &.s Australia to a nicpty : 'Nothing eo unmistakably reveals tho character of thu plutocratic daily, press as its immediate, panot- liko use of tho name 'Orange River Colony' to designate the Or.-iugo Kiver Free State.' Though a severe judge, the late Sir William Windeyer was always inclined to give the discharged prisoner .1 chance, so long as ho kept out of the dock. He employed ono in his own house for years. But, living under the same roof as Windever would have awed any criminal. Justice a'B.ckctt of Melbourne has not a high opinion of tho other sex*. He recently spoke thus: ' i think this easeshows the exlcut to which women dare swear falsely against positive evidence. They are utterly destitute of shame, remorse, or any feeling of regret for wrong they havo ' For 011 far foreign fields from Dunkirk to Belgrade lay tho soldiers and chiefs of tho Irish brigade,' sang Post Davis. Perhaps 'twas as well, or they might have lived to be commanded by LoyalBritishIrishAustralianSpanish.Ccn sul-Attorney-Gencral Freehill, boss of the Irish rifles. A man named Taylor has taken over 1 little Onchunga (N.Z. ) newspaper, to run it on the Sheldonian ' What would Jesus id' lines. He donounces gambling on one page and publishes a puzzlo competition ivith a 5s. prizo for tho guesser, on another. Taylor seems to have peculiar ideas of ' what Jesus would do.' \- ? When Abbott kicked up a row ibout Docker in 1SSS, tho late Tom O'Mara, ivho might have been called the leading [rish-Catholie M.L.A. of that day, declared Lhat Dingo, who had blackguarded the Irish wivb others, was no bigot. By the nay, was Trdth correct in alluding to 3rick as in Parliament then ? Cato must h.ivo been a sort of Oom Paul. At least, Addison seems to havo re garded him as such, when he wrote :— ? And nanat 'h*u Jhick Cato wi:l fly bolore the «word of Crniai ? ?Reduce-), like Hannibal, to oeik relief From court to court and wander up uoddown, A Tt-rabonl in Afric! Tho jury which pave Constable Harper a verdict of £50 against the ' livening News,' was an cminentVy practi :al and common senso jury, and was com losed entirely of wise men with a profound -nowlcdge of logic and keen ap rociavion of -rdinary common sense. There's nothing ibcllous about that, is there? i» ? ? Cr.plaiii Hiilinr.I, of th:- second cou .ingent, who did goo.-l work in Africa and ,vas 'mentioned in desj-atches,' i.ofoi-o jeing inva'.ic-o 1 home, savs he is willing to ;o back 10 Africa, but thinks ?' we should ?ow look after our own front doors.' fthich allows the taptaiu to bo as sensible is he has proved liiii'soK brave. It -.-.as in New Zi-nhiiU. Said the ady elector to the c .ndidatc ; ' Are you in favoi^of reducing the hours of labor?' 'Well, madam,' replied the candidate, ' I would only be too happy to do anything to oblige the ladies, but I really think that is matter for tho medical profession.' Then tho band played ' Aunio Laurie.' Mr. Levy, an is- Australian in London, claims to havo originated the Bushmen's Contingent idea, and Mr. Cohen, of Sydney, cabled along the Mofeking con gratulatory message from Sydney Chamber of Commerce. Which is as it should be, for England and Australia aro fighting mostly for Levy and Cohen.—' Reynolds'.' Alderman M'Elhono and otV.ers should note that the Town HoU refresh ment room was roservod for globo-tiottera and others who did not contribute a Ek.lling towards the municipal treasury, whereas the absent- minded boggar who did pay, pay, pay (the average citizen), would have been given in charge if ho approached the guzzling and boozing precincts. What is tho meaning of tho phrase 'Queen and Co-Jntry V Why should it not rather l;o 'Country and Quocn ?'' The Qncen is a half-foreigner of j^utch or i.ocr extraction and an ii'diWJual woman, whereas the nation is, after all, the great thing. Tho expression ' Queen and Coun try ' indicates such a slavish spirit as to make one feel ashamed of one's fellow citizens. ' It is rather a strange fact,' says Trooper White, of the Imperial Bushmen, to his mother, 'that ever since leaving Australia wo have beeu travelling towards the evening star Venus.' It is alleged (falsL-ly, let us hope) that, following the example of their British comrades in harm, some noblo boys of the bulldog l-rced havo llenuie style. ° Sum-; of Sydney's commercial mag nates should road the following, spoken by ou American Radical :— 'If 1 obtain 10 dollars frum yciu by false rcp;e cntation, you send me to prison. But if I sell you Bomo oofleo or saga' or baking powder cr other food and cheapen it to the ext-ntof 10 dollars, by adulterations, even if they bo poisonous, you call that business ! But are not both ot tho same character ':' ? « ? TIictj is a ' D.T.'' scrib-- who saJIy needs u few lessons from some attorney's cl-rk or other on international law. As a sample of the stuff he gets od his chest, it may be remarked that he describes the Boer war as an 'utterly unprovoked and indefensible rebellion.' Further ho refers to tho Boers as. rebels. Which is .as ridiculous a statement as even tbe ridiculous 'D.T.' ever gave expression to. Lady Honeloun knew how to keep our rich lower orders— as Higginbothani culled them— in their places. When tho widow of a leading Melbourne doctor took with her to one -f the rccoptions a little Queensland black fellow, whom she had adopted ;iS her own, and said, ' Th a is my little bluck boy,' tbo countess tucked in her skirts, looked disgusted, and exclaimed, 'By a former husband, I presume.' Have Sydney boarding-housekeepers the following remedy against the fellow who gives 'brusher?' Charles Marchant, .1 young man described as an artist was a few weeks ago charged on remand, atSouth 'iVost London, with bBing concerned with another man not in custody in obtaining board and residence by fraud, and got three months. lie represented himself as em ployed at a place where'he was not known. Tho peace of Europe is on the wobble again. Russia has ordered 3,000,000 tons of steam coal, and England counters with an order for 100,00t) tons. Dr. Lcyds has been received by the Czar, and Li Hung Cliang lias boon declared the particular jm] of Russia. Incidentally a Freneh writer -iSBcrts that tho French navy iB far superior, in steaming power and armament, to the British. There would seem to be a hot timo ahead. The Premier 'says it is absurd to say that shooting at the Randwick Rifle Range is dangerous to the residents. lfnrglitasriBhtciinbo. '' Providii:*- yoa nro olad in steel Fiom head to heal, ycu sec ! Tlie worst of it is, if a man lives near the Rindwick Range he might go out without his sardine. opener, and then he wouldn't be able to get his armor off. * * * Lnst Saturday, in a football match at Newcastle, ono player broke his leg and another dropped dead. Then strike, boys, strike, with your strong rifht urin. And you'll hit him and you'll kxk him wh3ii keflls. It's a fiao old gamo, and it ain't i-o Tor; tamo. If jon'ro ready When tho Uinyiro Bawls! It is hoped that Mr. Hugh Macdonald, M.P., will not be aggravated by tho above travesty on his pretty song ; but if he is, why it can't be helped. The lickspittle loynlty of Jsfujv South Wales legislators contrasts strangely with the sturdy independence shown by member of the Hcruse of Commons, where oue would naturally expect Conservatism. When the Ministry proposed to recently adjourn for the Queen's garden party at Buckingham Palace, t!io Irish Nationalists and English Radicals objected. Sir. Maddison, a Labor member, protested that one clause of the Agricultural Holdings Bill, which it was proposed to defer, was worth all tho royal ties breathing. T!;e Devil's Bi-igado 19 much tbe same nil tho world over. ' Defaulting solicitors' formed the chief topic at the meeting of the English Law Incorporated Society, held in July last. Recent dis cIosui-cb have shakon publio confidence a good deal iu the English solicitor, end the repeated appearance in the newspapers of charges of breach of trust and misappro priation of funds has at last compelled the governing body to take action.' Unfor tunately, the governing body in Now South Wales is too lazy or too cowardly to take action. At Coromandol, near Auckland (X.Z.), a man named Alfred John Klraore was tyrannously lined £2 by two intelli gent Js.P., named respectively Rhodes and James, for dragging a frail and delicate little orphan, seven years of, age, out of bed, dousing him into a tub of cold water, making 18 welts, nine of which drew blood, with a supplejack, on his tiny, tender budy, and then rubbing the wounds briskly with a coarse towel. Think of it, aud bow your heads in shame, yo mothers and fathers inhabiting the Democratic and loyal land of tho Moa. ? ? ? The Premirr said in Parliament on Tuesday that ho had givon definite instruc tions to InspoctorCIcuoral Gooseberry— is it ijooscbcrry or Fosbery ?— to euforco tho early-closing law. Now, I rise to aak Swilliam Lyne what the devil laws are passed for if not to be enforced ? The mere fact of the Premier stating that he has given instructions for a law to be enforced is plain evidence 1 hut it is a general rulo for laws to remain in abeyance. If Inspector-ljcni-ral Goosc!.-.;ny doesn't liko these rtmiari-s, tho writer is sorry. But there was no idea of pleasing Inspector-General Gooseberry, any Tho Calcutta Condiment man, whose brown phiz 'adorned' last Sunday's Trltij, ones luruisued a splendid political jo!:e. At tuo Parliamentary election of 1S95, ho camo forward as a candidate for Cook Division, and was 'run' hy tho larrikins and jockeyboys of Surry Hills. A cabman, locally known as ' Gratlan Riggs,' was chairman of the committee, and opened the meeting tiius : ' Blokes, wo don't mind the Hour and a rotten egg now aud again, bot we draws the liue at tatcrs — they're too bloomin' 'ard.' The night he announced his retirement tho candidate flew for homo with the talent in full cry after him. ? * * Duriu;,' tho late General Lockhart's campaign against the Afridis in 1S96, it was freely stated that sonio Birmingham manufacturers vrcta not above earning an honest penny by providing the hillmen with weapons to bi used against tho Indian army. The Boers were supplied by Cham berlain's relatives. A question was lecently asked iu the Houso of Commons as to whether the exportation of arms to tho Chinese by private firms had been stopped, and if so, since what date. In reply, Under secretary Brodrick said that no genoral prohibition had been issued, but stops wore being taken to watch the exportation of ammunition to China. Adjudicating on a divorce case in Melbourne the other day, the Victorian Chief Justice laid it down as a princip 0 of law that ' any woman who married a rake or rascal, or good-for-nothing fellow, if ho turned out to bo not what she painted him, could not expect to get a dissolution of the nwrriagc.' ~\Vboa a couple got married for better or worre, And instead of a blessing the union'* a curse ; The woman, who hopaj for relief through divorce, Has flimply to endure and let Hfo run its course ; To grin and to bear are her lot, a-iya Judge Madden, Though her husband's a rale and a profli-ale bad 'un. For snobbery a largo draper in a Sydney suburb may claim tbe championship. He brags, when in liquor, that he is an illegitimate son of the Prince of Wales, and prides himself on a certain resemblance. In corrobcr.iiion, ho points out how Governor Carrington was a guest at his son's wed ding, because 'Charley and the old man (Wules) were pals.' Without being a Macaulaj-, ' Tlio Critic ' can burst up that yarn by dales. Carrington is gone 10 years, eo the married son must be welt on to 40. That would make grandpa Tummy about SO. Walos will curse when ho sees this. K.B. — Tkutii is one of the few Australian papers that catch the Royal eye. ? *? # In an alleged sednction case last week, the Chief Justice said that Bridge, tho alleged sedooer, was tho only person who could proceed for damages on behalf of tho girl Rogers, his alleged victim. That being so, tho case can easily be settled. Bridge can prooeed aitainit himself, and engago counsel pro and con ; then he) M can consent to a verdict against) J himself, and hand tho proceeds over -1 to the girl. And as he would have to 'll pay all the costs himself, the girl could be J suro that no big holo would be made in the '3 verdict thereby. ? All of which suggests as ^ big a legal ab.uidity as that which con- % frofited Gilbert's Vice-chancellor ('Io- ?$ lantue') when ho askied, ' Can I marry my -1 own ward without my own consent, etc. S' 1 ?| Big John Forrest, of Westralia, is I alarmed at the opposition shown to his J Government by the crowd on the goldfields. | Pass the banjo and let us warble : ? '5 Tbo miner came down like a wolf on the fold, J Andofbioldr'il6' *'' ?;~6i'---il-B w--h -'-Bert* -.'r;l Ani iho thcen of bis picks wire like etar« on the . '% When tho i:m waTe, roll nightly on Smm J Jttivtr , see r -3 Liko the leave, of the Forrest, when mioeri sra H green, a Big John with hia Dinners at annset was seen ? ~'M Like the leave, of the Forrest when nutumn ha. ' I blown, ^ Bi^John on (be morrow lBy withered snd at, own. I Lord Byron's . ghost is requested not to I haunt tlio perpetrator of the foregoing 1 literary ruutder. S * * * ' At what time of day do they die I here? At what time do they love? At ^ what time do thoy think ? At what time, -I indeed, aro they men, nothing but m»n, aa ?% old Fcust saia, and not machines for work 1 or locomotion? . . . What strikes ma I most in these innumerable countenances is 1 the absenceof interest. The contrastisextra- '\ ordinary between the good.fcllouship of ths 1 omnibus thatis compUt with us, whore all tho 1 neighbors tako notice of one another, whero | the merest nothing starts a conversation. % Here each eye seems fixed upon the inner 3 thuught— upon some business, whatever it J may be, which will not Wait, and which is 4 the reason why, when they leave the car, men ,| and women run, as they ran to catch it, a 1 they run up and down tho stairs of tho elo- -1 vated railway.— TV. B.-rgct's 'Impressions If of America.' ^ South Africa lias been ike grave of - .M many military reputations, and the much- ~.^| lauded. Kitchener comes off no better than -3 the others. Mr. Charles Williams, the :H veteran corre-ponilent, says that tho Com- ''S mander-in-Chief and his chief of Btaff have Ji not worked with anything lika harmony in ]| South Africa, and Mr. Williams says that M were it not for Lord Salisbury's interven- M tion, Lord Kitchener Would also be home- 1 ward bound. The interesting bit of news ~M explains the omission of the ' hero of M Omdurman's ' name from Lord Roberts' j depatchea, and prepares the general public '3 to learn that the highly-paid Egyptian J warrior is nothing more nor less than a con- /I spieuous failure, whoEe principal claim to 1 notoriety is the slaughter of wounded Der- -jj vislies. It seems that bolore Roberts came' || up, Kitchener, at Paardeberg, had need-- '? ill lessly sacrificed 1800 men by a frontal; -£|1 attack, such as proved disastrous to Luller,'' 3l Methuen, and Wata re. ' || Let us i-x- from lionu for news. In :-jj view of Dr. Rosb' Parliamentary curiosity 3 on tho subject, tho follou-ing from 'Frisco .3 'Argonaut1 is interestiu-; : ?? Dr. Crevally, ll of Sydney, N. S. \V., has made an experiment '9 with aiui-akoholio sei-ura which throws 'M doubt on the oiucacy of tbo set uni discovered jM by the Paris .'odors, i-apellier, Thebauet, |j and Broea. He subjected a caif to a long t -W term oi enforced drunkenness, obtained a ' :M scrum from it, and injected it into several 3 confirmed drunkards. After two or three) -3 injections they save up drinking, and the 'Jf doctor thought 'hat. his Ji^oovery was us--.l~ji tiblishcJ. He found, iiou-cver, that after a:^M week his subjects took to drink as hard as'.illaj ever, aud came to the conclusion that thelr--jpM temporary cure was due to iho imagination. ?3| His opinion was confirmed when they re- 'fjj turned to him, and after be had injected -ll clear water into them instead of the intoxi- 9 catcd calf serum, they -Iccl-irej their re- \M pugnanco for alcohol and kej:t sober fora -IB few days. He concluded, therefore, that ill his serum, made in tho same way as the J| Parisian, was of no use, nnd that the- effect -m was duo to auto-suggestion. Nothing has \m been heard of the i'aris discovery since it ii was announced.' JH WlIllTD SEl'UU.'UlIi:-. ill The preacher prayed in woeful tone si For tho thiet in the felon's cell, /M And told of his punishment hero on earth il And his endless days iu hell ; -M But the thief that sat in 1 he best front pew J9 That ho might bs Been aud he^rd— :(|| Of the Shylock thief of the hopeless poor, ^'M The priest never uttered a word ! !JjH And ho told of the harlot stcepod in sin, '|J And the rum-sel'oi-'s awful cioom ; ;;|j Aud he said if they didn't cease to increase ?. '4g Hell would run short of room ; eSii But the pirates that have stolen the earth, ':: Jfl And their brothers' blood have shed — .ff'3| Oh, the parson smiled as he winked at them, - -m| And never a word he said ! 'U Lord help the preacher and help the Chnrch. ?'?'qSk When the. Morning Sun shall rise, fl And cast the veil that lias hidden the sham 'vjli Away from the people's oyos I '-?«? And the big thief, then, in tho best front ^9 pew, yt. '????38 Aud tho man -with the bloDd-slainod hand, *a Shall stand alono in daylight clear, t31 In tho sight of all the land. _M — Exchange. -'~3& 