Pith and Point. Habit, jj.pnt related aoon becomes neces sity,— St. Augustine. . ,t Censure Is tbe -tax a- man fears to tbe public Tor being eminent.— Swift. A fan with a HtUe ear-trumpet attached is.it.be latest device, to aid the deaf. There is many a sprinkling cart that is a needless leak to a city's treasury. A rich gold lode In Colorado, which was lost about twenty years ago, was recently found. Example is more forcible than precept. People look- at my six days, to see what 1 mean on the seventh. - J A woman in' Vlncennes, Ind,, shot her husband the other day because be would not allow her to go to Sunday school. Snakes In South America fear the secre tary bird, and will even crawl away from its shadow. This bird can easily thrash a bird twice its size. While In England potatoes are grown almost entirely as an esculent, about 4.000,000 tons arc annually used in Franco in the manufacture -of starch and alcohol. Fashionable women are designing their own jewellery just now, and tlicy have some very pretty ideas. Chcap-workinz Jewel lers, "bandy" men, are much in request. Until 1S71 there were no .shad in Pacific waters. In that year a few ibpuand wore introduced by the United States Fish Com mission. Last year the catcb sold for nearly £8000. It Is asserted that M. Rhlgi, of Turin, has succeeded In producing and photograph ing 44 the globular lightning whose exist ence has been so -long doubted by scient ists." It has been said tbat nowhere in the world are gathered together so. mapy stately, beautiful, and well-dressed ' women as Cove&t; Garden during the grand opera sea son. A man's own conscience is his sole tri bunal ; and he should care no more for that phantom " opinion" than be should fear meeting a ghost if he crossed tbe church- yaird at dark. The report of the, Chicago Public Library shows that 3,173,686 yolumes r'were circu lated during the year ending 1st yune, which breaks the world's record -for free circulat ing libraries, Queen Victoria rules over more Moham medans than the Sultan of Tdrkey, over more Jews than there are In Palestine, and over more negroes than any other Sovereign who is not a native of Africa. The robes worn by the Speaker of the House of Commons arp identical with tbe judicial costumes of the1 Master, o.f tbe Rolls, an office which 1&, former years was fre quently united with the Speakership. If the aecret history of books could be written, and the author si' privete thoughts and meanings -noted down alongside of his story, howmany, inplpid. volumes would be come interesting, and dull 'iiues excite tbe reader. ; - It l> rumoured that Max Kordau is the author of a book- which is soon io be pub lished, entitled 1 ".How Women -,-Love." In this volume the author. - will attempt to present by romance his idea of woman's love. Lady' Gdorgianna Grey," aunt of Earl Grey, is nearly JL00 years .of age, but, though she is not very brisk upon her legs, man ages to keep Informed on politics and tbe talk ef the day by having guests to dinner almost every night , ' . 7 A preacher at Swedeburg. in Nebraska, has -got himself into trouble by -an alleged hypnotising of js-j -young woman and a re fusal to waken her. The girl. says she suffera -greet -agony-4n consequence when ever there is a thunderstorm. Dr. H. H. Hale, oPDeirolt, carries a walk ing-stick the Intrinsic value of which is £600. IFwas presented to him some years ago hy friends. In -.Edinburgh. It is orna- mented with gold nha jewelB, and the heed contains. a.fine chronometttv. . ; ; The tea .always , ;usedby :rfije: Queen Is bought from a quaint old-fashioned shop In Pall Mall. Earl 'Grey recommended tbe blend to her Majesty, and: it Is known as i 44 Earl Grey's . mixture.4' Wherever she goes a stock of the tpa — like her bed stead — accompanies her Majesty. The -Queen made -her" -wilt ust about twenty yeare ago, .It 4, engrossed In vel- lam. quarto jire. andisjwun as a volume, secured by "a private lock." When the Prin cess Alice dfed'lh 1878 'tajriiifi&noiis; of the 'hueate''we>4f rendered1 necessary,, and in the 'summer' :of kfjter the Duke of Albany's <&eath; fufthiTevksionB were made. Miss Ellen Terry, (says the !7_Magnet Maga zine") is a _ great sufferer from neuralgia, axkh-heri|usnels apparent to every <Aeon"tne etage. ,i monVher friends, too, It Is we&l; And jhen she is dining out It Isms vayoroina occurrence ior her to leave heebie. men dinner is about half over, tires to n. dark- ened room, andesteup 4 £duch for ten , or.; fifteen lmitesr>at7ieend of which time -she returns the dfflber table. - pu fing England' flrstewEpaper waB born, 4MAy.u1622, seeing the Aret issoe' bf ' tHe Wedkfy J-Jewes." Notwiihstanhingthst it was Ally received. 7Its effitdflNjyhtoiel by the busings for-ntftm lyfiarav, he venture :jwasthe &£ NacmSpm among the country .gentlemen j»yi,sgmie writer In London Jtgf ' t, \ hews letters," aniFMiv But ter's brave 'attlmlpt was merely the %>rinUng regularly for2tiiege»eral pablic ibai-wMch ibeTptee! Jakdbemt a desultory fmannCT torem4tebraivwual. > A girl (£n iMbirhemliLiinan u really In love Vith per Yong'before his lordship can sum up courage io admit of a verba) conies- alon.. will . wanderdowards her at table ; ?he will profess a profound liking for -the utehB& We Effects ; he will admire4 tbe fact that her brothers 7c£ll intmweak and splashy ; -the colours Hiat-sbe- wears' are ptffegUqnrtjet .hejmf -ihe utmost difficulty In telffng jplmcTromTLellotropQ. All these and a hundred more lltfle things betray him. "L ; "ShefAVbeeJftIg'Ehaacp'./'jftz the -first . - .work ,df>flcMoPilphbeiicy<de supplies - the fce&U-alynotlyB.; . «$h£'<tdflper and the herpmemeeLtnd makextcqpainUnre on wheels. JRieelopementoWiffc the -villain takge. place goo #heqj And After the villain ' ;has.Jb..u|iiiiasked?diiiBreslstia rescue on wheels by edover.ialnstaiifl or.- flight 71. op xgailoplng? Gorges, the palr(Speed down an J&igUj;&iroadttai; midnight on two bl- j'-"7 cycles. -Efllh'elblcsplh'tfppeazBQnlmost all r .oLthertilustrftiionft, >ahd Ihetcharacters art 1 eeen lu cycling costumed.4 ; ; 