RENAMING NEW ZEALAND. ("Canterbury Press.") Many correspondents have, within the past few weeks, accepted our invitation to express their views as to the desirableness of the suggested change of name by which it was proposed that this colony should inaugurate the new century. On the whole the balance of opinion seems decidedly against any such change. In the first place it seems generally considered that "New Zea and," if not an ideally good name for the colony, is yet not sufficiently unsuitable to make it worth while to change it. It is true that each of the other Australasian colonies has changed its name, that "Van Diemen's Land has become Tasmania, and "New Holland" "Australia." It is true, also, that a glance at the map will show that the name New Zealand has very little geographical appropriate- ness. The Zealand, which gives it its name, is the southernmost province of Holland, a stretch of low clay-land, about the mouth of the Scheldt, largely split up into islands, such as Wulchoron, Schouvvon, Duivelnnd, Tholen, . etc., without the ghost of a mountain any where a country no more like New Zealand than the average New Zea lander resembles the Dutchman, or his South African descendant in the Transvaal. The Danish "Zealand" shows more graphical resemblance to this colony, it being not unlike the North Island in its general configuration. However, it was not from the Danish, but from the Dutch province, that Tasman named us. But, it is argued, in a matter of this kind geographical appropriateness counts for little. Nor, we are told, should we be ashamed of our Dutch name. A correspondent instances, by way of showing the lengths to which such sentiment can be carried, an American patriot who, on the declaration of the war with Spain, immediately decapitated his entire stock of Spanish fowls. It is further argued, that even if New Zealand is geographically unsuitable and sentimentally objectionable, yet there are solid business reasons why the same should not be abandoned just when it has become well known to all the world as a patriotic, progressive, and industrious community. Nevertheless, it is our opinion that had it been possible to hit upon some name which was so attractive alike to poet, to patriot, and to merchant, that there should have been a general desire to adopt it, that change, once made, would soon have ceased to cause any; confusion in the outside world, and that as a rose by any name would smell as sweet," so New Zealand produce would be not less acceptable if known by a less cumbersome and more appropriate de- signation. But the difficulty is just this, to discover such an appellation. Good as some of the names were suggested by our correspondents, we do not think that any one of them would command general acceptance. Putting aside the numerous suggestions in which Mr. Sod-" ton's name was proposed as a basis for re-christening these islands, we have before us, among others, "Britons," New Britain," "Brittania," "Fern land," "Maoriland," "Moalnnd," "Now I Idea Land," New Erin," "Wikitoria," I "Turland," "Britland," *'Pacificn,'\aiul "Sonland.". We do not think that any I one is sufficiently good to entitle it to supplant "New Zealand." With this the colony is evidently on the whole, very well content, and it now only remains to make it honoured and distinguished to the best of our ability, so that our descendants may forget its uncouthness in the associations which cluster round its history 