The variations in the wool market and tho causes responsible thorcforo aro at all times an interesting subject of considera tion for it pastoral community such as ours. Indeed wo might say that thev aro a subject of uuivorsal interest, inso much as they affect not only the producers of our staple industry hut all those who luivo to buy or sell or use wool in its raw or manufactured stuto. A riso iu tho prico of tho said commodity brings peace and gladness to tho heart of tho growor. The nightmares of ugly overdrafts and opprcsaivo financial ghosts give place to fair surpluses, and genial managers in whoso boat parlour it is once nioro pos sible to wear one's hat and apit upon the carpet. For the pater fumilias with uti extensive family, all partial to wearing in one form or another woollen fabrics, the oftcct of a rise in wool is not so exhilar ating. Tho retail cost of a garment expands as tho cost of tho material of which it is composed, and very often more so. Thus a man who iu a year of low priced wool can dress himself and his family in choicest inorinos, may in a year of gladness to tho producer bo compelled to forego so much of his personal grandeur and comfort as may bo represented by a drop from tho uso of "all wool" goods to that of cheap but other wiso respectable cotton commodities. And vice varan. For many years tho producer hod n bod timo of it. Prices ruled unvaryingly low, tho only chungo over noticeable being n tendency to become lower. It is to tho credit of many of them that they bore their trials heroically and always kept alive tho hope of better tilings to consolo them, aud with tho advent of last year came better times, Greasy wool udvauccd in prico from GO to 70 por cent, on previous rales and a Hteudy demand maintained throughout tho yo.ir with an upward tendency. Tho causes of this advance in wool prices aro much dis cussed, and there lias not, 80 far as wo know been yet established a unanimous agreement on the subject. Somo asserted wiat tho e 'rating state of war in South Africa had cast its shadow before it, and wily speculators saw a cessation of supplies und increase of demand for wools approaching hand in Itund on that account. They therefore rushed to Australia for stocks und lienco their com petition, one with another, Hunt up tho prices. However, perhaps it is too late to indulgo iu further speculation on tho point. Jndcod our attention is somowbat rudely drawn to a subject not ho pleasant to contemplate— ut least from a producer's Doiut of vimv. With tho opening of the January Wool Salos thoro was noticeable a weakness in the action of the markot. AVools that in tho preceding month were snapped at at almost fancy prices wero in slower demand, and prices ruled in January from a half-penny to threepence per pound lowur than Novem- ber and December quotations. It is difficult to see why this should be. The reaction hero is moro marked than in tho London markets, but on tho Continental markets there has been un equally pro nounced drop in prices. Prom this it miglit bo inferred that it is the Conti nental buyers in our inarkots who, moderating tlioir purchases and in somo cases entirely holding their hands, aro responsible for the slump. Anothor theory capable of credonco is that prices in our markets had advanced too far boyond current London rates, and tlmt nil adjust ment was accordingly modo necessary. While London pricos for best wools Advanced but u5 por cent., thu advanco hero was equal to about 70 per cent, on values. This theory is, however, some what discounted by tho fact that contem poraneous with tho fall hero thoro has been n fall of at least 0 por cent, in the London Janunry sales. We do not think thero is yet any cause for anxiety on tho part of our wool growers. Fino wool is not to bo had in lilivm' miiLMt.ikirw IiwIilv f.liim if-, umu <>f the height of tho boom, su that thoro is no fear of an over supply affecting prices. Moreover, it is extremely unlikely that the large speculative buyers of last year will have entirely unloaded by this time, so as to be able to afford to let a slump tako place. Holding tlm wool they will and can keep up its value. Thoro is, of course, a possibility that mill-owners havo Htocked up in some cases to un extent that prevents them from accepting furthor immediate stocks, and this small fact, wc think, it is that is roltectcd in our reduced prices. With tlio lapse of a little time this difficulty with the mill-owners will rogulnto itself, and thu wool bidders will begin to movo at the same gait as before cue glut, iney cannot uuoru to allow a state of affairs that will fiuca them to sell undor cost whioh would bo ruinous. Thoro is tints, wo think, a fair ground for saying that after the tem porary cheek roforrod to has worked itself out tho prico of wool will regain tho vigour it had at tho oud of last year, and bo well supported for somo timo to come yet. Thero has been a disposition so fur on the part of giowors to resent tho drop in prices, and they accordingly hold on to their stocks. Without wishing to poso as a scor as to what tlio futuro may uo wo think they uro woll advised. Thero should bo still a legitimate demand for lino wools and if a judicious control of sales bo provided wo fancy thu prosont apparent weakness in tho market will disappear and u lioalthy state of affairs again maintain. Our wool-growers havo had such a long aud disastrous exper ience of low prices that no ono can bogrudgo them a longer oxporionco of tho good prices that ciuno in and grow witli tho year thut has just expired. 