A GHOST ON BOARD? WEIBD STOBY BY A MATE Apropos of the tales' told, by Bailors, prob ably the most weird is that of the mate of the Dutch barque Burgemeister Jonkheer Col nau. Jacob Springbraten is the narrator of the singular story, which he lately told to an interviewer as follows : — 'You notice that my hair is gn»y, but I «m only 30 years old. When I tell you all that happened one awful night on the Scheldt, just ten years ago, you will understand why it should be so. ' -To begin with, although I was so young . a man, I was a captain. My father was a prosperous ship-broker, and I was a twin. My brother cared nothing about the sea, but to follow it was. my sole aim in life, My brother was eentle, and of a delicate consti tution. Ue wak decided on to be the successor to the business, while I was placed at sea be fore the mast when ;in my 20th year. . . 'After six years ,1 secured command of the FrauIeinVorhees. She was an old, un seaworthy brig, biit she .was all my own, and I made many happy, voyages in her through the waters of Northern Kurope ' On the night of which I am about to speak, I had just made' port from a prosper ous run through the ports of the Low Countries. ' ' 'The I'raulein made the roads of the Scheldt about ten o'clock at night. I told the crew we would not land thai night, and as they were very tired, they agreed. - ' ' ' Ar for myself, I remained on deck for half an hour later.- looking towards the shore! - The house in which £ lived with my father, mother, and brother was in plain vjew from the ship. - 1 looked -at it and won dered why it was all lighted up -so long after their usual hour of retiring. For a mo ment I was half tempted to take a boat and go on shore. ? ' . ' ? 'But I went down the cabin -stairs. Scaicely had I reached iny room ? when my presentiment returned. 'I set a tray of brandy peaches pn the table and lit a big stone pipe. . SMASHING BLOW AT AN INTBITDER. 'While I smoked I thought of home. . I hadn't seen niy brother for a year, and I won dered how he would greet me. It may have been 'because we were twins, but we werp always closer.' together somehow than most brotliers. ' So thinking, I must have fallen asleep! ' Suddenly a cold oppressive chill seemed to seizcihy very heart. The ship clock on .the wall showed the time — 11.50 p.m. -The, lamp had burnt dim. . . Then I realised ths»t some one else was' in the room. A .figure was seated in that chair, juBt as you are now. I could 'see his' face distinctly, but his eyes had an expression of mute sadnesB. Honor seized me— horror indescribable. With ia vio lent effort I shook ofif the hallucination. ' Grasping the pipe which lay on the Boor beside' nie, I .struck the . intruder a terrific blow on the head. A plaintive groan so unded ' through the apartment, and. the spell was over.; . ' The inoonlieht streanied-through the stern window into the cabln.and I saw it was , empty, but 'there' was'ai big dent in the flpor where the pipe had struck. The Vfccwl was broken;/ ' . ' '. '.'?',./' ? '?? '?..? '- '?'? . '' I went, up on deck, and to my jsurpriee' saw. that our house was still lit 'up.biiKhtly. There seemed '.iriuch confuaion!. ,' Forms could be Been Sitting past the windows, and -. all was excitement. ''':.',? ' ' ? ' Th'oroughly' alarmed.1 called the watch and had the. .boat lowered., .In a jiffy, we pulled through the moonlit water, and in, ten minutes 1 «rais' luiockirig ;at ' the door of the , honie! ? \ ''. ''.. ? ' ? ? '^':''-' '.?''*' \- \ '£a-x-b 'i«fir br6tbpb,v. '.'?;. ?.My mother opened it. She fell upon' my Bhoulder «nd exclaimed between' lifer sobs: — ?.'.-?-??. ' -: .-? ? r ' ' Oh. Jacob, Haus is dead.. . He longed for yonrr coming, but he passed away a few minutes before, twelve. He knew you were inthe,bay. Why didtft you ^-oine ashore?',- ? ' And then 'they told me a strange story . Hans was seized with a sudden illness on the morning, of tliat very day. They told him theJFraulein Voorbees would soon be jn, but he replied that he would 'never se/Bjme again. At '10,30, the. .time when I had/niagined I was asleep in the cabin of the )-rig, he had fallen into a deep 'coma. And thpn, ;at 1L50 p.m., at the .very moment when,. I; had. brought Jthat cursed {upe down with. crushing, force upon £be ^ead of the apparition of. niy. dreams/ he suddenly aroused,, and, crying, aloud, **. 'Oh, my-jod. Jacob, my brother,' he |lied.' ---,?? . : . - 