SHORT STORY. LORD TREPEAN AND THJi UNIQUE UNI FORM. v (By Gilbert Dayle.) Half-i-ast eleven had just struck, and Carriages were rapidly rolling up to the great entrance of Northland House. The iiiglit waa cold, and the air slightly foggy but a fair-size^ crowd stood shivering by the sides of the ah- ning, intent on wd ( ' h ing the arrivals. These were more inter esting than usual, for the Duchess of Northland was giving a hugo fancy dress ball, and the onlookers cauht glimpses of costumes rarely seen outside the re gion of comio opera. On the edge ef the pavement, with a watchful eye on the burly policeman in superintendence, stood an under-sized, mean-looking man of foreign appearance. The end of a oigarott-e stuck in the corner of his mouth, his shabby great coat buttoned up close under the chin and ins hands thrust deep incto his pockets, he lingered on in the cold. For a moment there was jr cessat ion in the stream of carriages then a private lumsome dashed up to the entrance. In it was a tall, broad-shouldered man enveloped in a long cloak. He swung out of the cab, and the folds flying open revealed a gor geous uniform. He stopped for a moment to giro come instructions to his coachman. The little man on the curb glanced at die uniform casually, then suddenly gave a start of surprise. He edged u trifle nearer, his eyes drinking in every detail of the costume. Tho next moment the other turned and passed under the awning. The little man watched his figure until it disappeared, then, moving into the road, he broke into a shuffling little run and vanished. The great ball-room at Northland House presented a magnificent sight as Lord Alec Trepean entered it. Every conceivable kind of fancy dress was in ev idence, and the brilliant shifting colors formed a glittering scene of delight to eye. Lord Aleo, in the uniform that bad attracted such close attention from the shivering little wretch outside, looked wonderfully handsome. Ho was tall, had good features, and wore a mous tache. He strolled about, chatting with Tarious acquaintances and filling his pro gramme, Presently, aft^r the music was in full swing, ho went in search of somebody with whom he had a standing engagement for certain dances. He found her, a pretty-looking girl of about Uiree-and-twenty. Her dress was dain tily simple, she wore no jewels, and her hair was done in a quaint, old-fashioned style. Lord Alec stood in front, and con templated her gravely. 'Well?' she said, with a little smile. 'Ravishing!' ho answered. 'And Ihe brilliant personality of Lady Edna Ash dale is hidden beneath the disguise of ? ' he paused inquiringly. 'Nettft — the flower girl of Somewhere,'' 6he replied, with a laugh. He offered his arm. 'Obviously you would be more at home in the conservatory!' said he. She laughed again, and allowed him to conduct her to a seat in the Northland conservatory. ?'Ton my word!' he remarked, as he settled himself comfortably, 'you don't appear to be much cast down by y tr terrible loss.' 'I haven't quite realissd that they're eonc!' 'I was thunderstruck,' continued Lord Alec, 'when I opened tho papers last evening and saw in big t.vpe, 'Theft of the Daibrook Jewels — Thirty Thousaud Pounds Worth Missing.' I, gathered that the Earl had brought tho casket from the 'bank at mid-day, aud that dur ing tho afternoon it mysteriously disap peared. Is that 60?' 'Yes,' sho said, a trifle wearily, 'that is quite right. Father's movements were evidently watched', and the whole thing planned. How ithe casket was actually token from the house nobody can hazard even a guoss. Tho placo is overrun with detectives, everybody has been crossex amined, and the matter talked over and ovor, until I am heartily tired of it!' j 'Tired!' he echoed, 'you're surely not I going -bo dismiss such an ovent from your mind for ever! Why, to some women it would mean a dozen wrinkles!' He looked down on her fresh young face. Sho laughed quite happily. 'Somehow,' she said, 'I am convinced we shall get them back. The police are so clever nowadays, you know-.' He looked a little dubious. 'Well, they tell us so in tho 6tory books 1 Anyhow, we'll hope they will prove to he amazingly brilliant in case. By the way,' he Added, 'you're quite the most talked-of woman in Lon don to-day. One of the evening papers published on execrable portrait of you, aud said — ' 'I know,' idle interrupted. . . 'Please, Alec, let's change the sub ject,' she went on pleadingly; 'every* body has talked of nothing else this even ing, and there are so many more cheer ful topics.' She glanced at his uniform. ''1 have been wondering what charac ter you represent. It looks perfectly lovely, you know.' 'Fm a oomio-operatic captain in an appropriate comio opera uniform.' His eyes travelled over her dress. 'And you, you're Netta, the flpwer girl — oomio opera, tool' he cried, an idea striking him. 'Oh, we must keep it up!' 'Keep what up, please,' the said won dcringly. 'The opera, of course!' lie exclaimed. 'Don't you see? The little flower girl always has a soldier lover who sings duets with her, and marries ho* in the end.' 'Hut there is generally a rival.'' 'Yos, wo must have a rival.' he said thoughtfully; 'oh, where's tho di'ar Count? He will do splendidly. Coiu;t Philip Telzin, of the raven hair and the nicked eye. What has become of him ?' 'He wrote to father saying that he was called away for a day or two.' 'All, but he Asn't gone — 1 remember now !' exclaimed Lord Alec ; 'I met Wil der this morning, and he told ine the Count had sprained his ankle just as he was setting out, and has to lay up fur a little while at his hotel. That's a pity, for he would have made a realistic rival. Suppose,' he -went on with a glance at her. 'suppose we be original, and do not have a rival at all?' 'Sot just yet, dear old boy!' «be said iu. softly. 'Yoa know the soldier captain always has. to do something to prove his love.' 'Iu these prosaic dayBl' he exclaimed. 'My dearest, you arc bent upon making me a desperate man. 1 shall be goaded into doing something useful, or—'' 'Perhaps it is that kind of thing I mean!' she said with a little smiling look into his face. 'Come,' she added,- 'we are losing the best of the dancing.' And slipping her arm within his, they made' their way back to the ball room, l It was about four o'clock when iiord Alec, muffled up to the chin in his ul ster, omeiged from Northland House, conscious of having spent a very good time indeed. His house was only half a-milo away, and he had told his ooach man that he would walk back. He pau sed to light a cigarette under the awn ing, then strode off. He had gone but a few yards when he heard a light, shuf fling footsctp 'behind him. A moment afterwards, he felt a slight touch on his arm. He swung round on his lied and saw a shabbily dressed little man facing him. He looked at him, and something ia the appearance struck him as familiar. Then it occurred to him that-he had no ticed liim standing on die curb as he alighted from his cab at- the entrance to Northland House. 'Well?' ho asked. The man held a tiny twist of paper out to hiin. 'For you!' he said briefly, in a gut ters! tone. 'You are making no mistake?' said Lord Alec in surprise, 'You know my name?' A grin spread over the man's facc. 'There is no mistake,' he replied, 'you are he to 'whom the note is ad dressed.' . Lord Aloo took the note, and, step ping under a gas lamp, unfolded it. There were a few roughly scrawled words in pencil. 'H you are the wise and clever man 1 take you to be,' he read out. 'you will grant the writer of this a few minutes' interview. The matter is of the utmost, importance to you.' He turned to the little man. 'What on earth is it all about?' he asked. 'Of importance to mef' The man glanced round cautiously, then edged a trifle nearer to him. 'The Darbrook jewels aro important to you!' he said in a Jboarse whisper. Lord Aloo gave a start, and laid a hand sharply on his shoulder. 'Well, what about them?' The man shook himself free of his grip. 'I am only a messenger,' he said sul lenly. 'Will you some? tl is not far. and we can walk it in half-an- hour.' Lord Alec reflected. It was altogether so strange, the meeting, the note, and its request. There was a touch of ad venture about the tiling -which was not unpleasant to him. And it related to the Darbrook jewels — to Edna! He made up his mind. 'I'll come!' he said, quickly, 'and on the way, my mysterious friend', you shall give me a few further particulars.' The man shook his head. 'I'm only a messenger!' he repeated. 'But you'll come — that is good and enough. Follow me !' He immediately set out at a shuffling pace, and Lord Alec, having determined to see the thing out, plunged his hands into his pockets and followed him. It was still foggy, and the air was bitterly raw. The man led tho way through bye streets, keeping a1 trifle ahead, apparent ly with the abject of preventing conver sation. After the first few streets Lord Alec gave up attempting to grasp the route he was following. The houses gradually grew smaller, He knew from tho general direction that they wore near Westminster, if not actually in it. At last the man stopped before a dismal looking house in a narrow street. 'This is the placo!' he announced, and producing a latch-key, opened the door. Lord Alec followed liimi in. Tlie man took up a cheap oil lamp that stood on a chair iu the passage, and beckoning to Lord Alec, led the way up the stair case on tip-toe. Up several flights of dark, stocp stairs they went until at length they reached the top floor. 11 ore the man paused before a door and knock ed on tho panel withliis knuckles. Tfiere was the sound of a heavy step, and the next moment the door was flung open and a flood of light revealed tho room to Lord Alec's gaze. To his relief, the man who was now standing on the threshold appeared to be the only occupant. He was a slightly-built individual of me dium height, dark- haired, and of for eign appearance. 'Ah, you have come, mon ami!'' he exclaimed. '1 thought you would not bu so silly as to refuse. Pray accept what little hospitality we have to offer you.' Lord Alec entered, and glanced curi ously round. It was merely the ordin ary, poorly furnished room of the cheap lodging-house. There was no fire, the room being wanned by a large oil 6tove standing in the centre. His host had thrown liimself on a seat at the further end of the room, and was complacenly engaged in rolling'a cigar ette. Tbis being concluded, he lighted it and smiled at his visitor., 'Possibly you have never seen ine be fore — nor even heard of mo. My name is Bela Kolsein.' 'I have not had the honour,' returned Lord Alec, 'and I can't say that I regret it-' The man laughed pleasantly. 'It is of no consequence,' he replied ; 'the point is that I know, you — and a groat deal concerning you into the bar gain.' 'Might I suggest the possibility of a mistake F' Tho room was hot with the fumes from the oil-stove, and Lord Alec had been unbuttoning his ulster. He flung it open and the uniform met Mr. Kossein's gaze. 'Ah, beautiful!' he exclaimed, rub bing bis biruds together, 'I hare not looked upon it for four. — no. it must be six years. Mqn Rieu, how the time flies when one is profitably engaged!' He stood up and contemplated Lord Alec rather closely. 'No, ilu-r? is no nis toke, my friend. You hare shaved yrur beard off, but you are still tiv* man. And besides — the uniform!' -He rubbed his hands again, 'I hare always said that no army in the world can boast a prether or more handsome one!' Lord Alec was now certain ilmt lie was. being mistaken for some mo e!*p, and in some strange r; Miner the uniform #r pernd to b# mrnljr rot^ooiiW for it. Obviously the best thing to do was to continue the deception. 'Come,' he said ehaiply^ 'what it the business you -want, with meJJ. I have no time to spore.' Mr. Bela Kossein settled himself com fortably in his chair. ' 'Ah, the business! — that it goo I!' he said, puffing at his .cigarette. Thoi pin eyo rested on the uniform again aiid he broke into a prolonged chuckle. 'But tho impudenoe of it all, it is magnificent!' he exclaimed with a leugh. 'You, the black sheep of your family, whose offences were so great that you were pttblioly degraded front yonr capr taincy in the JVlalegrian Army, to te here in England) mixing with the best society and actually appearing at e fancy dress b«ll in one of your old uni forma!' Lord Alec listened witn interest to these details of his life. He knew Mal egra as a small principality tucked away in a corner of Europe, and praetically vnknown to most people. 'It would seem almost incredible!' he . said cardonically. 'And I remember seeing you in the old days at the head of your company. 1 did not know you, but, from the talcs I heard I used to wonder who was the greater blaokguard, you or I ' 'Have you come to any definite deci sion on this interesting point?' Mr. Kossein began to roll another cig arette. 'Not quit®,' he said, 'but you have proved yourself the sharper in this par ticular instance, for you did iu a moment what I have been plannning to accom plish during the last six months. I put a spy in the house, arranged everything, and was only waiting the opportunity. It camo and I was Teady, but only to find that you had forestalled us by a quarter of an hour!' Mr. Kossein'shot » glance of admiration at his visitor. 'And I admit that you planned it out very creditably! A friend of the family, you gave out beforehand that you were called away for a few days. A little trip to Amsterdam, eh? Excellent! But now, having carried off everything in an admirable manner, you make this false | step. You suddenly change your plans, and do not. go.. Ma foi, I do not follow you !' 'I had my reasons!' said Lo.d Alec, shortly. Ho was trying to play bis j-art well. Mr. Kossein shrugged bis shoulders. 'They were foolish ones, for had you gone straight to Amsterdam I should not hare had the chance of soothing my wounded vanity. You go to the ball, and my good friend Admitz, ' he indi cated the little man. 'chancing to be outside, recognised the Malagrian uni form. He raced back to me, and I. put ting two and two together, and know ing that you could be the only one to possess such a costume, rightly conclud ed that yon had changed your mind about getting away with the jewels. So I sent the note.' 'And having got me here, wlirt- do you want?' Lord Alec demanded. Mr. Kossein lighted his second e.gar ette. 'We will say that you still hafo the Darbrook jewels in your possession,' he said. 'My idea is that you give me tbe famous necklace as some comj-cnsa'.inii for upsetting my plans.' 'And if I refuse ' 'Hen,' said Mr. Kossein ca'mly, 'you will promptly receive a visit from a po lice officer, who will arrest you 'on in foflmation treceived'i — from where, not stated.' 'You infernal scoundrel!' cried Lord Alee, but Mr. Kossein only smiled com placently. 'By the way,' said Lord Alec, an idea striking him, 'who is the spy you placed in Earl Darbrook's bouse?' 'A most ocoomplishod young gentle man,'' replied Mr. Kossein with a laugh ; '1 hare communicated with him end am expecting him every minute. He goes by tie name of Francois Gouii't.' 'Oh, the valet!' 'Yes,' said Mr. Kossein with a uod, 'I think I hear him now. Open the door, Admitz!' He little man did as nc was bid, pr.d listened. There was a sound of a light footstep ascending the stairs. )*id Alec looked round the roo.n quickly Tor some weapon. The valet would recog- nise him immediotely. He turned round with his bock to the door so that Gaulet would not see him until he was well in the room. His eye fell on a deal chair. It was the only thing within reach. The valet had got to the last flight- of stairs. Mr. Kossein rose lasily from his seat and went to meet him. 'Ah, my dear Francois!' he cried, 'you got my note? Our visitor has come and we are arranging matters nice ly-' Lord Alec did not move. He iieard the man enter the room. TTiey were ap proaching bim from behind. He edged slowly towards the chair and laid a hand on the back. Then lie turned sltwly round and met the valet's gaze. 'You fool, Bela!' the man gasped, falling back a step in astonishment , 'that is not he! That is Lord Alec Trepean. You have ruined us I' Kossein's face underwent- a quick change. The smiling look vanished and his eyes glittered in a determined fash ion. His hand moved stealthily to vards a bad: pockvt . 'Out of the way,' cried Lord Alec, suddenly swinging the chair above his head. The three stood for a moment, their eyes fixed on him. Then Kossein uttered two or three thick guttural words in a tongue Lord Alec did not re cognise. The next second they rushed at him. He dodged nimbly aside, and little Admits came sprawling at his feet. He bad tripped over the oil stove. Kossein made a quick dash at it, but it. was -too late, for a'flame of fire suddenly ^hot out over the: floor. Indescribable confusion followed, and Lord Alec, seeing his opportunity, dropped the clwir, made a bolt for' the door, and went stumbling down tha stairvase, three «teps.-at a time. He gained the door, and . finding .the latch managed, to open it. .The next moment he 'was in the foggy street again, , and ga ve a gaap of i$lief. ; He hurried away,, and presently met a policeman, -who told him he was near yirtoria, and .directed him. A tew min utes later he was sitting in-aoab, and her ing driven- towards his own house. As he alighted he heard n clock striko-six. He entered the house, and going straight to his bedroom proceeded to div^,hiia~ self of the unifonn, .and -.don --fothes *ttch,. if not so brilliant, were at least W oearwwatf wart points view. ? 'Extraordinary ?. -that . the oo&tumier; should have exactly 'copied the Malegrian juniform!' he reflected. 'Suppose he must have had a design of it, and. thought, it would save him taxing his powers .of invention.'- c,r; In the cab he had been piecing to gether the information which Kossein had inadvertently give.vhim, and he was now tolerably certain a? tc the identity of the real thief. He paced the roo-n thinking out his course nl' action. 'Yes,' he ex^i-nm:d nt lor.6'h, 'that's the way! . I will conclude the adven ture in a more fitting manner. I'll do the thing singlehanded.' He walked across the room, and poll ing the drawer out, produced a small re volver. At nine o'clock he issued forth from his house, and, enga^ng a cab, drovo to the Grandley Hotel. He sent up a mes sage to Count Philip Telzin asking if he would favour him with a few minutes' interview. The Count was at. breakfast, but would be delighted if Lord Trepean would join him. Lord Alec found him sitting at table, with one leg resting upon a chair, and a stick beside him. 'Pray, excuse my rising, my dear Tre pean,' he said, 'I've had the misfortune to twist my ankle, and am obliged to lay up. Will you have some breakfast ?' 'Thank, you, no,' returned Lord Alec, glanoingat him curiously.. Tho Count laid down a book he had in his hand. 'A dry thing!' ho remarked with a smile. 'By the way, will you have a cigarette ?' Lord Alec shook his head. 'This slight accident,' continued the Count, indicating his foot, 'is extremely annoying, for I had arranged to take a little trip on important business to — ' 'Amsterdam ?' queried Lord Alec coolly. The Count shot a quick look at him. . 'My dear Trepean,' he said mildly, 'why Amsterdam, of all unlikely places on this earth?' Lord Alec was standin at the oppo site end of the table. He slipped one hand into his pocket. 'Because,' he said slowly, 'it happens to be the easiest placo in the world in which to dispose of stolen diamonds!' Tlie Count laughed. 'I confess # don't follow you, my deaf Trepean. You are too extraordinary!' Lord Alec folded his arms. The Count noticed something shining half concealed in the palm of one hand. 'I may appear so,'' continued Lord Alec calmly; 'but I will endeavour ro make myself clear. I have certain infor mation that leads me to think that you stole the casket- containing the famous Daibrook jewels. Unfortunately you sprained your ankle an hour or so nf Vr you accomplished the theft, and conse quently were unable to get away.' ' ''What iionsense is all this, Lord Tre pean?' broke in the Count impitic-ntly 'And the jewels are still in your pos session, for it iE unlikely that you have a confederate.' Lodd Aleo pulled out his -watch. 'Now,' he said, 'I will give you two minutes to decide on you.- course.. Either you hand the casket lacs to me. or I shall tress the c-'-ll buttou, su n mon a policeman, .nd have you arres ted. I may mention chat I am belter acquainted with ; our past than you may suppose. To begin with, I believe you state Germany to be the land of your birth when you know tbat the honuur belongs to Male gra, a-bioi csuntry, ly the twiy, seems .to have bee.i somtviiat un-ipj/i e ciative of your merits.'' The Count had been smiling at the be ginning of this speech. Gradually, how ever, the smile faded away, and a looi of rage took its place. 'I have not got them,'' iie said sullen ly- Lord Alec merely glanced afTiis watch. 'One minute has passed,' he announc ed. The Count did not spc-.aii. His eyes were shifting about in ill -concealed fury. Lord Alec opened his hand aud allowed his pistol to be more plainly revealed. 'You have fifteen seconds mor.' :' lie said, and moved liesurely towards the bell button. Then suddenly tho Couut burst into a short laugh. 'I give in!' he cried. He felt in h.s pocket, and producing a key, tossed it on the table. 'The first drawer in that cal-inet,' he said, indicating a piece of furniture On the other side of the room. 'You will at least satisfy my curios ity?' remarked the Count, 'as I've not the ghost of an idea as to bow you man aged it. You must either be very clever or very lucky!' ''I should say luck!' rejoineed Lord Alec as he unlocked -the drawer; 'you see, a Unique Uniform bad -r good deal to do with it.' ? ? « ? Later in the morning, he was inter viewing Lady Edna. He had brought a brown paper parcel .with him into the room. 'What energy,' she exclaimed. 'I thought you would not be up For another hour!' 'He was standing in front of her. 'My dear Edna, that is nothing. I've been up alll night, and I reolly think T ve done it, you know!' 'What?' she asked with a smile. 'The oomic opera!' he cried excitedly. 'Got through the second act. routed the rival, and done something for the girl I love. Look!' She gazed at bim wonderingly, as he i quickly cut the string of the parcel and | tore off the paper cover. | 'The jewels!' she gasped in astonish ment. He nodded. 'Bat ? ' she turned to him inquir ingly. He gave her a brief outline of his adventures since they last- met. 'So -jwu iiave only -pro course open!' be jsaid at the conclusion. 'When «oin^ heroines marry the lover who has risked ' his life to pirk them a flower, I don't see I tiow you can very well refuse when it's a matter of the Datbrook jewels !' He . was ; watdiit^ her intently. Sbe broke .into a little laagh,-«iid raised bet eyes -smilingly to his. He- took « step forward and canght her -tn-liiB anite. 'A good curtain to 'Lojd. Trepean_and the Unique Uniform' !' he whimpered.— 'Royal Magtajne.' A ll'« bo its vi travelled by tbe Meatagerieii mmnwiroufclin—t aritfc : See lirt of .».UJi I 