/ AMONfi THE TROOPS. The Admiral at the Rarracks. .. / t Maori War Danee. As soon as you put your foot Inside the Vic toria Barracks yesterday you knew some thing was going to happen. Not that there was any special stir, or fuss, or signs of ex traordinary preparation. But the Impression came ana gradually assumed suon force that one felt impelled to seek some information as ' to the intangible communication of idea. A thin red line ot Guards stood indolently — If such magnificent soldlets can ever appear indolent — under the scant shade of one of the verandahs. Other busbled giants stood about on the asphalt, regardless of the rays of a Christmas sun. Offi cers strolled here and there tapping their beautiful legs with their canes, and twirling their moustaches with an air of importance, and nervous expectancy withal. Our own crack artillery band, in full trappings( stood bunch-' ed together near the arch, their brass Instru ments catching and reilecting the suu's rays, and muklng the eyes of the common civilian person blink again. The keynote to It all was that Rear-Admiral Pearson was to return the officers' call. That was all. .Just a polite visit, a "how d'ye do?" a bending of the elbow, and away again. But the occasion had to be glorllled, that is to say. Hie conventionalities had Ho be observed; and hence the air of an impending something which pervaded on all sides. Suddenly the sound of pipes, played in a style certain to stir the most sluggish pulse, came from the directtun of the gates, and. turning in that direction, one saw a striking mass of colour, the tartan of the Stuart, com ing up the roadway, led by a sturdy and all- glorious drum-major. The way that be- cecked individual manoeuvred the Southland. Pipers, who have come from far New Zealand to, be in our Federation for a while, was a treat to nee. It was the handsome roaea that did it; that and the graceful bending of the body. To the least movement of the mace, to the slightest movement of the Dody ot the drum-major, the band, answered: and, follow ing their lead, and turning as they turned, capte the troons from the sister island colony. These included the Maoris, who form a strlk-j ing feature of the New Zealand contingent. Past the front ol' the barracks they marched,: and up on to the lawn in frpnt of the officers' , quarters, and took their ease in the shade of, the trees on the right. (Meantime the Guards— Genadier, Scotch, and Irish — had fallen in on the asphalt. The Artillery bandsmen played "The British Grenadiers," in a way .that would take a lot of beating, and then the uniformed giants strode as one man, and were lined up in open order In front of the officers' quarters. Their movements were like clockwork. "Halt!" With the sound like the stamp of one foot, Instead ot fifty, they were transformed into apaprent statues. Not as much as an eyelid moved. Even persplratlop would have been a breach of discipline. Soldiers tried and true; tliey withstood the snapping assault of several cameras without a ghost of a quiver. They were to form a guard of honour to the Admiral on his arrival. It was some time before his Excellency did arrive. ' But the critical moment became known, by some unseen, unfathomable, mili tary presience, and the officer commanding gave an order. "Shouldah — Yep!" Thie men, long aecuBtomed to the voice, In terpreted the order correctly, and brought their arms to 'the shoulder as one. At that moment the carriage bearing Rear-Admiral Pearson turned the head of the drive. "Present — Yep!" ' His Excellency Btepped from the carriage, and was greeted by Major-General French, Col. Mackenzie, and the other officers who had assembled on the verandah. Admiral Pearson ithen went along the line and inspect ed the men. When he got opposite Private M'Culloch — Gft. 9 >/jln. of Grenadier grit under a towering busby— his Excellency made a re mark. "Here's a man one has to look up to," said he. Then was seen how thoroughly the Bri tish soldier has been drilled. There .was not a shadow of a smile on any face. Admiral Pearson went inside for a few mi nuses, and the men seized the opportunity to march oft, marching in a manner really beautiful to see to the volume of music pour ed out by the Royal Scottish Light Infantry Band and the Royal Artillery Band. The New Zealanders stepped into the va cant place; a' change from scarlet to khaki. The Southland pipers fell in behind the wear- , ers of the fern leaf. Again, Admiral Pearson made an inspection, saluted the officers, en tered his carriage, and drove oft— the pipers giving him a bit of a parting lilt. The New Zealanders made as though they also would betake themselves to the place from whence they came; thence to be taken out and re galed with a froth-capped refresher, but s An officer stepped down to the pipers. "They want to hear our band," Bald he. "They" meant the officers on the veran- had, and, beaming with pleasure at the ex pressed desire, the pipe- major stepped among his men, and whispered the i name of "Mrs. M'Pherson." Then into his place " he stept, Smiling a quiet smile, As though he knew what magic slept Within his pipe the while." The band played, the drum-major's face was wreathed In smiles, and everybody was highly pleased. There are some hum- drum sort of persons who' say they can't see any thing to admire in the pipes; to be fully con verted they should hear the Southland pipers. The bladders were allowed to collapse, and the stirring notes of the pipers died away. But the proceedings were not over. The Maoris stepped to the front, and at a signal frorit the leader broke with startling sudden ness into a verse of a song which, in ithe olden days, before the foot of white man had trod den the turf of the King Country, it was cus tomary to chant Just before going to war. Forgetful of their uniforms, regardless of all encumbrances, with the first few liquid sounding words of the song, the stalwart Maoris threw HhiemBelves into, the spirit of the chant. They clubbed their guns and waved them aloft; stamped upon the gravel with vigor, bent and sw.ayed their bodies to the rhythmic cadence of the song; threw back their heads and lolled the tongue to an al most alarming extent. The completeness with which they abandoned themselves to the stirring sentiments ofthe native bard, was strikingly apparent. One, a huge fellow, 18st. in weight, with the Jolliest of countenan ces, enjoyed himself immensely in the brief relaxation. He bounced like a ball, gesticu lated excitedly, dud shouted with the lungs of a giant. It appeared doubtful as to -who enjoyed the performance most, the specta tors or the performers themselves. When it was over, and they had once again become soldiers as distinguished from warriors, as they knew, the term, they marched up to their camp at the Centennial Park. At Centennial Park camp everything has pretty well settled down into routine order. The Victorians, who arrived late on Wednesday night, have got under can vas. Major-Gener»V French ' paid a visit to the camp yesterday morning, and expressed pleasure and satisfaction with matters as they are. All the officers and men speak loudly of the excellence of the general arrangements. The Agricultural Ground was visited by a number of civilians yesterday. On Wednes day a crowd of spectators found their way to the camp. Special arrangements have been made— owin'gto easteprejudices— to keep the curious from venturing too near the sec tion where the Indian troops are under can vas. The area is roped-oft, and half-a- dozen policemen parade about the enclosure. A little parade work was done yesterday. But, as the occasion is a Holiday one, and not primarily for work, "Tommy." gets a good deal of liberty. Unless on duty, he is on leave every evening from 4 till almost any time at night. - 