THE STORYTELLEB The Mound by the Way. By Eden Phillpotts. PART II.— Continued. Gamtner Guxney dwelt quite alone, and none bad seen the alleged mariner, her w-n, tbe occasion of his visits being hidden innocturnal mys tery. Upon one po'ntat least there was no doubt — ? the dame could veod tbe choicest cognac to a favoured few at a shilling a pint, and those whom it concerned also koew (hat no such tobacco as that f-he sold, whether for smoking or chewing, could be otherwise procured nearer than Exettr. There was a whisper, too, of French 6ilks and laces concerning which tbe wives of the quality might have told -± tale : and eofs'ms of Tnrowleitrh were prepared to swear upon the Book that more than once in moment; of high excitement Gammer Gurney had uttered -words and whole sentences 01 words in a heathen tongue. Yet, despite ber powers and accomplishments she always went her humble rounds with an old donkey in an older cart Ostensibly she pur chased rags and bones and - ther waate fiom farm kitchens ; and thoBe who knew not her peculiarities and pitied her lean apparition in its iron pattens, old sunbonnet, and ' dandy- go - jisset *' gown, would give her cast-off garments and orts from the table to keep life in her. Others, better iuformed, well knew what was hidden in the donkey cart, and Gammer came as an honoured if a secret guest to many a great house on the countryside. Inleed, half a hundred sea dogs were her eons, and the smugglers thought a twenty-mile tramp over Dartmoor from the sea no great hardship when the Gammer's great dis cretion aDd the liberality of her prices for matters contraband came to be considered. In addition to these dark practices Mother Gurney was reputed a witch in her own right, but a witch of the better gQjt ? a white wonder- worker, whose marvellous knowledge enabled her to combat the black necromancers who haunted Devon in those days to the detriment of honest folk. Their power of the evil eye, their unpleasant habit of overlooking innocent men and women, were quelled and crushed by Gammer's stronger, if less sinister, charms. To gain private ends she fostered this vulgar opinion concerning her occult accomplish ments, was much wrapt in secret studies, and claimed wide skill in medicaments and cures by drug and amulet for beast and man. Recoveries, indeed, were laid at her door with frank thank* fulness *, though whether the moorland herbs and rare simples, ostentatiously plui ked at time of old moons and eclipses, were to bs thanked so much as that ingredient of strong French brandy which entered into her prescriptions may be left a matter of conjecture. Upon (he door of Gammer Gurney's mysterious home John Aggett knocked. Then a little nut brown woman opened to him, codded without affectation of superior parts, and even curtseyed in old-fashioned Btyle at sight of Timothy. ,.«i ^ ' Your servant, young maister,' she said. ' Be pleased tJ etep in, an' you'm welcome, I'm sure, though 'tis the home of poverty. Rest free if that's your errand — rest an' theer's a gude cushioned chair to hold 'e tu, 'though you mightn't count to find sunn here.' The white witch had no peculiarities. She merely suggested a venerable and time-worn body whose life had not lacked tribulations and whose tether must be near at hand. But her dark eyes were veiy bright and her activity of body was still apparent. Timothy lolled in the gTeat ' grandfather ' chair, and a red peat-glow flamed on bis leather gaiters from the fire ; John sat near the door with a wandering and uneasy eye, ready to disi-over mystery and read cryptic secrete at every tarn. He knew that to asik oper.ly for tbe cordial he de sired had been to make a hole in his manners He therefore waited for hit* master to upeak. Gammer Gurney mended the fire and chatted briskly. ' Theer'll be little more huntin* Jpon the high moor 'fore the snaw come. An* 'tis near now. It be given me to knaw 'bout what fashion weather us may look for by the birds an' berries an' autumn turnin' of leaves au' tokens hid in still waters an' the callin' of the cleeves.' ' The nds was in the sky this marnin',' said Juhu, ' a savage, eulky sunrise, I warn 'e.' ' I seed un ; an' a terrible braave sight of snaw unshed in tbe elpments, an' the sirth ripe for it. Gert snaw an* ice coznin', wi sorrowful deep drifts an' death to man an' beast an' awfullest floods to follow arter. I've knawn this many days, an* laid in store against its.' Timothy now saw his opportunity. The witch scanned the crystal with increased intensity. ' And I'm going to add to that store if you'll let me.' ' There's a fine hare in tbe bag.' ' A hare, did e' say f They'm dark, fancifult beasts, an* if 1 was anything but a honest woman, I'd not touch no snch thing. But I knaw what I knaw. Where did 'e find un ? ' ' I shot un,' said John, dragging the animal forth. ' Her was sittin' aquott under a tussock nigh the Bacred circle o' stones out betwixt Cosdon an' Wild Tor.' ' Then 'tis a pure, natural beast wi' no dark tricks to un if 'twas theer. A witch-hare wouldn't go in them plaaces A right hare, sure enough, an' heavy tu. Thank 'e kindly ; an' if you comes round arter Christmas I'll cure the skin for 'e, Jan Aggett. 'Twi'l make a proper cap against the hard weather.' John scraped and offered respectful thanks ; then refreshments became the subject of Timothy Chave'a speech. ' You haven't a cup of milk by you, mother ? I'm as thirsty as a fish.' ' Milk — ess fay, but none for you Ban't drink for g rawed men, if you ax me. But I've — well, no call to name it. Yet 'tis a wholesome sort o' tipple took ia reason an' took hot. You bide here. I'll be back direokly minute.' She disappeared through a low door at tbe side of the kitchen and locked it behind ber. In five minutes she returned with the promised re freshment, and poured it from a square, earthen ware crock into two large cups. These she half filled with brandy, then added hot water from a kettle, and finally dropped a lump of yellow candy into each, with minglei spices from a shining black box. ' 'Twill do 'e a power o' gude an' keep away eviL an' make heraes of 'e,' declared the woman. Then she watched the drinkiog men, with pleasure in her bright eyee, and showed that she ap preciated their grunts and gurgles of satisfac tion. ' Better 'n milk ? ' she said. ' A god -like brew ! ' declared Timothy; and John, who bad waited to see his master drink first before venturing upon the wich'e gift, now gave Gammer Gurney ths compliments of the blessed sewon with all respect, then drained the last drop of hie refreshment, and scraped at the remaining spice and sugar with his fingers. ' Sure I feel like a mighty man o' Scripture compared to what I was a bit ago,' be declared, as the spirit moved him. ' You'd make your fortune if you set up a sign in a city and sold that stuff to all buyers,' prophesied Timothy. ' I wants no foriune, Maister Chave I be here, an auld sawl well thought 'pon an' wi' 'in call 'o friends. E tell no tales, an' breed no troubles, an' what goes in my ear doan't come out at my mouth wi' a new shape to it, I assure 'e. No tale-bearer me. Tongue an' ear strangers — tba**s the wise way.' ' You 'm wise enough, ma'am ; everybody knaws that.' ' Not that I set up for anything above my neighbours, though I may have done 'em a gude service here an' theer.' ' A many of 'em — Lard, he knaws how. many,' declared John eagerly. ' Taake my awn case. Didn't 'e tell me how to win my gal for a silver sixpence, an' didn't I do as you bid an' bother her marnin', noon an' night till she said the word ? An' didn't Digory Orampiron, the shepherd, come to 'e 'pon the same cause, an' ax what fashion woman 'twas as he'd best pay court to f An' didn't you say her'd be a fiir maid P An' sure enough fair her was ; an* a gude wife an' mother these many days now.' ' That's the thing I'd like to hear ! ' cried Timothy. ' Read me riddles, Gammer. Tell me my fate in marriage, and when the girl is coming, and what she'll be like. Tell me, and I'll give thee a golden guinea ! *' Now it fell out, strangely enough, that the white witch knew certain facts hidden from her questioner— facts that none the less concerned him iu some measure. She had that forenoon visited Cridland Barton to find tbe household of the farm in some confusion. The Christmas guests had arrived three days earlier than they wsre expected, that circumstance being explained by an opportunity to travel cheaply to Okehamp ton on a stage coach some of whose passengers had failed it. From Okehampton to Throwleigh was no great matter, and the travellers had walked that distance bringing their lag-gage on a pack-horse. In the buotle and confusion caused by this premature advent, Gammer Gurney had been kept waiting in the buttery — treatment very arely extended to her digoity. But this delay had not be wasted. A garrulous housekeeper explained circumstances to the old lady, ani added that one of the new comers, a girl of a fair face, reserved manners, and great good sense, had won Farmer Chavo's heart, and was by him secretly destined for Timothy without that young man's knowledge. This maiden the Gammer had seen and spoken with before she departed home ward*, while as for Tim, he knew nothing of the business. Thus, it may be guessed what ex cellent matter for a prophecy was now at the hacd of the old lady. Indeed she bad oFten times done miracles in the public esteem with less promising material. Nevertheless this circum spect woman showed no eagerness to tako young Chave at his word. ' Best to think twice 'fore you ax: me that,' she answered. ' 'Tis a serious deed, bwoy, aad not to be undertaken in a light spirit. Mind this tu ; the truth ban't allus sweet, or what our oars are best tuned for hearin'.' Her respectful manner vanished upon the intro duction of this theme. She now spoke as the young man's equal or even superior. Timothy was not frightened from bis purpose, however, and screwed his face into solomnity. Then he winked behind Gammer Gurney'e back at John Aggett, who, knowing w .11 that witches have eyes behind and before, doubted not the action had been observed, and was much discomfited in consequence. ' Here's your guinea, mother ; that'll show you I'm in solemn earnest upon this matter.' The wise woman instantly swept up the coin. ' If you will, you will,' she eaid. As a preliminary to the fortune-reading two rush candles were lighted and the table cleared. Then upon it the sybil drew a half-circle with black charcoal and spread ancient cards round the circumference. Next she set up in the midst a lump of shining quartz, of the sort known as C^ruish crystal, and into a natural cup within this stone she poured tbe black contents of a email, strangely-shaped bottle. Now, bidding them be silent and motionless, with impenetrable gravity she went upon her knees beside the table, and so remained for a long five minutes Some times she gabbled to herself, sometimes ehe set her hands upon a conjunction of the outspread cards ; but her eyes, as it appeared, never closed for a moment, and never for a moment wandered from the little black lake in the quartz discerning-glass. John, deeply impressed, sat with his mouth open ; evou the scholar felt his scepticism waning a trifle. Presently Gammer Gurney began to talk, and, after much moonshine and a whole risrmarole of promises, predictions and cautions, the witch broke off and scanned the crystal with increased intensity. ' Terrible coorious ! *' she murmured in an audible aside.' ' No such thing as this ever hap pened afore, I should judge. What's tbe day of the month ? ' ' Eighteenth of December,' said John. ' Exacally so .' An' if— theer ! Of ail straange fallings-out ! ' She gazed blankly at her guest until Timothy, despite his education at Blundell's, grew a little uncomfortable. ' Well, well, what's amiss, mother ? Oat with it for good or ill. What pitfall is waiting for me — an early marriage ? ' ' A maiden be waitin' for 'e Timothy Cbave ; an1 this rery day — a (trey -eyed young gal wi' bright hair an' cherry lips— this day by picture an' by crystal ! She'm nearer than the coming snow — she'm at your elbow, man ! Ess fay, fust gal as you see an' speak with come the owl-lighl — hei an' none other'll be your life -long mate !' ' Merciful to me ! 'Tis most owl-light now,' gasped John Agirett. 41 By St. George and the dragon 1oo, I'm near my fate then ! Up and off, John ! I'll see my bride before nightfall Come on.' The woman huddled up her cardR, cleared the table and poured the black liquid into the fire. Timothy was eager to be gone, and now took an abrupt leave of his soothsayer ; while as for Gammer Quroey, she stood like ' one in a dream acd regarded Tim with vacant eyes. It was her custom thus to appear elevated in the spirit after exercise of her remarkable gifts. So they left her at her cottage door and started for home at a good pace. The fresh air contributed much to blow superstition out of Timothy's mind ; but his companion continued taciturn and was evidently impressed by what he had seen and heard. ' She gave I goose-flesh down the spine o' me, for all her outlandish fiery drink,' he said. ' You're a fool, John ; an' I'm a greater. A good guinea wasted to pour purpose.' Nearing Throwleigh tbey turned off the Moor, passed the cottage of Aggett's mother, and pro ceeded down (he hili. Tben it was that John, desir ng to t-hift the game-bag from hi? girdle to his shoulder, hung back some forty paces. His fiogers wei e cold and the buckle was t-tiff ; his master therefore gained upon him, and, passing the corner of a plantation, went out of t-ight. Mending his pace to overt ike the other, John heard hidden voices, the hour then being dusk, and a moment later, coming round the corner of the woodland.', he saw Timothy Chave in con versation with a woman. She was clad in scarlet flannel, even to the snug faood round her ears, and her figure shone brightly through the gloam ing. He heard words half laughing, half annoyed, in the girl's uplifted voice. ' Who be glazin' at, then- Make way, caan't 'e F Did 'e think I was a auld ghost out the wood r1 ' ' Not a bit of it ! A good faiiy more likely. And forgive me ; I wanted so much to hear you speak.' ?' Tou'm a very impident chap, tben, for all youi gert gaehly gun awver jour shoulder ! ' The woman passed Timothy light-footed ; then, turning quickly down a short lane, she disap peared just as John joined his master. The young man was in an extremity of excitement. ' Great heavens ! Did you see her— that rod giil ? An' after what the hag said ! Her eyes, man ! Eyes like Btars in the dark aud a voica like the wood doves ! I came straight upon her peeping out of her red hood like a lovely queen of pixies ! Who is she, John ? Who's her father P And where has she vanished to ? Speak if you know. 'Tin a marvellous miracle of a thing that I thould meet her in this way. I could swear I was dreaming, yet I'm as much awake as she was alive. Who in the name of wonder ie she ? Speak if you know.' ' She'm a gal by name of Sarah Bel worthy, Private J. Palazzi (Killed). Saddler-Sergeant S A. Palazzi, Photo, by Eden. THE BROTHERS PALAZZI. darter o' Smith Belworthy ; an' she'm tokened to ms,M said Aggett stolidly. III. John's announcement awoke a laugh in the younger man, and Timothy dismissed the subject with a sort of lame apology ; but the other re mained dumb after his assertion, and few more words passed between them. Aggett, however, burnt within, for the recent incident had caused him infinite uneasiness and alarm. To allay these emotions he hastened to the house of Sarah as soon as his duties at the farm were ended, and there, before her parents, rated her in round terms for speaking to a fitrange man under the darkness. The girl's mother heard of what had happened with secret interest ; Sarah herself laughed, then cried, and finally made her peace with many ' ptomis^s that no light action of this sort should ever again be brought against her. Of the white witch and the prediction, John did not speak ; and though he returned to his loft above the CrHland cows a comforted man, yet, in the hours of night, fear and forebodiog gripped his heart again, and frank terror at the shadow of an awf u1 catastrophe made him toss and sweat in the darknebs. Twice he rose and prayed childish prayers that his mother had taught htm. Tbey were sothing'to the purpose, yet he trusted that they might call the Almighty's attention to him and his difficulties. So he lay awake and scratched his red head, and puzzled his scanty brains with what the future held hidden. As for Timothy, the splendid twilight vision of Sarah in her red array was by no means dimmed by the subsequent appearance of his own fair kiuswonan. A first fiery love had dawned in him, and the romantic circumstances attended its awakening added glamour to the charm of mystery. Already hs almost granted Gammer Gurney a measure of the powers she pretended to. Aggett' s statement had iced his ardour fora while; but a bitter-sweet yearning and unrest grew again after the cowman was gone— grew gigantic to the shutting out of all other things feminine ; and Sarah's grey eyes, not bis prim little cousin's, were the lamps that lighted Timothy's midnight ? pillow. In the morning he gave himself grea-. store of praotical and sersible advice. He told himself that he was too good a sportsman to interfere with another's game and poach on another's preserve ; and he assured himself that he was too excellent a son to fall in love with a blacksmith's daughter and sadden his mother's declining days. He laughed at himself, and, when he met John after breakfast, spoke uo more of the incident. Ho grew self-righteous towards noon, and was secretly proud of himself for having withstood the fascination of Sarah Belworthy's face and voice with such conspicuous ease. He told his conscience that the fancy was already dead ; he felt that it would be interesting to meet the girl again ; and he assured himself that her image in full garish daylight must doubtless fall far be low the perfection that it suggested half veiled uuier coming darkness. During that afternoon he marvelled a little at his own restlessness, then sought occupation, and decided that it would be well to have his horde's shoes roughed. He knew under this explicit determination lurked implicit desire to sen thv father of Sarah Belworthy, but he did not permit his mind time to accuse him. He looked to his horse himself ; ha was very busy, and whistled and addressed those he knew about him, ea he trotted down to the smithy, feebly trying to deceive himself. A black cavern gaped out on the grey day, and from within came chime of anvil and hoarse breath of bellows. But it was not the spluttering soft red-hot iron that caught Tim's eye. A lurid figure appeared and disappeared like magic as each pulse of the bellows woke a flame that lighted up the forge. This vision now gleamed in the blaze, then faded as the fire faded, and Timothy knew it for his pixie queen of the pre ceding night. Such an unexpected incilent un nerved him ; for a brief moment he thought of riding on ; but he had already drawn rein, and now dismounted, his heart tbrobbing like the fire. Sarah had brought her tather some refresh ments from home, and was amusing herself, as she had often done before, with the great leathern be]low3, while a ]ad worked at the anvil, and the smith rested from his labour aud ate and drank. Smith Belworfchy gloried more than common in two prosBessions, his daughter and his bass viol. Sometimes he nnntioned one first, sometimes the otber. To-day, haviDg greeted Tim with great friendship and not forgetting the incident of the previous night, he bid Sarah step forward, much to her mortification, and drew young Ohave's attention to ber as though she had been 8ome item in an exhibition. ' My darter, young sir, Sally by name. Theer'a a bowcrly maid for 'e ! An' so gude as she'm purty ; an' so wiae as she'm gude most times. Awnly eighteen year auld, though all woman I assure 'e. But tokened, maister — tokened to a red- headed giant by name of John Aggett — her awnly silly deed, I reckon.' ' The beet fellow in the world,' said Timothy. ' Maybe, but who be prude enough for the likes o' she ? My li'l rose of Sharon her be ; an' the husband as I'd havp chose should have been somebody, 'stead of nobody. But there she is, an' I lay you've never seed a purfcier piece in all your travel?, have 'e now P ' The blacksmith grinned affectionately, held Sarah *6 arm in his grimy grip, and surveyed lis daughter as he had gazed upon some prize beast, or a triumph of the anvil. ' Doan't heed un,' burst out Sally, her grey eyes clouded, and her face as red as her gown. ' Ne\er did no gal have bucIi a gert gaby of a failher as me. His wan goose be a royal swan, an' be do reckon all the countryside must see wi' his silly eyne an' think same as him — fond auld man ! ' SATURDAY'S LACROSSE-THE TEAMS ENTERING THE FIELD. The cold light of day arid the forge-glow struck her face alternately as she moved, Young Chave was a man, and not a stock or Etone. Therefore be seized the hour, and answered her remark. ' You shouldn't blame your father for telling the (ruth, young mistress*,1' he said. ' Eveu though it suit you not to hear it. Yet when 'tis so pleasant and so generally accepted, it might well be agreeable to you.' ' Theer's bntivul scholar's English,' chuckled Mr. BelwDrthy ; timer's high gcn'lnmao'B language, an' the case iu a nutshell.' Sarah grew shy and uncomfortable. Angry she could not be before Tina's compliments, and how to answer him without contradicting him 8he did not know. So she turned to her father instead. ' Be you gwaine to ate an' drink up your food or ban't 'e, faither ? ' ' All in gude time. I've got to rough the young gen'leman's horse's shoes fust.' ' Be in no hurrv,' said Tim. ' I can watt awhile.' ' I can't then,' declared Sarah ungraciously, and bo marched off in a fine flutter of mingled emotions. Mr. Belworthy looked up from the hoof be tween his knees and winked with great signifi cance at Timothy. ' Kittle cattle— eh ? Look at the walk of her ! Theer banTt a girl this bide Dartymoor as travels like that. Tis light as a bird, an' you'd doubt if her'd leave a footprint *pon new-fallen show.' ' So Diana walked,' declared Tim. ' Did her ? A Plymouth gal, I s'pose ? ' asked Mr. Belworthy wilh simulated indifference. ' No — a goddess of ancient times — just a moon beam shadow, you kriow. Not a splendid flesh and blood beauty like your daughter.' There was no sound but the rasping of the file, then Bel worthy spoke again. ' Tokened to a man as'll never rise much be yond Gridland Barton cow-yard — that's the mischief of it. Her, as might have looked so high, seein' as the body of her an* the faace of her be what they be. Not a word 'gainst the chap, mind. Brains is the gift of God, to be given or held back 'cordin' to His gude pleas ure.' ' Suoh a clever girl, too, I'll warrant. What did she see in John Aggett, I wonder * ' ' Ck-.ver in a way, though not so full of wit as my cbeel might have been prophesied. Me bein' generally reckoned a man of might on the baes viol Sundays. But Sally's just Sally, an' I wouldn't change one eyelash of bar. Power over musical instruments bau't given to women kind, I reckon : though for plain singin' wi' other maidens in a plaice o' worship, she'm a tower o' strength. An' ebe be just a polished corner o' the temple prayer-times, no matter what gentlefolks comes theer. As to why she took on wi1 Jan, I lay her couldn't give 'e reasons any more'n me. But so 'tis, an' though it mayn't never come to axinar out in church, . yet lovers be stubborn in their awn conceits. An' so —you being Farmer MR. GEORGE KNIGHTS CHAMPION BAM -FARMERS' CLASSES. Chave's awn eon an' heir — might, if you was that way minded, up an' say a word for Jun.' '« So I wilt then. He's a right good fellow.' ' 'Tis the season o' herald angels, when hearts are warm, you see. An1 six shillin' a week do taake a terrible long time to goody. Of course, Jan gets cider, an' corn at market piice tn ; yet wi'out offence 'tis tail corn most times an' not stomachable — stuff as doan't harden muscle.' 'My father would never give his men tail corn,' cried Timothy indignantly. ' Wouldn't he ? Then I was wrong. I wouldn't go against un for all the tin hid on Dartymoor. But theer 'tis. I doan't see how the man's gwaine to save against a wife an' fam'ly unless his wage be bettered. An' I don't want to see my darter graw into a auld virgin mumphead while he's tryin' to scrape brass enough to give her a home. 'Tib wisht work such waitin'.' ' I'll not forget John Aggett. He's a very well meaning man, and honest, and a splendid shot.' ♦' So he is then, and a gude shot, a9 you say, though I'll allus be sorry as he brought down my li'l bird.' ?' If she loves him 'twill fall out all right, you know, Belworthy.' ' If love could laake the place o' victuals an' a etone cottage an' a snug peat hearth, it might fall out right, but I'm sorry for the maiden's love as have got to burn at full pitch o[ h«;at year after year wi' marriage no nearer 'Tis a wither ing thing for a gal to love od, knawin' in her secret heart as each -winter doan't pass awver her for ought, but leaves its awn touch o' Boldness an' greyness. She hides it from the man o' course — from every wan else tu, for thai matter — bnt' tis with her all the seasons through, an' dims her eye an' furrows her smooth young forehead at night times unbeknawnst to them that love her best.' Timothy doubted not that the blacksmith spoke truth, then he trotted off up the hill, and without set purpose overtook Sarah on her way heme. Her voice thrilled him and the frankness of her face as she smiled shyly, her temper gone. Again she chid him for listening to her parent's nonsense and be tried, to assume a friendly, fatherly manucr towards her, and failed. The girl made his blood burn aud his band shake on his horse's mane. His breath came short, his eyes grew bright and only with difficulty did he arrest a frantic, reckless petition for a kiss at any cost. PBihaps such an abrupt and volcanic climax had been best ; but he restrained himself, swallowed bis ardour and became humble before her. Seeing that she preferred this attitude, he Bank to servility ; then, rating him for wasting his time and her own, the turned away hard by her cottage door, and he, without formal fare well, walked his horse onward all a-dreamiDjf. Sarah too was not unmoved, but she hid her emotion and was glad that neither her mother's nor any other pair of eyes had seen her with joung Chave. Timothy met the third party to that unfolding drama as he proceeded on to the Moor. Then came John Aggett, with an anxious face looking out upon the warld above his red beard. The labourer stopped Tim, and in broken sentences — like a child that wrestles to describe new things within his experience but beyond his vocabu ? lary — strove clumsily to express a mental upheaval which he lacked words to display. He made it clear, however, that be was in a great turmoil of mind and much driven by fear of appearances in connection with Gammer Gurney's predictions of the previous night. ' I be just come from speech with the woman, and oan't say as 'twas sense or yet nonsensfl I got out of her. She kept a close watch on her lips 'peared to me ; but her eyes threatened bad things, an' her weern't at ease. ' What will happen, will happen,' she sez to me ; an' at the fu9t utterance it seemed a deep sayin', yet, come to think on't, 'twas a thing knawn bo well to me as she.' ' Why did you go to her ? ' inquired Timothy, knowing without need of answer. ' 'Bout last night. Couldu't banish it from my head what her said as to your sweetheart. So I went an' telled her how you met my Sarab, an' axed if that corned in the spell, Beeing' the gal weer tokened to another man. An' she said as it might be or might not be, because the spoken word remained, an' was no more to be called back again than last year's primrosen. Then I axed her what her awn view of it might be ; an' she up an' said what I told 'e ; ' What will happen, will happen.' Arter lhat E grew hot, an' said any fule knawed so much, an' she turned round *pon me like a dog you've trod on by mistake, an' her eyes glinted like shinin' steel, an' I reckoned she was gwaine to awverlook me theer an' then. So I cleared out of it.' ' What happens, happens, because it must. That's all right enough, John. And things won't fall out differently because we take thought and pine about 'em.' ' I be keepin' com'ny, an' it may be a sort o' state as blinds the eyes p'raps,' said Aggett, humbly. ' I trUBt 'e in Hub thing — you'm a gen'leinan an' wiser' n me, as be a mere zawk fur brains alongside 'e. But theer 'tis, she'm my awn maid, an' if the 'mazin' butivul looks of her have fired 'e, then, as you'm a gude man, so I pray you'll be at trouble not to Bee her no more. 'Tis very well to say what must fall, must, but the future did ought to be a man's servant, I reckon, ' not his master.' ' That's not philosophic, John.' ' Anyway, if theer'a danger in my gal to you, then turn your back upon her. I sez it wi' all respects ap man to master ; an' as man to man I'll say more an' bid you be a man an' look any way but that. Ess fay, I ssz it though not worthy to hold a cannel to 'e. An', what's more I trust 'e.' To Timothy's relief John did not delay for an answer tn his exhortation, but proceeded upon his way. So they parted, by curious chance, at that spot where to-day there rise the mound and aged thorn. The moor was of a uniform and sullen iron colour under the sky of like hue, but pa'.er shade. The north wind si ill blew, but the clouds were lower, denser, and heavy with snow. Even as Aggett went down the hill and his rival pro ceeied upwards, there came fluttering out of the grey the first Hcattered flakes of a long-delayed downfall. They floated singly, wide- scattered on ihe wind ; others followed ; here a monstrous fragment, undulating like a feather, capsized in the invisible currents of the air. Then the swarm thickened, and hurried horizontally iu puffs and handfuls. The clean, black edgBS of the distant moor were now swept and softened with a mist of falling snow ; aloft, thicker and faster, came the flakes, huddling and leaping out of nothingness, and appearing as dark grey specks against the lighter sky. Presently, indication of change marked the world, and a glimmer of virgin white under oncoming gloom outlined sheep tracks and made ghostly the grey boulders of the moor. By nightfall the great snow had fairly begun, and blinding blizzards were screaming over the moor on the wings of a gale of wind. (To be continued ) 