MOCiVr GAMfil Eit. (From our own Correspondent.) August 5. | On Saturday last) the 20th half-yearly meet- 1 ing of the Gambler West Cheese and Batter Factory Company was held. The balanoe- i sheet showed that a satisfactory business had been done, which enabled the directors to de clare jthe .usual ..dividend of Is per share, ana write off something from the plant-account. ! Daring the half-year 36,976 gallons of milk had ■ been purchased at an average of 3Jd per gallon; It had all been made into butter, which had brought on.the average Hid per lb.' Messrs. G. Sim, F. Kolloway, and G. White were fe elected directors, and Mr. A- Billing auditor: In the course of the last half-year 2,228 acres of the Glenooe estate, in 14 blocks, were sold to farmers, at; prices ranging from £3 to £16 10s per acre. There are'yet numerous enquirers after the land. Up to the end of July S,360 tons 4§ cwt, of. potatoes were sent from here to market for the current seasob. For the four weeks ended Joly 28'the quantity sent was 1,711' tons. 41. cwt. " ' Op to the end of July last year 7,619 tons 10£ cwt. of potatoes were marketed. \- -The rainfall here in -July totalled 1*92 inch, and for the first seven, months of the year 17'92; inches. Iisstyear 2*70 inches fell in July,and 20'93 mohes in the first seven months. Measurements and particulars of the kilts; for the Mount Gambier Scottish Company were sent to Scotland a few days ago. It will depend on whether they can be made more oheaply there than here if they will be manu facture! there.. The ordinary uniforms will be made by the Adelaide contractors as soon as the tartans, for the trouserB, sent for over a month ago, comes to hand. At a meeting of men on Wednesday evening, ;in the Institute • west room, it was resolved that it was desirable a branch of the Young M-sn's Christian Association should be formed here, arid aCommittee of 15, exclusive of the ministers of the town, who will be members ex-offioio, were appointed, with Mr. K. W. R. Walter as Secretary, to make enquiries as to procuring a suitable - room at a reasonable rent, how many members are likely to be en rolled for a start, to reoommend a rate of sub scription, etc.The meeting suggested 5s for members under 21 years, and 10s for members over that age. Mr. H. Phillips, of the Ade laide Y.M.C. A., who was present, gave a good deal, of helpful information as to its. working, and read a congratulatory telegram from tbat body. It is to be hoped the movement will be successful, although there are many who are doubtful. -On Wednesday afternoon the new cheese and batter factory at Yahl, ereoted for the Yahl Co-operative Cheese and Cutter Com pany, was opened.. The directors and a num ber of shareholders met at the factory, and after having made an inspeotion of the factory enjoyed a little speeobifyingand refreshments. The building is situated in the centre of one of the best dairying localties in the district. It is partly of weather-boards and partly of iron. The separator room is 30ft. by 12ft., the cheese making room 30ft. by 16ft., the cellar 30ft. by 14ft., and the engine room 24ft. by 16fb. The contractor for the building was Mr. J. Wright, of Mount "Gambler, and the machinery was fitted up by Mr. W. W. Dew, of Mount Gambier. It consists of a Tangye boiler of Shorse power, a 4-horse Tangye engine, a 100 gallon Alexandra cream separator, a rotary churn--of 2001b. capacity, an 801b. butter worker, vats, aud other accessories suitable for the requirements of the business. Mr. E. Frost, formerly manager at Yahl for the Mount Gambier Cheese aud Butter Com pany, has been ai>pointed manager. It is not intended to enter upon cheese making for the present, but butter making was started on Wednesday, wheu 330 gallons of milk were received. The faotory was declared open by Mr. C. EL S3. Williams, the Chairman of the Direotors, who stated in the course of his remarks that so far the number of shares taken up was 556, on whioh £436 had been paid. The direotors had already spent in buildings and plant about £700. The balance of the capital would be called up immediately. He afterwards formally started the machinery, after which refreshments, provided by several ladies, were partaken of. The Mount Gambler Institute Trustees have 1 resolved to oo-oporate in making the town exhibition in connection with the Associated Institutes a success as far as they can. They nave also resolved to proceed with the enlarge ment of the west room, and let the question of the enlargement of the hall, which'has been agitated of late, stand over for the present. It has been extremely wintry during the week, bnt since yesterday the weather has moderated. August has started well. So far there has bBen 57 pointBof rain. ' The Mount Gambier West District Oouocil, hampered for want of money, have increased their assessment by about £12,000. It was last year £18,02G 10s. They anticipate a lively time on appeal day, for District Council rate payers were ever conservative in these things, holding that "whatever is is right." On Friday morning a man named Robert Henley, aged about 50 years, who had been for mauy years a station cook, was found dead in bed at the Commercial Hotel. He had one of the bones in his leg broken on rnoe day and was staying at the hotel until sufficiently re covered to get about again. The cause of death was hearb disease. Latterly he had been sta tion cook at Mingbool. The annual meeting of the Mount Gambier Chess Club was held on Thursday evening. The balance-sheet was a satisfactory one. Mr. A. Loutit was re- elected president, Messrs. J. A. Engelbreoht, F. Lester, and D. Reily were re- elected Committee, and Mr. J. Pascoe hon. secretary. It was resolved, with the view of encouraging the interest in chess to procure a challenge shield or cup, wortii £10 or more, to be competed for by South-Eastem clubs only. Some fool has been acting the ghost here for several nights, but now that some people—be knows not who—are waiting for him with charged shot guns it is understood he has dropped his pianks. Acting the ghost is a decidedly dangerous game. The final statemenb of assets in connection with the bazaar held here lately for the In dian Famine Fund shows that the net pro- i coeds were £116 9s., which has been sent for ward. The Imperial Football Club defeated tbe Federal Club on Wednesday afternoon by 10 goals 18 behinds (78 points) to 1 goal 2 behinds (8 points). The first eompetition for a new trophy, value £3 3s., presented to the Mount Gambier Gun Club, was held on Wednesday afternoon. The winner was Mr. F. J. Stobie. The trophy mast be won twice by the same competitor be fore it becomes hie property. The animal meeting of the Mount Gambier Infantry Company was held on Thursday evening, under the presidency of Lieutenant Heaver, the commanding officer. The balauoe sbeet showed that after expending £54 9s. 2d. daring the year a credit balanoe of £27 5>. lOd. remained. The Chairman, delivered a verbal report of the year's proceedings and the present position of the Company. In Ootober last, when ho took command after Capt. Howland and a good many members of the Company bad been eeleoted for South Africa, there were only 57 on the roll; now there were 103. Five matches against other clubs had been fired during the year, and all were won by this company's teams. Tfaeenbsoription was fixed at 5s per member for the year. Sergeant Addems was re-elected hon. secretary and Corporal Dodd hon. treasurer. A committee of seven, exclu sive of the officers, hon. treasurer, and hon.secre tary, who were members ex officio, wereeleoted. Private T. P. Burton, who returned last week from South Africa invalided, received a' cordial welcome to his old company. Sergt. Peacock and Priv. Lewis were re-elected auditors. Capt. Moore and Privs. Holtje and Lewis were re-elooted hsndicappers for the Company as one of the Moorak trophy handi cappers. His Excellency has replied to the Agricul tural and Horticultural Society's invitation to the Spring Show regretting his inability to accept it, as all his arrangements for October are fixed. The Agricultural and Horticultural Society do not intend to have a continental on show night as last year.' Mr. Wilson-Forbes Dramatic Oozr pany are coming to pi ay "Caste" on that evening for the benefit of the Society. Mr. Kempe has declined the invitation to judge certain classes of sheep at the ehow, but Mr. D: Forbes will'judge cattle and Mr.Jar, Duncan draught horses. Mr.G. R. Maidment, of Hindznarsh Island, is to be asked to judge longwoole; Mr. Cope, of Mount Barker, poul try; - •_ Mr. : T. MoMahon, - of Narraooorte, machinery. A tender was accepted for the ereotion of 10 new Cattle pens. They will, oost £2 10s each exclusive of the gates. Fight garden seats are to be ordered to be placed in front bftha grand stand. 