: ? ? \ OUR FIRE STATIONS. A MAGNIFICENT DISPLAY, Of the many elaborate decorative displays which will mark the inauguration of the Commonwealth few will excel in point of artistic beauty, those which Superintendent Webb and bis men have arranged at he Metropolitan fire stations. Indeed, it would be difficult to imagine anything more pictuesque than the festooning of the bead station in Castlereagh-street. The engine-room has been turned into a veritable bower of beauty. There is a wealth of color, agreeably Interspersed with appropriate mottoes, -which is atractive in the extreme. At one of the side entrances a trans parency representing a fireman fighting his way into a burning building occupies a conspicuous position upon the wall, and this, when illumi nated, shows to considerable advantage. It stands ouffrom the myriad of Japanese fans and um brellas,: flags and banneretes, which 'extend the whole length of the wall, cad in the midst of which, at convenient distances, the Imperial coat of arms and another transparency are tastefully tricked out. The latter represents a steamer in charge of firemen, who have received an urgent call to duty. In the hose carriage room, at the end, native weapons, curios, and dresses, which have been placed at the disposal of the brigade by the Hon. John Macintosh, M.L.C., are displayed round the' walls: while in the cettre of the apartment is a fountain in full spray, tne Dasin surrounding it containing an excellent collection of goldfish- A piano has been placed in one of the corners of the room, and here the men and their friends occasionally make merry with music and song. Of course, it goes without saying that their little convivi alities are not permitted to interfere with the buriness of the station. The arches which ex tend from the main -wall to the folding doors in front have been covered with pleated art mus lin of red, white, and blue, and from this ma terial, which has been most tastefully arranged, hang innumerable Chinese lanterns. On either side of the stable doors there is a mould of the British lion, while over the. doors themselves is a bust of the late Sir Henry Parkes. Upon the base of the bust appear the words 'Father of the Federation.' There are in close prox imity busts of the Quden and the Prince Consort, and behind these is a transparency representing Australia. Several shields, containing mottoes, such as 'One People, One Destiny,' also find a place in the decorations at this particular spot. Upon the wall which separates the engine-room from the watchroom the Australian coat of arms (has prominence given it, the waratahs, flannel flowers and Christmas bells being very artistically worked in. Close to the window of the watchroom is what might be termed a mini ature aquarium, while immediately overhead is an ornithological collection of a very interesting character. The watchroom itself has not been neglected in the way of display, for here a pretty effect has been secured per medium of the de corative material .which the men have liberally employed in their work. Conspicuous amongst the decorations' here is the Hopetoun coat of arms, which is surrounded by glittering sword bayonets to represent the rising sun. The space between the stables and the billiard-room has been turned into a conservatory of the most attractive description, staghorns, ferns, and delicate pot plants being placed upon stands of virgin cork in such a position es to receive the refreshing sprays of a fountain which is continually kept in play. The billiard-room, too, has come in for a little attention, and, in fact, there is scarcely a part of the building, either inside or out, that has not in some way or another been made to look bright. For this hap py result the superintendent and his men, who received a little assistance from the architects of the Fire Brigades' Board, deserve every credit, and, while the decorations have been carried out on the most elaborate scale, it is worthy of note that they do not impede in the slightest the work of the station. It was after an inspection of the building' in its festive dress that a company of press representatives, at the invitation of Mr. Webb, on Wednesday, drove to the other metro politan stations, No. 2, situated in George-street West, being the first to come under notice. Here District- officer Ford explained what had been ef fected by himself and the men, and, indeed, this was hardly necessary, for a glance convinced one of the amount of labor which must have been be stowed upon the adornment of the station. It is of the most gratifying character. There are pic tures painted by the men to represent a rescue scene at a fire, then there are counter present ments of Kitchener and Baden-Powell, which oc cupied prominent positions amongst a profusion of flags, bannerets, fans, and lanterns.'' In the en gine-room there is a head in plaster of tbe Queen, ?with, a figure to represent one of her soldiers on guard. Windsor Castle is also depicted, in con nection with which is an admirable bust of her Majesty, surrounded by busts of Roberts, Kit chener, Powell, and Buller. Another interesting picture is that representing the landing of Cap tain Cook at Botany Bay. To give greater effect to this scene a fountain is set in play, and this .secures the end aimed at. An interesting relic of the 'vessel in which Cook made his journey to these shores is a piece of the wood of which the Endeavor was built, and which, it was explained, 'had been for upwards of 100 years at the bottom of Dusky Bay.'' In addition to the decorations mentioned, there are Australian coats-cf-arms and a picture to represent Britannia landing upon our shores with an infant in her arms to illustrate the Commonwealth. Among the mottoes displayed around the walls are 'Welcome to Our Boys,' 'Success to the Commonwealth,' 'Our Comrades Over the Sea,' 'One Empire, One Destiny,' and 'God Bless Australia.' One of the most attractive of the decorations is what is called the Hopetoun Avenue. It is a bower com posed entirely of a bright green foliage, and con taining some very fine ferns and palms. At the end of the avenue there is a fountain, from which a constant stream of water is flowing. The next station visited was the one situated in Australia street, Newtown. Here Station-Officer Graham and his men have succeeded is presenting a very original display. There is attached to one of the walls a picture of the Tugela, while in a re cess there is disclosed a representation of Majuba and one of Laing's Nek, in the vicinity of which is a miniature military camp. There are figures of Kruger and the Godess of War {a somewhat incongruous brace), and some interesting war relics. On either side of the recess are pic tures of' the Lancers and red coats in action. Outside the building presents a gay appearance, one of the features of the arrangements being a picture of the Queen signing the Commonwealth Bill, with Sir Henry Parkes's ghost on one side, and Barton and Chamberlain on the other. At No. 7 Station, ' which Is situated in Stanmore-road, Marrickville, District Officer Lang and his men have made a' brave show. The front of the station is dressed with a profusion of foliage, and innumerable fairy lamps and shields. Of course there are flags, bannerets, and Chinese lanterns, wreaths of poppies and a num ber of palms and ferns. There are several Christmas and Commonwealth mottoes, which are prominently displayed. At the Alexandria sta tion the same brigbt mass of color was in- evi dence, shields, bannerets, and flags, interepereed with ornamental flowers and plants, being liber ally employed in tbe decoration. Station Officer G. H. Dadd and his men are to be. congratulated upon the effect they have produced. At the Redfern etation, where Mr. Holman is in charge, the electric light has been brought into play, the local council supplying the power. On one ot ths walls are a couple of plaster shields, the cen tre piece being a clever arrangement of sword bayonets, the hilts of which form a pretty cir cle. The whole is displayed upon an' immense Union Jack, perhaps the largest there is in the city!. There are a couple of medallions of the Queen, the Royal coat of arms/ and a model of tbe lighthouse at South Head. - District Officer Gorman and iiis men at Paddington are not be hindhand in their .display, which is beyond all question a. very fine one. The front of the build ing has^a collection of fairy lamps, lanterns, and shields, 'some of which are extremely pretty. In side there is the Imperial co%t of arms, and the walls and arches have been covered with art mus lin, arranged in pleats. 'Welcome Federation,' 'One Destiny, One People,' and 'Hail to Our New-born Nation' are amongec the mottoes that are lettered in the engine and watch rooms. At one of the side entrances is a rockery, with a, fountain in the centre, and this is intended to be' permanent. At the Woollahra Station, which Is situated in Moneur-street, a, good deal of trouble has been taken by Mr. Parsons and bis men to secure an effective display. That they have suc ceeded in their task a glance at their work is only needed to convince. They hUve arranged several lines of fairy lamps outside tbe bonding, which, like the others, 1b cay wltli flags; while Inside there is a man of color, which to studded with terns and palms, with here and there a Japanese . fan or umbrella. At tbe Darlinghurat Station the company was received by Station Officer Lee and bis men, whose deco rations are not lew noteworthy than the others. The facade of tbe building is prettily decorated with fairy lamps and flags, while icslde there is a profusion of foliage cad a mass of decorative material which has served to drape tbe walls, upon which several appropriate mottoes have been placed. There is a bust of the Queen in the watch room, and a couple of flower stands of rustic beauty* At the Circular Quay ' Station District Officer Watson and his men have struck out in a somewhat different way. They nave arranged in a recess at the side of the building near the stables a fountain surrounded by a ba sin, wherein a turtle, which is not quite so large as the one De Rougemont claims to nave floated on, disports itself within its very limited space, and this, as might be. expected, creates a good deal of attention. The shields here are of especial beauty, and contain the portraits of our ; leading generals. Across the main wall of tbe building is displayed in bold lettering the Miltonic phrase. 'Peace bath her victories no less n nowned than war.' The North Sydney Station, where Mr. Cutts has charge, also presents a very festive appearance, and the decorations bere in clude some very attractive shields, upon which are illustrations of fire-extinguishing appliances. The whole of the decorations are extremely artis tic. 