THE EVANGELICAL. COUNCIL?. A letter that has occasioned a considerable sensation appeared in the papers last week. It ie from the Revs; Dill-Macky, Ébeneza Price and F. Colwell, and represents reso- lutions passed on Thursday by the Evange- lical Council as follows 1\. That this council notes that at the opening of St. Mary's Roman Catholic Cathedral on Sunday, his Excellency the Governor attended in his official capacity as representative of her Majesty the Queen, and was; accompanied by their Excellencies the Governors of Queensland and New Guinea, wno also sccenaea m omciai costume and. style. The council, also notes that his Worship the Mayor and other official per-' sonages are also reported to have been pres- ent in their official capacities. - 2\. That on that occasion j and in the. presence of his Excellency, the appointed" preacher (Dr. Redwood) is reported to have said : " The leaders and- founders of Pro- testantism, Luther, Calvin,- Zwinglius, etc.,. were notorious for their vices." .... "Protestantism '? covereiLJSurope with blood and ruins in the sixteenth century, and has ever since been .the helper and instrument of the worst foes of Christianity. It desecrated' the home, it polluted the nuptial bed, it lowered tbe dignity of womanhood, it devas- tated the school,-and stopped the progress of science." . . . "In fine, neither Protest-, ants nor Greek schismatics have shown that the action of the Holy Ghost <is.'with them. Their ministers have no lawful mission, and they cannot say that they have been sent by Jesus' Christ." . . . . " Have they (the Protestant denominations) any of the marks pf the true Church unity, sanctity, catholic- ity and apostolicity ? Surely, not." 3\. The council notes that, so far as is reported, these words were listened to with- out protest by her Majesty's representatives. It regards these statements as. a direct calumny on her Majesty as the most illus- trious member of the Anglican. Church, to which the preacher, specially .referred, and ion. all ..her -subjects of the Protestant faith ; .'»nd In 'listening to them without protest his Excellency and other public officials present were made to appear to be parties to an attack upon the faith held by her Majesty and an . overwhelming majority,, of her English-speaking subjects. 4\. The council regards the statements made with reference to the pollution pf thé nuptial bed and the desecration of the home as an implication of personal immorality: on the part of members of the Protestant com- munions. The council, therefore, feels' 8lrongly*that by his action on the occasion his Excellency permitted, and was made to appear to sanction an act of dishonour to her Majesty and ber co-religionist8.jp these realms ; and therefore desires to express in the most public way it6 disapproval and reprobation of the same. 5\. The council would also point out that by her Majesty's oath her Majesty's attendance at tbe Mass is precluded, and it i?, therefore, ä 'matter of surprise that her representative in New South Wales should have done that which her Majesty herself is by oath, dis- allowed from doing. , DEATH BY BURNING.-On Friday last a tbree-vear-old son of Mr. W. Prindable, of the Orara, formerly of Waterview, was severely burned through his clothes catching fire. He approached the fire too closely and his clothes became ignited, and before the fire could he extinguished he was badly burned about the hody. The poor little fellow lingered till Sunday, when he succumbed to his injuries. Mr. O'Sullivan says that the Government proposes that the North Shore Bridge 'shall be constructed from Dawes to M'Mahon'e Points. . In connection with :the Gre^t Western Tasmania .Railway scheme a reorganising syndicate with £20,000 bas been formed to make contractors Burvey the line, and em- ploy, two hundred men preliminary to con-' ?truction. ~i ... ? 