k GREAT WRONG; OE, THE MT8TSBT Of BLACK HOLLOIF GBANGE. CHAPTER XVIU, — Coxxonra ' Well, Donald, what news do yon bring?" questioned Doctor Nugent from the little table where he was busily engaged preparing powders fcr Ambrose, who lay in the ad joining chamber, not dead, bat utterly un- conscious. Donald eat down, and began to rnb bis horny hands above the blazing hearth. "Bad enough news, doctor," be replied- Tfaey couldn't find the lass, Isabel, and the squire died yesternight, jest after the dark." " Gone is be 2 Well, I knew he'd never Tally again, when I left the house, " the doc tor answered. " Lord bless as, Donald, what a power of mischief these fair-faced, rattle brained girls bring about I" "Ay, ay, sir 1" responded Donald, hear tily. "If that girl bad remained at home. in stead of running off to her train, poor Mel ville would be alive to-day." " And to think of Ambrose, my poor, hand some lad," tbe mother .began to whimper, 11 as might bare been her husband this morning—" " Hush !M interrupted Donald, sternly. " D'ye want such a rash girl for the lad's wife, dame ? Better for him to be lying as be is than yoked to tbe likes of her- Do you think the lod'll get over it, doctor ?" the father continued, his voice unsteady. " Certainly he will. Who ever heard of a broken arm, and a cracaed cranium, and % cracked cranium, aud a stab or two, killings big six-footer like Ambrose ? He'll ronse up after a bit. Now, L'dgivea pretty penny to get at tbe bottom of this mystery. What could hava been jfoiog on at the old manor I And what took 'Ambrose there that night ?" Donald shook bis bead, and bis wife whis pered in an awed voice : " The manor's hannted, doctor, and it were all alight the night o' Ambrose's wed ding. The murdered lady comes back " \- Pooh 1 pooh 3 yon 6illy woman ! There was something besides ghosts at the manor ; it took flesh and blood to give the lad them ugly holes in his side. How did the old place look this morning, Donald — was all guiet ?" " All quiet, air," replied the seaman, ad. ding, In a sort of awed whisper, "bat the aog s there yet The doctor wheeled in his chair. ' There yet 1 Well, ,'nosr, Donald, that's confounded strange 1 Whit can keep the beast np there 7" Donald shook his bead again, with grave solemnity. "That I can't say, doctor," ho replied. but there he is, and there he'll stay, inspite of yon. Didn't we fetch him home jester day, and back he went like a flash 1 He was on the terrace as 1 came by, and when called to him he gave a cry that was hnman He's feund something, doctor — there's no mis- Sake about thai !" "Found what, man 7 Wasn't the old honse searched yesterday I I was over there myself. It was as empty as a dram ; not even a stray ghost in sight." ' So they told me ; but the dog found lomething all the same. I have every confi. dence in that dog. Somewhere, in that old house, there's a human creature hia, 1 'm sore if it." "Fatherf" It was the voice of Ambrose that billed. Donald leaped to his feet as if a ballet had itrack him, and made for tie adjoining room, followed by the doctor and bis wife. Ambrose wag sitting np in bed. a look of eager intelligence on his white, haggard face. " What was that yon were saying abont the dog, father ?" he asked, as Donald reached him. "Is he watching at the old manor 1' " That's it, lad," replied the lather, jay. ing his hand upon his head, while bis rugged frame shook with repressed emotion ; ' the dog's np there. Bat my son, 1 am glad to see you getting better." The mother fell on her knees by tne bed, and began to weep noisily, while the doctor proceeded to mix a composing draught with Bli possible speed. " fether, I'm gsttiagliettefT" AsibtotQ continued. How long have I been eick T How did I get home ? L can't quite remem ber." " We found yon op there, dead, as we toougnt, and ictcned yon homey my lad, sobbed Donald. "Yes, yes— yon found me at the manor, you mean. There, father, pray don't worry, father, I'm all right. How long since yon found mc — " " 'Twas tester morn, Ambrose— Wednes day morn." " And this is Thursday i Yes j and the dog's there yet 7" " There yet, Ambrose." "Here, you drink this .young man," inter- posed Doctor Nugent, preferring hisdraught, " and lie back upon your pillows and keep your body quiet, and your tongue, too 1" Ambrose swallowed the draught, but did not follow the little doctor's advice, " Doctor, am I much hurt 1" be asked. " Well, quite seriously ; but I'll have you on your feet in a fortnight — " " Nonsense I I must go out to-day, at once 1" Tbe doctor only laughed. " Father," said the young man, turning his haggard face toward Donald, "get out tbealeigb and harness Black Bess. I must go up to the Haunted Manor, at once." The father shook his head disapprov ingly. "I must go," Ambrose continued ' to satisfy my own eyes— to see what tbe dog has found. There was a woman there," his white face flushing swiftly, "I heard ber. She may be there now, father. I must go and see I Will you go with me J" " A woman I" shrieka the dame, wringing her hands. " He's seen tbe murdered Isdy's ghost. Oh, my poor Ambrose, enticed into that awful plaee on bis wedding night, and cheated of bis bonny bride." "Silence !" commands the doctor, sternly. " Not a word more, if you value his life. Youug man," he continues, ' if you're not a lunatic, you won't talk of leaving your bed in a week, much less leaving the house. The haunted manor was searched yesterday by the proper authorities, and not a soul found. Doubtless you were decjed into a trap of some Bort." " Spare your words, doctor, please," smiles the young patient, "and mix me a strength- ening draught like an obliging fellow. Here mother, help me into my clothes ; and, father, hurry with the sleigh, will you f Gracious heavens," be goes on, leaping sud denly oat of bed, and standing tall and reso lute and haggard in their midst; "a day aud a night I've been lying here already, and ebe may be dead or dying I For mercy's sake, father, be quick," " Do tbe best you can for him, doctor, - whispers Donald, as be goes out to harness Black Bess. " There is not a bit of use op posing him ; he'll go, if he crawls on his hands and knees." " Mere fool he," growls the doctor, pro ceeding to prepare the draught, " I washmy hands of the whole business. Nevertheless, being a humane and obliging man at heart ; when he finds that his pa tient really will go. Doctor Nugent accom panies him. " 'Tis a judgment sent upon me and him for the wickedness il've done," moans the wife of Donald, standing in the cottage door, as Black Bea starts oil, all her silver bells ringing a merry peal. "Look at him now, my handsome lad, that I thought to see Isa bel's husband, well nigh murdered, and hia brain crazed, and it the work of tbem wicked souls aB baunt the old manor! 'Tis a judg ment on me; bat leant tell. I can't break Donald's heart, and he a bappy man so many years. I've kept the secret so far, and I'll carry it to my grave." " Look 1 there's the dog on the (space steps," cries Donald as they reach the main gate. Ambrose leans forward and watches tits animal as he comes fiving down to meet tbem. What li it, my good dog 7" he calls. At sound oi ms masters voice toe aoggoes into ecstasies, leaping upon the seat, and licking the yonng man's hands, then with a wild, peculiar cry he ia off again in the di rection of tbe manor. "We must follow him, father," says Am brose, quietly. " Give me your hand — I'm very stiff and sore." « You'll find yourself worse than stiff, boy, to-morrow," grumbles the doctor, as Donald assists his son j " and no one to blame but yourself." Ambrose only smiles in his quiet, reso lute way, and, fastening Black Bess io« poet, - the three go on abreast, following the dog's lead. As they reach tbe terrace the little doctor looks up with some awe at the gray front of the silent house. He does not relish the I undertaking at all, though he feels none of tbe superstitions dread that curdles Donald's blood. "Weshall find ourselves in a nest of thieves or counterfeiters, and get our heads smashed for our rashness," he matters. But Ambrose takes no heed, and they goon. Straight into the manor, down tbe the dim, resounding hall, and np the dusty stairs the dog leads, leaping on with wild, frantic barks that seem fraught with human entreaty. The old house ia as silent as a tomb, as cold and as cheerless under ita winding sheet of snow. Not s sound greets them, not even a stray mouse crosses their way. Up the silent stairs, on and on down the dreary length of tne long corridor, until they reach the old library-room, which opens inte the black draped ante-chamber. Ambrose follows the dog with steadT resolute steps, though bis face is awfully white and his breathing sharp and short, and his father and the doctor follow him. In the library, where tbe dust-laden floor is stained here sn i there with drops of blood, the dog pauses, with a long, wild cry, then be leaps into the auts-room and disap pears. The three men follow him breathlessly, and find him under the tattered b:ack arras scratching at tbe solid oaken panels ' "What is it, my good dog?" cries Ambrose, tearing awaj the somber draperv, his face flushing with eager excitement The poor dumb creature tries hard to telL He leaps to his master and caresses him, and then throws himself against the panels uttering plaintive crie9. ' "There's some creature hid about here!" remarks Donald. "Ay, father," Ambrose answers, "that tbere is. Here, my good dog, where is he 7 Show me where.1' The dog throws . himself against the central panel with wild force and frantic cries. " The dog's mad," growls Doctor Nngent ; " and you are as white as a ghost, Ambrose. Come away, Donald ; we've had enough of this folly." "Go if yon like, doctor," Ambrose answers, curtly. "I sball remain. Father, can there be a secret passage anywhere bere, think you 7 Some of these old borderdwellings had them, you know." 'I never heard of one in this house," Donald replies, tapping on the oaken boards. " Then, what does the dog mean, father?" Donald shakes his head, in dire per plexity. Ambrose stoops had proceeds to examine thepanels, every crack, and joint, and crevice; but to no purpose. His broken am and wounded limbs pain him terribly, and he begins to grow sick and dizzy; but some strange feeling within him, prompts him to stay. " I wish we had an axe," Ambrose says ; "I'd bnrst tbese panels in. There mnst be something behind tbem. Suppose you let me rest a bit, father, and you drive over to Do- tham's and get an axe 1 Dotbam will come with you, too, and he'sastoat fellow, I wish you would, father I" Doctor Nngent gives utterance to an ex clamation, that we will refrain from record ing, and stalks out of the black curtained ante-room, in bigb indignation; but Donald, who has indulged and obeyed his handsome son all bis life long, answers hesi tatingly : " If I thought yon could bear it, Ambrose; but you look so white and ill — " " I can bear it, father — my will always was the etronnest part of me," the young man oriiSB- " Keep me in suspense and donbL end 1 11 go Into s brain "fever before midnight. I must get at the bottom of this — you'll go, father, to oblige mc ?" Donal 1 turns to go, but he is barely out of iuUU) re UCU n SUtil CAblilUiallUU AlUUi UiO son causc6 hi in to hurrv backs " Good heavens, father I look here!" the young man cries, bis fingers on a tiny steel spaik imbedded in tbe solid oak. u Can tbis tiling be a secret spring?" As be speaks he presses on tbe shining point with all the might that excitement has Idut him ; and io J with a sharp click tbe spring mores, aud tbe oaken panel slides aside, revealing a yawning aperture, which looks to tbe amazed eyes of Donald like tbe mouth of the bottomless pit. Tbedog leaps upon his master with frntie cries of joy. Ambrose strokes his bead, but it is a full minute before be can speak, so great is bis excitement. ' You are right, my brave dog,"ihe gasps at last ; tl you haven't led us here for nothing 1 Heavens, how bJack it is below tbere! Shout, father; perhaps someone will answer. Ican't command my voice yet." Donald drew near tbe aperture, bis face white and awed, bis knees shaking under him. "Halloo ! Who's below there?11 be shouted, lustily. A minute of breathless silence, and then, from some subterranean depths below, came a feeble voice in answer. Ambrose leaped to his feet with a cry o! triumph. u Father, did you bear it ? A human voice — a woman's voice. It is slu. For Heaven's ske,'let me go down quick. Only think, 6be has been down there a day and a night Let me go 1" "Ambrose, are you mad?'1 cried Ins father, attempting to hold him back. But tbe young man half beside himself in his eagerness aud excitement, eladed his grasp, and leaped through tbe aperture, into what he fancied to be a sort of passage that would lead him to a dsecending stair way. Bat the instant his feet touched the dusty flooring beyond, there was a 6ort of rasping sound, and swift as thought, as if by tbe woraing of some unearthly magic, the solid foundations gave way beneath him, and the trap-door, on which he stood, shot rapidly downward, hurling him headlong into the black pit below. CHAPTER SIX. I IUH FELLOWSHIP BEGETS IiOTB. j The Highland storms had blown them selves out; and on the hills where the snows were meltingj ;aud: in sheltered moorland nooks, where the fitful sunshine fell, the ' tender green of springing grasses could be 1 seen. - . ' ; In the old cottage-home, with the bleat ing Iambs and tbe -kids about its doors, Am" brose Gerbart still lay, weak and powerless as a babe. VfiFj near unto death had he been — so near, that those lprcd him best, had kissed his white lips, as they believed, for the last time, and shed tears of bitter agony over his unconscious bead. Yet be still lived, and the early spring sunshine, streaming through the casement; fell tenderly on his worn face and clustering hair. - Whether the genial influence of the yellow sunbeams, or something more subtle, penetrated his stunned senses, we know not; but hia eyes slowly opened, and wandered from one object to another, with a sort o! childish wistfuiness, resting at last upon the lace ol the woman who sat watching beside his pillow. 6 - The sick man's waiy eyes reposed repos this lace, illumined as it was by the riotyoi the setting sun, and to him it seemed the face of an angel. Tnrongh all his hours of bitter pain thi» sweet presence had been near him: when tbe ntf death ofony- plntehed his heart and hi i feet touched the brink of the ehiil river, thV woman's tender touch had lured him bad to Ufe; the soft breath of her smiling mouth, the divine pity of her tender eyes, had soothed and strengthened him, even i» his unconsciousness. He looked up at her, as he lay there fceblt and powerless, and the light of a love thai was deathless kindled in his eyes. He put forth his hand sad touched hex sleeve. " You are a stranger; I do not even know your name," he whispered, "but your face -u-Uke en-Angells. I tnink y our presence has saved my life. Will you syoak to me V She started from her sett, a lovely flush flaming in ber cueeks. " Thank Heaven !'' she cried, bending above his pillow, her sweet eyes swiunniug with tears, that Emile upon hersweet mouth - which a woman gives only to tbe man she loves once ana for ever, "l'ou will live!" " I sball lire. You have saved me." " Nay, say not so," her siiken touch upon his forehead, "it was you who saved my life aud risked your own — well-nigh lost it. It was your presence on that stormy night that frightened off my enemies, and gave me the opportunity to escape. But I win not tuank you now, you are too weak to hear mc. liriuk this and sleep." ile drinks the draught she proffers, and with her soft fingers on his brow amid hia hair, he faiu> asleep, utterly oblivious o Al, things, of the whole world save thia one sweet woman and the love he bears Ler. Miss Lenore they call her in Donald's household, and as yet she has told them no thing of her life or the man who treated her witu such fiendish inhumanity, and ab sorbed as they have been ia their solicitude for Ambrose, they hare not cared to ask. For weeks she has lived in the Highland cottage, shut in from the world and all her troubles by tbe white circle of the. Scottish Jiills. dreauiiag a sweet dream, learning for tbe first time in all her proud life that les son which sooner or later comes to every i woman, tbe lesson of love. Miss Trevetbon, the proud telle of Lon don, tbe brilliant heiress whom no man could win, sits beneath the peiked roof of the Highland eottage, her eves luminous with an infinite tenderness as tbey rest upon the white, pain-worn face of this man, who has served her, aud saved her life, and won her woman's heart — won it, too, with out the asking, and he tbe con of a sailor and a goat-herd, and she the descendant of 4< a hundred earls." Her cheeks name and ber proud bosom swells as some such thought crosses her brain, and she rises qaickly and descends to the kitchen, where the mother of Ambrose is busy with preparations for tbe evening meal. Sbe looks up with rattier a sullen brow at Miss Trevethon's entrance. Sbe is a good, kindly creature, this dark-browed Highland dame, but she cannot forgive this fair, patri cian lady, who has been tbe cause of so much trouble. But for ber, instead of lying at the door of death, all maimed and crip pled, Ambrose might be the happy husband of little Isabel. She looks up, fiftd nnvr unsmiling, but she draws forward tbe best chair and proffers it to her gacst. "Sit down, Miss Lenore, if ye won't mind the smell of the cooking ; and there's the papers, Donald fetched 'cm from the post town, a while ao ; a heap of 'em tbere is. He were an oncomison reader, the poor l&d;, and laid out every spare penny for the papers, and sow he may never look at 'cm airain, and they're a-lying here for bim. It is bard to bear." Lenore sits down, an unwonted flush on her cheeks, a tender brightness in her eyes. " res, it is hard,! know, for a mother's heart to bear," she answers, softly : " yet I think you may take bope now, for your son is surely better. He spoke to me a minute since, and X left him in a sweet sleep." The mother glances up from tbe venison steak ebe is preparing, her brow still clouded. Ambrose has spoken to her, this pretty, dainty creature I Even if be lives, ba will 6urely iearn to love her, and she will lure bim into foreign land6. And he might have wedded little Isabel, and lired and died amid bis native hills. These are tbe bitter thoughts that fill her mind as she cuts the red, iBl9j«teAlc, MewwhileXenore unfolds ebe papers «od giaacee over tbem listlessly. Her heart la not with tbe great, gay world she has left, but with the man who lies under the neaked roof overhead. Glancing carelessly a startling announce ment catches her eye. It comes, under the head of " Marriages in High Life," and an nounces to the proud Belgravian world, and to all others concerned, tbat Miss Lenore Trevetbon, the beauty, tbe belle, the heiress, was privately married, in compliance with her own wish, to Richmond Trevetbon, son and heir of her guardian, Sir Geoffrey Treve tbon, of Lyndith Hall, and the happy young conple have gone to Home for their honey moon ; and thence for an indefinite tour, the bride'e precarious and failing health requir ing the balm and warmth of southern isles and tropical seas. She reads this, her cheeks whitening, her blue eyes flashing darkly, her proud heart heaving. But in one swift moment her emo tion passes. What does it matter? Even this caanot move her, so great is her present coutent. She will let her vengeance re6t ; she will bide her time. Even if sbe were cut off forever from her name and her birth right, it seems a light grievance in the gloryifying rapture of her new joy. She un derstands tbe old phrase, " All for love, and the world well lost." She throws the paper aside, her eyce growing mistily tender, as she looks up at the mother of the man who has suffered so much for her sake. " He 16 better," she repeats with a strange girlish timidity ; "and, thank Heaven, I am sure be will live now. It would have been endless misery to me if he had died. I owe him such a debt of gratitude I could never have known another peaeefol hoar if harm had come to him. 11 Ay, it would have been bitter if he had died," repeats tbe peasant woman. "It is bitter enough as it is, to see him on his back, all crippled for life, perhaps, aud be is iu the prime of his youth and strength, and to think it was his wedding-night when he was de coyed to tbat awful Haunted Manor." Miss Trevetbon felt all the blood in her body surging in a fiery torrent to her heart. 4 His wedding-night,1 she said, her voice faltering. "Ay, his wedding-night, and his bride the nrfittiest lass in the crmnfv. H7in hrinoina him a snug dowry besides." " Miss Trevetbon rises to her feet, white to the lips, despite all her dauntless pride and self-command. In all ber life, in ber direst peril, when she crouched in that black, reek ing tomb, with a lingering death her only hope of rescue, she felt no euchria,ixowid3 dumb despair as she now feels. But she 'sets her white teeth hard clenches her hands. She will die rather betray her weakness. ; (TO SB CONTTNTJSD.) 