THE TWO BACHELORS. A DOMESTIC EXPERIMENT. A LANCASHIRE STORY. By John Garnett Leigh. When Amos Green and Thomas Bald -is-tle tried their famous experiment, the village looked upon it with keen interest.. Certainly it was a novelty for two bachelors to attempt house keeping. Amos had " walked out" with Jenny Fairhurst for ten years; the cinders on the canal-bank knew them well by this time; the hedges at Wil lingtou Green, stunted and begrimed with coal-dust, had seen them pass night by night. But difficulties arose, in the shape of Jenny's father, broad of shoulder, strong of fist, whereas Amos was lean and small. " When art the' goain' wed my daugh tor?" asked the fond parent. "Same day as she weds me," an ac curate, if impertinent, reply. ' TIo'H put up th' askin's on Sunday, or I'll punch thy head." " Then, Bill Fairhurst, tha'll punchl my head."' It was a daring challenge, and at once taken up, and at the same time Amos Green was very much taken down. After so affectionate tan Inter view, Amos could not be expected to keep up his fondness for Jenny. So the cinders knew them no more; the hedges bore their nightly disappointment cou rageously; and Jenny showed evidence of an unbroken heart by at once accept ing Thomas Baldwistle's invitation to explore that end of Willington Green which leads to Willington Common. On three suceessivo nights this was re peated, and Fairhurst, senior, again in trfered. "Tommy," he shouted, as the couple stood at the garden gate in the lengthy task of parting, "The' can come i'side, Tommy-ca'e thee deawn o' t' settle." Tommy was meek and lowly. He obeyed. "Whats thy game?" ' Well, I've hardly thowt on 't yet." -'Look thee here. When I was coort in' Jenny's mother there were no slob= berin' nbeaut it. There were no hand holding' nor kissin', nor shady-lane business. We just made up eaur minds t' get wed, an'-we got wed, se?a? What wer' 'good enoo' for me an' t'other Jenny's good enoo' for yo'.. Th' owd cotfin-maker's heause is empty, an' you' can settle it neaw, or else, as t' prayer-book says, for ever howd thy peace; see?" It was very sudden thought Tommy. Not yet was his mind completely made up, nor yet was the banking-account ,ready for the fatal step, and he hesi tated accordingly. "I'll be a good feyther to thee, Tom my-yo' can come to tea here o' Sun days." In spite of the alluring prospect, Tommy still held himself in check. "An' so long as Jenny comes o' Mondays to help her mother wi't wash in', we can manage witheaut her that's five clear days i' t' wiok for yo'. Yo'I1 get tiret o' one another fast enoo', I reckon, even wi two days short." This gushing generosity affected the ,aitor but indifferently. "'I reckon I'll think it o'er, Billy," he said. "Yeo' can ha' th' owd dresser eaut o' t' wash-heause. It'll do like enoo' for yo'r kitchen, an' Jenny's harmonium's har own. I can do witheaut it at any rooad, what wi' its sereechin' an' its yawniin'. It'll cover t wa', thy knows, an' thou'll ha' to stond wuss nor a har monium i' thy life if 'oo isn't different fro' her mother." To say the least. Tommy's father in prospective was optimistio. Tommy was embarrassed. He had not expected such sudden and over whelmingly generosity. Indeed, he be gan to regret his somewhat impulsive love-making: he wished that young Amos Green had persevered, and thus monopolised the temptation. "Nay, Billy Fair'ist. I've nobbut had shlre walks cant wi' her, an' I'll non wed afoore I knows what I'm gooin' .* wed. but tha's oppened my e'en I'll o ppen thy yed if tha' doesn't Ilcar eati o' this." Tommy fled. It was the end of his runance. and amid his conflicting emo tions he felt a sense of sympathy for his old rival Amos Green. He was tempted to drop in at the Engine-house fRi Willington Green Colliery. where Amos, being on night duty that week. .ould he employed at the winding i.ugine of the new shaft. Perhaps, he thought, out of their fellowship in suf iring they could concoct a scheme to iumiliate that dragon of an impos -ble father-in-law. Ames grunted as Tommy entered, but \Willington Green is a country where courteey is ever frank and outspoken. An' heaw arta gerrin' on wi' Jenny?" "Like thyself, Amos, I'm chucked!" • I reckon her feyther has bin at thee-wi' marriage lines ready for thee an' a'-eh?" ".That's it, Amos, an' a dresser an' a ilarmonium -an' tea o' Sundays, an' t' bargain he had th' heause spotted for us-t' coffin-maker's, no less. He'd da' wed us fhere an' then, if he nobbut ha' bin a preycher." Amos smiled. His rival had received better treatment than a head-punching, but then he had not had ten years' of canal-bank as a make-weight. Thie joys of life were fairly equally divided after all. -'I'd like tek it eaut o him," sighed Tomniy. That set Amos a-thinking. As lihe wound up the hoppit so that the work ers within the shaft miglht grapple with another section of the red-bricked face. he relnpsed into sombre meditation. "t''d be a smart thing to tek t' coff?in-naker's an' live in it eaursel', an' do withenut women a't'gether. Ten peaund apiece 'd buy a two-three sticks for furniture. an' it ' save money then. I could do th' helnuse work while tha' wert on't day-lhift an' then tlha' could when I were. It'd be a lit o' a lark, what losts' ~ny?' To Tnommy's tlinil it seemed at first to be a poor revenge. He had medi tated a physical displhi, a definite and unm;stkanble rengeance which Billy would understand. But when hie rea lised thant in Amos scheme Jenny iher self woull be lhumniliatedl that , possibly, when ?sho saw her dlispensability and the dispensability of all women, she would come back to himi. daring thie wrath of her fire-eating parent, hlie bIegae to see that AmIes suggestion was not without its merits. Theere's t' wahin' all' thi' ironit, to, be thowt on,' he1 hinted. "We cin get. that done for us reet esoo." repliedl Amos. "An' itapper col dds is comin' i't fahlion. besides," hie lcd. linching nlatter iIt a stroke. " It'd Iw a graldely sell for owd Billy if hoosthl on us took t coftin-lmnaker's an' nother oil us took Jenllny." The next dlay Amos iaid a week's rent for that delectable residence known as the " coffin-naker's," and possessed himself of the ponderous key. When Billy heard the news he chuckled within his own heart. It was clear that Amos intended to take the step: that memo rable head-punching had unmistakably succeeded. Billy slapped his daughter on the back. "Tha' con allus trust thy owd foyther," he said. Next day, how ever, Tommy Baldwistle met Billy in the road. " Look here. Billy. will ta' sell th' owrd dresser?" "What for?" "Well. I've taken t' coffin-mnakers. an' I'm gettin' t' sticks ready. an' tha' said it'd just do for t' kitchen." Billy gasped. Both of the-e eena wanted Jenny it was clear. Certainly lie was both a cunning and a discreet parent; he would wait a day or two before he sold the dresser. He waited in vain. however. The coffin-maker's house was freshly papered throughout, and then, to the astonish mnent of everyone, and particularly of Billy Fairhurst. new furniture began to arrive. There was a beautiful dress or with ornate glass knobs; there were half-a-dozen new chairs, quite modern in style and seated with leather, such as no other house inl Willingtbn Green possessed; there were pictures for the walls, two Queens. a marriage of the Prince of Wales, and a portrait of John Bright. Meantime the village spent its spare moments in excited conjecture. Whom did Amos (or Tomnmy) intend to make queen of this well-appointed es tablishment, and which of them was to be bridegroom, and which lodger? The house known as "The Coffin makers" had a curious history. A generation ago, one lived there by lname Emanuel Cartwright, who made the grim but necessary apparatus of death. It was said that. Emanuel. havoring passed into the next world, still as a ghost kept up his ghostly business. Every acci dest. at the colliery had the sound of his rasping saw and tile tap of his hnum mer at its premonition. In spite, there fore, of the little garden which digni fled the house above the other houses of the village; in spite of the cosiness of the kitchen, and the largeness of the boiler in the wash-house, the "oof fin- maker's" was a house which was frequently to let. The ghost was not exactly in the way, but the rasping of his saw and the tapping of his ham mer were not pleasant to such as per suaded themselves that they heard those sounds. Amos and Tonunsy at lengtll took up their residence, and the memorable ex periment began. They asked no woman to join them, for each, in the week when he was on night duty, performed what was usually regarded as feminine functions. He arose at noon, brashed and scrubbed, cleaned windows, white stoned the hearth, red-raddled the doorstep, and sprinkled sand-the cus tom of Willingtons- thereupon. Then when six o'clock eaine. the table was spread, and all appetising meal was laid out for the remaining masculise unit. A pleasant rivalry began. Amos made rabbit pie; Tommy followed the next week with luscious meat-pasties, which would have smitten with envy the good heart of Mrs. Lcddon. the pro prietress of the Sounding Trumpet, whose pasties are known to the civilised world. Amos bought three antimacas sars* Tommy, not to be outdone, bought shades of pink paper for tlthe lamp. Amos, the week after introduced cushions for the leather-seated chairs, a work of supererogation, to say the least; Tommy invested in a lhuge glass globe, in which there floated a speckled blue and white glass ship. On the Saturday they made up their accounts. Alas, they were not living quite so in expensively and as economically as Amos had prophesied. It must be admitted that Tommy was the more successful in the domestic duties. Once Amos found, on raising the down- turned plate which hid that I which his friend had prepared for hisI evening meal, that half-a-dozen beautiful I currant fritters lay there. They were i nicely browned; they reposed in a sweet. soft bed of butter: the very smell was intoxicating. Yet Amos could scarce eat. so uovercomno was lhe of envy. This was a triumph. How could lie expect, with his amateurish cooking. to go one better than buttered fritters? But after a sixth had gone, I a bright thought cenme to his minds.l A benevolent. Christian year ihad ar ranged Pancake Tuesday-in the follow ing week; that was his week of night duty at the hoppit, and of afternoon!n duty at the fireside. He would mnake pancakes! Before Tuesday arrived the scheme began to evolve itself. Would it not he better if he asked some wonman, upon whom he could depend, to creep in at the back-door and make the pan cakes for him? Then-then-why not ask Jenny herself? Accordingly the while Tommy was at work, on this excellent Shrove Tuesday, none other than Jenny Fairhumst was, though un known to the world, preparing his feast of pancake. "Amos," she said. "Aye, lass." " Hasta' e'er tried a bit o' leassin si' poncakes?" "Never." "Then goo an' got one-it gooos fine." "I reckon P11 ha' t' best o' Tommy this trip, elh. lass?" "Rayther." "An' thee au' mo'll w'er deawu an' ha' a two-three to eaursel' afooro he I comes in. Will ta'?" She did mnot -reply. "For t' sake o th'owd times. Jin, an' canr walks alung t'out sn' thI' oppen in' o' my yed by thy feyther." "Well." eshe hesitated, "tIh' muon't say a word abeaut it to a soul." "Not a word." "'CCause my fether-than kinows." 'I know tlsy foyther, lass. Hoe's a' roet at yed-punehin'," "Goo an' get t' lesons to once, Amos." Whilst Amos meekly obeyed, it un likely camno to pass tlhat Tommy, owing to an unforeseen shortening of Isis work ing-day, returned homo. He glanced through the little lead-lined panes, and at wlt hlie saw there,. his eyes lIlged with amazement, and Iis heart tlumsped against his thick grey oily cont. "Jenny. what arta' ldoin' here?" "Makin' poncakes for thee. lad-for thee, tihisel'." • Dosta like t' job?" She didn't answser. ' Come here. wenchie. nhide me oni t' sitle." " It's a proper niice Ieause." she saidi, faintly. "VWould ta' like -- ' At. that momnent they lcrdl thie stop of the leimon-bearing Amos. At ource Jeinny jumped Ilehind Tosmmy's Sunday coat. Alo.s wasv surprised as hlie entered. Evideitly Jenny lhad Iirun away.: at the entry of Tommy Baldwistle. "I wai just finishini' t' poncakes for thee. Tom my. Thy fritters was tasty, Ibut I reckon these licks 'em,. an' lemon an' a'. Heaw dasta' tek lemons, w'ole or squoze ?" "'Who tow'd thee abeaut leImonis. Atnos?" "I seed it i' a cookery- book." There wass a chuckling sound from behind the door. "Oh. nys An' tha's nmade t' pOin cakes tlhielf?" "' O' coorse I her'." "I see. I think tlha'r best gi' me that cookery-book; I want it. Tha' knows I con read straight forerd with oaut sipellin'." 'I don't think I will. "I ll goo reaund an' find it." "Tha'll ne'er find it, Tommy." "Then ll whistle for it." He whistled, and true enough tlse Sunday coat was pushed, and the "Cookery Book" steppedl fo''- ' i "Dosta- lhke I n ,'t, Amos?" Amos chose to :.. ...t. He flushed to the roots of his short-cropped hair. "Ne'er mind, Amos, tha's meant it a' reoot. Come on, Jenny, I'11 have a talk to thy feyther. I'll at him for t' Cook ery Book next, ans' irun. t' risk o'- a punohin'. Tha' aoa ha' t' poncakes ready fr us in a two-threo ainits, Amos. It'll be a' ref if tha' eua t' lomons i' three pieces--one for thee. one for me. t'other for t' Cookery Book. What dosta' say Jenny?" Jenny did not reply by word, but as she took Tommy's hand in her own the matter seemed to be settled. "If tha' conies whoamn wick. Tommy, I'll sell thee my share for ha'f price, an' t' furniture's thine. If tha' comes whoam deend, I'll lay thee cant nice an' straight on t' settle." "He'll come back wick einoo'," said Jenny. An' me wi' him." A prophecy which proved in the event to be true. 