The Wolf's Mouth CHAPTER XX. THE TRAP IS SET. Mrs. do Burgh oponod hor oyos suddenly. ' Stop reading !!' slio snappod, ' I thought I heard some one in tho sitting-room,' star ing eagerly at tho door. ' No.' It liad takon all Jocclyn's courago to walk to the open door and look round the room, where tho scent of many flowers came so heavily from the conservatory door. ' No, there is no olio thoro I' f It was curious that both had had tho samo thought, and it deepened tho girl's uneasinoss. ' Perhaps Matthews ? ' sho began. i ' Matthews doesn't go into that room un- ' less bIio's rung for,' dryly ; it was npt worth I whilo to say that every servant in the houso i hold tho room in horror and would not havo ' entered it after dark. ' I must havo boon mistaken. Ring for lights, and go and get .your toa.' Jocelyn was glad when Matthews' had lit up both rooms, and brought Mrs. do Burgh's tea, to hurry away to hor own quarters. Tho great houso was very dim and silent as sho wont through tho long passages, thoro was no sign of lifo anywhoi'o, and tho girl longod for somo human companionship, lilco a terrified child. Sho huddled down by her own firo, wishing sho dared go and look for Moyra. 'I wish I know what father was doing!' sho thought drearily. ' I know lio lias somo plan, and if only I know it I would fool moro . comfortable. Mrs. do Burgh will novor con fess, I know that. And I don't think a ?lunatic would bo able to do anything about a new trial no mattor how many now witnesses lie had.' Sho leaned hor aching head against a chair behind her, and shut hor oyos. Her room folt safer than Mrs. do Burgh's gorgeous, sitting room, now sho know tho awful story Martha had kept back all theso yoars ; and presontly sho foil asloep. Whon sho awoko hor lamp was lit, her dinner on tho tablo, and tho maid making up hor firo. . ' I didn't know you wore bore, miss,' tho girl said, ' or I would not have waked you. But tho room is cold, so perhaps it's bottor.' ' Is Miss Moyra at dinnor.P' ' Joeolyn blinked in tho light of tho lamp, and thon was suddenly. oousoiouB that hor dinner smolt vory nico, and that sho had had no toa. ' Miss Moyra and Mr. Gilbert are dining with Lord Huntloy, miss.' ' Dining with Huntloy I' Somo of tho savours of her excellent meal soomod mystori ously gono. She sat for a minuto, whon. tho maid. was gono, and thought. What would sho havo givon to-night for a littlo mirth, a littlo happiness? Yot whon tlio man who. lovod hor had a dinner- party,' sho must sit alono. ' Nonsonso 1' sho said to herself, briskly, ' I'm silly to-night. How could Lord Hunt loy ask Mrs. do Burgh's companion to dinnor, ovon if he woro dying to P But I wish Oastlo CIO .ijurgn wui/u u iiuuiu muru uiiuuiiui. wuuju how I smoll ghosts iu it to- night !' trying to laugh. But it was hot liko having a lovor at all to havo a soorot betwoon you, and an apparently immeasurable distaneo of position. Mrs. do Burgh's companion was fiorcoly oonsoious that sho longed to toll Lord Huntloy of Holly oross, that sho oamo of as good blood, of as unBtainod a name, as his own. But tlio day soomod vory far off, porhaps would novor dawn. She wont woai'ily to Mrs. do Burgh as soon as hor dinnor was finishod, and hor hatred of tho old woman was hot at hor hoart as sho took up tho long book whoro ovory ono was seorotly so wiolcod. ? Tho oripplo's„mood had ohangod again ; sho was propped up in hor bod with whito satin pillows, and looked bottor than Jooolyn had ovor Boon hor..' Sho was unreasonably elatocl, to, and thrummed an unooasing tono on tho oovorlot with hor withorod fingors. ' You oau go to bod, Matthows,' sho announced, ' I shall not nood you again.' Jooolyn loolcod up insurpriso, as tlio woman thankfully oboyod, but not quickly onougli to oatoli tho curious gleam in tho oripplo's oyos ns sho gavo tlio order. It was absurd, but Jooolyn wohld havo lilcod ? to run aftor Matthows and bog tho woman to sit in tho corridor and wait for hor. It waB unoanny to bo alouo, in so lonoly and dosortod a houso, ?with a woman liko Mrs. do Burgh. . y ' Rubbish !' the girl reflected practically, since it was of no use to glanco in silent de spair after tbo vanishing Matthews. ' Mrs, do Burgh can't move, so how can she hurt mo ? But, Bomehow, I wish I did not know every ono had gone out but tho servants, and and they are miles off !' She read for a quarter of an hour or so, at first with a thickly-beating hoart, expecting she knew not what. Bnt as her pulses calmed, the room bogan to look less lonely, the cripple in tho bed less diabolical in her Batins and laceB, that were so strango a setting ta her haggard face. Sho was beginning awiow chapter, when a faint sound caught her ears ; a low rustling, as if some ono crept acrosB the floor of the room adjoining. Mrs. do Burgh held up a bony finger. 'Hush!' Bhe breathed, 'What's that noiso P' Her faco was livid ; afterward Jooolyn knew it was not with fear. Sho looked at the open door with eyes that fairly snappod in her head. ' I hear something moving !' she whispered, Miss Brown had dropped her book and started to her feet. Por ono moment sho folt an arrant coward. I ' Shall I ring for some ono ?' she faltered. | 'Ring? No!' authoritatively. ' It can't be anything. Go and look.' The faint rustling ceased ; thon something foil to tho floor with a dull thud that mado tlio girl's racked nerves tighten. Hugo wns away, Gilbert out, what if her father knew it, and had come to tho castlo, as he had done . once boforo to confront his rolentless enemy P ?Every trace of terror left Jocely'n's lioart. Sho nodded coolly, reassuringly to tho invalid, with as oasy n courago as any do Burgh of them all, good or bad ; with her head high and her hands steady, sho walked calmly into the lighted sitting room and stood for a moment, waiting to see if hor father wore indeed coming to her. Tho room was quito empty. There was not a sound anywhere. ' Ob. ! for somo littlo signal that was known only to father and daughter !' Slio turned, lialf-laughing, on the thresh hold. - ' ' I advanced, ' Bhoulder to shoulder !' ' sho cried, hor cloar voice ringing through tho lofty rooms, ' but there is no enemy to disperse.' ' Hush, girl ! I tell you I hoard somo ono !' Alicia cried, obstinately. ' Liston !' Par, far off came a long-drawn wail, and *t* -, 7 ? I.i. _ i! ? ? -?!. . ? uoceiyn cnougiiu sno kuow it iur uiu ur y uj. the groat gray dog at the farm. ' Only a dog, souiowhoro !' Surely, her father and Mooro must bo near ; if only Mrs, do Burgh would let hor go out to seo ! ' Not that ! Liston !' Bui thoro was no need. . A horrible, stealthy footstep was moving somowhoro, vory slowly, very carefully. The silk hangings of tho room rustled, bnt tho girl could not ? 1.1 ? ? ? Wo„ U rln P BUU M1UIU UiUVO. HUD xv VI j-siAigAJ » Ob ! if he would only como quickly, surely ho and sho might forco Alicia to confess, Sho stood breathless, looking from sido to sido, ' Tho noiso did not soom to bo in tho bedroom, in spite of tlio rustling hangings. '? Go and look again,' Mrs. do Burgh com manded. ' It might bo a burglar. Do you want mo to bo murdered in my bod ?' Mechanically Jooolyn went back to tho sit ting-room. Suroly tho unseen visitant could not bo her fatlior ; all hor blood rocoilod at tho thought that these creoping footstops wero his. Yet who else could bo moving liko a thief in tlio night in Castlo do Burgh ? As boforo, the instant sho entered tho sitting room, a deathly quiet roignod tlioro.. But ns hV-o at.nnrl nlio saw tlio lieavv curtain ovor tho door into tho qorridor move. It swayod dis tinctly, yet sho lcoow thoro could bo no draught. Jocelyn flow to tho doorway. 'Father!' sho said, in an anxious whisper that could not roaoh tho oars of tlio invalid, 'Father!' She drew baok tho curtain, flung tho door wido ; tliore waB no one behind it, Far down tho long corridor bIio saw a moving shadow on tho wall, as of a man passing quickly by out of tho lights. Tho height,, tho goneral shape woro Richard do Burgh's ; and his daughter ran after thollooing shadow, leaving tho cripple alouo. Quiokly as slio followed, tho man in front f was quicker ; but when sho camo to tho turn of tho corridor sho saw a door in front of her shut gently. With tho ono thought that sho must catch up with hor father, and toll him that it was no onomy, but only his own danghtor who pursued liim, Jocelyn toro open tho lioavy door. For a moment slio stood, takon abaok, for it did. not disclose a room, but a winding Btono stairway. From far up it camo a gleam of light, and quick, echoing stops. Whoovor was rotroating beforo hor had loft a lantern on tlio stairs, and was now steadily mounting, tliom, light in hand. ? ' Wait, it's I !' sho called roeklessly. But thoro was 110 answer, yot for s momont tho footstops paused. ' Who aro you ? Why don't you answor P' sho criod, as bIio hurriod up tho stoop stair, stumbling on its winding, unovon stops, fool ing soft touches on . hor hot ohooks from tho waving cobwebs that hung low and swayod iu tho wind of hor quick passing. At tho lioad of tho stairs sho caijio to a full stop. From this thoro soomod to oxtond ou m rnmr airlo n nDHHncrn. lint tho licrlit wur rrnnn. Only a glimmor of moonlight through a narrow window high ovorhoad lot hor soo thoso dark openings on four sides of tho corksorovv stair. Down whioh of tliom had hor father gono ? A ooid air that ohillod hor vory bones soomod suddenly round hor j sho triod to speak, but only an inartioulato whispor och'ood unoaunily from tho stono walls. For an instant sho stood irrosoluto, almost roady to turn and run down tho old stairway again, baok to what now soomod tho safoty of Alicia's company. But a gleam of light far down tho passage at hor loft hand showod suddenly, and a quick angor fillod hor. Hor fatlior, or Mooro, it muBt bo I Why could thoy not wait for' hor P Jooolyn piokod up lior skirts and followod rooklossly aftor tho dull gloam of tho swaying lantorn, ' ' How many corners and dovious ourvos sho threaded sho oould, not toll, but sho know bIio must bo in tho uppor story of tlio old unusod wing of tho oastlo. Sho was gaining on tho light and ita boai'or, whon sho tumbled on tho first stop of another stair. Far up it, sho oould soo tho light Ansliing intormittontly, as if somo ono woro using it to signal from a window. ' Panting, sho rounded tho ourvo of tlio stnir j breathlessly flow into an arohod doorway whonco tho last gloam had como. But tho light diod instantly boforo sho had woll ontorod. A heavy door swung noiBolossly bo hind hor. Jooolyn turned sharply stamping 'hor foot. , ' Who is here ? Why don't you speak p' In a tiny shaft of moonlight through a dusty window sho could see a faint shadow behind her. At her words a dark lantern clicked sharply. In the dazzling light sho was, for a moment, blinded ; and thon behind the lautern she saw the man who had fled from her. It was Hugo de Burgh ! ? (To be continued.) ? 