JN IJl^S H ELLS. [Br THE CotONEL.] What is tho meaning of Uiis suggestion that the Sydney tramways have grown be* yond the capacity Of the Railway Commissiners P What svrindlccat wants to get a job on now P Gold to the value of £100 has been stolen from a Kalgoorlie mine. Which proves that the raino was worth robbing, a thing that cannot be said of all miues. JIMMY GOVERNOR. Tbcy shot liini through the stomach. And they shot him through the back ; Tliey also swore they smashed his jaw, And still they're on the track ! » There are more Australians ou active service against (he outlaws than there were against Krugcr. • • • Miss Harrison, one of the returned missionaries from Cltina, "speaks highly" of the respect shown by the Chinese to European ladies. Miss Harrison is either easilypleased or else the cable agent is a re-incarnation of Ananias. There may be some advantage in amassing wealth. I wonder what Jaincs Tyson thinks about it nowP • « • Tho Daily Telegra/ih is at a loss to account for the decline in the increase of population in Australia, lsitp Then, why doesn't it road the medical advertisements on the back page of the Evening Vr.ws * The only effect that goes before a cause is a wheelbarrow. • • • If Mr. Watkin Wynne believes in spiritualism be had better call on the ghost of Otto Merganthalcr to invent a mcchauical proof-reader. The following sentence, referring to Mr. Gladstone's magnetic personal y appeared in a leading articlu in the 1'fJr.yruiih on Fridaj. Oct. 19 :—" Millions o£ Englishmen followed his democratic utterances' with a conviction that they were the outcome of pohti- suprcmica! infallibility." Noir, Mr. Wynue, what dart this incan? It is a great deal easier to get a verdict in an action at law than it w to get the money. * • Parliament will be pro-rogued Christinas. before OLD AGE TENSIONS. , This truth should be tolil; That the man who grows old Aud is short^of the gold Has been good to the country. • » * . * If every .man stuck to vrhat he earned who would grow rich P • • The federal capital has been definitely ordered for Orange; so Yass and Bombala might as well quit talking. , Cigarette smoking does not injure the brain because no person with brains ever smoked cigarettes. " Mr. Krugcr was deeply affected on leaving South Africa." The old rapscallion has been deeply afEcctcd all through. Pro- •bably, the people whose money he had in his pocket were somewhat affected also. Sixty native Princes in India offered troops, horses, and money to aid Britain intbe South African war. The universal tendency to rush to the assistance of the strong man .is something marvellous. - You never have any trouble in borrowing half-acrown when you have \- • £10,000 in tbe bank. • . Tbe condition of t> e Dowager Empress of Germany aud of the King of Sweden is, so the cable says, improving. Dut'wnat we in Australia want to know is whether the eondftion'of Kitiglikc aud Severity is improving. " A horse, a horse! My kingdom for a horse!" screamed Kichard ill at tbe Battle of Uosr-otih. And it was only after 600 years that Australia sent Carbine to Kn> gland. • . "Throw physic to the dogs 1" said Shakspere. But if we gave it to the pigs we could all cure our own bacon. Lord- Beauchamp told the Diocesan Council.in Sydney the other day what ouglit to be done to raise .the positidn of the Anglican Church. People mast be getting very tired of this young man's Worcester sauce. • , • • Jinks: All rot to say the capital shouldn't be at Bombala; why, it's a splendid plaec. All full of dairy farms, curc; the best hams and bacon in the couutry. afld as for cheese; why, it's tlie finest checsti in the world. 1 sell it in my kbop. . _ Binkb: Are you qaite sure fou're aot thinking of Bodalla ? > Jinks: Of course. 1 ant; ain't Hhat the place proponed. Kden-Bodalla P . Binjcs: Bodalla be banged ! It's hundreds of miles from Bombala. Jinks: Then J m agin it, but I thought it was all.the same. ; , . ' N tS,—Thi» convertatlon it an nlnrnt tefk i i a r f y m d t i a f l t u a ^ m ^ w ^ 