Sporting ltepn$. • - - A meeting of sportsmen is called in our business columns for the formation of a race club. The meeting takes place at Carrigg's Hotel at 8 o'clock on Tuesday evening next. The annual meeting of the Preston Race Club will be held on Wednesday March 7th. The programme comprises seven events, the total prize money being .£200. 'The Capel Race Club will hold their yearly meeting on Friday, the 2nd of T!t*.vl month. There ai-p six events to be competed for, the several prizes amounting to £82. The Bridgetown Race Club have issued the programme for their annual meeting to be held on Thursday, March 15tli. There are no less than eight events' set down for trial, the principal being the Bridgetown Cup. [Nominations for handicap events are due with the secretary at 9 p.m. on March 1st, and acceptances at the same hour on the 13th. Entries for any event are restricted to horses that have never won a prize of more than £25. There is very little betting over the New^mrket Handicap and Australian Cup in Melbourne, or anywhere just now. Some of the " books," however, are as usual trying to make things lively by reporting " tall" figures they have laid against certain horses. In most cases these big wagers can be taken with a grain of salt, in fact they fiie seldom genuine and are only reported to hoodwink those backers who " follow the money." When these colossal wagers appear in the papers people naturally think that the stable or some well informed individuals have got hold of something good when they operate on such a mammoth scale, consequently they must have a bit on such an apparently '•good thing." Sometimes they might be lucky enou gh to get on the right thing," tut generally find that they have been victims to Ikey Mo : s vagaries. If a bookmaker has laid a lot against a horse who has any reasonable chance of winning, he generally wants to keep off that horse as much as possible, and get all he can on the horse that would be the best winner for him—hence the reporting of colossal wagers they have never laid at all. Of course some of the big transactions reported are genuine, but most of them are not. If Tarquin starts fit and well he will carry a good bit of Westralian coin in the Newmarket Handicap. Many— most people, I might say— in this colony have a great opinion of the bay horse, and not a few declare him quite good enough to win over the straight six furlongs at Flemington next monin. That Tarquin is a smasher over the distance must be admitted, in fact, barring BobodU, I would not care to back any other horse in the big sprint race to beat him at level weights over six furlongs, still, he can run against me in the Newmarket for mere reasons than one. Then some argue that if he can cut out six furlongs in 1.16 on the Perth course with over 9 stone on his back he ought to be able to knock a couple of seconds off that time on a course like Flemington with exactly 9 stone up—which would be good enough to win a Newmarket. He ought and in all probability he will, but when he has horses alongside of him like Tramp, •Sequence, Silvermoorc, and a host of others who are upto Newmarket "time" ! and yet have pounds and in some cases j "stones" less than liim, it is another | thing altogether. If Tarquin finishes ] in the first three he must be a cracker j and no mistake, but I don't think he has a ghost of a chance of winning. ' Though the Newmarket, and Australian Cup second acceptances were ; ! declared on Monday, Bobadil is still in both races, but it is most probable that he will not start for either. For one thing he has no chance of winning and a severe race in either would probably knock him out. ^ 