£? Bom BLEND, THE London shareholders in an Auckland (N.Z.) gold-mining property have voted the handsome sum of £1000 for the benefit of the widows and orphans of volun teers from Auckland who may be killed in the Transvaal war. THE Premier of New Zealand has been oh an island cruise, during which he was evpected to visit Raratonga, Cook Islands, Tonga, and Fiji. It is stated his visit is con nected with the scheme for creating a South Sea Federal Parliament having its meeting place in New Zealand. Proposals regarding this scheme have, it is reported, been submit ted by Mr. Seddon to the Imperial Government. LADY Roberts has sisters in Australia in Mrs. Aspinwall, Melbourne; Mrs. Beamish, wife of Archdeacon Beamish, late of Warnam bool; and Mrs. Stevens, widow of a Warnam bool merchant. It is also claimed that Lord Boberts lias a brother-in-law in Cairns in the person of Dr. Thomatis, whose first wife (who died in 1886) was also a sister of Lady Roberts. " Bobs" himself lias a relative at Rockhamp ton, and says ho is coming to Australia after the termination of the war. ONE of Sydney's oldest identities died at Canterbury a short while back in the person of Mr. George Lucas. He was born in PrinceBB-street, Sydney, on March 4th, 1813, and was consequently over 87 years of age. He had been a prominent teetotaller for 65 years. He bore a slight resemblance to Sir Henry Parkes. When the likeness was men tioned on one occasion, Mr. Lucas remarked, "Sir Henry is a great man; I have only tried to be a good one." COMMENT by the Chief Justice of Victoria while granting a decree nisi in a divorce case" This man breaks the record of the many dishonorable cases with which I have had to deal in this Court, lie marries this girl, a modest, respectable girl, and within a month deserts her, either to please himself or his family. Either is equally discreditable. I only regret that one cannot publish the history of his case on his back, and let the world see it as he goeB along. He is a thoroughly unredeemed scoundrel." A DECISION of interest to railway travellers was given by the Full Court in Sydney a few days ago. The Court, by a majority of three to one, decided that railway passengers could not travel to tourist districts, where cheap fares from Sydney were in opera tion and upon arrival there purchase fresh tickets and continue to travel on the same train beyond the section for cheap trains. If passengers wished they could travel by the tourist trains, but they must pay full rates from Sydney to the end of their journey. ONE thing about the plague quaran tine business is the absence of opportunities to get one's usual pick-me-up, a deprivation which some people can't suffer with any degree of patience, and when they are discharged the way they make for the nearest pub is an eye opener for even professional sprinters. Even the fair sex are no exception. For instance, at Sydney police court a few days ago a woman was charged with drunkenness, ana had only been discharged from the quarantine station the previous day after being cured of plague. THE Queensland Bushmen received a kindly farewell from Lady Lamington. She presented to the men the bugle from the bush girls of Queensland, wishing the Imperial bustunen's contingent all success, farewell, and godspeed. In doing so her Ladyship wished them all " Godspeed, God bless you, and may I see you all safely back." As Lady Lamington left her place and went round to the gangway, she again called out, "Good bye, and God bless you," and her kindly words were met by a burst of spontaneous cheering from the men. THEY had a curious experience while boring for water on Hughenden station. The drillers had already struck the first supply, and, as usual, went on boring with the hope of striking a greater quantity. After getting 500 feet further down a sand drift was un fortunately met with, and in a few minutes the water already tapped disappeared. It then became necessary to fill the hole up again to above the sand drift, after which the water returned to the old level. A pumping plant was to be put on the bore, a test of 2400gals. an hour not having visably affected the sup ply, which will render available for sheep a lot of country carrying good grass up towards the Wongalee boundary. IN reply to a deputation of members of the Assembly, who wanted him to introduce a Land Resumption Act on the lines of the Acts in force in New Zealand and Queensland, the New South Wales Premier said that in all probability such a Bill would be introduced during the coming session. He was quite agreed that more would be done to promote settlement by such a measure than by any other land legislation, and it was a matter he would be inclined to fight very hard for. The deputation said that the land resumption by the Government in New Zealand had proved a great success, and had already resulted in a profit of £16,000 annually to the Government. The Premier was also informed that 75 mem bers of Parliament were certain to be in favor of such a measure. THE Croydon people were pretty confident that Mafeking would be relieved, for some days before that liappy event took place a number of residents foregathered at one of the hotels to decide upon a suitable present for the gallant Baden;Powell when he and his garrison had been rescued from the unkind attentions of the Boers. It was proposed that the presentation should be a bar of Croydon gold, refined to absolute purity (24 carat) and weighing 12oz., worth about £80, and simply but suitably inscribed with a message of appre ciation to the following effect:-" From the Croydon Goldfield, Queensland, to Colonel Baden-Powell, in recognition of our apprecia tion of you as a brave man, and a gallant soldier. This is Twenty-Four Carat, and so are you." The gold in its crude state would be obtained from tne leading Croydon mines, the names of which were to De engraved on die finished bar. It will be remembered residents of New Zealand sent General White, in honor of Ladvsmith, a gold brick inscribed-" This is a brick; you're another." IT is said of Lieutenant-Colonel Plunier, who made so many attempts to get into Mafeking with supplies, that he is pro bably the smallest man of his rank in the army; but, like Lord Roberts, though lie's little, he is good, and, 110 doubt, the Doers are ijuite satisfied with their height. I NOTICE it reported that Professor Pepper of " ghost" fame, who in the young days of many of those who are now adults, gave tliein a very creepy feeling with his ghost shows, is dead. The Professor some time ago posed as a rain-maker, and nearly 20 years ago lie came to Australia to " make rain" for the farmers ; in fact, long before the American rain-makers appeared, but his efforts were not a success. His idea was to cause rain to fall by means of aerial explosions, but lie could not make rain fall where there was no rain up in tlx; sky, and so he could do no thing in places where rain was most wanted. He afterwards became public analyst at Bris bane. SOMI: Maiievoo sheep wore coming into Longreach last week for trucking, and I am toid that the man who officiated as cook for the drovers suddenly lost his mind, and during the prevalence of the attack, his mad ness took a strange form, but which showed lie was a great devourer of war news. He was yelling out for Kruger, Salisbury, Chamberlain, Cecil Rhodes, and a few other people of pro minence in connection with the war, to get to the head of the sheep. Then he'd shout out: " Way back, Kruger, you blank, blank, &c.; Anon it was " Put that blanky win^, Chamber lain." Eventually the man was seined by bis mates, and after being trussed like a fowl was taken to the hospital, still howling out for Kruger to " dovide 'em," THIS following is a description of the horses purchased in Canada for Lord Strath cona's corps, and they are officially regarded as a pattern of the sort of mount urgently re quired. 536 of them were secured, about 15 to 15.2. 95 per cent, of them arc thoroughly broken to cowboy work-taught to rein by the neck, stop suddenly, turn on the bind feet as a pivot, stand with the reins over their heads on the prairie, ford and swim rivers, and go at a rapid pacc up and down steep hills. They are stout animals, with good short backs and strong quarters, good bone, and as active as cats-horses which know nothing of stables, or grooms, accustomed to be ridden lialf-a-day or more, and at night are simply stripped of saddle and bridle, and turned loose to find their food. AT the present moment the English public here (says the Paris correspondent of the Week, writing on 7th April), are not quite satisfied with the progress of the South African war. After a month of brilliant success Lord lioberts appears to be driven into a state of immobility. He is not in danger, and yet he cannot advance. He iB surrounded by some 20,000 of the enemy. Tiie knowing ones say his lordship is playing the fox ; he desires to entice as many ISoers as can be secured to walk into his parlor, and then he will fall on them with Thor hammer blows. It is difficult to understand how 20,000 Doers could cause 120,000 Englishmen to remain inactive. Recent developments show that Lord Roberts believes in " making haste slowly," and that the suggestion about" playing the fox" is very near the mark. THE relief of Mafeking having been safely accomplished the following extract is particularly appropriate just now :-It is semi impossible to get the hang of the pronunciation of Mafeking. Some go for putting no end of side on " Ma," a lot on the '. Maf," and more swear by the " fe," others bet you drinks it is " fa," and a few will take their oath on the last syllable " king." Now, is it Mapli-a-king, Ma-fake-ing, MafFa-king, or Mafa-king, with 40-ponnd pressure to the square inch on the " king ?" I notice that the Hon. John Scott Montagu, M P., corresponding to the Scotsman says that the correct bearings of the name are Maf-ek-ing, but it will be all the same when the place is relieved, Tommy Atkins will have a name for it or a rendering that would make the most experienced pronouncist sit up and ask for ''half-and-half" at 6 a.m., a sure sign of aberration of mind. SOME amusing results are sometimes obtained in Police Courts when a witness, misunderstanding a question put to him, re plies in a manner which totally upsets the decorum of the proceedings. In a recent court case at Longreach, one of the witnesses called gave a very minute description of a knife. He had been cross-examined, but the lawyer wish ing to aBk another question after he had finished his examination, he had to put it through the Bench. The P.M. then gravely informed the witnessMr. Sixanate (that's not the name, but 'twill do) wants to know what night it was accused left the camp f" Like a Sash the answer came: "Would I know the knife again if 1 saw it P. I should rather say so!" And the witness then sat down with such a well-satisfied grin as left no room for doubt: but withal he was somewhat puttied at the loud smile which his answer elicited. FREQUENT references have been made to the fighting qualities of the three nationalities-English, Irish, and Scotch during the war in Africa., said Mr. M'Donald in Melbourne. During the siege of Ladysmith he had seen representatives of all three. First, he saw the Gordons, and thought they were the finest regiment it was possible to look upon. Then he saw the brave old "Dubs." Again, he saw thp charge of the Devons, and he would never forget St. Of the many impressions of siege and battle which he had received, the getting ready of the Devons for their charge on Cwsar's Bill would always stay with him. THE Queenslanders at the front have had a shock, for according to a letter from South Africa published in the Jfeck, they were actually censured by Lord Roberts, some of them, that is, for having transformed them selves into goats and marauded a vegetable garden. The writer says:-When on the march from Springfield to Kooderbeck, we came across a farm with large quantities of vegetables ; making a dash for it we helped ourselves. Two days later a bill came into the major claiming £32 for the damage done. It caused a bit of trouble at headquarters, and Lord Roberts warned us should it occur again he would send us back to the base, and I assure you it has taught us a lesson, for the charge he laid against us was "barefaced looting," and since that our officers have shaken us up a bit, making things severe for all should they ever come before him on any charge. BEFOKE the Imperial Bushmen left Brisbane they were addressed by the Governor, briefly but to the point. He said among other things:-" The three first contingents which have left our shores departed at the instance of the Queensland Government, but you are different, as you are enlisted directly in the Imperial service, the first occasion ou which such a tiling lias happened in the history of the Australian colonies. The two different conditions are, then, a sure instance of the solidarity of the llritisli Empire, and of our own desire to help it m the hour of need. I am confident that you will do your duty, whatever that may be, and wherever it may call you. You are going from here in Queen's weather, and it is in the name of Her Majesty the Queen that I wish you godspeed." His Excellency alto gave the men a pat on the back by informing them that lie was convinced that no finer body of men physically have left the colony. Silt Horace Tozer is a gentleman who believes in giving honor where honor is due, and lias been proved to be jealously watching the honor of Queensland. The Premier o> New Zealand, in his speech bidding farewell to New Zealand's fourth contingent, said that " New Zealand was the lirst to offer her help to the mother country to fight an enemy who, in the words of Lord Huberts, was a disgrace to civilisation." But there was an error in this as Queensland was actually the first to take lead in this colonial assistance in the Transvaal war, as proved by her offer made on July lltli last by the Hon. J. 1{. Dickson, then Premier. Sir Horace promptly wrote to The Times to correct the mistake, unwittingly made of course, and in concluding Ills letter lie says: " Whilst I am prepared to offer a full tribute of praise to New Zealand, the initiative taken bv Queensland and her Pre mier, who risked his Government through his offer, should be remembered." IT having been reported that a cousin of ex-President Steyn had arrived in Melbourne mysteriously (which probably means that he did not land headed by a brass band and with a big placard on IUB back in timating who he was), there was quite a flutter among the police and a number of men kept their eagle eyes glued on him, a proceeding which 1 hope did not injure such delicate organs. Such caution is to be highly com mended, of course, when dealing with anyone connected with such slippery customers as the ltocrs; but the distinguished visitor made no bones about admitting his identity, and simply said that he had taken the opportunity to visit Austtalia because there was nothing doing in the Orange Free State.-Nothing doing in the O.K. State is good ! We were all under the impression that there has been a great deal , doing there lately. Who will assist in making up a party to go and lynch that cableman ? Si'EAKlNO at Melbourne of Lis ex periences on the battlefields in South Africa, Mr. D. M'Donald referred very highly to the chaplains, speaking of their work in the field aB the noblest and, perhaps, the hardest. '. A man lay wounded on the ground. The doctors come along, and a rapid glance told them tltey could do nothing for him. They passed on. Tiien the chaplain would come to his side, perhaps lie down on the ground beside him. You would see a shock pass over the dying man's face, for he knew what it meant; but anyone who had seen a battlefield and its wounded knew that the chaplain's act in I kneeling there was the greatest kindness that could be paid to a dying man, as it certainly was the hardest thing that any man could be asked to do. Very often the chaplains re mained out on the battlefield all night, and came in in the morning the whitest and most exhausted men of all the workers." STICKING at Cairns the other day, Mr. Givens, M.L.A., is alleged to have told his constituents among other things :-" As to the tenure of office by the Labor party, he said that Messrs. Philp and Chataway had both made overtures to join the party, conditionally on Mr. Philp being made Premier and giving Mr. Chataway a portfolio. He said that he made that statement from a public platform without fear of contradiction, and further said that the Labor party had promises from the most prominent of members of the Ministerial party, conditional upon their receiving appoint ments." No wonder papers publishing the news head the item " An Extraordinary State ment." Even Mr. Drake did not escape atten tion at the speaker's hands, for, it is said, Mr. Givens declared lie (Mr. Drake) wanted the assurance of the Premiership before joining the party. The statement lias had an cmphatic denial. THE London correspondent of the Week is very sore over the disaster to Colonel Broadwood's force recently, and says :-That it should be possible for a force of 8000 or 10,000 Boers to be moving about within 20 or 30 miles of Bloemfontein without our head quarters staff having an inkling of the fact, is surprising enough ; but that it should be pos sible at this period of the war for a British force of 1000 or 2000 men-not infantry, mind you, but nearly all cavalry-to walk blindly into such a trap as Colonel Broadwood's column did, is positively amazing. And such troops. Two of the very crack regiments in the service, officered and commanded by the very elite of the aristocracy. The mishap shows a degree of carelessness for which "somebody is and ought to be made responsible. The very con figuration of the place in which the trap was set, one would think, would have instantly struck the eye of a militanr man as a dangerous spot. But the truth is tfiat no lookout at all was kept, and the affair has caused a good deal of irritation at home. THE late General Jonbert w.as not very complimentary to the British when, in referring to the carelessness with which our troops were once allowed to walk into a trap, he said " the British officers appear not to have much brains, but what is still worse for them is that they seem to think all other people have none at all." The sarcasm was once more practically illustrated in the disaster to Colonel liroadwood at liushmans Kop. THE Charters Towers Register is a smart paper which claims to be up-to-date and well worth the price of a drink charged for it, yet in these stirring times 1 regret exceedingly to see a subleadcr in the issue dated May Slst start thus: " Lord Roberts, through force of circumstances, appears to have failed to relieve Mafeking on the 18th, as promised." The relief was reported in Barcaldine on the 18th, and confirmed next day, and a fine old spree we had, too; yet at the Towers a newspaper dated three days after the 18th made the statement quoted ! A supplement at the end of the paper makes things right, however, and readers arc told in big type, " Bobs keeps his word." Hut I saw no apology to Lord Roberts for that other statement. WE are perfectly well aware that no man can last for ever, yet when the time comes for us to see the last of some well-known figure we cannot help a feeling of deep regret. And that must be the feeling of all who are aware that the " Father of the House," Mr. W. H. (iroom, whose voice has sounded for so many years in the Assembly, has at last seen his best days ; but although he has sat in his place so long, the occasion was certain to come when it would be for the last time. Says the Brisbane correspondent of a Koina paper: " There will be very general regret at learning that, notwithstanding his hardy constitution, it is very unlikely Mr. W. H. Goom will ever appear in ttie House again. Partially par alysed on one side he can talk only with difficulty, and movement of any kind is a task lie can hardly accomplish unassisted. A friend of mine who visited him a few days ago tells me that when he saw this once strong man en feebled like a child, he felt sick and sore at heart. Still he is full of hope that he may yet recover sufficiently to resume public duties." Later news intimates that the "old warrior" has much improved in health, and there is a bright prospect that he will soon be again ready for the fray. When the news was received that the British had captured Johannesburg, the natural question was-" now far away from there was Pretoria ?" The distance is just about as far as Ilfracombe is from Barcaldine. At the time of writing it is too early to see how Lord Roberts guts on on his trip to the Transvaal capital, but it won't be as easy, probahly, as we could go from Barcaldine to Ilfracombe, as it is alleged a number of big puns and other obstacles are disputing the way. With regard to Pretoria itself, ex- Assistant Secretary Webster DaviB, of the United States, said as recently as April 4th, with reference to a visit lie made to Pretoria :-" I viewed the defences of Pretoria, and I consider them im pregnable. The line of hills surrounding the town bristles with high-power Krupp and Creusot guns. Pretoria lies in a basin sur rounded by a ridge of rugged hills, affording most admirable opportunities for defence. While there I learned enough to know that the city is one vaBt storehouse of foodstuffs and ammunition." This does not look verv bright for the British occupation of Pretoria very sosa; but, then, there was much talk about the big fort at Johannesburg which commanded the town and the whole district, yet the British appear to have just walked into the town without even knocking at the door. Perhaps Pretoria will be the same; why, else, should Kruger have bis special train ready ?-Since the above was written, and in less than thirty hours after receipt of the news announcing the capture of Jonannesbiug, another urgent dashed into Barcaldine intimating that Pretoria was abandoned and that Kruger had " vam oosed the ranch!" 1 may say we were fairly astonished, and soon became very hungry for further particulars. SPEAKING recently the New South Wales Minister for Lands stated that £17,000 had been spent in cutting scrub on the West liogan lands, and that the vote for the purpose WPJ nearly expended. THE Appeal Court at Auckland gave an important judgment on the 10th May, affirming the right of the Arbitration Court to award preference to unionists in industrial disputes. The Chief Justice, in delivering judgment, said non-unionists were altogether outside of account, and had no atatus under this statute, which must be obeyed, however contrary it might be to what was deemed natural justice. 