The Storyteller. A WHITE ROSE CHAPTER i: 1 Let them, 1 said the girl, defiantly; ' summer Mends are not worth having. Oh, it is bard on you. dear, that you should have to work harder iu youi old age, that you should have to face the loss of fame ard esteem ; but for me, dad, I can bear anything so that they do not take me from you.' * They can't do that. I only wish the blow had fallen before Charley Adair left.' •Why?' ' Because I believe he loved you, • child. He may have thought it dishonourable to engage your affections before he had made a heme for you ; but if he could have foreseen this trial I know he would have spekea out. I am only a feeble 1 old man. Rpse f and l fear you need tronger^arm'"than ' n ine^to^shie® 5 you from the storm I see gathering round us.' The girl nestled the least bit closer to him. ' Charley did speak to me, dad,' she whispered, * but I told him I could never care for him as he wished.' Dr. Yorke sighed. sure, dear ?' ' You are quite ' I'm positive,' said Rose, decidedly ; ' but he was very kind, dad ; he quite understood, and we agreed to be friends always.' Dr. Yorke's hand rested caressing ly on the golden head. 4 You will need friends, my darling,' he said sadly. ' I may not be spared to you much longer, and then—I dread to think of your future. You -will have enough money to keep you, but you will be utterly alone in the world: ' Is my mother alive?' asked Rose, suddenly. ' I cannot tell you. When I last heard from her—I mean the letter announcing her husband's death— she was in poor health. She had then five children. Depend upon it Rose, Cecil Mowbray and his wife have sunk very low since I took you from them, and vour mother *—he sighed—' she was always entirely under jser husband's influence ; she would not dare to be kind to you if awatgjSffiSffi Rose shook her head indignantly ' I don't want her to be kind to me. She wrecked your life by her falseness, and then she defrauded you of money by a lie. Oh. dad, I don't want ever to see my mother ; I know I should despise her.' ' You would be sorry for her,' corrected Dr. Yerke; • she is so young still—only thirty-seven—and think what her life has been all these twenty years. If ever it is in your power to do aught to lighten her heavy burden, you must do it for my sake. And now, child, go to bed ; you are looking like a little white ghost, and it is well on to the small hours of the morning.' As Rose Yorke—she never thought of herself as Rose Mowbray—undressed, she took from her waistband the white rose Charley had given her. She held it to her lips and kissed it before she put it away among her most cherished treasures. Was her heart softening already to the love she had sent away, or did she feel that with Charley had vanished her joyous youth, and that from to-night she had turned her back on her childhood, and come to her woman's heritage of trouble ? CHAPTER LL the poorest cottage- on Sir. Charles Adair's estate, people felt as though they had lost a friend when the hidings spread through the village that Dr. Yorke had been found dead in his bed, and the rival practitioner,, summoned in haste frorii Doveton Cross, declared it was heart disease of long standing, and that fee himself had warned his old friend of his danger. There would be no inquest-^—Dr.' Withers' testimony spared ihe need of that—buL'sotte ihe less, the suddenness of the calamity seemed terrible to Hie ^mplp"jiahfiy folks,, who iiaS seen * Dr. Yorke . W Ills" ^ g t b o r - - ^ - I her, only that the girl protested she could not leave the house which contained all that remained of her father. 1 Well, I suppose you must have your own way,' said my lady, not unkindly. ' Of course, yon have telegraphed for Mrs. Mason ?' : No, Rose had done nothing. She might have added that she had forgotten the very existence of Aunt Caroline. Her mind had room but for two thoughts—she had lost the -kindest dearest father girl ever had, and she was not his child really, but the daughter of that disreputable man at the ' Blue Lion. What would Cecil Mowbray do now that death had stepped in and robbed him of his victim ? He could not extort money now from Dr. Yoike for holding his tongue ; would he prey upon his own child ? Lady Adair, alarmed at Rose's strange stony despair, telegraphed to Mrs. Mason of her own accord, and towards evening on that fatal Saturday the bustling widow arrived. Hhedesire to know if he had left her any of his savings, and if he had ap pointed her guardian to his spoilt child. Mrs. Mason was poor and had a large family. It would suit her very well to come to Rose Cottage and make a home for her niece (at the latter's own expense) until she came of age. But a surprise awaited her. Mary to Id her quietly that Miss Rose was lying down and could not be disturbed. ' Dr. Withers seemed to think that the shock has been too . much for her madam,' said the faithful old servant, ' and he's given her a composing draught ; he said she'd sleep right on till morning. Mr. Dobbs was here this afternoon, and he said he'd look in again later on the chance of seeing you.' This was interesting. Mr. Dobbs was the lawyer from Doveton Cross. His desire to see Mrs. Mason seemed to imply she had a legacy from Dr. Yorke, and the widow received her visitor very graciously when be appeared. 'This is a most extraordinary business,' he began ; 'but I trust you, madam, can throw some light on it' ' I thought Dr. Withers had done that; he said it was heart disease.' it is the living I am anxious about. I must tell you frankly your brother left no will; he always intended to make one, but, like many other people, put off the duty till too late.' ' Then, of course, Rose takes everything "—here Mrs. Mason gave a little sigh. ' He might have re-. membered his widowed sister.' Mr Dobbs fidgeted with his bat ' I believe you were ia India at the time of Dr. Yorke's marriage, 1 he began awkwardly, ' but, of course, you were acquainted with his wife? ' ' I never set eyes on her,' said Mrs. Mason ;' she was a foreigner —someone he met at Malta." ' But you can supply me with her maiden name, and the date of the marriage ?' 1 No. I can't; I tell you I never heard much of my sister-in-law, but I am sure her marriage would be legal. Dr. Yorke had lived so much abroad, he would know the 1 caution needed in attending to the peculiarities of foreign law. I have soBaetimes fancied it was an unhappy marriage, because he "never by any chance alluded to it.' 4 A man called on me this morning with the most extraordinary story.' said Mr. Dobbs ; * he maintains that Dr. Yorke was never married at all* but thatiiiteen r or sixteen years ago ™ * % A t^-*-* - ^ v he bought a'cmldfejfar rtiy visitor.* ' Absurd V said Mrs. Mason. 'Men, don't buy children ia" ia Christian country.' ' Well, Mowbray's story " rather staggered me. He declared his wife had been engaged to Dr. Yorke but had jilted your brother in his own favour ; lie says they were in great straits when they parted with their child, and 4hat he has: letters from- Dr. Yorke referring to; the transaction/ Mrs. Mason looked very .grave. 1 1 don't see his object ^ does he want .to claim JJose NOW? ' .own sho 1 ivfo be Jrhold gii 