CHAPTER XIII. In Olivia'a bed-room, high in the wall, was one large window with a deep embrasure, surmounted, as the windows in the front of the Castle were, by a pointed Gothic arch. To reach this window, Olivia had to climb, by the aid of a chair, upon a eumbrous oak linen-press, upon the dusty roof of which she loved to seat herself, and, opening the leaded casement, gaze over the misty marshes towards the sea. On this particular night a felling of intense unrest and excitement possessed the girl. Retiring early to her room, and locking herself in, as was her custom, she climbed at once to her favorite perch and threw the window open. Then, struck by a sadden thought, she paused to gaze, not at the moonlit landscape, but, with curious eyes, under frowning brows, round her own apartment. It was an immense room, far too large for either comfort or prettiness. It was so large that Olivia's decorations seemed lost, and her bedstead and sofa and chairs, her tables and knick-knacks she had brought from school, her great travelling trunks covered with tapastry, her piano from Paris, and all her other belongings barely sufficed to furnish a third of the space. Until the present moment the stern and bare appearance of the place had failed to daunt Olivia's spirits ; no ghosts of dead-and-gone monkas or marauders had disturbed her slumbers. She had been wont to feel some pride in the thought that this was the best room in her father's house—the home of the ancesters who, in cavalier times, when the property became theirs by purchase, had been a family of distinguished gentlemen, at the head of which was a gallant knight, Sir Thomas Atte Bourn, who had fought well in the king's cause, To-night however a new feeling j awoke in Olivia's breast, a feeling that Wythinge was less a home than a prison to her, and that all about her were jealous gaolers, from whose watchful eyes she would find it hard to escape. ' Uncle William, aunt Maggie, James Nairn,' she said to herself as, perched on the linen press, she slowly unplaited her long fair hair-—' how oddly they treat me if any one from the world outside speaks to me ! And why should not I speak to whom I please ? I am answerable to no one in the world but my father!' Tears suddenly streamed from her eyes—tears which were almost unknown to Olivia. But to-night she was over-excited, moved by feelings such as had been unknown to her until within the last twenty-four hours, and the yearnings to see her beloved father again broke down all her self-control. There was no one to see her, no one to pity or reprove, and for some minutes she wept on with the passionate abandonment of an unhappy child. 'Oh, why doesn't he come home — why doesn't he come to me ?' she sobbed. 'I don't feel I ought even to let myself get fond of Maurice without letting him know ; he would feel hurt if I did not tell him first. And I don't even know where he is. Supposing he is ill—dying—even dead perhaps —' the murmured words seemed to freeze upon her lips. She had uttered half aloud what, until that moment, she had hardly dared to think. For a few moments she sat perfectly still, with a rapidly-beating heart, held by the horror of the thought. The night wind, blowing down into the room, caused the solitary candle upon her dressing-table to flicker and waste; if she did not hasten, Olivia would have no light but that of the moon to go to bed by, as was often the case. But a multitude of new thoughts, sensations, and ideas were crowding in upon the girl, causing her to forget for the time her actual surroundings. Love, grief, and anxiety fought for the mastery within her, and together with these feelings an intense regret and self-reproach for her treatment of Maurice that morning welled up in Olivia's heart. 'I was unkind and rude and cruel to him !' she told herself, ' I am a downright little beast for treating him like that, but to hear myself called ' Maurice's girl with the red elbows and the yellow hair'—wasn't it enough to make me mad ? And, as I couldn't punish them, I had to punish him. But it was horribly unfair; aad how nicely he took it—getting red under his sunburn, and turning from me in that hurt way. I wanted to run after him and rub my cheek against his sleeve; but, instead of that, I went on being nasty to him. ' I must really have a hatelul disposition, but things are so strange and difficult here. Every one in Africa, from my dear father downwards, petted and spoiled me, and in Paris I was Madame Aristide's favorite pupil, aind the head girl of the school when I left. But here I don't seem to belong to anybody. I think uncle William means to be kind sometimes, but he stares at me as if he were afraid of me, and there is something dreadful about hjm and his horrible dog too. And Aunt Maggie, though she won't let one go out of her sight, is strangely stiff in her manner and treats me more like a visitor she doesn't like than a niece. I am given the best of everything, and allowed to spend my two pounds a week of pocket money, which Mr Sylvester sends me every quarter from London, on myself, and Aunt Maggie won't even let me put part of it into the housekeeping ; and yet, while nobody wants rne, I am never allowed to go anywhere without a guard! ' It's just as if I were a prisoner of war.' ' A prisoner! Yes—that is what I seem to be!' she cried, suddenly springiug up on her Iofty perch, a strange fairy-like figure in the vast shadowy room, with the moonlight pouring through the window behind her on her loosened yellow hair. ' I may not speak to anyone outside the walls, and if I ever marry, I must marry one of my gaolers. I am to be teased and coaxed and frightened into that. ' But they don't understand me if they think they can bully the daughter of Laurence Bourn. 'I will tell Maurice the next time I see him, that I love him, and instead of teasing him, I will confide in him and ask him to help him, I will get him to go up to London for me and see Mr Sylvester, and ask him to advance me some money, so that I can get to South Africa to find my father. I have some money saved, but I don't think it would be enough, and I don't know anything about London, and I couldn't find my way alone. ' But Maurice will help me, and I will never be unkind to him any more, but will just show him what I really feel. I am sure he will understand that I seemed ill-tempered to him, and to Ivy too, to-day only because I feel so wrong and out ot place here. What would be the use of all the time and money spent in teaching me drawing, painting, dancing, riding, French, German, Italian, and music, if I am to live here year after year, and am not allowed to help Aunt Maggie for fear of spoiling my hands, and am not allowed to speak to any one outside the farm who has been educated as I have ? ' As to James Nairn, even if I hadn't met Maurice I wouldn't have married him, I feel certain that when he gets a wife he will beat her. To hear him talk about women alone makes me long to throw something at him. A woman, according to him, is only put into the worId to make things nice and comfortable for men, and to bring up children—the boys as bullies and the girls as slaves. If she is pretty, she has, while she is young, kisses and presents to help her with her work ; but that doesn't last long and her position ia the same in the end. 'As to love, James Nairn doesn't know what it means. He thought Maurice must be mad to propose to me as soon as he saw me. He even tried to make me dislike Maurice by telling me he had shot down-in cold blood an Englishman who refused to obey orders. As if I cared! He would not have shot the man if it hadn't been the- right thing to do; he couldn't do a thing that was not brave and straightforward. And he might shoot a regiment of James Nairns without making me like him any the less. ' I needn't worry so much about my father not knowing about Maurice. When I find him, I am certain that he will like him. I— She stopped short, her attention arrested by a low whistle, three times repeated. It certamly sounded like a signal, but a signal to whom, and from whom ? Could it be.Maurice? She listened intently, with her head out of the open window, and holding her breath. The whistle sounded again more clearly. Without a doubt, it came from some one who was standing where Maurice had stood in the afternoon of the proceeding day. From the height at which her window was placed it was impossible for Olivia to distinguish clearly in the shifting moonlight anything at that distance. But, as she stretched forward as far as possible, she caught sight of the tall figure of a man in a light overcoat, and wearing a soft felt hat, who was at that moment stepping back from the wall, and, evidently having perceived and recognised her, was making signs to attract her attention. ' Maurice, of course !' she told herself, with a throb of delight. How should it—how could it be any other than he ? From the sentinal-path half way up the Castle walls she could at least speak to him, and without waiting even to fasten up her flowing hair, Olivia scrambled down from the linen-press, and pushing aside the serge hangings upon the walls of her room at one particular point, opened a small door immediately which was a narrow winding stone staircase, while at the foot of this was another door opening on to the terrace. At the widest point the sentinel walk was not more than three feet across. The wall which bordered the terrace was between three and four feet high, and was cut into battlements and thickly hung with ivy, and just at the spot where she had leaned over on the preeeeding day, Olivia bent now, scanning with eager eyes the misty marshes for her lover, her yellow hair falling in a soft tangle about her face and neck. ' Olivia !' She could hear the whisper and the love that thrilled through it—could discern dimly, under the man's soft felt hat, his handsome features and fair moustache, and, nothing doubting, she whispered back— ' Maurice !' There was a pause. The tall man in evening-dress and light overcoat drew back further into the shadow of the wall, and she could see that he was pulling his hat farther over his eyes. But at that moment a cloudrack swept over the face of the moon and hid him from her. ' Darling,' was the next murmur that came up from below, ' you are not angry ?' 'No!' 'I have a present for you.' ' A present ?' ' Yes, catch !' Something was flung dexterously up, and as dexterously caught by her. Then ' Good night, sweetheart!' reached her ears; and, when next she leaned overs straining her eyes for a sight of him, she saw that he was moving rapidly away in the direction of the churchyard. A little disappointed at the shortness of his stay, Olivia returned up the winding staircase to her own room, and here, as her candle flickered lower and lower, she unfastened and examined the small packet that had been flung up to her. Upon a slip of paper, headed ' The White House, Canwell Park,' were written, in a masculine hand, the words— ' To my dear little-girl in the sunbonnet who stole my heart at first sight.' And wrapped in tissue-paper underneath lay a little brooch in the form of a daisy composed of choice diamonds and pearls. (to be continued.) 