MISCELLANEOUS WORKS. "The; Makers- of Modern Prose," by W. J. Dawson (London: HoddtT and ^tough ton), is, ;if tlic .-ub-t'.ile "a popu lar handbook to the greater pro-e- wnter* of tliff century." Indeed, it goes beyond the period named, a^ the first mx chapters tre.it ot Johnson, Goldsmith, Burke, and Gibbon. Tlie writers of this century dealt with by Mr. Dawtson are Macaulay, Lan der, l)e ^uiiacy, Lamb, Carlyle, E.nerson, Froude, Kr-kin, N'ewman, and F. W. Robert son. Tlie list is not exhaustive, and it init-lit be urged that Uazlitt, Hawthorne, Thackeray, and Stevenson are at- much en titled to inclusion as several of tlie others. However, the )'>t in fairly representative of the pivat (iro-e-v.-ritet> and master* of style of the la»t hundred and thirty year->. Mr. Daw-Mill i- a very fair and able critic, and hi* e.-ti:n:ite< of the authors named are im partial and discriminating. The chapters on Macaulay nay he specially singled out for prai.-i- ^ an excellent summary of the great chief characteristics, in which his stents and defects are weighed in the balance with care and judgment. The criticisms of Carlyle and Kin-kin are also very good. Mr. Dawsoh's volume can be rec-ommended as a useful introduc tion to modern English prose-writers. (Be- ( ceived from Melville and Mullen.) '"iSome Experiences of an Irish R.M.," by E. SomerviHe a;id Martin Ross (Longmans, 1 Green, and Co.t, is a lively book of slender character, but of an amusing style. It eon sifts of the experiences of an imaginary Major Yeates, who, after much trouble, ob tains the position of a resident magistrate in the West of Ireland. He ^oe« over to take possession, choose a house, and make preparations for the arrival of bis bride, l'hilippa. The English oflieer iinds the life in Galwa.v very different from anything he liad known, or heard of, or even dreamt about, and, in a series of twelve racy sketches, he describes the place, its people, and its excitements, sue!) as they are. First comes a sketch of the house, a great ram bling place, more pretentious than rain proof. »Sbine fun arises out of the gho6t of Great-uncle M'Carthy, a former owner, who met a violent death in it, but even tually the ghost is resolved into a reckless couple, who, having been engaged as care takers while the hou$e was empty,returned to it surreptitiously, and occupied a remote garret by day, and prowled around at night, whence the disappearance of chicken-pie and Scotch whisky. An Irish fox-hunt,: the local races, an unlucky yachting trip, and much more of the same sort are de scribed in a rollicking style,*with plenty of burlesque of the Lever sort. On the whole, however, the model taken seems to be rather the manner of Jerome J£. Jerome,. But it is fresh enough for all that, because the people are evidently drawn from life (whe ther the originals of the portraits will like It is another story), and they npe- an emi nently racy set. The author sees life through sarcastic spectacles. On JandTjor on sea, at honae or abroad, life is trita rather & wearfpefcf. Man 'ir woaMiq. $1$ or young, married or single, good- lookingo): " -fee hutnjm tace Is - a multitude of j£pue ,«r«atunM^ generally rogues, and realises as he resds that the author never intended them to be anything of the kind. All he wants us to do is to laugh at a whim sical delineation of a life that is widely dir ferent from our own, and he certainly i; successful. 