SOCIAL GOSSIP* VANITY FAIR By J. M. D. LONDON, June 22. Mrs. Gladstone died a few days ago, ana waE buried in Westminster Abbey in ac cordance witJi the ingenious bargain made by the family in 1898. She bad virtually ceased to live, bad been going out like a flickering lamp, since her husband died; so there was nothing to say, and the papers pass over this death without dwelling on it. B Mrs. Gladstone was simply an ideal wife, as he was an ideal husband, and that is all that can be said about it. For many years past Mrs. Drew, one of her daughters, bad taken social* duties, entertaining and management generally, off her mother's shoulders. The Gladstone coterie was, of course, the most unblushing mutual ad miration society in the world. But that was largely the fault of toadies and inter ested outsiders, who could not under the circumstances be kept at a distance. The Queen, by her privilege, and ' Lord Salisbury because of the terror he iuspires, can fend off the horde of worshippers, flatterers, would-be biographers, and mis cellaneous people on the make, who besiege the homes of the great. Gladstone, in his latter years, chose to Jive in the gaze of the public, and was accordingly exploited by a set of-atrocious humbugs. The most faithful adherent of" the Gladstones, through thick and thin, Frank LawJey, of the "Daily Telegraph," formerly the G.O.M.'s private secretary, gives the de ceased lady three columns in that paper. Nobody read it. Lawley used to tell a story of Mrs. Gladstone complaining on one occasion of her grievances, which I wish I could give here, but can't. The third Duke of Wellington lias just died, at the early age of 54. An enormously stout, comfortable-looking man, he was the most striking contrast to his great ?ancestor. At Strathfieldsaye-"the ugliest house in England"-lie was known as a model landlord. The Duchess was one of the famous daughters of Colonel Williams, jjf Temple-house, not far from Windsor. Thirty years ago, in the simple days, when girls who vent to races and "lived on the river" were considered "fast," the tall and dashing Misses Williams were celebrities at Windsor, and the entire Brigade of Guards, out of pure esprit de corps, were in love with them at the same time. . I can recall a steeplechase meeting at Windsor when they, were the only ladies on the coarse. Among the owners andriders that day were Pemberton, of the Guards, killed, as -"The Times'* corre spondent, hy a chance shot at Spicheren, in 1870; Bhiitdell, of' the Guards, whose nephew was shot by the Boers under a flag of truce at Modaer River'fight; Studd, the Indigo planter, Whose son, the cricketer, became & missionary in China; Arthur Yates, riding his first steeplechase in public; little Dakin, of the.-Dragoons, riding about his last race before he went to Australia ? Jim Mason, who had ridden Jjottery in the Liverpool, and other ghosts. Colonel. Henry WflieStey, of (he Grena diers, finally marked .one Miss Williams,' and liis brother, who now succeeds him I &s; Duke of Wellington, another. The' tMgkUhir legend used to he that Kate Faughan's husband, Colonel Fred Welles ley-Hunde of Lord Cowley, a different n of the family altogether-would he e next Duke of Wellington. He. by the fc&y;, divorced the fair Kate in 1807. This year's Ascot/waB very natuwlly * 6ubd.ued and. tame affair. It looks hearts to make a erand flfoow and to acDearin the beat of racing spirits when so- many; good feilowe era far, far away in the vici nity of death. Besides, the usual regi- . mental drags and tents simply weren't there. They give life to Ascot, lor(soldiera are desperately inearnest about their hos pitality. Forlorn women, , of course, abounded, but in more sober1 and neutral colours than of recent years, Last year and the year before biasing colours, kaleido scopic hats especially, were the rule. This year the dresses were greys, drabs, or fawns, and the hats mostly black. Female dress and the Amount of colour therein reflects very closely the temper of the public-the mood of exhilaration or of restraint. For seven years, until Gladstone and Home Rule were finally outflanked and sent to St. Helena, subdued colours prevailed. The general election of 1895 brought gaiidy, pii mary tints into fashion again. .Now liruger once more sobers us/ True, London streets just at present show not the slightest evidence that the nation is concerned with wars and rumours of war. The West £nd is more densely packed with life, colour, and movement than ever. The architectural experts de clare that London is becoming the ugliest city in the world. No doubt modern archi tecture is decaying, our new buildings re vealing a hopeless condition of artistic de basement outwardly, "the internal fittings being by Maple and Co. Limited." Hut no body has time to look at the upper stories of a London house, and there is plenty to amuse you down below. Of coursc, a great many Londoners are economising. The picture sales and the fabulousTprices rea lised by Dutch "masters"-the latest craze which has succeeded the rage for the eigh teenth century English school-would seem to prove that there is an inexhaustible supply of money for luxuries. But the buyers of expensive pictures are mostly Americans or foreigners. Hundreds of thousands of pounds are still flowing out of the country, to South Africa mainly. Of course, it will all "come back again." But not just yet. The first of the great military bazaars netted £27,000, and another was opened at Olympia to-day. Selling at bazaars is very hard and exhausting work, and the mana gers of the Olympia affair have wisely en listed non-commissioned officers from vari ous regiments to help. Verily, the British sergeant has undergone an evolution since the Peninsular days. He is a new type al together. Not long ago a man I know, an army tutor or "crammer," being out of employment, went to live at Woolwich, thinking that he might there form a class - of officers studying for promotion. He didn't get any officers, but in answer to his advertisements numbers of sergeants in the R.A. and R.E. became his pupils, and he is doing a capital business. He says that he never met more gentlemanly and intelligent men. Last night Mr. Chamberlain enjoyed the luxury of making a speech without having to prove that he ought not to be executed, or that other people ought. The rare occa sion was the inauguration of the Corona Club, to bring together clubable members of the Colonial Service at home and abroad. The marvel is that such a club was not es tablished long ago. The moving spirits in the new enterprise are Baillie Hamilton, of the C.O., and Sir E. W. G. Herbert, and if they can't make the Corona Club a suc cess, nobody can. The Countess of De La Warr, Lord Brassey's third daughter, has just given birth to the first of the war ba hies of title, a small Viscount Cantelupe. The Earl ana father got hit and was nearly taken pri soner the other day while with Bullets force, as everyone in Australia knows. This event in the family deprives Lord Suekville, the new baby's grand-uncle, of the succes sion to the earldom of De La Warr. The most notab!e of khaki marriages is that ar ranged between Mr. G. C. West, of the Scots Guards, son of the beautiful Mre. Cornwallis West, some 25 years of age, to Lady RandolphChurchill, whose son is older than the bridegroom. Lady Randolph is one of the makers of history and an em pire-builder. Marrying her entails Imperial responsibilities. During the long peace, now terminated, gossip used to assign Lady Randolph to Mr. William Waldorf Astor, and to one of the Rothschilds. She cer tainly grows handsomer year by year-as American women often do, provided they keep their complexion. The American Je romes, of whom Lady Randolph was one, are really of French, and not American, de scent. Of Lord Loc-h, who died yesterday, you in Australia knew as much as we did. After his last Governorship, that erf Cape Colony -the true history of which cannot be writ ten until everybody is dead-he retired from official life, in order to devote his time to directorships. Some of the latter brought him satisfaction and increase of esteem-others did not. It is a thankless occupation. His tall son, now at the front, is a fine young fellow, a perfect hoy still. 