"- IN i-AUV00." Br R. W. CHAM?MEBRs "God's in His Heaven,"and all is well" The long drought esided with a cloud burst. in the Western mountains, which tore a new slide down the ifank of Lynx Peak and scarred the gilded dome from summit to base. Then storm followed storm, bursting through the mountain notch and sweeping the river into the meadows, where the' haycocks were already afloat and'the gaunt mountain cattle floundered bellowing. The stage from. White Lake arrived at noon with the mail,. and the driver walked into the!post-office and slammed the soaking-mail-saick on the floor. • Gracious r' said the little post mistress. "Yes 'm," said the stage-driver irre levantly; "them letters is wetter am' I'm madder 'n- a swimmin' shanchai ! Upsoti Yes 'ni-in Snow Brook. Road's awash, meaddera is flobded? an' the water's a.swashin' an' a-sloshin' in them there galoshes" . He waved. one foot about carelessly, scattering muddy spray, then Lalanced himself alternately on heels and toes to hear the water wheeze in his drenched boots. "There must be a-hole in the mail pouch," said the' post-mistress in gentle distress. There certainly was. The letters were soaked; the wrisppers on newspaper and parcel hadbL?ome detached; the interior of the GCvernment's mail-pouch re sembled' the preliminary stages of a ',aper-pul rvait.. But the post-mistress worked so diligently among the debris that by one,o'clock she had sorted and placed in. separated, numbered boxes every letter, newspaper, anel parcel, save nie. That was ii letter directed to " James Helm, Esq:, Namvoo, via .White Lake;" and it was so wet, and the gum that sealed it was.so nearly dissolved, that the post-mistress decided to place "it be tween blotters, pile two volumes of Government agricultural reports on it, and leave. it until dry.;, One by" dinetlie population of Naivoo come dripping 'into the post-office for the nail 'slopped out into the storm again, umbrellas cronched "in the teeth of the wind. But Janes Helm. di.! not come for his letter. The little po..'istress slt alone in her office and looked'out into her garden. It was ,a .ery wet garden; the holly 'hocks still'raisedtheir flowered spikes in the air; the nasturi;iums andthe verbenas and the pansies weren beaten down and lying proie' iw' muddy puddles. She wondered rwhethler they would ever raise there heads-again-those delicate flower 'fraces that: she knew so' well, her only friends in.Nonvoo. - Through the louit drought she had tended thij: ' Ministering to their thirst, ,,rotecting them from their enemies the weeds,and frcm the great fuzz, brown 'and yellow caterpillars which travelled over the fences guided by iuntinct, and a: atging. appetite. Now each frail flower had laid its slender length along'the earth, and the 'little post-mistress watched them wi?tfully from hlr rain-stained window. She had exiected, t. part with her lowera; 'she' was 'going away 'for k&r; in .a :few days-somewhere ihe ..as , not., jet quite certain ivhere....But szow that her flowers lay prone, bruised 'and broken, the idea of leaving them behind'her distressed her sorely.,'. .. ' . She picked dp he. crutch and walked to the door. It',was no use; the rain Ssarped Iherback. She sat down,by the windor Ito' watch bher wounded flowers. . There was sqmething else that dis treased her, too, although the paradox or parting froma. person she had never miet ouiht to lmt?e `appiealed to her sense i humour. . But she did not think of that; she haidnevei- since she had been host-miistress in Nauvoo. snoken one word to James] Helm, nor had he ever spoke to her. He had a key to his letter-box lie always came toward even ig,. It sas exactly a year ago to-day that Helm camL; to Nauvoo-a silent, pallid youn, fellow, with unresponsive eves, aunda bearingof a gentleman. He was cordi:illy detested iii Nanvoo. For a year she watlhed him enter the pst- office, unlock his letter?box, swing on his heel and walk a, ay .with never a glance at her, nor a sign of recognition to any of the village people who might be there. She heard people exchange unc. aplimnentary •-opinions- concerning hinm; st e heard "him sneer.d at, de nounced, slandered. ifaturaylly being' young and lonely, end quite free.frommalico towards a:ny body, she had timse to constrnct a ,romance around Helm-a very innocent ruomance of well-wijrn pattern, and on . most isorigihiid lines. Into' this rom.nce she s6ometimes conducted her self, blnush~lgsi'ieiretly at lier mental indiscretidi,, Wh'ici indiscretio sod wor ried hier thah she dared not even look at Hela. thate veninR whe: he came for his mail. She weas s grave gentle thing -a ehild still whbse childhood had been a tragedy, and whose womauhood, pro mised only'!,that: shadow cf happiness called contentiment, which comes from a ,blameless life :ind a nature which ac cepts sorrow without resentment. Tlinkin), of Helnl as she sat there by the window, she heard the .:ffioo clock striking live.' Five was Helm's usual hour so she hid her crutch. It was her one vanity-that heshould not know sLe was lame. She ross and lifted the two volumes of -gricultural repdyts from the blotters where Helm's letter lay, then she care fully raised ene blotter. To her dismay half the envelope stuck to the blotting iaper, leaving the contents of the letter open to her view. On the half envelope lay an object apjiatently se peculiarly terrifying that the little post-mistress caught her breath und turned :quite white at sight of it. An lyet it-was ,only a squire bit of paper, perfectlyj blank save for half a dozen thread'-like lines scattered through its texture. For . o lo,, while the post-mistress stood staring at the 'half envelope and the bit of blank, paper. Then with trembling fingers she lighted a lamp and held the little piece of paper over the chimney carefully. When the paper was warm she rdised it to the light and read the scrawl that the sympathetic pen revealed:- '"I send }on a sample 6f the latIst style fibre. Look out for the (' new poet-master.at Nanuoo. He's a Secret Service sry, and he's been seat to .ee whant you are doing: This is the last letter I dare send 1ou by miil." There sas no signature to the niessage, hut a signatqre was not necessary to tell the post-mistres's who had written the letter. With set lips and tearless eyes she' watched the writing fads slowly .on the paper, mand when again the paper was blank she sank down by the window, laying lier head in her arms. A. few moments Helm came in wrapped "in "t shining" wet mackintosh. He glanced at his box, saw it was empty,. wh:PeledI squarely on his heels and walked Saw'.lrds sunset the rain dissolved to n.sat; a, trail. of vrmoar which marked the course of an unseen brook floated high among the:. heilocks. There was noh wind; thefeaitherv tins-of the pines,. powdeied. with:raiaspray, rose motion les-in tlie stillair."' Suddenly the sun's reu seairclight b layed throuigh the foare? loui'-warRh rays fell across wet muss rin drenched forms dripped, the swamp steamed. In the east the thunder still boomed, and faint lightning flashed under the smotherof sombre clouds; but the storm had rolled off among the mountains, and already a white throated sparrow was calling from the edge of the clearing. Itpromised to be a calm evening in Nanuvoo. ~Meanwhile, Helm walked on down the' muddy road, avoiding the puddles which the sun turnedinto pools of liquid flame. He heard the cat-birds mewing in- the alders; heheard the evening carol of the robin-that sweet, sleepy,. thrush-like warble which always promises a melody that never follows; he picked a spray of.rain- drenched hemlock as he passed, crushing it in his firm, pale fingers to inhale the fragrance. Now in the glowing evenir- sky the bull-bats were soaring and trembling, and the tree frogs trilled from the darkling pastures. Around the bend in the road his house stood all 'alone, a small, singled storied cattagein a tangled garden. He passed in at his gate, but instead of un locking the front door he began to ex amine the house as though he bad never before seen it; he scrdtinised every window, he made a cautious,: silent tour of the building, returning to stare again at the front door. The door was locked; henever left thu house without locking it, and he never returned without approaching the house in alert silence as though it might conceal an enemy. There was no scund of his footfalls as! he mounted the steps; next instant he was inside the house, his back against the closed door--listening. 'As usual, he heard nothing except the ticking of a clock somewhere in the house, and as usual he slipped his revolver, back inte the side packet of his coat and- fitted a key into the loor on his left. The room was pitch dark; he lighted a candle and helt it up, shading his eyes with a steady hand. Ther, was a table aud one chair in the room.; the table was littered with en graver's tools, copper plates, bottles of acid, packets of fibre paper, and photu graphic paraphernalia. A camera, a reading-la p, an-i a dark lantern stood on a shelf besides a nickel-plated clock, which ticked sharply. The two windows in the room had becu sealed up with planks over which sl-et-iron was nailed. The door alsd. had been reinforced. .-ith sheet-iron. From a peg jbove it a repeating rifle hmlnL festooned with' two cartridg- belts. When he had filled his lamp from a can of kerosene he lighted it and sat down to the, task befor;' him with even less interest than ustual, and his interest had been: wanin for .week. For the excit'es.ent that makes crime interestin, had subsided, at.d the novelty. was gone. There was no longer anything in his crime that appealed to his intellect; the problem of successfully accomplishing crime was no longer a problem to him. He had solved it. The twelve months' work o,, the plate before him demon strated this; the "late was perfect, the counterfeit =. absolute facsimile. The Govri.nment" stood to lose whatever ho chose to tak:_ from it. As an artist in engraving, and as an intellii,nt man, Helm was, or had been, prou t oi his work. :9ut for that very reasoe, because h; was an artist, he had tired of his masterpiece, and waanlready fingering a new 'plate, vaguely meditit-, ing, better and more -a4bitious work. Wh* not?. Why should hn net emplky his splendil skill and superb nacurac in something original? That is %:here the artist, and the artisae part bompan, the artisan is always content to copy; the artist, once master ' his, tools creates. In Helm the artist was 'now in the ascendait; he dreamed' of engraving living. things direct from Natura-the depths of forests shot with annshine, the scrubby uplands against" a sky. crowded witlh cL- uds,-and, perhaps, 'cattle nosing for herbage'among the rank fcrns and tangl?, briars of a scanty pasture-per ha.s even the sky, wild country children bhare- headed and naked of knee and shoulder, starin,, half tamed, from the roadside brambles. It is, of course, possible thatHelmni was a natural-born criminal, yet' his motive for trying his skill at counterfeiting was re e. ge and not purso*al gain. He had served his apprenticeship in the Bureau of Engraving an.: Printing. He had served the Government for twelve years through three Administra tions. Being a high-salaried employee the Civil'Service gave him no protection when a quadrennial double - slidlle changed the politics of Administration. He was thrown aside like a shabby gar ment \hlich has served its purpose, a-nd although Lr years he had know? what. ultimate reward was reserved for those whom the Republie hires, he could never bring himself to believe that years of faithful labour :and a skill which in creased with every new task set could meet the common fate. So, when his resignation was requested, and when refusing indignantly, he was turned out, neck and heels, after his twelve years of faultless service, it changed the man terribly. He went away with revenge in his mind, and the skill and intelligence to accc- ml;liah it. But now that he had accoumlished it, and tho pint, was finished, and the Government at his mercy, the incentive to consummate his revenge lagged. After all, what could the revenge himself on P. The Govern zMent P-that huge, stupid, abstracthulk! Had it a shape, a form concrete, nerves, that it could suffer in its turn P Even if it could suffer, after all he was tired of suffering. There was no novelty in it. Perhaps his recent life"alone in the sweet, wholesome woods had Isooth?d a bitter and rebellious heart. There ,is a balm for leepeat wounds in the wind, and in thu stillness of a wilderness there is salve for soul3, As he sat there brooding or dreaming of the work he might yet do, there stole int. his senses that impalpable conscious ness of another presence, near, and com inl nearer. Alert, silent, he rose, and as he t~rued he heard the front gate click. In an instant he had extinguished lamp and candle, and stepping hack in to the'hallway, he laid his ear to the door. " In the silence he heard steps along the gravel, then on the porch. There was a pause; leaning closer to the door he could hear the rapid irregular breath ing of his visitor. Knocking began at last, a very gentle rapping, silence, another uncertain rap, then the souid of retreating steps from the gravel and the click cf the gate latch. With one hand covering the weapon in his c.at pocket he opened the door without a sound and stepped out. A young girl stood just cutside his mate. "Who are you, and what is yoqr business with this house P" he inquired grimly. The criminal in him was now in the ascendent. He saw in :anybody who approached his house 'the menace of discovery, perhaps an intentional and cunning attempt to entrap and destroy him. All that was evil in him came to the surface; the fear that anybody might forcibly frustrate his revenge if hd chose to reveng himslf -raised a demon in him that blanched his natu rally pallid face and started his lip muscles into that curious recession which in animals is the first symptom of the snarl. S"What do you want?" he repeated. "Why do you knock and then slink away P" " "I did not know you were at home," said the girl faintly. "Then why do you come knocking Who are you, anyway ?" he 'demanded harshly, knowing perfectly well who she was. "I am thepost- mistress at Nauvoo," she faltered, "that is, I was-- ." S"eally," he said, angrily, "Y'our e intelligence might teach you to go where s5 you are more' welcome. His brutality seemed to paralyse the Is girL She looked at him as though at- tl tempting to comprehend his meaning. si " Are you not Mr. Helm P" she asked in a sweet, bewildered voice. a "Yes, I am," he replied shortly. b I thought you were a geitleman," 'ise continued in the same stunned voice. b "I'm not," said Helm bitterly; "I fancy you will agreevwith me too. Good n night." He deliberately turned his back on w her and sat down on the wooden steps te of the porch; but his finely modelled ears were alert and listening, and when to his amazement he heard her open his b gate again and re-enter, he swung round with eyes contracting wickedly. h She met his evil glance quite bravely; y winching when he invited her to leave is the yard. But she came nearer, crossing the rank, soaking grass, and stood be side him where he was sitting. p " May I tell you something?" she asked timidly. n " Will you be good enough to pass your way," he answered, using. 5 "Not yet," she replied, and seated t herself onthe steps. The next moment 7 she was crying silently, but that only lasted until she could touch her eyes with her handkerchief. He stood above her on the steps. Perhaps it was astonishment that sealed his lips, perhaps decency. He had noticed that she was slightly lame, al. "though her sleinder figure appeared almost faultless. He waited for a mo ment. Far on the clearing's dusky cdge. a white-throated sparrow called persis- I tently to a mate that did not answer. If Helm still felt alarm or feared treachery his voice did not betray it. "What is the trouble ?" ie demanded` less roughly. She said without looking at him, "I 1 have dechived you. There was a letter t for you to-day. It came apart and-I found this." She held out a bit of paper. He took it mechanically. His face had suddenly turned grey. The paper was fibre paper. He stood there breathless, his face a ghastly, bloodless mask; and when he foundhis voice it was only the ghost of a voice. "What is all this about ?" he asked. "About fibre paper," she answered, looking up at him. "Fibre paper !" he repeated, con founded by her candour. "Yes - Government fibre, oo you think I don't know what it is P" For the first time there was bitterness in her voice, She turned partly -around, supporting her body on one arm. "Fibre paper! Ah, Yes--I know what it is," she said again. He looked her squarely in the eyes and he saw in her face that she knew what he was and what he had been doing in Nauvoo. The blood slowly stained his pallid cheeks. "Well," he said coolly, "what are you going to do about it ?" His eyes began to grow narrow, and the lines about his mouth deepened. The criminal in him, brdught to bay, watched every movement of the young girl before him. Tranquil and opti mistic, he quietly seated himself on the wooden steps beside her. Little he cared for her and her discovery. it would take more than a pretty lame girl to turn him from his destiny; and his destiny was what he chose to make it. He almost smiled at her. "So," he said, in smooth, even tones, "you think the game is up." "Yes, but nothing need harm you," she answered eagerly. "Harm me!" he repeated with an ugly sneer; then a sudden wholesome curiosity siezed him, and 'he blurted out. "But what do you care ?" Looking up at him she started to reply, and the words failed her. She bent her head in silence. "Why?" he demanded again. "I have often seen you," she faltered; "I have sometimes thought you were unhappy." "But why do you come to warn me ? People hate me in Nauvoo." "I do not hate you," she replied faintly. " Why?" " I don't knew." A star suddenly gleamed low over the forest's level crest. Night had fallen in Nauvoo. After a silence he said in an altered voice, "Am I to understand that -you came to warn a common criminal ?'' She did not answer. "Do you know what I am doing ?" he asked. " Yes.", "What?"' "You are counterfeiting." "How do you know ?" he said, with a touch of menace in his sullen voice. "Because-becanse--my . father did it." "Did what ?" "Counterfeited-what you are doing now!" she gasped. "That is how I know about fibre. I knew it the moment I saw it-Government fibre-and I klew what was on it; the flame justified me. And, oh, I could not let them take you, as they tool my zatuner, to pnrison zor an those years." "Your father !" he blurted out. "Yes," she cried, revolted; "and his handwriting is on that piece of paper in your hand." Through the stillness of the evening the rushing of a distant brook among the hemlocks grew louder, increasing on the night wind like the sound of a distant train on a trestle. Then the wind died out; a night bird whistled in the starlight; a white moth hummed up and down the vines over the porch. "I know who you are now," the girl continued; ' you knew my father in the Bureau of Engraving and Printing ?" "Yes." "And your name is not Helm." " No." "Do you not know that the Govern ment -matches discharged- employees of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing ?" "I know it." " So you changed your name ?" " Yes." she leaned nearer, looking earnestly into his shadowy eyes. " Do you know that an -officer of the Secret Service is coming to Nauvoo ?" "I could take the plate and go; there is time," he answered sullenly. "Yes-there is time." A dry sob choked her. He heard the i catch in her voice, but he did not move his eyes from the ground. His heart seemed to have grown curiously heavy; a strange inertia weighted his limbs. Fear, anger, bitterness-nay, revenge itsalf had died out, leaving not a tranquil mind, but a tired one. The pulse Iscarcely beat in his body. After a while the apathy of mind and body appeared to rest him. He was so tired of late. "Give me the keys," she whispered. "Is it in there? Where is the plate? In that room? Give me the keys." As in a dream he handed her his keys. r Through a lethargy, which was almost a \- stupor, he saw her enter his house; he heard her unlock the door of the room Swhere his plates lay. After a moment she found a match and lighted the i candles. Helm sat heavily on the steps, a his head on his breast, dimly aware that she was passing and repassing, carrying bottles and armfuls of tools and paper k and plates out into the darkness some where. It may have been a few minutes, it may have been an hour before she re ? turned to him on the steps, breathing 1 rapidly, her limp gown clinging to her a limbs, her dark hair falling to l'er shoulders. " "The Plates and acids will never be found." she said breathlessly; I pub everythinginto the swamp. "It is quick sand." For a long time neither spoke. At length she slowly turned away toward the gate; and he rose- and followed, scarcely aware of what he was doing. At that gate she stooped and pushed a dark object out of sight under the bushes by the fence. "Let me help you," he said, bending beside her. " "No, no, don't," she shimmered; " it is nothing." He found it and handed it to her. It was her crutch, and she .turned crimson to the roots of her hair... "Lean on me," he said.very.gently. The girl bit her trembling lip till the blood came. "" Thank you," she said; brushing back her tears; my crutch is enough--but you need not have known it. Kindness is comoarative; one can be too kind." He misunderstood her and drew back. "I forgot," he said quietly, "what privileges are denied criniinals." "Privilege," she ialtered. After a moment she laid one hand on his arm. "I shall be very glad.of your help," she said. "I am more lame than I wish the world to know. It. was. only the yanity-of a cripple that .refused you. But he thought' her very beautifnl as she passed with him out into the star light. 