THE SEA-CHEF TOWERS MYSTERY. (CHAPTER XXI. (Continued.) By J. D. HENNESSEY. AUTHOR OF “Wynnum,” “The Dis-Honorable.” “An Aus tralian Bush Track,” “A Lost Identity,” “The New Chum Farmer,” etc, etc. He had found out the eave from which the series of caves or passages led on to the rocks, and after carefully trimming the lamp, and seeing that he had matches handy in. case it should be c.own out, he groped his way in the direction of tho blow-hole. It was a longer distance than he hat! ex pected, and the path was steep in places and nigged, and fearful of the character of the path he proceeded with great caution. Tho occasional rush ot compressed air, and the awful gurgling screaip of the singular phenomena, told, him that a was working With vigor, and might he somewhat dan gerous to approach. He groped his way through several small coves which connected with each other, and was turning into a larger one in front when the blow-hole sent its contents surg ing up with exceptional force. The lido was now nearly at the full, and tho heavy swell had increased during the past hour or two. No lamp could have withstood the blast of compressed salt air ami, spray which now struck the detective with fu- force, and in a moment he was in darkness. Bruce was by no means deficient in phy sical pluck and personal 'courage, and he stood his ground, bracing himself firmly to withstand the rush of air and holding the extinguished lamp in iront of him. The darkness seemed like that of Egypt—one that could be felt—and for several minutes lie stood perfectly still in expectation of another motion from the blow-hole. As for a few minutes everything was quiet, he stood the lainn v upon the floor of the cave in readiness to strike a match and relight it, and bending upon one knee felt in his pocket for the matches. Ho stopped, however, for with his head thus bent he saw in front of him what seemed a subdued light glimmering in tho distance. Immediately he was on (lie alert. “Was it possible that there was anyone else down there?” For fully five minutes he remained thus watching, with every nerve strung to its utmost tension. Then ho commenced to creep nearer, and it occurred to him that it might be prosphorescent light from the sea-water ejected from the blowhole, and he moved nearer with more curiosity than alarm. Suddenly, however, ho lea)>ed to his feet. He had approached nearer to the mouth of the blowhole than he had expected, the passage had abruptly expanded into a somewhat lofty cave, and with a gurgling roar the thing was about to work. The volume of water this time rushed up with a weird, awful, deafening noise, such as Bruce could never afterwards find words to adequately explain, and the whole place was lit with a soft 'phosphorescent light. For a moment, as the' blast of air first s’ruck his face, Bruce closed h r s eyes and shrank back, but ho was still a good distance from the hole ; and as the first long wail and ’scream was followed by an other and a still louder one, he opened his eyes to look, and to his horror and aston’sh ment caught a glimpse of as fearful and ghastly a sight as probably ever appeared to mortal eyes. The blowhole, with all the strength of the Pacific Ocean operating it, was in act of ejecting a great volume of foaming, phosphorescent water, and in the very centre of it, suspended for a brief by its terrific force—every feature of the ghastly white face and head and body distinctly visible in tho gleaming light— was the corpse of Septimus Dorset. It was clad only in the sleeping garment in which Dorset on that fateful night had disappeared from Sea-Cliff Towers, and for a moment, which to Bruce seemed an hour, it liking over the obyss and was* then thrown headlong with ' a great wave of water and spray along the passage. Tho whole incident was so fearful and s ekening, and ghastly, and the cave and blowhole so unnatural, that for the moment tho detective staggered, and felt impelled, to floe from the awful surround ings of the place. A minute afterward (lie light was gone, and Bruce turned to grope his way back in the darkness with a fcel’ng of horror in his mind such as ho had never previously experienced. Two hours afterward *Se}unour found him on the floor of one of the caves in sensible. Ho had fallen over a ledge, and a hurt he then received, and tho previous excitement, were together too much even for his iron nerves, CHAPTER XXIX. THE REV. CHRISTOPHER BROAD FACE SEES A GHOST. It is no doubt necessary there should be sneaks in life ; but for all that we none of us like them. The private detective :a one of them ; tho self-important, high minded citizen, who, for the public good, goes about with a gimlet in his pocket to make spy holes so that he may give evi dence of the ill deeds of h : s neighbors, is another ; the sly boy of tho family, who, when he cannot get what ho esteems to he a fair share of the plunder, goes off to (ell mother that someone else is eating tho jam. furnishes another example. These and others arc all moro or less useful in their way. But It in singular, too, how men of raro ability, and in other respects of distin guished quaPties, will sometimes develop o liahit of laboring unwbrthy suspicions, and acquire enough of the sneak to annoy and seriously inconvenience tioilp, acquaintnces. \VQ From a public point of view, the RevSi Christopher Broadface was an all-round 1 exceptionally able man. In the pulpit ho ( looked at least half a head taller than he really woa, his maimer there was subdued , and dignitied, his elocutionary powers have j already been referred to, and he put an ; amount of heart and expression into his min- I istrations which caused him to be very gen- I orally popular with such of his parishoners as had no closer knowledge of him. Not that hi‘s everyday mode of life invariably mtfc w&h; dlsfavVor —witjh fchtj majority of the women folk, and a few old women of the masculine sex—ho was a great disci plinarian ; at inquiries into character, especially of young women, and the like, ho was on adopt. A petty scandal was meat and drink to him, and a ladies’ sewing meeting a place of delights. But the broadfaced little man had a very small soul, hence Grace Strong and the Doctor had never taken to him, and the reader will not be surprised to know that Beatrice Ballantyne very soon came to share their distrust There id always something in the very air of a man who habitually carries a gimlet in his coat-tail pocket which puts Sioneftt, thorough-going un suspicious people upon their guard ; and it was tx> in this case. He thought himself an eligible suitor for the hand of the mistress of Sea-Cliff Towers, but Beatrice Ballantyne would no more have mated with such a man than she would with . her gardener or her groom. . A large-hearted woman like Beatrice might have loved a scapegrace, but she never could have given her her.rt to a man she suspected of being a sneak. It it* strange, by the way, that a brother or a sister may be so dissimlar in character. Alice Broadface possessed the opposite qualities to her brother, w.hich perhaps accounted for the friendship which existed between herself and Grace Strong. Neither the latter nor the Doctor could feel at all cordial to the clergyman, but with the sister they were thoroughly at home. It has been stated that both the de tectives and certain officers of the -olice force had been actively searching for Mrs. Dalbert for several days, but without suc and yet the very night on wfhich Bruce and Seymour brought up the body of Raymond Ballantyne, she was in the vicinity- of Sea-Cliff Towers- She had not heard of the arrest of Seth Rosedale, and not guessing that the officers of the law were following her track, she had come out to Boa-Cliff In the hope of meeting with Rosedale, there being very important reasons why she wished to see him at once. It wae quite nine o’clock when, passing across the common, Mr, Bnndfaco saw a woman in front of him whom he took to be Mrs. Dalbert ; ho followed her for some distance, to find out if possible ; but she had hurried on towards Fernville. Having lior enter the house, and knowing tlwit the detectives were back /it the Towers, he hurried there to give them in formation which nrght, he thought, iead to her arrest. There was also another in ducement ; he thought that Dr. Strong had an unfair advantage for securing the good graces of Miss Ballantyne. and he wanted an excuse for calling at an unusual hour to learn something if possible of the general progress of affairs. Hurrying across the sandy common, he might have been heard saying to himself: "Dr. Strong is evidently making the best of his opportunities, and will work himself into the favor of Miss Ballantyne as much as he possibly can. It is a irreat wfcy there has been all this terrible trouble at the Towers, but, as the proverb says, ‘lt's an ill wind that blows no one any good, and it is evident Strong is making (ho most of it.” He walked up the avenue and across the lawn to the terrace facing the front of the mansion. Here, to his surprise, he found the large hall-door wide open. There were fights shining in numerous windows of the houtiO, and jthe thought occurred to him to wa,lk ritraighfe into <the * haunted chamber,’ where he hod heard the two de tectives were quartered, and give ihem (ho information direct, without, in the first in stance, arousing the inmates of the man sion. "No doubt they have left the entrance door open for the sake of the fresh air this hot night,” he sa : d. There was no one about, so ho slopped into {lie hall and coughed and , waded a moment ; but there was no response. The door leading into the haunted room was right in front of him. He hesitated n minute, but then walked across and opened it A light burnt dimly, and near (to win dow he saw a figure sitting in a chair. "Is that you, Mr. Bruce?” ho asked in a hesitant and apologctical tone of voice. There was no response whatever. "He must be asleep,” he whispered to himself. "And no wonder,” he continued, "seeing tho time that thov have- been up, and the knocking about thev have had. It looks more like Bruce than Seymour. I will touch him and awaken him,” Anyone who has placed his hand upon the long dead body of a corpse will know how different tho feeling is when compared to worm, palpitating flesh. On feeling thn shoulder Mr. Broadface was startled, and at once turned around to look at the face, "Mv God!” ho exclaimed, "it’s Raymond Ballantyne!” Tie Mood for a moment in the dim Imht gax : ng at tho fearful thing in front of him. and then turned and absolutely, lied. In his haste ho collided against trees ard shrubs, but ho staggered on .nore like a drunken man than i\ highlv-rospectable clergyman. Once outside the big white gate and clear of the ho-breathed piore freely, bul his white lips were com pressed, and ho'quickened his pace home ★AW'jjf!. )*] . -w . “That awful/phmfc!” ho ejaculated, “I'll Jiever--e threshold of it. Tho UJW&C; episode was bad enough ; thon , disappeared for a time, and now the detectives'are gone, and t in their room there is tho corpse or ghost [of Raymond Bollantyne. Mystery and horror upon horror.” “Christopher, whatever is the matter w|th youtC exclaimodi'' Alipe Broadface when her brother staggered rather than walked into tho parlor whore she sat wait ing for him. “Bring me some brandy, Alice,' he said. Without a word she hurried into tho din* ing- room for the spirit. Ho drank nearly half a tumbler of it at a draught. “I mu only a bit faint and exhausted,” ho said, “don’t ask any questions Until tho morning.” When tho morning came, however, ho was just as reticent. “I was feeling tired and ill,” was all that- hia sister could get out of him, Tho fact was his previous experience of tho mystery of i5ea-Clitf Towers had been? sufficient to dc<ermino him that in hia case “the least laid the soonest mended,” and he resolved (o keep his own counsel ; ho had seen no one, - and os far as ho knew liad :? not- been seen, «o whether what he had seen or felt was ghost or corpse, he would not bo drawn further into tho ghastly affair. “Good heaven I” he exclaimed to himself, '‘to think of the crimes that must ha\e been committed in that housed-what an inherit ance for a woman !*’ '. Mr. Broadface was not wrong in regard to Sea-Cliff Towers being a singular inheritance for a woman. Yet it ia women who.' more often than not, become tho iiosscssore of tho results of crimes which men nave‘com mitted ; and under such burdens there are few men who will carry themselves with tlfo composure and patient fortitude which meet women will. They who mider the little Uls of life show impatience and petulance so quickly will often, when confronted by a series'of •Wendholmiug disasters .nnd( niisforiun’es, display quiet, patient heroism, which com mands attention ami reaped. When Beatrice was made aware 'of (K© full details of the story which riie detec tives had to tell, and knew' that ’ T)je corpses of both her undo and her late legal adviser and would-be suitor lay in'the north end chamber of the house, she was.horrified, and felt that the burden was greater thim she could boar. Fortunately Dr. Strong was very much better, and he and Grace were able to advise her, ami the painful in cidents associated with the inquest were made as little distressing to her as pos sible. She bore up wonderfully under the shock. The inquest, which was hold \n a room of the only hotel that the village imasted, lasted for two days, the jurors spending an afternoon in the inspection of the fateful bed chamber and its surroundings, from which two men, at least, had fbtecended |heir de»atlr. The proceed ings were greatly protracted, through the difficulty of tho jurors arriving at a verdict. Tho detectives were simply staggered at the position, for there was absolutely no evidence forthcoming which could be successfully used in support of a charge of murder. Mrs- Dalbert was still at largo. By the advice of his solicitor, Seth Rosedalo gave no evidenc in the -case, ns he was under arrest on a charge of mur der. But the question suggested to tho jury was, how could it be proved to have been murder? Neither tho dry, mumrpi fied form of Raymond Ballantyne nor the corpse of Septimus Dorset showed marks of violence, even under post-mortem ex amination. Dr. Strong saw no assailant, and could only give evidence that violence was offered him by some person or persons unknown ; beyond the revolver having been dashed from his hand by something or someone, he know of little which sug gested any premeditated violence to him self. [ Raymond Ballantyne might have died, a natural death, and Septimus Dorset might have met his death by accidental falling into the shaft of the blow-hole ; they were twelve men of ordinary intelligence, and they spent hour* in carefully considering the* case, but after all their deliberations, they could not find it on their consciences to return other than an open verdict. A clever lawyer would, no doubt, have elicited a good* deal more frpm Miss Bal lantync ; but she was in a weak state of health, and much distressed over tho pain ful affair. (To bo Continued.) Undo Hiram i You remember Jake Heck man, that usetor live here in Bastavooi Cor ners? Ho was a kinder no-account’idler. No one s’posed he’d ever amount ter much. Well, sir, an’ I seen it with my own eve<, down at tho druggist’ place, that feller’s pic ture is in an almanac advertisin’ Dr. Scrunch's Anti-Catarrh Pellets. t ncle Silas : You don’t say? Who’d have thought it? Well, Basswood Corners hoyrf were al ways 1V> the front. A mirror is by no means always a faith ful portrayer of hkencss, and I he statement that the “mirror tells the truth is not to be rdied upon. Aa a matter of fact, a looking-glass makes one look worse than one really is. Tho hair is always slightly wrong in tone, tho eyes are not in color, and tho complexion is libelled. In fact, the tone of the complexion is Influenced entirely bv tho hangings of the room, the window shades, and tho strength of light. Then it 's impossible to assume a neutral expres sion when looking into a glass. The eye can bo observed in oiilv olio position, and th* cyC c’oYilrors for the mbifc part* tho facial expression. 