THE DAY OF REST. THE SPIRITUAL LIFE IN OUR CHURCHES. [The following address •was delivered by tie Rev. -Joseph Robertson, M-A., of Stow Church, Adelaide,' to the International Congregational Countil, whiich met at Boston at tuc end of 3ast j-ear. Mr. Robertson represented tie Congregational Union, of Sooth Australia at that gathering.] - THE BESL-JOSJPH EOBERTSONV3LA- Our Chainies are nothing -unless spiritual- Our lot is cast in an. active, busy age; and we iive ia a time when nwir-h. is marie, in -the Church and out of lit, of organization find machiaery- lulieed, we may. not be altogeil/ier free from uie danger of basing men fciiinli that salvation is by public meeting a&d; committee. Agiinst spiritual mar chsoery and organization no ward." shall be spoken "by me;- yet j!t'may fitill be necessary to emphasize the fact ithat our Churches are nochiing unless spiritual. It is admitted that, those Cbxtrobes &ave; ever exercised an inHuemice, great out of ail proportion to their numerical strength, and •through their members and adihpnvmt.s played a very important part in. eudb. maiteBi as securing and! and religious liberty, advancing eacea&km;, Wrprng; to shape municipal and political life, and in developing works of phjfarfrthroipy and braoevoience; but our Churches axe northing unless spiritual. ... Hie place of tins Council is holy ground. This nation -was created by the spiritual life of our Congregational forefathers. The heroic band Who laid the foundations of this nation, -with its free institot&onsj;, were moved by spiritual forces. Tiiey loved liberty, and tiiey would have liberty or die; yet it was not love of liberty only that led to the founding of this salaon. They loved God msore "than, they loved liberty, and the liberty they sought was liberty to find and avorship film. - 'iltey came here to plant a Church, and .in planting <a Church. .they f«<imded a aation. A.v, «JI it holy groimd, Zbe Eoil wbere fiist they trod! have left unstained what there-tbey found— freedom to worship Cod. It nas the intense yearningaftex a .deep true, spiritual life that made the chapter of his tary whiidh we find such pleasure and insixul atkm. in readaog today. Two dangers require to be avoided by our Ohl arches. There is, first, an easy, selfish pii sfcism which seels ' like sitting and singing. itself away -to everlasting bliss, and that put £ not its tend to the work of helping toe li vea of mm."' It -does not sufficiently realize th at if man is a soul, he has a body; acd thai if he is an heir of heaven, he is meantime a citizen of earth. .• And there is secou-ily, an active, . busy, yes, and a ' n oble service of man which seeks to brigjjftea his life bete, ana whiich Toaf be in danger of losing its realizouoa at iftf aiiid -eternal; and which preae ots a gospel which, as Dr. Beny saad, stops \3hoit of being & gospel just •where a go^ >el is most of all required. Christ cam-s not toiefmu, but <lao regenerate, and ttl'ien to achieve reforinatattn through reges aeration. And if we ace in danger of talSng into two opposite c divided by bh ese question®, a voace s. to is saying,These ought ye to have done and not to&saTe-ihe; ofcherlindone." Spiritual men may need an wfihirri "revival, tot *£he busy organizer and earnest reformer most have the spiritual power which alone «an- make fruitful the works of love that ate be mg set in operation by the desire to improve the moral and soaai condition of maz&auL; All Jliinga on. earth are to be according in ibe jafctem shown us in the mount, dad a. life? of epcSiviy.fqr God mnsfc spring from a life of- <fotnmimkm. with Ctii. Our lives must largely be lived on the plains, and we must therefore sometimes stop and rest, and. look up and climb the mountain and breaiihe (the air of heaanen and cat <&e; "heaveriy food, and look fepon the face of God, toot "we may receive aspiration, and go. on the strength of that food many days, and mlike the things of our earthly life Eke tiroee abown ia the mount of rePFHlatiifm. May I eay ixxetibsab in this reapacJt great thifigs ' aie expected :<rf this- Council. fctoroe of us have oome long r daetauces to attend' this notable asanUy. Everywhere - we iokmd ae we joMneyed tliffit the eyes of maity besides oar own peopve -mere turned to £his historic aiwi eacred place, where was to be gathered so much of the etrength, wisdom, wd grace of our djHMxromKiitsEDn; and a sphst of expeatancy was manifest. On this continent wfe are told, that many earnest amis are Seeling, ithot Bonne great blessing is n€ar. It seems wise, Jhen, that amid finch Hqgh tiicsEies and questions, of such great moment OH appear on our prognasrane—33wofogy, 4iie State and nation, edncaikkxi, the mgifefay, CcmgnegiaJionaliain, CIhiiatfiaii£ty^-iite comiitfcee .flnclndBd the practical aad presing vans of <the s^iaStual life in oariCborches. Xhe epSzitQal life in our Qfruxches may differ in eocne regpetfcS' from that of a foxmer time. More libeiai views are held, and ito a centwinr extent ffli^iUy, conceming ' Sunday; but iciieilier we may not gain a loss by i3ae hteaditih. of our hberatety' may be a serious questkm. Brobaly family f.-oiehh) has gone oat at use to an extent that iBanes the qarilBKri fame, of oar Churches very ^mrir and <the idea of Uhe Orurch and dhe pface of the Gbnrch me^ang may need restoring amongst us. On the orther hand, we have a great deal of. spiritual work going' OBX AUR Sundayschools; and in oar day this continent and our own Gtamxhes Ihere bave given to the Churches of all names and iafi lands one of the greatest engines far promoting fthe spk'iUial Me of oar Qbuzdbes ithat ithi-c or any age has erer seen. A member «f tfaas Comufl, a fonnsr "pastor of oar Cfaan&es;, has been raised up by God to «na>mtDato aonovement which, ' "«TiSe it crowns hsn with worid-wade honnoar, bome with such «mgnla.r modesty and grace as to oonwnpnd hss woak more, brings rfory to Clod in developing the spttritoai He of the young of whom we ane constantly sneaking as toe hope of our Churches. Criticise she Qhnistaan Endeavour movement, take off amy proper discount, and yet what a marvellous work it is! And remember what the same standard of oritirifan would do if applied to our Chmrdhee end Use Chriatian lives of older professocs. Who can hear the facte without <jjbankmg Clod withprofotmd gitaMtude for Dr. C&rK; and tiie Christian. Endeavour movement? Who can hear the facts tritihont .ttemkrng God aztd itaking courage? It is an faminng thing to 'hear of two and a half milfioos -qf meanAers of this aigamtzataon on KIBS JODastinent, and three and a half miUkoe m the whioie world, and for us in tiiis Coomal & mu^t be a very hopeful sign 'feat of the three and a. half millionjs of menftecs of Societies of Christian Ernieavoiur throt^tout the Tvorid, tlhree iwHidred iihoqisand are the young people of our own Congregational Churches. - The spiritual life of our Ghmx&es; may be appraised by the measure of peace! purity, and power to be found in them. Tlte time limits of "Hois address will not permit any aanpitfiraitkgi of tha£ poemtion. Briefly let it be 6aid, -fihe Spirit - -filled Ohirreh wiH he marked by peace, rnrt of inaction, or of (tlae desert, or of death; but of movement, unioru imtmony, goodwill, brotherly lore. "The fruit of She Spirit is peace." Again, the Spirit - filled Church wiS be mraked by purity. Here nUay be nothing secular bttt sin; yet there mav be an aSoy of tworldliness or edf. fioir often w« must say nvi-th the poet, "The world is too much witSi us." And how nraxi more often must We say with the sage, ''There is ever a spot in tor wmdhrne; it is even -as I said, the ehankpr of oaraeivaa." Tie wisdom that camstb from above is £rst pure! And the Spirit - filled Otnroh wfll be marked bv power, "He was a good man and fuS of and ifce Holy Ghost, and imich people "was added to toe Lord." Applied to our Oixordtee, are tiiese signs following? I <hboaafe tfaey axe. God has not left us wilibmit -aobieas. I am not hene to find fault with, onr C2iip-dhes. And yet a very important question remains, and -tihst qnedBon is — Are these Chines found with us in iadeqaate degree, Sound as as dbey might be^nd should be? I desire to aimsd ooEtenvosT .Bad feci fisnt- rsrhidi. quakes for oar pwt Tbero are words like "perfection" .and "holiness" bristling with debatable quu- itions. I think it is possible to avoid debate, and those words need not be used by us. j Without touching the fringe of that debatable regiofi, may it neff be asked if iJhere is not before every one of us a great possibility cf a deeper, 'higher, fuBer life? And yet, in passing, a quotation might not be without advantage on that point. The late Rev. John McNeil, B.A. (the Australian McXeil), in his excellent lifctle book entitled "The Spirit - Filled Life," a. volume which is bein" used of God on. this continent also, bas a. suggestive word. Speaking of this high experience, he says: — "But, it is objected, 'that is perfection/ " Then, in parenthesis, he makes this remark: — "It tsainazmg how frightened some people are of being pafecfc! It were well if ithey were equally afraid of being imperfect, for it is imperfection. tiiat grieves Crcd."' He adds —"llhis dread of perfectkai has been called by soime one 'a scarecrow set up by the devil to frighften away God's people" from the veiy finest of the wheat.' However, I am not thinking of perfection, but I am thinking of something much higher 'than we have yet readhed. With this tihought turn to loonader the Christian life which is so common amongst us today. Surely much of that is never what is meant by Bhe high, hope-inspiring words of the "New-TeaBamentl Think,of the position of the believers and the promise of the Gospel. And yet with all the believer's high claims and all the great promises made to him by God, trow often, do we feel forced to tihink thai our common Christian life is commonplace and ccmtratUctc.vy! We say we are Christians and go to Church on Sundijy. Do people find oiti -without our laying it that the Spirit of Christ is in us? And do those who have no knowledge of how we spend our Sundays discover from ourselves {{hat we are Christians indeed? Do our wives ..and servants feel it? Do our employers _ and employes know it? Do our fellow-workmen. see it? Is "there never such a thing as talking cream, and living skim milk? Read Paul's wonderful prayer for his converts in Ephesus, ending with the words, "That" we may be filled unto all the fulness of God." "For this rause I bow my knees unto the Father, from whom every family in heaven and on earth is named, that" He would grant you, according to the riches of His glory, ye may be strengthened with power through His Spirit in the inward man; that Christ may dwell in your hearts through faith; to the end that ye, being rooted and grounded in love, may be strong to apprehend witih all tihe saints what is the breadth and length and height and depth, and to know tfche love of Ghrist which passetfa knowledge, that ve may be filled unto all the fulness of God." That ve may be filled unto all the fulness of God. So far I have spoken of a mfich deeper life than we possess being possible for us. May I not say- that it is more than possible, and <tihat for us all without controversy, 4his fuller 'life is obligatory? Look at Paul's words to ffiite Thessalonians:—"This is the will of God, even your/ sanotificatkm." And again, "The God of Peace sanctify you wholly." We have seen that this deeper life is certainly passible. Here we see it is the revealed will of God. Is it not, then, obligatory? This blessed experience of <the spiritual fife is not only a •privilege, then. A privilege is something enjoyed by you TOlhiah I have no right to share. As it has been put by Mr. Mc- Neil, this blessing is not a privilege; but a birthright. It was not intended for a few eminent saints. Xt was not for a devojut man here and a godly woman there, but for alL ' "Tie promise is unto you, and to your dholdren, and to all Oihat ere afar oS, even as many as the Lord our God shall call." It is not a privilege only, but hirfbridlit.- . And more even than iihat, it is-a duty. It is not something which_ I may claim. It is something which claims me. It is something concerning which a command rests upon- me. It is something which I owe it to God to seek and possess. It is not Something which I may enjoy if I win seek it. It is someflhing which I most have. "Sarrctification," says Paul, "without which no roan shall see the Lord." It is not something wBrich a man needs for high service in .the wojrk of God, but rather aaqne- •thing which, quote apart fram enjoyment and apart from important service, every man requires to possess in order that God's will may be done in him. Has' ft ever struck ytwx how differently many people die from the way in which tibey Vlive? Ordinary, oommompkace lives, when dea!th 5s near, sometimes become transfigured. Darabfting, jhaSting, hesitating ones bebome confident, radiant, triumj&aiit.; As they draw near to death they make a discovery. They find out more of what God really is, and more of what He might have "been to them, all the time. They die with a sublime peace, a holy calm, a heavenly joy, and an uneari&ly; glory that makes their end a revelation and an inspiration to witness. And then the thought oounes—what a pity these persons did ncjt live, to some extent at least, •as -tihey die. How much, they miss—yes, and how masoh God loses through the failure of "tiheee Christians to realize in living what God rwants to be to us, what He wants us to be to Han. Brethren, I have tried to lead your thoughts so* as to avoid controversy, and seek what might be for our edification. May I now, ss I come to close, say a few words to my brethren in the ministry and to the members of tour Churches, saying only what I am addresing to my own heart? And, first, may I say through this assembly to the members of our'Churches, this is your matter as much as it is ours, who are supposed to be whaliy-given up to God's service. We are not prists except as all are priesbs. The whole fellowship must be fiKed witih the Spirit. Now, if we were so glled, whlat lives we should be living, what works we should be.doing> how the kingdom and glory of God would be brought in! Numbers are not sufficient. Force, weight, usefulness, influence must be considered. We speak of "members;" the Salvation Army iasks for "soldiers." Another honoured name this country and "our Churches have given to the Universal Church, the name of one whom God has most wondrously blessed, even in places where his voice has never been heard. That mighty evengelisfc and spiritual teadher, Dtfight L. Moody, savs in his littiie book, "Power From on -High":—1Same£inies you can take one hundred fresh members into a Church and they do not add to its' power. If they were only anointed by tie Spirit of God, there, would be great power if one hundred saved "ones were added to the Church." An old Church minute-book in Southampton is said to contain a strange entry to this effect:—"This year Mr.and Mrs. were removed by Divine Providence to London. This Church did not suffer by their removal." How many members might remove, and how many do remove without their Church suffering from their removal? This is not a preadher'e matter only. 'The hope of a coming revival is in a quickened Church—not in ministers and Christian workers only, but in Christian men and women. It has been well said:— 1 The dear Lord's best interpreters • , Are humble human souls; The gospel of a life . . . . Is more than books and scroll?. From scheme and creed the life goes out— The Eaintly fact survives; Hie blessed Master none can doubt Bevealed in holy lives. r . And will my brethren in the ministry permit me to say a word to them, not as one who has readied this experience, but as one who, like many of themselves, is seeking it, and thinks he sees some blessed possibility for the future? My dear friends in the service of God "and men, a high honour has been put upon you and me. We are nothing Uess than ambassadors for Ghrist. We are called of God to serve (Him, to present and in a certain way to represent and reveal Him in. the noblest service at present conceivable for us. When I speak to Church -members, I tell them that they owe as much to God as we do; tbut when we think of ourselves, there ie a sense in whidb a very special responsibility rests 'upon us. We are their teachers, guides, in many cases their trusted mends. Our influence upon them is 1 great. We go to God for than and with, them, and who is sufficient for these tilings? If we go to them from God and for God, how important it is that we go to them in the highest way, realizing that we go with God, our own hearts being filled, not only with the thought and love of God, but with His Holy Spirit. In the year 1890 the late Rev. C. A. Berry, of Wolverhampton-, whose visits to America and Australia have left such a gracious memory, and whose absence from this Council and whose loss to the world ire so deeply deplore, preached before the Congregational Union of England and Wales at Swansea a very striking sermon. That sermon has since been printed in the volume "Vision and Duty" in the "Preachers of &e; Age" series. That sermon, entitled '"Spiritual Power the Need of the Churches," is more than worth every minister's -while to get, and read and ponder. In it he points out that when Christ's work on earth was done there were trained men ready to continue and complete it, but these men were utterly powerless until something happened, and they had gone through a certain spiritual experience, and so CSirist said, even to these men, "Tarry ye in the CSty of Jerusalem unffive be endued with power from on trigfc" " The men were there, bat they were powerless. Then Dr. Berry goes furjjher ana says, not only were the men there, ready, waiting, willing, but these men had the message. And yet there was no power. Men and message together could do nothing until there came the enduement of power from on through the indweHing-Spirit. W&gre; Christian W-n. brettoen. We love the Lord. We desire to be faithful. We love to preach Him. What- is needed? God has not left us without witness, but do we not need this spiritual power, this power from on high? Do we not need more and more this filling with the Holy Spirit? This Council which will soon be over, has been an encouraging sign of the spirituallife in our Churches. Overflowing congregations have constantly attended its sessions, and powerful addresses have touched and stirred the thousands Who have thronged to hear them. Strong thought and deep spirituality have characterized the speeches and papers to which wc have listened. But that which has roused these meetings to the highest point of enthusiasm has been that which has touched the spiritual side, and brought us nearer to the heart of things, by bringing us nearer to Christ and to God as revealed in Him. This morning the feeling of the Council has found expression in the resolution just passed—that for the remainder of the sessions a portion of each day shall be devoted to united prayer. Shafl we not seek for this more earnestly and try to carry back to alS- our Churches in many lands the mighty, gracious influence which has so often been felt in tnis Council? After all, that is what we want, and that is what the world wants. "Sir," it is saving, "Sir, we would see Jesus." And that is why Jesus came. And that is what the Church wants. The late Dr. Allon, at the first Council of our Churches in Londqn, in 1S91, speaking on "The Unity of the Ghurch," used these words: '"The first and cardinal remedy for-the broken unity of the Church, therefore, as for all forms of evil, is a keener apprehensioq,of^the spiritual; a deeper, more pervading spiritual life; a remedy to be fought, not in external adjustments, but in individual hearts purged of evil passions." , 