TiLES AID SKETCHES. [All Eights Beserved.] THE WEITE HOBSE VELD : A TRANSVAAL LEGEND. liy It A. MtYDEN (Author of * Tales of South Africa,'' &c.;) In tie year 1S78, Hans Mostert, a Go vernment Surveyor, was trekking leisurelv through the Eastern Transvaal, engaged in the duty of surveying new farms for the recently established British Government. The territory of the bankrupt South Afri tan Republic bad been annexed in the previous year by Sir TaeojihQtLS Shepstoac on behalf of the British, and with char ' ? acteristic Anglo-Saxon energy the finances of the nen' derjendpnev \vpn- h*-in-r ranirilv re-organised, law and good government were being pushed into regions where thc3 had been hitherto unknown, and the wiM bad; country was being surveyed as ra pidly as possible. Mostert was an. educated Dutcliniai: from the Cape Colony, who. thoroughly understood his duties, and from his know ledge of the Boer tail' and Boer idiosvn cracta. was enabled to cany out his work far more smoothly than an EnsHishnian. *r_ i__j -i ? i ? 'i _j ? »_ *_ ? .1 **k nau oeen nara ai worK JOT xnonius pact, and having satisfactorily concluded a large portion of his task, was now ap proaching the famous hunting grounds of Use Low Veld, where, in a country still swarming with big game, be looked for ward to enjoying a long month or two of sport sad recreation. His wife, s youn» Englishwoman, accompanied him, and the two, although well accustomed to the free and pleasant life of the back country, were anticipating with feeling of the keenest pleasure an expedition into the mysterious and unknown low countrv that lay before them. Evening was falling as the travel-worn waggon rambled slowly up to a rough Boer farmhouse which stood, thirty miles from any other civilised habitation, remote and solitary, upon the lower slope of a frowning mountain side; Hans Mostert. who was riding', touched bis tired horse wiiJi tike spur, and moved on a little ahead of his cavalcade, up to the door of the homestead. A Kg, untidy 4ooking- Boer was standing, pipe in mouth, just outside '?it Sow stone dwelling, and to him Mos tert addressed himself. ' Cnde,' he said, ' can I outspan here *~ ' Ja,' returned tie Boer, -you may out span. Who oib yon, and where do you come from ?' Mostert explained his business. The big Boer grumbled at the idea of an official of the hateful British Govern ment penetrating to this part of the woild. But he was not an unkindly fellow. ' You are an Afrikander of course V be queried. 'Yes,' replied aQostert, '?from the Old Colony. I suppose my family has been own. ' We came over in 1679.^ ** Hutt is good enough for me,*5 returned the Boer. 'After all, we are all of one family. You may outspan in welcome, and come in. 1 daresay the vrouw can give you a shake down, I- there anyone else in the waggon ?'* ° Mostert had been awaiting that question with some anxiety. ' Yes,' he answered. ' my wife, an Eng lishwoman.' '' An Englishwoman !** repeated Uie Boer in an altered tone. -Wacht een bietje 'wait a moment) while I go inside.' The suan went iiito bis living room, and lliera* tnr a fon- minntPS cimiw^ liim-ielf in dose confabulation with his wife. Pre sently lie emerged. This time, as he ad dressed himself to Mostert, he avoided his ;' glance, and with a sheepish air plunged [- . into iiis subject \- 1 am win. Kercl.t lie said, ' but the vrouw says the won't have an Engiish T woman inside her house. You may out 1 span, jnd run your oxen in the veld, and I take water, but we can't have your wife %. in here. You know our reasons.** 1\. Moslert had half expected something of ? the kind. Imt lii- blond rose holly at the discourtesy. However, he bad trekked far. and was in u»i muod for jroin? on that night through the d:*ep and troublesome puort thai lay before him. ** That's not a i-ery neighbourly spirit, 't iny friend,' he answered quietly.' ?'How- ^^ ever, I am not just now inclined for i argument, and my wife is tired. Ill take I. voti at your word, and outspan for the I' niglit. The hospitality of the veld I* good f' enough for me.' So saying he turned hi* f' horse's head, rode back a hundred yards I' to his waggon, and outspanued by a Hear f rill of water that ran down the mountain I, side. I- ' The oxon were sent in eliarsr of their I native leader for an hour'* grazing, the I horses were knee haltered and turned i loose, a fire was made, and supper got S under way ; and while these preparations *,- were being: made, Hans Mostert told his » ' wife of his reception at the homestead. *?* After supper, as they sipped tlieir coffee smoked his evening pipe, his wife pro dueed her violin from the waggon and played, as she often did, any wandering airs that came to her fancy. A dear moon came round the shoulder of the mountain, paling the ? brightness of the star?, and spreading a wonderful light over the wild landscape. Presently, as she played on, Kate Mostert and her husband noticed the big Boer, Kare! Bolma. steal out of his front door, and with two ni Iiis lad*, stand listening nianifestlv with great interest, to the plaintive drains of tlie violin. In a tV'.v tniuutes. however, the vrouw oamo to the door, saw and heard what was going on, and in a sliai-p voice called them in. The trio crept back again, obedient, at her command, tic door was shut, fljvl all v.'As ?juiet for the night, Mostert and bis wifc exchanged gLwcc-s. as this little seene was enacted under the strong moonlight.- and smO«i. **I am Dutch myself.' said Mostert. re flectively, - juu* to some extent i can - sympathise with the bitterness of the Transvaal Hoerft at the annexation last year, tot the liatred of these women for anyiuing rjigiisn pab-e^ m\ *ompieiien Just tben a. Kaffir stole up to the camp fire, saluted the white man and his wife, 2nd asked to be taken into fcervi.ee. *He came fiom a kraal hard by. He had heard the l^aas was going hunting into the Low Veld, and lie would art as guide and Maks-tese, and snoke a Basuto dialcrt, which Jlosteit couJd easily comprehend. Tlie sairveyor made many 'inquiries, and half agTced to engage bim. Questioning further, he ascertaiued that Ovo roads, or rather tracks, ran through tlie mountains down io the hunting veld. He expressed his wish to take the left hand one as it led him more into the country lie wished to penetrate. But, to bis surprise, the 'Uakatese demuired to this route. It would lead the Baas, he said, into a piece of country three or four days ahead, that was uitaguti (bewitched). It was the ocuntrv of a terrible white horse, ridden by an'unseen rider, the. ghost of a mur dered Boer. . It was a good game t-oOEtry, hunt there. Mostert and his wife laughed heartily as th? iUUalese finished his yarn. The very seriousness of the man aggravated the humour of the thimr, and as he stood there in the fire blaze, the flickering lights plaTing upon his smooth bronze ddn and awe-stricken face, they could scarcely con tain their mirth. But the man was in real earnest ; for bim the subject was far too serious for jest. With some dig nitv he made bis fareweU. ''Let the Baas susk the Boer there'— pointing to the homeStead — -' in the mom ing,' be said. 'Be will Sod that what I have told is the truth.'' He departed to his kraal, after a present of a pannikin of hot coffee and some to bacco, and Mostert. and his wife, turning into their comfortable waggos^-fitted with green baize inside, and making quite a cost apartment— slept peacefully tfll flawn. fii the morninsr the surveyor walked over to *he Dutchman'* cattle and gout kraals, where be found Botma. counting oat his flocks and herds as they went forth. *.* «_^4»^A Tint imnnrtant (uwmtiflll concluded. Mostert addressed himself to hi= subject He inquired the road to the best hunting veld, and incidentally men tioned the Kaffirs absurd tale of the night before. Botma's face suddenly lengthened and qrew grave. \- The tato is true enough,'' be -said. Thst, \eld. ' Wit paard VeW.'t so we call it. or ? Van fn-iioDT's Veld,' is haunted. Thirty vcars ngo Frans Van Sehoor first trekked 'in there hunting. He was a morose, savage fellow, and hated the idea of any other man sharing bis sport, and, mounted on his white horse, he would chase Kaffirs and even Dutchmen out of the country. Some times he filed a shot or two to hurry them out. and there arc many queer tale? told of his treatment of the Kaffirs. Well, other Boers scarcely liked this sort of thing, and one of tiiem, Picter Rossouw, went in, and began, shooting. Van Scboor came pfter him* the men bad a violent 'juarrcl, Van Sehoor raised his gun, and Itossouw shot him dead as he sat on his white horse. Tlie horse galloped away with its dead rider, and wa.s killed by lions, and the pair were never seeen again — ex- -?-!« as -]«-oks. Romouw himself died a violent death ?vnu. after, far \m in the north. And ever since that (ime this veld is hsuuted bv Van ftchoov's whit* horse, ridden by an unseen rtder. My friend, take my advi»-e. don't go into 'that eoun tiy. You aie sure to repent it. Many i iwn have tried it, allured by the crowds of game. But whoever sees the white horse H siive to have bad luck. I know it.'* said the big Boer, with deep empliasis in bis great voice, 'for my own family have suffered. Death or some other misfortune is sure to overtake, if not tlie man him r-eU who frees ibis spook, some one of his , kin. ? sav again, don't go there or vouil bitterly repent it. Death surely rides in the WiHe Horse Veld.' Tlie Boer was so obvioasly ^h earnest that Mostert did not care to injure his feelings bv laughing at his tale, as he felt mclinea to do. He thanked Botma for his information, told him ligtitly that he himself had little faith in snooks or a nn.i Tit inn« nnd. hfivin^r nwined irhat. fiir. thcr information he wanted as to the countiy in front of him. went his way. Iiis men were inspanning the oxen, as he bad ordered^ breakfast awaited himself -ii;J his wife at the little camp table on the shady side of the waggon, and the meal despatched, and everything put in its place and made enug. they prepared to depart. The Makatest Kaffir squatted by the remnants of the camp fire, where he had been assisting the men. at breakfast. Mostert tsssx up to him. 'Well, my man,' he said, '-are you coming with us *** ' Is the Baas going into the White Horse Veld V asked the native, looking up from a bone he was pit-kins. *' Yes, I shall bunt there first,' answered the white man. ' Then, Baas, I can't go with you. Lrfe is pleasant, and I don't care to run risks with spirits, jand things of Witchcraft FarewelL Xkos, recollect I warned you.*1 Mostert climbed lightly to his saddle. Tarewell,'*'he replied in Sesuto. 'When I come back this way in a month or two's lime you will be sorry for yourself. You. will have lost two or three gold sovereigns in wages, plenty of sport, and more food than you could have eaten.' The waggon rolled on ahead, Mostert's wife sitting on the box enjoying the fresh winter morning, and the magnificent ^en eiy in front of them, and Hostert himself, cantering on, was soon alongside. In less than a week's time the Govern ment Surveyor's waggon wa«s right in the heart or the dreaded countiy. Ttiev had descended terrace after terrace of hill and mountain, picking their irav by kloof and Sass through some of the wildest and gran est scenery in South Africa, and were now encamped in a fair rolling country of gross and bush and timber, through 'the heart of which ran a pleasant river. Game was plentiful. Already Ifostert had killei koodoo, impala, and waterbuck. They Itad found a spoor of giraffe, lion, buffalo, aud other hciiw game, and having fixed bis camp on a piece of rising ground above lile. river. Moseri rode off oue morning to I.H-jrin his first real hunt iu tbc nen veld. He was away all day and towards evening came into camp, with his native arter rider. loaded up with buffalo meat, and a good imbpala tam. His wife was sitting in her low camp chair under a shadv tree. She caught sight of her husband, quickly rose, and came forward to meet him. H* *aw as he dismounted that her 'ace Mas very pale, her eyes were burning and ex cited, something manifestly had happened. '?What is it, KaU,' he queried, as he stooped to kiss her. 'Anything hap pened J' ?''Oil, Harry I' -bis tL&sne; was Haas, bttt English-like she called bun Harry) she re plied, in, low yet excited tones, 'I don't want to alarm the men, who are disturbed enough already. I have seen it. We have all seen it, and — well I can't tell vou why, but I am afraid— afraid. H'e foolish, I know : but. Harry, there's something v.toibi, something cvU, about this place.' *'Come, wife,' fie returned, 'you are J'eedlesrly upset. A touch of fever pos sibly — I see you're not well. Come under the uces and sit down, and tell me quietly «hat you have seen.' . They strolled quietly to the trees, Mm tert meanwhile giving some orders as to feeding the horses and kraaling the oven early. within a strong thorn fence already creeled, and tben his wife began. 'Harry,' she said, 'don't think 1 am imagining things, or that I are ill/ What I tell you I have seen is Gospel troth ; Lawrence and the bovs will corroborate me in all I say. We had a most pleasact -'ay. resting here, and gelling the c*mp quietly into order. The men worked will, and Lawrence, as he always does, kept tilings going cjj.iially. After luien I had a »lvo'l tiAYEii- the rher, keeping witbic lr.i:l ,if lite vajpon, tmd then cave oacj; and li.i.l some « flee towards four a'.lvt Il-ilf-an-hour srtir — I suppose an hour be fore y-ui icle 'D — I was standing nejr the Cr.u ghiug si roc directions about ihi cook ing, 'jiwrcnfr was close to me. ' Suili t:y h« twtetl to ina. i -' i:y Gosh, Ma 'am !' he cried, * a while hii'se canlirin; this way. Whose tan St be * A bolter, for any monev ; it'« saddled and bridled !' | 'I looked, and there, surely enough, galloping steadily across the grass, along side the river came a white horse. It 'c'me right on, and passed within sixty yards of os. It was, as Lawrence said, saddled and bridled, and went exactly as if someone was riding it. That was the queerest part of it As it ewept past a strange feeling came over me. 1 «an't explain it. Bnt some horrible dread seiad upon me, a chill pierced me '— iere she laid her left hand to her heart— 'and I felt faint and sick. I stood staring as the thing swept by— without *a sound, wind you, Harrv— without a sound— and liien it I vanished into the bosh yonder up the 'iTook. look.' she cried, clutching her -husband's arm with a grip th&t; astonished him, 'U'g coining back. What is it, in God's, name T' I Mostert looked nn the vaH«\ and Iberu surely enough, -cantering tovilds Ibem, with that curious triple that the Boer's nag so often has, was m. white hone. Mos tert was quite, calm, tn& gazed hard and long, taking is everv 'detail. The bora was. a rough-looking, ill-groomed, shooting ponv. and as it approached. do6er he saw that it was bitted with a severe curb bit, surh a& Dutch nunters love, 'and that it «im--. an old-fashioned saddle. The «un was nearing its hour of setting; everything in the v&Uey; was steeped in the glorious ?id $ow of the i«rting.'nrjs. The' air was warm and pleasant Tet, as the boras came along, a strange chilliness seemed to creep up the valley ; his wife shuddered visibly. As tbt horee rah by, Mostert notited that, just as bis wife had told him. it mi.ved exactly as if bestridden by some invisible rider. It cocked its eara b?ck and forth, just as a ridden horse will do. and its veiy movement 6eeined to in di--r.te th.it it obeyed tlie^gnidance of eome unseen hand, it was more than uncannF; and vet. there in the broad daylight, what e!sc could it be but flesh1 '.and .blood? Yet again, as Mostert listened, there was not the sound of a hoof stroke. The aaimxl passed, tripled steadily down the valley. And tlnally became lost to view in the jungle. -Sffc' ** A funny thing, a devilish funny thing.'* exclaimed Mostert to his wife, in a tons fir mure cheery than bis inward feelings warranted, *? but we'll find out more about it to-morrow. Everything is explainable in this world. Ko doubt we shall hit upon a simple enough clue to the mvstery. Come Hud have supper, old girl, and don't let the thing worry you any more.' They had supper, and gradually the camp assumed a more cheer}' aspect, and, with a soupje or two of grog to the men, all turned in to sleep happily enough. Next day Mostert busied himself about the catup cleaning up heads, pegging out T*kin-. and sajrinjr and drying meat for billonj;. Outwardly he was cheerful and (?entente.1, but inwardly be was waiting and watching, always, at every minute of the day. watching for something that neve; .u.n.A * II- 1.-.1 l.nJ r. luin «A11- «.;«!. T ..n*. rence, his factotum, foreman and hflndy man, nn honest and reliable Englishman, and his jil.m of action wits decided upon. His wife, chceiy and tender as he was to Iut, was depressed and out of sorts. Nothing. si-p.-jcntly, «-uld banish some unaccountable load that weighed upon her spirits. Afternoon came and passed. Ai 5\aU-)UPt four, jws* at the hour &t; which K.u-; Mostert had seen it on the day be fore, the riderless white horse canie can tering along the valley. Moslert and I*aw rrni-e had picked up t&eir; rifles and wore ready for it. and as it passed within sixty pares of them, each took steady aim, slid fired. Boti men were good shots, neither of them could well have missed thai easy target. Yet the white horse passed on, untouched, while the bullets struck up the \- . red dust far across the river. Again, »JJ hour Liter, came the uncannything, and wain the rifles were discharged at it. The thing passed untouched, silently, inexplic «h7; ^tto the eye, as it ambled bv in STwarm evening light, it seemed, surely a solid creature of flesh and blood. Ana vet/is 'R passed, came again that unac countable feeling of fear, loathing, and de pression, which 'one bad noticed upon its 'TLSrSTtad enough of the White Horse Veld and its mysteries^ and trekked ont «rfv next morning. Within a week hfa wtfe'sicfcened, and four days lateruy dead, poor soul, within her waggon. Whe ihM^ifcdied of fever caught in the low country during that inief visit, or whether the horror that seemed to have gripped her heart had really caused her death, her husband never could tdL He could only ,- — - « n.aniwirr Qnjt -*UT^e UlC llOU that led him into the haunted veld. He nuwed his wife in her last days at Botmas farmhouse, and buried her near that deso ££lS*ead. Vrouw Botma for once forgot her hatred of the English, and in £2Tk2* Mostert's last hours tended her SrUiduoudy and as tenderly as if she had been her own flesh and blood. And ti» grim Boer woman shed nuiny a kmdly War over the fair young wife, cut off in the Bower of her days. ? Fever or spook, you ask me ? * *-T™f wMt nor to this hour can Hans Mosterr \--now a gray-haired matt— himself say. There Ire things unexplainaMe passmg daily in thin world of ours. To ttus day fever haunts tire deadly low country. And to this hour, if you chance to trek through the borderland of the Eastern Transvaal, you may learn that Van Schoort white horse stul haunts its riders ancient hun ins grounds, an. object of dread and mys tSv to all who know of it. ? Dialect. . t My friend— literally fellow, or my dear fellow. t 'White Horse Veld.' ? [The End.] 