THE HEW BISHOP OF BALLARAT. CEREMONY OF ENTHRONE MENT. AN IMPRESSIVE SERVICE. SERMON BY THE BISHOP OF ADELAIDE. Yesterday the Bright Bev. Arthur Vin cent Green, LL.D., the newly-elected Bi shop of the Diocese of Ballarat, was for mally installed and enthroned, in the 'bishopric in the.presence of lar =®,® ss f“ 1 : Wage of clergy and laity, at the Cathedral Church. The 'building was crowded to ex cess, and the ceremony was a mostimpres sire one. There were amongst the clergy present the Bishop of Melbourne, Dr Coe; the Bishop of Adelaide Dr Harrner; the Suffragan Bishop of BaWt, Dr Cooper , Archdeacons Lewis Tucker, and Allanby; Canons Tucker /South Yarra), Hay man, Hams, ana M'George; the chancellor of the diocese. Sir Henry Cuthbert; and the majority of the clergy of the diocese, in addition to a number of visiting Clergy from other dio ceses. At 11 o’clock the procession was formed in the hall to conduct the bishop elect to the Cathedral Church, the follow ing being the order: — Verger with staff. Lay^m embers of the council of the dio- Lav canons of the Cathedral Chapter— Messrs H. A. Hevett, C. Chapman, and R. E. Chapman. ■ Advocate and chancellor —'Sir Henry Cuthbert. Official principal—Mr John Robson. Deacons. Priests. . , . , Canons—Canon Radcliffe (registrar, bear ing the pastoral staff), Canons Hayman, Harris, and 1 M’George. ■ ' . The Ven. Archdeacons Allanby, Tucker, and Lewis. „ _ Dean—The Very Rev. N. Lyndon Par —The Right Rev. E. E. Chaplain— The Rev. H. S. R. Thornton. The Bishop of Melbourne—The Right Rev. - Field Flowers Goe. (Chaplain—The Rev. Evelyn Snodgrass, St. Mark’s, Fitzroy). m _ . The Bishop of Adelaide—The Right Rev. J. R. Harrner. ’ (Chaplain—The Rev. J. W. Griffiths). The BMiop of Ballarat—The Right Rev. A. V. Green. ■■ (Chaplain—The Ven. Archdeacon Lewis). During the entrance of the .procession the hymn, "Thy hand, O God, has guided,’’ ,was sung. The order of service was as fol lows; Morning prayer, Psalms 121 and Mag first lesson, Isaiah- vi., 1-3; second lesson, St. John, x., 1-17. At the conclusion of the service which was conducted by the Dean of Ballarat, the registrar, Rev. Canon Radcliffe, read the Primate’s certificate of the confirma tion of the Bishop’s election, after which the Bishop-elect made the following decla rations:— ' . I, Arthur Vincent, 'Bishop of Ballarat, do solemnly and sincerely declare that I will respect, maintain, and defend the rights, privileges,- and liberties -,of- this -Cathedral Church and diocese, and rule therein with truth-,' justice, and charity,- not lording it over God’s heritage, and will endeavor to ■ show myself in all things an example to the flock. And this I will do, the Lord being my helper. Amen. I, Arthur Vincent, Bishop of Ballarat, do solemnly and sincerely declare my ac ceptance of the constitution of the "United Church of England and Ireland as- it is set forth in the Act 18 Vic., 45, comm'only known as the Church Constitution Act, and an Act amending the same passed in the thirty-sixth year of the feign of Her present Majesty, and numbered 454, and that I will, to the best of my ability, give effect thereto, and to the acts of the Church Assembly of thi3 diocese passed in pursu ance thereof, until the same, -or any of them, shall respectively he lawfully altered or varied. And this I will do, the Lord be ing my helper. Amen-. This having 'been done, the formal in stallation took place, the administrator addressing the Bishop as follows: I, Henry Edward Cooper, Bishop, ad ministrator of this diocese, do on this 6th' day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred, install effec tually and in fall Episcopal rights thee, Arthur Vincent Green, Doctor' of Laws, in thine own proper person Bishop of Bal larat, elected and confirmed, into the real, actual, and corporal possession of the said bishopric, with all its Tights, dignities, honors, privileges, and 1 appurtenances whatsoever. And I pray the Lord be with thee. .. . A special collect having been pronounc ed* ’ The administrator then took the newly elected 'Bishop by the hand, and conduct ing him to .his chair, addressed him as" fol lows:—'.‘By virtue of my office as adminis trator of this diocese I do install":and .en throne thee in.the possession, authority, and jurisdiction which pertain to the Bishop in this Cathedral Church of" the diocese. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.” 