1 HE LORDS OF THE SOIL. By Thh FxiAnbttb. It was on the sorrowful return of Leiohhardt's jjUrfitarred expedition that a correct estimate of JBunce's shrewdness was formed. Forced marches !had to be made, and it was then discovered that at tevery camp en the outward journey Bunce had (Selected a new spot, dug it up, and sowed seeds of vegetables, turnips, carrots, cresses, arid so oh. By ithe time the party returned these had grown fit for ?siting, and not only eked out their supplies, but ;jnado a welcome change. Though none of the ?explorers had lost their livei, says Mr. Sutherland, it waa a sorry party that returned to the outskirts ?of cirilization, and Bunce was the only one' who was willing to volunteer to go again in that third ,and fatal expedition which Leiohhardt immediately ibegan to organize. But he volunteered only on (Certain conditions, for he had seen in Leichhardt, in tspite of his splendid courage and enthusiasm, faults -of temper and of judgment which were bound to imperil any party he would lead. ..:;? - O o u ; . . ? ? Leiehhardt refused to agree to these conditions, wid at the time when he set out for the wilderness ?on that journey from ; which he never returned, .Bunce was leading a small party of his companions to walk overland to Melbourne by way of Yass and ?Gippsland. He reached St. Kilda after an absence of three years, but soon was. off again upon a Vbotaaieal exploration down the Murray. o o ? 6 On returning onee more to Melbourne he found that the gold discoveries were just beginning, and he was soon engaged by the Abqus to go as its special corres pondent among the auriferous districts, and to report the exciting scenes of the early mining days; so that much, of the authentic record now existing of those times and the men and their manners is doubtless from his lively pen, But perhaps the. most in teresting thing in his volume is the suggestion it gives us of the manner in which, according' to' all probability, Leichhardt' s final expedition came to its tragic end because of a fiery enthusiasm too little tempered by wholesome common sense. Bunce ended his days as curator of the Botanic Gardens, and, Othello -like, he could claim that he 'had done the State some service.' Naturally enough, while writing of ' explorers pioneers, squatters, and the like, one's thoughts turn to that hard-toiling, not-too -well-paid, and generally-easy-going class— the drovers. No end of good stories could be collected about those fcush wanderers, and there should be plenty of money in a well-written work concerning their adventures, but the stories I have met in print referring to them have mostly been as ' weedy ' aasome of the stock they drove. A bright exception to this is an article found a short, time ago in the Australasian, written by some anonymous scribe whose experience is evidently as large as his style of describing it is readable, He complains, with much truth, that owing to circumstances over which he has no control the poor drover ' must go,' and, like Othello's, his occupation ?will soon be gone completely.' Dairying, says this a ble authority, has now established itself on stations that used to furnish drovers with their drafts of cattle, and where gaunt Queensland .'. stores' used to graze knee-deep in grasses until they became ' fats' there are now herds of sleek f ull-uddered cows. The old droving stages— through Darling ton, Skipton, Lismore, Snaky Valley— are aesertea, and the enly man who rejoices in the phange isthe *' three-chain squatter,' who grazes sheep free of charge on the camping reserve. o o o ; The dreary, weary life of , the poor, 'cocky' is well illuatsated by one ekoxi i story- tbis-w' old: -timer11.. tells of a day when travelling with a few ' fats' j his party pitched a camp in a hollow: — Presently ai horseman came galloping towards us. ' Confound! him,' said my mate ; 'I hope he isn't going to shift) us.' The horseman galloped on till within half-a' j dozen yards of our fire, then flung himself to the i ground and squatted beside us. Fulling a spotted I handkerchief out, he mopped his face and said .i 41 Come t' have a pitch— -how's the war ?' He was i living with his wife near by, and he had heard no news for two weeks. My mate inquired ab.out a family that used to live there. 'Oh ! they've shifted i to the other side of the run,' was the reply. ' I j think they wanted to be near the post.' ??How ? far are they from the poat now ?' I ventured. ' Oh, only five miles or so.' A mere trifle— a bush trifle, of course— and in all probability the lonely man would chase a horse ten miles to ride ! that 'short distance' rather than trust to 'Shanks ' i pony/' o o o The ' pick of the basket,' however, is a tale tod .of an old drover disguised under the name of Camp, bell. He was one of two who were taking drafts of fat cattle to Ballarat. One night they put the stock into a paddock without asking permission. In the night the cattle broke into a- cultivation paddock and wrecked it completely. The drovers slept at an hotel some distance away. Early in the morning when Campbell came' to let the cattle put he was met by the owner of the crop, who claimed damages and refused to let the cattle go till paid. Campbell tried persuasion in vain, and 'then said— 'I've got no money on me. Let me take half the mob into. Ballarat and sell them, and I'll come back and pay you, and, get. ^he. others out.' The paddock owner accepted this as a fair offer, and Camp bell drafted out his own cattle, leaving his mate's as security. When the late-rising mate appeared he rhad to pay the whole of the damage before he could ; get a beast away. On another occasion Campbell had a mob of restive stores, and being unable to get a paddock he and his mate took turns watching them. In the middle of the night the mate was sitting on a log dozing by the fire and'holding the bridle of his horse. Campbell was in the waggon supposed to be asleep. Peeping out he noticed the watcher nodding, and threw a boot at the horse's head. The horse made a bound back ward, dragging the half -dazed man through the blaz ing fire before he let go the rains. While the mate was away watching his horse, Campbell recovered tbe boot, and in the morning listened to a number of speculations as to the cause of the horse's fright. Campbell suggested ' ' natural causes '; horses resembled human beings in some things, and amongst others they occasionally had dreams, pro bably night-mares, and possibly it was one of those that sent his chum's gee-gee on the rampage. His mate didn't put much faith in these suggestions, however, and was evidently much relieved when they 'struck camp,' for he was dead certain that a foul murder had been committed near the spot, and his moke was scared by the victim's ' spook.' Ic wouldn't take much imagination to invent a lovely ghost story even out of an old boot. 