VARSITY BOAT RACE. Present betting on coming aquatic 1 event, G to 1 on Cambridge. J The Tivoli Comedy Company The Tivoli Musical Comedy Company gave their second entertainment at the Temperance-hall last evening, in the presence of a large audience, which included the Hon.. Ismay Preston, Mr. J. F. A. Rawlinson, and others of a party from Government House. The pictures on the vitascope and views on the theatregoer were very good, and some of them remarkably realistic. The portraits of the British generals were received with great enthusiasm. The best of these, as a picture, was that of Lord Roberts on that trig charger sung about by Kipling. The bombardment of an armoured train and the course of a train bringing supplies to the army in the field were finely shown, and were loudly applauded. A series of pictures illustrating the pathetic song " Daddy " (sung by Miss Myra Clare) formed a specially interesting item in the programme. The lecture on the series of war pictures was full of interest, and well delivered by one of the best entertainment lecturers in Melbourne. The humorous songs and sketches of Mr. Wynand and Mr. Wyburn were fresh and racy. This evening there will be an entire change of programme, when one of the living pictures to be shown is the shooting of a Boer spy. Druids'Gift Distribution.-Consider- able interest is being taken by ticket holders in the forthcoming distribution of the valuable gifts given in connection with the recent Druids' Carnival. A concert is to be held at the Temperance-hall on Friday next, at which the gifts will be on view. The chairman will announce the winning numbers at 9 o'clock, and successful ticket holders will be presented with their gifts from the platform during an interval in the programme It till particulars will be published in to morrow's issue Wesleyan Harvest Festival. This celebration is advertised to be continued this evening in the Mechanics hall, and is to take the form of a Longfellow enter- tainment The programme will include a lecturette on the poet, by the Rev J H Henwood Teague , songs from Long fellow, by members of the choir, and recitations from Longfellow, by local elocutionists AthENEUM Club -The annual meeting of members of the Athenaeum Club will be held at the club house, Macquarie street, this evening Road Trust Elections -Nominations for three vacant seats at the Bothe eil Road Trust close at 4 p in on friday next In the event of a contest the poll will be held on April 6, at the Council chambers, Both eil Nominations also close on the same d s for two vacancies in the Woodstock Road Trust. In the event of there being more than two nominations the election will take place at W Woodstock on April 4 SoHf IL -An enjoyable social was held in the Public hall on the evening of the 23rd inst, in aid of schooling some boys whose parents are not in a position to do so As en or, the kindly and liberal fee I had, always existing in Sorell was to the fore Great praise is due to Mesdames Grant Lucas, and Hayton for their peace bran c and energy, and thanks are due to all who helped to make the evening a success Drawing Yacht Club -A cruisers race, under the auspices of this club will be sailed on Saturday, 21st inst, over a long distance course, tram the usual Start his, place, round Hope Island, Port Esperance, and back The first prize is a trophy presented by Messrs Jas Watson the Sons, of Dundee, through their representatives Messrs W at them Bros Given favourable conditions, this race should prove interesting to votaries of the sport The time of starting has been fixed at a later hour than usual for long races, so spectators will have an opportunity of seeing, the finish Quality tells and quality sells The Qui IN Soap is only the best quality Pigeon Match The Tasmanian Gun Club hold their annual meet at Bellevue course on 25th April next Arrangements for matches are advertised this day Loyalty before all things Long live the Qui i N Soap for" boiDiius Ghost -Here is a nice creepy story for lovers of ghost yarns A labourer who was a reservist, left his native town in Essex for the front. He was an occasional customer at the village hostelry, where his face and for me were quite familiar to the postman Last week this postman was passing one of the rooms when he thought he saw somebody seated there He looked in, and there was the reservist, sitting alone at the table " Hullo, Bill my boy, says the postman, "I thought you I am at the waist Wait a minute 111 come in and have a pitch The the postman aforesaid, then threw away some water he was carrying, and came back to the room but when he (got there the place was all bare for poor old AVi'ham had ymc He could not have got out by the door without passing the potman Now, Bill had a cousin, who was fond of Bill, and he, the cousin, came to the hotel two days later with a newspaper in his hand. ' What he! says the potman, "shows the car Letter on? Not too well, ' Hays the cousin, "Bills been killed at Spion Kop ' "Then I see his ghost in that there room on' Tuesday night I " says the postman, and he told the story So a London evening paper says, and it further remarks that the postman suddenly left the village Much village? Well, the evening paper does not say It is willing to do all it can to provide matter that the public like to read, but it does not exist for the purpose of answering Liquor five questions And it tells the story very well, with much sincerity and several convincing words, such as "wraith" and " mysterious visitor." Buyers of Watches should call and inspect the magnificent Stock of Ladies'', Gent's, and Boys' Watches in Nickel. Gun Metal, Sterling Silver, and Gold Cases, at Bibby's, 80, Liverpool-street. A large and varied assortment has just come to hand, and purchasers can select from the largest and best assorted stock in Tasmania; and the prices will compare favourably with any show in the island. A liberal cash discount - allowed on all yearly purchases. Bee of window display. The queen of soaps Is the Queen Soap looks well, pays we 1, washes well. The HONORABLbTr. H. D. WHITE writes : Mr. W. J. CLEWER, Hobart Parliament House, Sydney. Dear Sir, Judging from results I have no hesitation in saying your Hair Restorer is the BEST I have ever seen or heard of. After using it a few times my hair GREW RAPIDLY, CEASED to fall out, and was restored to its usual colour. I have recommended it to a great many of my friends during the last three years. (Signed) R. H. D. WHITE. Sole Proprietor, W. J. CLEWER, PHARMACEUTICAL CHEMIST, 93, Elizabeth-street. The pain of a burn or scald' is almost instantly relieved by applying Chamberlain's Pain Balm. Italsoheals the injured parts more quickly than any other treatment, and unless the burn is very severe does not leave a scar. For sale by all dealers. Price, 1/6, 37. A. P. Miller, my Son, Wholesale Agents, Hobart. 