I THE NOVELIST. I CUNNING MURRELL ARTHUIt MOHRISON. CHAPTER V. AN INTERRUPTED SONG. Hadleigh fair waxed and waned. It was "ot the way of Cunning Murrell, in gene 1 (0 ije seen at daytime; his was a silent slidden presence of the night, and there were talcs of the distances he travelled (nnd li'mts of the means whereby), that were told in whispers only, and not to strangers- Hut one fair day he was sought j)Vdie sick and the troubled of many vil lages. and he dispensed herbs and charms to many lhat travelled half across the country to fetch them. There were, indeed, those who ca"ie further, for Murrell's fame as iJiVKican and cattle doctor spread across the county even to the Sussex border, and lie was esteemed beyond Bedlow of llaw rctJ, -who was a most distinguished charac ter- while in matters of greater abstruse "es's and difficulty, the baffling of witches, the ri'i-ovory of lost property, and the bring ing to 'he altar of iiekle lovers, he had no rival whatever. But it was not his way to sit at t!u receipt of custom, taking in turn : the many that resorted to him. Rather he (must he sought and solicited, and they I were llie lucky that were able to buy his \ counsel. S<> that one might always see, i throughout the most of fair-day, in the nar | row lane where his cottage stood, and away i from the merry crowd in Hadleigh-street, certain pensive women and a few anxious piils, their eyes solicitously turned toward the cuiming man's dcor, their hands all willing to click the latch, though each fear ful of rebuff; sometimes, too, an awkward ;ind shamefaced man. 80 it was in the lane this day. But in the noisy street the round of saiely spun with a dazzle, and in the ; afternoon, long ere the Fire-eater had palled or the Fat Lady ceased to amaze, the customary fight had broken out be tween the wariiors of Hadleigh and those of Lcigli. 'l'he Leigh men, mostly distin guished by their blue guernseys, but well enough known individually, never allowed any day of rejoicing to run many hours without a fight; and Hadleigh was as ready for Leigh as Leigh could wish. Conspicuous, though not large, among the Hadleigh champions was Buck Murrell, disgraceful and degenerate son of the soothsayer; short, thick, and shock-headed, hatiess and fierce, he was ever where the fray raged thickest, and this day he headed the rush up the stairs ol' the Castle Inn that drove the lew Leigh men in the club-room (made another tap-room for the day) out by the window and down the post of the inn sign, readied by a jump from the sill), hand over Laud, to the street. It was because of this lingular escape that, a week after, tenter hooks WL-ic driven in the post-the tenter hooks that remain to this day, witnesses of the prowess of Hadleigh ana the seaman like agility of Leigh in the year 1854. Soon the fight took half the attention of the fair, and peep-shows were overset. More, one corner of the Living Skeleton's booth gave way and brought the canvas about Mag Banhani's ears and those of young Sun Cloyse, who was taking her a fairing; and such was her discomposure and affliction that gin and peppermint wa6 mcessaiy to restore her, and she had to he rest01 id more than once. Then, toward 5 0 clock or so, the scrimmage grew slack, for some bodily refreshment, some measure of threepenny, is needed to maintain the activity of the most valorous champions. And when the noise of the battle arose again, it was less in volume than it had been in the afternoon, and the combat it telf noi so brisk; for the measures of three penny that spur warriors to conflict are apt at the same time to impair, their might, and to null awav the legs from under them. Till .u last, when the final skirmish tailed away into a meadow by the four-want way, some body was inspired to drive a startled and disconcerted cow into the meadow, with 1 nrfVi'i bull! look out for the Dull Whereat the champions of Leigh, already somewhat outnumbered, and in no *ery competent state to make zoological distinctions, went for the nearest hedge, una cleared it; and the fight was done. For ; leiiie, distrust of bulls, and a great dis inclination to remain in the same field with lie, made a singular failing of the fisher n ot tins coast; though one might have ten sadly put to it to find another earthly Lieature wherewith to daunt them. nani!l?i liecl,"fhows were picked up and l." . u,)'- .living skeleton took down i- ''^"jming three corners of his habita nt ' "I', A/,at *.a<^' bethought her of sup rili'io Castle Jnn and the Crown late ivf,,;6 ,iUCICi ,nade of revellers yet un a,,(l young Sim Cloyse and Mag u,.,,.! wandered together through Dawes 'veni..,.'a!i?' ,limd gathering shadows and iieivin, somewhat characterised by I'Werinint. 'uil nf'Vl (ast,le *nn .taproom and bars were peimv 1 !n A1 6tjH thirsted after three i j Parlour was given over to 'PPctibiii? gl'°up of tradesmen and re tantSS Qf ente,r(?d there, There sat Pisk jif' 1' -fj e Liugood, Banham, Dan lome nefJ.'i -r' and a dozen others from ^njovn eS nfU"ng p?rt8' immersed in the "'liroven ent ' tD bevera«e«' a?.d mutual ,0 Here,-;! ,! ' "?re wa? eome disposition 3iins i a weakness m the drink, per i\ater ,* r®a"y wa6 the custom to :au« it u-Tl ' cay'- Per'laPs merely be lat»re to Ruspect"?T"^ 3eal°U8 human [ Dan F^k /. I II '] t r parked.001 6tuff' 6arten *° Prentice 'cnt^d^'L"^, bel,ywenEeance," Fisk as lontenipiuouslv ®nd he pelt ^ ?<*«Mhat the 'Quint rnH, j humorist, with a M hl8 l??t before him as , - T mew, an'we arisknqweil . I den't Unowit," IM&eA; nightstwenSy^jsOT* -a b Ah., you're a yourtg woyse's nuBstu, she; ' ' . Why 6 Xbn0dnya,fav- "°f. dr«k»tsbe coolJ,t 'they ouny eat » con' she Baid' is'sr/r g%?- ». p»» cjous JittJe trade FuU ^ight ^fp ,)te" KaSS'trs^'f^'^ 'HoT you re ruined it'll serve ve rfstVif# A > Nun never ^ riant. An there winrilM' \b.i Knap; look at that winder a1l i!"all^/V''e T'ere tbe biS^ .how's that?' "ays Sim '**&. a !fintUSt'C;U»ft0mer kim" iu ^-da'y.Te had an ranted an' iu 8 ' n, "e swore 2z ih" Lmvc °r j§^aTs& t 3i-£ig ^TLST' '1 fZT."' h!s iS! cLfiSi E* parlour 'of the'oi^ff °* ';?r!B0'j';ell<;e 'u l'le little substance, for he did ? ]yt°flk but,sutb Pleased his leisure in u'S J? garde»; nnd «'«* was the wooden a?c""nV IS ill! iS'-^l .£ S'ifr KftLV'tK' Td "-'cJ " T> in a sea ,-|l' . ,' t.y6 knee was smashed. But an mifflif hiv ^ ?ob°shobery had had one might ha\e declared with truth that thp alrav'oftW comfon fisherman-smuggler dnraj, of the^ usual murderous sort with a off th* Great gunk ( Good even in', Master Dove," cried Fsk ]}e R'jowcd your footstep." hi/o^f 1>0UrS ah,oyi" Cove answered with to n v OIn'Yy sa!ute' as he across to a vacant seat by Banham. His Ten smock was gone and in it.s place he wore J-Mit helJad'o^deS'hfthe ».S "co'ri fri'Si hi\er )W»a i enler>=ed from his fob This linil°0k rV the bou' ?rave'>" banged it three nmes edgewjse on tlie wooden socket that lii/isLi!-!''), !® ! a"d c!a])')ed k ^ his ear; iinishing b\ looking at the face and -in nou,icing the time. ''Quarter-nas' nine" more or less," he said, gf0r be'tfi arter ye." 1 6°1"e °' your w'ives 'ood a^in wns ",ade 3 little less retiring bv the celebrations proper to the dav He seized the watch suddenly, and shook it be fore the company. "Ah,""'he said"-therms watcji. there s a watch! That witch is fJlCrSC' tbai,is! Tis Mid Master Dove s U'JT«S» i,0Und f°r that Watcb- An* 'Ah," Roboshohery remarked />«>« I invT^I H"ing ?'!o1^ pi,,e> "that 'is- An' Give MhofiV? " " « *».»«. UJ^\ l^ove !,c a Foulness man," Ban ham went on, as one proclaiming an un deniable quality m his hero; " a Foulness 35 ® well knowed." 'A.v, sarten to say," assented Prentice J here was a silence, and the obscure man began ugain '-When the bahloon fell at liari'n ,n eighteen-twen " But here Jobson of ickford, whose head had been ^owl.v inc ining toward his knees for some ®i so that he sceined like to pitch for ward out of his chair, suddenly sat up and demanded, An' what's the wuss of a man it he be a l'oulness chap? Eh9 That K* Piffr" * «?"«.«. «"» "Ah, sarten to say," murmured two or three, soothingly. "Arn't a Foulness man good as a Had leigh man, or a Bemflit man, or a Roch rord man, or-or what not?" caHv°mSe hC be'" 1>rentiee 8ru»ted, pacifi Jobson of Wickford looked at his friend for several seconds; then he said, " 4rl right then, arl right!" let his pipe fall, and began to nod again. "There ha' bin many fine men o' Foul n<?ss, said Lingood. '"There were the seven Aliens, an' Jack Bennewith, that fought tiie London prizefighter." "All." Banham struck in, "an' 'twere a Koboshobcry Dove o' Foulness as fit King ./It ,' an' got b'B bcad chopped off." No," objected Lingood, "'twere King Charles that lost his head I do read." "An' Koboshobery Dove," Prentice cor rected, "lie fit for King Charles, bein' a parson, an' were hulled out o' chu ch there for. Aren't that so, Bosh?" . "Ay, 'tare,'.' lioboshobery confirmed, basking in the general homage. "An' I were christened such arter him by special recommendation o' Jfnster Elhrood, the parson. "Tis arl a possibility,' he says to my father, 'that yow be descendants; an' anyhow,' he says, "tis a fine, handsome name.' "That it be," assented Banham. "I hold a pound there aren't anoathcr man with half sich n name, not in arl Essex!" "An* so he christened me," Dove con cluded. "Ah, he were a parson o' th'oad sort, were Master EI {wood. \Vore silver bucklcs to his breeches, an' slep' in his wig; an' hia walkingstick were five foot long." fSorne such conversation as this was usual in the Castle parlour, when, Roboshohery Dove, being present, it was desired to ex hibit him for the admifotion of strangers. Commonly, it led to long and amazing yarns of his adventures, from the time ot the French war down to yesterday; and .'nearly always to one or more of his.fore-' castle songs, of which he had a curious aud diverge,stpre,, not always composed to please the,squeamish. But to-night Robo shohery tui^ned the talk to the war, and by w? aid of the crumpled newspaper Irom jh>" pocket .^vae presently expounding the .state of'ftfjaire irom Archangel to Varna jtp the mstYvction ^and . mystification of brought, to a ptand by mothing out a paragraph, which set down 'he^dainage. do^p.in Brahestad Doiliyai'd t 350,000 silver roubles^ iind then 'not so Aicji. ijy ,,tbjet-.'doubt Mi to .^bether.: the kurefe'ShftuTd '*e&o; thlrit^-five thoUs&hd; or. blank impossibility of guessing how much a silver rouble might be. Meanwhile, without, the wonted calm of a summer night fell about Hadleigh. The fire-eater, the fat lady, and the living skele ton all were gone, and the street was empty, save now and again for a home goer carrying an overload of threepenny on unsteady legs. Except at the Castle Inn most were in bed: in the little row of wooden cottages that included Cunning Murrell's house, ail certainly were, save Murrell himself, who, after a long spell of shadowy activity behind the blind of his keeping-room, at length blew out the rush light and stepped noiselessly out of door. It was one of his customary night jour neys, without a doubt. The umbrella was over his shoulder, and the frail basket de pended from its handle. The curious of Hadleigh had once or twice seen herbs taken from that frail basket, herbs gathered, no doubt, at a proper nour of night and with the right formalities; but what else it might carry was matter of dark wonder and secret surmise. Just as were his night-walks such as this. He walked in the lane a little, still with out noise. Presently he crossed to a stile, climbed it, and wont off across the meadows in the direction of the ridge and the sea, and so vanished unheard into thtf night. Minutes went in the deep stillness that is so full of tiny sounds, of leaf, and grass, and beetle; and in the village a dim light or two went out. There was an effort at song in the taproom of the Casile Inn, which broke down in the second verse ana I ended in laughter and debate. The hint was not lost on the parlour company, how ever, and presently, the windows being open, Roboshobery Dove's voice was audible from end to end of Hadleigh and beyond. A merry man o' money stood a-boasting on the quay, "0, I have a ship, and a gallant ship is she; And of all the ships that sail she's the best uponl the sea, And she's sailing in the Lowlands low." Lowlands! Lowlands! She's sailing in the Lowlands low!" The chorus came with such a will that a | hurried and angry step in the passage by the inn was unheard, and Mrs. Ban bam, come to fetch her husband home, had the parlour-door open ere the longest-winded of the company had quite done with the last syllable. iianham was excitable, but ten fair day. together, with all their accompaniments, could not have driven him to defy his wife. Instant on her appearance he rose with "Arl right, missis, arl right. I were just a-eomin'," and, abandoning his pot, reached the door ere she had time to get out more than a sentence of the shrill reproaches she was charged with. But she spared him none of them, and the parlour com pany, with serious faces, heard them as the couple passed the window, and heard them still tiil distance overcame her voice. "Come," said Prentice, "never mind that. Next werse, Bosh!" lloboshobery Dove, something discom posed by the interruption, toolc a drink and presently went 011, gaining spirit and volume as he went: "For I had her built of the good oak tree, And the name I gave unto her was the Golden Vanity, And I freighted her and manned her, and she bore away to sea, And she's sailing in the Lowlands low." Lowlands! Lowlands! She's sailing in the Lowlands low!" Then up steps a sailor-man a-walking on the quay, "O, I was aboard of your Golden Vanity, When the look-out was aware of a rover of Sallee, And we sunk her in the Lowlands low." Lowlands! Low Every mouth was at its widest when the door was dashed open again and revealed Ban ham. "A run!" he cried. "There be a run o' tubs! 'Haps a fight. Coastguard's burnin' a blue tiare, sou ch'ch way!" The chorus stopped, but nobody shut his mouth. A night-run of smuggled goods was a thing so wholly dropped out of every man's experience of late years that for a space nobody stirred or spoke, but al! gaped at the'earrier. lioboshobery Dove, albeit his song was ruined, was first to start up, not forgetting to empty his tumbler as he did so. And in ten seconds from that the parlour stood empty, and the whole company was run ning/hobbling, trotting, scuttling, or stump ing, according to age and circumstances, into the Castle lane and over the meadows toward whatever point promised to give a good view along the ridge and the shore. For if the coastguard were burning a blue J light at Southchurch it could but be to 1 call help from Shoebury and Leigh, and \ that could mean but one thing. It was witness to their forgetfulness of ancient habits that all without hesitation ran freely to see. In the old times every man not actually engaged on the run would have kept back, lest he were seen and suspected. Jobson, of Wickford, floundering sleepily in the rear, sprawled over a mixen and fell asleep again. But the rest persevered, and ; even the last and worst-directed got a j glimpse of the distant light ere it burned out. A party of six or eight, with ltobo shobery Dove among them, kept together,! and made their best pace along the cliff edge toward Leigh. Dove maintaining the pace and keeping his wooden leg clear of traps and holes with a surprising address. Somewhere on the cliff over the Mill Gort lie judged the light to have burned, and he was puzzled to account for any smuggler who knew the coast selecting for a landing a spot so vastly less advantageous than a dozen others. They kept their way till Leigh village lay below them, black and silent. Here they were stopped by the rectory garden wall. The Nore light out at sea and the light on Garrison Point, at Sheerness, stood con stant in the vast dark, and nearer moved the lights of two small ships, beating up to the Thames. Not the lap of an oar nor the fall of a foot could be heard, and curiosity began to slacken. It was re membered that another three miles lay_ be tween Leigh and the Mill Gort, and the flare might even have been burned farther along still. It was very late, and after all there might be nothing to see. So it was resolved to turn backs to the shore and strike across a waste and two beanfields for the road. If there liad been a moon and the tubs had got through they would probably be brought that way. "Though," said Prentice, ' a run arn t likely on midsummer uight." "That doan't argufy, Dove answered. <"Tis dark enough, an there'll be anoather sort o' coastguard here in autumn, when the Baltic fleets come in." . They were crossing the waste, and pick ing their way between many gorse- bushes. !Presently, in the midst of the group, n patient voice began, "When the . bahloou fell at Barl'n, in eighteen' twetony-eight, I were in a tunnip- fil' with--" :? "G'lor!" exclaimed "Pwmtice. "Who's ibat?" ? "Where? 'I see summun or summaf," eaidanother j WJ. 6ee fluutuiuu yt etmnnuvj «wim auvwci the party. "Arl black. Stud up out o'the fuM-push, vek'i It?" . . . - gone. 'Twere a man or a ghost, sarten to say!" "Den't you see him, Steve Linggood?" "Ay, I thote I did. A man rd say: a little unV All stood and stared into the empty air about them. Then said Lingood, "Not hap to be Cunnin' Murr'll out on his niglit walks, eh? . . . Else he'd ha' spoke. Heh! Master Murr'll! Master Murr'll! Be that you?" The echo came back clear and sharp from the rectory wall, but not another sound. "(*et along, neighbours," urged Dove. "Man or devil, we want none of his devil try. Get along." Across the two bean-fields they trudged and along the road from Lapwater Ilall into Iiadleigh, but saw no more visions of man, devil, or blue light, nor heard aught but their own voices. ? 