IK TilF. I.ATTF.R DAY!? OF SERGEANT; mLLAXTYXE. There are innumerable eAories of famous Temple students who have become eminent at the Bar. 1 am not going to repeat any I of them in this series of vacation Cigar- ] ettes. but Mr. Thorpe relates an incident of the Utter days of Sergeant BaUantyne ' that is new to' me.' The Sergeant is a ' verv recent Temple ghost. Most of my readers uill remember him. Be was a popular member of the Garrick and the ' Union Oubs. rarely missed an opportunity j of supping at Evans's, where 3 met liim more than once during my first days in ' town, lie made more money at the Bar' probably than any of his contemporaries, and squandered it uith a recklessness that , became simply stnpid. Though a bachelor, ' be lutd several establishments ; and though ! a lawyer, many a sharper pot money out j of him. He was a genial kind of cynic, though not what yon would call a lovable man. Those who knew him ultimately spoke oi him a* a delightful companion. That one so 'capable of picking out the I weaknesses of other men's conduct should lie so utterly incapable of managing his own nfTairs is one of those curious anoma lies of life that amaze sober-minded people, while they tend to level* genius with the crowd. One of our most gifted vocalists, who, in his time has made money enough to buy a little kingdom, is in anything bnt alftuent vircusHstanecs : and Sergeant Bal Jantyne in liis declining days was noan ciallv assisted by his friends. Mr. Thorpe's story .it him is an illustration of char acter that one admires. At the close of his career a subscription was got up for him that amounted to some £700 a-year.i One fcufcscriber offered £150 a-year ou*con- ' dition that the Sergeant would withdraw from .a certain club, which was tbe one pleasure of his life- 'Of course the amount was not enough : no amount would liare been enough.' Wlioo & similar sub scription was made for Charles James Fox, and there w«-re fears of hurting his feel ings, some one asked Selwyn how he thought Fox would lake it. - Why quaf 