\ fHE CHRISTMAS MOONLIGHT, I OOUPLBTB STOBfTi ; IZA DUFFUS HARDY, A.-.I »f "T- - Romance of theBAar Ou . J>V If ry Hose," &c.;, . copTEiairr J . '% HO would ever think it was jjBsipgra Christina Eve ? ' said Helen Dal- t£$a\ rymple, ifiln t waving MB . with Suf- ' rfiTfr' T nrfflliofr taneeque languor |Hwa a«u luxury I 9 a inherronk- C ml 1m JBjib m \ in& ea"' \- v ¥1 01 sErafe® 0 l untiie south I piazza, 5# I looking at S& the orange trees bend- ing beneath their burthen of ruddy-ripe golden fruit, the tall slim pines, the graceful "yellow pines" of the south, their feathery crowns of foliage traced in delicate pencilling against the burning azure of a sky almost tm> vivid iu its light and colour. It was piily the hour after early breakfast, yet the. sun- r beams already poured in a broad level blaze on the piazza, and danced in a dazzle of dia monds ou the lake, that was as pure a blue « the shining sky. Jt was as "fair a scene as the eye could desire, yet Helen spoke with a sort of in voluntary sigh. "Who would ever think it was Christmas Eve f" 14 Isu't it lovely?" said her sister Mary, with smiling content. Sweet Mary Weston, happily married and settled in this fair Florida home, had ceased to sigh for licr native land. 44 Yes, it's lovely, if only one didn't see su much of it! But what I should like to 6cc now would be frost and snow or even a good thick yellow London fog !" 44 I'm afraid even John could not oblige you with that, here, though I think he is not very far behind the French king (which one was it ?) who had the ground covered with al( when the lady of his heart conceived a perverse desire to go sleighing in summer." " John spoils me, and I'm afraid he's not the only one that does, "rejoined Helen, endi ng and stretching out her hand to her sister. " I don't think we've spoilt you, Nell ! " said Mary Weston, patting the pretty hand. " But I think John would, if he could." 44 He is very good," the younger sister said, less lightly. 41 He is ! " Mrs. Weston agreed emphati cally. 44 And you are very fond of him. aren't you ? " with a touch of anxiety which she did not intend to betray, but which was plain as the sun in the heaven to Helen's quick perception. 44 Yes, I am," she answered sincerely ; "I should be very ungrateful if I wasn't ! But I do wish he would take me home for a honeymoon trip ! " she added, with only half -playful petulance, 44 Everybody goes to England on their bridal trip." "Not everybody, dear." 14 Well, everybody who cau afford it, end John can afford anytlriug be likes!" 44 But, you sec, it is John's business keeps him here." 44 Oh, yes, I know. I dare say it seems just a perverse fancy of mine, like longing for a sleigh ride in summer, for enow in this sunny south." 44 I'm afraid, dear Nell, you get a little homesick sometimes." 44 Do I, Mary?" with a curious smile. " You think so ?" 44 1 am afraid so. sometimes, dear. But you'll settle down all happily and comfortably when once you are married and in your 'own home." 44 Yours has been home to me, Mary !" 44 And you have helped to make it a real home to me. I might have felt a little strange and far-away even with Fred, if it had not been for you. And now I must go and help Chloe make the cukes." 44 And I'll come and do the mincepies," 6atd Helen cheerfully. 44 No, no, Nell; I won't have you getting tired and flushed over the stove ; John will be coming soon." "Poor, dear Mary ! " said HeTen to her self, as lier sister hastened away on household cares intent. 44 She only thinks I am home sick. If the only knew how tired I am of oranges and piuetrees ! And she's m> anxious, poor dear, to be assured that I am really fond of John ! Dear, good John 1 the only thing I'm afraid of is that he is too good for me ! But I shall be able to make him happy, I think. Anyhow, I'll do mv beet. And I'm buru I shall be happy with him, as bappy as any woman can expect to be, after the first dream is over !" She sighed as her thoughts went back to that 44 first dream." 44 Walter, " she murmured. 44 Poor Walter ! If he had lived !" YUious of another Christina rose before her. Walter was helping licr to put up the iiolly. They two were lingering over their gdod-night in the hall. He was folding a wrap round her as she went out into the chill of the white wintry night with him to look at the snow glittering in the moonlight. Oh, for that 41 white Christmas" of four years ago! 44 My pour boy! My poor boy!" Helen said softly to herself. 44 To think that the cold, cruel sen, the deep, dreadful sea, rolls over his head ! and that no one, no one, will ever, ever know the truth !" She shuddered aud clasped lier hands, and the bright colours of the sunny landscape grew dim to her eyes. But when John Armstrong, her stalwart lover, came, the suiile was roady to greet him ou her lips. She was very fond of Joliu, and the past was pa9t ; the present, though it did seem a little dull sometimes, a little pale and tame beside that poor dead past, and yet full of hope ; thanks to Juliu ! Sheltered by liia love, surely she would be safe from the sting of memory, even from the insidious gnawing of homesickness. He was so strong, it gave her a satisfying sense of pro tection and safety to be with him. He had tye muscles of a gladiator, and yet, , with all his rough, uncultivated ways, the gentleness of a woman. Helen loved the mingling of half rough force and reverent tenderness about him, and often assured herself that she really loved him very much, though she was not very lavish of protestations or caresses—. Kvhjch indeed were not much in Heleu Dal- qymple's way. John was English, too. Perhaps, if he had not been her compatriot, he might have found his Helen harder to win. There were many English settled iu this part of Florida, but few as fortunate as John Armstrong. Everything he touched seemed to prosper, and now in winning Helen's troth he had won his crowning fortune— his heart's desire. His sun-bronzed and somewhat rugged- featured face was beaming, as he drew his chair as close as it could be drawn to hers, and took possession of her hand and felt the slender fingers rest in his big palm as if it were their home. 41 Do you know, darling, this is the hap piest Christmas I've ever had P " he said. 44 Since you were a boy!" she rejoined, laughingly. 44 But you don't know anything about me when I was a-boy? " he demurred, smiling (n happy response, 44 Oh yes, lhnow that you were very much tike other boys ! You were happy when to stuff yourself with mincepies and plum pudding, --and pull crackers and play snap dragon, was your highest- ideal of happiness ! And you were happy when you kissed the girls under the mistletoe ! " "But never half so happy as now that I «&& kiss my girl without the mistletoe 1 My own girt ! No, darling, there's not a soul in sight! You arc my own girl, aren't you? Helen, darling, what would you like to do to keep our Christmas to-morrow? Shall we have a drive iu the evening aud a picnic supper in the woods by moonlight P" A moonlight picnic on Christmas night ! Oh, John, where is your sense of the fitting?" John looked puzzled. 44 1 want to do anything that would please you, dearest. What would please you? 44 Oh, I don't know. Perhaps a good old- fashioned English fro6t, or a London fog. or si sleigh- ride!" recalling her conversation with her sister. "Nothing I can give you?" he said, with a shade of disappointment. 44 John, dear, you're too good!" she said, with a sudden gush of tenderness. 44 1 don't deserve that you should get me anything ! Mar, said to me just now that she thought I was a little home sick — and I suppose tbatV just what I am ! Oh, Johu, couldn't we go home in spring on a little honeymoon trip ?" 44 I'm afraid not, darling; perhaps some t'lue, but not now. Helen, can't you be happy here? You kuow I'll do all I can." 44 Indeed I do know it, you are the best aud dearest of old Johns!" she answered, more lightly, with her sweetest untie. 44 Helen," be said, after a thoughtful pause, in which his genial face had grown grave, 4 4 do you know that I feel sad some times, fearing that the life here won't content you, that you'll be thinking of England <-; home!' And I wonder sometimes whether it isn't because it was iu England that—that you rerfffeuiber you told me, darling, blcs> your truthful transparent soul, that wouldn't keep any secret from too, my sweetheart ! that there was — some one you — liked there- some oue who is dead." 44 Need we talk of him?" said Helen more coldly. "No, no, darling, not if it hurts you ! But it hurts me to think that -there's a pain in that memory still ! I'd like to take all paiu, all trouble, from you, even any pain of the past! I'd draw the sting from your memory if I could ?" 44 No memory cau sting me very sharply while I have you, John," she answered with an impulse of self-reproachful, half remorse ful tenderness. 41 And I won't give way to home sickness auy more if it gives you the least bit of pain ! Don't trouble yourself, John, about the ghost of yesterday! To- norruw is yours !" 44 And to-day?" he urged. 44Is to-day — livided P Or is it all mine ? " 44 1 think it looks as if it were all yours," she said, softly, as he kissed her. 44 Let yester day rest, John, rest with the last year's snows in England ! And let us go and pick oranges to-day ? And there are some guavo still. I should like some for lunch. We never see them at home except in jelly, do we ? After all, there are some good things in the sunny south !" she added, with a lapse into her old, light, laughing tone. 44 There aro guavag, and grape-fruit, and you ! " John Armstrong went away happy. One thing only now troubled him, he couhl uot make up his mind what to give Helen for a Christinas present. Blundering fellow that be vas ! he reproached himself, not to have thought over it before. He went to the beet jeweller's in Giralda, the nearest large town, where, having but little time to spare, and being unable to make up his mind in haste on the spot, he ordered J selection of choice trinkets to be sent to his rooms, for his leisurely inspection. Every one in GiralJa knew John Aimst-roug, aud there was no difficulty made about entrusting the jewcl» to his care. He was lookiug in anxious cogitation front thfe contents of one velvet-lined case to another, as they were set out before him on the table, when there was a tap at the door, andthe negro 44 bell-boy " annouueed, 4 Mr. Lawrence, sab, wants to know ef he kin set? you." 44 Why, certainly. Show Mr. Lawrence up. Come iu, Lnwrenoe, glad to see you, and a merry Christmas to you, ray dear fellow !" 44 The same to you! I see I needn't ask how you are!" said the visitor, glancing at John Armstrong's healthy brown face. 44 Oh, I'm all right — right as a frivct! And you? how have you been? All right too, I hope? Grove flourishing ?" 44 Yes, all going ou well. I've come up to Giraldu on a little business and you're the first person I've looked up." 44 That's right, that's ail right !" said Arm strong, heartily, 44 I've been thinking of rim ning down to Tampa, and then I'd have been the oue to look you up, but I've had my hands full lately ; it's beeu a busy time, though it's not been all business ! You've just come iu the nick of time how. to give me your help and advice. I was just muddling my brain over these things, jerking his head towards the display on the table. 14 Which do you thiuk's the— the b-st of the lot ? The — the most likely to — suit a lady?" Armstrong was stammering and the colour rose in his bronzed check. "A lady? Ah ! " said Lawrence, with a smile. 44 Pleasure as well as business been keeping you about here, I see?" 44 Yes, you see, well, the fact is, I'm going to bo married." " Heartiest cuugralulations, old fellow ! The youug lady's lucky— that I know! and so are you, I hope ! " "I just am r'siiid Anustrongempiiaticauy. 44 Wait till vou sec her ! " 44 When she will be wearing one of these, I expect ! " suggested Lawrence. He was a younger man than Armstrong, fairer aud of slighter build, with a tawny heard, honest, kindly bine eyes, a pleasant, though rather ad, smile, and a generally rather grave, i iioiightful expression. He was sympathetic cully willing to help the perplexed lover in his choice of a gift, which was fortunate, as poor John had not much taste, and was sorely bewildered in bis contemplation of the "em barrus de richesses" that lay before Lira. 44 Now this — this is something out of the common, ch?"he suggested, but hesitat ingly, us deferring to Lawrence's better judgment, pointing to a necklace of alligator's , teeth lavishly set iu gold. "Or this now?" indicating a heart-shaped ornament almost big enough to wear us a shield, and adorned with a true lover's knot studded with jewels of all the colours of the rainbow. 44 Do you think alligators' teetli quite a pretty thing to clasp round a girl's throat? " Lawrence demurred. 44 And isn't this a trifle— just a trifle showy? " John's countenance fell. 44 She likes everything dainty and deli cate," he said. 44 How about this?" said Lawrence, taking up a simple hut costly necklet of a single- . string of exquisitely patched pearls. It was Armstrong's turn to demur. 44 Dou't pearls mean tears ?" he rejoined. 44 Ah? You wouldn't risk giving her those?" said the younger man, with a smile that ended in a short, quickly-stifled breath like a sigh. "No, I wouldn't," said Armstrong, notic ing his frier ' 'ook with au instinct of feUoiv-fecliti? You wouldn't either, would you, 1. if you were choosing — something foi Homebody?" 44 No, I suppose I should be superstitious, too. But there's nobody — now ! and I've had all the superstition and fancy and romance pretty well knocked out of me." 44 There's nobody now," Armstrong re peated his words. "There," be added, delicately and hesitatingly, 44 there was some body once, then ?" 44 Once !" Lawrenoe echoed, looking down at the pearl neoklacc. When the choice was finally made of a slender gold bracelet with a four-leaved shamrock iu diamonds ("All women like diumonds," the two men had agreed), the comrades sat down with a pipe and glass, and then Armstrong referred, iu his frankly sympathetic, if blundering way to Lawrence's late admission. "I'm afraid my — my asking you about that,'' nodding towards the bracelet, 44 recalls things to you ! " 44 They haven't got far to be recalled, they lie near the surface," the younger mail replied, gloomily. 44 There was somebody, and it — it — didn't come to anythiug?," Armstrong voiitur-nl. his heart softened by bis own huppine, his sympathy too sincere to be iuu-u-ive. Lawrence paused a moment, Uien oaui, abruptly : 44 She thinks I'm dead, at least I hope alio does. She's far away— 1 shall never see ber again. But somehow Christmas always m ikes me think of old days." Armstrong nodded in silent comprehension Lawrence paused a moment, then added with almost harsh abruptness : 41 Look here, Armstrong, I've often thought of telling you. I was very near it more than once, when you were surii a good chum to me at Oca la. The fact is I— I left Euglaud under a cloud! My very name — well, it'.- my own, for I was christened Lawrence a» my second name, but it's not my tru? sur name. There are others of us here who have come out of the way, as 1 did, but not many shadowed by a cloud as black aa mine." 44 What was it, ruy boyP" asked John Armstrong, fraternally. 44 Ob, I've not bolted from the law." Lawrence 6uid quickly. 14 1 stand clear of that, I think. But it'e the suspicion, of which I fed I shall never be clear.' "She suspected — believed ill oF you?" "God bless her — no. She declared she had faith in tuc. But no oue else bad. I couldn't ask her to marry mo under a cloud, to take my name with the stein on it. I came abroad t" live it down, and the ship in which I'd taken my passage was wrecked — you remember the disaster of the Columbia? I was stqipotsed to have been on board ; my name was in th list of loBt. But at the lust minute an accident had prevented ray sailing. No one knew at home that I had uot sailed- They all believe that I went down with the Columba and the rest of her unlucky jms- engers and crew." 44 And she believes it, too?" 44 She must, what else can she think? It is better so. 1 decided not to write and tell ber I was safe." .J She may be grieving — mourning for ou," suggested Armstrong. 4fFor a time— yes. But it is best as it is — for her. She is youug; the thought of me and my trouble would be aunorc lasting cloud on her bright girlhood than the thought of my death. I would never have married her unless I could give her a stainless name. Sire will be happier, not. knowing. She believed me inuocent — that is mv comfort. Let her believe me dead, for licr own peace." 44 It's a sad state of things," mused Arm strong. 44 And What — what was the— " lie hesitated for a time — 44 the trouble," he finished. 44 Tliey called it murder — an ugly word, isn't it? But whatever it w;is, I had no band iu it. If any m m ki led Philip Sirctton, it was uotl !" "Philip Strettou !" Johu Armslivng started. His hack wu« to the liiriit, so Lawrence could not see how lii> healthy colour TKiled. 44 Yes, you remember the case, I sec ? 1 own it did look black against me. He wa my cousin, aud I his heir — though it would have been the other way round, he would have beeu my heir, and I should have stood in his shoes, ii my grandfather hail not made au unfair will. 1 lrad b.ni imprudent— was iu a little difficulty — and I whh foolish cuough to ask Philip for a loan, only au ad vance for three muntha. He said things that cut m'e. Til ere was a soreness between us, I own, but I would never have injured a hair of his head. You remember, perhaps, how I was arrested, remanded —all the miserable s-ory ? There was not evidence enough again mo to send the cane for trial, but there w.i.- enough to make people behove me guilty— to make me fed a pariah and an outcast— to make me cast aside my father's name as a tarnished and unclean thing — to drive me inu> exile here, a- a dead man, dead to his own land and lira own people." "It'sa sad business," said Armstrong, his voice strangely husky. 44 Iremember hearing of it." A pause; then he added : 4But, Lawrence, I «i v, old churn, aren't you per- haps a bit over-sensitive about people — suspecting y«>u?" 44 Over-sensitive ! Wheu I've seen women turn aside to avoid recognising me — when the very children have started at tue as if I were a wild beast ! But there, talking of it c.-m'l mend matters." He tilled his glass hastily ; hishand shook as he raised it to his lips. John Armstrong's brimming glass stood untouched by his side. . Another knock at the door, and the entrance of a second visitor— this time a gonial and somewhat boisterous one, to wish the compli ments of the season, interrupted the conver sation, rather to the relict' of both Armstrong and Lawrence, and it was much to the host's relief when both his visitors departed. Left aluue at last, he stood by the window deep in troubled thought, stariug out across the rough sandy road with eyes that could not see. 44 1 uever divaoit of this," be 6aid to him self, bis lips frumiug the words without sound, us men wjio have lived much alone often get the habit of communiug with them selves. 44 This comes of shirking, or trying to shirk. Oue can't shirk a tbinir — it will follow one. If it were not fur Helen, now. It's plain enough — the thing to do. It stares me in the face. But Helen, who trusts me. I must think of bur first. Yet that boy. He's beeu wronged euough. He wouldn't marry his girl with a stained name. Can I many my girl with a stained con science ? His girl iu England stuck to hitn. Maybe mine would 6tick to me. Would she, though? It's au ugly story to tell her. StiU, if she's got grit euough to stand it ? >lie doesu t look like one tliat would weaken :uid wilt away from a mail because of soinc- tliiug iu his past— though it does look rather u black business. I'll see. I'll sound her. <Iod forgive mc ! I'm a coward whore she's concerned. I see the right thing plain euough. Bub I can't— I can't. No, she's my ail ! I can risk the losing her !" Helen was oauutering in the orange-grove in the moonlight alone. She was glad to be alone, for somehow this Christmas Eve she was haunted by memories of that other Christinas with Walter four years ago ! That past was dead aud buried, but its ghoat walked sometimes. Two lines of a poeui she had once heard recited kept I turning iu her head : — 44 Pray for the one beloved, wherever he may be, In the hush of the Christinas midnight be will appear to thee!" How still the night was 1 Grove and wood and lake seemed to be sleeping in silence. Tue moonbeams bathed the fair landscape iu a silver sea of light, yer left im penetrated the dusky mysteries of shadow iu the deeps of 44 the dark browed trees." Slie thought of that 44 white wiuter " in England, and the ghost of the buried past walked ill the southern moonlight. Whs anything else stirring, too ? Was that a step ? Did a shadow move ? Could it bo John ? But John uever came that way through the grove. If it should be a tramp, and she so far from the house ? Tbo moving shadow gathered shape and .substance, stepped out from the darkness of the bordering trees, and the moonlight fell full upon his face. Helen stopped with a start. Who — what — was it? The moonlight was wcH-uijh bright as day. The face, the figure tiiub stood out clear in thosepure uudazziiug beams, I lie very g- sture with which the man panned at sight of her, all had been familiar to her once ! Was it a gho&t; ? Were the lines that had been ringing in her mind prophetic r ' Iu the hush of the Christmas miduigbt he will uppeur to thee." Ho, too, had paused at sight of the girl's slim white-robed figure : he started as one thunder stricken as he looked upon her face, pale and pure iu the colourless blaze of tlie semi-tropical moonlight, for while she stared, dumb with doubt aud amazement, on the dead alive, lie looked ou the liviug. lost to him, whom he had deemed five thousand miles away! He was the first to fiud his voice. "Heleu, Helen? You— here !" He stretched out his baud ; it was warm with life as it touched hers, struug with liviug human strength au it clasped her cold ;.ud irembliug fingers. 44 Walter, Walter i Are you alive ? 1 thought — 1 houid— yhj \\\v bat all mourned I you ah dend".. j V >uu aiiucuuug, oearlUg tl!6 ollObtui braoeh-t that was to be his Christmas gift, was on lit6 way to see his beloved, but not with the quick, assured step of the happy lover. He Jagged and took the longest way. lie might have said, if he had been given to quoting Shakespeare, 44 Oh, full of scorpions is my luind." They hit and stung, those snakes sad tempted to silence, prompted hitn with subtle sophistries 44 for HeWi's sake." Was not his first duty to spare her pain? Yet ho kuew that if he yielded to the tempta tion. he should foel himself to the last day of hit life a despicable ainuer. For till this day he had nor. realised what he had done, bat uow, if he kept silence «till, he would he sin ning with hh eyes open. titill oouiti he dare- trust Helen with Hie tin1!, at the risk of seeing her shrink from him. turn cold to him. perhaps take herself out. of his life. On the other hand, it was possible that she might uot fail him ! She jnight prove herself brave and loyal in the crucial hour. He felt he did not know Helen r.horou/bly. She was a sweet rose, 14 set witli little wilful thorns." He could not tell how far her pretty little waywardness and girlish caprices were mere ripples ou the sui f.-iue, what depths of love and faith and 'jourtigi might not lie in the depths beneath. While she sauntered on slowly, deep iu r.boughl, hie footfall soundless on the loose, «aiidy soil, lie heard a voice on the other side of the slender fringe of trees that bordered the grove. Not Helen's voice, he had never heard that tone in it. And yet it Wiis like hors — that voice with the teoder rhrill, the throb and pulse of living passion, of which he had never known it capable. "/Walter— Walter after all these years!" 44 My darling, my darling!" murmured the muu's voice, shaken and husky, but Lawrence's voice. John Armstrong made a Doiselnss step forward, looked gut of the shadow which concealed him from their view, and saw Helen, liis bride-elect, clinging to Lawrence, his arm round her, her face uplifted in the moonlight to his. For the moment they had forgotten all rlie world but each other. She had forgotten John, and he the stain upon his name, the cause of his exile. She was first to remember the barrier. "Oh, Waller, no— no! Let me go! I must tell you— I am not free !" 44 Is it you, then — you who were engaged to Armstrong?" 44 Yes, He is the best aud truest of men,' with a sob in her voice. 44 Walter, now that we have met, it can only be to part." John Armstrong heard no more. Had he not been standiug there as if stricken to stone, paralysed, lie would not have heard 60 much. He turned with a groping, staggering ges- lure, like a man rce'ing, blinded, beneatu u stunning blow, vet careful that no sound oi his going should startle them as lie went, and left them rlierc together. The moonlight- flooded landscape was black to him ; he seemed do be gi'uping bis way through great dark ness, his face set from the house towards which his steps had been bent. How could he face Helen now ? It was Helen whom ho had wronged ; it was Helen whom he had robbed of her love, albeit all unwittingly. He bad thought of Lawrence's unnamed love as far off, in the old country. But there was no far- away girl in England — it was Helen, here ! For licr dear sake he had thought of keep ing the silence that would have scaled toe sentence of exile from home and love ou Lawrence— aud Lawrence was the man she loved. Yet she would keep her faith with him. She had said it herself ! And Lawrenoe would uot claim her so long aa the stain of suspected crime cluug to his name. Johu Armstrong saw that he could hold her still ! It was Christmas Day ; the sua shone on the evergreen pines ana the glossy foliage of the orange trees and thoir golden fruit, and ,-ky and lake were oue monotone of radiant a/'ure. John and Helen were walking in the grove, and both were taciturn and ill-at- ease. 44 Helen, my girl," he said breaking a long silence as they drew near the spot where she and Walter had met last night, 44 1 hud beeu thinking what I could get you for a Christum? preset, ...wondering what would please you best. Aud I found out, last night." 44 Last night? But you didn't come last night r" 44 Yes, I came, Helen, I came. I came this way," poiutiug to the border of trees, "and I was here. ' I saw — I heard." Helen started, and the colour rushed to her face, then ebbing, left it deadly pole. But though she was dismayed, she did not blench. She was too proud to quail as guilt might quail. Rarher, there was even a touch of reproach iu her toue as she answered, 44 You were here, John? You heard?" 44 By accident." His brown check flushed now. 44 1 heard only a few words. I hurried away. You don't think that I'd play eavesdrcippjr on purpose, Heleu ?" No. no, John ! But if you heard any thing, I wish you had heard all ! You would have un ieretood that I — I was startled, taken by surprise. I had never dreamt that he, Walter, was living, when I — when you — " she hesitated painfully, yet not us oue abashed or ashamed— then added, 4 4 never until la&t; night !" 44 1 know, I know, my brave true-hearted girl!" he said. 44 You're not to blame— you've been straight and square." 44 And he," she interposed, hastily. 44 And he too," John Armsiroug rejoined, 4 4 he did not know. Nor I, Heleu, do uie justice, 100 ! I did not know that the man 1 chummed with at Ooalu, whom I knew as Lawrence, was Walter Stretton." 44 Walter Lawrence Stretton," she ex p'amed. 44 Yes, I know, he has told me, it is bis Becoud name," be said, wincing a little at ber eagerness to explain on his behalf. 4 But 1 did not know tbnt Walter Stretton was thu name of the inau you oared for ! We nous of us knew. It's been a chapter of mistakes all round. But now — now I see what I cati give you, Helen ! I can give you your free dom ' ' 4>. John, no — you are too good !" she pro tested with remorseful tenderness — what is to a man the terrible frank tenderness of the woman who does not love him !" "No, not that!" ho said, recoiling from the word 44 good" on her Hps. 44 Wait— wail. Helen! till you've heard all. I give you back your freedom and something more! I give into your hand the weans of clearing Walter Stretton's name. Philip Stretiou's death was no murder! I ought to kuow, because— because Hie accident— -it was an accident! was brought ab.rat by me !" 44 You. John ! Oh. Johu, are you mad ?" she fell back from htm with doubt, fear, horror, in her eyes. 44 No. I'm uot mad, unless it's madness tu tell you the truth. It was uiy hand caused Philip Stretton's death." 44 Yours? Tlien. who, what — are you?" 44 What I've always beeu, to you and all the world, plain Johu Armstrong !" 4 4 You were there, at Hoi borough at the time? But— how was that? and what had you io do with Philip Strettou? We never knew auything about you." 44 No. You uev«r kuew me nor my sister, my poor liiUe sister Lizzie. But Philip Strettou knew her ; I dare say he didu't talk of her to you. We weren't of your set, you see. You always knew I uever concealed from you that I hadn't moved iu the 6ame class you'd lieeu acus-tomed to mix with. You kuew that, aud were willing to accept it." 44 Yes ! You were yourself to me." "Tint's how it is we never met at Hoi- borough. I was oulv there now aud theu for a time, aud we moved in different orbits. My tefater was as good a girl as ever breathed, but delicate, a preity little pale thing, fond of books aud poetry. Philip Stretton didn't moan uuythiug by his attention to her— perhsps no harm, perhaps uo good. I didn't choo?e that he should amuse himself making a (duything of her heart. We met ou that onely road : I spoke to him— he took the high aud mighty lone with me, aud told me to miud my own busiuess. Well, it's no 6i.aj iui juur cats, lielsu. but you can guess hv«% wbrds rail fugh between tu. au 1 live, INI iio Intent nor thought of serious injury to life pr iimb when I struck him. But I was stroDg, and I suppose in my anger I hit harder than I meant. It was just by evil obanoe that he fell with his temple on & sharp stone. If I'd let hira lie as he fell, it would have been plain enough how it happened. But in my horror and dismay I lifted him up, aud moved him, trying to recall him to life. It never occurred to me, I was so stunned, that the stone left lying there would have been supposed to have been used as a weapon, still less that young Walter Stretton would be suspected." "Why did you not come forward and tell the truth?" « Because, I own it to you, Helen, I was a coward— for my sister's sake more than for my own ! It would have killed Lizzie to hare had my name coupled with bi6 death, and her name dragged in and compromised, as it must have been. I thought to save my sister'6 good name and peace of mind; It was not until 1 was far away that I heard how Walter Stretton bad been arrested and discharged for want of evidence. I thought the matter ended there —was no more concern of mine. But 1 see now, a man's deed )6 a matter of his life for ever— he cau never get away from it ! " 44 And — your sister ?" breathed Helen. 44 She died! I look this silence on my conscience for her snke, in vain. I see now that it was a crime. But I didn't know — believe me, Heleu, I uever knew bow Walter Stretton had suffered from it. And I didn't know it was your heart I was nearly break ing ! But now it's not too late to atone to vou both. You were his, first. . I give you back to him ! I'll give you.u written state ment telling exactly how Philip Stretton's death came about. If that's not enough, I'll go back to England and make my declaration there." . Ils 44 It is enough ! it shall be enough ! You shall not go back to run the smallest risk ! Oh, John, X cannot accept -this sacrifice from you !" But yet in her heart, she knew, sod he knew, that the sacrifice was already accepted. When Walter Stretton came, obeying a message from Armstrong, to Weston's Grove, he found John and Helen hand locked in hand, aud it was bard to 6ay which was the paler iu this parting hour. John turned and put Helen's hand in Walter's. 44 She has a great deal to tell you, Law rence," he said, and his strong voice shook a little. " I'll leave you together." Tears were in Helen's eyes, but Johu Armstrong smiled, for the heart throb of sacrifice is a paiu that stings like joy. He turned away and left them — together. 