HOW WE GOT OUR BIBLE. (Papers foiv tlio People, by. Hoy, W. R. i ' Livingstone, M,A.) X. ?*I had often heard of the new transla tion of the revised text of the N.T./but I never fond tho pleasure of sotting eyes on it until I reached Perth. So many good things belong to Perth I It is pub lished by Morrish, Paternoster-squnre, ?London, 1884. Tho preface to this scholarly work is ; a very learned account of tho different Manuscripts, Uncials, Cursives, etc. Tho translator, who modestly with holds hia name ('tho world knows noth ing of its greatest mon !'), thinks the re visers have not got the right reading for G, Luke, vi., 1 (seo II. Y. margin). He is dissatisfied with their rendering of S. Luke ii., 14, and with the way they. have dealt with S. Mark xvi., 12-20. Their behavior here seems to mo very reasonable. For tho sake of scholars, let mo say that the last 12 verses of S. Mark are considered genuine by such 'men as Dean Burgon and tho Bishop of Ballarat, but ore questioned by Tisehen dorf, Wostcott, Lightfoot, Godet, Ewald, Alford. Dean Farrar states tho evi dence for and against very thoroughly h his 'Messages of tho Books.' Tho revisers have been blamed for their treatment of what Christ said con cerning adultery— a question of exooed ing difficulty — and it is a point of debate ? whether they havo got tho right reading. Some of tho most valuable manu scripts, besides the Vatican, the Sinai tic, and tho Alexandrian, are tho Codex Ephraemi at Paris, 5th century; the Codex Bezoo, at Cambridge, dated back to tho Oth coniury ; and the Dublinensia Palimpsest, at Dublin, referred to the 6 th century. This translator of the KT. renders Mark ii., 23-28, thus:— 'And it camo to pa9s that ho wont on the Sabbath day through tho cornfields j and hia dis oiplea begun to walk on, plucking the 'ears. And tho Pharisees said to him, 'Behold, why do they on tho Sabbath what is not lawful?' And ho said/ to them, 'Havo yo never read what David did when ho had need and hungered, he and thoso with him, how ho entered into the house of God, in (tho section of) 'Abiatiher, (the) high priest, and ate the shwbread, which it is not lawful unless for tho priests to eat, and gave even to those that were with him?' And he said to them, The Sabbath was made on ac count of man.' ' I wish to draw the attention of Chris tians to a striking essay by the well known R.C. philosopher, W. H. Mallock, in tho 'Nineteenth Century,' November, 1S99. Mr. Mallock says:— 'Let us begin with the change which science has ef fected in our conception of the Bible. This change amounts to tho complete an nihilation of tho belief once practically general throughout tiho entire Protestant world, that, tho Biblical books were dic tated by tho Omniscient Spirit in such a manner that every statement contain ed in them was, when properly under stood, absolutely free from error.' To many of us it seems that tho Church of England, in. Articles VI. and XX., has taught truth in a way that is admirably sane and satisfactory. She says in Article VI. :-— 'Holy Scripture containeth all things necessary to Salvation ; so that whatso ever is not read therein, nor may be proved 'thereby, is not to be required of any man, that it should be believed as an article of the faith, or to be thought requisite or necessary to Salvation. 'In tho name af tho Holy Scripture, we do understand those canonical books of the Old and New Testament of whose authority was never any doubt in the ' church.' She says in Article XX., whichi deals with her Divine authority to guard and explain—* ' 'Tho Church hath power to decree rites or ceremonies, and authority in controversies of faith ; and yet it is not lawful for tho Church to ordaim any , thing that is contrary to God's word written j neither may it so expound one ' plaoe of Scripture that it bo repugnant to another. Wherefore, although tlio Church be a witness and keeper of Holy Writ, yet, as it ought not to decree any thing against the same, so besides the same ought it not to enforce anything to be believed for necessity of Salva tion.' The Church! is continually retranslat ing tho Bible into tho different ln-i- guagea of mow. In tlio 'Church, Mis sionary Gleaner* of Ootobor 2, 1899, Dr. Weitbrooht has written ai paper of deep interest), entitled 'Tho Translator and his Difficulties,' from which- 1 now borrow. Aa all inissionaiy work has its trials, so in particular has, that of Bible translation and 'revision. Many of 'my readers are aware how long one ?has to.loara before one cani make a read able translation froml one of the dead languages into English. Others re member how they first tried to talk with foreigners, or to write a letter after learning French! or Gorrmuii for years — perhapsi getting* prizes for their work at sohaaL What a lame affair it was, and how much praotico was needed before tha language was really at their command! 'Comment?5 says lie. fCome on!' aays I, and so the fight began.' A Bible translator hast to transfer thoughts not only human but also Divine from1 the garb of one language into that of another, This is a task which in hia owni language has taxed the genius of a. Wycliffe or a Tvndnilo. How shall a foreigner undertake it? asks Dr. Weit breeht, spanking of teaching tho faith in India. Ho must lean upon; the help of native assistants, Christians by prefer ence, who speak a pure idiom, and1 have n good literary acquaintance with' their own tongue, if it bo one that lias a literature. Im Hindu it is by no means easy to find {'he best equivalent for God and Lord1. This clergyman, who for years has teen) helping on a Bible translation committee composed of na tivea and Christians, says: — 'Thus, 'the flesh,' of which S. Paul so frequently writes, has no exact cor relative in Urdu (i.o,, an Indian dialect). To translate literally gosht 'bodily flesh' or 'flesh meat' would make mere nonsense. Wo havo had to adopt tho word 'jism' — 'body,' which mostly does well enough. But somotimea it is am biguous. Take, for instance, Rom. viii., 8 — 'They that are in tho flesh ean not please God.' If we translated 'They that are in the body cannot please God,' the meaning would result that we can not be acceptable to Him till aftet' death. In this place, thereforo, we have to use an adjective signifying 'they that are bodily,' whioh implies under the dominion of the body or lower nature — a fairly clear approxi mation to the moaning.'' One recalls with a grin the extraor dinary hash which the Italians lately mado in trying to translate Kipling's 'Absent-minded Beggar.' j This clergyman continues upon ,.tuc'; differences of dialect : — 'The mention of 'winnowing fan' reminds one of the class of words which hove reference to East ern customs, in the rendering of which i we have aat advantago over Western translators. The ordinary bod, or ra ther cot, said tbo smaller kind which is more often carried (S. Luke v., 19-21). have eaoh their special name, The 1% firkins at the marriage ir* .Cnna corre spond to tho large marks.used in India, and so on.' . . . .'How greatly, then, do we need the prayers of Chris* tian people that we may bo granted tlw spirit of love and reverence, and of a sound mind I Only the Spirit Who wrought the gift of tongues at Pentecost clan inspire tho true presentiment at'« His written message to the nations now. Might it not bo possible to include a petition for all translators and revisers of the Scriptures in our C.M.S. (!ye;lc of Prayer?' And now to return to tho goldmine, digging into which I love bettor than into any book, the R.V. of the Bible. ? I do not write from India*. I write from the Grand Hotel, .Melbourne. Just outside ia a statue to that good aud groat man, the Sir Galahad of thn Vic torian age, General Gordon, a zealous Uible student. Nothing in all this magnificent city. moves me like that statue. One cmv not bear to pass it without lifting oni/s hat. Among the many ?delightful people and things whioh 1 find in Melbourne, I lighted upon ome special treasure last week, which I have sent to my friend the Bishop of Ballarat, with whom I stayed last week. It will rejoice the heart of that 'grey- haiired man of gloe.' The treasure is a book called 'Whioh Biblo to ReadT A.V. or R.V., by the Rev. Frank Bollard, Wesleyan minister of Hull, England, a double Hebrew prize man (publishers, Allenson, Pater noster Row). From this conscientious and masterly work, let. me pick out one passage— 'It is truly an astonishing and saddening spectacle that a work (tho R.V.) which for skill and pains is not only unparalleled in the world's history, but owos much if not most of its excellence to scholars of the Estab lishment, should bo now by that same ohuroh continually ignored, and the very congregations for which it was ostensi bly executed made to listen week by week to the version whose acknowledged faultiness was the actual reason of the recent effort. Verily, 'the children of this world aro for their own generation wiser than the sons of the light.' ' Mr. Ballard urges (and most thor oughly do I agreo with him, and have written to thank him) the solemn duty to eee that the R'V. and no other is adopted for regular use in all our pub lic services, in every pulpit, in every Sunday-school, and in every Bible class throughout tho land. Dr. Sunday, of Oxford, who stands in tho first rank of sacred soholars, oalls tho R.V. 'a work of the greatest value, stirring the English mind to its very d'eptha, compelling' men to study their Bibles.' In order to help forward the cause of the knowledge of God, and enlightened intelligence, I beseech all readers of this paper to look out both in A.V. and R.V. the following passages, and not to rest until they have made their friends look them out:— Gen. xviii. 1 (-fby.the Oaks of Mamro'), xxxiii. 18; Exodus xxxii. 25 ('broken loose') j Judges xv, 19; 2 Sam. i. 18, ii. 23; Psalms viii. 5 ('but little lower than God,' the idea that man. is inferior to .angels is, I believe, false), ix. 17 ('the wicked shall return to Sheol,' not hell) Jeremiah iii. 17, iv. 14, v. 30. Atmln. in +Via ^JT1 tlmf nn-1« nn+ ~i ? O ' v«*^ *.i..t. uuuiv ii£iy Qwu Iii words, 'damn, damned, damnation,'* so beloved by tipsy rascals, are entirely done away with by the revisers. Again, how great and real is the gain of the R.V. in Ephesians iv. 32, as against Calvanism and suchlike horrors, not 'forgiving one another as God, for Christ's sake, hath forgiven you,' but 'as God also in Christ forgave you,' Look out also S. Matt, xxvi., 24, and read! in both versions, 2 Cor. ix., 1,5. See also Rom. i,, 18, Heb. ii., 16, Acts xvii., 22 (with this last translation of the revisers I am not at all satisfied). S. Paul was far too shrewd a man to begin his speech by insulting the Athen ians in telling them that they were 'somewhat superstitious.' It is true that tho revisers have placed ' reli gious' in the margin. But the American committee, whose list of readings and renderings is recorded at the end of the R.V. say 'For 'somewhat superstitious' read 'very religious,' and put the pre sent text in the margin.' The American committee has added some excellent notes, some of which, in order to arouse your interest, I subjoin, II. Strike out. . , . Paul the Apostle from the title of the Epistle to tho Hebrews. III. For 'Holy Ghost' adopt uniform ly the rendering 'Holy Spirit.' X. Let the word 'testament' be everywhere changed to 'covenant' (without an alternate in the margin) except in He-b. ix. 15-17. XI. Wherever 'patience' ocours as the rendering of hypomence, add 'steadfastness' as on alternate in the margin, except in . » . S. Matt, vi. 27. For 'his stature',' read 'tho measure of his life.' S. Mark, ii., 4, 9, 11, 12~.'Bed,' add margin, or pallet. S. Luke xiii. 32 — 'I am perfected,' add margin, or I' end my course. (I consider this verv valuable.) S, Luke, xviii., 5 — 'Lest she wear me,' etc., add margin, or lest at last by her coming Bho wear me out. S. John vii., 38— For 'out of his belly,' read from within him. Acts,xxvi.,28-.'With but,' etc., odd margin, or, in a littlo time, The task of the translator is, in tho words of Bishop Westcott, 'to place the English reader as nearly aa possible in tho position of the reader of the original text,' The student of the R.V. can see for himself how fundamental truths are presented by the R.V., with a force and consistency and accuracy never before attained. For iho price of one shilling a Chris tian can now olr.ivin the very beat frruna incJoii of the- 2\\.T. Uiat is published up on fart h. Now tluu. the Bibic rfoeU'ty lias as i untiei-siaml, agreed co circulauo R.V. we uniy duuikhuly &vy; thai' tho Howirif! lido in with us. Indeed, a ll.C. friai'i ini'onos mo that his ohuroh waa so stirred by tho tt.V. that a proposal wivs made chut Cardinal lawman should re-trunelut* for the Boumns. AV-? n-voiv Newman as a prinou' among theologians, a prince among intellects u prince among' men. We nf Oxford M\y 'Nomcn inu'a hti3 acdo-i; fiinuptr VLVuirftnclum.' Tho A.V. is still rend iukI revered by mult-itudes, not becauw it ia an English i'hiK*ii\ but b'ca'.iw h- is u mesAiib'.:' lirom tho Spirit of God. T.) thcue «?/)(. tihcmt m praises for the \Miko of line ton!j,'iiurc- umliausio, I would ?nuikt; answer iu tho h'n^ attire of Job, 'No doubt 'but w aro t-he people, and irisiloin ^hall die with ymi. But I hard undw»tandhsg us well af-. you : I avis not inferior to you.' T woul.l make aiv.wor in rtinit-miip.nl \\\rim.l-1 (if tho ROV. H. W, Horwill, 'Tie not ashamed of t)io inuaie of tho Bullish versiou, for it is the power of stylo unto salvation to every one that readeth.' Robert Browning, in reply to the question whether, as a poet, ho did not prefer the A.V., said he did not. The newer version, he said, seemed tc^have gained in faithfulness, which never car rioa any loss with it. I am well aware that the R.V. has been declared a -financial failure. Thwe is some truth in this. Why bo? Part ly, I think, because the booksellers had in stock' such vast quantities of_ A.V.'s, partly because at tivst many copies were published in Btich wretchedly email print. I havo read with care and attention Dean Burgon's dashing onslaught upon the R,V. in the 'Quarterly Review,' 153, 1882, a work which is saturated with learning, and which affords some most entertaining reading, from that mighty scholar and 'jooose fanatic,' as he has been well called, 'mo killed John Keats? I says the 'Quarterly,' So savage and tavt^rly, Tb was one of my feats.' He points out certain faults of the R.V. Points them out with all the brilliancy of his devout and accomplished mind j but his contention that it 'can only re sult in hopelessly unsettling the faith of millions ' I declare to be absolutely false. Let me quote twa sentences from Dean Burgoni:— -'All alike may at least enjoy the real satisfaction of knowing that besides having, stimulated, to an extraordinary extent, public attention to the contents of the Book of Life, they have 'been instrumental in awakening a living interest in; one important but ne gleoted department of sacred) science, whioh will not easily be put to sleep again.' 'It is but fair to add that their work boars morka of an amount of conscien tious labor whioh those only oan fully appreciate who have made the same province of study to some extent their owni.' The R.V. is very largely based upon B, the Vatioan manuscript, whioh Bishop Westoott and Dr. Hort argue is the pur est of anoient manuscripts. This is a point of debate with some of the critics. Pour moi ! I have not the learning re quisite to answer it either the one Way or the other. Let me sit at the feet of the learned, and listen. But this I will say, that the R.V. has b.een on unspeakable boon to thousands of perplexed and pious Christians, and that the revisers have given us oi text of fearless honesty. They have relieved us of in sertions the spuriouaneas of which oan not be reasonably doubted; they have etrenoithlened nob only the faith, but also the intelligence of thousands. The R,V. seema to me joyous and su perior to the A.V., as the daily EW-song1 in Melbourne Anjrlican Cathedral is to that of Perth, with* its miserable attend ance of 3 or 4, I counted 48 to-day, besides a male ohoir numbering1 about 30\. 'Be ye thankful.' I write on one of the most popular of the saints' days — S. Valentine's — and to all my readers I send the heartfelt wish that they may grow 'rich in good works,' and help forward the kingdom of God. Lastly, I exhort them to study the preface to the R.V., N.T., 'My love to all those that I love, My love to oil those that love me, My love to all those that love those that I lovo, . ? And to those that love those that love mo,' . There is but one factory in Japan where leather shoos are made. The natives, except about the Court, wear sandflls of straw or wood. Three thousand four hundred and eighty yards of silken thread wore re cently drawn out of the body of a single spider by on experimenter. 