III. At ten o'clock on the night of April 6, 1812, our troops were to assault Badajoz. It was now a few minutes past nine. The night had closed in without rain, hut cloudy arid, thick with river fog. The moon 'would not rise for another hour or more. After the day's furious bombardment silence had fallen on be 1 sieged and besiegers; but now and then a light flitted upon the ramparts, and at intervals the ¡ British gathered in the trenches could hear the I call of a sentinel proclaiming that all was well in Badajoz. In the trenches a low, continuous murmur mingled with the voices of running water. On the right by the. Guardians waited Picton's Third Di vision, breathing hard as the time drew nearer. Kempt commanded these for the moment. Pic ton was in camp attending to a hurt; but his men knew that before ten o'clock he would ar rive to" lead across the Rivillas by the narrow bridge and up to the walls of the castle frown ing over the river at the city's north- east corner. -In the centre and over against .the wall to the left of the castle were assembled Colville-'s and Barnard's men of the Fourth and Light Divisions. Theirs, according to the General's plan, was to be the main business to-night; to carry the breaches hammered in the Trinidad and Santa Maria bas tions and the curtain between; the Fourth told of£_for the Trinidad and the curtain, the Light BobVfor the Santa Maria-heroes these of Moore's famous rearguard, tried men of the Fifty-second i Foot and the Ninety-fifth Rifles, with tho Forty- j : third beside them, and destined to pay the heaviest | I price of all to-night for the glory of such com ! rade'ship. But, indeed, Ciudad Rodrigo had given ! the Forty-third a title to stand among the best. And far away to the left on the lower slopes of the hills, Leigh's Fifth Division was halted in i deep columns. A knoll separated his . two bri I gades, and ucross the interval of darkness they could hear each other's movements. They were j to operate independently, and concerning the task : before the brigade on the right there could be I no doubt a dash across the gorge at their fee> and an assault upon the outlying Pardaleras on the opposite slope. But the business before Walker's brigade on the left was by no means so simple. The storming party had been marching light, with two companies of Portuguese to carry their ladders, and^stood discussing prospects, for as yet they were well out of earshot of the walls, and the moment for strict silence had not arrived. "The Vincenty," grumbled Teddy Butson; "and by shot to me if I ever know what it's like." "Like!" M'Innes's jaws shut on the word like a steel trap. "The scarp's thirty feet high, and the ditch accordin'. The last on the west side it will be, over by the river. I know it like your face, and it's uglier, if that's possible." ¡ "Dick Webster was saying it's mined," put in I Nat,' commanding a firm voice. "Eh? the glacis? I shouldn't wonder. Walker will know." "But what'll he do?" "Well, now"-Dave seemed to be considering "it will not be for the likes of me to be telling the brigadier-general. But if Walker comes to me and says, 'Dave, there's a mine hereabouts. What will I be doing?' it's like enough I shall say, 'Your honor knows best, but the usual course is to walk round it.' " Teddy Butson chuckled and rubbed the back of his axe approvingly. Nat held his tongue for a minute almost, and then broke out irritably: "To hell with this waiting!" His nerves were raw. Two minutes"' later a man on his right kicked awkwardly against his foot. It startled him, and he had . cursed furiously. "Hold hard, Spuds, m?" ' boy," said ' the man cheerfully; "you ain't Lord Wellington nor his next-of-kin, to be malcin' "all the noise." Teddy Butson wagged his head solemnly, at a light which showed foggily for a moment on the distant ramparts. . "All right," said he, "you - town;! Little you know it: Teddy's birthday." "There will be wine," said Dave, dreamily. "Lashins of it; wine and women-and other things. I wonder how our boys are feeling on the right. What's that?" as a light shot up over the ridge to the eastward. "Wish I could see what's doing over there. My belief, we're only put up for a feint." "Oh, hush it, you Royal mill-clappers!" This came from the darkness behind; from some man of the Thirtieth, no doubt. . The voice was tense, with a note of nevousness in it which Nat recognised at once. He turned with a sudden desire to see tho speaker's face. Here was one who felt as ho did, one who could Understand Wm; but his eyes sought in vain Sag the lines of glimmering black shakos. «Silence in the ranks!" T\yo officers came for rard talking together, and .pausing to watch the dirions light now rising and sinking again in the «irv over the eastern ridges. '«They must have ««»eht sight of our fellows-T sten! wasn't that a nhPer* What time is it.' The officer was Cap tain Hopkins, commanding Nat's company, but Tmw in charge of the stormers. A voice hailed Eim ind he ran-back-"Yes¿ sir; -T think so de-, rtde'dly "'Nat heard him saying, and he came run ning clutching his sword sheath. "Silence, feen'! the brigade will advance." -The Portuguese picked up and shouldered their ladders, the orders were given, and the columns began to move down the slope. For a while they could hear th.) tramp ,of the other brigade mov ing parallel with them on the other side of the ¿noll, then fainter and fainter as it wheeled aside and down the. gorge to the right. At the foot- of the slope they opened a view of the gorge lighted for a moment by a flare burning on the ramparts of the Pardalerasi and saw their comrades moving down and across the bottom like a stream of red .lava pouring toward,the foot. The flare died down, and our brigade struck away to the left over the level country. On this side Badajoz remained dark and silent. They were marching quickly, yet the pace did not satisfy Nat. He wanted to be through with it, to come face to face with the worst and know, it! And yet he feared it abominably. For two years he had contrived to . hide his secret., He had., marched, counter-marched, fed, slept, and fought with his comrades; had. dodged with them behind cover, loaded, fired, charged with them;' had behaved'outwardly like a décent soldier, but almost-always with a sickening, void in the'pit of his stomach. Once-or twice," in particularly bad moments, he had caught himself blubbering, and with a deadly shame. He had not an idea that at least a dozen of his comrades-among them Dave and Teddy-r-had seen it, and thought noth ing of it; still less did he imagine that thosë had been his- most courageous-moments. Soldiers fight differently.- Teddy Butson, for instance, talked all the time until his tongue swelled, and then he barked like a dog. Dave shut his teeth and groaned. But these symptoms escaped Nat, whose habit was to think all the while of him self. Of one thing he felt sure, that he had never yet been anything but glad to hear the recall sounded. \ Well, so far he had escaped. Heaven knew how he had managed it; he only knew that the last two years had been as long as fifty, and he seemed to have been living since the beginning of the world. But here he was, and actually keeping step with a storming party. He kept his eyes on Dave's lo:_g, lean- back immediately in front, and trudged cn, divided between an insane desire to know of what Dave was thinking, and an equally insane wonder' what Dave's body might be worth to him as cover. What was the silly word capering in his head? "Mill-clapper3." Why on earth "Mill-clappers?" It put him in mind of home; but he had no silly tender thoughts to waste on home, or the folks there. He had never written to them. If they ehould happen en a copy of itihe "Gazette"-and the chances were a hundred to one against it-the name of Nathaniel Varcoe among the killed or wounded, would mean nothing to them. He tramped on, chewing his fancy, and extracted this from it: "A man with never a friend at home hasn't even an excuse to be a coward, curse it!" Suddenly the column halted, in a bank of fog through which his ear caught ifche lazy ripple of iwater. He woke up with a start. The fog was all about them. ' ' "What's this?", he demanded aloud; then with ? a catch of hia breath-"Minee?" "Eh, be quiet,"'said Teddy Butson at his el bow; "listen to yonder." And the word was hardly out when an explosion split the sky and was followed by peal after peal of musketry. Nat had a swift vision of a high black wall against a .back-ground of flame, and then night came down aa you might close a shutter. But the musketry continued. "Nat will be at the breaches." Dave flung the words over his left shoulder. Then followed another flash and another explosion. This time, however, the light, though lesa vivid than the first flash, did not vanish. While he won dered at this, NaJt eaw first of all the rim of the anoon through the slant of an embrasure, and' then Teddy's palo but cheerful face. The head of the column had halted a few yards only from a brèast-work, with a stockade above it and a cheavaux-de-frise on top of all. As far as knowledge of his, whereabouts went, Nat might have been east, west, north, or south'of Badajoz, or somewhere in another planet. But the pastt two years had .somehow taught him to divine that behind this ugly ob struction lay a covered way with a guard house. And, sure enough, the men, keeping dead . silence now, could hear the French soldiers- chat tering in that unseen guard-house and laughing. "Now's.the time"-Nat heard the word passed back by. the young engineer officer who had crept forward to reconnoitre; and then an order given.in Portuguese. * ?~v>- ; "Ay, bring up the iadders, you greasers, and let's put It through!"-this' from Teddy Butson^ chafing by Nat's side. . . . / \ i The two Portuguese companies came forward (With the ladder» as the etorming- party moved up to the gateway. .. And .just at that momenlt there the sentry let off his alarm-shot. It set ali within the San Vencen tie bastion moving and whirling like the works of a mechanical toy; feet came run ning along the covered way; musketa clinked on the stone parapet; tongues of fire epat forth from the embrasures; and thea, as,the musketry quick ened, a flash and a' roar lifted the glacis away' behind, to the right of our column, so near that the wind of it drove OUT men sideways. "All right,. Johnny," Dave grunted, recovering himself as the clods of earth began to fall. "Blaze away, my silly ducks; we're not there!" But the Portuguese companies, as the mine ex ploded, cast down the ladders and ran. Half a . dozen came charging back. along (the column's right flank, and our soldiers cursed and struck at them as they fled. ' But the curses were as noth ing beside those of the Portuguese offlaers striving to rally their men. .- /. ' ' "My word," said Teddy, "Hear them scanda lous greasers. It's poor talk is English." "On with you, lade!"-it waa Walker himself tobo shouted, "Pick up the ladders and on .with ¡you!" '. ' They hardly waited for the word, but, shoulder ing the ladders, ran forward through, the dropping »ullets to the gate, cheering and cheered by the "fear ranks. ' -'-~~-. '- " " i- ',- ~ » è , But they flung themselves In vain on the gate On its iron-bound and iron- studded frameworl their axes made no Impression. "A dozen mei ohargod it, using a ladder es a battering ram ."Aisy with that, ye blind ijjlts!" yelled an Irisl sergeant. "Ye'll be needin' them ladders pria intly!" . Our three privates found themselves in th< crowd surging towards the breastwork to the righ of the gate. "Nip on my shoulders, Teddy, lad,' grunted M'Innes," and Teddy nipped up 'and begac hacking at the chevaux-de-frise with his axe. "That's av ut,bhoys," yelled the Irish sergeanl again. "Lave them epoikes an' go for the stock ade. Good for you, little mam<-whirroo!" Nat by this time was on "a comrade's back anc using his axe for dear life-one of twenty mer hacking, ripping, tearing down the wooden stakes But it,was Teddy who wriggled through first, with Dave at his heels. The man. beneath Nat gave a heave with bte shoulders and »hot him through .the gap, a splinter tearing his cheek, open. He fell head foremost sprawling down the slippery slope of tho ditch.; While he pickéd himself up and stretched out a hand to recover his axe a bullet struck the blade of it-ping! He caught up the axe and ran> his finger over it stupidly. Phat!-another bullet spat into the soft earth behind his shoulder. Then he understood. A fellow came tumbling through the gap and pitched exactly where he had been sprawling a moment before, rose to his knees, and (then with a quié^bubbling sound lay down again. "Ugh! he would be killed-he must get out of this 1" But there was n¡ó cover unless he found it acroiîs tho ditch and close under the high stone curtain. 'They would be dropping stones, beams, fire barrels; bu'fc'at least he, would be oilt_of the reach - of .the bullets. . Oddly enough, he forgot the chance- the certainty of an enfilading . fire from the two bastions. His "one desire was tc get" across and pick some place of- shelter. But by thi3 time the men were pouring in be hind and'fast -filling.the ditch: Ay-flre-rball came crashing over .the .rampart, rolled "down the. grass slope and lay spluttering; and in the infernal glare he saw all his comrades' faces, every detail oí their dress down to the moulded pattern of their buttons. "Fourth! Fourth!" someone shouted, and then voice and vision were caught up and drowned together in a hell of musketry. He must run across and be carried he knew not where by the brute pressure of the crowd. A cry broke from him, and he ran, waving his axe, plunged down the slope' and across. On the further ¿lope an officer caught him up and scrambled beside him. "Whlrro, Spuds! After him, t ,:*s!" sang out Teddy Butson; but Spuds did ¿ot hear. He : ad the of.-;er were at the* top of the turf, at the foot bf tho curt:.--*. "Ladders! ladders!" He caught hold of the first as it was pushed up, and helped, now the centre of a small crowd, to plant ~ït against the wall. Then he fell back, mopping his forehead, and feeling his torn cheek. What the devil were they groaning at? Short? Ilie ladders too short? He stared up foolishly. The wall was thirty feet high, perhai. i, and the ladder ten feet short of that, or more! "Heads!" A heavy beam eras? I down, snapping the foot of the ladder like a cabbage stump. Away to the left a group of men were planting another. Half a dozen dropped while he watched them. Why in the world were they dropping like that? He stared beyond and saw the reason. The French marksmen in the bastion were sweeping the face of the curtain with their cross fire-those cursed bullets again! And the ladder did not reach after all. "Oh, it was foolishness-flinging away men like this for no earthly good! Why net thro AV up the business and go home? Why didn't somebody stop those silly bugles sounding the Advance? There they went again. It was enough to drive a man mad!" He turned and ran down the slope a short way. For the moment he held a grip on himself, but it was slackening; and in another half-minute he would have lost it and run in mere blind horror. But in the first group he blundered upon were Dave and Teddy, and a score of the King's Own, with a couple of ladders between them; and, bet ter still, they were listening to Captain Hopkins, ?who waved an arm and pointed to an embrasure to the left in the corass of the bastion. Nat, pulling himself up, and staring with the rest, saw that no gun stood in this embrasure-only a ga bion. In a moment he was climbing the slope again; if a man must die, there's comfort, at least, in company. He bore a hand in planting the two ladders; a third was fetched-Heaven knew whence or how-and planted beside them, and up the men swarmed, three abreast, Dave leading on the right hand one, at the foot of which Nat hung back and swayed. He heard Dave's long Bigh the siglb the sob almost, of desire answered at last. He watched him as he mounted. The lad ders were still too short, and the leader on each must climb on the second man's shoulders to get hand-hold on the coping. In that moment he might be clubbed on the head, defenceless. On the middle ladder a young officer of the Thirtieth mounted by Dave's, side. Nat turned his head away, and as he 'did so a rush of men galled by the fire from the bastion to the right came oh him' like a wave and swept^him up the first four rungs. . . He was in for it now. Go back he could not, and he followed the tall Royal ahead, whose heels scraped against his^breast buttons, and once or twice bruised him in the face^followed up, won dering what face of death would meet him-at the top, where1 men were yelling and jabbering in three languages- French, English, and that ton-' gue which belongs equally to men and brutes at close quarters-and killing. Something came sliding down the ladder. The man in front of Nat ducked his head; Nat ducked too, but the body.:-!slid sidewise before it reached them, and dropped plumb-the inert lump_ which had been Dave M'Innes. His shako,. spinning straight down the ladder, struck Nat on the shoulder, and leaped off it, down into darkness. He saw other men drop; he saw Teddy Butson parallel with him on the far ladder, and mounting with him step for step, now earlier, now later, but level with him most of the time. They would meet at the embrasure; find together whatever waited for them there. Nat was sobbing .by this time, sweat and tears together running down the caked blood on his cheek; but he did not know it. -He had almost reached the top when a sudden pressure above forced his feet off the rung and his bo.dy over the ladder's Bide; and there he dangled, hooked by his armpits. Some one grabbed his leg, and, pulling him into place, thrust him up over the shoulders of the tall Royal in front. He saw. the leader on the middle ladder go-down under a clubbed blow which burst through his 4 japanned shako-coyer, and then a hand came dow . to help him. -V * - '. <'Spuds-0, Spuds!'*. .. ." ."? It was Teddy reäching down from the coping t< helpyhim, and he paid for it with his life. The twi wriggled, into the embrasure together, Nat's heat and shoulders under Teddy's right arm. Nat di< V not see the bayonet-thrust given, but heard i low grunt, as he and his friend's corpse topple» over the coping together and into Badajoz. He rose on his knees, caught a man by th leg, flung. him, and, as the fellow clutched hi musket, wrenched the bayonet from it and plung ed it into his body. While the Frenchmai heaved he pulled out the weapon, for another stab he dropped sprawling on his enemy's chest, ant the first wave of the storming party broke ove him, beating the breath out of him, and passe« on. Yet he managed to wriggle his body .from undei this rush of feet; and by and by to raise himself Btill grasping the side arm. Men of the Fourtl were pouring thick and fast through the embrae ure and turning to the right in pursuit of th( . enemy, now running along the curve of the ram parts. A few only pressed straight forward tc silence the musketry jolting and* crackling iron the upper windows of two houses facing down ox, the fortifications. Nat staggered down after them, but turned at soon as he gained the roadway; and, passing to the right, plunged down a black side stree*. An insane notion possessed him of taking the two houses ID the .rear, and as ho went he shouted to the Fourth to. follow him. - No one paid him ithe smallest at tention, and preeently he was alone in the dark ness, rolling like a drunkard, shaken by his sobs, hut still shouting and brandishing his side-arm. He clattered against a high blank'wall. Still he lurched forward over uneven cobbles. He had forgotten his design upon the two houses, but a light shone at the end of this dark lane, and he made for it, gained it, and found himself in a wider street.» And then the enchantment fell on him. For the street was empty, utterly empty, yet brilliantly illuminated. Not a soul sould be see; yet in houso after house, as he.passed, lighte «hone froth every window, in the lower floors be hind blinds or curtains which hid the inmates. It was as if Badajoz had arrayed itself for a fete. And still, as he staggered forward, a lew buzz, a whisper of voices surrounded him, and now and again alb the sound of his footstep on the cobbles a lattice wo*uld'open gently and be as gently reshut. Hundreds of eyes were peering at him, the one British- soldier in a bewitched city-hundreds ol unseen eyes, stealthy, expectant. And always ahead of him, faint and distant, sounded the bugles and the yells around the Trinidad and the breaches. He stood alone in the great square. While he paused alt the corner, his eyes following, the rowe of mysterious lights" from house .to house, from storey to. storey, the regular tramp- of -feet fell - . on his . ears and a !.. company of " foot - marched down , into the moonlit patch facing him and grounded arms with a clatter. They were men of his own regiment, and they formed up "in the moonlight like a company of ghosts. One or two shots were fired at them, low down, from the sills of a line of doorways to ¿'bis right; but no citizen showed himself, and no one appeared to bo hit. And even from the direc tion of the Trinidad came the low roar of combats and the high notes of the bugles. » He was creeping along the side of the square, toward an outlet at-its north- east corner, when; the company goit into motion again and came to ward him. Then he turned up a narrow lane to the left, and fled. Hè was sobbing no longer; the passion had died out of him, and he knew himself to be mad. .In "the darkness the silent streets be-' gan to fill; random shots whistled at every street corner; but he blundered on, taking.no account of them. Once he ran against a body of Picton's men-half a score of the Seventy-fourth Regiment let loose at length from the captured castle, and burning for loot. One man thrust the muzzle of .. his musket against his breast before he was recog nised. Then two or three shook hands with him; * He was back in the square again and fighting Heaven knew why-with an officer of the Bruns wickers over a bird cage. Whence the bird-cage -came he had no clear idea; but there was a canary bird inside, and he wanted it. A - random shot smashed his left hand as he gripped the cage, and ho dropped it as- something with which he had no ?further concern. As he turned away, hugging his hand, and cursing the marksman, a second shot from another direction took the Brunswicker be tween the shoulders. At dawn he found himself on the ramparts by the Trinidad breach', peeringicuriously among the slain. Across>the. top of the jbreach stretched a heavy beam;.;? studded with sword-blades, and all ¡the bodies on this side'ot it~wefet French. " Right beneath' iÔây.Vohe red coat whose skull " had. been battered óüt^'f^shape a's.ihe attempted to. wriggle through. .AlPthe upper blades were, stained and on one guttered a'strip bf flannel shirt.' ^Powder blackened 'every inch of the; rampart " fhereábouft, and as Nat-passed .over he saw the bodies piled in scores ion^ vtbe ; glacis ' below--some, hideously «corohed-among" beams,, gabions, burned-out fire, pols, and ttie'" wreckage of lajöders. A ' horrible smell" bf singed -flesh rose --oh the morning. air!;-, and, beyond-.th¿stench and the sullen smoke,; birds eang in dèwy-fields,, and the; Guadiana, flowed be . tween grey]/ollyes,- a -green 'pfomise of harvest. , 'Below," a single .British ..officer, wrapped-in a dark cape, "-picked his way "--amone *the corpses. Behind intermittent ..shots?~.and outcries' told of the sack' in progress. " Save for Nat and the ' dead; i the " Trinidad wás .a^esért."~;.'Yet; he- talked- incessantly, and, stooped. VtoVVpiat the 8höuldex;^f:tU chëvâux de-friee, spoke" to Dave M'Innes and Teddy Bult-. w eon to come and look. . HeT.never doubted v they., .were beside him. "Pretty imess they've made Of ; ?this - chap." .'? He , touched the man's* collar-^ .'Forty-eighth, a corporal! ;TJgh, let's, get out of this!" In imagination he linked arm's with two men already, stiffening, one at .the foot and the other at the summit of the San Vlncente's bas tión. - "King's Ówà-;all friends..in the King's Own,'* heîbabblèd" as he retraced his steps into the town.- . He had a firelock in his hands: he was fumbl ing with it, very clumsily, br reason"..of his shat c-tered fingers^ He had wandered down a. narrow streétraôd vwas groping at an iron-studded door. "Won't's open," he told thé ghosts beside him, ^'must try the patent key." He put the muzzle against: ttísviock. and.flred; flung himself against \- the door, .and-as'it"broke before him, stood.sway ing,'staring across a wisp of smoke into a mean :. ' room, where a priest knelt in one corner by'a straw pallet, and a girl rose from beside him and slowly confronted tho intruder. As sh© rose she caught at the edge of a deal tableland, across tho smoke, she too seemed to he'swaying. . , . IV. . ; Seventeen. years later Nat Ellery walked down the'hill into Gantick village and entered the Ring of Bells. ' '"' " ' "I've come," said he, "to inquire ahout a chest I left here, one time back and .along." And he told his name and the date. . The landlord, Joshua Martin-son of old Joshua, who had kept the inn in 1806-rubbed his double chin. "So you be Nat Ellery? I can just mind 'ee as a lad. As for'the. chest-come to think, father sent it back to Trethàke Water. Reckon it went in the sale." "What sale?" "Why," don't 'ee know? . When Reub sold up. That would bè about five years "after the old folks died. The mill didn't pay after the war; so ' Reub sold up and emigrated." "Ah! What became of him?" "I did hear he was dead, too," said Joshua Martin; '"out in Canady somewhere. But that may be lies," he added, .cheerfully. Nat made no further comment, but paid for his gin and-water, picked up his carpet bag, and went out to seek for. a cottage. On the way he eyed the thatched roofs critically. "Old Thatcher Hockada will be dead," he told himself; "there's work for me here." - He felt certain of it in Farmer Sprague's rick yard.' Farmer Sprague owned the two round houses at the seaward end of the village, and wanted a tenant for one of them. Nat applied for it, and declared his' calling. "Us can't afford to pay the old prices1, these times," said the farmer. Nat's eyes had . wandered off to the ricks; j "You'll find you can when you've seen my work,"1 he answered. ' - Thus he became, tenant'of the round-house andi lived in'it to the day of hie. death. No one in my day knew when or how the story first spread that he had been in the army and deserted. Perhaps he let slip the secret in his cups; for at first he spent his Saturday evenings at the Ring of Bella, drop ping this habit when he found that every soul there disliked him. Perhaps some discharged veteran of the Fourth tramping through Gantick in search of work had recognised him and let fall a damning hint. Long before I can remember the story, had grown, up, contradicted, believed in by every one. Beneath it tho man lived on and der terioraJted; but his workmanship never deteriorat ed, and no man challenged its excellence. About a month before his death (I have this" from the post-anistress) he sat down and wrote a letter; and ten days later a visitor arrived at the round- house. This visitor the Jago family (who lived across the road) declare to have been Satan himself; they have assured me so again and again, and I cannot shake their belief. But tihat is non sense. The man was a grizzled, artisan- looking fellow well over*fifty; extraordinarily like the old thatcher, though darker of skin-yellow as a guinea, said Gantick; in fact, and beyond doubt, the old man's eon. He made, no friends, no ac quaintance even, but confined himself to nursing the thatcher, now tied to his chair by rheuma tism. One thing alone gives color to the Jagos', belief: the thatcher who had sent for .him could not abide the sight of him. . The Jago children, who snatched a fearful joy by stealing after dark into the unkempt garden and peering through the uncurtained lattice windows, report ed that as the pair sat at table with the black bottle between them the thatcher's eyes would, be drawn to fix themselves on the other's with a stealthy, shrinking terror; or,-as they put it, "vicious when he wa'sna' lookiri'. and afeared when he was." They would sit (so the children reported) half an hour, or maybe an hour, at a time without a word spoken between them; but indeed the yellow stranger troubled few with his spéech. His only visits were paid to the postmistress, who kept a small grocery store, where he bought arrowroot and other spoon-food for the invalid, and the Ring of Bells where he went nightly to have the black bottle refilled with rum. On the doctor he never called. . It was on the 12th of July thát the end . came. The fine weather after lasting for six weeks had broken up two days before into light thunder storms, which did not clear the air as usual. Ky Jago (short for Caiaphas), across, the way, pro phesied a big thunderstorm to come; but allowed he might be mistaken, when, on the morning of the 12th, the rain came down in sheets. This torrential rain lasted until two in the afternoon, when- the sky cleared, and a pleasant north-west erly draught-played-up-the-valley-At.six o'clock Ky Jago, who,, in default "of the thatcher, was making, shift to cover up Fariner Sprague's ricks, observed dense - clouds "massing themselves over the sea. and rolling up. slowly ^against the wind, and decided that the big " storm would happen after all.At-nine in" the evening it broke. . . It broke,with such fury that the stranger, with, the black bottie"~under his arm»- paused on the' threshold" as-much as to -ask his father, "Shall I (go?" ; .But the old man was clamoring for drink,' and he went. He was half-way down the hill :when, with a crack,'the heavens .opened, and the white," jagged ' lightning fairly.^ hissed by .hin}.' Crack followed crack,, flash and peal together, Or ;so quick on each-other that no" mortal could dis tinguish the rattle'of one discharge from the" bursting explosion of the-other. --No such tem pest, he decided,'could last for long, and he fled, down tb the Ring of »Bells for shelter until the^ worst should be' over. ' He waitëd there perhaps ?twenty minutes^ and still 'the'inferhal din grew worse, instead of better,] until'his anxiety for the old-man. forced him out'in'the teeth "of lt and up ^the^ hill where the gutters, had overflowed upon .the roadway and the waters raced over his ankles. The^flrst* thing'he saw at the top in one lurid in stant was the entire Jago family, gathered by their garden gate^-six; of them, and all bareheaded under the deluge. The next flash revealed why they were there. Against' the round-house opposite a ladder "rested, and above it on the steep roof clung a- man-his "father. . He .had clamped his small ladder into the thatch, and as the heaven opened à shot, now silhouetting the round-house, now wrapping it in White flames, they?saw him- climbing up, and still up, toward the croas at the top. "Help, there!" shouted the stranger. "Come down! Oh help," you!-we must get him down!" The woman and children screamed. A fresh-ex plosion drowned shout and scream in its roar. \- Jago-and the stranger reached the ladder to gether. The' stranger mounted first; but as he did so the watchers in ono blinding moüient saw JSMW--? - ? fha old thatcher's hand go'up and grip the cross, ïrhe shutters' of darkness carno to with a .roar, £ut above it rose a shrill, a. terribly human cry. «'Dave! " oried the voloe. ' "Ted! " Silence followed, and then a heavy thud. They ?waited for the next flash. It came. There was no one on the roof of the round-house, and but a broken stump where the cross had been. V. ' This was the story the'yellow stranger told to the coroner. And the coroner listened and asked: "Can you-account.for the conduct of deceased? Had he-excuse me-béén drinking that even ÍD"He had," answered the witness; and for a mo ment, while the coroner took a note, lt seemëH he had said all. ?? Then he seemed to think bet ter of it, and added: "My father suffered from delusions, sir." "Hey? This may be important. "What sort of "delusions?" The coroner glanced at the jury, who gat impassive. "Well, sir, my father in his younger days had, served as a soldier-" - Here the jurymen began to show interest sud denly. "One or* two leaned forward. "He be longed to the Fourth Regiment,- and was at the siege of Badajoz. During the sack of the city he broke into a house and-and-after that he was missing/' "Go on," said the coroner, for the witness had paused. "That was where he first met my mother, sir. IL was her house, and she and a priest kept him hidden till the English had left. After, that he married her. There were ' three children-all boys. My brothers'icame first; they were .twins. I ,was born two, yearsHater.^ "All-born in Badajoz?"- .- . . '"All in Badajoz, sir. . My brothers will be there' still., if-they're .living." ' ~ 1 "But.these delusions--r" . ."I'm'coming to' them. My' father must have been hurt somehow-hurt in his head. ' He would have it that my two brothers-twins, sir, if you'll be pleased to mark it-were no sons of his, but1" of two friends of his, soldiers of the Fourth (Regiment, who had been killed, both, that even. by the St. Vincente bastion, So you must see he must have been wrong in his head." "And you?" . "Oh, there couldn't be any mistake about me. 1 was his very image, and-perhaps I oug'ht to say, sir-he hated me for .it. When my .mother died-she had been a fruit-seHer^hcrHanded the business over, to my . brothers, taking only enough to carry him back to England, and 'me with him. Tho day after we landed in London, he apprenticed me to a brass-worker. I was just turned fifteen, and from that day until last Wednesday three weeks we never set eyes on each other." "Let me see," said the coroner, turning back a page or two, "at the last moment, just before he fell, you say-and the other witnesses con firm it-that ho called ' out twice-uttered two names, I think." "They were the names by which he used to call my brothers, sir-the names of his two mates in the storming party." , . . _ CThe End.) 