OLD FISH MARKET. THE NEW ORDER. DEALERS' STOCKS SOLD. AN INTERESTING DAY. "The old order changeth," and presently old Melbournians will fail to see In their city any building which will remind them of the days when their blood came fast and the pulse was free. One after another the ancient landmarks have had to give way for more elegant structures, and have had to yield their bricks to the con tractors for re-erection in the suburbs as "desirable villa residences," tricked out with gaily ornamented fronts. At the present moment, the hungry laborer Is making a meal of the bricks of the ancient Opera House, and the next hoary-headed erections to give up the ghost will be the old Fish Market, on the corner of Flinders and Swanston streets. Just how long the market hus "orna- mented" the corner not many know. The City Council, which owned It, seems to have no records which definitely give the year of its birth, and Garryowen and other chroniclers of the days "beyond the flood" do not appear to have considered the building of sufficient Importance to put it on their records. But something like forty years is its probable age, and it has got to go. The new central railway palace is to raise one of its chief en- trances on the spot the Fish Market has so long and so well, even If so dirtily, oc- cupied, and in a short space "the Old Fish Market" will have become but a tradition, a rallylng-polnt for the remi- niscent yarns of the white heads who were grown men when Melbourne was young. To-day the old building is overflowing with an odd crowd of assorted nationali ties. There are Greeks, Chinese, English, French. Germans, Australians, etc., but the hall-mark of the dealer Is stamped on the lot— the alert eye, the educated finger, which with them Judges quality with more than its fifth-sense allowance; the heavy jaw, which shows de termination never to give more for an article and a fraction of its worth, and the ready command of smart slangisms and rough repartee. Mr J. W. Styles (of the firm of Pleasance, Graham and Styles) is selling off the stock of the occupiers of the various shops and stalls, with the ex ception of two, the goods of the pork butcher and of one of the fishmongers are being reserved for other means of dispo sition. Mr Styles is used to the mixed character of the audience before him, and his recent election visit to the township of Ladysmlth and Mafeklng, in the Ararat electorate, has enriched his vocabulary with many golden terms. Commencing with a counter and certain fixtures in the confectionery shop of Mr Murray, which brought L2 15s, to the disgust of the auc tioneer, who sold it was worth L10 "even to a brass-faced dealer," the sale pro gressed slowly, but none the less surely. Mr Styles said he had nothing else to do for the day, and he did not mind a little careful consideration on the part of the bidders. Still, when lunch-time arrived and he hadn't time to snatch a sandwich, he eyed the crowd enviously, for they w.cre helping themselves generously to the peanuts and almonds which filled the centre of the market. "If you'd only leave off stuffing yourselves with goods you haven't bought," he wailed, plain- tlvely; "we might get on quicker." But still the peanuts went. There were five tons of them bagged up in hundreds- weight, and a rough and ready calculation showed that if the sale were concluded before tea-lime, probably one or two bags would be left. The almonds, too. were being levied upon unsparingly, and they seemed to be the choice of the score or so of children, whose absence from school would require some explantlon better than the mere falling rain. One man who ought to have been there was conspicuously absent. He was the Deputy Commisioner of Railways. It would purely have paid Mr Fitzpatrlek to have bought up the peanuts in one line and have sunk them in the foundations of the new station, for after to-day peanuts should be so cheap that passenger would be scarce able to climb into the carriages owing to the heaps of peanut shells which the late-trains contingents will scatter round. The men who clean up the car- riages would have been content to have had the amount of the purchase deducted pro rata from their salaries. For long before the sale began, the targe street organ which is worked by some conceulcd mechanical power, churned out— "Polly winked his eye, Polly heaved a sigh," etc. "Sons of the sea, all British born, Sailing every ocean," etc. It had twenty other tunes according to the advertisement, but beyond the two mentioned It only gave a lively Spanish waltz. When later it was knocked down for L9 15s, It chirped up with "I don't like no cheap man." "If you nln't got no money, You needn't come round." The lots were multitudinous, the pa tience of dealers untiring, and their appetites for nuts insatiable. As this Edition went to press, the well known figure of the peanut salesman, minus the Saturday night belltopper, could be seen at the door disconsolately surveying the dismantled market, and crying mourn fully over a small heap of peanut bags— "Here you are, fresh roasted peanuts ; thruppence a bag. Take 'em where you please. If there's any difference, they're all alike." 