The Sketcher. A Strange Seance. It was a peculiar affair from the very commencement. It was weird—even from the circumstances that led me to participate in it. It occurred under the very nose of the public, and the public eye was blind to it. I was in a certain suburban park. I shan't tell you which it was—put on your puzzling cap. I had cast aside my worries, and had determined to enjoy an hour of the modern pastoral. It was one evening in the year's sweet bridal month, when spring weds summer, when the May bloom decks the glade, and just about the time the sun takes his evening dip, gilding the waters of his bath as he disappears into their midst. I had wandered into a thickly wooded grove, and I thought myself alone; so I was rather startled when I heard a human voice close by me cry out "cuckoo." On looking up I perceived an old gentleman, a very queer- looking old gentleman, perched on the stump of a withered tree. He was swinging his legs about as if he were in a state of thorough enjoyment, and he was nod- ding his quaint old head—nodding it evi- dently at me. It was not a position in which one would usually find an old gentleman—not a respectable old gentle- man. It was not an occupation in which old gentlemen are prone to indulge; so I fear in my surprise I must have stared at him very rudely. "Oh, I'm here right enough," cried he. He had evidently read my thought. "I'm very much here, ha! ha! ha!" And his legs went swinging at a fearful rate. "I wouldn't look quite so bewildered if I were you," continued he in his strange croaking voice. "People pass- ing might notice it. Oh, you think I should be most likely to attract their attention? That's where you're wrong. I'm here, most positively here; but for all that very, very few people can see me. You can, because you're clair- voyant. I'm a spirit. Ha! ha!" I questioned myself as to the possi- bility of my being asleep and dreaming but again divining my thoughts, he re- plied with a chuckle: "Oh, you're wide awake—cuckoo." And he gave me a knowing wink. Suddenly he assumed an alert expres- sion; and then, bending forward mys- teriously, he whispered: "There are some people coming. I dont wish to distress you. I know you'd like to introduce me; but as you can't, I'll disappear." I turned to see who was approaching. It was a pair of lovers; but they were too much engrossed in their own affairs to pay any attention to me; so I faced about again. But the queer old man was gone. "Oh, this is too absurd," cried I, and I deliberately went up to the spot where he had been and minutely examined it. There was nothing but an old splintered and jagged tree stump, with a gnarled root draped in lichen and moss. I stooped to gather a primrose, when I felt my hat kicked off my head. Then, raising my eyes, I perceived an old boot dangling just on a level with my nose. So startled was I that I must have fallen backwards, for I discovered I was seated in a bed of weeds. Oh, the way that old man enjoyed my misadventure (for there he was on his perch again); the way he wriggled with delight; how he held his sides with laughter, rocked himself too and fro; threw his arms up in the air; and kick- ed out his withered old legs. Every moment I expected him to over-balance himself and come to serious grief on the turf; but no, he seemed as secure as you would have been on a music stool. Finely, he got up—on nothing— floated round the tree, and then, with a sudden twist, resumed his seat. This little feat seemed to restore his mental equilibrium. Seeing him do this so reminded me of certain entertainments I had witnessed that I couldn't help expressing a thought. "I'm sorry I haven't a tambourine or a concertina to lend you," muttered I. He took off his cap and threw it at me. It vanished into air, but I distinctly felt as if I'd been struck by a wet towel. "None of your inuendoes, my friend," said he. "I'm no charlatan. I'm no spirit by machinery. I'm the real article. I wish I had a concertina; I'd give you music about your ears you wouldn't care for. If you're not civil I shall just leave you, and then you'll lose something, I can tell you. 'Oopla." And to my further astonishment he turned complete somersaults again alighting in his old position and looking as serious as if nothing out of the common had happened. Then he crossed his legs, nursed his right elbow, and stroked his chin. "Have you ever attended a seance— a real seance?" inquired he; and his eyes looked like two red-hot coals that seemed to burn right into me. "No, I see you've not. Well, would you like to?" Again he read my thoughts before I could reply. "So you shall." Thereupon he slid down the tree and stood before me. "Follow," he commanded. " Oh, have no fear; I was a mortal once—like you, only a great deal handsomer—and you'll be like me one of these days, ha! ha! ha!—only not so handsome. Follow me. No one will see me but you, unless we meet a clairvoyant, and he'll under- stand. Why do you hesitate? Oh, I shan't take you off the earth's plane. Come along." He trotted on before me, just as if he'd been a human being. He didn't attempt any further conversation neither did I. We were soon in a frequented part of the park, but nobody noticed him—evi- dently nobody saw him. We passed through a busy street. He dodged in and out amongst the people just as you or I would. Never but once did he do anything out of the common, and that was when he walked straight through a post. In my surprise, that post and I collided. He, perceiving my new mis- adventure, again extravagantly revel- led; but seeing I looked annoyed, he bowed to me very politely in contrition, and we continued our journey. At last we halted at not very aris- tocratic-looking house down a back street. "Mangling done here" was an- nounced by a card prominently placed in a broken pane of the parlour window. My guide mounted the doorsteps and tried the door; but it was shut fast. Then, without the slightest hesitation, he passed right through it, opened it from the inside, and waited, grinning, in the hall to receive me. "I don't like giving the landlady any extra trouble," said he, "particularly as she's busy at present with her women cleaning her neighbours' linen and soil- ing their characters. Oh, don't look so astonished; she won't be afraid; she's used to my little peculiarities, bless her. Follow me up to the second floor. Mind the stairs; they're rickety, and the ban- isters are derisive, so don't trust them. Here we are—"Toora! loora! [li?]" I couldn't help being struck by the fact that this old gentleman did not in any way bear himself with that gravity, that circumspection one would natu- rally expect from a person in his sphere. "Who's here?" he asked, looking round a room we had entered. "Oh, only a poor muster to-night. Friends, I salute you. Let me introduce a scep- tic. Sceptic, you have the honour to behold, not disembodied spirits, but an- other order of bogies—for bogies you will think us, you poor blind benighted flesh and blood machine-fettered soul. You behold here spirits who cling to the earth's plane, and materially affect mor- tality, but who in their mundane exist- ence were merely the children of man's brains, as Minerva was the offspring of Jove. Let me introduce you. The gen- tleman in the chair to-night is simply known as The Ghost. He is a theatrical gentleman—possibly outsiders term him Slangy; but by those inside the profes- sion he is very much venerated. He is a welcome guest in every playhouse, and is to be met with mostly on a Fri- day evening or Saturday morning. No other ghost in the whole world is so popular. His influence is simply unique; and when his wonted time passes and he does not appear there is generally heartburning and unpleasantry. In ordinary trade circles he takes the mate- rial name of Wages. That gentleman to the right of him is likewise in the mi- metic profession. He is known as The Ghost of a Line. Not to be acquainted with him is not to be considered credit- able in the theatrical world. Authors are understood to detest actors who eschew his society. Yonder spirit ema- nated from the mind of a musician, a composer of the very highest soul order; so much as that none of his writing were ever guilty of melody, excepting one song, of which there is the ghost. That gentleman is the Ghost of a Tune. The person opposite, that melancholic indi- vidual, is the Ghost of a Joke. He is welcomed when discovered in one of the comic papers. He is generally attended by the imbecile you perceive at his elbow. Who is he? Why, the Ghost of a Laugh, if course. The mercurial per- onage, so restless, and fidgety, is the Ghost of an Idea. Sometimes he's very difficult to catch—even more so to retain. The party who has just entered is held in contempt both on the earth's plain and off it. Nobody wants him. One can do without him better than with him, for he only brings unpleasant memories —he Is The Ghost of a Coin." "Will you allow some one to speak besides yourself?" said a gentleman in the corner. "In other words, will you please give me myself?" "Certainly," replied my spirit guide, who seemed to perfectly understand the enigma. "I, sir," said the gentleman, rising, "am a spirit that many sigh for, many work hard for, and many sit patiently awaiting." "Oh! ha! ha! Capital for a conundrum. What is that which—" It was the Ghost of a Joke who spoke, but he was silenced by the gentleman so rudely interrupted, and the Ghost of a Laugh, who had just opened his mouth, closed it again, and slunk behind his intimate's chair. "Of course you would take me," said the controlling spirit, addressing the Ghost of a Joke; "you would take me." There was a bitter sarcasm in his accents; but his tone was not unkindly when turning to me, he continued: "I am caught by some, and prove a blessing to them, for they use me as the thin edge of the wedge for their advancement. Others let me slip through their fingers simply out of foolishness, others through sheer incapacity to utilise me. But there are myriads I never visit, and these, heaven help them, fade, fade into poverty, and mostly thence into di- spair. Those who seek me are likely to find me; but there is no certainty of that. I am by nature hasty and capri- cious. I, sir, am the Ghost of a Chance." The spirit sat down, and there was silence. Directly I heard who he was I felt inclined to embrace him; in fact, I rose to do so, but lo! he had disappear- ed. Then, as a vision, events of my own life rose up before me—anticipations, hopes, schemes, failures—failures through folly, failures through being pre- maturely certain, failures through an- other's spite—faded chances, brilliant, effervescing bubbles which had died sparkling and had left behind them nothing but regret. For a moment my eyes were blinded with tears, and through their dewy mist I saw the spirits who had formed the circle slowly fade away one by one. Strange to say, the Ghost of a Coin and the Ghost of a Laugh disappeared together. The strains of a popular melody floated through the air, and the Ghost of a Tune was indistinguishable. The last to leave was the Ghost of a Joke; he seemed very loath to go—in fact he seemed to be present long after I could see nothing of him. "There," said my familiar when we were again alone, "you've witnessed what no spiritualist ever beheld before. You've gone beyond their most marvel- lous experiences. I pity you when you come to narrate it. You will get no credence—no, not even from the wildest visionary. Downstairs, please. The show's over. We make a silver collec- tion at the door, so as to keep up the quality of the spirits. We are obliged to do this from a moral point of view; for if the rent's not paid we find the spirits become very low." He wanted to sell me some papers to which all the ghosts contributed, but I didn't purchase, because I feared they'd disappear in my pocket. He most politely saw me to the gate, and then vanished. My head was in a whirl. I scarcely realised what I was doing until I found myself back in my own rooms. There I again became acquainted with a little spirit—Scotch this time. Then I felt that what my familiar had said was true—I was a medium, and for some minutes I allowed the spirit to control.— Charles Daly, in the "Newcastle Weekly Chronicle." Few things gratify Mr. George Mere- dith than the fact that he had something to do with Mr. Thomas Hardy's first success as a novelist. The M.S. of Mr. Hardy's book "Under the Greenwood Tree" was sent in vain to several publishers, and at last reached Messrs. Chapman and Hall. Mr. Mere- dith, who was then, as he is still, one of the "readers" for the firm, read the story and was so struck with its merits that he advised its publication and wrote the author a letter of cordial praise, which was greatly appreciated by Mr. Hardy. 