SECOND READINGS. "WITH SA'DI IN THE GARDEN. By T. D. To which of us is it given to remain [?] unmoved when the East is mentioned? There are not many whose being does not respond in some measure at least to its magic and mystery. It Is air so full o* the TecoHection of teygone powers, so teeming whh records of how many great nations have come into life, flourished', and died, leaving behind no impression on ftata'e vast face, cave a citadel or two, a few scattered legends, and a name. And beyond all other couautiriee of the immemo rial Bast does India ohann and fascinate. From the Himalayas to the Cape Coroorin, from the Brahmaputra to the Indus there comes a va4t wealth of story fit for the hungriest seeker after old-time romance. But India wanrts a lover from her many to teach us all that lies within her borders. And as your eye lights on the name of Sir EM win Arnold in your shelves you feel that the hour and 1 the man are ready for you to take your pleasure. It matters little what of lite you choose. It is all gracious iwork, 'flue as the tracery that'«dorns hla misrtresß's temples, and as you sink your- self de&p; in his lore your heart goea out to him In tbankfurneas- for hia gifts. Yet even co must you attend the feast he has prepared for you thus : Come once more with me from our sombre sides To hear great Sa'di's tuneful mysteries— " Nightingale of a thousand lays"—for he Will, 'mid the Garden, sing in many a key Bare Persian airs. But, tell them first, my song— Lest they do thee and me and Ba'di wrong- To come with hearts to gentle thoughts inclined, Since this is only for the wise and kind ; And, of itself, our Garden shuts its gate On him that hard, oold, uncompassionate ; But opens wide its alleys, green and -still, To sesame of Love and fair Good-will. Not If Sir 'Edwin Arnold had searched the wide warW over could >h« have found a bet ter place wherein to expound " Sa'di's third chapter of the 'Boehtan.'i " That I«hk, which stags of Jove," than the garden of the Taj—Mahal, that glory of all India, the white wonder of the world reared as a monument of what one men's love can be. It needs but the (first few pages of his marvellous descriptions ot its overpowering beauty and its majesty to set you attuned/ straightway for what is to come. First, you gaze on tibo purity of the tomb itself, " £he ghost of thought diraped white, " Ali white ! snow white ! cloud white !" There la no other epithet that gives full power to this "house of snow." Shuffle the adjactirvea as you will while yo<u read the mind cornea back again and yet again to that one simple Amglo-Saxon word., There may be other phrases affixed thereto that its whiteness may be totenaifled, but always that one single " whittf" stays in your thought. And, as yote scan the staitelymarch of the blank verse, whose very rhythm soothes your brain, you steep youreielf to the full with Ita.e3 like these :— He hath not eyes to see whose eyes have seen That glory of the beauty of the Taj, Nor knew and felt—at seeing—how man's hand Comes nearest God's herein, touching His charm Of rounded silvery clouds in that poißed dome Which hangs between the sky's blue and the stream's— Fixing the fleeting structures of His snow In those piled pilasters and stainless flats Which mount and mount—delicate, drifted, still— A passion and a worship and a faith Writ fast in alabaster, so that earth Hath nothing anywhere of mortal toil So fine wrought, so consummate, so supreme— So beyond praise, Love's lovelie6t monument. But so that your eyes may not be dazzled by the radiance of " this house* of Love and Death" remember always 'that it lies " in folds of rounded verdure," "in the green garden upon Jumna's banks." Remember, too, that it is night—moonlit night, with the orb of darkness shining down in all her splendour on the tomb, and on its " glorious garden green, for ever green." Remember how that garden looks by day in all its play of wondrous colouring :— The spacious Pleasaunce-shows on either hand Dark verdant banks of various foliage— Cooling the eyes, and quieting the heart— With parterres interspersed and rose thickets, And sheets of fiery Indian marigolds, Moon flowers and shell flowers ; crimson panoply Of the silk cottons, and soft lilac light Where sunbeams sift through Uougainvillicrs t Pink oleander sprays you mark, fig blooms, Stars of the champak, tulip cups, and spikes Of silver-studded aloes with red gold Or peacock-bushes and fair deadly belts Of white datura. Here then is the scene. Wait but a mo ment until you have the players that will help you to grasp tho comforting quatrains of Sa'di, or to lie back charmed with the delicate love lays that Sir Edwin Arnold has put into tho mouths of his (handmaids. . . . . Gentle Gulbadan, The Persian singer with the melting voice, Dark Wilazar, handsome and bold, and skilled, To play for every song and step . . . Then, too, there is the miza, " far seen In deep philosophies," "who knew grave secrets hid in subtle verse," and who with " mild worn eyes" will read you strains of Persian poetry, while ever an anon the Nautch girls lighten the night with sentiment more suit ed to the human breast. Stories laden with fancy are told that suggest themselves from Sa'di's lines. And so let us begin. To hear the tender couplets Mumtaz heard There, in her Pleasauncv, by her Sepulchre, And speak of Love, and what it is, and how, And whither it should lead us, and God's will Fashioning Beauty so to seise and sway By grace so great ; and these strange hearts of men To passion for it, even to folly and death, To mourn it with such splendour sorrowful As yon white lordly anguish of the Taj. And truly Sa'di hath much to teach of the many ways of Love. Prom him we may learn how God's true lovers live, coupled with all the higher passion given to us mortals. Tho verse enchains, enchants, its steady quatrains sinking down into your brain, leaving no harsh discordant notes of sensualism behind, lifting the love of Earth even to the heights of love Divine, singing of constant faith, of Love's persistence, telling sweet tales of deeds a lover does on his lady's behalf. Story after story, each in its own completeness, comes up, and fades away, giving place to others every whit as full of grace as those tlhat went before. Here for an instance : I heard how to the beat of some quick tune There rose and danced a Damsel like the moon, Flower-mouthed and Pari-faced, and all around I her Neck stretching lovers gather close ; but soon A flickering lamp- flame caught her skirt and set Fire to the flying gauze. Fear did beget Trouble in that light heart. She cried amain. Quoth one among her worshippers, " Why fret, " Tulip of Love? TV extinguished fire hath burned Only one leaf of the I but I am turned To ashes—leaf and sUlk, and flower and root- By lamp- flash of thine eyes 1" ... And here again is the daintiest little alle gory : In mead or grove, by night, oft hast thou seen The fire-fly wave his jamp of glittering green : Once Borne one said, "Oh Fly ! lamping the darkness, What makes it that thy kind have never been " Spied in the daytime ?" Mark what answer wise That little marsh-born thing, with fiery eyes, Gave from the mouth of luminosity— " Whenever waters spread and dark leaves rise, " We range day time and night time ; but the sun Puts out our gleam ; till his great race is run. Our feeble beams are nowhere manifest ; The darknesß kindles them when night's begun." As you let the lines bo fraught with mean ing take hold on your thoughts Omar Khay yam conies again to you. Assuredly the Persians knew the philosophy that cheers mortals on their way through life. Always he turns the story to account. Sometimes It is "in Suflc phrase" " that under guise of naught but pleasant measures" atrlvp.B to let us know that life has something higher in It that without his verse vre ordinary men are like to miss. One cannot alto gether grasp him totally In one evening. Ideas drift in and out one's bratn, carrying us away sometimes far from our nineteenth century surroundings back to the days when poets were whole-souled enough to sing like this : Fair go the days of them that drink Love's wine Mighty and maddening I "Tis a bliss divine, Whether they Buffer Separation's anguish, Or raise Propinquity's sweet medicine. Earth's kingdoms shunning, these true Sultans be ! Bags of the prison wearing these pass free In changeless royal robes invisible, For union's sake enduring poverty. But perchance you weary even of Sa'dl. Well, then, Gulbadan and Wllazer are hera 'with their sway of lissom limbs and clink of bangles to win you away to the teaser delights, to the music of such soft strains that they lull you while they sing of Oriental love with all Its fire and fluency. But Sir Edward Arnold has dealt so kindly with the material he has to work on that in the verses there lies no hint of coarser pas sions. No common bazaar girls these, but wo men raised by the night a_nd th«lr exquisite surroundings into goddesses of the song and dance—" Bulbula of our Rose Grove." And as the night wears on they chime in with more modern sentiment, against the grand roll of Sa'di'B principles. Her lightsome lays are more human, more under standed of the people than the larger love the poet of Persia sings, but they are very sweet—as witness : All in a Garden fair I sate and spied The Tulips dancing, dancing side by side, With scarlet turbans dressed. All in a Garden green at night I heard The gladsome voice of night's melodious bird Singing that " Love is best." And again : My Beloved hath breasts like pomegranates t Her teeth are sea-pearls ! Her eyes shine with splendour of planets ; Like tangled silk curls. The heart net enwove by'by her tresses ; I fly with faint feet. Oh, Allah 1 her clinging caresses I Is Thy " Garden" so sweet ? And yet further : I had gold robes, and greatness, and sweetness i I was queen of the land ; In my palace shone pride of completeness ; On my lips sate command ; But the heart of my Lord was my glory, Not the crown on my brows ; And my garden is green with Love's story, And my Tomb is Love's House 1 But between' Sa'dl and the Nautchness we have little time left for Arnold's delicate mosaic work itself. And of a«truth in his own. part of the book is line upon line that is absolutely pregnant with beauty. There are solemn discussions, albeit they are couched in true poetic language, there may be found story or legend or fairy tale all perfect in their own way, pen pictures rich In tints and rife with beauty. Truly with him alone one could find enough to satisfy for an evening. But so full of beauty is the whole book that some part thereof must be neglected, and in our present mood that which partakes of English thought and Eng liah expression must ko to the wall. And yet before we leave Taj and the book to gether we must take with us some few lines of description to keep our memory of the author green. This painting of Dawn then may serve as well as anything : Those wonder whispering stars, that poised swift moon, The purple peace of Night, yon pearly Dawfl Coloured with Day's first gold ; this cool, pure breeze Which is the breath of Nature wakening, Those roses with their lovely blush come back. Those birds withdrawing little heads from wings, The butterflies abroad spreading soft fans Of blue and green and crimson, silver- mealed; The blossoms opening from them honey-filled, 