(Drijjinal JlrtttU. 'PEESENT-DAY DANGEES.' {Read by the Eev. C. H. Nash, M.A., before the Rur'uUcanal Chapter of Geelong.) The title of this paper opens such a wide field of observation and criticism that it will be well for us to begin by limiting our thought to so much of it as we can profitably discuss within the time at our disposal. I presume that we have met here at this stage of to-day's proceed-, ings to give our most earnest and serious consideration to the dangers which now beset our own ministry in the beloved Church which it is our glory to serve in this land. Let us, then, ' gird up the loins of our mind,' and bend every Spirit-quickened faculty to the task of discovering the latent causes of our weakness and frequent lack of success. And first, let us undertake to be transparently honest about ourselves, and unsparing to our own failings as ministers of the Gospel in so far as they have contributed to the dangers of the Churchfs present position. Again, we shall do well to avoid vague generalities, and fearlessly deal with practical matters with the full purpose of finding and applying to our own circumstances, as far as possible, any remedies which the spirit of wisdom may suggest. For certainly it is not by exposing defects, but by applying remedies, that such dangers will be averted, and real progress made. This is no ' war-game' in which we are engaged, but War, with all its perils, its responsibilities, its anxieties, its sudden lightning flashes of opportunity seized or lost for ever ; and alas ! the eternal welfare of immortal souls is jeopardised by our mistakes. I. Now, the first point that strikes me is that our gravest dangers are internal, and not external. \ The most startling contrast between the Church of to-day and the ! Church of the apostolic age appears in the almost total obliteration of the boundary-marks between the Church and the World. If the conflict were a straightforward one between the true . Church — a churchly Church — and the true World — a worldly World — the issue would be simple, and our dangers obvious and avoidable. But the saving influence of the Church upon the World is retarded by the incubus upon her of two ill-defined but extensive classes— the Worldly Church and the Churchly World. These are for ever calling for peace between the two belligerents (always on terms exceedingly favourable to our antagonists), and seeking to accommodate the responsibilities of a Christian profession to the indulgences of worldly practice. Your churchly worldling is a man who has ^been baptised and possibly confirmed, but of true conversion of heart he knows and cares nothing. He has the name to live, and is dead. The veneer of Churchmanship, perhaps of irreproachable orthodoxy, thinly encases a true self whose motives and ambitions are simply mun dane. This man is a perilous ? anomaly, and far more dangerous to the cause of truth than is the professed infidel. The 'Cape Africander' Churchman is a subtle element of weakness in our Church polity which must be reckoned with. Are not such men produced in hundreds by our loose and indis criminate methods of administering infant baptism ? Do we not sacrifice superior quality for the sake of gain in numbers ? Have we not lowered our standards, and too easily made Christian on their own terms ? Could we not demand that at least the minimum requirements of our own liberal rubrics should be enforced, with the aim of deepening the prevailing shallow opinions of the solemnity and obligations of holy baptism ? And then there is your worldly Churchman, who warns you against being too straight-laced and narrow-minded, and in sheer distrust of the splendid promises of God, urges you to use the attractive methods of the world to keep abreast of the times, to adopt the latest novelty in fashionable devices for the allurement of men or the gathering of money, as though upon numbers of men or sums of money depended the progress of Christian truth and faith ! When shall we. take courage to say, Non tali auxilio nee defensoribus istis? 'I am not ashamed of the Gospel of Christ, for that Gospel alone and nothing else is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth.' ' Not by might nor by power, but by My Spirit, saith the Lord of b Hosts.' If we keep our parochial machinery going by recourse to such means «,s these men would advocate, where is the proof that the God of Pentecost is with us ? Surely, to adopt the words of one entitled to express an opinion (Eev. N. Jones, M.A., in a pamphlet on ' Church Finance'), if the Eeformation of the sixteenth century was needed to restore the work of the Saviour to its true place in the Christian system, a reformation is needed in the dawning twentieth century to reassert the position and functions of the Holy Ghost in the Church of God. The only remedy is : Back to Pentecost, back to the promise, back to the position that the Church, in spite of divisions, corrup tions, and worldliness, is still the temple of the living God ; that the Holy Ghost in all His Pentecostal power still dwells within her. Then once more she will stand forth ' fair as the moon, clear as the sun, and terrible as an army with banners.' II. Passing from these more general observations, I come to what seems to me to be the most dangerous characteristic of our present day methods. For want of a better designation I will call it sectional over- organisation. To the original conception of Christianity the Church appears as the one great comprehensive society of spiritually enlightened and morally- elevated men, pledged to work under Divine sanctions, and with supernatural means, for the spiritual enlighten ment and moral elevation of all their fellow-men. This design is faithfully reflected in our Church Catechism, where our Lord's teaching as to a man's duty to his neighbour is carefully translated into the terms of our manifold obligations to our fellows in daily intercourse. But in modern practice it seems as though each social duty must be emphasised by the formation of a separate society for the cultivation of a specific virtue or the attainment of a particular reform. With what results? First, that by the exaggeration of one single quality or aim the balance of true Christian character is displaced, and men become fanatical and incapable of breadth of view or width of interest. Secondly (and this is still more serious), the Temperance Society or Social Eeform Club frequently usurps the place of the Church, the spiritual fundamentals of personal religion are neglected, and a man comes to think that he is a good Christian if he be a total abstainer or a socialist. Thirdly, large and very important elements of Christian character are thrust out of the general view by exclusive insistence upon others. For instance, in these days which answer so accurately to the Apostle's description of 'the last days,' when 'men shall be lovers of self, lovers of money, lovers of pleasure rather than lovers of God,' what public recognition have we of the duty of Christian sobriety? I am taught in my Catechism 'to keep my body in temperance, soberness, and chastity.' ' Be sober' is the constant burden of apostolic teaching to the young people of a pleasure-loving age. We have temperance societies ; we have purity societies. If we would be consistent, must we not have soberness societies also to emphasise this most binding obligation of Christian life ? So the number of our sectional societies is continually multiplying. And this brings me to a fourth objection, which concerns ourselves still more closely. The parochial clergyman's time and energy, which should be spent in direct personal influence upon his flock, are consumed in attend ance at innumerable meetings and .committees, which, _ in many instances, accomplish no really beneficial results in the spiritual life of his people. It oftentimes costs more effort to keep the machinery going than to do the work for which the machinery was designed. The conviction is steadily growing upon me that the Church itself is the true temperance society, the true purity society, the true sober ness society ; but with this divergence from the modern type of such organisations : Her paramount duty as a Church is surely not_ to foster political agitation, which aims at removing intoxicating drink from the drunkard, but to rescue the drunkard, and to safe guard her children by proved supernatural resources from the hellish bondage of strong drink. It is not to repress the public TBolicitations of shameless vice by police control, but to teach men how they may master their sinful passions, and to ingather the gaudy harlot from her joyless tramping of the streets. It is not to cater for our young people's love of amusement by giving them the Church social, the Church dance, the Church theatricals in place of 'the pomps and vanity of this wicked world,' which they have renounced for ever ; but to teach parents their solemn obligation to provide for the legitimate recreation and social intercourse of their growing children under the steadying influences of family^ life and family religion. 'Are we then to have no social legislation and no legal repression of vice?' you will say. Most certainly we must. But such legislation is the function of the State, and not of the Church. The prime concern of the Church is, by the regenerating power of the Holy Ghost, to create and develop individual Christian men and women, who have learnt to know and use the Divine Fountain of righteousness and strength instead of the broken cisterns of man's feeble devising, men and women who will instinctively carry their Christian principles into every department of private, social, national, and human life. Our supreme business, as the authorised teachers of Christ's Church, is not to show the salt how to influence the earth, or to keep the earth from contaminating the salt, but to see that the salt be salt, and that it have not lost its savour. And this thought leads me naturally to my last .point — the danger lest while dealing with men in crowds, we neglect the individual. In a paper written during early college days, but full of ripe truth, the late Professor Henry Drummond, of Glasgow, wrote: — 'We know well enough how to move the masses, how to draw a crowd around us, . . . how to flash and storm in passion, how to work on the appeal at the right moment, how to play upon all the figures of rhetoric in succession, and how to throw in a calm, when no one expects but everyone wants it. Everyone knows this, or can know it easily; but to draw souls one by one, to buttonhole them, and take from them the secret of their lives, to talk them clear out of themselves, to pervade them with your spiritual essence and make them trans parent — this is the spiritual diagnosis which is so difficult to acquire and so hard to practise.' The man who wrote that knew something of human nature. Man's inward life is solitary and unique ; deeply disordered it may be, or sadly undeveloped, but still a microcosm in itself demanding special treatment (Col. i. 28). One by one we came into this world, each with his own distinguishing equipment of natural parts, each with? his own peculiar environment. One by one we enter by conscious faith into living union with our adorable Head, as articulate members' of His spiritual Body. One by one we pass out of this life again to that future state where 'one star differeth from another star in glory.' And one by one men must be dealt with in their religious training, not in chance crowds merely, or even in orderly battalions, but with the simplest possible machinery, such as our Church Order, framed on truly Scriptural lines, and our parochial system provide ; and by faithfully u^ing our endowment of 'all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ Jesus,' we may duly tend and multiply the flock over which the Holy Ghost has made us overseers, and make our reckoning at the last with humble joy. 