% Answers to Corres \\. pondents. By 'Gossip.' [It I« nol always possible to answer communications under this hcadinR in the issue followinR receipt and sometimes several iesuot appear belore we »rc able to do bo.1 I? D.K. — Your letter was sent on to |;;. ' Medico,' and long before you read I this I expect he will have replied to I it. He said some nice things about ¥ me the other day concerning that last I book of mine, ' The Voyage of the r JYLonsoon, so i na&e; do say nice tumgs |- about him now. Still, I suppose it is |5 possible for two men to respect each |'. other 1 I've got great faith in him, I' eren if he did Bay nice things about «;; me. t G.L. — You evidently read our paper. h Why didn't you put a number to your i'. letter, or a pen- name, so thab I could -? talk to you \ It's nob a subject that I '; can talk to you on, and I can't write |; letters. Life's too short. That I 'I chap is snapped up, sure j he's got a ? nice place close to home. There's a big demand for his sort all the time. \ S. McB. — Your letter came and \\. the stamps, and the paper was sent ; % bub I haven't the remotest idea of % what it was about. I'll make an ex |j planation to you, which will be a j?f confession. I'm quite earnest in I-' talking to people, and quite interested; £ bub most of my correspondents are I only names to me, or numbers. Most r.' of them are mere ghosts from the §' inane. Bub they are real enough for i; the momenb. Last week I was away, I: and travelled about 1000 miles be :; tween Monday night and Saturday I night. I was in new towns, and met £ hundreds of people. A few I knew ; £» hundreds knew me. I made speeches, [ and gob excited, and Sydney was for f gotten. Now I come back to home I and love, and my desk and my old T correspondents, and I don't know t. where I left o££ ! I can'b for the life \- of me remember ; bub you'll forgive ' me, won'b you? Nobbing in bhia - i- lebter gives me a clue to ib ; bub so ' long as you're satisfied, I am, too. ! Silence. — Your paper is going to you as free as air. You needn't pay for it bill bhe ship comes in. You are a friend of mine, and you can oount on getting the paper right along. You can say that you have ordered it to be discontinued, but you can't make me do ib. The sun of prosperity is going to shine again, and I like your faith and your sbyle, and your kindness.. W.C.H. — I believe that your branch is aboub the top now, if it isn't the champion. It's pleasant to realise thab you have exerted your strength once, so soon, and have felb the benefit of it. The people are waking up. My word ! 'Day by day the river widens, that great river of opinion, And its torrent beats and plunges at the base of greed's dominion. Though you dam it by oppression and lliug golden bridges o'er it, Yet the day and hour advances when in fright you fiee before it.' The country ie realising how stupid it has been all through the years, and the awakening is accompanied by ) amazement ! We're acquiring an organizing habit. Our only danger ' will come from within. Oar people will cry for the moon and then the trouble will start. Bub we're ' inching along,' and we'll get there in spite of frauds uud feus. I'll write to Campbell and let you know aboub ; the numbers. Will you bring your wife to the July meetings'? Don'b forget to advise the secretary of that, because the invitation to Government House will be made out for you i both. This Governor is a good man. A.D. — 1 hope you get it. As I ? didn't hear from you the first day, 1 : guessed you must Le away, so 1 offered io to linother chap. Ad it happened, v uhe boss came to town, and he had ?'? the chance of a personal interview, ho that makes your chance look slim. Jiub : it lets you see that I haven't forgotten you ' Don't give way to foolish sorrow, Let this keep you iu good cheer : Brighter days will como to-morrow If you only persevere.' Talk's cheap, isn't it? Especially when your tucker is sure ! ft.P.— Look here, your ' New Religion' fills. me with woe. A lob of people seem bo take great pleasure in sending me pamphlets and books that are alleged to be religious. I never want to say anything unkind about) a man's religion, even if he makes Chin Chin to Oko Jumbo. Bub sometimes ib gets hard for me to hold my tongue. You say, ' The plague kills bhe idle rich as well as the poor, to beach the brotherhood of tho human race.' It's a blamed poor ceacher, old man ! Ib doesn't kill the rich. It doesn'b kill the clean ; it doesn't kill tho sensible. You say thab if ib kills a few hundred of the rich people, ' including the leading aldermen and polibicians, it will simply be because they have neglected their duty in not keeping the city clean by an intelligent labor system based on God's laws.' But thab is nob the push that bhe ' plague' reaches ab all ! The alleged plague is a goat, and bubbs at the ones who are sinned against, and not ab bhe sinners. Wherefore I hereby declare that the alleged plague is blind and stupid, or else — you are wrong. I like some of your religion,' especially when you quote Lowell — : 'He's true to God who'a true to man when ever a wrong ia done To the weakest or tho poorest, 'neath the all-beholding Ban ; That wrong is done to us, and they are slaves most base Whose love of right ia for themselves, and not for all the race.' I feel kind towards you also when you declare thab yon are sboney broke, and ask me for sbamps ; bub — do you think bhab all the reBt of us are fools 1 I can'b argue with you here, for space is limited, but — your ' New Religion ' isn't much in my line. H.T.— Thanks for the tracts. I'm not sure who sent them, bub I'm making a guess ! They come from Wellington, N.Z., and I appreciate the kindness that sends them. But I am a hopeless case ! Tho long strings of texts strike me like columns of figures in a book of arithmetic. It's no use bombarding me with new creeds. I'd sooner be damned wibh bhe old one than accept a new, narrow one. You'll excuse me for saying that, bub yours is horribly narrow. If ever we meet again I'll argue the thing out wibh you. Isis. — You are a wonder ! When I looked ab all the ' copy ' you'd sent me I gasped, and wondered where the time was coming from to look over ib. However, we've had so many holidays lately thab I got bime to work, and I went over them on tho Queen's Birthday. One of your poems I will use in bhe ' Journal ' on the first opportunity. The reBt are wonderfully good, bub they found their way to the W.P.li. with a sigh. Maybe they'd have a better hearing if they came one at a bime. The story of the porb is too long. It is boo muoh of a catalogue as well. You've got all the elements of a story in ib, bub you've missed it. Whab wo want to know is, Where is bhe Porb ? Wlion and why was ib selected ? And then you could tell us aboub the prisons and the convicts. Bob you've written a tourists' guide, leaving out the soul of the thing. See ? Aboub the ' Fairy Story : ' I like ib. I'vo gob a greab lot of little items from children, and I wanb bo sbarb a children's corner. Bub the time — Oh, the time ! Your sbory would go in bhere all righb, bub ib is boo long, I can'b boil ib down, and I don'b want a continued sbory to sbarb on. However, I'll keep ib, and bry and find room for it some day. I would say bhat your strong point is writing for children ; bat you are young, and have plenty of time to develcp. Readers. — We didn't publish our paper on Friday, May 25. It was a week of web razzle ? Ib was Queen's Birbhday, and Mafeking, and rain, so we didn'b come onb as bhere were no sales ab Homebush. We only published once bhab week. I put batches of ' Answers' on the file for the printer. Each day I brought in a column or so, and bhey gob behind. For fear the printer should pub bhe lasb 'Answers' in firab, I put the newest ones under neath. When the proofs came down I gasped. I said, 'These are the answers I wrobe yesberday ' ' Are bhey?' said the printer; 'that's curious, because I took the bottom ones first.' That comes of expecbing a prinber to be a fool ! Our printer isn'b, and I apoligise. The delay in replying to some people is hereby explained. I apologise for the delay ! 510\. — We can't get any more of those penny copies of 'In Memoriam.' I had a spare copy ab home ; but when I came bo look for ib I found thab I'd senb it to somebody else. Is there anything else we could send you? Thab lebter of yours hit the mark all righb, and I expecb you'll see ib in prinb long before you see bhis. Thanks. W.P.S.— I've wribten to Ryan about bhe prickly pear, and I expect he'll write bo you. He isn't much of a literary man, bub he ought bo write you. His address is J. P. Ryan, Wollongong. J.A.B. — Your lebter stirred me sbrangely. It's pleasant bo feel bhab a man I've never meb feels so kindly. The scheme I'm working out is this : I know people out in bhe bush who wanb bo learn things, but have no opporbuniby, and no books. I wanb bo send them books on loan, like books on hisbory, antiquibies, science, and even liberaturo. You'd be surprised ab bhe number of nice people who write to me and who want bo sbudy. As soon aa I have a spare day I'm going to fossick out some - second-hand books of the Borb I mean, and make them into a kind of circulating library. I don'b believe in helping the useless wretches of the earbh— it's waste labor. I wanb to help tho people who wanb kbo help themselves. I believe I have lots of friends who'd send me books if I could name them, bub the scheme is only chaotic as yob. I'm working it a bib on my own. When I see how ib works I may call on you. 26\. — I see there's a number on your letter, I supposo that's on account of sending you a receipb for your cheque, Thanks, especially for bhe 11s for bhe Indian Famine Fund. Your question isn'b an easy one : ' When bhe central leases expire could the land nob be taken up as C.P. or C.L. ?' I asked Messrs. Houston and Barnes about it, and bhey are aboub as clever ab the land business as any firm in Ausbralia, and here's bheir reply : 'This depends entirely how' bhe department intends to deal with the lands after the leases expire. The lands will in all proba bility be proclaimed by advertisement in bhe ' Governmenb Gazette,' as open for different tenures. The information, however, could probibly be obtained from the local land agent shortly before the particular lease or leases expire.' You can take that as the best information obtainable. As to your obher question, ib's like bhis : We do report bhe Ennogera sales, but our paper is so small bhab we get crowded up, and you can'b get a quart of news into a pinb bottle. As soon as our advertising justifies ib, we'll enlarge. We have no subsidy ; we are entirely free and on our own, and we've gob a heap of enemies. Our friends are bhe producers, and bhey are nob the advertisers. Bub our turn will be here direcbly. 