Treatment of the Hands of Piano forte Pupils. A modnst young woman entered a drug store on Madison Avonuo ono mqruing rooontly, aud walking to tho ond of tho counter nearest tho proscription department, mutely hold out hoth hands towards a olork who chanced to be standing in that particular plaoo. Tho olork, oquallv mute, ^readied behind a screen anc brought out a blue glass bottlo, from whioh a brush handle protrudodi Aftor stirring the contents of tho bottle with'.tho brash fora fowseoonds tho qlerk daintily brushed tho tips of the young' woman's fingers with the mixtnro, leaving a dark' stain around the top of oaoh'fingsr nail.' -With; a pleasant nod' of, her head and low murmuring thanks thp young woman quickly, withdrew from the storo and tho bluo glass bottle was put baok in its hiding place. Observing a puzzled expression on tho faoo of an old patron ? of tho storo, tho olork , said Iodine. '.' What for P' asked the smoker. ' Prevents- tho fingors from getting sore,' rbplied tho olork.' ' Sho is from thomusioal conservatory, whore sho practices on tho piano threoor four hours a day. In order to provont tho' fingor nails from coming in oontaot with the ivory keys, sho. has them out vory shorthand wo apply iodine to 'tako tho soronoss out of the ends of' ^thb fingors aftor thoy havo boon subjeotbd to tliroo or'fours hours' of pounding.' Most piano playors, you will 'obsoryo, .have thoir^ finger nails out tb tho quiok, so that no olioking sound is omittod'whori'thoy.striko tho keys, Wo k'eop a bottlo of iodine nud a brush for tho spooial use of tho ftiftnoforto pupils of tho ' conservatory. Thoy obmo in horb for troatmont two or tliroo timos a week and pay by tho. month,— -Invention. ' : , ' 9; . A* fatal bod is pointed out to visitors in an onginbhouBoin Maoon, Ga. Four men died soon after oooupying it, and, ono of its latost oooupanta' dobkiroB that tho ghost of one of tho dead flreboii luid his ioy hand upon him, and ho boliovos that ho is soon tb join him, ' During 1804, 45,?80,000,000 gallons' of London's sowago woro doalt with at Barking, and 28*227,000,000 at OrOsshoss. Th.o grand total is 74^068,000,000 gallons. ' v V ' ' 