A LION'S WHELP. A STORY OF THE SOUTH AFRICAN WAR. By A. G. HALES. Ho was only a boy, and he looked it, in spite of the rifle that was Slung over his clean-cut shoulders; the men called him "the Kid," which was apt to raise his width at times, for he was genuinely ashamed of his hairless chin and cheeks. He shaved religiously as oflen as lie could find the time and the soap, whereat the huge hairy-faced animals, who formed the greater part of Mon'tmorenei’s Scouts, would grin behind their hands, and make unholy a.iusions to “crops that would not grow in new ground." His mother would not have been ashamed of him if she could have seen him that morning, standing with his left hand on his horse’s bridle-rein, whilst the rising sun frollicked in and out amidst his red'disli-brown curls, which his wide-brimmed scout’s hat, with black drooping feathers, only half eoncea'.ed. His father would not have blushed to own him had he been there to see the well-poised had thrown defiantly back-; the bold, full throat all hare to the morning breeze; the hard, brown hands, so shapely, yet so strong, for lie looked like a lion’s whelp, and an hour later he died like one. Mont morenci’s Scouts were out for business, not j for a picnio party; they stood behind a low kopje holding their horses in readiness for attack, whilst their leader, the fearless Montmorenci, himself shifted the hill, and swept the veldt beyond with his field- j glasses. The scouts knew perfectly well that the Boers were close to them, they knew that the Boers were aware of their presence, they knew, also, that it was go ing to be a duel to the death; and these men, who knew .the Boers and their ways becter than any men living, looked grimly serious, for each man knew well in his heart that before the shadows of evening fell death would have shaken hands with many a British scout and many a Boer veldt hunter, fit was a dtrange scene for a man to look upon—a scene where the shad ows of war seemed to flirt with the sun shine of peace. Two leng lines of kopjes— black, bare, and stern-browed—ran in parallel lines from north to sotvth, whilst a strip of veldt a mile wide stretched be tween the two "like a long green band of water betwixt its banks. The morning wind bent and swayed the green grass with its caressing touch, and the sunshine and the shadows met, embraced, and melted apart again, like lovers meeting by moon light. Yet in the kopjes on the easterdn side Bosr marksmen, crouched behind rocks, with rifles slung over their knees, watched and waited; whilst from the western hills' Montmorenci’s scouts scanned every rip ple in the grass with keen-set eyes. Both Boer and Triton knew that no chances were to be thrown away. They had hunt ed for each other’s jives for weeks, pitting cunning against cunning, still against sk:lf, and the honors had been about even; bui the day had at last arrived when one or the other would have to fall back broken and beaten. The leader of the scouts was the first to grow weary of the game of patrience. Turning to one of his officers he said —“It’s no use sitting here any longer; that fellow Yan Brokhttzin will not shift into the open if I wait for him till dooms day. We’ll have to go and fetch him out.’’ The scout shook Ills head. “The man who goes into the open goes to his death as soon as he gets within range of their rifles, and a Mauser rifle carries far, sir,’’ he said. Montmorenci closed his glasses with a snap and picked up his rifle. “I’ll be the first to go, then," he said. "This Boer felfow shall not say that Montmorenci’s Scouts were afraid to face him. I’ll go out as master of ceremonies and send him a leaden invitation to the dance." Twenty seconds later the scouts slipped out of the kopjes, crawling on hands and knees through the grass, making from one ant hill or loose rock to another, creeping slowly but’with unswerving uncertainty towards the Boer position. Montmorenci himself walked noncMant’iy a good hun dred paces in fronitspf his men until he reached a spot which seemed good to him to open the battle; then he dropped on one knee, and, raising his rifle steadily, fired at the kopje in front of him. It Was his “invitation to the dance of death," and the Boers did not decline it. Out they crept from their hiding-places in the rocky kopje, steadily, like panthers, they slipped one by one into the veldt grass, and they, too, crept behind the low bushes or any kind of cover that the plain offered them until the two hostile parties were well within rifle range of each other, and then the awful game of slaughter began in dead ly earnest; rifle spoke to rifle until the warm African earth was painted in many places with the rich crimson life-blood of both Boer and Briton. Suddenly the British leader sprang from cover and made a reckless dash towards the enemy’s lines. It was a madlman’s effort, a wanton waste of life, for in the twinkling of an eye half-a-dozen rifles cracked, and he, the very flower of chivalry, reeled in. his tracks, staggered a moment, wheeled halfway round towards his own men, and then fell as a tree falls. His men saw his limbs twitching in the grass; they knew thiat there was not a chance in a million that his wounds were no't mortal, for the men they were fighting were the flower of the marksmen of the whole Boer army. -A grim-faced old scout called to his. mates, “It’s all over with the cap'tain, boys; if lie’s not dead now he’ll bleed to death in forty seconds.” "If we could-bring him in he might have a chance,” replied his right hand man, as he filled his magazine, and. peered cau tiously round his sheltering anthill for someone to shoot at. ■ "I’d risk ft,” snarled l the first speaker, "if there was a ghos/t of a chance, but it’s centain death to any man who stands .on his feet here. No man outside of a lunatic asylum would try it.” But he was mis-: taken, for even as he spoke a well-knit boyish figure leapt up within a dozen yards of him, and made a headlong rush for the spot where the leader of the scouts lay so. strangely still. “Come back, ’Kid,’” yelled a score of voices. "Come back, for Christ’s sake!” But the Kid did not come back. The bub lets fell around him like-a rain shower.' They cut the earth up around him, in front of him, behind him; the little leaden devils that hissed so fiercely ripped through his clothes and carried away his hat, -yet not one of them touched the-fearless young lion as he raced onward, trying; for his fallen leader’s sake, to outstrip death. He reached Mon'tmorenci’s side, knelt swiftly and picked up the head of the one he had worshipped as a leader and loved as a man, and found that, fleet as his footsteps had been, the feet of death had' been fleeter;.! gen'tily he laid the soldier down on the plain —gently and reverently, though the very air around him was quivering with flying lead. Then he reached for the captain’s' rifle, and, throwing himself full length on. the veldt beside the dead man, he an swered the enemies’ fire with a hand so steady that even their boldest shrank back from him. And when at last the'Boe-rk drew off slowly and sullenly before’; our men, the Scouts made a rush to the spot, and there they found ■ him. with a bullet wound in the centre of his; boyish fore head, and on his Stern, set face the!shadowy of a smile. Looking down upon their, ifcwo; dead' friends, .the Scouts lifted their hats re verently. Then one of them said—“Mont morenci died like a lion, boys.":; :. "Aye, mate," said another, "and 'the Kid’ was a lion’s whelp, wherever he-was bred, and he lived and-died like one.”—, “To-day.” - ’ ■ - '■All the French .Transatlantic steamers now take a number of carrier pigeons, with the object of affording opportunity; bo pas sengers for the dispatch of messages home in the course of the voyage. The new.'boat La Lorraine, which recently completed her first (trip to New York; established some thing like a record-in this? regards Itfhe distance from land 'at which thd birds were liberated-;,1 The greatpstidis-'.! Wanes covered'by .one" of these birds *pre vious to the_ voyage referred "to - was 324 miles, but the pigeons, of,La Lorraine-start,! ed from a distance of'3so'miles. By "this'i means 25 . passengers that boat availed .’themselves, of ,the_ opportunity -of communicating with their friends on shore two days after quitting-land,- the birds only haring been liberated -pn ■'the second day after sailing.; vY; ;,. : .Viv - y-.p—i -■ 