CONINGHAM DIVORCE I SUIT. PETITIONER'S ADDRESS TO THE JÜRy. " THE JUDGE'S SUMMING UP ; NOT YET CONCLUDED. |(By Telegraph from our Correspondent.)' SYDNEY, Decembsr 13. The Coningham divorce case Is now with- in measurable distance of the end. Mr. Want finished his address to the jury cbout balf-past 11 o'clock, when Mr. Coningham > commenced. _ In the course of his address ne pointed out how he had had to light tho «!aae alone against the ablest counsel in the world, and surrounded iby others who ?had myrmidons to do their bidding. Re íerrlng to hie wife, he said : " I met her in 1880, and courted her for three years. I lound no blemish whatever. She wanted to tell.me of her past, ¡but I did not want to know it. I found her conscientious ond true, and she continued so till fate threw her Into the clutches of one of a religious training, who worked his web around her till he took her affection from nie, and rob- bed har of her mother's highest honour, flex children of their good nairne, and mo of ¡her love and affection, and left me what I am now. She fell, and went to her father confessor, Father Fouhy, and he absolved her from that sin. She tried to hide her shame, and hld It. Only one man and woman 'knew of It 'beside^ the father ot 'the child, and that woman came ( 750 miles to tell of -what occurred 'all these years ago, assisted by her father I cottfessor, who was in Sydney, for he (peti- tioner) hnd seen Mm. Why did they not call Father Fouhy ? Because if he had en- tered the box and told what the girl con- fessed to Mm what would the world have 'thought ? They dared not put him there. 'He, as her husband, knew of tho child for the first time as he sat at the court table. He had not wanted to know, perhaps ho nad suspected something, but he was satis . Bed with her as ho found her." The peti- tioner was nearlng the end of his rttKIresa When the court adjourned for luncheon. Resuming his address, Mr. Coningham Stated, -with regard to the damages claimed, that he did not want to touch a penny of Whatever the jury might give him. He did not want the filthy stuff. It was his children he was 'fighting for. In concluding, he remarked that there was a passage in " Horace" to the effect that " punishment, though slow afoot, seldom failed to over- take the guilty," and this case should prove the accuracy of the assertion. THE JUDGE'S SUMMING UP. Justice Simpson commenced summing up at a-quarter to 3 o'clock. 'Ho ¡pointed out that, though it might seem strange, It was quite open to the jury to find against the respondent <Mrs. Coningham) on the Issue of adultery, but still not against the co-respondent. Never since he had been sitting in the Divorce Court had he pre- sided over a case in which a respondent, the guilty woman, had boen called as a Witness and admitted her adultery to try to prove adultery against the co-respondent. If in this case the jury conscientiously be- lieved vthe respondent to .be a witness of truth,'they'should find a verdict in favour of the petitioner, even if the respondent stood alone and absolutely unsupported. The evidence of one -witness, if accepted as true, must carry more weight than that of twenty or thirty on the other side whose testimony seemed open to doubt. The jury did' not require to be absolutely certain of the guilt of the respondent and -the co-re- spondent, because that would be impossible Without ocular proof. The law morely re- quired that the jurors, exercising the facul- ties God had given them, should as reason- able" men feel satisfied of the guilt of the accused. In this case he thought it'would be impossible for them to find against tho respondent without also finding against the co-respondent. It would be just as serious for the co- respondent if,,they found against Mrs. Coningham, but did not find against him. The question had been raised as to absolution by the Church, and there was no doubt, if what the petitioner said was true, and if there were such a doctrine in the Church of Rome, it was most dreadful. Could they believe that in any Church there could be a doctrine by which a man could*, commit adultery on Monday, confess and receive absolution on Friday, and then go Into the witness-box and swear-that he had never committed adultery at all, be- cause he had been absolved. And yet that was what the petitioner said was the doc- trine of the Church of .Rome. Dr. O'Haran said there was no such doctrine. The jury would remomber that Father Creegan brought his own little Bible to be sworn on, while Cardinal Moran, Dr. O'Haran, and Father Byrne kissed the Pro- testant Bible. Still, Dr. O'Haran said that 'the latter oath was binding on his con- science, although a Catholic Bible would have been preferred. Father Creegan was asked whether, after absolution, it was considered that there had been no sin, and 1 the witness said " No," but that waS hardly ^consistent with Dr. O'llaran's state- ment, * The co-respondent said that if a man. got absolution in the .Church of Rome, and the sin was forgiven, it was wiped out: " Though your sins bo as scarlet they shall > be white as snow." But between thg Pro- testant and Roman Catholic Churches there vwas, in the estimation of some people, a, difference on the-question of absolution by the priest. If thoy read the passages in the English Prayer-book for the visitation of the sick thoy would see that If the sick mun was moved to make confession the priest was to say, " I absolve thee from all thy sins, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." . . Having quoted from the evidence concerning tho doctrine oE thp Church of Rome as to tho forgiveness of sins, his Honour asked if there was .any- thing wrong with that ?' Was it not the doctrine of Christianity ? If sin were forgiven it was blotted out, of course. It would be a dreadful thing if -God forgave a sin and it was not so. His Honour had .not concluded *umming up at the rising of the court, and the case was adjourned till the .following day, the ~ jury being allowed to go to their homes, as they have been all through the hearing -of 'the case*. 