Levallion's Heir. CHAPTER XXIII. . THE DARK GLASS. ' Adrian's gone,' said Lady Lovallion to herself aB she woke tho next morning. She 'knOW'shO oughtto be glad of it, thankful that he was 'no^ longer in Levallibn'a honsb ; for which reason, ! probably, sho dragged herself ont of, bed and, .thought with blank loathing of the empty day before her : of the women who must' be amused ; of Lovallion who must not see she missed anyone. 'I might as well pretend not to care if Tommy died !' she said bitterly. ' For it's just the same. If I know anything about Adrian he will never see mo again of his own accord.' ..There was a letter on hor plato at break fast, and for one-half second she thought ho' might havo written a baro half dozen wordB of farewell to the woman he had meant to live and. die with. But the common envelope, tho scrawled address, undeceived her. It was a begging letter, and sho opened it listlessly, and hardly noticed Bome scraps of torn paste board that fell out of it. But as she read the soiled half-sheet of common writing, Gwen dolen Brook nudged Colonel Scarsdalo. Lady Levallion's face was a dull crimson from fore head to chin. Even Lovallion noticed it, as sho stuffed tho letter into her pocket and gathered up thoso fallen bits of pasteboard. Noticed, too, that the very instant ' breakfast was over she wont to hor own sitting-room, scarcely waiting to hear tho plans for the day. Yet it was not the letter that had brought tho blood to hor face. That was from tho Umbrella, as Tommy had prophesied ; and tho news in it was lato for tho market except that it gavo chapter and verso of what Ravonel had only guessed at. Lady Annosley had turned Adams out, sho had lost her savings, was at a farmhouse half a mile off,- with no money and — bIio thought — dying. Would Miss Ravenel como to her, as sho could not die with her wickedness on 1 hor piiud? I twas sho who had warned Lady Annesley of that wild dream of marriage with Adrian Gordon,' she who had shown him Ravenel's torn Sunday frock on * the day . of, the duohess'B party, and said that as Miss Annesley oould not go to:the fete for want of a dress, she had gone to the county town with Sir Thomas. ? ' ThiB is tho card Captain Gordon , left for you the day you was out,' it wound up; ' I send it so you may seo it is true. Hor lady ship cut his ring off your neck that day'you know of and gavo me five pounds, to post it to him. I kept the torn oard just to have some-, thing to hold over her. But she didn't care, and sho turned me off. I'm a' dying woman, I feel'it. They'll let me die here j if you'll come over and say you know mo — and, oh Miss Ravenel, do ? como1 and say you forgive mo! Fori saw you at your wedding, and I wake up at nights and seo your face, whioh. was like a dead person's. I don't want mohby. Tho parish oan bury me, only you' to say you did, not mind about Captain Gordon,' j '? I won't go,' thought Ravenel, laying down the letter. ' She always hated me. , She's only doing this to pay Sylvia out. I couldn't see her. I won't let any ono tell me things— or pity mo,' but oven as she said it she know sho would go. She was nevor a good hdter, and tho woman was dying— or thought so. Sho laid the]scraps of card on tlio table and pieced them together. There was ono bit gono; Tho Umbrella must haye' left it in hor. ladyship's rubbish basket. But bIio made out tho pencilled pitifully guarded scrawl, in p'pito of the missing oorner. f 'Doar Miss Aunesloy' (it ran), 'how havo I mifisod you? Didn't you got my letter P I sail to-morrow, but 1 otter moss. Pleaso.' ' 1 'Forgivo hor!' said Ravenol, makingsonse well enough, for sho know tho- missing words aaust havo boon, 'I'll como bdok to- night' and ' moot moj' booauso of Adrian's story of his Useless waiting in tho garden. 'I oau't forgive hor/', 'I don't boliovo I ovor forgavo anything in all my life; or forgot either. I'll Bond hor ? money, but I novor want to sop hor as long as I livO.'; ' ' . A sound atitlio door started hor into saying ' Como: in' before alio swept the patohod card off tho table. It was only Lovallion1, but his , faco grow gray as ho saw her put hor arm ' ''sharply ovor tho, torn card, tlio scrawlod lottor. .Something that lutd boon . on his lips died thoro', and thoro flashed up in his mind liko ari instantdnoOus'photioiDfraph tho memory of Adrian falling in a dojid fa,int under the troos 'and tlio littlo inartieulato, dreadful pry with' which Ravonel had sprung toward him. i. ? 'Aro you coming out P' ho said. ' Thoy' aro waiting, for you, and ho woiit away with out waitingfor an answor. . Her bnck had been to the door, Sho had not seen his face, nor could she dream that outside in the lonely passage he stood for one instant and hid his worn faoo in his hands. The next second he threw into a jar of flowers a scrap of pencilled card Lady Gwendolen had said sweetly was his wife's, ' Lady Lovallion had dropped it.' ' It's not very valuable,' Levallion bad answered, glancing at tho scrap, aud taking ia both sides of it with the quickness habitual to him. But now, whon ho had seen her poring over somo fragments exactly like it, bo cursed his quick oyes and Lady Gwendolen. For on ono side of tho quarter card was ' Gordon — HusBars.' On tho other, ' I'll come back to-night. Meet me. 'A.G.' ' No wonder Ravenel had turned red and torn it up. ' Quid pro quo !' said Lord Levallion slowly. ' It's my turn now, I suppose, hav ing taken a wife instead of borrowing one. But I don't think there'll be any meeting !' He straightened himself, wearily, and went out shooting as if his heart were not like lead. Somehow be had lacked either courage or inclination to tell Ravenel what ho, knew. And Bhe never di'eamed ho would huve listened to the silly, childish story that meant nothing now except to her and Adrian. Sho said, some money to Adams, with a carefully written note to the effect that she' knew of nothiug she had to forgive, since nothing Lady Annesley or hor maid had done had caused her any harm. It waB a lie, of course, but there was nothing else Levallion's Wife could Bay. She breathed freer when it waB gone. But when the shooting party came home Levallion's face somehow worried hor. All the softness was wiped off it; and ho talked as tho old Levallion had been wont to, not tho new. She waited for him in her dressing-' room till the gong wont for dinner, but he never camo. And when he passed her in the drawing-room on his way to give his arm to the duchess, she stopped him. 'Levallion,' sho whispered, her hand on his arm, 'what's the matter? Aren't you well P' ' Porfeotly, thank you,' he said quietly, but he never looked at her. A sudden gust of wicked temper shook him like a leaf; if they had been alone would have broken out in questions that would, have ended in relief; but here before every one made him shake off: her hand as if it had beon a snake — to wish the next Beoond that ho had kissed her before the whole room. For as he looked straight before him he met Lady Gwendolen's amused, insolent eyes, and knew that all ho knew she know also ; and his knowledge of it besides. His lordship went into dinner with the cheerful conviction that at forty-seven he hod made a fool of him self — before people ! And it did not soften hiB heart to his wifo. A curious second light born of strained nerves made him slip away from tho men some ten minuteB after the women had left the din ing room. And Grossing the hall was what ho had expected, Ravenel in a hat and cloak, hurrying to tho sido door. Levallion's heart turned ovor. ' Where are you going P' he said, very quietly. But his hand that caught the arm waB not gontle. ' To — out — the man's waiting ? she gasped, utterly terrified. ' Levallion, don't look at mo liko that! It's a poor woman who sent for mo this morning, and I wouldn't go. She's sent again to-day ; sho isn't dying, but she must see me. .Thought I could go' and be back bofore you came out of the din ing-room. Tho woman knows mo, she used to be Lady Annesloy's maid. Look!' sho hold out a scrawled letter. But no one know better than Lovallion that any lotter might mean anything. He flicked it to tho ground contemptuously. ' ' You have oxoollent reason to go, and see your step-mother'e maid,' lio said j oaroleBB that he betrayed ill-gotten knowloge. ' But I fancy not to-night. You can drive over in the morning. Go bnck ; take off those things ; try and remember that if I was blind other people are not.' His low furious voice carried further than he know, to where, on the turn of the staitfease, Lady Gwendolen Brook stood breathless with laughter. Having seeu the noto delivered which sent her hostess from the drawing-room, it had been a delightful way of passing time to follow her. But sbo had not anticipated anything so amusing as this. ' Lovallion,' said Ravonel,' you've no right to speak to me like this !' She throw off her cloak and hat, aud in all hor white satins faced him, paler than he. 'Now, if the people , you're afraid of do come,' sho whispered con 'tomptuouBly, ' they won't see anything to | amuse them. But listen to mo you shall. Even j though I don't know what you aro suspect ing. Road those.' With a gosturo that was superb she stooped for tho ; letter he had dropped, put it and anothor into his hand ; ' then go outsido to tho boy who's waiting to take me to the farm- houso, and thon toll mo,, if you liko, what yon'ro thinking about me.' ' As you liko.' Ho shrugged his shoulders, having in his day written many a lottor that moant othor things than woro in it. But aB he read his face changed. Thoro was nothing in those lettors but thoir faoo valuo. ' I ' Ravenol,' in tho stillness she hoard the men rising in tho dining-room, hoard a quick rustle of silk on tho stairs and moved sharply round a corner so that bIio was out of sight. But Lovallion was quicker. They stood now in the porch of the side' door, as much alono as in Sahara, and she saw in the dim light that his hard mouth trembled. ' I havo behaved abominably,' ho said with a humiliation that sat ill on him. 'I — I found half a oai;d this morning ; and I heard something you said to Adrian tlio othor night. I thought ? ' ' . ' Hero's tho rostof it. It was six months ago I waB to moot Adrian,' sho answorod simply, for sho know what must have boon on tho card. 'Did you think it was to-night? That I moant to moot anothor man, and stoal out of your houso to do it ?' ' I fool liko Otliollo, whom I always con sidorod an ogrogious ass !' said Lovallion, slowly. You soo it was just what I should have dono, in Gordon's shoos.' Ho slipped card, and lottor into his pookot. To Ravonol's own surpriso, tho toars camo to hor oyes. ' You wouldn't.' sho oriod,|hotly. ' Novor! Why do you ho about yoursolfP You know nothing would mako you do a thing liko that.' Tlio Sun Gloss for Llnon, Prieo, 8d. No mixing with stfiroh. Uflod' dry. Prosoi'vos Linen, aud gives a brilliant Lustra to all starched goods. Lri'soojiij, Chemist, HJgli-Stroofc, -iS G7 ' Nor you either.' Sho had never heard his voice bo slow, so gentle. 'I was a fool to doubt you. But I heai^ — the other night in tho conservatory. I thought yon cared still ; that this — that whon I cared at last, Fate was having its revenge on me. But I know better notv !' Before she could stop him he stooped and kissed the hem of her gown. ' Don't,' she gasped. ' I've been wicked. I thought at first when I found out — for I never found out till I saw tho ring they cut off his finger — and hoard how ho got it — that you had known all Sylvia did.' ' My poor little child' he said soberly. And then wistfully, ' You'll be as happy as you can, won't you. ? I — I try, you know.' ' I'm happy, and I'll be happier,' she answered bravely. 'I — you know Hike you, Levallion ?' For solo answer he held her hand, hard Hope waked in him somehow, loyalty and liking were a good half of the battle. ' Wo ranst go back,' ho said., ' You for give me? I was brutal, but— it cut, you know !' simply. Of her own accord Lady Levallion leaned forward and kissed his cheek; afterwards sho was glad. ' What does this thing mean ?' ho asked with ft look at one of the letters. ' She says she isn't dying, but that she thought to say so might hurry you. What is it that you must know to-night, or it will be too lato ?' ' It can't be anything ! All she can tell mo is dead and gone,' said Ravenel, with shame. ' Oh, Levallion ! I hato your know ing how wicked I was, to worry you — and all that.' 'Hush, hush!' almost roughly. 'Don't talk like that. Look hero, I'll tell you what we'll do ! We'll go over to the farm when the others have gone to bed. The hour won't matter if they're sitting up with her. I'll tell tho boy,' and nothing whispered to him 'go ? now ; now ;' or told Ravenel that Adams lay watching the clock in agonies of terror, as well as the painB of that dying she could not believe in, and said was not true] because all pain had left her. There was a kind of awkwftrd hush when Lord and Lady Levallion entered the drawing room. The duohess had gone away that day,* and her absence had loosened Lady Gwen dolen's tongue. Lord Chayter rushed into tho broach. ' Where's that stuff you were talking of the other day P' he asked Levallion. ' You said it oured headaches,) and I've a most infernal one.' I said it enlivened the soul, if you had one,' dryly. ' It isn't medicine. It's a liqueur, Eau de vie Magique. But I think I drank it all. I don't know whore it is.' 'In your dresBing-room,' Baid Ravenel promptly. 'I'll get it.' There was some thing iu the woman's face that troubled her, something covert in their eyes that she was glad to escape from. Mr. Jacobs arose hastily from a; Becluded corner and followed her out ; and aB ho lumbered affably beside her she never dreamt that her life hung on whether he came with her or not. Five minutes later Bhe wasjback ; panting, white, with startled eyes, a squat (bottle in her hand. ' Have you seen a ghost P' said Levallion, from whore hb stood by tho liqueur stand. ' No !' she gasped — and -she looked as if she had seen murder ! ' Jacobs frightened mo — dreadfully ! He — I think thore must have been a cat.' As she held the bottle out to him it shook in her hand. ' It's a dead cat then,' said Tommy. He rose and went to soo whore Jacobs had gono to, but no one took any notice of his move ments. 'I shall havo to dose you!' said Lovallion lightly. ' Your nerves are all off. There's very littlo here, Chayter. I'd thought thore was more. And it looks muddy !' Ho poured it out and glanced at it. Instead of boing dearly green it was a little clouded. 'Seems off, somehow!'' Levallion sniffed it suspiciously. - ' Smolls of almonds.' He raised tho glass to his lips and tasted it, giving the bottle to Ravenel. ' Levallion !' Her shriek terrified them, born of unreasoning terror, as it was. ' Put it down, don't touch it !' Wildly, frantically, she tried to snatoh thojglass, but she was too lato. Lovallion had meohanioallv swallowed the Btrangoly flavoured mouthful. Ho turned to hor, smiling. ' It's quite spoiled. You've ? ' Tho ompty ' bottle fell from her hand, crashed to atoms on tho floor. ' Levallion,' she screamed, ' speak to mo.' He swayed toward her, hiB handsome face convulsod ; orashed, liko a log, to the floor. As sho sprang to him ho struggled, his tooth olenohed : ' Wo ought to havo gono !' ho gasped. ' Ravonel— she's been — to much for me ! But when sho would havo lifted his head it dropped lifoloss on hor broast. ( To be continued .) 