Central Mission Notes. The collections for the last two weeks have been amongst the best yet given by the Centenary Hall congregation. The balance-sheet will be out in a few days. We are glad to be able to report that for the year just closed the mission has paid its way, and that the old debt has been reduced by a goodly amount. * * * Much special prayer is being offered at the CM. Meetings that the Holy Spirit will direct the English Com mittee of: Selection (the Revs. Hughes, Champness, and Tindall) to choose tlie right man as lay assistant to the Super intendent. * As an illustration of the far reaching influence of this mission it may be mentioned that at the conclusion of Sunday morning's service persons from the following places attended the superintendent's usual reception :— The United States, Japan, Birmingham, Doncaster, Victoria, Queensland, Goul burn, Newcastle, Penrith, Lismore, and many other places. * * * 1899 closed for us amid many scenes of rejoicicing. All the services of last Sunday were memorable times. The Holy Ghost was eminently given in answer to special prayer offered at the Saturday night consecration service. At the morning family service the con gregation overflowed into the gallery. At night the great building was incon inconveniently packed, some had to stand, and others to leave for want of room. At the watchnight service nearly 600 were present. At the prayer meeting, after the even ing service, six or 3even entered the inquiry room, whilst at the Watch-night service nineteen persons rose for prayer. Many of the workers spent nearly the whole day in the work. The following is the record for not a few :— Young Men's Class or parade service, 9.30 a.m. ; Family Service, 11 a.m.; Open-air Service or Sunday School, 3 p.m. ; Adult Bible Class, 4 ; Worker's Tea, 5.15 ; Open-air Service, 6 ; People's Service, ^7.15 ; After meeting, 8.30 ; Watch-night Service, 11. No wonder that many of us felt tired at the end. But, altogether, it was one of the best days we have known in the Mission. ? ?*, ' The Medical Institute opens on the New Year with but three patients. We shall be glad to hear from those anxious about the saving of their friends from the curse of strong drink. One of the most remarkable cases of deliverance from the hellish slavery of morpmne habit we nave met witn may be given as an illustration of the good work of this Institute. A medical man of repute was some week's since brought to us in a state of partial collapse. Another day or two of indulgence would have put him in his grave. So com pletely was he under the spell of morphine and cocaine that he was in the habit of daily injecting thirty grains of the poison. Assiduous care and attention by the Matron and Staff, with scientific treatment by Dr. Parker— our medical adviser — has resulted in his complete restoration. He has recently left us, as bright and hopeful a man as is in Sydney and has commenced practice in a country town. * Another medical man who left the Institute some months since, writes us this week as follows :— ' I am pleased to be able to say that although I was compelled to stay at an hotel for seven weeks after my arrival in this district I never once felt the slightest desire or - craving for any sort of stimulant. I shall always feel a most grateful remembrance of the great kindness shown to me when an inmate of your Medical Institute.' This case was introduced to us by one of the leading temperance workers of Sydney, and has proved in every sense satisfactory. * * * Since our last note, the following Bands of Hope have sent us contribu tions: — Millthorpe £1, Randwick 5/-, Grafton 10/-, Wattle Park £1, Croydon Park 10/-, Mr. G. W. Kilminister, of Tenterfield, has also sent us £1. * * We hope next week to give a eom ? plete list of contributions in cash and kind sent us during the recent Xmas. The C.M.M. Children's Home is this week being removed to the new and beautiful quarters at Croydon. There is great excitement among the children at the prospect. Last Friday Missionary Gilbert gave a ' grand Christmas feast ' to aeamen. The Princes-street hall was crowded. Mr. Gilbert's band of workers gathered together a spread— everything being given — that was good enough for a mansion. After the feast the Misses Lee, assisted by numerous friends, gave a concert, whilst the C.M.M. Superin tendent and a missionary gave addresses to the men. It was throughout a time of great enjoyment. * * Since the lamented decease of the venerable chaplain to the Military and Naval Forces, the Superintendent of the C.M.M. has been acting in his place. He was present at a special meeting of chaplains held at the Chapter House on Friday, and went on board the Warretjal on Saturday to assist in farewelling the A Battery leaving for South Africa. Such Wesleyan soldiers as are with the men will be looked after by the Rev. Mr. Beck, the chaplain selected by bis colleagues to accompany the troops. W. G. Taylor. 