' MUNICIPAL MATTERS. As time draws oil towards nomination day thQovarlous" aspirants lo municipal honours ore beginning to look around them in ear nest. .Already tlie field is 'fairly, full,- and as a', whole there are few coming out on tlie an cient ticket, ..now obscured by a new order of imngs. in" fact, all recognise tlie trutn or J the : statement- that there .Is a necessity for immediate reform, and not .only reform gene rally, bur a sweeping action. To adopt a halGhenrlod measure is suicidal, and whilst there are ninny undecided people hundy, ex hortations to wake -up before it is too late are being seriously considered. It would .be in deed n pity, after all the trouble tlmt lias been 'gone through to, secure a new condition of things, if these warnings passed unheeded, nnd whilst there are no fears absolutely en tertained that such will be the ease, still, as one .candidate put it, it would he as well to be careful. Sydney, snld another, "stinks In the nostrils of humanity," a statement which everybody who heard him did not believe, nor was it a popular assertion nt all,- until he qumllied It by contrast, nnd said It might be thfe "hoihe of the beautiful," ns well ns a city of .palaces and a Joy to all who abided there in. Whereupon, taking this as a personal al-. luslon to the comely appearance of the free and independent electors present, each one said, "hear, hear," hi a most determined manner, meaning, probably, "here, here." But there is a great deal in this sort of ora tory, for not only does It impress Itself upon the minds of .the electors, but it serves to pave the way to more serious statements'. The places of tho old parties who have con cluded pot to come forward any more, having duly acknowledged their defeat, are in some eases being filled, as far as candidature goes, by some going out on the independents' pro gramme, Two are in tlie field already, and aspire to the confidence of the 'electors, as much on a basis of past respectability as pro mises of future conduct. New blood Is occa sionally an acquisition in a body like that of the City Council, and a good many electors favour the Introduction of the new clement, although selected candidates of the Vigilance Committee and Reform Association, do not like lt-as:a -whole. The boys of the Old Bri gade neither like it nor dislike it, for having,: to speak commonly, the alternative of "lump ing it," are. It would sc-em, quite prepared to do so if the occasion arises, and give up -the ghost (the municipal ghost) Willi as much good grace- as is possible under circumstances over which they have no- control. -.There is a good deal of family Influence being exorcised In several places, and in soma of the wards there is such a network of com plicated relationship existing thnt voters are almost compelled ..to put one of a family In whether they like it or not. It Is not held generally as a drawback, but those who are determined upon- pushing for the new order of reform would on the whole prefer things not nearly so "mixed." But It. Is now neces sary to disturb the old order, arid dlBlurb It In a violent manner, quite In keeping with the determination of the new party. "What was good enough for my, father Is good enough for me,", is a saying now, .happily, being heard only Ire. circles. the most Ignorant, and, thanks to the enlightenment of education, It is a cry which will be soon heard no more. GIPPS WARD. There was a large crowd of persons as sembled lust evening at the Federation Hall to - hear Alderman R. G. Watkins, of Kent- street, and Mr. P, Nolan, of Prlnces-Btreet, speak on the subject of the municipal elec tions. Mr. Walter Ives presided. Mr. Nolan, who addressed tho meeting first, pointed out that his knowledge of the requirements of .the ward gave him an advantage, and If they returned liim he would work independent of any clique whatever. He would use the best of his endeavours to do ills duty nnd enforce a like condition of thlngB In others, so that a 'recurrence of pust mistakes would not be hotlced. . The old'state of affairs was now .to give place to a new order cf things, and the interests iif . GIpps Ward should be watohe.d. Amongst other matters which he advocated was the setting apart of a piece of land to erect cottages for working 'men. Alderman Watkins favoured the aj'unchlse extension, giving 10,000 more vote« lo Sydney and 000 itiore to GIpps Ward. He had devoted some three afternoons a week himself to municipal matters, and was prepared to do It again. The evening sittings of the council' were fa voured by him to admit of an attendance ot workers, who could not get. away of an afternoon. He believed that as soon as the debentures fell due they should be refloated at the same rate ns the country paid for its loans: -He would extend the sinking fund, rind -look after GIpps Ward In particular, the "Rocks" Iprop'erty claiming special . atten- 'tloil;" '-Mr. -R. 0. Meagher,' M.LlAV, with others, spoke, and a vote of. confidence was passed in, the . candidates. V ' ' LANG WARD. Mr 'J. J. Power, the selected reform candi date for Lang Ward, last evening held a ineet- irig at the Vicar of Wakefield Hotel, Darling Harbour.. -There was a good' attendance. Mr. Power., who has already explained his views -on the" subject of reform, stated that he was fully alive, to the necessity which existed for a decided change taking place in Ihe conduct of the City Council. Nobody could dispute the fact that there was plenty of room for re form everywhere. He had made a. study of the accounts of the council, and had come to the conclusion that they were in a state of complete muddle, which required considerable looking into. He ndvocated the enforcement of the Public Health Act, and reconstruction of that department, appointment of a sanitary committee, establishment of free baths, and many other matters of a like nature. Awote of confidence was Accorded him on concluding. Mr A. D. Nelson, M.L.A., occupied the chair, arid Messrs. E. M. Clark and H. D. Meagher, M.'sL.A., also spblte Mr.' J.. J. Power will speak at the Federal City Hotel, Sussex-street, at 8 o'clock this evening, and at 9 o'clock at M'Alister's Hotel, George and Liverpool streets. FLINDERS WARD. Mr. Robert Mackey, J.P., who lias come for ward on the popular local basis, will address the electors to-night at the Carrlngton Grounds Hotel, Bourke and Arthur streets. Mr. Edward C. V. Broughton lias announced his Intention ot holding another meeting this evening at the Carrlngton Grounds Hotel, cor- ner of Bourke and Arthur streets. The candi date, who held a most .successful meeting on Tuesday night, will again explain his views upon the subject 'of the reform of tlio City Council, and a course to he followed in tho future. BELMORE WARD. Mr. J. D. Fitzgerald liris alrendy held seve ral successful meetings'. In ' Belmore Ward, at different plnceB, and, although he. was not in netlve order Inst evening, his committee wns, 'rind lie Intends to -keep things going up to election time. . , , MACQUARIE -WARD. Mr.' William Cary continues to notify his In tention of coming forward In the Interests of the ratepayers of Macquarie Ward upon an open and a liberal bnsiB. ' ' PHILLIP WARD. 'Alderman T. H. Barlow lias announced his ilitentlun of seeking re- election at the hands of the voters. of Phillip Ward, and relies upon past services, a. goud deal -to keep liim up In the favour of the electors. , Alderman John Harris Is ''again a candidate for Phillip Ward , ut the. forthcoming elec tions, and. seeks the. Interest of ttlie voters by reason of the strong position lie held In the pnst, und the- workVdone by him for his muni cipal- division. Ho Is fully Alive' to the neces- slty.for reform, and tho giving of the council extended power. FITZUOY WARD. .MtvR. H. Levien, M.L.A., last evening ad dressed the electors of- Fltzroy Ward from the Revolving Battery Hotel, Doivllng-Bireet, Woolloomooloo. There- -was a large , attend ance, and the candidate was frequently ap plauded during the. course of the delivery of Ills discourse. . On the liberal basis he again urged upon, those present tho noccsstty, which existed for 'the Immediate reform of the City Council, a body which liud- -begun to grow., mouldy for want of activity, and showed linw the opportunity \yas . at - hand for- bringing about a better state of things so that Sydney jjuttui in u very nitic wnie ue a cuy or which they might all be pi'oud, . The Public Health Act required Immediate attention, the sani tary matters of Sydney should be placed in the hands of a committoe; the . slum areas, should be got rid of, the city lit by electricity, the control of public parks should be vested in the City Council, which 'should have extend ed powers in many other. respects. ' He was. frequently applauded, and received a unani mous vote of confidence nt the conclusion of his remarks. Alderman John Norton, M.L.A., supported Mr. Levien, whom' he spoke of ns about the best man they could put In fur the ward. . He moved a' vote of confidence, in.- the candidate, which was carried. ' Mr. ThomaB Slmooe occupied tlio chair. . COOK WARD, Mr. J. G; Griffin, the suburban representa tive of the Water and Sewerage Board, noti fies elsewhere that ho Becks the favour of the electors as a candidate for Cook Ward. 