Personal. " I must have liberty Wfthal, as targe a charter as the wind, To h'ow on whom I please." It is practically certain that the war correspaudent UaleB, mentioned in Monday's cables as having been captured by the Boers is A. G. Halea (" Brniler "), who is representing at the front the London " Daily News" and the Kalgoorlie " Sun," besides the ARGONAUT. " Smiler " wus ever a dare-devil, aud the news that he has fallen foul of the Boers hardly comes as a surprise. But if there is a ghost of a chance of escape, we are ready to bet Hales will be b:<c» in the British camp in the shortest possible time after the chan<e presents itself. If the opportunity to "slope" doetn't come along we are auite prepared to hear that *• Stniler'' will be bossing Kruger iind the rest of 'em, and generally running the whole Pretoria show on his own inside three mouths. No man on eartli can aiiapthim6elf to circumstances like " Smiler." For our readers' (and, incidentally as it were, our own) sake, we should be sorry if his letters from the front should cease after those now on the way out have come to hand. " Stniler" has, so far, sent some of the very best war stuff that has con.e to Australia from her press boys in the 'Vaal—the only man of the crowd on a level with him being that other unfortunate, Donald Macdonald, of the Melbourne " Argus," who is at present locked up in Ladysniith. # # # The Hon. H. W. Venn addressed his constituents at Harvey on Friday last. There were SEVEN people in the hall! « * # At the reception to Arthur Richardeon, the record-breaking cyclist, at the Esplanade Hotel a few days ago, the Ptemier, who presided, unconsciously made a remark that the promoters of the overland ride could not let pass unchallenged. In eulogising Richardson's greiit feat, Oom John attempted to emphasise the difficulties of the undertaking by stating that *• no doubt the biaycle broke down several times during the trip." This brought the interjection from Mes-rs Armstrong and Mather (representing the promoters) that the bicycle came through the ordeal unscathed, and Richardson also backed up their remarks. " What!" exclaimed Sir John, with an astonished air, " not a single break F "Well, then, it must be a wonderful machine." This n.ade the promoters smile, and all drank their fizz peacefully. * * # There is a Captain Rougeuiout fighting with the Boers in S'Africa. Wonder if—no ; surely not! # # # Dr. Ingoldby, the Albany medico who has thrown up a highly remunerative practise to accompany the Bushmen's Contingent to South Africa, is one of the most popular residents of the coastal town. He formerly held the position of Government Medical Officer, in which he has been succeeded by his erstwhile partner, Dr. Robinson. Dr. Ingoldby is a benedict, his wife remaining at Albany. # # # SPECS : Poor Lambie—the fjrst Australian pressman to die at the front! He was a rattling good sort and a fine allround newspaper man with a specialty in military set ibbling. It's safe to say there wasn't a cheerful pressman in all the Australian capitals the day the news came through. That's saying much. Before he went he promised his wife this would be his last # war # job. * It was. The stern old President of the Transvaal is the "dark horse" of Europe. It is interesting to know what Bismarck said of him some years ago. Some one wished to give the Iron Chaucellor the first place among the diplomatists of Europe. Ah !" said he, " the first—no, no. In the beginning Cavour had more finesse, more subtlety, greater gifts of diplomacy than I. There is, though, one man far away beyond Cavour or myself. That is President Kruger. He has not a powerful army behind him, a formidable Empire to support him ; he is alone with a little people of peasant soldiers, but by his sheer ability he has been a match for us all. I have had converjations with him," Baid Bismarck, " and he has amazed me." * # * Private M. Conway, the member of the W.A. contingent "who migrated to Shadowland this week in South Africa, was at one time employed on the advertising staff of "Clare's Weekly" and "Sunday Chronicle" (now defunct). He afterwards joined the Perth Fire Brigade. Conway was a native of Victoria, and about 30 years of ace. ^ • * • A delicious story pf an interview between Piesident Kruger and the Duke of Abercorn should not be unrecorded, inasmuch as the accuracy of the stoiy can be vouched for on the authority of a Minister of the Crown. Conversation was carried on by an interpreter. "Tell the President," Baid the Duke, " that I am the Duke of Abercorn." Kruger nodded his knowledge of the fact. " Tell him I am Chairman of the South African Chartered Company." An assenting nod from the Presideht apprised his Grace that his "Honor" was uware of that interesting connection. "Tell him," said the Duke, " that my father was tne Viceroy of Ireland, the representative of Her Most Gracious Majesty in that country." At length the President grew communicative. "Tell liini," said President Jvruger, "that my father was a shepherd." Briton and Boer ! « * * An Eastern paper reports that " Kute Kelly, sister of Bushranger Ned, ilrowned herself lately in the Lachlan How nhout thiit yarn which said Kate 8iiw tht 1 late production of "The outlaw Kelly" * at the * P.-rth # Koyal. Algernon Swinburne is hard at work on a new dramatic poem. Printed i hat he is as deaf as a post, very bald, and lias beautiful hands. He lives with his old friend, Theodore Watts-Duiiton, author of " Aylwin," at Putney. • * # W. T. Goodge ngain : " The present war is nothing but traps ami kops." * # # Yarns about poor A. G. Taylor are now flying round. "Alas, poor Yoriek, ) knew him well, Horatio, a fellow of infinite jest," says Hamlet. "Amen," echoed poor A. G. Taylor, when the late Marry Cargill, the " Kulletib's" " Dipsomaniac," exclaimed, " When Idie let people say anything about me except the commou- place 'He was no one's enemy but his own.'" The late Harold Grey had previously said the same thing. And when the three passed away it is just what everyone said. » * # John Burns, the 'Ome M.P., is coming out to Australia on a lecturing tour. Much Travelled Smythe is going to pilot him. * * # Dicky Hayues, or, as the " British Australasian" titles him "The Hon. diehard 8. Haynes. M.L.C., Q.C. (W.A.) " has recently returned to the big smoke Hfter a howling time with his friends in the Ould Sod. Report BHith that the Hon. Uichaid S. Haynes, M.L.O., Q.C. (W.A.), is enjoying things immensely down under. * # « Eugene Turpin, the well-known inventor of lyddite and other explosives, has, says the "Avondpost," tendered a letter to the president and committee of the Peace Conference, in which he protests against the infringement of his patent rights re his invention of the explosive "lyddite." In nearly every country his explosive has been brought into use, for which he has never received compensation. Others have made fortunes out of it at hiB expense, and he considers the various governments responsible for the injustice done to him. He addresses the Peace Conference because through his labors aB legards explosives and other war material he has indirectly been the means of holding mi International Conference, which had in view to arrive at either an entire or a partial disarmament, and to replace war, with its terrible consequences, by arbitration. Eighteen years ago already—in May 1882— lie wrote a memorandum which was presented to the Academy of Science in Paris, containing the following :—" To reach the greatest possible perfection in inventing i lie means for dest ruction, in order to make every means of defence illusionary, wou d produce the surest means of preventing war." Turpin is consequently of opinion that he has rendered a great service to humanity by making war almost impossible. * * # The " West " got a bit mixed :iliout the late Private Conway's family • 'U Wednesday, it said:— " Pr vate Conway was the only son in a family of five . . ." Then Inter: " A telegram was despatched to Private Conway's brother at Wagin. . . ." Again : "At the present t-iuie his (Conway's^ mother resides at Elaternwick, near Mel" t'ourne. . . ." Then later : . . . " requesting him to convey the news to his (Conway's) mother and four histera, who live at Brighton, Victoria." # # # Harry Wainscott, late Official Receiver, and the man who got flistically foul of Jenkins, M.L.C., at Coo'gnrdie some t me ago, recently ran a dog show at Mt. Malcolm. Some tnen climb to fume—aud others tumble to it. Sir Alexander Onslow may be seen every day, either biking or walking in the Perth Park. The Premier thinks that the Chief Justice takes too much violent exercise. Probably he thinks the legal knight is too classical in his proportions, and should develop the exceeding circumference which is the sign manual of the successful politician. Day visitors to the City of Perth the Dusty will be interested to know that in the City Markets there is a public lavatory where they remove the adhering dust particle* under very characteristic conditions. Writer and friend innocently underwent the experience recently, and having undergone it, will carefully avoid the place until a reasonable amount of improvement is given to its conduct. The following suggestions are' offered free and freely to the management responsible for the mismanagement:— 1\. That more than one towel be provided in the public lavatories. ThiB for two reasons. The caretaker of the establishment dislikes the use of his towel by the great unwashed common herd, and the general public dislikes to employ th« wet clammy clout the oaretaker callB his towel. 2\. That a clean brush be partnered with the unclean comb (by courtesy) in order that the caretaker and the public may add the touch and finish to his and itB benign appearance. 3\. That the authorised fee for the use of laundry, soap, caretaker's clout and instrument—for politeness' sake called a comb—be posted up conspicuously, since the gentleman in charge seems uncertain of the value of the services he and his primitive plant render, his sliding scale varying with the gullibility of the public. 4\. That someone of more exalted official position than the Caretaker of Lavatories firmly impress upon this gentleman that a certain amount of courtesy is to be expected from one in his position and that only his grey hairs give him immunity from the chastisement he deserves.— TRULY- RURAL. In writing of the Household Cavalry, one of the " toffiest" regiments in the British army, " Banjo " Paterson says that when a single shell fell among them "somewhat of a j anic set in. The unhorsed men ran after their coihrades, but these latter were very much in a hurry to get home, and did not care to wait." The men left their unhorsed commander to the mercy of the Boers, and he was taken prisoner. An officer's outfit in this hawhaw regiment costs .£1000. The ordinary Tommies at the front call the Household Cavalry — "the Featherbeds" — and it sounds as tho' they deserve it. A certain editor lost two subscribers by an act of his own carelessness, and this i* how it came about. They wrote to ask MB remedy for • heir respective troubles. No. 1\. a happy father of twins, wrote to inquire the best way to get them over their teething; and No. 2 wanted to know how to protect his orchard from mytiads of grasshoppers. The editor framed; bis answers upon orthodox' lines, but unfortunately transposed the inquirers' two names, with the result that No. 1, who was blessed with twins, read in reply to his qnery, " Cover them carefully with straw and set fire to Ihem, and the little pests «fter jumping about in the flames for a few minutes, will speedily be sett-led." No. 2, plagued with grasshoppers, was told, "Give a little castoroil, and rub their gums gently with a bone ring." A Melb. young lydy, proprietress of a saveloy tavern, rpjoices in the cognomen of Weenie Celia Fieldflowers Goe Buttercup Baker. It only remains to add that s=he is about to marry a Chinaman, probably with the idea of adding the surname of Fat Cow or Wun Hi to her little list. Even the Japs, appreciate the value of printer's ink. The Mikado'B Government has appropriated £8000 to be expended in advertising in America the merits of Japanese tea. The angular shemale on this continent who looks from her cold spinsterhood with envy at her plump sister wirh theporam. has only herself to blame. A contemporary informs us that there tire 250,000 more men than women in Australia. The Apothecaries Co. import by weekly mail from .London, thus ensuring the freshness and efficacy of their drugs.* —AS TON LIKK IT. 