A T T.A C K ON PROTESTANTISM. PROTESTANT PROTEST Great Meeting in Sydney SVDNKY, Sepleinbcr 25. The Town' Hall was filled to overflowing ,last night, and hour before the Protestant pro lei! meeting commenced. Resolutions were carried condemning llie liciion of Ihe Gorernor and Mayor of Sydney for officially attending the celebr.il irm of high mass nl St. Mary's Cathedral, protesting ncainst ArchhishoD Red wood's published attack en Protestantism, and calling on the Roman Catholic authorities fora retraction. It was decided to forward copies of the motions to the Governor, the 'Mayor, and the Secretary of slale for the Colonies. TheHon. G. II. Reid, addressing ihe meeting referred lo Archbishop Redwood's slatementi as a vile calumny. The Minister fur Public instruction condemned the a'.lack on. Protes- tants. Several thousands were unable to gain admission, and an overflow meeting was held in Pitt-street Congregational Church, where thesame resolutions were passed. ' . /[The following is the full text of tht passages that drew forth the protest : — ; ' Look out for sanctity in those separate sects. I speak not of individuals, but. of systems. The authors of the Greek schism, Photius, in the ninlh century, and Michael Cerularius, in the eleventh, had no motive for their separation hut blind ambition and hist of power. The leaders and founders of Protest anlism — Luther, Galvin, Zwtnglius, &c;— were notorious for their vices. Among the Greek schismatics the clergy are badly trained for their sacred functions, and live in a state of pitiful subjection and contempt ; they receive little or no consideralion or respect from the* people, and they neither spread not fulfil the Gospel leaching. Among Protestants the most effectual means of sanctiRcalion have disappeared ; abstinence, fasting, mortification, confession, communion, etc., etc. Both the Greek .chism and Protestantism have rather obstructed than promoted true civilisation The first has brought despotism on the East, the second covered Europe with blood nnd ruins in the sixteenth century, and has ever since been the helper and instrument of the worst foes of Chriitianity. It desecrated the home, it polluted tke nuptial bcd.it lowered the dignity of womanhood, it devastated the school, and stopped the progress of science. In fine, neither Protestants nor Greek schis matics have shown that the action of Ihe Hol- Ghost is with them. No examples of heroic virtues, no sainls in their ranks at all compar able to the martyrs and missionaries of the Catholic Church ; and they have never been able to obtain the sanction of a miracle for their work and their doctrine. / As a matter of lact the words complained of, though they were contained in the manuscript of Archbishop Redwood's sermon, were not nttered in the Cathedral, but they were pub luhed by a section of the Press as if they had been actually delivered. Archbishop Redwood explained to a Sydney Press interviewer 'The passages were entirely and purposely omitted in deference lo ihe presence of of the Governors. I was anxious not to introduce any controversial maiter on account of the mixed character of my audience. But they were included in the discourse as I had origin ally written it, and as I would have delivered it to a purely Catholic audience in other circum stances I did not think it necessary to take it out pf the praof sheets which I handed .to the Press. But as I say, the werds complained of were not uttered by me in Ihe Cathedral— as is to be seen by the ' Daily Telegraph ' report.' 