. 1 ,/ ?. ? .; -'. ? ? s {By JJL i NtlR&LAN; SILVER.) CHAPTER XXUL-ME. MORTON ICJEAVESTOWN. .Some tew days after the events detailed In .me preceding chapter, Mr. Morton went out or town. Of this unexpected move on his part the Fernyhoughs received but curt no tice; Mr. Joseelyn Barnard knew nothing about it until he had sroiie. - The reason why Mr. Morton temporarily abandoned his comfortable rooms in Quetta , street was ^t least curious. The startling death of Gladys Tangye had ? nlled the weekly and illustrated papers with gossip about the Platinum King his wealth his habits, and his history. In one of these many paragraphs Mr. Mor ton happened to read a glowing description of t Bobert Tangye's beautiful country house at Haelirigden, in Berkshire; its galleries of priceless pictures, its magnificent conservato ries, its lawns, parks, and famous avenue of elms. When Mr. Morton finished reading this flat tering account, he had glanced up over the top of his 'Sketch' at the open windows of his parlor. It was a glorious day, balmy and cloudless. But the sunshine that lit up Mr. ? Morton's pale face fell upon a stern and gloomy countenance. He was thinking how proudly Robert Tangye's heart must swell within him at the sight of Haslingden Priory 'lying -under that summer sky. 'Xong ago, when Edward Calvert had Iain down to sleep on the bald hilltop in Eastern . Russia by the outcropping vein of virgin pla tinum, to dream of his darling Millie and 'the kid,' his thoughts had planned for them just such a sleek and splendid retreat. If Ed ward Calvert, the duped; the bereaved, the ^ruined partner of Robert Tangye, had cast away his luckless name and become 'Mr. Morton,' the wealthy and mysterious lodger of the Fernyhoughs. Mr. Morton had not for gotten the hopes, ' the sufferings, and the hatreds of Edward Calvert. Moved 'by an impulse that he did not trou ble to fathom, he packed a portmanteau and drove to Paddington. The same afternoon he took up his quarters at the Saracen's Head in the drowsy village of Haslingden. After dinner he walked over to the Priory, entering the park easily without let or hind rance. It was indeed a beautiful example of an Ji.ngiisn country home, a picturesque med ley of Tudor and Georgian, softened and en riched by time. Stately avenues, backed by dense plantations, stretched away in everv di rection, the peacock strutted on iiliinirable * velvety lawns, and the fallow deer grazed in the shade of wide-spreading and isolated trees. Peace brooded over all like an unspoken ? blessing, and the July sun lingered in the west to gild it with a dying splendor. But .the man Morton stood and cursed it from the depths of his lonely heart. . For two or three hours he wandered about *he grounds, noting -with a jealous apprecia tion their placid grace and trim yet varied beauty. At length the moon got up over the tall elms, and made of Hasliugden Priory a Wonderful nocturne in blue and silver. The man Morton could bear the sight of his enemy's prosperity no longer. He turned and hurried back to the inn. Whence chimes of ...the grey church by the old hostelry tolled mid , night, he was sleeping restlessly in a lavender ecented chintz-curtained bed. Not many moments later he stirred and sat up, brushing his white hair from his lined -forehead with Lis delicate hands. After a long \- pause of apparent meditation, he dressed him ? ^elf rapidly but noiselessly. The blind at the .Small window had not been lowered, and the room was flooded with the rays of the sum mer moon. _The man Morton glanced about him keenly. There were matches on the candlestick. He .slipped them into his pocket, and opened the \- door. The house was very stilJ. He crept -downstairs— no ghost could have moved with more absolute silence. At the entrance to the bar lie paused, went, in, and. aided by the ; moonlight, made a hasty search. What he wanted was soon found— a bottle of brandy, almost full. He tossed some on ' . Jto the floor, struck a match noiselessly on his , coat-sleeve, and put it to the spirit, it blazed tip at once. He set a fnnt mi n nn^ *«-«„ guished the flame. \- 'Pretty good,' he muttered to himself, and jhid the bottle under his coat. A hinged window at the back of the bar parlor gave him an exit to a side of the inn that lay in deep shadow. He drew it to after 'him, crossed the road stealthily, entered the park of the Priory, and began to run wirh the epeed of a deer. For another hour the little hamlet of Has . lingden slept in the perfumed calm of the July night. Then a figure darted out of the Pnory grounds, stole to the side of the inn and disappeared at the window that had been left ajar. There was no sound- of a footstep on the uneven stair, no whine of the ancient baluster, but the door into the man Morton's ^oom was closed cautiously. A few hurried motions, and once more the small bed with the curtains of chintz had its occupant. Once again all was still, save for the stertorous breathing of the slunibering landlord on the floor above. Suddenly there came a loud knocking at the front door of the Saracen's Head. Long and thunderous was the knocking, and did not cease untjl a sleepy pot-boy- tumbled down to answer it. A man stood without in the moonlight— a man with flushed face, dishevelled hair and scant breath left in him. 'Priory's afire!' he gasped, 'and blazing like the pit! Send up all you can to pass -buckets, and be quick about it, for the Lord's cake!' A. struggle to get his wind, and he was off ftgain down the eloping street. The startled barman roused the house, and the stairs shook vturam me uauip or Clumsy DOOtS. A door opened amid the din. It was that of Mr. Morton's room. 'What's up out there?' he cried. 'Can't you let your guests sleep in peace?' . 'Better come and lend a !hand instead of . deeping,' was the landlord's crisp retort; 'the Priory's ablaze from roof to ground-sill!' . The man Morton started back into his room. ... 'Great heaven!' he whispered, 'have my Curses wings?' ? CHAPTER XXIV— WHAT WAS SAVED FROM THE PRIORY. A moment only -lid Mr. Morton stand amaz teS upon the threshold of the lavender- scented bedroom at the Saracen's Head. No one had heard the strange cry with which he had greeted the landlord's announcement that Hae lingden Priory— the splendid country-seat of the Platinum King— was 'ablaze from roof to ground- sill.' As he etopd there the heavy boots of the last pot-boy clattered' down the trembling stair -aae, rattledupon the. flagstones of the inn.^ lobby, and died away upon the Toad. Except for its £|artled women-folk hurried ly dressing themselves and the mysterious guest in the bedroom ovter the jbar, the Sara joeriV Head was empty. Mr. Morton -went icT the TvMKlbw and looked pnt Over the way *he Erjtory woods rose ,iip, Ifphispering in the iincerialn; wind. Behind them a riiddy^jglow was. thrown .skywards. Mr. Morton raised the /window and took- a deiep breath of -the night. air. It stung Ms nostrils sharply with the bitter flavor- of burnt wood.. He ehut the sash and began to dre^ss; Mniself. This. .done, he pat onnhis- overcoat and soft straw ? hat -and went, 'deliberately Across to the scene cf the fire. - 'As ae breathless messenger to fhe Saracen's Head jjad ^marked, the.-Pi^ory was indeed 'flaming like .the pit.' ' ? i-' ?? ? ??'? ?-?? . ' In the uncertain light a handful of men ran to and fro, carrying out such odds and ends of furniture as they could secure, and dumping them haphazard upon tiie dewy lawn. From the gleaming pile of the Priory to the ornamental ' lake on the* right of the house two shadowy lines of figures were ranged face to face, and along these lines, as cars pass on the wires of a mining railway, there passed and re-passed a seoi'e of buckets— zinc, tin, wood, iron— all sorts and sizes, hastily beaten up from every quarter of the hamlet. Splash, splash, splash! went the buckets at one end of the file, churning the quiet lake in to foam and scaring the carp and the eels; his-s-s-s! like ten thousand snakes at the other. Up one line came the dripping pails, literally flung from hand to hand, then back again down the other row of strong minis and eager fingers. Matrons were helping and young girls. The water in the lake was sink ing inch by inch. Mr. Morton surveyed this moving picture in black and red, yet did not offer his assistance. In -the excitement no one noticed him, and he strolled round the blazing Priory, keeping in the shelter of the trees which encircled it, and calmly noting all that was going on. In the rear of the Priory itself, and built up against it, was a compact block of offices. Here the dense smoke from the burning house rolled low upon the ground. Mr. Mor ton paused ou the edge of the suffocating cloud. Suddenly there came to his ears the wild and quivering shriek of a terrified horse. The solitary figure in the smoke started uneasily. The shriek came agan, others blending with it— an awful fanfare of horror and alarm. 'Poor brutes— poor brutes!' said Mr. Mor ton. He took out his handkerchief, rolled it on the dewy grass to wet it, bound it over his mouth and nostrils, and strode into the smoke. The stable doors were ajar; a couple of grooms dashed out as he came up. 'It's no goGd!' cried one; 'the beasts are mad with fear, and the air's deadly!' Mr. Morton pushed him on one side and en tered the building, opening a stout dagger knife that fastened with a slide. In the first stall a fine black hunter, its halter-cord as tight as a bowstring, was screaming like a woman. As he approached it, it plunged siekeningly against the wooden partition; he leaped in at the other side, caught its mane, lashed at the halter-cord, which parted with the twang of a hawser, then, clenching his powerful left hand, he dealt the creature a blow across the face which made it snnrr with alarm. The pain in front— for Mr. Morton's fist was of iron— overcame the fear behind, and the brute backed precipitately out of its stalL Then, sniffing the air from the open door, it bolted towards it and passad out. Mr. Mor ton went to the next compartment. There were seven horses in the building, and when he had freed the last the flames were bursting through from the Priory into the range of stalls. The air was indeed deadly, and he was only able to stagger to the door before dropping in a heap— three parts suffo cated. Tha astonished grooms carried him into the purer air of the plantation, and gave him brandy, neat. He lay back, grimy with smoke and streaming with perspiration' while the men praised him with tears in their eyes. 'Mr. Tangye will be beholden to you, sir, for saving Blackboy,' said the groom with the brandj bottle. 'He's the best hunter hi the county, sir, and worth a mint of money, be sides being Mr. Tangye's special pet.' 'Curse Blackboy and your master, both,' retorted Mr. Morton, pettishly; 'give me some more brandy.' 'An' that little bay, sir,' chimed in the stable hand, against whose knee the patient was leaning, 'was Miss Gladys's saddle horse. Her pa wouldn't ha' lost that for sumniat. He sets a power o' store by anything that was hers.' 'Lift me up,' commanded Mr. Morton, 'and don't chatter. One of you help me across to Tiie inn — wJiars jrs confounded name — the Saracen's Head. I'm half choked here.' . A couple of willing helpers guided him across the lawn and the fringe of woodland. As he passed the end of the Prioiy the roof fell in, sending millions of sparks into the pale ' sky, streaked with the wan light of the com ing day. They put him to bed at the ancient inn, and waited on hini reverently, for the grooms painted his heroic exploits in vivid colors, and all hearts warmed to him who had saved Robert Tangye's horses from that roaring oven over at the gutted Priory. But Mr. Morton only snarled at their admiration. 'It's the smoke.' said the landlord, who had returned to his bar with a bost of amateur— and thirsty! — firenien. 'Makes 'em irritable like. And no wonder; Jiizman lung.s weren't intended for chimneys; I reckon I've gat a pound or two of soot in mine.' (To be continued.) 