TIHE MAPLEWOOD MYSTERY. It was callhd iMtaptlewool. There were one lhu-!:tarld nd fifty acres in the estate-one hundceld acres of- ilai and fifty acres of water -in a fbt.ulifiula lk'S upon the northern shore of wn'ie. b:ackeed by a forest of huge maples sto.d the a:n:,.ion.. ata.ila iiph Severns" had lived in the manu-o 1111til he died. ie had. never married \--o,, at leriast, lie had never had a wife in this c Wattry -alud t1h., only nmembers of his house Ihol fwhosa he ha I admittte?l to shore at all in his c eanpaniositip had bcift Seth and Hester" D,1alny-the twoaervant. who had been with fron from the beginning. Upon his dlcath-hed, contrary to gcncerl expectation, Captain Italph had rememnibered a si-ter, and to this sistm and her heirs lie had willed hi: estate. She was a widow naumed Athle Ian. Sllh camtte to Mail,;ewood, tinfiging with her an oinly daughler. But Imrs. At heaton did not rennin at Mfaplewood a ,nathi. She got frightened nat strange things which uitppined there, and moved away; and cre long the died. Ami so ?1aplewioo: came to- be thceprop erty of Lillie Atherton, her daughter. But Lillie would not go live there. She le, old SetIh and Hester Dabney hold the place in charge, to finl tenants if possible. Pal tiea came and hired tle mansion, but they did not remain. Captain Severns had been dead three yearn. and fdlly a score of.people had tried to l ieY at?+, pl2wooti),and _fid.fatitl"whent my attention was attracted by the beauties of the place. I ihal just come hone, and had promised my wife that I would try and settle idown. lily wife and Miss Atherton were friends, and it was partly through this friendship that I was led to Maplewood. Lillie shook her head and advised me not to go. She told me candidly that it was hlaunted. She had hierslf seen and heardl inst frightful things there. But I was determined to make the trial. And so, with a letter from Lillie, we pre sented ounrelves at Maplewood. I found old Dabney to be a man of 60, or thereabouts," and his wife of the same age. They were meek and humble, and seemed anxious to serve me. Iri fact, Seth was altogether too meek. He had evidently schooled himself into the character. His face was cunning and sinister. Besides Seth and Hester, I found dwelling at laplewood Peter Dahncy and hisewife. Peter was a young man of five-and-twenty, and his wife was an innocent-looking woman, with the appearance of a household drudge. Old Dabney shook his ]head with mysteri ous solemnity when I told him I had hired the place,'and said lie hoped I might be able to do what others had not done. I asked Seth how hs and his wife had managed to remain there; and he replied that he had hound himself by an oath to Captain Ralph that he would remain and care for the mansion while he lived. " And.how," I sked, " does your son and his wife manage to stand it?" " My boy," answered Seth, with a sigh, " stays for his poor mother's sake." Could I have had my own way, under the impressions which forced themselves upon me, I should have turned old Dabney and his family out before I moved in; but that could not be done, as it had been a condition of Captain Ralph's will that Seth and Hester should find a home beneath the roof while they lived. So the Dabneys were permanent fixtures. On our first night at iMaplewood we were kept up until very late. It was almost mid night before our beds had been set up, and while the servants were at work in that de department my witfe Molly and myself worked at our library. The clock had just struck twelve when Peter's wife-her name was Lucy- looked in and informed us that the chamber was arranged. I was hanging a picture, and wished to finish it before I left it. Molly's dressing-ease was in a small room upstairs, and shie said she would run and get it. She took a candle and went. i had finished my work. and had just folded tlp my step- ladder when my wife came rush ing in, with her candle extinguished. and as she dropped her dressing-case upon the floor I caught her in my anus. She was pale and frightened. As soon as she could spnak I heard ler story. Shie had gone to the room and got her case. and as site reached the head of the staircase on her return shite had hePn upon the land ing at her right a female figure robed in white, with blood upon its ashen face, and with dabs of blood upon its drapery. The spectre waved its hand andl said to her in an awful whisper: " Woman, there is a curse upon this house, and upon all who follow in the footsteps of italpih Severns! " Surely this was not a pleasant opening; but I urged upon my wife she had not been harmed, and, furthermore. that a respectable ghost would have appearel to me rather than to her. "It was cowardly," I told her, "to frighten a woman when there was a man in the house." And I kissed her and a.-ke? her if she would wait until I had seen the spectre. She said she should not fear while I was near her. It was half-an- hour after midnight when we retired.-The chamber which we had selec ted was the pleasantest one in the mansion a large, square room, with a deep bay win dow looking down upon the lake. I left a small lamp burning upon the dressing- table, andl. Ibeing very tired, I fell asleep soaon. IHosw long I had slept I cannot say. but I saa aw-akened by my wife, who -was clinging to me infrighlt. As I awoke I heard a low moaning, as of somleose it dlistress: and pre sently a whisper, as though tihe speaker were close to my car: " A curse is upon this house, and upon all swho woull follow in the footsteps of Ralph Severns! IBeware! " Thie lamp had been extinguished, and while the foregoing words were being whis pered the aipartment waos pervatdedl by a nul phurous, wavering glare-and presently a female figure appeared at the foot of the bed. It swas surely nothing of human mould, for it stood upon the air, and as I sat up I could see its feet treading empty space on a level with the bed-frame! Thie figure bowed its hwal, and mielted awsay into air. As soon as I coullt collect my scattered senses I broke fromt my wife's grasp and leapeld out upon the floor, an very quickly ligihtled lthe lamp. The doors were fast locked-as I hadl left them; the windows had not been touched; the ihangings were all in tact. If my wife had held the reins of direction we should have packeld up in the morning and loeft; for she was not only convinced that fshe had seen a bona-tide ghost, but qhe be lieved that the terribla, visitation would be repeated so long as we remained baneath tiae roof. But I was net to be dlriven off so easily. Thefiguretwhich I had -sen in our chamber was but a shadlow-- I knew thalt. But whence camne it ? Iy wife thought, from the land of spirits; but I did not. In the morning old Dabney made it his butiness to ask me ahow I hlid rested. I told hima I had Seen seriously disturlbed; and I gave him to understand that if the spirits of Capltatin Severn's lleparted victims awished to i-tiebit tihe place, I should leave. 1 could see by the oll man's face, as he tuniedl atway. that he was satisfied. It was a very slight token whiclh his face gave, but it was a key to the mystery. As soon as I could get away by myself I went up into our chamber, taking with me a hammer and a chisel. Around the chamber was a high oaken wainscot, and this I proceeded to sound with my hammer, and very soon I found a place opposite the foot of the bed which gave a hollow sound. Xever mind the details of my Pearch. It occupied time, but I esuceeded in the end. I found entrance into this last named place from the cellar. nod there I found what I had anticipatedl--a powerful argand-bhtrner with a polished concatve re flector; two large mirrors set at a proper angle for throwing uclnection upwards; and." directly in the line of this rctlcction was the' sliding panel in tile wainscot of my cham her. 1 also found a long white robc; and it was no longer ia mystery how the ghostly spectacle had been prodziced. I found speak ing tubes leading upward. and upon return ing to my. chamber I found a point at the head of the bed where the e wall-paper was perforated, and upon putting my finger through I found the end of the tube! Thus the dreadful whispers were accounted for. Old Dabney had spent both time and money in perfecting his arrangement for frightening tenants away from Maplewood, and he had hoped that for a mere nominal sum he might in ttme be able to purchase the estate; but his hIopes were crushed when 1 appeared to him with the proofs of his trickery. If he had thought to deny anything, I very soon convinced him that I had seen th, world,.nnd that all nat ittmpotatu-h[e.a -.?.-. ception- would be "wor.ue that useless. To save himself from public condemnation, he finally confessed. He showed me how he had arranged wooden troughs under the eaves, and deep down in the cellar, in which to roll cannon-balls for the production of thunder; and he shewed to me other speaking tubes, leading from a point below to "various points above, by imeans of which he could cause the sauLe voice to sound in different parts of the mansion at the same time. He confessed that his wife and his ton's wife often appeared to female guests in htostly. guise, which accounted for my wite s fright upon the landing. I sent for Miss Atherton, and in the depth of her gratitude for the regained estate she allowed Seth and his family to depart un whipped of justice; and we heard of them no (The End.) 