SYDNEY SOUIBS. By the Farceur.J Tim Rush to South Africa.— Piuvy Council Aw'kals.— Russian Manners.— Dele gate's Expenses.— Matters Political. - . " Off to tho now rush I " What a stirring time it was when that was the cry heard here, and men sacrificed everything they had so that they might raise the needful to take them to some far- oil spot said to bo the real El Dorado, but which in seven cases out of ten proved to bo a duffer. . Mon who were making a fair living and enjoying the comforts of a fair homo would, on hearing of a now "rush," become instantly insane (or next . door to it at any rate) and considor ovary day a year long until they got' on the road to Jhe newly-found field which was to prove the fortune of the few and the ruin of tho many. The Ophir, the Turon, Tambaroora, and the like, all had their day ; and many a good yarn eould be spun by old- lime heroes like our friend, John Dobbie, concerning these and: other " rushes " in the uuiuuy. .duli r wuyu t uuiulu uuiiul uuiuuioa began to put up " good things,", and hundreds of sturdy New South Walers went scooting off to Bondigo — oven to California. And later on came Charters Towers, Kimberloy, and ono. band of enthusiasts actually got hold of a vessol and started on a wild-goose chase to New Guinea, being wrecked, I think, Ibng before they wore anything like within sighting distance of that dangerous shore. - Evidently, the "rushing" spirit is not dead — it has merely been sloeping of late years,— for a ," rush " has already sot in for South Africa, and soon tho warning words: "Standing, room only 1" will have to be posted upon every steamer leaving here for the land of the Boer. Many of the colonial warriors who pull through the war will make the Transvaal their future home, for, as Kipling says: "This is the ono land for the now men of colonial experience — for open-air men, used to large spaces and plain living — thousands of them. Here is everything — horses, cattle; wool, and fruit. # # . Dropping into a figurativo stylo that is full of sound sense and boaps of truth, Kipling further adds — !' If tho Colonials mean business every thing shall be made easy for their first start. I will lend them money on mortgage (at least, you will, and wo shall get four per cent). I will slnp down railways along "the valleys, where the fruit grows, so that no farm need. haul, its dried prunes more than five miles to the rail;' I will arrange low freights, if I have to go on my knees to a German shipping firm. I will break the Covent Garden fruit-ring into flinders. I will erect cold-storago warehouses by the acre, and chilled fruit-cars at 40deg. uniform shall, be as common as cattle-trucks on all our . lines. I will develop, vtuder the caro of half-a-dozen picked canal officers from India such a scheme of irrigation (it will not cost more than three millions to begin with) as shall beat the Bara Doab, Colorado, and the Queensland colonies: combined." All " " bosh," and " blow " some, mav siiv. lint ta those I. would sav look of. Atis. t'ralia now, and what she was when Kipling was an " unknown quantity " and John Dobbio a frolicsome, mischievous littlo .hoy ! ' . . Judged by the old- time standard, the Trans vaal campaign will prove a capital ono for those who live to see it through. The loss of- officers' on the British sido has been simply appalling, and, as a natural sequence, the .gain is very great to the survivors who stand next on the list. . Among other deplorable records, Ihe Inniskilling Fusiliers lost fourteen out of seven teen officers in the desperate struggle at Grobler's" Kloof Hill., The doughty deeds of that daunt-, less company recall ' portions of the Old Testa- mont, which tell how an army went forth to battle and was " cut to pieces," but; by some marvellous means of reconstruction and recuper ation, it speedily went to the front, where it was carefully " cut to pieces " as before. After tho crude carnage at Grobler's Kloof Hill, tho_ in domitable Inniskillings turned up at Pieter's Hill, where they were " simply mown down," among their slain being the colonel, both majors, and two senior captains. And then we read of lion-hearted Colonel Hunt-, who nearly lost his .reason when he discovered that at the Colenso carnage he had lost every brother officer on his. battery of Royal Artillery. This war has cer tainly been bloody enough to; mako the ghosts of. tho grim fightovs of old form_'iii line on the Elysian Fields and howl over their enforced inaction. ' . . 3' # ; Federation seems to have heeivmovpd one peg nearer victory by the action : of Sir Samuel Griffith in framing a comprehensive clause for the Commonwealth Bill, which, like somobody's pills, "removes all difficulties/' As very few know the. exact; " ins and outs " of this ticklish trouble, I may state that the obnoxious original clause bound tho Courts of the State and their decisions pretty tightly, bnt tho amendment is more conciliatory and satisfactory, for it stipu lates that tho Queen. may grant specia( loave of appeal oxdroisablo- in respect to any judgment order of the High Court or the Supreme Court. Tho old country will still have : a very big pull over tho new one, of course, but most of the lawyers seem satisfied with the compromise, so I nresumo there is nothing loft for us noor lay- men but to pelt up our hats aiid cheer. " # ! By way of introducing a good " homo " Blory connectod with tho above, F must explain that: ono of the most mouldy, miserable, inud-hut looking buildings in London is tho shanty' known as the Privy Council' Cbamboiy in Downing- strcet. And . this is the true tale. A . young. Australian squatter, at a dinner tho other even ing, heard a speaker extol the Privy 'Council' as " tho one visible ; link of 'Empiro." . Ho was so impressed that he resolved to sco that link before going to bed. " Drive mo to the Privy Council, tho glorious link of Empiro," lie said to his cab man; and tho cabman drovd- to Leicester Square. A second shot brought him to tho Law Courts. But an Australian never gives in, and, on inquiry at the noarest police station, ho found that the inspector " wasn't sure, but he thought it was in Downing-street."- It was one in the morning when tho Australian approached the lonely night- constable with half-a-crown and an inquiry for tho missing-link of Empire. " There it is, sir," said tho constable, pointing. " And what's that building opposite '?" asked tho seeker. " That's tho Colonial Office — Mr. Chamborlain's," was tho reply. The Australian considered. "Joe's pretty cute," he said. "Ho keeps the big house for himself, and puts tho link 'in nil out- building." Then he wont to bod and mused over tho cutonoss of London in general, and " Artful Joe " in particular. Concerning tho matter of Privy Council affairs, regarding, which so much has been talked and written of lato, somo very fine and fitting food for reflection can be obtained from a wail in a weokly paper, which streams forth in tho fol lowing sorrowful strain : — Writer had an action against N.S.W. Government, and won it on demurrer before Full Court. Crown appealed to Privy Council, and in about a yoar or two that tribunal dismissed appeal with great dis- mertnnf. nn/l nftofp & ff am n i»ama »iAn4tin iwwjU/VU UUU wvutioi IlllUL Ui XUVV 1JUUIG UlUliVlli case came on before a jury for assessment of damage, and this scribe was non-suited on a technical point which his legal advisers main tained had been already settled in his favour by tho Privy Council. For want of the £500 necessary to go back and find out what that tribunal really did mean, case was dropped. This is a good example of what a grand thing Privy Council appeals are for spoofing tho com paratively indigent, and Australians should fight like one bull-pup to maintain this right to bo spoofed. Goipg to law against a Government is clearly a game which the latter opens by pro claiming tho terms to bo " Heads I win ; tails you lose." First loss in such matters is decidedly tho least ; therefor o the best — if there can be any " be6t " about a loss at all. ik . Russia has made herself so obnoxiously promi nent of late, that one instinctively feols that Gortscliakov was not far wrong when he said, "Russia is the only laud with a- shameful past and a blank present." In no other civilised country aro the lives of the people held more cheaply or passed in a more continuous state of danger. In proof thereof wo have the true tale of - n. Dfll'f.v nf T?llCQinr nAim'ala alnfiAitn n frontier post who were busy gambling ono night when a sentry entered, and, addressing the officer in command, said,; " Sire, we have ar rested a Jew who was smuggling arms- across tho border." '! All right," said the other,. and on ho went with his gamble. An hour later ho had lost heavily, and the sentry having repeated his statement about the arrest of the Jewish smuggler, the officer turned fiercely round, and shouted, " Hang tho Jew !" an 'egan to rattle the dice once more, Next morni. on seeing the sentry, he remembered the arrest and said, Bring in that Jew and I will examine him at once." "The Jew!" exclaimed the guard, as his eyes bulged out with intense surprise, " Why, sire, you ordered mo to hang the JAw last night, and' I strung him up to a tree there and then.' " Hum !" remarked tho officer, " that certainly saves some trouble, but in future, my honest iiiuiiu, uuii u ue ijunu su lUJjJUtbi vujy uuuuieub Ul you may bo hanged yourself. " # Just . as we were congratulating ourselves upon the satisfactory settlement of the compromise clause of tho Commonwealth Bill bang came the terrible tidings that " Australia's noblest soil " was stranded in England for a paltry £500, and if that amount wasn't planked' down pretty soon poor Toby ran a. serious; risk of being poked up the flue of a London " pop-shop." Premier Lyne would have paid the cash at once right clioerily, but couscientious Mr. Reid had grave doubts about the legality of tho matter and threatened to make matters very unpleasant for the Premior if he dared to part with the cash without the sanction of Parliament. A sum of, £1000 had certainly been paid to Mr. Reid him self to defray the expenses of a Ave weeks' picnic trip 'Ome, but it must be remembered that that was . during the great Jubilee rejoicings', when .everybody was more or less Jubilee mad, and it was necessary for some superior sort of New South Waler to represent this colony and give a uigutiieu buiiu tu iiuu yivy piuLuuainfs lvir. Jjyne pointed out for Mr. Reid's special edification that Mr; Barton was w something in the law," and as a rule most legal gentlemen liked to be paid for services, renderod. Mr. Barton had re ceived £1000 and a free passage home; but still Mr. Barton had thrown up his large professional practice here in order to, see that the; Common wealth got fair play. and it would bo a shameful thing to. put him to lose all and, perhaps, be -put in pawn as. well. How the £1000 .wont was not stated, brit it is a; well-known fact that Mr. Bar ton, like most men of genius, is a poor hand at dealing with money matters, and in spite of the enormous income lie earns at the Bar is, and probably always wilLbo, a poor . man. But ho must get that extra £500, and once more, for our credit's sake, we must " pay, pay, pay.!" ' Everyono— including the lion, member him self-— must have known that;tho voto of censnro motion would ond in a fizzle ; but no ono dreauit that Mr. 'Reid would " play Krnger," and scoot off at 5 a.m. in tho shady stylo lie did. After, actually moving two separate resolutions of censure, tabling notioo of a third, and coming along with! a fourth lip his sloevo, the Opposition leader turned tail and ran when the moment AfliviA 4a mii- nn Ilia lintxrlo in flftlil-. VI m . VamIam exclaiming in disgust that after such an exhibi tion the "Government should, treat any further attacks of. Mr.' Reid with silent contempt. So far the whole business' of tho. session has been blocked by Mr.' -Reid's senseless hohaviour,- and it wouldn't bo a bad thing to have him suppressed for; tho rost of tlje session. It was a good thing in one way that Mr. Reid imitated tho other " Georgia " "of nursery rhyme renown, who " kissed tho girls and uiado them cry " whon he got a safe opportunity', but who, when tho "girls " came out to play,"; . very quieklyran away," for now the Government's . past notions have been fully endorsed by the House, and real business can be started straight away. " ' : .; ' Rumour says that trouble may come from some of the " soreheads ' who are' atill growling over the fnct that they .were shunted when the portfolios were boing handed round," and also from some of the rabid protectionists who dis approve of the way in which the new Ministry has sunk tho fiscal policy. A sort of " cave " comprising twenty malcontents has been formed with Henry Clarke as chief, but they bavo about as much show against the Government as tho bandy-legged " Boxers " have against the allied Powers. The freotrade party has developed a " split " also, and by widening that the Govern ment can make its own position as firm . as tho sturdiest rock in the Blue Mountain chain. 