Carcoar. BISHOP BYRNE'S TESTIMONIAL. On Sunday of laBt week a meeting was held in the schoolroom for the purpose of initiating a movement to present a testi monial to Dr. Byrne, Bishop of Bathuret. The meeting was largely attended, and was presided, over by Rev. Father J. Kelly, P.P. The rev. chairman Baid : We are as sembled for the purpose of initiating a movement to present a testimonial to the Bishop of Bathurst. During the last 34 years he energetically stuck to his post without any interruption, never neglected or absented himself from his duty whether it was giving Confirmation, opening and the ordinary dutieB of a missionary priest as he did in the early part of his career. This is a record which any man — priest or lay man — would have reason to be proud of, and an example worthy of imitation. He never yet disappointed the priests as re gards the time of visitation ; whenever he appointed a day for Confirmation or the laying of the foundation-stone of a church he punctually kept that appointment. Whilst in the parish he devoted him self heart and soul to the work of the mission. Lately we had his Lord ship in this parish for five weeks, during which time he gave Confir mation in six different places, opened and blessed four churches, and gave a short mission of three days in the village of Neville, previous to the erection of their beautiful little church. At the end of the mission he gave Confirmation, and blessed the foundations of a ohurch for the Catholics of Neville, which he had the happiness of opening 12 months afterwards, and dedioa ting to the service of God under the patronage and title of the Apostle St. Thomas. Whenever he came to Oarooar you yourselves have been witnesses of what he has done ; he stayed until a late hour in the Confessional, preached morning and evening to crowded congregations oom poaed of all denominations who were attracted by the natural grace, simplicity and eloquence of his sermons. What he has done he has done everywhere, as is well known by the priests and people of the diocese. No doubt he could not have accomplished so for the honour and glory of God had not God blessed him with good health. For the past six months our beloved Bishop has been Buffering! from a severe sickness, and his medical advisers have recommended him complete and absolute rest for at least 12 months. It ia right and fitting that we should on an oooasion like the present show our love and veneration for our Biishop and Chief Pastor appointed by the Holy Ghost to govern the Ohuroh of God. The Catholioa of Oarooar in proportion to their numbers and their means are as gene rous towards their priest and the Ohuroh as any in the oolony, as evidenced by their subscriptions at Christmas and Easter and the ei'eotibn of a substantial stone ohurch, and this magnificent convent in whioh we are assembled, and tho largo and commodi ous briok presbytery, whioh is oonsiderod the best in the diooose. Such being the oase I have good reason to believe the pre sent oooaBion will bo no exoeption, wnen their Bishop intends to take a trip to his native ' land. We all hopo and pray that complete and absolute rest and uhango of soene and olimate will speedily restore him to his usual health and strength, and that he will be onoe more amongst us to continue the good work he has so successfully carried on for tho past 34 years. The Mayor, Alderman J. E. Watson, after expressing his doop regret and sym pathy with his Lordship in his illness, spoke in eulogistic terms of the zoal of Dr. Byrne in the oaiiHo of religion, charity and educa tion. Ho appealed to the generosity of the Oarooar pooplo, and moved, 'That this mooting dooply regrets to hear of tho serious illness of tho Bishop of Bathurst, and pledges itself to uso its best efforts to co operate with tho OatholioB of Bnfthurst in' presenting his Lordship with a tontimonial.' Alderman Dorwin Boaondod tho resolution, 'whioh was carried unanimously. Mr, P» Byrnes, J.P., briofly proposod tho second resolution, which was: 'That tho gentlemen prooont form themeoIvoH into a committee, with FatlVor Kelly and Mr. J. Link, Bonr., as treasure™, and Mr. O. J. Derwin aB secretary, and that a aubaorip« tiou list be now openod.' Thia was seconded by Alderman Link, and oarrled unanim ously. The following is tho Hat of subscriptions : Rov. Fattier J. Kelly, P.P., MO ; Mr. John Fagan, J.P., £10; Sifltora of Moroy, Oarooar, i£fi ; Blaynoy flubaorintiona, ;C20 ; Momiru. Dorwin Bros,, £2 2a ; hoardora and uhildrun of Mary, ;C5 ; Mr. John Linku, non., £tt. £1 la oaoh : Momhiu M. A. MuoDormott, V. B. MaoDorrnott, G. Oon* nally, J. J. Smith, J. Linku (junr.), P. Linku, J, P, Broelnan, and Mro. (J. F. Con nolly. ;C1 oaoh : Motuira. J. Id. Watuon, P. ByrnoH, J,l\, Jaa. Linkii, Mufidiwnoii Kolly and Oullun. IOii (H ouch : Moiinrn. Jaino, Hmitli, .Torominh Hmith, T. Brady, B.'Don tiolldii, J, Mfuiknj. IOii oaoh ?' Motmvtu Mahn, J. Oovo, and Mni. Molloy, iionr. ;and ol/lioi- imiullo),1 nuhfiorintiioiiii making tho total pmtnninminiaiamaiirmnmawmiiimmtim Everything on otn'tih Unit in to Hoavon u joy hmi itn birth in tho throw) of numo iiuninn m4uury. 