PAEIS AND ITS EXHIBITION. CLEVER CRIMINALS. CHEVALIERS D'INDUSTRIE. POLICE PRECAUTIONS. BEWARE OF STRANGERS ! TEMPTATIONS TO THEFT. Written for 'The AdvertUer* by ??diniad Mitchell. AurtSior of 'Towards, the Eternal . Snows,' &.c. No. VI. A Worldy Fair Exhibition, or rather the city in which such, an Exhibition is held, invariably becomes the hunting-ground of cosmopolitan thieves, swindlers, and crimi nals Okt every class. In the babel of tongues ?aiused by lie i reflux of honest visitors, die tiiadj- ones run an excelleat. chance of es caping recognition, and as likely as not they mark down nheir own coniiding coun trymen abroad as cneir lira, and easiest Victims. It is a mamer of no gmalj diftj. eulty, and one involving great and per baps prolonged personal latonvenience, for a stranger in a foreign land, to bring eucli rogues to justice. Moreover, as a rule these »^wue rogues are so iageniouely protected by cdueuerates, and have made ao careful a preliminary study ot tie police methods, ot -tim locality in wliuch they are operating, that their capture ia the moment of con iitdoa. induced by lie plundered one's reali ea.uon oi the unpleasant fact that nraich or purse nas disappeared be comea a task by no means ea^ oi accomplishment. The authorities one thus at vae outset, nacdicappea m. two aiSereai «-aya — Uoe ae^pouea eiuaer accepts te situation witu oil the pimoaopuic re «fta.tion he can muster, ana say* nothing aPout his los^ or ne is too Hurried ana up «*». to toe ot any atsomance in eUecUng tnc seizure of tie spoilers. It ia precisely these tug tinances an «-e»r iavor am* in duce the numaii jaoiials to ttock nxwn every ?putnt ot uie cotupoas tonanis t»e ciw wnere crowo* oi all aauoaauues are as BaitQied. THE CHIEF MBTttOPOUS OF CSEIMiE. Pans at tne uest ot times is .curope't. chiet metropolis ol crmunaiity, partly no coubD because ot the lact that it has ior long been the recognised pleasure resort aim piiii ground oi we worm. Its cheva liers d'lniiustne have made their 'calling an niost a wgii- art, ana oiten enough success lul coupb at a. bant counter or a jevreuery cstabubument represent a heavy previous expenditure of time and even oi capital. In the lower grades ot society organised bands of thieves and footpads are we ter ror of certain neighborhoods, and when, as at the present moment in the case ox a traterniiy Known as 'Mile's gang,' some atrocious murder for the sake oi rooCeiv causes the detectives to make a swoop, perhaps twenty or thirty desperate charac ters of both sexes will be lound wonting in close co- operation, recognising each other in public piaces by conventional signs or perhaps Dy a tiny mole tattooed on a particular joint of a particular linger. 'She ingenuity shown by tnese combiua. tions, the way in Avhich they devise some new plan when people might imagine the resource;i ef perverted artfulness to bn quite exhausted, is simply marvellous, often even astounding. Ihe game, indeed, is a constant battle of wits between thieves and detectives. X may recall a recent case by way of illustration. During a time ot political trouble, a wealthy Parisian was absent in the country, when a small pro cession of vehicles drove up to his resi dence, the first containing a commissary of police with bis tricolor sash and his clerk with official portfolio and note-book, the others a posse of constables and detec tives. The parts' had come to make a 'requisition' in a case of suspected plot ting against the Bepublie. The frightened concierges— man and wife— deferantialiy opened the doors to the authority-clothed visitors, ' and conducted them upstairs. With all due formality the supposed com missary and his clerk sat down at a writ ing-table, and began to take an inventory of the contents of the rooms. Then, at en opportune moment, tue concierges were seized, gagged, and locked up in a cup board, and for the rest of the day the criminals were free to strip the mansion of money, plate, jewellery, pictures, works ot art, and other, valuables. They carried through the business systematically and at their leisure, for their well-laid plans had provided for a temporary concierge be ing installed at the lodge in orthodox cos tume to take in letters and answer en quiries during the 'holiday in the country' being enjoyed by the regular custodians. In the darkness ot' the evening a van drove np, tne plunder was removed, and, al though months aiterwards some of the art treasures stolen were traced to Brussels, the men who carried through this auda cious robbery have never yet been cap tured. One euch story is merely a sample of a score of others, 'that really attract ?wonderfully little notice in Paris itself, being apparently accepted as inevitable in cidents in the life of a great capital. ABXFtHi SCHEMES OP FRAUD. Tiia particukr case was, of course, a maeter stroke, designed and worked Jby men ranking high in their profession. Bat down through all tthe grades of criminals the same unflinching effrontery and wonder fnl inventiveness are being je6n£tantly manifested. Here, for example, is an art ful adheme tlhat ihas come to light since the opening of the Exposttton, A camelot, or street ?eller, in contravention of die police regulations, begins to vend pocket knives at a crowded street corner, proclaiming his ?wares— worth perhaps twopence— at a franc apiece, and promisuajg a lottery dntir among the purchasers for a prize of 10 frames after a certain mnnber of Gales have been effected. 'When, perhaps, 20 articles have been thus disposed of, there is a cry of, 'lie poKce, the police.' Two detectives in plain clotfbes press through tihe throng, displaying toheir official badges, and tie mam is ar rested amidst an outburst of disappointed execrations. But the officers are inexor able, and the whines of the culprit are of no more avail than toe protests of Wfe defraud ' ei customers. An opportunely passing can is called, arid the law-fcreaker is tfirust ta'de and followed by his captons. The vs2iiele drives ofi now amidst munrans of applause, to the sterbiy ghosted destination of the nearest' police-station. At a ? dis creet distance, -however, it turns into a sde street, and then follows a maze of by ways, until camelot, pseodo-debeettTes, and JeW descend at some retired wine shop, there to share the spoils and fix on the next pitch for a repetition of tljeii: opera tioiis. Of course, when the story got into «he newspapers the trick became impoe eitite, but it is said that before this stage of publicity was reached the dariag gang fcad worked it for several weeks wtth splen did results and absohibe impunity. GEEAT POLICE FBBG&UTIOSS.; Witfi a resident erimiaai population of each resourcefulness, it wiH toe seen tb*t toe Paris police nave at all times no light Itaak in 'hand. So it may be guessed that the extra 'burden of responsibility during Exposition year does not sit lightly on the Shoulders of the authorities. They have, however, taken great precautions in ad vance on behalf of the public. In the first place, ell known gangs of tbievee have been pretty well broken up, and their leaders eafely placed under lode and key. Secondly, domiciled aliens of bad character have been quieHy deported across the frontiers. thirdly, skilled de tectives from every country have been drawn to Paris to assist in 'spotting' tie black sheep of their particular national ities who may nave bethougfit themselves of enjoying a combined pleasure and busi ness trip to tie World's lair. It may not be known to the general ran of travellers that it is ttie or dinary routine in Paris for the regttmed name* and address of every stranger wtoo sleeps in a Paris hotel qr boanJjhg-inimse to be euppii«d to an officer from the Prefec ture of Police morning . by morning, and Cttdft foreign readente bave to bold etanrped pennxfrs from the same authority tk- aSow ot tibeir renting a 'house or foHowrng a. cas ing of any fcioa in France, -winch documents have to be endorsed at the Mairie ot every district tibey may chance to visit even for a few weeks' tame. At tihe present luoumtrt these precautions ore enforced whin in creased strictness, although on the otiher band there is a relaxation of the second rule gs regards bontt-fMe visitors to the Exposi tion, Do whom, by Government order, 'oiJen 'house' is offered free from all har ranang red-tape resfcriotioM. But the system io-&cates; tthe machinery which the French police already possess wfeereby to keep an effective waftdh on undesirable foreigners. Stall, tihe influx of criminate, especially ''confidence men' and lackpockete, cannot be prevented, lie national hospitality abso lutely necessary for tihe success of lie Ex hubiuon in itself facilitating their coming. DRASTIC PUNISHMENTS tKFUCTED. To meet the esdgenciea of the situation the judicial authorities have devised a drastic plan tSiait 'has surely only to be widely known to become effectively deDer rent. The magistrates are simply doubling, an-d oven crebiing, tihe pumsdiinent tbsat is awarded un ordinary tunes. Five years' hard labor for a first offender in the pocket picking line, ten years for one who happens lo have a previous conv-rorion againft nis name, are certainly heavy-lbanded puniA ments tSrat may well frighten the frat-amity away from Paris during tibis j-ear of The Exposition; and these are the sentences that the oorreoxionaj tribunals are pronoun cing with, unfading regularity and rigorous im]-artia]dty. It may be noted wdch satis faction that Tip to date since opening d'ay no culprits from across the Channel na%% made nhejr appearance in rte prinonere' dock. This is ewdte&t;&y; contrary to all ex pectation, far facetious newspaper re pomsers are suggesting that the proposed Briteih boycott ol' tihe Pair has actually «x teiided to our criminal classes. The hope may be expressed, with cordial sincerity on both sides, uttat this state of things will continue. THE POETRY OF FRENCH SLANG. I faave -written tihe words, 'contrary to all expectation.' Well, it is a curious and noteworthy fact tihst in tihe argot, of Paris every disrepirtnife deed sp««tib t» be parti cutariy assooaxed wich iphe KcgUdsIa nation ality. 'Tiler a i'Angtaise' means to slip away wiuhout paying one's bills; and so on Troth a. score of other phrases of still worse impiica$ion,'. and most of them quite untranslatable in tihe columns of a. news paper. Ittis linguistic peculiarity has noth ing to do wrti die recent recrudescence of baa feehng between tne two countries, but dates ''back to remoter periods o;' the oft qDOted ''herediitary ennrity.' Moreover, it has to be remeintoered that almost esacSly similar expressions axe current among- the users of dlang in England, with the sting of malignity invariably directed against France and frenchmen. So an English man can find no particular cause of quar rel wrtih his French dictionary of argot. This -same dactFonary, by-tthe-way, is par ticularly interesting reading to all wtho un derscansd tbe sfa&des; of meaning in tihe lan guage. There as a t»rt of prim ptottirea queneaa in many of the expressions that form tie ^ rating medium of conversation among tfae criminal classes of Paris. '1\\- eat red bread,' what oouM be more for cibly descriptive of tihe profession of as sasainatioai The inconstant lover has 'the heart of an azxidhoKe,' a leaf for every one wfoo comes along. 'To spit in toe aowdust box' means to be guilknined. 'To live Hke a frog' implies that the unfortu nate victim of temrporarj' unpecuniosity has been reduced to the drinking of wnder. '1V- chew the dandelion roots' is to be dead, while 'to wind up 'his clock' is die rogue's equivalent for wife-toealing. Sometimes there is a flash of delicate irony in a phrase which ?'^'» tihe victim, of robbery 'the man who pays contrcbultion,' or even a touoh of fine sentiment, as -OTien home less unfoitiinajtes who pass tine night by tihe ?Seine become 'one swauoivs of tihe bridges.' But it is tihe same in every language; slang is often closely allied to poetry. ' A GUIDE TO HICH LIFE. There is another French book, dealing with the opposite pole of the social sys tem that is equally well worthy of study, and has indeed-become so popular tlhat an English tranaJaitioB. m now evailqbie. This is tie volume entitled ''Paris- Pariden/' Which has been well and wittily described as 'tire pocket Bible of mobbism.' It professes to instruct iSie pro vincial or tire foreigner in all the minor points of 'ingh lif' in Paris. 'WMi the help of tie Paris-Parisien,' says the preface 4)0 the English edition, 'a. eon of the pampas or a Canadian, not polished as yet by 'humane oiviiity, can, within a. week, turn themselves into a man about town or a dub-man, whose unimpeachable correction tlhould give H. Arthur Meyer pleasure, and leave nothing to be blamed vo tihe Prince of Sagan.' Here are one or two samples oi the workEy-wise counsel em balmed in equally choice Kng'ish to that just quoted. In polite society 'one must talk of one's tub or daily bath:' despise press men, but 'keep friends with tbem bo as to be able to ask them for favors;' never refuse absolutely what is asked of one, but 'always leave some hopes;' one must 'eibher have been to Bayrutb, or be going there next year;' a lady must never have rheumatism—neuralgia only is permit ted to ier. This meet priceless of vade joe cums even supplies, for conversational small change, pat eummories on the careers and works of Parisian authors, artists, or celebrities of the day; these are to be learned by Quart, and guilelessly jammed in whenever the chance offers. The follow ing is a piece of advice tihat deserves an illuminatted text and a gilded frame: — ^To look as a. judge in musical questions, it is enough to sav, when coming from an opera by Vv agner, 'lihe orchestra wae all wrong.' ' Remember, tins book, the embodiment: of Parisian *ortbip of the 'Chic,' k wricten in downright good faitih and in absolute seriousness. So, with a 'Dictionary of Ar got' and a. 'ParisJParisien,' the stnanger may equip himself with two oompanion volumes Chart will help him wonderfnfly to an understaading of the city and its people. PODK VALUABLE OAUTIOKSl ' As I have dealt at some length with the subject of rogues in Paris, I would give four cautions which every newcomer here should keep well in mind: — 1\. Beware of strangers who contrive to get into conversation with you, however plausible their manner; confidence men arc even on the steamboats and Che trains, and will gladly in'croduce fellow travellers to the confederates who are awaiting their relmin to Paris -crith likely victims. 2\. Beware of guides who tout on the Boulevards offering to show 'the sights ot Paris.' These men are nearly always de coys to places v-here robbery may be com mitted -whin, practical impunity. Your hotel will recommend a responsible guide if one is n«eded. 3\. Beware of apartment., agencies without fast satisfying yourself at your consul's of fice that they are old-established and hon estly conducted. In the neighborhood of the Boulevards there are largely advertis ing businesaesof this class, set on foot per haps a vear or two ago solely with a view to the Exposition spoils of 1900, and run by absolutely unscrupulous men whose ob ject is to fleece both strangers in- search of rooms and Parisians in quest of tenants. 4\. Beware of all but the main and well ligtrted thoroughfares late at night, espe cially in . the Montmartre quarter, the vi cinity of the Central Markets, and subur ban, streets near the Barriers, where the most desperate scoundrels in Paris prcrvri and lay traps for the unwary. If the above simple and obviously pru dent rules be followed, Paris, of course, is just as safe af any other big city in Europe or America. TBMPTATJOKS TO ENTEBPRISEfG TB1EVES. Within the exhibition grounds the sur veillance is so strict that thieves and pick pockets find it very risky to ply their call ing. Police agents are in. every crowd, and, as 1 have pointed out, short shrift indeed is given 'to the offenders. On the day when the United States official pavilion was for mally opened, 1 saw a youth touched on the shoulder by a gentleman standing; nest him, and after a few whispered words led from the throng, at the outskirts^of which he was handed over to an- officer in uni form, while the detective in tall hat and frock coat, and with the ribbon of the Le gion of Honor at his button-hole, returned to his duties amidst the densely packed gathering. Attempts at robbery on a bolder scale inside the buildings themselves are also guarded against with infinite precau tion. When it is remembered, for example, that the Czar's recent gift to France — a map of the country executed in gold, plati num, and precious gems—is worth £160,000, and could be quite comfortably carried away on one's knee in a cab, it will be realised what enormous temptations are literally dangling before the eyes of those whose business in life is plunder. In the jewellery section of the French building of Industrial Arte there are treasures on view the value .of which must run into many hundreds of thousands of pounds sterling. Here there is no special display of uniiormed policemen, but for ail that vcgUamt eyes are everywhere, and it is said that all -die doors. of exit can be simulta neously closed by electric mec-hamsatt the mo ment the signal of an alarm is given. Yet the story goes that when the showcases were being: got into order shortly after the lormal opening, and therefore under ttie interested gaae of the perambulating public, one exhibitor, indignant at the extra ricks he was tivus being compelled to run, set four of 'has assistants to mingle in the crowd, with a view to put the official safe guards to the test by an act of attempted burglary. To the experimenter's own dis may the amateur robbers actually succeeded in opening a. onm, filling a bag with some £10,000 worth of jewels, and walking oat of tie building — in full sight of their mas ter, no doubt, but without the slightest in terference from wie regular guardians, in uniform or in disguise, presumed to be on watch. The whole body of exhibitors thereopon carried tihe etory . to the admin istration, where at first incredulity was professed, but at last Cae proved facte had to be admitted. If there were precautions before, it may be guessed that after such a rode shock these wece promptly redoub ted. The precious building, of course, is clo*ly guarded at might, and there is an elaborate system of safe- sinking into bur glar - proof vaults below that, seems to render any atrempte by would be raiders quite out of the ques tion. To indicate that accidents to life or limb within the Exhibition grounds have also foeen guarded against with all the care that human foresight cm suggest, 1 may mention that in tie vicinity of Tihe piver a. special corps of agents' plon geurs has been organised. These are gen darmes possessing the qualification of being efficient swimmers, and equipped with lines attached to batons, which thev can fling into the water in the first aWempt to ren aer assistance to a drowning person. If this fails the 'plunger' will be expected to take a Header, after ent-ruetic the shore end of the line to the bystander*. It is almost needless to add that the comic artists of Taris, with their deftness to turn the novel into the ridiculous, have found the^e agents plongeurs a verica'ble godsend, so Tihat pen cils have been busy if the life- saving batons have, happily, so far not been called into requisition. (To be continued.) 