[ALL U-^t HTS IlESKHVED.} BLACK JACK OF WILLARO'S CHASE. Willard'B Chase, part of tho New Forest, which at one time embraced half Dorset, Hampshire, and Wiltshire, is full of hills, which towards Doisetshiro, turns to bare dowDS, with hero and there a beech of clump treea and dwarf oaks on a knoll, and a Bun ken line that indicates an ancient liritish pathway or an old Konian road leading to tho coast. Up a low grassy track, called iu Wiltshire, " asdrives," and round a shoulder of tho irolling down where three lines of grassy ram part showed that a Human camp had once stood there, upon a September evening a few years ago, a young fellow wended his way slowly and thoughtfully, and in a deep reverie. A sturdy keeper—the wanderer— had hisgmi on his shoulder and his dog at his heelB. Ho was a fine well built young aon of Britain of about two or three and twenty, his face slirewd and defiant, his step linn and light. His brown velvet shouting jacket was worn almost white on the right shoulder, whilst the gray felt hot he had thrust rather jauntily on one side of his head, bore traces of hard service in many a storin. There was a peculiar half-smile on his face that evening—an expectant kind of glance, as he' scanned the woodlands and copses scattered here and there below him. Suddenly a little ligure ran round a ring of Druidical stones, and waved., a handker chief. The young mail, started-and held up his gun, and then like a deer bounding down into the hollow was met at its base by a laughing rosy- cheekodgirl. JFair-haired and blue-eyed, the young maiden betrayed no sign of alarm as the sturdy handsome young keepor caught her in his arms. " You are late, Harry for sure," she ex exclaimed, in reply to a dozen kisses bes towed on her pretty lips as red as cherries. " A nice gallant lover ! I'm ashamed of you, sir! I ventured on the way and yet you've only just come up. Thought you'd have met me in the deep hollow copse. 1 hid behind the witches' oak.thinking to jump out upon you like a ghost!" " A very substantial ghost, Hetty. Would make a ghost many a fellow would give some thing to be haunted by, I swear." More kisses here followed, which extorted an ejaculation of " Do-a-done, Harry." " Bay, Hetty," at length exclaimed the ardent lover in a serious tone, " have yoa heard there was another buck killed last night by the River Oak ?" " But that was not your walk last night, Harry." " .No; you remember I told you old Teddy Jakes would exchange with me. It's that rullian, Black Jack, again. I owe him a debt, and would give a year's wages to have niy lingers laced about his throat. I'd Btrangle him and save the hangman troublo later on." " Oh, Harry, don't! .fray don't look like that. You look—you look—downright ugly, there!" " I can't help it, dear, I get so savage wlien I think of that villain's crime a year ago. When killing his victim ho got off by a too lenient sentence of manslaughter. Now, listen to me, Hetty." The young fellow, taking the pretty little dimpled hands of liiB companion within his own,hero sat her down beside him on the grass. " You put mo in min3 now, Harry, of the judge at the 'Sizes. "W hatcver is tlie matter ? (Oil, I do fee! bo frightened, &uro;!" exclaimed tho girl, laughing loudly, showing a set of teeth that glistened like pearls in her ruby little rosebud mouth. " Don't laugh, Hetty, dear, for 1 want to talk seriously to you," said her lover, aa still {holding iier hands firmly clasped within Ilia own, he looked fondly into her bright blue eyes. " Now tell me, dearest, did you men tion to anyone that I and Teddy Jakes are poing to change walks ? The poachers and deerBtealers have heard of it, aud they can do what they like with Jakes when they onee get him to the Pvqd Bull; you know what a drunkard he is: you know how he drinks." " Am I on my oath—really to tell you the honest tiuth, and nothing but the truth ?" cried the laughing girl, as she shook her lover's hand up and down. "You must tell me the truth—yes, Hetty." ." And you won't be cross or angry ?" . .'AHow.r.ouW 1 be with yeu, darling V" " Well, then, I did tell about the walks being changed, but I can't tell you who that party was I mentioned it to." ' " But X must know who was your confi dant, Hetty; I can do nothing without the information." " Well, it wasn't a deer-stealer, ETarry.and it wasn't Black Jack." " Don't suppose it was, pet; but seriously, it is no laughing matter to me. If this thing goes on X shall lose my character with Lord Hi vers, so you must be explicit with me, my dear girl, for I must get a clue to these vagabonds." "Must I tell you, Harry?" There was a sorrowful, regretful tono in the voice of the maiden now. " If you love mo, Hetty, you will tell mo tho truth." "And you won't be cross with me?" ,:CrosH with you, pet?— no. I am con vinced it was the knowledge of tho change lost us that buck last night. Toll me at once who you montioned it to." " Can't you guess, Harry, dear?" . " I've not the faintest idea, Hetty." " Well, it was to my brother Luke," Baid tho girl, all the mirth dying out of her face now. " Your brother!" gasped her lover, his hand Bhaking so that he almost dropped his gun. "Tho Pyed Bull is Luke's favourite hunt, and 'tis there the poaching gang meet I've long suspected.'' " Yes, and my brother, tho same as Jakes, is ever craving for diink, Harry, and I sup poso he let out what I told him when ho was intoxicated." •• Without a doubt, Hetty! 1'oor Luke! tw'.arcti more than a boy,his love o£ liquor will lie his ruin; Ins ease is worse than Jakes, as tlio latter is an old man. However, this •will bo a caution to you, darling, not to repose confidence in your brother again. ' When the wino'a iu tho wit'a out,' and this holds good with strong ales. And now I'll tell you another secret, dear one,"—with a huiried kins tho young man moved to go— " Teddy Jakes and I do not change to-night; we have orders from tho ranger to retain our usual posts. So if tho poachers aro up to anymore mischief, they'll como to grief. Mind, Hetty, not a word, even to tho very air. Good-byo, my sweet pet, I wish I could go back with you, but I cannot." "And is this tho way you aro going to leavo >110 V" pouted the young beauty. " It is almost a matter of life and death, Hetty, and if you lovo mo you wouldn't wish to keep me. I shall Bee or hear of tho deor Btcalors at tho Pyed Bull, and shall then know to 0.c." " Oh, do not go after them, Harry, lilaok Jack will kill you; ho fears nothing." "No moro do I, Hetty, thero. Good bye, lovo; don't cry, don't be foolish!" lie ex claimed, us bo now clasped hor iu his arum; | " I'm on the trade of tlio cang, now. •. Wish me success, dear girl/' " I do, Harry, I do; but, oh ! I have an awful feeling of something torriblo about to happen." And now, ub the young keeper1 bounded away, Hetty sank down upon tho grass, weeping and sobbing in a very par oxysm of grief and alarm. A sharp run across tho downs meanwhile, soon brought tho young keeper to a hilly Bpot that commanded a good view around and a clear sight of the inn, tho Pyed Bull, known by woodmen many a mile away. Standing on tho summit of the hill, his eyes bright and keen, Harry discerned four men congregated at the door of tho ir.n, all of whom were pointing across the road to a high field near a wood on tho opposite sido. A few minutes after the astute and deter mined keeper had reached the little village public house, and making his way into tho bar as ho had suspected, found seated with some half-dozen loafers, his fellow keeper, the old man, Teddy Jakes, who, half drunk, was shouting out the scraps of a hunting song. By the fire, with his back to the door, sat.a stalwart lad, Hetty's reprobate brother, in close confabulation with a short, red, bearded man, a well knowu comrade of tho noted desperado and poacher Jack Ingle dew, or Black Jack, as he f/as called. " Why, blessed if Harry Dudley ain't jined us," cried the inebriated Jakes, who, staggering forwards, clapped his companion on the back, exclaiming, in thick, guttural accents: " We've had the ranger here, Harry, boy, swearing about that buek that was killed yesterday. I did'nt let out as it war Black Jack's doings, though; Jack always squares it with ine, Harry, and bo he will'with you." " I'll square with him, Jakes, by putting him in a hole he won't get out of in a hurry!" muttered the young keeper, with frowning brow. '* Don'tee meddle with 'un, Harry; lie's a dead shot, and he's Bworn he'll kill the first man who lays hands on him; He said it of you lad, not half an hour ago in this very bar." " Ha! yon've had the rutiian here, then, as I Buspected, and he's now away in Audley Woods, but I'll have him!" eried the young keeper, as with flashing eyes ho made for tho door. The half-drunken crowd, along with the affrighted Jakes, now endeavoured to keep the excited young man back, but, shaking thorn off, Harry Dudley was out at the door, down the road, and flying towards the adja cent woods in a moment of time. This place, Audley Woods and Walk, was a favourite haunt of the deer, being full of coverts and lurking placeB, and full of leafy holly, the deer's favourite food. The scattered woodlands and copscs abounded in hazel and young beech, and tlio fern grew thicker on the slopes and round the hedgerows than in other parts of the deep woods. Gaining, after half-an-hour's sharp walk ing, some high ground, Harry, easting his eye towards an hedgerow, perceived two men walking slowly by the side of it. one. as I far aB he could distinguish at such a disatnee, | carrying a gun. With compisesed lips and knitted brow the enraged young keeper stood for a moment glaring at the two poachers,and then without further hesitation darted off in pursuit of them. Past six o'clock there was only a dim, shadowy light in tho woods, and it was with some diiliculty Harry kept the two figure in sight, to Ilia chagrin the poachers pre seutly both disappearing through a gap in a tall, thick hedge. Itight ahead ho now unhesitatingly rushed, and in a Few moments was in the gap, and brushing away the hazels, to hia umaze, almost butted against a man who was quietly standing smoking a pipe, with his hands iu his pockets. The slirewd young keeper fancied he could detect tho device. The fellow so unconcernedly smoking his pipe was screening and covering his mato on ahead, and that other man, Harry intuitively felt, was tho rutfian ho wauted—the deor stealer who had sworn to take his life—tho poacher, Black Jack ! Tile daring young keeper resolved inunc diaely upon his course. There was a great prize to win, whatever the risk might be. Brupliing past liie fellow with tho pipe (who-grumbled something sullenly), Many hurried on. Presently, after gaining a sort or stubble lield, he could discern nothing of the man with the gun. but dashing on reck lessly now, for his hlood was up, he caught sight at last of someone creeping along under a hedge about fifty yards ahead. A loud mocking laugh now woke up the. stillness of the scene, and in another moment the creeping figure had started up. A giant of a man over six feet, with volu minous black beard and whiskers shrouding his mahogany-tinted visage, menacingly con fronted the gamekeeper, a gun pointed directly at his head. With a thrill Harry Dudley, as the deadly tube was presented at him, raised Ilia own ritle to hia ahoulder, but, before he could take aim at Ilia deadly foe, a sharp crack was fol lowed by a whistling ping over his head, a streak aa of fiamo passing across his scalp, whilst his felt hat whirled away like a wisp of straw. Staggering back with the idea that ho was mortally hit, tho young keeper was aaved from a aeeond discharge by tumbling into a small hollow. Again now that mocking, jeering laugh rang in the air, and then as Harry rose partly on his feet, muscular aims wonnd around his chest with the strength and hug of a, grizzly hnllr. Having made the discovery a second of time before that the bullet of the murderous poachor had only graed his scalp,he now pre pared in wild, tierce rage for a struggle to the death with his onemy. Wot a word was spolcen by tho infuriated antagonists. Tho stalwart young keeper knew that he had to fight for it or his hour liad come, and in rago and desperation he struggled in tlie embrace of tho bloodthiisty poasher, the renowned and merciless Black Jack. A practised wrestler, Harry held his own until his brutal and ferocious antagonist with his heavy-tipped boots kioked at his legs, slashing the flesli at every lunge as though it had been cut with a reaping hook. Not contont with this barbarous feat, as both come to the ground, the deer-slayer, with a savage howl,fixed his teeth like a bull dog into tho neck of his adversary. Sick and faint from loss of blood and the fierce strugglo, Harry had nearly lost all con sciousness, aB looked in the other's mad em brace, he presently fell with him into a deep, dark rent or hole in tho earth. Giddy and i bruised, released from tho deadly grip of his mad foo, Harry remained for some minutes with tho same sort of feeling one has upon awakening from a bad dream. The first thing that roused him to his full senses was the strange quietude of his fierce companion. And now, as lie pushed away from his breast one of those murderous huge hands that had gripped him so tenaciously shortly bofore, ho started up with a cry of horror. | The hand he thrust away had felt very cold to his touch. I Had felt like a liaud of the dead. Thero as only a faint palo light in tho well like cavity, and, stooping down quite close to tho doubled up heap beside him, Marry porieivcd iu a moment that ho was alone with death. ' Lying iu abent position, his face a ghaslly blue and purple. Black Jack, tho desperado aud poacher, had been stricken suddenly out of life. His race was run; his murderous attack upon tho young 2nn)»)k"ep?r his Falling underneath tho body p£ hiB youth- j ful antagonist, Black Jack had broken his > neck—had jjona to Ilia account with all his Bins upon his head and in the attempt to commit another deed of bloo3. i (Tho End.) 