ABOUT TOWN AND ELSEWHERE. A p* rfect judge will read each work of wit, With the Bame spirit that its author writ. 4 Once upon a time ' (please don't misunderstand — I am not commenc ing a child's fairy story ; there will be no fairy tales in this page of the paper, anyhow, whatever there may be in the columns telling forth the intentions and opinions of politicians — as 4 affidavited ' by themselves). Once upon a time, I say — (don't interrupt again, please ; or we'll never get on. How on earth am I to fill up four columns of matter if you don't let me tell the yarn in my own simple and innocent way ?) Once upon a time, again I say, there was a very wise gentleman named Solomon, who wrote a book for the benefit of posterity. Whilst engaged in that work he instructed his typewriter to note down that 4 there was nothing new undtr the sun.' His neighbors did not question the statement, for they considered Solomon the very acme of wisdom, notwithstanding the fact that he had a thousand wives, and a few thousand other ladies as a reserve force. Nearly three thousand years later in the history of this planet of ours, in which we kill time while awaiting a permanent residence, the late Joshua Billings, while serving his time on earth, fully endorsed Solomon's views when he said : 4 Mi private opinyun iz that originality in writing woz plade out long ago, and the very beat enny man kan do iz to steal with good judgment, and then own it like a man.' I do not propose to contradict the statement of two such illustrious fellow writers, and, therefore, I lay no claim to originality. 'Notes about town ' (or rather the themes which suggest them) will be gleaned from the highways and by-ways, the low ways and many other ways, mainly from the jottings gathered together in a personal, journalistic, club, and Bohemian experience (if about 25 years, gained in all sorts of places — high and low — situated geographi cally towards the four main points of the compass, and amongst 4 all sorts and conditions of men ' — (spare my blushes, and pardon my frankness, but, as an old friend of mine— the present Mayor of Broken Hill — was taught by the schoolmaster, and forthwith on | a memorable never-to-be-forgotten j occasion put into print, Magna est f Veritas et prevalebit /) That has ever been, my motto in the past, and always will be in the future. Against all temptation I shall retain the un sullied truth-telling reputation I have enjoyed from earliest infancy, and, therefore, though the confession brings me many a pain — many a sad recollection of wasted time (and cheques) — I am in honor bound to add — 'and women.' While, as a rule (in the language dear to the heart of the colonial kiddie, and of my eminent right hand supporter, the noble Wizard), these notes will be entered to run in the semi - humorous and sarcastic class ('with a small dash of I'itter, please, dear,') those who take the trouble to think, and thus read between the lines, will see the truth peeping out from start to finish, like Trilby in the ' altogether.' But, now — as they say in the profession — 'Beginners ready, please.1 At the club rooms of the Profes sional Musicians' Benefit Association last week a smoke concert was given in special honor of a visit from the Governor, who arrived sharp to the time promised (9 p.m.) and speedily showed that he was in very truth, as about 800 men enthusiastically and melodiously declared later on in the evening, a 4 jolly good fellow.' The programme commenced with a trio in D minor played by Messrs. Allpress (violin), Podenzana ('cello), and Tru man (piano). Mr. Tom Rainford was in good form in his song, 4 The Desert,' and other items of a most enjoyable character were contributed by Messrs. Woodhouse, Rainford, Podenzana, Amadio, and H. Leston, whose 'Nocturnal Sketch,' by Tom Hood, was especially well done. Lightning sketches by Messrs Taylor and Leist wero also good. Mr. Rivers Allpress played Bach's 4 Cha conne,' and Mr. F. R. Woodhouse had a big reception for a song from Ma Mie Rosette. Undoubtedly, however, the gem of the evening was the Andante, Schenzo, and Finale of the great Beethoven Septett, played by Messrs. G. R. Allpress (violin), C. Blomgren (viola), H. Summer lmyes ('cello), A. Barry (double-bass), R. Olive (clarionet), W. J. White (French horn), and E. Lupton (bassoon). This number was mag nificently played, and enthusiastically received. During the evening Mr. G. Rivers Allpress, the president of the society, proposed the health of his Excellency, and in doing so said that no other Governor of the mother colony had taken as much interest in music as had both he and Lady Mary Lygon. Though his Excellency was leaving shortly, he hoped they would have the honour of another visit before his departure. (Cheers, musical honours, and three times three). Lord Beauchamp (who with his A.D.C., the Hon. C. Harris, had for the occasion thrown off all the cares of State, and was making himself at home, almost a Bohemian amongst Bohemians, with the Attorney General, endeavouring to hide him self behind a cigarette, on his left, and Mr. Kohblank, the active sec retary of the club, on his right) on rising to respond was received so heartily that it was some minutes before he could get a word in edge ways. When he did, he spoke no like a Governor, but like a man. He told a good st-.ry, he assured his hearers of his interest in all ait matters, and especially in music, he spoke of the playing that night by Mr. Allpress as being infinitely better in the congenial atmosphere of his own club than anything he had heard him do at Government House^ or at the Town Hall. It was a happy speech, made by a gentleman, who remembered nothing but that he was the honoured guest of a body of pro fessional men, and that for the time being, at any rate, he was as one of themselves. When the Governor sat down there were calls for Mr. Wise, who was compelled to respond. For once that learned gentleman made no reference to Mr. Reid, and contented himself by wishing his hosts all sorts of good luck, present and future, adding that the Ministry that day had been discussing how they could best enlist the sympathies of the musical profession for the Common wealth celebrations. He said he would like to tell them a story, but the Governor had told them one, and he could not compete with his Excellency in that line. He only knew one man who could. It was a fellow-pa senger on. the voyage to ? well, never mind. Thero was a clergyman on board, but the stories of the dinner table were so nearly approaching the climate of the tropics that he and the parson frequently had to go on deck to breathe the fresh air. Who Mr. Wise referred to I'm not going to say— nothing on earth would tempt me to drag his Excel lency's name into this par. ? and, in fact, I don't believe the yarn was true, because I am informed that the Attorney-General is an earnest student of the Wind Club Lyre , anl if he can stand that- nothing in this world can ever upset him. The evening was a jolly one, and, thanks to the thoughful message from the Governor that evening dress was to be tabooed, all approach to 4 side ' and ceremony was conspicuous by its absence, whilst - f a seidlitz powder there wasn't a ghost of a trace. Personally I retired at 11.30, to write political leaders— but I left the Governor and his friends still hard at it. I am informed, however, that after the concert the members of the committee of the club were pre sented to his Excellency, who further honored the . members by accepting the position of patron of the club. m Amongst the visitors present were many well- known politicians and professional gentlemen^ of Sydney, amongst whom I noticed the [ever genial Dan O'Connor, who appeared to want to be as near the bar as possible, the member.for St. Leonard's I was in his element, Mr. Neville / Montague wa. as lively as lh.»y / make them, evidently as popular at the club as he is with his clients, Mr. J. Harrington represented the photographic section of the com munity, press men were well to the fore, and that sterling actor, Mr. George Rignold (whom I was hoping would 'give a turn,') was evidently, by his smiles, revelling in the stories told under the rose by Mr. Wise and the Governor. George Rignold ! 4 Time flies but memory lingers.' And time has flown since I first saw Handsome George at the old Queen's 1 heat re m Long Acre, in 4 The Hour and the Man.' The hour has passed, and so has the theatre, .formerly known to Londoners as St Martin's Hall, where some of the greatest musicians of the century were often heard (the last time I saw the building it was a co-operative store) ; u le man is still here — and long may he remain with us ! What memories the thought brought to the ore . i ve seen him many a score of times since, and most of his con temporaries— in the old land and the new. Faces and forms of the . long Photo hff F. Heron. ' OUTWARD BOUND.' Blocl:, Harrington * Co., Ltd. ago, long since passed away — but few still in the front rank — and those who have since taken their places. I dare not stop to think now — or to picture the cinematographe films which, as I write, flash before me quicker than the pen can follow ; did I do so, I should write almost until I, too, became a memory of the past. Some day I may take up the theme —but now — well, we'll drop the past and live in the present, and for the future. One of the stories told during the evening was about a bishop ; it wasn't a bad one, but I think I can tell one quite as good. An English rector once secured the services of a curate, who, whilst almost as high an Angli can as John N. claims to be, was also a very eloquent preacher. Un fortunately, through so much devotion to the pharisaical portion of the church service, the curate suffered from what is sometimes call°d 4 housmaid's knee.' The rector was very prouJ of his junior, and on the occasion of the bishop's annual visitation, arranged for him to preach. But, as ill-luck would have it, the curate was laid up on the day appointed. The bishop at dinner enquired after the man he had heard so much about. 4 Ah, yes my lord a very worthy young man. I am very pleased with him, and had specially hoped that your lordship would have heard him preach. But, I am sorry to say, he is at present in bed with the 4 housemaid's knee.' The bishop looked up, dropped his knife, and said: 'With what ?' 4 The housemaid's knee, my lord.' 4 Well,' said his horror-stricken lord ship, 4 you astound me ! May I — ah — ventuaw to ask where the othaw portion of the young person's anatomy is at the present moment?' And that's my story of a bishop. But I know a Jew more. Be as good as circumstances will allow, and you shall have them— by and-bye. The Professional Musicians' Benefit Association is a sound and useful institution to which all entitled should belong. It is also glad of the sup port of 4 hon. members,' who pay, I think, a guinea a year towards the support of the club. The members are a jolly lot of fellows, who well merit the lift up given them by the visit of his Excellency, and, with Lord Beauchamp, I wish them all heaps of good luck, and individually and collectively a bright and pros perous career. 4 May - their shadows never grow less.' I am given to understand that during the week there will be an in crease in the family of the Mayor of Sydney. The Mayor himself is not extraordinarily popular just now, but his daughter atones for everything, and in taking unto herself a husband she has the best wishes of all who know her, and of all — and their number is legion — who have tasted of her goodwill and charity. Prose is too common for my good wishes, so, being under a sentimental spell, I turn on the Muse ! ' Peace, perfect peace ; goodwill to all mankind !'* The heavenly music floats upon fcho wind; Across the evening air, bo calm and still, We hear the angels' song of God's goodwill. . „ o That perfect, grand, melodious chord, we never hero can learn, Yet we may hope to grasp its key — for its expression yearn ; And He whoso bit; h was pregnant with that glad song of the East, His power divino on earth did show first at a wedding feast ! j ,i From then 'till now, in every climo, to all the human race, That happy scene hath ever beon tho ' symbol of His graco ; ; He blessed it then— His bleesing now descend in full on thee, That every day a mirror may of glorious sunshine bo ! Affection ever conqu'ring pain, may years successive bring A happy life, to man and wife, with Love , ' triumphant, King; ( And when Earth's shadows pass — and greet the dawn of truer Life, Still may they stand, hand clasped in hand, the husband and tho wifo ! In her last letter to the News Madame Soldene wrote : 1 Didn't I tell you last week London was empty ? R' Well, Tuesday, I walked down Bond- t ' street. Upon my word and honor, I i was the only decently-dressed woman visible. All the shop people ran to hi the doors to look at me.' Emily / ,, always did have a fair idea of herself, but the writer remembers the time V when 4 all the folk,' the male folk that is, of 16 and upwards, 4 of the West' rushed to the wild Samaritan regions of Islington, to see the lady — dressed, or somewhat other- 1 ' wise. If the old Phil, stage dresses are now being worn in Bond-street - ' no wonder the shopmen r a shed to the doors. But why didn't the ' police interfere ? — — - ^ ^ The organ fiend has reached Mel bourne, and the other day one of the tribe turned a tune on outside the ' door of one of the best known local ! ' professors, who lives somewhere near - '- Evelyn -street, East Melbourne, and , who, at that moment, was deep in f- the composition of a eonata in B 1 sharp, or B flat, or B round, or don't B a thundering idiot, or something fit of that kind. He was a very irascible { old gent, suffering also from the usual - ;i, Yarra liver, and lie jumped to the - door with the agility of a mosquito ^ on to a bald man's head. Furiously, s'l and with wild gesticulations, he i' ordered that bold Eyetalian to move on, but the man only played the | j harder, and Sons of the Sea was ,4' followed by The Wearing o' the Green, and that by Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ay, and iff other new and original compositions. §! At last one of Melbourne's own | Irish policemen trotted away from the ;| housemaid round in Spring-street, || and old ice cream was taken to the lock-up — organ and all. At the t'l police court the magistrate asked him jp why he did not leave when told. 4 Me no understan mooch Inglese,' j I was the reply. 4 Well,' said the M magistrate, 4 but you must have understood his gestures — hismotionf.' 4 No ; I tinkee he come to dance,' j was the rejoiner, 4 and play all de I f - more !' And now when that pro- j' fessor hears the word 4 organ ' — oh, hj . 4 Enough's as good as a feast,' and || I guess I've nearly overstepped the mark this week. What 1 Oerta\n\y \ — something soft, though. Here's w luck to you — and to . I BOHEMIAN. 1 Photo hy Talma, MRS. CARTY SALMON. (Miss Harris). 