FIOTION. THE PHANTOBI PINTO. AN ADVENTURE "WITH THE GHORTEY i .GUARDIAN OF AN ENCHANTED CANON. " XVo'd jest ss woll throw up our hnnds, Fardnor, an lako.th' bock track for, Tucson ; volefl yub on er ralnbow-ehaso, I reckon." It was Lew, mr partnor, wbo said tbis, as wo gazed gloomily down tbo bill upon which wd wore Bionuing. .low wag n cnllu.of tbo desort, Innocent of book-learning . and . tho ways of civilized man, bat. a crook' shot with rillo and rovolvor, nnd a skilful prospector; ho wasblno-oycd, tow-hcaded, ana tho sun and w. . / desert had givon his face tho color of leather. I took him to bo about twonty- fivoyoarsof age, Our acquaintance began in Tucson. I was going along tho main street ond day, when ho stopped mo to ask tno loan of tbe prlco of a meal ; lie was broko and hungry,\ho added. Hla. was not tbo whining pica ot tho beggar, but tho manly re quest of momentary aid of tbo colf-rellant frontlorsman who cxpoots to return tho favor nt eomo future timo, and so I gavo him a dol lar, although I hod nover seen him beforo. Later In tbo day ho hunted mo up to'toll rao of a valley a fow hundred railca away, whero placer gold , was to bo found, and onded by proposing that wo go prospecting In partnership, I to buy the supplies nnd outfit, and ho to lend the way to tho valley, I ngrood and wo sot out tho noxt morning, our effects pocked ou tho back of the i 44 blamcdcst, kiekin'est" mulo, os Low de scribed him, that I bavo cvor, known. For two weeks wo tramped across tho 'blistering desorts of Arizona, nnd nt last arrived where wo could boo down into tho valloy, but only to find it tbo ghost ot ugold-fiold ; it had boon worked out by somebody oIbo, Along the dry bed of a little crook that marked tbo vnl- toy's ccntry woro a thousand holes and ranches, and. os many heaps of sand, which told us that wo had eomo too lato ; in the blazo of tbo sotting sun tho plnco looked utterly deaolato, which but added toour gloom and disappointment. "I'm mighty sorry," Low wont on, 44 but Jm . o n flco 1 1 Mn't lio 'bout It, I rcokon. Taint no uso tor beot over milk wo ain't never had tor spill, though, an' we'd better start back-—'.1 Ho broke off and was. silent ntew momonte, tlion brought his hand down on his thigh, with a hearty slap. " Pardncr, havo ? ncrvo tor givo Ghost Canon or try?" ho exclaimed. "Thoro's gold thoro, U' Jh?r 8fty ; 'vo 6ot tb' grit ter tncklo It If r«b havo. What d'yult say ?" 44 I'm willing," I aosworod; 44 bettor go ihero lhau ompty-handed baoK to Tucson." Low seemed surprised, nnd silently looked mo ovor a fow moments. 44 Ever hear o' Ghost Cannou boforo, pardncr?" ho asked finally. nuiu , -- uut ium cuts no Ugurc, I'll tako your word for it that there's a chance to find gold thorc." 44 Maybo yuh'vo heard of it by its Moxlkin namo, 4 Canon Encnnlada'?" Low per- sltod, his volco sinking almost to a whis per 44 No, I think not," I replied. 44 But whv do you ask?" 3 44 Wh'y, 'twas right there 't th Morris party was wiped out by Tachcs, thrco years ago ; yuh'vo licawl o' that klllln', I reckon," ho answered. Ho referred to tbo murder of Tom Morris and four companions by Apache Indians. 1 44 Oh, yes, I'vo heard of It, but I didn't just whero tho killing took placo," I said. "Arc you afraid somo of. tbo Indians nre still there?" 44 No, that ain't what bluffs mo," he re plied; 44 It's th' pinto pony— th canon's haunted." "Haunted 1" I oxclaimcd, derisively. "Well, if wo find gold in tho canon wo'll root tho ghost out, ch? What about tho pinto pony?" < Lew slowly shook his head. 44 Th plnto's jest where th' gbostoomcsin— bo'sth' ghost," ho said seriously. , I looked Lew in4' tho faco and laughed heartily. , . "Laugh if yuh want," ho said, solemnly, "hut it's straight goods I'm givln' yuu. Ain t never boon or man yet as wont in that canon nn' eomo out Again, oxeop' jest one, cr gronscr, an' it plumb locoed bim ; ever sinco I then bo's done nothln' but mouth an mouth 'bout th' pinto pony what don't leavo no trail. I'd rather bo dead than crazy liko that. I cccn th' pinto pony meelf once, but I didn't havo th' norvo ter toiler '1m In th' canon." " Then how is it you want to go now ?" I asked. : Ho grinned sheepishly, and his faco flushed in eplto of its tan. 44 I'm kinder figgerin1 on gcttin' married soon's I get cr stake ahead." ho stammered. 41 Th' little girl's said sho'd havo mo ; sho lives np in Prescott." 44 Ho I Bo that's the way tbo wind sets 1" 2 laughed, " Well, If you nro ready to brave the ghost for tho littlo girl's sake, I'm ready to do It for the gold." 44 Then it's or go 1" Low snldi reaching out and shaking roy hand. . And that was how wo camo to dcefdo to go -prospecting in Ghost Canon. Wo camped where wo woro that night nnd started for tho canon early noxt morning, fol lowing ; iv broad valley lying between two ranges of mountains. It was after nightfall wbon wo nrrival in tho neighborhood of our destination ; all day the mountains had eomo naarerto us . with ovory step, and were now towering nbovo us closo at band on cither side, thoir , rocky sides and pinnoclos gleaming whiter and ghostly in tho bright moonlight. Except our. own, there was' not a raoveraont or sound to break the denth-liko stillness of the dosort. As wo noarcd tho scene of tho massaoro of tbo Morris party, a creepy sensa tion went up my splno, and' I shivered In spite of mysotf at sight of the rough stones, caoh bearing In rudely chiseled lines tbo tell tale' orossod arrows, that marked tbo graves of tho murdered men. 14 This is th' placo, pardncr," Lew said in an awed whisper. 44 Th rod dovils was up in th4 rocks thero, on botb sides, an' th pore hoys dldn't.havo no more show for their lives n cr rabbit. Ughl« but iln't things here ghostly-looldn' ?" Ghostly-looking thoy were, without a doubt I no longor wondered that even a harmless spotted pony had glvon s jch a placo tho reputation of being haunted. 44 It can't bo anything but a pony," I thought, 44 and if tbo gold Is still In tho canon, ho has toy thanks for scaring others away from it." Wo camped where tho valloy narrow id into tbo canon, and I am not ashamed to admit, amfd such surroundings, my sleep that night was n;t ontlrely unbroken. Sun rise tho noxt mornlngjound us busily cook ing our breakfast, and that eaten, wo at once packed up nnd started Into tho canon. We went perhaps half-a-milo when Helen, our pack mule ("Helen Damnation" Low lind christened him immediately nfter receiving a kick from tho animal), snowed a decided objoctlon to going farther; stopping short ; and whistling as though in fear, ho planted iiis forefeet in tho grouud, and would not budge another Inch. 44 Maybe it's cr hunch, pardncr, " Lew said, wratiifuily eurvoying tho stubborn animal; 44 at any rate, we'd just as well try tor gold hero as anywhere olso." Wo unpacked Hotoo, and Low' look a pat and wont to tbo edgo of a pool, remnant of ...» .vt.viiu lum puuicu Miruugu tue canon in tho rainy season, where be fiUcd It with sand, and began washing, whilo I picketed Hclon In a grassy spot where ho could grozo. Presentiy a cry from Low carried me run ning to his side; ho was pointing into tho pan, and lookiog there I saw norhapa a spoonful of gold dust, gloaming dull yellow. 44 WVvo struck 'er rich, pardnerl" Lew cried, trembling -with oxcitcmont. 44 If that ghost of er pinto '11 jest keep away, we'll got our pUo rlgut hero." 44 Nonscnso I There's no such thing as a ghost, Lew," I returned; not here, at any rate." ' Low stared at mo as though ho thought I bad lost my senses. 44 Not?" ho cried; 44 yuh ain't seen that then." And bo raised his arm to point to tbe opposite sldo of tho canon. Whero wo stood tho canon was about three hundred yards wido, and the mountains ou both sides roso almost perpendicularly, some- thing liko a thousand feet nbovo us. Looking wbcro-Low was pointing, I was startled to see a village of half-ruined cllff.dwellings nestling in a great niche high up tho sido ot tbo opposite mountain. Silent as tho grave, and without a sign of human occupancy, it was a strngo, weird eight that, although it was In broad daylight, sont another creepy sensation writhing up roy back. 44 Thoro's ghosts a-plenty round that placo, pardncr,"Low said, earnestly, 44 1 ain't nover seen ono o' tbom dcad- an'»gono Injun towns yet, bat what was haunted ; I'll bet twos right round hero somewhere t pore old Domioguez saw th' pinto pony." I saw that Lew was intensely in earnest, that his belief in ghostly manifestations was too deep- rooted in ignomnco' to bo ovcrcomo by anything I could say. " Well, there may be ghosts hero, ns you ray," I answered, 44 bat if I had a nice littlo girl waiting tor mc, all tho ghosts in Arizona shouldn't atampedo mc from rich dirt liko tbis ; they're not going to do It, asitis," | I did not misjudgo ray man. 44 I'm with ' yuh there, pardnerl" Lew said, with deter- 1 ruination, "These here guns o' mine was made tor biz." J \ I was still gazing at tho village, and sud- . donly caw something that caused mo Jo rafco my hand to tho brim ol my hat so that I might sco bettor. Low Instantly hushed and looked where I was looking. 44 What's tbo matter ? What'd joubco?" ho presently asked, swallowing 14 Ob, nothing ; jast a shadow, I" guess," I answered, carelessly.. At tho moment I bad thought it a human face peering above a crumbling wall, but so great was tbo distance, and so quickly did tho object disappear, I was far from sure what I bad seen, ana I deemed it best not4to arouso Low's suspicious fears to a higher pitch; I did not relish the idea ot boing left alono In tbo canon, and I'was determined to stay there and get tho gold. Low said nothing more, but I could boo tbnt bo was not entirely satisfied ; bo hitched his revolvers round to whero thoy would bo convenient to bis bnod% and sot to. work again. All of that day wc worked bard, and at its closo hod something liko a pound of gold dust to show tor our labor. Naturally I was jubilant and excitably talkative, but Lewis had grown unnsually silent with tbo coming of nlgbt, nnd answered mo only in monosyllables. When ho finished eating his sapper, ho carefully examined his revolvers, and, making bis bed under an ovcrbangirfg rock close by, crept Into bis blankets. I made my bed on a bit of smooth ground on tbo opposito sido of our firo— that nearest tho ruins— and stretched out on it to smoke another pipe ; I was not the least bit sleepy. As I lay thoro gazing with wlde-opon eyes at tho stars abovo rao, suddenly, from not far away, camo tbe gibbering howl of a coyote ; Instantly tho mountain walls took It up, toss ing it back nnd forth until tho canon rang as though nil tho fiends in hades had broken loose. Scarcely realising what I did, with my every norvo tingling and twitching, I sprang wildly to my feet and fired a shot In tbo direction I thought tho mangy littlo beast to bo, and tbe canon roared with the echo. Slowly tho uproar died, away, and then collapsed as a cbucklo camo from Low's dircetion, nnd ho remarked, 44 Beckon yah wouldn't hnvo much show wither ghost, pard- ner, it er poro littlo cuss of er Jcyoto o'n start yuh tor ebootin' wild liko that." I made no answer. I was indignant with myself tor losing my nsrvo so easily. 1 Jay down again, but not to sleep ; I was quivering with norvousoess. Ths coyote did not bowl again— my shot had seared bim away— but the wind roso presently, and began wailing tn »uivs«uciicui«uttvtiuk wiij luu cuciw duovo rao. 44 B-w-i-i-s's-b, oo-oo-oo, r-o-b-h-h," a stronger gust would go sweeping past, and then from across tho canon would eomo a series of faint, mournful sounds, such as sor rowing ghosts might bo expected to utter. I began to understand how Doralngbucz camo to loso his mind through his experience in tho canoo, and X to wish that I were anywhere . else, wben tbe wind dlod away as suddenly as it bad risen, and there was absolute silence. I foil to watching tho stars- again ; the hours dragged slowly by, and at lost. I fell Into n Suddenly I awoko and sat bolt upright, straining my cars tor a repetition of tho sound that waked mo. Soon I heard U again ; it was Helen whistling and plunging in fright." Ho was picketed behind a point of rock wbcre I could not sco him. Hastily I felt under my pillow for my revolvers, but could not find them. Helen's snorting and pluaging grow moro violent with every movement, nnd at last, fearful lest ho break his rope and we loso him, I gavo up hunting my revolvers and - startcd running toward him. The moon was now shining brightly, and when I camo to whero I could see the uiule, I saw something cIbq just beyond him, something that brought mo to a sudden standstill, and tbnt teemed to treezo tho blood in my veins— a beautifully marked piebald pony. Its legs moving natur ally, .but its feet seeming not to touch tho ground. And it was moving directly toward . Paralyzed with, terror, I stood as though grown to tho spot; nearer camo tbo pinto and I tried to yell to Lew, but a harsh rattle was tho only sound my throat would mnke Quivering with fear, Helen was standing ns closo to roe as be conld get. bis rope stretched to the breaking point. Now the piuto was passing clo30 beside hlro, when he suddenly wheeled around, giving a wicked squeal, and, liko a streak of lightning, his heels flashed in tho moonlight, striking the pony with a surprising crash fairly in tbe side. Giviug a strange grunt, tor a pony, the pinto stag- gerod arid fell on Its side, floundering helplessly; tho noxt moment, however, its side burst open, and a naked Apache Indian sprang out and ran at me, a long-biaded knife giitferiog lo bis band. Instantly my super Btltlous- fcan vanished and my muscles regained ibcir power. Unarmed, I turned to. ran ; but my foot tripped, and I felt with tho Indian sprawling oo top of mo. I realized that It was a straggle toy my life, and, yelling to Lew at tbe top of my voico, I grappled with the Apache. Back and forth wo rolled end tumbled, I trying to obtain possession of the knife, and be to pot as end to my struggling with it, .noithcr gaining any ad vantage over tbo othor. Minutes seemed hours. Would Lew never bear, I wondered, my breath coming in sharp gasps, my strength almost gone. . . . How long wo fought I can only. conjecture; tho Indlon'spowers of cnduraocowcro greater than mine, aod at last bo forced me over on my back, bis one baud, clutching my throat, bis other, grasping tbe knife, raked to strike, I saw tbe steel flash and glitter In the moon light, and a sickening fear shot through mo ; the knife was in tbo act of descending, wbon two 6bot9 rang out In quick succession, arid It flew to ono side, wbUo tbo Indian sank down on me, quivering in dratb, Tbo sudden reaction from utter hopelessness to a sense of safety was more than my tortured brain could bear aod I fainted wbere' I lay ; tho next thing I know Lew was pouring water on my face, and I saw that day was breaking. Wbsn I recovered sufficiently' wo mado an examination of tho pony's hide, finding it partially stuffed with grass which rounded It out, giving It a lite-liko appearance, though the deception would bavo been readily de tected bv dovlfobt. Later In the dav. following a faint trail, we climbed up to the cliff village, aud found that the Indian bad made bis bomo in one of tbe bouses. (Scat tered about ibo room were numerous articles taken from tbo men be bad murdered ; among tbcecwcro several rifles and revolvers, but there were no cartridges, wbich explained why tbe Indian hod made uso of his disguise to get near enough to attack with his knife lostead of shooting os at long range. Wo wore not again disturbed in our work, and when wo ot lost exhausted tbo sands of Ghost Canon, wo left it with a sack of dust thai amply paid us tor having dared the phantom pinto. Two months later I danced at Lew's wedding. 