Cycling. Australasian. Championship. It is to be regretted that tho combined championship cycling carnival held at the Exhibition grounds on Saturday afternoon did not attract a larger attendance. Some fillip was needed to advance amateur sport in Brisbane, and the quality of the racing and the largo fields on Saturday afternoon thoroughly warranted a largo attendance. Tho programme comprised 17 events run under the Queensland Cyclists' Union and Queensland Amateur Athletic Association rules, and was carried out under the super vision of a committee from the three local amateur cycling clubs, headed -by the secrc taxy (Mr. W. Holastock). Some little incon venience was caused to spectators by the absence of a scoring-board till the programme had been half gone through. During the afternoon tbe Headquarters Band performed selections of lively music. Two novelties were introduced, in the shape of a bicycle polo match and an exhibition of tbe recently imported motor tricycle.' The event of the day was the hive-mile Australasian Championship. In this event the only southern representative was Mr. C. A. Cameron, of New South Wales. The other great event was • the contest for the Royal Osborne Wheel Race. Both these events drew large fields and the raring in them was of the highest order. The victor in each case was W. Dowd, who has long been regarded as one of the most determined and consistent of Queensland 'amateur cyclists. He has not hitherto shown great sprinting ability, but oh. Saturday he showed championship o'f the best quality. Following are details of the events:— Halt-mile Bicycle Handicap.—First prize, trophy, £4 4s.: second prize, trophy; third prize, trophy, £1 Is. . first heat: H. C. Petersen. 55 yards, 1; R. Harper, 40 yards, 2. Time, 1 mio. C sees. Seven starters. H. H. Thompson, 20 yards, the virtual scratch man, owing to the non-appearance of Cameron, rode a plucky race and finished third. The contest between Petersen and Harper was very keen. Second heat: O. Hrithke, 70 yards, 1; P. D. Franck, 40 yards, '21 Time, 1 min. 5 sees. Eight starters. Richards (10 yards) was too heavily handicapped, and he failed to run into a place, W. Dowd (30 yards) being third. Third heat: W. F. Cos, 40 yards, 1; E. E. H'Coskie, 30 yards, 2. Time, 1 min. 6 sees. Seven starters. White (75 yards), the limit man, led for about half a lap, but Coe and H'Caskie soon displaced him, and raced home in that order, with Priest third. Final heat: O. Meitbke, 70 yards, 1; W. F. Coe, 40 yards, 2; R. Harper, 40 yards, 3. Time, 1 min. 7 1/5 sees. Meitbke maintained his lead throughout, though Harper made a desperate attempt at the finish. Coe rode an excellent race, and by a well-timed sprint staved Harper off at the tape. This was one of the best finishes of the day. Ose-jolb Boys* Race : first prize, trophy; second prize, trophy.—S. C. Joyner, scratch, 1; R. F. Cumming, 45 yards, 2. Time, 3 mins. 32 sees. This event was a series of accidents, and only three finished. Two-sole Royal Osbobxb "Wheel Bags. —First prize, Royal Osborne tandem, value £35 ; second prize, open order, valne £2 ; third prize, trophy, value £1 os. First heat: R. £. Berry, 150 yards, 1; E. J. Dixon, 200 yards, 2 : H. H. Thompson, 70 yards, 3 ; E. E. M'Caslrie, 120 yards, 4. Time, 4 mina. 51 sees. Eleven starters.' The field was soon in a bunch, with Cameron and Richards away to the rear, plodding: along: by themselves. ..The pace was exceedingly fast for some laps; and Cameron retired in the fifth lap. Later on three fell, and gave M'Caskie a chance to bonnce up into a good position. "When 'the hell rang Berry was leading, and his competitors were unable to overtake him. The finish was an exceedingly smart one. Second heat: 5. A. Petersen 180 yards, 1; A. Priest, CO yards, 2 ; W. Dowd, 70 yards, 3; S. C. Joyner, 180 yards, 4. Time, 4 mins. 48 sees. This race produced a good finish for second place. Final heat: W. Dowd, 70 yards, 1; A. Priest, 60 yards, 2; W. F. Coe, 125 yards, 3\. Time, 4 mins. 51 sees. Coe was allowed to start by virtue of being the fastest fifth man in the two heats. Priest rode well till he caught the field. He then went to the front with Joyner on his wheel. An accident occurred in the third lap, and Thompson dropped to the rear, hut he plnckily con tinued the race. Coe next made a dash for the front, with Dowd and Priest following him. M'Caskie seemed played out, and rode hut as a ghost of his former self. At the hell Dowd came to the front and led all the way home, though Priest challenged him once. Dowd won by about"2 yards. OSE-AOT-A-HAIF-MILB NOVICE HANDICAP. —First prize," open order, £3; second prize, trophy, £2 2s.; third prize, trophy.. .S. C. Joyner, 10 yards,!; Gr.H. Rose, 80 yards, 2; 5. A. Petersen, scratch, 3. Time, 3 mins. 47 sees. Eleven starters. Rose soon went to the front, hat White cut him down, and he in his turn was displaced by Jefferiea. At the last lap Petersen showed np in front; and kept that position to the last torn when Joyner rashed up and won on the post; with Rose half a-wheel behind. "Five-mile Austbalasian Championship.— First prize, Sports "Observer" trophy, gold medal, £5 5s.; second prize, trophy; lap priz \ trophy. W. Dowd, I t H. Wilson, 2; F. Richards, 3\. Time, 14 mins. 28 1/5'secs. Ten starters. It was generally anticipated that this would result in a battle for first place between Richards (Queensland) and Cameron (New South Wales),' bat the sequel proved a sur prise and a delight for,the admirers of the plucky winner. In addition to those named, • Berry, Priest, Harper, Thompson, Franck, and Leormonth started. Learmonth -set to work to obtain the lap prize, and made two or three fast dasnes to the front. Berry next made the running, and main tained the lead for a number of laps. Harper next had a try until he was relieved by Ceormohth. While these changes were taking place at the front Cameron and Richards were watching each other closely. Riding fifth, Dowd was behind them on the outside, and pedalled comfortably. Once Richards endeavoured to break np the field, and dashed to the front, bnt the ruck came np to him and the pace slowed down. At the bell Cameron tried to jump the third position, but Priest, Richards, and Dowd were before him. At the engine- shed Dowd made a splendid effort, and rushing round the bend won a splendid race. He was lifted off bit machine and carried shoulder-high round the ring to receive his well-won applause. Bicycle Polo Hatch. This novelty produced a fair amount ui interest, though ou the whole the play or Saturday cannot he said to have given a just idea of the excellence of the game. The teams were: A. V. Dodwell (captain), P. Lough, A. W. Wynard-Joss, and G-. Simp- ' son: against J. B. Dnsinhnry (captain), C. H. Briggs, J. - D. Smith, and D. Cooper. Mr. R. H. Dodwell was the umpire. The game resulted in a win for Durinbury's* team by 4 goals to 3. Pedestrian Events. 150 Tabus Handicap.—first prize, trophy, £3 3s.; second prize, open order, £2; third prize, open order, £1. first heat: .J- J. Cummins (24 yards); second heat: A. Wildman (28 yards); third brat: P. JT. Mahony (26yards); fourth heat; J. A. Hindmarsh (25 yards). Final heat: J. J. Cummins (24 yards), 1; J. P. Mahony (26 yards), 2; J. A. Hind marsh (25 yards), 3. Time, 12 3/5 sees. Cummins m»de a good effort at the finish, and won by about a yard. 440 Yaed3 Handicap ; first. prize, opes order, £3; second prize, trophy; - third priz*?, open order, £1'.—0. Whittick (24 yards), 1; M. J. Fitzgerald (15 yards), 2; J. P. Mahony (8 yards), 3. Time, 53 3/5 sees. This event produced a large field. Whittick was running easily at the finish, with Fitzgerald and Mahony some distance away. ExmnmoN Loxo Juhp.—There were three competitors in tins event—J. Murphy, F. E. Godbold, and A. H. Jones. The Australasian record stood at 9 feet 10£ inches, pat np by J. Murphy on tbB previous Saturday. This distance was beaten by A. H. Jones, who cleared 10 •feet 6 inches, thus establishing a new Australasian record. Murphy and Godbold failed to beat Jones's performance, though the former beat his pre vious performance by jumping io feet.. 