FOR SUNDAY. SERMONS OF THE DAY. A GREAT VICTORY. (By late Rev. C. H. Spurgeon.) 'For whatsoever is born of God overcom etb. the world; -and ,this is the victory that overcometk the 'world, even our faith.' — 1 John v 4. ' The text speaks of a great victory— the victory of victories — the greatest of all. We know of great battles where nations have met in strife, and one has overcome the other; but who has read of. a victory that overcame the world? Some will say that Alexander was its conqueror; but I answer, nay. He was himself the vanquished man, ev^n when ail things were in his possession, xle fought for the world and won it, and then mark how it mastered its master, conquered its con queror, and lashed the monarch who had been its scourge. See the royal youth weep ing, and stretching out his hands with idiotic cries, for another world which he might ravage. He seemed, in outward show,: to have overcome the whole earth, but really, within his inmost soul, the earth had con quered him, had overwhelmed himy had wrapped him in the dream of ambi-, tion, girdled him -with' the chains of cGvetousness, so that when he had all, he was still dissatisfied; and, like a poor slave, was' dragged on at the chariot wheels of the world moaningl lamenting, because he could not *r*«i uuuliici. j-iL nuuu ocuac uucs uw* Christian overcome the world? A tough battle, sirs, I -warrant you; not one which carpet knights might win; no easy skirmish that he might win who dashed to battle on some sunshiny day, looked at the, host, then turned his courser's rein, and daintilj' dismounted at the. door of his silken tent—not one which he hall gain who, but a raw recruit to-day, puts on his regimentals and foolishly imagines that one week of service will ensure a crown of glory. Nay, * friends, it is a life-long : war — a fight needing the power of all these muscles, and this . strong heart : a contest which shall want all our strength if .we are to be trium phant, and, if /we do come off more than con querors, it shall be said of,- us, as Hart said of Jesus Christ: 'He had strength enough and none to spare;' a battle at which the stoutest heart might quail, a fight at which the bravest might shake if he did not remem ber that? the Lord is on his side, and, there fore, who shall he fear? of whom shall he be afraid? Ht is the strength of his life ; of whom shall he be afraid? Most of you do just as everybody else does, and that is enough for you. If you see So-and-so do a dishonest thing in business, it is suffi cient for you that everybody else does it. If ye see that the majority of mankind have certain habits, ye succumb, ye yield. Ye think, I suppose, that to march to hell in crowds will help to diminish the fierce heat of the. burning of the bottomless pit, instead of remembering that the more faggots the fiercer will be the flame. .Men usually swim with the stream like a dead fish; it is only the living fish that goes against it. It is only the Christian who despises customs, who does not care for conventionalisms, who only asks himself the question, 'Is it -right or is it wrong? , If it is right I will be singu lar. If there is not another man in this world who will do it I will do it.' However, the text speaks of a great birthi 'Whatsoever is born of God overcometh the world.' This new birth is the mysterious point in all religion. If you preach any ;thing else except the new *birth you will al ways get on well with your hearers; but if you insist that in order to enter heaven there must be a radical change (though this is the doctrine of the Scriptures) it is so unpalat able to mankind in general that you will scarcely get them to listen. Ah! now ye turn away if I begin to tell you that 'ex- cept ye be born of water and of the Spirit, ys cannot enter the kingdom of heaven.' If I tell you that there must be a regenerating influence exerted upon your minds bv the power of the Holy Ghost, theVi I know ye will say, 'It is enthusiasm.' Ah. but it is the enthusiasm of the Bible. There I stand; uy uiis jl win De judged. . it the iJible does not say we: must be born again, then I. give , it. up, but if it does, then do not iistrust that, truth on which your salvation hangs. What- Js . ife- to be boni. again; . then? Very briefly, to. be born agaiii is to undergo i' change so mysterious ; that human words cannot speak : of it: . .] As : we; tennot; describe our first birth, so it is' impossible for us to describe the second. 'The wind bloweth where it listeth, and thou hearest the sound thereof; but canst not tell whence it cometh or whither it goeth : so is everyone that is born of the Spirit^' But, while so mysterious, it is yet a change which is known and felt. People are not born again when they are in bed and asleep, so that they do not know it. They feel it, tEey experience it. This change is a supernatural one. It is not one that a man performs upon himself. It is not leaving off drink and becoming sober; it is not turn ing from a Roman Catholic to a Protestant ; it is not veering round from a Dissenter to a umircnman, or a vjnurcnman to a Dissenter. It is a vast deal more than that. It is a new principle infused, which works in the heart, enters the ,very soul, and moves the entire man. Not:a change of my name, but a re newal of iny nature, so that I am not the man I used to be, but a new man in Christ Jesus. It is a supernatural change— something which miin cannot do, and which only God can effect; which- the Bible itself cannot accom plish without the attendant ^Spirit of God; which no minister's eloquence can bring about —something so mighty and wondrous' that it must be confessed to be the work of God, and God alone. This new birth is an enduring change. If I am really born again, if I have taken Jesus Christ to be my Saviour, and be come possessed by faith of eternal life in Him, I' shall never fall away. I may fall into sin. but I shall not fall finally; I shall stand secure while life lasts ; arid when I die it shall be said — .-; - 'Servant of God, well done! Rest from thy blest employ ; The battle's fought, the victory's won;. Enter thy rest of joy.' .;;.' ' ' There is a great grace. Persons who are born again really dp overcome the world. How is this brought about? ' The text says'; 'This is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith.'1 Christians do not triumph over the world by reason. Not at all. Reason is a' very good thing, arid nobody should find fault with it. Reason is a. candle, but faith is a sun. Well, I prefer the sun, though I do not put out the candle.' I use my reason as a Christian man ; I exercise- it - constantly ; but when I come to real warfare, reason is a wooden sword; it breaks, it snaps; while faith, sword of true Jerusalem metal, cuts to the dividing of soul and body. My text says, 'This is the victory whick overcometli the world, even our faith.' I wantto tell you how it is that faith helps Christians to overcome the world. It always does it ho ittoepathically. N You say, 'That is a singualr idea.' So it may be. The principle is, that 'like cure like.' So does faith overcome the world, by curing like with like. How does faith trample upon the fear of the world? By the fear of God. 'Now,' says the world, 'if you do not do this I will take away your life. If you do not bow down before my false god, you shall be put in yon burning fiery furnace.' 'But,' says the man of faith, 'I fear .him who can destroy' both body and- soul in hell: : True, I may dread you, but I have a greater fear than that. I fear lest I should' displease God ; I tremble lest I should offend my Sovereign.' So the one fear counterbalances the other. How does faith overcome the world's hopes? 'There,' says the world, 'I will give thee this, I will give thee that, if thou wilt be my disciple. There is a hope for you; you shall be. rich, you shall be great.' But faith says, 'f have a hope laid y'up. in heaven ; : a hope which fadeth not away, eternal, incorrupt, amaranthine hope, a golden hope, a crown of life' ; and the hope of glory overcomes 'all the hopes of the world. 'Ah!', says the world,: 'why not follow the example; of ,f your fellows?' 'Because,' says faith, 'I will fol low the'example of Christ.' If the world puts one example' before us, faith put another. 'Oli.. follow the example of such an one; he is wise, and great, and good,' says the world. Says faith, 'I will believe .in and follow Christ; He is the wisest, the greatest, and the bast.' It overcomes example, by ex ample. 'Well,' says the world, 'since thou wilt not be conquered by all this,; come,' I will love thee ; thou shalt be my friend.' Faith says, 'He that is the friend of this world can not to be the friend of God. God loves me.' So he puts love against love ; fear against fear ; hope against hope ; dread against dread ; and so faith' overcomes the world by like curing alike. How many are there here who are born again? Some turn a deaf ear, and say, 'It is all nonsense ; we go- to pur place of worship regularly; put our hymn books and Bibles under our arm,; and we are a very religious sort of people. . 'All, soul ! if I meet you at the bar of judgment, recollect I said— and God's Word said— 'Except ye be born again, ye shall not enter the. Kingdom of Heaven.' Others of you say, 'We cannot' believe that being born again is such a change as you. speak of ; I am a great deal better than I used to be ; I do not swear now. and I am very much reformed.', Sirs, I tell you it is no .little change. It is not mending* the pit cher, but It Is breaking it up and ;Kaving a new one; it is not patching the heart, it. is having, a new heart and a right spirit.' There is nothing but death nnto sin, and life unto righteousness, that will save your souls: There must be a change of heart, real, radical, vital, entire, which only Christ's salvation can effect. 