Short Story. Escorting the Colonel's Wife. One day a mail rider arrived at tlie frontier fort with audi news that a ser geant and six men and an ambulance were ordered out witliin an hour to es cort and convey the Colonel's wife down to the railroad. This was a trip of forty miles. .For the iirst ten miles it was oyer a level piaiu, then the trail ran through , the scrub, along the foothills, over live miles of desert, around the south., base of ? the mountain, and straight down to the rail road. It wad:- a hard, rough trail. It toolc the army waggons from three to5- four days to lfiake the forty miles. :??. We could make it in two if al lowed to' pursue our way -in peace. For year -there had beeii no open act of hostility- on the part of the Indians, but we .hud- known for weeks that they were making ready for an outbreak. It was queer enough that the Colonel should come down to us in person as we stood beside our saddled horses, knowing nothing of wliere we were to go or the object of the trip, but stranger yet that all ' military etiquette' should go out of his voicc and demeanour as he said : 'Men, I am going to send my wife down to. the railroad to go East, you are to be her escort. It is a case of life or death, or she would not go. I am afraid of the Indians, and yet I think you will get through all right. You are to make the best time possible. If at tacked-^-' we snail ueac cnum on., sir, repneu Sergeant. Gregg after waiting halfa ininute for the Colonel to finish. 'I hope.you can. I can only send the seven pf you and a driver. ' Eight men ought to beat off' a hundred Indians, unless taken in ambush.' Be watchful and prudent. Sergeant, you are an old Indian lighter. You will know best what to do. You will get away by 1 o'clock, travel as fast as you can and as late as you can, so as to finish the journey to- morrow. If you are at . tacked—' The Colonel did not'flnisli. He looked at each man and horse, inspected the ambulance and' its 'pair of mules, and with a iialf-nod to us Tib walked away. His wife must go, and, owing to details and sickness, no commissioned officer could be sent along. If the Indians were out an escort of twenty men would not 'be too large. Only eight of us were to go. Had lie finished li's sentence he would have said : ' If attacked, and you are about to fall into the: hands of the red devils, do not ? let my wife be captured alive.' We understood what he meant, though \-- we said nothing to each other. No mat ter wliat lie or any one else feared, tlie little woman was almost merry as she took her seat in the ambulance for the start. She trusted us to the fullest ex tent, and that feeling made every man ' wortli three. Our horses were in fine fettle, and the first ten miles were cover ed in a ga'llop. Then tlie way became so rough that we could only proceed at a walk. We wound through the scruUby cedars and pines to tlie crest of a low mountain, and then descended .into liittle Valley at just 5 o'clock. A dasli across tlie vafley to the base of Blue Mountain would put rfs in camp for tlie night. We had progressed famously well, and had not yet sighted an Indian. Three different times we had to bridge chasms which mountain torrents had ? ? cut out witliin a week, and twice we had tb drag trees and logs out of the path before we couiil go on. Nothing had ?happened wlien we reached the valley, and as we looked around us and across it nothing could be seen to alarm. We had just takeh the ropes off the blocked wheels of the ambulance when the war wlioop of the hostile Indians sounded behind lis, and we looked back over our trail to catch sight of a hundred mount ed warriors bearing down upon us. They had picked our trail and run us down. ''Mount! Now, straight across the \- valley! Fall. in to tlie rear/of the ambu-. lance !' The voice of the old sergeant was hard ? and firm as 'he spoke. Tlie curtains of the ambulance were up, and I glanced at the Colonel's wife.; She had seen andx heard. Her cheeks had paled, but slie was removing a repeating . rifle from its hooks as we fell in behind' the vehicle. It was a clear five-mile dash. The prairie was as level as a floor, and the mules needed 110 urging after hearing the yells of tlie Indians. The soldier driver wound tlie lines about his . hands, braced his feet, and away we went. We had a start of half-a- mi'le. No man looked back. The pace was a hot one and there was cover live miles away. Tlie Indians gained on us, but only inch by inch. Tlie mules took up -such a gait that our horses had to lie right down to it to keep up. Not a word ?was spoken as wo rode, but every ear listened to locate those coming up be hind us. If they came too near we must halt and open fire while the ambulance pushed on. We had almost reached cover before three or four rifle bullets came singing over- our heads. Three minutes later we were among the trees and rocks, and the race wa's ended. Avs the ambulance halted and we flung ourselves off our horses, I looked back and saw n band of at least seventy In .- dians ; almost within rifle-sliot of 11s. ??Tlie road struck the hills at a gulch, and they-dared not follow us into that. ? They gave vent ,td their disappointment by shouts and yells and a \vaste of am .-. munition, and for a few minutes they . liad 110 plain view. ' ' Well; we beat them in a.ialr race,' .-? said the Colonel's wife as she descended from the -ambulance with the rifle in Jier hands, : ' Sergeant Gregg,. what are . you going to do now V . . 'Take cover, ma'am.:' he replied as ? ;. he ?gaveLher.the military salute. ' Yes, of ' course,' slio said as she looked 'abou t; ' Did you ever see a pair of njuies run faster V I might have got ? a shot but' for your men behind. There ». must - be near - a hundred Indians out there, but I guess we're. safe enough ? now.' . ? .-. She rattled on in that fashion while -we were taking the mules from the am '???'?Jjulance and unsaddling our horses, and .' ?it was a great weight off our minds to realise that she would not be a burden on our hands. It was idle to think of ; pursuing our journey in the darkness which would soon close down, and be- . fore morning there would be plenty of Indians on the trail beyond. We must take cover and hope to stand tliein off ?until help arrived, or they grew dis couraged at the siege. As. we were con sulting about location and defence the Colonel's wife came back to us from the mouth of the gulch and said : 'That's the place, over to the left, men, There's a spring 011 that hill, with a good, growth to shelter ail, and you can see plenty of boulders lying about.'' Tlie sergeant had selected the same spot, and an the course of a quarter of an hour we were occupying it. We got the horses and mules up there, but the vehicle was left behind. It was a cone shaped hill amid lialf-a-dozen sudi, biit it commanded the others. It was covered with pines and cedars 'of small growth, and there was a splendid spring right on tlie crest. If the Indians had been fierce in their pursuit, or crafty in their plans, we could not have reached it. It was the outbreak of war again with them, and they were overcautious. They drew back into the valley to con sult, thus giving us a fair show, and we wore snug enougJi when night fell, and they made a dash for us, which we easily repulsed. Darkness found us oc cupying a circle about 40ft. across, with stones and boulders and trees for shelter, and, though the situation was an anxious one and l'uil of danger, all wore in good, spirits. We made a fire between two rocks and cooked our sup pers, and by the use of blankets we put up a tent for the Colonel's wife, though against her protests. After the one single effort of- the Indians, which Was doubtless' more of a reconnaissance than an attack, we were left in peace, though all .-through tlie night we heard sounds to prove they were taking up positions on all sides of us and making ready for tlie morrow. None of us except the woman slept an hour all n'ight long. We used levers to loosen boulders and mil them into the circle,- and with our knives we cut off limbs, and cut down small trees to fur: ther strengthen our fort. We got tlie liorses into a sort of gully below us, and made the position as safe as possible, and when daylight came there was noth ing more to be done. We had above GOO rounds of ammunition, food for three days, and water was at hand. Daybreak found us ready for an at tack. The Colonel's wife took lier place, rifle in hand, between two men, and for ha'lf-an-hour we expected a sudden rush. At the end of that time a single warrior appeared to view at the base of the hill, :and in broken English demanded our surrender. The sergeant answered him that we were ready for them, and at the same time fired a shot which rolled the redskin's pony over. Three minutes later there was a circle of fire about us. Indians had mounted into trees to the right and left of us to get a plunging fire, and from tlie tops of two lower liills they poured in their bullets at random. We simply crouched down behind tlie rocks and smoked our pipes, pleased that they were throwing away their cartridges. At tlie end of an hour they ceased firing. Not a man of us had been touclied, but stray bullets had killed one of the mules and wounded two horses. There would be a rush now, and as we made ready for it tlie Colonel's wife sank down beside me, and quietly said: ' I've tumbled over sage liens and jaclcrabbits, and I ought to be able to hit an Indian. Do I look frightened ?' ' You are as white as a ghost, ma'am,' I answered as I turned to her. ' But I'm all right,' she smilingly said, ' and 'here they come.' so they aid. With every painted war rior yelling at the top of his voice, the entire band charged, us at once, taking in the whole circle. It was ? not until they got close up that we could see any thing to shoot at, and every few seconds the sergeant cried out to us to hold our fire. It was over in a minute. They did not expect to find, us entrenched, and we knocked them oveu like ninepins. I believe we killed or wounded a full 9core, and it took the light out of tliem so thoroughly that not a rifle was fired at us again until afternoon. Then, soon after 2 o'clock, and without the slightest warning, we were charged again, and for three minutes it was a wild melee. We fired into their very faces as they sprang upon the defences, and two warriors were shot down inside our fort, anil both by tlie Colonel's wife. It wes their final and supreme effort, and weil it was for us that it was thus. When we had beaten them off Sergeant Gregg and another man lay dead, four men were badly wounded, and they had cut our animals out of the guldi and run them off. Had the attack lasted a minute longer or been renewed, two. men an(l a woman alone would have opposed it. ? And among the queer things of that last dash was the behaviour, of the Colonel's wife. With my own eyes I saw- her shoot down tlie two warriors who had leaped the breastwork,1 and I believe she killed two or three more out side of it, and yet when' the attack had been repulsed the little woman fell over in a dead faint, and for.-ten minutes we believed her dead from a bullet. When she came back to life she had a fit of weeping, and when that was- over she turned to and attended our hurts and was ready for another brush.' We put in another. night:riglit. there, not knowing tliaF' the - Indians had drawn off, but.soou after ;sunrise next . morning-; were relieved' of all -anxiety by the' appearance; of r a*/ scout, who passed :on and . sent- ;us - aid from the fort. The Colonel's ' wife' -did -not get down to tire -railroad, vfor - that- was tlie opening,' .-of ? a war ~whichv. ilusted for months, , but there was, ino' . blame at tached to- any ; of the -living who re turned to her. . On the contrary, tlie old martinet of a Colonel took each one of us by the hand, breaking over ' mili tary-etiquette' once more in his life, and said ' ''' ?' ? '? ?? 'You 'did well, my man, 'and here's ?my liand on it, and, I won't forget you !' — - San Francisco Chronicle.' 