The secret of the Princess. (By Mrs. SUTHERLAND EDWADS.) CHAPTER llI.—(Contilnued.) "Why, Maudemoiselle, did you not send for me? Nothing would have given me greater pleasure than to pro- tect you from danger. What was it that alarmend you? Not the domovoi, surely? You, a Frenchwoman, must not fear these Slavonian spirits, though as you and I belong to the Catholic church, we have probably no power to exorcise these 'orthlodox' ghosts." "In that case it would have been useless to trouble you." "I hope you were not disturbed?" said Marie. "No, not at all, Princess," replied Tarnowski. "On the contrary, I had rather a lively time of it." "Were you not alone?" enquired Marie. "Monsieur has such an active and vivid imagination, he can easily people his apartment, with numerous kindred spirits," interposed Molle Lefort. "Now confess, cher monsieur, that you were in the realms of fancy compos- ing poetry all night to the accomnpani- ment, of those unearthly sounds with which the poor unhappy people rent the air and nearly drove us out of our senses." "No, Mademoiselle, my poetic powers were in abeyance, and though my midnight companions were indeed kindred spirits, they were not of the poetic or ethereal world, but spirits embodied in fleslh and blood and clad in the habiliments of poor ordinary mortals: sheep-skins, coarse linen, and shoes of bark. But they were kindred spirits all the same, as I remarked be- fore. In fact, the were fugitives from gaol, where they had for many years been paying the penalty of advanced ideas as to the rights of man. One of my unkown guests had been serious- ly woundedt in the chest, by whom, he either could not or would not say. He was the younger of the two. The other was a grand old man who nearly persuaded me to join him in his perilous plans. Only one thing kept me back," said Tarnowski, cast- ing a furtive glance at Marie—"only one consideration, Mademoiselle Le- fort: I should have had to tear my self away from your agreeable so- ciety." Mademoiselle Lefort was consider- ably over forty, and Tarnowski only twenty-four; but that did not in the least matter to our vain little French woman. Princess Marie understood him, and looked down at her desk. Nellie had now entered the room. She came in just as Tanowski was speaking of the stranger's being wounded, which she intuitively con- nected with the episode of the pre- vious night and her mother's agita- tion. She had brought a message. The Princess, not knowing that Marie was studying Latin with Tarnowski, wanted Mademoiselle Lefort to go for a drive with tlhe young Princesses. But Marie pleaded that she had had enough driving the day before and much preferred staying at home. She begged Mademoiselle Lefort, however, to accompany Nellie, who was dressed in her furs and ready to start. "We shall be back in less than an hour," said Nellie. "The Princess wishes us to call and enquire how Madame Volkoff is, and to let her know that we are at Dlubrovina again." Left alone, Tarnowski and the Prin- cess Marie made great progress in the study, not of Tatin or mathematics, but of each other. Marie inquired how he liked being in the country. "I shall like it much if Mademoiselle Lefort will often drive out during our lesson time." he said, taking her small, soft whie hand in his and raising it gently to his lips finding that Marie allowed him to retain her hand in his expressive grasp, and again pressing it to his lips, he said: "I am afraid we shall never again enjoy the opportunities we had during the last week o of our stay in town of conversing unobserved." "Why," replied Marie, "we ought, in a quiet country place like this to see still more of one another. Such at least is my hope. ""Yes my' beautiful goddess! But how is all this to end? I know the Princess Volhonsky will never look favourably. upon my suit, and without you I cannot exist. I am ready to go through fire and water, the very jaws of death, but. mine yot must and shall be, and no one else's. I am but a poor man now, but I feel that I have some thing in me and that I can carry all before me till at last I shall be raised upon such a pinicle of greatness that even the proud Princess Volhonsky, the descendant of the great Rurik, will not think me an unequal match for her lovely daughter. Oh, my aspira- tions are indeed greatl. But this is madness!" "Do you mean that you will be an other Pushkin or a Lemontoff ? Please don't,"said Marie' "they both died young, and I do not wish to be left alone in the world; I too could not live without you and should have to follow you to an early grave." "What greater happiness could we have," exclaimed Tarnowski, "than to be laid in the same tomb?" "Except, , perhaps," added Marie, "that of living together out of it. I have not yet found this an unpleasant world; and I rather look fonrward to a few balls and dances in Moscow, or even Petersburg, now that we shall be able to travel there by rail; though my mother says that I am not to be pre- sented for two years more. Won't it be delightful when. I go to my first ball! I love dancing, and they say I dance rather well I hope you will be there." "No," replied Tanowski gloomily, 'I certainly shall not be there. I could not bear to see another man place his arm around your waist, even in a waltz; and I do not dance my- self. Here he came a little nearer and was about to encircle her with his arm, when he heard footsteps, and Mademoiselle, Lefort entered. She said: "Still here, Pan Tarnowski? Why it's six o'clock, my dear Marie, and dinner will be served directly. In fact, here ,is Ivan coming to announce it." CHAPTER IV. As soon as the starosta left her. the Princess opened her brother's letter and saw that it was dated from a neigbouring village, where he said he had found refuge in the house of a priest, who had been an old acquain- tance of his in mcore prosperous days. He had with him a friend, a fellow -ualierer in thle same cause as himself; uii ol aidmnirer of hers, Count StoTo iol', the man she had refused in order to nirry old Volhonslky with his an reint licetuires aind still miore antiqua ted idens. "Don't ie alarned," lhe wrote; "I am ioit going to say tanything againist so loyal a silbicct of his Imperial Majes 1ty as the P'rince, your husband. lBy-. tlie- ltve, the limpieror Nicholas did me thie hlonour to visit mie in myn cell in the fortress of lPeter and Pauil at St. l'etcrsburg, wthen his Majesty inform ted me that hie was imaking prepara tions for war against 'lTurkey, and swoult require some good comimnnders io head:l the troopls. lie tlhought it a pity so many brave men like myself slouiitl remain inactive, and hoped limut after so protracted a confinement Ihad at last got to see the evil of my iways, iand withl riiper years had be colllne a wsiser mian. lIe inquired gra ciously lhowv I passed imy time. I in f(rnmed himi that. nmy falvourite oecupla tioin was reading, snd tthat the books I preferred were, anionig others, Mlon tcsquieu's Esplrit des Lois, Delolmne, on tihe Iinglishl Constitution, and Schil ler's W\illiami Tell. I added that dur ing my confinement I lhad, by constant stuldy of Johnson's l)ictionary, ac tquired a sumiciently exact knowledge of the E:mglish language, whvmichl I had als'ay-s vtpokeni tolerably well. Nicho Ihs Iithen ulddressed me in English, which-thiaiks to the influence, in curly yoith, of his Caledonian tutor- hie r'cnoune.es; with a strong Scotch aiecent. I renemnlbher hearing one day that when lie hlad been talking English with the English ambassador, he sud denly stoppedl anmd asked, very serious ly, whethelr hie spoke the aInnguage like an English gentleman,. "'Not, perhaps, lilke an English gen tleman,' replied his Excellency, 'bat certainly like a Scotch one.' "The EtmFeror's visit lasted a whlole hour; and before leaving, lie expressed his regret that there remained still 'too muchl smoke' in me, for which reasoL he could not liberato me ais lihe had wished to do. IIe said, lhowever, that I might have a few more books in my cell, and that he would give orders to that effect to the governor of the fortress. I thanked his laMajesty, add ing that lie must excuse me if I could not return his call. "You see, dear Natlalia. I did not expect my liberty so soon. But for tuie was on my side. I found though I did not notice it until after hlie had gone-that the Emperor, with out asling permission, had left a hnudred- rouble note on the table. Luckily, one of the jailers appreciated his lMajesty's liberality mnore than I did. Another turnkey did me the favour to have a fit and die suddenly in mnay cell. I accordingly borrowed his clothes, and. walked out with his keys dangling at my side. I threw them into the moat before making for the heart of the town, where I put up at an lhotel frequented by people of my stamp. "The first person I met was our mu tual friend, Count Storonoff, disguised as a waiter. The proprietor of the hotel furnished me.with a sheepskin, and the usual attire of a peasant, I then. persuaded Storonoff to - accom pamy me, and I had really half a mind to leave -idholas my card. with P. P. C.don it; But I did not happen to have one by me; 'ind prudence prevailing, 'ie took onu- departure quietly that very night, travelling first -by dili gence;, and then on foot5 till ,at last, weary and worn, we reached Dubro vina;.. AvoidingA.he village for fear. bf being recogniised by some 'of the in ]hiabitants, -we imade:straight ii the direction of manor house, meaning to pass to the. right. by .the.woodi- but, teeing lights in several windows, we concluded thna.the family had return ed. Storonotff then vowed he iimist see you once more, '.if only at a distance, and attthe aisk lof beholdinig his suc cessful rivhal at the sam time K Lnow ing your husbahnd's loyal feelings to sni:ds hi.s Tsar,:I natuirally, did not ventuie-to tt'obih hi,,limii-lth my pre sence; nor did I diire:to pass through your entratnce hallY.' 'our servanRts would niturilly sshhi refused to admit twso, unklnown: peasan'ts or, T perhaps, they would have found out :who I was. We, however, met a .iatchman, who tarnied out to bs no othlier than my old friend Anton; and withl? the assistance of: i short ladder, Storonoff managed to climb'as fPr as a lighted window on the second floor.- Wh:t he saw I have not been able to induce liim to tell me, though hlie can scarcely live through the night. His gun must have gone blff of its ofn accord;- probably the trigger caugtht against something; but he fell, styerely wounded In the hand and in the chest. Anton helped m.ae.to .carry' liifi to the wing on the left, where a Polish gentleman ren ered us eiicery assistance we could de site." Aintori :-brought up a horse and sledge, and drove us to this village, to tme house of.our kiid priest. In the tiiuillt of:;:the coishription,s we es caped" *,froian .Dubrovsina unobserved. Address me hbere for the next tivenity four liourt aa'nid if yoit: have any spare eash, I .ieeid'?intasly it swill be thaluk fully received by., . \- I ou?t fuelicd Brtiher V ~A'EL. . a regt to ienin fiom inton thatit -Volsa?ryis io more.t I had not him-ard a4 his de ath btefore.: No body thbou"l? ~? itvothl while to ilnform mne. 'Ifeel'for ,on in your iffliction all ,the same." ?9),: ;"Good ?Godl!';i.-ilaimned the I'iiu cess, di-olpin,~gthe letter :nd burving her face in her hands for a momnent; '"lamt :ihavei I one~ s? wointled perhaps esen' killed;a;??as,: and that . man pior Giregomrie- iStornoff." No, lie must not-slihall :iot die. I will send iii all directions. for a doctor, the best medical h'avdsice tlihit cin be procured! I. vill: go niyself ! ', "Oh, Holy Motheri what am I to db?" And wanoia~like, she first burst into f::lood of ?earis, while in her agnonyaslte paced her room onckwards andi forwards. RIelieved by this out burst,.c she gaduclly became calmer and moge able to 'ieflect." Pavel wants imoney!t He shall' live it, all I can possibly-spare; bht he must share it equally withl the poor sufferer. Heaven grant for my sake as well as his, that his life may be saved." The maid knocked at the door and said the glazier had arrived. "Send Anton in," replied her mis tress, leaning back in her chair with her eyes half closed considering how she should proceed. Thus she remain ed some considerable time. Meanwnhile Anton had arrived and was doing his appointed work. Thile l'rincess continued to refiect. "How far," she asked herself, "ought she to trust this apparently devoted moujik? That lie would be faithful to her brother she had no doubt, but how albout the other fugitive? Anton wqs a native of the Don country, and the people, more especially the young :men of those parts, are remarkabe for their honesty, devotion, and daring. ''They are generally intelligent and active. quick of aplprehension, and Ilpid in action." .\Anton theln was just the sort of man the I'rince.ss needed. When she had at .las; cole to this conclusion and was about to speak, Anton had al ready substituted a fresh pane of glass for thle broken one in the wvin dow, and was creeping out on tip toe in ordler not to disturb his mis tress. Suddenly she addressed him by name. "Stop," she said. "I want to speak to you. I wa.nt you to do something for iie this moment." "I hear!" answered the serf; using the phnise by which, in Russia, infe riors express to superiors their readi ness to obey. "Start at once for Mr. Davidoff's es tate, Otrada, where you will find his doctor, Hier I Marx, aI Genran. Tell him that a poor man is lying ill at Father Popoff's, and is in urgent need of his assistance. Beg him to go with you to the sick man without delay. 1)o not say I sent you. When you reach the reverend father's house, ask for I'avel Sergueitch and deliver into his own hands the letter which I am shout to give you." HIIere she rose and going to the table wrote a few lines, then took froni a cabinet a large pac ket of notes, nearly two thousand roubles, equal at that time to about C300. enclosed them with the letter in an envelope with wax, and handed it to Anton. "When you see my brother ask if you shall go to Moscow for further medical advice." "I hear, barinia. The batushlta (the father, i.e. tie priest) had already dressed the stranger's wounds before I left and had sent off a messenger for Herr Marx, who is probably there al ready." (To be Continued.) 