ZULU NUfiSERY LORE. ' Like most other people, the Zulus iiaT6 their nuisery tales.' So wiote Dr. Callaway, after war js Bitlmp ofCaffiaia in 1BG6: and tjinehow the fa« seetiiB » -ur fi isi g one even loour ijiiLrancr wirite.i f we knew inoi e, we probably n.-t wonder lesa. ' By this lime.' wriwB Max Miiller with regard te these very Zulu traditions,' *' t he study of popular tales bet-r-mo a recognised branch of I lir study t,f intuiktod. It is known that such tales are Uo! ibe inventicn of individusl writers, bat t |la, in Germany as well as even where el&e;, Uiev are llie laat remnants i t f.c ravillu. logy; lhat some of the unuuipul heiot-s the uicknames of old heathen gotle; and that in spile of the j.cWL-iful diluii-,-i liroiiucod ljY the adn:ixlun- - f '.'in ietiaii nle:is, t iie olj heaven of heaiin n h iuoso still be disc 'Vercii in many of the stones now told by Ueiuiiu nurses.' ' From Uii= roint of tiew,' he goes on to to say. the mere fact t In.'. I tic Z\j In., potsttg nursery talrs is curious, Ix caii-p ntsnery tslcs al least such as ireal » f ghosts andfairies ami giants, generally p'-iiil to a distant ciril iisaUon, or at ieast to a lor.g --onlinued national giowlli. Like the anomaii.s of a language, 1 1 rev show by their voiy Eiran«« ness that time enough has pl^psrd for tlie con.-olidation of purely traditior-al formj. lions, and that lime must ItRve l_-cen »lien what is now meaningless or irregular was formed with a purpose, and according t0 rule.' The Zulus, then, have their nursery isle*, and the Jiev. Henry Callawav, M.li , pub lished a few of them, as we have said, in 1865. ? ' They have not hitherto, as far as i know,' lie writes, ' been colltctea. Indeed, it ie probable that their exictence even is tuspec ted but by few, for the won:ea are the 'icpositaries of these tales and it is uot com mon to meet with a man who is well arqt:sin ted with tlrem, or who is irilliug to sj-eafe i.f them in aov i tlier way than as sometliirc nlocli he ha' some dim rrcollccti;;n of having heard his grandmot!:er relate. It has been ru- ea^y mat ter to disg out the following t«lcs: and it is eriilcDl that tnariy of them art hilt fiagjicnts cf sonie moro pctiecl narra tion.' With regard lo thr tales I in-RisrlTes. ' li we admit for tiio i-re^ti.;, ' a.« .Mjx MttlStT observes ia his * Chip* ftom a tirrman nork fhop,' ' in the aLscuce of a:.y tv:denc»! to ttie conlntiy, lint Ilc Zulus rvcre free froai the infittcncc of (in man tniffienanes or Dutch settlers i» the f-.r-.v.-.i ;i-ts of their popular st'iiier, ii is c.-: !-?; r,!y si:, j t isinc lo M e so uiariv points - f ii \ t'etr.cen Hre hcioesof their kia:i!j ant.' uf rur n»r s:-iiee. The in: rod or of ni-.inijl«. 'nvak- ing and act lag t!:e !s tf l.u.-itt beiogs, WiiS long cviJM'b r.-d r:s an on^iuai ttlouglit \- f the t-'retk and t tie Teutonic tnb.'s. We w tii:il f,\\.;clly!hr s u::e kinti tf ' tairul t' .M.-s ' ain-.-i:g t.i:e Zulias . . . The j.1ra that atuorg uiiituals cuniiir^ is more sucoots f«l tiian bntte force— an idrs which p'rviurf tils storifa of liemrcke Kuci.5, and of many other fables — pn d.-aiinuti-s hk'.ntrp :a tlie fabies of 111!' Zttiti*. In tiic J. £end cf the Little llaie, the hare Iie* enterrd into^o with the lion, but bs.ving been iii tieatsd hv the latter.iletermircs tele arensed 'My father,' said he !?? tu? lion, ? we are exposed to the rain am! h::ii: let i:« hoild s hut.' The lion, too lazy lo woifc. Irft u lo sire linrn to -Io, aad * the wjlv runner ' lo*. k the lion's tail and ioterwew; u so clevrrly into the stakes aud reeds --f th»- hut :iist!t remained there c:*nliced for ever, snti the hare had the pleasure of seeing his riral die of hunger aud thirst. Ti:e irick i' i«ot quite, so clever bs that of Beinecke, when he persuades tho bear to go out fisi-.ir-g on ti-* ice; but then tbe l.are cotnpossss Uie 'Iraih of the lion, while ReinecKe by hi$ stratagem only deprive* ttie bear of his oro&tnent;&i; tail.'' One of the various ciiaraolers in ilirs Zulu tales is the boy Uhleksnyans, a rouog r- gue, ' who at first is despised and laa;l!i-d at, but who always succeeds in the end in having the laugh on bis side.' And ' r..- -n the German tales the character of Hrnard the Fox is repeated in a humanised shape :i = n 11 Eulenspiegel, so among tlie Zulsa : In? Uhlakanyaiia rnproducos in ihidv resiseci!' Lhat ' wily rancor ' who brought the lion to an evil end. Uhlakan- ana's victim is a cannibal, and the pair 'have struck up a friendship, and aie going lo th&Kh; thrsr house before ihev sit denti to devour two cows. Uhlakanyana is bent, on having the fat cow. but is afrai'l the ca:M::b»I «ili to him the lean cow; so he snys tothectt nibal, * Let the house be thatched now; tii^n we can eat our meat : you see by t he - kv *, iii,; we shall get wet.' The cannibal said, ' Y'-u are right, child of my sister. ' Uhiakanysna said * Do you (?o it then: 1 will go inei le en-i push the thatctiing-needic ft-r you.' Th cannibal went up. His hair was very, very long. Uhiakanyana went irside and i*usl;r-j the needle for him. He lhatchod in the hair of the cannibal, tying it very lightly: i.e knotted il into the thatch constantly, taki: :; it by separate locks aad fastening it iii ml \ . He saw tlip hair was fast eoctjg^i), snti iha* the cannibal couid not gt-t down. When f:e whs outside, Uhlakanyana went to t he lir^. where the udder ^f ili« cow *as bcilcd. lie took it out and filled liis mouth. The ran nibsl said, ' What are you sb-tut. child cf ;n- sis- ter? Let us jud linisii the it ib#c: ssfi i-i ^?^rds Wf can -lo t hat: we ran do ii I l'niakan\ats leplied, 'Com- .l»«rn', ti-e:-. The cannibal ass: n ted. When he to quit the house, he us unable !.i on:: r. lie crici out. 1 Chiiil ?.f r:iv how have you roar»g«-t! \i-t:r t ji.-it t; Uhlakaoyaaa hai-!. ? See to it v. -in -i-i ' f--: I shall nul have art dirpu'e. n» I am about to cat in : 1 no -;isi u- with anybody. f- r i w. alor.e wilii my It hailed and lair. ed. The canait-al ci.oi --:: the top :-f liie Ih-iis-c; he wus nirt:c» wf h t!i^ hailstoi es, and died llu-re or. th- house. It cleared. UhlaSanyana wmt out. and said. ' Uncle just corns down. It ha« become clear. It no b.ngnr rams, nnd thne ni- longer bail, neither is thre'- hiv more light ning. Why are yon silent ? So 'i'M;ik»n-ari ate his cow alone, and then wei.t ins waj.' C Chips from a German Ww kv!i';v' 'l Ulllakanyana's adventures lennn-ied Pr. Callaway of those of Tom Thumb and ,!uck t he Giant-killer, but he ct!i|n-M::! rUhtr »»t those popular heioes of mir-i ry l»rt in one feal, for ii is re^'t rdrd of hira that he spt.-ke 'before lie was bi-rn,' his precocious elo quence taking the farm of a oiatnorou* de mand for meat. Ou oilier oeiasiou^. however, he was less strikingly original, as ic hie wv--re treacmeut of the cannibal'n mothef. Ou* hero, it appears, has been ' causht by cannibals, and was to be boiled by tiietr mother; so whilo the !?annib'i1s are away, UhlaiTBriyana t*eisiia:ios the old motlset t ?* play wil li l-iiu Bt boiling each other? The gaino was to begin with him, a prc-posal '' wlt:ch the old dame rt-adily asserted. Ihil llr took care to t*re.venl the water from bo:; tfg ami after ha\ uig be. n iu the put b-r .-'?me tirae, he insisted on the obi m--;!i'r!ii- filling her pail of liic hartain. He put her in, and pul no the lid. She ciiei! oui, ' Tske me out, I im scalded to death.' He Nil'!, * No, indeed, yon arc cot. If you were scalded to death, you could not sav so.' -h-* was boiled, and said no re. t'et t.-.it ly, he was a humorous r»-gue, this L'hiakaD.iMDa. I hough his humour was of t he grimmest : and oar svmpathiot*, we must con less, are more with the old woman who wes so wiliiog '«? ' oblige him with a gjme brfoie ftaall; putt'.us him ia th»« jrot. 