^-M* J. * C ^ » ^ C f ] 71 f i fTg] ¥ j f f ^Krt l U l l l O V € J Vj TURF FLOT8AM AHD JETSAM BY " APKMANTIIB'' RAIN has played the dickens wi - h racing recently but then it is ^ood for the country and we mull show our magnanimity by rejoicing inBtead of sorrowing. To start with, the Williamstown meeting had to be postponed until the Mafekine Relief hohdjy, and it is hardly necessary to note that very many of the holiday makers took advantage of the cay to enjoy the meeting at the seaside although I am afraid their Pocket 8 were depleted as a rule. The sport was good, and of course that made up for a lot of disappointment, and 1 am glad to hear from Mr. Sutton that his club made a fair profit over the meeting. THE V.R.C. meeting on Qaeen's Birthday Buttered greatly on account of the weather, and possibly by the fact that the majority of sports had perhaps sore heads and empty pockets owing to the excess of their demonstrative loyalty caused by the relief of Baden Towell. The stewards are to bo commended for their action in securing punctuality at the post on the part of jockeys, and those who were delinquent in this respect had to suffer through their pockets. THE heavy going had a material effect upon the afternoon's transactions, and it is quite possible that there was more than the usual percentage of non-triers. Indeed, 1 heard incidentally that one horse was as "dead as C: esar's ghost," owing to his owner's money being on the first and second in the race. CLAMOROUS was favourite for the Hurdle Race, but did not flatter his supporters, the event falling to Dignity, who had to put up a 71b. penalty for his WilliamBtown victory of the previous day Adam Skirving has the Lord Wilton gelding in good nick, but he only just got home from Insult, with Welfare third. Wait a-Bit made his dtbut in a hurdle race in this event, and jumped well enough to suggest possibilities in the future, but it could not be ex-pected he would carry 12.10 very prominently against seasoned hurdlers. TIIE fine field of seventeen put in an appearance for the Royal Handicap, and backers selected Flint and Maroney, but the fielders got almost a skinner, as Lynch's Horonda appeared on the Ecene and just snatched victory from Kawana and Maroney. La France ran fourth, but Flint never raised the hopes of IH'B army of backers. THE betting on the Imperial Steeplechase was particularly open, as the tieldera called " four to one Rosebud, Blue Peter or Hostile,and five to one bar three. This was in itself very significant. Hi stile and Pirate both came td grief, and Rosebud beat Blue Peter by a couple of lengths, with Spieler close up third. THE principal event of the afternoon was the Birthday Handicap, of a mile and a-half, and no less than fifteen faced the starter, and a strong favourite was found in Shell, who was supposed to be the Queenscliff pea for the last Australian Cup. By Carnage from Chintz is well enough bred for anything, and she simply held the field at her mercy throughout, winning quite comfortably from the Fiemington trained pair, Meteorite and Hurrah. THE Queen's Handicap was for two year-olds only and Dutch Admiral wasa strong order, but the outsider, Examiner, ran away with the race, The Mariner being second and Flagship next. OWING to the blinding rain it was very difficult to distinguish the colours of the horses in the Empress Handicap, but coming down in the straight those o' the disappointing Jerry and Madam were noticed in the van, and they finished in this order in advance of the consistent Aecot. Borromeo was made favourite for the race, but, as usual when well backed, he did not Bhow up at all prominently. He is one of those birds that can eing but won't. MR. GEORGE MAYGER has received magnificent entries for his meeting at Kpsom on Saturday next, and I must anticipate some really good sport, for it is now about time we had a little fine weather to encourage us. RACEOWNERS hardly need reminding that Monday next is the all-important one for their nominations, for not only the winter meetings, but also the still more important events of the spring. In case, however, they should be absent-minded beggars in this matter, I just give them a quiet remindei. 