A SOLDIER'S GHOST STORY. This Is a True Story told fay an Old Pensioner to a former Chaplain of Cholsaa Hospital* In the year 1799 there was a eon at Dover as there was at that time a conslant expectation of an attack Irom France. There ivcre 8U,^I'°X part"' four of which were quartered in the OaaOe. On January ltth there happened an event which made a great impression on t!heprri son, and which wm never explained. Among the men whose duty WM eentry-go on that night was Giles Markham, a native of Tewkeabuay, wlio was what is called a character." A bold, boisterous, rollicking fellow, he always loudly expressed a dis belief in things which were not vouched for ''y0n the niglit of January Uth, 1799, Giles MarUham wont on to talto his turn of sontrj duty at eleven o'clock, and he was to be at hie jiorI until one in tjic morning. Tlie air was cold and bracing. . Within the guardhouse a large fire blazed merrilv. And tho men were merry too. Miirltliam, wlio was alwayethclleu)">BSI»"« among his comrades, was full of fun, and lis.! entertained his comrades with many a story and jest. At length his turn for dull eamb, and ho reluctantly turned out. Duj fell upon the guardhouse when he left, anil most of the men dropped into a dow. The fin*, wob beginning to burn low *hen suihlculy the voice of the sentry at the guardhouse .door was heard calling out, and tome one rushed into tho room. Kvorj one was nwnko in a minuto, and th« intruder was seen to lie Giles Markham H.s cheek. were while, his limbs trembled, his firelork, which he had brought with him, fell with s crash to the ground. The whole of the guard were by this time alarmed, and all crowded round the man and asked in one ' "' What's the matter, MarUham 1 What I ''"tj have" awn my mother,' gasped the un r^HocuThe devil 1' said the sergeant. | - And suppose you have, why did you quit 3""vt'asSf to go into tho sentry-box while my mother was here r demanded Markbam, shaking from head to foot as if in an ague fit. ' f tell yon, I couldn t do it—no, not if it were to save my life.' ' It won'tdo, Markham,' said the sergeant. • Recollect that there are such things as the Articles of War. It won't do to crack your jokes at the expense of them. But Markhain'e manner ao impressed the men that some of them almost unconsciously noted the time by the guardroom clock. It was fivo and-twenty minutes to one, and » memorandum was made of tho time. ' I am sorry for you, Markham, mid the sergeant, • but this must bo reported to the officer, and you must take tho conBcqueneoe. < I don't care what tho consequences may bo, or to whom you report me,' he replied. When the officer nrrived he, of course, de manded an explanation. Markbam ubobsd bv this time recovored hia aolX-oomppaure, then gave the following account of his ad VC'yTu know where my post was,' he said, 'on the platform of Number Five battery, which overlooks the sea. The sentry whom I relieved reported 'All well. Over the surface "f the Channel, as far as my eyes could reach, not a thing was moving. The noises from the town grew every moment loss and less, and at last they du-d awaj , so that When the clocks struck twelve there m-bs not a sound cxnfpt tho roar of the sea. I have often done duty oil that post '"'lore, but never Imve 1 felt tho silence as I did to night. I was thoroughly depressed hi the stillness and loneliness around mo. And then I fell a tbinking. 1 thought of my past li[c, and I knew that it had not been all It ought to have been. I thought of ro} mother, and I remembered how she used to wreep over my father's loose life—sod it was a very loose fife—and how she used to pray that I might turn out a better man than hc was. Poor mother 1 I mood beside the gun, end wept like a baby as I thought of her, and of what she would think ofme now After a time the feeling wore off, and I laughed at myself for giving way to si ly Bcntimenk uliBUi I faced about and walked to the end Of my beat, and then, feeling tired,made for the sentry-box. Sir, you may not believe me, hut as there is a heaven above us, there at the box stood my mother. She was pale, and looked at me with an expression "iso'Tow that cut me to tbo heart, j was glued to the spot. I could not move. 1 heard her voice, fihe said, 'This day twelve months we shall meet again.' Tho words smote mo, and 1U who was novor frightened before, quaked with fear-fear of what I know not. I tried to spook, hut couldn't, At length I fnund feeling return to my legs, and I bolted. Believe mo as you like, every word I have said, air, is true.' ,, , •■Jou have told a strange story, Mark ham,' said the officer, ' to account for your commission of a serious military offeree. But I .will do this much for you. A prisoner you must be, and a report m"«t bo sont,n to morrow to the colonel; hut he shall be told your tale, and as you have been a good ioldierJwillbeg his leniency for you. _You are a native of Tewkctbury, you say. Does yonr mother live there r _ \- *X have every reason to Mippow w, answered Markham. 'It if yf"» «ln« 1 have seen her or written to her 'Very well,' said the officer, your mother shall be written to; and your fats will depend on the answer. Markbam was kept a prisoner that night, and waa reported next morning. Two letters wore despatched by the colonel, one to Markham's mother, and »"otb™ J® ..clergyman of tbo parish in which she was -supposed to reside. In due course there came hack answers to both jotters. One was in the handwriting of Markham s father, and the other from the parson. The latter Btated that he had received an intimation tbc very morning when the colonel s letter coached him that tho woman concerning whom the inquiries had been made was to be buried next day. Markham, s('n"n~. i hi. letter stated that his wife had died at half-past twelve on the night of Jonuory 1 Ith The news made so much impression on the colonel that Markham was released. Time relied on until a year had gone, and Markham's regiment was at Asbford. When i January IHh came round again Markham seemed as healthy as over. He had gone through a hard fatigue duty in the day, and when bedtime came ho gladly tumbled in, fringechoory "Good-night" to his corm rados That was at ten Oclock. hours and a half alterw-ards "neofthemcn Of Markham's company, who had had leave to lie law, came in, and was a hit noisy. Pome of the men woke up, and Markham a voice waa heard saying, 1 am coming, mother.' It was 12.30 on the 14th January. Markham was found dead in hjf bed th next morning, with a peaceful, happy look in his face.. 