THE PART WE KNOW. (By the Rev. Alexander McKenzie, D.D.) 'Silver and gold have I none; but such as I have give I thec.'— :Acts iii. 6. These are very simple words. The thought is neither original nor profound, but it has always been a popular verse. Perhaps this is because we are so often asked to give what we cannot give, or we require ourselves to do what we cannot do, that there is special encouragement in be ing told on high authority that we can only do what, we can and give what we have. The incident itself is familiar. A man lame from his birth was laid at the Beau tiful Gate of the Temnle at the' time of the evening worship. He saw the two Gali leans, Peter and John, entering in, and he* looked to them for an alms. They fastened their eyes upon his longing eyes, and Peter said, 'Silver and gold have I none.' It was silver and gold the man wanted, and 'bis. rising hope fell 'into disappointment. But Peter finished his sentence, 'Such as I have give I t'hee,' acd the man was con tent. The first words are of little account, save as a natural beginning. The latter words hold the force of the sentence. It was of no consequence to Peter or to the man what the Apostle had not; the strength was entirely on tilie positive side. 'What I have' is in itself a strong sen tence. Happily, that which he had was in itself of much greater value than that which he lacked. Salver and gold are of great worth, b.ut they cannot do all things. They can build a hospital, but they cannot create physi cians. They can endow a college, but they cannot make scholars. When we call the physician to our necessity we do not care whether Hie has silver and gold or not, and men have been eminent as college profes sors who were in no wise distinguished by their wealth. Indeed, the need of silver and gold may be a stimulus to exertion, as when the great English lawyer sprang suddenly into his first great cause and. great fame, and assigned as the reason for his remarkable effort that-he felti&is; chil dren, putting at »bia: gown rand: cryjngrr \- 'Father, give us bread.*' On nthe otfiez1: hand, the, ; possession of -ftMl^i may les sen the exertion. When Thomas Aquinas visited Itvnocemt IV:, tike Pope displayed the great treasures of the Church and 'boasted— 'The tame has gone toy when the Church must say, 'Silver and. gold have I none.-' 'Yes,' was the answer of the saintly ctdekH^-'i&nd; the time has gone by when the Cliurch.l'2as- say to a lame man, 'Rise up and walk* ' The wise man knows tae use of wealth, while he keeps himself independent of it. It was a fine assertion of independence made by Bishop Selwyn, of New Zealand, when the authorities in England warned him that if he persisted in his course they should cut down his salary. ''You can get very good fidh here in the bay,' he said, 'and I know a place in the woods where you can dig up roots that you can eat.' What could be more absurd t'han the at tempt to control through his salary the utterances of a man who can live on roots. But if we are not to have silver and gold let us by all means have something. There is so great variety in the wants of men that there is great variety in the help which 'can be given to them. Think bow many things might have been done for this lame man. He' could have been fur nished with money; one who could have done nothing more might have moved him into a comfortaible position against the wal'l, or have drawn his rug over his feet, or brought 'him a piece of bread or a cup of water. But the man in his want repre sents the world and its necessities, and suggests the varied opportunities calling for whatever endowment of skill or strength one may possess. Peter's grace- may not be yours or mine, but it is given to every one of us to have something Which the world needs and which we can give as the manifesting of our life. Let us make sure, by all means, that we have something which the world needs, and that we are using what we have, not hindered by. what we lack. Negative lives are of small value. Negative acts, if there are such things, are not worthy of men in the serious work of life. The re quirements of God do not stop at the nega tives. 'Do not covet' means 'Love.' 'Do not lie' means 'Tell t'he truth.' 'Do not steal' .means 'Give.' .. For our own sake and for the world's sake let us keep on this side of possession and accomplish ment. A colorless life is of no honor and no use. To commend a man -for having no fault is often to reproach a man for having no virtue. Stand for something: have a place and be a force in the world. They asked John the Baptist who he was. He made little account of what he was not; and we are not impressed by his words, 'I am aiot the Christ. I am not ?that Prophet.' It is the positive side of his declaration which, marks the man and asserts his force, 'I am the voice.' The two great confessions in the midst of t-h'e Gospel are confessions upon the positive side — 'Thou art t'he Christ, the Son of the JlW'll^ \JUU, lilUU til U 1. CLC1, U1JIL VII this rock wi51 I build My Church.' There is an expression of great strength used by. St. Paul in writing to the Corin thian Church — 'Ye -are members in parti cular;''' not 'members,' not 'members in general,' not 'members upon the cata logue,' but members with a definite place and work and honor and reward — 'mem- bers an particular.' I am walking with you, and I point to a man whom we see upon the -street, and I say, 'Who is that man?' You answer, 'He is nobody in particular.' 'But he is a man, is he not?' 'Oh, yes, ilie lives here; I meet him fre quently; 5rou will find his' name in the city directory. But that is all; he is nobobdy in particular.' Another day we meet an other man, perhaps more plainly dressed, more simple in his bearing, and I reDeat my question, 'Who is that mam?' 'That man? Why, that is the finest lawyer in ?the town. That mam was governor of the commonwealth. That man is the leading professor in the college.' 'Ah, I see: you have not told me his name, 'but vou have ?told me the man. He is what St. Paul meant; he is somebody 'in particular.' ' A positive life is the life of the highest accomplishment, and is lived in the highest domain. There are many things that we do not know. There is a part of every thing that we do not know. We are all undergraduates in the university of life. But we know in part; that is, in part we know. So St. Paul teacnei us. Use that part. What xve do not know is of little practical value compared with the part that we do know. If I may adapt the saying, our knowledge, however small, is ui gicratcji iiucuunt rimu uui jguuicuiijc:, iiuw ever great. We should be very glad that it is only a part that we know. Life would be dismal, indeed, if we had reached the limit of truth upon any of its broad lines; if there were no more great verities than we have compassed -or can soon compass: if duty and truth .and life were all held within our slender grasp; if there were no more of glory and honor and immortality than we can see and understand and value and make our own. It is the almost limitless extent of truth which makes it Divine, and the ewTess years that are awaiting us are to be filled with the endless attainment of knowledge and grace and life. St. Paul with ail ins visions 01 eternal gra'ce odu me, rujujceu to confess, revelled in the confession, that that in which he was living' passed his knowledge. So St. John, rising to his sublime conception of the character of tlie saints, poured out iiis exultant heart in the great confession. 'Beloved, now. are we the sons of God, and it. doth not yet appear what we shall \\-e.'! But While they knew in part they used the part they knew; they rested tlheir own life upon it; uhey gave it to others for their learning; lihey breathed it upon the world for its inspiration; they believed in the steadily rising sun and the day. that eternally' RhaU grow brighter and brighter. It is little to f?ay that our knowledge.- too. is in patt... Our Icnowledtre of God is very far from perfect. We believe in God the Father Almighty. We know the love of God. Wo rejoice in His providence. But no man hath seen God at any time, nor can see Him. Yet upon this knowledge of God which we do possess we build a life of con fidence, obedience, affection, the strong life of a child of God, to wliom there comes the continual growth in all that is godly and Divine in the nowerof an endless life. We know Jesus Christ, our Lord and Saviour. We know that the Eternal Word was made flesh and has dwelt among ua. We know that life of Divine beauty an,d help. We know the parables of truth and the miracles of mercy, and that He loved the world and gave Himself for it, the Lamb of God, the Saviour of men, for evermore Redeemer and Intercessor. But the method, of 'the Incarnation^we do not know. The full secret of redemption we cannot trace. The secret working of tiie Holy Ghost in the souls of men we cannot define. Yet we open our hearts to the Comforter; we entrust ourselves to the Redeemer; we follow Him, who is the light and the life of jnen. We know in part, -but the part -.we -know is the part i»«j«fl,,:1h iifflV-t-.hfr:pn'rt,ma||1rnripT »fctn. know more, 'istef.ihg fondling of our doubts, but the obedience -of our verities leads up the heights of kaqwlfidgfe. Perhaps there is no better illustration pE the method of Tife^which is here commend ed than that which Is-given in the Gospel in_ the case of the man who ivas -born blind. His ignorance was very great, and his knowledge was very email. Christ came that way and spoke to kim, and bade Mm go watsh in the pool of Siloam. The man 'heard the voice, understood the direc tion, went down the_ hill, and in that very, act made the beginning of a Christian life,' for he hod done at Christ's word, though he had never see'n Christ, what mo* one else had ever done, what he had never dreamed of doing, what no other one would ever have asked him to do. He knew, ?that lie was told to go and watih in Siloam, and he.wenifc. , He came back seeing; and his trouble began. His life. had been an. easy one, narrow, dull, bu't free from great anxiety or large exertion. From that time men who should have Tejoiced in the gift which came to 'him gathered round him to annoy him and accuse him, iio mate his new sight a burden to hum; and evea his father and mother, to whom !he might have looked for sympathy, turned upon/him the hard faces, which seemed to make it hardily worth the wJidle to be able to look upon the features of a friend. The poor man's ignorance was appalling, but shrewdly he took hold of what he knew, and worked simply with that. 'This( man is a sinner,' people said to him. They, denounced, and they would have him denounce, the Stranger who had given him hissight. To all their reasoning he could make no answer. He was wise' in keeping himself free from what he did not know. And finally, when they had wor ried and badgered him to the last, he cried, out with the wit and shrewdness of a man who had done much thinking, still cling-, ing to the part he knew, 'Gentlemen, have compassion upon me. I aai a poor man. I have never had any chance. -I have never been to school. I cannot answer you. I do not know anything about these things you are throwing at me. Whether He be a sinner or no I know not. One tilling I know; that whereas I was blind, now I see.'' On that 'pin-point of his experi ence' he stood, and from it nothing could move him. Well, they turned him out of the Church. So much' they could do. But they could not turn him out of himself or away from Christ. Jesus met him, for He heard that they had cast him out, arid He turned a compassionate look upon the new eyes and said, 'Dost thou believe on the Son of God?' Mark the answer. 'If I knew who He was, I think I shouJd believe on Him'— it was not that he said. . It was a forward, straight-out confession — ''Who is He. Lord, that I might believe on Him?' 'Thou hast both seen Him, and He it is that speaketh with thee.' And he said, 'Lord, I' believe,' and he worshipped rum. j nus irom tue nrsi- moment wnen. Jesus spoke to him to this last moment of revelation the man born blind stood in. front of his ignorance, took what he knew, used what he knew, worked what he knew into his life, and became tlie confessor, the first man to suffer for his faith in Jesus Christ. What wonder that one pf our most brilliant, philosophic preachers' should say, 'When I would know just what Chris tianity is in its last analysis I must make a careful study of what passed between. Jesus and the man born blind?' The times that we are living in greatly need this practical method. Great ques tions of religion and of life are under dis cussion. Nothing escapes the scrutiny of the eager, restless mind of. man. (Tut of this time of scrutiny, the great truths will come, and 'they will not suffer shock. Mean time it 33 a period of unrest, and with many a period of increased uncertainty. With the best intentions, they feel less as sured concerning many matters of faibh which they have held of great account. But study cannot be checked, searching cannot be repressed, and we must wait in faith and patience, in the quiet confidence uiac uie tilings wnicu cannot ana ; ougire not to be shaken will remain. But for our selves, for our personal lifp, for our in fluence in the world, the. only manJy.- rule is that which is.suggesfed to us here by the blind man and by the Apostle— to use what we have, and in the faithful employment of what we know to gain the steady acces sion of knowledge, tfhe constant increase of its truth and power. If it be necessary to write over many a page 'Silver and gold have I none,' .we certainly are able to write over many another page 'Such. as I have.' In the use of what we have let us come to be Christ's disciples. In the use of what we have let us advance to higher discipleship, ever learning, ever teaching, steadily getting, steadily giving. When we take account of life let us give especial heed to that which we have. If we find that we have not the means by which we might do some work which is wafting for us, tihe result is not to be in activity, but fhe doing some other work with the force in our hands. If we had silver and gold we would give them, but oftentimes they cannot meet the want, and oftentimes they are poor gifts. Modern charity 'has! learned the lesson, and is striving to teach it to us, that money is seldom the best gift 'to the poor, but the help to get money, which shall main tain ?scif-respec't, promote industry; and all. trie virDues. it some day 1 nna 1 nave no solver and gold, then let me go down to the beautiful gate of the Temple and work some simple miracle. I can -heln 't'he same kme man; I can. read to some blind man; I cam comfort anid strengthen.; I can bless; and even wanting many things which might be of service, I can do those laTger things which Christ has told me of, saying. 'The works thait I do shailJ.ye-db; and greater works than, these.' Let us not forget that tlris incident of the Temple was» buifc fine picture of His life. Silver and gold, Christ had none. In not one instance in the Goisnel did He give this land of help, but He gave men. strength and com fort and eternal life. On-? thing He al ways had, and He gave tdiat.; ;That one thing every man has, and whatever be his property, every man, like Christ, can- give — Itinwelf. And no man is poor who has himself to give. 