Pure Drink. THE NEW INVENTION. One day I had dinner with an old iady in an African town, and she pro duced a large bottle of champagne, between three of u?. Instead of driukiug ib all, we gob one glass each, and the old dame corked the rest up for the nexb meal. We were guests and couldn't protest. Next meal that beautiful champagne was a poor sort of goosebBrry wine. It was ' flit.' Whut had left it? What mikes wine sparkle and dance and glitter and look alive oud taste gocd .' What goes oat oi sparkling wine when it goe3 'flat'? A chemist) would tell you that CO;: hiis evaporated or stolen away. That rubes the question as to what COn is, and why cau'c we put CO:: back again ? We can ! You take a ' seltzogen ' and watch the process. It's a big, heavy, glass bottle, covered with wicker-work in case of explosion. You put a lot of clean water into ib, and then you fill a receptacle with tartaric acid and carbonate of soJa, and you screw that uptight'. Then you turn the 'selt- zogen ' wrong side up and let the water geb ab ib, and there's trouble. The white powder bubbles and boils and fumes and breathes COj, or, in other words, carbonic acid gas. That gets into the big bottle with the water, and the water absorbs a large quantity of id, and the plain simple water comes out with a rush like chiwnpngne, aud we call ib ' soda water.'1 Suppose you come out to Cooma and look ab the spring, you'll find that it is a first-class efiervescing waber. Why 1 Because ib is charged with carbonic acid ! Then whab is the bottled ' soda water ' thab we use so much of in milk and whisky and ' brandy and soda ? ' Ib is plain water, charged with CO:;. The other day I was out ab a station nearly 100 miles from tho nearest railway, and they had ' soda water ' and all sorbs of efiervescing drinks. Bat they are. bulky. Certainly. Well, out at Ohillagoe, in Northern Queensland, I saw a ' Sparklet,' and I saw ' soda water ' being made in a svay that attracted my attention. As soon as I came back here I resolved on investi gating tlr*t method, and as I know a little bib about chemistry (enough to be aware of my ignorance^ I soon got a chance. Some clever chap s-iw that if yoa could make pure CO-j, anil compress it enormously, you could carry enough of it in your pocket to make hundreds of gallons of ' soda water.' To make the CO:: wa3 easy, because all you've got to do is to burn coke and run the product iuto a tank. But you get a lob of things in the fumes besides CO-j, and the clever chap knew that. The old alchemists thought that the fumes of things were ghosts, and they calif d the gas 'gheist,' or ghost, mid that is where we get our word from. The modern man takes the ' gheist ' of coke and washes ib and scruba it and gets it quite clean. Then he runs it into a tank fall of a strong solution of potash. This is a particu lar sorb of a fluid, and ib won't play with all ghosts. But ib welcomes CO-. All the impure ghosts are turned away ! Having filled the potash water up with COj, the nexb thing is to get it out, and the way to do that is simple. You boil the c*r bonate of potash (ib is potassium car bonate now), and as soon as ib reaches a heat of 21 2y ib bubbles and yells and give3 up its friend, COj, and the clever chap catches it in a big iron cage. Then the clever chap (call him the C.C. ; compresses that with a pressure of 900 lbs. to the square inch and fills tiny little metal ' Sparklets ' with it, and seals them up. These tiny little things, like silver bullets with a tail to them, each contains enough CO- to aerate, say, a pint of water. Theu all you've got to do is to till your 'Sparklet' bottle with cL-ar water, put one of these bullets in, screw down the lid, and — there you are — a beautiful ' soda water.' The ' bullets ' are as cold aa ice when the carbonic acid rushes oub of them into the water ; it makes a cool drink of ib. A queer thing is this. Cham pagne is a good thing for sea-sickness, bub so also ia soda water, only it is cheaper. Thab is because of ths? soothing effect of the COl- on the nerves of the stomach. CO.: is a good, healthy thing to take, aud the CO. who invented this method deserves well of his country. But the main poiub aboub ib for us ia this — you can get a ' Sparkleb ' bcbble to carry in one pocket, and you can carry 'Sparklets ' enough in the other pockeb to provide free drinks for all hands for a week. You minimise- the cosb of carriage, and goo an absolutely pure drink — if you use cliau water ! In an analysis made by bhe ' Lanceb ' in. London they found that the carbonic acids iu the bullets (' Sparklets ') was as near absolutely pure as you could geb ib. There is no 'absolute' in nature, but these contained 97-75 of CO::, and you can't get much nearer to the abso lute chan that). The other fraction of 025 was oxygen and nitrogen, both harmless ghosts. I've gob a 'Sparkleb ' on the oflice table, and you can see what it's like. I'll stand the ' soda ' ; but if you want any firewater, or champagne, or anything, we are strictly ' T.T.' One other point is this : 144 ''Sparklets' weigh three pounds, and occupy a spaso of 'I x 4 x 10 inches deep, and thab is equal to 200 full-sized bobbles of soda water. 'Tommy, let mo help you to aonio of this new (liah. It is called—' ' Xtjver miud what it is culled, auutie Is it a hiulthfood'.'' 'No.' ' Theu I'll tuke some.' ' I* he '? man of much caliber V1' ' ^'', juat uu old-fashioned amooth bore.' The pawnbroker might make an honest politiciuu. Ho ecrtiiiuly keepB his pledgee. Contempt is the proper inmishtnent of uueeUlioi). --' Johnson.' 