Religious DWIGHT L. MOODY: A MAN SENT FROM GOD. BY F. B. MEYER, B.A. "There came a man, sent from God."-John i. 6. God's best gifts to men are men. Constantly God ia sending men. But the greatest gift is a prophet, a man who speaks with a prophet's voice. Tnefe have been prophets throughout these New Testament times—John the Baptist, than whom -no greater prophet ever spoke ; Savonarola, whose voice was heard In Florence ; Luther, whose words rang through the world, and proclaimed the Re formation ; our own Latimer, who thundered at St. Pa"l« Cross. And ao to Whitfield, and Wesley, and Spurgeon, and it is not flattery which to-day dares to append the name of Moody. For what fa a prophet t Group these three together—the direct vision of truth, the impassioned expression of it, end the holy, elevated life that witnesses to the truth, and you have the three necessary con ditions of the prophet. Such a man waa Moody. A prophet tor the most part springs from the ranks of the people.' John the -Baptist, rising from the little obscure village in Judaea ; Latimer the son of a yeoman ; Luther, the son of a miner ; Moody, child of a humble father in a New England village, cultivating a tiny acreage of land. His father died when he was quite a boy ; Ma godly mother reared a large family. He had to fight has way up from the ranks of the people, and hence it was that he had the mother- wit and <he humour and the strong common-sense, and the power of popular speech and address, and was able to use the illustrations and metaphors which are familiar to those who toil on the ground, or who serve in the lower strata of society, and thia man with his stern common-sense, with his home spun talk, with his colloquialisms, with his close relationship with all the daily life of the people, waa able to hold ten thousand people in his hand, and to make every one of them know that he was acquainted with commonplaces and the details of daily life. The prophet as often as not 1b not learned in the teaching of the schools. John the Baptist received has college education In the desert. Often when men go to college velvet is put into their lips. And so the prophet generally passes by the college, and God.teaches him. It was so at least with Moody. A friend paints him at 18 standing in a slisnty which had just been abandon ed in Chicago, ami into which he was gathering some of the rudest, roughest boys and girls of the slums, standing amid them with a number of tal low candles, giving a faint, quivering light, by whioh he was trying to spell out the parable of the Prodigal Son, compelled to miss the long words because he knew not how to pronounce .them. But what matter t Was this a loss to him ? Nay, he was taught by God's Almighty Spirit. There was not an incident in daily life, a process in agriculture, a speech made within his shrewd hearing, from which he did not constantly cull his illustrations ; and, above all, he bait hod himself in one Book, he was a man of one Book, and that Book is a library. The prophet can do without tlie college education. There is often a brusqueness about the prophet. You will have found that in John the Baptist. He was not a man who was found in kings' courts, as Christ said. When he faced Herod, and told him he had no right to have hia brother's wife, there was no veneer about him. Moody feared popu larity. He had noticed how people often gave the messenger the adhesion, the love, they should give to his Master, and so he threw them off. But if there was one poor woman who jvas standing in the crowded aisle for want of a sea*, he would stop the whole meeting to find one for her. Or if there was one poor soul who could not find Christ, i he would stay with him till late at night, and use all his ingenuity to win that soul for Jesus. There was not one so outcast but that he would bo truly kind and gentle to him. The tear could be heard in his voice, and it would falter as he told of the love of God. Brusque if you lake ; yes, but a very tender heart. A prophet ia generally a man who has pone through very definite experiences. John the Baptist had very definite experiences when lie that sent him said, " On whomsoever *y« shall see the Spirit descending that is He"—that is the Christ. And Moody had very distinct experiences. He went to Boston as a lad of 10, ow of tlie roughest boys poasible. He sat in the Bitnday school elk. One day tlie teacher was talking about St. Paul, and Hie lad broke In, "I gue» that was a ■nart man, Paul," The first sign of interest in good things, and the teacher followed it up ; and shortly after, laying his hand on hia shoulder In the store in which he was employed, Mr. Kimball said to him : " WW yon be a Christian ?" and then and Ihera .tho decision was maap, nnd ever after it led him to believe in the reasonableness of expecting instant decision for Christ. Then he wont to Chicago, and was employed in a boot store, and was one of the smartest salesmen $\ey ever had—always truthful, but pushing his trade by every method in his power—and there it was he took the saloon, and began to tench the Sunday scltool olnldrcn. Ho was running the two, his store and his school, and then one day a friend of Ma who was in con* vßumption, and had to leave Chicago for hia home, asked him to accompany him round to soe his class of young women. They took a cab, and aa the dying man came to each young woman he entreated (her to decide for Christ, and within two or three days the whole twenty of than had given their hearts to Christ. They had a meeting in a room before the teacher finally left Chicago ; tho whole twenty girls were there, all Olwistiana now. Moody prayed, and when ho had done, each of the girls prayed in turn, and when he rose from his knees, he said : " My Ood, if you will give me results like this I will give myself entirely up to this work for eternity." He gave notioe, and left tlie store right away, and from Uiat day, though hr> b.-ul to live sometimes on a crust and cheese, and to find for his prayer-room a coal cellar in the V.M.C.A. halls, yet he lived entirely for the salvation of men. It was a very definite e\peri ence, and lie said that changed his life. The prophet has the touch of fire.—John the Baptist bad the touch of the fire of the Holy Ghost, and surely Mr. Moody had. He onoe said Uiat a number of poor women who had attended his ministry told liim tliat "there was a lack in it. He was brilliant, told stories, made *the people smdle, but there was no grip, and they gathered around his platform, and said to him when he came down, " Very good, Mr. Moody, very good indeed to-night, but there is something you hava not got, we are praying for you." And one after noon when he was in New York, he was going along, and an irresistible impulse came upon him that he must be alone to pray. There waa a friend's house near, and he burst into their pre sence and said, " I must liavc a room ; give me a room that I can be alone." They showed him an empty room ; he went in and locked the door : he was there for some hours, but that afternoon he received the baptism of the Holy Ghost, and wlien he went back to Chicago, and began to speak again, they said, " Mr. Moody, you have got it now, Ood has answered our prayer, we will praise Him." And he never lost it. He bad a touch ot fire. His words were so full of a power which eloquence did not give him ; they were just touched with the flame or God's Spirit. Tbis gives a prophet a wonderful pow«er of attracting people. There came a man sent from God whose name was Jolro. and -there went out to him Jerusalem, and all Judaea, and all the country." When Moody came to London the biggest halls were crowded, tens of thousands gathered night after night. But what happened .there was happening all the while in" America. A prophet has such a true ring about Wm. The people, -tired of form, become aware that a real soul is speaking to them who will deal only with the things aa they are, and utter the whole truth without fear or favour. j" There was also such a breadth of heart in Moody. In his own village, when the Romas Catholics built a chapel, he contributed an organ, and when he started building his chapel one after noon he found some cartloads of the best stones of the neighbourhood, which had been quarried and brought by the Roman Catholic community, to show 'their love for him. And when his old mother died, some three years ago, and was carried through tlie snow to her resting-place, the Roman Catholics asked that they might furnish a pall bearer. What were Roman Catholics, or Congre gationalism, or Baptists to him ? The one thing he cared for was the glory of Ood. These were the things that attracted the people. The prophet has his message of repentance. Ho ia not the teacher who preaches, he is not the teacher who elucidates and explains truth ; he ia, rather, the herald who cries Fire 1 who gives the alarm, Repent ! Mr. Moody was always showing men the evil in the present life of sin. Repent I Repent 1 But beneath all that his proclamation was of the love of God. How he could speak about the love of God 1 What an intense belief lie had in it I It seamed as though he were never so eloquent aa when he began to describe tiie lovs of Ood to men. He would break down, tears would flow from his eyes, hia voice would tremble, aa though he could not speak another word when pleading with men, for the love of God's sake, to be reconciled to Him. There is a gentleman ia this church to-day wltose father was one of the great trophies of Mr. Moody's work in thl«» country, and the man that first won him to hear Mr. Moody was here a fortnight ago. And he told me about his own conversion. Being delayed for a night in Dublin by a storm, he saw large numbers of men running together from all parts. He said to them, " Boys, what is up ? A price fight t" " No, yer honour," they said, "no prise fight." " What are you running like this for ? I never saw you take so much interest except for some mischief." "O, yer honour, there is such a wonderful man come." " Who is that ? What is his name 1" " Well, yer honour, I think they call him Moody ; he is a wonderful man." " What docs he talk about t" "He says that God loves such men as we aro, and there is a chance for us ; why, yer honour, come and hear him." Finally, he turned and went with them,'and was wedged in with the crowd, and heard for himself of the. love of God to sinful men. This man, an tndiga planter, 'who was a racehorse owner, and had lived a dissolute life, saw there was a chance for him. He gave hds heart to God, and when h« came to London his first endeavour was to find hia friend and take him to the Opera Hou«. Re pent, yes, because there is a hell hereafter if you will, but there is a hell now, and there la the love of God that waits to save. A prophet is humble. John said, " The latchet of whose shoes I am not worthy to unloose." Moody was aa humble. He seemed the one p.rson who did not know there was a Moody. He seemed to know less about himself than any writer of the Mewspaper knew. A man utterly transparent, ' humble, unobtrusive, simple. This ia true great ness. He was perfectly conscious of approaching end. He gathered his family around him, and during the morning made many thoughtful arrange ments for their comfort, and after giving trium phant testimony to the efncJency of the Gospel at the hour of death, he died in the presence of those who loved him beat on earth, and to whom the whole sympathy of the Christian Church must at this dark hour be given. And now he has gone the world seems much poorer. It seems as if the great troe is down, upon which 'the undergrowth had sheltered itself for so many years. Heaven perhaps seems nearer, but life more lonesome. 