Sessional Work. . Nineteenth. "Week— Sixty-Fifth Day. The Legislative Connoil read the Collide Railway Bili a third time. Something may yet oome of that hill ; its passing through the Assembly will be embalmed in the anuals of our Parliament. - Politically, it will be a sort of Kiama ghost. The Sugar Works Guarantee Acts Amendment. Bill came in for some oaustio oritioism. If one hon. member is to be trusted, under this bill tramways may fib made aoross land other than that owned and pledged by parties coming under the hill. Perhaps this mutter will ho attended to before tho ! hill becomes a statute. The . second reading of the Paoifio Cable, Enabling Bill exoited 'very pleasurable feelings. It is inexplicable that it should; for we all remember, because wo can never forget, that in the first instance, the bait dangled under tho nose of Queensland was that the cable' was to have its Aus tralian terminus "" somewhere on the coast of Queensland. Our southern neighbours never were . likely to grant that concession ; they rested not until a proposal was carried that this cuble should bifork at Fanning Island or somewhere there abouts, ono end of it being' landed in New Zealand. That proposal took the best of tho plums out of the pudding for Queensland, and made it wholly not worth her while to run any rieka or to inour any expenditure about it. How it - i t that this oir- oumstianoq "has been' forgotten;' we:' can not toll ; but eithor it "is forgotten :.or it is not generally known ; for if it werb, how' could this ' jubilation '-arise ? Also-, that .. morbidly BubpioiouaV and correspondingly stupid person,; the hater of the "fat man" in politios, must have been caught napping, or he would not jubilate over the foot of crushing a monopoly when that same circumstance is for the speoial benefit of - his so-called and specially detested " fat man." Also, originally, we were assured by those two excellent individuals, Sandford and Bowell, that the cost of our cables would bo only half a orown per word. In all pro bability the other company will do business at a lower, figure than that. The one regret about the business is that -the- late Sir Thomas M'Hwraith' did uot: live to see the cable laid. - He ' was one of its stanch supporters, and used to say, in his humorous manner, " That little beggar Peuder has always beaten me ; but I'think I've got the better of him now !" Both of. them how are on the other side. The! results will declare the wisdom . or the unwisdom of carrying : out > tho . scheme as it now stands. After some small work concerning the law of evidence, and' the Gladstone to Rockhampton railway, which ap.far as the Council is concerned is a small .affair, the Federal Elections Bill- considerably exeroised lion, members. That fearful and wonderful things tho Federal Convention Act, pardon tbo paradox, contains some wonderful omissions. It may be impossible to pass a looal electoral bill without incorporating some of tho provisions of the federal constitution, aud without amending others of them. Formal business in the Legislative Assembly was confined to u few questions. The figures in . couneotiou .with a. cheap . excursion to Fialba were asked for and supplied,, and the: Seoretary . for Railways refused to ' try to -ascertain . the circulation of tho various newspapers in Brisbane. It would he a task of no -email magnitude to ascer tain the circulation ' of some newspapers included ir. the list supplied -by the querist. In the matter of application No; 542, con cerning . whioh certain ugly rumours are afloat, the Seoretary for Puhiio Lands fenced and finessed a very pertinent question by answering that- the Land Court was not under his oontrol. When Hamlet told Horatio that "There's not a villain living in oil Denmark But he's an arrant knave," Horatio very pertinently replied that it needed no ghost to tell him that. It needs no oraoie to tell us that the Land Court is not under the Minister's control,, hut that was not tho question. The question was specific ally stated, it was asked, , was it the Minister's intention to interfere in the matter ? To give such a reply as that quoted is to engender a. suspicion of hugger-mugger, and to whet the appetite for exact information. The member for Clermont gave notice for production of all papers in connection with the matter, and it may then he worth the while of the House to look into it for more reasons than one. The House went into committee to consider the Kilkivau to Coolabuhia railway. The motion was carried on the voices. Thosamo tliiug happened to the Hugliimdcn to Richmond Railway. Some amendments .in the Collide Railway Bill , mado in the - Council are to he considered in tho Assembly to-day, with what result has to be seen. The Factories and Shops Act Game on ' for committee consideration. We refer at length to this, in another leader. Business done : in the Council; un attempt to alter the Federal. Elections Bill. ' In the Assembly, as above. 