CONINGHAM DIVORCE SUIT.' _ ADDRESSES AND SUMMING UP. Sydney, December 13. %The Coningham divorce ease was re smnned to-day, before Mr. Justice Simp "son. Mr. Want continued his address at length to-day. He spoke for three hours and a half. He said it had been shown that one could not trust one word of these people. The jury must remember what Dr. O'Haran had at stake if he was guilty of this most abominable charge. Occupying the position he did, he should be flogged to death with scorpions. No grave was bad enough for such a man to fill, and no punishment would be too great. But if he were innocent, was there a man in the country more worthy of their admiration and respect? He was innocent, so let him, with esteem and honour, go back among his own co religionists, and be able to hold up his head before 'the whole world, saying: "I have gone before a jury of my fellow countrymen, and been proved innocent upon my oath and before my God." The petitioner, in his address, said he had heard the long discourse of Mr. Want, and regretted that his efforts should have been misused on behalf of such a creature, by whom. he was paid, to. try to prove that black was white. lWas it likely that Dr. O'Haran would admit his guilt? What should be the.punish ment of a man whose duty it was to direct those erring in the paths of virtue, if the charges were proved Judge, he said, of the demeanour of Dr. O'Haran under cross-examination. He pointed out the discrepancies in the evi dence of some of the witnessesfor the co respondent. If there had been a word of blackmail in his letters, the other side would have proved it. There was not a breath of suspicion against the respon dent since her marriage, except this mis conduct. He had fought the case, penni less, against the ablest counsel on the other side surrounded by myrmidons, to do their biddng. Turning round sud denly to the co-respondent, the peti tioner said: "How dare you look me in the face? You know what you have done to my life." The Judga spoke to the petitioner, who apologised. Continuing, the petitioner said £50,000 would not ' have squared him. The other side had never thought that the respondent would' come into court. After the luncheon adjournment the petitioner resumed his address. He spoke for nearly three hours, in the course of which he asked the jury to dis regard the suggestions of collusion, be cause there was no evidence to prove it. He dwelt on the discrepancies in the evidence for the co-respondent, and as serted that Mrs. Coningham had told her story straightforwardly. Mr. Want had asked for a clean cut issue, and that was all he wanted. His Honour, in summing up, read the issues which the jury had to try. The first issue was whether the parties were married on March 11, 1893, about which there was no contest, so the jury might find in favour of the petitioner on that issue. The second issue was whether the defendant had committed adultery with the co-respondent. As he had told them during the. progress of the case, it mignt appear strange to them, but it was quite open to a Judge sitting by himself or a jury to believe under certain circum stances, and according to rne evidence in any particular case, that the respon dent committed adultery with the co-re spondent, althougn they might find ine co-respondent did not commit adultery with the resuondent. There was no question about such a! verdict, for the simple reason that there might be evi dence in the case against the respondent, but no evidence whatever against the co respondent. An admission that she com mitted adultery if proved against her to the satisfaction of the jury was evidence against her, and the judges and juries night find a verdict upon these admis sions, but the admissions of the respon dent outside the court, while they were evidence against her, were no evidence whatever against co-resFondent. That was both law and justice. If the resljondent had not been called as a witness there would not have been a tittle of evidence' against Dr. O'Haran, because her admissions outside the court were no evidence whatever against the co- respondent here. Never since he had been performing - the duties of a Judge in a divorce Court had he met with any case in which the respondent was called as a witness and had admitted her own adultery, and had proved adul tery with the co-respondent. He was not aware of any case where such a thing had arisen. Dr. O'Haran- had given photos to other ladiest and there was no suggestion of impropriety in their cases. 'T'hey had to find on the issues '"Yes" or "No." There was no such thing ~as "Not proven. iTey must consider the prin ciples of the law that the case for the petitioner must be made out to the satisfaction of the jury2 without reason able doubt. The petitioner's story was clear and distinct. There was-the some what parallel case of Ciocci v. Ciocci, In that case the wife sought a judicial separation from her husband, and it had been stated in support of the charge of misconduct made against him that he had been seen talking to a woman of bad character. The husbanid set up the defence that he was a member of a Pri son aid Society, and had spoken to the woman in question in the course of his duty. In that- case the Judge said the presumption in favour of innocence should be acted upon, if there was rea sonable doubt without ocular proof. It was impossible to be. absolutely sertain in cases of this kind, but the law re quired that they should be satisfied, in their own minds. This was not a case in which they could find a ver dict of misconduct against Mrs. Con ingham and not against Dr. O'Haran. That would be almost as serious a thing for the co- respondent as a verdlice against him. Mr. Moss's action in the case was a serious sten to take. It might have a serious -effect upon the minds of the jury. He found no fault with Mr. Moss, and only.referred to it because one witness stated he saw Con ingham going there. What Mr. Want said was also perfectly true. No power could compel Mirs. Coningham to give evidence of her misconduct. There was no attempt on her part to take advan tago of her privileges. She came as a valuntary witness. qhe had a consulta tion withk a barrister having a large practice at Court, and she had not seen fit to be represented at the trial. There had in this case been no defence on the ground of condonahion.. That had no thing to do with the question of mis conduct. In fact, there must be an offence before it could be condoned. Condonation did not dbliterate the offence, but in law it. had a serious bear ing on the case. If Mrs. Coningham had set up and proved condonation, even if the issue had been proved against the co-respondent, the petitioner could not have got a penny damages. and he (his Honour) would have had to dismiss the petition as against Dr. O'Haran. The only way in which condonation came in was.as to how it affected the question. whether these two people were working together. If they believed Mrs. Con inghain, they must find a verdict in fa vour of the petitioner, no matter hew it affected Dr. O'Haran. The consequen eras were almost as serious as if the co respondent were on trial for his life. Charges of blackim.aling had often been made, but that was no reason why in this case the woman's story was not true. The jury Lad nothing to do with those othecr cases. He was sorry ithe doctrine of absolution had, been brought into the case. He always thougiht it was a doctrine of the Church of Rome, and, indeed, of the Christian religion, that if a sin were forgiven, then it was wiped out. One of the ariests did say that absolution was: "I alsnolve thee from.thsi_ ,is in the name of the Fluer Son, and Holy Ghost." There was some difference, as he understood it hetween the explanations given by Father Cree gan and Dr. O'Haran. If the jury be lieved the evidence of Mrs. Atook, Mrs. Johnson, Miss Hollingdale. and Father Byrne, then the story related by Mrs. Cnninaham as to the-occurrences of Jene 29 coufdinot be true. The petitioner said these people had put their heads to gether to get their priest out of it. The evidence of Father Byrne was clear and very important. His Honour then dealt generally with the case, and said the dates 17th of March and 29th of June had an impor'ti~t bearing on the truth or otherwise of the respondent's evi dence. She had not been asked to cor rect her evidence cn these points, but maintained that her story was trac. He did not think the fact of the respondent having had a misfortune in early life affected her credibility. His Honout did not forn.ally closs his summing up be fore the Court adjourned at a quarter to 7 o'clock. w "m Bmw m 