S' The Shadow..of Fernbr ook" A Romance of.Maoriland. By A tha W ,bury.. [ALL RIIGHS IESERVED.J , OILCPTERI IV.. ALTON AND VICTOIISNEI, * .Beforo tho rain, had ceased to rattle 'against the, solid gables of FPernbrook all was in readiness for the performance eif Massinger's fine old comedy, "A \ow Way to Pay Old Debts." Maiy. objec tionsahad been set up and d.emolishci before the dramatus poriomoluwer itt;,l to their ebvoral parts: Lucilly for Ralph Warno, who had th?an ulip~nhini self th6o-'sponsibility oft t the iair, Al ton 4?yp' uirst proved hilunscll ii'i a.ble stage direetor and. manager." Biut, with all his tfact, the oung "author found himself at fault. No one could be found to perform the leading role. In this dilemma two strangers-arrived at the Rock, and were forthwith introduced by the mhster of FiruAbrook.to his guest,.. "These, two gentlemen uare my es peoaid friends," he said. "On the con tinent of Euroel and elsewhere we have sojourned together, sharing the 'saie roof, and the same table: In the nanoe of friendship, I bid them both .welcome to Now, Zealand." The new-comers were evidently men of the world, who know-how to adapt thomselves to mixed, company. In a few hours they were. quite at home, accepted. parts in the comedy, and cin tered into the spirit> of the fuin 'withl the sest of schoolboys let but for a' holiday. -1 Neither of these persoinges was young. The foremost of the twain was ovrging on sixty years of age. Yet he was a mant who had boeir woll preserved, A man who appeared to have taken1icre of number one ahbov all things Ilso. '... "Hi three-scora years sat upon him as lightly as 'forty wintors upon many llmc, Tall, 'but': withat ilight, aild delit-ato looking, thoro i was not it- crease' or wrinkle in the man, from his nose to his toes. .Boyond an undeniable mili tary air, ; wich olumg to hlim like .his tight-fittin g.fock coat, Colonel de'R'o:a aeomed. a well-bred, ,polished, smiling gentleman, at. peace. with himself alid with all the world. Drnunmond Blake, his companion, was :?ltogether unlike the colonel. A giant in stature, and with liibs like another Hercul6s, this man was both gruff and coarse in manner and in speech. iever theloss, there was a good humoured, robust, healthy, devil-may-oaro, high pressure hilarity about him which won himt friends. auongst the company. A keen observer of men would have nao tioed two things in the conduct and naimer of Colonel de Roal and .nis gigantic friend. First, the colonel never lost sight, even foi a. mloment, of the huge proportions of his comrade, while ,.Blake on his part invariably took his one from the other' sometimes by a word, but mostly'by glances well under stood. There wereono keon observers at the Rock, however, except Hiiltoi Fern brook, dr .old Rita, the Maori. 'Pro bably both asr?e .on the .watch, Lnt in different directions. . "What a.grand old place this is, dear Fernbrook," qruth tho coloner, adjust ing his oye-glass over Iis cold, "stcly, blue .eye. 'Thw'o hIns been no .vulnCai architeof her', No :'node"eri 'iaub"of ugly brick and stuceco N.atuhi .hlas aided the builder, or the wise fellow las : takei- advantage of niaturo.-'' Ma toi!' What, bronze! Salliist of Pompeii could he stalk forth from his lava tomb oo side Vqstivius, would stare in wonder: at the magnificent proportions of yon-. dor trellised balcony." Seldom had there been congregated togathc- such a witty, laughter- lortnl group a, tha.t which assembled to wit- ness "A New Way to Pay Old Debts." In the lofty drawing-room there is uc- commodation for double the number nas that which sits in easy indolence before the.crimson curtain hiding the stage.' The gentlemen who are about to take part in the performance are scattered through the aildidnce, laughing. and talking. Ad'early dinner has left them ample time'for gossip'. re the play be gins. AnAmongst. the loungers, Alton Lyndhurst., drawn forth from his shell of reserve, is holding forth on the merits :of Chris Marlowe, Johnston, Webster, -Marston, and a. host of others who have left their nmark on the, era of British drama. His listeners are only a group of five, but they are apprecla tive. One of the number is a lady, a proud, wealthy beauty, with a face'and form as matchless as that of Helen of Troy. How cold and motionless she sits, yet there, is a world of mea.iing in. the far-away look in her eyes. While the fiddles are being tuned, and the players are prepnring for ihonest- Philip Ma-ssinger's mnstorepice,c 'let me take up the wand of Hermes and put back old Father Timeu bv six years. . The. world was younger and brighter Sfor Victorne Hnargrave, then only a strip of a girl, just over her eighteenth birthday, a birthday at which there had been an innocent drinking of tea. ;at Major Hargrave's cottage, on the cliff overlooking the Waitamata. Major Hargravo is a widower and as poor as Job. He is a man who has seeon much.lifo. Ho has fought, for Don Car-' los, and derives his mlilitary title from his servico in Spain. Paris, Madrid, and London have in turn beeon his home. He has spent some portion of his days in South Amrica, and is not unremem bhered in Mexico; but a.t sixty-soven he has had enough of a nomad existence. , l is pleasant to remeomber his wan doiings and relata his adventures while he reposes at ease by his hearth; plea santer still to have his clever, bright, graceful daughter to minister to his wants, and who makes a sovereign go . a far as two disponsod by a duller : housekeeper. His cottago at Parnell is the pink, of neatness, very small, but- seeming much " the snugger for its smallness, daintily furnishod with the relics of Inrger and ': more splendid abodes5 picked up as oc '.. oaion served. Victornno is one of those n ative spirits who rise early. Shlo gives her.t mornings to household duties, and flite about light of foot, with gloved 'haind, and broad' linen apron. ,.. The major, although a soldier of for. :tune,':has -ever been an honest manu. It "'is his boast that hoe has lived amongst S:spendtlhrifts and social Bohemians, and yot paid hia way; that no tailor re " members him with a panig tlhat no ,:ti.me- yellowed. page in 'a. fashionablo .'bookmnakei"' lodger records his dishon '".-oar. In his retirement he amuses nimself -'pith literaturo, and though this pastime "'widens his nanrrow income, he has more :.eride in his achievements than in the remuneration'. The daughter is not so " ell satisfied with her surroundings. r-:She has lived in this seaboard of Anlek Tland for more than ten years, but she 4-,a.dim. recollections of London and Ra'sa, which corein and go in nacr .epe'ory lik'm, dream 'in the "Arabian . l'.,t8. To be rich and powerful, :hat is hoe acmo of her ambition. I .jh asks her father wonderingly, he can exist in this dull antipodes his experiotles of brighter worlds." ':he girl kxaows that with even less \- pdrtunities shoe is more accomplished than mast of her wealthy neighbours . itgi ? b? tes', plays more briUiantly, hma a mor geonral ,capacity for 'learingl I nlow 'things, .agreator deftuess of finger, superior tasto iln dress, aid- more 'kill ii mniiling .uinch out of. little.' iHer atlchr :is" foolishly fond, ioiudly indulgent, jprai s" Vitorino't .-irotty looks hoit sweot voice,o graooful, wii lii:ig' ways, hier clvornoss; "un gneiral good nmannagemnt. Site lives in an at inoslihere of praiso, rises' overy" maori intg to be admired, lies dowli at night pldased with her own beauty andswaot-. The Lyndhurste are theo major's near ,ost and dlearest friends. Motilher and sob are ais'.fond of Viotorilo :as if shie were their own floesh and blood. Often in the siulller gloaimiugn girl mitd boy have olimbed the cliff above tbh.noblo ba'y,i and hero have .watched t.hi: ships glide to and fro, like grins ghost; in the fading twilight. Major ilnargravo i'j a.t his best us a dramiatic critio. Snakespearo is a whole library to hi1. Hoe :is so' libiled his daulghter with a love of the great .drai.atist that the girl has a iveritible passion for the art. She knows overy word of'Juliet, Queen Kathel:rie, Rosa lind, Lady M\tecbeth, .Cordelia, and BIeatrice. Under the major's tuition, Victorine has growsn into a superb elo cutionist." By the wiuter's firl; while her, father smoked his' pipe, shen iias spouted the whole Shakesporii~: .round. He teoachess.her how the most .famous actress of his day used to pause hero, or linger fondly on a word there, or rise at such a. point to indigaan.u pas sioli. He remeomers theg grcat Sid dons how lies'r awful ;whisper wont through the gloom of tlioe theatre as if mocking the evil 'spirits; And Vie torineo hanuo on lis words with delight, and askls him again and, agani to dc scribo that wondrous art. Alton Lyndhurst, is thrie years Vic i111e0-'s senior, and is fighting an up it, fight, for a place in the world of ,.ters. What littlo timb jli can spare i::om his work is deovoted to Major liar grave's daughitbri:for ?thel0poor lieni?iless sc'ibe almost .ws1rships :?5lcr. It is .the .o s gleam of sunilnn' ie In }i drudging li,e to romd Shakespaona withllher, oir to play Romeo to her Julioi. Ther?e is just" onoug!h in' hier iullikoness to all othho; Wyornu tb o-cnich the fanny 'of'?tho dl: 1i iii Vitt mit~tii,,u w i ' mis" b 41Oh uucji?t?js:i eei.llal p, 1.i'?,Q n a nyoulg ra0an of 't.weuly-tiit iruaI be., So on that high cliff, porched ii .tho sea wall,, Alton Lyildhtirst I olls Major Har'gravei's daughter his love. Alas!;'for the infortutmi to scriljo. SWith slianply .hand,-i renting `pa his shloulder, eyes looking into. lis, s words colinug swiftly, ind s itlfs olis bor'no along the clogqiont voics',she! tells hoim that, if sho eould love aaisyouo it would be Alton. If she couh!l forget her ter rible struggles1 with grim ianst, find re-i sign her, hope of :unbounlded wealth and station, it wonld be Sori Alton. ,Bute. it' had beehn the driea'inm o'-lier tfa.ito he conie .rich and powerful; to eii.go ojit of the slough o.f depndi,, and :poverty into the clehi'er light' thit is born, lof affliience. Alton Ly~idhuristi. gas;b'ack inin 'to his work, shuts hinhisel?llup with his books, and striives, as onilyL-eartest Wimen can strive when lonvodiesaud ntllubitioji is bornis I Before "the l el" i oul, V'itot'inoe ur graveo is lmarriod. Amlid the fever c'of'fpiirlssiat d;ry ??s di bate, and the stirlng opiin?o?eu quicken-. ing into life,;n.ud which uill 'legun to agitato eve :thliese "'iaodtc ..coloniists, Alton Lyndhlmjst found ~illt ff. froni liis sbri'o',: . If Mat first hli' fi? 'ti alnd belief iit the imrits' tid go "? o i 'f wiunna h}rf }, li'ort. b i'irthra' ,r: hl.-" s'iri'.ii e iickse y tiinple. o.f . frailst, ".ni oi'y,i?; :h hadl emegced ' again f! t oio sli~ tiandii gs to thie 'll-htf of foinric: diding_ stniiii W\ ork had saved Viiro, rard, ,stern, , nhtlmehin work, Tho .voaic'tiofbrt to orgEt ig ini mad folly and ji esiniption haud' ljuti North a. in ' t.,pla i r ,'t ' the ilibering, mind 'rthi 'sesilti was2 Lfa'me. ti^' ? ictormine Hiiirgi to ha tlne, ittil?ca tion of her darlihg .s ih s itlieeil, 'nias suolhai" 't hlio. niarri , i o oel thqi"la".est lisdowjesi s oin tlho .cqaolny iii hs nb oisoe of good. looks, .youtlh od ,hat ieeossary · oulttiro 'wirich ' led i leal chanrms to love, her husband hm'd iind anco of money. Mono .that we poor,100 dreaming r"gu'ies, rail agh.ins so, bitterly. 1he fitetish whoimi we all taor?, rail ;as we ma1., 0 Ah, innl If ·Mrs: Gayland was 'l ot tidrouighly satisfied mai happy in he:' mariied lifo, it swas-perohanco ho-' enuse she was a woman, ansd not, the fiault of her lord and inastor, who rati fled every whim, overy desiro of her hleanrt, so far as ready cash could ac comnplish it. MMrs. Victorino Gayland went to Eng land, and was absent but. two yeaors when she returned to Now Zealand a widow. Young, beautiful,, accomplished, and wealthy, Victorine Giiyland became the fashion and the. rage auongst the upper ten, who neithor toil ior spin. The wives of.tlhe sqa'tters ndiUdbankors, w-lo had lieretoforo sht'i?ged their fair shoulders at Majot Ha1grav' pluenuiless daughter wore delighted w'itim the bril liant,, captiva.ting, rich young w idow. Tlhoso who had palssed .her coldly by heretofore weoro glad to, meit with al nod of recognition frnh -i"'o qcon, whose word was finual. She hals thought of Altonf Ly.ndhurst betimes in those two years '? hor mar .ied life. Conipri'isons havo.jarried upon ''o sensitive cords of na.ture, wheu slhe nas pitted himi, in imagination, against this money-gotter, who calls her wife. She has thought, of hinm very often in her solitary widowhood, wondcering why he does not come, thinling him ni kind and cruel for withholding his no tico and his praise, now tha ; 'all the world notices and praises hior.' She is amongst the first to reid that book, whlich lifts his nami6 at one bound into notorioty. Ohl! how overy pageo preaches to her of the days that :'o gone, of those unforgottois days wlhn. he was hers, lying at her feet ia the late maultmun twilight with th" broad, full mnoon shining upon the., sen. "fn has laid his. onw, heart upon: tho "dis seating table, anudi anatomoisod its oyery pulsoe. She Imows now how utterly that heart was hers, how torn and wouluded by her. desortion. Slhe comes f,'e to face with lint onco more in thiose Ftyid pages, and the very breath o0f .hit ldvo day comes back to her. She rc'ad~s, ad the smouldering love fla nle up with, a brighter, stronger firo, and she linmis that sho loves Alton Lyslndhurst better far than of old and mnusit so love hln to the enild. Ono day at a garden party giveu liby the popular member for West Audkland, Alton and Victoiuino mcot tagain. 'Lhm bollo of fashion and the rising tauthor are both changed; both are necon. plished in the polite art of solf-rep-es sion. She' greets him with ligraseful tranquility; hle reciprocates sPithi graci ous 'candour. Thoy tnlk of the olid cot trog by the sea wall, of time dear, dear fathelor. From tha.t time tiho idlol of fashion and the populhr, author aro friends, but there is nid word of lovo .betwoeon thieo. "'Teimpunps-ohna rovo .lot.' Cast thy majgie wajld husido, 0 Hermes! Lift the curtnii againu on theo group gathered roimd AlLo?t. ~lndlhurst. Tlio thome is still tI ml ausl.dmho s. SColonel do Iloal is,one of tI e latter party. Watch l 'iil as he pits W th quiob mioni listening to the. talFh er. Thero R's one hugo snoor stamuned irom brony to chin, but it is so sobtle anid 'refined that it appears like a bonign smile onl his face. "I often wonder," lremarks Fmdton Gran.y, a noted musician, who has como down to spend thie winter at the Ruock "I often wonder that among so misiny bqoki writot for this ~ago there aro 'so \-----------------.- - .ofew dnt senet callculated to miikeo pee plo better." "i-My dear sir, goodnes?s from anl na'sthotic, point of vioew is tlti roeV'oro' of intcracting," reOjoii 'ithoe olotll, blandly,. "Yet Goblsulitlr has vxenturcid to de pit, lhar.acturs thal argt almost, fault less,"'. a swers Alt:on. ' Thb" colonel shrugs, his : shuildCdis. "True," hol says ;- "but t.Goldimuith was , humo'urit, and could afford to paint; virteui. Humoulr remoyl the intipidity: of honevolenco with his .loroos. I'Faust is not good, mad Iogo is aimply ex-c orablo; but, where canl you match thorem for interestP'.' Alton ILyndhiurst looks with more at tention at the speaker than he has done hitherto. ' "Thenl you ,dlily that therol co', b, alny interest in the kind of reading which may ten tend to raise the whole tone of ono's beilng?" ho asks. "For my part, I love Tennyson ; one cannotl read him without feeling better and braver." "Nay, virtuo is so simple u matter that it it affords few opportunities for art," responds do eoal in. tho sanmo quiet' tone. "Vice and crimeo are many sided, and offer infinito scope for tec literary anatonrist, One Cleopatra, mighty and fallen, is worth all the cold perfection of your modern heroino." The. stage bell rings as Alton is, about to reply, and that puts an.1 end to all further controversy. Those who take .part in the performance hasto away to dress, and the fiddlers begin to tune for. the, overture. The most diflieult part has fallen upon the mantle of the colonel, but "Sir Giles Ovorreach" fits him as if he' had made it a. lifelong study. . Lady Aldworth finds a worthy representative in Mrs. Viotorino Gay land. The wOlthy widow is an artist o:f the first order, as well as a woman of fashion. 'Nine o'clock l).m.-s Sttli yourselves conmfortabl' in your seats. "A Now Way to Pay, Old Debts," a play .by .Philip Massinger, writtbn two icndrc:l and twenty years age. Such a pieco is just the thiing for a dramwing-room like this one; mad the costumes, so far ai the ladies aro concerned, aoe simply per Up with-lthe curtain, A ioaim in Lady dw?oi'.th. househ. " Boldoir, blue and gold 'brocidloe, ad satin wood. Tlie walls areo paintecd whito,:canved :garlands Sof flowbrs and fruiii adorn :the pnolling. Old venetian, mirrors, r'eflcotmng dark .,;luo doll,.:and rare old porcelainl ~r'int 'i r~clbrook l'i,. hoe r.' i??ta?ed id· .to ftar, ';islh tlmi's ceon ;: ." Tin oolock.-- iThle .phtiuse is lohd and long, I tilton 1'ernbriook; whlio hat bceen lounging about, moody and silent goes behind thel tacones. "AhI 'ition: cher,' how irt you r" cries the colonil. ,iAccept may congri'atulhttles," rophlic tip, Sounger man,; with juist the faintest toudlc of saurasint min li;i vote. 'You ,are winning golden opinious, sir." Colonbl do Roal. leads hini aside. "My'son, if soeno great enthusiast, could suddenly spring ull in our midst and 'raiso' the 'oofs.oft theto people's brains, as Asmodeus 'lifted the roofs off the buildings ,iin teho.'oity of Madrid, what -strange t.hings we should find this pleased .and' happy assembly- pondering Oye?r. Closo by 1tim wing opposite al?l'ud cl rs. Gayland. and Alton Lyadhitirst. "ThIs night will mtak yeou fauousi ' he whispers. sIe hlifts her eyes to his for iin moment, t:heni replics, thoughtfully, "If one ild not seek to win faimo, thlere vould lihe no such It ting as great'ness." Ii' ,st.hi trihi lfatto l;s Li' il woo by goodiie,· itherthei' tlan' talentl,' lie :ui sCers, coldly, and muoves awary. Tbhe close of the entertainmnot, is very brilliant, and merges at? length into a ball,, when polkas and country dunci s usher in tlte grey dawn,.of day, CHIAPTERi V. AMATIEUnI TiEATItICiALS. 'T'ho bull .which followed close on the heels of the dranuatic entertaiui?Oit wasl at; its height,. Fron tlhe half .cir cular gallery above tlto gay throng, it seemecd that the play had Just begun. Thdse who haid taken part, ni the mimic scenes horoatofore wore mergedt into tle pictur', and added toneo an.ud colour to it.., Ai old olock of antique modeil, .ttandin above the bilustiadod stair way,, chimed an hIou'i after midnight as Colouol do Roal passed onward with nmeasured tread to tho suite of rooms boyond assigned toi his use. lIo had not~ changed one joet of his costumno as Sit' Giles Ovorrench, excpt the heavy wigr. lie outored his room, took a wo?t sponge, and carefully rensored all traces of the dark lines which had bean stroaked upon Ihis face by tlio cot tuniors, who bhad given to it the ha:rd.t, stern aspect of the greedy, monoy gtni hiig hIro of tihe Massinger's diralna. This accomplished to Iris satisfaction, the colonel stood before tlhe hulo tmr ro1', and comlplacently stroked Ina large Shoustachlo reflectively for monic con siderable time. At.. the fiurlnther eud of Iho ap;a'rtauent tlhero ivas an old ,.weathcr-beatea trinkl statnding oni. a ~hia.r. .Torn portions of maIny labelcs of dlivors colours still adhered to it, prov ing that it haid been a great traveller in its day. Whatever milght have been the subject of Colonel do Reoal's cogita tions, they evidently Ihad some connect ing link with the valise, for his tlink ing fit ended; he produced a key, un lokeed the receptacile, and took there front some documents, together vith palrt of an old !ionewspilpcr. These he thrust into his doublot. As ]i was about to oloso the trunk a second thought seemed to occur to hlim for he plunged his hatnd amongst its uiscol lane us contents, and drew fortha tumall revolver. "Gaston de Ihoal, you ha-vi existed in this beautiful worldl till you are old andl grey, but your t'ust in luuma.ll n. turo has not been improved by tiiie 'moa ansi. 'Truat n1 one,' ii n good maxim. The greatest military geniius of iany time trusted his friend Brutus, and Ilruitus murdered Ciesar. H.umpthI rest there, my hion1d, till wanted," Iheo ,n tinued, in a, smotherod tono. "Whet one has to play with a skilled gantestor, it is well to have more than one iruup card to hand."' With the s~amio nteasured, boldierly tiroiad, which aplipeared part and parteal of the manc, heo wont out lonloig thi ,'o.r ridor, smilling and bowing with courtly '-graco to.nmany who had takoa posse;sion of the grand staircaso to kiss and flirt, and ascendnig a small ilighgt of stairs ibranchi~ g thereofrom, catered t chani her situ ted ialmost at the apex oud of the building. Tho apartmenlut was :t sort of roetr'ett or inmoking rooem used by ilil toi Fe'ibrook, and on thatt account was hold strictly private from all in trusion by that goetleman's guests. Noverttholcq , t:hio colonel marched in without ceremuony. lilto0 Fom'ibrook was seaited coaning a rough chart ssro;ei'd out on a table before biti, while Iim)othlly Sharpi; his einan, introduced in tliohe firsdt chipt;er of this histin'y a?s ithe 1orromt, stood by, rcady equipped5 is ifmfor a glon tjmn.noy.. I Ih, aIntto' lib0rsnage, wasd cvideily distri te1d at mil'It of thIe intruder, but I Fernibrok roste- qietly, aid nbade his vtsimtr' w{elcome. ,"Wvo will ldeor your dep?itture, ISharl pe :.untlil teli "morning,''" hl saitd, folding' up the niali, and pl?cing it; ii Ian iron box, wich ]he lo(iked. ''Now Igo." ("Prhiy, don'it lt ime distutrb you, imy deiti, ":Ftemnbrook;'' began the colhiel. "IHEsated,i sir. The. llusince.s is cf •: Tile, Forsibt howed and retired, but, ot. .thrsough tho door which do 1Roah had cntoril. Ho- diroW asil'de a thick curtain which divided the iroom fromn a ,deep rct;oss filled with useless guiis, fishing tackl[, etc.,. an t nmiiad hi' exit through 'a'ow dooriway behind it. Theo pastor of Fernbrook pnd his visi tor att', il. filence for soevral 'minutes aftor thQ departuro qi the Flrrpt, "My son, I feel iquiuisitivo to-ight," said the 6oloaol,'ii his blandotab tone, aflter a long piuto.i "I'i. afraid I hlavi [annoyed you by coming lhero unqxpec tedly." "Not at.all.. Colonml do Iota ia juito "'at liberty to go whoro. ho pleases hero atI Fornbrook. But iaiat aro your de siru?" ,"What, is'ehhlld tafla. borotii'1 S"Noiting but0 old lumber nctiul ilatud, the Lod Ukno;wt when or how." "And the doorway thero is in the re ro^SHP" *' - "Leads to a ;passaig opeunig to'the stables beluw,.that's all." "Huniph! , Thii iib hut aL poor, iituat t.ractivo apairtive, 'tilon alhor,' with 1 om nmuiay at, your command, and very nimucl upllorior in the way of ombolllishncits." -.ilton Foribrook turned, and looked full hi the face of his companion. "This room suits mo," he rospundud, slowly. "Hoeo I ant secure from intrn sion. Conme, sir,'.' ho added, nmoro quickly, "you have not tiot glout 'ni. il my don to ask ailly questiban nat two o'clock in the meorning?" "No, my son, cortainly not. By-tlio byo, aro-you certain that we aro Irco frolin mltrutiol i" "As froo.as if we wero outb y'onder oni tlh ocean.'.' "Good!" cried the colonel, in his usunl swioot.l voicO. "After all, I have not conim to toll of ghuosts aind.goblins, and of murders dono at, .iiniiiglt.. Noitlher have I any socrets of church or Utato to unfold at this witching hour. My dear boy, my tolo err:ad is to show you aI paragraph in. tu obld newspapor, which nlty possibly intorest you." ."Thank you. What nowtipaper is it ?" " Tho 'Sydnoy Morning Itorald,' boer iug dato March '13th, 18--"replied Q.,ul colonel. "Twdevo montlhs ago ?" "Exactly." "The 'news in certliuly btale." . "Blnt perlihapl .no' ih le hsS 'iitlintret ing for all that. Sontm kind of'infornia tion, like old wine, is all the better for being old. s14ll 1 read tho p'r. "Do 0so.' D.; Ital druwv lids chaiir i:arcr to lhe 'table, on .-ihicth btood a ?lmUl porfillmed laInp.' Placing his gold eoyo-gluss with duto care ind mllooty, he pulled forth th.e papeo: from hiis doublot, aid' began to road. H'ilty : M 'rnlbroolu looked at Lin comn patlion 'with a smile, butt.it. was tho cold, habitual sumile of the practical ma;n .of the world. Above it tlhe oyes gleacmed with a initst.cr oxpression of disliko, andl.tho brow, frowniid over tho ovye -like Un, overhangiing- tlhuider cloud. * "It is. now ascorttincd beyond a doubt that tho burning wrook seen by the ship '.Durhanl Cihstle,' en voyage to New Zealand wan nino other thian' the schooner Seagull, whliih disappeared so mysetcriously front this port Solmo nmontlhs ago. It will be rememnibred thlat the captain of the Seagull' engaged a crew of six meni for a votyage to TIonga, Fiji Islands. On the ay the: crow muatiniod, und litt the skipper ashoret onl a small island within a day': sail of 'Lluti, andl t.horo left himi to Ins fate: By a. pure chance Captain towlse:. was discovcred and taken on board l'ie s.. Stormbird a; month afterwards, and broughlt on to Sydney more dead 'llni .alixvc, after tcrrible taun'orins., . .'Th rieader paused, aind, lookiug at, his companion, said, "Mil son, what do you think of..it " 11ilion Fornbrook slhrugged his Ibrold shoulders. "Think of what,?.olhet u Wh lt i-o terostl ran 1ihavo inm thel doings of such wrotches ?" "Merely flr, htudy, dear buy. I knowii you are f(liol of describing ithe moLi ' powers whidh' move tiho crilinial claus, Hoar this. 'It is known thslt 'one of the mutinous criw engaged by CaptainuI Bowls, of tho Seaigull,.was boyond doulbt *a noted. criinual. named . Victor Mnu prat, an cesapee frontm Portland prison, Englaud.' "hinuour hath it, tiit, this convietl is well oducated ond of good birth, hi~i father, beingt no less a, poeruionago than M. An.gussto de Maupruit, cousul it Port Royal, and his mother .Beorth Piorpoint, a, Oreole of good faimily in Jamaica, WVost Indies. Hie was sentenced to soven years' penal s?uritiiud for killing a 'British officer irn somc gambliniig blran'l, and lhas sio far manae?cd to clude rie- ci:p ture. It, is also beliioved that anrother of the crew was formerly Maiuprat's man or valet, and who, under the niom do plhuo of the 'Ferroet' wus known, to tlhe continental plolic as the moust brillianl t card-shaltper of the day. Descriptian of theo escapcc:-- "'Mamipra:t, aged aboutt lwenty- seveii, tall andl gotlmnaily; carriage, mili tary ; comnpllxiont, very dark, but dleiL'; head, longp; hair, bhlack and ourly; for'e head, high; black pieroing eyes, well cut noso and l noutlh; fraiio, strongly built; hands aii.d feet mniall. Mauprnl t has ai poculiar gaol mark upon 'is sholdder, which sthould easily lead to the doteootion of this daigoerous ortnt nal.' "Doou thiib piturO remind youi of ian.y one you are acquainted xwith, mly dear Femnbrook?" asks .the colonel, taking his glaus front his oye. "Why should it, Colonel tiCe oald' ''Obligeo m by looling i yonder muir ror whilo I rc-road th.is ldoscr,.ition of the escapod ;onviet, Victor Mailiiprt," says tho colonel, llandly. "Pahawl My dear air," cried tlhe young man, with a sharp laugh, "your jesting is ill-timed. Amuseo yourself i;t my expeous, if it so ploaIse y'ou, hut pray, select a moroe itting model for my likeness." The colonel lixed lhi tglats, and looked at; hiun witlh a, cold stare of sur priso, whioh had. in' it a subtle touch of s:atlaUi humour. "Don't lhe offtlended, boy. 3'o are tnot in a eosting vein to-night," lie says, at the same timo smoothing out the lnows paper on tihn table. "If tihe points in the photograph of outr friund Maulpat do not intorest, you, I will paus on to thoso of the 'Forret.' It roads: "'Joseph Hawke, alias thle Ferret, with a score of other aliuuos too unmier ous to monttion. Height, five fcct; five iniches and a qularter; fresh complexiope, sandy hair, small, grey eyes, p1rominufnt nios inclining towards his loft eheoCk. long scar on upper lip; frame, thiiu a.ind wiry; wadlks with a slight liup.' "Now, my son, if I bCeloged to the police force, I should certainly be' (f opinion that this description .of the ier rob is mnoatb singutlarly like the peri'on age wxho just now loft this apartment, but knowing aus I do, my de(ar IFernIbrI l, that any connection w]iatcvcr bctwloen a felon and yiour 'respeobablo man-ise: vant,, noli matter how startling th'o de scriptivo lilonessa mpy be, i. 111 uttor aibsurdity. I. therefore nerav' your; par dlone." . i SHilton. Fcrnbrook ' laughs outl tlihat straugo laughl againL ;s lhe ri'is to Iight a fresh cigar. lio is fond o umnokinig. It hIelps hiini to think while the colonoel talks and roads, alnd goes o?ifvith lis sceemingly sonsoless' farce of similitudes. D)o Roal watcelis him n s lhe whiffs the fhagraint weed into snidlclouds of bluo va)lourT-wxitches hint with a smilo on thait smoothl, unfatliomablo face of. his, whercon thert is a look bordering on admiration. "You have been very dull, 'mlon cher,' in spito of the riot going on abhoutyou," quothl tIhe colonel, presently. "I saw. you wore, a!d -1. plrop - t hilti:.lIy te sp t.i'y of Ml.aprat.a..d tlhu iii. '1.t:. r?( u si e you lbp a lbit.. 313y poor' plot 1iis failcd. My', labour Jiam heeln in viaih): "?."on-nre not intoeroe. it ol q jet,;". .- " i 7-'. , : - : . · ' I "Nay, you wrong iAm~Mi).M1f1t l~ 1 '.1lin1 fi!led with irati.tudo ogL .oiirl'kind 1'Il dewvour,- 'o .unu?-.. .. ripes.lpdcd . tho other, quitly, "I 'iIest' tho (Icste'p. tion of your col0vc}?t;, 1 '..,i.s lis .i;ui Le, Il'ilnporte,' biear? a-',. sItrn reomblaitb to my poow ?;;lf, oihl, t he ict.uro diravin is son01dwha: . flattliri.og: i, orel 'lth 1 r1s cL. cab apturted, Cohloeld(1 -'0loal'PI "C'ptured.' No. -'lian like thits Vic tor M3Iliprai are iti, .def;ted oli -the liinu laid down in Il h'ciue of .ordiunac "Flatte rig iJgil'.. "a* , nmy son. Whiat chinioriei: at trac.tion an tll 1:iero *pni ,'ibl'y, .*bo.lotweelui a vilo prifioil brei'kerl al' iid the rich :1nd well-b1orl heir (if Fernblirookh The lmiori suppositiol) liotis thl iltaimp of illnanity ilpon it. Fic! Novw here i,1 partl of. anotherO copy 1 of t iln; mine journal 4of laterl dat, wherleinl, wo. hale Ito 0 T1e' ilou enil ole t t t.h .'dlr 1-.lp4i'kc thil up on oiiard tiic. stl.ca;lrlm' Medway, oil lly voya'!t7 ftromn Syd(lley to Now Z!,t 1a1id(, allnd pr'e.itervdlI, heclLusil it conl taineid lan aciCoulllj oC'f t oriribli' catatil tropliho I t in-t-iie, iuriiing of i ship, aud Lth lIom's of ;ll tie crow." "I Rin dull ;at riddcle, my doU1' colonel." "Trih, is noi.t a riddle. Alliuprat, tho colnvict, and hlis tompaiil.ionis perished Ly fire oil I hourd tihe 'Hoa£g,!ll' collouno;r, burab alrt sL a ou Douet.inibher 10th, cight. luontlis ;'aftTc their eceaipo f'roll Norfolk Ibland." "Theun \ictor Alau1prlat is dead?" ex chlinutd t1ilolt FOerulbrook, 1rtiing. froi his sca~t, ill]n co116fro tiliiig the colonlil. "Ayo! du(id!" ololioed the other, rls iitll iho, aill :eioti'ng liInseif face to flace with l i.s coillllinllutl "Will yio rtiela lhowi this. clIver .uoiiindire(l ( ovadcd hlis piurtsiiuit hlow lihe r (Ihicd New .outhli Wilte o01iain((d (iio ey ii, and by aio abl ,suhoito ehlartered 'llti ship, whiclh he denftroyeLd atL I , ,-o tlh ut. eVury vestige of his crilieus .ilh111lt, reliii lu, for ever locked ill thlie dii ..woIb of oblivion. Will you nrad?' : -. "No," criod i the dOther, with tsoleul0 voice. "J'!iougilg (hut. retributionii asi fallcn. ' OtI otf "tiic :?btle. worhking of liy mind thf dei'U..chul)ow-luis departld. Fromliol honUiTfort;li ictorl.' Mal,'uplraL' dtlcaI . " f');;ed! C'olot l. tdu :lloal do'Syut lta, il. 'iLThe affinity bctw0on uis twaill"s r;'eu aiiiidur. A?f nlow, the dread, andt liklnes;, ayo, the very double of lilton lj'til nbro6ik being lied, woll-i--ngty potont, Ktorl), IiiiUlichinlig will-lihall Ias scrt itell'." . . Ai 1 'jpok thlit '(jtimo into his hliand somIe fiace ' ' look which nl1ado it almost hidcous? .'roin red to whit,r and from Vwhiito to 1 d(ill, a;1hy paloesis, and-to a y'Oe deOpl.r t".igC; i 'irat'iy bsC(O o011 tlhe ]ltu1ut c1 ount:,enan1c,..the cilaiigel we/nt 1iid ualii(1 ii1 i'7p7id ,?It5C1A-s01io1i over the cololi'01 vii--:i. J, No lanuishing juiglo tiger over !;iu cY..Yc'd i/lore fierc a;lid glaring thai' 1ii i na1i had. The deadly cobra, rearC d (1t1 (.(1d! ti st'rike it1 vi0 linl, wa, w Ilt i0or0o tdeadly in its attrac tion waku tocL .o lrtl'.'dcortlian in its power of fascinat'ioiio. Aid thore, they stood, tlleos two j.illl, imaster 1ad pupil, both l ltrlong in the l ift of uIieseioric power, and in llh iifluience of will. Thi colontl noted tlh chni'!;i ill hiis comupanlion, oiid 61uiltud. .ilt 4t> tih I'earhrlks oyc! fix .tihemselve:;, Ij It'w eire, uponl his -own, in a vwordl ls,, bloodlc'i, duel of ltrengthl :beitwucrn thlnii..- I.eretofore tlho pupil had bieel do(r'ilc. Aund obedicnt; now\ it watl :I ti:lt,.jo thoe mastery. IFaco 10 face wv'i.tJlhi"a .4itcp, of tach other, thjy .t .inud, ,holl : .. 'e fixed., and..stiat dflnst ;llt- q'p'llihii u1d1l gliltinlg ryls like Jue. 'For a time it, kIcenis i' if- the older ma0n is goinllg to win. ,.He. ii conifidelit, nllil i.uJ, while- his4ipponont, is frowniijg an/d stivuagoe ail0ost to ferocity. 1U less tini? thlun it .t1ik o tqpiol the1o:iilnes, !lie stiilo hll;., faded froli Coluoui l Re lool's lace. H-1.0 In?illu to fe'l -1 ntroungI power 1th11 his 'own g;Latlherih?: lowly, Ilt suroly, 1rolilldlhi inUlil.g1ioli:j, 1Lhis resolves lik1o ita bklid of steel, AS It lIuCeslirist, I ih Ihs beIcI all pwc;rf'nl,' iiucoluilll(0ril)lo. Hof.o feel', he J: ;hihi.tig aubditd .now, in 'lito of his ki:lowledge, in spite or ill he ca>i do. . WVith tbolth shult hIard, uid .Ireuath 1(lic (ikelOtd, like 3omo 1'llnb swnuinilr', 1 thoii(ht oOnIcd to hlini. JIe nloves' l 1is hiSaii'i i"'lc:0cllh of the revol ver hid a\lway in hits, doublet. WVitlhoui te fiilits-t shlildow of .turn inll; fronm t1hllt terrible, fixed loolik ut str;igCll into tlhe expanded oirbl of his advo0lary', Hliltol Fernllbrok notes (ll? o iovoneunt, iand urc,;esse its purpori . E1l1 t.h Coloni ,l ;iin rilie his hiiiitld, tihe olh/r1,: iwift u1.l tiioughlit, eizech i l, iml tlh'i ·s1 r1uotlhilng JnLto the pa0il. If i ludden , word t1rl'ust ]lnid onIteriedl ith? votUl'ilraL' I Ijody, tlUhe ]clik cou1ll Jlntf hlave prodhiceld a more .trikiing chiiingio ii Ilis wlholo manner.i .H. reeled back ward, llad thle pLerpLiration b]egin ito 1alheri' ol h1 I;..i'St.o 1iundelr tlhe ;llouy. }noi. reach the pitol.: T.here is uirder in his de/h're, and a't lii jieii'rt, .jut thel will to act iii ;ojig f1rom. hini. H1o foeols it goi/g, sw'nlloiwced up by the ie riblh cretLuro be1fore him, whose dread ful eyo lhold hii every facult-y in Ion dago. A\\. fow lolllleintsh more1, Iland tlile strong willed niesmclrist is Icuatlin by his own w'po1un.i Witi pallid fio0o, closeC1d (weYs, uand nervolh'i:71; hlids1 clencheCld, Colonel (do lIoal falls; to tIhe loor, a s;Oueolcs, in'rlb mtiw . Hjilton Io ernbrook dIraws ii iong bIecathi, whliol il hliaIf It groanl in its iii tloniiity. For ;1, mnlilOllti h lio diii nd over hii fallou aintn.i stifin ., t. lienit'i os uii, and pilaceO.S him inu hair', luniaies the doibiiil to _4v1 li'ii a;ir, anud wipes the lIoor. ftaca witIhI liis hlandkerchief. "Tho c1ub hlls gro'vil ?liroiiger tlian tlo old lion," Ih mutttered, pouripng out a liaro golllet of ,it1ron" wint whiich ihe oilup)tild lIt I di atlgh., "'Tius miysto>'y of Victor M3auprat, tlhe convict, was but a shitlloVr prhtetxti to work his will on m110. Fool! AuL not I hiL:p-.upil ? Yit m1y muater no loigcr. Could lie n(ot lhave rteasonted Ibettcr tihant to hold iool KU weuli. I, WIhlonIL h, il feChoolcd intol a 50oiblauco of himself. Hlumph! What plap1(ors aro thcse, rolonel ch, 'mion 11ii0r'---tlwo Icttir.:i and a photograph. Why, how is thi: "1 TiLheso missivce aru wr'itte?i by one, w1ho tigls hiuilCf 1il ton 'eirnbrook. I never wrote tlloso opistiles, and a1 no1 it I. Hiltoin e'crn brlook. This plort-rait is the semnbh1i1ce, ni.ay, a faithliful semlillaincll otl my vorY sell', CvenL to till: inosit iniut1 o 1 al't0iotl lur; but- wlho sat for it'? Niob I,. I do her 10 ml1os1t 0oolmnnly 1wetal. H1ow hrow,, old mate?" hel cried, luMing to the silent form .lhofore lhin,' "Wlhoseo lc tteres land piCtl.urCs i1ro these? Speak, if tlhou c::ilist." SThere \ilis l sliglL. quivering of tlioh colonel' .boldy, but tlutt wa.a idl thle un wer l .iven. , ' .. "Pet'cr dc l'toi I(;, conniaind,.thee,' tell 1m'e who1o (ort1i'ail is tIhis I hold in my 1hand, l " cried thle. kt1p1 ''i er nagai, at1 t5he sl0l05e ti.me mnkii'ng srC'al rnl'tl passes acro,, tlhu ;tle(;por'!i*a'l. ee. *',. ", "Look a; tJ e. b v.lhl.of the phio'iag.ri'nilh.' It i , \'rlltou tl1r1 "1''' nlil(to0red thllooth;ier in ; lowv iono. Illiltin ' crlnhronk .held thu .ard to wpirdih tho light. S'''Vilcor Miauprab!" echoed tl e sleeper, faintly, "Ho i9 dead, Pern." "Aye, dead'," ngainii iniurued tlihe palliid lips. by' the greiy dliawn tIle youiig ii1ab.2r' i of Fernbrook uil1Idy his way tlirough the gayy dlancrs to u. 11inildlug adjoinilulg tlio 1 liudyiuy Qritnlit't " Ma;ori Mti~de Kfty.'" and "addull alcl~! Ow~ said, il lii Itusloti , !Ui.wvit iul reach P'ulrceini lto-nlooripii;V1Il1lt; · · There youl 'L; 3ieitrt I tij, . iMairi chieftauis. (Give, 1 hezuik tie}1c 'jrpupcur3 endo bring mc tie'i uw11" I'., Quick, adId}' W'4h lt if 1A 'I Il'I'set o)l' 11w .inad u!Iedk Shniip, l t'uLigf ,tCadlii'. it Ii ``Idiof' !~i Ii ) hav a~ eolvr. Now (1eo uci o , ai (7,o bo continued,)) 