Real love and Counterfeit. CHAPTER XI. Tiio tolugraph-ofiico was situated nliou twenty minutes' walk from Graham Ford's lodgings, and as Iio turned into tlio ntieot to go tlioro Iio cnuglit sight of Angela and Coram entering their lodg ings immcdiatolv ODnositc. In a moment lie was on their track tlio door. Ilad indeed hardly closed upon them when his hand wan upon the boll- handle. ' I want to soo Miss Wruyburn, who has just come in,' he oxplainod rapidly to tlio stout and beaming Mrs. .Smitlisoii. ' Indeed, sir, I doubt whether she run see you just now, or if tlio is still Miss Wrayburn ' tho woman was begin ning, whoii Ford cut her short by push ing pant lior nnd tapping sliarply ujxm one of tho panoln of tlio sitting-room door. |fe Within there had been sounds of cx- citod talk, whi:li wan liunhod at onco as he knocked. 'It in I, Graham Ford. I niunt sco Mian Wrayburn at once. ' She can't sco you just now,' Dorcas called through the door after a brief whispered eonvoisation with Angela. ' I must see hoi-,' Ford exclaimed ; and, unceremoniously oponing tlio door, ho cutorcd tlio sitting-room. The sight wliioh met his eyes con firmed liia worst fears. In tho centre of the room stood Angola, in tears, happy tears. She was all in whito ; nnd on tho tablo lay a great bouquet of whito rosen .. n.l n nravnr- hnnlr ; wiiilo on the third finger of tier loft hand shone a plain band of gold. 'Angola,' cried Ford, forgotting nil conventionality ill his dismay. 'You linvo not married him !' ' You are forcing yourself in hero unin vited,' the girl said, blushing and paling with anger. 'But I am not going to deny tho truth, although I did not mean t« havo it known yet. I was married to Mr. Francos, at St. Peter's Church, an hour ago ' ' But you aro not his wife,' lie cried in excitomcnt. ' Not his wifol What do you mean 1' 'I mean that Jnmes Francis, as Iio calls himself, lias a wife living.' ' It is not true,' pantod Angola. ' You are wicked, nnd ready to invont anything against him.' 'Angola denr,' said Dorcas, throwing her nrms round iter form, ' do pray speak low. You know Mrs. Smithson is always near the keyhole. Mr. Ford what do you mean by coming hero with those stories I You ought to bo ashamed of yourself far trying to ruin Angola's happiness because you aro jealous.' Ford wus cut to tho quick, but never theless answered hor calmly. ' I havo come to save Miss Wrayburn, not to hurt hor ' ho was boginning, when Angela cut him short. ' My nauio is not Miss Wrayburn any longer. It is Mrs. Francis ' She stopped short. Frnneis had used his real name for tho service, hut told hor ho daro not use it openly at present on account of tho mysterious bill-backing transaction ho bad ontered into to savo a friend in distress.' j But Ford supplied tho namo for lior. ' Seott is his real namo,' lio said, ' and his wife, tlio real Mrs. Scott, is dying in Surbiton at this moment — dying by reason of her husband's ill- troatmeut and llwgluVVi It is false,' cried Angela passionately. ' How daro you como hero with tliaso cruel lies.' ' They aro not lios. How can you suspect mo of such conduct I Hero is the lottor I havo just received from my sister. Head it. You must rood it in justice to yoursolf.' 'No, I will not rend it. I expect my husband orcry niomont. Toll him your story.' You had hotter road tho letter, Angela,' Dorcas whispered, 'or it will look ns if ynu woro afraid.' Angela took tho lottor, but immediately she pushed it into Dorcas's lmnd, and hauk into a cnair. > 'Roail it aloud,' sho said to Dorcas, i ' But before I henr it, I doclino to believe one word it contains against him. Now read it, if you want to do ho.' In unsteady tones Dorcas began tlio lerriblo indictment against tlio man Angela bad married, tlio man both sho and Angola loved. Not a single musclo of Angola's faco appeared to quiver as slio listened with every norvc on tho strain until Dorcas had finished. Tiion, still wishing to bo loynl, tlio little bride tried to frame with hor dry lips tho words, ' I do not bolievo it. But words refused to como, and, pressing her hands to hor oyes alio broko into tearless sobs, which shook lior slender frame. In a momoiit Dorcas was at hor side, with her arms round hor. 'Take your letter back,' cried Dorcas to tlio unhappy Ford. 'Neither of us believes it.' As sho uttered - tlioso words tho onter door of the house opened and shut with a slam, tioino one came in noisily, humming the refrain of q, popular song — some one big anil broad;' and handsome, n hewly- mado bridogroom, who buret open the sitting-room door in his eagerness to clasp his bride. Pale distracted faces grcotod liim, iriHUKUi Ol IIIU juvjiig wuicuiuu liu UUbl- cipatcd. Francis's countcnaiico changed as Iio glanced nt the three. ' In it ail up?' was his mental question, as his hand sought for something in lii.s brcost-pockot, and with his oyes lie meas ured tlio distanco between him and tho door ho had entered. As though divining what was in his mind, Font, xlropped back, and stood in front of tha .door. Francis's sharp cyos noted tho ' movement, and in tones of bravado ho addressed his rival. ' May I ask to what we owo tho honor of this visit— my wifo and I V ' Thatj lady is not your wife,, nnd you know it, ypu.cowardly villiun,' said Ford. Your wifo is dying nt tho present time.1 ' You mean my first wifo,' said Francis cooly. ' Sho' is not dying, hut doad, ns you can fioo' by this.' , , , , And 11'0'drtw from his pocket a telegram bearing :thi» 'message— Youb wlfe is dead. T described myself as a widower in tho phurch just now, 'Francis continued. 1 Whether I was a widower of a ' year or n day is tlio samo thing in law. And now, Mr. Ford, if you aro convinced of your failure to mako mischief between uh, you will go and leuvo ine and my wifo togot'ior.' But Augela, who had listoned all the time to every word exchanged between tlio two men, now rose to her foot with q face from which all youth aud brightness, had vanished for the time. ' That is not all you are accused of,' sho said. ' Ho says that you aro (tiding from justice, not, as you told me, but bocauso you Htole £100 from your brother-in-law, and ho threatens to havo you arrested. Is that t rue I' 'When thin fellow goes I will oxplain alt to you,' Francis was saying in very soothing tones, wiion Ford interrupted him disdainfully - You will not havo the opportunity,' lie said. ' I havo telegraphed your address to yonr brother- in-law, Dion Stanley, and, if your wifo is really dead, lie will immediately havo you arrested.' An imprecation burst from Francis's lips as ho turnod in fury upon the speaker. ' By what right do you intorforo in my affairs?' ho roared, besido himsolf with passion. ' By tlio rig! it of my regard for this lady, whom you liavo so crully deceived.' Ford answered, as lie faced his powerful- looking and irate otioiny unflinchingly. ' She is my wifo , and what I may or may not havo done is u matter lor privato explanation between Iter ' nnd mo !' shouted 1' rancis. 1 A ngela, como lioro. White as Hor dross, the girl stood hesitating. Already, in the few inoiuonts that had nlansud sinco ho ontored. it seemed to Angela that a veil hod been sharply torn aside, and that for tlio first time she saw Francis as ho really was— crafty, treacherous, unscrupulous, and cruel. Gazing with dilated oyos at his face, sho seemed in tlioso terrible moments to pcrcoivo through the mngnificent exterior tlio ugly passions that oxistod within. A shiver passed over hor frame and a faint moan escaped hor. Only a few short weeks boforo alio had wished, as sho hold his hand by tlio magic townr of llandal Castlo, Hint she might bccomo this man's wifo. And already, lung before the proscribed year had passed away, her wish was granted, and had turned to Dread Sea fruit before it touched her lips. Yet alio had solemnly promised to love, honour, and obey him ; nnd, if already alio felt tho first two to be impossible, if site realised that site ha.1 lovod him ' for qualities ha hid not possess, lior now, mado before tho sacred altar, must irrevocably bind her to this man, and till doath should part them alio mnat at least oboy him. Mora liko a ghost than a bride, sho took a few stops towards liini as ho again caliod her by name, this time is mora peremptory tones. ' Angola — como to me.' Ford saw tho look of anguish which contracted hor featured, and, by the intuition of his deep aflbetion, ho divined tho revulsion of feeling which had already taken placo in tlio young girl's mind. ' Don't listen to him. Miss Wraburn,' ho interposed quickly.' He marriod you under fulsc protanens ; wo have yet to find out whotlior his wifo is really dead. And, if sho is, tho Snltford polico will bo coinmuuicatad with, and he will bo arrested for theft within an hour. All Iio can do is to mako his eccapo as quickly 1 If I go,' oxclaimod Francis, ' my wife goes with me. Como, Angela.' Tho girl shrank back, but ho ecizod her roughly by tho arm. 1 Do you think I havo riskod so ninth to secure you, only to give you up now 1' Iio whispered into her car. 1 Como away with mo, nnd wo will sott/o tilings quiotly together.' His grasp bruised her arm. Sho drew baok trembling as ho pulled her towards tho door, boforo which Ford was still Rtnnding. ' You promised that I should stay with Dorcas I' alio faltered. ' I would havo promised anything to iccuic you, my uuriiu 1 no rcuuriicu hiui a laugh, as lio tightened his gasp on her arm. ' Now, you follow, stand out of our way, if you please.' But tho Hight of tho Angola shrinking and quivering in Francis's rough gasp was too much for Ford. Turning tho key, lio withdrew it from the lock of the door anil slipped it into his pocket. ' You shall not forco that lady to go with you 1' lio axolaiinod in tones of pnssionato oxcitcnicnt. ' Angola, go into tho other room. I will let this man escape if ha promises not to molest you.' In an instant francis had winppeu out liis revolver, and, still holding Angola, had pointed it at Angela's defender. 'If you don't instantly unlock that door aud stuud out of my way, on my honour I'll firo ' ho said. ' One, two, throo — do you mean to more?' ' No.' 1 Then tako tlint !' Tlio two woman saw a tiny flush, heard a sharp roport. Then Graham Ford throw up his anus, swayed forward, and, without a groan, foil iioavily at Angola's feet, shot through tho heart. Francis bent over liim nnd turned tlio body over. ' He's dead, by Jovo I' ho luuttarod in a low awestruck voice. ' I didn't mean to CHAPTER XI. 'What lias happened? Open tlio door I Do you hoar mo ? Open the door !' Liko tho terrible 'knocking on tlio gato which struck awo into tiio mind of Mucboth aftei Duncan's inunlar Mrs. Smithson's voice foil upon the terrified ears of Francis Scott nnd tlio two palo- foccd witnesses of tho tragody of Graham's death; Dorcas was tlie first to speak. ' You must get away at tho back ; you can do it by jumping from the bed-room window,' alio whisbered rapidly to Francis. ' Leuvo tlio pistol an the floor by his right hand. T will swear hp killed himself. You havon't a momoiit to lose.' ' But Angola ?' ' Angela will say what I say—that ho shot himself through jealousy. Of courso tho marriugo aud everything will como out, and your real name. If you stay you will bo arrested for theft, and perhaps'— -in spite of hor self- control alio altered over tho words, ' porhaps for murder too.' He hod been kneeling by Ford's inan imate form, and, in pursuance of Dorcas's instructions, hod placed the revolver on tlio floor by tlio dead man's right hand, after replacing tho body exactly ns it fell, not without a strong feeling of re pugnance and even . superstitions fear.,- Ho rose now to Ills feet,' his fresh com plexion pallid for the nonco. Killing a man, ovon unintentionally, was a serious businoss, and, as lio rapidly reflected, a man arrested for ono crimo was not likely to bo lot off lightly in rospoot of another. It was confoundedly tiroaomo, of courso. Francis felt no regret whatever for Graham's tragic ond. Ho had brought it upon himsolf. What business had bo to coino interfering in Mb, Scott's, aflaira ? By dying its he had died ho had dono tlio worst possible turn ho could do his rival, and Francis could savagely havo kickod the lifeless form at his foet as ho reflected on tho probabla unpleasant results to himsolf of tho caroloss shot. Hero were all his plans for tho future spoiled ; and it annoyed liim greatly, evon as ho realised the extreme seriousness of tlio situation, to note how Angela shrank from hint, and gazed upon him with cyos in which all traco of lovo was lost in horror and disgust. ' What are you waiting for ?' askod Dorcas sharply, as sho throw opea the folding-doors leading to tiio inner room. ' Every moment increases tlio dangor. Do you know of any placo of safety ?' 1 1 think so.' ' Havo you enough money 1' He hesitated. It was ' treasury ' morn- imr. and Iio had hot vet received his salary for the week ending. _Ho would havo taken Dorcas's money without tho least compunction but for the presonco of Angola with her accusing disdainful eyes. Dorcas was feeling in lior pocket for her purse. ' I can't tako your monoy !' lie ex claimed vehemently. 'But you can take mine,' came in a low hard voico from Angela. Both Francis and Dorcas looked at liur in wonder as, to all appcarenco perfectly composed, sho unlocked a writing-dosk on a sido- tablc, and, taking from it to roll of bank-nutos, placod thcin in Francis's hand. 'There aro fifty pounds,' alio said. 'Whan you want more, you hud bettor writo — to Dorcas, not to mo.' 'Not to you? Angola, my wife. How can you bo so cruel V He had caught her in his nrms, anil was bending his head to imprint a fare well kiss upon her faco, not howorer before he had placed the bank-notes socurely in his pocket-book. _ Angela remained quite passive in lit clasp. Only a faint shiver betrayed hor feelings as ho impressed a kiss upon hor cold lips. ' I havo dono all this lor you,' Iio murmured. ' My darling, only bo truo to me, and I will return and clear myself and claim you.' 'Open the door, or I will have it brokon in. I will know what is going on,' protested Mrs. Smithson from the passago outside. 1 Say ' Good-bye ' to me, Angola.' ' Good- bye I' she murmured with dry lips. ' So cold as that 1 Bay you lovo mo, dearest — to cheer mo in my exilo.' ' I cannot say that I' burst passionately from Angola. ' Ask lior to say so,' sho added, as, pointing to Dorcas, she turnnd hor hack unon Francis anil buried her face in her hands. Tho knocking at tho door bccamo louder and more enargotic. Francis hurried to tho next room, followed by Dorcas. Tlio window was only a few feet nbovo the yard, out of which an open gate led into nil unfrequented allay. ' Good-byo, dear Dorcas. Try to softon her heart towards mo. It Is hnrd to l>o scorned because luck has gone against mo. And, on my honor, I only meant to frighten tlio fellow, and perhaps graze him a bit.1 Good-bye,' Dorcas said, and teara gushed from her oyes. ' Write as rooh as you are safo. I will swear it was suicide. Then, as Komco-liko, Iio turned to wards her boforo vaulting out of the window, sho bent lior plain freckiod face over liim, lieautificd momentarily by thu deep unreasoning lovo alio bore him. ' I may not sen you for years,' sho faltered, ' lot mo kiss yon.' Ho kissod her hurriedly, not caring to lingar over tho caress. Tho naxt minute ho had sprung from tlio window into tho yard, and ho mado his way rapidly through tho byways of the town to tlio railway-station. \- s ins nu gono I wmsperou aingein, as Dorcas slowly returned - to tlio sitting- room. ' Yes Wo must calm Mrs. Swithson now. Tho koy to tlio room is iu — in his pocket,' Dorcas said, with a shuddering glnncout thq still figure which- lay face downwards upon tho ilooiv 'I. will tell lior to find another koy ; that will givo 'Francis- timo to get away. And you must, back uio in everything I say. Wo must say that tlio two were wrangling, that Mr. Ford put tho koy into his pocket because ho. .wanted Mr. Francis to bo arrested for dobt ; but that when ho hoard Mr. Francis was married to you, or was going to marry you, Mr. Ford sliot himsolf.. But wo. must say ..Mr. Francis ' I cannot toll alt thoso falsehoods.'. 'No to save, your husband? ,1 Wquld dio to save him 1' ' You and I don't look at things in tho samo way," qriod Angela . passionately. I urn thinking Q.f tfio loyal.kind friend lying Joad at my foot, murdered for' trying to savo mo I I am thinking of tlio poor lady at Surbiton, dying of- a broken -heart for- lovo of tho man you wish to save. And I will not, I cannot tell falsehoods for him! ! Very 'well !' ' whispered 'Dorcas, after a brief pauso for reflection.. 'Then I will say thatT was alono with the two mon, as I had pusliod you into the bod-room that you iniglit.npt bo worriod.by nil this. And wo wilHsay ndthing of- Ihb morriago unless it looks out. . At least I trust you not to contradict my statements. Do you wish to 'soo your husband hanged, for murder, Angola. Havo you a heart of stono! Angola was kneoling on tho ground us' Dorcas nskod tho question, gazing with infinite distress and pity upon tho dead body of her -friend. ' As she ralsod her head to artswor, the rigid tcarloes agony of hor ,fiaue; was so intonso that oven Dorcas;, whoseraind was warped by her' sympathy for Francis, began to under- stand. ' I think you nro right,' Angola said slowly, and that iny heart is turned to ' stone, It feels '—and as sho spoko sho pressed both her hands upon her bosom— ' chip as stono within mo wlion you speak of Mm. I never know liim ; I nevor loved him. Tho man I lovo novcr oxistod, and t|io man who married me, and who killed my friend and ran away to savo himsolf — the man whom yon lovo— is a stranger to me, a stranger whom, if I know bettor, I should liatoi Whether people know of my marringo or yot I don't much care. Nothing . Booms to matter nt this moment; Hero is my wodding-riug.' Sho drew it off, and,'. Still with the namo unnatural liy«terical calm, laid it in Dorcas's hand. 'You can keep it; it moans nothing to mo. For hero, over tho body of this dear friend who last his lifo for mo, I swear I willl never, so long ns I live, be tlio wife ol Francis Scott except in name l' Even Doreaa dared not remonstrate; or conld Dorcas wring from the young actress anything mora than a promiso not to gainsay. her ovidenco. At tho inquest on Graham Ford's body, the little, sejSjeontainod, old-young person gave her fiilRpovidpnco with a clearness and precision which did credit to hor long years ol dramatic training. Tho two actors were joalous of each other, sho declared, but tlioro was no nlisolute quarrel between them until tlio fatal morning when Mr. Ford caliod, and, aunng i>iio uorancu 01 miw >v niyuuriii informed Mr. Francis that ho hod mado tho lnttor's whereabouts known to certain persons who were anxious to arrest him. At this point, according to Miss Moriny, Mr. Francis oscaped through the window of the back room, as Mr. Ford had locked tho sitting-room door and slipped tho koy into his pockot. Thereupon sho, Dorcas Morloy had turned upon Mr. Ford, and had reproached him for his treacherous conduct towards hia rival, and had taunted liiin with tlio fact that the lady both men were wooing infinitely pre ferred Mr. Francis, and was not only engaged to ho married to him but desired to riil herself of Ford's attentions. ' Ho asked mo if I meant it,' testified the ingenuous Dorcas ; 'and, when I sail I did, ho whipped out it pistol from his pocket, and, before I could stop him, he shot himsolf through tho heart. This evidence, givon with unhesitating claarnoss, produced quito a sensation. Corroboration was a littlo lacking. Miss Wrayburn, who had boon in the adjoin ing room, profassod to havo heard and seen and Mrs. Smithson's account was verbose and oonfused, her Indignation against the persons who got up scones and trngodios in hor house over-flowing at ovcry moment, and her dcafuoss boing patent to all. Still, in tlio circumstances, Dorcas's account might woil havo passod for truth but for tho unlucky fact that both tho modical mon called upon to givo ovidenco in tho case thoir unhesitating opinion that Graham's wound could not undor possi bility linvo been self-inflicted. Tims the recorded verdict nt the coroner's inquest, in spite of Dorcas, was — ' 'Wilful murder against Francis Jamos Scott.' And Angela, awaking from her dream world of beautiful imaginings, found her- self at sovonteen, on tue tnroaiioin or womanhood, tho bride of an absconding thief and murderer. CHAPTER XII. "Just where you uro sitting, Mr. Sliakos- pcro must havo sat many a timo, niter Iio had walked over from Stratford, when ho was courting Ann Hathway. ' .So I suppose.' ' And liis sweetheart, very like, tlio other side of tlio chiuincy-cornor.' ' Very likely. But if he was courting ho would probably not have tho fireplaco between thcin. Tho old caretakor ol Ann Hatha way's cottago looked at tlio visitor critically- Hn was not bohnving as visitors usually did. Ho had allowed her to pilot him over tho cottages, Bacrod to thu memory cf Slinkcspcro's wifo. Ho had been shown tho usual relics, including tlio second-best bod, wliiub witli tho furniture, was tho solo logacy bequeathed by tlio poet to tho niotbor of his children. Ho hod gazed u long time out of tho ensomonts across tlio meadows, and bnd now asked permission to rest himself, after a long walk in Ann Hathaway's cliimnoy-corncr, but ho hod asked no nUostinns. nnil nxnrsssfvl vinitlinr astonishment nor enthusiasm over tho statements, carefully learned by noto with which sho had supplied him. ' Maybe you are a foreigner ?' sho now soggosted. If ho was a foreigner his languid mnimor of uccopting tho guide's intoliigoiico was of courso accounted for. Foreigners, ' except it was Americans, as tlio old woman put it, could hardly possess onough bouso to appreciate tlio full value of tlio situation. It was oven possible to some more remoto foreigners, 'savagos and such,' the nanio of Sliakespero would not bo ono to conjure with. And in tlio soft pleasant speech of this particular visitor her dull car hod half detected an un-English ring. ' Foreigners,' . alio said, ' why bless vou, sir. tlioro are folk como, lioro, I can't, leavo them for a niomont or they would bo tearing tlio bricks out of 'the walls to take thorn away as a memento, that is what they call It' Tho stranger laughed. ; ' You . can loavo mo as long as you wish. I shall not, I promiso you, pick the bricks out of tho walls.' --'te ; ' l ean boo, Bir, you are not that oort,' observed the old woman politely. ' May- bo, as you aro tired and want a rest, you would likda'oupof'tcat': ' ' But, yos it is what I should liko vory much.' ' Ij will soo directly, sir. lam going t make some for mysolf now.' ' la sho very tiresorao, tlio old woman with hor stories of. Slmkwpote ?' -tlio young man' murmured 'to himself in French, as tlio caretakor .tmtled off nnd closed tho door boiiind hor. ' Enfin I Ono can brcatha in quiet and dream a littlo of tho post— tho past of three hundred yoars ago.' Sitting in tho deep shadow of tho chiamoy corner in tho low- ccilinged living-room of tho old cottage, dimly illumined by moans of tlio small casement through which gleamed tho saffron light of a thunderous sky, it was difficult to judgomoroof tlio young man's appearanco than that ho was of modium height and light, oven boyish, build, that liis hair was dark, his oval faco clean-shavcd but for a very slight moustache, and that, undor arched strongly-marked bluok eye brows hIioiio a pair of long and vory flue bluo eyes. But tho subdued liglit which grow inomontarily ioss as tlio storin - raok gathered donsity in tho sky, tlio young appoared to ho about twonty yoiuf of ago, nnd when, a littlo later, as ho waited, lost ill rororio, in tlio uloso atmosphere of tho historical room, liis long lashes drooped, and ho fell into a light dream; laden slunihor, ho looked yot younger; By what remote procoss of association ho could not divino, but tho story of Shakspcre's sweetheart, tlio scono of Slinkspero's wooing, brought back to his semi- dormant fanoy tlio figure ol Mb own first lore, tho anburn-haircd English child, nearly throo years his junior, who, when littlo more than a baby, hod lisped her troth to him sixteon years ago. It was five years now sinco lie lind written, at his mother's request, to remind hor of that promiso, and many, very many tilings lind happened during those fivo years. His sweothoart lind married ; she had answered liis letter. with tho nows that she was to bo mnrried on tho following day. His bolovod mothor was doad ; his father, rich before, lind bo como infinitely wealthier, and lie himsolf, having served three years in tlio French arniv, had como niono on a visit to his mother's country boforo settling down as liis father's partner in Paris. Dreaming in Ann Hathwny's cottago on that sultry August afternoon, the events of tho intervening fivo yoars woro forgotten. It Roomed to Ernest Forry that tho two swoot-faccd women, liis mothor and hor bosom friend, Mrs. Wrayburn, wore smiling upon him, and congratulating liim and themselves that tho dearest wish f their hearts was about to 1» fulfilled by tho inarriago ol their adored children, Ernest nnd Angeln. Angela was coining, they nssured him ; sho wus, in (act, just outsido tlio room. Ho could hear her voico in tho passage. But, as, in liis eager anxioty to behold her face, ho started forward, the dreamer's foot disturbed the tire-irons in tho grato, and the crash awake him. ' How you startled me,' oxclaiined a woman's swoet voico ctoso to him, tiio very voice of Angela in his dreams ' I thought I was alone in tho room.' Thus very suddenly brought back from dreamland, tho young man frowned and blinked. His eyes, hardly ablo yot to take in what they saw, focussed them- hoIvos upon a face which seemed ovolvod from his sleeping fancies, the faco of a beautiful woman, wich gray oyes and shining auburn hair. Bho was standing iu tlio middle of tho room. Her faco wao older, sadder, and sweeter than in tho aid days, which had seemed to hor so long ago, when she had played 'load' in tho. Stanford. Gunning Company. Sho was tailor and thinner, too, and at 22 years might liavo passed for three years older. Yet increased oxpcrieuco had but added to tlio charm of liur personality. Hor smiles, though less freqnent, were as radiant ns of old, from tlio contrast with the habitual gravity of Iter face, and her voico, always ono of hor greatest charms, had gained a fuller noto of tenderness and sympathy. Sho was dressed simply, but with con- siderable olcgancc, in a gown of string- coloured Tussore silk, with ruffles of loco at hor throat and elbows; long Suodo gloves nnd a Mack 'picture' hat com pleted lior toilet ; and, as her solo oi na- mont, siio ware a light-gold chain, to which was attached a small iioart-slmpod lockot. All tlieHo tilings Ernest Ferry noted as ho stood in the dcop shadow of tiio cliimnoy-corncr, contemplating hor, taking in ovcry detail of her appearance. To tlio young man, suddenly aroused in this romantic spot from half-waking dreams of liis childish sweetheart, this lovely woman, in whoso faco and voico some- fhtnrr ctrrinrrnlv familiar to liim linaored. camo as tlio oinbodiment of uli the fleeing fancies, tlio vuguo ideals of his ardent nnd pootic imagination. Ho dared not spoak lest iio should break tho spell ; but . Iio waited with longing cars for tho noxt words uttorod by that sweet voico. Surprised at his ailenuo, Angela again addressed him. ' Will you toll me, please, if there is soino ono horo to show mo over tlio cottago? I would much ratiior ramblo over it alono ; hut perhaps that isn't allowed ? Do you bolong to tlio place V ho liaa soomca so tnucli at Homo dozing in tho cliimnoy-cornor that tlio question was not unnatural. AH that she could distinguish was a slightly-built 'outh, wno stood in tlio shadow, gazing at lor with shy attention. As for Ernost, true to his lialf-Froncli ho jumped at such an opportunity lor a toto- a-teto witii tlio girl whoso appearance so greatly charmod him. 1 1 will show you over tlio cottago with much pleasure,' Iio said. 'Tiio good woman lioro is making somo tea. Sho is vory proud to bo in some wonderful indirect wuy a descendant of Ann Hatha way's. No doubt sho will explain to you tlio whole tiling. This of courso was tlio living-room — wiiat you call parlour, -is it nn?. 7 T nvnnif. tf ttrna Irilfhnn nlnri in t.lm days of Bhaksporo.' Iio spoko with a slight Hoftoning of tho h's ' and tho ' r« ' which betrayed hia half- foroign origin, and all tho whilo ho kept liis brilliant blue oyos flxod on Angola's soco. Sho, for hor part, was so dolightod witli her surroundings that sho half forgot lior companion. 'To think that I liavo boon talking Sliakspero ovor sinco I could talk at all, and I am now standing where lio stood three gundrod yoars ago I' sho murmured, a sudden glow spreading ovor hor oheoks. ' When lie camo courting Ann Hath away,' added Ernest. 1 1 wish oho didn't know tho sequol,' cried Angela—' that lio got tired of hor in throo years, and loft hor for eighteen — that she was eight yoars oldor than ho, and that in Twelfth Night ho reminded her of it 1' ' What did ho say, tlion 1' 'Surely you know? Lot still tho woman take An eltlor than horsolf ; so wean slio to him, , gqswsys eb« love) is be; husband's heart.' And again, a littlo later — Then lot thy lovo bo younger than thysolf, Or thy affection cannot hold its tout. I often wondor whether poor Ann road ail that, and whether sho understood it and it hurt hor.' ' Poets wives should not bo too sensi- tivo,' observoil Ernost. ' Lot us linpo she was commonplace and did not feel too much I No doubt thnt is tho happiest state.' 'Do you think sol' Angela was beginning ongorly, whoii slio chcckod herself. After all, this pleosant-voicod lad with tlio slight foreign accent and gentlo sympathetic manners was a complete stranger ; and Angola was by no moans disposed to becomo on friendly terms with strangers. 'Die frank confidcnco which had onco distinguished hor was gono for over ; gono nlso woro all hopes of liappi- noss iu lifo outsido hor art. Lovo ond marriage, to wliiuh mast girl look forward with sucli eagornoss, had passed for ovor boyond horizon. Fortunatoly work was loft, unceasing work and study, for n short interval, in which she had mado this journey to Stratford to gratify a long- chcrishod wish to bohold tlio spots sacrod to Shaksporc's memory. With further remark, slio followed her guide up tho narrow wooden staircase, and listonod wiiilo lie repeated all thus he rcmomborod of tho carotakor's stereotyped information. Tlion bIio leaned out from tlio casement, ns Iio had dono, nnd gazod out bonenth tlio overhanging thatched roof across tlio hollyhocks ond roam, tlio dahlias and Inrkspurs in tho garden, to the meadows across which 'Will Shnk- sporo came courting liiehard Hathawa'ys daughters throo centuricf ago.' Suddenly from tlio mass of black cloud looming across tho sky came a forked flash. Angola draw in her head with a faint scream, and sho put her fingers into hor earn as a peal of thundor followed. 1 1 beg your pardon,' sho exclaimod, turning in half-laughing apology to Iter guide, 'but I am so nfraid of thunder storms — evon mora of tlio thunder than of tlio lightning, whioh is absurd, of courso I' ' But you woro always liko that !' ho said quickly. She turned upon liim in ainazomont. Ho was standing close behind hor. His oyos, alight witli surprise and joy, wore fixod upon a vory small tvhito scar on lior neck, a little below her ear, a mark barely half an inch long, and not to bo discerned nt all at a iittie distance. 'What nro you saying I' she asked sliarply, drawing baok from him in Bur- priso and indignation. ' And what are you looking at 1' ' I am looking at a little mark. Oh, a nothing I It would not moan anything to any ono but me ; but to mo it moans u great deal — a whole picture. Shall I paint tho picture for you 1 Imsgino a room in a flat in Paris — a largo room, with o paper ol whito and gold on the walls, and a great sntteo covered with pink roses on a whito ground. Insido tho settee aro toys — oh, toys of all sorts I— toys that might, you would say, content any children. But, no — there are some children nothing can content. Tho two children in tlio room aro an adorably pretty littlo gill with long liuir liko waves ol gold, and a littlo boy a year or two oldor. Oil, but thoy liavo imagination, those children ! Ordinary toys will not content them. Tho boy is learning English history, and iio arid tlio little . girl nro to act the boheading of Mario Stowart. Ho is tlio hcadsmnn, witli a paper mask ; slio, with her head on the footstool, lion a paper ruff, which Iio must remove in order to cut hor hood off with his wooden swonl. But, alas, tho littlo fairy has a passion for roalism I Sho bos scon in tlio kitchen a real chopper, such as the boy had shown lior in tho pictures in his History of England. Nothing will content hor but that tlio boy must go and fetch tho chopper from tlio kitchen. 1 Sho is his liego-lody. no muHt obey. Ho returns in triumph with tho chopper. Tlicy ro-commcncod tlio execu tion. But, alas, tlio chopper is heavy, tlio headsman not vory strong, and, ns it descends carefully upon Mario Stewart's head, slio moves ! Exucrablo elumsinoss I I craze her skin dooDlv. tlio blood flows. Tableau I 1 And tlio result, dear Angela, is that littlo white mark on your neck, just tlicro whoro I toucli it with tho lip of iny finger !' Long before this point was rcachod Angola hail understood. Half laughing, half orying, sho turned upon him and hold out both bar hands. ' But it's wonderful !' slio cried. ' I can hardly boliovo it. Hero, too, of ail £ locos. When did you first know mo? ow could you possiblo romembor.' ; i Know me locKet— o. r. to A. >v. And I know your oyes boforo thon, and your hair. And I was dreaming of you by Ann Hathaway's fireside whon I oponod my oyes and saw you.' ' You dear boy 1' sho criud ; and, forgotting all tlio years that had rolled by sinco thoso childish days and turnod them into man and uoman, slio bent her head and kissed liim in quick, sistorly, French fashion on each cheek. Ho mado no nttompt to return tlio caress, nor did Iio say ouo word to suggest the offoct it hud upon him. Angola's delight at meeting him was so unalloyed, so frank, that ho would not for tho world liavo spoiled it by a look or word which might remind hor that f.tiAO wnni im lnnrrnr nlnufnltnnro and that, in spito of her youthful appoar- nnco, ho was a man of twonty-fivo years of ago, and sho a married woman. Ho sufforcd hor to slip hor arm within liis and descend the staircase witli liim to the room where thoy had first met, to scat hersolf bosido him, to bend ho. head towards him until lior soft hair almost brushod liis cltcek, wiiilo sho chatterod of thoir childish days, and noithor by word nor sign did ho betray tho fact that ho luul fallen madly in lovo witli lior, and that it needed all his strong sense of honour, to restrain tiio passionate avowal of his fcolihgs which trembled on his lips. For tho timo Angela wns a child again. Did Earnost romombor how thoy wont to tlio Hippodrome on her sixth birthday, and tho china doll that turned its lioad and had real gloves and boots ' that took off,' which he had givon lior on that occasion? And did ho remoinbcr how thoy both disliked Miss Gourlay, his English govorness ? 'And how afraid I qsod hi bo of your father j' oxclaiined , Angela. ' Ho wts short and stout, nnd had prominent oyes, that used to blazo wlion lie got angry. But your mother — ah, your mothor was a darling. ' Aunt Mary,' I used to call her. Of courso sho wasn't my nunt, but she was my godmother, nnd I was named Mary after hor — Angela Mary. Do tell mo how sho is.' A spasm of pain passed over tho young man's face. . ' Didn't you know ?' ho began in a low voico. 1 But of courso how should you? My mothor died more than four yeaVs ago. Slio always wanted so much to soa you first)' Dead ? Aunt Mary dead ? Oh, Ernest, I am so sorry. How you must feel her loss. Sho was so sweet and loving, and sho adored you. Poor dear boy.' Ami the kind littlo gloved hand was laid upon his again. (TO nn CONTINUED.) 