MOBIME'S REVEHGE. CHAPTER XII Laurence Thorndyko strode rapidly back over tho sauds to where Norino stood. Sho had not gone into the house. Sho was leaning against a. green mound, her hands _ hanging Ifstlensly before her, the white, stnrtled change- on her face still; , Laurence was going away—Laurence was going away. la an aimless sort -of manner ehe kept repeating these words over ami over— taurence was going away. ' I've made a deuco of a mess of it," thought Mr Thbrndyke, gnawing his moustache with gloomy ferocity. ?"What an unmitigated ass I have beon in this business J Liston's right .- —a mock marn:igo is no joko. I can mako my eseapo frein her now, but the truth's got to ba told, and that soon ; and what is to hinder her taking her revenge, and blowing mo ek} high, as I deserve ? Oco whisper of this affair, and Darcy disinherits mc, "?Helen iilts mo, and then Good Leavens above, what n. fool I have been!' Tes ;Mr Thormijae had been a fool, aud was repeating in sackcloth and ashes. To gratify a passing fancy for :?? prct'.y faco may be a very pleasant thing—to take revenge upon a znr.n tvho hiss interfered with one's littlo plana may also be pleasant—-bat to cut oft one's own nose to spite one's own face is something one is apt to regret afterwards- ? It was Mr Thorndyke'e case. "He had taken Bichard Gilbert's bride from him at the very .altar, as.one may say, and bo bad gloated over his recgeance; but" whst was. to hinder !Noriue Bourdon from'rising , ,'strong in her wrongs and betrayal, and ruining him for life? She was the gentlest, the moat yielding of hunian beings now, and she loved him ; but is it not those whom'we have once loved best we learn afterwards to hate most bitterly? Hβ had cruelly, shamefully wronged and deceived hor. "What right had he to look for mercy in return ? As ho had sown so must ha reap. Sho scarcely turned at Lia approach. How pale she was; and the large, dark eyes she lifted were full of a child's startled terror. * Serine,' he abruptly began, c tfaere ; is no help for it—l must go toONew Xork to-morrow.' Her lips trembled a little. ' To-morrow !* sho repeated* with a sort of sob, nnder- her breath. . 'So soon—so soon !* ? ' Hiatber short notice, I admit ; but then, you sec, if —it isn T t for a life time. All husbands and-wives part once in a while and sruViTO it. Come," Torino' —with irritated-Impatience— ?don't wear, that xroebe?one face. I'm not to blame—3 can't help it- You don't suppose I" want to leave you ? But here's liiston, mj uncle's man.- Ton heard him yourself. You' saw theletter commanding my return.' * The letter !' she repeated, JookiDg .at him. 'There were two.* , -. \- .',Ab, yes, two—so there were; tut " the other was merely a note from a "friend. 1 leave at noon to-morrow, co see that my valise Is packed and everything all right, that's a good child. And do try to get rid of that "white, reproachful face, naleas you want it to haunt mc like the face of a ghost.* He spoke with irritated petulance —at war with her, with himself, and -his smouldering ill-temper breaking forth. It was the first time he had ever spoken sharply to hex. A faint flush roso to her cheeks- She clasped both bands round hia arts, and looked up in his moody, discontented eyea with a piteoas little air. ' . .-? ??,-.? ' Don't be vexed, Xaarence. I don't mean to reproach yon, indeed, and I know yon cannot help it. Only, dear, I love yon so much, and —r.and it is our first parting, and I have been, so naypy here —so happy, . happy here!' Por 3 minute her voice broke, and she laid her face against his shoulder. TSLr Thorndyke smothered a snp pressed grcan. ' Oh, Japitc-r, here it is—tears, scenes and hysterics. I knew hozr it would be —they a]l vdil do it every chance. INor.-aa' —aloud, and still impatient —' for pi'.y's sake, don't cry ; it's something I can't stand. Here, I'll tbrovr ir.y uncle?, his for tune and favor, r.nd aii iao aopes and J ambitions of my life to the -winds, and ; stay hero and bill c.'.d i-co a:! tne rest S of my life. If I caa't go .n pea.ee 1 j TTon'Sgoat all.' _ j 'She lifted hor heaci as :r he hao : struck "her. Something izi ah tone, j in hi 3 words, in his dried her | ?tear3-"effectU3lly a: oi'.ce ajid for ever. , ' I beg your pr.rclon, jLa-jreacp,' shq j said, suddenly, in an altered voice ; ?I won't cry any more- Shall I go and pack your valise new, or leave it until to-rnorro-.v niorniag?' Ho glanced at her uneasily. The dark, soft eyc3 looked far away sea ward, the delicate lips had ceased to tremble, tho sina-li, handsoase face bad grovi'ii vrhite and sijil. "What manner of womcm, lie won dered, was this girl goins to make ? f Norine, you arc not offended r 'Offended with you, Laurence?; ]S"o, that is not possible.' _ j ' Yon love 2:0 so mud), !Norir.e ?' | * I have given you proof whether I I love you or not. I aiu your wife.'_ j 'Yes, of course —of course:' hastily. I ' 'But, jCorine, see here. Suppose in j 'the future I did you soir.s grer.t j wrong —deserted you, for instaiico J "No, no, don l look at co like ] '.'that—this 13 only a supposititious i-caeo, you know.' The large <iarl: eves were fixed full upon him. lie laughed in rather a flurried wav, aud his owe shifted and fell. 'Go on, , she eaid. ' Suppose I deserted you, and it was in your power to take revenge, you would bate mc and tako it, would you not?' Into the dark, tender eyes tbere leaped a light, into the youthful, gcutlo face there came a glow, around the soft-cut, childlike mouth there settled an expression entirely new to Laurence Thorndyke. One little hand clenched unconsciously—she caught her breath for a second hard. " Yes,* , she said, ?' I would!" The answer staggered him—literally and truly staggered him. He had not expected it—he had looked for some outbreak of love, some tender, passion ate protest. ? Norine !' he cried, ? you would ? Do you know what yon are saying ? "You would hate nic, and ruin mc for life if you could ?' Sho looked at him full. ' If you deserted mc, would you noi hate mc ? Should I not bo ruined for life'? Aud does not the Book o£ Soots say, ' An eye for an eye, a tooth for a. tooth, a life fora life ?' Yes, Laurence, if I did not go mad aud die, I should . hate you more than I lovo you uor.% and be revenged if 1 could.' - ? Then there was silence. He had grown as pale as herself, and stood quite motionless looking at the sea. lie knew what he had to expect at last. Norine was still clinging to his arm. He disengaged it abruptly, and without a word or a look walked ; s .w:iy from her. A moment she stood—then two little hands clasped the arm once more, a pleading voice spoke, and the sweoi, tender face of Torino looked implor ingly at him. ? Laurence— clearest Laurence ! I have angered you again. But you asked mc a question, and I had to answer. Forgive mc !* He turned away from her resolutely ? ? There is no forgiveness needed, ; Norine. I admire your truthful and plaiuspoken spirit. Only, you see, I thought Norine Bourdon a loving, ' gentle, forgiving littlo soul, who cared j for mc so much that she was to forgive mc seventy times seven, and I find, according to her own showing, she is a strong-minded woman, ready to wreak vengeance for the first wrong done her—rready for lovo or hatred at a moment's notice. It is well yon told mc ; it is'always, best to under- stand' one another. "No—we won't have any tender scenes, if yon please, Mrs Laurence j I have found ont esacHy what they are worth.* He pulled Ont his watch. 'I have busi ness over in Boston, and as it is grow ing late I will Iβ off at once. If lam very late, as it is likely, I mast beg yon will not at np for mc. Good afternoon." __ | . He lifted fiis hat ceremoniously, as to an indifferent acquaintance, and walked deliberately away. (To be continued.) 