[?] BACKERS ARE NOT LIKELY TO FORGET the re-opening of tbe Moonee Valley racecourse in a hurry. Tbe last day of tbe V.R.C. meeting was disastrous enough Io tbe puuting brigade, but last Saturday was even worse. . Not one first or second favorite scored all day. and tbougb the prices of four of the winners are returned as 10 to L nearly double tbe odds could really bave been obtained about two of These — Corda- mon and Tramp, On the Sandown running the last-named did not appear to bave a ghost of a chance, aud Mr. Glasscock did not have a penny piece on the Far Nlentc gelding, who will be shipped to Singapore shortly. Stageligkt beat Speculation and Tramp very easily at Sandown, and, as both have shown good form since, It is quite likely that Mr. J. H. Davis' colt is every bit as smart as bis most ardent admirers assert, . Another Glppslander In Meteorite came prominently before racegoers on Saturday. Meteorite has shown good form up-country, and when it became kuown that he had RAN HALF A MILE IX 50V&SEC; on the Flemington track one morning during the week, there was a rush to 44 get on " to the bay , gelding for tbe Trial Handicap, and at oue time he looked like starting favorite. However, weight of money for tbe "boomed" Lyddite, and a steady demand for Lock, caused ills price to recede to 5 to 1 at tbo finish. It was a good race, but Meteorite won handily -from Pauline Louise, who should earn a winning brac ket shortly. Vitli a 71b penalty Meteorite was un lucky to lose the Valley Handicap, for he was nearly down on several occa- sious during the race, and then just failed to reach Hurrah, who, as she did ouee before on tills course, made every post a winuinc one. As METEORITE CAN BOTH GO FAST AND STAY, alto good-looking bay gelding should bave a successful career. He was got by Firelock — the Musket — Yatterina horse for whom the late Mr. W, Pear son gave 1500 guineas as a yearling— from Sunray. b.v Triton from Sunset, by Talk o tbe Hill. Town Clock was well backed for Hur rah's race, but could get no nearer than fourth. On this form the brown gelding could have no chance in the Goodwood Handicap or Adelaide Cup. aud he will lx withdrawn from these events. Amourette shaped bettor than Town Clock last Saturday, and was only beaten a yard or two In the Welter Han dicap by Cardauion and Horonda. It was a grand finish, for Dandy Dick was right on top of the placed horses, with heads and necks only dividing the quar- toito. Of course. Amourette will have j to do bettor than this to win the Good- | wood Handicap, hut she is improving, | and. all going well the next week or j two. will probably be sent to Adelaide. I Cardauiou's victory was rather a sur prise oven to his owner, Mr. E. Kelly, j wlio purchased the Gossoon gelding for I <Jo guineas a few weeks ago. Cardamoii t»uvo gaw promise of turning out a first- class racehorse, and. though an affection of tbe respiratory orgaus may prevent liini wiuuing races over a distance, he is tolerably certain to pay his way over short cuts. Four Onkaparinga candidates sported j silk in the Hurdle Race at Moonee Val ley—Navarre. Jeifico. Insult, and Mort Avis. and. if the trial can he depended on. Navarre holds the other three per fectly safe. Navarre did not run up to oxpectaii'Uis at Epsom, and for that rea son was backed for very little money nn Saturday. Nevertheless. George Brewer declared that the chestnut would be hard to beat. and. as events proved, he was j right. Navarre was nicely ridden by A. ! I. Rivwcr. who not only resembles his j famous brother J. E. a good deal, but promises to turn out i Bl.S EQUAL AS A RIDE1L Mort Avis lo>t ground at the hurdles, j but was finishing well : while Insult was not suited by tbe heavy going. Navarre hn> only tost to carry at Onkapringa. Ibib If-.. than he had on Saturday, and will meet the oilier three on better Terms, if they ruu. Navarre will go over, and should be very hard to beat. Jcnico will fulfil his engagement, ami j will be nce-mipanled by a couple of | Ih-i n lM. " S." 