The White Lady The Berlin correspondent of the Dtii'j Tekgraph writes:—We have not heard of the famous "White Lady" of the Castle of Berlin for a long time, and a very good thing too, eery loyal Prussian will say, for her appeance, according to a legend of the Prussian Royal Family, al ways foretold tho death of some member of the House of Hohen- zollern. A few weeks ago, however, a lacquey attached tot he Imperial Court was summarily dismissed for averring that he had seen her: Funnily enough, a young sub- lieutenant, who happened to he on duty, declared that be, too, had seen the dreaded spectre walking along one of the corridors of the castle, and he informed bis colonel, who put him through his facings and cross- examined him in the roost serious and polite manner possible, himself thinking the incident exremely un- canny. The upshot of the cross examination was that the gallant colonel could get no satisfactory in- information or explanation out of his subaltern, so he ended by believing the story. Everybody at the Court began talking about the reapperance of the "White Lady," and so the Kaiser got to hear of it. His Majesty is not a man to let himself be befooled, so he sent for the lieutenant. The terrifi- fied subaltern entered the Imperial presence chamber more trembling than when he saw the ghost. His Majesty, however, took no notice of his quivering lips, and treated the matter jocularly at once. The follow, ing interrogatory ensued: - Kaiser----What was the lady look like? Was she tall? or short ? liieoteoant—She was tail, yonr Majesty. Kaiser—How wan she dressed? LientenauLj-? She wore a white petticoat, your Majesty, with a white bodice, and she had a white cap on her head--a long white veil flowing over all. This seemed circumstantial enongh, so that the Kaiser began to think there must be something interesting at tho back of the story. His Majesty continued after the briefest possible pause Was she carrying anything ? Lieutenant—Oh, yes, yonr Majesty. Kaiser --And what was in her left hand? I^ujilinaat—A candlestick. Kaiser—And what was in bur left hand ? Lieutenan'—A box of matches.. This quite did for Kaiser Wilholm, whose send of humour was im- immediately tickeled. He burst out into roars of laughter to the dire astonish- ment of the young warrior before him. "Well, that will do," said the Kaiser at last, kindly but firmly. "Don't let me hear anything more about the "White Lady"! Then, with a knowing look. His Majesty dismissed him as follows: — "And take my advice. Don't peer about- in corridors, for you might often see ladies there at night attired in white petticoats and bodices." ——— 