SHORT STORY. I 3A-URE2 'HUE (iliNMlUlE. I 'Very well, my friend, die sooner thic- litft » iu the hands of tbe man I bave mentioned, the more chance is there that you may recover your property, although 1 warn you it is a difficult ?fflftk-' ?Use, Antonio, the puree is notbing, tbe papers ere of little value ; but tj&at; : string of coins — all, tlhere is not its equal . in Mexico! I will give Jaurez a thousand dollars if he oan'fiiid it!' . 'Jaurez will try card ,old fellow ; uow j rest yourself. If inflammation sett in, that leg will Jiave to oome off. T8ieu, adios to your travels and explorations, and rumbling among dead men's graves j leave it to us, ire will do our best, that 1 promise you.' Andre AlvaiB'^lay back on iiiii lounge in the oool patio of Antonio's mansion, and tile cooing of 4&e; pigeons round the tinkling fountain soon lulled *'m to Bleep. Antonio, cigarette in mouth, went quickly through fhe streets of Monterey to his office in tile Government Buildings i where a short, brown-faoed, goodhum oured looking Mexican awaited him. 'Aii, Jaarez* they have told you, tfliait is Weill ; come in and listen to me,' said Antonio gravely ? tmd Jaurez, ualuting, followed his chief into the white-Balled roam. Jaurez was a gendarme, of that sec tion called the Rutales or road-guards, -the finest body of men in the Mcnc.u army. Ho was a qplendid type of his corps, and that corps had a very curious ongin. Originally ranchmen, rjiey were orgui ised by Lagardo into a troop, and when their military serrioos were required no longer they one and all turned robber; and look to the road ! Some gqjlant stories are told of their exploits, for tbey vied with Claude Du val in courtesy^ and pillage in the most gentlemanly fashion imaginable. But one fine day it van suggested to znake tbem into gendarmes, and gendarmes they «re to the present time, owning their own horses, wearing the pictu resque ranchero dress of brown leather, and ornamenting themselves with sJvci in the manner of their kind on high days and dress parades. Jaurez was nearer forty than he cared to own, and Jaurez loved Maraquita, whioli is a very important item in this story, I don't think, in fact, if he had not lovtd the pretty daughter of the car rier that this story would have been written at all. '1 shall begin,' said Don Antonio, ''l?.v giving you four dtps leave; and now for the matter in naud. You have seen the Don Andre Alvara, the great anti quarian, who is writing the early history of our oountry. 'I hawe seen him often, 6enor,'' said Jaure. 'He has been robbed and well-nigh murdered near the Aztec graves on the road to Satillo. You inw-t find me tibe culprit.' 'Rdbbed 1 Of what, heuor ?' 'Sere is the list : trifles, mostly of no value to anyone but an antiquary, ex cept the string of coins ; see, it ie under lined : gold ooins on a thong of leather,' and Don Antonio pointed with his fin ger. Jaurez took the list and mad it carefully. 'These coins, tenor — how many Y' lie said to his officer. 'Seven, 1 believe, very small und old, but not worn at all; 'in fact, he took them from tho' tomb of a king, where . i/hey had lain for ages,' replied Antonio. Jaurez folded the paper thoughtfully. 'And this happened, when he asked, scowling at the hand on his sombrero. 'IVo nights ago,' said' the officer. 'The senor was riding away from the mound, when he was felled from his horse, tyftich draggod hitn some distance, and when he came round to conscious ness his pockets had been rifled and the plain was empty, no he has ho clue to give you. Only mark this, he iHll give you a thousand dollars for that string of cains, 'tis worth trying lor, lay boy. Jaurez gnnned under his long mous* tncflie. 'God be with you Benor,' he said salu ting ugain, and jingling out of the room ; the trinkets on his costume wnirinjr mu i»io like that old nursery friend of ours who had 'ruigs on her fingers and bells ou ? her toes.' £H l'ajaro, 'tie Bird' stood switching his glossy flanks with his long tail, tod -^istaui-mg t|i© adventurous flies which goaded liim He oast a blue-black shadow on the road, for the sun wasehining fiercely on Monterey , and the buildings were to ?white to look at comfortably, and would have been altogether unendurable but for the shade of the pecauo and the sycamore trees. l'ast the Government Buildings a long tren of waggons was lumbering, drawn by Jean nmlet, Bo ffl-conditionod aud bruised, that one said instinotively, tepouish or. Italian is the language euo ken here.' \- Juarez came out and nodded to the major-dotno, who stopped to stroke £1 Pajaro. 'You have not been to see Maraquita for three days, Jaurez,' he said, laugh ing. 'Garcia fis -more m*«atiY» than ytm.' ?mures irownea, and forgot to return the oariss of his horse, who rubbed his ! head lovingly against him. ?I have hate on duty, Pedro,' lie said, ''and I shall go on duty again ; if I am lucky, I shall salute your sister to morrow, for I ride towards Saltillo.' He was off in a cloud of dust, almost as he spoke, and as he rode the glint of . a silver buskle, orof a coin sewn on in lieu of a button, c&mo; out of ithe cloud. A few leagues along the road he turned into the plain, and dismounted at a mound where a scarlet cactus blossomed. l£l Pajaro followed him like a dog, standing when he stood, and seemed to st udy the earth as his master was doing. Far away yias the Wue outline of the Cuesta de Muerto, all round the white treeless plain, sometimes ydHow with ripening fauize, here and there grey green with grass or vegetables, and everywhere interacted by the irrigating streams _ from the Arrays 6aa Juan. Jures ibeut down. 'He fell here ; ay, and iris home drag ged him through ihoee tufta yonder,' eaid the gendarme to himself. He gras ped at the ground before he lo«t aen . MC.' Jautfen louowea van zouis. tor uuv yarns, ana catue to a piaue wuere iu-= uwtftmivs vtvre aoofi, as caougu a mad Deen reined in suarpiy. He ntMl ius eomorero urer the marks su tiiat fie couid see uiem in snadow, ana sat wr some tune tmnking. 'llola ! . 'that iiorae was pulled by a lasso; that is ocrtain. Again te movbd the broad-leafed hat backwards and forwards, and discovered a curious depression in the sandy soil that he bad not noticed ; it was tri , angular at one end, .and tapered oh I into a straight hollow at -the other . | He whistled to JU Pajaro, and he 1 came bounding towands him. 'Qhitb 1 be silent,' he said, pinobing the velvety nose tenderly, and drawing his Bomigtou carbine from its saddle backet. £1 Pajaro looked on, highly interested, as his master laid the weapon carefully in the mark on the ground. It fitted exactly! 'Chut!', said Jaurez, replacing the caibine. 'Ihey have come to me some what late in the day. Another of our fellows has been here already, malgrita'. TOo must get (back ttio {barral^ss, my beauty, and find out who was on duty last night. My thousand dollars are further off than Puebla, 1 fear.' ! He put his foot in the silver stirrup and cantered back towards Monterey, waiving his hand to the muleteer whom he met on the road, but not stopping until he reached the city . ?On duty last night?' said the ser geant, poring over a large quarto volume and running the end of his cigarette down the entries. Why, -Garcia and Miguel Pinto along the Saltillo road; a/nd the mgfat before Garcia alone, be- j cause Pinto got leave to go to a wed- | ding that day.' ' Imust talk it wer with Garcia, then,' sighed Jaurez to himself. He was a good fellow until he turned his eye on to Maraquita — but perhaps he is saying the same thing of me,' and good-natured Jaurez smiled sadly as Bi Pajaro whisked off for the second time towards the south. A maize field on one side, and a cane patoh on the other, before it the dusty road, behind it the sierra ; miles off, hut seeming hardly a gunshot away in tho clear air of the plateau, nestled the adobe house, with its corral of cactus and its protecting jJpcan itree, where Maraquita dwelt-. Old Gtbapajal owned the ttvn tbat jin gled its bells to and fro between Mon terey and Saltillo, and the old rascal had made money, so the story ran. Jaurez met him, in a tattered poncho, ambling lazily along. 'Hi, Father Oarbajol, have you seen Garcia?' he cried. The old man. grunted . 'Yes, he is idling with Maraquita — th,e fool I You Eurales have plenty of time on your hands seemingly. What with your ten reales a day you are as proud as princes, and every bit as lazy.' 'I fancy Maraquita must have burnt your soup, old fellow.' laughed Jaurez, touching El Pajaro with 1ii£ huge spurs. 'I fancy she will burn her own fingers Jackanapes !' called Caihajal after hint. The keen eye off the gendarme saw a brown horse under the tree .and in the shadow of the house saw two figures walking. 'l'uey turned as he rode up : a hand some young fellow, dressed, us Jaurez was dressed, in soft leather, ornamented ! with silver in very theatrical fashion and a gifl with a lovely Spanish face, a graceful Spanish form, and the largest eyes in Nuevo l-eon. Garcia frowned', Maraquita drew her «lf proudly erect ; aud as for poor J ua rez, his face was black as a thundercloud, through which his teeth gleamed like a Hash of 1 ghniing. 'Buenos dios, Maraquita,' he said shortly; 'Garcia a word with you.' 'Do you not see that you disturb us comrade?' said Garcia, very gloomy and reserved in his manner. '1 come from the senor Don Antonio ; liis is the fault, sot mine,' replied Jau rez, trying to catch Maraquita's glance, and she persistently avoiding liim. 'Thmt is another matter,' said Garcia, gaily ; 'forgive me hut you might liave lost a thousand dollars to judge from your looks-— not that you are ever likely to possess such a sum,' he continued with a laugh that might have been any thing from a taunt- to- a stupid pleas antry. 'Don Antonio, has not played fairly with me,' said Jaurez to himself ; 'Gar- cia is also ou the trail.'' Then he said aloud : 'You patrolled near the Aztcc's gra/ves last night, Garcia ; did you see any thing?' 'Anything? Do you mean ghosts, or coyotes, or what f' replied the other. ™' 'Did you ride round the mound?' 'No, I stayed On tho road all the time.' 'All1— then I must see Miguel Pinto,' ?thought Jaurez; 'it nas his carbine that left the mark!' 'What is the matter?' asked Garcia, pushing hack his sombrero. 'A man robbed and nearly murdered two nights since; but peihaps you know that as well as I do,' replied Jaurez bitterly. ' I don't understand you; do you wish to pick a quarrel with mef' said Garcia. I 'He -s m the secret, thought Jourez, and he turned towards Maraquita. ' Duty lias kept me away,' he said; 'you are angry with me.' 'To be angry would imply an interest iu your doings,' die replied, biting her lips. 'Believe me, my friend, your go ings and comings are nothing to me.' * Ho was about to turn 19 Pajara back into the road ; 'hut, changing his mind, he walked the horse close to her and bent down. 'You arc unkind, Afaraquha, and 1 do not deserve it,' he said. She thought he was trying to look into ' her eye6, and the girl, being piqued at his long absence, kept them lowered and bit hor lips again. In reality Jaure* was etarig at her black hair ,«nd was very much amazed at something he saw twined omnng the heavy folds. 'Maraquit%' he hvliispered^ /'where did you get those ooins, -childf' She looked up quickly — he -wae jealous then— so much the better, it would pun ish him, thoqght this strange 6paniah nature, so tender, and yet so exacting. 'Ctam am titan to mt,' *ht mU, « pwng at. him ' simple fellow, did not understand. ' Will you lend them to me for two houiB P' he ^whispered, bending lower. She opened her eyes in astonishment. . 'And Oaroia?' die etfd. 'J jp not- want him to know.' 'You most pay for them, my good fnencL' 'How mndh?' asked Jaurez eagerly. 'A mere trifle to a gendarme — say a titousaod dollars !' and she turned proudly, and' walked Jlxfwtfxk^ Garcia, who *aa scowling a few yards off. Jaurez waved his sombrero, and gal loped back to Monterey. ? 'What were you two whispering about?' asked Garoia, stroking the girl's red cheek. to his surprise die gftfve him a sting ing box on the ear, and ruxhing inside the house dammed the door behind hsrl m « » ? * 'What is going on?' said the people of Monterey to each other. 'Here is Jaurez, the .Rurale, has done nothing but scamper in and out all day. TNie 'Bird' is in a white lather!' 'The Senor Don Antonio is not at borne, Jaurez,' said th^ dooAeeper. 'That old thief, Caihajal came for him, and Senor Baimund, his brother, being here alt the time the three rode away together.' Jaurez expressed violent dissatisfac tion with his own natal day in fonable Spanish, and looked up the oool, dark hall, past the door of the sala, to where the green Ih^agjo was Smiling in the shady patio, or court, round which die bettor-class houses are built in Mexico. There he saw Andre Alvara ,-he anti | quary, lying on a cane sofa, dreamily j watching (the lurid amarilSs end the | snowy niootianai that bloomed amid the vucas and trailing vino. I 'I wish to speak with the senor there,' he said to the servant standing near, and he tramped across the flagged pave ment, with his sword clattering at liis side. Alvaira saw coming, and admired the soldierly, half brigand-like figure that approached. - 'I am Jaurez, senior,' he said, remov ing his hat. 'All, you have got them — -the coins!' exclaimed the sick man, starting up, forgetful of his injured leg. 'Senor, -you value them at a thousand dollars,' said the soldier stolidly. 'If you will place that sum in my hands, you will (have your property in an hour. Don Antonio knows me— I am an old thief who robbed to live, and who has been honest as the sun these ten years. Will you trust me, senor?' Andre Alvara looked at Jaurez — look- ed him through and through, studied him as it was his habit to study every thing tbat came in his way, and ended by laughing aloud. ' Bring me writing materials.' he said ; and when that was done he scraw led on a papier — 'Pay the bearer of this a thousand dollars.' 'There,' he said, 'take that to the bank.' For the third time that day IU Pajaro (rent like the win? along the Saltillo road. The crimson blanket fluttered at the cantie of the saddle, and on the pommel, nhoro t lie horsehair lariat swung, Jau rez held a little sack, full of huge eaglc dollart. Half way to the adobe house he spied three horsemen riding liesurely over the plain. One was old Oaihaolj,- jo, sreroj the Qne was old Oufcajal, rifle in hand; the other two were Don Antonio and his brothe^. 'Get onl get on!' he whispered to his horse, and he went by like a whirlwind, only drawing rein at Marequita's home. She came out timidly. 'Here is the money,' he said, half choked with heat and dust. B he had only said one kind word about it — but he did not ! 'Take them,' she cried, throwing the string to him. . He caught it, lifted the bag down to her, and rode off again in silence. How ooukl she tell that the hot tears were ooureing down his cheeks? Poor Jaurez! ? ? ? ? 'A fool's errand, Andre,' said Don Antonia, entereing the patio in a violent temper, 'That old scamp misled Him self and us too.' Alvara held out a loather throng with seven little discs of gold hanging from it, aud burst out laugjbing. Juarez was grooming £1 Pajaro iu the stable doorway. Ihe moon was up, full aud round, shin ing on the flat roofs of the -oity, and glorifying the line cathedral in the l'iaza de laragoza. Another horse clattered into the yard, but Juarez did not turn liis head— - -*nly another comrade, in haste to get off to his family, peihaps. Juarez was very sad. 'Juarez! won't you speak to «nof' 'You here, Maraquita Ibis is no place for you.' die went on with his work, slopping the pail down he&yily; and picking up a curry-comb. 'liisteu, Juarez : I have brought you back your money. You do not know «ll ' she pleaded, stretching out her round arms in the moonlight . 'I know enough,' he muttered stern ly-. 'I have no father now, Juarez, and Garcia has gone too. T3iey called each other thief and traitor, and fought with knives, and they are dead in tbe cane patdi. D you won't take your dollars, take me, (or I hare always loved you — only, you great brown simpleton, - you wouldn't 6«e it.' When S Rggaro thought enough time - had been pasted, he looked over the ' bucket, and pushed his soft nose between ' them to be kissed, ? ? ? a 'If 1 don't dance at the wedding,' said Ddn Antonio, as he gave Juarez a long furlough, 'tit will be your fault, not mine.' But he did danoe, and so did Alvara, and so did I — and there it was 1 heard this little story. — 'Oassell's 'Penny Magasine.' It all depends on the point of view, he said, reflectively. Whet do you meanf she asked Well, by way of illus tration. he answered, there's Mrs. Jones next door, who 'sings all day Mfe. Looking at it from one point of view, we say 'Happy woman,' and from another Unbans BB^hbosn,' 