A MTIYE OUTLAW. DEFIED TWO GOYEENMSNTS FOE EIGHT YEAES. The Breelong Hurderers No Comparison. TiiEitnaro those who criticise severely the police because the Breolong blacks wero not hunled down in a fow days. Talk is cheap, however. It is another I Indian killed tho Kid's grandfather, I raid ho risked his chid for leave of I absence loug enough to kill tho Pima. j A refusal to permit this departure was I f.s if r. business man should rofuso an v employees ." day'e leave to attend his I' mother's funeral. Sieber tnr.de tho request tho test icr r. cermon on the wrongfulnesD oE killing, c\cn though tcu centuries of ancestors commanded that it bo done, and refused tho re quest. Apacho Kid went off without leave, taking tho scouts of his squad with him, killed tho Pima, and re ported back for duty. He was ar rested, but escaped the Fame night, and with a few Indians started for Old Mexico. Iv tho Gealluro Moun tains tho fugitives camo upon two prospectors digging on a claim. The Indians crept to tho mouth of tho shaft whero tho white men wero s digging, and shot them. But tho j soldiers were close behind them. ! They were cut off from Old 1 and, doubling on their trail, camo back to tho reservation, where they were again arrested. Several of the band were hanged for murder, but Kid and four others woro court martialled, and sentenced to imprison ment In the military prison in Alcatras Island, in San ITrsneisoo Bar. Kid during his journey through California got a clear idea of the numbers of the white man. Ho sr.tr San ITrancifico j and tho brick forts and tho big br.t ieries on Alcatras before ho was locked j up there. President Cleveland par- ' doned Kid out of prison, and returned j him to the reservation. But tho civil ] authorities of Arizona did notliko tha j idea of an Indian guilty of as cold blooded a murder as that of the two i prospectors, and the Grand Jury in disted Apache Kid for Grand . juries we arc not on tho Indians , bco;:s. All civil procsssssaro mysteries to them. Indeed, Kid could never : understand why he was let out of Alcatraz. It was anewsvay of making war to him. "Well, the civil authorities ran Kid ; through tho court mill like any other criminal, found him guilty, and sen tenced him to be hanged. Sheriff Grlen v/Ith a deputy r.nd a teamster, started for luci to deliver ? these prisoners and a Hesican at the penitentiary. This was in ISTovember, ISS-9. The outfit came to a hard pieco of road, and Sheriff lieynolds made all his prisoners, but one lame one, - ivalk. They were shackled in couplee ar.d the sheriff and ais deputy walked with them. Tha lame Indian v,-as left iii tne Y."a£t!ccn,^narcicciby tuoteamstcr. Suddenly the shackled prisoners j sprang upon their two guards. At j the same moment the lame Indian j snatched the pistol from the teamster j and shot him in the face. The sheriff and his deputy were beaten to death with stones. Tha story v/as told bj the Mexican prisoner, who escaped before tho Apaches £iad got rid of their shackles. They found the keys to tho irons In the sheriffs pocket. They took all the money the dead men had, and with this and the white men's arm 3 they fled to tha moantAins. Hare begins the real story of the life of this hnman tiger. With hi 3 fellow prisoners, a band of cut-throats, under a devil's leadership, they raided back and forth across the ZMesican frontier, killing men and torturing women, while the soldiers and s volunteer corps ot ICO cowboys chased tha band until their horses dropped under them. Others took us the hunt, and pressed the Indians so closely that they had to scatter. Host of them drifted back to the reservation, but Kid never came in. T-.vo years after his break he svrcoped down on -co outsorts or tno reserva tion, and cnrrzeci oir a> voting scruaw. Ea kept zs? In the mountains vrith L;:r:, and s-3 saw tha arrfal vvreaiing or for trra years, when, sao escaped and returned to th.3 reserva tion. Since that time- he has siolen bucks to ~hom they belonged j but no ether 35——~ evur returned. Another correspondent, writing from Deeming, a cattle-raising centre in 2s"ew Mexico, says: If Apache Kid, is rea'ly dead, the people here about will feel as if a enrse had been raised from the country. The ranges and mountains to the sonth and west have been the ground for bis devilish hunting. Many a poor cowboy loping lazily across the rango has reeled from his saddle and fallen to the wire grass vrith a bullet through his back, because Apache Kid hated all man kind. It was down near Shakespeare, three years ago, that lilrank P. J"arvls, driving -with bis younjj wife and baby, ran into one of Kid's ambushes. When they wero found the three were dead in a buggy together. The horses had been hamstrung and left hitched to the gig. A day or two j later Kid came boldly into a cabin on ? the Gila and demanded cartridges. He told the men there, who did not dare attempt to kill him, that he had shot the white man in the baggy, but before he could reach, taa cutfii the aviug man Lad blown out the brains of the woman and child to keep their: out of his hands. For eight yeare soldiers from Fort "Wingate, Fort Huachuccv, Port Grant, and Port Bovs-io have chaeed Kid through this country. Lieut. Scan with a small detachment ran into Kid with a few braves at tha foot of the Santa Ilita Mountains. It was just about dark, and tho Apaches scattered among the rock 3 and fired down on tho soldiers. Kid kept shouting English and Spanish oaths at the soldiers when he was not firing. One or two of the soldiers woro killed, and one dead Indian was found among the rocks when Bean's party crawled up to them next morning, but Kid and tha remainder of tha gang were gone. This was about as near a3 they ever got to ? him. They have often found his winded ? horses hamstrung on ths trail as they ', followed him. He would not shoot , tbern, because he neror wastes thing to act. For eight years an Indian held a country in terror in America. Ho was never caught, but a year or so ago ">vas supposed to haro died in the r.inges ho haunted. Tlie Apacho Ivid, as he was called, vras regarded aa the v.-orstludip.n that ever j hit the war trail. For years and jcr.rs \ he v.t.s the terror of settlers along j both sides c£ the Mexican frontier. | Nearly always alone, ho murdered i every whito man, woman, or child he could kill without danger to himself. The TTiiitcd States GS-ovcrninent and that of Zuesieo spent hundreds of thousands of dollars and scores of soldiers' lives in his pursuit, but they never rounded up Apache Kid. lie was the best riile shot on the San Cr.rlos Ilsfcrvatiou when he first took the warpath, and he tvaa as cunning as his aim was deadly and his bate of tho ivliite man 3erco. Hα lived like a tigor, lying in wait on lonely trails for his prey, aud murdering for the mere lust of blood. Seven thousand dollars was tho reward offered on his head, but the reward was never claimed. A newspaper correspondent, writing from Plueuix, in Arizona, says : —lt Is over a j-ear now since the body of murdered man or woman brought dread word to the world of his activity, and no such period baa elapsed before since Kid and his fellow murderers on their way to execution clew their guards and escaped to tho monn tains, and that was 10 yeare ago. Tho frontier has reason to pray that tho tale of his death is true. l ? or years ho has been a terrifying ghost in the mountains and on tho plains of Southern Arizona and Northern Mexico. His business has been murder, his sport assassination. The armies of two great countries have ?warred with him, aud the graves of those who wero sent against him are as plenty as the graves of those he had slain while they slept or while they travelled unconscious of iiis ner.r ness. His Ufa has bsen that of a tiger, not of a man. During years there has been hardly a day when he ?was not the dangerous qur.rrj for which men hunted. A price was put upon his head, and man-hunters from civil life left their vocations to try and win £1400 that was bid for his life. Civil officers and soldiers—-he hates them all. And neither the men in uniform nor the men in plain clothes hare ever been able to capture or kill-him. While they brought his brothers to follow his trail over a desert he murdered behind them. "When they sought him there they heard of him twenty leagues away, shooting; a teameter from ambush beside the road, braining a child that had wandered from a ranch house, cutting tho throat of a woman who was alone In a cabin. Xob-ody knows how many lives he took. The pigeon holes of the "VTar Departmsnt hold the musty vouchers for hundreds of thousands o£ :Ici!a.TS -ps vain attempt to slav this spectre of the desert. Oα the other side or the liio Grande, the jlexicaris hnve the same sort of story of fallure told by archives and military reports. In his war with two great nations, Apacha Kid stands Tictor. Tho reason, for the belief in the death of Apacha Kid is ins report of two prospectors, Burnett and Bon sal I. who foucd the cave in the Super stition 2Jountain that sheltered 2i:si during some or h:3 disappearance?. Several times the sold'.srs pressed h:si close In the Superstition iloisntains, but thero always came a time whan no more footprints could be found, and the soldiers had to return to taeir posts with the usual tale cf unauccess. The prospectors watched the hols for months for the coining of ths man wolf who denned there. Ha did not come, and they at last ventured into the hole and explored its entire ez tent. They found old evidences or its occupancy, but tlioir judgment was that no man had passed in or out of that cave since the big rains a year ago. It was - an. ideal stronghold for a haunted man. The only entrance to It was on an almost perpendicular bluff that overlooked the country for miles. One man with a riSe could hold tho place cgajnst an army as long as his ammunition held oat. "Where the Kid died, if dead he is, no : man can say. Ha knew how It would delight his enemies to know of his death, and he had wit enough to hide himself if he felt dea-th coming. The story of Apache Kid's career is told bj one or the ofHeiats of the Saa Carlos Indian Agency. He writes : Tip to ISSS Apache Kid vras as well behaved an Indian as ever cams on to this reservation. Hβ vras a scout and trailer under General Crocke, and helped that cScer to run hia kinsman Geronimo to earth in tho Sierra iladre. He grow up on the reserva tion like any other Apache boy, and the only attention he attracted during the first 25 years of his life was because of ilia wonderful prowess with bow and arrow aud wiih the rifle. When he van l'-i years eld he could outahoofc any Indian on the reserva tion, and hey.as frequently called up to show his skill before distinguished visitors. "When he grew up he natur ally Yvent into tho scouts, and behaved himself; that is, ho helped the whites to hunt his people to death whenever ho was so commanded by Chief of Scouts Al Sieber. The Kid rose to bo sergeant of scouts. In 188S a Pirna a cartridge, and, being an Apsche, he never kills mercifully if he can torture. Tho tale- of his devilry is long and diversified. Two yaars ago he was eoen near the railroad, and a bunch of soldiers were out after him. They did not find him, but near Lordsburg, where he had been reported, they found the body of a 10-year-old boy, who had strayed from town. Kid had swung the little fellow, and smashed his head against the rails of tho track. Xiiko all tha Apaches, he talks Spanish, anil pastes readily for a Mexican. So ho has come into towns whore- ho is not known to buy cartridges, and once or t-.vico ho hsis gone to work as a vaquero on cattle ranges. He worked for ono outfit for tyro weeks without being discovered. Then he was sent out with two other cowboj's to a spring corral In the foothills to zound up cattlo. They did not return, and r. search resulted in a discovery of hia iwo companions lying iv their blankets with their throats cut. Their horses out. The Kid, on his own mount, and with the r.rrns a:id ammunition of the tyro cowboys, was, of course, gone, and ::e vras not hesrd of again until ho shot a rancher up on Snitliiver. Tho rancher came to hi 3 cabin door in the morning and fell dead on the thres hold. Tho rancher's partner fired through tho window at the brush whore rifle smoko vraa rising, and say/ the Indian slink r.v,\",y. Kid never hunts c. fight or kills with danger to himself, for to :imr£er In safety is tho Apaches' fir3t war lav,-, and Kid wr3 an Apache to the laat drop of h'"s blood. 