Dead Man's Gully* (Continued) BY T. WHITEFOOT BROADWAY. But. as the day advanced a deep shade had come over Wallace's face. He had been seized with an over- whelming thought: "If he had not been here then had all this wealth been mine." At first the suggestion came as a whisper in his ear; he had only given a passing notice. Now it was surging in his brain, and ringing in his ears. Ah, Wallace, where is now thy 'generous heart? When thou wast poor the poverty of a black man touched thee aud opened the founttain of thy sympathy; thou did'. £ share with him ,thy substance. • Now thou art rich. Why art thou envious of thy brother? . Whence this avariciousness? * If he had not been here,, all thi£ wealth would have been mine. "Come, friend Wallace, don't be down hearted the last day we're here. What ails you, man ?" "Nothing Abdul nothing". "We have been successful" pursued the Indian. Wallace nodded. "We have got gold," Again the nod of assent. "You will be rich, and I who am a prince, shall be a prince indeed!" "Yes replied Wallace, and he raised his eyes and fixed them on the other's face You are about the richest blackfelfpw that I know. There was a cruel emphasis on the word, and-the Indian, rose to his feet with dignity. "Pardon me," he said "did yon address that word to me ?" There was an ugly pause, and then by a strange intuition Abdul Rahman seemed to grasp the situation. A flesh as of lightning- fell from his eyes, and there was a quivei* in his limbs— a working of the muscles of his face and neck. " Ah, is it so? " he cried. You would rob me of my share 1 You See fourth page. |woui<i rCb me <jf fifty gold ! You /would leave me acorp ;e by the way-.-, side, and appropriate /the wealth. By Allah ! And it is for this I have defiled myself, and eaten bread with Ja-.dbg- of a Christian ! Defend yourself !"- • V"' . Wallace had-risen and grasped a knife, and Abdul, with a spring like a tiger, fell on him with a- dagger which he drew from 1 his; belt. •The evening shades were falling and a pale half-moon was beginning to cast shadows cn the ground, when with an bath and a curse., these tw° men fell on each other, aud struggled for" each other's blood. The : space of a few seconds passed, then with a thiid the Indian's body fell upon the sod. Panting heavily Wallace stood, for one brief moment, gazing upon jfhe face of his comrade. Then remorse stalked in upon him, and be realised the depth to which he had fallen. "Abdul, Abdul," he shrieked attempting- to raise the bleeding body,. " speak man, and tell nie that I am not a murderer. "But the dying man spoke not. The rattle came in his throat, and as he gasped for breath the blood welled from the wopnd in his neck. In an agony Wallace placed liim in a sitting position against a tree, and fallingdown before him, gazed into the glassy eyes. It was over. The scream of a night bird broke tthe stillness, and the groan of one of the camels, as tie shifted uneasily, answered it, and then there came deep silence and solitude. And up out of that silence and solitude there ; came a weird voice. The murderer listened. These were the words he heard.— \- - • "The chosen son of the Prophet, Has met his death in his search for gold- Gold for the cause of the Prophet*! . And the assassin who hides from the face of men Shall be haunted by dead men from .yr _ * lull-top to glen, Till" comes to the place of the the murder again To be slain bj' the hand of the Prophet i Over and over again the words fell on his ear. True they were but. the words that Abdul had once repeated as a sample of his native poetry ; but he had never even thought of them since. ^Now in* the stillness the words were quite audible. Did they come from himself ? He iould not tell. But there he crouched, before the dead man and the cry kept ringing ih his brain. He tried to .\ , move away ; he tried to risa; he tried to crawl; but all the same he remain ed rooted to the spot. A thick cloud came up and overspread, the moon. Agairvthe night bird cried, and again the jcamels groaned. Still he saf there. .Who shall describe his feelings, or say that in those fleeting hours he did cot live a thousand nights ? Around him stood the shades of the departed. There on the right stood his father, a look of lyarror on his aged face ; here, close to him his mother stooped, weeping shining- tears ; and as the night wore on, the shadowy forms <• gathered closer to him and the spirit . of an aged man in Indian dress came and stood by Abdul's body, his eyes and hands raised to heaven in a mute appeal for vengeance on the murderer. As the sun broke over the boulders, the dawn of another day —Christmas Day —a man with hair as gray as a . man of seventy, crawled away from the spot. It was Wallace, the murderer, seeking to fly from the valley of death. Broken unmanned) he left his gold, he forgot the camels In an agony of pain he climbed the _ .quartz reefs, and alighted on the plain beyond. In many a cathedral that day, and many a humbler church the praise went up to heaven for the glad tidings that peace and goodwill had come upon the world. But the sun which beamed upon them also watched the ^ progress of a man from whom peace had fled, and who had naught of goodwill left him on the earth, who tramped through the scrub, tearing his clothes and rending his flesh; whose sole absorbing idea was to put all the distance he could between • himself and the work of his hands. III. Christmas, a year later dawns upon the desert, and as the sun burns his way over, the plain, four sleepers arise^sid shake the dust from their blankets. v"Hq*oa, boys "cried the last Upon ' his feet, " A happy Christmas to you. Morning, Jack "—to one of the jnea y e a with a dusty, dirty face** its easy, seen you haven't used Pears' soap this morning. By hokey, we're in for a regular scorcher, today. Jimmy turned up yet? No ? Well, I guess he'll not be long, so let's get to breakfast, for I ; m mortal hungry." They were a party of prospectors the desire, for gold had brrught but into the interior. They were respectively — jack Chambers, the maker of the happy speech just repeated, and head man amongst thSrn — Tom Dyer. Jack Allday (colonials and representatives of two colonies, ) -and Frank Scott, an English lad scarce twenty,who from his general ignorance of the bush and- his more gentlemanly manners, went in the camp by the appellation of " Gussie. " Yesterday from the'top of a high hill they thought they discerned a green patch of country, and a lake or a pool of water, and not coming up to it when the sun set had sent forth Jinjmy, an aboriginal native who accompanied them, to spy out the place and bring them word. If their eyes had not deceived them f and the place were close, they would go there and camp for the day; if Jimmy could not find it they intended to camp where they were and have a holiday ; a day's rest from their march. Breakfast was soon prepared, and the fonr busily engaged upon it, talking .the meanwhile, — as how else conld they ?-—of home and Christmas joys of the sweet, sweet past. The three.Australians talked the Englishman listened, till at % last, urged on by the remarks of his comrades, he tentered the conversation, \- " I don't like the Christmas in the colonies at all " he said. 4' It's too tame. And more than that it's unnatural You laugh of ,course, but that's how I feel. You've no holly, no snow, no" ghosts or ghost stories—nothing but heat and flies and long drinks'. It doesn't seem a bit like Christmas to nie." A hearty [laugh followed Gussie's views. " Poor old Gussie," said Chambers, * 'you ARE full of troubles. I'm sure we all sympathise with you. Try some mope tinned bully. No ? I suppose, you'll say next that your British roast beef is better than this tinned stuff. Hello ! here comes Jimmy. . What's he " running for. Look out boys, there may be wi Id .niggers about." . . * Jimmy advanced from the scrub a short distance away at a run, glancing over his shoulder as he came. The party were on their -feet in a moment,' grasping their weapons. " What is it ?"' asked Chambers. "Niggers?" Jimmy shook his head. " Too ; much Jingey. Me 'fraid. Goin- back-a Ooolgardie. No go that way- Too much Jingey." He was shivering, .yet the perspiration stood on his black forehead, and trickled from his grizzly hair. Chambers went to. one of the saddles and produced a flask, and having poured put a "nobbier" of brandy, he handed it to the black, who gulped it neat. "Now sit down and tell us all about it." To be continued. 