k SOLDIER'S 8K0ST STORY. TM» U ? TctM St*ry UM ty U DM PamlaMrte ? fawwir OhtpWn ?» OtwttM M«t#tUI. In the yuar 1709 there was a largo prri mm kt Dover as Uiero wm at Oml Mitii- n constant expectation of an attack from Franco. There were six battalions at Dover, four of which were quartered in tho Oattlc On January Hlh thorn happened an event wiuen ninao a groat impression on mo garri son, and which was never explained. Among tho men whose duty was scntry-go on that night wm Giles Markliam, a native of Tewlu'sbusy, who was what is called 'a character.' A bold, boieterouB, rollicking fellow, he always loudly expressed a dis belief in things which were not vouched for by hie own Reuses. On the night of January 14th, 1799, Giles Markliam went on to take his turn of sentry duty at eleven o'clock, and he was to bo at his post until one in the morning. The air was cold and bracing. Within the guardhouse a large fire blazed merrily, and the men were merry too. Markliam, who was always the leading spirit among his comrades, was full of fun, and had entertained his comrades with, many a story and jest. At length hiB turn for duty came, and ho reluctantly turned out. Dul ncss fell upon the guardhouse when ho left, and most of: the men dropped into a doze. The fire was beginning, to burn low when suddenly the voice of the sentry at the guardliouse-door was heard calling out, and pome one rushed into the room. Every ono was awake in a minute, and the intruder was seen to be. Giles Markham. His cheeks were white, his limbs trembled, his firelock, which he had brought with him; foil with a crash to the ground. The whole of the guard were by this time alarmed, .and all crowded round, the man and asked; in one voice - 'What's the matter, Markham f What has haqpened ?' ' I have seen my mother,' .gasped, the' un- happy man. ' Seen the . devil !' said the sergeant. ' And suppose you have, why did you quit your post!' ?' ' ? ? . ? . ? ' Was I .to go into the sentry-box while my mother washere?- demanded Marktiam, shaking from head to foot as if in an ague fit. ' I tell you, I couldn't do it — -ho, not if it were to save my life.' ' It won't do, Markham,' said the sergeant, i Recollect that there are such things as the Articles of War. It won't do to crack your jokes at the expense of them.' But Markham's manner . so impressed 'the men that some of them almost unconsciously noted the time .by the guardroom clock. It was five-and-twenty minutes to one, and a memorandum was made of the time. ' I am sorry for you, Markham,' said 'the sergeant, ' but this must be reported, to the officer, and you must take the consequences.' 'I don't care what the consequences may be, or. to whom you report me,' he replied. When tlie officer arrived he, of course/de manded an, explanation. Markham, who had by this time recovered his self -composure, then gave the following account of his ad venture — ' ' You know where my post was,' he said, ' on the platform of Number Five battery, which overlooks the sea. The sentry whom I relieved reported 'AH well.' Over the surface of the Channel, as far as my eyes could reach-, not a thing was moving. The noises from the town grew every moment less and less, and at last they died away, so that when the clocks struck twelve there was not a sound except the roar of the sea. I have often done duty on that post before, but never have ' I felt the silence as I did to-night. I was thoroughly depressed by tbe stillness and loneliness arovmd me. And then I fell a-thinking. I thought of my past life, and. I knew that it had not been all it ought to have been. ' I thought of my mother, and I remembered how -she used to weep over my father's loose life— and it was a very loose life — and how she used to pray that I might turn out a better man than he was. Poor mother ! I stood beside the gun, and wept like a baby as I thought of her, and of what she would think of me now. ; After a time the feeling wore off, and. I laughed at myself for giving way to silly scntiment alism. I faced about and walked to the end of my beat, and then, feeling tired, made for the sentry-box; Sir, you may not believe me, but as there is a heaven above us, there at the box stood my mother. She was pale, and looked at me with an expression of sorrow that cut me to the heart. I was glued to the spot. I could not move. I heard her voice. She said, ' This day twelve months we shall meet again.' The words smote me,- and .1, who was never frightened before, quaked with fear— fear of what I know not. I tried to speak, but couldn't. At length I. found feeling return to my legs,- ana- I bolted. Believe me as you like, every, word I have said, sir, is true.' . . 'You have told a- strange story, Mark ham,' said the officer, ' to account for your commission of a serious military offence. But I will do this much for you. A. prisoner you raustbe, and a report must be Bent in to morrow to the colonel ; but he shall be told your tale, and as j'Ou have been . a good soldier I will beg his leniency for you. . You are a native of Tewketbury, you say. Does your mother live there ?' 'I have every reason to suppose so,' answered Markham. 'It is years since I have seen her or written to her.' 'Very well,' said the officer, 'your mother shall be written to; and your fate will depend on the answer.' Markham was kept a prisoner that night, and was reported next morning. Two letters were despatched by the colonel, one to Markham s mother, and another to the : clergyman of the parish in which she was] supposed to reside. . In due course there ' came back answers to both letters. One ? was in the handwriting of Markham's father, ; and the other from the parson. The bitter ? stated that he had received an intimation the very morning when the colonel's letter ' reached him that the woman concerning whom the inquiries had been made was to. be buried next day. Markham, senior, in his letter stated that his wife had died at half-past twelve on the night of January 14th. The news made so much impression on tbe colonel that Markham was released. Time rolled on until a year had gone, and Markham's regiment was at Ashford. When January 14th came round again Markham seemed as healthy as ever. He had gone through a hard fatigue' duty in the day, and when bedtime came he gladly tumbled in, saying a cheery ' Good-night' to his com rades. That was at ten o'clock. Borne two hours and a half aiterwards one of the men of Markham's company, who had had leave to be kite, came in, and was a bit noisy. Some of the men woke up, and Markham's voice was heard saying, 'I. am coming, mother.' It was 12.30 on the 14th January. Markham was found dead in his bed the . next morning, with a peaceful, happy, look in his face. ? . ' 