BUSH EXPERIENCES IN THE NORTH. RACY ANECDOTES AND CHIPPY COMMENTS. * XBY ROBERT BRUCE. 1 GHAFTER XVII. /continued). How Mary Ann did laugh, and then, without a pause, howled- when l| so sadly forgot myself as to give her box in the ear. I don't think the fair] creature, who on ordinary occasions would come up smiling after receiving ~a thump on the nob from the yam stick of a friend that might have laid out a chopping block, was hurt, but then she was a woman and saw her opportunity, so would have continued | her music till the crack of doom had I not presented her with a blue skirt and half a pound of tobacco, then she smiled like a summer's sunbeam through a passing shower, and all was peace. Since the above little incident I occurred no provocation has been powerful enough to persuade me intoj applying corporeal adm mition to a nigger, except when on one occasion, years afterwards, I caught a black boy! just as he dismounted from one of my! cart horses, with which he had roused] the echoes of the stilly night, and in too hurried a manner I warmed him. Old John D., who has long since departed to the lands of spirits, was, as I have said before, a very decent fellow, and certainly the lessons I learnt from him at the Pine Hut were of great service to me in after years. It/was well known that John was an old convict, although he himself was very reticent on the subject, but X feel certain, however, that he had .been 'sent out' for some offence,, which in the present day might have brought him a month or two's imprisonmhmfit* the outside. To John D. John D., my Yandemonian, A decent chap were you, .For though not quite Johnsonian, Your words were rarely blue, And if across the sad sea foam They sent you free of charge, Why, lots of greater rogues at Home Were left to run at large. Yes, John, altogether a leary bloke, \- >Ahd doubtless up to snuff, You were a chip of British .oak, \- A.ftough old bit of stuff. For ν'S gizzard you had got, .. Though gamey. legged were spry, I think, in dumplings from your pot, And sighing, say good-bye. r" * * J • * ' * ' f JFriend John, you've gone without a To seek the myfttmbourne, as on earthjou were a lag, Where, where, do you sojourn ? I cannot have you up on high Nor, somehow, down below, So rather fancy you must fly Between the two, you know. Now, c so long,' John, and may you be A comfortable ghost, And not for all eternity Have Someone for a host. 