Christian Endeavour Rally. ' This was the first of the series of great Conference public meetings and a noble gathering it proved to be ; truly the Methodist churoh is more active than ever to the importance of conserving for her own service the grace and strength of her young people. And it seemed as though young Methodism was determined to show its grateful appreciation of this fostering care, for by half-past seven the Centenary Hall was filled by them in every part. Like a peal of victory rang out the hymn ' Jesus the name high over all ' to the tune ' Lydia.' The Rev. W. a. Taylor offered prayer. The Rev Jos. Woodhouse, Secretary of Conference of Christian Endeavour, after congratulating the President upon his election to the chair of the Conference, presented the year's report. It showed the general council had communicated with the chairman of the country districts regarding the formation of Christian Endeavour district committees and the appointment of district visitors, but no report had yet been made. The council resolued that the Con ference committee of the Y.P.S.C.E. be the district committee for Sydney. The metropolitan and suburban area was now divided into eight districts, and visitors had been appointed, The meeting of the council had been made additionally interesting by the receipt of visitors' reports, whilst the ?visits of the societies had been appreciated. Addresses and papers had been read and discussed at counoil meetings on such ?subjects as ' Christian Endeavour as an aid in soul saving work,' 'How to win and tetain young men,' How to encourage the starting of junior societies,' and 'Church membership : Its obligation and value to . Christian Endeavourers.' The council was assured of the benefit to the En deavourers of the work done by the council during the past year (the first year of its existence), and trusted its influ ence might be more widely . extended in the future. The last year's Conference sally was, in spite of extremely unfavour able weather, a conspicuous success. After paying the year's expenses out of the funds of the collection an amount of ^6 4s Id was handed over to the Conference Expenses Fund. The returns to September 30, 1899, revealed a gratifying increase in all the districts except Bathurst, which -showed a decrease of two societies and 49 :members. The net increase for the colony was 10 societies and 882 members. This year (for the first time) returns were presented of Endeavourers who were -members of the Church. Those returns .showed that out of a total of 4882 Endeavourers, 2313, or 47 per cent., were church members. It showed that i-300 ? 6s 7d had been contributed by the . Endeavourers to circuit and other objects. ' That, however, by no means indicated the \- total support of their Church's institutions ;by members of the Christian Endeavour societies. The committee regarded the columns requiring the return of contribu tions as invidious, misleading, and un necessary, and recommended their omission. The committee had sent circulars to the superintendents of circuits requesting \- the appointment of delegates to the general ? council, Most of the church circuits of Sydney and suburbs complied, and a few country societies appointed proxies to represent them. The committee was .gratified with the result of the institution of the general council so far as the Sydney . district was concerned. The President then delivered a Bhort address, during which he stated he had with others watched the embarkation of the soldiers of the Queen, and on seeing the immense attendance to witness that demonstration of loyalty, he feared the attendance at their meeting would have been somewhat affeoted. But such was not the case, there was no disturbing element apparent, so what could be said against an institution that could command a meeting such as that was, iinder such circumstances ? The supremacy of the Lord Jesus Christ and their unswerving loyalty to the Church to which they belonged accounted for the largeness of the attendance. A meeting inspired by loyalty and devotion, and comprising so many young of both sexes, spoke well for the institution and those who were its members. The Christian Endeavour Society connected various Churches, and brought into play an inspiration, enthusiasm, and devotion to the best things. The consecration of a life to Him should receive their hearty admiratian and support. He was glad that the Methodist Church accorded a generous and sincere support. Their motto was, 'For Christ and the Church;' and the pledge of the society was a whole-hearted devotion no ChriBt, whilst its terms meant a full and unreserved discipleship to Him. Only 47 per cent, of Endeavourers were in open and avowed fellowship with the Church, but he saw no reason why the remainder should not be members. For all reasons that affected the usefulness of the Endeavour Society he urged and begged the margin of difference might be removed during the coming year, The hymn 'Father, Son, and Holy Ghost ' was sung, after which the Rev. W. Henry Howard (Brushgrove) delivered an address on 'The agreement of the O.E. pledge with the genius of Methodism.' Mrs. Booth had pointed out that the tend, ency of all movements within the Church was to crystallise, and then God raised up a new agency.' The movement of the age was undoubtedly Christian Endeavour. There was something in man that craved for originality. God owned this, and appealed to it : He said, ' Behold I make make all things new ! ' Nature was ever unfolding her Author's glory in newer forms of life and physical phenomena. God's Church was ' ever new and every young.' Though the experience of Christians to-day might be similar to that of a bye-gone age. there are ever newer developments, new modes of thought, new methods of express ing the experience of salvation and grace both by personal testimony and aggressive ness in work. Happy the Church capable of adaptation to the ineyitable changes that force themselves upon their attention. The grand consideration was not how far a movement was original, but would it hold, and hold tenaciously, those elements which were essentials of Divine truth ? The world wanted shorter creeds, but more vivid methods of demonstrating the truth in their individual and citizens' life. It was one proof of the greatness of Wesley that he grew with the developments of his time, and wisely adopted proved methods of doing good. Christian Endeavour came at a time when, in many plaoes, the class meeting had ceased to 'grip' the younger and more buoyant of our people ; when that hallowed and helpful means of grace seemed little better than a ' fetish,' at least had lost some of its attractiveness, it found in Methodism a congenial soil. 'Why ? He made bold to assert that it was because the movement was in agreement with the genius of Methodism. It had been said that the germ-coll of the Methodism was the class meeting. It was not the class-meeting but what it Btood for, that was the germ-cell, viz., direct and definite cove nant with God arid the fellowship and oneness of believers in Christ Jesus. The very core of C.E. was the pledge. It was to be feared with many the obligation of covenant-making and keeping was growing obsolete. The Old Testament was literally saturated with this idea, and the New Testament taught the truest and deepest conseoration. Paul declared, ' I am crucified with Christ; ' he suffered the loss of all things for Christ. Like Cortes he burnt his ships behind him, and it was this definiteness in personal service that Mr. Wesley demanded of his members. When the men who had left for South Africa enlisted in the service of the Queen, they were sworn in, and it would be wrong to send men upon such an errand without such an expression of fidelity. Their pledge was their oath of allegiance. Paganini said upon a notable occasion, 'You thought the music was in my violin ; but it is in Paganini's soul.' So they might have a finely developed organization such as the C.E. movement, unless the Holy Spirit was its very soul, it would be lifeless and ineffective. Let there be the music of the soul in the C.E. move ment ; behind the mere manipulation of the natural instruments, let there be a veritable Pentecostal experience. Let them then pray with Francis Xavier — ' Yet more 0 my God and yet more.' (Applause.) A collection was taken up for the Confer ence expenses, after which greetings were given from the N.S. W. Christian Endeavour Union by the President of the Union, Rev. Josi Woodhouse. He congratulated them on the fact that there v»as a far larger num ber of societies in the colony than those of any other church. He also expressed his high appreciation of the services of the Wesleyan members on the Executive Com mittee, and urged the Endeavourers present to be true to their principles, as there was increasing need of the enthusiasm that was so characteristic of young Methodism. Mr. Henry Pain spoke on ' Christian Endeavour and personal testimony.' Personal testimony was ' a solemn declara tion or affirmation made for the purpose or establishing or proving Borne fact.' It was required in law courts that a witness spoke from his own knowledge. What was the great fact to which testimony was to be borne by Endeavourers ? The whole superstructure of the Christian faith rests on the resurrection of Christ, for '? if Christ hath not been raised, your faith is vain, ye are yet in your sins.' It is of this fact and a personal faith in the living Christ that they were to testify. Dr. Clark had at the Detroit Convention summarised this ex perience in twelve words, as ' Sacrifice and service ; living and loving ; praying and practising ; going and growing.' There were various ways in which they could hear' testimony for Jesus. They should remember that ' a holy life speaks all languages.' It had also been suggested that it was desirable that the C. E. badge should be more freely worn by members. They need not be so much concerned about the form as the fact of their testimony. Mary broke the alabaster box, since she could not remove the lid ; she cared little for the precise method of the offering, but was intent upon honouring her Lord. Now the two fundamental ideas of the C.E. movement were individual obligation for service, and committee organization. W. F McCauley said : — There were three move ments that had appeared in modern church history, very similar in origin and progress the first of which prepared the way for the second, and the first and second for the third. The first of these waB the Sabbath School ; the seoond, the Y.M-C.A., and the last the Society of Christian Endeavour. The first was started by a man who waB probably only a philanthropist ; the seoond was founded by a man who was a Christian ; but the third was established by a pastor, after a revival, as a part of his own work, and thus the C.E. Sooiety was born nearer to the heart of the churoh than either of the preceding.' (Applause.) The following resolutions were carried : — Moved by the Rev. J. Gardiner, seconded by the Rev. J. A Nol*»n, — ' That this meet ing of Christian Endeavourers declares its unbounded loyalty to the throne and person of her Majesty Queen Victoria, and hereby expresses its devout gratitude to God for the successes now being vouchsafed to the British arms in South Africa, and prays for a speedy and honourable termination of the strife.' Moved by the Rev. W. W. Rutledge,. seconded by the Rev. J. W. Moore, — ' That this meeting enters its em phatic protest against the attempt to legalise the totalisator, and pledges itself to use its utmost power to defeat the attempt.' Moved by the Rev. George Lane, seconded by the Rev. J. S. Austin,—' That this meet ing deplores the culpable laxity with which the liquor laws of the Colony are adminis tered, and urges the Government, in the interests of oomrnon morality, to permit only such persons to administer them as are themselves prepared to observe them. ? , The roll call of the societies was called, and proved to be of special interest. In addition to the responses from city, suburban and a large number of conntry circuits, there was a stimulating message from Birmingham, England. The singing of a patriotic hymn brought the meeting to a close. 