A LOST CHORD. [For Quiz.] * That which is born of the silence into the silence again departeth.5 Metaphorically speaking, Jack Rougham's headpiece was as straight as a builder's spirit-level, a fact which a neat banking account, accumulated on the Adelaide Rialto, amply proved. And yet, as Jack's most intimate crony, I had discovered—or rather thought I had discovered—one little trait of eccentricity in his good tempered composition. This slight peculiarity had to do with his piano forte playing. Jack was quite an accomplished musician, and at one time (before the glamor of the Stock Evchange assailed him) had serious thoughts of entering the ' profession ' He had composed many 'little things of his own,' but could never be persuaded to publish them. ' Pooh! those are not music — breezy little nothings,' he would say ' Wait until I knock up something worth listening to, and then the public may have it.' It was through that 'something worth listening to' I discovered what I took to be a kink in Jack's ordinary mental balance. ' All those musical chaps are more or less mad, you know,' is an aphorism of frequent usage among the over wise average individuals, andi being one °f the average myself, I certainly used to be as willing as the next man to see something peculiar in the musician's overcharged nervous system. c One evening in early summer I happened to be at Jack's luxurious bachelor dwelling "near Mount Lofty. He had one of his dreamy musical fits on and after dinner sat for nearly two hours at the piano, playing first various selections at my request and then wandering off into some quaint improvisation of his own. I was all ears for music that night and en joyed myself immensely. ' How about that piecede resistence you promised us, Jack V I asked at length. He paused for a moment, his hands poised above the keys, then suddenly he struck a few haphazard chords and spun round on his music-stool. 'Ah, yes, I have only managed a fragment so far,' he said with a short laugh. ' The rest somehow refuses to come. It causes me no end of trouble.' ' Then, play me the the fragment,' I answered lightly, 'andI will act the carping critic.' 5 He stood up and turned the tiny piano-lamp low. ' Not now; come on the verandah and smoke a cigar.' So we adjourned to the verandah and enjoyed the beauty of the night whilst we puffed placidly at our cigars. A full moon threw a sil era radiance over the beautifully kept lawn and flower beds, which sloped from ihe house until they were lost in the shadow of some giant gums. Jack had a great objection to foreign trees, and, patriotic Australian that he was, left the eucalypts to flourish about the outskirts of his garden in all their glory. From long acquaintance with the place 1 knew that beyond the trees was a little winding pa'hway which led to what was known as the * Dell.' This was a small gully of sur passing beauty which boasted a tiny waterfall and pool bedecked with ferns and other graceful plants. Jack was always fond of that little spot, and would find his way there at all sorts of odd times. 4The "Dell" must look very pretty to-night,' murmured my host pre sently, giving voice to the very thought that was in my own mind. 4 Yes,' I answered, 4 shall we take a stroT down there ; it's a p* rfect night for a rambled' 4 Not to-night, if you don't mind, old chap,' was the unexpected reply, followed by the still more unexpected query, 4 Do you believe in ghosts and things of that sort ?' 41 believe in things,' T laughed, 4 but hardly the ghosts.' 4 Why?' 4 Oh, because its all d - 4 Wait a bit,' he interposed, 4just step into the drawing room before you say any more. But stay ; you don't LORD ROBERTS A^D HIS TWO DAUGHTERS. [Gentlewoman.] think me capable of trickery, do you 1' c Certainly not,' I owned, ' unless you want d to have a joke, and then I would not trust you an inch.' " No, no, I'm serious enough Now come in whi'st I strike a bar or two on the piano.' The moonlight filtered through the open French windows, so that there was no need to turn up the lamp. Jack seated himself on the music stool, and I stood just behind him with a hand on his shoulder. 1 What am I to expect, Jack ?' I asked with a giggle. 1 Don't laugh,' he answ red, 6 but keep quite still, and listen care fu ly.' He softly played the opening bars of the sweet old melody, c The Old Folks at Home,' then paused awhile before striking what I took to be a few faint random notes. 4 Now !' he whispered, and I felt a thrill pass through his form, and as he again gently pressed the ivory keys, the sweet, clear note of a silver bell vibrated in the air above my head. Again and yet again it sounded, and then a ripple of silvery chimes seemed to waft across the room and die away with indescribable sweetness. Jack rose from the instrument, and we re turned to the verandah together. 4 Well, what do you think of it ?' he asked as he re-seated himself. 4 Think !' T cried. 4 Why, if it is a trick, Jack, it is a very pretty one ; if not ' He leaned over and placed his hand on my knee, saying, 4 It is no trick, old man. I sometimes wish it were, for it has occurred many times of late, and: causes me no end of speculation." 4 Well, what is your most feasible idei V I asked, anxious to get his opinion before mentioning my own: 4 T have none; but listen. I told you just now that I had composed a fragment of a piece of music. That was only half a truth ; I have com posed none of it—I only remembered it No don't interrupt. About three months ago I had a peculiar dream. I thought I had wandered by some means or other down to the " Dell." It was night, and the moon shone with the same splendor as it does now. I stood at the foot of the waterfall, drinking in the beauty of the scene, when suddenly a burst of silvery tin tinabulations sounded above my head just as you heard them to-right. I" looked upward, and there at the head of the fall, between two grass-trees, and with the moonlight glinting on her flowing hair, stood the most beautiful woman a man could ever imagine. She was dressed in gracefully arranged drapery after the old classical style such as you see in ancient Greek statuary. And as I gazed bewildered and spellbound she began to sing a soog that was yet no song, but the whole sweet expression being musie itself. I understood then that a mortal can have i oo much of a good thing, and the overpowering sweetness seemingly cau ed me to swoon for very rapture. ' I awoke, and as I did so I caught the faint, distant echo of the elusive melody. So impressed was *1 by the dream that I could remember some of the bars of music, and the next even ing I tried them over, as I have done many times since, and on every occa sion the moment I strike the opening notes the same manifestation of silver chimes occurs. Now you know as much as I do. Let us turn in.' I was too much impressed by the gravity of Jack's recital to press curious questions, so I reti ed to my room, which, - by-the-way, opened like Jack's—after t* e manner of the drawing-room—on to the verandah. Seeing that my erstwhile mate rialistic mind had received such a shock, sleep came to me much sooner than I might have expected. I had not b en dozing ong, howeve r, when I suddenly awoke with a s'ait. As I did so the music of the 'spirit/ chimes caught my ear. I sat up in bed, and as 1 did so I distinctly saw the figure of a man pass my window, the blind of which had not been lowered. Without stopping to think I jumped from my couch and opened the window, just in time to see Jack, clad in pyjamas and slippers, step from the verandah on to the lawn. 'Jack/ I called softly, 'Jack.' He paid no heed, but "continued on his way. ' J ack !' I almost shouted • but still he gave no sign, and it occurred to me that he was walking in his sleep. As he got into the shadow of the gums I started in pursuit, and soon descried him making along the pad which led to the Dell. The uneven path soon reminded me that my feet needed pro tection, but still I kept on. I soon overhauled my friend, and called to him again, but as I put forth my hand to touch him I re membered it would be better not to interfere with his progress if I did not wish to startle him. So I stole along in his wake. Looking neither to right nor left he made straight for the waterfall, which even then I noticed appeared lovely beyond description in the moonbeams that filtered through the tall eucalypts on either side of the gully. Arriving at the fern decked pool he paused and seemed to listen to the plash of the tiny streamlet as it rippled down the fall. He heaved a sigh, which I took to be a sign of leturning consciousness, and again my hand stretched forth to touch him; but just at that moment the cadence of the bells sounded on the still night air. The sleeper heard it also and raised his head. A look of eager expectancy was on his handsome face as he gazed at the summit of the falls. Suddenly his expression changed to one of rapturous gladness, and his arms stretched out with such an in voluntary gesture of joy that I paused to follow his gaze. And then I re ceived a shock that sent my heart with a suffocating throb against my ribs, for there between the two grass trees that Jack had mentioned, stood the figure of a woman—tall, beautiful, and divine in every poetic sense of the term. The moon was behind her, and yet X could see her face with its aureole of moon-kissed hair, just as my friend had described her. It has dawned on me since that I learned then what the 1 haunting beauty ' of a face might mean, so I shall not court failure by attempting to describe it. Her eyes, large, limpid, and daeamy as a summer night, seemed to look at Jack and yet beyond him, down the tree-covered valley to the blue, blue sky with its twinkling stars that the moon had paled right into God's own immensity. And then faintly, sweetly, she began to sing a song, which, as Jack had said, was not a song. It was a bliss ful pouring forth of the gladness of a soul that had transcended all earthly things, all earthly wisdom—a bliss that was perfect, limitless, eternal. I felt the meanness of my own being, the pettiness of my own soul, the frailty of my own heart; but in spite of myself something within me seemed to rise to the celestial melody; something which in me throbbed and pulsated till with one mighty surge of blissful adoration my spirit tore free from its prison to meet the rise and fall of the music to which I now seemed welded. A rapture supreme was mine, and my soul joyed in a new-born freedom. I understood and felt the music of whispering leaves, the ripple of waters, the kiss of the sunbeams on the flower decked hillside, the everlasting croon of the sea, and the glint of the moon beams on the water. I was at one with all the pulsating life of Nature ; everything, every knowledge was mine, aad I was—ah, God! I was a worm again! The music had ceased, the woman had gone, and only our two prayerful figures were kneeling in the moonlight. Trembling and exhausted with a strange exhaustion, I staggered to my feet, but already Jack was on his way back to the house. He went straight to the drawing-room, still wrapped in trance, and' switched on the electric light, which during the earlier part of the evening he had objected to because of its glare. Without hesitation he seated himself at his writing-table, and pulling some manuscript music paper towards him, grasped a pencil and commenced to jot down musical sym bols with the speed of a stenographer. I understood he was reproducing the music we had heard in the Dell, and as I sat and watched his feverish movements I realized that he was writing such melody as the world had never yet heard. A sudden appre hension that he might wake before completing his task seized me, and as the time slipped by nearly drove me frantic. At last the pencil ceased its nervous gyrations, and with a face beaming with the joy of a great accomplishment the sleeper rose stiffly and moved to his beloved piano, the new-born trea sure gripped lightly in his trembling hands. Then he sat down to play it over, and I held my breath in rap turous^expectation. He poised his hands in the old attitude over the key board and paused to glance at the score before him. Something did not please him, and he fluttered the leaves questioningly. Settling once more in his seat he again poised his fingers to strike ; hut again he seemed dissatisfied, and moved uneasily. Was he going to wake ? He half rose from his seat with a start and gazed anxiously at the music and then at the keys A cry that was half a sob escaped him, and he staggered to his feet with his hands to his head. A sudden fear gripped at my heart, and it was intensified a hundredfold when he turned his haggard face in my direction, a mute agonised appeal in his half-glazed eyes. 1 Jack, Jack, old man, what's the matter T I cried. He stretched his hands out in mute despair, and then again clashed his head with a cry that will haunt me to my dying day.' (Oh, God—God, help me ! The chord—the opening chord that is the key to the whole thing ! I have lost it /' And he fell fainting into my arms. —Harold Elwyne. 