Local and General News. We are indebted to Mr. Fitz-Gorald for a large map of the new Federal electorates. Cattle sold well again at the local yards yesterday. A big lot are adver tised for sale next Thursday. The death is announced of Mr. Dixon, the well-known Inspector of ' Collieries, at Newcastle. We loam that arrangements will be made for connecting Owen's Gap with Scone by telephone at the same time ; as Bnnnan. Mn. Barton', oar Federal delegate, returned to Sydney yesterday, and was accorded an enthusiastic reception. He was publicly welcomed bp a great gathering of citizens at the Town Hall last night, the Mayor pro siding. The undermentioned annual lease application was made at the local Lauds Office jesterday : — Thos. Schy trampf, Dartbrook, 45 acres, being measured portion No. 170. ' In the Police Court, this morning', a couple of first offenders were fined for bad language. In the Small Debts Court, Hen wood and Harper obtained a .verdict for £2 13s 2d, with costs, against Jas. Coffey. Defendant did not appear. In an abridged report of the Quirindi Polo Carnival appearing in last issue, and taken from a Quirindi contem poidiy. Mr. Wiseman wis ^iven as the captain of Upper Hunter team, whereas it should have been Mr. Daviea. Auction Sales — Wc would direct attention to several announcements of sales by the .'ocal auctioneers, appear ing in our business columns. Messrs. Corbett and Simpson, in conjunction with others hold an extensive sale of horses at Muswellbrook the first week next niontL — on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday. Scone-Gundy Hoae. — Wc wourd re mind all interested of the important meeting to be held on Monday morn ing-nest, at the School of Arts, in oonceciion with tho SconeGuudy rcad, which it is intended to bring before the Minister 101 Works 011 the occasion ot his visit to Muswellbrook early next mcnth All nbo can pos sibly do so shonld attend. Lieut. Dowling, of the 1st Aus tralian Horse, was at Muswellbrook ou Wednesday, in connection with a troop being formed at the Broik by Mr. E. R- White, of Merton. In the e?eniii);, the gallant soldier was enter tnined at diuner, when Mr. White was in the chair, and'speeches wore delivered by Mr. Fitz-Gerald, Mr. C. E. Doyle, Mr. 13. Higgens, aud others. On Wednesday monrng, Lieut. Dow ling proceeded to Be'ltrees, and in spected tho trrop there iu the after noon, returning to Scone this after noon. This evening, he proceeded to Quirindi. In his remarks at Mus wellbrook, Mr. Fitz Gersld expressed the hope that the 1st A.H. would soon be 1 1 iced on an equal footing with other regiments a8 regards remunera tion Great Ciesar's Ghost! poor u ustol frame, That oucc full v:gor did possess, ( Can't be a man in else but name, His eougli lias 1 roughc him such distress. The nndeituk?r f miles to think NrM venter's (.oli I he'll not endure, Uh ! neer sav die. but tnko a drink Of XV. E. U 00 s' Great Peppermint Cure. It is notified that Mr. A. H. A. Coleman, lately Public School teacher at Belltrees, has retired from the public service Several letters, havo b:en received daring the last few days from troopers at the front. In one of them, mention is made of Lieutenants Ebsworth and Vaughan having their horses wounded during an engagement, the latter's dropping dead just as it bad carried him ont of range of the enemy's fire. We learn that Mr. E. H. Wilson, of the local Post and Telegraph De partment, has been appointed to Bundarra, in the New England Dis trict. Though it means promotion, we are all sorry to lose him, so cour- . teous and obliging has he always been in the discharge of his duties 1 during the several years that he has been in this office. Cheap Excursion Train.— To pro vide facilities for country residents visiting the metropolis the Railway Department announce that a cheap excursion train at specially reduced fares will leave Scone for Sydney and Newcastle at 9.57 a.m. on Tues day, 4th September ; by this train cheap excursion tickets at i|d per mile first class return (minimum 7s 6d) and id per mile second class return (minimum 5s) will also be issued locally to all intermediate sta tions. Full particulars as to fares, date of expiry of tickets, and trains by which passengers can return, may be obtain- d from all station-masters. Official Correspondence. — Mr. Fitz- Gerald, member for the elec torate, has been in communication with the .Vorks Department, enclos ing letter from Mr. W. M'Mullin, of Rouchtl drawing attention to that portion of the road from Aberdeen to M 'Donald's, between 12^ and 14. miles, and has been informed that tenders will shortly be invited for the improvement of the road re ferred to. — In reference to the Court of Petty Sessions at Stewarts Brook, Mr. Fitz-Gerald has been informed by the Department of Justice that the building at that place will pro bably by completed on the 3rd prox. Arrangements will be made for the opening of the Court as early as pos sibl2 after the completion of the building. The 'pom-pom,' or Vickers Maxim shell which the Mayor has afforded us an opportunity ofexam ing, is a murderous-looking engine ot war, and was obtained from Cronje's laager after his surrender, at a good deal of inconvenience, by Mr. B. B. O'Conor, member for Sherbrookc, who brought it home with him and handed to Mr. Fitz Gerald as an interesting trophy. Musical.— In connection with the recent examination in Scone under the Associated Board ol the Royal College of Music and the Royal Academy of Music, we are pleased to note a couple of local successes Iu the elements of music (theory) examination, maximum marks 99. Miss Olive Dodd and Miss Mildred H. Corbett presented themselves and passed, with 83 and 82 marks respectively. Both are pupils of Miss Asser (Ladies' Private School), and the result must be very gratify ing to her. The Railway Hotel. — Weunder- stand that Mr. Hardcastle has ac cepted the tender of Mr. W. Barrett-, of Muswellbrook, lor extensive addi tions to the Railway Hotel. The improvements consist of the addition of another storey to the premises, which will give 22 more rooms, be sides other conveniences and accom modation which will make this well known hostelry 3s up-to-date as is possible. We believe the tender runs into about ^'1400, and the work is to be completed in about four months. Cannot Afford to beWithout It. — The ' Ejcyclopzedia Britannica,' which has be-jn such a stand-by for students of every branch of human knowledge, is at last brought within re^ch of a'i our readers through the offer of the- London Times. It was for a long time impossible for the average man to become possessed of this incomparab'e compendium of information.- To say that it is, in its own sphere, unparalleled in English literature, is to utter the veriest c amnion place. Everyone admits it. Now has come an opportunity for each householder .to possess it. /This monumental storehouse of knowledge may be purchased at half the pub- ! Iisher's price, with the privilege of | paying for it by monthly instalments j of one guinea Parents have' here given them a chance— the chance of a lifetime — to bless their children by enrolling themselves as subscribers. It is not a question as to whether people can afford to get it ; they cannot afford to be without it, and yet hold their own with those who secure it and regularly use it. Parents a-e mostly well aware of the iuTportiince of holding highly dis creet tongues before their litttle ones Soluom, however, does a casual word ou their part lead to such appalling consequences a3 bofell an American family crossing tho Atlantic last month. A lady, returning to . England with her children, was frying to quiet the baby, and said to it in the presence of the others, 'If yon are naughty, we shail havo to put you through the porthole.' She afterwaids bad occa sion to leave the cabin for a few mo ments, aud 011 re-entering, missed the littlo one. 'Where's baby?'' she asked, far from Fuspectingthe terrible reality. 'Oh, miimuia dear,' camo the repiy, 'baby was very naughty again, so we put her through tho port hole.' Tho vessel vas stopped and backed, but of. course without result. JS eeriest) to say, tho event e.reated a profound bin, nation among the passengers. ' 