A MUSICAL EVENT. AN OPERA .IRST PRODUCED IN GOUL. BURN. T'c members of tbo Golburn Liedertafol are to be warmly congratulated on the success which attended them in producing in this city, in conjunotion with members of the Howard Vernon Opera Company, for the first time in the world, the Australian comic opera, " Fayetto," or "Bush Revels," composed by G. B. Allen, Mus. Bao., Oxon., written by J. Irunton Stephens. First as to the opera itself. An explained in a noote-"The time is in the early period of the Australian gold- diggings, when extraordinary inetances of extravagance on the part oft lucky diggers were of every day oobhrrenoe. One of these, Tom Truoman, after having exhausted the delights of Melbourne, has conceived the idea of astonishing his mates at the diggings by hiring and taking back with him a whole variety troupe. He .has bargained with the members of the troupe that at intervals during their journey through the bush they are to give performances for his sole enter tainment." 'the curtain rises on a bcharming bush ncene, the ladies of the variety troupe being attired as fairies. Materials for a repast are near at hand. After a pretty opening chorus by the fairies Tom Trueman is introduced, claiming a dance, which the girls decline to give, and Dame Davies (the elderly lady of the acompany and chaperon of the female portion of it) explains the situation and reproves the recaloitrant fairies in a pretty air. The ladies pleading siochness, get rid of Tom, but immediately his bock is turned indulge in a charming little danee. Hero Dr. Jack, a broken down bnsh doctor, makes his appearance and sings a capital solo explaining who he is and what is the matter with him. The ladies take up the refrain, and Dr. Jack, suddenly diecovering them, thinks he has " got 'em again," but a nearer approach convinces him that the lovely creatures he sees are real flesh and blood, and not the vision evolved from exhauetion and the stoppage of liquor. Tom arrives and recognizing iu Dr. Jack an old friend hires him on the spot as medical man to the company. Tom hero has a taking solo in praise of champagne. Some good comedy follows on the introduction of Dr. Jack to the ladies, Fan (third lady of the troupe) taking a prominent part. Here Lil (lead inglady of the variety troupe) and Tess (second leading lady and the doctor's deserted wife) are brought on, the former singing a charming aria and a purely Auhtralian song turning on the number of " Ong" terminations in native nomen clature. Soon follows another Australian "bit" " In the bracken the brigalow spreads his lair, and the stealthy corroboree crouchesthere," and so forth. A most amusingduet between Tessy and the Doctor, who in their married life were unable to agree, proves one of the catbchiest things in the opera. Next Joo Stanmoro, commonly known as Unlocky Joe-late University man, notorious in the firsta act for his ill lek at the diggings-makes his' appearance, and after a tragic soliloquy pre pares to give up the ghost, first indulging In song. Prodecing a hand mirror to take a lost look at himself he sees a reflection of Lil, and he too thinks he sees visions. Catching sight of Lil, however, he kisses her, and tome bright musio, turning on the kissing act and the punishebment that is to be awarded the offender, follows, Joe being under the impression that he is being tried by fairies. Lil as a fairy is wedded to Joe, but the latter fis'obliged to take a vow that he will never again while life doth hold speak to woman of mor. tal mould An amusing bridal Ecete succeeds with an ear-hanntiog chorus, and as the not ends Joe drops off to sleep. The scene of the second act is the Lazarus claim, Tom figuring as a miner and Dr. Jack as cook. Miners supply the chorus. Mere we have a solo with a chorus-" Wire in at the eress-out, boys." Joe is still in a dream state, and Dr. Jack endeavoura unnsuccessfully to rouse him. Joe has here an excellent solo, " Why doth thd dawning speak of her " Some amusing busi ness between Fan and the'diggers leads to the in. troduction of Lil, the part being enriched with an exquisite solo-- Vainly still I wander " Joe is introduced to Lil (Fayette), but is held back by the memory of his vow. Dr. Jack now becomes the central figure, and is called on to cure a case of soake-bite, which introduces a rattling chorus, " Walk him up an' down." Dame )Davies here epreads her net for Tom, beiug in quest of a hus. bhod, and in a most amusing solo describes how she got along with the late lamented IMr. Davies. Dr. Jack teii rushes on, shouting that he has discovered a way t, cure Joe of hIis halluciuation. Thebo ladies are to repeat the bridal seene, and Jee will know'that 'ayette and Lil are one. The ar rival of a southerly bnster produces an animated scene, and the passing away of the storm allows of pretty brhbestral and sooenic effects. In the third not the scene is a bar-room, with a stage, the variety troupe having been performing to the diggersi. In this scene Tom has a fine solc - " Two 8potted Bower-birds. " Dr. Jack's plan proves sucoesful, Unlucky Joe -unlucky no longer - grasps the situa tion and his bride, a big nugget is found. Dr. Jack is restored to his wife, and everything ends happily. The above sketch will enable readers to judge that the plot is by no means a bad one for a comie opera and that the whole setting is purely colonial. Having heard and seen the opera, one wonders why it has not been long before introduced to the public. It seems to be another case of "a prophet is not without honour," &o.; The music is excellent. The sentimental solos are of the best type, the comic numbers are catchy, and the choruses are of the most taking character. The libretto is very clever Sthe dialogue being witty and the words of the songs well-choson. Wehiave no hesitation in saying that, properly mounted, the opera would commend itself to any English-speaking community. Any good manager who struckLondon with it just now, when anythiug Australian is at par, would find "Fayette" a little gold mine, especially if an aboriginals' chorus and one or two additions were made. The first performance was given here in the Oddfellows' Mall on Queen's Birthnight, and although the weather was most inclement there was a bumper house. From start to finish the piece went swimmingly, the one or two little hitches which occurred being very pardonable for a first night. Of course there wore occasions when a little more aifsimation would have been most acceptable, but some allowance must be made for amateurs suddenly called upon to assume roles in some cases moast ungenial. The mounting was very satisfao. tory and the costumes quite bewitching. Too much praise cannot be given the chorus of ladies for the whole-hearted way in which they threw themselves into their business. The success of the production was largely due to their efforts. They were ably assisted by the diggers, and the mining scoane was a very picturesque one. The members of the orchestra acquitted themselves like professionals, the over tures and the atcompaniments leaving but little to be desired. Miss Julie Davies, who had been specially en gaged for the occasion, was Lil. Miss Davies did not realize the high antieipations that had beoon formed of her, but allowance must be made for the self-evident fact that she has had but little stage experience. She has a well-trained voice, and was encored for the solo, " Vainly stillI Wander." As Teasy Miss Alice Howard Vernon acted well and sang her muesic prettily. Miss Gwen Barratt (a local amateur) scored one of the successes of the evening as Fan. Though this was her first appearance she was entirely at home on the stage, acting with charming grace and spirit, delivering her lines splendidly, and singing well. Miss Barreatt more than held her own in a com parison with the professional ladies. Miss Nellio ry assumed the charactor of Dame Davies. This is one of the principal female parts, and considering that Miss Fry stopped into the breach at a very thort notice it must be admitted that she did well. She was most painstaking, and did the best she possibly could with a part whiob would have been a strain on the resourooes of an experienced operatic artiste. Mrs. D. Hamilton as Loo did the little she had todo in excellent style. The ladiba otnstitu ing the chorus were besides those mentioned: Mrs. Pilley, Misses E. Beegling, H. Burgess, F. Carless, W. Donohes, J. Dunocan, B. Edmundson, J. Higgins, M. Hunt, E. Matthewa, G. Matthews, D. Mitohell, J. Morgan, I. Oliver, D. Rawlings, G. Tinson, D. Tisdale, F. Whitehead, M. Williams, A. Viles. and others. As might he expected, Mr. Howard Vernon had a right conception of the part of Tom Trueman. His acting was manly, and his singing bad its old charm. He was deservedly encored for both his saolos. Mr. Victor Prince as Dr Jack soon became on the best of terms with his audience. His acting was of a very vigorous type, aud his presence on thestage invariably imparted animation. He made the most of the comedy of his finue part, and sang excellently. Altogether Mr. Price has every reason to be proud of his performance. Mr. Harry Atkinson, a local amateur, was entrusted with the responsible and difficult part of Joe 8taumoro. Mr. Atkinson acnoted very effectively, especially in the dramatic scenes, but while his fine tenor was most pleasing on toeasions, he was not as successful with his music as could have been desired. "Why doth the Dawning Speak of Her?" is a first-olass tenor solo, but Mr. Attisons was not at horno in it. As the two leading diggers Messru. R. Lemon and F. Parsons were excellent, and it is a pity they had not more to do. The other gentlemen of the chorus were--Moesrs. J. P. Astbury, H. Beogling, W. Bladwell, H. Cooke, W. A. Davideon, H. Ford, 8. R. Grainger, T. Hall, H. Harris, 8. Higgins, L. Holdorf, L. Hunt, H. Huxtable, E. Ingleton, H. Lake, W A. McDonald, M. McCarthy, W. Mc Kenzie, R. Pagen, J. Phelan, A. R. Puddicomhe, E. Sheekey, H. 3, Tisdale, H. Walker, G. R. Webb, F. Wedd, W. Wilson, A. J. Womboy. As musical conductor Mr. Percy F. Hollis acquitted himself with his tnoili ability, aud he may be deservedly oongratulalted on the sueccess of the performanuc. Mr. W. F Jones led the orchestra elleiently, and Mr. W Thorman was a most napablo pianist. Mr. Richbard Vernon was stage managtre Mr. Harry Atkinson asistant stage manager, and Mr. A. Judd meeohaniet. Meossra. G. Webb (eec) and L. Hunt (treas.) had worked well as bousinese m nngera to eneure a successfulresalt. The perft,,manoo opened and closed with the National Anthem. 