Our Tnesday's Tale. BILLY CAIRNS: DIPLOMATIST. Chapter I. " Don't let me catch you hanging about here again, or—or I'll set the dog on to you !" Tilly Bufton's father stood upon the steps that led to the French windows of the drawing-room, and shook his fist at Tilly's sweetheart, who, looking as dignified as was possible under the circumstances, sat on the bottle-glass that crowned the wall of the Bufton's garden. Behind the curtains of the drawing room was poor Tilly, biting her hand kerchief into ribbons in an agony of apprehension, lest her papa and her Bobby should come to blows. " I tell you, once and for all," con tinued Mr. Bufton, waving his hand magnificently, 44 if you persist in your attentions, I shall send her to France —to a boarding-school I" " I was twenty last birthday, papa, ana I'm too old to go to a boarding school," wailed Tilly indignantly from the drawing-room. " And—and if you send t,iy Billy away like that I'll—I'll o^aii 1" * um I say, Mr. Bufton," said Billy Sirns from the wall, "steady on there; That's hardly the way to speak to a lady, you know." " I did not use bad language!" voci ferated the old man. " The word 4 rot,' although it cannot be exactly described as swearing, is not good language," replied Billy. 44 Therefore it must be bad language, and, as such, unfit to use in the pre sence of a lady. That's logic," he added ; but of course, you don't under stand logic, or you would not have al lowed your stupid quarrel with my father to interfere with Tilly's happi ness—and mine." 44 Look here !" shouted Mr. Bufton, almost beside himself with passion. 44 Get off that wall before I come and throw you off 1" 441 shouldn't advise you to try that on, my dear sir," replied Billy, swinging his legs over^to his own territory. 441 may warn you that if you lay a finger on me your action would be regarded by the law as a technical assault. I understand that, as chairman of our local board of guardians, you are an ex-officio jus tice of the peace. Therefore it is your first duty to keep the peace." I'll keep the peace with a thick stick on your back, you impudent young bound !" cried Mr. Bufton, and the French windows closed with a vigorous slam. A damp handkerchief was waved from one of the upper windows. Jimmy raised his cap with stately Courtesy, and descended the ladder-into his own domain. 44 I wonder what the old bov meant by saying that he would set his dog on I to me 1'^mused Billy^^I always under (I't"stand dogK in 11-pups like Julius As he thus spoke his thoughts aloud, there came a rustling in the laurel bushes that bordered the Cairn's gar den, which was followed by a heavy panting and the appearance of a mas sive bead from amongst the leaves. According to dog-fanciers, the head that made its appearance through the wreathing laurel-leaves was as perfect in its own particular beauty as could be desired—that is to say, it was a few degrees more ugly*-»than original sin. Julius Ciesar was a bulldog above price. Compared to an average dog, he was as a battleship 19 to an excursion steamer. Yet his warlike appearance belied Julius Csesar's true character, and Billy Cairns spoke the truth when he declared that, ever since his eyes had opened, Julius had never been guilty of biting anybody or anything save his dinner. 44 Hallo, Julius!" said Billy, as Julius emerged cautiously from the shelter of the laurel. He seated himself on a garden seat as he spoke, and Julius, without com ment, lumbered up beside him, sat down, and panted sympathetically. Julius required no words to tell him that his master was full of trouble. Billy was quite aware of this, and, according to his custom, commenced to confide his troubles to his canine friend. 44 Don't .you ever go in for politics Julius," continued Billy. 44 Men make themselyes*^bigger fools over politics than over anything else in the world 1" Julius winked a crooked tail. Tiffy and I are to be made t^-.ppy because our respective pa rents are a couple of old idiots who've managed to rake up a row because one of 'em is a Radical idiot and the other a Conservative lunatic!" 44 Gur-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r 3" growled Ju lius. 44 It's all very well for you to growl, you blundering idiot!" continued Billy reproachfully ; 44 but you know very well that it was you who settled the business by getting through the fence and rolling your great carcase right amongst old 44 Buffy's" pet calceola rias !" Julius whined repentantly. Billy was about to continue his re proaches, when Julius, lifting his bluff muzzle, gave a low growl. Then he ran to the wall that divi ded the Caivn's from the Bufton's gar den, and, standing on his hindiegs, growled again. Chapter II. To Billy's practised ear it was a growl of recognition. The ladder by which he had as cended to speak to Tilly was still stand ing against the wall, from the other side of which came a heavy puffing and blowing. Billy proceeded cautiously over the wall. There, standing on the gravel walk, stood a bulldog of abnormal ugliness and ferocity of aspect, who might have been the ghost of Julius Csesar. " Now, young fellow," shouted a triumphant voice from the bathroom window of the Bufton residence, " that dog is going to remain loose in my garden ! He has been chained up ever since he was born ; so you know what to expect if you come trespass ing in my garden 3" Mr. Bufton waved bis hand ironi cally towards the ferocious-looking beast, who was gazing up hungrily at Billy. " I have told my daughter," con tinued Mr. Bufton, " that I do not hold myself responsible for her safety if she comes out into the garden." Then he closed the window. Billy sat like a stoic on the wall, struggling with a great desire to laugh aloud, f'-r Tiilcv; at- an upper window, making frantic gesture;-- of de in caggsgs&r.;" Burton migat TSe watching hun, he climbed clown the ladder "behind the shelter of the wall, anck danced a solemn war-dance of delight; while Julius Cjesar sat by panting loudly, and thumping an ac companiment on the earth with his tail. "Julius, 3Tou old duffer," said Billy at length, " do you know who's on the other side of the wall, ready to bite your poor master?" Julius laughed—as nearly as a dog can—then he whined. His whine was answered by an affectionate snuffl ing from the other side of the barrier. Julius wagged his tail violently. " Yes, Julius," said Billy gleefully, " it's your own dear twin brother, Cornelius Agrippa! And that old fool next door has brought him from the vet, to keep me off the grass— me, who have known and loved him ever since he was a blind pup !" Billy lifted the ladder and carried it quietly along the wall, till it was sheltered from the back windows of the Bufton's house by a thick clump of lilacs. Julius trotted after him, wagging his tail. * " It's getting dusk now, Julius," remarked Billy. " Wouf !" assented Julius. " And we've arranged to meet Till}7 in her back garden after dinner to give her that beautiful engagement ring." If ever a dog exclaimed "What ho !" it. was Julius at. that moment. Billy ran the ladder and called ; cautiously " GTlp, 'Q-rip''!£ There was a rustiing in. the brushesthe other side of the .. " Halle, Grip --said Billy affably, us Mr Button's new purchase made his o:-rearsnee below. Cornelius Agrippa wagged his tail affectionately. "I want you, Agrippa," gurgled Billy, in a voice that might have charmed a statue from its pedestal. " You are coming to stay with me for a little while, and brother Julius is going to stay with your master—to look after Tilly. D'ye see ?" Billy, crooking his leg deftly on the top of the wall,.seized Agrippa by his collar and hoisted him up as Julius came panting up the steps. Whilst the two brothers muzzled one another affectionately, Billy changed their collars. " Now, Julius, my boy, you're going to stay next door for a bit," said Billy, as he dropped the protesting Julius on the Bufton side of the wall. Then, lifting Agrippa, he carried him down the steps into his own gardeu. An hour or so later, when Mr. Buf ton issued stealthily from the drawing room he saw his old friend Cairns smoking alone on the verandah of the next garden, and he remembered how, in the years gone by, before they had broken their friendship in a stupid parochial quarrel, they had been wont to smoke their cigars together on the fine autumn evenings, whilst his Tilly and Cairns's Billy had made mud-pies or daisy-chains in the garden below. Mr. Bufton's sentiments, however, disappeared in a flash as a sound of subdued conversation fell on his ears. Taking advantage -><}£ ...cover in a manner that would have done xredit to a Bushman, be crept stealtjpfly for ward. There, on his pet garden-seat, was Tilly, witTTher head on BillyVbroad shoulder, and his newly-purchased bulldog, regardless of his duty, seated next to Tilly, thumping a loud ap proval of the proceedings with his tail. Tilly was holding up a slender hand in the moonlight, and there was a glitter of jewels. " You are a dear, extravagant boy 3" she was saying. " But, really, you ought not to have bought me such " Just at this moment there came an interruption. Mr. Bufton could never afterwards quite recall what happened. All he could remember was a growl and a scuffle in the next garden that brought Tilly and Billy to their feet. Then his new bulldog had flown at him, and he had found himself seated in his pet pear- tree, shaking down showers of iiis most precious " Williams." " By George !" exclaimed Billy, peer ing over the wall, " Agrippa's chased my governor up our apple-tree 3" " Billy 3" screamed Tilly, " come quickly and call J ulius away .' Papa's in'.the pear-tree!" Then Tilly began to cry. Billy laughed till his undutiful tears ran down his face. Cornelius Agrippa grdwled fiercely under the apple-tree in 'the garden of Billy's house, where Billy's father, hanging like a sloth, was talking sometl politics. J alius Cri baleful eye into the garden, where Mr. pear ripe to falling' " Oh, Billy save " I will!" saic 'em both if they'll^ their quarrel and our marriage !" . " There's the man about that b<j said Mr. Bufton, be sat smoking wi| enemy. He nodded to round Tilly's round the Buftonj " Alfred," said, solemnity, " althj not every boy rents up a tree, si ence, and arrange thing less than fd 