LADY ¥EL¥ET. CHAPTER IV. A PANORAMA OF THE PAST. ' Lady Velvet!' If Matt Sbearson, detective, Lad been an ordinary indiuidual ho would have betrayed overpowering emotion, e ' Lady Velvet !' he repeated, incredulously, like a person rallying from a shook. ' ' Just so. Do I raise a ghost ?' ' A i-lnad woman !' 'On the contrary, very much alive !' de clared the convict, positivoly. ' The official records say not.' ' That picture says so, doesn't it P' bluntly questioned the convict. ' It is Lady Velvet's face.' ' It was drawn only two weeks since.' ' From memory ?' 'Prom life.' 'You saw her?' , ' With my own eyes.' ' And yon know her ?' ' Do I know her !' ? The convict's brawny fist doubled, his eyes sparkled. ' Enough of that !' he muttered, hoarsely, controlling himself. ' That's got nothing to do with what I am here' for. Do' you know her?' The detective was grimly silent. Por a full minnte, as their glances met, ?those two men, so decidedly opposite in char acter, but linked together now by a strong mutual attraction, sat looking at each other as though reading a vivid panorama of the past. To the convict it seemed to bring memories of hatred, treachery, revenge — and a faint surface glow of fear, as though he was con sidering a tiger or a python. To the detective, mentally there flashed a brilliant vision of a glorious, dazzling creature, set against the ciiminal background of five years since. ' That's all,' said the convict, tersely. ' I came to tell you. She's living. You didn't know it. You know it now.' ' I must bo sure'of that.' ' This is my message. Have a care of yourself!' 'A threat?' A warning.' ' I am in peril ?' 1 ' Yes, you are.' '?Prom Lady Velvet?' ? 'Prom Lady Velvet.' ' How do you ktaow ?' ' Ah ! You want me to tell that ?' ' Yes ; suppose you explain.' ' Suppose I do. I'm paying a debt.' 'To whom?' ' Mr. Matt Shearson.' 'Myself? You are mysterious.' ' A big debt.' ' With this ?' intimated Matt, pointing to the card up his sleeve. ' With that.' ' Your gratitude is puzzling !' ?' Cast back your memory. When I was sent up you did your duty.' ' Youcandidly aeknowledgethat, Sharkey?' ' It's the truth. Yon did something better. You are a fair man. On the witness stand you spoke of my saving a policeman from the bullet of a pnl as a mitigating circumstance.' ' I do remember something of that sort,' nodded Matt. ' That was my capital — it got me my par don.' ' Got you your pardon ?' . 'It made the prison chaplain believe I wasn't utterly bad* They gave me, the first year, light work. In fact I traded on your recommendation.' 'Well?' V 'Second year, I became * hospital nurse. t The chaplain recommended me for the posi tion. -That gave me the opportunity of my How ?' ' Had the. freedom of tho yard and saved the warder's two children from a falling derrick at the risk of my life.' ' That brought the pardon ?' -v ' That brought it. I made two vows when it was hanging fire — if it came. One was to drop the profession ; the other was to do you a good turn for the roundabout one you did 1 /me.'' -. ' I / Matt Sliearson had never before seen bread ! cast on the waters return in exactly this way ; ! he quite believed in the man. | ? ' Perhaps a little personal interest influenced me somewhat,' added tho convict, with a ' 'gleam of his shrewd eye. 'That's neither here nor there, though. I've nothing to say about Lady Velvot except that I once knew her,' ' 'Yes.' 'It was not a pleasureable experience to 1 , know that beautiful fiend in the days when she first made herself conspicuous.' The detective nodded expressively. * ' She swept all boforo her.' ' ' ' At tho cost of pals, principle, and police defeat,' added the detcetive. You scared her away from cornering twenty thousand dollars instead of ton. You ; would probably havo got the ten back if she had not opportunely ' died in London.' ' ' Her death was well authenticated.' ' She arranged that, of courso. Well, two things : Lady Velvet is alive— I bave seen her.' ' And the other thing ?' ' She is after you.' After' is a word of doubtful signification, Sharkey. You mean she is back horn 'in ' rln' I mo?' . , , _ 'I don't know. She strikes for you first, in some way ; that I do know. Yon now have » the warning — figure out the rest for yourself.' ^ ' Men in my lino of business must expect , risks,' said Matt lightly. , 'Now, then, Shar key, where did yon see this woman ?' At Sing Sing.' ' A prisoner ?' ' A visitor.' ' When?' ' Two weeks ago. She flashed past my cell. The sudden vision almost blinded me !' ' You were sure of her ?' I ' Sure ! I heard her speak. The sound of that well-remembered -voice made me tremble.' ?' You were afraid ?' 'Yes, I was afraid.' ' Of what ?' ' I don't know. I thought of the past and a chill struck me ! I-had a side view of her face for a full minnte, as she turned, talking to a turnkey. The eld witching smile was there that used to fascinate— the oldvelvety softness, smooth as silk ! Olcfji' ? Perhaps, a trifle. The picture tells — I drew it the next hour.' The convict was in a rhapsody. It changed to a sudden fury. He threw down his cards and recklessly arose to his feet. ' I was enraged when I thought of how she had bought and sold me.' ' She came to see some one ?' ' Of course.' 'Who?' ' I don't know. But it is likely Bhe was on meshing an old pal whom she had doomed as a new victim-: — of course for her own, gain.' ' That is all you know ?' 'Not quite. I superintended the sweeping of the corridor as well as nursed. Two days later I found something in the . corridor — a rolled wad of paper.' Matt Shearson pricked up his earB, looking expectant. 'There it is.' The convict passed to the detective a minute white roll. The detective opened it. ' My address,' he said. ' ' In Lady Velvet's handwriting.' ' You are sure of that, also ?' ' I am dead sure of it — look, in pencil in the corner.' ' Yes,' said the detective, scanning, ' I road- ? ' 'What?' . ' April fifteenth.' ' ' That in to-morrow.' ' To-morrow,' said the detective, thought fully. _ ' And that is all.' ! 'You didn't see her aersin ?' 'No.' ' You didn't trace this slip ' To the man, probably a convict, that she had given it to ? I did not. I could not.' ' But you thought out what it meant ?' A fool couldn't miss guessing, knowing what you and I know ; that a gamo was in progress, headed for yon, or against you, and she'was working up her corps of helpers.' '.With April fifteenth as a set date.' ' To-morrow.' ' And you came to me ?' ' Yes.' ? ~ 'Thanks!' ' Oh! one thing more.' 'What is it?' - : 'A man who has been . up to. Sing Sing twice in the past week, a relation to some one else, tackled me.' 'How?' ? ' Talked to me aboufcmypardon — pretended to bo philanthropically interested, asked me my plans for the' future. Of course I was uncommunicative. He was there this morning again. When lie heard that I was expecting the pardon to-day he left quick. ' Was this tho man ?'_asked Matt, and he described tho baronet's visitor. 'That's the man.!'- The detective had completely connected the chain — oven tho cinders on the messenger's bat, tho dust of tho prison marble yard on his feet, wero explained now. Ho observed the convict moving away from him. ' Hol,d on !' ha said. ' I m through ? i£ I talked twenty-four hours I couldn fc toll any more. I'vo dono as X contemplated. That's off my mind.' ' Yon will forget that you saw me ?' | I' Just as I forgive !' grinned tbe convict. You say you aro going to strike out in some now placo ?' ? That.s it ; and I've earned enough to pay my fare there, too J' added Sharkey, as ho saw tho detective's hand go to his pocket. I n ' y°u may ne°d a stake as a starter there ?' . ' These aro my capital,' remarked tho con putting up a sturdy pair of arms. I ho man was indeed through with tho1 doteotive. ' The latter could do nothing better than let sto'1 ^°' k'B honour believing in his 'You aro going to leave the country?' asked Matt. . ; . ? 'lam.' ? ' And may retnrn ?'. * % The convict fixed a set look upon his com panion. j ' Perhnps.' j ' When ?' ' The day that sees Lady Velvet behind the bars !' Not until tho convict had passed from view and Matt Shoarson himself bad loft the place did the latter fully realize the importanco of tho intelligence he had brought. Tho detective repaired at once to tho new homo he had elected to temporarily occupy. An analysis of tho acquired facts of the case was necessary before ho decided on his next move. Ho reached the actor's rooms, lit a gas jet and comfortably seated himself. First and foremost he wished to be at leisure to inspect the picturo that had come to him in so peculiar a manner. It recalled vivid memories, The detective scanned with retrospective eyes one of the re markablo pages in the volume of New York's criminal history. 'Lady Velvet' had fluttered down into tho gay life of the metropolis fivo years previous aud produced a new sensation. She was a flashing moth on the rim of ex citement theatrical, artistic and social. She was an ignis fatuus that flamed amid high club doings in the Tenderloin districts, with a dazzled, devoted train in her wake. Her face was augelic, her smile a dream of paradise, her eyes dazzlingly, beautiful, her complexion radiant with a silken sheen, hor touch — velvet ! Her galaxy of admirers called her divine. Tho veteran detective voted her ' smooth,' when accident set him on her trail. Dainty Lady -V elvet, shrieking aud shiver ing with horror at tho curb, as twenty thou sand dollars in gems and money were being whirled away, aroused the earnest sympathy of her loyal escort, plundered though he was ; but she did not deceive the detective. . The officer read, under the dainty pink and white of that immaculate face, a nature black as bate, and began to work , out the mystery of several recent ingenious robberies. He ran down on the ove of a stupendous scheme, where she had coaxed a tipsy infatua ted banker into showing her the inside of his safety vaults. She evaded the detective with a cool ten thousand dollars, and was coming back for the second ten over the senseless form of the drugged Croesus, when a timely discovery of Matt Shearson's presence gave her the cae of warning. Prom aVivnnr?. n rrmnfli Info-. the man who had exposed and nearly appre hended her, a single line : ' Some day !' A month later English sleuths who wero tracking the elusive fugitive,' reported that the woman had been found dead in a Sussex railroad wreck. ' - This was the network of the past amid which the detective now groped. Upon the stage of tho present there had un expectedly stalked forth a defiant, or at least a dangerous, character who had long sinco i disappeared from the public gaze. In the light of all that the day and night had developed, Matt Shearson discovered that he was about to measure lances with a formid able enemy. A plot had been devised to lure him. from New York city ; his absence was desirable for | some unKaown but evidently important reason. That reason could probably be explained by clever Lady Velvet. To put him out of existence might have been easy, but that would have raised an out cry, which in some way might defeat the secret workings of the plot now in operation, whatever it was. To start the mechanism of a deft plan, the detective must be lured abroad ' on business.' Ostensibly he had gone. Who else bat Lady Velvet had connived at his departure ? What would be Lady Velvet's first move ? This was the question upon which tho detective had concentrated his mind. _ New York was about to be treated to a lively Bensation, in some shape, for Lady Velvet was probably awaiting the opportunity to make the play of her .life, and she angled only for big game. ' ' ° _ The detective took a parting glance at the picture in his hand ere he decided to pass what was left of the night in much needed ' repose. He passed the actor's easel as he did this unintentionally brushing it with his arm, and thus disturbing the drapery covering it. . This fell to the floor, and, stooping to pick it up, the detective's glance chanced to cross the lines and tints the canvas bore. To his intense excitement an old acquaint ance faced him. Lady Velvet again ! Was the world full of artists, living in prison cell and actor's studio alike ! — for the face the convict had produced in careful penoil lines, had stood out exquisitely natural from Buxton's easel. The machinery of thought in tho detective's strong brain seemed to start up with reani mated activity. As he was mentally grappling with this new problem} trying to dovetail its various parts, there was an interruption. Tap! tap! A muffled yet somewhat impera tive summons sounded. . So™6 one was at the door— and the detect lvehad not heard the ascent on the stairs ' He opened it. A veiled, graceful figure confronted him» Up went the veil. After fivo years ! . ? Lady Velvet hersolf ! (To be continued.) 