A WEIRD TALE OF MAGIC.! ? I The Btetmship w*a moving slowly along | the Gold Ootet. The passengers were lying about in deok chain* and were gazing laxity ; out from under the shade of double awning* 1 aorott tbe glittering water nl the long coast I line, whioh unrolled itself like a panorama before tbem. Iiong lines of yellow beach, where the Atlantic rollers broke in Bhects of snowy foam, low bluffs crowned with great cotton* wood trees, cluster* of native hute lying be neath the shade of feathery palms, roaring surf -covered bar and river mouth, all came into sight, and disappeared as the steamer rolled along, until, lying some distance be hind the coast among what appeared to be miles of mangrove swamp, a lonely flat topped mountain rose in view. The summit could be plainly seen against the blue tropic sky, but the upper slopes were covered with wreathe of mist, which was strange, as the reet of the landscape lay sharp and clear in the sunlight. ' That must be the GhoRt Mountain, our black passengers tell us the strange tales about. By the way, you promised to tell us about the time you went to the top, Com missioner,' Baid tbe Doctor, turning to Dis trict Commissioner Oddy, who lay back in a cane chair. The latter was a slightly made, spare man, who was returning home invalided, haggard and yellow in face from the climate and j fever, but still showing by the flash of his : eye and the firm mouth traces of energy and I decision. He turned to the doctor and 1 answered: ; ' Yes, I lived— and several tiroes nearly , died— in Bight of it for three years, but al- ; though I once tried I did not get to the top, and never wish to try again. The natives say no one but a J u Ju man ever reached the summit and lived.' i Here the passengers drew in their chairs to listen, and the Commissioner continued: 'It waB some twenty years ago that Jevons, a trading agent, and myself sat out on the | verandah f my house, smoking an after- ] dinner cigar. It had been a trying day, as , hot as fire, and at night it was if possible worse; the inside of the room resembled an i oven. Outside, however, a faint breeze j stirred, bringing with it the usual smell of | burning wood, orange flowers and lilies, mixed with the foul odours of mud and j ? -Li. ? i. i-u ? 1 Bwamp, ana tuvuuugu tuwo uuuoiuwauiv j risk of fever, it waB just possible to breathe there, which you couldn't do inside. ' After we had smoked a while in silence Jevons stretched out his hand, and pointed across the miles of dense forest and man grove swamps that lay beneath the bright moonlight, opening out here and there to - show the glistening surface of a broad river | reach, or the foul blaok mud of a tidal ' lagoon, to where the Ghost Mountain stood out clearly against the sky, with a silver cloud of mist wrapping its lower slopes. i ' When shall we climb that wonderful j mountain, Oddy?' | 41 4 Oh, whenever you wish; to-morrow, if you like,' I answered. We were both young, ' and with my head full of varied information j in the departmental books, I thought I knew everything about Africa and its natives. ' I have changed my mind since, and am just beginning to learn a little now — while Jevons, a burly, red-faced Englishman, was firmly convinced tbat there was nothing worth knowing except how to make 25 per front, tirnfit. fnr hit* firm hv nhftAtinff the natives. ' We both of us' laughed at the super Btitioua concerning the mountain, so, hav ing decided to go, I called for my shanty boy, blow my whistle for Sergeant Amun and KohSoo,' for there were ten ' Haussas ' attached to the station. ' A few moments later the two * HausBas ' who are, as you know, Mohammedan black troops, entered. Bine, tall men they were, from the far interior, with features much finer than those of the coast tribes, dressed in brown Karki uniform and red fez. 'While they stood at attention, I told the boy to have two hammocks and eight bearers ready by sunrise on the morrow. ' At this he urged us to abandon the idea, saying that for 400 years no one but a Ju Ju prieBt had ever reached the summit without dying or losing his reason shortly afterwards. However, we both laughed at any ' super stitious idea,' and turning to the black ser geant, I said: ' ' Are you afraid to go, Amun ?' ' ' Mountain be great Ju Ju, sah ; no good to meddle with the fetish of the heather; but where Commissionah go, Amun and Koa soo go to, even though the mountain be full of devils;' was the faithful fellow's anBwer. That is the nature of the Mohammedan. Treat him fairly and feed him well, and he would follow you through Hadea. ' We started at daybreak the next morn ing, travelling as far as we could in our ham mocks, with plenty of black carriers, until the buBli became so thick that we bad to go on foot. ' I remember the morning well, the bright sunshine and brillant flowers where the forest was thinner, and the solemn dimness and wreaths of mist that lay around the trunks where the great branches met above ua, every tree festooned with hanging creep ers. We did not know then that this mist might mean quick death, and that the smell of an African forest, half aromatic and half repulsive, was generally full of fever.) ' On we went, winding in and out among the trees, now crossing a clear Bpace, and again cutting our way with matchets through thorny bushes, until, when night came, we camped beside a little creek, and I lay awake . until dawn, listening to the rustling oflfaves and the voices of the forest, and watching the fireflies flashing in the grass. ' [n the morning we made an early start, and, after a hard day's march, climbing and stumbling among mangrove roots, several timeB nearly losing our lives in tbe pools of fatbomleBB mud that abound in these parts, we camped at sunset under tho mountain it self. Dividing us from it ran a broad, shal low stream, rippling pleasantly over a sandy bed, only to lose itBelf lower down among the rottenness and elime of a mangrove swamp. Tbe moon shone brightly on tbe water, and in the bush around us not a leaf stirred, but the mountain in front lay wraptied in a dark cloud of mist, out of which we conld hear the rustling of trees and the moaning of a night breeze. Our bearers, in spite of the liberal pay promised them, showed signs of making off, declaring that none of us would return alive, and it was only by threats that we conld induce them to remain. ' When dawn came we forded the stream, and just as we stepped out of the water came upon two tall wands of scented wood, driven into the sand, each carrying a white cloth dippBdio blood. This was one of the Ju Ju marks, and where it is set up with the proper ceremonial yon- might lay all you possessed there, , and no native would dare to touch it. . ' As we passed Jevons, out of wantonness, and with some silly remark about ' pulling up nigger superstitions,' snapped one of the . stakes acroBB his knee, and set the pieces floating down the stream. I at once turned upoii him angrily. ' ' What did you do that for t You fool, lonk al lb* caniw, you'll see thrj- will nil boll now. ttorw frighti'iiml Ihnn rvcr.' ' ' Lot of nil) v iiicgiTK ! Let them bolt,and we'll go on nlonr, oil, Kopnoo V he said, turn- ing to Ihc Houssa. '' ' Whi-thcr they be ptirks or ptones, I know not, Raid the 1 til t er, in his own tongue, u little of which I knew, ? but it is not good to insult the god& of the heathen,' and by this time 1 know he was rijrht. I wa« a little un comfortable, for I noticed the carriers mut tering one to another, and looking at my companion in a threatening manner, but we induced them to go un by drawing our re volvers, and the climb continued. ' While the sun shone over the forest be low ub, the mountain Bides were covered with white mist, which soaked our clothes and seemed to go through to the bone, and, while we could feel no air in our faces, we could hear the trees overhead swaying and rustling in the breeze. The lower slopes were oozing with water and mud, so that our upward march was difficult and dismal, especially as we had to cut our way 'through thorny bushes and masses of trailing plants most oi ii if ume. up we went, struggling, tnrougn swamp and brake, until toward afternoon I noticed my companion got Btrangely quiet, and bad a flushed, swollen look about his face, which 1 did not like. When we stopped a few minutes for breath, I said : ' ' What's the matter, Jevons ? ? Are you ill ?' Vint. T nnlv ernfr a ciirlr * Vfi ! erct nn * an answer, and we continued our way, and i by 6 o'clock were some half way up the mountain. ''Here we found a little dear space, strewn with a few large flat rocks, and as the bearers had brought some dry wood from tbe forest below we made a fire and prepared to camp. Once or twice I noticed JevonB stag ger aa he moved about arranging tbe simple meal, and at last I made bim sit down and leave it alone. While this was going on, what little light there was faded away, and an intense darknesB closed around us. My friend ate nothing, but drank some of the spirits and quinine I gave him, and then said: ' ' I don't know what's the matter with me ; my head's on fire, and I can't hold my self up. Some one must have poisoned me — or something. I'll go to Bleep.' ' Wrapping him in his waterproof sheet, I placed some baggage under his head, and sat down beside him. ' - Amun and Kossoo,' I said, ' I'll watch half the nighU-you sleep.' Then I threw more wood on the fire, and b'egan my lonely vigil. ' Overhead the trees swayed and rustled and a chill wind drove in my face, while fan. tastic wreaths of mists drifted across the -fire- light. The red glow fell on my companion's face, and I saw how flushed and distorted it was, while he moved uneasily in his sleep, and murmured from time to time. Drifting out of the darkness came the moan ing of the wind, and the myriad voices of the forest, and I listened until at last my eyea closed, and I fell asleep. ' After dozing uneasily a little I heard a weak voice calling me, and, rising to my feet, saw Jevons trying to raise himself. Hastily running across to him, I raised hie head, and he gasped out: '? - I don't know what it can be, bnt I feel I'm dying. Hold my hand; don't leave me,' and then his head fell back on my knee. ' Calling Amun, I told him to bring some more wood, and to rouse one of the bearers, and for the little while he was away in the darkness I felt strangely desolate. In a few minutes he returned. \ ' ' The Shantee men all line for go away,' he said; ' only Amun and Kobboo here. Where officer man live, there be Haussa man.' Then he made up the fire and Bat close behind me. ' I Bhall never forget tbe horror of that dismal night, sitting by the glow of the fire, watching the flickering shadows as I held my dying comrade's head on my knee. The mist drove past me in wreaths, chilling me through with its clammy touch, whue all around the branches swayed and rustled as the wind swept through the trees, and at intervals the snort of the leopard seeking his prey sounded through tbe forest. Jevons moved uneasily at times, and clutched my hands, but never recovered consciousness, and when at length the weary night passed, and the dim light of dawn came flittering through the branches, I saw with horror that he was dead. . . ' Abandoning all our luggage, we three started to retrace our steps, attempting the almoBt impossible task of carrying the body of our comrade with us. All day we strug gled downhill, through mud and thorny thicket, tearing our clothes to ribands, and at timeB getting a nasty wound ourselves, al ways in the Bamc clcud of clammy mist. I alternately shaking with the fever, which now attacked me, and abusing our cowardly carriers for deserting us. Toward evening we reached the stream which separated the mountain from the mangroves, and here we flung ourselves down, and, with pains in every limb, and with my blood like liquid fire, I lay till morning in tbe burning grip of fever. ' When daylight came I could scarcely stand alone, and, as to carry the body any further was impossible, nothing could be done but to scrapc a shallow hole in the Bandy strip by the river and lay it there, at the foot of thetwoJu-Ju wandB;for when we I returned tbe missing one had been replaoed. ' All that day, with swimming head and I useless limbs, I leaned oa the shoulders of my faithful followers, and, half carried and half staggering, managed to get through the | awful tract of mangroves, black mud and swamp, which we had to ctobs. Struggling along half conscious late that night, we reached the spot where the hammockB had been left, and although they-were .worn -out with fatigue, the two staunch Haussas took me up, and, travelling along the clear path, we came staggering into the Compound at dawn — two haggard, tattered bearers, and an unconscious man. ' For ten days I lay between life and death, and then slowly recovered.' ' Did your friend show symptoms of ma laria ?' asked the doctor. ' I have seen many men die of fever, but none like that,' answered the commissioner, ' but from that day I have carefully avoided any insult to the native Fetish. I can give you no reasons, 'and can only say with Ham let, ' There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in your philosophy.' And if you wish to know all the strange things that happen in the African forests you must spend your life among them.' 