THE SERMON. THE CLEARER EVIDENCE OF GOD. ?By the REV. BR. BEVAN*. Hebrews xi., 40.-"God having provided some I ijptter Hung concerning us." ! These words close the famous chapter on j Faith, where the writer of the epistle to the Hebrews presents us with a series of' biographical sketches, which form a picture j .gallery of the old -saints, whose characters , illustrate the principle of faith, which lies j at the root of all religious life. It is a common error to suppose that Faith, whieh is connected with, religion, is -an unreal, fin. unpractical thing. 'Men will -.say, ""I can not be troubled with neligious considera-: tions, for I Jiave my duties, the pressing. engagements of life, to which I must at- J tend. I have neither time nor power to meddle with these matters, which are suit-1 ; able to the student or the hermit-to the ] poet in. his 'dreams, or the monk in his cell. Life is concerned with that which is re- j lated to the senses which is tested in ex perience, or, if we must think about the external world and ourselves, it must be in j a scientific fashion with strict observation, and with Tesults which can be verified. These are the only .abstractions with which we can deal." But the fact is our Author | has distinctly defined faith in Euch a way ?as to make lie "religious belief and con viction and sentiment to be of the same I order as that which has to do with the so-called things of common life. Faith i6 .the assurance of tilings hoped for, the' proving of things not seen. Now this state - of mind is the same whether it be directed j to the secular and sensible objects of our '-experience when they are not i mediately present to experience to that transcendent world which ] lies beyond the limits of the senses, and is therefore the unseen, but is by no means on that account what can-1 not be experienced, and what is not real, j FAITH IN RELIGION AND COMMON LIFE THE! SAME. I The mistake which is often made in re gard to faith is to suppose that because its; objects are different therefore its nature is not the same. The examples which the writer furnishes in this chapter cover various sides of life, by no means neces sarily what we call the religious, if by re ligious we have reference to the unseen world, or the world which lies beyond death. The references to this world are, indeed, very brief in the Old Testament, eo much so that the theory has beeu maintained that the religion of Moses twas a religion quite apart from the sanctions of immortality and the future life, and in these works of faith we bave a belief not by any means in immortality, but working itself out in the duties of temporal warfare, of nation-biiityiing, the service of the day and feneration furnishing the sphere in "which aith could operate, and so far as faith had [a. relation to future .events it was the per manence of the unchanging element in life, .as contrasted with the evanescent and shift ing phenomena of the seneefe rising into the sense of .a Divine presence which as sured the continuance of the nation ia a nobler historic destiny, or it might be in some cases the perpetuity of the race in the immortal life wnich was man's.divine inheritance. YET THE ADVANTAGE IS GOB& Notwithstanding this unity of the faith possessed by the old saints, and that whieh we ourselves enjoy, there is for us a certain advantage which is given to us in the per son and work of war Lord. In a certain sense the faith of the ancient saints was never completed; wherein it was .secular it was not crowned by the complete ap prehension of the eternal lifej wherein it was religious, its sanctions and assurances "were less powerful than than those which *we possess. The supreme object of the faith of man is God in Jesus Christ. The -faith -of those who preceded the incarna tion of Onr Lord did not receive as the ground on which it depended the clearness and force which are found in Christ. For them He was only set forth as a prelude. The shadow was theirs, the substance is ours. Even ihe prophets when they spoke of Him could -only inquire as to the sig nificance of those teachings which the Spirit bestowed. God spake in divers ways, and in varied measures to the Fathers, Ibut to us He has .spoken by His Son. OUR BETTER THINGS. We propose then to consider these better things 'which have been reserved for Chris tian faith.; so that the promises of fulness and -completion were not received by the Fathers, but have been made perfect in that which, we may know. What triumphs ought we not to enjoy! What victories ought -we not to achieve, seeing the advan tages that are given to as. MAN'S START IN BELIGION. The first object of faith "which man ap prehends is the presence in the universe and'in the objects of nature which are aroundhimofa power, different from the mere experiences of his senses, which cor-, responds to that of which fee is conscious within hiingpif No <sooner has man began ? to think, to reflect upon the «xperienee -of; life, ana upon his oivn nature, than he separates within himself between that which he feels and that which feels, and: a similar separation is made between those things and actions which produce his feel ings and that unseen, that unknown power which gives * vitality sad movement and 1 force and efficiency to the various objects and events of the external-world. At first j man neoess&rily; must be undetermined and: vague in regard to these multitudinous ob jects which he sees -around. Probably at first he attaches to them all an. idea of life, just as a child personifies tlie objects arotmd him, -especially -those against which he strikes and shuiie iimself, or the floor on which he ?Bs£gives it almost personality, -xotitel character, and pities it with a "t)Bor" or condemns it with a "naua&ty.; But roan «o©n learns to dis tinguish between tshe objects whioh are vital and those which are dead, between those whiehare v/ola&tarymd; wjueh-caa move themselves, and thcES-which -are ^n vohmtary and -must be-mo*ed%jy tjthers; "Vfeiy early in these experiences of his' thought man recogaisee an ajl- pcevztiling; aid all-T)ervA6ive power. Its «niw, its :pefc, *pynuwMM>, its orderliness, even iflie .sawaae perceivm, and hence th^ i^^peo^e^fa. irtBSE Sn tiie ^et&M; ^^^#irit»«il : -and most venerated laith *»f all men- is iu the existence of a Supreme and Originating Being, who as at »ace tlie author a tad the ruler and the. judge o£ all. MAX'S KINSHIP WITH NATURE. Here, then, is theixue origin of religion. This is the first object on which the foun dation of faith rests. Religion is not an expectation »eeessarily of future bliss or fear of future punishment. This is a de graded conception of religion, horn of a sensational philosophy and a utilitai'ian* ethics. The essence of rdigion is the per ception of the-transcendent forces of the universe, and the conviction that we are akin to .these. It is in this relation that something bet ter has been given to us ? through Jesus Christ than was enjoyed by our fathers, and as our limits will not allow us to consider, the question as related to the general re ligious thought of..mankind, we shall limit oursdves to pointing out that Christian ad vantage which is over and above what was -fiDjoyed even by the line of patriarchs and' saints of-Israel, who, more than anyiother people, perceived these spiritual totuies, and were the prophets and teachers, the great ^witnesses of this faith to the rest of mankind. THE DIVINE PRESENCE IN LIFE. 1\. In the -first place no one has ever bo powerfully grasped the truth of the Divine Presence in life xls Jesus Christ. It must not be forgotten that while faith is per fectly rational, and may be very properly, reasoned upon, yet it is a fact in human ex perience that the practical issues of iaith are not .gained merely by the operations of the understanding or the reason. It is often observed and -remarked upon that mere argument does not make men .believe. No doubt the results of reasoning are the conclusions of faith, but though we often reason without a flaw, and prove a posi tion beyond the possibility of -gainsaying, yet we make no impression upon the heart of the person whose -reason we may have conguered by proof, but who yet remains in himself inaccessible to faith. It is found! that for the production of conviction, a ] strong conviction is better than sound ar-1 gument. In all .spheres of life the mere reasoner produces very little effect, even' upon the convictions of men, hut lie who holds what he believes with clearness and energy becomes a powerful influence, and seems to transmit what he himself be lieves to others, just as an electric current in a wire will -set up a current in another wire, even though there be no contact. Hence the great religious leaders have been men of intense enthusiasm: they have proved the truths which they have wit nessed; they have not been jsatisfied with a firming them, and men 6eem to have caught from their enthusiasm something of the force of their conviction. Hence the religious teacher has been a seer, and not a rationalist. Rationalism is often negative, destructive. It is not positive-it can not construct. THE TOWER OF CHRIST'S APPREHENSION OF GOD. This was the force of our Lord's nature and teaching. The vision of Christ was the m<?st direct which mankind has ever re ceived. It was not rapturous, £cstactic. : He had no dreams, no experiences beyond the natural circumstances of man's daily L life, but ever with serene and clear vision I He looked through all the things of time and sense, and saw that which was eternal and spiritual on the other side, iio man ' ever moved through life with a clearer vision of God than did Jesus Christ. He / could reason if necessary, but why reason " when one sees. "We speak that we do t know," He says, "and testify that which t we have -seen." To Him there was no , difference between time and eternity, be tween earth and heaven, for all time was in eternity; heaven over-arched earth. It was God who painted the lilies; it was God . who watched the sparrow fell; round about him who served God the legions of angels ever encamped; dying was only passing into the hands of God; death was no more than a portal to the fuller and the larger life. It is this conviction-so clear, so unbroken, so all- pervasive, which made Christ the most potent foundation of faith. Moses might sometimes despair, but Christ liefer. The greatest of the pro phets could ay, "It is ^enough; we are not better-than our .fathers." But Elijah's Lord could only thank God that it seemed good to Him to hide things from the wise and prudent." The greatest amongst women might send his disciples to question if the Messiah had tome or not, Jesus in the calm serenity of His clear vision could only answer, "Blessed are they Tvho are not offended in me." Hence to preach Christ is to secure faith. Like loadstone among the kindred metal, Christ draws all the re ligious natures to Himself. He has been the centre and the source of all life and all inspiration, and men still gather round Him who is the author and the finisher of their faith. CHRIST HIMSELF THE SUPREME ILLUSTRA TION OF GOD IN MAN. 2\. In the next place the higher revelation to faith is made in Christ, seeing that He gave -an illustration, the most complete and perfect the world has ever received, of a life wholly dominated by this principle of faith in God. From the hour of His ap pearance in the Temple, when He gave tne first public sign of His consciousness of His duty to God, to the final appearances with His disciples, as recorded in the Evange lists, no one ever manifested a life so filled with God as did the Nazarene. Just as in His vision of God, our Lord's characteris tic is that of simplicity and calm unbroken directness, so in His own religious life, as the godly man He shows a similar serenity, an unbroken, ceaseless, .unvarying mani festation of the Divine Graoe and influence. . There were no vicissitudes of religious life in Christ, His devoutness had jio ebb and flow. He is not now ecstatic and now de ; spondent.. Even the transfiguration was for Him.no «traiwe-ejgierience;. it was only a revelation to His disciples. Thus the voice that came from heaven tame not for iiis sake, but for the Bake of those who heard it. CHRIST'S TERFECV 'NATURALNESS. It is this characteristic whieh gave to our Lord's life its naturalness. We find that ?He had ffissseasons for prayor and retire ment, for fiolitude' and communion with God, but theee were constant, they did not break into HiB tmie of common-eervice, and although He speaks of Hie necessity of fasting in order that power might he secured to oast out devils, yet theremre -no Tecorded fasts in the history of «ur Lord, except that .connected with the tempta tion, whet's there would seem to have been special .work to be gone through as part of His victory over the unseen forces *®f all. Hence, Christ continued to mingle with rjnen whilst doing His spiritual worl$; in Teaetihg wfththem "He "laid Himself open to thejc&aEge; ofJlUttanF «nd wine-bibbing. But «nfire ufe joi CJhrist was inter-, penetrated *nd controlled by Sis supreme Baoariiti o£*fee 'Divine <claimB*»4 presence. He J0fe, ^went -Bboutdoing qoo3, and not«*Mely lammiiitjjy of teaphing,iHiti HliMliflHbitaiiii and extending the Kingdom of God amongst jnen. CHRISTIANITY IS THUS MORE THAN A RELIGION. Christianity as established by our Lord is thus not only a revelation "of God, a Divine prophecy or witness; it is also a life, a service. God is not only to be seen in tbe world; God is to be .served in the world; and the life animated by the Divine Spirit is man's ideal, the noblest image of tf.hich was in Christ Jesus himself. CHRIST BECOMES" AS -OBJECOUQF _r_AlTH, \ 3\. But Christ did not only treveal God and illustrate Divine service, and as such pre sents a contrast of quantity to all who hard gone before. He also possessed a nature so unique that He furnished in Himself an object of faith which cannot be compared with anything that preceded Him, because it is altogether an object of a new kind and a differing quality. Christ is not only a prophet, not only a good man. He was ?also the Bon of God, the Incarnation of the Divine Word, the God-Man. It is not enough to say that God was revealed by Christ. God has been revealed in Christ, aad even more, God is in Christ He is not only the diffusive, all- embracing, all-inspiring essence of the world, He comes, so to speak, into closest union with us in the man Christ Jesus. God is in all tilings, and is revealed In all things, Now, of all the things in the universe, man is the highest, and of all things in man per sonality is supreme. Hence that the reve lation of God might be most complete, it must have been through humanity, and through humanity in the form of a per sonal, individual man. It is impossible to conceive of a higher revelation of God than that which has been received by Christ Jesus. And it not only is the highest, but it is the abiding, and God is stiff in Christ, for He who was subjected to all the humilia tion of earth has been, raised to the glory of Heaven, and there is for ever the Media tor of the new covenant, the Lord of the fresh kingdom, God's kingdom of righteous ness ana peace and glory. This, then, is the "better thing" re served for us. How do we stand in rela tion to this presentation of the great spiritual fact of the universe filled with God? Is our faith comparable to that of the old saints ? Do we walk with God as Enoch walked with God? Do we trust in God as Abraham trusted? Are we a friend of the Eternal as Moees, with whom God communed as with a companion? Where are our vision, our psalms, our reverence, our achievements? God is not for us for off, seen in the smoky sacrifice, heard in the thundering mountain, beheld by the waters of Chebar, or revealed in vision of temple glory. Fgt us God is in Christ; in the play of little children in the school, at the carpenter's bench, in our bodies, which are temoles of the Holy Ghost; in our lives, which are one ceaseless -sacra ment of the Divine Presence. How strong our faith should be, how warm our zeai, how joyous our life, how jubilant our hope! 