SUNDRY SPORTS. DID SHE WIN? [Fob The Woekee.] Now his weakness it was ' horse ' And^he had it bad of course, ? ' For he'owned a little beauty called ' The Ghost,' And his one delight in life — One relief from care and strife — ? Was to see her race, a winner, paBt the post. Just to make sure of a haul In the Birthday Cup at Stawell, . The cunning ' push ' had got a Melbourne crack And they thought the race was -theirs, As they laughed and said ' Who cares For a weedy screw like Billy Jones's hack?' But Billy had her fit, And he planked down every bit On The Ghost, and thought she'd bring the dollars in — For Bhe'd never sling it up, In the battle for the Gup, ?::-.- While she seemed to have the slightest chance to Win. .'?-?? ,;, ';:???:. i V Just two days before the meeting Billy Jones's soul went fleeting To|that Land where all straight owners ought to go; ' '' But before his spirit fled To his jockey this he said : ' ' Start the little mare and ride her all you know.' 'Well, she started for the race . ' And Melbourne made the pace : As he led by lengths you should have heard them boast, ! ? But she caught him in the straight — He -was killed by pace and weight— And the verdict was— A half-length for The Ghost! *? * *? When we meet him up above, , In that place where all is love, 'Twill not be for old friends that he'll inquire ; But the first we'll hear from Jones, Will be this, in anxious tones, , ' Did she win the Cup and beat that Melbourne ? flyer?' . , Vic GLENIEA. The Hawkesbury Eacecourse being several feet under water the races did not take place last Saturday. * * * With the exception of one innings, Hayward's 1074 runs were made during the month of May. It included 6 innings of over 100 and his average for 13 innings, twice not out, was 97*68. A Ballarat bookmaker has backed him self for a tenner to shear a sheep, slaughter it, dress it, and have its chops in the frying-pan in ten minutes. He is an old shearer and the event comes off at the sheep show in September. * * # Three players in the Markers' Tourna ment have been re-handicapped on account of their fine form because previously unknown at these functions. Yard, the favorite, has been put back from 230 to 200 ; Wanderer froin 230 to 190 ; Moloney, Oamden, from 250 to 150. * * * The draw at football between the Uni versity and North Sydney, the defeat of Western Suburbs by South Sydney, and the victory of the Glebe over Balmain has altered slightly the championship points. North Sydney still retains the lead with 6 wins, 1 loss, and 2 draws, and Glebe is next with 6 wins, 2 losses, and 1 draw. * * * An alleged scorching cyclist was haled before the magistrate for running over an old woman ' without giving her sufficient warning.' By way of defence the cyclist said that he gave an audible 'pip, pip.' What is that?' said the magistrate. ' That,' said the defendant, ' is an otherwise.' The perplexed magis trate, on turning to the law, read that a cyclist ' must give warning of his ap proach by bell, whistle, or otherwise.' * * * At the sale of the late Duke of West minster's yearlings, Eobert Sutton Sievier gave 10,000 guineas for the Persimmon Ornament filly and 5600 and 5500 for two others — the former being the highest price given for a yearling in turf annals. Twelve yearlings brought 43,000 guineas. When Baron Hirsch gave 5500 guineas for La Fleche as a yearling filly it was thought the total for the sex would not be exceeded. King Thomas, a yearling colt, brought £7600 in America, and Sir Blundell Maple gave £6000 for Ohilde wick as a yearling colt. * * * : : Stanley Rowley beat Wadsley over 100yds. at Wolverhampton the other day by 2yds. in lOfsecs. As Wadsley is a constant lO&secs.; man, he was evidently 4yds. behind his usual form or else the track was very bad. Rowley, however, could only run fourth in the 100yds. championship, where he met Hind of Cambridge whose record is 91, at the International athletic meeting when America won 8 out of 13 events. The Yankee runners Duffy and Wefers, who were to compete, have also records of 9fsecs. Rowley's best is said to be , 9&S6CS..; . In their recent fight, Gorbett landed 404 blows to Jeffries' 140. - ? ' - * * ? ' * In the University cricket match, Ox ford v. Cambridge, Oxford made the record total of 503. To this total R. B. Foster contributed 171, which is a record individual score for inter - University cricket. * # * Phineas Thompson, well-known in Sydney as a tobacconist, died the other day after a short illness. He was one of the Jewish family of bookies who came to Melbourne some 80 years ago as cigar makers. Joe, who originally sold fish, is bookmaking in Britain, as is Barney ; Jack, who like Phin fought with the North in the Civil War, and was good enough two-handed fighter to beat De tective Christie with the raw 'uns twenty three years ago — is dead and so also is Harry. # *. * New South Wales bred or owned horses were well to the fore on first day of the V.R.C. Grand National meeting. Tom Hassall's Delusion 9.12 ran second to an even money favorite in Wait-a-Bit, Malua Lucina, for the Maiden Hurdle; Aquarius, Niagara-Rosary, 9, and a rank outsider, bred by Bill Forrester, won the Grand National Hurdle by half-a-length from Rackstraw 9.7 — the New South Wales representative, and Goldfinder 9.8. The latter was favorite and the other two were at 33 to 1. Probably, Insult would have won had he not fallen, and he having fallen, Rackstraw would have won if not interfered with. Then Wooral, Tester-Quail, until lately Tom Hassall's property, won the Kensington Steeple carrying 9. 