ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. THE IRON HEARTED GITY.;, BV E." PHILLIPS OPPENHElil. ' CHAPTER XXII. The carriage pulled up before one of tlic handsomest houses in London. Douglas, brought back suddenly to the present, real ised that this wonderful nftcrnoon was nfc an end. .The. stopping of'the carriage- seem ed to him, in a sense, . symbolical. The interlude was over, lie must go back to his brooding land of "negatives. It has been very kind of you to come and see me, nnd to take me out," he said. She interrupted the words of farewell which were upon his lips. "Our little jaunt is not over yet," she re marked, smiling. "Wc arc going to have dinner together— you and I alone, and afterwards I will chow you that even a town house can sometimes boast of a pleasant garden. Yon needn't look at your clothes. We shall be alone, and you will be very welcome as yon are." They passed in together, and Douglas Was (inclined to. wonder more than' ever whether ;tlns were not a dream. Only that his (imagination could never have revealed anything J ike this ;to him. Outside the hall porter's office was a great silver bowl sprinkled all over, with the afternoon's cards and notes; A footman wltljl powdered hair admitted them, another moved respectfully before them, and threw open the door of the rooju to which' Emily de lteuss led him. lie had only a mixed impression of palp and beautiful statuary, drooping flowers with strange perfumes, and the dis tant rippling of water— then ho found him self in ,a tiny octagonal chamber draped in yellow and White— a .Woman's 'den, cosy, dainty, cool. She made him sit in an easy 'chair, which seemed to sink below him al most to. the ground, and moved herself to ;a little writing table.- "I here is just one message I must send," she said, "to a stupid house where I am half expected to dine. It will not take mc a minute." " . - He sat still, listening mechanically to the sound of her pen scratching across the paper. A tiny dachshund jumped into his lap, and with a little snort of content curl ed itself up to sleep. He let his blind wander. over its sleek satin coat— the. touch of anything living seemed -to inspire him .with a more complete confidence as to the permanent aud material nature ol' hia sur-' rouudings. .Meanwhile, Emily.. dc lieuss wrote her excuses to. a duchess— a dinner party of three' weeks! standing— knowing all the while that she was guilty. of an un pardonable social offence.. Sbe sealed her letter, and touched a bell by her side. Then she came over to him. ; "Now .1 am free," she announced, j'for a whole evening. How. delightful. What shall we, do? I am. ordering dinner, at 8. Would you. like to look at my books or play billiards, or sit here and talk? The garden I am going to leave till afterwards. I want you. to see it at. its bckt." "1 should like to see your books," he re plied. Site rose and ; moved towards the door. "I am not certain," she said, "whether you will care for my library. You .will think it perhaps too modern. But there will be books there that you will like, I am sure of that." Douglas had never seen or dreamed of anything like it. The room wns ecclesias tical in shafte and architecture, fluted pillars supported ait oalt-beatned ceiling, and at its upper end was a small organ.- But it was its color scheme which was so wonderful. The great cases which came out. in' wings into 'the i'oom were white. Every thing whs white—the rugs, the raised frescoes on tiie walls, the clmirs and hangings.' Bhc watched his face, and assumed an apologetic attitude. "ft is unusual — and untradibional, I know," she said; "but I wanted something different, and mine is essentially a modern library.' In this country there is so much to.depress ope, and.pnesurrqundings ftev all count .for, much'. That is niy poetry re cess. You seem to have found -your 'way there by instinct." "I think it is Charming," he remarked. "Only at first it takes your breath away. But what beautiful editions." He hesitated ayith his hand upon a vol ume. She laughed at him, and <tabk it down herself. Perhaps she knew that her arm was shapely. ' At least she let it remain, for a moment stretched out as though to reach the- next .volume. ; "I always buy 'editions de lnxe' when tlliey are'to be had," she said. "A beautiful book -deserves a beautiful, binding .aiid paper. I betfeve in the whole effect. It is not fair to Riiskin to read -him in papier- covers, and fh'hcy Le GaHienne in an.eight- een-penny' series." "You have Pater," he exclaimed, "and isn't that a volume of De Maupassant's?" His fingers shook with eagerness. She put a tiny volume into his hands. . He shook back the hair from his head, and forgot that he.had ever been ill, that he had ever suffer ed, thnt he hud ever despaired. For the love of books was in ' his blood, and his tongue was loosened. For the first time in his life lie knew' the full delight of a sympathetic listener; They, entered upon a new rela tionship, in .those few minutes. The summons for dinner found them still there. Douglas, with a- faint flush in his cheeks and brilliant eyes— she, too, imbued with a little' of .'his literary excitemeht. She handed him over to a man servant, who of fered him dress clothes, and Watted, upon him with the calm dexterous skill of-a well- trained valet'. He laughed softly to himself as he passed down the broad Btairs. Surely lie had wandered through dreamland into some corner of tihe Arabian Nights— else he had passed from one exireme'of life to tho other with a strange, almqst magical, celerity. Dinner surprised him by being so plea santly homely. A single trim maid servant waited upon them, a man at the sidebtiard open the wine, carved, and vanished early in the repast. . Over a great bowl of cluster ing roses he could see her within a few feet of him, plainly, dressed in black lace/ with a band of velvet around her white neck; her eyes resting often upon him full of gen tle sympathy. They talked of the books they had been looking at-/a conversation all the while without. background or fore: ground. Only once dlie lifted her glass, whidh had just been filled, and looked across to him. , - - "To the city— beautiful," she said softly. "May the day soon come when you shall write of it— and. forget!" . He drank the toast fervently. But of the future, then he found it liurdito think. The ' transition to this from his days , of misery had been too sudden. -As yet his sense of proportion had not had time to adjust itself.' Behind him were' nameless horrors— that he had a future at all was a fact which he had only recognised during the last few hours. : Afterwards they sat in low chairs on a terrace, with coffco on a small round table between them, a fountain playing 'beneath ; beyond, the trees of the park, the countless lights of the streets, the gleaming fires of innumerable hansoms. It was the London of broad streets opulent, dignified; afire for pleasure. Women were whirled by, brjght- eyed, bejewelled, softly clad in . .white feathers arid opera cloaks— men' hatless', im- mnculnte as .regards shirt fronts -arid ties, well groomed, the best of their race. Won derful' sight for Douglas, fresh' from the farm house amongst the hills, the Scotch college, the poverty stricken seminary. Back went his thoughts to that dreary past, and though the night was hot he. shivered. She looked at .him curiously. "You are cold?". -- 1 He shook hiB head. " . . . "I was thinking," he answered. -. She laid -.her fingers upon his arm, a touch so thrilling and yet so delicate. - ' ' \- "Don't you-know," she said, "that of all philosophies ./the essence is- to command one's, thoughts, ;'"to brush away -the imiha: terisl, the unworthy, the unhappy. Tiy and think that life, starts with you ftoaa te-dsiy. You are one of, those few, thoae very few people, DoucUa . Jesaon, who ' keveJbefecc t 'them a future.- Try and keep yourself master of it;" A servant stepped out on to the balcony, ;and' stood respectfully, before them. She -looked up frowning., : . "What is it. Mason?" she asked. "I told- yoti that'I was not/seeing anyone. at all to night." , "The person, irindame," he answered, "is from Scotland Yard, and he says that his business i« most important. He has called twice before. He begged me to give you his card, and to say that he will wait until yon can find it convenient to spare him a few minutes." She looked at- the card. Mr. Richard Grey. . . From Scotland Yard. Then she rose'regretfuli.v. - - "What the man can possibly want with tnc," she said, "Heaven only knows. You (Will smoke a' cigarette, mv friend, till 1 return. I shall not be long." He stood' up to let her pass, untroubled— not sorry for a moment's solitude. It was not until she had gone that a jlhought flashed into his mind, which stopped his Jicnrt from heating, and brought n deadly Tnintness upon him. CHAPTER XIV. A tall, thin man, with grave eyes and pale .cheeks, rnoe to meet Emily dc.Rouss wlien 'she entered the sittingroom into which he hud been shown. She regarded him with faint cUriosity. She concluded that he had called upon her with reference to one of her 'servants. She hnd a lnrge household, and it was possible that some of the mem bers of it had fallen under police supervi sion. She only regretted that ho had not chosen some other evening. "The Countess.de Reuss, I believe?" She assented. A nod was quite sufficient. "1 have been instructed to call and ask you .q. few questions with reference to your journey ' from- Accreton on 10th January last," he continued. "1 am sorry to trouble you,- but from information which we- have received it seethed possible that you might be able to help us." . She stood quite still — not a muscle in her colorless face twitched or moved in any way. She showed little of her surprise, none ol/her intense nnd breathless interest. The mah looked at -her in admiration. She was politely interested— also acquiescent. "1 remember .my journey from Accreton perfectly well," she said. "But I cannot see that anything- in ' connection with it can possibly be of interest to Scotland Yard. Perhaps j'ou will be a little more explicit." The man bowed. "You bad a travelling companion, wo are given' to understand; a young man who entered your carriage at the last moment," he added.' ... ,. .. . "I had a travelling companion, it is true," she admitted slowly. "It is also true that he entered my . carriage at the last moniont. Bat how that can po'ssibly concern you T cannot imagine," . "We should likc to-know his name," the man-said.- Emily de Rcuss shook her head slowly. "I really Itm' afraid," she replied, "that I cannot tell you that." "I-Io was a ntrariger then — you did not know him before?" the man asked, quickly. "On the contrary," she answered, shaking her head, "lie wns an old friend." The man's face, fell. . Obviously he was disappointed. - She toyed with a bracelet for a moment, and then yawned. "If he .was an 'old friend," Mr. Grey said, "why will you not give me his name?" ' "If you will show; tpe a sufficient reason why I should," she' answered; "I will not hesitate. But you force me to ask you di rectly what possible concern can it be of yours?"- ' ;; "Your ladyship may remember," lie said, "that there was a shocking accident upon the train?" She assented with. a little shudder. "Yes, I remember that." "A . man threw /himself :from the train and was crUBhcd tt'death. His body was quite unrecognisaliii. but from some papers found upon dr neftr him. it ivas ooncluded that .'bis- name;,wd«;;-Douglas , Guest.'!.- -. - ! "I" remember' hearing that, too," she agreed. ' j "Well, there seems to hayo been plenty of reason for Mr. Douglas Guest to- have committed suicide, na I daresay you know, if ever you read the papers." "I never by any chance open an English one," she said. "Then you probably didn't hear of the murder in n Cumberland village the night before. No? Well, there was one, and the man -who .-was .wanted for it was— Mr. Douglas Guest." "The man. who tiirew himself from thg carriage window?"' i" . ; "Apparently, yes.,' We made searching in quiries into' the matter; and we came to the conclusion that Douglas Guest was the man, nnd that he.<had either committed' suicide or been kiljed in trying to jump from the; train. We were disposed, there, fore, to let the matter drop until a few days ago, when wc had a visit from a Miss Strong, who proyed to be, the daugh ter of. the old farmer who was murdered; She seeiped- to. have Igot hold of an idea that Douglas Guest had . by some, means foisted bis identity on - to the dead man, and was- still alive.; She: absolutely denied that a pnrt of the clothing which was pre served " " had ' .ever1 belonged to Douglas Guest, and she worked.'up 'the chief' to such an extent -that -he told me off to see this through.".,. v "I still do not see,"; she said, "in what way T am concerned in this.' \- "It, was .your fellow passenger, Count ess, not yourself, concerning whom we were curious. Wc hoped that you might be able to give us - some information. > We under stood thatjhe, joiijeti'' the train hurriedly. If. you like. I' will read you-n description of Douglas Guest." r. Emily.de Reuss looked him in the face and shrugged her shoulders. "My good lhah/' she said, "it is not necessary: /I am not in the least interested in the young man, and when I tell you that I went to the trouble and expense of engag ing a compartment, you will perhaps under stand that I should not for a moment have tolerated any intrusion on the ;part of a stranger. .The gentleman who accompanied mc'to London was one of the house party at Mnddenham Pripry, and an old friend." 'The. officer closed bis notebook with a lit tle sigh and. bowed. "It only remains for me," he said, "to express "to your ladyship my regrets at hav ing troubled you ih the matter. Personally your statement confirms my own view of the 'case... The young lady is excitable, and has been deceived." ' ' Emily de Reuss inclined her head and touched the knob of an electric befi. At the. door the officer turned bnck. "It would perhups. be us well," he said, "if you would favor me with the name of the gentleman who was your companion." She hesitated. "I think it quite unnecessary," she an swered. "I have certain reaBonB, not per- haps- very, serious fones, but stiil worth con sideration, for not publishing it abroad who my companion was. It must be sufficient for you that he was one of my fellow guests at Maddenbam Priory, and a friend for whom T -can vouch." ' The servant was at the door. Mr. Grey bowed. " "As your ladyship wishes, of course," lie said.' Emily de Reuss made no immediate move ment to -rejoin her guest. She was a woman of nerve and courage, but this had rather taken her breath a Way. She had had no" time for thought.- She had answered as though by instinct, It was only now that she realised what she had done. She had lied deliber«tely,'had placed herself, should the truth ever be known, in on utterly false if not a dangerous position, for the sake of a boy pf'whose antecedents she knew nothing, and on whom rested at any rate the shadow of a very, ugly suspicion. She had done this, who frankly owned to an absorbing selfish ness, nnd. whose conduct of life ever gravi tated from the. centre of self. ' After all, what folly ! She 'had been generous upon impulse. How riih'culous! She.wglked slowly 'out to where Douglas at whiting. She, came upon him "like a ghost in the dim light, and when the aoft rustling of . her gotyn announced Her pre sence . he started violently and turned a bloodless face "with twitching lips and eager eyes to hers. The sight of it was a shock to' Iter. He bad been living' in fear then— her falsehoods for 'his sake had been necessary, , "Has he gone?'' he/asked, incoherently. ; "Yes." ' "Was it— about me?" , "Yes." '. „ . "You'd better tell mc," hfe begged. -She sat- down by liis side and glanced around. They were. alone, and out of ear shot from the windows. "My visitor," she said, "whs a detective — from Scotland Yard. He came- to know if 1 could give him any information ubout ray fellow passenger from Accreton on 10th January." "Why?— Why did- he want to know?'" . "There was a murder,' he said, a Cumber land farmer, und a young man named Douglas Guest was missing." - "Douglas Guest," he said, hoarsely, "was in that train. He was killed. It. was in the papers." - . . "So the detective believed," she said, "but a daughter of tho murdered mnn " ' "Ah!" . " v hits taken tip the case, and posi tively refused to identify sojjtp of the cloth ing belonging to the dead man. There was some talk of a young man, who answered the description of Douglas Guest, having forced himself into my carriage. The fqan cante- to ask- mo about this." "And you told him what?" She adjusted a bracelet carefully, her beautiful eyes fixed on liis haggard face,'/ "I told him a Jie," she answered. "T jold hini that my companion was a fellpw guest at the house where I had' been' staying." A - little sob of relief broke in his throat, lie seized her hand in his, and pressed it to His lips. It seemed to .hcr that the'touch ivas of fire. She looked at him thought fully. / . . "You arc Douglas Guest, then?" she asked quietly. ; ; . "I am," he answered: . . 1 CHAPTER XV. At an attic window from which stretched a Bab.vlonic wilderness of slated roofs and cowled chimney pots, two girls were sitting." The tan of the wind and the sun wns upori their cheeks, their clothes lacked thu cheap smartness of the Londoner. The elder one was talking. r "I'll never believe— that it was Douglas," she said. Nay, but I knew the boy too well. He was ever pining '.for- London, for gay places, and the stir of fife. There was evil in his blood. It was books be read. What else?'.But he'd, not the pluck of a rabbit, lie never killed himself— not he! . Ho'b a live man to-day, and'as I'm it living woman I'll drop my hand upon- his shoulder some day." /'Please God, never," the younger girl cried, fervently! "Please God that if it were Douglas who sinned so grievously, he may be dead." - The' elder girl rose up. She was tall, heavily built,, and dark, with high cheek bones,, black 'eyes and , brows, a ! mouth of iron. The blood of - rhany generations of stern ycoriian was' in her veins. She -was the daughter of Bideon Strong, who had- been found in his room dead, throttled, with an empty money box, but' a month or so Bince. ; " "i'is well for you; Cicely;" she Baid, and her voice, metallic enough -at all times, seemed, for the bitterness of it, to bite th.e close air like a rasp. -"'Tis well enough for you. Cicely, who hnd but little to do with him, but do you forget' that I ivas his affianced -wife? I have stood up in the Meeting House at Feldwick; and we prayed together for grace. The Hypocrite 1 - The abandoned, wastrel! That he who might have been the pastor of Feldwick, ay, and have been chosen to; serve- in the towns, even, should have wandered so miserably!" ' Tiie younger girl, was watching a smoke begrimed sparrow on the sill with eyes at once vacant and tender. .'- She was slighter and smaller than her sister, of the same complexion,- but with merry brown eyes'and a broad humorous mouth. Her .whole exr pression was kindly. She had a .delicate prettiness of coloring, and a . viyiacity which seemed to place-her'amougst a, different dr« der of beings.. Never wcte si teri'ffibre fike and u'nlihe in this world; ' ' " "Sometimes," she said- reflectively, "I have wondered whether father wus not very hard upon Douglas.- He was. so different from everybody else thereao fond of books aud pictures, clever people, arid busy places. There was no one in Feldwick with whom he could have. had any tastes at. all in:com- mon— not a scholar amongst the. lot ' of us.", - - ' ' ; Joan frowned heavily. ' Her dark brows contracted,' tho black eyes" flashed. ' " '!: "Pictures and books," she muttered. "What has a minister of the Gospel to' do' with these? Douglas Guest had chosen his path in life." "Nay." Cicely interrupted,. eagerly. . "It won chosen for him. "-He was young, and father was very stern-and obstinate, as who should know better: than us, ourselves, Joan? Douglas never seemed happy after he came back-from .college. His. life was not suitable for hirtt." / Joan Strong was slowly getting angry, '. "Not suitable 'for him" she retorted. "What folly! Who .was he, to pick and choose? It was rare fortune for him that father should have brought him up as he did. You'll say next that I'was forced on him, that he. didlna ask me to be;his wife — ay, and kneel with me before all of them. You've forgotten it. maybe," But Cicely, to whom that day had'been one of agony, marked with a ' black stone, - never to be -forgotten, shook her head with a. little shudder, ' "Pm sure' I never hinted at: it, Joan," she said. "But for all you can say, I'll be lieve he's dead." "Maybe," Joan answered -coldly, . "but I'm not -yet believing it./ It's led; astray I' believe "he was, and heavy's the penalty. It's my notion he's, alive in (this city, and that'6 why I'm here to stay. It'll be a heavy day of reckoning when we meet him, bait it'll come, Cicely. I've dreamed of it, rind' it'll come. I'll never bend the knee nt meeting till I've found him." Cicely shuddered./ "It'll never bring poor father back to life," she murmured. "You'd best go back to Feldwick, Joan. There's the farm, you and Reuben Smith could work it well enough. Folks there think you're out of your mind staying on here in London." "Folks may think what, they will," fehe answered, savagely. "I'll not go back till Douglas- Guest hangs,'" ' "Then you may never see ; Feldwick ngain."-Cicely prayed. "You're but n poor creature yorirself;" Joan cried, turning Upon her. with a' sud den passion. "You would have hint go un punished then, robber, murderer, dccbivcr. Oh, don't think tliat I never saw what was in your mind. I know very well what brings you here now. " You want to save him. I saw it all many a time at Feld wick, but you've , none so much to flatter yourself about. He took little enough no tice of me, and none at all of you. ' He deceived us all, and as I'm a living, woman he shall suffer for it." Cicely rose up with pale face. "Joan," Bhc said, "you are talking of'the deqd. - But Joan only scoffed. " She wis a woman- whose beliefs, once allowed to take root in:-£he...iuiud, were unassailable, . proof against probability, ..proof , against argu ment. Douglas Guest was alive, and it was her mission to -bid him stand forth before, the world. She was the avenger. She believed in herself; The spirit of the prophetess was in her veins. She grew more tolerapt .towards her younger sister. After all, she was of weaker, mould. How should she sea what -had come even-to her only aa an inspiration? - "Come; Cicely," she Said,' "I'm not for bandying words with jrou; "The world "is wide enough for both of us. Let us live nt pence .towards One another, at any rate. There's -ten. coming— poor stuff enough, out it's "city water and city milk; You shall sty 'dpwty .and 'tell T me 'hat: bus brought you here, for jt's nrit only to see. me,' I " ; 