Epping. The Ghost.— The identity of the Epping ghost has been satisfactorily established. The residents are pleased to note that he had a, shirt on. Better so! Works.— Pembroke-street and Stanley-road, having been completed; the men are now at work on Southerland and Norfolk- road, but we have to point out that the dangerous portions to vehicular traffic in Oxford-street are still un cared for. ? : ?'?'?'. House Hunting. — Several visitors have been to the district during the past week in search of residences which are unfortunately not available. They all deplored the fact that the water is not,laid on. One lady in inspecting the only house available was exceedingly worried over the fact that she could not have the gas. . '? . Tbaec Service. — The following is an extract of a letter received by an Eppingite from a well known resident of Wahroonga :— ' I. was not surprised that you- found the train service not suitable. The railway authorities appear to do their best to keep your district and ours well separated. As a matter of fact, to go from Wahroonga to Strathfield is easier by way of Redfern Station than to wait for a train at Hornsby Junction. When will the Com missioners make this a practical round service ? In America things are done differently. They lay the line and population follows; We act differently.' Public School. — The school matter is still in abeyance, and residents are wondering what is the matter with the executive of the Progress Association, and what the member for the district is thinking about. The decision of the Minister for Public Instruction to place higher class. schools away from the metro polis instead of centralising them is com mended by Eppingites, who trust that Eppiog will not be overlooked. Will the executive of the Progress Association take this hint ? The Telephone.— It is a regrettable fact that a few residents areseceding as subscribers, but for all this the exchange has met with such great support from the neighbouring districts of Bceoroft and Pennant Hills that its success is assured. 