THE WOMAN OUTWITS. Thomas Stokes, cashier to tho well- known firm of morehantn, Stych and Goldsmidt, gazed closoly at the surface o his privato aafo, and, 03 ho discerned tho single hair ho had artfully plocod over tho interstice of tho doublo doors, ho muttered nn emphatic ' Umph I' Mechanically ho manipulated the patent combination lock to the necessary formula nnd throw open tho door. Then, drawing forth his bunch of koys, ho inserted ono in the inner drawer, shot hack tho lover, and draw it out to its full extent. And as he took in its puinful emptiness lie avu9nu(vu nun uu njipiusiiuii blank dismay. Tho night beforo Thomas had placed his potty cash in that drawer, nnd had locked it in tho presence of his principal. No uno hut himself nnd Goldsmult knew tlin open sesame ' of that safe, only he possessed tho koy of that inner drawer ; nnd yet, once again, for tho third time in three short weeks, tho contents had mysteriously vanished. The outer door opened, nod Mr. Bernstein Goldsmidt himself, with a curt greeting, stamped upstairs into his sanctum. To him, presently, camo Stokes, white-faced and trambling, and in faltering tones quavered out his discovery. ' ThiH makes tho dofalcati.ns how much V queried Mr. Goldsmidt calmly. Thirty-two pounds sixteen shillings, stammered Thomas. Very woll, Stokes,' ho remarked, with freezing acerbity, ' I givo you 0110 week to discover the miscreant. That's all T Irnvo to say. Send my nephew to me.' And, busying himself with his corres pondence, ho signifiod tlmt the bewildered book-keeper might withdraw, ' Emanuel,' Air. Goldsmidt greeted his nephew, < I sea by the watchman's report you loft nt 7. 30 last night t' ' Yes, uncle,' returned tho other promptly ; ' the posting is in arrears. I stayed behind to pull it up.' ' You're a good lad, Emanuel,' replied Goldsmidt, laying his hand aflectionatoly on the young mans shoulder; 'I would nil tho other clerks were as industrious. When I suggested that you Rhould make juurnuu illiiruuiiq ucquaiiituii "itii uu the routine work, you were no doubt fully cognizant of iny ultimnto intentions with regard to you. I am pleased with you,' 'Thnnk you, uncle,' ho murmured respectfully, and withdraw. Stepping juuntly into tho clerks' office, iio resumed his customary place and npplicd himself to his duties. Every now and then, however, ho would direct n covert glance at poor Stokes, as he sat ut his desk, a dazed look on his face, staring blankly before him. At tke stroke of eleven ho went forth into tho street — presumably for luncheon. -i -o reccing nil seeps to tno post-omce, no tendered a telegraph form to tho atten dant nnd, with a facetious remark throw down a shilling. Probably Mb trustful uncle would liavo scared couid ha have seen that wire, for it wits addressed to a firm of turf commission agents, When ho returned— fiftoon minutes later — ha noted that tho cashier was engaged in conversation with Miss Beryl, his uncio's typist. It was hot an unusual ocuurronco, hut nevertheless hut faco was distorted by a malevolent frown, for tho girl was attractive, and Emanuel had set liis ayes upon her. The gill's position was peculiar. Though in her heart slio knew Jacobs for an unscrupulous scoundrel nnd loathed him accordingly, realizing his influonco with iter employer, nnd anxious to stand well witli hint — for an invalid mother depended on her efforts — she w.ts com pelled in a measure to sullcr his un- dcsirahlo attentions. Jacob's familiar tono with tho girl iriitatcd not herself alone, for, shortly after her appearance, Thomas Stoko had discovered a hitherto unknown thrill of pleasure pervade his being nt iter presence, and somo timo beforo lmd avowed his regard to her. It was generally known that thoy wero betrothed, hut Emanuel, foigning ignorance, relaxed not his persecutions. So tho matter stood when cuing ruin to tho unfortunate cashier, anil now — a felon's cell. But Millicent llcryl was a clover littlo woman. The placing of tho hair bad been her suggestion, and now, more than over, as her lover acquainted her with Guldsinidt's (licLum. she resolved tlmu silo would set her woman's wit to work und oudeavourcd to save him. ' I givo it up, Millie. Heaven help mo; it is beyond inc.' And, with a choking sob, Thomas Stokes buried his face in his hands. Tho girl set down her knitting, nnd IllUflllg Ovl ll j n»nmun iinii| jjvutiij entwined her arms about his neck. Tenderly raising his bowed head, slio kissed him lovingly on tho lips. The kiss sremcd to rouse him from his lethargy ' Millie,' ho taid, ' you will stick to me— you will help llio V ' Tom,' alio cried, you know I will. Come, I want you to toll ine all tho facts.' ' What can I toll you 1' burst out the man, bitterly; 'you know everything.' 'Not quite,' sho returned, with tho ghost of n smile. ' This much I do. In one compartment of this safo of yours you keep your books. Tho other is divided into sections set on this drawer. Did it over strike you that it has this difference to an ordinary safe — interior is not surrounded by tho usual casement filled with non-iuflnmmahlc materials, but llio whole thing is simply a shcotiron affair built into the wall 1' 'Yes, this is so,' rid urned tho man, slowly. 'Now, tell me. Have you ever lmd this drawer out of the safo 1' 'No;tliat is impossible. It will draw out to its full length, but is secourod bv a projecting flame.' ' And the lacking action — docs it hold the drawer rigid in position?' 'No, I think not. Tho bolt shoots up belling tlio projecting flange.' 'Ah! On tho other side of that wall is tho strong room where the lodgers and business books aro stored. Is it not so 1' Yes.' ' And who holds tho koy of the strong room V 'It is invariably placed in a cortain drafter in tho offico.' 'And, of course, tho ledgor clerks all know where it is to be found I' 'Yes. You sco, thut is nccossary in case any of thorn desire to stay after six to work on tho books.' ' Now, regarding theso thefts. It has occui red to mo that tho cosh has boon abstracted in every instance after an unusually heavy day for cash receipts, or immediately after you have obtainod tho weekly potty cash. Woll, now,' Hho wont on, reflectively, 'it appears to mo that that oireumstance distinctly narrows the limit of our suspicions. Without doubt tho perpotrator is ono of tho office stuff who is porpcctly cognizant of your movements. Tell mo, doesn't such a one occur to you V ' Millio; do you think T Tho woman remained ailcnl, ' I-Icavons ; if I thought it ! And yet — but it is impossible. ' I toll you no man alive could liavo dono this thing and left tho safo as it was ' ' Now, I have a littlo plan to proposo,' interrupted Millie. ' My father, as you are aware, was much given, in his ioisuro hours, to experimental research in chemistry. From him I learned the properties of certain chemical compounds — properties which urc not not down in tho ordinary textbooks. ' Ono day, I remember, I found him in his lubaorulory, carefully drying a white precipitate, evidently thrown down by a solution in a test tabo beforo him. With a child's curiositv. I nuesthmed him nn to the nature of liis experiment. ' You would liko to knnw the properties of that white powder, eh 1' ho queried, smilingly. ' Very well, little girl, you shall. Hold out your hand. Now just rub a pinch in the palm, so. What do yon seo 1' ' ' Nothing, father,' I exclaimed. " So V ho ejaculuted, gazing nt my palm through his spectacles —and I thought I detected the twinkle in his eye — ' Woll, well I There must bo something wrong. Go and swill your hands.' ' Laughingly I obeyed ; nnd as I did so, a curious thing happened. At the first touch of tho water tho spot on my palm where I hod rubbed tho powder went a blood-red colour. 'Now liston. All his researches are set down lucidly in his notn-books, which I have carefully kopt, nnil it will not bo difficult for me to supply you with a small portion of that whito powder. ' When you place the potty cash in that drawer noxt Thursday, I want you to Rprinklo tho coins with tho impalpable powdor. That's oil.' Tho clock hntl hardly struck eight when Millicent Boryl entered tho oliico next morning. Discovering tho drawer, she annexod the key of tho strong room, nnd, throwing back tho ponderous door, switched on tho eleotrio light and glided within. Half an hour elapsed before she omerged, and when sho did thore wns a curiously strained look on her fnco. Reloaking the door, she roplacod tho key in its original position, and baroly had she settled down to her maehine whon Einnnuel Jacobs strode into tho offico. ' What I so oarly, Millio I' Iio exclaimed, sneering at her impudently; 'why this sudden burst of industry V ' Excuse mo, Mr. Jacobs, I'm busy,' she returned shortly. ' I wish to finish this tabulation.' ' The tabulation can wait. I want to tell you something, and thin opportunity is too good to be missed.' And he at tempted to insinuato his arm round her waist. Springing from lior chair slio frustrated liis design, and facing him, her eyes ablaze witli passion, slio lashed him with the scorn of her outraged feelings. But the man was a thorough cad. ' Go it, my pretty ! he laughed. 'It'll take a lot of that to upset me. 1 liavo sot my liea.it on a kiss from tlioso tempt ing lips — and I generally got my own way.' And so speaking, ho advanced towards her with tho intention of accom- witli passion, struck him ncross tho face. Heeding not the blow, ho seized her two Imnds, nnd, holding her powerless, struggled to prcas Ids hot lips to her sweet face, when, suddenly, tho door flow open, and Thomas Stokes strodo into tho loom. Taking in tho situution at a glnnco, ho sprang nt tho fellow, and tearing him away from tho half fainting girl, dashed him heavily against llio wall. ' You contemptible licund 1' ho hissed. ' Get out, before I strangle you.' The baffled Jncobs tried to bluster, but, craven as bo was, ho slunk from tlio room uko a whipped cur The following Friday morning, when Stokes nrrivcil, ho found tlio snfc had again been tampered with, and casli to the nmnunt of soveii pounds fourteen shillings had been spirited away. Golds midt wns busy dictating to his typist whon the cashier untcrcd liis room und announced his discovery. ' Well, Stokes,' Iio snapped, harshly ; 'personaly I hnvo no doubt of your fidelity, but, as tho cashior, you aro responsiblo, and I regret to say we shall not require your services after to-rnorrow.' ' Ono moment, sir, if you please,' re marked Millicent Boryl, quietly. ' I think I can throw a little light on this mystery. If you will kindly accompany mo into the strong-room I will show you something that will surpriso you.' -i/Ciiaiiny, miss j Jury i ; wo aro nt your service.' ' Mr. Stokes,' said tlio girl, whon thoy lmd passed into tho apartmont, ' would you liavo tho goodness to rumovo those old despatch-boxes from tho section in the corner there ?' Stokes, wondering what was coming next, obeyed. As ho did so, it was revealed that tho safo room was lined by n matcliboardcd skirting. The two men gazed, speechless witli astonishment, as the girl with a sudden wrench whipped away tho scantling nnd dis closed tho brickwork. Now, gontlcmon, if you will look closoly,' sho whispered, ' you will find this wall has been tampered with.' So saying, sno aoitiy inserted a ponumto botween tho brioks and lifted two or threo out bodily from thoir position and set thorn down besido her. ' But up against this wail is tho cashici's safe,' sho went on, 'and hero you will obsorvo tho iron backing. Now, see. Sonio iugenious person has thought it worth while to experiment on this case, and ho ovidontly found it a con genial task, for look, I insert tho knife here, n section of the iron comas away — cut out, as you will obsorvo, by a fret saw — and the end of the drawer is revealed. Tho drawer is only secured by tho projecting flango in front, and it is a simple matter to slide it backwards through tlio aporturo hero, and abstract the contents.' ' But who could liavo dono this thing 1' burst out the astonishod principal. ' Your nophow was horo nt 8 o'clock this morning, I bolievo, and his industry of late has hccomo a by-word.' ' My nephew. Miss Beryl, you forget yourself. Emanuel t Impossible.' ' Tho theft was perpetrated this morn ing,' remarked tho girl, importurbably, 'and fortunately, I think, we aro in a position to bring tho oulprit to book.' In a hurried whisoer sho oxplninod tho plot of the whito powdor. Goldsmidt listenod attentively, and liis faco became set ill a scowl. ' Come, Stokes, and you too, MiRS Beryl. Lock this safe. Wo will sco this matter through to tho bitter end.' Striding into his office ho obtainod a glass of water, anil strising his bell summoned his nophow. Jacobs appeared, self-possessed nnd smiling, but the smilo died on his lips as ho saw tlio pair standing there, and flora his oyos there flashed a baleful look of malignity. ' Emanuel,' cried Bernstein Goldsmidt, abruptly, 'wo are conducting a littl-i experiment. Probably you aro awuro tliut certain moneys have mysteriously disappeared of Into from tho cashier's enfn Tn nmfntivntir Ln nlnrnrliiLn tlin mystery, I am about to put a certain question to oach of tho clerks in turn. I will commence with you as n mere forinnlity. You will dip your fingers in this glass of water, ami Rwenr thut you know nothing of this matter.' ' Uncle, I protest.' 'You will do as I request, sir, at unco.' Emanuel Jacobs glared round the room in a furtive fashion, us if seeking a way of escapo. Then, witli a supercilious shrug of liis shoulders, ho approaclusl the table and dippoil the tips of his fingers into the glnss. 'I sweur that I know nothing Heaven and earth! what trick is this?' His fingers had turned a deep bicod- rcd. For ono brief momont ho stared, a startled look of fear in his eyas, and then, realizing that iio was trapped, ho flung himself on tho floor and coworcd nt his uncio's fcot. Go'.dsmidt spurned him with his foot, and silencing iiis wild entreaties, ox- claimcd : — 'Get up, you dog, nnd go— before I forget that you aro my sister's child. Stokes, forgivo mo tho wrong I liavo done you. Miss Boryl — I thank you.' The old man fell Imuk heat ily in his clmir, and Thomas Stokes silently led tho loving woman who hud proved his saviour from tlio room and kissed her smiling face. 