INDIA A DESERT- The following is an article by A. Sarath Knmar GhonB, iu the " Daily Express" :— At this moment, says the writer, from the banks of the Godavery to the waters of the Sutledj, all India is a desert. Sixty millions of people, as large a number as would twice fill England and Wales, are racked with the pangs of hunger ; six millions of them would die to-morrow but for a handful of rice. How many more have passed away beyond the reach of human aid no man can tell. In Central India the affliction is the deepest. The fields are void and barren, and without people. The cracked earth, burnt to a mahogany brown,shrieks for rain. Not a patch of green anywhere, not a blade of grass. The leaves of the trees, withered, frizzled, twisted, have fallen off the naked branches. In entire villages not a living creature can be seen, save perhaps an emaciated bullock breathing out its life in the company of a starving crow, that watches for its last gasp from an adjacent dung-heap. Half the population, those still able to walk or stand, have gone off to the relief camps ; the other half have laid themselves down to die in silence in hovels and in dark places. The scenes in the camp are grim and tragic. From one thousand to five thousand are gathered together in different places, a multitude of skin and bones, and hullow, glassy eyes. The flesh on any of them would not cover the body of an average English babe. Their emaciated faces bear an expression of abyssmal despair, intensified a hundredfold by contrast with the look of intelligence and even of refinement in those not so far gone in starvation. Little children who have come with their mothers into the camp stand with large, lustreless eyes, watching the hungry, lEimgy cars that, too, have followed in tlis nake of the population—and they light with the curs to snatch a halfeaten crust. The usual labor in the camp is breaking stones ; the pay an anna (penny) per day. A large heap, comprising a dozen big rocks, the largest half a hundredweight, is a man's allotted task: a lesser heap, a woman's ; half a man's heap is a child's. And these stones have to be broken up so Small as to make macadam roads. A traveller was passing by the camp, a sturdy young Englishman. He noticed a man sitting before his unbroken heap, with armB thrown dejecjectedly over bis knees. A few yards off was a girl of eight, ineffectually tapping a cobble-Btons with a small mallet. The traveller took in the situation, and asked the man for his hammer, and the young Englishman, athlete though he was, essayed a dozen vigorous blows before he could split the rock. Bnt be stayed an hour, and broke up the man's heap and the girl's. And now a new terror was added to the sufferings of the multitude. So far they had water to drink ; now the shallow wells, dug with spades and mattocks, bad yielded np their last drop. The camp had no scientific apparatus for boring deep artesian wells. And the beat was terrific ; 150deg in the snn. The snn was a bail of fire in a sky of copper. The thirsty multitude gazed upwards, with lolling tongues, but saw note rain-cloud anywhere. Maddened with unutterable pain, they broke forth iu search of water. In a body they deserted the camp. Hunger was bad ; thirst a thousand times worse. Far across the fields they roamed in groups of tens and twenties. At last a cry of joy was heard; it came from a, party making towards a clump of trees and low bushes. All within earshot rushed that way. In the centre of the little jungle was a stagnant pool—the remains of last year's rains, protected from the fierce san by the overhanging trees and tall bamboo reeds. But the water was a yellowish green, covered with a threefold layer of rotting leaves, it Was all alive with living creeping things, and buzzing with blue-winged flies. Into this the multitude cast themselves and lapped up the water greedily with their tongues. That night cholera broke out in the cauip —" black cholera," that tortures the victims with untold agonies before releasing them by death. Its only mercy is that it is so short ; some, times three hours, at most six. That uigbt the multitude laid themselves down by the roadside. Most of them were in bare loin-cloths ; here and there one lay shrouded in a white sheet, like a ailent ghost. The heat was 110 in the shade, and this night. The unwinking moon shone alike upon dead and dying. Darkness would have given a sense of coolness. Not a breath of wind stirred the dust-motes that hung in the air like painted Ppots against a painted sky. After a while the English doctor came. He felt a pulse herp, examined a distended eyeball there, shook his head iu silence and passed on. Only a few re- 1 CeiVed adoie from the black holtles his assistant carried, The others, awaited' iheir turn—some lying still in calloU* apathy, some struggling up with feverish syes, to read their doom in the doctor's lace. Suddenly a low moan was heard in the palpitating stillness — from some poor wretch who bad read his death warrant. The effect was instantaneons. The cry passed from mouth to mouth. Eleven hundred moans shook the hot oil, eleven hundred cowering forms swayed from side to side in agonising terror. It was black despair and panic now.. A sudden panic, appalling in its intensity. The eleven hundred rose up, all bnt the dead, and fled into the night —some tottering and falling, rising again in a vain effort, then cast prone upon the earth—some reeling like drnnken tnen, helping, each other with locked hands, like the blind leading the blind, but all fell into the jungle, the white, pitiless moon shining upon the huddled heaps. that marked the fugitives' flight along the fields, And there was none to bnry tbem or burn them. But from afar off there aroBe an ominous sound—hoarse screeches and flapping wings. It was a flock of vultures, starving, fierce, fighting one another. with cl^w and talon to get down first to their horrid work. This was' done in the green wood. What shall be said of the dry ? Who shall speak of the pains of those who remainediuthe village? Respectable women, veiled from the eyes pf men, who to dig were not able, and to beg were ashamed ! And when the hot, sleepless uigbt came upon the men, they hadiat least the roadway to lie upon. But!what of the unseen women who panted peneath low, flat roofs and red brick walls ? And what of the children ?—for where the women are there are the children also. 