Wesleyan Church Anniversary. The anniversary celebrations in con nection with the Rutherglen Wesleyan Church were continued on Monday evening last, when a tea meeting and concert was held in the church. In arranging for the tea, the bachelors were in competition against the ladies, the latter having charge of two tables and the bachelors one. Previous to the evening each party worked exceptionally hard, the young men of the church being determined to show the ladies that they were quite capable of looking 1 after the comforts of a home, at least so far as the requirements of the table were concerned, and there is but little doubt that those in charge were equal to the task. It was indeed hard to decide which of the tables were laid out the best, that of the ladies or the gentlemen, and the general opinion was that honors were equally divided. One feature of the bachelors’ table was a handsome wedding cake, but we have not yet been informed if any young lady was brave enough to prepose to the head of the table in order to secure the cake for her wedding feast—this is a secret kept from the press. The attend ance at the tea was exceptionally good, and the tables had to be re-laid a second time. The tables were in charge of the following ladies and gentlemen:—No. 1 (Ladies’)—Mesdaraes Wilson, Westlake and Miss R. Robins. No. 2 (Bachelors’) —Messrs Jones, Nicholas, Knuckey and ; English. No. 8 (Ladies’) — Misses i Scholes (2), Westlake, and Mrs Coglan. I After tea a concert was held, the Rev , F. Lade presiding. Mr Lade gave bui ) a brief address, and congratulated the j members on the excellent report thal f their secretory (Mr W. Westlake) hac e prepared 1 it was one which the mem y bers of the church should welcome wit! e joy. The Rev Carlton (Presbyterian F stated that he was pleased to be presen' I and glad to hear that the church worl a had been so successful, more so as i e still better report was expected nex r year. In the course of a very interest s ing address, Mr Carlton pointed ou b. that ministers were “ policemen,” am II he thought as moral policemen it w»: !e their duty to see that the town wa ie made a moral one. They had heard c le the Borough Council saying that th d town was in a sanitary condition, bu h he contended that the town was no >f only in a sanitary condition physically :s but it was also “ sanitary” in a mort i- sense. He had only been a short tim y in the district, but found, as in othe n towns, that there were certain thing i, that required the Christian man an ft woman to put his or her foot on. I in had been said that we are over-churchin sy in Rutherglen, but he gave that stab Df ment a very emphatic contradictior n As one who had come into the districi ?r he was willing to co- operate with othei fc. in working in the Lord’s cause to sav i- the boys and girls, and the advancemen le of the town. The following programm if was presented during the evening ,e Anthen, by the choir; recitation, Mis st Cox ; song, Miss Smith ; annual repor ■h Mr Westlake; recitation, Mr Thompsoi ai chorus, the choir; song, Miss Loftus 19 recitation, Miss Robins; recitation, M If F. Lardner. Mr Jones moved a vote c J thanks to the ladies and gentlemen wh t. had worked so hard to make the aun versary a success, and also to those wh ,e had contributed towards the evening’ I? enjoyment. The motion was seconde 3\. by Mr Baker and carried by acclama IR tion. The singing of “God Save th \- Queen” brought a very pleasant gather 11 ing to a close. ^ The following is a copy of the fourtl ‘ annual report, as read by Mr Westlake: ,f Ladies and Gentlemen,—It is with jo; and gladness and reverential thankfulness ti 8 Almighty God for his providential care dur '■ ing another year that. I bring this fourtl y annual report before you. We have during th j past year realised the truth of God’s promise in a fuller measure than any preceding yea of this our church. Sickness has visited botl pastor and people and faint hopes were belt of recovery, but our God heard the prayers o His people and ou this our anniversary oc e casion we rejoice in the fact that there is no if a chair left vacant in any of our homes dur ing the past year. Our services have beer carried on as usual, and many blessed times r we have had in this building while holding s fellowship together, and Father, Son and s Holy Ghost has been our guest. The wort p during the past year has been one of the mosl blessed that we have yet experienced. Then has been a fairly good harvest gathered in ; :l many of our elder Sunday School scholarr i1 have been brought to a saving knowledge oi , the truth, and are standing firm for God and t our church and are going out to do the Master’s work. We are also glad to reporl ' that many elder people have decided for f Christ during the year, and to-day our church _ membership is larger than ever before. Our # church is in a very healthy state spiritually, and “ may the spirit of God continue to work • among the people” is the prayer of our ■ church. You know of the good work done by our Sunday School, which has already j been touched upon. Our class meetings are blessed times of refreshing from the hand of ; our Father God. The weekly prayer meet ings are blessed times to the believer’s soul, s and we would gladly welcome all who could „ make it convenient to attend. The Christian Endeavour Society is also doing good work for the Master; this is the young people’s * class, but older ones are always welcome, i This society undertakes the charitable work of our church—in helping the poor and needy, visiting the sick and .welcoming new ' comers to the services of the church Our preaching services, as you are aware, are always fairly well attended, and the good feeling which exists between the preachers and people is an evidence of our zeal, and we are led to say, “ How amiable is thy Taber nacle, Oh Lord of Hosts.” In our ministers we have men of sterling worth. The Rev Frank Lade is one whom we have learned to love and respect; as a preacher, you all know his ability. He is an earnest and faithful ex ponent of the word of God, and his earnest desire is to build up the church of Christ and the salvation of the world. We are glad to know that he has accepted an invitation to remain with us another year. Our esteemed pastor and missionary, Mr W. T. Jones, has done good work for the Master since he has heen amongst us, and we pray that God’s richest blessing may r<-st upon him. Our local preachers are men that we may well be proud of, for their faithful service to God and our church. There are those of our local workers who deserve special mentiou, and we have much pleasure in placing on record the i energy displayed by Mr J. H. Clarkson, church steward and superintendent of our Sunday school, who also assisted in the choir and often occupied the pulpit; Mr Wilsou, who besides taking his regular appointment on our plan, displayed great ability as choir leader and in doing other important work in our church; also to Mr Bone, for cleaning and lighting the church during the year free of cost. The aspect of our report will, we are sorry to say, have to deal with regrets instead of pleasure. In the first place, we regret to inform you that Mr W. Gumming, who dis played great ability and charmed all the music-loving people of the district by render ing in perfect style the “ Hallelujah Chorus" and other high-class compositions last year, has, through his medical adviser, had to re frain from taking any active part this year in the musical programme. It is with very deep regret that we, as a church, learn that our talented organist, Miss R. Trainor, is about to resign her position, as her domestic duties prevent her from being away from home so i much ; this young lady has filled the duties of organist with' credit to herself and with greet ability. May the blessings of the most 1 High God rest upon her. The financial re port of our church is not all that we would wish, still we have great need for thankful- < aess. Xhq chord* has now & scheme o? ] debentures issued and already over £ SO lias been promised, so that in a year or two we hope to wipe off our local debt of £100 —I have the honor to be, ladies and gentlemen, yonr humble servant, W. Westlake, secre tary for trustees. 