The Catholic Press and the Catholic World. ' The Best Ammunition Wherewith to Fight the Enemy.' THE STORY OF THE FEARLESS PEN : BY VERY REV. FATHER TREACY, V.G. To realise what a powerful agent is the diffusion of Catholic literature and the in fluence of the Catholic press, in building up the spiritual edifice in any country, and the binding together in adamantine form its various sections, I would say ' Leva in cirouiti oculos tuos,' Look to Germany, France, Belgium, Italy, America, England, or any other country, where the Church has had to fight hard battles for religious liberty, or to overcome the effects of bigotry and unreasoning prejudice, and you will find that she invariably looked forward to an intelligent, fearless, Catholic press, and the spread of Catholic literature, as the best ammunition wherewith to fight the enemy ; at least as far as human agency was necessary for victory. We have only to take a glance at the history of Germany for the past 50 years, to see the power and influence of the Catho lic press, in the marvellous strides made by the Church there despite opposition, and at times even dire persecution, and wt» shall be convinced that the pen is mightier than the sword, or to quote the words of the poet, ' The fearless pen has more sway o'er mou than the murderous cannon's roar.'' Even that indomitable champion of the Church's rights and liberties, Count Windhorst, would be powerless to achieve such brilliant victories were id hou onus u wiuoiy uuuu lating Catholic press ably and devotedly seconded all his political efforts, And especially in educating the people to the absolute necessity of united action at the polling booths to return members to Parlia ment, who would pledge themselves to do justice to the down-trodden and oppressed Catholic cause. A few years ago, when travelling through America on a long train journey from Salt Lake City to Chicago, I fell in with a very interesting companion, i\ German Catholic, a highly-informed and most intelligent man. And when speaking to him of the triumphs of religion in the German Empire, especially of recent years, he said to me with great earnestness and emphasis, 'If the Catholic Church in my country can boast of its great increase in perfeoo organisation, in numerical strength, and Christian education, under God it is mainly due to the circulation and influence of the Catholic press and Catholic books, Along the valley of the Rhine, where wus situated my ancestral home, and, as far as I was aware, in every parish in Germany, the arrival of the weekly Catholic paper in every Catholic household was looked for ward to with as anxious an expectation as if a long-absent member of the family was returning homo,' The thought that sprang to my mind was ' 0 ! would that the saimi could be said of every Catholic homo in Australasia.' The Catholics of Germany, from a very insignificant body CO years ago, to-day number .19,000,000 or 20,000,000, or well nigh one-half of tho population! of! the groat German Empire, And in no part ot the world, in proportion to tho number of Catholics, are there so many Catholic news papers and periodicals in circulation as in Germany. And as a oonanquonoe in no part of the Universal Church, ia there such a spirit of union, nob only in spiritual, but in matters politiaal also, as among Gorman Catholics. To the great power ana influenoo of the Oalholio press in his dominions, to that thoroughly organised and united body of twenty million Catholics, and to their world-renowned ' Centre party ' in Parlia ment, tho present strong-minded occupant of the Imperial German throne looks for- ' ward for success in tho crusade against the destructive principles of socialism and anarchy, All honour, them, to tho episco pate and priesthood, and representative Catholic laity of Germany, where untiring efforts in tho spread of Catholic literature have been crowned with such brilliant mid' ooss. In Belgium, too, what glorious i'qhuIIh have been reaped through tho spread of Catholic literature, and through the agency of tho Catholic press, And in France of late years a great awakening has taken place tvs to the absolute necessity of ex posing through tho press tho dangers to society from socialism, freemasonry and anarchy, which for such a long period have been eating at the very vitals of the once great Catholic nation. The voice of that fearless, devoted, champion of the liberties of the Church in France, the 'La Croix,' is unfortunately now silent. No better proof could be given of the good it was doing than the loud cry raised for its suppression by the infidel gang, whose tactics it held up to the light of day. It called on the Catholics of the country to meet the enemy at the polling booths and arrest from bhe grasp of infidel politicians the power of trampling upon Catholic France. Bishops and clergy would no doubt have warmly supported the laudable sugges tions of 'La Croix' and other Catholic journals, but dare not. And the few who did have paid the penalty. The clergy of France are gagged by an infidel Govern ment, aud held in fetters, and shall be as long as (to my mind) that corroding link of connection between Church and State exists. In Italy the Catholic press is growing in influence, and the episcopate and clergy recognise in it the most powerful agent, in uprooting socialism and that dreadful school of anarchy that has flourished there since the Government commenced that in cessant persecution and spoilation of the Church some 30 years ago. Aud in America the Church has received great assistance from the spread of Catholic literature and the influence of the Catholic press in her crusade against godless educa tion and divorce and benighted bigotry. During the short but inglorious career of that infamous association known as the 'A.P.A.,' the most powerful agent in its suppression was that widely- circulated and ably-written paper, the San Francisco ' Monitor.' The ' Monitor ' and the other Catholic papers, together with most of the respectable secular press were chiefly in strumental in exposing to ridicule and con tempt the dastardly and calumnious charges made against tho Church by the infamous A. P. A. And in England what shall I say of tho impetus given to tho Catholic cause by the circulation of Catholic books and periodicals and a devoted Catholic press. What shall I say of the influence on educated Pro testants of such a learnedly-written paper as the ' Tablet.' And who can enumerate the good results achieved by tho vast circulation of that most excellent paper, the world renowned 'Catholic Times.' A paper that finds its way into almost every Catholic home in England, and not only so, but into thousands of Protestant homes also, A paper whose powerful influence is not confined to tho vast dominions of the British Empire, but extends far beyond them. How much in herited bigotry, unreasonable prejudice and deep-rooted distrust of everything Catholic, have its lucidly written articles and digni fied controversial paragraphs helped to dis pel, In its columns you will find a faithful record of tho Church's difficulties, her trials and her triumphs, not in this or that par ticular locality, but throughout tho world. To my mind the Liverpool ' Times' is a most ideal Catholic paper, England for centuries has been inundated with a literature simply teeming with calumny and bitter invective against tho Church and everything Catholic, Even her history, according to one who studied it well, and was highly competent to pro nounce an opinion upon it, was for 300 years nothing short of a vast conspiracy against tho truth. Tho Church was repre sentod as the one great enemy of science and human progress ; tho groat enslaver of tho human mind, and tho corrupter of true religion. Tho small remnant that was left of tho once glorious Catholic fold in Eng. land was too enfeebled, too impoverished, and too downtrodden to even make an at tempt, except a very isolated one, in defence of the truth, But at last, when the days of her Egyptian bondage partly passed away, and the sun of liberty began to shed rays upon her, bishops, clergy and laity vied with each other in proving to Protestant England, through their writings, that the Church which drew all the nations of Europe and so many others out of barbarism and idolatry into the effulgent light of the Gospel, and had from the very lips of her Divine Founder the promise that the Holy Ghost would be her teacher, in her difficult office of guiding securely to their eternal destiny the souls of men — that Buoh a Church could not be the oorrupter of a pure revelation, but its zealous guardian and un compromising defender; thai a religion which in ages gone by Christianised and civilised the savage Goth, the bloodthirsty Hun, and the fierce Vandal— a religion which in every age and clime elevates, refines and purifies all that is noble in the heart of man— could not be the enslaver of the human mind, but on the contrary its emancipator ; that a church which built all the great cathedrals, not alone in Europe, but of the world ; and founded and endowed all the Universities and great schools of Europe, oould not be the enemy of art and science, but on the contrary their promoter and proteotor. The Church once trampled on and des pised in England, to-day holds an honoured, if not the most honoured place in the British Empire. Her doctrines and cere monies once banished and proscribed, are being brought back one by one, and if not practised in their Catholic sense, are at least imitated by the most learned, the most respectable, and most religious section of English Protestantism. Every notable family in England, from the present reign ing dynasty down to the last on the long list, has given one or several members to the Catholic Church within the last fifty years ; and during that time over two thousand clergy men and their families and tens of thousands of the laity have returned to the faith of their fathers ; many of them, such as Newman, Manning, Faber, and Hope Scott, intellectual giants of the picked brain of Europe, Rancorous bigotry, too, and bitter prejudice are fast dying away, and all this marvellous change has, under God, in great part been due to the wide cir culation of Catholic literature, and the powerful influence of the Catholic press, And, indeed, truly wonderful are the results which have been achieved by the publications of the Catholic Truth Society alone — a society which, I am sure, will receive the most heartfelt sympathy and support from every bishop and priest in Australasia. And though last but by no means least what shall I say of our own able and devoted Catholic press, is not its praise to be found in all the churches ? And much though it has done for the cause of religion in the past far greater results may be looked forward to in the future, if tho episcopate and clergy of Australasia are united in tneir efforts for its promotion, as I have no doubt they will bo. And without for a moment presuming to dictate to the dirootors or editors what a paper should be, in order to have a strong claim on the sympathy and united support of bishops, priests and people, I will presume to say that it mu«t be written in a bright and attractive style, that it should contain secular as well as re ligious information, but that only of an interesting kind. That while keeping us in touch with tho politics of the old world, too much spaoe should nob bo given to what has only a looal interest, That wo may look forward without disappointment to its oolumus for interesting Catholic news from all parts of bhe Ohuroh. That ib should be at all times, when necessity demands it, fuarlosB. and outspoken In matters political as well an religious Its inspiring motto should ever bo 'Fiat Juabioiu, si met orulum.' It should demand and that with all the power and emphasis it is ottpablo of, when ouoiituoi) oli'ors, that thoir just pro portion ia till government and 'civil ap pointments bo given to Catholics who aro competent bo fiH thorn, Nob to speak of nor immense outlay for her innumerable* ohiiribios tho Uatholio Ohurch in Australasia BiweB tin? different) governments not lens than £400,000 annually by educating its own children ; and yob wo ofben find that those same children, whoso education cost the State not one penny, and whose parents were unjustly taxed to support State schools, in which they could not conscientiously have them taught, are often cast aside when civil or government offices are to be filled. And that through prejudice, po- litical intrigue, or masonic influence. How often in 18 years have I heard it said : ' Oh he is a first rate officer, one of tho cleverest men in his department, but he can never rise beyond a certain position, his religion debars him becoming a Freemason, and that solves the question,' And this behold you, amongst a people who vaunt so much of glorious British liberty and fair play. No wonder we should ardently desire a power ful, fearless press to fight our battles against such injustice. Without for a moment wishing to intrude on the domain of the learned paper to be read on 'How to promote a. religious press,' I may be permitted to make one or two suggestions on this subject. No matter what may be now written or spoken on this all-important matter, no results will follow unlesB their Lordships, the Bishops, take united action in making some definite arrangement for giving effect to the j suggestions which will seem most practical, and request their devoted olergy to loyally co-operate with them. If I may presume to do bo, I will take the liberty of suggesting first that the Bishop of each diocese request the priests in charge of parishes or districts to make a list of all the Catholic house holders in their charge, and to ascertain in how many of them Catholio papers or periodicals were to be found, and in those homes— and, alas ! their name is legion— where none were to be met with, to use every means at their disposal, both from the pulpit and on their visits, to induce such people to become subscribers to some Catho lic paper or periodical, and to furnish them selves with a ready and most inexpensive means of being able to give a reason for the heaven-born faith that is in them, by having at hand, for a Jew pence, some of the few tracts issued by tho Catholic Truth Society, especially those bearing on controversy. And how necessary that such instructive litera- ' ture should find its way into our Australian homes, where so many mixed marriages are to be met with, Then on his visitation in each parish, by a glance at the aforesaid list, bhe Bishop oouki see how many homes were furnished with Catholic literature, and how many were not. And no doubt the united counsel of the Bishop and priests of the parish would bo able to devise a means by which tho careless aud indifferent in this matter would be brought to see the neces sity and advantnge of it. beoondly, another faotor, and, to my mind, a practical one, to keep the ball rolling onco it is started, is to procure in each parish an intelligent agent who would zealously co-operate wita the priests and the proprietors of Catholio journals in advancing their circulation. And that a liberal commission be hold out as in ducement, for the labourer is worthy of his wages. And, thirdly, that a stringent rule be made that the subscriptions to any paper or periodioal be collected nob annually but regularly every quarter. Most of our people are not possessed of a largo share of this world's goods, and if their subscription bo Oatholio journals or periodicals bo allowed fco run on for a year or so, as is sometimes the case, then, when payment is insisted on, they beoamo most indignant, and give orders to stop the paper at onoe. I have kno-vn this to happen frequently. Whereas the few shillings to be paid quarterly would never be felt, and would be given moat cheerfully. Afte,r 18 years' experience of missionary life in Australia, I oan say, and that with sorrow, that there aro innumerable Oatholio homes where not a shred of Catholic literature of any kind is to bo found, exoopb tho Ohuroh prayer-book, and that very frequently in a rather unsightly con dition. Have wo nob a graib mission in the future to suoh people. How oan they love, honour, revere and defend their Heaven born faith when they know so little about it? Is ib not our duty bo open thoir eyes to the golden treasure they poafioss in boing placed in the barque of Pofcer — that indestructible ark of salvation built by God Himself, and launched by bho hand of Jobus Christ into tho ooetin of this world, to oarry immortal souls securely through tho deluge of sin and misery, to the Ararat of eternal rest, It is said of tho illustrious Bishop of Hippo, St. Augustine, that gazing at the imago of Christ crucified, with his hoivrb on firo with lovo, he uoorl to frequently cry out UO my Jesus, Thou art not loved because Thou aro noti' known,' Whab that groat doobor said of his Divine Master 1400 years ago may well bo applied bo tho Hpouso of Christ to-day, ♦? O I Ohuroh of tho Living God I Pillar and Ground of Truth I Beautiful Bride of tho Lamb, if Thou aro nob loved ib is beoaueo Thou aro no Is known.' A lady reproaonbabivo of the Equitable Life Assurance of tho United States will be pleased to call on ladles and give full par ticulars ro lif» assuranoo for themselves, or endowments for thoir children, Address ? Mrs, GoofFroy Harper, Equitable Buildings,, Goorgo-stroot, Sydney, 