ffHEKMTB*. 'Thr writer has ifeen the South African 'native, commonly called Kafir, in all bis Varying phases, Id liis wild state, WritoarifiSefc and wholly so. He lias .seen tbe native at liis best and at Iris woret— wnta-mted by the touch of civili Watfbn and soiled by its proxi mity ? Tlie Ka6r, in his uncivilised Btate, isan overgrown child, VJ& childish foibles and shortcomings, ©ol let Kim learn tbe vices of civilisa tion, let turn realise the evil there is Hn him, let him. discover that there is a broaa path leading to destirtfc tion — and yon Vrtft find a fully ?civilised being, as capable ia 'certain direction as is the white man It Is a fact that v*ere the Kafir is per tnitted to dwell in -primeval ignorance, with none to warn him against vices 'Ke 'knows nothing about* lie remains a ^rood Christian, even though he is ignorant of doctrinal disputes ana1 the ineaningof higher criticism. . . A etudy ttf the feafir is 'astuay of the shaman being. And what is more, be fag been grossly and shamefully taaltreated. . _ As for the taorality of the Kafir— Itbftt differs according to the tribe and its proximity to civilisation. The -Zulu jsyimintibtij rfrjiuous. Infraction & *b© law of morality is punished by ideath. The culprit* »re placed on Uie ground with their respective beads Vesting on a-nat*tone. Then their Pleads are crashed with another stone. jbn the, other hand, the Hottentot Wring Wn a dose companion ot the white ittan, » tMe 'most immoral and 'depraved human tadng perhaps in ?eristerfSs. Tbe Mtfeebtes are moral, so are the Basutos and the Mashon&B.; -O,e Bechuan&K; are tecs feb, ahd tlfe bushtneb tank neit to the despised Hottentots. Tbat thei latter are a* bad as stated is evident when the Zulus *$ll#»otwork in the same VtUi lone riot steep iittbft -*MhV tooiu or Wrafi Nearly atf die tKbes fcaire the Hottentots and bushinen, are cleanly, ilie Zuins particularly so. The Zulu £oes \n bathing l»tce a day: He 'cleanses his Veeth'-wiUl milk at sunrise »nd again Ht sunset All the tribes, feveA those $artiaHy civilised*, bfeifeve in ghosts and spirits. Many worsblp; ttie 'spinft bl the departed. Still fathers are retish worshipper*. The tnosi advahbed tribe U the Basutb nation, in which there are fifty ihoaBana* Christian's, with obfe honored fcnd forty four schools. Strict a* 'are the laws against the indiscriminate selling of liquors to natives, they are yet able to obtain all they want. And wli«rtb«ir-eupply of ordinary rum and whisky runs short they manufacture the notorious Cape Smoke, which is tiie great curse of the Basutos, and, in fact, of every other tribe. Cape Smoke must be tasted to be appreciated — provided the person thus ex perimenting survives. For be it known that Cape Smoke consists of wood alcohol, red pepper and sulphuric acid. This terrible concoction is relished by the Kafirs as no European drink is — they have not yet been civilised up to the level of the American ' mixed drink.' But to return to the Basutos. For more than one hundred years this tribe has been undergoing a process of forcible civilisation. Good men and women have sacrificed their lives to the noble cause. Jnst before the present war began, there was a gathering of Indunas, or native priests, near the Free State border. Thou sands of ' Christian ' natives attended. Two oxen were brought into a ring formed for the purpose. One of the animals was snow white, representing the British. The other, coal black, represented the Boers. With weird incantations and wild dances, the Christianised Basutos skinned the poor oxen alive. The white ox succumbed after five hours of terrible agony ; the black one lived for nearly a day and a night. The gods of the ' Christian ' Basutos had answered the oracle — the Boers wofcld win. The Kafir is a stoic. With him, what is, is. I have seen the Zulu's toe crushed l-y a rock. Calmly he cut the injured member off, tied the wound up with a rag, and then as calmly resumed work. This stoicism it is that makes the Kafir such a formidable foe. Tbe native does not know his own power — due to numerical superiority. Arm him with modern weapons and you build Fraukenstein, who will prove as terrible a conundrum as Mrs. Shelley's monster. For despite his schooling and Christianising and civilising, tho Kafir reuiaius a Kafir, unable to forget his wrongs, and held in leash only through fear of the white man's death-dealing weapons. Even now tbe Basutos are considering the advisability of Attacking tbe side that will lose in the campaign between the contending white men. Ijet the British be defeated a few more times, and even tbe loyalty of the Basuto chief,' Lerothodi, will not be able to ; stem the tide. Tlie only preventive of open hostility, even at this writing, is . the parliamentary form of government of the Basutos. One word more; the black question in South Attica j will yet prove a far more serious question than the black question in the South. As the white man must shoulder the blanre, it is his burden.— SeietUiJte American. 