OUR SERIAI; STORY. # -- [EüBUSHED BT SPECIAL ABBAXGEMEKT.] THE GODDESS : A DEMON. BT BICHARD MARSH, Auttjor cf " tn lull Cry." «« The Beetle." " A. JSiyc tery," "Tbe Crime aaä the Cninuuu, "The Datchet Di-nnonde," " Frivolities," «tc, ¿kc. [CO PT EIGHT. 3 - CHAJPTEB XXII.-À MIBACLE. The hustling throng came quickly forward. lu its midst someone was being propelled towards the entrance. Although he was shouting at the top of his voice, he appeared to be offering no actual resistance, but seemed rather to be regarding thé proceedings as a joke. In spite of the hubbub Mv. "Bernstein's accents reached .my ear.' "Did you ever hear anything like him P Isn't he a beauty P And that's the man who's had I don't know how much cash out of me ; a hatf ul ! And that's bow he goes onî" v I was indifferent to Mr. Bernstein's lamentations. - As the crowd came nearer. I was beginning to ask myself if I was dreaming; if, again, I was about to become'the victim of a nightmare im-' agining. I turned to Miss Moore. "Hadn't you-better goP Hadn't I better--get you out of this f " .1 was conscious that my voice was a little hoarse. Here was clear and ie- j sonant. Although she did not speak ; loudly, it seemed to ring above the din. j " <3k> P Now P When's it's coming face to face, the light is breaking, I'm beginning to see clear, and it's my call P No, now I'll stay and play the scene right through until the curtain drops. . It was God whe made us miss that .train." " The crowd was drawing very close. Was I-asleep or waking? Were my eyes playing tricks, toy senses leaving me P What suddenly made the world seem to spin round, and round P Who was.it in the midst of tho people-the man they were hustling--who raved and screamed P Was he a creature born of delirium, or a thing of flesh and blood P ' It was from the girl at my side that recognition first came. " It's fae ! " she cried. " It's he ! " ',> It was he-the" wretch who had set UB ali by the ears-, who had foaled and duped us'; who had .played >upon us, as a last stroke,, a trick whose . nature, even yet-, F did not understand. I strode into the-crowd. " Let me pass ! Make way for.mei " They made way.1 It was well for them they did ; the strength of a dozen Sam- sons was that moment in my arms. L planted myself in front of him. ~ "How is it that you've come back from the gates of hell P " » "Ferguson! It's vou!" He bloke ; into a peal of laughter, which spoke of pain, not pleasure. " But I've not come hack. They're still stoking the fires!" He threw out his arms, as if referring to .thé'jeeríng mob, which pressed upon us. / ¡Here are the attendant demons-can't yon eee them ?" v ilcontinued standing still, regarding r '^ Jft is Edwin Lawrence, as I live. .Edwin*-not Philip." ' ^iTes, not Philip - Edwin ! " He laughed again. " Would you.like to see the strawberry mark f It's there." "What is this game in which you hare been taking a hand?" "It's'a game of my own invention .and hers 1" He made an upward move- ment with his hand. "Itwasfrom her the inspiration came. She named the. stakes, iratned the ruleB, . started the game, watched the play - and with both eyes she's watched it eyer since. These eyeB of hers ! They never sleep, and never blink or wink, but watch, watch, . watch, all the time. They Ve watched me ever since the game began. They're watching now ! She haunts and hounds me-into the train, and out of it. She's here now-enjoying the joke.. Hark ! Can't you hear her ?" He stopped to listen. I heard .nothing ont of tue common, though it seemed he did. " That's ber laughter!" He-broke into discordant merriment. " I play the part of Echo. She bas me, body, soul, and 6pirit ; and she thinks it sucha j«Bt !" He spoke ás men do in fevers. I could see that there were some about us who set him *dowü as mad. There were those who jeered, as fools will at the sight' of a man's anguish, when, in the abandon- ment of his shame, he trails his soul in the duBt. I had seen persons in his case before, He waa not mad, as yet, but on the border line, where men fight with demons."He had been drinking, to drive them back ; but they had come the more, threatening, on every hand, to shut him in for ever. He knew What it was they threatened. It. was the anguish -of the knowledge which caused the sweat to stand in beads upon his brow. The railway officials, I fancy, took it to be a case - of incipient delirium tremens. A person in authority ad dressed -himself to toe. "Are you a friend of this gentleman's, sir?" " " I know bim well." " Are yon willing to undertake^ the charge of him P Ton «es fae's not. in a fit state to go about alone." " TU take charge of him.", * " Then you'll be so goodes to remove him from the Station nt once. He's already given . us more than sufficient trouble/' - Lawrence interposed, with what ho in tended to be an assumption of the grand manner. "My good Mr. Bailway-porter, or whatever, you may be, I will remore my- self from your objectionable station with- out any hint from you.' My destination was Ostend, and is now Pimlico. This is an acquaintance of mine, who owes mc £1,880 ; but I don't require him to take charge of me. There already is some- body who does that. Can't yt u bear her? That's her langhing." " Come,".I said, " Let's get into a cab." " Thank you, I prefer walking.. Noth- ing like exercise when you are liverish. Are you alone?" Miss Moore came through the crowd. "No; I am with him." He stared at her, as if in doubt j then with sudden recognition. "Ah! It-is the sister of the brother -the affectionate relative of our de.r.. Tom-the beautiful Miss Moore ! It is like a scene out of one of the. plays, in which you are the bright, particular »Uv. The ghosts ure gathering round. You were there, you saw ber P " "WhoP" "The Goddess!" " Was it-* Goddess P" " That's a demon P " .". What do you mean ?" She took me by the una. " Ask him what be mcaus." Lawrence answered. "It's not a thing the meaning of which can.be clarified by words. Come, and you shall see ; come together-Mr.' Ferguson and you." She looked at joe, inquiry in her eyes. I questioned him. " Where do you propose to take us P " " To a little place of mine, where the Goddess is." "What J is this stuff about , the Goddess?" " Gome, and you shall see." 1 glanced at her. " Let's go," «he said. He caught her words. " There speaks the lady who would leam ; the woman possessed of the spirit of inquiry." ; I repeated my former suggestion. " Let's get into a cab." But be declined. "No, I'll bare none of your cabs, i'll walk. I'm cribbed, cabined, and con fined out in the open; in a cab I'd stifle. There's a hand upon my heart, a grip upon my throat* a weight upori.my head; they make it bard to breathe., i'll be in . CIOBO : quarters- soon enough ;. f U keep out ot .them as long'as I can." ' I turned to tbe .officials. "Can'tyou keep these people back-P I dont want to hare them-following us through the streets. The man's not drunk, ..be's ill." " I should get him' into a cab." Lawrence, hearing what the fellow said, rushed at him in a fit of maniacal fury, repeating, in a crescendo scale, " You'd get me into a cab ! You'd get me into a cab ! You'd, get me into a cab ! I'd kill you first." The man shrank back, as if fearful that bis last hour had come. ' We went out of the station, a motley ¡ crowd, Lawrence with Miss Moore and me close at his heels ; behind, before, on either side, a miscellaneous assemblage .f fools. I would have prevented her from coming, had I had my w'ay, I told her so at starting. But she ' whispered in my ear, " I'm not afraid. Are you P " "I am afraid for you-of these black- guards; of the mood he's in; of where he's taking us; of what may happen. I don't know what'Sevil's trick it is he bas been-playing, but I'm sure it is a devil's i trick*, and there may he worse to come." .Tm safe with you." *'I doubt it." * I "But lam sure. The light is coming; ] I'd like to see the forightnessof thejday, for mine honour's sake, which I thought might be a consideration, perhaps with Îou. Still rm under orders. If you id me I will go. But-mayn't I come P" I could deny her nothing which she asked in such a tone, though it were an apple out of Eden.«*But I was gruff. " Then take my arm." «I'd like to." I know I was a fool, and should have ! forbidden her to go with us, nor have allowed her, wheedle as she might, to have run the risk of what might be to come ; ! but when I felt her little hand upon my I arm, I would not have had her take it off again, not-not for a great deal. When we bad gone a little way from j the station. Mr. Bernstein, corkscrewing I his , way through the crowd, reached Lawrence's side. Apparently, although he had mude an effort to screw his courage to the sticking point, he waa still ! sot quite satisfied as to the sort of recept- ion which-he might receive; he spoke with such an air of deprecation. " Now, Ted, dear boy, don't be shirty, it's only me. Do take my advice-be careful 1 Don't go too far 1 _Be reason- able, and 111 be the best friend you ever bad, as I always bavé been; only do pull up before it's too late 1" Lawrence, standing still, addressed himself to the crowd. " Geatleman--»and ladies 1-because 1 believe there are some ladies among you -real ladies 1-allow me to introduce to yon Mr. Isaac Bernstein,, usurer, Jew, who makes a specialty of dealing in forged bills. He keeps a Behool for forgers, whare young penmen are trained in the delicate art of imitating other people's signatures. He's been the cause of many a good man's being sent to gaol; where, one 4ay, as eure aa he's alive, WU go to join them." Hr. Bernstein stammered «nd etat- j te red. j "Don't-don't talk tome like that!; The-the man's stark mad!" : ] " Not yet. Still sane enough to make . the world acquainted with Isaac Bern stein, trafficker in forgeries." With his open palm he struck the Jew j a resounding blow on either check. The people roared with laughter. I turned to the lady. " You see ? I must go to him, I sbaH ; hare to leave you." "We will go together." She kept close to my side as I went j forward. I expected to see Lawrence re- j peat his assault Bernstein stood look- ing nt him, motionless," gasping for breath, as if he were' on tba verge of an apoplectic fit. Taking him by tbe shoulder I sent him spinning off th.) pavement. " Leave him alone. ,The fellow will get bis desserts elsewhere.*' Lawrence clapped his hands like a child. " Bravo ! Twirl him round-roll him in the mud! She enjoys it; can't you hear how she's laughing P" He wised his hand' in. au attitude of attention. " , " I can hear nothing." " But I can." Hiss Moore spoke from behind my shoulder. "lean hear it.-' " What do you mean P" * " It which was present in the room ; It which did it all; the sound which we heard in the Fulham Road just now. Listen ! Can't you hear it, too f " It might hare been my imagination probably was-but, as she .spoke, I cer tai ily did think that I'recognised, tis if it issued from the lips of someone who was within reach pf where we stood, tbe woman's laughter which had in it so singnlar and disagreeable a quality. It had on me a most uncomfortable effect. I returned to Lawrence, fearful lest, if I was not careful, the proceedings might take a shape in which I might relish them less even than I did at present. "Come! Let's be moving. " With pleasure. Life is movement, and exercise is the thing for the liver." ' " What is the address of the place to which you are-taking usP " , He laid his finger against his nose. "That's .a secret which I wouldn't .divulge for worlds. Them's a lady there -a goddess ! And a demon ! Would you nave me tell all the world where, she's to be found, as if she were a person of no reputation. She's with me all the : tinte ; she never leaves me for. a moment alone; and yet, all the-while, she waits J for me at home. , That's ;" to have' a familiar in attendance, if you please." I made no reply. That his words had meaning, and were not the mere ravings which they seemed, X did not doubt. I was asking myself what was the solu- tion of the problem to which they pointed, and was still obliged to own that I had no notion. I had,' also, my attention partly occupied by my efforts to. keep the rabble from a too close at- tendance on the lady, whose little hand again caressed my arm. Lawrence;-was swinging along at a good round pace, his hat a little at the Sack of his head, his eyes, lips, every muscle of his face ' wei's 4n a constant motion. His "arms were as if they had been hung on wires, which continually thrust them thia way and that. He was, not for a moment still.. . Tf not speak- ing aloud, he muttered to himself.. Pre- sently he began upon a theme which I would have thanked him to have avoided. ".So Ferguson you are a humourist practical and actual. Tve been reading the news-still sane enough to'read the papers-how you locked the coroner in his court. I'd haré- given one of Bern- stein's forged bills to have-been there to see, though it was~on -me that they were sitting. I thought^ I never should bave done laughing. - And she-the Goddess -she's laughing .-still." . " * - : The lady .put a question. " I' Whafe that he's-saying. .'He's telling about some nonsense which he saw in the papers." -Lawrence interposed. . "Nonsense he calls it! And excellent nonsense, too ! Haven't you heard? Has no one told you ? Don't you know P Charming sister of my dear friend Tom, to- day the coroner's been sitting on my corpse-as I live, upon my corpse ! Fer- guson's been there as witness. They wanted bim to say, _it seemB, that you had killed me-yes,"you, with your own two small hands. But he wouldn't. He said he'd see them - warmer first ; as warm as I am now. I can't think where at this time of the year, the heat can come from. I'm on fire inside and out. So they talked of sending him to gaol. "But, bless their-.simple souls they didn't know their man; how that he was a fellow of infinite jest, For. when they talked of locking him up, he locked them up instead, 'marched straight out, turned the key in the lock/ with them on the other side of - the door-coroner -'" and jury, counsel and witnesses, audience and policemen 'JÖIB- 'whole 'noble, gallant company.» Ano! so' he left them, sitting on my corpse." As might have been expected, the rabble, wtuoh stiu hung round ns like a fringe, hearing what he said, caught something of bis : meaning. * They bandied it from month to month. "That's Ferguson, that there, tall 'bloke. He's the-core as looked the coronar up this afternoon, Imperial Mansions murder case. Didn't you hear the other blöke a-saying sof Ko lits ! Itellyouitisl" -, . While tiie guttersnipes wrangled, playing fast and loose with my ,name-, I witb> my reputation tao-the lady whispered in my ear. Despite the noise they made, I beard her plainly. " So that's why you came to fetch me Now I understand ; the secret's ont. Ifs another service you have done mel Aren't you afraid that the weight of obligation will be more than I can carry Yet you needn't fear ! They're the kind of debts I don't at aU mind owing-yoa, since one day I hope to pay them every one. "You exaggerate. And Lawrence is a fool." " Yes. So are we all fools ; perhaps that's why some of ns are wise." I liked to hear her voice ; to feel her hand upon my arm. Yet, every moment, my concern was getting greater. The crowd was growing, both in numbera and in impudence. Any second they might make an ugly rush, then there would he trouble ; and that was not a scene in which I 6honld wish the lady to play a part. Lawrence was marching on as if he meant to march for ever. I began seriously to ask myself if fae was nottplaying us still another of his tricks; if he was not leading us he himself did not know where. On a sudden, he de» termined the question by stopping before a building which, outwardly, was more like a warehouse than a private residence. "Atlast," he cried, "weare arrived. The Goddess waits for us within." " Is this your place P~" " It is-and hei*s. Enter omues 1 " He threw open the door, as if he were offering the whole crowd the freedom of the premises. I placed myself in front of it. "I'm hanged if it shall be 'enter omnes ' ! In you go." I thrust him in. " Now you and I together ! " The lady and I were across the thres- hold. I waa about to slam the door in the face of the rabble, when someone came hurrying through the crowd. A voice exclaimed : "Stop that! Don't shut that door! Let ine in 1" ' It was Inspector Symonds ; with, as it seemed, a friend or two. {To be Continued.) 