nOIOItTALTTY OF lOTLUBXCE. (By Rev. David Young, B.D.1 "By it lie being dead yet speaker."-Hebrews xi., iv. , The conception we' form of the signifi cance of life depends upon the point of view from which we look at it. We may contemplate it, for instance, as it 1ies within the limits of our earthly years "the days of our years are three score years and ten."- And the natural effect of such a view is a sense of the littleness, the paltriness, the insignificance of it all. It is difficult to read the 90th Psalm and yet avoid t'nis feeling. 'Of what real dig nity can a being be whose span of life can be illustrated only by the most evanes cent" of fleecing things? "Thou carriest them away as with a flood; they are as a sleep: In the morning they are as grass that groweth up; in the morning it flour isheth' and groweth up; in the evening it is cut down, ah'd withereth.' . . . we spend our years as a tale' that it told. Now a valuable corrective of this feel ing is suggested by our text. ; It reminds us that we are not finished with a life when we have counted up its earthly years. Life, on the side of its influence at least, knows nothing of such boundaries. Dead, a man lives on; buried, he experiences'a resurrection. By the mere fact of his being born he became part of the ocean of human life, and his influence, in "some degree and measure, will endure until that ocean is exhausted. I shall; not attempt at -this point; to describe the various and solemn, feelings with which such a view of life is calculated to inspire a man. But-this let me -say. It widens the boundaries of human life. It 'heightens its significance. It reveals its immortality , of influence. Yes. For there is an immortality even were there no heaven and no hell. Death is not all, even if in one sense _ it were all; Whatever be the final destiny of our souls, of this much be we sure, .that there is something in us lasting and en during. It is superfluous of course to say that no man could venture in the pulpit of a Christian church to east the shadow of a doubt upon the doctrine of a real and personal immortality. v We believe with all our soul thai we ., shall live again . as distinct and- definite individualities. - We cannot 'believe that God would make us isolated souls if lie me^infc to merge us at the last in some great \ impersonal ocean. That kind of immortality would satisfy neither the deepest needs of man,, nor, swe even dare to add, the. deepest purposes of God. And Christ ,, jhas recognised this 'human yearning and, is pledged to satisfy it. -"In My Father's house are many mansions; if it were not so I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you." But as regards this; personal immortality, it may be said 'that it is continually being" imprinted on the minds of men by the central doctrine of the Christian faith. So long- as the beacon light of the resurrection . 'of our Lord is shining,- so long will we have an unforgettable testimony that we do not altogether ,die. But I am not sure that we sufficiently appreciate that immor tality which is suggested by the text, the , immortality of human influence, an im mortality which no -man, least of all a Christian[ minister, would seek 'to substi tute for a personal, living one, but which at the same time it -will be well for all of us if we "do not forget. . THE -SOLIDARITY OF LIFE. For our influence does not end with death. There is an important truth which is not, indeed, the discovery of modern science, as is sometimes sup posed, hut which modern science has certainly emphasised and spread-idea of the solidarity of life. What it means is this, that, no man can .look at himself, as by himself-;; "it ^ex presses in' scientific language "what St.' Paiil 'put into a religious form when he said, "We are members one of another." We are linked not only with our own contemporaries, . owing to them a debt which many of'us never think on, but we are also linked with the past and with the future. This generation, when it started forward on its journey, did not start entirely, afresh; it started with the accu mulated wisdom and the painfully wrung out experience of all past times; it was "the heir of,all the ages." In the same way we who are living to-day are sowing seed of 'which those:who follow us will reap the harvest. It - is by the light of this 'truth that we "must read those words of Scripture, which ,may sometimes have appeared to have a harsh and angry ring-"I, ?the Lord thy God, am a -jealous God, visiting the iniquity, of thefathers upon the children unto the third and fourth- generation." I do not profess entirely to -explain those words, forgone gets humble in the presence of these mysteries of God. But this at. least we see, that if our children suffer for. our -sins, they also reap the harvest of our goodness. "What. Shall we receive good at the hand. of God, and. shall we not receive evil?" Notice, then, that-it is in virtue of this fact of the solidarity of life that our in fluence tells--upon the future.. There is no one who is- not acute enough to recog nise this influence in certain instances. The .great men - so we all admit-they do not die! The ideas of a Caivdn on the sovereignty ? of God affect the thoughts of men for many .generations; the. words of St. Paul, when he speaks of human charity, imprint themselves upon the human heart of every age; the efforts of the humble man of Metz who first invented printing are reaping an abundant harvest in every printed page to-day. Nay, is it not- -frequently the case that the influence of the great man may be said to begin only when he dies? The clouds of-envy, rivalry, and jealousy,' which obscured his true worth, disappear. Time is just, does justice, revealing the man in his true proportions and bringing out his lasting worth; and not unseldom has it placed him who was persecuted, and neglected in his age in! the very loftiest niche- of the pedestal of fame. Raphael may have influenced many,-in his day who found an inspiration in his ^wonderful Madonnas, but death gave, him a sceptre which life had never given, bringing thousands to his feet where life had brought but- tens. Few took notice of the humble tinker as he lay in Bedford Gaol and wrote immortal allegories, now the whole world knows the "Pilgrim's Progress." David in his lifetime was, the "sweet singer" of a ? small and' scattered people; now to the great heart of humanity he sings. They did a good work these men, and: like all good work it did not die, for by it they, being dead, yet speak to us. s THE ETFLUEJfOE OF THE HUMBLE MA-JT. "Ah," but some one seems to say, "Are you not forgetting two facts which it is important to remember? These men you name were the giants of the race, and the influence of the great we: admit to be far reaching. Besides, they left their work in forms which have something of enduring permanence. VThe ... painter , dies, but ,his canvas'lives; the author disappears, but his printed page remains. But what or the humble men and women, the insignificant, and unknown, of whom, after, all^ the? world is principally composed? They had no -such gifts, left no such memorials .to perpetuate their name." Unknown while they lived, in what sense can they be said to affect the world now that they are dead ancl gone? A few, it may be, mourned their death, but even by these _ they were soon forgotten; they simply disappeared, for their names were writ in water." It is not so, not so with any. man; to reason in such words is to forget how the 'human race is fashioned, to forget that the diffe rence between the great artist, author, statesman, and the humble, ordinary man is only one of measure or degree. For the humble man paints, if on nothing else, upon the hearts of men; he writes, if no where else, upon the tablets of their souls; the influence of his measures may _ have narrow limits, but within these limits it is very real. Think of the .mother statesman, author, artist .is she in her own little world. She gives her cha racter to her child, the child influences the grandchild, the grandchild moulds his child, and so the mother's work is never altogether lost. We,, are told that an earthquake in the other hemisphere will afreet the color of a London sunset. These things are parables. We cannot tell, we simply cannot tell the ultimate issues of our deeds we east them . into futurity, to* bring forth what 'harvest it is impossible to say. Only we are sure of this, that even when we arb dead, and gone we will speak in them in inspiring or discouraging tones. God calls our loved ones, but we lose not .wholly What.He lias Riven; - TUey live on earth in thought and deed as truly As ill His heaven. Of-this, posthumous influence, then, our text reminds us, but it also reminds us how that influence may be tfirned for good. . It was by rea'kon of his faith that-Abel,-be-' ins dead, could still exercise a wholesome sway, upon the characters of men long after lie himself had passed away.'.'But it being dead, he yet epeaketh." And why is it that faith has thus the power to dower the faithful with a potent influence for good? Because it brings man into con tact with the-unseen world; what eveha:bh not seen nor ear heard becomes the con stant bliss and possession of his soul. Be cause, by setting before him a Diviner life, it enables him to gain, the victory which overcomes.the lower life, with its.delusive pleasures and transient interests. Because it gives him a foundation rock of truth on which to build a strong, fair, influential character. Because it is. the greatest, power for conquest which the world has seen. Believe in the Father, and you believe in human life, its . sacred ness, and value, and importance. Believe in the Son, and you believe in truth, in holiness, in love. Believe in the Holy Ghost, and you believe in the final victory of goodness. But ,let what faith has done in the lifting up of human character be witness' to what it can do. "'''Whoso,'"' says Professor Huxley, "calls to mind What I may venture to term the bright side of Christianity - that ideal of 'manhood, with its strength,. and its pa tience, its justice, and dts pity for . human frailty^ its helpfulness to the extremity of, self- sacrifice,-, its ethical purity and nobility, which.- apostles have pictured; in which armies of martyrs- have placed their unshrinkable faitli, and . whence obscure men and women; ? like Catherine of Siena and John Knox, -have . derived courage to rebuke Popes and "Icings - is not likely, to underrate the importance of the Christian faith as a factor in human history." Yes, faith is the gate.by which We enter into the fertile fields where bloom all fair flowers of the soul; and by it men, being, dead, yet speak.to us. Dead, yet speaking; : Brethren, there are aspects of our life which we do not weigh sufficiently, and this, is one of them. We do not measilre - sometimes, I fear, we do not. think of it at all - the tremendous, and far reaching- conger quences -which 'hang upon our deeds. ; JJo man, not-the humblest and- meanest in our midst, acts for himself alone or for. the moment alone; he . has. his ' influence upon, other, inen, -and just as certainly does he afl'ect the future. By our vil lainies and vices, by our cowardices and follies, by our. .lusts and sins, we are vitiating the social atmosphere of those^ who follow us, are adding- to the .in fluences that make- for evil arid bring misery and moral ruin on mankind. So by our purity and honesty and "brave integrity of life we contribute to the influences that- make for good, and bring, peace and happiness. in their- train. ' We cannot, 'however we may try, escape these consequences of our actions, for they are inherent in the constitution of mankind. Ah, many an:act,- I ween, -has results we little guess; many a deed has consequences of which we'little dream! We cast them into the shadowy future 'to work their work, - but where or how or when we cannot tell. This only we can do-iwe can strive to make theni such that we shall not dread the Consequences whatever they may be". ' Ah,' if we' could see further and .more clearly, if we could discern all the evil evil 'breeds, and all the 'blessedness that springs from good, we would he 'fain to fall down on our knees arid prav, striving even as we pray- " ?' ' 1 - Oh. may I join the choir invisible Of thosi! immortal dead who live again In minds made tetter .by their presence 1 . . . ... . Slay-I reach That purest heaven, be to other, soula The cup of' strength in some great, agony, . Enkindle generous ardor, feed pure love, ISpget the smiles that have no cruelty, Be the swecc presence of a good- diffused, And in diffusion ever more intense. ' So.shall I join the choir invisible ,. Whose music is the gladness of the world. 