M AUSTRALIAN ACTOR ? ? ~* ? THE LATE H.N.J-OUOLAS? COMEDIAN. A SON OF THE SOIL. (By Lancelot B.) 'Mercutio's.soul is but a little way above otir \- ., heads.' \- ''?'-? — 'Romeo and, Juliet,' Shakspere. mm 1 WENTY-EIGHT years I im&ijra; ago, in the Princess's »& Bf ft Theatre, Dunedin, N.Z., Wm ? JtOigst 'Romeo and Juliet' was m^k?^S3l&& staged with1 a strong 'wMs&fonx;: cast *-y °^ ^^ Wil' '£!&flSi8;»^«lnilU liam Hoskins's ' coin ^^^^STdTlIm 'pany- It was a remark ? WjJOTlijllaJ- able. cast, in 'one parti '-^jglal]™WMi fflM=s^ cular, inasmuch as the v-rT' ?''*^^«~ even then -old Sadler's ^^ w^iik veteran contented himself vwith 4he small part of the Apothecary. It was a whim, on the part of Mr- Hoskins; who said to us 'ITli show you young actors how tne Apothecary should ',*£e played.' Thje. writer en acted Mercutio; J. BfSsteeto. Tybalt;;the late Flo rence Colville; Juliet'; /and the Romeo wa?, alas, the' late. Henry' Nathaniel Douglas— 'Nat,' as he was always styled *y his brother professionals. The announcement of. his death in. Jhe -'Evening News' a few days a!go came^ae a, painful sur prise to the writer, who first met him^in Dunedin, N.Z. (where, it appears, his death took place), only a week prior to the performance above referred to. He had arrived from Sydney to join the company; Hoskins called me to his dressing-room and intro duced u& to each other. How well I remember his words. 'Two young gentlemen,' he said, 'who only have to know to like each other.' And 't so fell out, for we were friends through all the ensuing years to the last, when I saw him away a few months back on the 6teamer bound for Tas mania and New Zealand. Be had made several trips to and fro of late years, and I remarked', 'Well, Nat, you can't keep away from the land of the' Maori. I should like to revisit it myself.' He was in a melancholy mood, and he said: 'Ah! But somehow I feel that this trip won't turn out well. I have a presentiment that it will not bo a good one for me.' He was In good health then, but his forebedings have been eadly verified, and he has made his last trip. 'Nat' Douglas -was essentially 'An. Australian Actor,' for he was born in Sydney in 1846, if I mistake not, for he said he was my junior by about a twelvemonth. I cannot call to mind now the occupation he adopted (though he has told me), but whatever it was he did not follow it long, for in 1865 or there abouts he took to the stage as a profession. From tile first, he rapidly advanced to the front, and was undoubtedly, when at his best, the premier juvenile actor in Australia. I have seen letters which he had in his possession from such great artists as Charles Kean, Charles Mathews, and others, paying high tribute to his talent He sur passed all others as a lover. With a rich, melodious voice, he threw a world of feeling and passion into his lines. Some idea of his power. in this respect may be formed by the fact that we played 'The Lady of Lyons' for three weeks, 60 fine was his rendering of Claude Melnotte. Flo rence Colville was the Pauline; Mr. Hoskins, Colonel Damas; J. P. Hydes, Glavis; the writer, Beauseant; and Miss Flora Anstead, Mme. Descha pelles. I contend that it was a record performance. We considered it marvellous fcr a piece that is never put up save for one or two nights to run three weeks. . The people had seen 'stars' in the part scores of times, and would not stand it for mere than a couple of nights; but 'Nat' enthralled them. The feminine community were in rap tures, and we — well, we liked the respite from study, and applauded our comrade's success. And yet, 'Nat,' in appearance, was not the beau ideal of the poet's creation; but he 'made up' wonder fully well, and, as has been said, his fine voice, exquisite pathos, and clear enunciation, carried all before him. I am inclined to think he was a little spoiled by his success in 'The Gardener's Son,' for he tried to improve upon his impersona tion with deleterious effect; and old man Hoskins withdrew the play, remarking that 'Nat' would get stale otherwise. The public are curious in their tastes — almost eccentric at times in their likes and dislikes, and fickle, too. There was a parallel case here in Sydney when in 1876-7 Mr. Dampier created a furore' as Hamlet, in the 'Old Vic.' People raved about it, and for seve ral months we played 'Hamlet' every Friday night. The late J. J. Bartlett enacted the Ghost on two or three occasions — Bartlett, the brilliant light comedian, with whose name old playgoers associate 'The Contested Election,' and a long list or spanning comedies. Nearly all the 'lovers' fell to 'Nat's' share for a time, and though there was much similarity (as there always is in 'spooney' parts) he made dis tinct realisms of Armand Duval ('Camille'), Pygmalion, and Prince Philamir in 'The Pa lace of Truth.' Again he was a proper Joseph Surface, imparting to the character quite natur ally the unctuous.-.oiliness of the hypocrite. He was also a demonstrative, malignant Jacob M'Closky ('Octoroon'), a capital O'Callaghan in '?His Last Legs,' and made the most out of any new unpromising part. Enough has been said to demonstrate that he was a highly talented artist, one who, while excelling. in some particular roles, i could with much faithfulness of portraiture de pict humanity in all its phases, and this I take _it_is the true test of the worth of an actor. 'Nat' Douglas, like others, felt the influence of the' influx of English actors, with the constant re lays of complete companies and fresh faces. The public hanker for a time after their old favorites, mayhap speak kindly of them, and compassionate them if ill supplied with this world's comforts, but the new generation comes pushing on, and new forms of pleasurable entertainment must be de vised. The public of to-day must be catered for. They are greedy for novelty to an extent that the public of thirty years ago never dreamt of. But this is now a rushing time, when one wonder suc ceeds another with startling rapidity, from tele phones to cinematograph'es, from wireless tele graphy to the next great marvel. And so on in this high pressure age actors come and go — go and are forgotten, for who can remember the old faces in the delight of gazing at the new, who In turn soon become like their predecessors in the panorama of life. 'Nat' Douglas of late years had not the rosy time he knew of yore — salaries came down, engage ments were not. so easily obtained, when obtained were perhaps only for the run of a piece; and so he came to find a place in minor companies do ing the provinces and suburbs, with occasionally a spell in the city. But through it all he was ever consistent, he never slummed a part, he al ways did his best, and his talent was liberally ac knowledged by all who witnessed his. impersona tions. Some people never seem to be growing older, and 'Nat' Douglas was one of those perpe tual youth embodiments. I saw little difference in him, except' perhaps less sprightliness of man ner with the graver mien that perforce accom panies age. Few men can .-. ... play the fool with mirth and laughter Let old wrinkles come — till they are in the 'lean and slippered' stage; the gravity of age will check the most thoughtless buffoon. 'Nat' Douglas retained his power of study to the last, and had the late unhappy Mr. Dacre been in possesion of such a capacity for quickly becom ing master of a long part, who knows but he and his wife might have been alive to-day! It will be remembered that Mr. Bacra was worried «rer a long part In 'The Silence, of Dean Maitlaad,' and it was thought that that had much to' do with the awful tragedy of the dual death. . ' For some years I have not seen the name of Docey' Mainwaring en a play bilL She was the_ wife of the late H. N. Douglas, and I infer that she has long retired from the stage. 'Nat' Douglas in private life was a remarkably reserved and quiet man, enjoying a joke at times, but quickly lapsing into his normal, retiring man ner. He gave me the impression at times that - he was always running over some part in his mind to him self — he was seldom without one or two in his pocket /.poor stful^-for he had litfle vrest from studyr? If his circle of friends was' limited, I have $ieyer heard anyone outside' of 'it «peak an ill word' of him, and all must feel a- passing sor row (fal ^earning that 'Nat' Douglas has passed away, ?adding one more of the old time favorites of the Australian stage to the list -of travellers to the bourne from which there is nd'*return. The Late H. N. Douglas. 