FOR VALUE RECEIVED. ''?\ B£ THOMAS COBB. {Author «f ''Brownte'a Mot.' '1iacy.Certei;'-etc.-: Commenced flsr 'evening news' op OCTOBER 26. CHAPTER XVIII— THE VICAR CON FIDES IN HIS SISTER. .No one could blame tile Vicar if be fell asleep ou his sofa this Wednesday afternoon, after lila Interview with Dr. Barry and Artnur Edenbridge. His thoughts would have been sufficient to keep most men awake; but there Eustace lay, with Fay at hie head, and Scotty curled ud on the hearthrug. Jmft there Lily found him at five o'clock, 'When she brought a cup of tea. Awakening witii a start, he at once planted his feet on the carpet so that there should be no back-sliding, and taking the cup and saucer from Lily's band, began to stir hia tea reflectively. ''Did you hear that 1 started to the Manor House to inquire after you this morning?' she asked. 'I met Arthur in the Park, and turn ed back with him. He gave a message for you, Eustace. He said there was something lhe wished me to hear about his brother; some thing you -jould tell me.' 'Why should he be in so great a hurry for you to hear?' answered Eustace. 'Well, the 'Whole village will know all about it in a few 'weeks, I suppose,' he added, as he passed his cup. 'It was Hastings Edenbridge who took S$nby Wilton away; that is the secret, Lily.' 'Hastings Edenbridge! I always thought you respected him eo highly.' Lily was already drawing a comuarison be tween the two brothers, one of whom she had never seen, greatly to Arthur's advantage. 'I did respect him.' answered the Viear. ''Indeed, I have a certain respect for him still. In sinning, he did what plenty of us do. If he had lived only two days longer, he would have made an atonement such as not cue man in ten thousad would have dreamed of.' 'What atonement was it possible to make, ISustace?' asked Lily, sadly. 'He would have married Ruby Wilton; and when her child came it would have been legi timate. To effect this marriage was the ob- 1 . ject of my visit with him to London. I should . .have obtained a special license to-day; tomor \- row they would have been man and wife. But -man proposes— God disposes.' Lily looked thoughtfully at the fire; not per ceiving what this marriage would have meant to Arthur. 'I don't know whether you understand the difference this affair would make?' Eustace continued. 'I can imagine,' answered Lily, in her inno cence, 'I can imagine his terrible disappoint ment when he learned what his brother had floae.' 'It meant more than disappointment,' Eus tace replied, gravely. 'It meant total disin heritance. Ruby's child, if Ruby were Has tings's wife, would be heir to the Edenbridge estate. Arthur's fortune depended upon the death of his brother before Ruby could he come his wife. When Hastings told his story and fob intentions Tand this was only after dinner last night). Arthur knew that he was practically, without a penny to bless himself. ' And now Lily knew why he had come to bid \- her good-bye; why, when his love had proved too strong for him, and he had been tempted to ask for hers in return, he had seemed still unhappy; why he had been so full of despair when he left her. 'Poor Ar,thur!' she exclaimed, and her eyes mere clouded. 'Lily,' said Eustace, rising to take up his favorite attitude by the fire, 'I should like to know what took place between you and Ar 6mr Edenbridge last night. I cannot help thinking there was something unusual.' 'Arthur asked me to be his wife last night, ISustace,' she replied. , Jler face was crimson, but she threw her bead proudly back and looked fairly in his face. , 'And your answer?' Eustace continued, tak ing his hands from his pockets and dropping his coat-tails as if the comfortable attitude did not suit this very discomforting new& 'I see,' he added, as he observed her trembling lip; 'I see, my child. There is no need to speak.' For a few minutes the room was so quiet you might have heard a pin drop. 'He ought to have spoken first to me,' said -the Vicar presently. 'Arthur knows that I fttand in the. position of your father.' ' 'But he did not intend to speak like that (When he came last night,' she answered, va liant in Arthur's defence. 'He came to bid j sne good-bye; only he— he could not say it. He ?was carried away, Eustace, he was indeed Then he — he asked me, and I told him yes, if you would give your consent. And, of course, I know you would do that. If this trouble of bis brother's death had not come upon him, Arthur would have asked for your consent to day.' 'Lily,' Bald the Vicar, as he pased his hand ?lowly over her fair broken hair, 'if Hastings had not died, Arthur could never have come to ask for my consent that you should be his Wife, Do you thinir he did not know I should refuse to give my sister to a man without a penny to support her? It looks as though he Were ashamed to face me even now; or why has he not come this evening?' 'You forget, Eustace,' she answered, re proachfully, 'you forget the trouble he is in, and how much he has to look after. Besides, he is going to London early to-morrow. And now I can guess what takes him there. 1 know how good he will be to that poor girl. How dreadful to nave to tell her father! Ar thur said he was going to gee Mr. Wilton this evening.' 'Did he say so?' demanded Eustace, becom ing «uddenly excited. 'Did he tell you he in tended going to Wilton's to-night?' 'Yes, he said so this morning,' she answer ed. ^ 'What madness!' Eustace exclaimed, as he Shifted Pay unceremoniously with his foot. ??What utter folllvl' ?♦Eustace,' Lily said, annoyed and partly ?tanned at his tone, 'there is something going ©n' that I do not understand. I think you Slight explain yourself. For the last few days you have dealt in nothing but mystery.' 'Ifou have just hit it,' he answered. 'I am dealing in mystery, and I do not like my Wares. I would ratiher keep my thoughts to myself. I would spare you if I could. But after What you told me about last sight, I have no choice left In the first place, there can be no doubt that Hastings Edenbridge came toully by his death. Barry agrees with see, end his opinion is the more valuable be cause It was formed independently, and for different reasons.' 'JBut Arthur does not think so, Eustace; ne explained it all to me this morning. And why ^hould not Arthur know as well 6£ either you cr Dr. Barry?' 'Upon my word, I believe be knows better,' . Answered Eustace, fidgeting up and down the jjear&rag.; 'Lily, the trutji la that I do not know how to put the matter into so many Words- ^Arthur has been my' friend ever since tterbecame my pupil, a gqpd many years ago* aow. 1 cannot help liking the fellow. But, «8 purely. as I stand here, Arthur Edenbridge knows a' great deal more about this wretched burinees than he will admit.' flVte Impossible to give an fdefl- Of the terrir bW thoughts which flew through Lily's mind «s she stood staring in amazement at her biro? fber, 'frhlle be made this ?disclosure.' If she did not understand his foil meaning, ishe saw -hat bis. words were the prelude to others .of greater weight; just as the smoke belches from ? towel before the appearance. o* * .train. If Eustace had shown anger against Arthur, in- , Mead of such evident sorrow, Lily might have t$gD roused to defend him. Once enlisted on Mb side, she might have. been induced to cling to {him throughout; the ordeal to come. , 'All the time we were making our- smirch last night,' Eustace continued, 'Arthur knew where the body 'lay. What is more, he tried ?his utmost to hinder me from' looking in the right direction. In the firat place lie did all he could to keep me away from Hall's Hole; and when I stood actually over the very spot, he made an excuse; said he felt ccid, and tried to -induce me to leave it undisturbed. Then, after the body was discovered— jiot until it was actually lying before us, mark you— tie broughl forth this improbable tale about his brother's having been sitting l)y the stack when he saw it blown over. Why, only a quarter of an. hour, before he was insisting that Hastings was actually at the Manor House when he ptarted to come here. Arthur left here at ten — -' 'It Was after ten,' said Lily eagerly. 'How much after ten? I heard the dock strike just before he left the house. He left here at ten-^or, say, five minutes past; he did not reach home until nearly twelve. What was he doing all that time? When he did ar rive he was beside himself; anyone who had not known him would have said he was drunk; he was stupified, bewildered. And, Lily, there was blood on the back of his hand, just where blood would have been if Barry's theory is correct. Arthur told us he scratched his ihaud in the wood.' ? 'Surely there is nothing unlikely about that, Eustace,' Lily faltered, controlling her voice only with the greatest difficulty. 'When Ar thur left here last night he was as much beside himself as when you saw him later. I did not understand it then, but now I can see, well enough, wjhy he was so f uty of .despair. : It is just what he would do— to rash' on without heeding where, and it is likely enough if he svent through that thick ivood of Mr. Smellie'e in the dark, that he tore his -hand there.' 'My dear child) it is not impossible, but it would be a very striking coincidence. To Ar thur's excited mind so much must have seem ed to depend upon Hastings's immediate death —his fortune, and nicre than his fortune. Liiy, when he asked you to be his wife, he knew there was no chance of getting my consent if his brother lived long enough to marry Ruby Wilton.' 'Then, Eustace,' Lily exclaimed, confront ing him with her ghost-like face, and with eyes which appeared twice their ordinary size, 'you actually accuse Arthur of murdering his brother!' : The whole world— the whole of her small world — had changed in five minutes. She caught a glimpse of her own face in the glasi, and did not recognise if. 'No, Lily, I do not accuse hinii lly only de sire is to hinder anyone else from accusing him. I do not say, I do not believe, that Ar thur Edenbridge deliberately killed Hastings. It is not possible to tolerate tsuch a thought of one whom I have known so intimately as Ar thur. All I insist upon is this, that there is much that requires explanation. That, al though his hand may not have been the one actually to take Hastings's life, yet he did know where the body was hidden. That he did his utmost to keep his knowledge from me. We cannot tell what took place between the two men at home; we do not know how Arthur received Hastings's confession. Perhaps they quarrelled, perhaps Arthur met him after leaving you, and their quarrel was renewed. Both were hot-tempered, Arthur especially so. Anyway, I am positive he knows how Has tings met his death; of that there cannot be a doubt. At present Hastings's secret is known only to him, to you, and to me. Nobody else has the least idea of Arthur's interest in Ms death. Nobody else must know it, at any rate until after the inquest. If he tells Wilto-a to-night, others may hear of it to-morrow. One suspicious circumstance will be discover ed, then another, and I believe it would go very hard with Arthur. Let us get the in quest over quietly, and then see what we can do. I shall see Arthur at once, and try to hinder him from speaking to Wilton to-night WJiat reason I shall offer is more than I can tell you. I cannot accuse him pointblank — I was going to say I wish I could accuse him. I don't mean that, of course; but I do wish 1 could do something definite and get the mat ter over. One thing is very plain, my poor child; you must not see him again.' 'Oh, Eustace, you do not mean never!' she murmured. Lily had grown very dear to him since she had become an inmate of the Vicarage; his voice was filled with compassion for her now. 'Certainly not until he has cleared -himself ? »- 'How can he clear himself unless he is ac cused?' she cried, almost defiantly. 'Suppose he is accused, and then fails to clear himself; what would happen in that case, Lily? It is wisest to make up your mind that everything is at an end between you— far the wisest.' Her head fell gradually lower and lower, un til it was buried in her hands; but even now there was no thought of rebellion against her brother's decree. 'I shall love him always— always!' she moaned, as Eustace left the house; but the .idea of marrying him in spite of Eustace's wishes did not enter her mind. Once his wife, she would, have endured anything for his sake; but before she could become his wife j she must gain her brother's consent. She gave unquestioning obedience to the laws un der which she lived, and. Eustace, for the present, was her lawgiver, made absolute by her own loyalty. Rebellion would be shame ful; she must be faithful to Ihiin now, as she would be faithful to Arthur in the future. The future! It seemed that there- could be no fu ture. Armytage had taken upon himself a task of no little difficulty; for whilst he was deter mined to prevent this visit to Wilton, he could not think of a single reason to urge. He had calculated that Arthur would not set out until after dinner; but everything was at sixes and sevens at the Manor House to-day, and he was just leaving as Eustace arrived. 'Can you spare me five minutes?' asked the Vicar; and Arthur at once led the way to the empty dining-room. 'I suppose,' . continued Armytage, you nave not spoken iu »ir jaae tings about your brother^ -connection with Ruby Wilton.' : This was a haphazard beginning; but none could have been more fortunate, 'No,' answered Arthur, very emphatically; 'and what is more I do not mean to tell him. I would do anything— ^anything in the world, to undo the whole business. But there; it's no use talking! My father and mother have enough to bear already; their cup of bitterness is full to overflowing. If she knew what we know it would kill her. Her happiness is to think of Hastings as the best fellow in the world. To lose faith in the tfvjng is bad enough, to lose faith in the dead Is a thousand times worse. I have persuaded my father to go away for a few months. I hope he will start directly after the funeral; he is anxious for Lady Edenbridge. If they go, I hope, to God we may keep them both in ignorance— at least, for some time.'* At another time, the Vicar would have been the first to approve of this endeavor to spare the old people; Arthur was not usually so thoughtful. But now Eustace saw a purpose in the words. He knew that there! was good reason why ArSror *hould keep the news from his parents. However, it suited him to fall hi with the plan! . . 'If you do »Qt W&fc; the affair to reach Sir Hastings's ears,** he answered, 'you\must keep it from *f ilton also. If once he hears the/ truth, everybody In the village will soon be as wise as himself.'' 'Do you think eoTf ais&ed; Arthnr, though^ fully; 'ittiadnot stiffidk me in that Ughf.fr It seems that he onghtto-know. My idea wae-to tell him to-night, and run up to Ruby ^to-mor- row. J am afraid lest she may eeg (bean* nouneement of Hastings's death hi the papers, i and ? ' - ' , . ????-. ' 'And hasten down to make further inqui ries?. That is likely enough. Yes, eee Ruby tomorrow, by all means. But do not let her come to Crockhurst, until after the in— after the funeral. That, I understand, is to be on. Monday?' ?As he concluded, Eustace opened the door and walked into the hall. 'Armytage,' said Arthur, overtaking him at ! the front door, 'you have been awfully good throughput this business. I wish you would j add one more favor to the rest I would give ! a great deal to get out of telling Wilton. Will i you tell him for me? . J know it . is an un- | thankful job, but I should be awfully obliged , to you.' ? t 'Very well,' answered the Vicar, after a. moment's hesitation. 'I have no particular ! objection.' Be thought perhaps it would be 1 safer that the news should come from him. 1 'By-the-bye,' he added, trying to speak caie lessly, but not removing his .eyes from Ar thur's face for an instant, 'I believe one of the county constabulary has been to Hall's Hole this afternoon. Barry had to give notice to the coroner, and so a search was instituted, 1 only heard of it from Barry as .1 came along.' 'They may search all day, but they won't find anything,' was the confident answer. 'You make very sure, Arthur.' 'With excellent reason. After you and Barry left here this morning, I went over every square inch of the groundi myself.' Armytage turned away without speaking. That Arthur should have taken the trouble to make an examination of the ground, after h's positive declaration that Hastings'^ body had come there by perfectly fair means, appeared as further evidence against him. '..',. 'As I am not .going to Wilton's to-night,' Arthur said. 'I shall run over to the Vicarage by-and-by. I want half an hour's chat witii you, if you don't mind.' 'Not to- night,' was the answer, as Eustace thrust his hands deep in his overcoat pockets, in order to avoid contact with Arthur's. 'I cannot receive you to- night;' and turning his back, he was halfway across the Park before Arthur had recovered his self-possession. (To be continued.) 