The Wesleyan Church; THE THANKSGIVING FUND. DR WATKIN AT~DEVONPORT. Yeslerday morning the pulpit of the East Devonport Wesleyan Church was occupied by tho Rev Dr Watkin, of Vic toria, when the first of a series of addresses was given bearing upon tho thanksgiving fund being raised by tho Wesleyan Church throughout the British Empire in commemoration of the opening of the twentieth century. There was a largo attendance, and tho service was alio marked by the rendition of several good old Methodist hymns and tunes, Mrs F. Solomon presiding at the organ. Dr Watkin's text was Hosea xiv. 5 and 6: 'I will be as the dew unto Israel,' etc. Aftor some reference to tho fact that the Bible is full of illustrations drawn from the Book cf Nature, the speaker said that the prosperity of a- church de pended not upon tho culture of its .ministry, or the social position of its members, or tho perfection of its ecclesi astical machinery, but upon tho presence and power of the Holy Ghost. A ministry might bo scholarly and eloquont, but unless it resulted in making men oetter it was a iauuro. The wonderful suceesB of the ? Methodist churches throughout tho English'-tpeaking world, which made its membership the largest of the Protestant churches, was owing to tho faot that Divino influence had accom panied human effort. If tho progress of the church during the coming century was to be as great or greater than it had been in the past, then thero must bo a conviction that the church could only prosper in proportion to the Divine power it enjoyed. Tho preacher then referred to his text as containing the promise of Divine influence under the figure of the dew. This figure taught tho gentle, copious, universal and refreshing influences of the spirit. The results of that Divine influence were growth in beauty like the lily, in strength like the cedar, and in fruitfulnees like the olive. These points wero elaboratod and illustrated by tho preacher. In conclud ing Dr Watkin exprrssed the hope that not only in the Methodist churches, but in all other Christian churches in Tas mania, there might be shed more copious effusions of Divine influence. If that were tho case, then with spiritual pros perity there would be increased liberality ; church debts would be removed, all. church agencies would bo adequately sup-' ported, foreign missions would be ex tended, and much more would be done to bring about the universal reign on earth of the Lord Jesus Christ. Dr Watkin preached at Sassafras in the afternoon, and at Latrobe last night. To night he, with the Rev H. Worrall, will address a public meeting at Latrobe when the proposals of the twentieth century movement will be fully explained and, doubtless, enlist a generous and hearty response. ? 