*&tmim;$»- Stumps,' as he was called in bos serlahd, wns n favourite with criminals and— the police. He had a bright joke and a kindly word for all alike ; no one had ever seen him cross, or known him do a mean thing. Children hung round him, listening to Ws yarns; the lasses always stopped to banter with him ; while manv a night round the doss-house flt'e ho V;is the life of the wrctched- looMm? -?wum ne In fluent, picturesque language lie told ghost tales and fairy legends of his native County Clare, milking the mouchera forget their- hunger, thoir suf ferings, their despair ; and «'!ie;i lie had money he was t'oj'ally genurous— lie treated everyone he came across. 'Bedad, that fact atone bethraye moi lcingly lineage' (Miko . was descended from an ancient Irish sovereign), lie once said to. nie, llalf-'riiefully. ' Sliure, I'm neVtii.; 6o h.ippy na'whiil disposing bounties.' Indeed, I have known 15s. last :iiim but two days, though lie always slept in a doss-house, aim Hie only solid food rhat passed his lii-6 during that space was onions and tripe for supper, and a couple of carrots as a midday meal. . ? 'My digestion, you see, is peculiar,' ho confided on one occasion to a magis trate, after receiving a ?.-sentence of fourteen days; 'it seems to cotton to nothing but drink.' 'Could yoiTnot take the plcl^e. and would not some one help you to keop it/' asked the functionary of Justice, who, I am sure, In his 'heart, saw the futility of these repeated consignments to gaol. Mike ruffled his rough red hair, and a gleam of amusement darted iur.o 'his eyes. 'May It plaise youu ludshlp.' he said, 'it's meseif was a shining loight m the Salvation Army— fur— fur two mouths, an' begorra 1 in tlmt tolme If Oi d!«l not merit a ' ellver medal fur timper nnce.' ? ? 'And where is the mel'il V' a?ke-l the magistrate. Again Mike's eyes twinkto-1 and -fne corners of his mouth worked. 'An1 you'll belalve me, your wurshlp, whin Oi came out last toime. from rhe r'si dence you wos so kind as t-- send me to fur mo! health, I pawned U fur a dhrop of thf- cratur', an' begorri ! if Oi didn't folnd fhe medal wasn't silver- at all, but jlst a common bit of tin :' Mike's real discomfiture was too much for those present, and they laughed as lie meant them to laugh and noliody enjoyed his joke more than he did himself. But laugh:ng at or with n culprit does not help i-o mend his ways, and Mik-i's case had a sad sid-j to it.— l'io:n the ' Quiver,' for April. 