The weather conditions on Saturday last were most remarkable. The races that started early in the afternoon had to thrash against a strong wind from N.I.'. E. Those that were sent off later Btarted in a strong southerly. In the Sydney Club's A Class Race the limit boat went off close hauled, and the back markers started with a leading wind, which played the deuce with the handicaps. A peculiar sight was seen of boats thrashine their war to the Light ship and another fleet thrashing in a directly opposite direction towards Shark Island. As the southerly was reported early in the morning as coming along the coast, the majority -of the boats came out under small rig, but others, whose owners were either ignorant of the expeoted change or posed as amateur weather prophets, carried their big gear, and of course capsized or retired as soon as the southerly struck them. Boat owners are not anxious for a repetition of suoh weather. j The Prince Alfred Yacht Club were te have held a race over a course of five miles to windward of South Reel and back, but as our yachtsmen are purely fair weather ?allure, the fixture ended in a fiasco. Six boats faced the starter, but before the Heads were reached only two were left, and these retired just after opening the ocean. There was gross mismanagement some where. An excuse was made that no steamer could be obtained to follow the race, and a fishing party was induced to lay down the rounding mark. The yachts would have had rather a bad time of it looking fer a small floating mark that was suppose* to be five miles off the Heads. In future the Prince Alfreds should sail their races over j the Manly course.' I A good view of the ouUide yacht race was obtained from the Gap (vide the 'Herald'). The. tint of three raoe* to decide the championship of the Sydney Amateur Sail ing Club was brought off on Saturday last, and it is to be regretted that the weather was bo impropitious, for it was only the ohange of wind that enabled the Gloria to win, and spoilt what would have been a very close race. There were nine boats entered, but the Magic, Canarsie, and Dragon did not face the starter. The boats were sent away before the cluh steamer arrived on the soene. At Fort Denison the Mercia had a slight lead from the Meteor, the other boata well up. The wind was blowing hard, and freshening from the nortn, the Quadratic being the only boat that was sailing with comfort; but her sail was so small that no pace could be got out of the boat, and she was thus early out of the race. The Gloria, with her big ?ail, was only staggering, driving away to leeward. Great pace wat made for Bradley's Head, the order in rounding being Mercia,Meteor, Bunyip, Gloria (to leeward), and Yankee, the Quadratio being forgotten. The wind now was blowing vary hard, and a bit too nrach for the Mercia, which was carrying great leeway. The Meteor, Bunyip, ana Yankee seemed, to like. the weather, the firstnamed In particular holding a splendid vindi- Ail'tuUGtoria woVkidl.he wtstertt ?bore, aod'on the leg into Taylor Bay it was Wen that Meteor had a good lead from Mercia, , Buoy ip crossed Yankee and threw I Mercia around in Taylor JJay, tie toate appearing to hit, Crane not throwing round In time. Cutler did not want to go too far into the bay, *nd bore away and then threw around and came out under Mercia' 8 stern. The Gloria meanwhile had atood right across the stream, and appeared to be sail ing tnuoh batier, oarryiug on until Bottle and Glass was reached ; but. very little ad vantage was gained by this move, as the boat had to sail through lue tough water and the full strength of the wind, and in midstream the was crossed by ail except Yankee. Doran would have done much better bad lie worked the windward shore ; the big sail would then bait been of some use Meteor was siill increa ing her lead, but Mercia was in trouble in the rough water, the Yankee., catching her very fast. Botb Bunyin and Yankee were intenered with by a Manly steamer, by whioh some distance was lost. The Meteor rounded the Lightship first, (ho Mercia just scraped round 3miu later; the Gloria, coming down from midstream, cnsied BuDyip and Yankee, and roundeil itiiiii later. Neither Hunyip or Yankee could clear, but smartly made a short boanl and rounded close lot-ether some seconds aftBr Gloria. Mercia had spinnaker h'isted first, but Crant used bad judgment in setting the sail before jiling, and off Shark Island had to lower the extra to enable the jibe being negotiated. The Gloria's craw were very slow in Betting the spinnaker, and it was well on to Steel Point before it was boomed out. Yankee passed Bunyip at the Pile Light, but in jibing a few seconds later carried away her rudder, and retired. The Quadratic wna here a»n working towards the Lightship. The wind here suddonly Jropped, and the boats were drifting about in all d rections. The Meteor, which wu now on' Shark Island, was the first to feel a southerly draught, but it again dropped. The Mercia got a great set back, and was left becalmed to the north-west of the Shark Island light. The Gloria got a good lift with an easterly putf. The brsews now began to corns in hard from the touth'ard, auii was freshening. Meteor rounded Shark Island buoy Tmin ahead of Gloria, which was four minutes ahead of Mercia, the Bunyip rounding about one minute later. The wind increased to almost a gale, the boats just staggering through it. Mercia set a small hallooner, buttoon stowed it, the Gloria being brought back a bit and both boats gaining on tue Meteor. The Fort was rounded in the same order, which was kept to Shark island. The Mercia mis-stayed several times at the buoy, but eventually got round and then turned turtle. The finishing line was crossd by Meteor, Tmin 47sec ahead of Gloria, which was 3min 43seo ahead of Bunjip. Tin Gloria thus wins on rating allowance, the Bunyip being second and Meteor third. The Mercia took charge of Crane several times. She is a bit too tricky for him. Fred. Doran would have done better in the earlier part of the race if he had worked the western shore. The big sail would then hare been of some assistance. The sudden change in the wiad put the Mercia completely out of it. It was not too comfortable aboard the clnb steamer, seas coming aboard very often. A few spectators got rather damp. Why it it that several of the boats ap pear on the programme as rating (app. ) ? Have they not been measured '! The Sydney Club races tested the boats and crews to such an extent that in the A class only two finished, and four in the B class. In the raco for the A Class, owing to the weather conditions, the handicaps were slightly altered, the rater Hiawatha being put back to Bcrateh, and DeEdemona to 4 minutes. The Southern Crass and Flying Fish were, as usual, non-starters. All the boats got woll away except VVillia and Plover, they losing about 45 seconds. All carried second Buits except Donnelly, but Fletcher vory wisely lowered away before the southerly struck the Donnelly. Muston, in the DeBdemona, ebook out a reet just before starting, and bad got about 200 yards on his course when away went the mast. This only left five boata in the raoe, but the number got smaller as the course was covered. The rear boats had just started when the southerly struck them, which was unfor tunate for Australian, the limit boat. Hiawatha . took a reef in, but was Bailing Very faBt and overhauling the others. Plover h isted a balloon jib, almost filled, and had to take it down — it was blowing too hard for any extras. Both Keriki and Willia had a turn at filling up, but were saved from turning turtle by smart handling. The Australian was fust to round the lightship, but Hiawatha, Plever, and Wiilia rounded in that order only a few seconds behind the leader, Keriki being another 20 seconds later. Australian and Hiawatha went about almost immediai ely after clearing the light ship, the Plover standing a bit further en, B.l.Sl-1 \X7tllin ItnA ITAHiLi^lnAj _! -.1. i- .. — ~_.._ On the thrash to Shark Inland the Willia was the first to retire ; Messenger not liking the neither too well, retired to the Grand Pier at Watson's Bay. Australian, Hia watha, and Plover stood to Bottle and Gluss before making up stream. The Plover was sailing 'in comfort, the Australian was jrut keeping afloat, and the Hiawatha, as with all the raters, was carrying great leeway. Plover brought Shark Island light, and then making across stream, threw round and made tor the buoy. Hiawatha got into trouble and went ashore at Steel Point. She waB got oil some time after wards, but turned turtle before going very far. Keriki meanwhile had lowered her jib and retired. Only two boats were now left in the race, ana as'Plover had mounted the ! Shark Island 3min ahead of Australian, it wae seen that, bar accidents, the race was over. Plorer increased her lead round the remainder of the course, aid when she orosted the finishing line the Australian was) making for Shark Island buoy under the peak of her maincail and a jib-topsail set as a jib, and, needless to say, the club steamer, whioh bad a good crowd aboard, did not wait for her to finish. It was fortnnaUte for Foster that Billy Griffiths was at the mainsheet, for the PloTer has a reputation for capsizing. It i« to bo hoped now that the Plover has won, her luok has changed, and she will often be eeen in the lead at the finish. Billy Anderson was sorry he did not follow Messenger into Watson's Bay. Something better than a swim oan be obtained in there. In the raoe for the B Class, 12 out of IS boata started, the absentees being Young Harry, Ena, and Othello. As thiB race started some time before the A Class race, they sailed -to the Lightship against a northerly wind. The Majestic attempted to start some 10 minutes late, but got foul of the starter's boat and retired. The Wythona capsized soon after the start. It was blowing too hard for the majority of the boats, the only ones seeming to be com fortable' being the two 20-footers Cynthia and Genesta, and a big boat with an 8-footer sail on called The Laborer. The race does not require much description, the boats being Cynthia, Geneata, The Laborer, and Yogi, which finished at intervals of five minutes.' An amateur built rater (so-called) named the Akaho was in the 'race, but 'retired, and off KirribiUiitcapslced and turned bottom up. Although boats Were capsizing in all directions a tiny 6-footer sailed the course in the North Sydney. Dingy Club Base. It was amusing to see the Cookie shell going back to Bluea Point from Pinohgut under a bit of mainsail and the jib. TheCresoent was her name,- sailed by H. 'Waterhouse and a couple of other youngsters. . Three dingies finished In the Johnistone'a Bay Race. The antioa of the' funny boat ProoeUa were very amusing. Bhe was carrying a -very large spread of canvas for the Weather, and when Wt by a «o,uall lifted right out of the water. Several times she appeared to be sailing on .the pin only, and it is marvellous how she was kept upright. The new steamer Natone and the Water Police, launch were very busy all the after noon picking up ? apeiBed boats and their crews. The skipper of the Nacone de served a h up of praise, for his action was purely voluntary. The Simiey Flying Squadron are holding another of their weekday races this after noon, for which the .ollowini; entrieB have been received :— Flying Fish, Keriki, Willia, Yankee, Desdemona, Broniewing III., Southern Cross. A steamer will fol low as usual. In connection with the General Handi cap to be sailed next Saturday, the following entries have been received :— Plover, Keriki, Willia, Volunteer, Donnelly, Yankee, Des demona, Bunyip, Flying FiBh, Southern Cross. , It is to be hoped that this race will be better managed than the last Saturday event, particularly in regard to starting the boats in the final heat. It is with regret- that we have to record the death of Mr. A. £. G. Thomss, which occurred at Samaria, New Guinea, last week. Mr. Thomas was une of the best known men amongst open-boat sailers a few years back. H was one of the first secre taries of the Sydney Flying Squadron, and was also representative of that club on the committee which managed the b'rst inter colonial Sailing Carnival. In active sailing he was usually seen at the tiller of the boats owned by Mr. Mark Foy— Kannanook, Ghost, Flying Fish, and others. Arthur, as he was familiarly called, will be missed, for he was indeed an enthusiast. 