In the Slim ! ff I have to announce & iwAher blumpifa w*r atook;' aaid the vPW. ^ loBopW. ?' ^?yefik^bi't^p \mgp and a piani j iifhb, . veniaicsi to^ feint bat Britain waB not justified in iWngbteridg*he Transvaal carnters ' nbreireaionablB faame; of mind is iow ttDBBeBBBflj Bbd inttead bt oall-' n| ati anti-jiHgb'a'blanl^ liat and1 l flla^efol ^)j)ei; thp most blood ?hirefcy -fiiweaierB *re aatUfted to fleBignate their opponents jut plain liaiB and ' rebels. In about a morith'a time they will all shake hands and be friends again. So motoitbe.' 'Is It then A foot,' asked the Country Oorreapondent, 'that the nnmbersof anti-jingoes are pn the inoueasefi'':.'': w ? ????? , 'I believe yon, -toy boy/ ¥ou 4ee 'it jnvthis wky- TheflMtn*: ports we get of the quarrel were' from, newspapers whoea ohanoes of toakuur a rise depended on spicy vat cables. The Boor was painted asanobjeptionablebeaat, while the Bull was a perfeot gentleman. The first impalse of the unthinking and exoitable portion of the oommnnity was to go oot and yell like fiends for the ntter annihilation of the wtetohed Boer. Hen are a good deal like sheep, they follow the beliiwether's tinkle, never etortping' to ibbaire whether they areUing lfd by their own trusted bell-sheep or by Mrs. Mnrphy's ancient and disreputable- billygoat. They hear the bell and follow, never thinking to hse their noses as well as their ears. The resnlt is that the whole lot is lei at a mad and undignified gallop over rooks and mountains where ? no ' clover grows and where no respectable sheep would dream of going on their own. Then end denjy the wind changes and from far ahead comes back to them a fearsome smell of oommon goat. The whole flook stands and sniffs a moment in disgust, then turns and wanders hopelessly down the moun tain side looking as sheepish at eheep, weepltig -bitter tears of dis appointment And shame, and wring ipg their tails in despair of finding their way to green; pas'tures again. They blunder hither and thither, stumbling over the oroel rocks and crying imprecations on the head of that wretched billygoat of Mrs. Mnrphy's. Darkness is coming on space and they tremble for fear of dingoes. With beating hearts and drooping dejeoted tails they stand and listen intently for a guiding sound. Despair is in their faces .and. their woolly, noses are damp with nndried team. They listen in an agony of hope ; none dare lift a' boof to break the tense Bilenoe. DJstinbtly, like the steps of an er edntioiier coming to a condemned oelll they hear, the doll whap! wfckpi of * Wallaby in Che dark sdrubby gnlly to the right; A mppoke hoots in blooa- curaling notes bom the shadowy foothills of the. mountain, -and : far-off, miles away, the wail «f ft *ative she-bear comes tothem like the cry of a lost : soul in the. wilderness. These' sounds cause the -already thnmping hearts of the poor sheep to thump' still harder. But hark! What is thatP The faintest Buspicion of a dingo's howl comes stealing out from the Great Blaok Borub. In tensity of terror stills «ven the tbutnping tof their hsaJrtsa moment, arid in that mbtnen't they distinotly catch' the tinkrtink-tinkle of a bell. Then a dog iarks in the distanoe arid ithe bell tinkles again; «aved I they 'bleat all together and rush pell-mell down to join the well beloved leader they Had thought lessly deBerted some hours earlier in; order to follow a bad old goat whose only object in life is to make decent sheep look ridiculous. They hold a meeting next day and it is nnanimonsly resolved : 1\. Tbmt thii oommnnity of sheep will never aeain permit itielf to be led again into difficoltiei by a goat drened in a eheep'i bell. S. That a vote of thanka be aooorded the Han. William Bamatag, Hiq.. the respected bell-wether of ton look, for remaining true to bi- trust though all his followers hadatnyed. ^_ The proceeSlingB' close with the benediction and mutual expressions of contrition all round. Then all -hands adjourn to the nearest ? ?'' T1 Are yon talking of men or sheep?' interrupted Jim the Jjoney. 'A little of each,' replied the Philosopher. 'They are a mixed bt, anyhow, and much alike in follow my-leader instincts.' ' Will you oblige by naming some of the bell-wethers who are now ringing the Billy sheep back to the fold P,' requested the Soientifio Man. ' We don't want fairy tales ; give ub faots.' ' Right. Here's a few names of those opposed to^ tjw Tj»nsva|^ war : James Brys^. ^.^fbevtBwin per, Leonard. Cpurtney, .flreaetjfl Harrison, Grant Allen, John Boms, Alfred Russell Wallace, Lord ? ' | .'Don1* bottor (raaaing ;*!! .the CameV7 eaiaite LandloH, 'Bead them to the editor for publication in his 'Gold War' column.' i ' You've left Dr. Orowther out,' laid the Snub Editor. ' Don't for. get th-t be 'said . ' tormakb war on' the Transvaal is virtually ooeroing a free people,' ' : 'Saying a thing and! Sticking to it in face of the howls of the multi tude, are moles of totally different temper.' ? ?????.??- 'For goodness sake, give the warV reBt?f ivgii the Bsrmaidi ' Local matters' are of mote inte rest.' i ' That's what all you girls say when the'B6y is' away 'Boer hunt ing,' said the Disagreeable Man. The Barmaid for answer softly hummed : ' ' If a man Will fight in a oommon brawl, Who'i to look after fail jriri P 'Of course a girl wouldn't be much good if she obi eo ted to her lover going to war in defence of his oountry's freedom,' B&id; the Dis agreeable' Man, ' but a lever who fights against the freedom of an other fellow's country, and runs wanton bayonets and things into another girl's lover is not the sort for any decent woman to fret over.' ' Moreover,' sang the Poet — The war may lut for a year or more And a soldier's girl mar f et on thethelf ; If he prefers to look after the Boer, Well— a girl most look after herself. To patriot lore™ oar girhmre true, Bat when thej ngat for pelf In a foreign land for a greedy orew, 'Well— a girl mast look after herself. And when ? ' : i At this stage of the song the Poet caught sight of the Barmaid's face, and considered it wisest to sing no more in that strain. ' When he put it that way,' she told the company afterwards, ' I decided thnt such philosophy was hot my sort. My Boy may be the worst sort of a fool to go Boer shooting, but I can't help sticking to him, right or wrong.' The declaration was received with applause, after Which the Poet explained that he had only song the song to test the Bar maid's sincerity. He was pardoned on the spot ; virtue can afford to be generous when it is victorious. : ? ? ? . 'For the unattached girls who orjy out against the wholesale de portation of our young men,' said the Business Man, 'I have a crumb of comfort. The exodns certainly decreases a girl's chances of a 'boy,' but it increases her chances of a ' man. The more soldiers we send to the Transvaal the higher wages will rise in Tasmania. This gives a number of ' workers a chance to marry, and you bet they'll seize the ohanoe with both hands.' ' H'm !' coughed the Disagree able Man. ' I begin to understand now why so many hard up parsons are in favor of war. 'Merely a matter of business, nothing more,' says Mr. Gupp. And paraonB oan't afford to sneeee at wedding fees. More important still are christen ing fees/' f I don't know about the parsons benefiting,' said the Snub Editor, 'but it seems pretty dear that wages will rise.' f'Of course they will,' said the Barmaid, 'but employers oan't be persuaded that way, A lad who lives up onr way works for a oity employer. Being a thoughtful lad and having more work to do since one of his work mates enlisted for war, he reckoned it was good enough to ask his patriotic boss for a rise in wages. The boss listened patiently to the request, smiled benevolently on the youth, then calmly presented him with a recipe for pimples !' ? ? ? ' I don't see how the war will make wages rise,' said the Worm. ' If a leading family gives £10 to the patriotic fund I expeot they'll try and make np the loss ont of ser vants' wages.' ' Nonsense I' exclaimed the Go vernment House Man, ' our patri otic donors are not mean enough for that.' 'Perhaps not, perhaps not,' mused the Worm. ' Bat I know at least one terribly patriotic family who are already reducing household expenses to meet Patri otio Fn-d ends. A dress tinker friend of mine was recently engaged by the lady of the bouse to do a long day's sewing. iDuring the hot afternoon a kindly housemaid brought the dressmaker a glass of water with an apologetic explana tion : ' We are.,iK- rry, Miss —f that We can't offer you « cup of tea, bat sinoe the missus started oolleot-' ing for the Patriotio Fnnd she looks all' the cupboards and takes the keys with her!' 'The daughters of another family whose namj is set down op posite double figures in the list,'* s|id the Barmaid, 'oame into a greengrocer's the other day, for a bunch of rhubarb. ' The price was 8d. the young ladies nearly fainted. ' Oh, how dreadfully dear ! We ' oouidn't think of paying so muoh j it was only 5d last week.' They went away, presumably to try .and get it oheaper at other shops In an hour they returned, hot, tired, and dusty, and paid the 8d. But how did they grumble 1' 'Self denial for such a laudable objeot as the Patriotio Fund is surely justifiable,' urged Jim the Lnney. 'Bather,' agreed the Govern ment House Man. ' And a green grocer who would objeot to his cus tomers practising self denial is a greedy, disloyal, ignorant Boer who is only fit to be shot.' ' It is noble to practice self de nial,' snnfned the Sunday Man. ' It has a refining influence.' ' Especially on the greengrocer,' ohipped the Punster. # * # ' A jingo parsou is just now very sore at heart,' said the Snub Editor. ' It appears he advertised a special service for the contingent on a recent Sunday, and invited the gallant 45 to come along and be prayed for in Scotohbyterian fashion. One side of the kirk was reserved for the military, and mil linery predominated on the other. Hushed expectancy pervaded the holy atmosphere, and the church fleas had a grand uninterrupted time for an hour. But the soldiers failed to turn up. It transpired afterwards that the Bishop had sneaked up to the barracks and kidnapped the whole army. Now the manse garden is filled with strange Scotch objurgations and the Rev. ? dnnno where *e are.' ' Bnt his Lordship 1 Surely he ? ' began the Barmaid. ' A Bishop can make no error,' observed the Sunday Man. 'Citizen Burgess, Fisherman Orooke and others, who were so anxious to send a chaplain to look after the sonls of the gallant 45, and urged the Bishop to let Rev. Hun ter go to S. Africa for the purpose — well, they don't say the Bishop is infallible.' 'The opinions of some people don't matter,' said the Sunday Man ambiguously. Silenoe fell. ? * ? ' Dreadful happenings np onr way.' sighed the country Corres pondent. 'Same old thing, of course, one man and two women. The man was made love to by a widow and didn't like to be rude to a lady. There was nothing wrong, of course, but given an easy-going man, a jealous wife, a gay widow, a dull bush township where the rail way system ends at a black stump and the whisky is home-made, you have all the materials for a first class shindy. The shindy duly occurred, and the wife came off vio toiious. She appears to have taken the enemy by surprise, and the little back room of the country pub was the scene of awfol car nage. ' When assistance arrived the widow was underneath, the other lady sitting on her chest with the glare of victory in her eye and a hank of hair in ouch hand. Where was the man P Oh, be got out of the trouble by a gallant iush, and immediately proceeded to take up a neutral position in a neighbor ing (ree. Ho stayed in the tree uutil hostilities were over, and the township, resolving itself into a Peace Conference, settled the dis pute by arbitration. The award does not seem to have gi een entire satisfaction, however, for a week later the poor maD's loyalty was again called into question and he was ouce more forced to make for the wire fence under a heavy fire from the home troops. His retreat was so disorderly, that he got stnek between the wires and was Lost. His capture was a particularly thrilling concern in whioh barbed wire and a jealous woman pnlled bo hard in opposite directions that a good deal of him is still on the fence. The other part of him is uow a close prisoner in the fowl liouse. At. for t,he bone of conten ti -n, the gay widow, Hhe has gone away into the bash somewhere until her hair grows again,' ' A squalid little yam, anyway,' commented the Oracle. ' Doesn't anything funny ever happen qp, your way r' \- 'In a country village the folks fire not so dull as in the oity,' re torted the Country Correspondent. ' They see sermons in groans and fun in everything. Besides, when they toll a story they tell it without frills.' The Oracle subsided. ?*?,?) * ? ? 'Another team mystery/' an- , nounced the Canvasser. ' A lady, of course,' said the Bar* maid. ' ' Wrong, my dear, quite Wrong. ' This time it is an artist's ghost and its doings. It was recently . discovered by the lynx-eyed manage' * ment that many of the oars were over-ornamented by drawings and peculiar inscriptions in charcoal. The oondnotors and the drivers were not able to explain ; all they oould say was that if the heiro glyphics were washed off at night ' similar sketches would be found on the cars in the morning. A watch was set, but with no result. The drawings still appeared, and always in the same form. First there was a life-size drawing of a billy-can, an ordinary black billy, you know; then there was au artistic outline of a key, and a big round 0.' ' Was the billy supposed to be empty ?' asked the Worm. ' Yes ; there didn't appear to be anything in it, and the lid was mostly off in the drawing. There is really no accounting for the mystery. Fortuue-tellers, news paper editors, and other wise folks were consulted, bat they could not read the writing on the wall. More than one big tram official turned religious over it; he reckoned it was a warniog for him.' ' Have you a theory ?' queried the Scientific Man. ' No, but Professor Hackett says it is a sign writer's ghost on the job. Years ago it seems a signwriter was waited upon in the dead of night by an excited young man, who told him that all the Hobart trams were the aforesaid excited young man's private property, and he wanted them branded as such. The signwritor was alarmed at the antics of his midnight visitor, and advised him to go home to bed. Next night he came again, and the next, and the next. To make a long story short the signwritor was at last worried to death, died raving mad, and to the last labored under the delusion that if he didn't'go and paint somebody's name on the tram cars grievous harm would come to him. Professor Hackett says the signwriter's ghost is now doing the work he failed to do when in the flesh.' ' But a company, not an indivi dual, owns the trams,' urged the Business Man. ' Oh, I don't know anything about that,' rejoined the other. ' But all the conductors assure me the strange drawings denote the name of the man who owns the trams.' ' I'm afraid the tram boys have been jerking your shoe-string,' said the Philosopher severely. The Canvasser said he couldn't help it if the story wasn't true or new or interesting. ' Blame the ghost,' he advised. 