WAS IT A SPIRIT? The late State Senator Walters, of Virginia, while far from being a supr titions man, was heard on more than one occasion to say that he could not altogether disbelieve in ghosts. He made no profession of faith in spectral apparitions, but, according to his owe aoedunt, was withhold from denial oi them . by the recollection of a single very strange occurrence. . One afternoon, in the autuimn of 1881, he was looking for deer in a lonely valley within ten miles of the town of Pinckney, Virginia, when he struck into a narrow road much over grown with weeds, .isd evidently un used for a long time. After a bit he came to a house which likewise shoered signs of disrepair, having been deprived even of its windows and doors--pro bably because those useful articles had been deemed by somebody worth carry ing away. On this 1acount the dwe l ing had a singularly blank and unhome like appearance, and the senator was rather surprised to see a man standing on the dilapidated porch in front. The man had his hands in his pockets, and wore a pair of blue-jeans overalls, a check slurt, and no hat. His hair was red. All of these points were distinctly noted by the senator, who paused and shouted a cheerful salutation. No reply being elicited. he shouted again; but the person oa the -porch appearedL to take not the slightest notice. It seemed very rude, but the senator was anxious to get a bit of information as to game, and so he approached the house through a gap in the miserable fence, the gate of which was absent. As he came near, however, the man in the check shirt and blue- jeans turned and walked slow ly into the deserted dwelling, disap pearing from view. "Hlello!" cried the senator oil mount ing the porch and arriving at the door way; but there was no response. He began to be indignant, and presently made up his mind to enter and hunt up. the man in the blue-jeans. This, indeed, seemed easy enough; but, to his great surprise, nobody was to be found; the house was absolutely empty. He searched it inside and out, but the mant was gune. There was no cellar, and, the dwelling having only four rooms, a comiiplete inspection was not difficult. ŽNevertheless, it was fruit less, and at longth the senator gave it up. Shouldering his gun, he strug glic back to the wrotchoci road throngh the tall weeds that grew whera once had been a vegetable garden; but be fore going on he glanced back, and there again on the porch was the red headed man' in the check shirt. This was too muelh- "I say!" iried the tenator, "what do you mean by running away. when a gentlenman wants to speak with you?" The' man made no reply. lie still kept his hands in his lIockete, and seemed to be looking in another dhre tion. Naturally this made Senator Walters very angry. Ho walked again towards the house, wluch w-as -only about thirty-five yards distant, and again the. person in the bluo-jens turned in a leisurely way and disap peared into the ruined dwelling. Once more the visitor entered, looked every where, and found nobody. Though re luctant to abandon the search, he gave it up finally, returning to the road. Then, as he looked back, he saw the man again on the porch, in the same attitude as before. - By this time the senator was hot with rage. :'Helol" he shouted again. 'If. you don't answer me, within ton seconds I'll put' a dose of buckshot into you! Still the mani paid no attention, and, having -counted the ten seconds, the senator slowly raised his gun to his shoulder and fired. Hoe was a first rate shot,' and was certain that he could not have missed; yet the man stood there just as before, motionless, not even turning his head. As may be 'inmagined, the senator was thunderstruck. Hastily laving the' road he once more- approached the house, and as he did so the man in the overalls turned in the same leisuro ly manner as before and disappeared within the dwelling. There was a con siderable space of clearing all around the deserted residence, and no oppor truiity whatever was afforded for hid ing; hen , the amazement of Mr. War tors when, for the third time, Le searched the premises and discovered nobody. Extremely puzzled, and at, the same time very angry, he at last resumed his journey. But, as before, he glanced back, and there was the person in the check suit standing orn the porch, with his hands in his pockets and looking as if nothing had occurred. \ At this stage of the proceedings, said the senator, in telling the story, he became frightened. It seemed ob vious to him that something very much out of the common was at work. He made no further attempt at idrestiga tion on the spot; but when ho got home he set on foot an inquiry into the history of the deserted house, and learned that its former occupant and owner had been a man named John ston, who was murdered in cold blood by a friend with whom lie had a dis pute. 