THE ' ELECTIONS. TRIUMPHANT SUCCESSES. PREMIER WINS BY 1064. A RECORD MAJORITY. MR. ISAACS VICTORIOUS. A 3 TO 1 MAJORITY. GREAT SCENE AT ST. KILDA. Considering the amount of attention it . attracted and the singular vaticinations put forward in certain quarters as to the pro spect of defeating the Premier on a "creat political principle," there has rarely been a more one-sided election than that decided | at St. Kilda yesterday. When it was first announced that Mr. William Densham, a gentleman of boyish appearance, agreeable ' manners and an unlimited stock of self- assurance, was going to oppose the head of the new Government, the gasp of astonish ment the news evoked was followed by a lmrst of Homeric laughter that would have driven a bashful man back to the retire ment whence he had so confidently emerged. But Mr. Densham was terribly in earnest, nnd although he was roared down at meetings and chaffed and. chivied all over the electorate, lie calmly went on with his canvasB. The organ of the clique which brought him out also entered upon the fight with a dog-like devotion to duty, and presented its readers every morning with an elaborate argument to prove that if Mr. Densham did not absolutely win, he would go very near it. Sir George Turner should be grateful to these ingenious, though misleading, calculations, for they thoroughly roused his friends and the Liberal electors of the constituency, with the result that the struggle excited extra ordinary interest. If Mr. Densham had represented nothing more than his own humble obscure person ality, the election would have aroused no concern, for it would have been merely a matter of going to the poll. But influences of a sinister character had encouraged the opposition, and were reported to be fertil ising it in a substantial manner. Mr. Den sham had evidently come out at the bid ding of the Madden-M'Kenzie-M'Coll coterie of dejected politicians, and there was determination on the part, of the St. Kilda electors not to be made the medium of a spiteful intrigue. The electors entered into the contest, therefore, with the ut most fervor, attended the meetings in large numbers, and while they amused them selves with ironical compliment to Mr: Densham, gave the Premier a rousing re ception wherever he appeared. Polling day yesterday passed off very quietly. There were three booths, one at the town hall, another at the corner -.of Alma and High streets, and a third at the Skating Ring, Canterbury-road, for the accommodation of voters living in tho vicinity, of St. Kilda railway station. It was obvious from an early part of the day that all the ordinary appearances of electoral progress wore in favor of Sir George Turner, lie had almost 40 cabs going round the con stituency .picking up voters, and an army of voluntary workere whose animation and enthusiasm gave spirit and energy to the contest. The nominee of the Conservative caucus was practically deserted. It was an nounced last week that lie had abandoned , canvassing, and all his friends appeared to have abandoned liim at the same time. The I disappointed placemen who stimulated and urged his candidature left liiin severely I alone when tlicy found he was fighting a for lorn hope. Mr. Densham was left ' alone with his secretary to make his own collapse as light as possible. It was such a foregone conclusion that the mis- 5,-. guided, ciindidateupractically .gtiye. up_ tlje ' ghost in' the, early -afternoon,1 : And "was a smiling witness of the cab loads of voters who came to make his opponent perfectly safe. Sir George Turner worked hard throughout the day, visiting all the booths at frequent intervals, -personally interview ing the voters, and giving them every as sistance in establishing their presence on the rolls. Numbers of men who had re moved from St. Kilda came from distant suburbs to record their votes, and the Premier says there were a large number of other absentees whose ballots would have been for him if they could have been found. Perhaps the most indifferent and uncon cerned person, during the final half hour, when it was known that Sir George Turner had won by at least several hundred, was Mr. Densham. He talked and chatted to his opponent and the members of the commit tee opposed to him with the utmost cordi ality, and there was about him none of the dismay or despair of the political outcast. "I knew I was in for a licking," he candidly remarked, "and what is the use of weep ing?" Mr. Densham seemed to think elee- | tioncering was a really excellent joke, and I appeared so good naturedly disposed that the wonder is he did .not become an active worker for Sir George Turner, j The returns at the various booths were promptly compiled, and the result' was de clared as follows: — _ , , , Turner. Densham. Balaclava Division 809 .. 290 St. Kilda East Division.. .. 571 .. 219 St. Kilda West Division.. .. 412 .. 279 Totals 1852 .. 788 . Majority for Turner, 1004. The poll of 2640 is the second largest re corded at St. Kilda since the redistribution j of seats: Previous figures have been:— 1889. Jennings mi !: i Total .. 2140 1892\. - Embltaff iqoo Turner .. " V %£ Total. 2874 1694. \- -. "oo Turner ... 1317 Total » , . . .. M 2423 It will be observed also that on this occa sion Sir George Turner has obtained a majority more than three times as large a3 that gained by him at any previous elec tion. The electoral roll yesterday included 3962 names, and there were about 100 voters' certificates issued. An immense crowd h»d assembled outside the town hall, and the announcement of the result produced a storm of applause. Sir George Turner, who was received with tumultous cheering, said the people of St. Kilda had again done him the honor, which had been repeated time after time, to elect mm as their representative. (Cheers;) He had faithfully endeavored to do all he could in the interests of the colony— (cheers)— and he felt quite certain that whenever he appeared, before them he would have their unbounded confidence and respect. (A Voice: Always; and cheers.) He . did not expect on this occasion lu nave Had a fight, but he as glad that.the fight had taken place, for St. Kilda had -shown that it was determined to remain true and faithful to its old repre- tentative. (Loud cheers.") Extraordinary means and great influence had been brought to bear to .wrest the seat from him.. (You beat them ,ea$y.) But thanks to their good wishes and the good help, given him by the electors at the ballot box the conspiracy hod failed. (Loud cheers.) He was not going in »ny shape or form to object to his opponent. Mr. Densham. had a perfect right to contest the seat— (Let him try somewhere -else) — and to do ail he could' to win — if he could. (Laughter.) But what he' did object to was that Mr. Densham bad- been in bad# com pany. (Cheers.) He had every reason to es teem Mr. -Densham as an opponent. That gentleman had fought the battle honestly and fairly, and had taken his beating like a man. (Three cheers for- Densham which were given.) " But he regretted very much ' that" Mr. Densham had been used by a small section of the' Opposition in Parliament to punish him (Sir George Turner) for what he . had done in the past. (Cries of Shame! Cheers.) But his constituents had shown that they were not going to allow any small minority from outside ito dictate the dis posal of the seat. (Cheers.) . Probably Mr. Densham was disappointed at the reception 'he had had the other night. (Laughter.) He nvould have had a fair hearing had he come alone. (Hear, hear.) But he came in company' in which >they objected to find him. (He ought to be ashamed of -himself;, and laughter.) Now that the battle had been fairly fought and the victory, fairly won they were going to give Mr. Dcnsliam a proper reception at the hands of the St. Kilda people. (Oheers.) He was quite .cer tain that they would, do justice to his oppo nent. (Good old Turner.) Mr. Densham had had a hard fight — a hard uphill' bubble, for he came amongst them a stranger, and he was deserted to-day by the party. w:hich ought to have supported him. (Hear, hear; and cheers.) Let tliera show Mr. Densham that they sympathised with him in the position in which he had been placed. He had fought a plucky fight, and lie (Sir George Turner) admired him for it. (Cheers.) The day might come when, instead of opposing him, they -would be supporting one another. (Hear, hear.) He' mis glad to announce that his colleague, the Attorney-General, had been returned by a triumphant ma jority— (cheers)— and he had no. doubt that the elections to the Legislative Coun cil, w-hieli would take place in a few days, would be influenced by tho results of St! Kilda and Bogong, and that the candidates being opposed for the Council seats would be returned at the poll by large majorities. (Cheers.) He thanked his committee and all those workers who liod acted so ener getically on his behalf, and he again thanked the constituency for his re-election. He moved a vote of -thanks to the return ing officer. (Loud cheers.) Mr. Densham, who was warmly greeted, and who accepted his position with the beaming smile of equanimity, said that when he came down to enter upon this con test he determined to fight it in a friendly way. (A Voice:- So you have. Cheers.) He had worked very hard every day, and he must say that from every man, woman and child he had received the utmost friendli ness and courtesy. From Sir George turner and his committee he had received the same kindliness nnd toleration. (A \oice: They let you down gently.) Per haps lie might never be in St. Kilda again. (A Voice: Why not'J He would not come unless they asked him. (A Voice: Come and welcome.) But if he did come to St. Kilda he knew that he had made many friends, and that lie had not one enemy. (Cheers.) He was the first man when the lesult was known to shake hands with Sir George Turner. (A Voice: Bravo Den sham! Cheers.) They all knew what a hard battle lie had to tight, and lie thought thc.y would, admit lie had fought it to the best of his ability, lie was only , a young politician. (A Voice: You are only a boy.) Yes; lie was only a boy.; but he would grow older every day. (Laughter.) He thanked those electors who had, .voted for him, and those who had not voted for him he thank ed for the generous reception tlicy had given him. He was not going to be down cast because he was beaten. (Hear, hear.) He was. in just us good spirits now us when he started— better in fact— (laughter)— be cause the fight was over now, and at the start he had it all before liiin. He knew what he was in for— (laughter)— but having once started ho wus bound to go through with it. (Cheers.) lie would not say good-bye, but only nu rovoir. He would come back in the fullness of time, and the friends lie had made would no doubt rally round him. (Cheers.) St. Kilda was a great city, and if he could' have been its re presentative he should have been the proudest man in the world. He would say no more, except to second the vote of thanks, and ask' them to give three cheers for Sir George Turner. .The cheers were heartily ifvqh,.7iil(l the crowd dispersed. Subsequently immediate supporters of tlic candidates' adjourned to the mayor's room, where further felicita tions were indulged, and later in the even ing a band paraded the city, followed by two drags, bearing the Premier and ; his friends. The vehicles were ornamented with two large pictures of Sir George Turner and his chief supporter, Mr. R. Leeson, and the triumphal procession was received everywhere with rounds of cheer ing. < 