INDUCTION SERVICE. On Tuesday evening in the Presby terian Church, Wollongong, the Rev. 0\. A. White, who has been called by the congregation to the ministry, was duly inducted. The Rev, J, Tnglia (Nowra) preached, taking for his text the words in Acts IX ' For he was a good man, and full of the Holy Ghost and of faith.' The words referred to liarnabaa, the help-mate of Paul, and the preacher took the life of Barnabas as his theme. On conclusion of the sermon the Rev, J. Burgess (Kiama), clerk of the Presbytery, read a report of the circumstances and acts which had led to the call of the Rev. G. A. White, of Windsor. Next the Rev. J. Inglis asked the incoming minister the prescribed questions as to his faith in the Westminister Confession and in the form of government and organization of the church as being in accordance with the Divine will. These being answered the coagregatiou were asked to show by holding up their right hands their acceptance of the Rev. 0. A White hs their pastor, and similarly to pledge themselves to maintain him. This they did. The Rev. J. EL Liwrie { Bulli) then addressed a few wovds of exhortation respectively to the new. pastor and to the coagregation. He said that preachers were prone to over much study the language and arrange ment of their sermons, forgetting that the sole objects should be the spiritual edification of the people, and the pre senting to them of the rich grace of Christ. The bane of preachers was the seeking of popularity; as the most suc cessful angler was he who kept himself farthest in the background, so the most impressive preacher was he who had placed Christ in the foreground. The congregation, Mr. Lawrie exhorted to remember the minister's need of sym pathy and help. It was discouraging to a minister to miss members from the service on Sundays; people absented themselves from church for trivial causes which would not operate for a moment in ordinary affairs. Oi: the conclusion of thn service, as the con gregation passed out, the interim moderator, Rev. R. Miller, introduced the newly installed minister to members of the congregation. J The Presbytery were entertained on - on Tuesday by Mr. J. Richardson. ? On Wednesday evening, in the Town j Hall, there was a large gathering. « Tea, which had been provided by ladieB of the congregation was partaken of. An after meeting was presided over by the Rev, R. Miller, interim moderator. '- Addresses in the course of which the Rev. C. A. White was welcomed, were delivered by the Revs. J. Gardiner (Wesleyan), E. T. Miles (Congrega tional), T. Ddvies(Primitive Methodist), John Richardson, R. Finlayson, and G. 3\. Gray, and the Rev. J. Burgess (Kiama). Mr. Miller received a presentation as an acknowledgment of his services as moderator. During the evening Messrs. G. Jarraan, E. Chamberlain, and F. O. Wiseman con tributed songs, and Miss M'lnnes played a selectionof Scottish airs. 