Short Story. Otto .Wjliiard. A Reminiscence. (By G. M. HAY WARD, iu ' Home Notes.' I (Concluded.) ? ? ? I onglit haTdly to-'sayj' though,: that nothing came of Wllllard's friendship for Miss Malnwaring, for we: all of tw felt tolerably certain a month, or two later, wlien he began to make arrange ments for a leave to England, that .the Influence of the fair Rosamund was at work. ' ? ? ' He went from Burrapur, our unex pressed £6od; wishes' 'for his success going with him, and a few weeks later' an unexpected opportunity for a holiday took we ae well to' England, and- I heard something more ofWHHard. He had taken 'for the season a small place called Grey Court, in Hampshire, where there waa some fishing and shooting, and here. It was lie made the acquaintance of his soils. Fred, the eldest, was then In the Buffs, and got leave to be .at Grey Court the greater part of 'tlie time Ills father was In England, while the two' others, both successful candidates for the Indian Civil Service, were home from Cam bridge. ' ? Where ''Mrs.' Drummond had bestowed herself at this time I never thought it worth while to ask. The sons were good-looking, tall lads, fair, and more like their mother's than fhnft* /fAir/illtr thov hnrt vigour and muscle about them, clearly an inheritance from, himself, with their good looks. They were sons of whom even an exacting parent might have been proud. Tint if, as I was to see later, iliere wore now disappointments ' and fric tions between the father and sots.' these things were the- outcome of the inevit able condition of ' things, ' and not be cause either one' or the olilier fell short of the high standard eodi had set up. ? - VI. . The Wlllards had been at Grey Court about a month When I home! ; Contrary to any expectation .of mine, Otto no sooner 'heard of my arrival than he wrote inviting me down, for some shooting. The position between father and sons was pretty well established when I got there.. I noticed at once that the young , men seertied to appre ciate Mi1 father's society, ' and were visibly not a little proud 'of him ; yet tbey treated' him wltfh ' rattier'' a strained deference and respect -that had no real affection in It. There was -a llfe- lon'g grudge, between them. I traced the work of Mrs. -Dram- 'mond here, trad Williard was not the man. to make a bid for any good will, which was not entirely spontaneous. He had,dropped into a tolerably easy way -with.: .ilkem, (half-brotherly, iiMf foitlherly, and; would hare been' on the best of terms 'with them, ; and in the receipt of their most unlimited respect, if the shadow of their neglected re lationship had not ever hovered be tween them Hire a ghost. It was' a thousand pities 'they were Tela'ted, ? -tih'ey would have rn.iie such excellent casual friends. ? I recollect. now. a. remark of Williard at dinner : my. first evening there, .it somehow brought' . :ba)ck - the: half obliterated vision o£M1ss Rosamund to my memory, and.set me wondering if 'he 3iad done anything since his arrival in England,, jto.- 'advance . ihis suit With her. -WHliard's youngest boy waa called Otto, after him, a -, name his friends, ...(harking , Kaclc, peifhaps, to grandmotherly times, corrupted into ' Tottic.' ' 'Williard violently disliked this,' and lie had. Ms own emphatic way of saying BO. 'Why do yon make sucfh a- fool of the fellow? ' Tottic !' I tell you once for all to stopit. It's enough to spoil tihe boy's prospects in life !' Then bis tone ohajnged. 'No need to think yon are poaching on : my ? preserves. There are few enough people who'll ever wan't to call me ' Otto' again.' - Tllie- talk laMgu'Mied. The young men. dild /not relish, tllie autlioritaitilye tone, wihlle I could not help wandering if Miss Main waring would ever care to claim tihe privilege, and call hiin by the name of which he spoke. My speculations concerning the young lady were partly satisfied next morning by Fred WUHard, who, tit seems, had made Rosamund's : acquaintance ait Dover soon after her return from India. He told melt was she w!lio had recom mended ; Grey Court to them, and that they frequently met -her now; as she1 was visiting some cousins 'at a nalgih bouring place. Whether Fredt at all suspected his father's admiration of the young' laidy ? I was not able o detect I imaigtoe mot, for Fred was a plain spoken . youth, and doubtless would have mentioned it simce he kite* I had met Miss Maiinwaring at Burr.ipar. I liked, the young soldier, Fred,, the best of all Williard's sons. . He 'reminded me *-E what Jus father was in India, and away from his ' en-, eumbrainces', though Fred' owned^a ,re marka'ble amount of bluff candour lii great contrast to Williard's eternal reti cence!' '' '''''. ' ' ' During ' the 'next ' few days we saw Miss Malnwaring and /her cousins 'many times. ' They 'canfe to J tennis -ait Grey Court, and we went out '. to shoot over the uncle's ? preserve, wlien the ' young todies came out find joined us. - DAnnmvii'n^ coarao/1 hnmlf/iDilmolif pretty . tlhaini ever.' but I; confess- \V 11-, ltaipd's. behaviour .with her! puzzled' me.! His reserve aind quiet seemed .'to,, coil- j centrate, themselves in her . presence, ; though I. noticed., he, still took as. great a delif^hi, in .jwa'tching: hep' bright per-, eoivaMty amid gay little .ways., as of old, nuid that once Ms face' llghted up with a radiant, look of .pleasure which was positively boyish iijvheu'lshe ckme 'reund by Mm and examined. Jiils: gun: ''? :i;;' ; With' herltttle'''gaxiti'tlteted hiuids hoTd tmg tlhe'Stok^/and'her half eerlcras/ half mischievous1 e3*Cs'' meeting ? his '--wflibiHy1 grave, earnest ones, She reminded' thlm of the 'UixwVard' incident,' and1 ' how you Baved.'-iitiy-.'Hfei'-'' mi- »i » ? 'Not yours, Miss- MaiLnwairlng; only, a poor wretch of a syce's.', I never had the toapplin'eSss '-to'- do, ioo /much ,, for you.: You were/too, , groitefiul, that 1 was. all. You jmnde.,;too muoh of—*., i AV'jM'Jisis . Hfltowartag, It was , 1- who owed some;, iihtog; ttoat'c day,,^',.. you.') ,r t vJinaidij: Bauglit the . words, Iiut I $a\v.;his glance linger In iliens. She laughed, uneasily,' amd ,,let 'hei; long lnshes, (kt-op to .'iiide. her eyes'. ? , .. ' Arid tills gun— Is It the same sort? Show yours to nie, too, please !' 'She turned « way. with a sort of' petulance towarils 'Fi^d. ' ' ' Wiilli'uiwl leant back'ou his elbow. We were picnicking on a bank under ?tflie lee Of wj nut copse. . He took his cap off. 'arid thrust back Ills' 'Uriels dark hair from ofT his foroliead, and I noticed he did not wen look at Rosa minitl ^rallu waniugjagarni. ???Nl^Wt 'after 'n'ig.ut I 'heard Mm pa'dug hills Bmoking-room floor till almost day breaik, aaul more tlian once a strong tomphi'tion came over me to get, up and go down to diini, to tell him .lie was a fool to 'tHrus hesitate, and assure Mm ,'bhiat. tth'a,t liandsotmo face of h.1s, 'hte splendid phyBlque, should win a way for h'lm In a 'fenVinlne heart a great deal more difiic.ilo tlia'n that o'f M.1BS RoBa niund Mate waning. ' It was well enough, though, to think out such thoughts to their logical con clusion 'in my isolltiKte. It was another niiaittcir 'to approaeOi with them n man i I * ULLO -- Itl.vllU. ? I con I began to regard ivim as rather a fool to mot as h'e did. and even now ft. .hais never been satisfaictorily cTe'ared up for me Whether It was«Invply doubt of tela power to win the girl in ?tih'e' faco of some obstacles, or wheiiher it wins tfhe suspicion, of a something graver, more serious, still, which held Ihlm Ivaek from her. For unyeelf I never iliad had till a least doubt of Rosa mund's Willlngnesa to accept him until one Sunday— I recdlleo't, it was tlie second Sunday of my stay at Grey Court, I was strolling 3m the Fir Walk, wlh'lch carimeeted WiillSurd's place and tiralt of Rosamund's uncle, wlhen I came in sight of ,'tilie unmistailcable forms of tho young lady aind Fred Williaird sitting together after fadhiion that was un e qui voca illy lover-like. The ttruth flatflied on me in an instant, I realteed liiow fblin'd I had been. I re called a score of olrcumstianoes to 'cor roborate my sudden fear. I went back to tlie house, for Fred and Ms companion had been mudh too cnigros^ed tn 'their own society to notice me, bearing wilih mo a very heavy iheaii't indeed for poor Williard, and willing the. two young people I left be hind into in the Fir Walk rather gra tuitously a couple of selfish fools. A few nights after my discovery 5n 1lhe Fir Walk young Otto and I were learning 'out over tlhie balcony: of ? the billla'rd-i'-oom, when we were a wn, re sud denly tjiat Fred and Rosamund were talking 'together tin tlie garden below. I hardly realised wiila't tihey Were say ing till Otto conserved, with more accuracy 'Eli-a'n elegance, that ' Old Firmed was aiwfully gone on Rosie Maiinwar ing,' and them lihcar' 'remarks arranged tltemselves 'into some sort of sequence in my ears. . ? : ' ilt's so easy to go to a. man like your father, Fred. He's so young— (he'll sympathise and say 'yes' in a moment 1'im sure.. ; it cain''t be so long ago since he felt like we do himself, you . know.' Mies Rosamund was saying, and then Fred 'answered her ? ? 'Young flaittiers' aren't such unmixed blessings,, my daitog, I can tell yooi ! It's not so m'any days ago 'I was pre cious jealous of ray own father, do you know ? I thought he was nearly as mucih to . love with you. as a oertalin Ijnmtile somebody else, who'd 'make n very poor show .in 'the field by the side of him. Eh, my little girl ?' ' Oli, Fred, you silly,' silly' .thing I' And; tihen, 'there 'followed a ripple of merry laughter- as' the two dlsappeaTed among -the shadows. ? - Young Otto joined in tlie laugh quii Be oi-en]y, add ing,: ' Good old Fred, he's, too proud of liimself to mil ire any secret of how tha't'lamd lies !' as I made some speech about o\ir having no business to over hear their conversation thus. : ; ? : Alxyut a weCOc afterwards, coming, down to dinner- in answer to the early gong, I found Fred and liis fabhter alone ,in tlie drawing-room. - Wdlliaid' 'had Ms ii'and on tihe young feltow's arm, amd was talking to hinr ln tfis naturally deep-toned, quiet voice,, 'but there was a troubled look in 'his eyes, and a nervous, contracted strain about the eyebrows and mouth, which I had never seen, before, and whilch Fred apparently did not observe. Guessing the subject of their talk, I was closing tilie door again, with a' view ??to. beating a liaiSty retreat, when Wil-. .Hard called to me : 'Don't go, Jones. You ought to- be one of the first, bo hear 'tihe n ews. /'This fellow, Fried, Is— engaged— going' to Triarry— 'Miss Malnwarlng,' {md then he added, ; cXasping ia,nd lin clasping Ms fingeivi round a .little staitueltte oai- the mantelshelf as he ispMce, 'I have done so little all their lives for these sons 'of mine, .Tones, lt:j seems a sort of duty to make 1(h'is boy 'hirppy now. He's a trifle young for it 'to be sure, 'but— — ' ' You wert younig' yourself, sir, once under 'the satme eiiwsmstancea,' ? Fred blundered. 'Yds, I was young once. myself,' Wil llttt'd saild, 'an d I supposn? now I am leatinlnig What it means to be old.' The words of congratulation I utteired imrist have .i had, a very trite, unreal sotind, and ' I toitally forget how Fred replied to them. At the time I felt completely stumped by this crude iri teiipreteitilon of. WUTiatd's recent con duct, aind irritated beyond measure at ?' Fred's isublme jgnonance .of the saieri fioe mode on WIS befaialf. -I; stood, and ?sBarea at tine ra'tuier ana. son, looking, . I have no doubt, aia oibsoJute fool, ? hs I uttered 'my InWherenit , congitaltmla tions. 'It was a. welcome, relief 'to 'all ; of us \\\\-ilien the dinner, gang boomed ou't again. ? ? ir I held my x-eace, and ? made my mind up: all Wait evening,' and - wheii- -Wie household had retired '.I' went , boldly, .and beiirdcd Williard in . 'Ms . smoking ?roomV . ... ,?- '?)?' , .. . : I lenew, of course, I was weeks too , la'te— yet, I- felt, foa* once . I must speak my mind out. ? ? ' , I thought 'Williard looked inore like an old ' main' thalii I had ever seen him -a'si I opened the door, aiid found hint Sitting by 'the tiaible, his -'hand -nci-oss the book Ave. was not attempting to l-ead, I and hi!s' 'handsome face! shadowed by thisi green tshoid© of the lamp. -? ,.i, ? ? jv ' He .looked up,, amid, raJsed- his,- eye ; bijowa— pleaaSy .he .Jiad- no '.parttcnlAv.'-i | desire, foe my. soulety. ,;-j 'i;VI lightedta..plpe, and- smokedii. inlnute: !' in! silence. , .'.Williard,'. -X said,,- theii, ... wliiit^-.In the- ,~w'6'rld.' lis the; meaning ' :iot this, engagement ; of,. Fred ? .What. ,.^re . you' thinking of '?:,;: Itfs- absurd, r, totallyiftbsurdiVi'I: looked afc/hlm, and ? \- he ' met'- my ' eyes ''iteadlly;- ;and knew ' t perfectly' whfttJ It wiis '.they 'Implied..- ' :i' At- lait' Williard stood ' up' aiid1 leaii-t 1 liis shoulder against the bronzeK6n':the' ' uihiitel-shelf.'--' He half closetJ'hls eyes, arid smiled., ;.! ',;.,i.v - ? ,(; t' I don'ti thiiik -I ishouldj have asked ii you 'here; Jones,' old -man; If I 'had 'known how things would end. It's a , st'range''ehdln'g,' God knows.''- . . He; walked up' 'and. down 'the floor, and then1 by'-ahd-by. went . on. In a 'more natural tone;: -, ? ? v ' '..Just consider,. .Tones,: my ?'friend, the . sort of parent , I have been contented to:be to-; those boys. ? - They've never ?had a soul to lovo -them - since i their, mother died. I owe a good deal to them. ? 'But why do. we talk of It? You mean well, .Tones, but a man cau get on best without talking sometimes. You don't mind leaving me to myself, do you ? Good- night. I hope they make yoji comfortable here— see after you, and all that sort of thing.' He gave me Ills hand, and - I went away, not In the least offended at my dismissal, only sick at heart, and fur Ions with all the world excepting him. From that night Williard burled his I'-i'lings very successfully. He was a' little^ quieter and sterner, I thought. Otherwise there was no change for any one to notice. 'I was the only, one who was not abso lutely astonished when, somewhere about this time, he announced his iu tention of cutting short his leave by a couple of months. Turn fiVI/l -,-1 mo, In Tilo „.tn -1«/1 settlements, . which set everything straight and comfortable for the young people, though T believed Fred* con sidered the lectures, and admonitions he was also made the recipient of, very superfluous talk, and Rosamund felt \ herself defrauded of her just dues since her future father-in-law at parting never bestowed upon her the paternal kiss of benediction she clearly had a right to expect. ? ' ?Williard made some hearts supremely happy, these shortcomings notwith standing, and he never shadowed any one's existence, by the knowledge of his own sacrifice. He went back to his work .in his quiet characteristic way ; only the Bur rapur people wrote home reproachfully to ask what we had been doing to the collector, to send him back to them an old man. Williard never wrote much -to me. He and I knew, loo much about each other to venture henceforth to be very communicative. Things have changed with all of Us, and reading my 'Times' this evening I came across a paragraph announc ing the death of Sir Otto Tremaine Williard, K.C.S.I. He had received honours and decorations and many re cognitions of his merit since the old Burrapur days. Still, I say it as one speaking with authority, Williard was a braver, truer- hearted man than most men realised. ' That paragraph, stating ' so briefly how he lived and how now he lias died, has awakened these- memories. 