ODR PARIS LETTER. Politics, French and English. Exhibition Notes. r.tms, Octoboi' 13. Drafts from tho South African army litre homing, which is the mast conclusive proof that " the warfare is o'er." The 'anniversary of the sending of the insult- ing ultimatum to the representative of England — Sir Alfred Hilner — to with- i draw the British troops, only mustering I then 3,000 in the colony, or accept war and so save them from being driven into jtho sea, : &c.;, has proved a popular i patriotic peg to hang moralities upon. I It is regrettable that so much of the i sermonising was devoted to tho Boers, instead of to the one great ro- suit their madness produced, making England and lior colonies one, establishing- in a word imperialism. To have achieved that result was worth i tho terrible cost. It has been a mag nificent lesson to the foreigners who' believed that English wealth and power would fall into their hands like ripe , medlars. Indeed, the British Empire / has come out of the fire rejuvenated, rejoioed at tho change, and resolved not to bo again caught napping. French opinion holds that Kitchener is the man . . to complete the work . of Roberts; that ' lie is more determined and resolved to' make a quick finish with the sporadic Krngers who fancy they can restore the : republics they ruined by their being allowed a free hand to ruin and to destroy.. The -hope is expressed that Baden-Powell's police will not he long till they can go on heat. They will exercise a steady repression of all irreconcilables, ' and secure justice for all. . Hunting down iguerillaB must still oxist for a llittlo time ; the pursued will find that their being run to earth involves ah. outlay that they themselves must per- j Bonally pay. Forgiveness becomes daily moro difficult to extend to them. In no | case can it bo granted till all the cannon- ! he accounted for and the stores of small amiSj .where not up to date, destroyed. Declining to send homo any prisoners of !war from St. Helena or Ceylon — about j 16,000— ought to he an accelerating factor to conclude peace. ' But the in surgents are making a great mistake, if they conclude their- fighting tho impos sible now secures them either admira tion or pity. I In _ continental circles tho impos ing triumph tho general elections have ! given Lord Salisbury, has created two beliefs — that the British Empire desires war, . and that it will arm up on a tremendous scale. The rehashed plan of France, having the intention to bring out annually 22 new war vessels for tho ' next five years, will only cause England a smile, while justifying her to expand her armaments— if such wore nccessarv. But Lord Salisbury is not a hysterical or emotional politician. Ho grapples only with patent facts. Then Mr. .Chamhorlain is regarded with fee-fo- 'f urn terror. He is acousod of being tho ; cause of the decision of England I to bury the had politics of tho past. That is a good compliment for Mr. Chamberlain, the moro so since that ! policy has the nation at its back, and will gladly veto all the money to put I the army and navy in order. At present stheso continental apprehensions make y . i Englishmen, who understand their . .country, laugh with tho tips of their lips at that scare, l'n any case it has had a wet- blanket effect on bubbling. ! ' Anglophobists, who have no means now \- to vent their hatred and jealousy; savo i. ;, hy working the old crank— the red hot .'v' , " patriotic praying machine, of inscribing their name on tho sympathetic iegistor before old Kruger's bust in tho Trans- > ; ' "vaal section at .the Exhibition, and. that was..'.tpoj contemptible for any official , Bptic'e'lto "'be ,-takon ' of by British authority. Impounding Kruger's Stolen gold at Lorenzo Marques, > nnd also tho . State archives,' rich in t j ' proofs of culpablo promises of aid from .'pther nations — and purchased already to large extent by ' England ere Uncle !- iDaul couid-snup all up — are tho conso- \- . I Nations-England enjoys in return. There J , 'will not bo many opportunities to \- ecoalesco now against the British Empire jby France and Russia, since Germany p' r ishowB' her interests are moro than & parallel with those of England, and the K "United States are materially important, <?£>- ... iand something more— the conduct of the (other" groat States towards England . j meed never cause her anxiety. She will P . fprovoko none of theso. countries; will tmds.a'iimnhoB'theirlimd- marks ; sho aims to havo and to hold — peace. Of course, in China, wc . narrowly, survey tho action of the Count von W aldersee ; ho is the strong man of the situation. He is watched as to how long tho Chinese will be able to practise their duplicity upon him. No very long hesitation, ,the allies repeat. Then must come tho movement for coercion. The Emperor will not return ; he Will deliver up Prince Tuan and his gang to be tried aud executed; but tho allies caunot follow thc:' imperial court to its Pilgrim's Rest. If John Chinaman intends to fight ho must ho blockaded at once, cut off from receiving food supplies aud war material, while tho cities on the sea . coast and all arsenals will . he captured. And what will happen next ? Endow ' the effete Empire with protectorates. Take for granted that oaoh nation has in its mind's eye its own selectod pro tectorate.' Russia has not stood. upon any ceremony; she has captured the last city or stronghold in Manchuria: Of course the other allies will take their Manchuria also; tho question of open or closed doors will' not bar the way. And what will England do ? Look after her Yang-tse protectorate, of course. No other solution is now possible. Lord Salisbury has not yet officially stated his policy. That will not prevent other allies from acting, provided they do not . infringe on the Eritish sphere of, influence." He can hardly ' expect that ..Ger many will hold back till England makes up her mind. Tho only sound decision for Count von Waldorsec to adopt is to go ahead with vigour, and, if the Emperor persist in not coming to Pokin, to act independently of him ; not permit liim to play any waiting game, or indulge in any tricks. The allies can guuranteo his Majesty's safety; ho must show he is able to guarantee the production, of the rebels who perpetrated or connived at the lato atrocities. -_ It is for the allies . to decide, upon tho guilt of tho accused, and to see tho offenders punished — tho right men in tho right place. When Prince Tuan: is sur rendered that will be a proof of Chinese sincerity. The Indian summer is perfect. France has her "ice saints," but if she could only guarantee the life of St. Martin and that of St. Luke, who pre side over the dog days of October as well as of September, to continue in the discharge of their extraordinary and happy work, all would be satisfactory. The temperature rose from 65 to 75 de grees Fall, in two days. Was it then not quite excusable for the ex hibition official ballet to bo executed by 700 porformors on a gigantic raft in the Seine — cool arid roomy at once. Pro fessor Joubert, ono of the chief astronomers, states, documents in hand, that no such heat as the present has been witnessed in Ootober for 150 years. He ought to be listened to ; his observa tory at tho St. Jacques Tower, in the Rue do Rivoli, is a great boon to ladies. For half a franc they, can ascertain in the morning whether the day will be wet or ' dry, and so arrange their bonnets accordingly. Fifteen largo spots or holes, each as largo as the .earth, have been counted on tho surface of tho sun. That colander accident can well account for Sol's internal heat straining out. There is nothing extraordinary,- then, that there should be a . rush and crush of visitors to Paris. Tho close of the exhibition premises to bo its gayost phaso. That' is a Thracinn trait of manners — whoso people rejoiced "at a death- and mourned over a birth. The English are now streaming into Paris — proof that they . view with \ indifference tho recent inter national bad manners of the French. But, as Mrs. Malaprop says, for a lasting liking it is best to commence with a little aversion. The only damper on tho annals of the big show is that it will close with a gigantic deficit. Such adventures never paid, save tho only two that the English Government held. Tho losses may help to keep the memories of tho other world's fairs green. , . ": There is a . decided hostility by the exhibition concessionists, to making the commissions bear- some of tho - losses by reducing the amount of the concessions ; -to' stir them iuto active . Good - "Samaritame'm, they will bo indicted ' for sotting -up as ' keoping mammoth lodging -houses, and so. bringing the rate' of interest down,. '.Only the State is njaver cast in damages. The fino weather has bad for . effect to destroy "tire ghost < season that was so profitable to so i many bolievers in spoof. It is difficult now- to run it haunted .liouso ; perhaps IMaj intense lieat is fits hurtful . to '.tho ghosts' 'pro-, 'A ' ''OA-. sence as cook., crowing. M. Dosmoulin's is n cqso where the spirits are as strong as muscular Christians. That gentlo- man is both an engraver and an artist, and the bosom friend of Zola, by whom ho stood during the' sternly days of tho Dreyfus persecution. Desmoulins scoffed at _ the "speerits"; thoy, soon captured him ; they broke chains over his head— never upon it— and raised tables and such domestic knick-knacks as high as tho thirty-storied house, about being built in London. The ghosts at first could notmnko him a better artist than what ho was, ii little practice and his " dry points " hocamo' things of beauty and joys for over. Till the curtain falls on the attraction at the Champ de Mars Paris will remain in holiday attire till closing bo pronounced on Novombor 6\. Why not adopt tho 'Kaiser's plan of giving three knocks — -to mark , time and tho commencement of "tho fete. His Majesty employed the three blows when recently inaugurating the Tatinus, laying - the foundation stone of the Imperial Museum at Saalburg. It is tho classic means employed at all French plaeos of amusement in response to tho paradisaical demand to " up with; the rag." Politics have come to a pretty pass bore, when not even the tail of any party can deniand to lay siege to tho Ministry. ' If that continues,; .the Government will remain in office till the Chinese Emperor returns to Pokin,., or Princo Tuan's head figures on the great wall of China. Tho exhibition , caused all riotous factions to bury the hatchet. Might -not the troubles in China bo utilised to ' a similar -' end ? Much of the present calm is duo to the popularity of President Loubet ; he has no axe to grind; he docs aim at making the republic republican, not as poor Carnot, make it aristocratic by doing " side," or gingerbread Napoleon- ism like unfortunate Faure. And suc ceeding in that task is one of the net products of tho exhibition. He entered upon office with a smashed hat and Red Indian yells from Mohican politicians. To-day ho i6 assured of a tomb in the' Pantheon — for in the midst of life wo are in death. He had decorated M. Legrand, of tho firm Fotel and Chahot, who so successfully catered for the late banquet of 22,000 mayors — not one of whom has died of tho boa constrictor's ropust, proof of its' oxcellence. As it never rains but it pours, tho navy has been made as happy as the army officers. Henceforth both will not bo compelled to indulge in tho " catching an heiress " business in- order to merit permission to marry. They can woo and wed like common mortals, the supporting of a wife being loft to their own responsibility. The services relinquish tho selection- of brides. But the officers are cxpcctcd .to do nothing that would reflect on the doth. Automobilism has now to compete with ballooning as a pastime. Until the balloons can bo steered' they cannot conyoy passengers, letters, parcels post matter, or work . Maxim guns. ' The international balloon racing programme is: Mount as high as you can— 9,000 yards is the sky lifeline — and go as far as you can, to Poland, Pekin, tbo Pilgrim's Rest, or anywhere else. Com to de Ynulx- floated to Russian -Poland some days ago in his aerial craft the Centaur. - He - has just returned to Paris, and is starting for.another spin — the balloons spin roiind when voyaging. Being .wealthy tho count is able- to inflate with pure hydrogen gas— makes it himself; it is costly, but very light, and loss dangerous than the ordinary coal gas. But it does not belong to the " laughing " variety. It is no joke in any ease to hang in the air by such a reed. 