YISPERNA1 VARIETIES. (By VESPERUGO.) : ' "A bloody war and quick promotion!" That was/the favourite Army toast in the. peppery old Peninsular days, when men fought for the mere love of lighting, and went forth to meet the foe as Joyfully ns the bridegroom goetii forth to meet his bride. It was a most; qn-C'hrlstlanllke sentiment, of course, but n: very natural one, all the same; one of those jier'plexlngly peculiar affairs which caused Byron to peevishly wonder why most of the- tilings n man dearly loves to do arc counted: sinful, ivhlle those for 'which ho -lias nu in-; cllnaticn whatever ore labelled '.'highly meri torious." The- reason why the martial men of: -'bid 'longed for a sanguinary stfu.gic. is easily, understood. Every subaltern - killed meant that some walling aspirant for a commission would step Into the dead man's shoes. Every: captain who goes down In battle makes room for every lieutenant in the name reglriient to ""go up one.": Should a senior mujor ' or a ; colonel fall, the satisfaction (there, is. really; no other word tb express the. feeling) Is_rnore general) for his death rnearis another rung up the ladder to practically every officer in the two linked bnlta'.lons. -In the piping times of peace a subaltern may rust for: years with about as much; chance of getting a canonisation as he has of getting a.company. I11 the wild whirling time1 'of -war -he may get It in a week, a day, per- haps ari hour. , At Albiiliera, one of the blood- ' Iris't battles ever won by British soldiers, the; BTth lost, In killed and\vounded, 415 oiSt. of a: total: of 579 engaged. The sole command thereby fell upon Lieutenant Mann, who at the commencement of the action was in runic the fourteenth officer only. At Salamanca the' l'lth Foot, now the Devonshire Regiment, loqt all Its officers except .four. Those for tunate four were promoted on the field, the captain receiving his lieutenant-colonelcy, arid the three subalterns getting their com panies. Furthermore, no fewer than eleven privates received their gold stripes, and se venteen were appointed corporals and lance- corporals." Tt Is an 111 >vind indeed that does .not blow good to someone. Judged by tlie old-time ' Btandard the .Transvaal campaign will prove a capital one for those who five to see It through. The loss of officers on the British side has been Blriiply appalling, and as a natural sequence, the galri-ls very great to the survivors who stand next on the list. Amongst other deplorable . records the Innlsklfilng, Fusiliers lost four teen out of seventeen officers -in the. despe rate : struggle at Grobler's Kloof Hill. .The /doughty, deeds of that dauntless combariy re call portions of the Old Testament, which tell how ;an army went forth to battle and was '.'cut .to pieces," but by some marvellous means of reconstruction and recuperation it speedily went to the front onee more, where It was carefully "out to pieces" as before. After the crude carnage at Grobler's Kloof .BiU- -the Indomitable Innlsklllings turned up at Pleter's Hill, . where they .were "simply mc.wn down;" among their slain being the Colonel, both Majors, and two' Senior-Cap tains! And then we t'ead of the lion-hearted Colonel Hunt, who nearly lost his reason when he discovered that at the Colenso car- "nage he h'ad lost every brother officer on' his "battery of Royal Artillery. This war has certainly been bloody enough to make the ghosts .of the grim lighters of old form in line '.on' the Elyslan Fields, and howl over their enforced inaction. There, Is a silver lining to every cloud, and a considerable amount of joyful satisfaction .may be derived from the cablegram which tells, oit the amazement of the people of Ja- -cobsdal on finding that the Brlftsh coriquer- ors,did- not loot the town, but, on the con- /trary, distributed army stores to such of the .conquered as were In want of food. If 'the "ghosts" above referred to catch sight ol that Item of intelligence they will redouble (heir howling, for, In their time, next to the fun of fighting, the looting of a captured city was reckoned as the most enjoyable ex citement a war could afford. 'In that dim and dubious period styled the "good old days " a vlctorkus General .would amuse himself, arid impress the people, by gouging out the eyes of his captives with his thumbs, or building a Pyramid with their skulls; in fact, the Bible tells of one. warrior with a love ot originality and novelty who, having over come certain kings, cut off -their hands and" feet, and compelled them to go or, -'- all fours, like dogs, and. . live ,-ori- -the scraps that were thrown from his table. To-day the captive Cron je sits to breakfast with his captor as an honoured guest. The world docs move. It must move when J. Bull's brawny shoulders are put to the wheel. Formerly the rule of war was— Kill the other fellow, and then kick the corpse To-day Great Britain, ever to the front with generous deeds, sends two armies In the field; the arrny that Is forced to kill and the army that cheerfully volunteers to cure. Even as late as the opening of the Crimean war there was not an ambulance transport establish ment In existence. To-day England has in South Africa alone 282 medical officers of the Royal Army Medicnl Corps, 28 quarter-mas ters, 2050 other ranks. 68 civilian surgeons, 66 nursing sisters, and 800 men drawn from the Army Service Corps, to assist In the trans port of the wounded. During the Crimean campaign the sickening scenes In the human- shambles would have Hhamed Dahomey in its darkest days. To-day Tommy Atkins, In hos pital, has all the medical care and comfort that a millionaire could command, and, to use his own lingo, he "lives like a bloomtn' torff," and "will never be short of anythink while he's flve-fect-ten, and a Soldier of the Quean." A religious contemporary has just announ ced tliat "In Atlanta, Georgia, the usual problem has had to be faced— how to get men to attend church," The Baptist clergyman met this trying trouble by appointing maiden ushers, Instead of elderly men, to show the congregation to their seats, and the result was a success so pronounced that the Sydney pious paper suggests the novel ' experiment should be tried here. "That would be very nice indeed!" as the Rev. Robert Spalding remarked when informed that he might be shipped off to join the Mormons, and from a financial point of view very satisfactory as well. The Atlanta church was simply packed like a herring cask, and for once in modern religious annals the places of bonnets and babies were filled by breeches and beards. Men flocked to church even as they would to the opening performance of a new high- kicking comedy company, and when the bIx seductive sirens took up the collection- the bags -panned out so profitably M at the en- ti-rprlslg pastor declared he hui- struck a second Klondyke. Carping critics have de nounced this breezy business as being of the earth earthy. But the men of Atlanta pro nounce It to be simply heavenly, and the di vine diplomat who started It contends that the end justifies the means. "Once get the people Inside the church, -and the Lord and mvself will manage the rest." » The danger exlBts, however, thai the . new attraction will not ho allowed to remain In its present simple Innocent form. Fired with righteous religious zeal, a clerical rival will soon "go one better" than the BaptlBt.' and employ twelve lady ushers, clad In fancy ccstumes, chiefly remarkuble for the fact that the dresses commence far too low down,' and end far too high up entirely. Then the circus will begin In real earnest, for ano ther up-to-date divine will engage u whole ballet troupe, and vary the choral service with a saltatory "turn" which, as the post ers will probably state, "must be seen to be appreciated." This pushing prelate will be able to Justify his "tin de slecle" action on Scriptural grounds, too, for David danced before the Ark In a style that shocked his wife, and would make even the "Wild Man from Borneo" bluBh to-day; but, of course, it must be remembered that dancing u as foc- merly looked upon as a religious exercise, and was probably one of the earliest forms of prayer. Where all these peculiar Innova tions will end Is hard to say. What they will end can be guesBed "In 'once," for no thing can be more certain than that they will end whatever Influence for bettering hu manity Is at present possessed by the Church. 