41/ WP# f ©winl- A ?jyBMiS life? HER MAJESTY AND THE EMERALD ISLE. [From Que Own Representative.] London, April 3. Within the past few days the Queen has become dearer than ever to her loyal sub jects on account of her thoughtfulness in arranging a triangular surprise for them. First, her Majesty on three successive days last week drove through the streets of Lon don, and was cheered as only Englishmen can cheer ; secondly, the fact that she not nnlv has nermitted but enioined the wearing of 'the shamrock by all ranks in the Irish regiments on St. Patrick's Day, March 17th ; and last, certainly not least, her decision not ' to be abroad at this time,' but, instead, to visit Ireland, where her son, the Duke of Connauglit, is commanding the army. The visit will take place early next month', the Viceregal Lodge (depicted in our sketch) be ing the residence of the Queen during her stay. A year more than a half-century has elapsed since her Majesty visited Ireland for the first time, and nine and thirty years have sped since she paid her last visit. When the Duke of York went there three years ago, he was most hospitably received. The forthcoming visit — being of asocial and not of a nolitical character — is a genuine compliment, and cannot but awake en thusiasm in the breast of the most phlegma tic Hibernian. The Queen, it may be re called, has never visited Ireland before in the spring, her three previous visits to Dublin — in ISIS), 1S53, and 1S61 — all having taken place in August. It was on her last visit, to Ireland in 1S61, when her Majesty entered Kingstown on August 21st, that the Queen, who was accompanied by Prince Albert, the Prince of Wales, and the Duke of . Edinburgh, first saw the Killarnev Lakes. .1 m- l*'«' ~ VlCE/RE-GAA. L°D6t f Situated very prettily in the famous Phoenix Park, less than half an hour from the metropolis, yet as completely sylvan in its surroundings as if it were fifty miles dis tant in the country, the Viceregal Lodge possesses all the characteristics of a really charming home. The house itself lies on the right hand side of the central road of the park as one approaches from Dublin. It was built in the middle of the 18th century. The Ranger of the Phoenix Park in 1751 was the Right Hon. Nathaniel Clements, and he it was who built the elegant lodge for his private residence. Thirty years elapsed, and the Government purchased it for the use of the Lords-Lieutenants of Ireland. From time to time it has been much en larged and beautified, whilst the ground immediately surrounding the house, and separated from the public portion of the park by a wide sunk fence, has been laid out in gardens, and planted with considerable taste. The windows in the south fagade command a most picturesque vista of Phoenix Park, whilst against the horizon the blue line of the Dublin and Wicklow hills may be seen stretching away south-east to the confines of the county Wicklow. The chief entrance to the lodge is from the north side. The drawing-room is excep tionally spacious and chaste with white and gold colouring. The Viceregal Lodge must not be confounded with Dublin Castle, an older and more baronial-looking pile in Castle Street, right in Dublin city, and is associated more closely with the high cere monial functions of the Viceroy in Ireland. Here he holds his ' drawing-rooms.' with all the ceremony of a Court, in the Throne Room. It is one of the customs of these functions that each debutante , on being pre sented to his Excellency, receives a kiss on the cheek from the representative of her Majesty. It was from a window of the Viceregal Lodge that Lord Spencer, one day in May, 18S2, saw a slight struggle in the roadway through the park. It was not until an hour or so later that he knew he had been a witness of one of the tragedies of Irish history — the assassination of Mr. Burke and Lord Frederick Cavendish. Happier day* % have now come to the country. EABL AND COUNTESS CADOGAN. The new Army Order regarding the wear ing of the ' green immortal shamrock ' is a happy thought on the part of Her Majesty, and cannot but do much towards erasing the ' bitter memories of 1798. The shamrock is the ticfoil. Whilst the Druids used it to cure diseases, the Irish use it as a national emblem. Brand tells us in his 'Popular Antiquities' that when St. Patrick landed t near Wicklow to convert the Irish in 413 the pagan inhabitants were ready to stone him He begged to be heard, and endeavoured to explain the Deity to them as the Trinity in Unity. They failed to understand his teach ing until, ' picking up a trefoil from the ground, he said, ' Is it not as possible for the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost as for these leaves to grow upon a single stalk ?' Then the Irish were immediately convinced. An old writer says that the ' Christian Irish hold the seamroy (shamrock) sacred because of three leaves united in one stalk. The ' seamroy ' is alluded to in an Irish-English dictionary as ' clover, trefoil, worn by Irish men in their hats by way of a cross on St. Patrick's Day, in memory of the great, saint.' Spenser, in his view of the state of Ireland in 1596, speaking of ' those late warres of Mounster,' says the people were 'so reduced that, ' if they found a plot of water-cresses or shamrocks, there they docked' as to a feast for the time.' It is also inter esting to note that the Welsh also lay claim to St. Patrick, and that the Welsh Fusiliers are required to wear the leek on St. David's Day, March 1, for ' rouse ' and ' tattoo ' ; that it has been the custom since 1675 for all members of the Northumberland Fusi liers in parading on St. George's Day, April 23rd. to wear a red and white rose in their busbies, and that in the 18th Royal Irish Regiments the shamrock is interwoven in the colours and the decorations of the uni form. We also give portraits of the Earl and Lady Cadogan. The Earl has been the Viceroy or Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland since July 8th, 1S95. He is the fifth Earl, and was' born in 1840, succeeding his father in 1S73. The first Baron was a general officer under Marlborough, and the present Earl is a grand-nephew of the first Duke of Wel lington. Since 1886 Earl Cadogan has been an honorary colonel of the City of London Regiment, and he is also hereditary trustee of the British Museum. In 1873 he was M.P. for Bath, in 1875 became Parliamen tary Secretary for War, from 1878 to 1880 was Under-Secretary for the Colonies, and officiated as Lord Privy Seal from 1886 to 1892\. In 1865 he married Lady Beatrix, fourth daughter of the second Earl of Craven. Earl Cadogan's heir is Viscount Chelsea, the Conservative M.P. for Bury St. Edmunds. 