A police court! In my amazement at being' threatened with a policeman, I let them go. I sank back' upon the scat, feeling as though I hod been stunned. The train started. I sat still there. My faculties were so disorganised as to render me unablo to realise my situation. To hare had con temptuous compassion dealt out to mc as though I werl^r swindler and a thief! It was only when Red Hill had been left behind that I became conscious of the fact that I had not been left alone in the carriage. My accuser remained. He himself drew my attention to his presence. 14 Well, how do you feel?" I looked up. He had placed himself on tho opposite scat, right in front of me. I glared at him. Ho smiled. HadT obeyed the impulse of tho moment I should have caught him by tbo thro it and crashed the life right out of him. Rat I restrained my - indignation. 44Ton—you villain 1" Ho laughed; a curious, mirthless laugh. It was like adding fad to the flame. 41Do you know what you have done? Youhavo endeavoured to put a brand of shame upon a man who never, consciously, was guilty of a dishonourable action in his life." 44 Well, and how do you feel?" 4 4 Feel! God forgive mc, but I fed as though ^should like to kilt you." He pat up his hand and stroked his beard less chin. "Yes, that is how I used to fed, at first." What do you mean?" Ho leaned forward and looked mo keenly in the face. •« Do yon not know me?" I paused before I answered. So far as my recollection went his face was strangoto me. Still, my memory might err. • "Is it possible that we have met before? Can I have given you any—even the slightest cause, to do this thing ?" ! " You are right iu your inference—I did it all. It was I who put tho cards in your • pocket." 44 You—yon devil!" This time my indignation did get tho better of me. I sprang forward to seize him by tho throat, but, with a dexterous movement, he eluded me. Missing my aim I fell on my knees on the floor. Rising to his feet, he looked down at mc, and smiled. 44 Do you not know me now "Know you!—No!" 44 I am Francis Former." "Francis Farmer!" 441 am the guardian of the cards. Did not the constable tell you that where they were I was always close at hand ?" 44 But—Farmer's dead!" "That is so. He's dead." Scrambling to my feet 1 caught holder support, of the railing which was intended for light loggage. What did he mean? Was the fellow, after all, some wandering lunatic, who should not have been suffered to be at large ? He was standing at tho other end of tho carriage regarding me with his curiously mirthless smile. He did not look a lunatic; on the contrary, he appeared to be a person of even unusual intelligence. Ho was very tall. Ho was dressed from head to foot in black, after the undertaker fashion, which is so common in the United States. His checks were colourless, his eyes almost unnatur.illy bright. With those two^ excep tions there was nothing about him which was. iu any way uncommon, and even pale cheeks and fliishiog eyes are not phenomenal. "Still, lam Francis Farmer." . * His voice was not at all American—it wa$ soft and gentle. Stooping he picked up tho pack of cards. He began, as it were, to tondle them with liis hands. 44 My cards! My own old cards! The tools whichhave so often won for mo both bread and cbeeso! Is it strange that I should regard them almost as my'own children, sir ? That I should be careful wliero they arc—to be always close at bund ? . * I fashioned them with my own fingers. And so fine was tho art I used, that skilled eyes have beheld them ~ many and many a time, yet never perceived a flaw." 44 Do I understand yon to say, deliberately, that you are Francis Fanner ?" 44 Indeed I am." " Then, at tho next station at which wc stop I will give information to the police, fee notorious a rogue cannot be allowed to Jjc jjJ large." • 44 But Francis Farmers dead." 44 He was supposed to be. You are not tin first rogue who has feigned to be dead." 44 Bur, in truth, he's dead. They sat upon his corpse. Tlioy brought it in that he'd been gxxilty of felo dc sc. And,- sinco no one came to claim bis body, they buried bim at Port land, among bis brother rogues ; and tboro .holies, within bearing of the sea.; Permit mo to show* you tho place where the rope was about bis neck, and where he thrust tho knife into his breast." * ■ 4 Tearing bis waistcoat open be advanced towards me, as if to show me the liall- marks of tho suicide. I waved him back again. "Do not think to fool mc with such Ho paused, and eyed me—always with bis curious smile. •. • " "You are a sbrowd'raan. I perceived it when 16aw you at Scotland Yard." "You saw mo at Scotland Yard !"• "Where else? I was.with you in the museum, when you were Beeing all the eights. And when the constable took out tbe cards— my cards!—I perceived that you were, a man after my own heart. So when the super _^8 mis fl Htfrlft stitious fellow—you remember, ho was a.little superstitious, was he not?—put them back into their place, I took ftio liberty to borrow them—why not? They were my-own, tho works • of my own hand!—and 1 went with you down the stairs.' " You went with mc down the stairs. And along the Strand, to Simpson's. I sat beside you as you lunched. You did not see mo. It was not strange. Permit me hut • one word. You are too fond of beef!. It was a meat which, in my hungriest days, I never loved. When you had lunched, I slipped my arm through yours " # " lou slipped your arm through mine. "But, indeed, I did, and at the same moment I slipped my cards into the pocket of tout overcoat.«• Per I diked you^al though for yonr beef I had a constitutionuiWisrelish." I had a constitutional disrelish for the style of conversation which he appealed to favour., As I*listened to him .talking in;-that cold blooded way, of whatj. to say iha.least of it, • were absolute impossibilities, ! began to . b? conscious of a fit of shivering,. as though -I had plnnged unawares into a bath of ice-cold water. *. : . "You—you don't czrpcct ■ me .to believe these fairy tales?" " I went with you- to tho station, then, when the train was starting, I thought it time I should appear. So I appeared. I resolved that you should win, say, £GU, and then—I would expose you." v "Exiose mc!; Good heavens, man cr demon—why?!' - # • 1; " Because I hoped to find in you a worthy successor to my fame;'. ,, , I stared at him aghast. What could lie mean ? . r " "Do you—dd you moan that-you hoped to find in mo the malting of a thief ?" ■■ h -"Such words are hard. I hoped to find in you an artist, my dear sir." You consummate' scoundrel I - Han or demon, I shall he very much tempted, in half a minute, io tbrdwfyou through the carriage window." " Try it." Tho'fellow stood upright, his arms to his sides. There was 110 appearance of bravado in his tone. ? He. seemed- com pletely at his ease.* "Tonchmo! -Graspme, if you can! " t, , I took up his challenge on the instant.- But scarcely hadT adduced a step than -1, was compelled to take refuge on the seat. Ho stood and watched me for a moment. Then he came and touched me. His touch was real enough, but.1 shrank from it with a sense of loathing which '! urn powerless-to* put into words. • " See, l am quite real." Strangely enough, it was then that, for tbe first time, I doubted ' it. " It is. only when I wish.it that I am a thing of air." Biding 'over.ie. fixed his bright eyes uponmy face. His glance had on me that paralysing effect which is popularly supposed" to be an attribute of certain members of the serpent tribe. " me teach you the secret of my cards ? He held the pack in froiit otmc—I knew he held it, although for the life of mc I could not have removed iby\ eyes from off his face. So we remained in silence for some moments. -ThQju he went on, his. tone seeming-, to-steal like some stupefying poison into my veins. "This is a great day for me. It.is a day I have looked forward to ever-since I—-died. It was not an heroic death. To stab, oneself with a common warder's common knife, to hang oneself with a prison sheet from.ihe bar of a broken window. One would^not choose a death like that. < And yet, if die one.- must, what matters it how one dies ? And time has its revenges! All things come to those-.ibat wait—at last! at'last I After many:days Fro found a friend." "■ I tried; to breathe. I could not. Some thing seemed to choke me, . I was overcome by a great weight of horror ahd-r disgust. ;-It seemed to stifle me.' ' • - •. . v . "Do you know where we are sitting, you and T? This, carriage is .anrold familiar friend. It was here! shot Jehu Osborn." "What!" 1 Tho. sense of loathing, even the sense of fear, with which I heard him make,, so cal lously, this hideous confession, gave mc strength to snap the spell with which ho had scemed.to bind mc to the scat. I Sprang-from him with" a cry.- was not in the least disturbed;. :" "Yes, it wiasjhthis very carriage. Some strange fate, has led.us hither.. Bee, be was "seated there.!' Ho pointed'to.the corner of the carriage whichwas, behind,myback....Turn • ing, I glanced over my shoulder with an irrepressible'shudder.* "1 almost think I see him now. Ah, John Osborn, where's your . ghost ? Would it not be a strange ;enobuntcr were'we ghosts'.torjneet?- Holwas seated there. I was eeated:: jast: in front of. him; behind you on the other side. ..There' were four other men with us in the carriage. I think I see them." Would that all we ghosts were met again, so that'wo might'react the cccno before your eyes! I had won—ah! what a sum Fd won. John Oshorn'a temper \vas a littlo warped. Ho had said a nasty thing or two. He did notliko to lose. ^ made an awkward pass witlt an acc of clubs. He caught me by tho wrist, crying, J Got you, you thief 1* I looked round the carriage. I saw that the others.were on his side. They all had lost, you see. I replied, * Release my. wrist.' 'Not,' ho said, Mill you show me that card!' 'Take it!' Icried, and flungitinhis faco. Ihavenotsosweetatemperusyou, my friend. As I flung the card into his face, with my other hand X drew; a revolver, which it was my custom to carry, so that any little difficulties which might arise might be^settled without any unnecessary delay. X fired at John Osborn. Someone struck up my wrist. I>missed. X fired again. That time tho shot went home. It burst bis eye. I flattered myself that it had entered into what he called his brain. He gave'just one gasp, and dropped. , I fancy that I hear him gasping now. It seemed as though tho passage of-his throat was choked with blood. There was a fight. They ail went for me. I emptied my revolver.- And then—then I was done." 4 Ho paused, and smiled.- I was cowered at the other end of tho carriage,, close to the spoton which, according to his .account, this hideous tragedy had happened. .• And the chief actor was standing thero in. front of me. bringing back the scene eo that, it nil seemed to bo 'happening before my. very eyes. A wild desire flashed across my -mind that an accident would happen, or that the train would go off tho lint, so that iu somo way I might escape this man. V See here..".. He was holding the pack of cards, ' He advanced towards me with them in his hand. I would havo opened the door of the carriage pud got out upon -the fppt boanl, if;I;bad.dar^d to turn-/ " As I fired, a feWjdrops spurfced.from John Osborn's eye and fell upon aboard.; See, here they stand as O; record unto this day." 7 no held:OUt-tto mo a card with this horrid memorial upon'its hick. I tried to close my eyes. ,But- the lids rebelled. I .was ..com pelled to look. ■ - • ' " I havpofteu. wondered. where that-first bullet went1 with which I missed.. I was seated there.' Aly,-wrist was struck up—sol I nevqr heard that it was found. It was not produced Against me at. tho trial.; It. must have gone id this direction. X»ct us. see." lie began at a particular. plaoe to prod the cushioued back of rthe seat with the fingers of his right hand. I watched, as a. man might be supposed to watch ? with his mental eye the horrors of a nightmare. At last ho gave, an exclamation. * * Oh! What havewe here ?" | Actually, with his finger nails, ho com menced to pick a hole in the cushion. What an officer of the railway company would have thought of the proceedings is mora than I can any.' I could but look on. "With diabolical dexterity ho tore a hole in the cushion, • and into this hole he inserted his finger and I thumb. With these ho groped about inside.. When he withdrew them he held them up. , "You see, my friend, .that it is found. The missing bullet! It is a little shapeless, but I know it well."* He pressed, it to his lip3- He advanced to me. "The first shot which I fired at-John Osborn. Tako it and keep it, my friend, in memory of. me." It was a uico keepsake, to offer to a friend. Conceive a notorious murderer returning to those shades and offering you as a token of his regard and continuing esteem, the hat chet, say, with which tie deed was done, v • '/No," I gasped: "Not I." . "Let me entreat you, my dear friend." : Ho pressed it on me,-as though it.were a gift of priceless worth. *!L won't." . ^ "Consider,the interest which attaches.to tills thing. It is not much to look at, but a little lump of shapeless lead, but consider tho scene on which it figured. • O, my fricud, it might, have bursf 'John ..Osbora's eye—I almost think it grazed his head.' ; The train was slackening. Thank the powers! I thrust my arm through the win dow .of the carriage, inteuding to grasp tho handle of tho door. "Was I to, havo this reeking relic forced on me by a ghost 1 He misunderstood my meaning.. " Is it suicide you seck?" " IS—it's escape from you IV "Then let us go together." •*.. "How are wo to go together, if I am to get away from you , "Ah, my friend, hut that you cauuot do." : "Cannot! I at least can try." "Renfcve your grasp* from the handle of that door or: I' swear that I will not leave you, never for an instant night or .day, till you, like me, are dead." : t : He did not raiso his tones, but Ifis eyes were strangely light. Thank heaven, .tho train was slackening fast. 'In a fewmoments wc should reach a'station. Then—then we should see. He read my thoughts. v "You think: to- escape; mc when we reach the station. Bah, my friend,. I shall dis appear,bdt to return:agajn."- . Still—wo should sc-c. • ' The-train " stopped. The platform was on the. opposite side., I inado;. a movement towards the other door. Hestood in thc-wny. Unmistakably-then.he was flesh and. blood enough. I.could not pass unless I forced him to one side., In my rage I grappled him. For an instant a struggle would hpve un doubtedly ensued. But in the very nick of time.the opposite door was opened. -Other passengers came in. .f/Thank God!" I cried. "Someone has como at list." - •; . X turned to see who. the newcomers .were. They were Messrs. Burcliell and Annitage. In my surprise I lost my presence of mind again. The stranger'stood like a figure of Mephistopheles, - ,aud smiled at me. Ho addressed himself to ray late antagonists. ; "Well, gentlemen, have you*decided(to make it a case for the police ? Ttbink, if-you will tako- the advice, of an unprejudiced onlooker, you would be wise if you did.'/. This insolence was more than I could stand. , "Gentlemen," Icried, "this—this demon has confessed to me that it was he who did it a1L» I looked at Sir. Burchcll and his'friend. They met my troubled glances with wliut seemed, in my confusion, to be a meaningless stare./ The stranger still continued to regard me frith his careless smiJc. " lam-afraid,"; ho murmured,that you're an old, old hand." * Whnfc was I to say? How was I lo refute his calumnies? "Gentlemen, yen will understand what sort'of character this person is, when I tell you that he informs mo that he's a ghost." "A ghost!" J • The exclamation came from Burchcll, I was suro. " .' "Yes, a ghost. He tells mo tliat he is Francis Farmer." V Not Francis Farmer,". The stranger touched me on the arm, " You said that you were Francis Farmer." " But Francis Farmer's ghost. The differ*, encs is essential. You will uome the favour to admit that Instated that I was Francis Farmer's ghost. I . was* pre pared to shew you where tho rope was passed about my. throat and the exaot spot .where the knife - was thrust into my breast." Was ho in jest? His manner was all the lime 50 calm that it was difficult to tell if he was in jest or earnest* •' If you're not a ghost then you're a raving lunatic." "If I'm not a ghost." „ He stood close in front of me, wagging Ins forefinger in mj* face. There was silence. For my part, I knew neither .tfrliat io do nor say. At last, taking out my handkerchief, with it I wiped the perspiration from my brow. . 1* I tliink I'm going mad/' • As I uttered these words in a tone which, I do not doubt, sufficiently smrgcatcd the con? fusion which was paralysing my mental faculties, there came a sound, very like a titter from the other e.;d. of the carriage. . I turned. Sir. Armitagc was laughing. At firs t it seemed that. he was, endeavouring to restrain his mirth, but.. as X continued to stare, it gathered force'untilit became a veri table roar. * His example ,was^ contagious. Suddenly Mr. Burcbell burst into peals of merriment. And -directly he ^ began the Mcphistophclian stranger, bending double, sank back upon tho seat, and indulged^ in laughter,to such an immoderate extent that I, really thought that there was., imminent, danger that he would crack his sides. As I gazecl at this amazing spectacle I dare say that,"from one point of view, which was.not mine, tho expression of my face was comical enough. , Wlas I going off iny head ?< Or had fate destined.nie to journey down.to Brighton in the society of lunatics? . i " Oh, man!" gasped Mr. Burcbell, between his bursts of laughter, " don't look like that, or I shall die!" • . . * ! I endeavoured, doubtless quite ineffectually, t!o assume an imposing attitude! • "Perhaps,, gentlemen, when, you have .quito finished, you will condescend to favour inc with an explanation of this extraordinary iccnc." "If I'm not a ghost!" screamed the MephistopheHan stranger. - : And off they all went again. ... There* may. be something comical iu the present situation, and perhaps it is owing to some constitutional defect that I altogether fail to see it—but I don't!" "Oh',*man!" Mr. Bnrchell gasped again, "dou't talk like that, or you will kill me." All at once he rose and chipped me on the shoulder.. ""Why, don't you.see, it's all a joke!" ; ' "Ajoke!" . I stared at him. Could he be joking ? "Yes, a practical joke, my boy!" " A practical- joke !" X fancy that I was the colour of a boiled beetroot., ".perhaps, Mr. Burchell, you will, explain what you mean by a practical joke." • ; ."Why, we ihree were outside the door when the bobby was showing you the things at the Yard, and we hoard him pitch the yarn about Francis Farmer and his cards, andhow they were hauuted, and? all tho .rest of it, so we thought we'd have a game with you." A game with me ? Still I fail to under stand." . • I'm a clerk at the Yard, -you know. Excuse me, but I do not know that you're a clerk at the Yard." ~ / | ' * Well, I am—in the Criminal Investigation Department. Of course they know, me, and directly yon went out -I.walked in as bold as brass api collared the cards." .. I,remembered that some "one had gone in,as wo came out. <♦1 arranged that Batcmau-^-this is Bate man "—he "jerked, his thumb towards^ tho Mephistophelean stranger; that individual raised his hat, possibly to .acknowledge tho introduction —^ " should.. shadow. you. Ho was to play the ghost. ..'We had heard you tell the hobby that , you xvcro going, down to Brighton by the 2.30 from Victoria, so we agreed that wo would all go down together, tins happening to be an afternoon on which, the exigencies of the public service were not too pressing.. We found you at the station, standing outside tho!carriage door. As X brushed past you on bne side I slipped forty-seven cards into one pccket of your, overcoat, and as Armltagp brushed past you on the other ^ido ho slipped five cards into tho other..: X am a bit of a pppjurer, and Arraitage is a dab at all that kind of thing; so, between us we manipulated the cards so that you were forced to win. And you won I—sixty, pounds! —until the ex posure came off in style. I say, old man, how aid the ghost go off • Tlie venerable Sir. Burchell turned to Sir. Batemnn. For my part,-not for tho first time on that "occasion, 1* felt , too v bewildered to speak. .The modest Mr.: Bateman smoothed liis chin. . " I am afraid that fortdetails of the ghost1 must refer you to Mr. Banken. But I mav men-ion that I discovered that this was- the uctuul carriage iu which the tra^redy'toolc place, and that there was a memorial of the victim's fate on the back of one of the cards, I also lighted on fhe identical bullet which' almost did the deed. What the railway com pany will say about the damage to .. their cushion is mote than X can guess. It may turn out to he a couple of pounds." : "Mr.Burchell," 1 spluttered—I was.re duced to such a condition that spluttering urns all I was iifc for—" I have only one thing to say to you. since your idea of what con stitutes a jolre seems to be so radically different to iniue, and that is to remind you that you have been guilty of this extraordinary behaviour towards an entire stranger." ] V Not an entire stranger 1" i "Yes. sir, an entire strangerI" j "But henceforth one whom T*hope to be allowed to call a friend." He had the assurance to offer me, with an insinuating smile, his hand. I put my hands .behind my back;. ' • "There is one other'point, Mr. Burchell. I won from you and your friend nearly £60. I returned it -to you on an imputation being made of cheating. I presume thut imputa tion^ now withdrawn!" " " Of course. . It was only a joke." " Iu that case I must request you to repay me the amount I won !" * . TIio fellow looled a little blank. | " Isn't it rather a curious case ?" I " It is exactly on that account that I insist ' on your refunding what you obtained from | me by means of what looks very like a : subterfuge. I intend to present the amount, as a memorial of what you very rightly cnll a curious case, to the Homo for Lost Bogs." ■ • 44 A-joko may be made a little expensive," murmured Mr. Burchell, us ho counted out the coin.* . / ; 44 And the laugh, after all, be on tbe other ride;" said Mr. Armitage. ? "Tbe laugh," I answered, as I received my winnings, <4is with the curs." : jSHE END.] 1 ; ^ NEXT WEEK, " THB- TIl'STEll: AS piPdSSIBLE STORY."' ' / 