^Wellington Progress fa; Cbmmittee. i ' i1. ? Declaration of the Poll. The official declaration of the poll in con nection with Saturday's elections to the Progress Committee was made iu the Coun cil Chambers at noon on Tuesday in the presence oE a large number of the public. The returning officer. Alderman Mnnagan, react the result of tho poll and declared Messrs. Mitchell, Brummell, lCennard, -' 'Wilkine, Rose, MoLeod, Stinsor, Irving, ond Brownbill elected. In making the declaration he desired to say that he hoped and believid that the new body of mon would do as good work as the first Com mittee: Personally he regretted very much the' defeat of Mr. John Collins, who had been the heart and soul of the Committee. When a quorum could not be got together Mr. Collins had undertaken the work to be * dope by correspondence, and to him many of 'the Committee's most important achieve ?ments were due. The Committee would ft el his'losa greatly, but no doubt they would do vgood. work. ' (Applause.) Mr. Mitchell returned thanks to those 'who bad again placed him at the top of the poll. He thanked the 34-4 voters, who had supported him, but he entertained no enmity towards those who had voted against him. The ballot box would have to be done away with if - candidates could not accept the verdict of the electors. At the same time lie must say that he deeply regretted the defeat of Mr. Collins, who had been the fountain head and support of the Com mittee during its existence. To Mr. Collins' efEorts was due the fact that the Committee was alive to-day, and he had splendidly administrated the duties falling on his ehouldere. Why Mr. Collins was rejected, and who contributed towards it; was a mystery to him, and one he thought he could never fathom. Ab for himself he had done his beBt during his term of office as presi dent and member of the Committee and would do so again this year. He admitted lie did not make a very efficient, chairman, but his consolation waB that he had done his beBt. At all times he , had had the pleasure of knowing that he had the con fidence of bis.feUow members, and he coald Bay that he. had never -worked with a more harmonious body. . A good deal had been eaid about the Committee being a toy parlia ment, but they had done a good deal for the district, and the hands of the member for the district had been considerably strengthened by their efforts. (Applause.) ? Mr. Kennard thanked the electors for the high confidence -and compliment resposed in him as shown by his prominent position on the poll; He - could promise them that he . would always do his very best. He had con fidence in himself, and was strong in hiB own Bincerity of purpoee. It had been eaid that he would ba purely a local member, but he could assure them that 'he had the interests of tho district at large juBt as much at heart. The best he could say was, that his actions during the next twelve months would be the best test of his intentions. (Appl&UBe;). Mr. Rose thanked the. electors for the position they had given him. He would endorse all that had been said concerning Mr. Collins' defeat. People did not know what Mr. Collins had done, and it was the basest ingratitude in return for services on the part of those who had voted him down. In a speech recently delivered by Mr. Crick, P.M.G.i it had been stated that the sum of £500,000 was in the handB of the Minister for Works, much of nhich would go towards country roada, and Mr. Haynee, their member, had, with the help* of the Com mittee, done good work so far and would continue to do so. He believed the electors would say at the end of the ensuing twelve months that be had again done his duty as a member of the Committee. (Applause). Mr. Irving said that he had to doubly thank the electors, that he was there at all. The preyiouB speakers had referred to Mr. Collins, and he could endorse all that had \- been sai«\\. It was not the fault of the same combination: that had brought about Mr. CollinB'' defeat that he (Mr. Irving) had not also gone' down. Fortiinatly, or unfortun ately, the combination had only managed to defeat one of those aimed at. He did not refer to Mr. Collins' defeat because they were co-workers. As a matter of fact it ? generally, happened that they were as much opposed in matters brought before the Com mittee as any two members. But he had \- always found in Mr. Collins an honorable, upright opponent, and he believed Mr. Collins had found him the same. . The Com mittee virtually originated with Mr. Collins, as it was first mooted by him at a. meeting o£ the Mutual Improvement Society. He thought it a public calamity that such a combination as had been at work during thiB election could be got together. Those con cerned in the combination were perfectly well known to Mr. Collins' friends, and' he ? —(the speaker) was not afraid to refer to them. He was one who eaid what he meant aud waB prepared to face the con sequences, and he would rather be defeated ninty-nine. times than be the' sneakiDg in dividual who would shirk the duty. This combination had been backed up by men who ought to be-gentlemen, by men who showed their. . pleasure publicly over the de feat of Mr. CollinB. A Justice of the Peace had been heard to rejoice in public, iii fact there were throe Justices of tho Peace concerned- — not the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost-, but the father, son, and unholy ' Gravel-pit.' Tho most dangerous kick or bite was to be feared from a dying horse or expiring cur, and that was tho kind of kick and bito that had been 'given on Saturday. On that occasion all the hell- hounds of this district rushed in and had a last snap. This being tho case lie had a double reason for thanking then? for putting him in oven as the oighth roan. Although a littlo man ho was not afraid to face a six-footer at any timo, and if ever ho did go down bo would go down fighting. (Applause.) Mr. Brownhill also returned thanks. Ho liad heard, that ho was unfortunate enough to havo been included in the ' unfavored three ' with Messrs.. Collins and Irving, so could congratulate himself on attaining a 'position in tho Committee, oven if low down on the poll. He deplored the defeat of Mr. Collins.- - - Mr. Wi'k'18 thanked the electors for tho good position they had given him and for tho fifty extra votes ho had received ovor last jeav, Ho really had not intended to ootno ' out at this eloction, but his friends had in duced him, and ho tlmnkod them heartily for his election. On Saturday ho had felt very sore ttiat his friend Collins liad been left out. He, himself, had missed only two Committee meetings, but even then ho had not devoted one-hundredth the amount of tinio und energy that Mr. Collins had given to his duties.' However, thfy had to bow to publx opinion, and go on without their lute seeretnry's preHcnee for a time. Atthe same timo his (Mr. Wilkins') seat was at tlio disposal of Mr. Collius (it any time ho wonid t.nko it. nil'. Uollins wns a fur abler man than many on tho Committee now and lust year, and some public testimonial'Shoald be organized to show their appreciation of his efforts. If the electors' did not think Mr. Collius was' a fit representative this time, they would next year wheri'tho mag nitude of his services was properly apprecl-: ated. It was not asking too much of tho public to help keep the Committee in exist once, but it was not fair to ask them to go round hat in hand. The good tho Commit tee had done was boing recognized, and they, should receive public support. Ho would devote all possible timo to the affaira of the Committee, and hopod members generally; wonld do so, so that they might continue to do useful work. (Applause.) Mr. Rose returned thanks on behalf of Messrs. McLeod and Stinson, who were un able to be present. Mr. Mitchell also thanked the electors on behalf of Mr. Brummell, who could not be LUC1C . . j Mr. Collins, whose rising was received! with much hearty applause,- next spoke. Before referring directly to the' late election he wished to state that he did not approve of a testimonial being given to him, nor would he think of accepting any seat made vacant for him. Although he was a defeated candidate, he waB not prepared to take Saturday's verdict so seriously aB his irienda had. He thought he had scored a moral victory by reason of the support of 216 intelligent voters, and he claimed to have the intelligent electors with him. For other reasons he could not Bay he waB very dissatisfied at his defeat. There were different- degrees of opposition, but when he came to consider the powerful opposition brought to bear against him on Saturday, he almost made up his mind that he had not done so badly. He had been opposed by the Socrates and ' Demosthenes of the Council — the two most brilliant and in fluential men in that body. Then, there was the sub -editor of the 'Gazette' against him, whose paper did not want either him on the Progress Committee, and which no one was bad enough or mad enough to ac cuse of being in favor of any progress. It had systematically opposed the Committee since its inception. I was also possible that the paper had been treated by' him in a way which made them fear him. They must remember that no one tried to get rid of an impotent and useless man, so the opposition to him. was really a compliment. He had no fault to find over being opposed, as he liked opposition, .but he wished to publicly protest against the means resorted to to defeat him on Saturday. The indict ment against him had been split -up under several heads. He had been accused of favoring the cutting up and selling of the park. This he would never con sent .to unless he was assured that Mr. Rushby did not suffer from heart disease. He believed that- no Attempt should be made to do such a thing unless it waB approved by a referendum of the people. He would pass over some other counts of tho indictment and come to the last. It had been industriously circulated that he had, in his magisterial capacity, sent to gaol for . two months . a young man, a resident of the town,' for using a little bad language. In consequence he was made to pose before the electors as a modern Judge Jeffries. The facts of the casie were simply this : one month had been made into two months, a Sydney larrikin had been made to appear as a local lad, and the disgusting, foul language really used -was called a little bad language. , In this case he was simply actuated by a desire to deal fairly between the young man and the public, and his opponents must have a very low estimate of what the character and moral : wo'rth of a public man shoiild be to resort to Buch methods of opposition. He. had* niot cqm'e to abuse anyone, but to protest publicly against the unholy alliance of this unholy trinity of humbiigp, and the unholy and unworthy means- they- had used for his defeat. He thanked his 216 supporters, and believed their votes represented the intelli gent section of the community. (Applause.) Mr. Mitchell suggeBte'd that a smoke concert be organized to provide funds to carry on the Committee, and the suggestion seemed to meet with the approval of the meeting. ~ Mr. Rose proposed a hearty vote of thanks to the returning officer, who, he said, had always been a strong supporter of the Com mittee. The vote was carried by acclamation, and the proceedings ended. 