rJ? HAV .E JLiXj GHOSTS THAT WALK IN LONDON. When a ghost onco appears in any house, district, or town, tho fact is im mediately embalmed in print, the in habitants honcoforth proclaiming to tho world that thoir district is haunted. Such is the case with Hampton Court, Bucking ham Palaco, and Marlborough. House ghosts. Although thoy aro described in detail in guido books, you will nover see one, or oven mcot any person who has. But tho Big Bon spectre has boon soon by no loss than fourtoon pooplo, and that quito recently. It appears in tho chapo of a shadowy, deformed old man, bonding ovor a pair of motionless oars, aa, soatod in a worm eaten skiff, it sweep? out from tho Surrey sido of tho Thames, just liko Westminstor Bridge, glides without making a ripplo ovor tho inky Thames water, through tho third arch of tho bridge, -and thon dis appears into tho stono wall of tho Houso of Commons torraco as Big Bon groans tho first noto of midnight. Evory timo it has appeared Big Bon has chimed thirtoon, tho last stroko sounding liko a long echo of tho previous ono. Evory timo it lias appoared ono of our Royal Family has died on tho following day — nainoly, tho Princo Consort on Dccombor 14th,. 1861; Princoso Alice Docornbor 1-itli, 1878 j and tho Duko of Clarence on January 14th, 1892. So that oach of its throe appearances has been made on tho thirteenth of the month, and on oach occasion Big Ben has struck that unlucky number. wnenic appeared on January iatn it was hailed by a river police boat, which happened to bo passing at the moment. As no answor was givon, the police gave chose, and in the darknoss on tho river and the heat rf pursuit nearly wreoked themselves by dashing into the stone wall of tho Commons' torraco. The affair was witnessed by a constable on duty on the terrace, and reported by | him at Scotland Yard the following day} .v : V- . but thero tho mattter stopped, as no light could be thrown on tho affair, .Of quite a differont naturo is tho South Bolgravia ghost; in fact, ho might bo callod the guardian Baint of married men who havo boon detained at thoir offices later than usual. ;Tho streota of this district of London are very confusing, evon ill the glare of noonday. At night the most experienced explorer might be pardoned for losing his 'Jhe reason is, according to tho gontlo men living in that part, that ovory evo nink betwoon 11.30 and ono o'clock a ghoBtly artist, dreascd in a soft felt hat and tho approvod artist's suit, collar, and tio, goes from streot to street with a pot of paint, laddor, and hugo brush changing tho Qtreot names ono with another. Thia ghost flrat bogan his nightly wan doring in Docomber 1884. An artist had boon ovor to Cholnoa spending a jolly timo | with somo frionds. Ho did not ontor his j wifo's room until throo o'clock, and whon ; oho demanded nn explanation, averred i that ho had boon wandoring about tho otreots oinco olovon, having lost his way. No nano woman could accept such an 0xcxi30, and tho lady rose, dressed horaolf and, snatching up thoir. baby boy, owopt from tho room novor to roturn. Hor hus band waited throo days for hor, and whon liis lady called him on tho fourth, oho found him dead. Ho had takon poison. Moro romantic is tho gho.it of Chiawiok. This is tho ghost of Barbara Villiors, Duchess of Clovoland, ono ot tho most famous be?iUtios of tUo court of King Charles II., who io said to haunt that fine old rod-brick mansion on Chiswick Mall known a3 Walpolo Houso. On fino moon light nights, at uncortain intorvals, tho picturosquo wraith of tho Duohesn ap pears as sho io represented in hor portrait painted by tho great Sir Peter Lely, but with haggard face and . dull, dim oyes, wringing hor hands, and . exclaiming piteously to ooino invisible persecutor, ? Givo mo back my loot beauty ?' It ap pears that this lady died at Walpolo Houso in 1700, the sixty-ninth .year of hor age, of a dropsy that groatly disfigurod hor. Anothor distinguished ghost which in habits this quarter of London may bo seen in tho old gatoway on Richmond Green, which is all that remains of tho onco magnificont palaco of Richmond. This is tho uneasy griof-strickon ..spirit of Queen Elizabeth, who died at three o clock on tuo morning or March 24th, 1G03, in anothor part of tho building. It j was in tho tunot chambor of this anciont i gatoway that Elizabeth hoard tho con fession of tho dying Countess of Notting- 1 ham, who, on hor deathbed, rovoalod hor troachory iu keeping back tho ring which tho Earl of Essex, undor sontonco of death, ' had entrustod to her to dolivor to his Queen. Tho angor and remorso of tho Virgin Queen whon sho hoard how sho j had allowed hor bo^t beloved courtior to go to his death unpardoned caused hor to rush forward and to shako tho dying woman in a frenzy of passion crying, 'May God forgivo you, for I cannot !' Of course tho Tower of London has its ghosts, but during tho cour3o of thi8 con tury the3ohavo bocomo very ehy, rofusing to show thomsolves. Possibly this may , bo attributed to tho sixpenco admission I charged on cortain occasions. It is hardly to bo oxpccted that tho colf-roapeeting ' wraith of any historical personage will oxpoEo itsolf to tho gazo of a Bank Holi day public. Porhaps this is just as woll, for tho last | appearanco of a ghost in tho Tower, which tookplaco'in January, 1810, resulted in the death of o sontry from a fit producod | by pure fright. In this case the ghost took tho form of a dark shadow in tho shape of a boar, but it was knowu that the sontry had previously been alarmed by roporta of the appearance of the ghost , of Sir Waltor Raleigh in tho vicinity of j his station. I Tho moat torriblo of London ghosts, I however, is that which has brought No. — , I haunted houses. This particular houso Btando on tho west sido ot tho square, and is in no wiso to bo distinguished from its unornamental brick noighbours. Until recent years i( was occupiod only by caro takors, and for a long poriod woro tho desoiato and lugubrious appearanco gono rally attributed to ghost-riddon residences. How the house acquired its unonviablo repute it is hard to say, but it was suffi ciently notorious at ono time to form tho subject of a long discussion in tho columns of a woll-known antiquarian magazine. This particular horror of tho Borkoloy Squaro ghoBt lay in tho fact that it3 pro cieo naturo was novor detormined. It was a grisly ' something,' so torriblo that those who behold it nover survived to toll tho talo of its horror, for thoy woro IOUUU uuuu Wiw uvuijf ui. having died of sheer fright. It mado its appoaranco in a bedroom on tho second | floor ono night, and tho sorvant who had a glimpse of it was found dying on tho floor in convulsions. A family onco living in tho houso, too, woro postered by uncanny noises, most oi thom proceeding from this particular room. Tho fiance of ono of tho daughters of tho houso, an unboliovor in ghosts, detorminod to sloop in tho room and to discovor tho cauao of tho disturbing noisea. Ho arranged that if ho rang tho bell onco during tho night, no ono w.yj to como to his aid, as ho might moroly bo disturbed by some waking illusion. If, liowovor. ho rang tho boll twico, his signal was to bo immediately anBwored. In tho dead of nignt tho boll was hoard to. givo forth a light noto. No ono stirred. Tho first ring was followod iu a fow aoconds by a furious peal, and tho alarmed liousohold at onco rushed to tho room, whoro thoy found tho poor follow lyiug dead upon tho floor. It scorns only in kooping that Saint Paul's Cathedral should havo a ghost, but tho fact that it-ppoara dressed as a nun shows that ito oducation has boon cadly nogloctod. Tho cathedral was built long after all nunneries had boon abolished, out ovory morning uv lwu u uiuuu. cv unwu form sweeps six times round tho Whispor ing Gallory, and then, with a ghastly shriok, springs through tko- railings into tho air. As any spectator waits to hoar tho smashing of bono3 upon tho stones bolow, it vanishes. Tho superstition con nected with it is, that should anyono bolow try to savo its fall by standing ready to catch it, ho or she will die within tho month. 