THE EMPEROR KWANG-HSU. " The Emperor," wrote an observer not long ago, " appears to be a sickly youth with a melancholy but not unattractive counts dance, given to violent fits of passion, which he gratifies in a relatively harmless way by crashing his furniture. in the welfare posed seclusion of his palace, within whose precincts only women and eunuchs are allowed to dwell, he holds no communication with the outside world except through the high State officials, who approach him on bended knee to present reports upon public affairs, in which the necessities of, truth an largely subordinated to the considerations of courtly expediency, When he goes forth to sacrifice in one of the Imperial temples the streets through which he passes are carefully cleared and guarded, the houses on either side are shut off with heavy hangings, the ground is strewn with yellow sand, and everything removed which might offend the sensitiveness of Imperial eyes or nostrils. Through the deserted thoroughfares the son of heaven flies, generally In the stillness of night, like a ghost borne in a lofty palanquin " A young man of whom this could be written Kwang-Hsu would have been 29 years old if he had lived till next month-was obviously no match for his aunt, the imperious Empress-Dowager. He has been nominal Emperor since January, 1875, and in 1892 he was to all outside seeming released from the control of his guardian. As not infrequently happens with weak persons who suddenly find themselves in a position of power, the young Emperor was for re- forming his world all at once. He meant well, but he miscalculated the forces against him. For instance, he ordered the Chinese to cut off their pigtails. Pig- tails mean much to Chinamen, however they may be regarded by foreigners, and to order their removal was tantamount to a British Sovereign interfering by order of council with social and religious customs. Edict after edict was published, abolishing this or that observance, and aimed generally at the reformation of the methods of government. Then he struck a blow at the Buddhist priests, and the Manchus did not know what he would be at next. Then come the coup d'etat of 1898, when the Empress-Dowager resumed the reins of power, Bending the Emperor into seclusion, and cutting off the heads of as many of his reform advisers as she could apprehend. From that time but nothing has been heard about the Emperor, except that he was not well enough to receive the Ambassadors, and in January of this year, that, being childless and without hope of heirs, he had selected a successor in the person of Pulling, the 14-year-old son of the Prince of Tuan. This was regarded by most observers as merely preliminary to the announcement of the Emperor's death from natural causes, but few could have anticipated that he and the Empress-Dowager were to meet their fate together and at the hand of the Prince of Tuan. 