THE EILTBUSTERS. BY C. T. CUTCL1FFE HYNH. Author of "Tho Adventures ot Captain Kettle," etc., ote. CHAPTKR XVI. T1IK MARRIAGE OF DONNA DELICIA. Mnxlllo stormed himself out of the room, nnd Ills truculent following stumped out after htm on their rope sandals; tho door was slammed to nnd locked, and Carew and I starod at one another rnthor hhtnkly. "It looks like a very devil of a mess," said 1 ruelully. "It's that nnd no less." snld Carew. "Look hete. Birch; when you were turning In last night I reminded you that the pair of ns had como out to shoot cue another. Now f don't for a moment suggest (hat affair should bo considered as oft; I for one have heard mnro from you than I can stonmch without a shot In return, and you seem to think yon'vo got a proLly heavy grievance against mc; hut we've got no weapons here which could settle our business with any clcgrco of neat- ness — nothing, In fact, except c.ur bare hands— and tho survivor would fool a bit lonely and apt to como by a bud end. So 1 suggest an armistice for tlto time being." "It would bo more comfortable getting respect ably killed In a duel than being boiled Hlto a lob ster In ono's own shell." "Who Intends to get boiled? 1 don't for one. There's a lot between this room hero and that old lie-goal's coppers." "Yes, but what?" "Wo: must think it out. Birch. But first what about tha8t temporary truce?" "Very well. I agree, for tho. tlmo being." "Oh, don't be too condescending. Believe mo, I'm qulto rtady to shoot and be shot at on our first possible opportunity. But, as I say, there's too much big business on hand at the present, moment to lenvo tlmo for umuvcmc-nts of- that kind Just now." He sat down on' tho edgo of his "qdatro" and put an elbow on his knee, and presently fell to gnawing at his nails. . "She'd do If, I suppose, If It wus the only way to save us from tho iceulo — especially if she knew , she'd havo to look on nnd see os stew; But to have her marry that stinking old billy-goat. By gad, no. '. "If tho worst comes to the worst; we can al ways jump out at the fellows when: they, come next, and make them kill us. We're both as fit as can bo again now, and we're, both pretty, useful with our hands.' With luck wo should manage to make things so hot that they'd bo obliged to givo us knife In self-defence." "Oh, yes, thero's always that. But I've no notion of deliberately getting- killed If there's nny other way out of 'tho scrape." Ho kicked his heel petulantly, and . it hit against something under the bed. "What's that? . A brazoro, by Jove, with plenty of 'unburned charcoal. And I havo matches. PlioWl" he whistled, and went oil Into thought again. "Woll," I said at last,, "havo you got an Idea?" "I have and.' I haven't.. But, my faith; If the chance comes somebody had better look out- , Yos, there's a long iron hold-fast in the wall above your head, Blrcli, that will pull out and do capitally. I shall not ho dnllente-mlnde'l In handling these brutes if that chance I want ar rives my way." "There's someone coming." "Lord! Footsteps, by all that's unlucky. Well, we aren't ready, Rnd wo must do aB we can. We're quite .powerless to help Dollela any way, and she must lake euro' of , herself. I guess we're about on the edge of torture, and that's not In my line at all. I'm not golug out of this room." "I'll fight It out with- you, and old M&xillo; can ' mnko soup of my dead carcase If ho pleases. He " "Stand back besldo tho door," whispered Carew. "Stand back, and don't show fight, and risk it. That's Bellcla's voice outside, and if wo can get lier Into the room and gain, a bit of time we may manngo to have a' better run for our money." It wns Donna Dellcla's voice surely enough; and presently the dcor opened, and wo could hear what she said. She was delivering an ultimatum to no less a person than Mnxlllo himself. , "Understand clearly," she was saying, "that unless I go Into that room alone I shall not speak. You will get nothing out of mo— neither proposal nor acceptance; you may kill these two English men, and I cannot prevent It; but It wilt not bring you any forwarder. You know perfectly well that you cannot marry mo unless I choose; 1 would kill myself sooner than be forced into it against my will;. and If that happened, then look out for yourself, Senor. There are men In Saca- ronduca who would pull down these mountains sooner than nol get at you; and you know it." Maxlllo grlLted his teeth. ."If I let you go Into that room alone, you will plot; with, those men." "So lio! Senor. Then you are afraid of your poor prisoners?" "Madame," he said, sourly, "I am tho least timorous of men., But I do not want to make tho way open for moro trouble." "Ah, then," she retorted, "take the advice of a womau who has once been married ond keep clear of married life. Senor, you are a brave man to push mo so hard: - I 'should lead you a terrible time of It once you were my lawful hus band. You did mo oheo the : compliment (In your coarser moments) of admiring my teeth. You have got a small notion of what a tongue lies at tho back ot thorn:", « ' ; "Ah, but I have," said he, with a rueful faco., "Well, tako your way; but seo to 11 thlnga are arranged to my liking. If It will please you;" ho said, "to step Into this poor room?" and bowed her towards the doorway. She walked iu, bowed to each of us formally,- though with 'a shut lip, and then she turned and looked Inquiringly towards tho door. Maxlllo , iwas watching her with a lowering face. She waited on, and then, J'Your courtesy does not seem to run very . deep, Senor," she said.' Maxlllo sworo beneath his moustache, aud "Shut tho door!" ho ordered, It slammed to ,wllh a force that shook tho room. In a moment her mannor changed. Through the growing gloom of tho chamber I could seo her eyes grow full ot pity and anxiety: Sho camo across to us In her quick, bright way, and took a hand of each. "My poor friends," she said, "what a terrible plight to find you In. And all because of me. But It is just a ruse do guerre that I find you hero as prisoners? Per haps In your elovernoss you have some of the force ambushed " "Donna Delicla," I broko In, "please wait a minute. We didn't como here to find you at all. Wo aro just what you see — prisoners. Wo quarrelled; we left Dolores to light a duel; we got picked up by brigands; and here wo are. That is tho gist ot the tale. But by accident wo find you hero, nnd we aro very much at your service." "A los pios do usted, Senora," said Carow. "A duol!" sho said, wonderingly. i "That is postponed for the present," I said. "You see us here quite roady to do anything for your advantage." "Yes, but what can you do?" "Wo are open to a. suggestion." , "And I never felt so much at a loss. Maxlllo las beon too elevqr for mo." She shuddered. "And ho Is a man to koep his word. Ho will be entirely ruthless." She shuddered again. "He has got to put us in tho pot before he can make soup of us,"' said Oarow, "and he may find that difficult. I 'know I for one have not; tho least Intention of being boiled alive/ and I be lieve Blreli has similar scruplos. .The only thing Is, if wo get killed, my dear lady, that doesn't help you, does It? You'd have to marry tho old goat sooner or later, all tho same." "I could kill myself also." "Oh, dear, no! That would be' a terrible waste of good material." . "I seo no other woy out of tho troublo," she said, smiling bravely. "Well." drawled Carew, "you might marry mo, you know." ' Sho started, and for tho first tlmo looked (I think) a trlllo Beared. "Sir William," she Bald, "I suppose this is a joke, and I think it a poor one. Anyway I do not seo tho point, As you must know, I am promised to marry your mas ter, General Brlgg3." "He's no master of mine, madam. Blreli hero will guarantco you that. No. I'vo chucked Urlggs finally and for always, and I had thought of chipping In with Maxlllo, Maxlllo, however, Is not polite — refuses to have mo, In fact, on any terms; and so here I ain a lovelorn orphan, so to speak, and out on the world on my own hook. Now. Delicla, you ailmlre success, and you want to he wife to the president of Sacnronduca. Well, I'm going to hid for the berth myself, and there's only one thing that' will stop me, nnd that's my own funeral; anil I tell you I'm not dead yet, or anywhere near It. Thero's no denying you're In a had hole hero, and you seo no way out of It. Isn't that so?" "Yes, yes," go on. "Well, as I say, "marry mo, and thon I'll clear out suddenly. Once you've got a husband, Maxlllo's scheme falls to the ground. He daren't Ul-trent you, anil If ho doesn't let you go out of sheer disgust at being sold, I'll find some way of hooking you out of Ills grip. In the mennwhllo, II llrlggs remains President of Sacnronduca, he'll only do It by knocking mo on tho head, In whleli ease you'll he quite free to marry him when things havo settled down. On the other hand, if I got to the head of the country, you'll find yourself the wife of tho biggest man Central America lias ever seen." Now I was watching Donna Dollela prolty nar rowly whilst Carew was making this extraordi nary proposal, and It was clear to see that she Was moved. Dtit she by no means showed a sign of giving way at once. Rho wanted to gain a little tlmo for consideration probably, and so, W'unnn-like, she opened up a side Issue. "You seem Io bo showing a change of object, " she said. "When you first camo Io this country, Sir William, I thought you staled somewhat openly that you only did It for the money you could gather to carry homo again. I seem to have learned, too, that at that time you pro fessed an utter contempt for all political advan tage." "1 hadn't seen you then," snld Carow. "I may remark that It Is you who want the political omlnnnco, and Hint's why I am ready to get It for you— for the pair of us, In fact. I never looked upon a woman with nn eye to marriage before, but, by God, Delicla," ho burst out, "I want you, and If this sort ot thing Is what you care nbout, you shall havo not only Sacnronduca but halt theso wretched little Central Am.ericnn States tacked on at tho hack ot It, Nothing shall stop us. You shall have a kingdom worthy of a queen. Doing near you makes one equally ambitious with yourself." Donna Dellcia's eyes wero sparkling now, nnd her cheeks wero pink ; hut she did not offer either a "yes" or a "no." "You do not ask love from me?" slic said, almost shyly. "I shall earn that by service. As for my own foelldgs on tho matter I do not choose to parade them." "And If I give way to your proposal you will understand that circumstances press me on?" , "If," retorted Carew, "you had stayed In Do- I lores, I should probably not have asked you to t marry me. At least not yet. Being here; being, ns I may say, In an extremely tight place, I throw ; out tho suggestion ns a possible means of escape from worse evils, llang It, Delicla, whatevcr's wrong with me, I'm a hotter specimen than that old goat Maxlllo." Donna Delicla looked him In the face, anil then lot her glance fall. "1 should like to annoy Mnxillo," she said rather coyly. "Wo'll shako hands on that," said Carew, and they did so heartily, just no two friends might have done. "And now," said ho, "we'll get ready for tho wedding." Ho pulled out tho brazcro from under tho bed, scraped a match, lit. the charcoal, and with his breath blew It into a smoulder. Then ho wrench ed tho long Iron holdfast from the wall, pushed " Its tip well Into tho glowing embers, and stood up again.. ' Donna Dollela nnd I had been .watching him in Bllence, wondering what It wns all nbout, but in stinctively trusting to his wit for tho next move. However, he did not, explain just then. Still when ho stood up out of tlie gloom of the floor, and tho moon's rays pouring In through tho window fell upon his face, I saw thero a look of pleased cer tainty which comforted mo more than anything I lind come across for many a weary hour. Ho was'a'miin. as I had learned already, of extra ordinary resourcefulness. , "I must ask you, Delicla," he said, "to go into tho corrldor and send for Father Jupe, Get him In here, and get him In alone. Say that we have arrived at n compromise over this marriage ques tion, and want Ills help to get Maxlllo to accept It. That will be quite true, and should appeal to that sardonic humor of his when ho has time to think It out coolly later." ' . "But If he, brings others with him." "Then they havo my pity beforehand. Birch " and I will .havo to— or— hnndlo them so that they do not' Interfere." "Thoro Is a bar hero on tho Insldo," said I, "running into a socket In the wall which will keep tho door shut . onco wo get our man In the room." ' . ' "I'd Been It," said Carew. "Now, Dollela, please." ' ; She stepped towards him. laid both hands an his arm, and looked up in his face. "There seems a horriblo risk about everything," she . said, "but I will do my best. 'Whatever happens I please know that I am grateful, and do not- — -do not — — " the words Seemed to stick In her throat. "Get into tho kettle," Carew suggested. "No,, wo won't, elthor Birch or myself. You can trust us for that, Dellela. Now , away with you and wheedle Jupo Into the room alone. You've got plenty of cleverness; you can do It if you try." She shuddered a little, and then with- an effort she pulled herself together again and went to wards the. door. I opened' It for her. The cor ridor seemed to be, empty, though , thero wore plenty of men chattering out of sight at the fur ther end/ She Walked quickly away towards tho voices, and I went back Into the room. "It's just a chance sho may bring It off," said ' Carow, moodily. ' "A slim ghost of a chnnco," said I. "There's not another womail in the world would have so much, . But If It does come off, we've got to be ready.- Look here, Birch, I'll shut tho door If wo can get Jupe Insldo, and slip the bar In place. You must/get your arms round the man and hold him tight. You can do that?" "Oh, I can do that right enough as far as phy sical .ability goes, but the question Is,, do I Intend to? It seems I am going to help jjou to marry Briggs' promised wife. That's what I can't quite make up ray mind about." "Now, for the Lord's sake, don't let's have any more of this nonsense now," he said Irritably. "Hang It, man, respect the truce. We've got n beggardly chance ot saving our lives and of serv- : ing Delicla at one and the same time. Have you got a better plan?, No, "you haven't. Then, for heaven's sako, shut your mouth and use your wit : to help mine. Afterwards if we do get clear of this mantrap forty things may happen. You may shoot me, Briggs may shoot me, other people may do it; but, anyway, It I live I shall be President of Sacaronduca, In which case Briggs by his own ! contract with Delicla- would be out of the run- ; ning. Whereas if I get knocked on the head thoro sho'll "he a widow as she was before, and tho situation's! unaltered. You're sorvtng Briggs by keeping her out' of that beast Maxlllo's fingers, and you can salvo your conscience with that." Wo dropped the talk' then, and tramplod about in the dusk' of the room waiting tediously. I formed a thousand theories as to how Donna De llela could fail In her negotiations. ; I could by no means see how Jupe would be foolish enough to trust himself within our reach. And always at I tho back -of my thoughts loomed the sugar ! boilers, with fires lit beneath, and water seething and! bubbling Inside, and ugh, It makes my flesh creep to remember that time oven now. At /last we honrd Dellcia's voice again, and then Father Jupe. My heart almost stood still as I listened. Yos, they wero coming down the corridor towards us; two pairs of foot falls, both quiet and soft: no others. I strained, my , ears; I could swear there wore no othors. Father Jupo said something, I forgot what, though I know It was droll, and Donna Dellela filled the corridor with laughter, merry light, delicious laughter. Heavens, fancy being able to laugh like that then! What neryes that woman had got. . (To bo continued.) 