[?] . ? ??*? ? HER MAJ$^FS--' MAC BETH.' In the supplement i to Saturday's 'Evening News' a dissertation ;Con 'Macbeth,' by a con tributor, was produced. It was then anticipated that a very large audience would assemble in Her Majesty's Theatre at' night to witness the tragedy. Though outside the theatre the rain fell and the wind blew, inside there had come together probably the greatest number of people ever seen within the- theatre walls, and that is saying a good deal. They saw a performance 'of the presentation of which, so far as the high est art of the scene painter, of stage manage- . ment and of stage seUiug, are concerned, ; praise cannot be pitched in tea his'a a tone. That ! opinions may differ as to .whether the portion of the ambulance corps of the period which carried the blesaing sergeant w$s correctly clad does not detract from what has been said. ?? The ques tion of the proper 'dressing' of 'Macbeth' is a wide one. But of the completeness and splendor of the presentation, so far as the management of the theatre was responsible, encomium cannot be exhausted. The actual interest of the per formance was by anticipation concentrated on Miss O'Neil's Lady Macbeth. She showed most careful study, with intelligent desire to succeed. If she was not all that fancy had previously painted her, and if her rendition of the part did not, except in one case, evoke enthusiasm, that can only have happened because the best intentions are not always crowned with success. Physically she was an ideal Lady Macbeth. Her delivery of the part, admirable as was much of what is technically called busi ness' did not seem to be complete. Without of fence she may be asked why she places pauses —lengthened pauses— where neither the text nor ithe accompanying thoughts suggest nor justify them? By a tour de force in the shape of an effective sta'ge shriek, accompanied by very real istic cowering in a corner, the termination of the sleep-walking scene lnaae uu u^ca. «i l»^ ence which produced enthusiasm. Mr. M'Kee Rankin cannot be fairly complimented on his Macbeth. He gives in the earlier scenes 'a prosperous' and burly, and inactive gentleman, ?who in crime degenerates into something of a brawny and faT from nimble ruffian, but the face ie no means 'as a book where men may read strange matters.' The dagger soliloquy was ineffective, but something was made of the horror at Bacquo'c ghost in the banqueLticg scene. Mr. M'Kee Rankin makes Macbeth age to an extreme between the fourth and fifth aots. What with the horror of nis deeds and his itixteen yeare of raign, Macbeth must have aged a good deal between the night of Duaoan'e murdsr and ithe fatal day when Birnam Wood did come to Dunetnane. But neither history nor the text jus tify the startling change which Mr. Rankin effects between his exit from the witches' cavern and his last hours in his fortress castle. Mr. Rankm'e delivery was not in keeping with his reputations and much cf the text was almcst mumbled. Nor may it be mentioned Us 'vurtue' the accepted pro nunciation of the word 'virtue' in New South Wales. With the single exception of Mr. Carne's needlessly, though evenly, mournful Malcoim, all «he other 'parts in the play were admirably performed, in particular that cf Macduff by Mr. Kingston. Macduff has one great chance for an actor, and Mr. Kingston mads far more of it than even have many capable actors whom Sydney audiences have ? „„ ;„ ,?(- Tta tviii«ii1 his audience to a Ditch Of UCCll 111 lt« A.J.S; *v»*~w»» .. — — ? — . admiration which in bygone times was only equalled when, as the saying had it. 'the pit rose' j at an actor. Mr. Kingston touched one of the ? highest declamatory levels of his art. The cur tain goes down at Her Majesty's in the last act of 'Macbeth' on a scene such as Shakspere contem plated, and not on that which stage usage has I long replaced by it Macbeth and Macduff 'exeunt , fighting.' Macbeth is not killed before the au- j dience's eyes, after a terrific combat. His great Castle is given to plunder, pillage, and ruin, and , Macduff enters to the crowded scene of victory j with the tyrant's bead on a pole. This scene i alone is worth gong to look at. Of the music by j Mr. Kelly, whicb Mr. Williamson has with eo much reverent care provided by means of a large and excellent orchestra, critics will write j highly. But it is toj true that it was merely listened to by Saturday night's audience in gene ral as a necessary accompaniment, and did rot receive anything like the public approbation which is deserved. The first matinee of 'Macbeth' will be on Wednesday. 