GHOSTS THAT HAUNT WINDSOR CASTLE. Is England in Danger ? There is a tradition that whenever England is in danger ghosts of some of her former kingB and qaeens^walk in the lonely_ Chambers of Windsor Oastle.' Strangely enough, just as the oountry is agilatod by the Transvaal difficulty tho uneasy shade of King Henry VIII. has been detected in the aoE of flitting about tho Oastle. * There aro now three ghosts of tho first-class who are reported on exoellent authority to be in tho habit of walking through the oorridorn and chambers of ancient Windsor., These are Honry VIII., Queen Elizabeth, Charles I. Tho alleged appoaranoe of Honry VIII. haB been made publio in a some what roundabout manner. It was learned recently that the Queen had ordered tho lighting of tho great State Library of tho Oastle by oleotricity. As the room is a very anciont one, lined with splendid woodwork of great value and antiquity, the work of fitting iu the eleotric light wires is a difficult and delicato one. Moreover, it was not necessary for the benefit of readers, becnuso no one haB occasion to ase it at night. The news about the lighting of the library, therefore, created oomo interest, and inquiry elicited the faot that it had been ordered by the Queen at the request of some superstitious members of her family and household. The last person who saw a ghost in tho OaBtle was Lieutenant Arthur St. Leger Glyn, of the Grenadier Guards, a grand son of Lord Wolverton. He is a young man of vigorous health with a matter of faot temperament, and is said to be not at all mystical in his nature. He relates that he waB in command of the guard in the interior of the OaBtle.. It was late in the evening, and he was standing in the library. A dim light struggled through the anoient stained glass windowB. Suddenly he became aware of a figure advancing Bilently down the middle of the library. It oame swiftly past him, and filled him with Buoh fear and astonishment that he stood helplesa for several moments. Then he recovered himself, and called sternly to the intruder to explain who he was. The figure passed on without paying any attention. Lieutenant Glyn drew his sword, and thruBt it at the figure. The sword met with no resist ance. The figure went on and disappeared through the door. Lieutenant Glyn ran out, and asked a sentinel if he had seen the man who had just passed through. The sentinel replied that he. had seen no one. Lieutenant Glyn afterwards consulted with the- librarian, and various old officials, and told them what he had seen. The figure, as well as he oould remember, waa that of a man in sixteenth century dress. He woro long hose and a doublet, whioh appeared to be richly decorated. Ho was of tremendously heavy build, and great girth. His features were bloated, and woro an ex pression of anguish. ' Most of the OaBtle officials with whom Lieutenant Glyn consulted, agreed that he had seen tho ghost of King Henry VIII., whose appearance has been reported at rare intervals in the Oastle. Lieutenant Glyn admitted that all he had seen tended to confirm this view. It is astonishing to find bo many people of high position, and presumably high intelligence in England, who give oredence to theBe ghost storieB. Princes and prinoesseB, army officers, high dignitaries of the Ohurch, and Court officials do not question these super natural appearances in Windsor Oastle. Many of these porsonB give oiroum Biutitial accounts of apparitions they witnessed. When Lieutenant Glyn's story beaame known it was decided that the ghosts were becoming too numerous, and a menaoe to peace and comfort. Of course, they cannot be prevented from walking in the small hours of the morning, but that they Bhould disturb modem ladies and gentlemen early in the evening is intolerable. The Queen was, therefore, petitioned to have the library lighted by oleotricity, and gave her consent. It is not supposed that the ghost of a six teenth century king will care to appear in the eleotrio light. It ie only two yearB ago sinoe Mr. Holmes, the librarian of Windsor Oastle, reportod the appearance of another ghust in this library. He was reading there, when he beoame aware of a mysteriouB presence. He looked, and saw a woman wearing a coronet, an im „ ..... meuse run, u ntuuiwutu .. m. jowolB, and a voluminous Bkirt. He at once recognised that it was Queen Elizabeth. She was wringing her handB, aud her faoe woro an expreBBion of fear. Mr. HolnieB followed the apparition, but it disappeared through a door, and a woman who was outBide said that she had Been no one. Tho Empress Frederick of Germany, oldest daughter of the Queen, declares that Bhe saw the ghost of Queen Eliza beth in- the library when ahe was a child. In the library thero is a gallery which was built by Queen Elizabeth. Tta windows look out on the terrace of the Castle. Here the Queen used to walk, and dovise schemes of statecraft. Thero iB at least one other ghost in Windsor. Tho Dean of Windsor, who is also chaplain to tho Queen, is not suro whether Henry VIII. or Queen Elizabeth hauntB tho Oastle, but he does know that the Bpirit of King Charles I. is to be seen annually in tho vioinity. The ghost of the beheaded monarch is reported to visit an anoient house in the Canon's Olose, whioh iB a dependency of the OaBtle. Mrs. Boyd-Carpenter, wife of the Bishop of Ripon, whose husband was formerly a Canon of Windsor, oooupied thiB houso. Sho states that on June 26 she heard the ghoBt walk upstairs and open a door, but did not see. it. Aftor-' wardB she learned that June 26 was the night on which the unhappy monarch was reputod to visit the house every year. One oannot imagine a more suitable locality for ghosts than Windsor Oastle. It has been the residence of every English monarch Binoe William tho Conqueror, and had seen more than eight hundred years of splendour, blood, crime, romance, and tragedy. It was built by William tho Oonquoror shortly after 1066. St. George's Chapel, whioh is attached to it, was finished by Henry VII., father of Henry VIII., whoso ghost is reported to havo been seen 