! Hudson's Best Man. j A MILITARY INCIDENT. ! ~ The Plymouth express was really doing her level best on her way to intercept the P. and O. boat outward bound for Kurachi and Bombay. But it was* much too slow for one of her passengers, and as much too fast for another who shared the carriage with him, and helped to litter it with the multifarious articles which go to make up.the kit of the British officer on foreign" service. Too slow« for George Smyth, who longed to get the. journey over and find himself back amongst the little brown Ghurkis his soul loved and all the excitement bf the Frontier Cam- paign. , Too fast, much too fast, for young Dick Hodson, his friend and fellow officer, who had just left his promised wife on Paddington platform, and whose generally cheery face now wore a look of the most settled melancholy. " Cheer up, Dick ! " Smyth said at last, throwing down his paper ; "say- ing good-bye is a poor amusement, but we've all got to get through, it sometimes. And I've only promised her six months at the outside to get the trousseau ready." Dick smiled mournfully. "Easy enough for you, 'old bachelor,' he said, "but you simply don't know what good-bye means. Just wait till you're in my place !" The elder man picked up his paper again with an odd little twisted smile. "Perhaps I don't, Dick," he said, and disappeared once more behind the Times. But presently, when Dick was once more completely absorbed in a blind contemplation of the land- scape, Smyth quietly brought out of his pocket a small gold locket care- fully encased in wash-leather. For i quite a long time he looked down at a bright girlish face which smiled at him from within. Then he closed the locket and put. it softly to his lips-" i'll bring him back, dear," he wnispered, "or stay out there my- self:' \\.:-r He slid the locket back into its resting place, and walked across the i carriage. \ "Wake up, old boy!" he said, putting his hand , on Dick's shoulder -" she'll be proud as Punch of that D.S.O. which is waiting fot you out there ! And think how it will look in the papers-'On the so and so inst., at St. George's, Hanover square,' or whatever sanctuary you may select for the"honour. " Captain Richard Hodson, D.S.O., to Margaret, only daughter," etc., etc. ! Hodson'smiled. "Tes, and don't you forget another important item in the report-' Captain, or Major it will be then, George Smyth per- formed all the arduous duties of best man with his usual courtesy and elegance'-we're, not going to have that left out, I cala tell you, though I believe even now you're thinking how to get out of it !" "Not for worlds, Dick! If I've to bring the Mad. Mullah himself along at the end of a rope, I'm going to be on the spot to see you two fixed up." " George ?" "Yes." ," What beats me. is how you, who knew her ever since she was a girl, ¡could help .falling in love withner yourself?' ' Smyth's bronzed face flushed slightly: "Don't know, old man," he said at last, " but I think Nature cut me out for an old bachelor-somehow. Hullo ! here we are ! Got your traps ready?" # * # Tang ! Thud ! and a bullet snipped through the side of the tent and into the pole foot. " Confound it all," came in a sleepy grumble from the darkness, " that's a bit too much !" A camp bedstead creaked , thank- fully, and next moment a head was thrust out of the tent. The Indian moon was full, and the lines of the British camp stood out as clear as daylight in the hollow. All around it the black mountains rose like the sides of a huge chipped bowl. But just now the bowl's Brim was twinkling with little sparks of fire which kept flashing out at odd intervals, causing grievous wrath and evil- speaking among the sleep- less men. For each spark meant a wily sniper snugly lying under cover, with a civilised rule at each shoulder, and the big white camp beneath him in the distance as a target which even an Afridi sharpshooter could hardly miss. Tang! Another bullet sang by -overhead this time-and the flash which heralded it had sparkled from a spur of rock scarcely 800 yards away. The watcher marked the spot. " We could cut that fellow off, any- how," he muttered, as he dived back into the tent. " I wonder if Smyth's awake ?" In a couple of minutes he stepped out into the moonlight, strapping a revolver round his waist, and hur- ried to a tent at the end of the line. He squeezed his head inside the flap and whistled softly. " Who's there ?" asked, a gruff voice. The visitor untied the fastening at last and slipped inside. " It's I, Hodson," he said ; " wake up-I've got a game on that will suit you nicely." The owner of the tent sat up grumbling, and struck a match. " Hullo, Dick," he said sleepily ; " what on earth is up ?" " That !" said Hodson, as another bullet whistled through the air. " That fellow's down below the ridge making fancy shooting at eight hundred. He's right out by himself, and it's a lovely chance for a really neat bit of stalking. So just get into%our boots and come along quick." > "Don't be a fool, Dick! Why can't you stay in bed and try and get some sleep ?-you'll want it to morrow. Besides, he won't hit any- thing !" " Won t he, by Jove ! He's got the range, and put a shot bang into my tent. I'm going, anyhow. I've had about enough of him, and the men can't get any sleep with these brutes peppering away all night. So good- night, if you won't corned" Smyth saw his friend's figure blacken in the doorway. Then for one hateful instant temptation surged up hot within him to let him go alone. There was danger, and he might not return. Then The moment passed. But it left the sweat standing on his forehead. He sprang up with a jerk. "Dick'." he shouted, and hardly knew the voice for his own. The steps _ returned, and Dick's head was thrust in again. ? Hullo !" he said ; " I thought you'd want to come, after all. Good !" "Well, wait a bit!" Smyth growled. J^Jf you really won't leave the poor harmless beggar alone, I suppose I must come and look after you. My 'best man' duties begin- ning already," he muttered, strug- gling into his boots. Presently the two men stole out of the tent, and stood for a moment in the shadow behind. ?i Mark forward ! " Dick chuckled flippantly, as another flash came from .the spur.. The bullet sang overhead. "He's lost his elevation, though!" ; j The sentry grinned as they gave ¡the countersign. " 'Ope theyll nip the beggar,"- he said, as he watched them creeping cautiously across the open ground towards the cliffs. "'E's a precious sight too near the target, 'e isl" Half, an hour's breathless climb landed^ them panting, but compara- tively intact, at the top of the spur. " Where is he ?" Hodson whispered. And the question was answered next j moment by a shot which rang out almost at their very feet. Hodson wriggled cautiously to the edge and peerecl over. Thirty feet j below, and apparently suspended 'over space, he made out the head and shoulders of a white figure, lying flat on its stomach; the rest of the body was hidden by a bulge in the cliff face. Presently, as they watched, the figure moved, and a well-oiled rifle I barrel glistened in the moonlight. Smyth nodded, and Hodson's hand crept noiselessly to his belt, and then slowly, very slowly, his arm stretched I downwards over the edge. This time the report which rang out was crisper than its predecessors, and j punctuated with a short, choking grunt from below. The white form stiffened for an instant onits elbows, and then collapsed limply. "No more pot-shots, for you, my friend ! " And Hodson turned - to lind Smyth, with his back towards him, staring intently down the path they had just climbed. "Look there!" . And Hodson looked. " What he saw was not reassuring. Two hundred yards away a score of dim figures were climbing like cats over the rocks towards them. " Have they seen us ?" "No-I don't-think so; but they heard your shot-and there's nc cover here." " Good God ! Look there !" , Further up and taking a slanting course along the crest, were more moving specks. Their second line oi retreat was cut off now. Smytt spun round again on his stomach tc the cliff's edge. " Just a chance," he muttered, hali to himself, "if we can get there !" They crawled along the edge, look ing for the place where the man had gone down. They found it-a nar row crack in the cliffs face. Somehow at last they reached t narrow broken shelf beneath theil feet. They edged perilouslyalong, Smytl first, until the edge ended abruptly round a sudden corner in a narrov jutting platform. A white heap la^ there with brown arms sticking oui stiffly over the edge. They crouched back against the overhanging rock Smyth glanced upwards. "They can't see us here if we kee», back," he said ; then he eyed thedeac man curiously. Suddenly he bent forward, anc straddling over the body, lifted i slightly and unfastened a stiff cart ridge box from the waistbelt. Witt this he quickly propped up the heav^ head, fixing the box under neck ant chin. Then he bent the stiffening arms and fingers to hold the rifl< again, ramming the butt home undei the shoulder. When it was done thi dead man at their feet lay once mort aiming straight over the camp. Suddenly they heard voices on th« cliff above, and someone spok< angrily-"Fools and sons of fools it is he then only, even as I said !' and then called down over the edge " Good, O my son ! What quarry foi thy hunting, little hawk ?" Smyth grasped the dead man': ankles and stirred the body slightly " A fair mark, my father," ne an swered gruffly, in the same tongue and waited, silent. "Hast a dry throat from thj watching ?" came the answer, slowly Then another voice broke in excit edly, but no words reached them Then a short pause. Suddenly a small stone droppei past the dead man's head, and thei another, better aimed, rattled on th barrel of the rifle. " No go, after all," Smyth said, am with a quick thrust at the feet sen the body over the ledge. "Mor room now. How many rounds havi you got ?" "Belt full?" was the answer. " Good ! we'll hold them yet." Thei he drew his revolver and fired si: times quickly, signalling the sleepin] camp. The enemy gave no sign. But a last a soft sliding sound struck o; the straining ears of the besieged. Inch by inch a dark head edge forward round the corner. The) \- ^ . ' the white shoulders. But Hodson was watching. In a second a tall figure stood upright, clinging con- vulsively to the rock with clutching fi%ers, and then fell headlong. A dull crash came up through the quivering .air. "They can come that way as often as they like," Hodson said, grimly, I as the smoke cleared. " Hurrah ! look there !" Lights were flashing to and fro in the camp. " We shall win through yet, George." Smyth grasped the outstretched hand. " Please God, old man !" he said but on the words came a flash from the far cliff and a bullet chipped off a bit of rock behind them. "No, Dick, we're done ; they've got us safe after all !" "Lie down!" Smyth said, sternly, as another bullet bit into the rock. " Not I, old man," for there was no room for both to lie in the shadow. Another shot came, and this time the aim was better. Hodson lurched forward. "It's nothing," he said, faintly ; " only the shoulder-I'm alright," "Ah! that's better, old boy," said Smyth, as Hodson collapsed in a dead faint. " Now God grant me two minutes." He thrust his hand inside Hodson's tunic, and felt the blood trickling fast from a- jagged wound low down in the right shoulder. Then he hur- riedly-made a rough pad of his handkerchief, and pressed it over the wound, fastening his belt round tightly over it to keep the pad in its place. Bullets spluttered on the rock around him, but God gave him his two minutes. He laid Hodson down full length in the dark angle of the rock. His left hand groped inside his tunic and pulled out a little gold locket fastened by a chain round his neck. "I shan't bring him back, after all," he muttered ; " but he'll get back-all right-if they're only quick." He pressed the locket to his lips for an instant tightly. Then a bullet took him full in the chest. He swayed a little, but still knelt up in front of Hodson's body, clinging dizzily to the rock. with his left hand until he steadied himself. Then he unfastened the locket, and, sinking back, thrust it into Dick's clenched hand, " Better there," he whispered, and tried to kneel up again ; but another shot hit him, and then a third. He fell back just as a scattered volley rang out overhead. "They've been quick," he gasped, "but-too late-for me." Then he nerved himself to a supreme effort, and shouting " Guides ! Guides !" fell back on Hodson's body. He just opened his eyes when the rescuers got them to the top. The officer who supported him was quick to answer the unspoken question " Hodson's safe," he said. For a moment the glazing eyes brightened, and the ghost of a smile flitted across the drawn face. His lips moved. "Tell him-to get someone else," came faintly. Then his head dropped forward. Hodson's " Best Man " had failed him after all. -Harmsivorth's Magazine. 