, r - -a m an of resource. .Sir'John Walters'wasthe most admirable spy ever attached to an army. In the Peninsular War he gave Lnrd Wellington tho most accurate and valuable information about the Spaninrds , and their movements. On one occasion he was . taken prisoner hy a company of Spanish dragoons while still clad in the English uniform. He was supposed to lie a stupid Britisher who could not understand a word of French or Spanish, and hi.- cap'ors ooi'verspd freely before him. ; rie learned from his guards, while riding between them, that they were going to kill and ; rob him at an nldi'mili'where the company was ; to s' op for. 'dinner!. They would' pretend that they shot- him because of his attempt to escape. On reaching the mill the dragoons dismounted and went; inTo cbd'hr.use, leaving flieir primmer j outside, in tho hope that he would attempt to usc.pe. The instant (they were out ot" sight, Maters; threw His clo.dc upon a neighboring "live hush, (and mounted: his cocked hat on top. Somu , empty flour sacks lay on the ground, and into : one of them he crawled. A" moment later tho j dragoons came out,, fired their carbines at thu supposed prisoner, and galloped off, intending ' to return later ro rifle the body. A horse, loaded with sacks of flour, stood j nrar the door, ami Sir John, still enveloped in j the sack, managed to throw himself on 'the! h-nse's back, as if hi- were part of the load. Tho .- on ner at length caine out, 'mounted, and"rOde j away without detecting the peculiar contents of j one of the sacks. j When far enough away for safety, " aters. | fin-iioghis position most uncutiiforlahie, managed j to free himself from the sack, and s it up. The J horseman, chancing to look round, beheld the | man covered iviih flour, and tool him to ho a ghost., perched behind him. -Terrified at the i-ight, he fell over in a swoon, and the supposed gln.st thrust him to the ground and galloped off. '..Sir John reached the English camp without further adventure, and was warmly greeted by Wellington. 