Tlie Saviour of Natal One of the Bulldog Breed. Visits tke gueexu Visitors went to Windsor from all quarters on Saturday, November 17, to get a glim[se of General Buller, who had been commanded, with Lady Audrey Buller, by the Queen to Windsor Castle. The town was decorated, the borough flag being hoisted over the Guildhall. General and Lady Buller travelled from Aldershot and on reaching Staines junction changed carriages for the Windsor branch. Here several thousands of people were assembled and cheered the General and sang " For he's a jolly good fellow." As the train left or Windsor hearty cheers were again raised, which Oniral Buller acknowledged. At Windsor Sir Arthur Bigge, the Queen's Private Secretary, was in waiting to receive Sir Uedvers on behalf of Her Majesty and there was tlie Mayor (Mr. W. P. Rcavell) and Corporation. The Mayor wore his chain of office and the mace was borne in front of him. In the station and its vicinity tome hundreds of persons were congregated and as the train steamed in air Uedvers Hu\Wr was heartily chrered. Alter Wing welcomed by Sir Arthur Bigge he was es:ortrd into tlic Uoyal waiting room, where were assemble! the the Mayor and Corporation. After a number of presentation had been made the Mayor welcomed General Buller in a short speceli. The General, having briefly replied, chook hands with the Mayor aid then, with Lady Buller, entered the Royal cairiagc and started for the castle. Otving to the inclement weather ihc carriage was closed and thus the asseaibled specta'ors failed to g«t a sight of him. < Joneral and Lady Buller remained on Saturday night at the castle. In the com so of the •vening the Prince of Wales ca-ne from Mailborough House and j oined the Queen's dinner pany. JJis Royal Highness also stayed at th» castle for the night. Leaving Windsor on Sunday, Sir Redvers and Lady Audrey Buller travelled to Hungerford, where the General received a public welcome before driving o(T to Little cute Hall. Sir Redvers had some good shooting on Monday over t'e Littlecot estate. On Monday he and Lady Audrey left for Salisbury, travelling thence to Crediton. There aie few more charming houses in Eng'and than the quaint, whitefronted mansion at Uownes, near Crediton, wh' re Sir Redvers Buller was born, in IW.I. In this old house General Buller spent his childhood, and he came into possession of the estate in 1872. The house, which is a rambling one, dates back to about 1820, but of the earlier portion little now remains. It stands in a fine and well-timbered park, which is reputed to be haunted by the ghost of a Cavalier. General Builer is said to be passionately attached to the fine old place, and makes as good a country squire as he does a soldier. Crediton was a blaze of decorations and triumphal arches, with mottoes of welcome everywhere, in honour of the "Saviour of Natal," Amid one con- tinued roar of cheering Sir Redvers and Lady Buller drove to the town hall, where Sir John Shelley read an address of welcome, whicli was enclosed in a massive frame of Devonshire oak. In his reply the general thanked his friends and neighbours for their hearty welcome home to Devonshire. On his way to his home a*. Downs the general's tenancy took the horses from the carriage and drew it to the doors of the mansion. At night there were firework displays, and the town was for several hours brilliantly illuminated. A Character Sketch. T S General Sir Redyers I3uller. 