[?] '& ' Aplsti Hery Ghost. that; pst 'to < itf'zsiUl. merely ®ay that liani ; a tramp, or interest to no one, except T>y fiance 4o the farmer's doj; er to the ' ' police. On theSpnriTcularSJaJ it- trhleli . l apenkl hadAeeu .piking since, eup- : rise along road6 "eiere the noC-d ust spurted twderJ toy shuffling Slepic and! . . where the sight of a solitary blotch , or shade was as grateful as tiie clink ot ice to the thirsty.1 >' «« -' - 1 carried in companion in my pocket, a little hat, hhi /pouijiisjnipii, and.gty; now and then, when the prospect became unusually dry and my hunger too Jn'slsfe1 . cnl, liaised totoy JlljS3thatnp)Uth;whlch alone 01 nil others had been constant to me— the mouth of the bottle. Towards afternoon, as I marched dog gedly on, I became .aware <W ft -Suddfn., \- cool lapping of shadow over myghould-. , cr, and glancing about! saw that astorm , was beating /up Behind me. By some malevolent inspiration I re membered having heard that on this very road stood ® -disused distillery;' a. . favourite resting-place for travellers of my description. JCot far ahead was a clump of pine trees, and behind them.rose the outlines of an old chimney. I "hurried towards the place, plunging through :a tangle, of dnsty weeds/ and, sure enough, there stood the building of which I was In search, Its sagging roof and bursting walls green with age. There were two holes ripped In tlie roof, staring deep and empty as the eyes of a skull. I crawled under the door just In time, for the next moment the rain came roaring-down straight as melted lead. It mast have heen a dismal place at best but now, under the -thick sky and drumming rain-dropsy it" was particularly dispiriting, There were, two rooms op jiyioyiyp-potTrili jj0 visible .mpjns ocomraujitca'ttou thut s.y wide wludows'sct ln the 'watl.TheUtlass ' panes were unbroken. and the room be hind was perfectly dark. Connecting these rooms jvith tin; aVtlc,was a fcii&ety;, staircase. Ejhg earthen flilor- was scorer: : ed with a dank mesh of pale rgrass- blades. 1 cowered against the' wall "while the storm boomed and crackled erer my head, elosing my eyes, front time to time against thejshoti of white fire that darted throiigiiithe chittks.aud under the door. Presently, aV I'at with my (hot lids drawn down, 1 a starfiiiigscutf? of some one looWn/at ne j I tunrod quick- , Jy towards ttuywindow-bf wbbfb I,Jihve: «poken. and inhere, pressed agaiustv the dark class. ?was a fajce, peetba; at tbe' steadily. O.h. the horror of that fhcc ! for, as I looked, the outlines -began) to change a7jd provr, like febmo groat eolimir- less jelly— a soft, 'human jolly ocEiug wnd epreadkng across tbp panes. I 'shut any eyes -rad mr 'heart; Mattered tojy: rSbs., Agalib I looked, fftJIMbe face tva' there, only this time' Hie slack mouJth drew back Su afsickeaing smile, audi JJt ran on its blue/ tongue, licking its loose 'lips juletijvl started to my feet wSth atcry. and aaI did so tb£ -window to slide-up. f - v ' - :« " X 'dropped to the floor weak TPijlrifcnr. and the sashi foil Into place agafcn. Then 1 realised thfat I must lie there, tabsoBut-e- v ly eHIL for/if I ros. jliewindngr rose. teo— lie Htere and lSok, wiiilc, timtVaco I , leered alt ane /rocl tjeblnid tlie jgiksB. -fijrHudiy 1t bopin .to 1 -aaora with fyg flaiSdrr ye latinou? i awayfeig. . B ft "bond of-r, awl ' taise somortiing from the 'fkinfr. #?on)o- "r thing that bad boon a man. but .now lump qnfte llinply in jts mouths Iti pressed" the bodfr against the jyindoiA&ujdiinff; . elleutly, andf saw- Hiiyee'tf ! few! holp jne ! for the first; tlmc lrj world T looked in to my "own faooj Mb'own fact did I eay ? No, f5j>jnr. Wonted ani- snkl, purple, pimpled, t)ri4li 'eyeballs -so \- blood-shot that they srjemed-to be star ing through a yrb , of 3 n»d Is go. flow jong l lay 43/reH <a»inot- toIK- Atlatt I moved, an-£ niv : Ivand tooriicfl i something cold : It .nvas tny tlie ' companion of any /vwiudcwiiagsi I lield 3t pp. and saw jhcreiwas still a drop pr two jn l.io |lj drained It lo tlie _ dregs, and wanrood me and t made me 6trp. 5. - At that mo" fl1Gnt the? Thfng began tn ; iriiise its iial'/ia, horrible feclors.. twiRl- the oody'it held, "snhp- 1>Ing the llr jibs off and, dropping them \ Into.lts m- .-nth! Itfherc thc :1>luc tongue 'il>wn hnngvity. ; . . It had ftolslw its .pneal, , hul it iSUll ; igw1t»vagne5yeK ftii nuy-abd then/T rea«so-i., thai 1 was moving, : -slipping : <lUietl'y 'tow.irdn;,!! t,;, olafticiafl a(,;lhp rottinjrf steps, '"and flHw'.crnmW/ld' .;?fn hrowwjpowdcr In iny hntftls. I gfo'nnd my/%ny;erK inlb'thc eartliznMI there was a;tyall of looSy fond aftip'r1 inc. Tiicn 1 ipaf>e one sunerhuinan .effort. .rl.iRjicd y up ttl),o swnylngfetaireafeeit aid broke In- .,:totl»athc. - r . , . ; ; ?|t4binnned kh'eidoorian'df threw vnyself itnst ItJtor dlJiad.s.wilthatpccucse'l = a>x,: i; " ieayteS. and I knew fliit tlie Tliing Jf wpnld/follow me, and tear, me to pieces. ' i atft- plunge me Into its uioulli. and ;:/>imi9h andmxuigleiiellKitwi!cn its tootb- \- " Tbe rnom wherc. fou(idi piyspf. -yas s idlm and wet. y . 'tiie wall a flaitirog tilp "of 'Siwsef '- jowed like atforgeiin the tirtinfliT. () lioiff.'tlie raJn cgnieo.pniyAn ioosely- \- l)h nn BUS h ,aml flu dhiin i 1 id sliud- ann hearing a .deep, horrible chuckle ; then -1 fell fbriard— aud remember no thing more. — --- - - It wag midnight when I became eon- pclous again. , .The auonn' hajishyuplt hi-,, to'l'tlie zenith, aud was looking nt Imo .with. lis Jllile -, ivhite eye, I was very weak, ind piy hands were atlff with dty. hl6od; . .- There was not a living thing in sight, Sonly tiie pale ribbon of the de serted road and the gray fields stretch ing away to the sky. , -Far on jnyJeft stood a (dump of nine . trees f llehind' thcin 'rose-tile outlines oft an old -chluu.ey, 'and, sick as I was. 1 went' 'hobbling through the night till tbe plnce .was lost to view. Then I crawled into a damp hayrick— and slppb— Julie Closson Kenlv w Ihe " Weekly Sun." 