CONCERNING THACKERAY AND BOUILLABAISE. When you are at Marseilles it is impera- tive that you eat "bouillaboise." Its praises were sung long ago by Thackeray, and ju- bilantly endorsed by Sala. Years ago at a chalet that belonged to John Ford, the accomplished editor of the "New York Times " and I ate bouillabaise made by au amateur cook, a charming and distin- guished Frenchman. It occupied an hour in Fulton market to collect the Ash. Mue'i regret was expressed that New York did not possess the English sole, and I think the mussel, but there was good compensa- tion in the little neck chun and the bass. Two bottles of white wine, and certain con- diments and peppers completed thc ingre- dients, and away we went to that pretty little shanty with its handsome salon on Long Island. The dish was a great succès-, a glorified fish stew, every flavour of every fisn combined with tho transparent wine soup daintily commingled. But this we« not the bouillabaise of Marseilles, Thacke- ray, and Sala, delicious though it was, for it lacked thc saffron flavour and the garlic and cloves ; it was too delicate, it was a Sunet compared with the rough grip of a Kipling, lt was the first of this present month of December when we ate bouill.i baiso at Marseilles, and wc atc it in thc open air in front of a restaurant where it was a speciality. The sun was shining in a blue Italian sky. Beggars, hawkers, sisters of mercy, soldiers, sailors, waggon- ers, postmen, cotton and grain waggons, thc post and telegraph carts, and the Moorish and Algerian figures necessary to the picture, paired by, and we pitied our friends groping their way through the fo->« of London, and regretted that our French neighbours arc not as pleasant -as their southern skies. Opposite, our attention was challenged by a notification of boals for the Pharaoh. The ghost of Dante still hovered over us, you see, and presently w; drank to tile immortal memory of his crea- tor, Dumas. Dantes did not miss much in his ignorance of bouillabaise. It is very we.II, and-without certain ingredients that my friend of New York left out-very fine, good in its way as a distinctive dish ns terrapin, or turtle, porterhouse steak, fres1: killed woodcock on toast, game pie, or Welsh rabbit. Do you know the "chowder"' of America Î You can get it in London now. You won't like it, but SB a basis for bouillabaise it is highly to be commende Ï. The Marseilles dish is made of sundry fishes, boiled in oil and white wine, anJ flavoured with salfron, orange juice, onion», garlic, bay, parsley, and clover. Wc ex- pended an extra franc or' two for an extra example, and it came to table with a young lobster in the centre. Eels and u white fish that might have been haddock were prominent in thc yellow sauce, and thc dish was supplemented with a bowl of yellow soup with sippets of toast. Wc tool: it with while wine, and failed to he as enthusiastic about it as Thackeray or Sala, though wc tasted it until bedtime, notwithstanding tile digestive competition of cigars and cafe noir ! But when y JU have lived in thc world a fairish Rpan, and lasted most of its sweets and all ils bitters (let us hope), tho palate goes back to its unsophisticated tastes and enjoys that which the digestive organs most easily as- similate. So let us sing the glories of tho grilled sole and the red-hot mutton chop of our native land ! 