In the Night Express. Science Works Miracles. I A prince of tho trains is the long line of magnificent sleeping-cars and " corridor" coaches that stretches from end to end of the donnrture ulatform in the great glass-roofed terminus, says a writer in tho Globe. You stroll on a short jo.urney of inspection before taking your place, and you feel that ns a rail way passenger, even of the third class, you are in theso days a person of importance. For you, just because you happen to bo a humble member of what they call tho "travelling public," minded to go forth somo two or thrco hundred miles from home, tho possi bility of travel has gradually become its case, its enso becomes its comfort, and its comfort luxury. For you, with your couple of sovereigns in your pocket, has modern scionco worked its miracles, "to drive your road a nation's length," and send you flying along tho same, by night or by day, in a palace on wheels — and " six- wheel bogies " at that. It is not youss to have seen Shakespeare in the flesh or taken a cup of tea with Dr. Johnson ; but it is yours to fly from London to Edinburgh in nino hours and u bed. Time has his compensations as well as his revonges, and though tho tendency of them may be to tho utilitarian, they are by no moans contemptible in opera tion. Horis a journey by tho night express u thing prosaic, to those who do not sleep. If perforce it must be a vigil, matter for reflection is provided for tho watcher. , But our timo is now come, for the hands of tho big clock havo crept up to tho starting hour. Already the two groat locomotives havo glidod up and been Coui'lbd to Our Train, and the men in charge, having given the last look round, are leaning out to watch for their signal. Presently it comes ; two or throe members of an army of red lights change to green ; the ponderous driving wheels strain at tho huge dead weight behind fhem, slip through thoir ovor eagerness, and then, palling thomselvcs together, take an irrcsistiblo grip of tho metals, and walk off steadily into tho darkness with their load. Out wo glide into tho night, rich mou going comfortably to hod, 'poor men settling themselves not uncomfortably to invito the sleep god. And now wo arc rush ing rathor than gliding, rushing onward, ovor onward, into tho night ; rushing past tho sheds where weary engiues "rest and nro fed and cleaned; rushing through a littlo suburban' station, where a huniblo little train-of- all-work is discharging a load of sleepy theatre- goers; rushing' out into tho country now, spoeding across fields where shadowy trees wave gliostly arms to us through tlie night; rushing now magnificently and taking the rend in onr stride as we find it, at ono moment plunging through a cutting, at another shooting out over a viaduct, sparks and rod-hot cinders swooping past us along the hedgerows, aud the glare emitted by tho evor-oponing furnace door casting its weird light over the darkness. For bo it remembered tbat we aro flying through the night and all the inherent horrer of darkness. Therein lies the peculiar fascination of ' tho experienco. Sleepless among the sluepors, you shoot across tho map, and high overhead the green lights shino upon your coming, urging you onward and ever onward. Truly a wondrous flight, and almost - bordening Upon the Uncanny. Yet familiarity with it has bred eon- tempt in tbo minds of many mon, and to them it is a column in the book of Bradshaw," nothing more. The moon has by this timo appeared to make the darkness visiblo and east her placid light over the landscapo and" tho objects evqr sweeping past. Cot tages and farmhouses and old-fashioned country churches, hero u picturesque village nnd thoro a fairly largo market town, all come . gliding into view nnd go off fading out' of sight, all bathed in the dim moonlight, cold and gray and ghost-like, sunk in sleep's temporary oblivion of tho external world. And still tho endless white steam-oloud is flying overhead unceasing; still the sparks and red cinders como hounding along: tho track ; , still continues the wild ohorus of tho wheels. A hoavy rumbling minoral train, going in our direction, is overtaken and left behind. Tho rails inoroaso and multiply into a wide , expanse of gleaming bars to right and loft; trucks nnd waggons and shunting engines, all the accessories and properties of tho goods yard of somo largo" station, rush into sight and vanish at tlie sound of a long- drawn shriok, onding in a very toler able yell, that sends us flying through the great deserted station, with its long stretches of unoccupied platforms, in hospitable refreshment-rooms, and locked' and abandoned: booking-office. "Where be its thronging crowds nowj i » and its normal scene of life, and hustle and business dnd animation ? What sing our hogie-wheols, with emphasis? " Thoy say the lion and the lizard keop Tho courts whore Jnmshyd gloried and drank deep." Amd stationed up aloft in his cabin, watching over tho doserted and desolate station, alert and vigilant and obedient" to the hell, is "' Tjie Good Genius op Our Headlong Rush, tho man who pulla the levers that ohango tho red lights into greon. Think of him and his brethren, ye comfortable gentlemen at your case in the flying night express; think of them with gratitude. Doubtless you sometimes have a fooling of admiration ,for tho highly trained, cool, lovel headed fol lows on tho footplate, they who calmly hurl the huge train through tho dark ness, ever watehing for tho " distant " and tho "home," with brake nnd regu lator at fingers' ond. Let tho hermits of tho signals, keeping a lonely vigil in thoir lofty cabins, havo some share of your Appreciation. For truly beneficent among thb sons of men' are they who control the coloured lights at tho pole .tops, the lords of the distant lamps, the .working executive of ' the great block system. , 