THE HON. MR. BIRD AND FREE EDUCATION. To the Editor of The Mercury." Sir,-The Minister of Education's remarks on the paper laid before the House of Assembly on last Thursday in connection with the salaries of teachers under i free education are calculated to mislead those who have not thought upon the subject into the conclusion that free education will become a burden on the taxpayers, when such will not really be the case. With your kind permission I should like, through the medium of your valued journal, to say a few words thereupon. First of all we are informed that the immediate extra cost to the State VMII be £15,000 and yet, according to the last Parliamentary returns, the fees collected by the teachers under the present, system were only £10,940, or about 73. percent, of this estimate. Whence comes the necessity to compensate the teachers by nearly 50 per cent. more than they forego in fees? The Minister remarks, "Who is to pay for it?" I reply, that- since the general taxpayer has already to pay some £46,000 odd for education, he will certainly not feel the additional amount required especially heavy, seeing he is largely the very person who were relieved of the payment of the present school fees, which are a direct heavy tax on the honest, hardworking father, who, with an average of three children, that he is really object to having placed on the free list, has to pay £3 9s. annually in fees, besides- bearing his share of the £46,000 odd which the present system costs the taxpayer. Should he not be relieved of this heavy direct impost, seeing the State makes the attendance of his children compulsory? The Minister then asks is it right to levy a tax for this purpose on those without children ?" Is not this an unfair question ? How many are there in Tasmania that have not had or will not have children whose education has been or will become their concern ? Again the Minister remarks Is it fair to ask those who are paying at other schools to be taxed for the benefit of State schools.?" I ask, do not these very people already pay their share of the £46,000 odd, and if so, why not that of the additional amount? If they pre I fear teachers other than those provided by the State they do so for their own pleasure, and, of course, should pay for it. Then the Minister trots out the dreadful bogey of extra taxation. In this case surely a ghost indeed, for have we not long statement of the Chief Secretary, when a few days ago introducing the Defence Bill, "that the year 1900 will show a surplus revenue of £96,000 over that of the previous year; a surplus that will not be all required." However, even supposing it were necessary to impose extra taxa- tion, is £10,720 per annum' to be compared with the benefit the State will derive from an increased attendance at our State schools? There, at any rate, the children will receive useful instruction, which will enable them to engage in life's struggle with some chance of success to themselves, and with advantage to the State, which must benefit by their intelligent labour. And now, Mr. Editor what are we to understand by the Minister of Educa- tion a present attitude on this most important question ? It is so widely different from his utterances in 1883, when he characterised private schools as existing for the conservation of ignorance rather than the promotion of learning." It would almost seem that he is now under the influence of reactions, whose greatest dread is mental and political progress, and having failed in his opposition to Mr. Best's motion, he takes this method of dissuading the House and frightening the taxpayer. At any rate, if the members for the Huon could but realise the intense feeling of disgust entertained by the majority of their constituents at their attitude towards this question, they would hardly feel very comfortable, and they may rest assured that at the next election they will have some awkward questions to answer. Yours, etc., PROGRESS. October 25. _ Volunteer G.M. Co.: Extraordinary meeting 21st inst., Launceston, re- altered tion of a rule, and disposal of shares held in trust and forfeited shares. I 