ELECTRIC LIGHTING. Amazing Awakening. Hurry anfl Haste. Brief Retrospect. ' Tho citizens of Brisbane might well exclaim .with Hamlot's unolo, " One woo doth trcinl upon another's heels,'! bo oontinndusly are they bothered, flustered, and worried bv tho dojngs of their local councillors.' Tho latest source of trouble is tho proposed electric lighting of tbo city, a schomo which seems to "havo suddenly bobbed, up ' from nowhere iu particular to end nobody knows where. Still, it must not be thought that the project of lighting the city by electricity is altogothcr a new one ;' far from it. Special circumstances liavo lately cropped up which have had the effect of hurrying it to .the forefront of 'municipal polities. The period during which the council has been dallying With the project covers some years during which, liko Mahomet's coffin, it has dangled betwixt tho paradisaic realms of municipal somnolence and tho tumultuous streets of the city , which it is proposed to light. It was not until u full year ago that it took any thing like pruotical form, consequent ,upou tho councillors suddenly remembering that tho Ordcr-in-Couucil under which they could act was just about to givo up tho ghost. Tho result was a hurried confabulation, a mounting in hot luts te, and the ad vising engineer to the council wns sent for by a' Bpeciul courier who boro peremptory despatches. The resnlt of that cont'eronco is set forth iti the following re port JULY 11, 1S99. Present; Mr. Hcshotli (Government olee- trical engineer), his worship tho Mayor, and Aid. Nicol Robinson. Mr. Hesxetii said that tho streets coloured blue ou tho mup# produced constituted the area throughout which, under tho order granted to the council, supply would have to bo given in two years. The streets coloured red wore tho area in which supply would havo to bo .given later according to the provisions of the order. .He stated that had ho bcon allowed to draw up a solierae on a commercial basis, tlio areas would havo beon somewhat different, but his instructions were definito that tho whole of tho streets coloured hluu must bu included in tho first saliomo to which tho order was to apply. As a purely commercial scheme, that is, a scheme which would bo most lilroly to inuko a commercial success, he would havo preferred to have coiifiucd operations in thofirst instance to Queen street, wiokham streetfrom Queen to Brunswick streets, George street, Albert street from Alice to Ann streets, Edward stroot from Alice to Ann streets, Creek street, Eagle streot, Elizabeth street. Adelaide street, Brunswick street from Leichhardt to Jane streets, Wiokham terrace, and Leichhardt streot from Wharf to Upper Edward streets. For this area he estimated the plant necessary to feed pnblic and privato lighting adequately would cost some £40,000, and it would bo quito two years from tlio lime definite instructions to proceed with the work wore given before lighting could he undertaken. Tiio M.vron expressod an opinion that it would bo necessary to buy out the Gas Com pany, in order to provide against ruinous competition, but Mr. HEskisrH did not con sider such u course imperative. He iustuneed canes in which corporations owned both gas and electric lighting works, and how it was fjossibto for both to bo successful, if tliov wero managed by separate committees and allowed the fullest scope ill competition. Aid. Robinson expressed un opinion that there would be strong opposition to any .sohemo of electric lighting that did not em brace tho whole city. Mr. Heseetu said ho quito recognised thero might ho a difficulty iu that direction, but until tho streets coloured blue wero provided for, and it was found tho schome was paying its way, ho would not recomiiiond tho council to touch iho urea coloured rod. In roply to questions, Mr. Heskktu then oxplnined at somo length the cost of wurkiug and of plant, &a.;, as -set forth in his report. , The Mayor suggested that there might bo a possibility of an .-arrangement with tho Brisbuno Tramways Company,1 Limited, for tho supply of current, and asked if that would not bo a great saving. . Mr. Hksiceth said such could bo done, and explained tho process, which would require substations for tlio housing of converters nt various points, uud would undoubtedly meuu a great saving of plant und buildings, "thus iu a sonso being ohcuper. At a rough calcu lation, ho thought tho council could go into the blue scheme under an arrangement of that kind at au outhq of £80,000 instead of the £44,000 whioli would bo required if a com plete generating plant were obtained. Tho Mayor and Aid. Robinson both asked at about what figure it would pay tho council to take current from tho company. SB. Heskete said that spoaking off hand and without close calculations ho thought from 2d. to 2d. per unit would ho a fair thing, and if the company was not prepared io supply at that price, lib would say obtain a complete plant. As to tlio selling price, the council would probably require to obtain '8d. or !)d. per unit for tho first unit, and fl(l. per unit thereafter. Mr. Hcsketli thcu pointed out from his report wluit tho cost to tho council would aboutcomo to, und what margin of profit might ho ox- pccted when tlio plant was working with a fair demand. Aid. Robinson asked what would bo tlio probablo cost of a plant to provido public and privato lighting over the wholo ot tho oity, coloured both rciLnnd lilue, with a fair demand for privato lightiiffhsAc. Mr. Hksketii saiSr&ihat; for a.complote scheme of that magnitude the cost of a plant to meet tlio donmnd that might hp expected in ten years' time would be £190,000 ; but of course such a scheme would not be under taken at ouce, it would simply be a series of additions on to No. 1 scheme as suggested by liis report. The Mayou asked whether incundescenr gas burners would not provo a dangorons com petitor to oleotricity. Sir. He5Kf.tii said cvidcnco was in favour of oleotricity : au amount of information on tlio subject had boon collected by the .town olork of Douglas, Islo of Mail, nud it was conclusively shown that electric lighting hud nothing to foar from gas uspd through incandescent burners. In the course of discussion Mr. Hesxetii eata tout worn us economically ns the council would ho did not think that the 'goneruting : cost with a separate plant could in five years' timo bo brought bolo'w 24d. per unit, and li would recommend that if possible a guarantee be obtained for a supply for that torm from the Tramways Company, subject to termina tion at two yours' notice. Thus the council would have .time in the event of any hitch to mako preparations to provido a genorntjng plant.. \- Aid. Robinson thought it would bo advis able to have a conforcnco with Mr, Badger on tho subjeot with u view to the, mutual de velopment of ideas, anil possibly thny might got him to mako an offer. Tlio Mayou approved of tho. suggestion, and expressed iiu opinion tbut Mr. Heskeih' should nttend tho conference. , . It wob agreed if possiblo to arrange for u conference with- Mr. ; Badger on EViday. the 14th instant. JULY 14,. 1890. . -Present: Messrs. Badger and Hesketli, liis worship the Mayor, and Aid. Robinson. The Mayou mado 'a short explanation of tho purposes of tho conference, and said that lie supposed Mr. ' Hosketh had given' Mr.' Badger an outline of what was required in ordor that ho might be prepared to muko some offer. . ' , Mr. Badqkb said that ho was quito pre pared to treat with the oounoil iu regard to; supplying current for pnblio . lighting and Sower supply purposes. Of course tbo price opended largely upon tho demand and the length of form- for which supply would bo- required, but ho was willing to onter into a five years' agreement nt the rato of 2Jd. per Board of Trade unit, and that would bo his lowest figure unless the demand was very large, or tbo oounoil oould by tho uso of accumulators regulnto the load. In reply to the Mayor and Aid. Bobinsou,' Mr. Badger said: If tho requirements wore fairly uniform and the domiindvery large; the' Erioe might possibly be reduced to 2-Jd., hut e did not euro to make any definite statement — in faot oonld not. The ourront required would be dolivored by the oompany to tho corporation at tho boundary of the company's works, all work up to that point hoing at the cost of tlio company, and all work boyond would he nt the council's cost. In reply to Mr. Heeketh, Mr. Badoeb stated that if there was a very favourable and Uniform demahd he would bo prepared to consider the question of reducing the lato to 2|d. | Mr. Hesxetii explained by diagrum and reference to liis' report the variations in the load the generating machinery would havo to carry at various parts of tho 24 hours, and in reply to questions by the Mayor and Aid. Bobiuson, said that it was impossible to say at ' this junoture whether tho provision of batteries , for -the purposes of equalisation would bo a saving. _ Mr. Badger said tliit at the present ctugp it would be nothing short of omniscieiico if one could say that. Mi ssrs. ' Hesxeth uud Badukr concurred that it would take at least tbo first 11 vo years to asoertaiii whether it would bo adyautngoous for' the council t d make suoh provision for equalising tho load as would warrant , the company reducing the price to 2Jd. In reply to questions, Mr. Badoeb Baid tho company's present machinery wiia cquitl to all tlio demand whioli ho untioipated.' would bo put upon it within tho next five years, but if there was likoly to be auy great increaso in the demand he should expeet tchavo timely notico. Aid. Robinson uslccd whothor— us payment was to bo made at so much por unit— it would not ho possible to fix a point which, when reached by the demand, should bring ubout a reduction to 2d. Mr. Badoer said he certainly could do so, but if the council wished to hind him lis should certuinly have to protect tho com pany's interest by fixing u minimum, whoreus now he wns offering to supply either a sniuU or lurgo quantity at what he considered a very fair figure, especially fair to tho council. Furthor discussion ensued, in tho course of whioh botii Messrs. Hesketh and Badger gave illustrations of tho variations in the load tho machinery would liavo to early, and otherwise demonstrated tlio position. Tho Mayor and Aid. Bobixson further pressed Mr. Badger to narao the minimum number of units whioh ho would bo prepared to supply ut 2£d., but he declined, to do so in the unuertain state of markets, and several years abend of tho timo when the point ho would fix oould he readied. Mr.. Badoer said tho . council would find themselves in it tnuoh more tiueortnin position if they provided a generating plant than if -tlioy accepted liis offer. Iu reply to Aid. Bobinsou, Mr. Badoer stated that ho had quoted the bottom figure ; "21d. was his, offer to tho council, und no further confcrenco wotdd be of any utility if tho object was to induco him , to reduce that figure. It was agreed that the term of supply referred to in these negotiations was five years certain, terminable thereafter' at two 'years' notico. Mi. Badger then left. Mr. Hesketh said that since the meeting of June 1 1, whou he had given an offhaud esti mate that 2d. per unit would be a fair price for the couticil to pay, he hud made a careful oaloulution and arrived at the conclusion that it would be to the council's advantage to take current from the company even if tliov hnd to pay _ a fraction ovev"2Jd. per unit," and in making this calculation he hud been guided by his knowledge of tlio conditions which obtained in Rookhninptoti and. Charters Towers, and of tho working costs of tlio. Brisbane Tramways Company ' und tlio Brisbaue Eloctrio Lighting Compuny. Ho strongly adviHcd "ucooptanoo of' the TramwaysCoinpany's offor, because although the arrangement would he of mutual benotit to the council audcompnuy, tbo preponderance of advantage lay with the council on all points. Mr. Hesketh said matters had now' assumed a different shape to that under whioh ho had given ou estimate of cost in his report, and it would bo ncoessarv for him to go again into that mutter. If an arrangement with the com pany was arrived at as to supply, tho sub stations with transforming apparatus which would bo necessary would bo a valuable ad junct iu event of the eouucil at a future date deciding to lay down a genorating plant of its own, as, by their aid it wonld be possiblo to select a site for the generating works whioh need not ho in the centre of tho town, and whioh would tiiereforo be of small cost, and in a position most favourable for eebn- oinie.nl woklcing. In regard to tho poll- nihilities for private lighting, the council- must understand that in. tho business portion of tho city tlio Brisbane Eleotrio Supply Compauy would ha a powerful com petitor, as hang ou the ground nud well established, and it was much to bo regretted that tho oounoil hnd lost tho opportunity of buying out that company when the plant was offered some timo ago. In reply to liis worship the Mayor, Mr. Hesketh stated that, so far us tho Gas Com pany was concerned, tlio council need have nothing to foal from competition, as with such favourable terms us tlio Tramways Company wero prepared to givo, tho Gas Company, without an enormous reduction of charges, could not approach tho prico tit wliioli tbo council would ha able to supply either light or power, and of course if the Gits Compuny did 'reduce its chiirges tho genernl body of rateoayers would benefit. Aid. Robinson explained that lie had pressed Mr. Badger so hard in tlio matter of S rices in ordor that tho mutter might bo placed efinitcly before tlio council. Tiie Mayor asked if Mr. Hesketli would furnish a statement of the saving ho. antici pated would be effected in tlio capital aost by 'taking tho supply ,of onrfant from' tho Tram ways Company, as against providing a separate plant for the purpose. This' Mr. Hesketh promised to do. The meeting thou terminated. Post and Telegraph Dopartiucut, Bris bane, July 20, 1899. His worship tho Mayor of Brisbane. — Sir, — Agreeably with your request I beg to band you a revised estimate of the aapitnl oxpoudituro necessary to undertake eleotrio lighting io tho extent of sohemo in my report, of July 31, 1897, that is, to tlio oapnoity of 400 kilowatts, if tho supply is taken from tlio Tramways Company instead of from separate plant, owned and worked by tho corporation. For convonienco iu com parison, I huva followed tho headings of my report as closely us possible : — Silo (for transformer substations) .. £|,0U0 Buildings (for transformer substations) 1,000 Boilers .. .. Pipes ' .. .. Condensers ,. ., .. Transformer nud Regulating pluut 8,000 Switchboards .. .. .. .. 1,200 Battery .. 2,00b Mains and Feeders .. .. .. 12,500 Meters .. .. „ ,. . 2,100 Street lamps .. . .. .. .. 5,200 Internal wiring.. ,. .. 1,500 Total .. .. .. " .'.£20,610 Soy ,, .. ..£80,000 Sohemo 2 would bo reduced' by £5,000 under similar conditions. ' > . . The estimated cost of working 'would, I. estimate, bo roduocd by tho followin" amounts : — ' 0 FuoL. ... ;. .. V. W3d. P'1 " ' .. , ... 0lGd. Wages .. .. .. .. i-iod. Repairs . . .. . .. o10d.: Management. ,. .. '015d. ; ' 204d. as agaiust 25d, whioh you would pay the Tramways Company for current ; or a net saving of 014d. . por , unit. This saving is liogligeable compared with tho. saving in cupitul oxpoudituro. ' ' . The jgoss result wonld he: — . («) Saving of capital expenditure, scheme A, say .. .. ., ,, £14 000 (4) Saving of working, expenses on . estimated . consumption ofu. I G4, 250 units, say . .. , . jT gg («) Saving of interest and sinking fund at GJ- por cent on £14,000, ... .. .. ...V , ,010 I have, Ac,, _ John Hxsjcetii. After this weighty discussion the council, .possibly wearied 'out with suoh-. uudno exor- tioiKiat baok'and taok skxasb.' It just, upon another year, until - a- few weeks ago in faot. Again tho death rattles of that Order-in-Couuoil admonished tho couneillora that it was full time .to bestir tliomsolvos from'their Rip van Wihk- lish somnolonoe, and thoii the manager of tho Tramwuys Oompany and Mr. Barton, the local eleotrioiun, wero invited to submit offers of installation, &o;„. to the oounoil. At> this stage the enterprising stranger appeared upon tho scene in the form of Messrs. Wright and Benson, who from tlio fur distance of London, saw tho dazzling halo of possi bilities that rested in olcctrio glory around this fair city of the southern hemisphere. Evidently they were well "in the know," for they went -ono (and soverul more, in foot) better, than either of the local pcoplementionod.' This is where tho germ of the present activity sprouted. These gontlomen per sisted that they were busy men, though nobody' over doubted tho fact; thoy must have definite reply to tboir gonorous offor ore the westering sun thut day fell over the edgo if the far distant and dappled horizon. The Mayor begged them to condescend a littlo patience, whioli was graciously grunted. Then councillors were hastily summoned from Diiu to Bobrsheba, and with commend able patriotism they yielded up their Saturday afternoon to the importunity of tho oirouin- : stances— yielded up that peaceful afternoon whioif is so dear to the municipal heart und tho bowling green. At thin meeting, however, foci; ing rati high — its "exuot height in ampere's flowing under an oleotro-disoussivo force of one .volt per hour has not been definitely ascertained — hut it was decidedly lofty. Finally, it was decided by a very big majority to refer the wholo matter to the Works Com mittee in their next meeting for report and recommendation This meeting wns timed to take place at 10 o'clock this forenoon. Noiv, it is to bo hoped that the council needs 110 admonition' hew to . not in this matter. If thoy have really dooided tliut -the city is to bo lighted- by electricity their course is perfectly plain. Tenders should bo invitod from ull parts of tho globb, und in tliiu it ay tho very best possible tormR and uvuilublo skill can be secured. Tho oounoil itself should cortuinly puuso before nisliiug nt any offer— (tho mors templing tho .more dangerous as 11 rule!) — no matter how. soductlvo. Since so much tiino has been wasted, a few more months will scarcely count iu tho big addition. It should, also, tread very care fully in' tlio matter of touching thq under taking ou its own account. Tlio municipilisa- tion of public works is not half so popular n theory as it used to be. The model municipalities in Great Britain have found oat thut if speculators must needs speculate, their councils will find plenty of employment for the speculative ' millions, upon terms satisfactory to themselves. Thoy do not believe in playing with the citizens' money.. As un instance of this, 110 bettor ease could bo cited .than the Glasgow tramways. The.Glasgow councillors wero worried by" n body of capitalists, who were' very anxious, so thoy said, to do tho .city a good turn, by building, tramwuys ull over tlio place, Suoh laudable enterprise was not to ho discouraged. So .the " Glasgio" men handed over tho streets of tho city to the enter prising gentlemen. But upon what terms? Very satisfactory terms indeed. The wholo regulations of the. tram sorvico wero grasped with a firm hand by the councillors thomaelvea us u preliminary ; tho fares, dis tances, and all such matters wore at municipal dictation. Tho company had to keep all the roadways and rolling stock to the council's satisfaction, aiid at tbo end of the lcaso granted, whioh hud a 21 yours' life, the -whole of ' the tramways, us a going concern, became tho sole property of tho .citizens of. Glasgow through their council'.' Millions huvo been made nut of this wise.vonturc, wbero had tho council itself takon tlio job on hand, a cor responding loss would 110 doubt have been m'nde. So that if thero is any truth in tile old udago verb . sn/i., und if thero is any of that said " sap " amongst Brisbane councillors, thoy will profit by the moral conveyed. Doubtless dozens of companies and privilte speculators will be found willing to undertake tlio lighting of tlio city, and if preference ouu bo given to looal people, even if u point bun to bs strained, the notion would he ouo of policy and wisdom. It is upon these ' lilies "that the system should bo introduoed, if a determination to introduce it has bcon carefully arrived ut. On any uthor lines the people of Brisbane run tho risk of having to bear, a crushing burden of debt or taxation, und will bo completely at the mercy of company jobbers and world-wide exploiters. " 