CONINGHAM DIVORCE CASE.. THE SUMMING UP. FURTHER ADJOURNED. SYDNEY, December 13 The hearing of the Coningham divo.v.e case, in which tlie Rev. Denis ir<iuci= O'Haran, private secretary to Cardina* Moran. i named as co-respondent, from, whom £5,000 is claimcd as dam^e.-, was continued to-day, before ilr. Ju=.^e Simpson and a special jury of twelve. Want appeared for the co-ressponaeiiL. He spoke for three hours and a half. He said it had been shown that one ( could not trust the word of these people. The jurv must remember what Dr. O Ha-1 ran had at stake. If he was guilty of «us most abominable chaige, occupying the po- j sifcion he did, he should be flogged to deatli •with scorpions. No grave was bad enougn for such a man to fill, no punishment would be too great. Should not justice be meted out to him? But if he were innocent, was there a man in the country more worthy of their admiration and respect? He was innocent. He asked them, therefore, to let him go out from the court wit l tneir verdict bade to the people whom he had served for a lifetime. Let him -jvitli esteem and honour go back among his owii eo-religionists, ajid be able to hold , up Ilia L headbefore the whole world, savins, have gone before a jury of my fellow-countrymen. I have been proved innocent upon mv oatb, and before my God."' , Petitioner who spoke for the three long' hours, said he had heard and he: discourse of Mr. Want, — regretted very much that his en° rt3 ' should have been misused on behalf ot such a creature bv whom he was paid to try to prove that black was white and white was no colour at all. Was it likely that Dr. O'FLaran would admit his guilt? Wum should be the punishment oi a man whose duty it was to direct those erring m the paths of virtue,'if the charges were proved. Judge of the demeanour of Dr. O Haran under cross- examinatioji. He pointed out the discrepancies in the evidence of some of the witnesses for the co-respondent. It there had been a word of blackmail in lus letters the other side would have produced them. There was not a breath of suspicion against the. respondent since her marriage except this misconduct. He had fought the case penniless against the ablest counsel on the other side, surrounded by myrmidons to do their bidding. Turning round suddenly the petitioner said—"How dare you look me in the lace. You know what you have done to my life." , The Judge spoke to the petitioner, who apologized. . . Continuing, the petitioner said—rllty thousand pounds would not have squared him. The other side had never thought that the respondent would come into court. Hi« Honor, in summing np, read the issues which the jury had to try. Tjie first was whether the parties were married on March 11, 1803, about which there had be :n no contest, so that the jury might find in favour of the petitioner on that point, lhe second issue was whether the defendant iad been guilty of misconduct with the co-respondent. As he had told them during the progress of the case, it might appear 6trange to them, but it was quite open to a Judge sitting by himself, or a jury, to believe in certain circumstances, aud according to the evidence in any particular ca-e sav that the respondent misconducted herself with the co-respondent, although they might find that the co-respondent was not guilty of misconduct with the respondent. There was no question about such a yerdict, for the simple reason that there might be evidence.in the case against respondent, but no evidence whatever against tiie carespondent. The Ibe admistion aamis.-ion that mat she sne had. naa misconducted herself, u pioved against lier .j to the satisaction of the jury, evidence against her, and Judges aud juries might find a verdict upon these admiss.ons, but the admissions of the respondent outside the court, while they were evidence against her, were no evidence whatever against the co- respondent. That was both law aud justice. If the respondent had not been called as a witness there would not have been the smallest possible tittle- of evidence against, Dr. O'Haran, because her admissions outside the court were no evidence whatever against the co-respondent. Here, however, ahe woman had given evidence which was distinct; from the admission outside, as against Dr. O'Haran, and was enritled to sucli weight as the jury thought ought, in all the circumstances, to be attached to it. A: the outset he might as well say he had never since lie had been performing t»he duties of a Judge of the Divorce Court, met with any case in which a respondent was called as witness, and had admitted her own misconduct, and had proved misconduct with the co-respondent. He was not aware of any case where such a thing had arisen. There were circumstances about the giving of the photograph which might be considered to amount to a corroboration of the petitioner's story. According !to the evidence of petitioner he found it one day in his wife's box, on May 22 or 23 this year. The photograph had upon it the initials of Dr. O'Haran. Petitioner slid he had noticed his wife's coolness towards him, and searched the box one day when she was out, and found the photograph and the small harps produced. Respondent said the photograph was given •to her one night after misconduct had occurred, but Dr. O'Haran gave an entirely different version of it. He stated that Mrs. Coningham told him she got the pho. jgi-aph at a fairy, as lie had not given her one, and she wenl to him, and asked him ,to put his initials upon it. He tbok it into a room where other people were working at the time, and wrote his initials on it. The date on the photograph, October 2, Dr. O'Haran said was the only thing which enabled him to fix the date. After he wrote the initials and the date he replaced the photograpn in the paper in which it had been wrapped and returned it. His evidence on this point was not corroborated. The value of the gift did not consist in its pecuniary value. He would na: allude to these matters any'more than to refer to Mr. Want's suggestion that the name was written aero® the iihotograph because otherwise it would be hidden when the piaftire was placed in a frame. Dr. O'Haran "had given photographs to other ladies, and there had been no suggestion of impropriety in 'their cases. Tiiey had to find the issue "Yes" or "Ho." There was no suoh thing as "Not proven." They must consider it a principle of law that the case for the petitioner must be made out to the satisfaction of tbe jury JUM withoutTeasonaWe doub^^^ I storv was clear and distinct. There was a i somewhat parallel case, Ciocci v. Ciocci.! In that ease *the wife sought a judicial separation from her husbsmd, and it was stated m support of the cjharge of, misconduct made against him that he had been seen talking to women of bad character. The husband sot up the defence that he Tras a member of the Prisoner's Aid Society, and iiad talked to •women in the course of liis duty. In that case the Judge said the presumption in favour of innocence should be acted upon if there was reasonable doubt. Without ocular proof it was impossible to be absolutely certain in ca?c-?. of th'is kind, but tlie law required that the Jury should be satisfied in their own minQB beyond reasonable doubt. Let them ask themselves in their own minds, doing justice to all parties, and not eon-! sidering one party before the other, whether they were satisfied. They had not : to search about for doubts. This was not a case in wfhich tihey could find a verdict of misconduct against Mrs. Coningham and not against Dr. O'Haran. That would be almost as serious a thing for the co- respondent as a verdict ajrainst him. Mr. Moss's action in the case was a v^rv serious step to take, and it wight have a serious effect upon the minds or" the jury. He found no fault with Mr. Moss, and only referred to it because one witness had stated that he saw Coningham froing to Mr. Moss's office. What Mr. Want said was also perfectly true. No power could compel Mrs. Coningham to give evidence of her misconduct. There was no aitemot on her Dart to take ad- vantag-es of her privilege. She came as a voluntary, willing witness. She had had a coDsultation with a barrister having a large practice in the c'sirt, and she had nc,t seen lit lo be represented at the trial. There had in this c;i=e been no defence 01 condonation. As the petitioner had said, that had nothing to do with the question of misconduct; in fact, there must be aL offence before it could be condoned. Condonation , did not obliterate the offence, J . , , . , , , but in the law it had a serious bearing on case. If Mrs. Coningham had set up a r " 1 f ' nr " ,n " Ht,mi f vpn ,f tl,e lssue proved condonation, even ' if the issue had been proved aginst the fo-respenaent, the petitioner could not have got one penny damages, and he (ilis Honor) would have had to dismiss the petition a^ against Dr. 0'H.aran. The defence was a denial and a countercharge of conspiracy. j.lie only way in which condonation , came in was as to how it aft , , - - a V° u i°" '"V* 1 " fected the question whether these two people were working together. In all the arcumstances if they believed Mrs. Coningham they must find a verdict in favour of the petitioner no matter how it affected Dr. O'Haran. The consequences were almost as serious as if the co-respondent were on trial for his life. Charges of blackmailing : had often been made, but that wa^ no reatrine of absolution bad beenbioughtinto the 1 case. It had been stated that a man might ] be guiltv of misconduct on a Monday, go to the confession aftd get absolution, and ; then come to the witness box and say he had not been guilty of misconduct. Dr. ! O'Haran said tlere wag no misconduct. Pather Creegan, who brought his own Bible. to be sworn, said it was not the teaching of the church that a man could get absolution and be considered as not having committed any sin. He (His Honor) always (bought it was the doctrine of the Church of Rome, and, indeed, of the Christian religion, that if a sin was forgiven that then it was wiped out. One of tlie priests had said that absolution was "I absolve thee from thy sins in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." There was some difference, as he understood it, between the explanations given by Father Creegan and Dr. 0'Haran, at any rate in the first part of the laeter's evidence. He quoted from the evidence to show the doctrine of the Church of Rome on this point, and asked the jury if it was not the doctrine of the Christian religion and oi the Scriptures. Did it follow from that that every Roman Catholic was going to come into the witness box and tell lies? H had , had 1{x)man Catholic servants, and his experience was that when they were good Catholics they were honest, reliable, and truthful. If tie jury believed the evidence of Mrs. A lock, -Miss Johnston, Miss Hollingdale, and Father Byrne, then the story related by Mrs. Coningham as to tne occurrences of June 29 could not be true. The petitioner said these people had put their heads together to get their priest out of it. The evidence of Father Byrne was clear, and was very important. His Honor. then dealt generally with the case, and said the dates March 17 and June 29 had an important bearing on the truth Or otherwise of respondent's evidence. She had not asked to correct her evidence on these points, but maintained that her story was true. He did not think the fact of the respondent having had a misfortune in her early life affected her credibility. His Honor did not formally close his summing up before the court adjourned at a quar.er to 7. ? 