;i|ME. . . — ♦ ? (BY E. PHILLIPiS OPPBNHBDl.) . s (Author of 'Mysterious Mr. Sablh.' * As a Man lives,' 4iA Daughter of the Marionis,' etc) -, CHAPTER' n.-fContirined.r 1 After a while lie sat up, lit a: pipe, and tore open the envelope of his letter. The moon light was just strong enough to enable him fo decipher it slowly. '18 Marlowe Court, Strand, 'London, W.C., . * 'Aueust 17th. - 'Dear Sir — 'After considerable#tr-Juble and some ex pense, we. have become acquainted with some further details concerning the man, Maurice Huntly, who visited you. at Denton on the first of -last month. We find that his real name is Harriot, and that seven years ago a warrant was issued lor his arrest on a : charge of-forgery. The warrant 'was-never executed, as he fled the country* but, on his recent 'visit to England, the police obtained some clue to his identity, and were. .on. his track.. It was .to escape from them,, and not to avoid completing his disclosures to you, that he quitted England so abruptly.. We trust that this will enable you to come across huji in the States, as he certainly has no ob ject in keeping out of your way. We be lieve that he took another name in New York, ; bat that you wiH doubtless hare ascertained for yourself. Our information further goes to show that he wa§ the son of a clergyman, and - started life with 'every advantage. Should anything further transpire we will let you know. In the meantime, we remain, 'Your obedient Servants, i 'Mason and Williams. | 'P.S.— It is never our desire to extract from our clients an unwilling confidence, but at the same time, we cannot refrain from submitting to you that we should be in a far better position to work on your behalf, if we possessed some information as to the nature of the disclosures 'so important to yourself, referred to by the man Marriot during his brief visit to you at Denton.' He read it through twice, and remained for some time afterwards deep in thought. Then, with an effort to conquer his restlessness, he lay down, pulled a rug over him, and tried to sleep. ' Through half -closed eyes he watched the fireflies gleaming in the valley below, and listened to the faint, lulling music fipom the pine forest away overhead. Grad ually he grew drowsy. He was almost doz ing, when a sound close at hand disturbed him. The door of the shanty was softly ? opened, and Myra came out. i She walked noiselessly towards him', with bare feet, and wrapped in the long white garment which he had given her, and which certainly had never seemed destined to fall into such graceful folds around so dainty a form. He caught one glimpse of her dusky face, strangely soft in the waning moonlight, the lips a litlte parted in a faint smile, and the deep, glowing eyes full of a wonderful liquid fire; and he realised as lie had never done before the wild, strange beauty of the girl who was stealing like' a ghost to his side. Then he closed his eyes and breathed heavily. She stooped down till her warm breath fell upon his bronzed, sunburnt cheek. Then, seeing that he made no movement, she gave a wistful little sigh, and kissed him so ligtly that her lips seemed scarcely to brush his. Still he did not move, or give any sign of . wafcefulness. Presently he felt her sink down by his side, and her head drooped upon his shoulder. In a few moments she was asleep As soon as he was sure of it, he threw the rug over her, and rising softly, walked away in the darkness. CHAPTER III.— A WESTEPvN LOVE. By six o'clock in the morning a bright sun, mounting into a sky of dazzling clearness, began to make its power felt. An hour later ; the Englishman, who had been- working on his claim since the first grey streaks of dawn, took off his clothes and plunged into' a deep pool of the river. Emerging, he dried himself leisurely, dressed, and scrambled up the gorge side to the small platform of green turf on which he had built his cabin. , His guest was at the door in her cowboy's clothes, patched and mended up. She wel comed him with a little cry of delight, and then a swift, deep blush, as she saw his lips parit with amusement. ! 'That's real mean!' she declared. 'It's bad enough to have to wear such things, without being laughed at I shall go and put on my gown!' He laughed outright, pushing her before him irito the cabin, and glancing apprehen sively down into the valley, and across to the opposite shanty. There was no one in sight. 'You won't do anything of the sort, if you please,' he said decidedly.' 'You look very well as you are. Come and let's get some breakfast. I'm starving.' 'It's ready and waiting — all that I can find. Bryan, this is the most elegant place in the world. I never saw anything half so j beautiful.' ? ' j He turned round and stood by her side in ^ the doorway, looking across the valley to ' where a dim blue haze shrouded the distant ' mountain-tops. In the pure, fine air all ; colors seemed intensified — the green of the j alder and hazel-trees rising sharp and clear against the sky, and the deeper shade of the broad belt of pine-trees which fringed the mountain's side; a great flowering cactus with bright scarlet blossoms drooped over the precipice below, and the rocks and busli nes were starred with flowers of strange and ? ^brilliant : colors growing out of every crack and in every .corner. ' The dry morning air was sweet, too, with the. perfume of many herbs and flowers, and far down in the valley the sun- smitten river gleamed like a bed of silver. The girl, to whom nature in such a guise as this was a revelation, stood there with bright, thoughtful eyes, and the languid morning breeze stealing through her dark wavy hair,7 no longer coiled up and concealed. .She was feeling the touch of a new power in the world, a new sensation. Hereafter she sometimes associated a new phase of life into which she was to pass with this morn ing. : 'I like this!' she said softly. 'It's better than the city. I'd like to live here always!' The Englishman frowned. 'You'd be tired of it in a week, Myra. No shops, no theatres, no drives in the park! I .doubt whether you'd stand it for a week. Come along, and lefs see what you've made of breakfast.' The girl turned away -with a sigh, and fol lowed him into the shanty. .'I've found some tea,' she said, 'and some baeon-^I -cooked that. The stove don't go very well; guess it wants cleaning.' 'That's all right Things look real tidy i for once. Sit down and let us have some, breakfast Afterwards I want to talk to 'you.' . '. ..' . ? ,,. ???-. . ??''' . . ??' ' ??. ' ?: She obeyed him in -silence. Her cheeks 'h&d; suddenly grown pale again, She- iate but little, watching her companion most of the time: What was ie going to do with lier? Would Jie send her back after all— raw-ay; from him, and back to t£e life she hated with a great' soul-shuddering hate? Oh, he would not - be bo cruel as that; surely he would not! Go back to/that great hideous city, with Its garishness and glitter, Its cheap vice and all its brazen show of falseness land iiiiquitrl.Shg, bad drifted there on tae broad bosom of an ru^in(i.fate;aiiEaW^fiicKBiffiSifld surejy ; ' have marked, lter;;put ^ ,f o]rj .better things. Vice liad n&. ^urem*e!rts-?f or ircr. The ^pleasures of the demi-mdnde^ .the ;cheajp theatre and the tawdryVda|icfeg'S.aloenJ^were^ flavorless to*her. She thought of them now as fehe gazed out at %ie ^ldfldus tiliie %§£ and the panorama of bold and magnificent scenery, (with a shudder -wniqh : came from he? very' soul. The sweet scented breeze which swept in through tltie w open 'doorway, tasted to her jaded senses like £he elixir of life. A passionate disgust .of cities and all their ways leaped up witMn'ner. From that moment the life of tfie past had become im possible to her. She had been born one of nature's children outside the ten ;;of -cities, almost of civilisation, and it was but. the re turn to an oia allegiance'.^* z1 The Englishman- had -finisned Ws 'break- fasCeaimiy unconscious 1-£ all thatwaS pass ing through the mind of -Ms companion: He lit a pipe, dragged the form into the sunshine, and motioned her to sit at the other end of it. .. ? 'Myra,' he said gently, after a few mo ments'' meditative silence, 'You've' done me a real good turn. You've shown uncommon grit, and you've accomplished a thing which a good many men wouldn't have cared about I haven't said much:, about il;:l was so sur prised to see you last nigtyt that you might have thought I wasn't grateful. But I am. I want to show it, if I can. I want to repay you so far as a man is able to repay a ser vice of that sort: and so——' 'I want no repayment— only to stop, right here,' she interrupted breathlessly. 'I should be perfectly happy. I could look after things and cook for you, and keep the place clean, and— oh, Bryan, for God's «ake, let nie stop! You -were fond of me once — any- way you used to tell me so. Don't drive me away! I don?t care how you treat me. I will be your slave if you like— nothing more. Only don't send me back! Let me stay, Bryan! Do let me stay!' She had slipped from the form on to the ground, and was kneeling at his feet, her eyes bright with tears, and the color coming and going in her cheeks. She even ventured to lay her arms imploringly on his shoulders, and turn them round his neck. The English man gently unwound her fingers, retaining possession of one of her hands. He looked down into her flushed face with a troubled shade in his own. 'Myra, it wouldn't do,' he said kindly. 'You'll think me a brute, of course. Dare say I am. But I want you to leave here with the'expressman, the day after to-morrow, and go right back t6 San Francisco. I can't keep you here, little woman, if I wanted to; and if I could, I wouldn't, so there!' Her bosom heaved. She drew herself right away from him, and stood leaning ! against the wall, with a crimson color in her cheeks and her eyes afire. 'You— you don't care for me any more, then? It was true, what I feared! You canie liere to get ' rid of' me. You were tired,;you wanted to escape.' 'Steady, Mjua. You know that's not right. I came here for two reasons. First, to make' money. Secondly, because I was satisfied that the man whom I had come from England to find, was not in San Fran cisco.' I had no trace of him, nothing to go by. I thought to myself that if he was the restless sort of chap everyone made him out ! to be, he would most likely be off on the gold | fever, like the rest of them. That's why I came, Myra. It's all very well for me, here. I'm a rough sort of chap, and I can find my level anywhere, but it's not the place for a woman.' 'Any place is good enough for such as I!' she cried passionately. 'It's only an excuse; you want to getrid of me. You do! And I have come all this way just to see you, just to bring you that letter. Just to be with you! Oh, I hate myself! I hate you! I wish I were dead!' Her eyes strayed to the revolver which lay upon the table. She made a quick movement towards it, but he caught her wrist and held it firmly. 'That'll do, Myra,' he said firmly. 'Just listen to'mer If I am brutal it is your own fault— so here goes. . You came to me of your own free will— ay, of your own accord. Is it not so? I met you in Jose's cafe at San Francisco, whilst I was idling about waiting for — you know what. Well,_ you came and kept house with me for a month or two. I was not the first. You told me so yourself. The thing was common enough. I never made you any promises. I never gave you to understand that' it would be likely to last When I fieard that the man for whom I was lying in wait had 'left the city, I gave you notice that I was off. Well,7 you were 'sorry, and I was sorry. I shared up all that I had in the. world, and I left you. I may have made you some sort of promise about coming back again, but never as a permanency, you understand. I'm as fond of you now as ever as I , was-fonder, if anything, after what you've done for me-^-but you must take this little affair with me as you took the others— see? Now Fve made you feel badly. I'm sorry, but I'd got to do it.' The changing shades in the girl's counte nance had been a study for which many an Eastern painter would willingly have bar tered every model in his studio! At first her dusky face had darkened, and her eyes had blazed with all the wild free fury of a wo man whose vanity, or love, or both, are deep ly wounded. But as he went on, as the whole bitter meaning of his words, winged with a kindness which seemed to her like the poison on the arrow's tip, sank into her understanding, the anger seemed to die away. When be had finished she was crouched upon the ground with her back to him. She did not answer him or address him in any way; only he knew that she was sobbing her heart out; and, being by no means a stone, he began to relent. (To be. continued.) 