CHBISTIAN ENDEAVOUB. Dr. Fordyeo on Bevealed Mysteries. " After their remarkably successful meetings last week, culminating in the Good Citizen ship meeting on Saturday night, the Christina Endeavourers are carrying on their nnnuitl convention in a. spirited fashion. .Yester day afternoon Mrs,, S. Sharp con- ducted a praise- service at the Y.M.C.A. Hall, nndf ' a' discourse, was given by the Rev. Dr. J. Fordyeo, M. A„ on Bible . Study. : The speaker devoted his time to expounding- certain .phases of Scriptural study rather than to preaching. I-Io said that when the Holy Spirit entci-cd Into any human heart there were Infinite , possibilities fof growth. Ho explained how St. Paul had adapted lilmBolf to Ills hearers — to the "natu ral man" at Corinth," and' t'o the "spiritual man " when addi-OBSlrig the Christians. To the latter he gave- a spiritual lesson, wlilcli they understood. - In Epliesluns, Chnpter I„ verse 9: "Having made known unto its the mystery of Ills will," &c.;, the "mystery" wan the revelation of God In Jesus Christ. In verse 4 they would find, "Whereby when ye read, ye may understand my knowledge In tho mystery of Christ." . The "mystery" there was the union of the.Jow and Gentile at tho Cross of Jesus. With .Christ there wits no Jew or Gentile, neither bond nor free, but all were one with Him. That, was whilt St. Paul called the mystery; it evidently filled hint, a . Jew, with unceasing wonder that the Gentile wus to be considered as a brother. In one sense a mystery was something a man could never know, but the mysteries of the Gospel were revealed secrets. In llevelallonB, chapter 1, verse 20, tlicy read: "Tito mystery of -the seven stars which thou sawest In My right hand, and the seven golden candle sticks. The seven stnrs ure the nngels of tho seven churches, and the seven ciimllostickH which ithou sawest are the seven churches." A "mystery" was something revealed to man by the Holy Spirit as part of. the great truth of the Redemption. The very strongest men who had lived, suffered, and died had felt themselves as children In relation 'to the ma jestic wisdom of the Mystery of Redemption. I-Ie urged his hearers to read attentively tho various epistles. He spoke 'of the deep mystery of salvation, the relation of the Boul to God, tho fellowship of tho Redeemer, .nnd the redeemed; eye never saw tliem, ear never heard them, never brfot-o. Christ hail thoy en tered Into the hearts of men; itliey culminated in a 'life eallod a Heavenly one, and wet-:' mysteries revealed lo mail that he might be strong to live lor God. Dr. Porter offered n short prayer, anil the meeting, which numbered ' some hundreds, proceeded to discuss committee affairs'. At half-past 5 o'clock a 'tea nnd conference for country delegates only wus opened at the Town IIull. This was followed by a choral service and public mooting at the Pitt- street Congregational Church. The meeting at night was presided over by the Rev. Joseph Woodliouse. The Rev. E. Crazier spoke upon ."Christian '.Endeavour; Increasing Its power; young pcoplo saved to serve." He urged diligent study of the word of God, Increased personal dealings with the individual, anil the resolution of each Endeu- vourer to seek to win at- least one soul for God In the Intervals between the annual con ventions. The Rev. . "W. M. Dlll-Macky spolco upon "Extending spiritual .unity." He was him self a strong Preshyterlnn; but, however the denominations might differ on minor points, they were agreed upon .the great fundamental principle of the Atonement;, or. In other wm-rtd, on the. doctrine of Justification by faith. They believed In the 39 Articles, salvation by grace, and the sovereignty of'God. . Tlio'efCort of the last, hulf-century to bring nbout a unity of spirit was amongst the, suhllmcst movements of modern times.. He claimed that Christian' Endeavour had done more than any oilier movement to bring the 'various denominations Into line. In conclusion,; ho said,. "Christian Endeavourers, by your unity, by your enai-Ity, by your Catholicity of spirit, refute nny lying calumny hurled ngnlns't the Church of God, and show yourselves all that Christ would have you be." . The Rev. P. J. Slephon gave an Inspiring address upon "Aldlhg Christian Endenvnur aggression In Christianising society." Tlielr movement, ho snld, was a school for charac ter. It aimed to develop a mnnly soul in man anil a womanly soul In woman. Tho power behind the formation of mnnly character was the Holy Ghost. Ho gave them the motto, "Organise, educate, agitato.". < Devotional meetings were held to-day, nnd to-night a consecration meeting Is announced for the Sydney Town Hall. 