BY: RIGHT OF LOVE. chapter x. (continued). 'I — love you — dear — love forgives : — everything. Kiss me — wifo ! ' Mona's lips rested tenderly on his, and before she raised her head his last whisper reached her ear — 'Tell— Beaudesert — to make — you happy ! ' He said no more after that; but his oyes opened wide and met hers, and he smiled slightly from time to time. Dr. Derring crept softly to the bed and laid his fingers on tho pulsa of the hand Mona held. Ten minutes passed ; then — ' 'It is all over. Shall I close his 'eyes, or will you, Mrs. Hanlan?' 'She has fainted.' It was Beaudesert who spoke. He 'had entered the room some minutes before; and taken up his stand near the door out of the dying uian's :sight;';;.:-; ?'' ' '?'/'' - ' Audit' was Beaudesert who re verently closed Tony Hanlan'a dead eyes.'1; .'' ' ' ; ' . ' Theii he turned1 and took Mona in his arms. ? 'I will carry her to her room, Derring; she must not remain here. , She has had two terrible shocks within the lust six-and-thirty hours ; we shall need to take great care of her.' In his heart he added :' For she is mine— my very own — he gave her to ? mo with his last words. She is tho most precious thing life holds for me, and I will guard her with my life.' CHAPTER XI. Lady Darkhaven was not told the \- details of all that had taken place in the castle ; but she could not very well be left in ignorance of the fact that Mr. Hahlan had died in the pos tern tower, or that his young widow lay ill with a threatened attack of brain fever in her own room in the more central part of the building. And had Lady Darkhaven and Zebra, or Serge himself, had any idea of the story Mona Hanlan had been so anxious to tell, they would have realized how serious to themselves this untoward attack of brain-fever was likely to prove. To be sure, Beaudesert knew that Mona wanted to tell him something ; but he thought it might possibly be the same story ho had to tell concern ing her husband's adventures in the pursuit of the man who had robbed him. ,:'.:, ; ... , ??.?' : ? Zebra was too unhappy to trouble much about auybody else's business. She began to think, all too late, that her romantic fancy for the convict she had helped to escape was nothing more than a girl's foolish infatuation for a man .who appears to her interest and sympathy, as well as to her eyes. Her cousin Jose was certainly hand some, and not without some of the in ? stincts of a gentleman. But he was a Calzado, out and out, which meant that he was unscrupulous in anything concerning common honesty. He could be chivalrous to man and woman ; he was brave to foolhardi ness ; he was capable of great gener osity.; and last, but not least, he was a true lover, and meant to be a faithful and kind husband to the girl who had won his heart. But Zebra had become conscious that she needed something more than this in the man with/whom she would spend the rest of her life. ?' The Beauderert blood in her was asserting itself. . ?:?]?.;?? ?'. : .: : She had not dreamed of its existence — as a possible factor in her future — as long as she lived the life her mother had preferred. It was the sudden change that had made her rebellious , to her grand mother's wishes, and careless of her uncle's commands. Had they realized the wisdom of allowing her to run wild for a time at Darkhaven, she would probably not have proved so intractable. But they did the next wisest thing. They engaged Mona Hanlan to he Zebra's1 so-called companion and chaperon. As a matter of fact, Mona had been more of a companion to the countess than to her grandaughter, and of a chaperon Zebra would have none. .But Mona was essentially a lady, and the untrained Spanish girl (she was more Spanish than English up to that date) immediately felt the differ ence between them, and chafed in her haughtyyoungsonlatapaidcoinpanion should be a truer gentlewoman than she herself was. The contrast between them ate into her, and quickly began its' work of transforming '.her character and opin ions. J,- f ::/?.'. ?:?;..:,?.' Well for her would it have been if that most desirable change had been allowed to go on without check. But Jos6 Calzado had entered her life, and' bad to bo reckoned with as a lover, and future husband. In a reckless mood she : promised to go on board the Santa Eulalia, and become, his wife at the first oppor tunity.' ?' ' ' ; But when the hour.'cnme she shrunk from keeping her appointment with the men her lover had sent to fetch her. . . '' ?''??''?'?.??_- ????.?????? When she learned that Mona had ?been carried .oil' instead of herself, a perhapsaiatural, but utterly unreason ing, jealousy took possession of her. She^chb'setd imagine that it had not been a'inisfiiUe, that Josd had trans ferred 'h'is^! affections to Mona ; and her old' love for him flamed up fiercely agaiiii' ' :'! ; ButHhis state of mind did not last any length of time. It was succeeded by an exultan consciousness that, after carrying oft' another woman* he could not expect her to keep to her promise of being his wife ; and, in this encouraging consciousness, she had gone her way all day, until Emilio sought her out, and told her that, after the previous night's bungling Jos6 did not mean to trust to deputies any longer, but was coming for her himself. His note had hinted as much, so Zebra was not altogether taken by surprise. Jose entered the castle with Emilio and his mother, and Zebra could not refuse to see him. Confident of her faithfulness, he opened their interview by telling the story which she later passed on to Beaudesert. Then he bade her be ready to ac company him when the others had finished their midnight business, con cerning tho nature of which he ex pressed himself as being in complete ignorance. When Zebra told him she had changed her mind, he was at first in credulous, then angry, and then threatening ; departing, finally, with the assurance that she had not seen the last of him by any means. She had promised^that she would bo his wife, and ho swore by all he held most holy that she should keep her promise. This assurance weigbtd on her mind, interfering with her sleep for tho rest of the night, and walking with her as a skeleton throughout the following fln.v. She was puzzled, too, at the change in herself. Why should she feel so different ? Why should the Zebra Beaudesert of to-day be another person to the Zebra Beaudesert of three short months ago ? Emilio had not changed — except that he seemed wilder and more law less than he had ever been before. She did not feel the same attach ment for him either ; but she explained this, to her own satisfaction, by the change which had taken place in her self. And another thing that puzzled her was the secret consciousness that, underlying all her new moods and whims'— as she called them— such love as she had for her cousin was still smouldering. She shrank from him as a criminal ; she melted to him as a man. Had he declared his intention of breaking with the old life, she would not have hesitated to go with him. But it was clear that no such change was contemplated by him. Yet enough of the Calzado spirit re mained in her to make her admire him for not consenting to give her ?flip when she hinted that freedom would be desirable. ? In fact, this curious feminine mix ture of Beaudesert and Calzado — of gentlewoman and Gipsy — was in a peculiariy malleable frame of mind during the hours of that day of Tony Haulan's death and his widow's threatened illness. It was unfortunate for Zebra that Mona's influence was moved at that critical period of her life, and that Beaudesert was too concerned about the woman he loved to take notice of anything or anyone else. Late in the afternoon, the storm which had been gathering since early morning, broke with groat violence. Thunder, lightning, hail and wind combined drove Zebra back to the castle in spite of her desire to linger on the common, where an incident had occurred which rendered her vaguely anxious 'on Jose's account, and which served to weigh down the scale of her varying moods yet once more on the side of her desperate cousin. As she stood near the shed where she had made' that memorable change of garments with the latter, a man sauntered past, his hands in his pockets, his pipo'in his mouth — to all appearances the picture of leisure and indifference. But the glance he shot at Zebra had nothing indifferent about it. She saw that easily enough, He recognised her as quickly as she recognized him. For a moment her heart seemed to cease beating, and tho colour receded from her cheeks. But she did not loose her presence of mind for so much as an instant. He stopped at once, and touched his hat, removing the pipe from his mouth. ' Beg pardon, Miss ; but you didn't happen to have seen any more con victs wandering round about the neighbourhood, I suppose ? ' he said significantly. ' Convicts ?' she replied, with cleverly assumed surprise ; then break ing into a little laugh, she added, 'Oh! I remember you now. You are one of the men who tried to make' out that I was an escaped convict. Did you catch that poor fellow ? I hope not.' ,..?? :r ,;,,;.;,,,: He looked keenly at her as he drily answered— 'No; we did not catch him. Ho wasn't seen anywhere near the De mon's Pool, where, you may remem ber, miss, you directed us to look for him.' But Zebra was not in the remotest degree disconcerted byeither his words or his manner. She was far to clover an' actress to betray tho slightest clue to tho know-', ledge she possessed of Jose where abouts. 'You don'f, mean that you think he fell in and was drowned .?' she' qx claimed. in a stnrtled voice, ???.? ' I don't think he went anywhere near enough to bo in danger of losing his precious life that why,' replied the man. ?? He's still alive, I haven't a doubt, and did hear that he'd been seen leaving the castle late last night. That was what made mo take the liberty of speaking to you on the subject.' Words and tone were both sus picious. . Z6bra, saw that tho man knew a great deal more than ho was likely to admit, even if she dared question him. It would not be safe to do so, she de cided ; so she shook her head care lessly as she laughed again, saying — ' I begin to think myself that the castlo is haunted. One hears all sorts of mysterious sounds at night ; but the ghosts don't take visible form and shape, not even that of escaped con victs.' She walked away then, leaving the man looking after her with increased suspicion in his eyes, (To be continued). 