ST. MARY'S. DEDICATION FESTIVAL. A STATELY CEREMONIAL. UNIQUE GATHERING OE CHURCH DIGNITARIES. THREE GOVERNORS PRESENT. Owing to tho peculiar circumstances of its Wa tery, -tho Roman Catholic Cathedral of St. Mary has formed tho subject of many imprceslvo core- , monies, but for solemn and stately grandeur nono of thoso pa©t celebrations were to bo com pared with tho ceremonial in connoction with tho opening yesterday. Perhaps never before in Aus tralia has such an ecclesiastical spectaclo been preseuted. Nominally, tho eorvico was in dedication of tho Cathedral, but, as a matter of fact, that solemn ceremony had been performed on the provious morning, immediately boforo High Mass, by his EmJnonco the Cardinal, who blessed tho building In tho presence of all the visiting prelates and priests, and a largo congrogatiou. It wao ibo third day of tho Triduum. Long beforo tlio service began tho Cathedral was filled.. The seats in tho nave had been re served at £1 each; other seats, unreserved, were charged for at 10© and 5© each, according to their position. In CoUegoGtrcet, oppooito the entrance, so largo a crowd of sightseers had collected that it was only with difficulty that tho posse of police cu duty managed to keep a carriage-way clear. At a few minutes to 11 o'clock the great ecclesi astical procession, beaded by the Cardinal, emerg ed from tho presbytery, and inarched to the sanc tuary, where thoy wcro seated. In the proces sion wero tho eight knights of the Church — Messrs. John I-Iughcs, T. Dalton, J. T. Toohey, T. M. .Slattery, Ms.L.C., Dr. Donovan, Mr. James Dalton, Dr. A. L. Keuiiy (Melbourne), and Mr. Coghlan (Dallarat)— end over 1200 priests in full robes. At 11 o'clock the Cardinal, attended by tlie knights, loft tho sanctuary to receive tho guber natorial party, which included their Excellencies Lord Eeauchump and Lord Lamington (Governor of Queensland) aud the Hon. It. Lo Hunte (Lieu tenant-Governor of New Guinea), with their re spective suites, and all in uniform. Attended by tlio Cardinal tho three Governors proceeded to the sanctuary, and were seated in tho epistlo side. Amongst those seated in tho nave were the Chief Justieo (Sir P. M. Darley), Mr. F. I). SutUr, M.L.C. (Vice-President Executive Council). Mr. John See, M.P. (Colonial Secretary). Mr. E. "NY. O'Sullivan, M.P. (Minister for Works), represent ing tho Government; Mr. G. H. Reid, J. Anhton, J. Spruson, D. O'Connor, Ms. P., Mr. Crltcliett Walkei% Messrs. Fehon and Kirkcaldio (Railway Commissioners), Major-General French and staff, Colonc-l Lassettor, Colonel Waddoll, the Consuls for Denmark and Spain, and Mr. "XV. Gray, M.L.C. (representing tho Government of Queensland). The celebrant of tlio Mass was Dr. Dwycr, Co adjutor Bishop of Maitland, will Monsignor O'Brien as assistant priest, tho Rev. James Han- raban as Tleacon, and Rev. Joseph Daries as sub- deacon. The Rev. J. O'Grady was master of cere monies. The Cardinal presided at tho throne, and was attondod by Dean Healy, of Balmain, and Dean O'Connor,- of Armidalc. The prelates seated in llie sanctuary wero the Archbishops of Melbourne, Wellington (N.Z.), and Adelaide, Bishops of Maitland, Bathurst, Goul- burn, Wllcannin, Ballarat, Christchurch, Rock- hnrapton, and tho Co- adjutor Bishop of Sand hurst. THE MTJSIC. In. the Catholic Church, more than in other reli- , glous communion, the association of Art with Religion is a common ground for agreement. In the province of music the Church is especially so. Tho growth of artistic music began with the mediaeval Church counterpoint, which was the work of monks, bent upon producing an effeetivo liturgy. The early polyphonic compositions were all intended for voices, and their most elaborate development was in the Catholic mass. Some of the more notable of these early works, Mr. J. A. Delany, who is the musical director at St. Mary's Cathedral, has from time to time presented. In deed, to a greater, extent than is generally known, St, Mary's Cathedral affords tho student who delves into this period much practical knowledge. Alike in the Plain song or the venerable liymus of the Church, or in tho very high-class composi tions sung at the "Grand Messo," the Cathedral choir are familiar. In much that is sung there is an indescribable charm of unworldly beauty duo to the serenity of the emotional atmosphere of this music, which thrills tlio soui of the listener, and haunts his memory after ho has left the Cathedral. Probably no music more befitting yesterday's imposing ceremonial could have been selected , than Mozart's Twelfth Mass, full of exquisite melody, symmetrical in form, so often brilliant in detail, yet removed above and beyond mere secu- ; lar associations. Tho choir, whose great charac- ' terlstic was power, energy, and heartiness, uum- \ bored some 200 voices, the ordinary choir being ; augmented by representatives from every city and suburban church of the communion. Under I the baton of Mr. Delany tho choir displayed a , good tone, careful observance of "les nuances," : and generally attained a high and impressive ; standard throughout tho work. In this excellent result an orchestra of 24 string# and wood-wind, j led by Mr. S. White, co-opcrated, and Mr. Harry i . Dawkins showed himself thoroughly capable in the organ accompaniment, giving also an admir- t able rendering of Batiste's Offertoire in D minor , as his opening voluntary. It should be stated that Mr. Dawlcins supplied at short notice the place of Mr. Fred Croft, one of the most popular of the Church's organists, and for whom much sympathy ie widely expressed for the painful and ; serious illness that has overtaken him. i x Tho beautiful Kyrie, the opening theme of which has found a place in the hymu-book of so 1 many churches, was exquisitely sung. For soft, ! ethereal effects the choir is very happily placed, j On this account; the oubducd entry of tho basses and, in turn, of tho tenors, sopranos, and con traltos, had a peculiar and devotional emphasis re- ; talued throughout tho Kyrie, and Imparted to the Qui.Tollis, wherein the strings proved very help ful. Tho soloists in the Qui Tollis were Miss Mario Stafford, Mr. Thompson Brown, and Mr. W. O. Halloran. The preceding Gloria was brightly and insplringly rendered, though it was deliciont in the solidity of tone that so finely characterised the unaccompanied "O Sacrum Convivium" of Farrent's that preceded the -sermon. The exult ant strains of the Quoniam were allotted to Miss Millie "Wynn, Miss Kate Rooney (both of whom Bang with distinction), Mr. Richards, and Mr. Clancy. The Cum Sancto Spiritu, that wonder ful fugal chorus, was exceptionally clear. Tho entries wero confidently attacked, the climax im posingly readied, and tho syncopated passage© were delivered with ftno effect. Neither tho Credo nor Et IUQa.rna.tu0 (in which Mr. F. R. Wood- house isnng the tenor solo) calls for special notice. Et Resurrexit was sung with magnificent vigor, and tho nuances well observed in the portions calling for lighter treatment. Tho remaining numbers of the favorite Mass — Sanclus, Bene- dlotus (abbreviated), Agnus Dei, and Dona Nobis — wore uniformly excellent, and went with a pre cision that betokened many painstaking re hearsals. For tlio Offertory, Miss Kate Rooney eaug with tender expression the Bach-Gounod "Avo Maria." Miss Lillio Delany played tho violin obbhgato. The remaining music com prised Mr. Dclauy's "Triduum" march, played on tho organ by tho composer, and tho Halle lujah Chorus from "Tho Messiah," sung at tho close of Dedication Service. At Pontifical Ves per©, 'the soloists were Misses Nora Devitt, Fanny Bauer, Mr. D. Clancy, Mr. F. R. AVoodbouee, and Mrs. Tierney, who sang the new composition of Mr. Delauy'fi. "O Salutaris Ilostia." THE S-EU'MON. The preacher was the Archbishop of Welling ton (N.Z.), Dr. Redwood, who, it is interesting to note, also preached the sermon at the opening ceremony of the present cathedral in 3882. Ho ©elected as his text St. Luke, i., ,12-3, VHe shall reign in the houso of Jacob for ever, and of His kingdom there shall bo no eud." lie ©aid that they wcro assembled in thousands to inaugurato a great event — great in tho momorirs of the past, i. great in bright hopes of tho future — ihe first Aus tralasian Catholic Congress. For many years, and under three successive Archbishops, conspi cuous in their zeal, ability, and kuccoss, tho Catholics of Sydney, emulating the piety of their forefathers In those ages of faith which created the noblest religious edifices, grey with memor able ago, In tlie old world, set themselves the noble task of perpetuating In this fair Austral land the glorious traditions of tho past. The beautiful cathedral, so' rich in every architectural grace 'and detail, the envy of the eyes that will seo it In its finished magnlflconco, was their gift to the Almighty, worthy of their traditional faith and devotion; and its second solemn opening that - day was felicitously coincident with tho first Catholic Congress celebrated under Ibo Southern Cross. As at the first opening of the noble pile 18 years ago, lie took as his themo the divinity of Christ. Considering Christ in His f social aspects, and exhibiting, as proof of His divinity, tho supernatural and divine society which He bad created in the bosom of mankind — the religious society, the Church, act up as a spiri tual kingdom to last for ever, in which He would reign supreme as Prophet, Priest, and King, oven to the consummation of the world. Looking closely at tlio visible Church of Christ they found that it was not an absolutely novel work, with out - root in the past, but that it had a long preparation analogous to the preparation of tho terrestrial globe. As geological stratifications disclosed the slow and rising progress of lifo towards Imperial man, so In tho historic classification in regard to Christ they beheld human generations over advancing in the growing light of Divine revolation, and tho old Church announcing injnany wayu tho appari tion of tho now. Already in tho old Church tho virtue of Redemption was applied by anticipation. It accordingly bad been justly said that "tho beginning of all things Is the Catholic Church." That mysterious Church spread among tho Gentiles took a corporato shapo and determinate ! form in tho Judaic institutions. But — as St. ! Thomas Aquinas remarked — all those things wero ' imperfect, preceding and preparing tho perfect. Tho old Church was conscious of her imperfec tions, and whilo prefiguring the new Church by her constitution, also announced her by the many splendid prophechxs to be everywhere found In ; tho Old Testament. Thus tho old Church, ex- j peeling the now, was no stranger to the work of , Christ. Slio was an assemblage of sacred ole- j ments, which Ho transformed by imparting lo them a greater perfection of the truth mado clearer and enriched with new revelations: per fection of tho law impelling to sublimo virtues; perfection of tho Sacraments which, from indi cative signo, became operative signs multiplying I graco In their action; perfection of the priesthood j marked with a more godly character, Jn- , vested with nobler functions, permeated with broader and stronger authority, and endowed : with immortal life; perfection of expansion, cross- ! ing tho limits of one nation lo include tho whole j world; porfcction of duration, passing from a do- | ; terminate time to perpetuity — all Uioso perfec- . i lions, crowned and confirmed by a more copious ! effusion and a deeper penetration of tho Holy ! Spirit. And in that particularly was the defini tive work of Christ distinct from its preparation. The Holy Ghost was tho ©oul of the Church, and hence, in the Apostle's Creed, alter saying, "I believe In the Holy Ghost," was immediately j added, "1 believe in tho Holy Catholic Church." , Throughout tho long ages of preparatory evolu- ; tions the Spirit of God gave Himself in measured , j and secret mannor. but when, en the day of Pen- j ! teeost, the hour of perfection came, IIo showed j Himself, filling souls to the brim and working i countless miracles. Ills „ all-powerful operation: j caused in an instant the ignorant to grow learned ' and eloquent, the timid brave as lions, the un- : I grateful ready to sacrifice themselves unto death, j i The new (21iurc.li was created, th© new Church ( ; was living and complete. Tho new Church is one with CJhritsi — Ills spouse, His mystic body, through ; which Ho Is always visible, speaking and acting in ' the world; His prolongation, so to speak, through 1 time and space, of the Church. Christ is pro- | plict, priest and king — a prophet to foretell super- ! natural events and to teach supernatural truths; a priest, to offer tho sacrifice of redemption on Mount Calvary, and to per- i pctuato that self-same sacrifice in the Eucha- ! rist; a king of a spiritual kingdom vast \ as the world, in which Ho rules and | guides His subjects Into everlasting lite. lMs- I charging His threefold functions by means of His i mvstic Church He gave her His infallibility in tho I matter of faith and morals, or in what man must ' believe and do In order to attain salvation— pas- | sive Infallibility in the Church at large, tho Church taught; active infallibility in tho Church j teaching, the body of pastors and bishops in which ! must bo included the Chief Pastor of all. Hence, the preacher went on to say, ibo whole uuiversal ! Church "is infallible in tho belief and the profes- I sion of faith, so that it cannot bappon that ah the faithful should over believe or profess a doe- ! trine coutrary to tbo faith. Hence, the body of | bishops, including tho Pope, either in council 1 assembled, or dispersed throughout the world, is infallible in teaching. Henco the Pope in infal- ! libie in teaching— not science, not politics, but within tho sphere of his Infallibility, namely, in the doctrine of faith and morals." But not only did Christ give to the Church infallibility, but Ho also gave liulefcctlbUlty. lie promised that tho gates of hell should not prevail against her, as her failing would make void His promises. Incon trovertible proof against the fact of defection was the present state of the Church after her marvel lous career of so many ages. Adducing further arguments from the Old and New Testament as to the Church's infallibility and indefcctibility, tho preacher went on to consider Christ as tho i Divine Priest. By offering the sacrifice of His ' body and blood under the appearance 1 of bread aud wine. and commanding I tlio Apostles to "Do this in remembrance of Me," ! Christ left to tho Church the most perfect form ' | of worship by which the four Indispensable duties j ; in'c'umbent on man— adoration, thanksgiving, | propitiation and prayer— arc most perfectly dis- i j charged. Furthermore, Christ, as priest — the ; "Lamb that taketh nwny tho sins of tho world" ! — forgave sin, which power Ho gave to His ; i Apostles, saying "Receive yo the Holy Ghost; 1 1 whose sins you shall forgive they arc forgiven i ' them, and whose sins you shall retain they are i retained." Finally, Christ, an Priest, gave to : His Church, sanctity with power to increase and : ! propagate It in His members. As King, Christ ruled through space and tlmo by tbo Church's : unity, catholicity, mid npontoMcity. Slio was i catholic or universal as lo place; apostolic, bc- ! cause she had "had her doctrine from Him through : His Apostles through her pastors in uninterrup- j S ted succession to the present day. j THE church contrasted with other j DENOMINATIONS. i Contrasting the Roman Catholic with tho non- | Roman Catholic Churches, the preacher said that ' the swarm of contradictory denominations exist- : iug in the world to-day had neither unity, sauc- ; ; tity, catholicity, or apostollelty. Tho Greek I schism was split into u dozen independent sects without any authority to Judge in matters of doc trine and discipline which, in Russia were settled 1 by the Czar, in the Mussulman States by tlio Turkish Government. ProtostanKsm, In all its ! branches, teemed with conllicUng sects on tho rapid increase; its main principle, private judg ment, the Bible interpreted by private opinion, being the source of variations, divisions, and utter anarchy. "This anarchy," said the preacher, "is the fountain head ami great force of modern infidelity and agnosticism." A© compared with these denominations, "How dif ferent is the true Bride of Chrlfit, how beautiful, how stately and majestic in her ©earn less garment of unity, her snowy, jewelled vesture of sanctity, her imperial mantle of Catholicity, and her long flowing robe of Apostolicity !" On such a day, in Uie presence of 6uch a pageant, t.hoy gladly joined tho exultant throng of worshippers, and with tho nationB, the ages; with genhm, sanctity, and heroism, proclaimed with all their voice and heart their undying faith in the Catholic Church. Taking a retrospective glanco over tho closing , century, tho preacher alluded to tbo Church's struggles, and instanced some of her victories — tho emancipation of the Catholic© throughout the British Empire,, tho glorious reign of Iriu» IX., tho re-establishment of the heirarchy in England, the Oxford movement, and its harvest or illustrious converts, the Mannings, the Ncwmaiw, tho - F&bers; the definition of the Immaculate Concep tion, and the great spread of devotion towards the Blessed Virgin, Mother of God; tho Vatican Coun cil and its proclamation of Papal Infallibility; tho triumph of the Church in Germany over State despotism; the wonderful and yet- prcscnt Pontifi cate of Leo XIII., "who stand© out liko a light- j , bouse over our storm-beaten age, tho ambassa dor of a higher power, the chief teacher, pointing out to a world enshrouded in darknoss the lumin ous path of Lrue progress and civilisation." In : the coming century tho Church would havo to stand out against pasoion, prejudice, and unbelief, but she would conquer. In thin country her prospect© were bright. Thin fair Austral laud ; rose beforo their mind's eye a fair queen, crowned I alike with tho gifLs of nature and tho higher gifts of grace. "I-Iail Commonwealth of Aus tralia, youngest in tlio family of nation©, God ' speed thco in thy great canoe, bo virtuous, be free, bo prosperous, bo eternal!" Concluding, tho j preacher congratulated the Cardinal on tlm \ achievement of tho great object for which he and 1 his predecessors had worked so hard and so well; 1 ho also congratulated the clergy and the laity on the part they had performed. He hoped that, in , God's mercy, tlio Church would long enjoy tho I leadership of the great Cardinal who now guides its dcfjtlny, and that her march would bo from victory to victory until the consummation of tho final triumph in the bright realms of eternal blitia. THE LUNCHEON. | PRELATES' SPEECHES. EXPRESSION OF THANKS. At tho conclusion of tho morning service a luncheon was given by tho laity to the visiting prelates and clergy. Cardinal Moron presided, and in addition to tbo representatives of tho Church, present, there wcro about 350 guests, among whom were Mr. F. B. Suitor (Vice-Presi dent of the Legislative Council), Mr. See (Colonial Secretary), Mr. O'Sullivan (Minister for Public Works), Mr. Reid (leader of tho Opposition), Mr. Gray (Vice-President of tho Queensland Legisla tive Council), Major-Goneral French, Mr. Bocscn (Consul for Denmark), Mr. Frochill (Consul for Spain), and others. The catering was in the hands of Mr. E. D. Toliemache. Tho only toast honored was that of "Our Visi tors," which was proposed by Cardinal Moran. Ho said that as this was a kind of christening ceremony, it was one rather of Uianksglvlug thau of spcechmaking. Tho ceremony had been a great success in many ways, and it spoke very well for tho harmony of tbelr friends that over £12,000 bad been collected. They wero indebted to Popo Leo XIII. for his special blessing, which had been sent to them. They owed a debt of grutitudo also to all who had assisted in the celebration, and particularly to tho Governor of New South Wales, who had willingly come there In his official capacity, accompanied by tho Governor© of Queensland and British New Guinea. (Applause.) Their thanks wero duo to the Go vernment, threo representatives of which were present, und general sympathy would be extended to tho Premier in his threatened bereavement. Then, too, they had to thank tho leader of tlio Opposition, who had expressly hurried back from Melbourne to be present there. (Loud and con tinued cheering.) He bad also to express his gratitude to the Archbishop and clergy, ©omc of whom had come long distances in ordor to be present. Archbishop Redwood had been twice present at the christening of St. Mary's, and lie had invited the Archbishop to bo present at tho third christening, when his successor had com pleted the building in about 20 years time. Ho thanked them nil for tho .generosity with which they had contributed to the building fund of St. Mary's, which was an edifice of truth, virtue, and solid principles, of which the citizen of Sydney might be proud. Applause.) Dr. Carr (Archbishop of Melbourne), in reply ing, was received with continued applause. (lo expressed his groat pleasure at being present. Tlio Catholic population of Australasia, though not lcf strongest numerical one, challenged ud- for ita strong and united offorta, and oily t rejoiced in I.I10 great and solemn colobratlon of llr.it day. The Archbishop of Adelaide and tho Bishop of Maitland, also responded. Mr. Gray, of Queensland, apologised for tho ab sence Of the Archbishop of Brisbane, and Mr. Justice Real, and expressed Ills gratification at being present. (Applause.) Dr. Kenny (Victoria) also responded, and a voto cf tlinnhs to Cardinal Moran was carried, amid cheering and Ihe singing of "He's n jolly good fellow." THE EVENING .SERVICE. In tlio -evening tliero was a solemn Pontifical Vespers. Tho St. Mary's choir boys sang tho Vespers from tho sanctuary. The Archbishop of Melbourne (Dr. Carr) presided. Tho Bishop of llookhampton (Dr. Illgglns) preached, his address chiefly concerning the great Catholic cathedrals of tho world, special reference, of course, being made to St. .Mary's. lie also made somo fooling references to the Into Vory llcv. Father Blunkett, C.SS.R., whose death Is re ferred to In auother column. THE ' 00 El jECTION. As a result of tho present organised efTori, tho total received by tho administrator up to yester day afternoon war, £12, 500, which includes £1300 collected at tho morning service. Tho total col lected 011 behalf of tho present contracts sluco JS97 is given at a little over £22,000. Commen cing with a debit balance of about £7000, the total expondlturo slnco 1S97 has been over £-12,000. Tbo debit balance at tho present timo Is between £17,000 and £18,000. But this sum tho Cardinal is confident of receiving before tbo festival Is over. THE CONGRESS. Tho congress proper meets for tho first tirao to-day, when an inaugural dlscourso will bo de livered by tho Cardinal in St. Mary's-hnll at 10 a.m. In tlio afternoon the section "Social Ques tions" will bo taken, and in the evening there will be a reunion of members and thoir frlonds. 