COCKIE JACK. (By 'Uloola.'} I He was ragged and in tatters, he was thin and wasted, too, And 'twas ages since tho drooping hat upon his head was new ; His thin hair was groy and scanty, pinched and puckered was his face, And the light of Liio had left it, leav ng Death's light in its place. Still he faced the world with courage. crvine. ' While I've bit© and sup, 'I'll bo sure to battle tiirough it, and I won't give up !' 'JVas tho first time I had met him, though I'd heard of Cookie Jack As a famed and noted battler who'd lived long upon ' the track.' He had money once, he'd tell you, for he made a decent thing Selling cockatoos and parrots — the galah, rosolla, king. — But ono day some imps of Satan ('tis but little boys can feel), Stoned Jack's horse until it bolted, Jack himself fell 'neath the wheel, So he took to cattle dealing— he could ride but couldn't walk, And the one thing he excelled in was to hold his own talk. He was eal.ed 41 a great old gas-bag,' and sometimes ' a windy ass But he had his wits about him, and he needed all his gas ! For in buying and in selling in these sordid trading days, 'Tis tho man that shouts the loudest who attract? the public gaze ; And as Jack was but a handful, standing scarcely four feet ten, He'd a hard and up-hilL battle in the race with bigger men. He was noted a3 a ' hard case' in the sale . yards on the road, From the city up to Penrifh, but the bush was his abode ; For unless the rain was pouring, or the ground soaked thro* and thro', Jack slept always in the open — said he 41 liked the morning dew.' But tbe dew got on his system, and it ate his lungs away, Leaving but two wheezing organs that were aching night and day. Then the wet nights sadly tried him, but he'd tell his cattle pup — 'We'll be right again, eh, Bluey, soon as it clears up !' But at last he bought some cattle— 'twas a bargain, so he thought, They were scraggy, but he reckoned to condition could be brought, Then he'd sell them at a profit that would pay him ten times o'er— So ho parted with his money, ventured all his hoarded store. Strange, iudeed, are Fate's blind workings — they would seem all 'out of joint,' And — I'm telling Cockie's story as a .noted * case in point 1 Caulk the drought and held the country in its clutches over long, ' One by one Jack's cattle perished, or he sold them 'for a song.' Then at Jast when it had left him on the verge of pauperhood, (He'd a horse, a cow, and calf left) then the seasons changcd to good ! Yes, the drought entirely vanished 1 'twas the irony of Fate That it stayed till he was ruined, and then lifted when too late I ' Could he sleep next door?' he asked me, and 1 answered that he could — 'Twas an old dec lying shanty that for years had empty stood. So ho stayed there for a fortnight (all the while 'twas pouring rain), Till the landlord came and bounced him — sent him camping out again. For a week or so 1 missed him, then when he ngain came back, Surely such a wooiul figure ne'er was seen upon ' tho track 1' Soaking wet were all his cov'rings, and a pool was where he slept — Had the hardest- hearted mortal seen him, then he must have wept 1 In the creck his horso had fallen and had given up the ghost — Then someone his dog had poisoned — ' that,' he said, 'had hurt him most.' He'd tbe calf tied to a bramble close beside his camping ground ; i ' While I've gut the calf,' he told me, 'I can keep the cow around. 41 What I want to do is sell her, buy a horse and cattle- pup, ' Then I'll 6tari upon ( the track' as soon aa it clears up.' But it rained again that ev'ning, and I pitied bis sad plight, And I shivered at the mem'ry of the bed he'd have that night — So I took him to an outhouse, 'twas a | brick'd aud floored affair, ' And I made a fire, and left him — ' he'd be right,' he told me, ' there.' Thro' the night it rained in torrents, but the morn broke bright and clear, And I hastened out to 'Cookie.' for his heart the news would cheor. , | By the fire I found him lying as he lay the j night before. But his troubles had slipp'd from him and would bother him no more 1 He would ne'er again be anxious 'bout his modest ' bite and sup j' - And for 'Cockie Jack' tho weather had eternally cleared up ! — Cumberland Times.' ; Helidem Spa is Nature's Sovereign source of translucent complexion and high health.* i IF YOU WANT TO BORROW MONEY Go to N.S.W. Montde Piete Co., Ltd., 74 Caatlei^gh-st, 74. EUSTACE BENNETT, Manas®- * ( 