A SPECTRE HAND. The ghosts witich are said to frequent the precincts of Hampton Court Palace are more or less known by reputation, but their nunbliogs have been promis cuous aad uncertain. Great interest in itih^ir movements has, (however, been newly aroused by the strange experience wjr an waist wao, during Une paeft week, has (been visiting certain rooms in the palace for the purpose of sketching the old Flemish tapestry on the walls. Whilst engaged an the Guard Watching Cfaaober in broad daylight — for itibe. room is dbsed to the public at 6 o'clock — thk gentleman, Mr. Haynes, :of Suifljion, positively asserts tbat a spectre -hand, white as-d delicate and richly jemreUed, ias persi&enttty; intruded befcwtieii hiajwd the tapestry. At first he «m«giiwd4tft'jdiaturt-ing element must be one of the nHy hand; so beautifully inserted on the tapestry, but the limSj, ho eays, moved slowly from one stage to [ another, and jwmtod downwards. ' ijr. ' Haynes was much agitated, and tiad several friends cf the curious visitation. 'Ehey, notNuinaturjiUy perhaps, advised fchp to dwm#w the subject from his mind and return to the chamber and his work. But the hand reappeared before his startled eyes; and on the last appear ance of the phantom ithe artist made a honied sketch of the outstretched hand, the rougjh outline of which depicts a brilliatft marquise ring on tbe fore finger. The result of these amtinued visits of the supernatural on Mr. Haynes is reiy visible, he is unnerved, and lie has suspended iris sbebching.. These are the plain facts, but there is, it -woidd% seem, a wd^rd and historic connection wit$ this band and ithe hand of Queen Catherine Howard, one of the wives 'of King Henry VTH, Fair Visitor (to convict) : I suppose ttiat Ww w^ngoftlwhdrds relieves the tnonofouy of your dreary life? Convict {profoundly nonplussed) : The singing of the tods, miss f 'Fair Visitor : Tes; the little gool-Sirds, you know. Tbey must be emh a comfort to you. . ''What a tot of brio-aJbrac Mrs. Knolly has in her parlor f' 'Tes. Looks ex actly aa thbugh she were going to have ?a auction, doearft itP' For Cfa3draa'« Hacking Cough at nigh ti ; Woo* Qrwt Fqymakt Om, la H. ? 