LAKE BOGA. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) About a fortnight ago a public meet ing was called to discuss the advis ability er olberwise of holding sports, etc., in aid of the Boga Brass Band and Mechanics' Institute. At the meeting it was decided to hold sports, bazaar, concert and ball in aid of the Band, Mechanics' Institute and Swan Hill Hospital. Seeing that the bazaar would be chiefly conducted by the ladies, it was decided to go no farther until the ladies had had a meeting and HinoneeAi? fho mnftAP. TIIA IAJIAA BAM their meeting yesterday and they de cidedly objected to have a bazaar at any. price. They suggested that a combined meeting of ladies and gentlemen be called to farther discuss the matter and suggested that the hospital be left out on the grounds that the last time the Swan Hill Hospital was included with local institutions it had been said that the people of Boga included the hos pital as a cover to obtain aid for the local institutions. This had also been said in connection with the present sug gested endeavor ; so it is likely that if there are sports, etc., the hospital will be left ont, and that on some future oc casion something will be done solely for that institution. There will probably be sperts, concert and a ball in aid ef the band and instilnte, and the ladies propose running the refreshment boath themselves. On Saturday night last a special meeting of tbe local Progress Committee was held to deal with applications for and distribute the ornamental trees recently received from tbe Macedon State nursery. There were 23 appli cants for the 91 trees, which, with one exception, allowed four trees to each. They are a nice lot of trees of good varieties, and, if properly tended, should help to beautify the place. There were some others who wanted trees, but ow ing to a mistake, they did not apply. These will get a share of some trees to be got soon from tbe shire council. At the last meeting of the local Me chanics' Institute committee, a lettGr was read from the Chief Secretary's office, statiog that a resident of Boga bad written complaining abont the management of the institution, among other things objecting to the guarantors being committeemen when tbey were not subscribers to the library. This was the chief objection (ef coarse it is an at tempt to stop the Government subsidy). Now these guarantors were appointed by these who in the first place found the money to start tbe institution. The guarantors signed a promissary note and a joint and aereral undertaking, - holding themselves liable to the bank for the debt, which at one time amonnted to £160. Yet they received scant sap- port from the public who pat them in this position. It was these guarantors who, owing to their being responsible to the hank, Carried tbe affairs on in con nection with this institntion and re duced the debt from £160 to £45 (the present amount). Yet this individual objects to the guarantors being ou the committee. He has not the ghost of a chance of gaining bis desired end, for the committee have never done anything contrary to the rnles laid down by tbe Chief Secretary's office. The above letter smacks very much of an indi vidual who at one lime was an officer of the above institntion, and his actions during his term of office did not reflect much to his credit. 