STRAY NOTES. o . ' 1 (by rambler) Hooan'b uhost ! How he did travel ! " Under evens " was a fool to it; being down hill with a good wind be hind he fairly out-distincod the infuri- ated mob following. It happened this wise : A bi|f, long, thin, stnut, travel er for a clobber merchant wbo ex ports from the sign of tho," cat," was seelt'ng orders in tho mountain village of Peolwood, and this traveller in his wisdom orun wisdom, Btruck tho villaco on trace day. Now n little boy hod bought a few eodlin inoth apples and had oaten all but on<, whioh appenred to our traveller ,to bo so ntce that he determined to have it. " Give it to me," said Ire to tho kiddie. "No," says tho boy. " Give me tho core then." said the Traveller (big T , Mr. Editor.) '' It aiu'tgot no core." Bays the boy. " Give mo the moth then," asked our hero. " I've eatsn it," ho says,' " I'll wnllop you," said the long 'un. "You can't," says the little 'un. And our hero makes a rush whioh is mot by the right neatly plan ted on the point. Tho representative of . the " Gat house s'lbsided and thought matters " had quietened too. But no, the|little boy rallied his chums ; thoy hud agreed to squash the streak of humanity. But this long 'uu heard thorn coming and took to his heels over hills and dales, his long legs sticking lo" hiin well; - lie outpaced his pursu ere,, snd being thin he crept into a hollow log and remained thero all night and in tho early morning a . much orumplod streak of humanity; might ho seen stealing away from this bar- barous'noighbourhood, fully convinced that apples aih't no great shakes after all. V '-k: / ' ..It is pleasing to note that ' our Fatrrotio FUnd.oo.lieotion amounts to nearly ;£5b. :' Tt is the duty of every one to give something, and it will be an interesting study to go through the lists aud find out those who have not given anything. Mr.. Jeanneret- is waiting ' to .reooivo your contribu tions. ' Now roll up and preserve the unity of the' .Empire. " Give same- thin g(o help those whose support may bo killed or wounded in the defonce of our rights ! Remember it is ours to answer when thp: Empire eallsi 1 ' . ... / Hassan Bill, Martiih, Miohael Att- tonio, _ Rioardb' S(herifo, , Frederioo Beardiui, Guis'eppo, and sundry other nondescript Asiatics and; foreigners do not favour' the Early Closing Bill. If it. comes into ;force Hassan, will not' be bble to send out Whispering Lnrrio with the pack, and oonss- quently there will -be a dimuoition of orders from bis. follow countrymen. 