Comic Cuttings* There are probably as good fish In the sea as ever were lied about. ' Your wife is always^ so out-spoken.' 'Yes, outspoken, but never out-talked.' Morning wraps were the Invention of the man who wakes up hotel guests for' uie eany train. 'You told me you and Harry- loved at sight.' VYes, but we q-uarrelled on acquaintance.' At a town's meeting in Ireland it waa recently voted, 'that all persons1 in the town owrtlng dogs shall be muzzled.' - ' ' Does position affect sleep ?' asked a medical writer. It does when the man holds the position of night watchman. 'Do'you know much about that horse y®u bought from the Deacon ?' 'I know more about tho Deacon than I did.' Some ono has written a poem on 'The Tongue of Liberty.' The tonguo of liborty generally -belongs to a married woman. 'You say that horse Isn't afraid of any thing. Can my wife drive him?' 'I don't know, sir. I havo never seen your wife.' Visitor: 'But this portrait of Mr. Bulger Is a good deal more than life size.' Artist: 'I know it. That la the size he thinks he Is.' ' Didn't I lend you £5 a month or so ago ?' ' Yes, I believe you did. I'm ever so much obliged for your kindness. , I feel I can never repay you.' . Lady. Friend (to young widow) : ' You're gardening, I see, Lucy.' Young Widow (with a weary smile): 'Yes. I weeds 1' Watts : ' There seems to be some truth In the saying that heaven helps those who help themselves.' Potts : ' Of course there is. They are the only kind worth helping.' Fir3t Beggar: 'Hello! Pickln' up anything oh your rounds these days?' Second Beggar: 'Ain't nothln' doin' at all. I had to draw five pounds out of the bank to-day ter pull me t'rough.' Patient: 'That sign of yours is not very encouraging.' Dentist: 'Why so ? I guarantee to extract teeth with out pain.' Patient : ' Yes ; tout I wanl ?the pain extracted. I'd rather keep . the tooth.' ' Whyfor eez it zat a woman's face eez used on zee silver dollar in zis country ?' Inquired a visiting foreigner. ' Be cause,' growled the impecunious native, ' it Is the Idiom of our language that money talks.' Aunt (to Tommy, wno nas been to tlu menagerie) : ' Well, Tommy, did you see the tiger ?' Tommy (whimpering) : 'Yes; b-b-bu — — ' Aunt: 'But what— what are you crying about ?' Tommy 1 'They wouldn't let me stroke his ears.' Miss Nortliside (to her ibrother) : 'Do you know, Fred, that no fewer than four men want to. marry me?' Fred: ''AH right, sis, may the best man win !' Miss Northside : 'You don't know much about such things. A bride does ? not marry the best man.' Canrobert was inspecting the new gaiters worn by the light infantry. See ing one that was badly fastened, he took the wearer to task. 'Look here, I'll send you my nurse -to button It on for you.' 'Quite unnecessary. General ; I see her every day.' And Canrobert burst out laughing. ' Mabel, why don't your mamma wear diamond earrings like my mamma's?' ' She left 'em home, and papa's hid 'em where the robbers can't get 'em.' 'Where has he hid 'em?' ''Why, I heard him tell mamma that he had put them up the spout, and he guessed they would stay there.' Winks: 'What makes you look so glum?' Jinks: 'I have six daughters, none of them married, 01- likely *0 be.' . Winks: 'And you glum over it? You are the most ungrateful mortal that ever breathed. I have six daughters, all mar ried, all have children, and I've got to support the whole crowd.' A.: 'Did it ever, recur to you what a charming conversationalist P— — Is ?' B.: '-Well, I don't know not parti cularly. Why?' A.: 'Oh,', he Is, decidedly. : He hasn't the ghost of a memory,' you know, and you Can tell your stories to him over and over again, and he enjoys -them every time as much as at the first telling.' ' ' 'A youngster one day eluded punish ment by creeping under a table, where his mother could not reach. hliri.; Short ly after, his father came in, and, when told ot the state of affairs, crawled on his hands and knees In search of his son . and heir, .when, to his astonishment, he -was greeted with this inquiry: — 'Hullo,, father! Is she after you, too?' An American gentleman was talking of a little game of poker, down in Texas somewhere; in \\.hlch he had taken part. 'The man on my right,' he said, 'held' four kings and an ace. The man on my left held four aces and a .king.' ' And what did you hold ?' some one asked. ...' Well,. I was acting coroner at the time. I guess I held the Inquest.' 