A SOLDIER'S GHOST STORY. Thia is a True 6tory told by an Old Pensioner to a former Chaplain of Chelsea Hospital. In tho year 1799 there was a large garri- , son at Dover as there wns at that time a tnnsUnt exp»»ctAtion of an attack from France. There wercsix battalions at Dover, four of which wcro quartered in the Castle. V; On January 14th there happened an event ; which mode a great impression on thegarri- i . son, and which was nover explained. Among '$ the men whoso dutv waa sentry-go on that night wa« Giles Markhnm, a native of Tewkesbury, who was what is called 'a thn meter.' A bold, Iwisterous, rollicking fellow, he always loudly expressed a dis- I l»elief in things which were not vouched far f by hh own senses. r- On the night of January Hth, 1799, Giles f Markham went on to take his turn ofsontry j duty nt eleven o'clock, anil lie was to bo at r his |n--t until one in tho morning. Tho air [ - was cold and bracing. [?, Within the guardhouse a largo fire blazed j merrily, nnd the men were merry too. j- Maikhnm, who was always the leading spirit j among his comrades, was full of fun, and |. had entertained his comrades with many a fc story and jest. At length his turn for duty r . came, and he reluctantly turned out. Dul- L iicm fell ujwn tho guardhouse when he loft, nnd most of thu men dropped into a doze. $ Tho fire wns beginning to burn low when | 1 suddenly the voice of the sentry at tho v. guardhouse-door waa heard calling out, and some one niched into the room. Every one r wns awake in a minute, aud tho intruder | was seen to bo Giles Markham. His cheeks | were white, his limbs trembled, his firelock, f which he had brought with him, fell with a R-, .. crash to the ground. Tho whole of the & guard wero by this timo alarmod, and all crowded round tho man and asked in ono ' What's tho matter, Markham ? What has haqpened ?' ' I have seen my mother/ gasped tho un happy man. ?Seen the devil!' said tho sergeant. ' And suppose you have, why did you quit your jxwt ?Was I to go into tho sentry-box while my mother wns here?' demanded Markhain, shaking from head to foot as if iu an ague fit. * 1 tell you, 1 couldn't do it — no, not if it were to savo my life.' 1 It won't do, Markham,' said tho sergeant. : Recollect that there aro such things as the Articles of War. It won't do to crack your jokes at tho expense of them.* But Markham's manner so impressed the men that some of them almost unconsciously noted tbo timo by tho guardroom clock. It was five-and- twenty minutes to one, and a memorandum was made of tho time. ' I am sorry for you, Markham,' said the sergeant, 'but this must bo reported to the officer, and you must tako the consequent**.* ? I don't care what tho consequences may bo, or to whom you report me,' ho replied. When the officer arrived he, of course, de manded an ox platint ion. Markham, who had by this time recovered his self-corapoeure, then gavo the following account of Lis ad venture — ' Vou know whore my fwfst was,' ho said, ' on the platform of Nuniln-r Five battery, which overlooks the sea. Tlie sentry whom 1 relieved ic|Hirted 'All well.' Over the surface of the Channel, ns far as my eves could reach, n«'t a thing was moving. *fhe noises from tho town grew every moment loss and less, ami at la-t they died away, so that when th«» cb-cks struck twelve there was not a sound except the roar of the s«-a. I have often done duty on that {mst U-fore, but never have I felt tbe silence as I did to-night. I was thoroughly depressed by tin* stillness ami loneliness around me. And then I fell n thinking. 1 thought of my past life, and I knew that it had not ix-cn all it ought to have l*tn. I thought of my mother, ami I romonilvercd how she used to weep over niv father's loose life— nnd it was n very loose life— and how she used to prav that 1 might turn out a U'ttrr man than he was. Poor mother ! I st-iod beside the gun, and wept liken Iwby ns I thought nf her, and of what she would think of mo now. After a lime tbe feeling wore off, and I laughed at myself for giving way to silly sentiment nliMn. I faced almut and walked to the end of mv IsMt, and then, feeling tired, made for the sentry-box. Sir, you may not U'lieve me, but ns there is n heaven nlsjve us, thero nt the }*»x stood my mother. She was |-a]e, nnd looked at me with an expression of sorrow that cut me to tlio heart. I wn.s glued to tho spot. I could not move. 1 henid her voice. She said, 'This day twelve months we shall meet again.' The words smote mo, anil I, who was never frightened l-efore, quaked with fear — fear of what I know not. I tried to speak, hut couldn't. At length I found feeling return to my legs, and I bolted. Relieve me as vou like, every word I have said, sir, is true.' 'You have told 51 strange story, Mark ham,' said the oili« er. * to account' for your commission of a s- rioii' military offence. But I will do this much for you. A prisoucryou imM !*«, ami a report must l»e sent in to morrow to the colonel ; but he shall l-e told your tnle, nnd us you have been a cwkI soldier I will l-og his leniency for you. *ou nro n nntivo of 'i'ewketbury, 3*011 say. Does your mother live there?' ' I have every reason to supposo so,' answered Markham. 4 It is years since I have seen her or written to her.' ?Very well,' said tho officcr, 'your mother shall bo written to; and your fate will depend on the answer.' Markham was kept a prisoner that night, and was reported next morning. Two letters were despatchod by tho colonel, one to Markham s mother, and another to the clergyman of tho parish in which the was supposed to reside. In duo courso there came back answer* to both letters. One was in tho handwriting of Markham's father, and tho other from the parson. The latter stated that ho had received an intimation tho very morning when tho colonel'a letter reached him that tho womnn concerning whom tho inquiries had been mado waa to bo buried next day. Markham, senior, in his letter stated that hia wifo had died at baU-paat twelvo on tbe night of January Hth. Tlio nows mado so much impression on tho colonel that Markham was released. Time rolled on until a year had gone, and Markham's regiment was at Ashford. When January Hth camo round again Markham seemed as healthy as ever. Ho had gono through a hard fatigue duty in tho day, and when bedtime came ho gladly tumbled in, paying a cheery 'Good- night' to his com rndes. That was at ten o'clock. Somo two hours and a half atterwnrds ono of tho men of Markham's company, who had had leave to Iw late, came in, and was a bit noisy. Some of the men woke up, and Markham's voice was heard saying, *1 ain coming, mother.' It was 12.30 on tho Hth January. Markham waa found dead in his bod the noxt morning, with a peaceful, happy look in his faco. 