Cycling Carnival. Australasian , Championship. ' ' W.' DowS's fioiible Siiccess. It ih to bo regretted thnt tho combined championship ' cycling carnival held at the Exhibition, grounds on Saturday afternoon did, not'. attract u larger , attendance. Somo fillip was iie&Icd; to advance Umatour sport in JBridbntio. und tho ciualitv of the rainm? aud tho largo fields on Saturday afternoon thoroughly warranted a largo . attendance. The programme comprised 17 events run under tho Queensland Cyclists' Unfon and Qucoti'sland Arnutcur Athletic Association rules,, und was carried . out under the,: super vision of a' committeo from iho three local amateur cycling clubs, beaded by tho secre tary Mr. ,W» Holdstouk). Somo little incon venience was caused to spectator by tho absonce of a scoring- board till tlio programme had been half gone through. During tho ufteriioon tho Headquarters Bund performed selections of lively musiu. Two novelties wero introduced, in tho shape .of a bicyelo polo match and ait exhibition of the rocontly imported motor tricycle. Tho event of tlio day was the Fivo-milo Atistrulosiuu Championship. In this ovont tlio billy southern representative was Mr. C. A. Cameron, of New South Wales. Tho other great event was the content for tho Koyal' Osborne Wheel Race. Both theso events drow large fields and the racing in them wiis Of tho highest order. The victor in cticli caso was W; Dowd, who has long been regarded us bno of the most determined und consistent of Queensland amateur cyclists. Ho has not hitherto shown great Sprinting ability, but on Saturday he showed championship of tho best quality. Following are details of the events : — , haly-mir»i5 Bioyclb Handioat. — First prize, trophy, £4 4s.; second prize, trophy ; third prize, trophy, £1 1?. First heat : H. C. Petersen, 55 yards, 1 ; R. Harper, 40 yurds, 2. Time, I min. G sees. Soveii starters. H. H. Thompson, 20 yards, the virtual scratch man, "owing to the non-nppearancQ or Cameron, rode a plucky raco and finished third. The contest botween Petersen and Harper was very keen. Second heat : O. Meithkc, 70 yards, 1 ; P. J). Fruuck, 40 yards, 2. Time, I min. o sees. Fight starter. Jf.ickards (10 yards) was too heavily handicapped, and ho failed to run into a place, W. Dowd (30 yards) being third. Third heat : W. F. Cot, 40 yards, I ; E. E. M'Cusktc, 30 yards. 2. Time, I min. G sees. Seven starters. White (7b yards), the limit man, led for about half a lap, but Coo and M'Cuskie soon displaced him, and raced hotno in that older, with Priest tbird. . Final heat : O. Meithkc, 70 yards, 1 ; W. F. Coe, 40 yards, 2 ; It. Harper, 40 yards, 3. Time, 1 min. 7 l/oseos. Meirhko maintained his lojjd throughout, Xliough Harper made a desperate attempt ut the finish. Coe rodo an excellent ruce, uud by a well-timed sprint staved Hurpor off at tho tape. This wus ono of the best finishes of the duy. Onk-milk Boys Rack : first prize, trophy ; second prize, trophy. — S. C. Joyner, scratch, I ; 11. F. Cumming, 45 yards, 2. Time, 3 mins. 32 see. This event was a scries of accidents, and only three finished. Two-siilr Royatj Osdobnk Whkel Race. — First prize. Royal Osborno tundein, valuo £35 ; second prize, open - ordor, valuo £2 ; third prize, trophy, valuo £l'os. First heat : R. E. Berry, laOyurds, 1 ; E. «T. Dixon, 200 yards. 2 ; H. H'. Thompson, 70 yards, 3 ; E. E. M'Caskic, 120 yards, 4. Time, .4 mins. 51 sees. Eleven starters. Tho field was soon in a bunch, with Cameron and Rioknrris away to tho roar, plodding along by themselves. Tho paco was exceedingly fast for some laps, uud Cameron retired in the fifth lap. Later on three fell, and gave M'Caskic a chance to bounce up into a good position. When tho boll rang Borry was loading, and his competitors woro unublo to overtake him. The finish was an exceedingly smart ono. Seauud hcut: H. A. Petersen ISO yards, 1 ; A. Priest, GO yards, 1 ; W. Dowd, 70 yards, 3 ; S C. Joyner, ISO yards, 4. Time, 4 mins. 48 sees. This raco produced a good finish for second place. Final heat: W. Dowd, 70 yards, 1 ; 'A. Priest, 60 yards, 2 ; W. F. Coo, 125 yards, 3\. Time, 4 mins. 51 sec. Coo was allowed to start by virtue of being the fastest fifth man in the tVo heats. Priest rode well till ho caught tlio field. He then wont to the front with Joyner on his wheel. An accident occurred iu the third lap, .uud Thompson dropped to tho rear, hut he pluckily con tinued the race. Cur; next made a dash for tho front, with Dowd und Priest following bim. M'Caskic secuicd played out, aud rodo but as a ghost of his former self. At tho bell Dowd came to the front and led all tho way home, -though Priest challenged him once. Dowd Won by about 2 yards. 0.s'k-a:.'d-a« ua li-'- mil a Novice Handicap. — First jirizb, open ordor, £3 : second prize, tropb>v£2 2s.: third prize, troph v. S. C. Joynur, 1U yards, I ; if. H. Rose, 80 yards, 2 ; H. A. Petersen, scratch, 3. Time, o mins. 47 sees. Eleven starters. Roso suoti went to tho frout, but White cut him down, and ho iu bis turn was displaced by Jefi'ories. ' A t tlio last lap Petersen showed up in front, and kept that position to tho last turn when Joyner rushed up and won on tho post, with Homo half a- wheel behind. flylmiiou auatualasian championship. — First prize, Sports 'Observer" iropby, gold ; medal, £5 5a.; second prize, trophy ; lap prize, trophy. W. Dowd, 1 ; R. "Wilson, 2 ; F. Riekards, 3\. Time, 14 mins. 28 1/5 .sees. Ten starters. It?' wus generally anticipated that this would result iu a battle for first place botween It'okards (Queensland) uud Cu moron (Now Smith Wales), but the sequel proved a sur prise and a 'dolight for the admirers of tho plucky winner. In addition to those unmed, Horry, Priest, Harper, Thompson, Franclr, aud Learfnimth started. Learmontk set to work to obtaiu tho lap prize, aud made two or tlireo last dashes to the front. : Berry next made tho running, and main-' tuinod tho lead for a number ot lap. Harper next hud u try until lie wus relieved by Lcarmonth. Whilo these change were taking placo ut the frout Cameron and Kioktirds wero watching each other closely. Riding fifdi, Dowd was behind thorn on Iho uut-rido, und pedalled comfortably; Once liiokurds endeavoured to break up the field, and dashed to tho front, but the ruck cauio up to bim and the pace slowed down. At the boll Cameron triad to jump the third position, but Priest, litckurds, and Dowd were before htm. At the ougiuc-sbed Dowd made a splendid effort, ami rushing round tho bend won a splendid race. Ho was lifted off bis machine and curried shoulder-high round the ring to receive bis woll-won applnuso. Bicyolk 1'or.o .Match. Thi|i novelty produced a fair amount of interest, though on the whole tho play on Saturday cannot bo said to have givou a just idea of tho excellence of the game. -"Tho teams wore.: A. V. Dodwell (captain), P. Lougli, A. W. Wynard-Joss, and 0». Simp son : against J. B. Dusitibury (captain), C. H. Briggs, J. D. Smith, and D. Cooper. Mr. R. H. Dodwell wqs the umpire. Tho gumo resulted in a win for Durinbury' team by 4 goals to 3. Pedestrian Evknts. 150 Yards Handicap. — First prizo, trophy, £3 3.; second prizo, open order, £2; third prize, open order, £1. First hoiit: J. J. Cummins (24 yards); second hcut; A. Wild man (2S yards) ; third hcot : X1. J. Mubony (20 yard) ; fourth heat : J. A. Hindmarsh (dovurds). Final heat: J. J. Cummins (21 yards), 1; J. P. Mubony (20 /yards), 2 ; J. A. Hind- marsh (25 yards), .3. Time, 12 3/5 sees. Cummins mado a good effort at tho rfuish, uud won by about a yard. 440 Yards Handicap; first prize, op on ordor, £3 ; second prizo, trophy ; third prize, open order, £1.-0. Whittiok (24 yards), 1 ; M. J. Fitzgerald (15 yurds), 2 ; J. P. Muhony (8 yards), 3. Time, 53 3/5 sees. This ovont produced a largo field. Whittiok was running easily at tho finish, with Fitzgerald und Muhony soiuo distutmu away. . ; Exhibition Lonu J uaip. —There wero throo competitor in this ovont— J. Murphy, F. E- Godbold, and A. H. Jonos. Tho Australasian record stood at 9 foot 10 iuchos, put un by J. Murphy on tlio provious Saturday. This distance was boutun by A. II. Jones, who cleared 10 foot 0 inches, thu establishing a now Auutralasiuu record. Murphy and Qodbold failed to beat Jouea'a performunue, though the formor beat his pro vious porformanco by jumping 10 feet. 