THERM I FEATH1SR- WEIGHT CHAM PIOXSHIP. HEGARTY DEFEATS NAPIER. A ONE-SlbED BATTLE. NAriER Satisfied in* Seven Rounds. (By Boxer Major.) A large number ot sports paid tten bob a nob to occupy sbats around a ring erected on the stage of the old Opera House, King stroet, on Monday night to witness a boxing match between Tim Hcg.urty, .of Victoria, and iiughie Napier,, of New South Wales, for the felxtiier-Wbight championship of Aus tralasia and a division of the gate hioncy. A large number paid five bob, ahd a great many 'half a dollar' to occupy respectively half-front stall seats and *(uress circle' ditto, and pit- bcnchcs. They did not get hiucli for theta money, and it is strange hofr veby scldomvof lato these outside-managed 'championships' do give public' satisfaction. The arrangements, I for one thing, are never satisfactory, there ' is no proper supervision (except over the money-box !). For iiistafcce : on Monday night no seats had befeh ffeberved Ior the rtessi but for whose notices -there would be no contests., because there would be %no htnrmv in f he house, arid 'renoi'ters had to take their chance of a view— 1 bad to stand 61i the orc'iost'ra floor. Among a lot of foolish banter from the pit and gallery, t\Vo midgets, WatSon and Smith, went through a very poor six rounds 'for the shower,' as Tom Christian feelingly announced. Yet tlie referee gave tlie ver dict to Watson. It wAs 8.35 when Napier, attended by Mick Dunn (who trained him), Abe Willis iand Hock .Tohnson entered the ring. The veteran is. very popular and was warmly cheered. Ho tooked a streak of good con dition, wire and whipcord, and smiled and chatted confidently. Hegarty followed shortly, being waited | oh by his trainer, vTxck BAtehian, Arthur i Scott aha George Hunt, and was also well ' received, lie was a picture ol health and good form. . They weighed lh«J mien at 'tlie' ring-feUle otinpairof breechldadihg,ehrtac'e-cQhdfen&ing; double- action, cehtrifugal» mtiltitubularj high pressure, fmteht lever e«capemeht, split second scales which the audietlce was informedt bv a slim and sleek young man with a Yankee accent, were the only kind which bad had the honor of appearing before the Queen at her Court in the Tower of London and wdfe guaranteed to weigh to an aphigrapby the sighing consent of a maiden when she is asked by her lover to say ' yes,' or words to that' effect. JIc said ' Weighed over' which is new. to thie depottent. Their re spective avoirdupois were, Hegarty 8-12, Napier 8-12^. Cocker Tweodie thon- came forward and issued a challenge to either of the con testants. They had both challenged him, he said, when hq had arranged to go to America, and he'd now like to oblige them ih turn. At' the close Hegarty accepted Cocker's challenge and said he would light him in three wgeks time. A long wait now ensued while a referee was obtained. Vet. dentist Billy Miller could not act because lie had the influenza, but he consented to be. one of the time keepers, the other being Fred. Fielder, tho well-known u*hd ' uujustly 'stood-dowh ' horseman. Evcutually a choice that should have suggested itse f all along — Don M'Donald, of the Golden Ga'.e Club, to wit — was decided Upon, ami big Doh got *n rausingt choer as he stripped -to hi& singlet and pdtits for his task. . Two to one on Hegarty was asked for by Napier's. 'partyj.,l-ut 3' .-to. 2 was the bost offer, and that was only taken once in quidseys. After tho first round one sport | who badly wanted a bpt otlofcd an even ; quid that it did Jiot last ten rounds, and ! Mick Dunn collared that and thought (as I j did) tiint he had a good bet. j It was 8.57 whenDon. called time for:. i Round 1. The men stepped briskly to | centre, and people had a chance of com- i paring them. Napier stood up to almost I his full height and sparred easily, Hegarty j crouched for all tlie world like one of those : old-time johnnies whoso portraits in atti tude accompanied the earlier chapters of a history of the ring running in these columns | up till' recently. Tim's chin was suhk | behind his left shoulder, bis right guard was always at hardest tension ready to be hurled in a quick cross or counter. He looked down at Hughie's feet nearly all the while* weaving in and out with cat-like agility and his always pale face glowed with a light of battle. Bang] csmo his left on Napier's ribs, and he was out of reach of the very slow counter. Crack I he drove the right hard on the short ribB and a scarlet patch sprang out. iiughie laughed good humoredly and went after Tim, who slid away like a ghost, and the terrific left hook Hugh sent for his jaw expanded itsolf in space. Then Napier got a fair left on to Tim's ear, and Tim, crouching, got two hard left swings on the ribs, and just a$ a lower crouch and the low-gazing eves led him to beliove a third was coming there, tho Mel bourne lad, with scarcely a rise in attitude* swung a wicked left smash oyer and down at the jaw that would have ended it if it had not* been1 Hugh's luck to -hr,ve just begun a back step. 1 Tim scored a hard right behind the ear and the gong rang. It was Hegarty'a round, and his queer., covered- up attitude and lightning speed of foot, and hand made it appear impossible for Napier to hit him 6erviceably The following roundB wero similar in nearly every way, except that ad each pro gressed It seemed more certain that Napier was not in it, that he was outpaoed and nonplussed, and that he has lost his speed. Dozens of times Tim albwed/Jiimself to be j driven into his oWn corner end just aa often he slid out to the right, under the threaten ing arms, and, though he always went the same way and through the same actions^ yet Napier never seemed able to get dfi the stopping left hook or even a chanfce straight jab. He might as well have tried to yard up a flea! ? As tbe rounds Wanton Napier managed to send his long left to meet Heearty as he came, but they had not the slightest effect', while hi^prti lips bled from the opening ot the secowrouna. Hegarty showed a quaint fashion .ftfjooking to see the effect of each clean punch, ' that was quite Amusing to Notice. In the third round he knocked Napier off his feet by - & splendid left .on the solar plexus and a right on the ear. He took 7sece. and wa9 clever at escaping punishment when he cot up. In fact he soored repeatedly and baa almost evened up at comers. Sports were offering 3 to 1 on Hegarty now. The Melbourne lad was using both hands clean and. hard, while Hughie frequently forgot he bad a rignt^ , Napier was aggressive ,in the 4th, but when he got cornered he couldn't escape like Tim and stopped several with' his face and head. He- opened the filthy with ft few friendly remarks .in the midBt of .which Hegarty, always alert said Yes, I know all ^bout— rot,' and at the word his right smashed with terrific, force on the corner of Hughie's eye. Hugh wiped his glove across U [dazedly, and Hegarty ..grinned as he fiatf. the . Boarp , lump. ...tise, . .and .the ruby trickle dowft'NapierVttce. The latter , was very glad When ' ctjrners' ranfi^njlJt ! struck ma that ihe biistling roundliad not i left (bob much steam in Titn. - * : - ? j Both came upVstrong for the $th, but rfegarty. at onpe began muiute giin firing | (several a minute !) at Hpgbr* ribs end j plexus, and it was amazing bow often he got , .there without k Vestige 6f ft return, Napier being very. Very -slow. Once, as Hughie gave chase to the dodgy flying, Tim, the latter slipped on some Wftet in Napier's 1 corner ana fell on hands and knees. A i section of tlie audience boohooed, but it was a patjnt slip— 1 don't m'eau the slip they haul ships up on but that it was plaiu, patent, that lie really slipped accidentally 1 When he got up he smoto Hughie hard and good on the hoBe with his ' ditty ieft' and hooked him several times on neck and ear. The seventh was also* the last. Napier came up with the cut on his ej'e-corner dis tilling the crimson and it also'sbowed redly on his right oar, the oflect of the left quick firer battery. He was anything but happy IrtnL-iHiT IhntiftVi lta tried to Blllile his old sweot smile. Ho did some lovely stopping and put a stiff left on Tim's lips, who re marked ' All 1 clever, you rascal !' and hove ft hard left full in Hughie's mouth. They cams to a closo rally, from which Napier swung out and fell on his buck ; ho rolled over slowly as Dunn called 'Hugliio, Hughie,' aud get oil end just as 'Out' ?trembled on McDonald's lips. Hardly were thev met again before Tim whipped left and right in on each jaw, Napier fell on his back, curled his legs skywurd liko a dead chook, and was countcd out. The most satisfactory thiug about an un satisfactory contest was that it satisfied thoie who remembered Hegarty four or five years ago that the then tap-aud-get-away ooxor has developed into a slashing good two-handed! lighter without losing, an atom tif his cleverness. % 