We B C Concert. 1 It.ilHl, on F,i,l,y I'M i' «r»»o-rt «»• , „f th* |W.-oelli-l fanih of r luOahoii^ «f orfuriiiHiiue consisted u£ voo.il and T " B|1 •ZrU Aa attractive first provi'lp'i. though tb" audience P ' hm-dl» .is demoustrative »« ORUUI. I 1 ",- *«<, howeve'-,. on« Dotal*, exoep- • fi-it uf M'' A- J. R°F°e, who must ^'.W—y g^tldadattb* ooniiHl SLOIMII accorded to him, an an estab S local favorite. Hi. number waa H Z MiWnpmite," and at it« oonolu. •1 he londlr encored. The last *L ww r«i)Hi'«I, I" 'HO Ciptivat^l Lretl.o.e l"VH-nt that the singer h:.d ,n«i.i to ;i|.|."«•• l,fifore thrt olllt,un V n " fortuoatelv M- Royoe had noc another ae with him, »tid was, therefore, tin- «ble to gratify the persistently exmessed wishes" of the audience. Miss Arnold, a visitor from Clunes, displayed flexible and well-trained soprano voic* 0f considerable power. Her r timbers, i'The Swallows," and "At my Window ffeic very artistionllv rendered, and deserve! ftveu more cordial appreciation I tltoy ,<hey received. - '.'Qtieen.pf. t ^ Ew&h;," and "Th* Sol-'ierV Song," <?w-n by tyleasrg A. K Stevens tnd T. A. Coleorook, completed the vocal items Overt<IIVH were ve>y nionly. played by Miss Maiy Moore, of Bacchus Marsh, and Miss Cotter, of Ingliston. Between the two aots of the drama, a selection was capitally rendered by blaster Norman Wood. The drama, entitled "The Secret of the Hollv B >ugh," was very well staged, the scpnic effects being novel and well carried out IV cunaio roie upon a very effective English snow scene, made still more realistic hy showers of falling "snow." The short synopsis published i.i the programme, which stated that in Act 1 villainy was triumphant, and in Act 2 villainy was defeated, really describes, very aptlv, the plot, argument, Hii.i incideuts of the play. As Mary Manvers, wife of tiie hero of the drmna, Alisa Nellie Fletcher, a Melbourne amateur of considerable experience and repute, made a most favorable impression upon the audience, aud was frequeirly and loudly applauded. The part wis cfiitainlv well cast, and very faitlifullv and gracefully pourtrayed. Muy Hondi-rsoii add«l to the sir-VMS of her recent fii'.st appearance, a:i I, as 'lie servant gill SukPy, afterwar.ls Mrs Topples, made the very most of an interesting part, and. though the put was smaller than that taken by Miss Fletcher, the local actress was favored with a liberal share of approval. In the character of heavy villain, which .Mr M. T. Hmrahaa has quite adopts! at local performances, lio-proved equal to all the ilemaudsof wickedness, being, as Ralph Waters, hooted an-l hissed t> his bean's content. At tue conclusion of th.' play, he blew-a liullet hole into laudabtcLitctionL^ obtained fnrjivptifwa {rain t<i» au<liedce for all the dreidful tilings lie bad done. In the very ojipo site character of the virtuous aud popular, though unfortunate hero. Harry Manvers, a young farmer, Mr F. Gr. Wdkeham was very happily cast. If only be would leave that fetching fair hair alone, and wear a "uioustivv" en suite, the girls would love him even more thaa his dear little wife appeare 1 to do—and we would not have objected to being in Frank's place. He spoke clearly, with correct emphasis, and at all times with the accent of "a goo ) young man." As Ben Dicks, an old soldier, Mr F. J. Mehrens bad a difficult bit of character acting, with the additional task of occupying the. stage alone for a considerable period. He acquitted himself well, and particularly so as be undertook the character at veiy short notice. The part of Toby Topples, a village tinker,addicted, until after his marriage with the charming Sukey, to long beers and square gin, was also taken by a substitute, and very creditably so. Toby, as is usual in similar cases, was not so drunk as be seemed, when the villain was murdering B^n Dicks, or stealing wills, or generally soking himself in a criminal bath of inky blackness, and, having touched np the said villain, in a couvenient place, with a red hot soldering iron, he promptly reformed, married Sukey, housed and fed the homeless Mary, and aibsequeutly, after severely "stouching'" the villain aforesaid for further persecuting the homeless one, denounced him by the aid of a heaven-born inspiration, ami the soldering iron mark under the left ear—-aud bauded him over to justice. Whereupou Toby became a little tin hero, was vigorously applauded, aud probably bought a "pub," and took to drink again. But of this the Holly, baugh bistory-tolleth -not- Anyhow,; Harry Manven£~wfio, of course,' hail been sent to gaol for one of the villain's crimes, and bis bonny Mary were once more united, and embraced largely; M.T. "threw seven;" Sukey prepared to fry the bacon for dinner; Tohy was figuratively measured for an inexpensive halo; Bob Wright and Sam Slap, who had not done much, smiled generously; the farmers, villagers, and policemen broadened with the thoughts of the squire's beer; Ben Dicks, who wasn't murdered after all, thanked Providence and the ghost of his old Colonel that t'nn^s had turned out so well; and the curtain fell amidst loud applause, the verdict of the audience bsiug distinctly favorable knd acceptable to all concerned. In a few graceful sentences, the Rev. father Cusack, rector of Gordon parisb, thanked the performers and the audience th e assistance they had given to the wise of Roman Catholic education, ihe remarks of' the R3v.* gentleman, who is a fluent speaker, were heartily appreciated and applauded, and made a very fitting termination to tiie evening's amusement. A ball and sapper followed, and attracted a very . large attendance. Messrs J. O'Shea -and Jos. Kenn-dy aivided the important duties of M 0., Messrs Hunt Bros, and Master -Nuruian Wood provided suitable music. A very enjoyable supper was supplied by the ladies of the congregation. We congratulate Mr M. T. Hanrahan, hon. secretary, and the energetic c <mmittee upon tiie success of the proceedings, wiiioli shield have a good financial result. 