School Concert and Presentation. ? -eft— ? All parts of the Kalgoorlie Miners' In stitute hall were thronged on Tuesday evening on the occasion of an enter tainment given there by children of the Kalgocriie State school in aid of the school library fund. The size of the audience was no doubt one result of the nign quality ot concerts previously given by the State school children. The young people again acquitted them selves admirably, and it was again made manifest that their teachers are ready to go to great trouble to qualify their juvenile charges as acceptable public entertainers. Somewhat of a departure was made from the ordinary run of school concerts in that the first half of the programme consisted of a nigger minstrel entertainment, presented on the orthodox lines by a numerous com pany of lads styled for the occasion 'The Kalgoorlie Magpie Minstrels.' Master ? G. H. Elverson occupied the place of interlocutor in the minstrel half circle, Masters L. Jeffrey and W. Gray figured a$ 'bones,' and Masters J. Don and J. Smith performed as 'tambos.'' A deal of extravagant laughter-provoking busi ness was indulged in by the 'end men,1' who were fantastically arrayed, while the rest of the company were uniformly garbed in white and black. n The min strels bill, duly carried through read : — Opening chorus, 'Camptown Races'' (local version), company; ballad, 'You ivill miss me;' Master H. Blashki ; comic song, '''What ho ! she bumps,' Master J. Smith ; ballad,';Tarry, Tarry,' Master L. Jeffrey ; comic song, 'Crazy Whistling Cooii,' Master W. Gray; quartet, 'Lily of Laguna,' Masters T. Pearce, A. Murray, A. Davidson, and F. Withcll ; comic song. 'The Verdict Was,' Master J. Don ;' ballad, 'You're born, but not buried,' Master H. j Blashki ; comic song, 'Razors in de air,' j Master L. Jeffrey ;' ballad. 'The Hazel] Dell,' and finale farce, 'The Ghost.' Mention must not be omitted of a' very I clever violin solo played as an overture by a little lady whose name was not gi . ven on the programme. Part two of the 1 bill was provided by some half hundred girls — all dressed in remarkably pretty costumes, who gave the operetta 'Snow j White.' Their performance was first ' class, though a couple of the principals j were suffering from colds. The cast of characters was — Princess Snow White, Miss H. Klintberg; Queen, Miss I. Rourke ; Prince, Master L. Jeffrey ; Carl, a huntsman, Master J. Don; Ar butos, Miss O. James; Daffodil, Miss C. Jeffery ; Violet, Miss J. Gilchrist ; be sides a host of dwarfs, forest children, j etc. The opera tta was presented veiy. effectively, thanks very largely to the ? lady who acted as musical directress. At the half-lime interval the Rev. A. Crow came on the stage to discharge the task of handing over to Mr. R. H. Braddock, head master of the Kalgoor lie school for a considerable time past and who is leaving at the end of this week for Guildford, a handsome and substantial roll top desk, subscribed for by scholars, parents, and some friends. Accompanying this gift was a neatly bound little volume containing the names of the subscribers. In making the presentation Mr Crow spoke of the general regret felt here at the impend ing departure of Mr Braddock, and of the hearty wish that the recipient would ' enjoy constant happiness and prosper ity. ' Of Mr Braddock's work as a teacher, Mr Crow spoke in eulogistic terms, and his concluding call for three cheers for Mr. Braddock was enthusias tically responded. Mr Braddock made acknowledgment in a modest speech, in which he disclaimed having done aught to merit the utterly unexpected ?handsome present given to him that evening. He spoke of the zealous and whole-hearted work done by the staff of teachers under him at the Kalgoorlie school, and voiced the hope that his 'successor. Mr Cook, would enjoy some thing of the same kindness as had been shown to himself. The extensive building operations now proceeding on the premises of Messrs Hocking and Co., Ltd., in Han nan-street, have made it necessary to remove the stationery, news agency', and other business hitherto transacted in the shop on the street front and at tached offices, to buildings at the rear, Rrhere, too, advertisements for the 'Kal- g-oorlie Miner' -and 'Western Argus' will be received as usual. At the Wcsleyan Church, Coolgardie, on Monday evening Mr J. M. Craze was presented with a handsome silver eper gne from the parishioners and friends. The church was beautifully decorated for ihr; occasion, and tea and coffee were served during the evening. The pro ceedings took the form of a social, and songs and music were rendered during the evening by members of the church. In making the presentation to Mr Craze the Rev. Mr. Finch spoke in most eulo gistic terms of the manner in which Mrs Craze had endeared herself to the members of the church and the public generally, for her liberality, generosity, and attending to those who were in need of succour. Messrs Wymond, Bennett, and Peart also spoke in highly compli mentary terms of the good that Mrs Craze had done in the district, and that there was no doubt that she would be greatly missed. Mr-. Craze, with her husband, Captain Craze, leaves for Pdrth on Thursday* V 