OUR YORKSHIRE WOOL LETTER. Wool Standing Gbott ? Like in the Slougk ot Dapood-Loodon Sales-Price cf Woob 'Ups' Topnaken— The Want in Consmninc Centres Wool Adultenott-At the Sale»-4*-od Conti nental Bojring— South Australian Cli|* and Prac tical Note* on Them— Great Contrasts in Prices Bid and Accepted— In Consuming Centres— F»c- ton in the Bradford Market-Still Quiet all Kound— Crosbmb Still to Ot* FrooL [From our Special Correspondent.] BRADFORD, October 26. Wool to-day is pre-vmiucntiy tne princi pal commodity which stands ghost-iike amid the numerous raw commodities' which arc called upon to nil the bill ot the wosJ.n and worsted uianuiaciururs oi .buropc and America, and while mauy particulars relat ing to the article stand to attract, yet there are other features which are depressing and galling. From a manuiacturex's stand point the principal features which are pleat ing are tue cheapness of the aruc.e and the ability to alHo-it pick and choo=e where he likes, but there is a correspond* ing depressing feature in the la.k ot suf ficient trade doing to warrant him in buy ing heavily, although prices are so very rea sonable. It must be said that maikeb on this side the globe are stdl struggling in the Slough of iJespond, and although a vi sit to Coieman street wool exchange would indicate to the casual visitor, judging by the shouts and gesticulations of buye.s, that nothing but a robus; state was the chef characteristic of the trade, yet I say can didly that all this noise and din offer* no criterion to 'the slow, quiet, depressed con ditions which prevail in manufacturing cen tres, though if -London's Voice cau be be lieved there either, is, or expected to be, more trade doing, than any man can s;e by a visit to the wool exchanges of either Bradford, Koubaix, Antwerp, or the wool warehouses of Boston. 1 rather incline to look for the silver lining in this tute of gloom and darkness which lias filled all markets for the post turn moaUu, ana, judging by the attitude of London, there '* a decent trade in store now that prices aie nearing a working level, and brokers being willing to let wool go at a market price. X irmly believe that if tops ol a 60's quality had never reached over 2s. per tt-., inrtead of 2s. 9d4 that all through this year wool would have continued steady at tne former figure, and also all through the year a good trade' would have been done. Instead of t*'^ markets are still figuring at a very low level indeed,- and likely to do yet awhile. Since 1 iast wrote the opening and con tinuance of the London wool sale have marked another epoch in the trade, and what the verdict has been is well known to ail your readers. If I may say so, there is about this present series of sales less un certainty and less temerity in men's mud* concerning the touching of rock bottom prices than at any previous sales held this year. The fact that we are now back at prices which were ruling, in August, 1887, inspires men with confidence that merinos are as cheap as they are going to be, .seeing that the stocks he«d by manufacturers are only reasonable, tnd tne certainty of ano ther material shrinkage in supplies from Australia. The way London sales are going 'caps' everybody in consuming centres, ? the verdict here being that those who are buying merino wools are acting rashly, and that they will be called upon iater to pa; the piper for the tune they are now calling. There is a consensus of opinion among- all topniakers who - have been down to Lon don that it is impossible to buy wool to produce a top that will cost anything !e«s than 19d. per ft, but such a price is abso lutely unobtainable among any Engluli spinners. personally, I rejoice to see things going in London as they are, for i: gives the snub dire.-t to the 'poor poverty' ideas which some topmakers nave concern ing what should be the price of 60*a tops. When men see that they cannot produce this article at present offerings they will noi be so squeezeable as they recently have been, and the tendency being for a little firmer rates in London for the best wool*, s bound to have a good effect upon prices. The great w&nt; in consuming centres is an increased demand from merchants and clo thiers for the manufactured article, the glut caused last year through every null and factory running over time and produc ing excessive quantities of goods, having not yet been worked off. Among outside manufacturers, speaking generally, there is a fair trade doing, mills being fairly we'l run, but there is not that consumption of pure merino wool that could be desired, mango and cotton particularly being con sumed in very large quantities. If the pub lic the wide word over could be induced to wear nothing eke but pure wool goods, and refuse to buy the cheap adulterations which to- day are so tastefully prepared to please the eye, every ounce of wool pio duced in the world would be consumed in twelve months' time, growers would receive a price ndt only enhanced, but there would be a permanency about values, in which i slump like we have seen would be an un known tiling. What has impressed itself most upon my mind is this.' that since the opening week the French and German houses have made their presence fdt upon the market in a very creditable way, buying far more than what even the most sanguine had ever an ticipated, bidding most freely and keenly for not only good 6hafty parcels, but even pieces, bellies, and locks. France is not such a good customer as is Germany, but old firms are by no means wanting in their support, but are buying fairly extensively parcels which were they absent would be selling at least Id. below present rates. Not a very great quantity of South Aus tralian wools Tuve been catalogued, but cer tainly more have been submitted than at any time since the January series, bankers and those having control of stocks being now convinced that the time has arrived in which a clearance is the best thing to moke in face of the coming new dip. The policy of holding on to stocks sale after sale I have long condemned, and the thou sands of pounds, which have been thrown away and which might have come into the pockets of Australian growers if their dips bad been cold earlier in the season is fear ful to contemplate. As 1 show below I calculate that one noted South Australian dip has lost the grower something like £5,000 by it not being sold when cata lonicd on January 17 by Means. H. Scnwartze & Co., and sold by them yester day week, 6d. per ». less being the difference in the price accented and what was bid last January. And this bear in mind is no solitary instance in which a serious loss will take placet but that hundreds of dips will suffer senoukly is * too well-known met. Let us look at a. few South Australian clips which impressed one's attention as we went round valuing. Nothing of any moment was offered until Balme's on Oc tober 11 brought forward a few nice lots of the mark EC/Wattle Range. Here the grease 1st combing hoggets made the capital price of lOd.. two other lots fetching iHd. rettpeotrrely, the 1st Iamb* abo reaUnnK lOd. This dip undoubtedly was very wed grown, shafty, an excellent quality, very light in condition, and really one of the best Adelaide clips. In the same catalogue was the MC/Milucent dip, offered in the grease. Here the entire flock was cros breds, bat concerning their merit and excel lence nothing very much can be said. They resembled as nearly as possible the cross bred wools grown in the southern part of the North Inland of New Zealand, and had they not been stated as being shipped from Adelaide they would certainly have been considered New Zcalands. Very well grown, shofty, and a fair length, they were certainly very coarse, the majority of the lots not ranging more than 38's to 40'a quality, while they were wanting abo in condition. The next day II. Invell & Co. offered the cream of South Australian grown wools. Irwell's offerings were nearly all South-Eostem-grown wools, realizing 9a. to 10d., aad were indeed capital stuff. Mem*. John Hoarse & Co. on the 16th brought forward 3S1 bales, chief of which consisted of scooreds. .The Hfl/Cadeljjo was offered first, consisting of some nice sized lot of seoureds. It cannot be said that these were anythinc near enual to the best Australian scoured^, they being only average wool*. The firct combing hoggets made 14d.. several lots making 13\d., the pieces 12Jd., and the bellies lid. Nice quality, shafty. fairly *ound, it lacked somewhat in colour and condition, it being abo a trifle fatty, a feature which seoureds should not possess. The next clip was the ifD & Co/Mt. Wood, it, too. being scoured. In some respects it wa.» a verv similar cbp to the previous mark, the combing fetching 13d. One bale of black wool made, I thiiik, the record price of the series, it fetching l&id.; Blade wool to-day is indeed selling the best of any wool. Messrs. H. I\ Hughes & Sons broucht forward three lir^ tie marks,, chief of which was the BP ('Ba den-Powell') in diamond. This was a very dirty, earthy, wasty clip, the crossbred*, too, bavins abou: them nothing of any me rit. Still one word of advice: — Look to condition and quality. On the 17th Messrs. Charles Balme & Co. asked for support for the HRH clip, but certainly it was in a very heavy, earthy, wasty ?tate, 4Jd. being the highest price for the first lot of grease combing. A better clip was the Cutbcro clip, ottered in the scoured cjate, the 1st combine realizing lid., 2nd do. 13$d., 2nd dotting 1'2W., necks 13d., 2nd pieces 12} d., sod the bellies 9W. Fairly well scoured, but might be better. Messrs. H. Schwartze and Co. always offer sonic very tine dips, their catalogue being always well looked into. Among its contents of October 18 was the well-known South Australian clip of Allan McFarfanc. a wool certainly not the best, but offered in some very respect able lot», figuring as high as 57. 53. and 66 bales each, several more being about 40 bales to a lot. It was wnispered very early \- in tht ?««??' that this very wool was offered in January and withdrawn, being held over rcrics alter series in the hope ot tome better prices being realized at succeed, ing series. 1 have taken the trouble to look up my January catalogue, and find that exjeUy these very low were oiieicJ by this same firm, and my heart veritably nches to think that the owners will have to endure such a fearful loan by tbe wool being held over and not sold at the prices bid in January. On January 17 only one lot oil 5 bales of super combing damaged was sold { it 131d., and 7 bale* super eomoing rams at lid., all tbe sujxr combiug i-vvcs and M'ethei'3, 2-tootii, and young wethers being withdrawn at 13d. to 14d., ;uh1 sold this week at f-jd. for the latter description, and Sid. to 7d. for the ewes and wcincrs. The same linn offered two liuk clips over the name of Dodd, which fetched Til. for tbe jrtaay merino?, 10 bales ot crossbred bo^ {et3 letching 7}d. 1 certainly think, judg ing by tue crossbreds, that here this class j of wool can be grown to better advantage! than can tbe merinos. They were shat:y, food length, very sound, and in fairly light condition. An average clip was also shown under the name of J. Green/Oak Park/ Pearce, 27 bales greasy fetching 71d. At considerable 'trouble 1 have prepared the following particulars contrasting the actual telling prices for the slips last January, and again this scries, which are well worthy of being digested:— ALLAX McFARI.AXE (S.A. Wool). January October Series. Series. 1900\. 1000. Description. . d. d. Creasy super combing damaged U) 0} Crcaqr pieces ? 9t Si 53S bales were withdrawn in January and sold this week at from 3d. to 7Jd., or a loss of about £8 per bale when compared with the prices bid in January. DPKO /WARRAKA (X.S.W. Wool). Gictsy 1st combing.. .. ___ 15 6} Greasy lit combing*. ~ — — IS .8 THREE CBOWK/GEAB (XX Wool). SUpe 1st Jbreed combine .. ~ U 9} Slip* 1st crosfbred combine _ 11 0 SUpe im. i-bred combing ? „ 9} 7* Slips 1st Lincoln ....«.__ » M Slip* lit Lincoln ? 84 6* SUpe crutbred ? __.. 7j 6f SUpe crossbred clothing ...._' 7 j M Sipe crossbred pieces.. ...... 7 5} TF/BELLE TUE (({aeensUnd Wool). Grease clothing ? M .. Ut 7 FD & Co./ATLAS WOBKS/YARBA BASK (Victorian Wool). Scoured ex. soper combine A _ 81 18 Scoured ex. super combing .. .. 90 17 Scoured ex. super croMbred -.— a IS Scoured 1st crcttbred ........ 15 8 Scoured 1st croubred lambu. _ IS 8 Scoured encored hoggets .. .. UJ ? 6} N.Z. * A. LAND Cc/WALHALLOW (X.S.W. Wool). 1st , combing.. »«.«. .. .. .... 15J jj !od combing „____.... u m 1st pieces ? _ _ 12 9j 1st crossbred ........ _^ „ 131 8 Croabred piece* _ .. — ? «. n t Hatf-bred taken _ .. ? u| e? The above is most remarkable, the actual selling prices last January for the greasy being to-day considerably better than the scoured of to-day. BOWES DOWNS (Queeasland Wool). Crease' 1st combing ........ 151 71 Uftue Sod combing ««.«.« is* M UreaseA ? «,_ Mj 71 Crease A.. .... ._«...... M ej Cms* skirts „...-.? ? 13 74 Grease skirts .............. 13 7 Grease 1st iambs _.,_.... 14 g . CLYDE (Victorian Wool). Scoured sopernne combing _ .. 30} ltt Scoured super combing.. _. _ so IB Scoured 1st i-bied ...... _„ ia 9 Scoured taper }-bred — _.... 11 «i Scoured btlrbied ? M 10 « Scoured super J-brtd lambs „,. 14 7 Scoured super j-bred lamb* _ «. ill 8 Scoured super j-bred lambs .. .. 9} 7 MOONBBIA (Victorian Wool). Grease lit comhlng ........ 15 gi Gross A combing —_.._ .. 14} fa (jreueAA ? ., i« 8 Grease !nd ..--............, 12 4 Cress* necks ? as 8 Creast broken ............ 141 71 Gmst 1st pieces .......... li 7! Crease bellies ? % 'A Gretse Snd limbs .......... 7] £ Turning attention to Uu movement cf wool in consuming centres, it u in ordtr to remark that during the past month every market alike has pursued its course in a very quiet manner. The history of the past few weeks' operations are very much the same as for the past three months, and it appears to be the general opinion that the developments of the next few weeks will not work any great change in the charac ter of the market. There are some adieu who profess to see signs cf on improving trend. They say that they find tne out side buyer somewhat more reasonable and more liberally inclined than heretofore. Other staplers say they fail to txperience any such change for the better, that busi ness is extremely dull and unsatufactoty, and that to their minds there is very littie in the present situation to justify such hope ! for the immediate future. Men generally ! admit that the atmosphere of the market has been greatly darined durin? the past ten days, and this certainly is progress in the right direction. Interest, et course, largely centres in the London wool sale*, and whatever new pluses coxisuming mar kets show they owe it largely to tbe influ ence of the premier distributing market A conniction of opinion seems to prevail as to the bottom haying now been reached, spin ners still refusing to believe that prices are where they are going U remain, for with the absence of enquiry and consumption they fail to see how present rates can be maintained, even though there be such a commendable show of life for merinos and fine crossbreda in London. Prices for 60's tops are in Bradford no better, and top makers say it ia impossible to meet this mar ket with wool bought to-day in London. A super 60's top is casting to-day fullyUfcL. but such a price cannot be obtained. 'However, we nope London will continue as it hu be gun, and that merinos will get dearer b; lore cheaper, as a nrm and rising London market will be the best thing that could happen to the markets of tbe world.' Me dium and coarse crossbreds are only firm, with 40- tops at lOd. to 10id. Mohair has again quietened down, after the late spurt, but consumption is well ?'??'*»''fd and stocks are very firmly held. Turkey ave rage is standing at 18d., and Cape firsts st 16d. to 16*d., and winter at about lid. per ID. .The crossbred section of the trade stH! continues to be of first moment throughoul Yorkshire, by far the most machinery beinj; engagxd in the manipulation of qualities ranging about 4&'s. The call undoubtedly is for something cheap, and crossbreds arc an article which to-day u being manipu lated in such a successful manner, that even fabrics are being turned out fit to be worn by any gentleman in the land. There is in certain quarters a better feeing for meri nos, and now that prices have reached the bottom, and it is possible to buy such good* as American Clay worsted coatings at 'old time' prices, it is thought that we shall no. be long before there is an increasing de mand for both merino wool and good*. Still there is no doubt that crossbred ma kers will make a big effort to keep the at tention of fabric buyers towards this das* of goods, lowness in price being the chief important feature. It is significant that both spinners and combers continue to be very busy; in fact, the latter are still run ning night and day, merino combers finding it hard work 'to keep machinery running even ordinary day time. 