OUR LABOR MEMBERS. To the Editor of the 'Evpnine- i^ra ' Bir,— Allow me to. bring- to the notice of our Labor members the desirability of passing a short bill to re gulate the fees charged by labor agents to working men and domestic servants, especially, nursegirls ani elderly females, -wfhen seeking' employment. Our Ms.L.A. could with advantage imitate the example ocm uj j-uxwl rt^ire&euuiuves; oi tne oiner colonies, and extend a measure of protection to working 'men and servants, so as to prevent the labor agent from charging the worker a registry office fee of from fl, £2, £3, and in -winter, when times are bad, and situa tions are scarce, a-5 much as £5 for a billet, where he or she might not be required after a few weeks, owing to the fact that the worker was. not furnished with full and authentic information by the labor agent as to the nature of tho duties required to be done. I am a gar dener. On several occasions I -have had to pay as much as £2 registry office fee for three and four weelcs' work, not fceing required after the job was finished. Every time I require a situation I have ..absolutely no alternative but to submit to the registry- office pro prietors' exorbitant demands, or remain in enforced idleness, and become .one of the unemployed. If I get a billet from a labor agent to-day, and return in a few days' time, through hot being up to the employ er's standard, I am at the entire loss of my fee. There Ie no law that I know of to -make the labor agent dis gorge. 'When I eqnsider. the. fact that the employer is not charged one penny piece by the labor agent, for reasons not generally known outside of registry office circles, this is eminently unfair. ' 'Why should T, as the weaker party to the contract,- have absolutely no protection? 'Under our present labor office system workingmen and domestic servants have not the ghost of, a show. Owing to the' straightforward and manly action of the Victorian Labor members, who a short while ago whipped a bill through the Victorian Legis lature compelling the labor agent -to be registered, and fixing the fees to be charged for situations by act of Parliament, Sydney has become Inundated with ex labor agents from Victoria, who have been refused licenses to carry on the registry office business' by the Victorian authorities. Trusting you will give pub licity to the above, and thereby confer a. favor on a class in the community -who.. ere absolutely at the merer of the labor offices— Tours,, etc., me y SAMUEL FAtJuCB: GBEGAJS , ?Wahroonga, February 26 