fthyme Reason By, " PRETENDER.' 81 nee winning tlie Y.B.C. Grand National Steeplechase in 1899. much lias 'been expected of the Wellington gelding, Mysore. Although on tliat oc casion be only won toy halt a bead, tbe piucEy manner in which «e suwea uu such a good, game " battler " as Geo. Russell's old champion, Domino, gained liim a host of admirers, and made it appear tbat; given reasonable luck, tbe then five-year-old representative of tbe Oamperdowsx stable would, in the near future, blossom into a real " top- noteher." Time, however, has told a different tale, for after disappointing bis connec tions In- this year's Nationals, tbe beg gar— I suppose, to be in keeping with the rest of the racing communlty-bas turned cunning. Punch him or coax him— on the train ing track or with the colors up— it was all the same, the 99 Natiqnai winner obstinately refused to cross a fence, and for a time all the arts and dodges of his rider or trainer could not induce lilm to do so. Latterly he has Im proved somewhat in this respect, only, however, to become "as slow as the' proverbial funeral." Running in the Mcntone Steeplechase, his one solit ary opponent, Wilfred, beat him toy twenty lengths or more. As a proof of the glorious uncertainty of tlie turf, Mysore — whoso recent failures are, in my opinion, due more to sultri ness than to any want of quality— will " turn up trumps " when we least ex pect It I'ya been a good 'un in my day, There's no one ess deny it ; The biggest jomp tbat ever stood Pd slmt tny eyes and fly it. And as for pace To win a race, Without a word of lyra' Z bad enough to lick 'em all Without so much as tryin. Bat now they say the scene is changed— Fm hardly worth a " dollar," The very men who backed me once Are iiow tlie ones to " holler." It's Mysore this, And Mysore that, Or Myeore'e snre to "chuck it;" It's time he nailed a baker's cart, Or kicked the blootnin' bucket. They, no doubt, think they're very smart, And also very fanny. But as for me. I smile and Fay They've lost their bally money. That's why they swear, And ramp and tear, And talk about my running; -That's why they say " He's had his day, Or else he's growing canning.'1 And if I am, it's neatly timc, For after all my .battles, . I've something elpe to think about Besides their goods and chattels. My gallant wins Mean broken shins, And knocks too hard lo mention, Bat every fence has taaght me sense, And now I'll get my pension. Bat ere I leave the turf for good I'll see can I be fnnny, , I'll wait until they've something backed To win 'em heaps of money. Then in the straight They'll know too lali» . They've backed a rotten idofi For it it isn't " Mysore wins !" I'll cat my blessed bridle. a a An old friend of the writer used to 6ay, " Never argue on politics or religion, for the very simple reason that tbe more you argue, the less chance you have of ramming your own views down your adversary's, neck." Es-Pricsfc Slattery, who has been having a pretty lively time , lately, must be fast coming to the same conclusion — at least so far as religious topics arc concerned. Last week, during .the progress of a lecture at Kalgoorlie, W.A., the crowd rushed the doors of tbe building, which raised a perfect pande motiium. Stones were thrown, scream ing and fainting women were carried out on to the street, and chair legs were fly ing about in all directions If you're going to have an argument — it mattcrB little wbcrc— Bo eare you pick a subject which tbe folks will grin and bear. If yoa don't, they'll pass you something like the hind leg of a chair. And you' wonder for a minute where Then you'll wish to God they'd lot yoa " do a git." For I'll stand to lose a monkey you'd he feel ing sort of funkey. And you'd wish you'd kept yonr " yabber " closed a bit. If yon have to hate an argument, he ears < you're in the right, And when you leavo the creeds alone we'll Fit and hear yon 41 skilc." For I'll give you my opinion— when HodIj makes 'cm fight, , There's littl in religion of the kind. If heaven's for them I'd rather stay behind, For, with all their blessed 44 chippin " and their golden wings a flippin', It would almost drive a feller oat o' mind. a » » The New South Welsh sportsman, Mr. H. C. White, won tbe Great Eastern Railway Handicap last week at the New market (E.) October meeting with the ; Australian-bred gelding Spark H. On the following da' the valuable Jockey Club Stakes was annexed by the Ameri can colt Disguise IT., wbo carried the colors of Mr. J. R. Keene. Tbe runner-up, Jolly Tar, who repre sented Lord William Beresford stable, was also Yankee bred. H.R.H. tbe Prince of Wales' crack colt, Diamond Jubilee, was a 6tarter, but could get no . nearer man nun. wuat with the recent successes of Australian horses and American horses and riders, the people in the old country will have to be looking to their laurels : — Since we left the shores of England , All the folks arc getting alow, Even sport is going to 44 blazes " Just as fast as it can go. ! First we wipe 'em out at cricket, And a dozen other things, Until now we even lick 'em ! At the good old 41 sport o' kings." So then, rise, my British hearties, Shake tbe cobwebs from yonr feet ; Either np and guard Old England Or oontess you're fairly beat. With our Mermans and Malnmas, And another horse or two. Not to mention Yankee riders Who can put your jockeys through, Keally, sons of ancient Britain, Ton are going downward Cast : Yon must poll yourselves together Ere anotfaec,day is past If yon don't, yon 11 go to pieces, Like a vessel run aground, . And your fathers' ghosts will haunt yoa Till yoQ're planted underground. The Kynetou Amateur Race Club celebrated its anniversary on Tuesday with a plain and fancy dress ball. , A very pleasant time was spent Tbe following clauses, relating to sweeps, betting, gaming, cheating, etc., are included iu the Police Act Amend ment Bill introduced by tlie West Australian Government, and now be fore the Legislative Assembly :— If any person establishes, commences, man ages, is a partner, assists, or 16 other wise concerned In any lottery or any scheme toy which prizes, "whether of money or of any other matter or thing, are gained, drawn for, liirowu. or com peted for by lot, dice, or any other mode of chance ; se)l6 or dis>oses of any tickers or other means by which per mission or authority 1s gained or given to any petson to throw for, compete, or have any Interest In any such lot tery or scheme ; or under any pretence or by means of any device sells or dis poses of, or endeavors to sell or dis pose of any lands, goods, wares, or merchandise, by me&np; of any game, either of skill or chfcnce— every such person, being duly convicted thereof before a Couft of summary Jurisdic tion, shall forfdt and pay a penalty not exceeding £200; and for any second of fence, besides such penalty, shall be liable to Imprisonment for any term not exceeding six months. 