A REAIARKABLE LETTER. AN English paper of recent date gays :-A find . has been announced to tbe ArcheoJogtcrit Goa Rr csa at Rome by Professur Bohrfhinn, of ' Vienna University, wbi :h ia of tho li ghost antiquarian and Christian interest. The dis- covery ii of a Greek inscription on the lintel of tho gateway of Ibo old palace at Kphesua con'alnlng a record of the coricspondencc which, according to Eusebius, passed between Jo-us and Ab;arus V. of Kdessn. The originad letters, written in Syto- Chnldalc eharacters, to wtdch tho inscription refers, were orlg'nally discovered beneath n stone some 81 miles from Iconium in A. D 07. Their authenticity was doubted at the time, and ia th'! Pontificate of Leo III. declared to he spur.om. Protestor Murray, ot the British Museum, who has >, been at the Roman Congress, dudares tho inscription to be undoubtedly genuino and of the highest importune?, tending as it do> s to cf tabllsa thc authenticity cf the correspondence. Tito* letters as given in Kuçcb'us aro ns follow : \- Abgorus writes: " I have ho ml of'Tht eand the cures wrought by Thee without herb» or medicines; tor lt ls reported that Thou rc- ? störest Bight to tho blind and makest thc lame to walk ; cleanest the leper, raised tho dead, cadent rut devils and unch-au spirits, and bealest those that arc toracntcdof diseases of a Io-ig contmuMico. Bearing all this of Thee, I wits fully persuaded that Thou are thc very God come down from Heaven, or that Thoo, art ths Hon Gol, and performest them ; where- - fore I bavo suit rhee a few linos entreating; Thee to como h fier sad eura my discisos b-sider, her ring that the Jews murmur against Thee, and continue to do Theo mischief, I invite Tuee to my city, which la but a little - one, but is beautiful and sufficient to contain us bo'h." . Christ's reply ls as follows :-" Blessed aro thou for believing Me whom thou" hast nob seen ; for it ls written of Me that they that have teen Me shall not ballevo, and they that have nat teen Mo shall believe and be saved;. but concerning the matter thou hast written about, this is to acquaint thea that all things for which I was sent hither must be fulfilled, and then I shall, bu takau up and t otu rn to Him that sent Mn, but after My ascension I will send out one of My disciples who shall cure thee ot thy distemper aud give lifo to all ? them that aro with theo " Eusebius recorda that the Apostle Thad- deus eventually went to Hdesaa, and put his hand on the king and healed him. Thc latter - said of the Apostle that "bc saw something' extraordinary ia his countenance." In the sermon preached by Thaddeus to Abgarus bc spoke ol Christ os having "bumbled Himself and died and lowrei His divinity." Mr. James Binnie, an old resident of Ballarat, and father of Mr. D. Binnie, secre- tary of the Ballarat Mining Exchange Com- pany, died on Monday, aged 77 years. There is muoh speculation in the Ballarat anglican community as to the probable suc- cessor of Dr. Thornton as Bishop of Ballarat. Dr. Green, Bishop of Armidale and Grafios*, is ment o >ed ; and- names also spoken of arc - those of Dr. Julius, Bishop of Christchurch, Mew Zealand ; Dr. Cooper, bishop suffragan ot Ballarat ; and Dr. Stretch, all ot whom aro well known to tho people of tho diocese. The stipend of late years has been only £600 per year, but with the endowment fund aug- mented the diocese fncomo should in the future reach mush higher figures. tThe Bev. W. Bradley, formerly a well known Congregational minister, and latterly travelling reuresentative of tho Australian ? Christian World, in which capacity fae recently visited Broken Hill, dropped dead at Nymagee n few days ago. Mr. Bradley was a very effective speaker, and had dono remarkably good work among the wbortiide population of Sydney. .The Major of Newcastle (Alderman Miller) . has published a statement relative to thc financial position of the city council .' Its» fnehold property in tho heart of the city ia estimated to bo worth from £100,000 to £125 000, anl returns au Banoal rental ot £4800. At present thc council holds per- mission tí borrow to tho extent of £U9,0TXV bat the loans floated total only £50,400, Tho rents dorlvod from tho freehold pro», perties are more thau sufficient to poy the interest on all loans and also to meet the:' debentures as they mature. The actual revenue last year was £ÏG,630. The flood on the Hawkesbury was re- sponsible : for all sorts of ingenious con-1' trivances for cheating it, and ono man,, driven out of his hut and too far away to bé rescued by tho brigade boats, put a canoe together for-himself in about ten minute» and managed to get safely beyond reach of the flood. Ho got a piece of ordinary gal- vanised Iron and bent it Into tho shape of a. canoe, placing at each ead a small piece-ot board and nailing tho iron to it. ii waa sur- prising to see how admirably lt served *ha parpos». ' .?' ' - A..remarkable swim is reported to have> been accomplished by a horse belonging to>' Mr. Prentice, tho mailman at Clarendon,. '* between Windsor and BIchmoud, during tho 1 flood there. As between Windsor and Mal- T' gravo, there ls a big stretch of water between? Windsor and Clarendon, and on Friday tue raliway viaduct, known as Chanty Pondi?» Bridge, was completely covered by the water.. The horse started to Bwim np Frocmanfe Rcacb, and was swept by tho current towards the river, ultimately landing near thé Windsor Observatory, after a swim of nboot eight miles. Two of Mr, Dons tan's boreea swam round thc house from 10 o'clock oa Thursday till C o'clock the next mornings when they lett the house, floating os if they I were dead. At 9 o'clock they were picked no- on Mr. Hannibns* property ot Pitt Town Bottoms, and Mr. Hannibas then swam them a further distance of two miles, landing them. safely on M'Grath's Hill. 