News in Brief. Foil chronic chest complaints Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. Is Gil.-Al>v. , Tnoorutt Tom Morris, who wua reeom* [ mended for tho Victoria Cross; and who r*> eo iUy arrived invalided from South Africa, h <a aufTorod u rolapsc, and is reported to bo1 seriously ill at Singloton. A hkhious firo has occurred at Mannia, a I town in the Tarunaki dist'ict., The liarik of New Zealand and a number of busings promises word destroyed, the losses amount-! log to about £5000. j An Afghan, Said Mahomed, was seioci^ by a camel at Quo, Western Australia. Tho, animal's j*ws completely sevorod .theiinafi'q scalp, and ho was removed to.tlio hospital sufTering from a fiucluro of the skull. i A sdlkmn inioroestory Bcrvioo (the com-! munion tablo being drapod in black),' ;ia connection with tho massacres iu Chioaj was held iu St. Andrew's Cathedral, Sydney/ on Friday night, when the Primato delivered an impressive sormon to a large congrega tion. ' ' \ IT is contemplated by tho Government to submit a proposal to Parliament this weokj for tho despatch of 200 inon to Chioa; > Tho Sulamis has been chartered by the Imperial Govornmont for tho convoyatico of troopsj from New South Walos and Victoria. IE tho voto should be paKsod, our men «vilf go,! thoroforo, by that steamer. Thk fourth trial of Mrs. Isabella Elizubothj Downey, on a olmrge of murdorin^ Ellen, f Butler, a singlo woman, 23, by performing; au illogul operation, was oonoludod at the' Melbourne Criminal Court on Friday, beforo Mr. Justicc Hodges. Tho cvidcnco given was similar to the other trials. Eventually accused was found not* guilty and die-, charged. A LAD named Newton Dice, aged about' seven yoars, the adopted child of Mr. M., Farley, was accidentally drowned in Wind! J Joe's Crook, near Rosedale, Victoria, onj I Friday, morning; Ho wont out ulouo . to! I drive,homo a cow, and on boiug missed a' search was mado by' Mrs. Farley, whodisj covered his body in tho creek, Efforts wore mado to restoro animation without avail. Mh. J. 1). Jacquot, tho geological sur voyor, 1 in his report on > tho iron deposits of,tho colony, states, that oxtensivo deposits | occur near Careoar. Ho estimates that thoro 'aro 2,571,000 tons of oro1 in' sight oriough'to keep at least ! furnace, consuming 200 tons of oro por wook,<in!.workfor'25 ears,. Ho is of,opinion.that pig-iron ,could e produced from the ore ut Llthgow at a cost of £2 8s por Lou. "/ THK Minister . for L'inds stated/ in! the Hbusb that 777,899 acres of the West'Bogan scrub lands in?' tho central' division - have ; been: cleared, and.that. 435,722 acres havo i boon takeu up for improvement .lease,, re turn^ 6.9 per cent, ou the wages oxppu-. dituro, oxclusivo of cost of supervision! ? 105,210 acres-arb to be offered on; improve ment leosout public auction at Nyogan on July ,'JO next, and;,the balance of 1*10,058 uores will bo ollurcd shortly. Groat.Cicsar's,Ghost,!. poor waaUd frame, . That onco full vigour did possess,' O&n;'b bo a man in else but uamo,' His cough has brought him such distress. Tho undortuker smiles.to. think . Noxt winlor's coid,he'll, not onduro,, ,,, Oh ! ne'er say die, but iako u driuk , . Of W.; E, Woods' Great Poppbrinint'Curo. The South Australian ? I'fomior has,.,ror ubived a telegram! from tho Govornmont Resident in tho Northern Territory,'.Beating that throe blaoks on board Mr. 'IJradshaw's launch ou tho Daly River, i at midnight on . July 11th, throw ono of tho -two, Europeans on the bout into tho river, Tho man caught a dingy hanging astern, but tho ropo was out. Ho paddled to the mangroves,, whoro ho was picked up. Ho does not know what bccamo of tho launoh and the othor Euro* pean. A uttlk . girl' named Nauiiiann, who rosideswith lior parents,' near Kagto Point, Viotoria, was tho victim' of a serious ucoi denton Friday night. Hor'/brothqr;"Fred.| Naumunn, was loading a gun to shoot nativ'o oais(whon bysomo moans' ono of tlio barrels went off,-portion of tho chargo entering^ tho. .litilo girls foot; und Hhutterihg . it budly.; Medical assistance was sought at' once, and Mr. Duncan, M.I>, . arriving, .promptly, attohded to the, child's injuries.,, Ho removed a quantity of shot from thu injured momber. 8m Julian Salomons^ arrived in Adeluido by tho K.M.S. India -on Saturday morning. Ho had a vory pleasant voyage, ond! told a piofls representative that ho was very pleased at .the prospcct of getting homo after IS months' absonoo, Ho said that ho had very little tn add to what 'had beon cabled about his doings. " My attitude as to tho Commonwealth Bill," ho said,'"is' well known to fcht people wf Now South Wales. Iain still of tho opinion that it has' gravo defocts, but consider it tho duty of allj whatovor their opinions may bo on tho question, to work wholodieurtedly for. tho ' success of federation, forgetting previous differences. Tho defects of the bill are, as I suid, grave, but I hopo that they will soon bo remedied when tho Federal Parliament meets." 1 . Tin; livelicbt meeting ovor bold in tho Guodagai council took plaeo on Friday night, whon a full council was prosobt to deal with the allegations mudo against tho council elork and inspector of nuisances by tho Mayor, and with tho dofonco of thoso oIliuerH, who, a week ago, woro suspended by tho Mayor. A vast orowd assembled in tlio precincts of tlio chamber,and disgraceful eoooca occurrcd. Charges aod .acounatiuus were hurlod across tho table by aldormon, and all sorts, of mot ivos imputed. Tho council sat nearly thrco hours, and bitter feeling and porsonal acrimony provailed. Tho Mayor made a big list of allegations against tho council clerk, and ultimately his suspension was endorsed, by 5 votes to 4. The complaints agaiusb the inspector of nuisances were not so great, and bin suspen sion was removed by 5 votes to ,4. Tho Mayor took a vory firm attitude,- euontond* ing that aldermen who supported offending olliuora wero offering an insult to tho . chair. | A mkktino to consider, designs and specifications for tho propoaod soldiers' memorial'was hbld at CJundagai on Friday. Thoro was a very largo attendance of sub scribers. Home beautiful designs woro I submitted. It is expected that tho inonu> niotit will bo tho finest of its kind in the colony. The meeting occupied throe hours in considering the designs, and ultimately Bolocted thoso of three competitors-Nixon and Allen, Sydney; Ambrose Truo, Gun dagai; and W. 1'. Macintosh, of Forest ! Lodge. The design of Nixon aud Allen was finally selected. It provider far a hand some obelisk iu marble, standing 18ft. (Jin. higli, of commanding proportions, tho pedestal richly ornamented with columns sot in bus relief. There aro panels for iu scriplion, with statuary emblematical of tho regiment of Australian Horse. At tho Ijaso of tho obelisk tho accoutrements of tho regiment aro represented. Thu total cost for this design in Jul35, oxclumvo of ourriuge. A deputation will uak tho Colonial Secre tary that the mouumout ohould bo carried free upon thu railway. On tho day of un» veiling, a groat demonstration will be held ut Gundagai. AUTHENTIC MUDICAL OPINIONS WOIVVH KNOWING.-l)r. Osbomt says : "I use SANDEK & SONS' KUCALYPXI I5XTKA0T as n spray for nasal oatarrh, low fevor, asthma, Ac., with groat success. I find this preparation superior to all others." Dr. Staid: ** I have used various preparations of Kucalyptus, but I get hotter results from SANDliR & SONS1 KUCA LYPTI KXTKACT than from any othor." Dr. Preston : "I never use any KuealyptiiB preparation other than SANDKK & SONS', as I found tho othors to bo almost useless.' Dr. Hart: "It goes without saying that SAND13U & SONS' EUCALYPTI 1CX TKAOT is tho best in tho market." See that you got SANDEK & SONS', and reject spurious preparations which aro sometimes supplied by unscrupulous dealors. 