THE FEDERAL EXHIBITION. Tuesday night witnessed tb« closing of the Federal Exhibition. The attend- ances throughout the week, especially during the evenings, were very satisfac- tory, and the stallholders did a very fair business. On Tuesday afternoon the punils of Miss Annie Stafford gare a musical entertainment with the assist- ance of Miss Kentall (vocaliste) and Miss Susie Moore. Though all of the perfor- mers were more or less nerrons, they ac- quitted themselves wei!, and the inter- pretation of the various classical pieces submitted reflected the highest credit on Miss Stafford's instruction. Among the specially meritorious items, mention may be made of Miss Phoebe Holmes's solo, Chopin's Nocturne in E flat, played with muon grace and expression ; a Ron dino in B, op 28, No. 2 (Sterndale Ben- nett), which served to display Miss Bertha-*roofcing's clear touch and neat execution to advantage; and the finale from Sonata in G (Haydn), excellently given by Miss Bose Burgess. Miss Bunnie Holmes contributed Field's Bon do in B fiat, ont excessive serronsneis marred what would undoubtedly hare been a very commendable performance. Other .pieces given were a pianoforte ; ouêV 'fCoianatii^ Misses Holmes,- solo, '.'Allegro Brillante in D" (Cipriani Potter). Miss Bessie Moore ; and "Valse in A:jninor,~Dp 84" (Chopin1). -Miss Daisy Courthope. Miss Bielsall lent pleasant variety to the en- tertainment by singing two vocal num- bers, "Lovely Spring" (Coenen) and "Nobil Signor," accompanied afc the piano by Miss Susie Moore, and the lat- ter lady save as a pianoforte solo Grieg's "Spring bong," playing it with artistic effect and true musical feeling. In the evening the hall was densely crowded, the attraction being "Mrs. Jar ley's Waxworks," arranged by Mrs. G. Leake and Mr. Bedding. Prior to the waxworks being shown, the following ex- hibition of fancy dancing was given by juvenile pupils of the Misses Boyle and Hart:-Polish Dance, Highland Fling Gavotte, Scarf Dance, Irish Jig, Sailors' Hornpipe, Skipping-rope Dance, and Tambourine Dance. AU of the children received rounds of applause at the con- clusion of their dances, and seemed io enjoy their share in the proceedings quite as fully as the spectators did. Mr. Geo. Jjeake introduced "Mrs. Jarley" to the audience in a humorous speech, add on that lady (who was impersonated by Mr. Sedding) making her appearance, fearfully and wonderfully attired', the fun commenced. Each of the figures in the waxworks were carried on to the stage by two of Mrs. Jerky's assistants (Messrs. F. B. Barlee and Tony*Forrest> and their mechanical actions, alter being wound up and oiled, were excellently maintained. The following is a list Of the figures shown and their impersona- tors : -"Ally Sloper," Mr. Percy Stone: "William Tell and his Son," Mr. H. Wilkinson and Master Leake; "Mary and her Little Lamb," Miss Shenton, "ThreeLittle Maids" ("The Mikado"), Misses Burt, F. Shenton, and Prinsep, "Hamlet. Ophelia, and the Ghost," Mr. Lefroy, Miss Strickland, and Mr. Ash- ton ; "Dancing Nigger," Mr. L. Forbes ; "Music Lesson," Miss Tiny Shenton; "Nigger playing Bones," Mr. Ashton an excellent performance, and deserved- ly encored : "Queen Üäeenor and Fair Rosamund," Misses Strickland and M. Shenton; "Dancing Girl," Miss Cole (this tinv girl was placed upon the stage enveloped in sheets of tissue paper like a large doll, and after being unwrapped she performed a skirt dance very pret- tily, and was subsequently much ap- plauded) ; "Kruger and Bobs." tile latter mounted on a rocking-horse, Messrs. H. Wilkinson and L. Hughes; 'Constable;" with Bong and tin whistle solo, Mr* Ash- ton. The arduous role of Mrs* Jerley found an able exponent in Mr. Sedding, who managed, by his humorous sayings and actions, to keep the large audience present thoroughly amused throughout the exhibition of the figures. Mrs. Waltham played the requisite musical accompaniments. Immediatel- after the fall of the curtain most of the remaining articles on the stalls were disposed of by auetion. Mr. Sedding soling a» auc- tioneer. 