raDJSR FATJ» WHEEL. I By LAWRENCE L. LYNCH. I Author of " Against Odds," " No Proof, V -&C;, &c.; ' I. ' '.' W1 ÜHWPTBR XX. .' " Beginning to Burn." ' "'Öno ia pretty sure to be alone hore, i fancy," says Aunt Cass, always the pink of .courtesy to strangers, however much ano onay enub her friends, " unle-s it may b3 Iby some chance like this of outre."' She is making mental note of the pretty stranger while she speaks. " It ii so far from town, you see." Inwardly her thoughts run thus : " Pretty ra'Dher, (but looks ill. iBruncltte, good styie, good taste, balf-mourning," l'or there is a Uititle white vest peeping out from the wtll tfitting jacket, a scrip of white lawn at the ¡throat, and a snowy aigrette standing up (from the little toque set back upon the head of black and waving ihair. c "lama strangor hore," the lady is pay- ing, "lan'd find tho time iheavy upon my (hands. SanreUmes I thirik those doclor3 are not iso wise after all ; wihea one is ill one should be amused, not banished. I ¡hope you will pardon me," a sudden note of restralint coming into 'her voice ; " I am thrusting my own personal grievances upon you, as if I knew you." " Tlhore'fe no reason iw hy you should ndt," says Aunt Cass composedly. " I am Miss Cassandra Chetw.vnde, of the villa-' Beach Villa' some call it ; it's really not' a villa after all." " Miss Chet-" the stranger starts, and iher colour changes a 'bit, "'Milss-did you eay Chet-" '¿he iha'lts again on tihe last eyilalble. " Chet-wyn'de," says the spinster eon cfsely. " Is the name familiar to you ?" T'be social thermometer la suddenly a't zero. " Oh, I beg your pardon ! * I will not .deny what must be quite iplain to you. I Wave heard tihe name of IChötiwynde ; I have iheard that sad story, and to me It seemed like a fauft." 'A small ibhie-gloved uland goes to the dark eyes, and 'Une pretty worn .face is turned awa>. "Miss Chetwynde, ¿on't think me a common gossip, a hunter after sensations ! Your brother's death waa so like my own love. My husband was ïound-dead, like that." And the ice was broken. Impulsive, warm-hearted Aunt Cass explains her re , lationship to the dead mau. Madam gives ber'name, her card. She is stopping at a country house, on the outskirts of Lake .ville ; she drove out this morning with a hired pony and her luncheon to explore the wood ; she had not meant to come so far , but, being here, decided to drive on to Lee. She had never visited Lee-unless she can ' find shelter somewheio nearer-she is used to driving about alone, and the country Is so " sweet and safe." In her husband's life- time they often lived in a tent a part of'the. summer. It was a fad of his, too. " I fear I shall not have tho heart for that any more!" she says, slgMng heavily. "Ah, Miss Chetwynde, I must talk of something else." And now she interests herself in the green mounds about her, and the names upon them, and presently they have reached Felix Chetwynde's grave, and the spinster starts with a sudden exclamation. " What is it, Miss Chetwynde ? Ah ! the Ibpautiful flowers. It is some new- made grave, then ? some young girl's, perhaps ? Surely, only a lover's hand would shower foses, red .roses, like that !" and she stoops above the mound, as if drinking in the rich- ness of the great cluster of crimson roses lying loosely upon the mound. And this time it is the spinster's tongue that is loosed, and she tells of her surprise, her wonder, at sight of those crimson loses. For they do not come from Hope, " his sister," nor from herself, nor, she is sure of it, " they do not come from Redlands." " Red-lands ?" the stranger i epeats the name slowly. " Such strange name.3-to me ! But, Miss Chetwynde, are they not penhaps from-from t'he young lady- icv,.- ? He was engaged, I think they told me, and loved her so dearly, they said. Poor girl !" If there is an influence, an ungodly power, which will send Aunt Cassandra's temper and patience up into the nineties it is the hearing of unauthorised gossip-about her own. Of course, she knew very well the truth and the error of all this ! But how should all the ftikeside know so much ? Im- patience came in and discretion flies out. " I can't fancy how such rumours speed trom a mere nothing!" she savs testily. " My nephew was deeply in love with a most charming young lady, but-it is wrong'to let the idea go out that she Is, or was, en- gaged to him ! She is a sweet and lovely girl, and would have done us all honour by accepting him ; but she never did." , " And-he died-loving lier still ?" " I fear there's little doubt of that." "And yet-these, you say, are not her flowers ?" _ " She will never place flowers on his grave. I fear." "But why-why not ?" " Because," looking down at the grave, and finding a sort of relief in speaking out to this passing sympathiser-" because-I'm afraid he made her- almost with his last act-very unhappy ! Hurt her beyond re- pair-almost." " What ! Madam ! Miss, do you mean do you menn that he trifled with her ?-that ho wrecked her life-even-" " Madam !" all the .proprieties have re- turned to their wonted seats, and Aunt Cas- sandra realises what she has done-Is doing, but theie is no stopping now. "How can you imagine such a thing ? But you are a stranger ! Lorna Hilton could never be- come a toy, a tool, a plaything in any man's hands, least of all in Felix Chetwynde's. On the conti ai y, It was he who lost, first his heait, and then his head !" For a long moment the stranger stands with her head bowed, her face turned away. Then she comes a step nearer. . " Won't you forgive me ?" she says brokenly, and her eyes, are full of a dull pain. " I am a very miserable woman I have been tiying to foi got my own grief by interesting myself in other's-and their sonows ; and now I have offended the onlv woman-the only lady who has been kind to me in all this lonely week ' I will not intrude upon you longer-I will go." And Aunt Cassandra veers round again. | Feli\ Chetwynde's name and his affairs are i stopped by mutual consent, and, instead, the I spinster talks upon a, to her, -delightful thorne-the bicycle. " I never could ride," tho pretty strang'!' affirms. " I am too great a coward, too , nervous, and-I don't think I could everv learn to lova the o\eicise. To me it lcoks all labour." ' . ' " Ah !" the spinster shal.es her hsad '"I thought so once, and said that I would never, never ride a wheel. Indeed, I.bogan it under-a-well almost- against,my will, but-" " Against your will, Miss Chetwynds ? How-how was that ?" the other asks breathlessly, and peering earnestly into the spinster's face. .' Do you mean that some ono made jou ride-coerced you ?" . iThcrc is a wary look new in the eyes of the little spinster, but she only utter3 a little half-laugh. " Sometimes," she says, quite amiably, cons dering her distaste for personal queries -" sometimes, you know, we elderly and lorn women come under a dictatorship as tyrannous na Juggernaut, and when we have nieces, nephows, grandchildren who are bent upon making us young-«well, it Is a tyranny ; but a well meant and most affec- tionate sort. I'm properly grateful, now, at all events." And they begin to talk about the lake. When Aunt Cass leaves the cemetery Mrs. Myers is driving her pony towards Lee. The two part with utmost friendliness. The spinster has Instructed her just how, by tak- ing an upper road, to reach Lee " with least ciicumlocutlon," and has kindly asked her to call on her way back to Lakevllle next day. And now we find Aunt Cass sitting oppo- site her nleco, with no mind to tell all of her afternoon's adventures, and quietly skipping her encounter with the pretty (brunette widow In favour of the story of the roses. ¡"Perhaps they're from some one at Lee," .Hcpe hazards, when the f/.ct had been an- nounced. " One could find out, I suppose, at the greenhouses." " I don't believe anyone at Lee would carry such an immense bunch of great half blown, deep-red roses, all of one colour and ¡kind," her aunt objects, and at the mention of the " deep-red roses" Hope Is so long silent that Aunt Cass plunges Into a recital of her meeting with Mrs. Myers, not giving the story in full, and dwelling less upon their conversation than upon the good looks of the lady, and the evidences of past suf- fering that her lace still bore, thus witness- ing to the truth of her tale. " And why, pray, should it not be the truth ?" Hope asks, somewhat Impatiently. " It's only another summer boarder, aunt ; we shall have them In every house pre- sently." And then she lapses into a " train of meditation," which her aunt seems too indolent or too well occupied with her own thoughts to wish to break ; and, as those thoughts continue . to . be of' the lady of the cemetery, she is a little surprised when Hope suddenly sits erect and begins : "Aunt Cass!" Now, Hope has three forms of address for her aunt, as well as three degrees of warmth, and it is the em- phasis, in part, that marks the differenct-. When she is in her absorbed and direct mood she says " Aunt Cass," the last word slightly explosive, and then you know that Hope Is occupied, and wantb a direct answer. When she says " Aunt Cassle," she is lan- guid, amiable, and probably idle. But when sha says " Aunt" Cassandra ! the question is beyond argument, and the battle must b-> to the strong. - Aunt Cass starts, then, when Hope utters her name- with that little explosive accent upon it. " Well, my dear !" growing suddenly wary in her turn. *" At what time did you reach the grave and find-the red roses upon It ?" " At"-Aunt Cass consults her timepiece gravely. " I can't say to a moment. I left Mrs. Hilton at half-past 3 ; and-my dear, you must hear about this ghost !" " Presently, auntie. Now, how long were you in reaching the grave-after you entered the cemetery gate ?" " Well, I declare ! Let me see. Fifteen minutes, I fancy." - " And-the rpses-they were quite fresh, you say ?" " Quite ! As fresh as possible." " Um ! And the lady-how long had she been there ?" " Just arrived ; oo she said. I did not see lier when I first led my wheel in. I was looking after that." v "Oh!" groans Hope. "Those wretched bicycles, they manage to thwart me, to get In my way-quite too often !" " Well, 'the pretty widow won't get In your way, at 'least, on a ' b'lke' ; she dis- likes them, too. Though not so hotly as yourself." " On euch a day as this," says Hope, un- heeding and oracular, " such a cluster of roses, cut over so freshly, and laid upon the earth in ? the sun- more or less-were they in the sun ?" " Yes ! I declare-they -were ; part of them at least." " Then, Aunt Cassandra, they had not been on that grave one hour !" "Hark !" There are steps and voices outside, .al- though the hour Is growing late for callers: Hope moves towards the portiere, but it swings apart, and Sheriff Cook stands in the doorway-Sheriff Cook-and behind him Mrs. Myers. "Good evening," he says, genially, as Is his wont. Among tho ladies he is always a beau of the old school. Miss Cassandra Chetwynde, I bring you a waif, a stray. She was violently endeavouring to steer her bark Into Lee by your chart and compass, and was coming to grief when I came by, a good Samaritan for once, and rescued her." There are politely formal greetings, and, presently, it is made clear that Mrs. Myers has mistaken the road, and ithat her pony, having- talken frt/ffht, had first scampered to the very outskirts of the villa igardem, and then overturned the phaeton. .That Sheriff 'Cook, ,whose title is not -made taiown to IMm. Myers, ihavinK appeared timely and gallant, 'has ventuied to bring 'the lady straight to their door. '* In íact," he says, at the end of .his little speech. "'I call it'a lucky mishap, madam Mrs. Myers ; for the town of Lee is filled | to-night WiJh wheelmen, and you wouJd have found at difficult to secure quarters there suited to a lady. You've fallen into good hands, I do as.suro you, ma'am." " And you are both most welcome." It is (Hope who speaks. Hope who, with a swift .glance toward her aunt, and a swift ¿*tcp forward, stands for a moment facing tihe sheriff-and Ibetween him and the strange lady." "You are very/welcome, fcoth," the words are pointed by a keen look in his face, and then she turns towards Mrs. Myerp. . "JHcw ifortunaie, Mr* Myers, that our friend was on hie way to us just at this time ! It Is not often that he honours us with his company for longer than a luncheon or dinner ; but I supnoré the cyclers have driven vou out-ci (Lee too. air. Cook, al- though vour note did net tell me that " " I should like to know wbaí 'it did oay," think« tho astonished sheriff ; "but he plays into her bauds HVe the Iborn actor he is, and socn 'there is a little circle about the library table, and tea Is served for the (benefit of Mrs. Myers. While she 'is 3lpping this Hope telegraphs to her aunt, mutely, but quite clearly it would seem, and after a anoment rises, and turns to the sheriff. " I know you do not (keep late hours, Mr. Cook ; and so. If you will come with me, J will ijjut the papers and letters at once in your bands, and-If you don't m.tii<3, you mcji' occupy my brother's rojui. at least his study, and look over the papers as long or as little as you Uko. I'm very ¿lad that you could find lYo time to come and to help us." She murmurs an npologv. to Mrs. Myers, promises to return soon, and lh-3 two po out and down rhe hall to the morn InR-room. " Now." says tho sheriff, when he has looked up and down the 'hall before closing the door. "What Is it, Alise Chetwynde 7" " First," oaigerly, " you «an stay here to-night, can you not ?" " If you noed'me-yes." " Listen," conning closer and lowering her volco to tho merest whisper, " I told you of the bov who 'came hare to talke a last look at my (brother on ihe day ho was burled ?" " Yes. Your biother had been good to bim, you said." I " And-he said-ono thing I did not tell you, because, at the moment. It seomed just a natherie little placo of sentiment." " And-do you see It differently now ?" " You ghall hoar ! .Aunt Cassandra visited the cemetery this afternoon, and- she found the grave strowod with red roses ; deep red, hothouse roses." " Ah !" Ibending suddenly towards her, " and what else ?" " The thing I omitted /to tell you about that boy is this. Whon he thought I did not see bim, he put a single deep-red rose inside the coffin-lid, pushing It quickly out of sight." " Miss Chetwynde, you were wrong In withholding that bit of a clue!" " I fear so. I shall not repeat the error. Whon you arrived at our door just now, iMr. Cook, my aunt had just been telling mo ,that when she arrived at the cemetery Mrs.' Myer3 was there before her." " And the flowers ?" " And the flowers !" He stands a moment looking down Into her face. Then ho asks, " Is this all ? Be careful, now, little things count in these casos. Think !" "There's this one thintr. It may. or may not, be of value. My brother's fav- ourite flower was the red rose." " Ah, ha ! we're ' beginning to burn,' as the children say." " And this I3 just my suspicion. I am almost sure that tho boy and this woman are In some way connected. Mr. Cook, can- not you look through my brother's desk and boxes to-night ?" " It's just what I mean to do ! and I must have a llttlo talk with you after your guest is stowed away for the night ; and," put- ting his hand upon a nervously throbbing wrist, " rest easy, Miss Hope ! old man Cook's to the fore, no one will come In to your brother's rooms to-night, and nothing will be taken out except by me." " Don't ask questions, Aunt Cass," says Hope, wearily, when their guests have been disposed of for the night, and the two were again alone To-morrow there'll be so much to say, but first I'll tell you that I went to Le«-' to- day to give the sheriff carte blanche, and to turn all of Fee's letters and papors over to him for Inspection." " Oh ! so that's why ho came to-night, is it ?" " No, it is not ! His coming Is quite un- expected to me. But I asked him to stay, and the letters and papers give" me the ex- cuse I needed . for putting him In Fee's Tooms." " But why there ? There are' other rooms." " True ; but they do not need guarding." " Guarding ! Upon my word, Hope Chet- wynde, I believe you take that poor little woman for a female housebreaker !"_> Hope turns away with a weary gesture. " Auntie, I can't talk to-night. I want to think ! And things are becoming so strangely confussd. To-morrow we will talk and I will explain everything so far as I can. And please, Aunt Cissle, try and re- call everything that passed between 'yourself and this stranger ; every word she said, so that you can tell it to Mr. Cook and myself as soon as she goes, for as sure as you live I believe that woman pat the red roses upon Fee's grave, and that she is the mys- terious Inez !" "? (To be continued.) 