St. Paul's Ohureh of England THE RELATION OF THE CHURCH TO POLITICAL QUESTIONS. There was a good congregation at St, Paul's on Sunday evening, when tbe Rev Nigel D. Herring preached- on "The relation of the Church to some political questions of the day." The sermon was based on Duet. XL, 26—28—'-Behold, I set before you this day a blessing and a curse—a blessing, if ye obey the commandment of the Lard your God -a cane, if y®. will not obey tbe commandment of tbe Lord your God." It will be obvious to all, said Mr Herring, why this subject has been selected. During t))e course of this week Victoria will be shaken to her centra with tbe selection of repesentatlves who are during the next three years to legislate for her. It is a delicate and difficult matter to deal -with politics in any shape from the ipulpit, for we mast' be careful to maintain its dignity and not to maki it an engine of faction. Yet it seems to me my duty as a minister of Christ, from which I cannot shrink, to bring before yoa some matters, which are not the views of Bome one particular party, with perhaps one exception, and that Scriptural education, but which are of interest to us not only as Christians bat as Christian citizens, matters of right or wrong which affect the moral and social well-being of the community. And so when the Church of Christ comes to realise its relationship to some of the political questions of the day, she must-speak with no uncertain sound- Sectarianism is a curse to Christianity, and so is faction to tbe nation. Each legislator legislates for the country, not for a district. Each legislator holds bis franchise as a sacred trust to be exercised not for his town or for a faction of bis town, not for himself or for his friends, bul for the good of his notion. We must not be biassed by party considerations; by asking what charity a candidate supports, by asking how he views some local question (though this is important), by asking whether he is a member of this denomination or of that. Let as keep such arguments in the background and let us ask how his return will affect the country as a whole, whether be supports those measures which will help to build up the public morality, and a higher tone in tbe community, or whether he is a promoter of some retrograde movements, which cannot, but have some evil result upon the youth and rising generation of the State. The Eternal Righteousness of God is unalterable, and we "are called open this weak to exercise a deeply religious duty, to vote for .the right. We cannot shirk our responsibility. If a thing is wrong, all the popular sentiment in the world cannot make it right. Let us beware lest we follow the multitude to do evil. Let us vote in accordance with that Eternal principle/the Righteousness of God, and obtain the blessing that is set before us this day, and by so doing avert the cause for disobedience. Many questions are eagerly debated in the minds of men at present, but there is one which the Christian feels deeper than any other, viz., How to obtain the will of the people as truly representative of the Will of God. There is no other question at last but this. And, mark you, we shall not obtain this by manœuvring, trickery, or cunning and deceit to defeat the cause which we believe to be the wrong one, bat by each doing all that in him lies to arouse himself and others to a high sense of responsibility. And this solemn responsibility is religious so s far as each man discharges hii part u a-duty. And if looked on in tljig spirit bjr the higher classes, would the debauchery and the drunkenness which we see fostered by all f parties, especially among the poor, for their g «wn purposes be possible ? Would they for the sake of one vote, aye of a thousand votes, m brotsliae thdrfeUJow creaturesAnd there is another olfenoe wbitii st election time we p see to the fare, and one whiah men very often wink at. My brethren, bribery Is a sin—a sin against God. Hear-what a well-known English divine has said of it. It is a sin, "not became a particular law-has been made against it, bat because it lowers the sense of personal responsibility, blinds the conscience, dethrones the God within the man's soul, and erects selfishness and greed add Interest in Si* stead. And whathcr yoa do it d o t u t directly or indirectly—directly l^iriT indirectly by withdrawing assist*^ t patronage — you sin against Christ" There are then, brethren, several qaeati ' which the Church of Christ must, ^ finding, her relationship thereto, iu obedim to the two great Commandments w towards God (which includes obedient love towards man, speak decidedly unon Tbe .first which I bring before u religious instruction in our State schools r regret that tbe Roman Catholic attitude defined by their Bishop of Ballarat, it *'one of uncompromising opposition." But how ever, I think there was hardly need fórthii definition when we take into cowi-W™ their attitude to the Royal Commission granted by Parliament. That (Wis™ was appointed by the late Parliament to see H it were possible to arrange for and dr*» 0D a syllabus of Bible lessons for use in the State schools. Of the 14 dm*',nation, • invited to send representatives 13 »ccepted and the R.C's. alone refuged. This seems life uncompromising opposition, surely ! now, when the Commission has done iti work, and, as churchmen and women, wc must rejoice at their unanimity, con«itteńn» the wide diversity of opinions held by tbe 13 representatives, the R.C's., a fifth of the com. munity, step in and say the lessons will haTt the effect of Protestantising the State schools Why did not Archbishop Carr or a rtpK'. tentative of his communion attend, and there explain their difficulties ? They would hare been given a fair hearing, and have received every consideration. But, no, " uncompromising opposition" was their platform. A, fair-minded men and women we all recognise the right* of a minority, but when that minority deliberately stands aside from the Commission appointed, seeking, 00 doubt, % capitation grant, are we recognising the rights of the majority if we allow the pies of their fancied ill-treatment to deter us from going forward 7 Brethren, we are a Christisu nation—at least we call ourselves 90—and am we worthy of the name wc beat il vt do not seek once more to baTe our children taught somewhat o£ these blessed truths which have made the British nation the first power in the world, a povver for the truth and spread of the Gospel 1 We believe that G-id is. Let us teach the children solet them not be little heathens. We believe in the efficacy of the Sacrifice of Christ for the sins of the whole world. L;t us teach the children so, that they be not Unitarians. We believe in the eanctifving influence and power of the Holy Ghost, the Giver of Life. Let us teach the children bo, that as tbev grow up they may become sanctified ai becometh the children of God, Kor mj own part, I wish the Commission had found it possible to arrange for the teaching of dogma, for an undenominational system his its evils and drawbacks. I hare grave fesrs lest it will prove a hotbed for sectarianism in a more advanced stage than that in which it exists st present, and perhaps it may hive to account for schism in times to come; bot of this I am convinced that it will nis moral tone of the community, and therefore it is to be hailed with delight as a vast improvement upon the present system. And, again, it is a giving back to Gol ol that which we have robbed Him of, His rightful place in the national institutions of the State. Oh, let us strive for the biasing which is set before us ! Let me answer here a probable objection. It ha; been said, Why change the present system, why not let the clergy continue their efforts' 1 am afraid, however, that such an objector does not know what the present system is. Let us take our own town and surroundings, .There is a large State school, three of the dergy attend, and, I believe, one layman, to give instruction. But what if this wonderful boon that the State has graciously allowed us? One quarter of,an hour at the mi 0/ the day's tcork once a toeefc.' How is it possible to get any systematic teaching in eo limited a space of time, and when their minds are filled with history, geography, or arithmetic, tired out with the diy's learning! And, to go farther, I suppose there are half s dozen State schools around Kyneton that we should get access to, and what is to become of our parish work when .we are hurrying over the country to give a quarter of an hour's lesson in some little wayside school seven ot eight miles from the centre of our a'ari: So, brethren, the present system 'n only a makeshift. Let us be definite aud return those candidates who will support the measure of religious instruction iu our State schools. Brethren, we owe it to God, to the Christ who hath redeemed us. to tbe Sol; Ghost who sanctifies us to be in earnest here. We cannot escape our responsibility, and, if we seek to, we will bring down a curse upoii our nation, for M those who despise God shall bs lightly esteemed." Leaving this subject, we pass on to several of social and moral character, but which demand our attention hanlly Ipss emphatically. There i! an evil in our midst, happily not so formidable as it was, called stealing, the oppression of the poor by the rich, of the employe by the employer. -The prophets of the old dispensation spoke in no measured terms of the oppression of the poor and needy by those in affluent and authoritative positions. Jeremiah/in speaking (of this matter) of those who have waxen rich, says—They judge not the cause of the fatherless, yet they proper, and the right of the needy do they pot judge." Shall I not visit for these things I saith the Lord; Shall not my wul be avenged on such a nation as thisAnd why are the poor oppressed? •Simply because they are poor and have no means of redress. Oh, brethren, when we permit this evil ol sweating in our very midst, can we say we love our neighbor as ourselves? Can we dare think that the Lord will not visit for these things ? This is, perhaps, one of the greatest social questions of the day, sod no one of as can repudiate our responsibility in this matter. Without a shadów of doubt we are ia this respect our " brother's keeper." Oh, let as remember that we are one in Christ Jeans, and that the poor needewoman or factory girl stand in God's eyes oa the ame level as we 4q, aąd if iq tłje presence of a fisgraot evil gqch as tbjs we Ifolij our peace, we 'are verily guilty. Ąn illustration u)ay serve to show wtfat I n;eau. fn tlje manuacture of pottery a certaig }pnd of ieadlaxing is used, and we are tbe effects of lead poisoning. In the anufacture of common wax matches, unless precautions are taken, tbe fames of the pbaehoroas eat away the bones of tbe faoe. Pottery may be made and glazed without anger,,matches can be manufactured with, ut fear of disease, yef how many take the rouble to find out whether what they are sing are not branded with tbe torture of heir feHo*-m«n? No individual can ie* pudiatc his responsibility if ba porcbaMI -^Bre cheap, becTO-ftey m H** , bj sweated labor or under ^oditioas. There ate many vaya ^ L cheap labor from employ** " A" Mmoawealtb o' recent date in- Trjil-knowo draper's shop in Meln.hicb there are no teathan 40 tftag from 64 IOi fer^ "ł ^Mi very often IgirlB earning bom \- 1 per fftót find their wage«Mlo*»s fcoiringtothił monstroas ayatem. "there »the system of taking young tot" shops to gain experience. The r „oeiłes their work,.but they receive «s. Is not that gross sweating, espe- P erhapi 'at 1110 61111 ot the year «Mi« intimation lhaltheir 8erTioe3 are retired J And, again, there la the ' fcborer. I finl by another laaue of ^Commonwealth" that the average męt * laborer ia 10a—15s per week lor '"L- of 10 — 15 boars per day. Why ldtbit m,a not hare the same rightsas cho works under the eight hours' .CSS " factories Acts and Trades Onions have 9®' j ti,e hardens of many of onr fellowbat we mast not leave all to . SttlŁ We ate bound as . Christians nuke enquiries if necessary conr dne l,ie We b ° y * ,eSt We U be partakers in their evil deeds. T^monwealtlTconclndes*inible article ^Uu iwris, "It is far easier to bhy in the jl«t market regardlessof con<Vuions, but wla' 11 the responsibilities of these couojeachone of us. If it be difficult juplessant, as it is, to ask questions beapurehase. it ia another instance of 'how cdit i» to he a Christian.' Bat we cannot, ,Jt eT&de; Cbriit's law, «I am my ter's keeper.'" Another evil we must minst as members of Christ's Church at ol allowing the opening of hotels on {ojir! i st certain hoars. Without "doubt retrograde movement, and one that (Jilt followedby tbe direst consequences, kpestest argument to be brought against jelhititis breaking the command, -Bejgite the Sabbath Day |to keep it holy." któreś, look at Snme of the Continental „jus st the present day wh:(2j profane the jjjgtb. Look at the state ot morality In ; froa-wi ask yourselves tbe question, do K jjjt that state of affairs in our own pnJ ronngcountry with all its possibilities 1 thousand times no, wonld say every ftnimamonget us. I feel glad that th BLfEinee societies are taking active iSSn®in this matter, and we need, brethren, eteontbe alert; we must not have our jjcttttten from us. We must keep intact fersAip and commands of God, and not ena the thin end of an evil in. Have cfejisliMrs forgotten that there is a God i Hoten above who will require at their iofcthii eril—the proposal to take away fen the people that '-Sabbath" that " tile for on!" If private individuals like" tint the Sabbath let us beware that the Satedoes not, even in tbe slightest way alio ate from us, or even a portion of the' iBumitj,» Gtti-siven institution. Of al- ^qual importance to ns as Cnristisns, is e proposal to legalise the totalisator. I tar the lore of gambling is very strong fcbetrteof mankind, very much so in t BSsol Australians, and I feel sore that we coot eradicate it by laws, but only through ihome life,-together with a strong rriigious Ung and a conviction of its evil natnre. 8sta,I speak what I know. I cac lay mj hufe ot the names of a number of yonne men *ko bait been rained through gamb- % Half tie embezzlements are the result of it, ud nuij of the suicides. It is a curte io&MiniuaJ; and the notion. Then why eaconsje s carte? Why seek to legalise nes i mcrfified form of a corse ! And above Ąirhr try to legalise it by throwing out a tę to the community in giving a certain per, eoUgeo! the earnings of|the totalisator to fa cbnities, as is done in South Australia ltesnisneH on the community, and their epport ot the charities. If oar charities are •ortt icpportin?, let ns rapport them by fiat giraig to God's poor pod afflicted ones, «s it s percentage of the earnings of that ńidiiiacurse to our nation. • Brethren, if puffing is a sin, why seek to classify diffaentkinds of gambling? Why prosecut iQummsQ for playing fan-tan while legaliffll the totalisator, an art union forchari te,nSingat bazaars for church or charity? taken, when oue feels strongly on a matte će usually expressed in strong language, and feGrarch of the Living God must speak ^ainstein in all shapes and forms. Until Rail community arouse ourselves from the h fehnxyisto which we have fallen, there cans f tot be the reform which Christianity da rmis. We are serrants professedly of God let a- arise and be doing, let as cast to tic Doles aad tbe bats all the idols of civili C aim, let us remember th4t we are not our wn, bnt bought with a price, Let ns do onr &ty; from s Christian standpoint st the elected booths .during the coming week, n bring what men will say, bnt fearing in, fcithedispleasureotourGod if through fear •tonal policy we fall below the standard of w holy calling in Christ Jesus. No Qratan can be absolved from taking a keen ®nat in politics, and in the name of Christ 1W yon stand for the right. By every fair •"•M and jnst effort in yoorpowerseekto re-' 'oa as legislators those men who have a true Swpof what the Righteousness of God is, u3 men who, even in the face of opposition • *31itand oat baldly ^gainst, sa in whatever fa® it may present itself. In the name be true to your God, your profession* for country, your neighbor. 