THE WITH WHIOn IS" INCORPORATED TUESDAY, MARCH 13,1900. TxENDss.-The time for receiving ten: ders for the erection of a Catholic Chapel at 'Moe has been extended to Friday, 23rd inst. Mr D. Clarke, of Carrajung, via Rosedale, in. vites tenders for picking-up and burning off all fallen timber on about 400 acres, to be let in sections. Sr. PATICE's DAx RACEs.-The committee of ladies of St. Patrick's Day Festival will be gpeased to receive donations of cake, fruit, etc., for the refreshment booth, which may be left with the treasurer (Mrs Trumpy). The public can obtain substantial refresh. ments in the marquee on the ground at is, and light luncheon at 6d. PATeIorIc.-The members of the Warragul Masonic Lodge arranged a patriotic pro gramme after the ordinary business had been disposed of at their meeting on Friday night last, when several of the brethren sang suitable patriotic airs. Bro. Ilife rendered the "Absent Minded Beggar," the response to which resulted in the sum of two guineas being put in the tambourine, an additional one guinea having previously been voted by the lodge towards the Empire Patriotic Fund. Wresnson MaoAzcNE.-The February edition' of this periodical is again an excellent number, and contains amongst other sketches, ., Commandered by Kruger" (the strange ex perience of an Englishman in the service of the Boers), "The conquest of the Nile" (by John Ward, F.S.A.). and "The ghost of Eugene Aram," (a complete tale by Henry A. Hering). These and all other articles in the" Windsor" are profusely and elegantly illustrated, Mr F. H.'Small is the Warragul agent.' Canoccr.-The secretary of the Warragul Cricket Club desires to acknowledge with thanks the following contributions in aid of the funds of the club:--Mr E. Kelleher, Royal Hotel, Warragul, £1 is ; Mr F. H. Small, Warragul, 10s 6d; Mr Malcolm, Lardner, 10s. A minstrel performance is to be held on the night, of the Warragul races (April 11th) in aid of the funds of the club, and a very strong circle has 'already' been formed, and under the tuition of Mr Dodds members are now practising assiduously. An Erssoa.-In our show report last week, the judge of dairy cattle was reported to have passed some very complimentary remarks on the winner of the test comhpetition, mentioned on' the prize list as" best dairy cow," and owned by Mr H. R. Rogers.. His commends. tions,we now learn, referred to the animal owned by Mr J. Henry, of Pakenham, the winner of the section for" the best dairy cow in the yard." When giving our representative the information, .Mr Gyton spoke of the animal as that which secured the award' for the " best dairy cow,"hence the istake. A TrPicAs RIrcr.us.-In an English illustrated paper recently issued there is a photo of a Victonan Mounted Rifleman as a type of the Australian mounted men, who are doing suchgood military wirk in South Africa. Anyone in this district would have no difficulty in recognising the illustration as an excellent photo of Mr E. J. Fowler, of Buln Buln, 'at that time Corporal in the sWarragul detachment V.M.B., mounted on Dr. Hayes' well- known horse Mat. " Teddy" looks every inch a soldier, and the picture conveys to English readers a really good example of the average member of the V.M.H. THuE RsAmwrs.-Signs Of recovery are manifested by the railway revenne. which, for the last few weeks, has suffered from the action of wheat growers in holding their grain t in the hope of securing better returns,. The amount handed to the Treasury as a result of the operations of the department for the week ending 2nd inst was £93,815 is 3d, which is just £1525 better, than the income for the. same period of 1899, when £92,290 Is dd was received. The total increase for the portion of the financial year from Ist July, 1899, to e2nd inst, £139,679 12a Id, the sum received during, the' same period of 1i98.99 being s £1,915;165, as against £2.054,845 4s 7d for the expired term' of the current financial year. Locar GA?zrrE NOTrCEs.-Applications for licenses approved-B. C. Mackay, Drouin West: E, Blakeman, Poowong. Licenses and leases. surrendered-H. Liebehenschel, Yarragon; G. R. Pearce, Narracan; F. A. Newbury, Bunyip; 0. Cook, Drouin West; H. English, Jindivick; W. Wreidt, Darnum. Applications for leases approved-A. M'Kinnon, Allambee East ; J. Halvy, Fumina. Transfer of lease registered-A. ..'Keniie to A. Layton, Jinaivick. Im poundiigs-Traralgon - Red cow, branded TB near rump, white flanks. notch under side off ear; strawberry. heifer, illegible brand off ribs, slit point off ear. Warragul-Red and white heifer, no visible brand; dark-red heifer, top off off ear, slit near ear, 0 off rump, blotch near rump ; red and white heifer, no visible brand. r Buns Bo_, Ssow.-The annual show of the Bnln Buln Agricultural Society takes place en Wednesday (to-morrow). The en. tries exceed those of last year, and every. I thing points to the gathering being a record success. The arrangements usually made for the comfort of visitors have made this society locally renowned, and this year will Sbe no exception to the rule, for the president S(Mr Nicholls) and secretary (Mr P. Dunbar) t assisted by a thoroughly energetic cmmittee, have left no stone unturned to ensure that ,eputation being fully maintained. We are Sinformed that the show of horses, cattle and root crops will far exceed the display of last Syear, and if that is so, anyone present on that occasion will readily agree that for the inspection of these classes alone no resident of the district should miss making the trip ito the pleasantly.situated ground. AT rB F?oxNT.-In Friday night's ",Hrald" there wh an interesting letter from Major iteay, the war correspondent in South Africa for that journal. The following extract contained therein, speaks for itself :-"Lieu tenant Thorn tells of his first experience under fire when helping the wounded man Falls, and Corporal Conner (Warragul) enjoys the distinctin of having twice emptied his magazine lwhen firing upon the rebels met on the right of the outpost near Dover Farm." Judging from his reputation as one of the crack rifle shots of the V.1.11., there can be no doubt that if Corporal Conner had toe Boers within range his fire wguld not be without execution, In any case, to be specially mentioned is something of which any soldier might well be proud, and Warra. gul is to be congratulated on s nding such m capable representative to the front, 