THE STORY OF MEIECHM COMPLETE- IX THIS ISSUE. by ALISON HUGHES, Author of "Tbo Queen's Drawing Room," " Aunt Adda's Lbgaoy," "Revenge is Swoot," &o.;, to. coryeioht. jMpw 'OR so me S " months past . lwe .had beon g spending fi rather a lazy, u n o v o n tful tune ; - the calm beforo the storm, i as subsequent V facts proved. Wa A few weeks' 1 . sketching along the shores of the Lake of Geneva, a brief sojourn at Lausanne, al- ways a favounto halting-place with me, on account of early associations, a little swal low s flight .into Italy ; then, as the- season grew more advanced," we now and again spoke of a sail to Norway. Not that we were cither of us accustomed, or able, to lead this idle, desultory. kind of life for long together. ' On the' contrary, wo were both poor men, and entirely dependent upon our own exertions for a comfortable or uncom fortable existence, as the case might prove. Suddenly my friend Lawrence Chetwvnd grew unaccountably silent and depressed; flung his sketches aside unfinished or tore them to atoms, and altogether behaved in a most peculiar fashion for a man of his painstaking, persevering calibre. Finally, one morning he announced his in tention of returning to England at once, via Paris. When I mention that the month was July, perhaps my consternation may be understood. " Paris !" I shouted in tones rivalling tho thunderous echoes of the storm outside. "Paris, do you say? By all tho saints of the calendar, you must be mad tor dream ing, to utter such a word at this time of the year. Besides, it is impossible !" . Lawrence know' that my reference was to failing finances, and shrugged his shoulders ruefully. " Threo months ago you swore that you would never set foot in that delightful though most dishonest city again," I per sisted. ' ' Another shrug of tho shoulders, and then niy friend proceeded to turn his pockets inside out, and count what little store of cash remained to him. As was customary with me, I followed suit, and was not a little astonished to find myself somewhat richer than I had calcu lated upon. With a bound Lawrence leaped upon my treasure, gathering up notes and other paltrier coins with the fierceness of despair. " Thank God 1" ho said, apparently driven to speech by the fact that between us at least the necessary means for the accomplish ment of his desire could be raised. We never counted money separately in those days ! Sometimes I was in luck, sometimes my companion held the reins, but always two of us shared in tlio benefit. So it came to pass that a few moments later I wus listening to Chetwynd's strango explanation of his desire to seek England again. I fancy I sec him before mo now. Lean ing forward on his elbow, with one hand pushed through his abundant hair, he told mo that for three nights in succession his brother Hubert had appeared to him. The moment 1 heard Hubert Chetwynd's name, I dropped the mask of indifference, and lis tened with the most intense interest. " It was in Paris, at our old quarters off tho Boulevard Malesherbes, I saw him, and he was iu trouble. ' I must go to him us soon as possiblo. Of course you will come too. You see, it is impossible for mo to movo without you. Besides, wo have al ways stuck together through thick and thin, through weal and woe. And it means woe this time!" My friend's head fell forward is he spoke, and I know he depended on me for tho rest. And the rest? Why, of course, those two words meant Paris, without delay of sleep, food, or any other circumstance what ever In fine, we arrived in Paris, more dead than alive, by reason of a thousand inconveniences unknown to richer and more leisurely travellers. But' the moment Lawrence Chetwynd's feet trod the magic pavements of the gay city, the burden of trouble fell from his shoulders on to mine. Wo were shadowed. At regular intervuls during our journey a curiously attired, gray-haired old man had haunted us, and the moment we set foot in our Paris hotel I saw and recognised him again 1 Indeed, by mutual impulse, wo saluted one another. Lawrence, however, saw and know no thing. He appeared to be living in a kind of stnpor — as though half his faoulties were benumbed. " Now that we are here, Roger, perhaps tho merciful Fates will allow a little sleep) to visit us," he remarked, when late in the ovening we were preparing to retire to our respective apartments. I believe I gave a sort of grunting acquiescence to this remark, but I had hot the slightest intention of sleeping myself until I had mado some at tempt at acquaintance with the strange old mail who had "so persistently followed on our track.. As luck would have it, I found him in tho court-yard lighting a cigar preparatory to sallying forth forastroll. Our oyes mot, and wo again exchanged a courteous b»w. Beyond a few remarks concerning the wea ther, my companion seemed averse to speech, however, contenting himself with surveying mo furtively from beneath his shaggy brows. Assuming a bold, friendly manner, there fore, I suddenly drew out my cardcasc, nnd presented him with the means -of addressing mb by name, at the sume time remarking that it was a thousand pities wo had not broken the ice before. " Seeing tho whole of our journey has proved to be in the same direction, monsieur, we might have rendered it so much less tedious by the interchange) of friendly notes en route." Tbo strango old man examined my card with a sinister sneer lurking round the cor ners of his mouth. Suddenly lie gave a leap to my sido, and clutched me by the slcevo. "Tho name on this card is not correct! You are trying to deceive me. It should bo Hubert — not Lawrence Chctwynd!" While he spoke, I made two discoveries. I had presented tho stranger with my friend's card instead of my own. My second discovery was that ho was an Englishman. . "But why should I try to deceive you, sir?" with a'distiuct emphasis on the "sir." "My friend's name is Lawrence, not Hu bert! That ho greatly resembles his twin brother I do not deny.' But such coses arc by no means uncommon." "Twin brother! Then there are two Olietwynds 1 I nover heard this fact before." " Then you cannot be very well acquainted with tho history of the family," I replied, . curtly. "AU the world talked of the un just will made somo few years ago by tho father of these two brothers. To ono was left the family estates, together with every penny of money. To the other, good health, a handsome face, and beggary. A quarter of an hour or so makes a cruel dif ference sometimes in one's destiny." _ My companion heard every word, ob livious of the fact that one or two waiters were fingering suspiciously within earshot. His hand still clutched my sleeve, and his piercing glance seemed to search through my very soul. "You look honest," he said at length. " But they must be very much alike. Uod holp me, I might have killed tho wrong man !" Perceiving my look of horror, ho broke into a loud affected laugh, and, picking up the cigar, which had fallen neglected to his feet-, passed with a gesture of adieu into the crowded streets of Paris. Feeling extremely depressed, I was pre paring to follow Lawrence Chetwynd's ex ample, and seek recuperation of many weary days' fatiguo in sleep, when, to my amaze ment, Lawrence himself joined mo in the courtyard. , Only partially dressed, and looking more like a ghost than a man,, he seated himself at ono of the little marble tablos, and called hoarsely for brandy. "Thank God, I've found you!" were his first words. "I think I shall go mad, or tako poison, if I have that cursed dream again. Something's altogether wrong with Hubert 1 It's no use resting a single mo ment. My brother is here — in Paris I IVe must find him, Roger. Let ns search for him at once." By this time I had become extremely irri- tab'.o, and I am afraid my language must not be repeated. " I'm jolly well sick of all this farrago of nonsense concerning your "brother and dreams of misfortune," Was my concluding "speech. " You may stalk through the whole length and breadth of tlio city if you choose; for my part I ani going to bed." Without another Word I left liipi. Next morning, feeling extremely ashamed of my churlish conduct, . I went straight to my friend's ronni in order to place myself ut liis disposal for tho remainder of the day. But Lawrence was .nowhere to bo found. Inquiring of thp concierge, I discovered that he had left tho hotel shortly after our abrupt parting, and had not since returned. I was desperately annoyed with this turn of affairs. Lawrence Chetwynd was not only my dearest friend in fife, but he wus the only ono whom I thoroughly and en tirely trusted. His was a nature true as steel. I felt I had deserted him in a season of danger and trouble, and reproached my- self most bitterly. As I _was rising from the breakfast table wondering where to go, and what in the world to do next, my companion of tho previous evening entered and called sharply for his bill. "Ah! So you aro still here?" ho ex claimed vouchsafing a curt nod in my di rection. "I met your friend Lawronco in tlio 'Bois this morning; and his brother Hubert was with him. You spoke, the truth last night-, as I thought. They are con foundedly alike, though. But there is a dif ference notwithstanding. Quite enough for my" purpose." .My blood boiled at the odious insolence of this old man's tone. Looking at him critioitly, I observed be was deeply agitated. His face was livid, ami bis tlun, claw-hkc fingers clutched the table convulsively. " I am afraid you have not passed a good night," I observed quietly. " Oh, as to that, you are mistaken," was tho reply. "My night was a brilliant "suc cess. It is moving from place to pluce that I abhor — those wretched midnight changes,, those hurrioil meals, those abominable .in conveniences of travelling, so trying, when one is no longer young. But everything is altered now. I have no longer any occa sion for doubt or suspenso. My ignorance, too, has beon dissipated with regard to the most vital point of all. Strango that your friend has a brother. Stranger still that the two resemble ono another so miracu lously. Had it not been for that little scar over the left eyebrow my work would have remained unaccomnlished, after all my pa tience and zeal. Hut heaven rewards the just." "Look hero!" I said suddenly. "You are a scoundrel! You aro wutching my friend, or his brother, for no good purpose. Understand, however, I am watching you 1" Tho man started as though stung by an adder. "What!" he cried, or rather hissed be tween his teeth, " you say you aro watching mo?" He then suddenly assumed tho affect ed laugh whioli had struck mo on a former occasion. , " You are quito mistaken in your estimate of my character and purpose, " ho continued. "My interest in Mr. Hubert Obetwynd is mercenary.. Ho owes me inoqey. And I mean to make him pay before many days are over, or I will know tho reason why." A waiter appearing oh tho secno at this moment, I went out without another, word in search of Lawrence. Happily, ho was not far distant. I had scarcely reached the Madolcino when his hand was on my shoulder. " Well, old man, did you sleep your bad temper awny last night?" I must explain hero that it was an un written law botweeu us nover to take offence, no matter what might bo tho provocation. Wo quarrelled, argued, and fought out our battles of diverse opinion like tho rest of men.' Unlike the rc3t, however, wo counted our friendship the most supreme possession in life. Linking my arm within that of the ques-. tinner, we walked on in the blinding glare' of the noontide sun, while ho recounted the strange, circumstance of his meeting with Hubert. "It was awfully funny, Roger. I went straight to a certain bridge over the river where there is a stone bench, and there, just as I had seen him in my dream, witli both hands thrust into his pockets and an ugly scowl on his face, stood Hubert, look- iug down into tho yellow, muddy water. I would not tell another soul save yourself," he add&d;, "but the instant my brother re cognised me he swore a' terriblo oath, and struck mo with all his might. " Startled ut this occurrence, for, although our last purting-had been cold, it had not been unfriendly, I jvos more than startled at what followed. Turning on his heel, mv brother sought to cscapo me. The sting ing smart left by his cowardly blow was is nothing to this second insult. " I followed, not without his knowledge, for more than an hour. At last he halted and confronted me, with the moonlight shin ing full upon his face. ' '"Have you 'come for your money, Law rence?' he usked. " I had never heard my brother speak in such tones of utter despair in his lifo beforo. Something iu his attitude arrested the sneer which would inevitably have fallen from my lips at the mention of tho word money, but I put the temptation aside. "'You aro in trouble,' I remarked, gravely. '"Trouble enough to sink a ship, or drown' a man 1' was the answer. ' I was just about to make my farewell obeisance to this cursed world, and seek the unns of the beautiful Seine, when your arrival postponed my plans — for awhile.! " ' There is very little I would not do to .prevent your taking such a cowardly step a3 that of suicide, Hubert. But if it is money you want, there I am powerless. My father, as you know, dealt- the cards very unevenly in that direction. I am little short of a beggar. Still, all my sympathies are yours — my services too.' " ' Shake hands, Lawrie, may'oo for. the last time 1 I am a beggar as well 1 Every l>cnny of the Chctwynd fortune is lost. Ill- gotten money — you kunw the old proverb.' " ' The Chetwynd money was not ill-got ten,' I replied hotly. 'It may havo been ill-spent.' " ' I tell you it was ill-gotten 1' ho shouted, stamping his foot in a paroxysm of rage. .' My father left a just and honourable will, as well as n just and hnnourablo name. To you ho left the money, to me, of course, descended the land. But of what use was au estate to me which I could not sell? I wanted money — nothing but money. I would have sold every brick of -the man sion, every shrub in the coppices, every bramble of tlio hedges for money — hut the law prevented me, as you are aware. So I forged a later will, in which I inherited both property and money. Every penny of tlio latter has been lost — gambling debts, horses, and tho rest. Of course you can claim what you like upon the estate. You can repay yourself as the days go by, for it's a fine property. I nlways meant to leave n lust dying confession of my misdeeds. Indeed, a scaled packet awaits you at our family lawyer's, only to be opened upon my death WUJr don't you speak, Lawrence? X'vo done my part towards reparation, and I intended to sleep iu the Seine to- night. You can shoot me if you choose. I shan't flinch. I'm sick, deadly sick, of the shame and hollow mockeries of this side tho grave.' " I felt it was the truth my brother was speaking. We had never hold many views in eommon. He bad gone his way in life — an idle, careless, dissipated way, as it after wards proved— but tho birthbond had- always licld us together in an outward form of friendship. " ' Why enn'tyou speak, Lawrie? I know I'm a' scoundrel. Ever sinco I can remem ber we sccin to havo played the separate parts of saint and sinner.' A " My brother turnfcd very palo ns ho spoke, and tho familiar abbreviation of my name for the second time did tho rest. The pas sionate hatred which bad burned in my breast during- the recital of his wrongdoing vanished. I krnko down utterly. " ' Thank God, my dear father is acquit ted ot tho crime of injustice, and tho cloud of parental unkindness removed from my path. Also, that I havo been the means of saving you from a death of shame, Hubert-.' '"Thank God!" ho repeated fervently, raising his hut us he spoke — ' for the child's sake 1' "''Then you are married 1' I ejaculated, aghast ut this further development of uffairs. We had not met' since my disin heritance. " ' Oh, yes 1 My wife is a mere child her self, and throe months ago a son was born to us. It was for the little chap's sake I camo over here— to Paris. I have always been lucky hitherto in tho gay city, and thought to regain some of my lost wealth at the tubies, as so often before. But you know where the luck drove me to-night! By the way, who is that cadaverous old man undor the lamp opposite?' ho added, in tones of fear and suspicion. 'Here we are at my quarters. Let us finish the 'rest of our conversation- indoors.' " ' So wo went in, and had somo food to gether ; and now I am hero, and must beg of you to let rao have tho sleep for which I am almost dying." Wo were passing through the courtyard of our hotel, bright with flowering shrubs and little marble-topped tables, us Luw- ronce spoke, and instinctively I looked round for the strango old man who had haunted us both so persistently. He was not there. Three days after this conversation all Puns rang with the news of a fonl murder, which had been committed in one of tho low wiiio shops 6f tho city, close to Notre Datuc. Tho victim evidently belonged to tho superior class 'of society, hence the un wonted agitation connected with liis death. Soma of the journals described him as dark and middle-aged, others as young, florid, and slightly built ; but all agreed that he was of gentle birth, and none could furnish tho least cluo to his identity. Tho murderer had completed his task with tlio utmost care. Not a pnper, not a scrap of linen, not a jewel, had been found on tlio body, whioh now awaited identification at tho Morgue. I was bending over the latest account in my own room, Lawrence having gone out. to meet his brother, for whoso society ho had almost deserted mo of late, when what I took at first to bo a madman rushed upon me. "You must como with me at once to the Morgue. Hubert is there !" " But, Lawrence " I was beginning. Then I saw something in iny friend's face which forbado expostulation, and mechani cally I took up 'my hat. On our way to tho Morgue Lawrence spoke twice. "Hubert begged mo not to leave him last night. He declared that he wus shadowed every stop ho took by a wrotolicd, ill-looking old man; and, some how, ho seomed to know who the mun was, for ho trembled from head to foot with fear." Tho next remark Bturtled me in spite of mysolf. "I was dreaming again last night, Roger; but of course I knew better than to montion such a fact to you." Lawrence's glanco of reproach was more thau I could endure. "I toll you what it is, Chctwynd. You are bewitched — or something very, much to the same purposo. The sooner we get out of this broiling atmosphere the better for our brains. I vote wo quit the whole thing to-night, and' leave your brother to return to his paternal acres." ' , My friend's reply was to aseond tho leading to that ghastly wiudow, behind which , tho unfortunate unknown dead of Paris are exposed to tho pitiless gaze of the careless passer-by. - I am ho lover of tbo horriblo myself, and- could not repress tho sickly faintness and shuddering disgust Ayhich stole oyer me as my oye fell upon a group of little children with their faces pressed close to the cruel glass.' There wero three terriblo objects exposed to view that day — tho body of a young workman with signs of starvation written on every feature. and a great gash in his throat, tho body of a woman— bat I cannot oven now at this distance of timo dwell upon tho details of this creature's loathsome appearance. Suffice it to say that in the middle of these, two victims of crime and utter wretchedness reposed tho form of' » singularly handsome, distinguished-looking individual whom (though I had never before seen him) I knew in a moment to be Hubert Chetwynd. Ho was lying with his eyes wide open, and his magnificent teeth glittering — iu a uavago or agonised grin — it was difficult to decide which. He had evidently been shot through the heart, and the murderer had completed his foul work by afterwards, cut ting the throat of his victim. I never quito knew what immediately fol lowed on my awful discovery. A crowd gathered round us, for Lawrence had fallen to the ground in a dead swoon, and 1 was found leaning against the nearest wall with my eyes closed, and for tho time being Xierfectly speechless. Such occurrences as a man fainting were common events in that special Quarter. One of the throng ran to a wino shop for brandy, another loosened Chetwynd's collar, and several others assisted to place him in a voiture which happened to bo at band. He never recovered consciousness until long after we had reached our hotel, and even then his senses were all confused and wan dering — indeed, for many days he was under tho doctor's care. A month afterwards found us travelling towards a pretty, red-roofed village in Sus sex, where stood tho grand old Elizabethan mansion of the Chetwynds, whose leaded windows gleamed in the sunlight. Law- renco had made an appointment to meot tlio family lawyer there, and after the comple tion of his business we bad arranged to resume our former al fresco lifo abroad. "I shall not burden tho estate by so much ns a penny," be told me, as we drove through tbo splendid beech avenue leading to tho principal entrance. " I merely want to make arrangements for poor Elsie's com fort until the boy comes of age. Then lie will, of course, tako matters into his own hands." "But surely," I inquired, with intense concern, no less than surprise — " surely you will reimburse yourself, iu part at least, for the money your brother misappropri ated?" Lawrence looked at mo for a moment in silence. Then a curious smile spread slowly over his face. "Well, I rather think not," he replied at last. " You see, it would mean lotting Elsio into tho secret of her husband's dis honour. I won't do that at uny cost !" After dinner, at which tho young widow was present, Lawrence and Mr. Noble, tho family solicitor, retired into tho library to gether, and I saw no 'more of my friend until tho next day, their business interview having lasted through the night. " Wo are leaving here at once, Roger, if you have no objection," be said, in a hard, constrained voice. I noticed that his haud shook as ho turned over the leaves of Brad- shaw, and his faco was deathty pale. Hubert's poor broken-hearted widow ac companied us to tho door, as we said good bye,, imploring us to como again very soon, and crying bitterly as 'her glanco rested on the lithe athletic form of her husband's brother. "So like nnd so unlike my darling Hubert," sho kept on repeating, as we tried in vain to comfort her. . She was ono of those fair, angelic-looking women with flaxen hair worn loosely about her shoulders, und pretty rosebud mouth tho leind of creature whom misfortune kills as surely us a knife. ' Lawrence, though avoiding her as much as possible, treated her with the most ex quisite courtesy and kindness. But the moment wo wero out of sight of his old lioiuo his forced composure vanished. Bury ing his head between his hands, ho leaned bock in tho corner of the carriage and ' sobbed convulsively — entirely overmastered by the passion of consuming grief— grief in which no human sympathy could bear » part. Never again during tho course of his somewhat briof existence did mv friend re visit Chetwynd HaU! Beforo liis death he confided to mo tho solution of his Sudden departure from thence, together with cer tain other matters hearing upon this history. It transpired, during Lawrence's private interview with the funiiiy solicitor, that the swoot young girl- wife Elsio was iu reality no wife at all ! Hubert bad married a farmer's daughter secretly during his college davs, deserting her afterwards, and leaving her under tho supposition that tho ceremony of their wedding had been illegal. During her lifetime this supposition bad been main tained. Sho died shortly after the birth of Elsie's child, and, her true position having been discovered by her father, he swore to lie revenged. Inheriting a strain of Italian, blood .from his mother's sido, liis solo end. and aim in life from tho day of his daugh ter's burial wus to murder her cowardly and cruel deserter. Having completed his work ho disappeared, and was never again heard of. Probably the Seine swallowed him up. Of course -Hubert's death rendered .t im possible for matters to be placed on a proper legal footing for poor Elsie. As for tho child, heir to tho lovely Chetwynd mamton and property— why, the boy bad no right oven to bear tho name. Lawrenco told me tbo struggle between tho two points at issuo for him had been terrible. Hubert's sealed letter bad con fessed everything. There remained to liim only ono of two courses. Either he must publish his brother's infamy to a sncoring, scoiling world, or ho must go forth once again, the penniless younger brother of the family, and watch over tlio Chetwynds' in terests from afar. Ho choso the latter course. We resumed our old wandering fife under foreign skies. Sometimes Fate smiled on us, and oftencr sho frowned, hut wo remained for the most part indifferent, and wore as happy ns tho - generality of mortals in our own way, until tho terriblo hour arrived for us to part.. When Lawrenco Chetwynd died there passed from earth ono of the most, self- sacrificing men ever created, and one of the most noblo 1 The reader will judge this from his story. 