'fetumpH. - V r 'Stumps,' as tie was called In i)o» «erland, was a favourite wither! nilnala and— the police. He had a bright - joke tind a kindly word for all alike ; no one had ever seen him cross, or known li!m do a mean thing. j Children hang round him, listening to j his yanys ; tlie lasses always stopped to banter with him'; while many a night round the doFs-liouse fir a lie w*ie the life of the wretched-looking group, as In fluent, picturesque language lie. i told ghost tales and 'fairy legends ot-' his native County Clare, miking tSie mouchers forger their hunger, their suf ferings, their despair ; aud whoa he had money he was royally generous— he- treated everyone he came across. ' Bedad, that .fact alone bethrays inoi kingly lineage' (Mike was descended from an ancient Irish sovereign), he once said to me, half-ruefuily. ' Sliure, I'm never eo fcjppy as whin ilisjiinslng bounties.' Indeed, I have known 15s. last him but two days, though he always slept in a doss-house, and the only solid food that passed his lipe during that space was onions and tripe for supper, and a couple of carrots as a midday meal. ' My digestion, you see. is peculiar,' he confided on one occasion to a magis trate, after receiving a sentence of fourteen days ; 'it seems to cotton to nothing but drink.' 'Could you not take the |ilf !.,e, and' would not some one help you to keop it ascea tiie functionary of jusiice. who, I am 6ure, In his heart, saw tht futility of these repeats consignments to gaol. Mike ruffled his rough red h4!ir,' and a gleam^of .amusement darted luro his - eyes. 'May it plaise your ludship,' he said, ' It's meself was a shining loljfht in rhe Salvation Army— fitr--fur two mouths, an' begorra ! in that toime If oi -1 -1 not merit a silver medal fur tiir.per ance.' ' And where is the me l-il V' a«Ued the magistrate. ' Again Mike' 3 eyes twinkle! and tne corners of his mouth worked. 'An' you'll belalve me, your wurs'.iip, whin Oi came out' last toime, from rhc r'si dence you wos so kind as to send me to fnr mot health, I pawned i: fur a dhrop of the craiur', &p;' begorri ! if Oi didn't foind the moda! wasn't silver at all, but Jist a common bit of tin Mike's real discomfiture was too much for those present, and they laughed as he meant them to laugh and nol-ody enjoyed his joke more than be did himself. But laughing at or with a culprit does not help 'o mend his ways, and Mike's case bud a sad 6id'i tc it.— ]-'ro:n the ' Quiver,' for April. 