FORREST AND FEDERATION. " JUXTOS JUNIOR " writes :-King Forrest and his followers have climbed down at last over the Federa tion racket. I am not without sym- pathy for the poor old pauper who protests against the destruction of the unwholesome hovel in which she has dwelt all her lifetime. She was born within its walls, lived in its picturesque dirt all her life, married and bore her children under its roof- and it must go hard with her to have all these associations rudely shocked by the hand of Improvement. And in like manner we may therefore understand the feel- ings of the First Families and the Civil Service monopoly and the Bene- volent Autocracy of old-time Lagdom when the discoveries of gold in Wes- tern Australia threatened their pictu- resque reclusion. Up to that time the little community of Groperland had lived content. A sort of feudal system governed the relations of the classes. The Six Families and the few land- owners and the northern squatters, a judge, and a few semi-professional people formed the dominant section of Society; the gentlemen who dragged their left legs, the ancient agricultu- rists who had come to the country m tiie old desolate days, and the savage woodcutters down south constituted the villeins or serfs. It was idyllic, and none the less that government was by the strong hand and the stupid head. But tiie rush of the northern barbarians, headed by the long-haired Vosper, upon the fields of Italy and into the sacred streets of Rome was prophetic of the change that was about to fall upon an effete and worn-out civilization.. The incursion of energy and enterprise upon Groperland simi- larly portended the demise of that idyllic but somewhat idiotic existence which tile province had theretofore - enjoyed and the destruction for aye of that state of tilings so eloquently em- phasised when Mr. Randell expressed his opposition to the railway between Perth and Fremantle on the ground that it would interfere with the river barge traffic. Tiie goldfields have ruined the colony, cries Onslow, C.J. It wai the cry of the old woman whose shanty was doomed to. destruction. Such conservatism dies hard. And it is no matter for wonder that they who have hither!» had the government of the country have been reluctant to ac- commodate themselves to the new ender of tfnqpe. So slow, indeed, bave they been to adopt themselves to the inevitable that they have sturdily fought against its pressure. ; And though they have been compelled, in some sort, to yield, it has been sulkily and reluctantly. Kot a single reform that has been forced upon the Govern- ment but has been obstructed by it. Abuses, corruptions, delay, extrava- gance, impotence in the pressure of a demand upon their resources-these are charges which caa be advanced against the Forrest Government. It is easy, therefore, to understand Sir John Forrest's opposition to Federa- tion and the heavy foot he has* placed upon electoral reform. The latter would simply mean his political death ; that is approaching-there are signs of an impending catastrophe. . .But as long as " honest John" can keep the best party of the country without voting power, and control that of the re- mainder, he may manage to keep the undertaker out of the house. But this cannot be for long. Hot only in the colony itself, butin the eastern provinces and even in England and America, the strongest criticism has been levelled at this pachydermatous politician. His monstrous tricks to sacrifice every interest to that of Perth and Fre- mantle have been so clumsily open that they have been subject to adverse comment on all ¡Bides* He could not have survived thepe nefarious proceed- ings but for the. Electoral Act, which enables him to secure a majority of lacqueys. That reformed, and a re- distribution of seats on the population basis with payment of members-and then he may cry " de morituris te salu tant." What ghosts will haunt his aoHtical deathbed ! The burst of the Coolgardie water scheme, Perth water supply, a moribund. mint, a corrupt' Civil Service, a corrupt police depart- ment, a corrupt goldfields administra- tion ! The cries of tortured abori- gines in the north, the groan» of the dying blacks on Rottnest will' reach his ears. He will hear again the curses of those who have suffered wrongfully and foully in the Fremantle ? Gaol. And the friends of his false prosperity wiU turn from him. Tn his retreat at Bunbury a casual visitor may sometimes seek out the man in curiosity to behold him, who by no force of ability, but by that of audacity, controlled so long' the destinies of Groperland-and brought the country to the verge of ruin. The writer has merely touched upon these pointe in passing. Some day the his- tory of this province will be written, and then Sir John Forrest, if ho should choose to read, may do so until his large eyes tingle with shame. For upon hun, who has been the leader, the onus of responsibility must lie. Of course, he could not have carried out his plans but for the support-of others as venal. But the captain of the ship is responsible in all things ; and if it comes to it, Forrest is'the culprit who must put his thiçk neck on the block. This Ms, of course, figurative language: Tn other words, Forrest will have to die the political death for the crimes "f the oligarchy of which he is the recognised leader. And he may as well get into the habit of saying his prayers; his dissolution will be sudden, and there will be no resurrection for him. On the headstone of his dis- graceful political grave shall be written, "Fiat Justitia." That truth and honesty and right he flouted in his fat years shall mock him in his lean, and cover him with shame ; so that in his older days he will gladly creep back to his beloved Bunbury for an asylum. And he will not te received ; but will be driven back with curses as the man who sought for his own mean, sordid, and narrow minded ends, to plunge his countrv into ruin. If he be stout enoueh to survive his panegyric over the F'ïderation racket and other gross blunders and jobs, and schemes for cheating his political demise, the stupendous Coolgardie waterworks must eventually knock ont his vitality. He must know by this time, despite his assurance to the contrary a few days back, that great project will never be accomplished-on the lines proposed, at any rate. This is no place to enter upon the discas«ion of such a bloated epileptic fraud and blunder as the water scheme. Every- body knows that of the numerous awl ventures of a clumsy, heavy-footed Government, this water supply business takes first rank. Ii reference is maxie to it here, it is only for the purposed j [ including it in the list that occur to [the writer of the frauds, idiocies, criminal blunders, and obstinate follies I which have marked the trail of the Forrest foot ever since they were I called upon, by extraordinary condi- tions, to legislate for a virile living ¡community. Up to that time their blunders didn't signify. They bad I nothing much to govern, except their own excesses. Pump water served the ¡ community of Perth and other towns. Fremantle Gaol held their prisoners in ! proper seclusion, and no questions asked. Farm «rs fed on their own pumpkins, and thanked God for a Forrest Government. Railways and such like modern things were not needed. "My brother" ran the meat monopoly. The Civil Service waxed fat. The Six Families entertained each other as true aristocrats only can entertain. It was an ideal state of things. But the march of progress and triumph of civilisation has changed all that now. The country, thanks to such men as Vosper, Illingworth, Simpson, Brew, and a few others, ison the eve of a new birth ; and the fat encumbered John Forrest has had to wake up and rub bis eyes and pinch himself, in order to carry to his heavy perception that a great revolution bas taken place, and this no doubt accounts for his latest political somer- sault ; but it is questionable if it will land him on his feet. 