The Angelus. Tho 'Angelus Domini,' or the 'Angelical Salutation,' recalls to us that precious momont for whioh the people of the auciont law had sighed for so many ages — iho momont whom Mary was visited by an angel, who announced to her the glad tidings that she had been chosen to become tho Mother of Him who was to be 1 he Redeemer of the world. Through tho religious custom then of saying tho '? Angelus ' we nob only com memorate tho mystery of tho divine Incar nation, but at tho same time wo honour tho Mother of the Saviour for the sake of hor Divine Son. Tho Angolus boll rings three strokes, a pause and then again throe strokes, another pause and throe strokes more, and this i3 followed by nine strokes. As it rings the first three the faithful say : 'The Angel of tho Lord declared unto Mary. And she conceived by tho Holy Ghost.' 'Hail, Mary, full of grace, the Lord is with theo ; bloaiiod art bhou among women and blessed is bho fruit of thy womb : Josus, Holy Mary, Mother of God, pray for us sinners, now and at the hour ot our death. Amen.' During tho second strokes of tho boll the faithful say : ' Behold tho handmaid of tho Lord. Bo ib done uuto me according to Thy word.' 'Hail, Mary, full of graoo,' etc (as abovo until wo como to tho word Amen, ) At tho third ringing of tho boll bho faibh ful say : 'And tho Word wan made Floah. And dwelt among ua.' 'Hail, Mary, full of graoo,' ebo, (as above), After this, tho bell rings nine strokes, durif.g this time the following prayer is said : 'Pour forth we boseeoh Thoo, O Loid, Thy graoo inbo our hearts, that we to whom the Incarnation of Christ Thy Sou was mado known by tho messuga of an angel, so by His Passion and Croos may wo bo brought to the glory of His Resurrection : through Ohriab our Lord, Amen,' Tho boll is rung three times at oaoh prayer to honour the Blesaed Trinity, and at tho last prayer ib is rung nine blmos (threo bimoB threo) for tho same reason, It is oustomary to say tho 'Angolus' knoollng, oxoopb from Saturday evening to Sunday evonihg whon we sband during its rooitation in honour of tho Rcsurruotion of our Saviour. Tho ' Hail Mary,' whloh is said during tho ' Angolus,' is composed of threo parts — bho angora salutation i ' Hull, Mary, full of graoo, the Lord la with thoo,' tho salutation of St, Elizabeth, 'Blessed art thou amoug womon and blotisod is the fruit of thy wombj' tho name of 'Josus,' and tho words following, 'Holy Mary, Mother of God,' &o;,,' wero afterwards added by tho faithful, and having boon approved by the Ohuroh, thny aamo Into general uao, Afc firdb, tho ' Angelua ' was only said in tho evening, bub hubstquonlly ib boaamo a uuivoisal custom to rool to tills beautiful prajor tlmo tlmoB a, day~morning, noon and night, BobIcIob aivlllng to mind tho mystery of tho Incarnation to whioh wo owo our redomp« tion, tho devout reoltal of tho 'Angolus' has another advantage. By it tho dally work of bho Christian is repeatedly inter rupted, and, in a niannor, seasoned and inUirwovon with prayer. Nothing is so important— Indeed so uoooasary for us as to of tan raise our thought*) to tho supernatural and obornal j without this wo will soon loso night of bho end for whioh wo waro mad a, and ltvo as though this world wore to bo our homo forovor, and wo had no bottor ouo to hope for. When bho lnliourur ia ougugod In thu Holds, or bho moahuuio In hl« workshop, and bhoir minds aro flllod only with LhoughtH of tumporal gain and prolit, thu huuhu of tho AiiguliiM bull Biimmoiiu thorn, llko a moHsongor from abovo, to forgot for a moment bhoir worldly nH'alt'H, ana to muko room in thoir Imarts far somo thoughts of God And oUt'rilty, Lub us Hbrivo thou, nhvays tn say tho ' Angolus' with attention and dovotlon, in ordur l.hab tlilu ahorb prayor may truly uanallfy ottr dally labours, and bho intut' cession of our Bleseed Lady obtain for us rich graces f 3 m God. Then may wo hopo to see realised the beautiful linos addressed to her by the Amorican poet, Edgar Allfen Poo : At morn — at noon— at twilight dim - Maria ! thou hast heard our hymn I In joy and woe — in good and ill — Mother of God bo with mo still ! Whon the hours (low brightly by, And nob a oloud obndured the sky, My soul, lest it should truant be, Thy grace did guide to thine and thee ; Now, when the storms of fato o'orcaBb Darkly my present and my past, Leb my future radiant shine With swoet hopes of thoe and thine. A. S. RiNNia. 