LOVE & JERLOUSY. — ? ? * ? . I i mjpB. ., I IN FODE PARTS. I PAET III. I It is July, and the evening before the I boys depart from St. Dunstable for I heme and Che midsummer holidays. It I has always been a custom with the boys I at the Vicarage to get up ainoDgst I themselves at ' breaking-up ' time some I kind of entertainment to celebrate the I event. Last Christmas they got up a I concert; tlws July they have deter I mined on theatricals ; and, after the I acting, in honour of Rosalind's engage I Jnent, as Rosalind herself demurely suggests— an engagement which by (his time is known and approved of through out St. T)unstable and its vicinity — there is to be a dance, a form of dis sipation hitherto undreamed of at the quiet Vicarage of St. Dunstable. So on this night, before the day of departure for the holidays, the Vicarage rooms are brilliant with much illumina tion. The acting— in which Mr. Blount the usher, being no actor, wisely prefers to lake no part, and during which he tits unobtrusively among the audience — is over, and the dancing has begun. All the ' best people ' in St. Dunstable have been invited. The study has served for a theatre, the spacious old drawing- room has been transformed into a ball-room. 'Oh, the litter and bother and con fusion that to-morrow will bring !' groans Miss Melissa, gaunt- and Quakerish in her best grey gown, as she watches the dancers with unsmiling countenance, just as half an hour before she had watched ' that heatheuish play acting.' Tjie local musicians are working with a will. Miss Melissa jerkily gathers her shawl round her shoulders and stalks off to see that the maids in the dining- room are not making too free with the refreshments. Rosalind, in cloady tulle of the colour of forget me-nots, and with a silver wreath on her golden head, is resting by an open window. She is looking % radiant. She has been waltzing the ' Dreamland ' waltz with Norman Lingard, who has just left her to get her an ice. Ae she sits there alone, a stooping angular figure in shabby evening- dress comes slowly up to where she sits, all unconscious of his approach, and uileatly stands before her. There is an evil light in the man's moody eyes — murder and revenge, in fact, is indelibly illuminating them ; Rosalind, meeting their gaze, recoils involun tarily.- ' Mr. Blount,' she says, laughing uneasily, ' how ghostly you arel You ) 'tartled me horribly. Keaily you nre ,-^nfte too dreadfully ? What shall I v- ' -' say?' She leaves the sentence unfinished, buries her pretty nose in her huge white bouquet — the choice gift of Norman Lingard — ftud then looks out upon the dewy beds of mignonnette. ' Well,' says Blount doggedly, ' what am I, Miss Carlyon?' Rosalind shrugs her shoulders without turning her head. ' Mysterious then,' she says carelessly, ' if you will have it' ' Ah !' ha says abruptly, frowning, and takes Norman's vacant place on the couch by Rosalind's side. * You think I am mysterious, do you V he gees on, « the girl, after a cold stare of surprise at his presumption, fans herself lan guidly with averted face. ? Perhaps I tm. At any iate I am not false ; better be mysterious than that. Yon hare now been engaged to Mr. Norman Lingard for nearly three weeks ; I have during that time seen you constantly in his society, and yet I have not once spoken to yon on the subject of your engagement or congratulated you on your present state of felicity. Can you however wonder that I should avoid you?' ' And I am sure I do not want your congratulations now, Mr. Blount,' says the girl pettishly, ignoring the question and annoyed at his manner, if not a little scared at it. Where on earth was Normnn P What a time he has gone to be sure ! ' Pardon me,' continues Seth Blount immovably, 'for my negligence, my apparent want of feeling. I will make atonement now for my lack of courtesy, and wish you every ? ' ' Thanks,' says Rosalind coldly ; ' you are very good. And now do you mind moving, please ? — for you are in Mr. Liugard's place, and I see him coming over to us.' Norman is with' difficulty making his way through the crowd. He is con siderably taller than any one else present, and he smiles at Rosalind over the heads of the promenaderB. The usher rises, but, bending over the Doctor's daughter, says distinctly in her ear: ' Does your lover know — have you yet told him— of that little affair between you and me in the days before he came home?' The girl looks up quiekly ; her flower like face blanches, and her blue eyes — in spite of her effort to appear dignified and at ease— quail perceptibly before Jiis. , I do not understand you, Mr. Blount \- 1 really do not understand you What do you mean?' ' That is false I you understand quite well what I mean!' he answers between his wolfish teeth. 'I shall speak to your lover myself.1 At this Rosalind Carlyon throws off the mask. She is terribly frightened ; she has never dreamed that the usher ?would be so hard and cruel on her. She lifts her pale face piteously. 'No, no, no!' she says hurriedly, i 'I beg of you, Mr. Blount, to say nothing to Norman. You are cruel to torment me in this fashion !' Norman, she is thinking wildly, is so noble and true ; he is so strict now in all his notions, especially in regard to a woman's conduct. What would he Ray if he were to hear of her heartless coquetry sind of the pranks she has played with other men ? He would throw her ever if he were to hear ; he would have nothing more to do with her, she is certain. She is faint with appre hension. Norman Lingard by degrees comes nearer and nearer through the crowd. ' You must not — indeed you must not, say anything to Norman. I again beseech of you, Mr. Blount, to keep your mouth closed !' she gasps out, her little hands meeting convulsively in her lap round the stalks of Norman's flowers. ' You will not be so pitiless, I am sure I I will speak to you to morrow 1 I will— I will ? ' ' Call me by my Christian name then,' he says rouphly, looking hungrily down on the pale uplifted face with yearning and passion in his cruel eyes. ' It will not be the first time.' He. can humiliate her no further; Norman is close at hand. 'Seth, spare me!'— the words scarcely audible. ' I am sorry, Hoealind,' says Norman, coming up, ' to have been 60 long away ; but there was a regular block at the refreshment department. My darling' —suddenly observing the pallor of her face — ' how pale you look I Are you faint?' 1 Yes — the room is suffocating,' she says. ' I do Kit want to dance again at present. Take me into the garden; Norman.' He piits down on the seat the good things he has brought her, and holds out his arm to her at once. Rosalind staggers to her feet. The usher's uncouth figure bars the way. 'Excuse me, Miss Carlyon,' he says with intention ; ' you have not ye't told me which dance you will give me to-night.1 ' I have not one left to give you, Mr. Blount. My card is full.' ' You forget,' Blount says boldly, de liberately, 'you promised me one. Which is it to be ?' She allows the lie to pass unchallenged, and glances down her programme with eyes that can hardly see. ' I will give you the fourteenth,' Bhe says faintly — ' a quadrille ? ' ' Move aside man, can't you ?' Norman interposes haughtily. 'Don't you per ceive that Miss Carlyon is unwell — why bother her now ?' Seth Blount falls back with an awk ward bow; and Rosalind and her stal wart lover disappear from his jealous sight. 'I bide my time,' says the usher darkly, with an oath, his soul on fire. ' I will have my revenge.' ?»**♦* There is no formal ' sit-d*wn ' supper on these breaking-up occasions at Doctor Carlyon's bouse, but there is always a liberal collation to be found on. the dining-room table, round which ? the well-drilled servants stand in wait ing, and the guests are expected to go in and feast themselves when prompted by inclination to do bo. It is three-quarters of an hour after midnight, and Rosalind finds herself in the refreBhment-room with young Adair. They have been dancing a polka together, and are now come hither to recruit themselves after the exertion. Rosalind looks a little fagged perhaps, and there are purple rimB under her eyes. Her blight hair is slightly dishevelled, the silver wreath just a trifle on one side ; the cloudy blue gown, which bud looked so fresh and crisp at the beginning of the evening, is sadly crushed and spoilt now as she sits with young' Adair. For all that, she is as gay and light-heai-tcd as ever, and nobody suspects that .the gaiety is forced. ' Mr, Adair,' she says timidly, ' I hove a favour to ask you.' ' It is granted,' answers the lad gal lantly. ' And now let me hear it.' ' I am engaged to you for the four teenth dance ' — hesitatingly. ' Yes.' 1 Well, you must let me off, please,' says the girl earnestly. ' That is the favour.1 ' Oh, bang it all I' protests the lad in an injured tone. ' Is not that rather too hard on a fellow, Jliss Carlyon ?' He is still very ' spoony,' as he calls it, on tho Doctor's daughter -, but the knowledge of her engagement to the mauler of Cliff House is a wholesale check on any tendency to further foolishness in that direction. His virulent attack of calf-love is gradually abating as the days go by. 1 Listen to me, Mr. Adair,' Rosalind says, laying her hand on his coat-sleeve, in her pretty coaxing way — and who could resist the pleading of those lovely eyes of herd ? ' I have danced with you once — that must satisfy you. It — it appears that I promised Mr. Blount a quadrille or something — at least, he declares I did- and I forgot nil about it until my card was full; and— and then he came up and reminded me of my promise, and— and now he will not hear of a refusal, and is inclined to be nasty, don't yon know ? I am sure you will help me to pacify him, Mr. Adair — you are so kind.' 'The blooming cadi' says young Adair fiercely. ' I'd like to pacify him by giving him a good hiding/ 'Will you release me?'— softly, her hand still resting on his arm. ' I suppose I must ; I have given my word. But, hang it all, Miss Carlyon, i wish I was giving up my dance to any other fellow but him — the little pup I I'd like to have him for a punching bag for just five minutes. I'd send him home with such a disfigured face that his mother wouldn't know him.' ' Thank you exceedingly,' Rosalind hastens to say, with a smothered sigh of intense relief. ' And now let us forget that odious man and talk once more of your splendid acting.' ' You really did not think me a duffer then, Miss Carlyon?' says the young fellow eagerly, his vanity tickled by this delightful adulation.' ?You were perfect,' answers the girl, with feverish emphasis. 'You were indeed !' 'Oh, Miss Carlyon,' begins the lad impulsively, his flushed boyish fare dangerously near to Rosalind's. Then the wild sweet strains of some favourite composer make themselves heard, and Rosalind jumps up. ' You must come and help me to find my partner,' 3he says quickly, 'or I shall lose this exquisite waltz. It is quite too lovely, is it not, Mr. Adair ? Cornel' 4 He sighs and obeys. * * * * * The cool dawn breaks through the sultry darkness, and the tired guests depart. Miss Melissa, as ' cross aB two sticks,' is, with the assistance of a maid, ex tinguishing the nickering lights. In the dusky corner of the wide old hall, a light coat over his evening-clothes, stands Norman Lingard with Rosalind Carlyon. Be is the last to go. ' Make haste to bed, my dearest,' he says tenderly. ' You are as while as a ghost. Have you enjoyed yourself as much as you hoped V ' I have been with ypu, Norman,1 she answers gently. ' How could I be otherwise'than happy V He holds her once more to his breast ; she clings to him as though she could never let him go. But he quits her at last, aod a rush «f fresh sea air sweeps in at the open door. Then Rosalind, in broad daylight, creeps upstairs tojier room, and, in all her limp finery, the silver wreath still on her hair, throws herself upon the bed, and cries herself to sleep. She is bo faint aid weary — so glad to be alone at laat. She danced with the usher, as she swore she should— danced with him in silence, with « cold fear closing round her heart. His Etrauge sfience was worse than his speech ; the gloom on his rugged face was horrible to see. At the last however, before taking her to a seat, he did speak ; and then Rosalind under stood that he was a man who could never forgive' nor forget. 'I bide ny time,' he said sullenly. ' I will have my revenge — never fear 1' And thon he left her. To Bk Concluded. 