The Cardinal at Waverley. ST. CHARLES' GIVES £200 TOWARDS ST. MARY'S. On Sunday morning last his Eminence the Cardinal visited St. Charles' Church, Waverloy, in connection with the special parochial collection in aid of St. Mary's Building Fund. As the last touches to the completed portion of the cathedral are in progress, and as it is intended to consecrate it towards the end of the year, there is a necessity of wiping out the exisliiiK debt, and as a moans to this end the parochial collections have been answering fairly well. The Sacred Heart Church, Darlinghurst, which waB the first visilod by the Cardinal Archbishop, responded exceptionally, well, and gave over £300, a most exemplary object lesBon to the other parishes. Since then, however, the collection has not re sultod so happily. At St. Francis' Church, Haymarkot, the next nhurch visited, the financial barometer fell, and £156 repre sented the result. At St. Joseph's Churoh, Woollahra, there was yet another drop, £120 being the contribution of this parish. This falling down, wook by week, from the siim subscribed by the inaugurating parish, gave rather a chill to those inter eBted in t,ho effort, and their anticipations were not highly coloured on Sunday last, when the}' attended St. Charles's to hear the result, especially as this parish has had a good many calls lately, to say nothing of prospective additions to the church. But St. Charles's omorged from the fray covered with honour, and with a response of £200 jumped easily into second place on the list. His Eminonco the Cardinal, who arrived to proBide at the J. 1. o'clock Mass, was received by the Franciscan Fathers of tho mission, the church committee and a guard of honour provided by members of tho Hibernian Catholic Benefit Society and the Australian Holy Catholic Guild. Among thoso proaont we noticed Me asm J. M'Laughlin, iVJ.L.A., D. Curtin, Ovvon Carroll, W. Donovnn, A. G. Donovan, Alderman Edward Power, Captain O'Flanagan, Messrs. M. Hugarty, N. Head, J. J. Mullaney, J. I. Hunt, R. O'Koefleo arid Madigan, whilst Warden T. J. M'Oabo was in charge of tho Guilds, aud Mr. M'Guigan of tho Hibernians. Hia Eminonco tho Cardinal presided at Mass, which waa colobraiod by the Rev. Father O. A. HyUnd, O.F.M., auaibtod by the Very Rev. Father P. B. Konnedy, O.F.M., and tho Rev. Father G. P. Birch, O.F.M. Tho choir rendered Haydn's Kith Mass. The soloists wore Mrs. Hunt, Miss Cannon, Mr. Ellis and Mr. Fred Leston. Mrs. G, Browor presided at tho organ, whilst Mr. J. Traopy oonduoted. At tho conclusion of the Mass his Emin enoo preached an eloquent sermon, touching on the sacrifice of tho Mass, and tho triumphs of Holy Church throughout tho ages, from the spiritual victories of tho first fathers, worshipping at tho alt are they had orootod in tho bowola of tho earth when driven to tho Oataoombs, down to tho pre sent day, when nations all over. tho oarth vio with ono another in thoorootion of ningnifloont oathodrals as a material evidence of how Huorodly thoy regard tho horitngo handed down to Holy Church by Our Saviour. On 200,000 altars throughout Ohrintondom tho Holy Stiorifloe of tho Mass wan o fibred up ovory day. Ho pointed out that although tin* humblest altar in tho world was tho Hanio to tho MoHt High an that orootod in all tin) grandeur that wealth omild oom nidiidi it was fitill lioocHHary for uh to show in a material way our spiritual dovotion, mid what was a moro fitting way to do this [.han in tho erection of a beautiful lomplo to house tlio altar upon whioh wo oiioroa . up our anoriuuo v.o i*ou. Whatever our lovo could, glvo, whatever, our roanurooH could command, theme should bo frodly poured out in tlio sorviao of tho MoHtlHglij and in tho magnifioont Oatho drain whioh adorned tlio world wo saw an ovldomin of tho dovotodnoHs of tho iiioinborH of Holy Church, who by thoir material Mauri IIooh havo oroatod thuHO glorious tosti nionlos to tlioir spiritual fervour and holy huuI. Ho trusted that St, Mnry'a Otithadnvl would bo a tribute to tlio Moat High on bolialf of tho faithful of Now South Wulou— a monument of thoir nloty, » monument of thoir lioroio dovotednosn, and an abid ing uioiiiorial of tho fact that tho ohildron of tho Church in thin oolony liud boon faithful to tlio traditions of thoir fathom, and that thoy had nndoiwourad, and not in vain, to lnako a Buitiablo ollbring to Almighty God. In ad« drosalng tho parlnhionorH of tho FmnolBann FathorB iio might rofor that day in a apoolal way to tho olainiH that thoy had upon tho Hanotlty of thoir puoplo, Bomo ,M(10 yoarw ugo when tho Spaniuh Hoot touuhod tho hIkh'oh'oI. AuRtralia and tho Admiral Do Q.ttoroH gavo It tho bountiful nnino of tho land of tlio Holy Ghost, tlio Fmnultiuiin FiU-liimi, who wore olmplnlnu to tlio Hoot, liuuiod lit ii jilaoo now known hm ( HudBtmio, in Northoni Quuonsltiud, and (treated a toiviponu'y ohuroli on whoso altar Holy Muhh whm oMWod up for tho flint thuu in Auiitrulia, Tho Admiral of tho Hpnnlnh (loot wiim jn'o hoii!-, and aftor tlui ooroniony thoro wan a pt'ouufwlon of tho MuhuirI Baominont, Two otintui'loa wont by before MiIh illaoovory wan uI/IIIiickI, Howovui1, a hundrud yuiii'fl tigo tho I.'VuiiuIhciiui Fulhuru again uolubratud Maun in Aufltralia, on tho nhorofi of llotuny Bay, and as Australia waa pooplod Clio Catholic faith throvo vigorously, To-day tlio Sacrifice of tho Miihh, oolobrntud so long ago by tho FrauoiBaan FathorH on tho hIioi-oh of Australia, wivb oolobmtod in ovory part of our aontlnont, TIuih tho Franainoan FathorH had apodal olnitnn to havo thoir namo worthily mmoolutod with St, Mary'n, In oonoluHlon, ho trimtod that tho ploty of tho pivrlrihtonora of St. Charloa' would not lonvo thoir Hharo of tho duty undouo, and that thoy would bo worthy of thoir tradi tlonf) and bo an objoot of oxamplo to.tlio future gonoraUon, Tho oolloutlon wan thon' taken up, and at ltn oonoluHion hln JUmlnonoo iinnounocd thai) It uniountud to ;('200, Tho following aro the iirinaipul iiumuiilfj t-~Mrn, OraVon, ;Ufl0 ) tho VrixnolHoan FiitliorH of tho Wuvorlov Miii« Hlmi. £10 » Mi1. Juuion M'Shiwry, £10 J0« | Mr. I1. J. Hurley, ;Ufl flu I Mr. .7. M'Luuulf lln, M,L,A,, iUO fin) Mi'H, R, Dalloy, £ti \ Mr, D, Oui'tin, £flj Mr, A. G, Donovan, £H Mat Mv, W, K Donovuli, ,CH Sin j Mrti, R, Daly, £.'IMh | SpoiioorNolun, ;0U 2a - D, H, Rynti, £2 2m i M. Hogai'ty, £2 2h i Oorrlgan, £LJ Ui j R, S. GIUIh, £2} MrH, Loguo, £2) Mvh. MoGrath, £1 Ihj MosHi'fl. Pioroo Butltir, £1 la; John Burko, £1 Ihj M, F, lOgan,. £1 Ih) NloholnH Head, £1 ..Ihj W, Lawloi1,, £1 .Ih i Nurno Glaahoon, £1 Is i Mr, T, J, MaOabo, £1 la j Mrn, Bat'low, £1 Ih j Mr. Mluliuol OoiniuiH, £1 Ih) Captain O'.FIaua gun, £1 Ih'j Mophi'ii, M(iMahonBt'oii,,iCI In) MoiiHt'H. Tuohy, £1 Ih i J, Kolly, ti\ Ih i ii, O'Oonuor, £1 In t 1'. J, O'DHhooII, £1 \ J, J, Hunt, ;JM | Mrn, 1'ratt, £1 i Mi'ii, J, A, Gratd,£.l i MIhh Plilblm, £.1 j Mr, P, Hyno, £1 | Mr. Owoii Carroll, £1. Whllnt Uianklng tho prloHtB and par« IhIiIoiiui'h of St, CharluB* for thoir gouorouH l'ojqioiiHo, Iiih Jilmlnonou tnontlonud tho appitront nuooimlty for iidrHtloiui to tho olnu'oli, and gavo thoni pui'inifjHlou to talco* the work In hand, 