The Sydney Morning Herald. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1900. Mr. Bennet Burleigh states that the Boers were quitting Spion Kop when the retirement of the British caused them to return. Sir Redvers Buller had detached a force to cause a diversion in the enemy's ranks on the following day. At the time Sir Redvers Buller took this stop he did not know that the kop had been abandoned by the British. The report that Sir Redvers Buller expects to be in Ladysmith within a week has been confirmed. A Hanoverian member of M. Villebois de Marcuil's staff declares that there are 10,000 trained European soldiers and 300 European officers assisting the Boers. Colonel Baden-Powell reports that on January 17 the Mafeking garrison compelled the beseigers to withdraw some guns to ineffective positions. In the House of Commons on Thursday night the Under-Secretary for War stated that by the middle of February there would be in South Africa 180,600 British troops, including 7073 Canadians and Australians, and 26,000 Natal and Cape troops. There would be 37,800 mounted men, and 452 guns, HO 110 being of heavy calibre. It was estimated that the Boers had 60,000 men and 110 guns. The Under-Secretary for War also stated that prior to the issue of the Transvaal ultimatum Sir Redvers Buller was satisfied that the proportion of cavalry arranged for was sufficient. The debate on the Address in Reply in the House of Commons would have collapsed on Thursday but that the whips had arranged that a division should be taken on Tuesday next. The Western Australian second contingent em- barked on the transport Surrey at Fremantle yesterday amid great enthusiasm. February 11 has been fixed as a day for special intercession in prayer in the Church of England and in the Presbyterian Church for the success of British arms in the war. A sitting of the Creswell Royal Commission was held yesterday. Dr. Norton Manning, for many years Inspector General of Insane, gave evidence with regard to his examinations of Creswell. No alteration has occurred with regard to the strike of carpenters and joiners. A deputation waited on the Premier yesterday and protested against the further sale of State lands, and incidentally the selling of Government property in Martin-place. Mr. Lyne said that the sale of lands generally by the Government was now a mere bagatelle, and with regard to the Martin-place property he did not feel disposed to withdraw it from sale. During last year 2356 tons of copra were shipped from Nukualofa, Tonga. The Public Works Committee yesterday again had before it the expediency of constructing about 600ft. of wharfage on the west side of Woolloomooloo Bay. Mr. J. H. Maiden, of the Botanic Gardens, was most emphatic in his oppo- sition to any interference with the foreshores of the Domain. The committee agreed to recom- mend the construction of the wharf, and an ex- tension northward of another 100ft. The revenue of Victoria for January was £628,885, an increase of £46,676 as compared with January of last year. Another large bush fire broke out on Thursday in the Penshurst district, Victoria. 5000 acres of grass were destroyed. The benefit cricket match, Australian Eleven v. Rest of Australia, in aid of the Patriotic and Bushmen's Contingent Funds, was commenced yesterday. The scores are—Australian Eleven, 237 ; Rest of Australia, 57 runs for two wickets. Foreign Powers are contracting largely for the supply of Welsh steam coal, and the " Times " expects that famine prices will have to be paid for the fuel till the middle of March. The British newspapers urge that an embargo should be placed on the contracts. The Queensland Government intends to take every means to have the offer of the Eastern Ex- tension Telegraph Company rejected on the ground that it imperils the Pacific cable. Last month the gold yield of the colony was 42,176 oz., or 3,168oz. in excess of the yield for the corresponding period of 1899. Mr. Edmund Barton, the representative of New South Wales on the Federal delegation to Eng- land, was bidden farewell yesterday at the Town Hall by a large and representative gathering. Mr. Barton said that the delegation would sug- gest that it would not be reasonable or just or proper that the Imperial Parliament should amead the Australian Commonwealth Constitution Bill. Speaking at the farewell to Mr. Barton yester- day, Sir George Dibbs said that the anti-billites bowed to the inevitable. In this case the majority must rule. Mr. C. C. Kingston has accepted the position For CHOCOLATE, pure, wholesome, nourishing, sustaining, Griffiths Bros., 534 George-st.—Advt. of South Australian representative on the Federal delegation. At Melbourne yesterday Mrs. Fraser was com- mitted for trial on a charge of having on Sep- tember 23, at St. Kilda, shot her husband, Dr. Fraser, with intent to murder. A mining speculator, Frank J. Board, was found dead in a bedroom of the Crescent Coffee Palace last night, with a revolver clasped in his hand. The buoyancy of the monetary situation is maintained because nothing is in sight to weaken it. Yesterday there were no notable changes in prices in the Import market. Very few whole- sale lines of groceries moved off. In the Mining market less activity prevailed. Western Australian stocks were hardly so firm as on the previous day. Broken Hill Silver stocks were more buyant. The customs revenue received yesterday amounted to £6745. The R.M.S. Arcadia, from Sydney, arrived at Colombo on 31st ultimo. When a veteran critic of the stage like Mr. Clement Scott chooses to give his re- miniscences to the public, and when they extend over so interesting a period as that covered by the last 40 years, we may ex- pect to be told a great deal about the theatre and the function of the critic which is not usually available to the general reader. During so long a period as that named the stage itself, and also the professors of the histrionic art, have undergone a marked transformation. The prevailing fashion or taste changes in the drama as in everything else. It has its periods of stagnation and of active development and advance. The status of the actor and of the actress changes, and leading members of the profession move in society like other successful professional people, and with a good deal more acceptance and distinction than most. It is impossible to follow a long story of the stage such as Mr. Scott tells without being led to distinguish these develop- ments and the causes to which some of them are attributable. It is the custom to say in some quarters that there is no love lost between the profession and its critics, and if we were to believe too implicitly all that is lightly said on the subject it would almost seem that the main aim and object of the critic's existence is to seek to deprive the poor player of his well-earned meed of credit and applause. There is another point of view, however, and it is that usually taken from the standpoint of honest criticism. Looked at in this way, it is urged that the stage owes to the critic not only the popularity which it enjoys, and the public interest which it excites, but that even the individual player should credit the same fairy god- father with his improved status and profits and the increased esteem in which he is held in the community. Time was when an actor was a rogue and vagabond by Act of Parliament, but the press has by its criticism and its publicity raised the profession far above that reproach now. It is to be expected that a veteran critic like Clement Scott, who during many years has exercised an influence second to that of no other individual con- nected directly or indirectly with the drama, should stand out in defence of his order on this point. " View it as an art, or a means to artistic effort, or view it merely as a commercial enterprise," he says, " publicity is the life blood of the stage." It does not re- quire much consideration to prove the soundness of this contention. It is quite true that people went to theatres at a time when dramatic criticism was not considered a necessary part of a news- paper's business, and that they would continue to go if the press ceased to take any notice of theatrical per- formances. But it is to be ob- served that it has only been since press criticism became a necessary and regular part of the function of the newspaper that the standing of the theatre and of the players improved. By its means the names of actors and actresses are kept before the public, the labours of the dramatist receive better recognition, and the rewards of both are much greater than they were in the old days. Mr. Scott, at all events, holds a strong opinion as to the advantage the stage and dramatic art have gained by independence of criticism, and by fair, frank, and outspoken words addressed to the public at large by those who are responsible for them. Such words, he contends, are written in the direct interests of the art and its profes- sors, but he ventures a statement which will hardly pass without comment when he says that such criticism ought not in any circumstances to be reviewed, called in question, or influenced by the dramatic profession that brings it into existence. It is natural enough that the actor who lives on popu- lar applause should be somewhat vain and proportionately resentful of criticism. The fearless critic who says what he thinks, and says it plainly and more or less forcibly in the degree of the strength of his convictions, must expect to disappoint the objects of his criticism sometimes. Mr. Scott says that gallons and hogsheads of refreshing praise are immediately tainted and soured by one tiny drop of blame, and doubtless he speaks from experience. He found that critics like Oxenford and Blanchard were influenced by this consideration, and showed rather a tendency to shirk the responsibilities of independence. We may take it for granted that this attitude made things pleasanter for themselves and for their associations with the players of their time. But if the opinion of this critic of a later day is to be gathered from what he says in his autobiography, the stage of their time might have shown a more pro- gressive and a truer and nobler art had these old friends of his been more outspoken. There has nearly always been good criticism of the British stage, at any rate when the commanding talent of a first- class actor or actress offered the requisite material. For it need hardly be said that criticism or comment on dramatic subjects must be non-existent where there is no- thing to criticise. But the comment of writers like Hazlitt and Lamb was not, it must be remembered, written for next morning's newspaper. It took the form of a set essay, and in our days it often ranks as literature. It was not fresh-minted for the occasion, and except in great instances it did not bring the actor or actress as vividly before the public next morning as he or she was behind the footlights on the previous evening. The dramatic critic as jour- nalism now knows him is a very modern product, and the outcome of con- ditions and demands which he and his work largely helped to produce, it they did not actually create them. The public has been forced to give a certain amount of its attention to the theatre by the very publicity which the doings of theatrical artists and dramatists have commanded. It is the verdict of Mr. Scott, after his forty years of work, that the profession owes it to the modern methods of criticism that its art has advanced, that the interest in its work is keener, and that salaries have increased ten and twenty fold since the days of Webster and Buck- stone, before the " candle snuffer " dis- appeared from the theatre, and when the manager of the Haymarket, walking backward and bearing a lighted wax candle in each hand, welcomed the Queen and Prince Consort with old-fashioned courtesy to the Royal box. For nearly twenty years now has Osman Digna out an interesting figure in Soudan politics, and the cable which informed us the other day that he had been sentenced to imprisonment at Rosetta brings his stirring history practically to a close. There was, indeed, nothing admirable or striking in the man's character. A slave-dealer, who found that the hopes of his gain had gone when the Anglo-Egyptian Convention proclaimed the cessation of the iniquitous trade, Osman Digna saw that his only chance of securing wealth and position lay in join- ing the Mahdi. He brought to the service of this impostor a wide and accurate knowledge of the interior of the Soudan gained in the hunt for slaves. Utterly unscrupulous and merciless he was just the man Mohammed el Mahdi wanted to help him in his struggle for power, or, as he put it, " to revive the true religion." His influence with the tribes in the neigh- bourhood of Suakim was very great, and nobody but he could for so long a time have stimulated them in their hopeless opposition to the Anglo-Egyption advance. Mercilessly cruel he ruled by fear, and the great numbers of mutilated human beings in the territory under his control bore witness to the barbarity of his methods of government. He never forgot to appeal to the religious instincts of his fanatical followers, and he would gravely assure them that the earth had opened and swallowed their enemies. But for all his cruelty he was an interesting person- ality. The ingenuity which he displayed in escaping capture made his name well known to us. At one time Lord Kitchener, then a plain colonel, made elaborate preparations for Osman's capture, but just when success seemed inevitable the wily emir, whose horse had been shot, mounted a passing camel, and was soon beyond the reach of pursuit. His genius for intrigue is sufficiently shown by the fact that he remained the trusted friend and ad- viser of the Mahdi and of his successor, men of opposite tendencies, but both in- tensely suspicious of able subordinates. It is indeed well for Osman Digna that British influence is paramount in Egypt. If it had happened that his capture had been made in other days, when the country was under Turkish Government, the punishment meted out to him for his offences would have been considerably more severe than imprison- ment. The man who had inflicted such grievous defeats on Egyptian arms, and who had for s0 long defied the Khedive's authority, would have been made to feel in his own person some at least of the misery which he had made his victims feel. The Turks, ingenious in little else, have shown considerable apti- tude in devising methods of torture for their captured enemies, and the ruling body in Egypt, before the days of the British occupation, had at least maintained the reputation of their friends in this respect. In place of such punish- ment as he himself had administered to persons who opposed or threatened his authority, Osman Digna has been simply sentenced to imprisonment in Rosetta. To a man accustomed for sixty years and more to the wild freedom of the desert this is of course a heavy punishment. Memories of the old days when Haroun al Raschid founded the city, or, later, when St. Louis made it the basis of his crusading operations, will little serve to soothe the mind of the crafty emir. Never again will he be able to administer what he called justice to trembling offenders, or to engage in the wild fights of the dervishes against Egyptians or Abys- sinians. Never again will he raid peace- ful villages, carrying off the inhabitants into slavery. Unless he should chance to escape from his prison, his place in Soudan- ese affairs is as much a matter of the past as are the places of the dead Mahdi and his successor, the Khalifa Abdullah. Curiously enough, it was just at the time that Osman Digna was sent by the Mahdi to the Eastern Soudan as emir that another man who had troubled the peace of Egypt was sentenced to perpetual exile and landed in Ceylon. This was Arabi Pasha, who, having gained supreme control over the Government of the Khedive Tewfik, thought himself strong enough to upset the control over the finances possessed by Great Britain and France. There then followed in close succession the armed intervention of the British, Admiral Beauchamp Sey- mour's bombardment of Alexandria and Sir Garnet Wolseley's victory over Arabi Pasha at Tel-el-Kebir. The defeated statesman surrendered, and stood his trial for rebellion. He pleaded guilty, and was in due course sentenced to death, only to have his sentence commuted to exile for life. His plots and efforts were as effectually ended by his imprison- ment as they would have been by his death. The same may be said of that most famous of political prisoners of this century. Napoleon Bonaparte, killed at the head of his troops in the moment of victory or even of defeat, would have supplied a stirring motive to French imperialism; Napoleon Bonaparte, buried alive in St. Helena, had no element of romance about him. He was simply a person whom the European Powers thought unfit to be at large—a dangerous criminal on a large scale. In the same way, the imprisonment of Osman Digna, whose frequent escapes from capture must have excited at least as much interest amongst his followers as they did in the world at large, will affect the dying cause of Mahdism more vitally than his execution would have affected it. Though he escaped again and again, the dervishes will admit he was captured at last, and now lives a prisoner. Traditions are sacred things, any tam- pering with which we are inclined to forcibly resent, but we are getting fresh evidences every day of the activity of that class of disturbing folk who seem to devote their energies to upsetting some of the world's most cherished beliefs in the region of legend. An account of the latest example in this direction is furnished by a London journal, which tells us that the traditional story, of Count Ugolino's can- nibalistic repast on his two children and two grandchildren seems to have been without foundation. In the Ninth Circle of Dante's " Inferno" we come upon Count Ugolino, the legend con- cerning whom was to the effect that he was bricked up by Archbishop Ruggieri in the Hunger Tower ot Pisa, together with his offspring. This incident has been commemorated in countless sonnets and immortalised in many canvases, all of which were based on the sup- position that Count Ugolino sup- ported his own life at the expense of his children and grandchildren. Dante's line says, "Then hunger did what sorrow could not do," and upon this the story is based. Now we learn that recent excavations made in the Monastery of St. Francis at Pisa, of which the Hunger Tower once formed a part, have disclosed the remains of what are sup- posed to be Count Ugolino, his children, and grandchildren, " all intact, without a trace of the inhuman feast which was alleged to have taken place," and the discovery which puts an end to a poetic and artistic fiction is, we are told, causing considerable commotion among Italian men of letters. This is natural enough, for the legend is one of long standing, and has become interwoven into artistic and literary records. We have another and less warrantable departure from actually existing fact in the belief concerning the Car of Jugger- naut. There is perhaps no more frequent illustration employed in contemporary literature than that dealing with this inci- dent in Indian religious life. Speakers and writers who wish to force home some em- phatic point in their discourse seize readily on this Juggernaut legend. It has served a hundred and one purposes, from stern moralisings to sentimental fancies. Unfortunately, however, for the aptness of the illustration, this Juggernaut legend, as many of our readers are aware, is not supposed to bear close investigation. The town of Juggernaut, on the coast of Orissa, has attained its claim to fame on account of the temple erected there in honour of Vishnu, and in this temple there is an idol of the Hindu god called Jaggannath or Juggernaut. The chief of the many festivals held throughout the year is the car festival, when Juggernaut is dragged on his car, which is 45ft. high and has sixteen wheels, each 7ft. in diameter, to his country house. Though the distance is less than a mile, the heavy sand makes the journey a long and toilsome one. The current belief has been that the car festi- val was the occasion for numerous instances of self- immolation, " the frantic devotees committing suicide by throwing themselves before the wheels of the heavy car." Authorities that are readily available show us that this belief is due entirely to the fertile imagination of some English writers. Sir W. W. Hunter carefully examined the whole evidence of the subject from the year 1580 down to recent times, and came to the conclusion that self-immolation was entirely opposed to the worship of Juggernaut, and that the rare deaths at the car festival were almost always accidental. These findings he placed on record some years ago, but the legend had a start of him, and his correction has not yet over- taken it. Looking in another direction, we find an instructive parallel in the case of Dr. Johnson and the Cock Lane Ghost. Churchill, as we know, in his poem " The Ghost " draw a carica- ture of Dr. Johnson under the name of " Pomposo," representing him as one of the believers in the story of a ghost in Cook Lane which in 1762 was exciting general attention. Boswell manfully spoke up for his hero, and tried to clear him of the calumny. " Many of my readers, I am convinced," he said, " are to this hour under the im- pression that Dr. Johnson was thus fool- ishly deceived ;" but he thinks it will con- siderably surprise them to hear upon undoubted authority that " Dr. Johnson was one of those by whom the imposture was detected," and that he wrote an account of it which was published in the newspapers and in the " Gentleman's Magazine." In spite of this action on the part of the worthy doctor, and the vigorous support given to his memory by his henchman Boswell, we still, at intervals, hear it gravely asserted that Dr. Johnson believed in the Cock Lane Ghost. Thus, as traditions die hard, we may expect for some time to come a further continuance of belief in the horrible practices of Juggernaut, and no less in the gruesome story of Count Ugolino in the Hunger Tower. Yet we cannot fail to observe that not only in the realms of fancy and history, but in every depart- ment of life, traditions are being super- seded or are grown out of. The world has in recent times swiftly drifted away from that nebulous region of fable and romance in which of old it rested, and from which much of its store of imaginative ideas was gathered. We are not, however, to suppose that the instinctive feeling that has from time immemorial swayed mankind has perished. Rather are we to recog- nise that it has altered in com- plexion and not in intensity. The trend of thought has changed somewhat, for with the great scientific developments of the present century ideas have been directed into a new channel. At times we find superficial observers characterising the present as an unimaginative, prosaic age, but in reality the marvellous dis- coveries in countless fields of investi- gation have furnished material for fascinating speculation which mankind has not failed to avail itself of to the full. The feats present and to come of wizards like Edison, Tesla, and Marconi afford scope for illimitable soar- ing in the dazzling realms of fancy, for no fairy legend of the poet ever approached in power of captivating the imagination the wonders achieved by these giants of science. A searching, critical spirit we may discern as characteristic of modern thought, but certainly not one averse from the spell of golden possibilities inherent in the life around us. If we still partly cling to the formulas of the past, we are rapidly replacing them by others richer and fuller that spring naturally from the spacious times in which we dwell. CABLE COMMUNICATION.—The Postmaster-General has received the following message :—"The cable Saint Thomas-Loanda has been restored." THE CITY RAILWAY.—It is understood that the Parliamentary Standing Committee for Public Works will on Tuesday afternoon take into con- sideration the expediency of extending the rail- way into the city. Two phases of the subject will doubtless be inquired into—one referring to the erection of a central railway station at Red- fern, and the other the actual extension—although it is not quite clear in what order they will be dealt with. The chairmen of the committee de- sires that any persons wishing to give evidence in the matter will come prepared with written statements clearly defining their ideas. COAL BUSINESS AT DARLING HARBOUR.—A deputation, representing wood and coal merchants, waited upon the Railway Commissioners yester- day morning to urge that the removal of the wood and coal business from Darling Harbour to Darling Island was a serions matter to those represented by the deputation, causing them so much increased expenditure for cartage that their business would be greatly prejudiced, and asking that the Commissioners would continue the business at Darling Harbour. In reply, the Chief Commissioner explained to the deputation that the transfer was the outcome of the expansion of business generally ; more room was absolutely required at Darling Harbour, and the Commis- sioners had diverted to Darling Island that portion of the business which they considered would cause the minimum amount of inconvenience, and they regretted they could not again return the business to Darling Harbour. The deputation then asked whether a concession could be given in the shape of extended time for the removal from the ground after unloading. The Chief Commissioner said this question would be considered. NORTH SHORE BRIDGE.—The hon. secretary to the Northern Suburbs Municipal Committee (Mr. W. Barnett Smith) has received a communi- cation from the Under-Secretary and Commis- sioner for Roads, stating that at the request of Mr. E. M. Clark, M.L.A., he forwarded two copies each of the conditions of design and tender, site plan, and section, showing the position and borings of the proposed North Shore bridge, for the use of the Northern Suburbs Municipal Committee. THE REFORM PARTY IN CHINA.—Writing with regard to the Palace intrigues at Pekin, under date January 6, our Hongkong correspondent says :— At Pekin things are still in much the same state, except that the Empress Dowager has once again allowed her hatred for Kang Yu Wei, the re- former, to make itself apparent. She has issued an edict, in the name of the Emperor, which pur- ports to set forth his gratitude to his Imperial aunt for saving him from the arch rebel, and offers a reward for his capture or assassination which shall be " beyond the dreams of anyone." Kang Yu Wei is, however, safely lodged in Hong- kong, and the police are taking precautions to pre- vent any adventurous Celestial from earning the promised blood-money. His secretary, who, by the way, is an Australian-born Chinaman, called upon me the other day, and in the course of con- versation informed me that Kang would probably shortly leave either for Hawaii or Australia, so you may soon have him among you. He would certainly be safer out of Hongkong, as we are too near to Chinese territory here to make his resi- dence particularly secure, despite the elaborate precautions taken for his safety. NEW SOUTH WALES GOLD YIELD FOR JANUARY.—The monthly return of the gold yield within the colony prepared by the Department of Mines shows that during last month the produc- tion was 42,176oz., or 3166oz. in excess of the yield for the corresponding period of 1899. A SYDNEY ARTIST.—Mrs. M. Cohen, a Sydney artist, whose studios are located in the Sydney Arcade, has had three pictures accepted by the Victorian Artists' Society, and they have been hung at the Society's Annual Exhibition. One of the works, entitled " The Sundowner," is typical of a familiar phase in Australian bush life, and the other two depict glimpses of the Domain and Watson's Bay. N.S.W. PATRIOTIC FUND.—We have received £5 5s from Mr. John Briton, £2 2s from Mr. W. A. Mann, £1 1s from Mr. Thomas Pring, and £1 1s from the Heart of Oak Lodge, U.A.O.D., towards this fund. BUSHMEN'S CONTINGENT FUND.—We have re- ceived for this fund £1 1s from Miss Alice Philipps, and £5 3s 9d thrown on the stage during the recital of the " Absent-minded Beggar " by Mr. E. W. Colbert at a public meeting at Murwil- lumbah on the 27th ultimo. We have also received two cheques, one for £9 8s 9d and the other for £8 0s 7d, the former being in response to Mr. Harry Rickards' singing at the Criterion Theatre on Thursday night "The Absent- minded Beggar," whilst the latter amount was contributed at the Criterion Theatre last night. RAINFALL IN JANUARY.—Mr. Russell has appended to a map showing the rainfalls in the colony last month the following summary :—About one- third of the colony had rain above the average, and the other two-thirds have had rain measuring much below the average. Speaking generally, the fall has been very uneven ; for instance, at Walgett the fall was 52 per cent. above the average, while at Collarendabri, 30 miles to the north, it was 35 per cent. below. Even west of the Darling this feature is in evidence, one station having 400, and the adjoining one had only 120 points. Sydney also had 167 points, and Wollongong had 603 points. Grafton is the solitary north coast station above the average. The following are percentages below the average :—On the coast south of Sydney, 2 to 46 ; Sydney, 54 ; Hunter River Valley, 18 to 66 ; coast north of Newcastle, 14 to 82, tributaries of the Darling, east 41 to 87 (west, 15 to 52 above, 22 to 85 below ; west of the Darling, 4 to 83 above ; between the Darling, Lachlan, and Bogan (north), 10 to 38 above ; between the Darl- ing, Lachlan, and Bogan (south), 20 to 80 ; the Lachlan and Murray (west), 20 to 90 ; the Lach- lan and Murray (east), 31 to 96. At Tocumwal the fall was 96 per cent ; Albury, 64 ; and Morangarell, 20 per cent. TWO BOYS WOUNDED.—William Robinson, aged 15, residing in Eveleigh-street, Redfern, and Albert Manning, aged 14, living at Crown-street, were treated at Sydney Hospital yesterday for gunshot wounds. Robinson was wounded through two fingers of the left hand, and Manning in the right ankle. The injuries are sup- posed to have been inflicted by the youngsters upon each other while engaged in "playing war," the one acting Boer and the other Briton. The two youths were sent home after treatment. SHARKS IN MIDDLE HARBOUR.—Hitherto the upper waters of Middle Harbour have been con- sidered safe for bathers, and numerous swimmers are to be daily seen in the waters of Long Bay, where extensive sandflats render bathing most enjoyable. Bathers should, however, be very careful to keep a sharp lookout for sharks when indulging in their favourite pastime. Yesterday Mr. J. T. Palmer, of Ridge-street, was swimming a valuable collie dog at Folly Point when a huge shark, measuring about 12ft., suddenly made its appearance and seized the unfortunate animal, which disappeared howling piteously. BATHING FATALITY AT COOGEE.—A sad fatality was yesterday reported from Coogee, as a result of which Miss Alma Lucy Metcalfe, aged 19, residing at Cliffbrooke, Coogee, lost her life. With another young lady Miss Metcalfe entered the water in one of the small bays adjacent to Lloyd's baths. She was unable to swim, and, getting beyond her depth, sank. The alarm was given to the Randwick police, who telephoned to the Baden Baden Hotel, where Mr. Lloyd was communicated with. He hurried to the water and recovered the body. Attempts at artificial respiration were made without success. An inquiry will be held. DEATH AT THE NORTH SHORE HOSPITAL.— About 4 p.m. on Thursday last Sarah Ann Devlin, a single woman, 33 years of age, died at the North Shore Hospital, into which institution she was admitted on the 19th ultimo, suffering from hydatids. In consequence of her complaint an operation was about to be performed and an anaesthetic administered. Certain symptoms showing themselves the patient was restored to sensibility, but within a few minutes expired. Yesterday the City Coroner held an inquest touching her death, when a verdict was returned showing death was due to natural causes. DEATH IN A COFFEE PALACE.—The dead body of a man whose name is presumed to have been Frank J. Board, aged between 35 and 40, was found at 7 o'clock last night in a bedroom of the Crescent Coffee Palace, George-street. A bullet had passed through the head. A revolver was clasped in the right hand, and a double-barrel pistol was found alongside the body. Deceased had been staying at the Coffee Palace for some time. He was described as a mining speculator, and according to his papers he had been interested in De Beer's mines in South Africa. The body was removed to the South Morgue, and the coroner will hold an inquiry at 11 a.m. to-day. FATAL LIFT ACCIDENT.—The City Coroner, Mr. J. C. Woore, held an inquest yesterday into the death of Thomas Mulcahy, aged about 36, a single man and labourer, who died a few minutes after admission to the Sydney Hospital on Thursday afternoon. Deceased was working on the sixth floor of Messrs. John Bridge and Co.'s stores, Harbour-street, unloading flour from the lift. For the convenience of the men handling the bags the lift was raised about 4ft. from the floor. Deceased placed his back against it, and was in the act of taking a bag on his shoulders when the elevator suddenly ascended, and he fell down the well, a distance of about 65ft. No evidence being adduced as to the cause of the lift's sudden ascent the inquest was adjourned until 10 a.m. on Tuesday. KILLED BY MACHINERY.—In the matter of the death of Alexander William Mortimer, who was killed on Thursday through the accidental start- ing of machinery which he was repairing, as reported in yesterday's " Herald," the jury at the Coroner's inquest yesterday recorded a ver- dict of accidental death. To-day is the last day for lodging income tax returns and land tax mortgage returns. Taxpayers are specially reminded that they incur a penalty of £20 unless their returns are furnished to the office of the Commissioners of Taxation within the prescribed time. 