SCIENTIFIC RESULTS OF THE THETIS TRAWLING EXPEDITION. The first instalment ot the scientific results of the trawling cruise of the steamer Thetis has been published to the ordor of the trustees of the Australian Museum, Sydney, and forms a valuable addition to the scientific library of the colony, particularly in those parts which deal with some of the little known fish life of the waters adjacent to the New South Wales coast. The material, arrangement, and sketches of the book are from the brain, pen, and brush of Mr E. R. Waite, F.L.S., zoologist of the Museum. The introduction deals with the trawling and dregd- ing expeditions which had taken place before the Thetis cruise, and incidentally points out that there is small chance of supplying the deficiency of information as to the habits of fish here until a biological station is available. Mr Waite has been handicapped by the paucity of reliable records and the present effort is the first serious attempt to epitomise events in connection with marine reseaich. Descriptions of the modem otter trawl, dredges and tow nets are interesting read- ing, and remarks upon the pelagic life, tempera- tures, soundings, the character of the bottoms and the area traversed by the trawls of the Thetis possess more than a passing intereest for scientists and laymen. But the scientific description of the fishes taken will be read with delight by all in whom the piscatorial and naturalist's instinct is strong. The language in which the description of the fish is couched is not too technical, and any changes made in the nomenclature are only such as appeared necessary when studying the rela- tionship of the various species enumeratcd. Al- together 107 species of fish, representing 95 genera, including a new one, were taken. Of these many were recorded for the first time, and in the case of these which had not previously been figured, Mr Waite has, with pen and brush, given an accurate and artistic presentment of then. Indeed, the artist cannot withhold the keenist admiration for the dainty work of the sketches, which, being done by a scientist, possess accuracy with the artistic effects of light and shade. The common name of many of the fish described has still to be given to them, the scien- tist preferring not to coin common names, most likely in view of the possibility of the fish bearing different names in different parts of the colony. Of those which will attract the greatest atten- tion no doubt the chimaera, or ghost shark, the keel-headed parrot fish, the bellows fish, the box fish, the porcupine fish, the thetis fish (an armed fish something like the bull-rout, capable of in- flicting a painful, venomous wound), two kinds of gurnard, two boar fish, a flounder, and four kinds of soles, are the most notable. A map showing the area of ocean bottoms trawled, under the direction of Mr. F. Farnell, also accompanies the report. A brief account is also given of the ex- periments of the Fisheries Commissioners with the electric light fish-trap along the south coast in November, 1890, all of which were failures. Al- together the book is a credit to Mr Waite, and betokens unremitting work and researoh for many months. 