PURELY MINK REASONS." ., ONLY recently the attitude of the townspeople towards the hospital met with some adverse crit icism in our columns, and we still think thccriticism was warranted, but the chief grievance has been remedied by the town subscribers paying their, subscriptions. Everything connected with the last meeting points to a desire on the part, of the Gwalia committeemen (the President, included) to create and perpetuate difficulties. For the first time since the inception of the hospital the Gwalia committeemen were the only members informed of the last meeting, and ihe consequences were inevitable. A Gwalia committeeman gave notice of motion t,o the effect, that, the money borrowed for t w o y e m s (without, interest) be ref.mded.. We would like to know who primed the committeeman for such a stupendous undertaking, in which the President evidently acquiesced? Then the town delegates, having just heard of the meeting, walked into the room, and, getting an inkling of the intention of the Gwalia to l et,ire from the combination., requested the President to state the reasons, and the response was an awaken mg and a revelation — " purely mine reasons!" Has this been the ghost that has haunted the various committee meetings, insteed of, as supposed, the ; townspeople's lack of interest m hospital affairs ? The m i n e , holds the greater number of subscribers, and the President fciows^ jte^ySbe committee from the Gwalia dp not care to vote as they should, for obvipus , reasons. The Gwalia people liaye a perfect, right, if they wish (and we do not be- it is the wish of the majority of the miners) to establish a hospital of their own, but they cannot legally appropriate the funds of the Leonora hospital. If the rules are worth anything-, according to rule 10 some of the positions now held on the committee are void, and should never have been held. If the Presidents and committeemen h;id attended the meetings regularly perhaps this unpleasantness would have been avoided. 