CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. Dr. Green, AnijHcin BUhn;- of Grafton and Aii.iid-.IK, - ae decn!»l tiifteo-pt the BiBbopno ot Bn lirnt (Vic.), iu suec«ssi:iu to Bishop Thornton, who has rHaigo«rl. B*l arat irf looked upon as the second diooeue in Victoria. ? A1'- a privaco conference in Biisbane last, week, convened by the Bible in Stato Sohoola League, fche Bectetary stated that tho Anglicans, Presby torians. and Weslevans had aeteed upon the aeau ableness of securing tho adoption of the Hew ^'Utn Wales system of religious education in btato BCTlieS' following letter wan published in the Saturday Review of Juno 23:-' United University Cluh. S.W., 20th June, 1900 —Sir,— Do you know tho story of tho pupil-teacher under examination on the New Testim^nc who wrote as an answer, 'On this subject tne Bible iq ulmost entirely silent, but for fall details see Farrar'u Life of Christ. With great cnurugo and fftifch, the directorato o' the Cape Town Young Men's Christian Association have resolved ' to shoulder the responsibility o£ their building' extension scheme, and to _ on with it at once. The contract price is ^10,59d, a mui large enough t) lio heavy on the shoulder or the vigorcus general secretary, Mr. Sprigg. Professor Park, D.D., of Andover, Massachusetts, U.S.A., 'one of tho bett known theologians in. the tlnglisb-Bpeaking world,' is dead. He waH a lineal descendant of tho celebrated divine, Jonathan Edwards. It w.n Professor Pirk who described the modified forma whicU Oalviu'a system theology bns ussumed under tho influence of modern ih-'Ught as' Calvioistic, CalviniBtical,and CalviniE (..ioullnh ' A congress in connection with the Roman Catholic body iu Australasia, convened by Cardinal Moran, 13 to behrld in Sydney in September. The assistance of the clergy and laity throughout this colony is being sought, and we aro informed thatDf. Dwyer, L!»-!v3jutor Bishop of Maitlaud. wi.l preside at a meeting to be held in St. John's Boys' School, on Mondayininht next, for the purpose of tikiug steps to forward the intereets of the Congress. The R'v. Dr. M'Adau, minister of the cathedral, cm h ' t arcustio when he likes, tays the Glasgow Herald. At a social gathering the other evening he was iotroduced to a leading Glasgow gentleman with whom he entered into conversation. The talk had drifted to ecclesiastical matters, and the lay man thought it as well to unmask himself, and he did so by remarking, 'I may say, sir, I belong to the Free Kirk myat-lr'.' With a merry twinkle in bis eye, and a 11 pray don't rpention it' air, the reverend rjoctor whispored, Buothingly, ' I see, I see ' Then, with a feigned eigh, be added, ' We a' h*e oor bits o' fauta.' At the annual meeting of the English Church Union (E.C.U.), held in London last month, Lord Halifax, iLie President, in cloainp his speech, rut.Tred to the ' Declaration' on the Lord's Supper, which had been drawn up by tbe Union, and asked thoBe ' who desired to bear witness to our Lord'B Adorable Presence in tbe Most Holy Sacrament of the Altar, and to the worship, both inward and out ward, tbat is due to Him in that Sacrament,' to signify their assent by standing up, and this all did. In the same Bpeech Lord Halifax thus ex pressed his own faith, aud that of his felion membere, ' God hid in tho womb of the Blessed Virgin, God laid in a manger, God dying on the crose, God present in the UoBt Holy Sacrament of the Atiar, under the forms of Bread and Wine — that is our faith j that is the faith we desire to pro claim.' Tbe following is the ' Declaration' referred to in the last paragraph: — 'We, the memberB ot tne E.C.U., holding fast to the faith and teaching of the one Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church that in .tue Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, the Bresd and Wiae, through the operation of the Holy Ghost,, become ia and by consecration, aceo'ding,to oar Lord's institution, verily »ad indeed the Body and Blood of Christ, and that Cbritt our Lord, present in the same Most Holy Sacrsment of the Altar under the form of Bread and Wine, is to be worshipped and adored, desire, in view of present circumstances, to affirm, in accordance with the teaching of the Churcb, our belief in thia verity of tha Christian Faitb, and to declare that we shall abide by all such' teaching and practice aB follow from this doctrine of the whole Catholic Chureh of Christ.' Tbe meaning and significance of this ' Declariw tion' is thus stated by the Church Reviews — ' If that which lies npon the Altar be the Body of the Lord, as He Himself said It was, It is That essentially and nothing else. Of a grossly carnal figment, such as in thu doctrine of Consnbatantia tion, the Church; of course, knows nothing. If our Lord's words be true, the whole substance of the Bread has been made into the whole substance of tho Saving Victim. That is what the declaration . . . means. This and nothing else. To thia the members of the Union to-day reaffirm their adherence.- ThiB is their answer to tbe pronounce ments made at Lambeth on the 1st of May.' Oa Sunday afternoon the Town Hall waa well, filled, on the occasion of the united religions service arranged to render some further assistance to the starving millions of India. Mr. John Rourke, J.P., presided, and on the platform were — Revs. A. W. Brough (wtw haa lately returned to New South Wales from India, where he has been engaged in mission work for nearly six years), Arthur Kill worth (St. Mary's), P. J. Stephen (Wesleyan), Jam«a Binvie (Presbyterian), and J. Bongers (Con grt'ijation^l). tllr. G. F. King (orginistof St. Mary'e) .presided at the organ, Ifindly lent for the occasion by the officers of the Congregational Church, and the j meeting waa opened with the singing of '.'All ireopie tnac on .aartn aouweu. ir-rayer wua uuereu up by Rev. P.J.Stephen, hymns were sung, and the mating waa addressed by the Revs. W. A. Brongh and Jas. Benvio,. A collection realized over £10. ?? The death is reported of the Rev. Francis O'Donoboe, which occurred ot Wee Waa on Sunday morning laBt, The deceased was brother to the Very. Rev. Joseph O'Donoboe, ot Hamilton, and was in his 34lh year. He was educated for the priesthood at tbe National Ecclesiastical College of Ireland, Maynootb, where he was a moat brilliant student. He was ordained priest in 1895, and be pau missionary work in hi* native diocese. Kilmore. Soon, however, he began to snffer from a lung trouble, tbe result of influenza, and his medical adviserB lecom mended a warm climate as his only hope. When he came to Australia he lived for Bome time with bis brother at Hamilton, but it waB soon deemed necesaary that he should go to some place remote from the sea. It was then that he took up his residence at Wee Waa at the express wish of Dr. Torregiani, Bishop of tbe Diocese of Armidale, who treated him witb the greatest kindoeas. Be was given charge of that mission, which he held I until his de«th. As a priest he was zealous and luiiume, hu wen as learueu, anu nisioss ia regretted by all who fenew him. At the Town Hall on Sunday afternoon Rev. A. W. Brough, formerly pastor of the Congregational Church, West M itland,and who has been sixyears in India, gave an interesting and instructive address on the famine, a full account of ' which appears elsewhore. Mr. Brough says caste is Jargely responsible for the terrible sufferings of the starv ing millions in India ; for the rules of caste forbid those outside the Btarving class rendering any help to their fellow-countrymen. In fact, for a caste man to have anything to do witb a Pariah means loss of caste and prautioally Bocial death, as it is understood in India. However, it ia gratifying to know tbat tho influences of Christianity and of British oivilisation are effecting a change wherever they obtain a hold upon tbe people. Speaking after the meet ing. Rev. James Benvia said there were now about 21,000 miles of railwnya in India — all built within a very short time. Mr. Brongh said the railways were doing a lot to bring the people together. A Pariah boarded a train, and a Brahmin who wanted to travel bad to get into the same carriage, or be left behind. But when the Brahmin got home again he changed bis clothes : those be wore when he rode with the Pariah were defilad, and no self respecting Brahmin would think of wearing them any longer than wan absolutely necessary. 