i CHAPTER XVI.-THE MARRIAGE OF DONNA DELICIA. jUaxillo stormed 'himself out of the room, and his truculent following stumped out after iiim ou their rope f^udals; the door was slammed to and locked, and Carew and 1 stared at one an other rather blankly. "It looks Kke a very devil of a mess/' said I ruefully. "It's that and no less," said Garew. "Look here, Birch; wflien you were turning in last night I reminded you -thai the pair of us ihaa come out to shoot one another. jS OW, I don't for a moiment suggest that affair fJiouid be considered as off; I for one have heard more from you itdian I can stomach without a shot in return, and you seem to think you've got a preltty heavy grievance against me; but we've got no wea pons here which could settle our business wil.li any degree of neatness-nothing, in faa!:, except our bare hands-and the sur vivor would feel a bit lonely and apt to come by n bad end. So I suggest an armis tice for the time being." "It wouCd be more comfortable getting respectably killed in a duel than being boiled like a lobster in one's shell." "Who intends to get boiled? I don't for one. There's a lot between this room here and that old he-goat's coppers," "Yes, but what?" "We must think it out, Birch. But first wliat about that temporary truce?" "Very well, I agree, for the time being." " Oh, don't be too condescending. Believe me I'm quite ready to shoot and be shot at on our first possible opportunity. But, as I say, there's too much big business on hand at the present moment to Heave time for amusements of that kind just now." He sat down en the edge of his "quatre" and put an elbow on his knee, and pre sently fell to gnawing at his nails. "She'd do it, 1 suppose, if it was the only way to save us from the kettle-especially if she knew she'd have to look on and see us 6tew. But to 'have her marry that old billygoat. By gad, no." "If the worst comes to the worst we can always jump out at the fellows when they come next, and make them kill us. We're both aa lit as can be again now, and we're both pretty useful with our hands. With 'luck we should manage to make things so Ixot that they'd be obliged to give us knife in self-defence." "Oh, yes, there's always that. But I've no notion of deliberately getting lulled if there's any other way out of the scrape." He kicked his heel petulantly, and it hit against something under the bed. "What's that? A brazero, by Jove, with plenty of unburned charcoal. And 1 have matches. Phew!" he whistled, and went off into thought again." "Well," I said at last, "have you got an idea?" "I have and I haven't. But, my faith! If the chance comes somebody had better look out . Yes, there's a long iron hold fast in the wai'l above your head, Birch, that will pull out and do capitally. I shall not be delicate-mi-aded in handling these brutes if that chance 1 want arrives my way," "There's some one coinine." "Lord! Footsteps, by all that's unlucky. Well, we aren't ready, and we must do as We can. We're quite powerless to help Delicia in any way, and she must take care of herself. I guess we'i's about on the edge of torture, ana that's not in my Cine at all. I'm .not_ going out of this room." "I'll light it out with you, and old Maxillo can make sou]) of my dead carcase if he pleases. He " "Stand back beside the door." whispered Carew. "Stand back, and don t show fight and risk it. That's Delicia's voice outside, and if we can get her into the room and gain a bit of time, we may manage to have' a better run_for our money." j.b was uouna wencia s voice surely enough, and presently the door opened and we could hear what she said. She was de livering an ultimatum to no less a person than Maxillo himself. "Understand clearly," six; was fsaying, "that unless I go in.to that room alone 1 shall not speak. You will get nothing out of me-neither proposal iior acceptance; you may kill these two Englishmen, and I cannot prevent it; but it will not bring you any forwarder. You know penfectlv Veil that you cannot marry me unless I choose; J would kill myself sooner than be forced into it against my will; and if that happened, then look out for youi: self, Se nor. There are men in Sacaronduca who would pull down these mountains sooner than not get at you; and you know it." Maxillo gi'i'ttcd his teeth. "If I let you go into that room alone you will plot with those men." ! "So ho! Senor. Then you are afraid of j your poor prisoners?" ! . "Madame," lie said, squrly, "I am the least timorous of men. But J do not want \ to make the way open for mora trouble." I "Ah. then," she retorted, "take the ad-; l ice of a woman who has once been mar- j ried rjid keep clear of married life. _ Senor, you are a- "brave man to push me so hard. | I should 'lead vou a. terrible time of it once you voi'a my lawful husband. You did me once '.he compliment (in your coarser mo ments) of admiring my teeth. You have got a small notion of what a tongue lies at the back of them." "Ah," but I have," said he, with a rueful face. *'Wcll, take your way; but see to it tilings are 'arranged to my liking. If it will plea.3t you," he said, "to step into this poor room?" and bowed her towards '.the doorway. She walked in, bowed to us formally, though wit'll a shut lap, and then she tur ned and looked enquiringly towards the door. Maxillo was watching lier wit'ii a lowering face. She waited on, and then "Your courtesy does not seem to run very deep, Senor," she said. Maxillo swore beneath his moustacne, and "hTiut the d'oor!" lie ordered. It slammed tp with a force that shook tlie room. In a moment 'her manner changed. Through t4!ie growing gloom of the cham ber I could see Jier eyes grow full of pity and anxiety.. She came across to us in 'her quick, bright way, and took a hand of eacli. "My poor friends," she said, "what a terrible plight to find you in. And all because of me. But .it is just a ruse de guerre t'liat I find you here as prisoners? Perhaps in your cleverness you have some of ti)e force ambushed " ''Donna Delieia," I broke In, "please wait a minute. We didn't come hare to nnd: you at all. We are Just what you see, prisoners. We quarrelled; we left Dolores to figM a duel; we got picked up .by brl gan3s; and here wa are. That is the gist of tlhe tale. But by accident we find you ill ere, and we are very much at your ser vice." "A Cos pies de usted, Senora," said .farew. *'A duel!" she said, wonderingly. "That is postponed for the present," I said. "You see us here quite ready to do anything for your advantage." "Yes, but what can you do?" "We are open to a suggestion." "And I never felt so much at a loss. Maxillo has been too clever for me." She shuddered. "And he is a man to keep his word. He will be entirely ruthless." She shuddered again. "He lias got to put us in tlie pot before he can make soup of us," said Carew, "and he may find that difficult- I know T for 1 one have not the least intention of being boiled alive, and I .believe Birth has similar scruples. The only tiling is, if we get kill ed, my dear Cady, that -doesn't help you, does it? You'd have to marry the old goat sooner or later all the came." "I could kill myself ateo." "Oh, dear no! That -would be a terrible waste of good material." "I see no other'-way out of the trouble," she said, smiling bravely. "We'll," drawled Qarew, "you might marry me, you know." She_ started, and for the first time looked (I think) a trifle scared. "Sir William," she said, "I suppose this is a joke, and I think it a poor one. I am promised to marry your master, 'General Briggs." "He's no master of mine, madam. Birch here will guarantee you that. No; I've chucked Briggs finally and for always, and I had thought of chipping "in with Maxillo. Maxillo, however, is not polite; refuses to have me, in fact, on any terms; and so here am I a Jone orphan, so to speak, and out on the world on my own hook. Now, Delicia, you admire success, and you want to be wife to the President of Sacaronduca. Well, I'm going to bid for the berth my self, and fchere g only one thing that will stop me, and that's my own funeral; and I tell you I'm not dead yet or anywhere near it. There's no denying you're in a bad hole here, and you see no way out of it. Isn't that so?" "Yes, yes. Go on." ''Well, as I say, marry me, and then I'll dear out suddenly. Oncc you've got a hus band Maxillo's scheme faCls to the ground. He daren't ill-treat you, and if he doesn't let you go out of sheer disgust at being sold I'll find some way of hooking you out of his grip, ti the meanwhile, if Briggs re mains President of "Saearonauca he'll only do it by knocking me on the head, in -which case you'll be quite free to marry him when things have settled down. On the other hand, if I get to the head of the country you'll find yourself the wife of the biggest man Central America has ever seen." Now I was watching Donna Delicia pretty narrowly whilst Garew was making this ex traordinary proposal, and it was clear to see that she was moved. But she by no means showed a sign of giving way at once. She wanltird to gain a litle time for considera tion ptobably, and so, woman-like, she ope ned up a side issue. "You seem to be showing a, change of ob ject," she said. "When you first tame to this fountrv, Sir William, I thought you stated somewhat openly that you only did it for the money you could gather to carry home again. I seem to have learned, too, that at that time you professed an utter contcmpt for all political advantage." "! hadn't seen you then," said Girav. "I may remark that it is yon who want the political eminence, and that's why I am ready to get it for you-for the pair of us, in fact. I never looked upon a woman with an eye *fco marriage before, but, by jove, De licia," he burst out, "I want you, and if this f.ort of thing is what you care about, yon shall have not only Sacaronduca but half these wretched little Central American States tacked on at the back of it. Noth ing shall stop us. You shall have a king dom worthy of a queen. Being near you malws one equally ambitious with your self." Donna Deliera's eyes were sparkling now, and her cheeks were pink; but she aid not offer either a "yes" or "no." "You do not ask love from me?" she said, almost shyly. "I. shall earn that by service. As for my own feelings in the matter I do not choose to parade them." "And if I give way to your proposal you will understand that circumstances press me on If,' retorted Carew, "you had stayed in Dolores, I sliould probably not have asked yon to marry me. At least not yet. Being aerer-being, as I may gay, in an extremely tight place, I throw out the suggestion as a possible means of escape from worse evils. Hang it, Delicia, whatever's wrong with me I'm a beter specimen 'than that o.d goat Maxillo." Donna Delicia looked liim in the face, and then her glance fell. "I should like to annoy Maxillo," she taid rather coyly. "We'll shake hands on that," said Ca rew, and they did so heartily, just as two friends might have done. "And nmv," said he, "we'll get ready for the wedding." He pulled out the brazero from under the bad, scraped a match, lit the charcoal, and with his breaith blew it into a smoulder. Then lie wrenched the long iron holdfast from the"watll, pushed its tip well into the glowing embers, and stood up again. Donna Delicia ami I had been watching him in -silence, wondering what it was all about, but instinctively trusting to his wit for the next move. However, he did not ex plain just then. Still when lie stood up out of the gloom of the door, and the moon's rare pouring in through the window feil upon his face, I saw there a. look of pleased certainty which comforted me more than anything ] had come across for many a weury hour, lie was a man, as 1 had learn ed already, of extraordinary resourceful ness. "I must ask you, Delicia," he said, "to go into the .corridor and send for Father .Jupe. Get him in here, and get him in alone. Say tlwt we have arrived at a compromise over tins marriage question, and want his tielp to get .Maxillo to accept it. That will be quiite true, and should appeal to that sar donic humour of his when he has time to I think it out coolly later." "But if he brings others wii.t'h. him?" "Then they have my pity beforehand. Birch and I. will have to-er-handle them so that they do not interfere." "There is a bar 'here on ithe inside, said I, "running into a socket in the. wall, which will keep the door shut once we get our rnsn in the room." "I'd seen it," said Carew. "Now, Delicia, p'ease." She stepped towards him, laid both hands on his arm, and looked up in iris face. "There seems a horrible risk about every thing," she said, "but I will do my best. Whatever happens, please know that I am grateful, and do not-do not " the words seemed to stick in her throat. "Get into the kettle," Carew suggested. "No, we won't, either Birch or myself. You can trust us fov that, Delicia. Now away with you and wheedle Jupe into the room alone. You've got plenty of cleverness; you can .do it if you try." She sJruddered a little, and then with an effort she pulled herself together again ajwl went towards tile aoor. I opened it for her. The corridor seemed to be empty, though there were plenty of men chattering out of eight at the further end. She walked quick ly away towards the voices, and 1 went back into the room. "Itfs just a chance she may bring it off," said Carew, moodily. "A slam ghost of a chance/' said I. "There's noit another woman in the world .would have done £0 much. Butif itdoescome off, we've <jot to be ready. Look here, Birch, I'll phut the door if we can get Jupe inside, and slip the bar in place. You must get your arms round the man and hold him tight. You eau do that?" "Oh, 1 can do that right enough as far as physical ability goes; but the question is, do I intend to? It seems I am going: to help, you to marry- Briggs's promised wife. "That's what I can't quite make up my mind about." "Now, for the Lord's sake, don't let's !have any more of this nonsense now," he said irritably. "Hang it, man, resftect tine truce. We've got a beggardly el)once of saving our lives and of serving Delicia at one and the same time. Have you got a better plan? No, you haven't. Then, for ?heaven's sake, shut your mouth and use your wit to help mine. Afterwards if we do get clear of this mantrap forty things | may happen. You may shoot me, Bngg$ may shoot me, other people may do it; but, anyway, if I live 1 shall be President of iSacaronduea, in whidk case Briggs W, I his own contract with Delicia would be cab of the running. 'Whereas if I get knocked; on. the head there she'll be a widow afl she was before, and the situation unaltered^ You're serving Briggs by keeping her out of that beast Maxillo's Angel's, and yon can salve your conscience with that." We dropped the talk 'then, and trampled about in the dusk of the room waiting te1 dionsly. I formed a thousand theories ajf to how Donna Delicia oould fail in her Sotiations. I could by no means see howl upe woud be foolish enough to trust hint* self within our reach. Ana always at the back of my thoughts loomed tihe sugar boilers, ?with fires lit beneath, and wiatep seething and bubbling inside, and-ugh, jfc makes my flesh creep bo remember tiuit; time even now. At last we heard Delicia's voice again1, and then Either Jupe. lly heant almost stood still as I [listened. Yes, they were coming down the corridor towards us; two pairs of footfalls, both quiet and soft; no others. I strained my ears; I oould swear, there were no others. Father June Baid something, I forget what, though I knew it was droll, and Donna Dehcia filled the corridor with laughter, merry, light, delicious laughter. Heavens, fancy being able to lau?h like that then! What nerves that woman had got. They came into the room, and Jupe said he.was glad his gentle arguments had pre vailed. "'I am sure, Senores " said Father Jupe, "that you and all tine world, will congratulate my brother on securing so charming ," and there he stopped. He saw Carew moving towards the bar of the doer, and in an instant he bristled with suspicion. 1 saw his hand dive towards a pocket of his cassock, which sagged down with the outline of a revolver, but I was too quick for hiin. I threw my arms round him, and squeezed all the wind out of his body with the first hug. Carew made fast the door, and came up in front of him. "Now, Father Jupe," he said, "I need scarcely tell you that if you sing out, whatever happens to us, we snail have plenty of time to take the change out of you before they can break down that excellent door from the outside and dis turb us. You quite understand?" Jupe nodded. "There's something in the pocket of your cassock which spoils the hang of the cloth, and doesn't do your tailor justice. Permit me? A thousand thanks. By jove, my own revolver and cartridges. Jupe, you are a real benefactor. 1 recommend the pat tern of this gun to your future notice-a four-fifty, you see. ever try the smaller bores-they won't always stop a man." Father Jupe took all this philosophically -which was wise of him, seeing that he could not resist-and by degrees got back his wind-which was wiser still, in view of possible emergencies. Carew went on;-"Having induced you to visit us, aniigo, I want you next to give us a little professional assistance There seems so much marriage in the air that Donna Delicia and 1 propose having a wedding of our own-presided over by you, Jupe." The priest set his lips tight like a man prepared to accept the consequences of bis words. "No," he said, "I will take no part in this sin. "Sin be hanged," said Carew. "We are both of age, and both know our own minds. .Listen, Jupe-I publish the banns of mar< riage. between William Howard ilotte Ga/> lew, bachelor, and Delie Alica Spinoza, widow, both at present of this parish. It any of you know any just cause or impedi ment-mark that, Jupe-just cause-why these two persons Should not be snugly married out of haim'-a way, ye are now to declare it." "You are liereties for one thing," said the priest coldly. "I beg your pardon, father. We are both members of the Church which' you adorn." Father Jupe winced. "But still I shall not marry you," he said, "so you may shoot me if you please and get it over." "Nothing of the kind," said Garew. "We are now in the Tolpec mountains, and it may come to -your memory that as we rode here from t!lie plains below you brightened the way by tales of how the inhabitants of this district dealt with captives who proved obdurate. 1 regret, amigo, that our appa ratus is so scanty, and we cannot repro duce all their-playful eccentricities; but we have this"-(he kicked the brazero with its glowing charcoal into the middle of the floor, and picked up the red-liot iron bar and brought his savage face close to the priesl-"and we're minded to pay you back in vour own currency, you torturing brute." "I saved you from Manuel," said the priest sullenly. "I know you did, and we owe you noth ing there. You only did it for your own purposes. But I'm not going to argue with you further; either you do what I want1, or you take the consequences. If you re fuse you shall take an 3iour to die, and rue every second of it." "List me think," said the priest huskily. "I'm not going to lot you gain time^" Carew retorted. He lifted the iron bar tall I myself could fee1! the heat of it: and it must have scorched Jupe's face. "Hold bird tight. Birch, and don't let him squeal; we'v$ heard a lot about boiling and burning in1 this infernal country, and now we shall see for ourselves how it affects a man. I'm going to bum his eyes out as a commence ment." The man could have faced a shot, but h« shied at torture, and I don't blanue himf. He nearly wrenched himself free from my arms when the red-hot iron came near his face, and "I give in," he cried; "I'll marry you. Oh, for God's sake, Carew, take that cursed thing away." Carew stood back. "Very well," he said, ""but don't make such a noise about it, or you'JII wake the place. And mind, don't you <ro back on your promise, Jupe, or try and burke the service, or we'll mark you yet." '.'I know when I am beaten, Senor." "Do you?" said Carew. "And you may put your weapons away, I have given you my word." "I don't value your word at a cracked nickel. Birch, you stand behind this man, and if he tries any pranks, bottle him; Don't kill, you -understand; break his arm. No, don't do that either; follow the custom of the country: slice his ears off." But from this point onward I tlunk til® priest gave Sir William Carew a lesson dignity. He motioned to Donnk Delicifl., who up to this had been sitting on one of the "quaeres" with face hidden- in her hands, and in a quietly reverent voice asked her and Carew to take their peaces before him. He mielit be a place-seeker, a eemi» savage politician, a brigand, and a hypocrite when the mood suited litm; but under it all lie was the jmhM ssull, duly convoluted, and duly empowered; and as I suiod grimly in iny place behind 'him. I w;is more than luilf ashamed oC tJ*e bulvher'.* work which had been thrwScncd in order to bring about the climax. It was « fiuivi' scene, come to think of it. Here Ms die riohesi, nu>>! beautiful, most famous woman iu the country, ccle bivhng her marriage-not with poinp and circumstance in the national Cathedral, as might liave been expected-but under con ditions separated only by a hair's breadth from blooay tragedy. The chapel was an un consccrated chamber in a most unhallowed, house. For illumination there was the silver moonlight from the window which fell on tlie lieads and shoulders of all the earnest frroupj and the faiiit crimson glow from the brazero on the unseen floor beneath; and instead of sweet clouds of incense there were acid charcoal fumes to touch up the remembrance. The old sardonic manner had gone from the celebrant. His very face had changed. Here was the ecclesiastic, and nothing more, and either he was a consummate actor (which I do noit dare to believe) or else he nvas a man of deep convictions and did not care to tamper with the holiness of the sa crament-. The affair 'had _ been forced on Biim bitterly against his will; but once the human part of him had been defeated, his spiritual half itook the matter up and ear ned through "the ceremony with an dmpres siveness which showed how deeply he felt its dee]) and holy significance. He made them man and wife according to ithe ritual of his Chuieh, bestowed his bene diction as a priest of that Church, and for ever set ]>onna Delicia beyond 'the reacli of his brother Maxillo, so long as Sir William Carew should live. But how long had Carnv to live? That ?was the question which worried me. As that weird marriage service was drawing to its end, some one came to the door of tlie chamber and called for Father Jupe with lusty vigour: upon which, on getting no re ply, ihe had fallen .to rattling the sneck; and as this produced no vestige of a reply, he .had departed cursing, and would probably in a very short time bring other inquiisitors, and a key in the shape of an axe to break itlie doo?. It did not seem to me that nu had any of ns bettered our condition. The best that pa row and I could hope for would be per mission to die fighting, and, though Donna Delicia certainly liad changed her name, she would still be a widow as before, and liable Ito more of Maxillo's attentions. Yes, I didn't see 'Lhat we had bettered ourselves one little bit, and I was itching with impa tience to get it over. It is not pleasant to wait on the threshold of the next world like that; and as soon as 'the service ended I said nyr say. 