In White j Raiment. 1 Y PUDLIBHED. 8T " SttOUdi ASBiHfBKSHT. \ - 'By William Le Queux, | Autlior of " Whoso Findoth a Wife," £ "Purpla .and Fine Linen,'' ".Tho . | -Day. . of Temptation," , " Of ;- . Royal Blood," &6., &o.; .- , ' . COMTBHHIT. ' f " ' . . V. : . v chap'ter XII. , . THB MOBNINO AFTER. ;' - "Then why have you compelled -me to hieet. you again?" she demanded fiercely, in a tone which showed her abhorrence of him. -"The; last .time we met' you told, me that you , wore going abroad. .Why haven t you'- gone?" "I've been, and- come back again." "Where?"-' ' "That's my business," he answered quite " calmly. - "Your welcome home is not, a Very warm one, to say the least." \- "I havo no welcome for my enemies." "Oh 1 " I'm an enemy — eh ! Well," he added, " I havo always considered myself your friend." - ' ' "Friend 1" sho echoed. "You show your friendliuess in a rather curious manner ! You conceive these dastardly plots, and then compel me to do your bidding— to act as your decoy - ; -z "Come, come," he laughed, his temper .quite, unruffled by her accusation. "You know that in all my actions I am guided by your interests — as well as my own." "I was certainly not aware of it," she responded. "It cannot be to my interest that you compel me to meet you here like this, at risk of discovery. Would it not have been better if our. meeting had taken place in London, tut before?" - . " Necessity has driven me to make this appointment," he responded. "To write to you ie dangerous, yet I wanted to give you warning, so that you can place yourself in a position of security." "A warning— of what?" she asked breath lessly. "La Gioia is here." "La Gioia!" she gasped. "Here? Im possible!" La Gioia ! It was the name I had found written upon the piece . of paper beneath her pillow. "Unfortunately, it is the truth," he re sponded in' an earnest voice. "Tho contre temps is serious." "Serious I" site cried in alarm. "Yes, it iis serious, and through you I am thus placed in peril." "How do you intend to act?" "I have no idea," she responded in a hoarse tone. "I m tired of it all and driven ;to despair — I am siek to death of this oter- ipal scheming, this perpetual fear that the ' terrible truth should become known. God knows how I have suffered during this past year. Ah! how a woman can suffer- and still live! I tell you," sho cried, with sud den desperation, " this dread that haunts me continually will drivo me to take my life !" "Rubbish 1" he laughed. " Keep up your pluck. With a little ingenuity a woman can deceive the very devil himself." "I tell you," she said, "I am tired of life —of you — of everything. I have :not-hing to live for— nothing to gain by living!" Her voice was the broken voice of a woman driven to desperation by tho fear that her secret should become known. . "Well," he laughed brutally, "you've cer tainly nothing to gain by dying, my dear." . "You -taunt me!" she" 'cried, » anger. '"You who hold me irrevocably in this bond -of guilt — you who compel mo to act as your accomplice in.t-hcso vile schemes! I hate you !" "Without a doubt-," ho responded, with a short laugh, "and yet I have done nothing to arouse this feeling of antagonism." '.'Nothing! Do you then think so lightly jot all thei past?" ' "My dear girl," he said,- " one should' .never think' of what has gone by. -It's a bad habit. Look to . your own safety— ond to tlie future." , "La Gioia is here!", sho repeated in a -low voice, as though unable fully, to.realise all that the terrible announcement meant. "Well, liow do you intend to -act?" "My actions will bB guided by circum stances," ho replied. "And you?" She was silent. Tho stillness of the night was broken only by the dismal' cry of a night bird down near the lake. "I think it is best that' I'should die and end it all," she replied in a hard, strained yoioe. "Don't talk such nonsense," he -said im patiently. "You ure young, graceful, smart, with one of the prettiest faces in London. And you would commit suicide. The thing is utterly absurd." "What have I to guin by living?" she inquired again, that question being appar ently uppermost in her mind. "You love young Chetwode. You may yet marry him." "No," she answered, with a sigh. 'T fear that can never be. Happiness can never be mine — never." "Does he love you?" inquired the major, \- .with a note of sympathy in his voice. "Love me? Why, of course he does." ' "You have never doubted him?" "Never." "And he has asked you to marry him?" "Yes, a dozen times:" "" . ' r "When wus- the last occasion?" ; ' . . "Tg- night— an hour ago.'! "And you, of . course; refused?" ; "Of course." : "Why?" "Because of the barrier , which prevents my marriage with- him." . . - "And you will allow that to stand in the way of your safety?" . ' ; "My safety?" she echoed. f'X don't under stand." - "'Cannot you see that if you married. Cyril. Chetwode .at once, La .Gioia would be powerless." "Ah I" she exclaimed, suddenly impressed by the suggestion. "I had never - thought of that !" _ _ "Well," lie went on, "if-you take, my advice, you'll lose no time in becoming Chetwode's wife. ' Then you can defy your enemies, . and ; snap your fingers at La Gioia." ' ' ' ' A deep silence , fell. . The woman who was my wife was reflecting. - "You say that by marriage I could defy my onemies, but that is incorrect. . I could not cut myself free of all of them." "Why? Whom would you fear?" "You yourself I" she answered bluntly. "I know. you too well, alas!" she went on desperately. "I know that I could never be safe from your ingenious plotting, that -just at the moment of tny happiness you would cast upon me the black shadow of the past." ' . ...... "You have no confidence in me," he pro tested with a dissatisfied air. "I can have' 110 .confidence in one who holds me enslaved as you do." "And yet I have come here at consider able risk and personal inconvenience to give you warning." "Because you fear discovery yourself." "No," he laughed. "I'm quite safe. I merely came hero to make two suggestions to you. One I have already made — namely, that you should marry Chetwode without delay. And the other " ' ,- He paused, as though accurately to gauge the extent of his power over her. "Well? .Go on. , I - am. all attention." "The other is that you should, as before, render me a trifling assistance in a little matter I havo in hand which, if success fully carried out, will place both of us for ever beyond the reach vo£ La Gioia's vengeance." "Another scheme!" sho cried wearily. "Well, what is it? Some further dastardly plot or other, no doubt. Explain it." "No. You are under a misapprehension," he responded quickly. "The affair is no dastardly plot-, but merely a little piece of ingenuity, by which we may outwit La Gioia," "Outwit her 1" she cried. "The very devil himself could not outwit La Gioia !" "Ab!" bo laughed, "You women are always so ready to jump to ill-formed con clusions. Sho has ono weak point." . "And you- -have discovered it?" "Yes. I havo discovered it." "How?" "That is my affair. It is sufficient to be aware that she, the invincible, is never theless vulnerable." There was another pause, hut at last the woman I lovod responded in a firm, deter mined tone. "Then, if this is true, I- leavo it to you., You declare that you are my friend; there fore I can at least rely on you for protec- -.tianj-espeoially i oawe: have so many inter ests in common."- v ."But you must assist me," be observed. "No," she answered, "I -'refuse to do that. I have painful recollections of what has already happened. The grim ghosts of the past are always with me." ! . "You uro far too impressionable," be laughed. "If I had not stood your friend, you would have fallen into the 'bands of the police long ago." ' "And you?" she- inquired. . . : He did not respond: Possibly 'the sub ject was rather too unwelcome to.admit uf- discussion. Froth'-' liis.'fingere I kne\v_ this, man to be at /leaSb'ia 1 gaof-bird' who" had performed hard , labour, t . and it was - also certain that with the, ingeniously' prepared cigarette he had attempted to' take' my life. "No," she went on, m a clear, firm voice, "I refuse to be 'further associated with any of your schemes. You are quite capable of carrying out any villainy without my assistance." "Need wo use the term villainy where La .Gioia is concerned?" he asked. "Yon know her well enough to be aware 'that if she finds you she trill be merciless, and will gloat over your downfall." "I would kill myself before she discovers me," my wife declared. "But you might not have time," he sug gested. "To die willingly demands con siderable resolution. Women's nerve' usu ally fails them tit the extreme moment.' " ' "Mine will hot, you may rest assured of that," she answered. : . '"You don't seem .capable, of listening . to ' reason to-night;" he protested. , -"I tun capable of listening to'reoson, but not to conspiracy," sho replied, with some .hauteur., "I know .well what/- is passing in your mind. ' It is not thes, first time ;tiiat such, a. thought has passed" there. Ypu would plot to take her life— to murder L'a Gioia !" . . . , ' He : laughed outright; as though there were something humorous in her words. "No, no, my dear," he. answered quickly. "You 'cjuite misunderstand my intention." . ' "I misunderstood your intention on a pre vious occasion," she said meanitigly. . "But in this; affair our interests are en tirely mutual,!' he pointed out. 'You must assist -me.'-'. ; - r , '. "I shall -riot." ' "But you .must. /It is imperative. We have '. everything to gain ' by securing her silence." V . . . "And everything to lose by meeting iter." "But when! wo meet her it will bo in defiance. I have ' thought' out.a plan." "TIteu' caiTy it. out;" -she said. "I will have nothing .whatever' to do .'with it;" "I may. compel you," he said, with slow distinctness. ' . , . "You have already compelled me to act as your kccohtplice; : but you have strained my bonds until they can resist no longer. I intend to break; them.!' . "That is, indeed, .- very interesting !" ' He laughed,, treating ' her .as though sho , were a -spoilt child. " "Yes 1" she. cried' furiously. "I will kill myself." " "And leave me to moke a scandalous ex planation." "Then -you would besmirch my good nunie after my death i" sho said, turning upon him quickly. "Ah I yes. You show your: self in your true colours. You would even weavo about me a web of infamy, so as to prevent me taking my life. I . bate and detest you!" '(That's not the first. time you. have in formed mo of that fact, my dear," he re sponded, with perfect : coolness. "If it were not for you I should now be a happy, cureless girl, without a thought beyond the man I love. Thanks -to you, I am, however, or.e of the most wretched of all God's creatures." "You need not be. You are petted in your own circle of friends, and. your repu tation remains unsullied." " I occupy a false position," she declared. "What would Cyril say if he knew the truth?" "A woman should never study tho man who is to be her husband. It makes aim far too conceited ; and, moreover, sho is suro to regret- it in after life." Ho was at times shrewdly philosophical, litis scoundrel who held my wife' beneath his thrall. "I have you— only you— to' thank for my present position. Believed by the world to be an honest-, innocent girl, and ac cepted as suoh, I nevertheless fear from hour to . hour that the truth may be revealed, and that I may find myself in tlie hands of tho police. Death is" preferable to this constant, all-consuming dread." "The unreasonableness and pertinacity of woman is extraordinary," he exclaimed, in a tone of impatience. "What good can possibly result from this duel between us? Why- not let 'us unite in defeating La Gioia?"' . "That I refuse to do." "But our position is serious — most seri- ous," he pointed out-. " Suppose that she discovers you?" . "Well, what then?" " You would be entirely at her mercy," ha said in a deep voice. "And you know her well enough to be aware that once de termined upon a course she never goes hack —you -know the fiendislincss of her ven geance.' , "I know," she responded, in a voice scarco above , a whisper, tho voice of a woman driven to desperation. "Sho is yonr enemy," he said. "She would torture, and afterwards kill you!" _ " Sho could not torture , me more .than- I inn already "tortured/ with my hiihd' so full of all that has gone by," 'my wife' de clared in a hoarse,, unnatural voice which plainly told of-, acute -suffering. " But you must arm yourself against her," ho urged. " Together we are strong enough to dcfeiit any attack that she 'may make. Remember, that she is in London in search of you." "Do you think she'll easily find me?!'. "Alt! I do not know," he responded. "Sho has, as you tire well aware, many I sources of secret information open to her. .Before now she hits got- at secrets that were . supposed to bo inviolable.- She may dis cover ours." " Then tell me plainly," she asked, drop ping. her voice until it was scarcely above u whisper, " do you, - yourself, fear her?" " Yes. She is the only person who be sides ourselves knows tho truth," he re sponded in a low tone. "And you would set a trap into which' sho will fall?" she went on; still in a whisper. "Come, do not let us prevaricate longer. You intend to kill her?" There wus a dead silence. At last her companion spoke. "Well," he answered, "and if your sur mise is correct?" " Then onco and for all," she said, raising her voice, " I toll you that I'll have no hand whatsoovcr in it ! I will not be your no- complice in the crime. I am no mur deress!!' Ho was- apparently taken aback by the suddenness of her decision. "And you prefer to be left unprotected against the vengeance of La Gioia !" he snid harshly. "Yes, .1 do," she said determinedly. "And recollect tlint from to-night I refuse to be further associated/with these vile schemes of yours. You deceived me once;- you shall never do so again." " It was for your own benefit, your own safety," he declared quickly. "Enough!" she cried in anger. "You have. spoken, and I have given my answer. I prefer the vengeance of La Gioia to be coming your accomplice in a foul and secret crime." - He laughed aloud. " And you think you can break from me as easily as this? Your action to-night is foolish— suicidal. You will repent it." " I shall never repent. My hatred of you is too strong 1" "We shall see," lie. laughed. "Wo shall see!" " Let me pass !" she cried, and leaving him walked quickly down the path, and in a few moments the flutter of her light dress was lost in tlie gloom. Her companion laughed again, a. short, evil laugh, then turning hurried after her. I emerged quickly from my hidiiig-pluoe, and followed them as far ns the stile. He had overtaken her, and was striding by her side, bending and talking earnestly as they were crossing the open' grassland. To follow sufficiently close to overhear what words he said was impossible without detection, therefore 1' was compelled to re main and watch the receding figures until they became swallowed up in the darkness. Then, turning, I passed through the bolt of wood again, and sealing a wall gained tho highroad which, after a wnlk ol linlf- an-hour, took me back to Hounslow. ' That night I slept but little. The dis covery I hod. mode was. extraordinary. Wto was this woman with the strange name? "La- Gioia" meant in .Italian "The Jewel,'" or " The Joy." Why did they fear her veu- 'gea'neo? In the morning, ns I descended to break fast, tho landlord of the inn, standing in his shirt-sleeves, met me at the foot of the stairs. . " Hivvo you heard the terrible news, sir?" he inquired. ' _ "No," I said, in /surprise. "What news?" . .' . / "There was murder committed, last night over iff Whittou Park!" "Murder!" I gusped. '" Who. huB been 'murdered?" . CHAPTER XIII. ; I l'RAOTISE A NEW'PROFkSSION. ' " Why, tho colonel's been murdered — ; ' Colonel Chetwode' 1!! 1 the man answered ex citedly. - / ... /. ... . " Colonel Ohetwodo !" I gasped. " Impos sible!"- .,' . ' 1 "It's a fact-," he declared. , "The whole V thing's a deep mystery. They found him at five, o'clock. this morning." ; ' . . " Tell me all about it," I urged. "Wellj it seems a terrible - thing. Mr. Hummer, sergeant 'of police, was in here half-an-hour ago, aud'he told me .all about it. According to', what he'- says,- it seems that a workman going across .the Park to -Twickenham early ibis morning saw the body of a 'man on -the edge of the lake, half, hi the "water.-- He rushed forward, a'nd to his liorror -found it was tho colonel, quite dead." - . "Drowned.?" .V,- .- "No. He wasn't- drowned. -.That's the. curious' part of it.;- .Ho was murdered." " How V. "By a blow on' 'the head, tho police be lieve. They've telegraphed to Scotland Yard- for detectives; . Flummcr says 'that there are lots of marks near the edge of the lake, as though a struggle took place." "Extraordinary!" 1 ejaculated. "You say. ho was' quite '-dead- when-- discovered. Wus' a doctor called?" " Yes, the police' surgeon, Dr. Douglas. .Ho declared that the poor colonel had been murdered, and bad-been dead several hours." "And whtre is/the body?" "At the Park, vpf course," answered the landlord. , .-"They . say that everyone is fearfully " upset, and that several of the guests left for London by the first train this morning." " And Mrs. Chetwode? Where is she?" . ." Beside her dead -husband, I- suppose. They were not a very happy pair in life, -but she will - np doubt feel the blow heavily." . - '. "Is there no suspicion of the assassin?"; .1 inquired, ns a thought of tlie man whom I had watched in jtlie Park flashed through; my brain. ' . .. / - ;"'Npne. whatever," lie answered. "The. colonel" was" very/popular everywhere, liitd was always -good to;, the poor. Even when on the Bench, at Brentford he always erred on the side of leniency. EvVrybody spoke well of him. It's his Wife:who isn't liked. She's a rum 'un, they suy." . . " Where was the body found?" I in quired, when I had seated myself at table while ho had taken up a position bef ure the empty fireplace tp continue gossiping. ' "Ah," he said, "you wouldn't, of course, know the spot, for you've never been -in the Park. There's a path which leads across tho grass at- the back of the house through some thickets, and, skirting the -lake, crosses the brook' by a little bridge. It was just by t hut bridge that the poor fellow was found. They think that - just lis lie had crossed the bridge he was utruck down, and then fell backwards into the lake."' "Ah! I 'understand," I suid. "Let's hopo that tho. detectives will discover some thing when, they arrive. It was evidently a most dastardly bit , of work." \- The man's remark that I had' no know ledge of the spot where the body was found aroused mo to a sense of my own position. IE it were known that I had entered the Park that night-, might not a serious sus picion fall upon me?. I recollected how, as I had crossed the bridge, I had heard distinctly a short cough. The murderer -was, without doubt-, lurlang there when I had passed. " Everyone is talking of.it. Lots of people are going down to see the spot. ' I shall go down presently. Do you care to come?" the luhdlord asked. I acceded willingly, for I wished to see the placo in daylight, and as one of a crowd of sightseers- 1 should escape observation. Tho ono thought which held me in- re flection was of- the identity of the nssassin. Could it have been the major? While I ate my breakfast, the mail, full of the mystery, continued discussing it in all its phases. I allowed him to run on, for every word he spoke was, to mo, of intense interest. " The poor colonel "was tho very last man to have an, enemy who would take his life," ho said. " He was hard on us publicans very often, but he wns always just.. He wasn't" a teetotaller, but lie "knew just as well us we do the evils of drink, -and he tried to keep the people ont of the licensed houses. That Was to his credit, and I say ' ;it, although; I'm a landlord. Every sub- .scription got' up for a charitable object- he headed with a handsome donation, and he built and endowed Whitton Church. Why, if. it hadn't ha' been for him there's dozens o£ families in Hounslow who!d have starved to death' this last winter — the bookmakers, and people who work in the market gar dens, and who were frozen out.". " But his second wife?" " All !" he said, with a knowing nir, " he was never quite the same after he married again.. Hewtis kind of soured like; mid ho aged . considerable, as though worried to dciitli. -They say that- she flirted indis criminately with overy man she came across, no matter -who he was." "As bad as that — eh?" -'"Of -course -I don't know -for certain. I only tell you what, I've 'enrd.- And I 'ear a lot in.the -bar parlour o' nights." . "Of course, of course," I said. "Peoplo :will always talk. But do -you really think it's the truth that she is as giddy- as re ported?" "I really don't know," ho responded, raising his eyebrows.; " These women ' of tho upper ten are a queer lot sometimes." "Well, the colonel's death is a' very mysterious affair, at any rate," I observed. " Very," he said. " And one or two 'evil- . tougued people are already suggesting that she might have'had a hand in it." "That' is cruel," I' answered. "She may be unpopular, but that's m> reason why she shoula ue a murderess. I suppose they huso their suspicions upon the- quarrel, of .wliioh'you told' me yesterday."- I suppose so. The first Mrs.- Chetwodo was a born lady, -but of this woman nobody over - knew' anything o£ who or what ' she was before- he was so misguided as to marry her.'!- ' ' ..-"Eerhaps-the police. inquiries-will throw some light -upon that," I' remarked. - " TO BB contintod; : ; 