pl»Et£OTIVE SKETCHES, I, BY SANDY SHARP r:' SHE FAMOUS GLASGOW EX-DETECTIVE. COLIN CORDON'S CHRISTMAS FIND. .-At the time the events took place which 1 i . mmaboutto relate Mrs. Sharp occasionally \- employed arefpectable wotnan.nxmed T3or- : 7 jdotitas- seamstress. Mrs. Gordon whs the .Wife— probably the widow — of a carpenter, f who twelve months previously bad emigra ted to Queensland. Gordon was a first rate . tradesman, ana mignc nave acme wen id Glasgow if he could have controlled his temper, Ue had left once place after Mother became he could not gel on with .the master or tlic foreman, and at last he suddenly determined to try his luck in Australia. He bad never betfu a drunkard, j and having only one child the Gordons had saved little money — enough, he thought, to dastw hie wife and child until he could send some more. And if he liked the new country, and saw a fair prospect of getting on, they were to join bim in a year. But from the time the vessel leached the Cape, nothing was known of the fate of Colin Gor don. The steamer hai to take in coal at the Cape, and as there would be a full dayts delay, several of the passengers went aihore, amongst tbe number being Gordon. No one saw him leavethe ship, but he could not be found when ehe sailed again. Not until the time had long passed in which theanxiouBly-looked for letter should have arrived did Mrs. Gordon make any inquiries, and the shock of his mye. : v tertoue disappearance made her ill. When she recovered, her little stock of money was nearly exhausted, and she bad to turn seamstress, and eometimee laundress to inaihtajp htrrelf and Colin, named after his father, a boy of eleven. She soon obtained ' .a good reputation as a capital hand at jV'< making underlinen of the better class, and \- if her clients had paid her regularly the mother and son might have lived in com- parotive comfort, for tiieir wants were few. But far too many of the ladies for whom Mrs. Gordon worked seemed to have no idea that she was in urgent need of the money, and she was often kept without it for a month or even longer after the work bad been finished. It was the eve of Christinas, and re membering that Mrs. Gordon had lived for a couple of years in England ere ehe married Gordon, my wife asked me if I had any objection to her going over to the Gordons to see how they would fare next day. " I don't fancy she has had much work ' - lately, Sandy," said Mrs. Sharp. " Go by all means, Mary ; and if things ere as you fancy, ask her to come and spend the day with ue to-morrow. We are not haying any other visitors, you know," I replied. " Thank you, Bandy : that is just what -I' wanted to ask you, but didn't know whether you would care to have the poor ... fhiogs«pOinst<n»i> Day." r Mrs. Sharp was away mbch .Jonger than v. I expected, more Ih an a u hour, though the Gordonaxraly lived about 300 yards away. \- When ehe'-.did return, 1 saw at once that she was excited about something. " It's a eb&me; and a eta for a woman like Mrs. Milne, the butcher's wife to treat . a poor woman like Mrs. Gordon in such a fashion. Sandy, oould you not do some thing to force the woman to pay 2 She owes . Mrs. Gordon 12s. for making underlinen for herself and Milne, and to-night, when Mrs. Gordon took the last of the shirts, Mrs. Milne said ehe was too busy to bobber with paying money then, and that Mis. Gordon must come after tbe New Tear." , Don't trouble— Til get the money. A word to Milne will do it." "it&imoM; set me greeting, Sandy, to r _ hear the laddie aak hie mother if they z--,V would have no Christmas dinner this year, such as hismotheriias always made. Bub ybufibonld have eeen their faces brighten /" up with joy when tasked them to come 7, \\- -brer and have dinner and tea with us, Sondy. It did me good to see how they V' : \bngfatened up." V rilo and get that money, anyway," 1 As I had anticipated a bint to Milnehim- self was spfficient, His wife was sternlv . taken to task Tor sending Mrs.Gordon away . |vitbouther lawful earnings, and the worthy ;bg(dier showed that he was made ol far 4>?difierentstuff thanbi8 wife by asking me e jgood- sised piece of nice beef to £,4hqymunsfxeBBsajHcsent from bim. Be ||||hAd|»ew inhisjife before worn Sunday >i|shitte"hat fitted him so well, and were Jiol)eao$|6ilif mode. not a bad sort of woman IrtBharp. but she is thoughtless, and that j|p;jea3e often to cruelty, as I tell her. In ouch jL cases as tint1 '-'-r J.'; Aire. Gordon was overjoyed when I took & \- berilie money and the beef, repeating the |H invitational wy had given. |p|glD- lh8d0f.hou6efi in which the Gor- mlonetfihcafiwl tyro-roomed house resided |H& hafid woman,. jn one room, named Mary plikBSecson. ' She" lived alone, and was ®A>geg|rally|eupposed to he in comfortable K-.- fcimumBtanc, r for she never did any kind as compared with aaKlBHgmjhtoiiiifc" v-- Bo_IterMrs.Gordon and her boy bad jteMmMneo gweanaat on ChristniflB morning MBiUlllBliglpfiig; "as aroused by tbe noise of ZKJiturnneteet in. the paesap-e. end before wgdf-.MTOrdon -could rifle from the table ajlfeaHoorjTOifenoerembnlonBlT opened, and |mbaMMf>jBeili>ooeJrclaimed— _ an awfa buBi- .Jim binyit herself 1 SBMSKaw'iMinetLaTOg she if BaCTttMjdoeMe wduljrgo jresdil y. v atoppfriHie qinineronsTtongnts oi all BS|SBW!|ai»poyerapy pi'oney theopinlon few theory. the : I Anderson had not been Been since the pre vious Tuesday, two days before, the body was lying on the floor, Lhe head resi jng tin a shallow hot, a thick cord, like a clothes line, twisted twice round her neck. The doctor first summoned saw nothing in the situation of the body inconsistent with suicide, end the fiscal seemed dis posed to accept 1h%t opinion. But the police detective who accompanied lhe fiscal, and with whom I had been specially friendly ere I left the force to start business as private detective, was anything but satisfied with the fiscal'a acceptance of lhe suicide theory ; and though he made no formal protest, he determined to sift the affair and prove it to be a case of murder. Our Christmas dinner was rather later than usual, and we were just finishing when Tom Tosh, my detective friend, called on me to give his views respecting tbe tragedy, and possibly to elicit mine. 1 took Tosh into the parlour, and thus he did not meet Mrs. Gordon. Had be done so, I should in all probability never have obtained the material for thin story. I listened in silence to his version of the affair, but in the absence of any evidence that the deceased woman bad any money, or other portable property, I declined to accept his ideas. Tosh seemed a bit huffed at my tion- acceptance of hie theory, and did not stay long. On the following morning Mrs. Gordon was obliged to eend Colin to borrow a clothes line, part of her own having mys teriously disappeared since she laet used it. Colin was questioned on the eubject. but he declared that he bad not meddled with the line. It stretched from the windows of her rooms, which were on the second storey, and was a double one, worked with a pulley, ingeniously made and put up by Gordon before he emigrated. ' You knew I wouldn't meddle with the line, mother : where did you leave it when you took it in on Tuesday nighc?"said Colin. 'Hanging on that peg in the comer, and 1 noticed when we came homo from Milne's on Christmas Ere that the line was on the floor. It is very strange. " While she was fixing the borrowed line on the pulley, Tosh, tbe detective, walked up, saying — " Grand day for drying, Mrs. Gordon. I'm told you have lost s good piece of your clothes-line ? " " Yes, and how it went bothers me," she replied, wondering who the man was and what he wanted. " Don't you think that this is the pieco you lost ? " fhewing her a length of rope he had taken from hie- pocket. " 1 am sure it is. If you notice it, there are four strands in the rope, the usual number being three. Where did you get it 2 " The detective was on the point of telling her that it was Lhe cord found round the neck of Mrs. Anderson, but the manner of Mrs. Gordon was ho froe from anything leading him to suspect that she bad any connection with the tragedy that he de cided to wait for further evidence ot her guilt, if indeed a woman with a counten ance like that of Mrs. Gordon could be guilty of such a horrid murder. On the ensuing Mondny morning Colin Gordon started employment as errand boy at a provision shoo in Argyle-strhet, end when he CAme home in the evening the boy brought with him some bacon and cheese, which be said he had bought with pence given to him during the day by customers whose goods he had taken to their homes. But a few minutes afterwards Mrs. Gordon was startled by the sudden re appearance of the man who had questioned her about the missing piece of clot hes line. " I have come on a disagreeable errand, Mrs. Gordon. I have a warrant from a magistrate to search your house ; your hoy is to be arrested for passing a gilded shilling as a sovereign." "What? My Colin pass a bad sovereign ? Where could he get such a thing 1 I will not believe he could do it." "I must search tbe house, Mrs.Gor don. Come in, Gellatly." A constable walked in, and bade Colin eit down, while the detective proceeded to search tbe house. In Lhe bedroom, and beside, the shakedown bed on the floor on which Colin slept, was a cupboard-like te- ceptacle, utilised by the boy as a repository for his toys and other possessions, and in an old boot at the bottom of this cupboard the detective found between 16s. and 17a. In silver and coppers. " I am very sorry, Mrs. Gordon, but it is my duty to take you into custody on the charge of murdering Mrs. Anderson. I must caution you that anything you may | say will be produced in evidence against ; you at the Court," j "Accuse me of murdering the poor old woman ? God knows 1 am innocent, and I will trust H im not to allow me to suffer. I «1< y you to prove that I had aught to do wiih the crime." Detective Tosh regarded the circum stantial evidence against her as overwhelm ing, and yet he somehow doubled her guilt ; ehe was so calm and firm. j Next morning the mother and son were ; brought up at the 1'olios-court, having had j no communication with each other since tbeir arrest, and as I listened to the cvj- j dence against them I perceived it was ! strong enough to cause tbeir remittal. ft transpired that a niece of Mrs. Ander- son, seeing in the papers an account, of her ! aunt's tragic death came from Ardrossan ; to Glasgow, and made known to lhe police ' certain information which led them to think with Detective Tosh that murder, - and nob suicide, was the true nature of the j crime which had been committed. The j niece staled that the aunt- had a sum of j money in her possession amounting to at ; least £50, and that in a leather purse she; always kept a gildsd shilling with h lion on ! it, which her husband bad given her in ! tbeir courting days. The police attached j great importance to this intimation, and their confidence .that it. would probably ; leujto ibe elucidation of tbe mysterious ' mime was soon justified, A grocer came to J the Pph'ceK>ffice to complain that hie ap prentice bad taken as a sovereign a gilded shilling from a boy, whose appearance j he described. This description was j sufficiently close to enable the police to fix J iipon Dolin Gordon ; hence' tbe search ( wacrant anjd the arrestp, . ? VJien ibis part of the evidence was : vOT's.'Gorf<m turned to her weeping jsopjBhd in a calm volce said— ! < llSpeak -the truth," laddie. Did you ' i kfigetbat gilded shilling ? " I- -i IfcTefi, 7 mother, 1 picked it up in tbe i wgd> l»w to our house, when we were 1 Imfnf'toMr, Bhatp's onGhritUuas mom- hl iJBpipfc Detective Torb \va forced to admit that lhe moat rigid search and iineMigfttion hud failed to discover that Mr5. Gordon had spent any money since the death of Mrs. ' Anderson beyond the 12s. I had got fcr her from Mr. Milne (he butchet. But the certainty that the cord found Around the neck of Mrs. Anderson had belonged to the accused woman so greatly strengthened the suspicions ag.iinsi the mother and ton ' that the magistrates remitted them to prison for a week for the production of further evidence. But 1 fully determined that Tom To6h should not have things nil his own wny. 1 also would seek for lurther evidence, but such as would, 1 ho)ied, exonerate the Gor dons from all complicity in the murder, if such it was. At the end of the week of remand no such further evidence either for or against was forthcoming, and the mother and son were sent for trial. Hitherto Tosh had kept in the back ground, bub when Mrs. Gordon end Colin were brought before tbe Sheriff to emit a declaration Tosh's name was mentioned. A few .minutes aficrwaid&, and before they were removed to jail, Mrs. Gordon asked to soe the detective. He consulted the chief, and was instructed to accede to tbe wish of the accused woman. Accordingly, she was taken to a private room, where the detective was waiting for her. " You have expressed a wish to see me. I understand, Mrs. Gordon, and ha\e you any communication to make ? " "Mr. Tosh -Tom- did we never meet before ? " He started more violently than she had done in the Court-, and looking her intently in the face, the light of recognition changed hie stern expression into one of wonder, regret, and then horror. "Helen Ramsay? No, no ; it cannot be," and the detective sank into a chair with a groan. " Yes, Tom, 1 am Helen, and if 1 am bund guilty of this horrible crime, of which 1 know no more than you, it will have been you, the old friend of my childhood, the lover of my girlhood who will have murdered me." " Helen, bell mo, in the eight of heaven, are you really innocent of the murder ? J will believe you if you say so." " Before God, Tom, I am entirely inno cent. And if the law finds me guilty I shall gu before a Judge who cannot err, with confidence that He will acquit me. Do you believe isc, Tom ? " " 1 do, Helen ; God knows 1 do. But what can 1 do now to prove it ? I must do something or 1 shall go mad. Oh, Helen, when we parted in Kilbarchan I lit tie thought, that, our next meeting would be r-uch a melancholy one. Did you know me when 1 came to your house first? " "No, Tom. Fifteen years have altered i you more than me." " Are you a widow, Helen ! ' " 1 don't know for certain. My husband sailed for Australia more than a year since, and i have oot heard from bina. He left the steamer at the Cape, and did not return to it before it sailed. Sometimes I think he must be dead, and then I am Again hope- ill," ' And I have never married, Helen. 1 could not- cam fur another woman. Take Courage, my dear old sweetheart ; I feel sure God will not allow you to suffer for a v-riine you did not commit. 1 have been working against you ; now I will move | heaven und earth to prove your innocence Good-bye for the present." " Good- bye. Tom : 1 will trust you." At first, as he told me, he was templed in give some eva ivo reply to his chief when at-ked what the accused woman wanted « il h him, but such y course would hinder hn? renewed investigation-, and. lo the great astonishment of the detective iitsperloi, he declared his belief in the woman's inno cence of the crime and hi.- determination lo bring the real murderer to justice. " Y on knew lhe woman Gordon before this happened, Tosh ? " " Yes : Bhe was my first-sweetheart, and 1 have cheii-shed her memory bo much as to keep me a hacnelor. Care and grief, helped b\ want and suffering, I suspect, have transformed the bonniest lassie in Renfrewshire into what you now t-ec, hut tome, think mo a fool if you like for say ing so, 6bc is Ftill the one woman in all the world." ' Nay, Tom, 1 have known you long enough to !eel certain tliat vou must have good ground for believing her innocent. Has she told you anything ? ' " She h.o assured me before God that she is perfectly innocent, and J am satis fied. Don't ask me to- go on with the in- quints in the case, for. I cannot do iL 1 shall take up her case now." " Very well, Tosh, I will relieve you. Suppose you take a month's- leave and join forces Willi Sandy Sharp, who is also con vinced of the innocence of Mrs. Gordon and her boy." " Thank you, sir, I will do that." But the discovery Tom had made seemed to completely unnerve him. He came to me, and begged me to take up the case for him, entreating me to put forth all my Ijowere to unravel the mystery of the murder. And never did I enter into a case with Wiu mot s-A .il, or a stronger determination to reach ibe goal at which I aimed. I bad my hair cut che, and procured a dark wig and beard. Then in the attire of a shabby foreigner, and with a bag of sponges on my arm, J went and rented the rooms vacated by Mrs. Gordon and her buy. J had decided that the murderer must have been Homeone familiflr with the premitos, with the hahiu of the deceased woman, and with the movements of the Gordons Cautious inquiries resulted in the certainty that none of (he tenants of the numerous, Iiouko in the big pile of dwellingB had left since the murder, and 1 beg An to study thein. But for several day my efforts to obtain any clue seemed an though they would be fruitless. 1 Mas entering the common sLair at a late hour on a Saturday evening when a woman passed oic. " Noiah Morrissey, the rag eorter ? Where can ehe be going at eucb a late hour? A fine-built young woman, big enough to— yes, ehe is ; big enough to have 1 lifted the body of Mrs. Anderson from the bed to tbe corner where it woe found." ' 1 followed her cautiously, a task of some ' difficulty, for die seemed to wish to avoid j being recognised. At tbe junction of New 1 City-road with Western -road she stopped, ' and was presently joined by a soldier, to whom she handed something. " You're a buck. Noiah my jewel lOome iowu to the Broouiielaw at two to-morrow, ; and we'll have a sail to Greenock and back," < e nd the soldier c? I was passing them with a view to get s good look el him. 1 At tli e hour named next Afternoon 1 was sauntering along the Broomiel&w;, and followed the soldier and his sweetheart in board the steamer. They eat down on a seat on the deck, and 1 joined them, soon, to all appearance, falling asleep. | "Have you sent in the papers for your discharge vet, PAtsy 1 " asked the rag ' eorter. " Not yet, Norah ; what's the use of doing that till I'm sure of the money to buy myself out with ?" replied the soldier. "Haven't! told you plain enough that I've got the money ? But you're lo marry me firM, and then the money is yours." " Let me see it. I'll not believe you have it till you show it to me." " Couldn't trust you, Patsy dear : you might snatch it away from me and then swear it was your own. Oh, no ; just take me to church, and then the money will come." " I'll see you hanged first." What was there in the expression of the soldier to have Fu<ft a startling effect- upon the woman ? "Holy Mother! What is the matter with you, Norah, dear? You look A6 if you had seen n ghost-." " A touch o' the heartburn, Patsy- that is all." "Another strand of the rope that is to hang that woman ! " I said to inyclf. The soldier was evidently huffed, and without a word bo tbe woman, he left- the steamer at I'nrlick. .She followed, and to my intense chagrin, they thus escaped me for tire t ime, for 1 dare not- go with them.' Satisfied that 1 was on the right track, in the morning 1 went out to Maryhill in my own proper iierson. and made some in quiries orient, the soldier sweetheart- of Norah Morrisscv- I was not greatly sur prised to learn that he was a married man, who was making a cat's-paw of Norah for his own selfish ends. His wife. I was told, lived in a one-roomed house in Mnryhill. When Norah returned from her work in tbe evening she found a letter waiting her. which I had written, telling her that Patsy Callaghan wss a ma-ried man, and that his wife lived at No. 3. second stair, 26, Rowan-street., Maryhill. The letter had no signature, but it was efficncmus in produc ing the result I hoped. Accompanied hy Tom Tosh and a constable in plain clothes, I went out to Maryhill, and we awaited the com log of the Irishwoman. Soon After seven we saw her sulci the stair, and a minute afterwards Tosh followed quietly, remaining at the head of the second stair. Presently the excited voice of a woman was heard. " I don't believe you have the money ; you have been only Dying to make a fool of my Patsy, but he was too sharp for you. And if you have the £'20 you st-olc it off the ould woman. Mrs. Anderson, after you had strangled her. 1 would rather my' hu-I and was in che service for twenty yv- - ><.' ki-ar ha j-.,.:- <n.i by -r".- but 'i . wr |o Is r. . : n:-- i\ . ,\ „i. ' i-'-- 1-. ' she fainted. Hut she soon recovered, And b cub being procured, we conveyed our prisoner to the Central, Tom Tosb electrifying his chief by the story he had to tell. A search of Norab's room resulted in the stolen money being found and, wi ni was far more impoi - taut, a dark blue leather purse winch the niece of the murdered woman had given to her as a New Year's gift. Some of the notes si oleu had on the back the name of the factor who managed the little property Mrs. Anderson possessed, and had been paid to her by him a few weeks before (he murder. The evidence against Norah Morrsey was ihu« quite sufficient for a remand. In the mcAnlimc application for bail was made lo the Sheriff on behalf of Mrs. Gor don and her son, and it wae granted. Tom Tosh being the bearer to hie old sweetheart of the good news. " Where is the hoy ? " asked Tom when Mrs. Gordon w-s brought alone to the visiting room. " Why have Colin here ? It only adds to his grief every time he is allowed to see me. '' " You will be at liberty in five minutes, Helen," 6aid tbe detective, with a tremor in his voice thatrold her how keenly he felt the stigma that had been cast upon her. " Oh. Tom ! Then you have discovered my innocence ? " "No Sandy Sharp has done it all. It was Norah Morrieeey committed the murder." " I knew there wae such a woman in the land, but J never spoke to her. Here ie Colin.'" " We are going home again, my laddie. And oh, if ever ynu find anything again in the streets do not hide it from me." Norah Morrissey was sent for trial and found guilty. Mrs. Gordon and her sou vrero then formally placed in the dock, the "judge instructing the jury to return a verdict of not guilty. Be fore annonncing their discharge, the judge gave Colin a severe-lecture upon hie wickedness in having concealed from hie mother the finding of the gilded shilling, But both judge and court- were astonished when the boy said, the tears rolling down his cheeks as he s|»oke — "My lord, do you know what il is to be hungry ? Have you ever sat for a whole day in winter without fire or food ? If not you cannot tell mIihI 1 fclt-when 1 thought I had found a sovereign, enough to keep ' hunger and $old sway from us for a week I or two. That is all 1 haveito say." "How old is that boy 2" asked the judge. " I am thirteen, my ford." " Then 1 must confess that, his little speech does credit to his head and heart, and 3 shall be pleased if his mother will allow me to find an openjng for him where his undoubted talents may be cultivated." Tom Tosh wae a comparatively happy man when he took tea with the (fordone that Afternoon. He was. nob without hopes that Mrs.Gordon would at Jast believe in her husband's death, and marry her first lover— himself ; but he wisely refrained ; from broaching the subject for the time. j Before her execution Nor&h; Morrissey made a full confession of'bcr guilt, and she j met her doom with a firmness seldom shown | by a woman. < When another year bad elapsed, briog j jog no tidings'of her husband, Mrs. Gordon became Mi®. Tosh, and ray wife -and the happy bride coon became fast friends, 