INDIA A DESERT. \ The Seoupge of Rod. : The fqllowlng Is an article by A1. Sarath Ku- , mar Ghons, In the "Dally Express";— ; At tills' moment, says the writer; from trie i banks of the Godavery to the waters of. the' -Sutledj, all India is a desert.' Sixty, millions of people, as large a number as would twice fill Englnnd and Walts, are racked with: the pangs of hunger; six millions of them would die to-norrow but for- a handful of rice.: How many more have passed away beyond the reach of Jiuman aid no man can tell. In Central India the affliction Is the deepest. The fields are void and barren, and \vltliout people. The cracked earth, burnt to |ri mahogany brown, shrieks for rain. Not a patch of green any where, not a blade of grasB. The leaves of the trees, withered, frizzled, twlBted, have fallen off the .naked branches. In entire villages. not a living creature can be seen, - save perhaps an emaciated bullock breathing out Its life In the company of ,a starving crow, that .watches for Its last gasp from an adjacent dung-heap. Half the po pulation, those still able to walk or stand, have gone off to the relief camps; the other half have laid themselves down to die In si lence In hovels and In dark places. ' ' ': GRIM AND TRAGIC SCENES. The scenes in the camp are grim and tra gic. From One thousand to five thousand are gathered together- in different pluces, a mul titude of skin and bones, and hollow, g|ispy ' eyes. The flesh on any of them, would 'not cover the body of an average English baliei Their emaciated faces bear an expression of abyssmal despair, Intensified a hundredfold by contrast with the look of Intelligence and even of refinement in those not so far gone in starvation. Little children who haye come with their mothers into the camp stand with large, lustreless eyes, watching the hun gry, mangy curs that,, too, have followed In the wake of the population— and they fight with the curs to snatch a half-eaten crust. The usual labour in the camp is breaking stones; the pay an anna (penny) per day. A ' large heap, comprising a dozen big rocks, the largest half a hundredweight, Is a man's allotted task; a lesser heap, a woman's; lifxlf a man's heap is a child's. And these stones have to be broken up so small as to make macadam roads. A traveller ' was passing by the camp, ! a sturdy young Englishman. He noticed ' a man sitting before his unbroken heap, with arms thrown dejectedly over Ills knees. A few yards off was a girl of eight, ineffectu ally tapping a cobble-Btone with a small mallet. The traveller took In the situation, and asked the man for his hammer. The half-starved creature's hands trembled, weak ly In merely raising the hammer, and the young Englishman, athlete though he was, essayed a dozen vigorous blows before he could split the rock. But he stayed an hour, and broke up trie man's heap and the glri's. And now A NEW TERROR was added to the sufferings of the multi tude. So far they had water to drink; now the shallow wells, dug with spades aud mat tocks, liad yielded up their last drop. The camp had no scientific apparatus fqr bor ing deep artesian wells. And the heat was terrific; lBOdeg. in the sun. The sun was a ball of fire In a sky of copper. The thirsty multitude gazed upwards, with lolling tongues, but saw not a rain-cloud any where. Maddened with unutterable pain, ' they broke forth in search of water. In a body they deserted the camp. Hunger was bad; thirst a thousand times worse. Far across the fields they roamed In groups of tens and twenties. At last a cry of joy wa3 heard; it oame from a party making towards a clump of trees and low bushes. All within earshot rushed that way. In the centre of the little Jungle was a stagnant pool— the re mains of last year's rains, protected from the fierce sun by the overhanging trees and tall bamboo reeds. But the water was a yellow ish green, covered with a threefold layer. of rotting leaves. It was all alive with living creeping things, and buzzing with blue- winged files. Into this the multitude cast themselves and lapped up the water greed ily with., their tongues. That ulght cholera broke out In the camp— "BLACK CHOLERA," that tortures its victims with untold ago nies before releasing them by death. Its only mercy Is that It is so short; sometimes three hours, at most six. That night the . multitude laid themselves down by the road side. Most of them were In bare loln-eloths; here and there one lay shrouded In a' white sheet, like a silent ghost. The heat was ilO In the shade, and thlB was night. The un winking moon shone alike upon' dead and dying. Darkness would have given a sense of coolness. Not a ureath of wind stirred the dust-motes that hung in the air like painted spots against a painted sky. After a while the English doctor came. He felt' a pulse here, examined a distended eyeball there, shook his head in silence 'and passed on. Only a fow received a doBe from the black bottles his assistant carried. The ethers awaited their turn— some lying still In callous apathy, some struggling up with fe verish eyes, to read their doom In the doc tor's face. Suddenly a low moan was heard In the pal pitating stillness— from some ' poor wretch- who had read his death warrant. The effect was Instantaneous. The cry -passed from mouth to mouth. ELEVEN HUNDRED MOANS' shook the hot air, eleven hundred cowering forms swayed from side to side In agonising' terror. It was black despair and panic. now. A sudden panic, appalling In Its intensity. The eleven hundred rose up, all but the: dead, and fled into the night— some tottering and falling, rising again in a vain effort, then cast prone upon the earth— some reeling like drunken men, helping each other with locked hands, like the blind leading the blind. But all fled Into the jungle, the white, pitiless moon shining upon the- huddled heaps that marked the fugitives' flight along the fields. And there was none to bury them or burn -them. But from afar eff there rose an ominous sound— hoarse screeches ar.d flapping wings. It wns a flock of vultures,-1 starving, fierce, fighting one another with claw and talon to get down first to their horrid work. This was done In the green wood. IWhat shall be said, of the dry? "Who shall speak of the pains of those who remained In the village? Respectable women, veiled, frpin the eyeB of :nen, who to dig were not able, and to beg were ashamed! And when trie hot, , sleepless night came upon the men, they1 had at least the roadway to lie upon., . But what of the unseen women who panted be-:, neath low, flat roofs and red brick walls? And what of the children?— for where the; women are there are the children also. 