THE STORYTELLER, WHEN THE CUCKOO CALLED. By B. XI. DMBSTAITIEBL m. , lie announcement that Ixmdon music ? fiau audjeaces are losing their beads and iMa,+a over "Tlhe Girl ^ with the Guitar' " caases Mr. Seymour Gaston to smile as he looks down upon the world from his offices oil .the nineteenth floor of a New York skywraper. Mr. Gaston is an ingenious, ranch travelled young batchelor with a nis6oty and a fortune. He recently invented a folding fire-escape, which also has a history and in which another fortune is said to await him. Amd "The-Girl with the Guitar" is one of the two Zilterthaler sisters, -whose permanent address is unknown and who receive two hundred guineas a night for presenting their Tyrolean second-sight, seance. To such an extent do these mysterious maidens from the mountains hypnotise the public that they appear nightly at four different music halls. At the Alhambra they open tie ' performance at eight o'clock, after which they are rushed by tineir manager in an automobile to the Stage door of the second mu^ic hall, where they appeal at eight iorty-frre, aid so cm, winding up at libejAfluarium at a, few minutes before t£n with two hundred guineas in t"henpockets for tLe evening's work. When the curtain rises upon their tenmisute act, it discloses a typical Tyrolean scene—dim mountains in the background, a s ombre .pine forest, a toylike, gabled cottage in the distance, llie lights arc low and the stage is empty. The orchestra begins almost inaudibly a simple melody in the nnbor -iey.- --3P*esently a rich voice, that xailes doubt^in the mind of the listener as to iehether jt is male or female, joins in. It is ft -song of love, a eecaaade. The Sights grow dimmer. - -A new sound steals into the concerted" m0E55""3f voiSe and instruments; there are strange, bizarre chords and rippling,. asgieggios.-aiuL then the muse is drowBfcd'Brtire burstof-wild applause that ereetsSKeappearaQoe 'oT "The Girl with the Guitars'-' She-bowe modestly, the lights go -up, the rich Voice is heard again in a joyous yodfil, and the eister, too, appears dressed in the pytur-efeqafe' attire of an. At pine huotert' - This artistically conceived prologue brings .die audience into closer sympathy wiU£L,»wha± ipflcqjrs,,. "Tie Girl with the Guitar,"- unheeding the appJause end the demonstrations of the male portion of theandience, seats herself , at tie extreme right of the stage near the footlights. The sister is led by the manager along a narrow platform projecting into, the oentre of the Wllj where, after being.-blindfblded, die seats heiself with her back to the stage, and tile real performance begins, to the mnted music of the orchestra and the sad, fantastic chords of the guitar. The secondsight seance progresses in the time-honoured way, except that no word is spoken save by the blindfolded aster, who accurately names sod describes, in a clear, Tmwil voice, each article as it is borrowed from the audience held up 5n silence before the footlights by the manager, spine thirty feet behdndher back. "A. gold watch witn a liftftra&itsJbeejr;'ja gair «f pearl vperarfglaaeess'' Jtl half-crown ."piece wftTrf%n^m v, ?t^aiiaon,'tltfe Mindfolded giri describes the exhibits as though they were held out before her naked eyes. She never falters, never misses, and the puzzled look that comes to every face showi< how completely she has mastered her art. But it is the strange,.-.- brilliant beapty 'and ijje*" -fantastic muEic of "The ..-fiirU- with. ..the. iGuitaE" "who, seemingly "•unconscious'- of —her surroundings, gazes idly across the stage, that holds the breathless attention of the audience. Music like hers bad never before been beard from any instrument. It is absolutely unique; a new scale and new system of harmonics ^seem to have been diseovered^Jy this sombre-eyed girl. It is her weird, haunting melodies that trouble the mind with strange thoughts, and the impres- sion of mystical, occult powers at work produced by the performance, is really traceable to this music and the'mysterious personality of the girl lyhich pervades and dominates it alL < All tins vividly- recalls to Mr: Gaston a ten-r^mitejirama. of life in which he once played a part and which illustrates, how a man inn regain his lost peace of mind by bong suddenly brought .back to $he brink of eternityi' '.- '•'•,"-„•' i. For yearsago, while he was managing the affairs of a* large American enterprise ic London, a cablegram announced to him one day thafhis'business partner in the United States had robbed him of'all he possessed. Brooding over his ruined business, to which be had given ten yean of his life and sacrificed bis health, his peace of mind fled and. he travelled aimlessly over the Continent in search of anything that might bring him sleep and help him to bury the past. Hie doctors sent nim to Baden-Baden, but he soon found that the conventional; watering • place, -ftfhere one reads suffering in almost every face, proved' anirritant to his in- Eomhia:. The mbre;he canje jn.fpntact with humanity the more he felt drawn "towards Nature. So he started on a tour of the Black Forest. At Trieberg, the picturesque little village -which stands on the edge of a great waterfall high up in the dark, pineclothed mountains,. he found 'pleasure for a few days in via ting the quaint cottages scattered through the surrounding wilderness where the cuckoo clocks, music-boxes, and wood carvings are made that always attract foreigners. The mountaineers carry these clocks and carvings on the back for miles down the winding, perilous -pathways to a public exhibition hall at Trieberg in which is kept a full line of samples for the convenience of purchasers. But the novelty of these scenes soon wore off, and on the third day after his ar rival Gaston^ craving excitement, bribed the, custodian of this exhibition hall to set off' all the clocks and instruments at intervals of one second. The chorus of a. thousand cuckoos, reinforced by the patriotic rendering of "Die Wacht am Ehein," the William Tell overture and "Die Lorelei" by scores of orchestrions and music-boxes, delighted him, but proved demoralising to a party of American tourists bent on doing Europe in ten days. Mistaking their excited" brandishing of alpenstocks, umbrellas and Baedskers for demonstrations of approval, the keeper kept up the performance until the inexorable schedule dragged the prospective purchasers away. They had spent the ten minutes allotted to the Black Forest. In his wanderings and search for adventure, Gaston, came one day upon what seem ed like an unused trail that led higher up the mountain from an almost impenetrable jumble of rocks and pines near the waterfall. . "The Witches' Path," exclaimed his landlord, when questioned, "and who ever follows it never returns." It might have an outlet in another valley beyond, he added, but, shaking his head, there were strange stories about the Witches' Path, and while he could not verify them he knew that no \- one of his guests who had essayed to explore it had ever come back. Sick of chattering men and women, harrowed day and night by his troubles, Gas- ton rejoiced in the prospect of an adventure of any kind, and while he smiled at the suggestion of danger lurking in the recesses of the Witches' Path, he secretly hoped there might be. Life was not a joyful possession to Seymour Gaston in tnos; days, and he cared little whether he lived or died. So, early the following morning, with a well-provisioned knapsack on his back and an alpenstock in his hand he set out upon the Witches' Path. After ten hours of climbing, crawling, sliding and slipping over almost impassable rocks and through impossible thickets, the trail led into a stretch of forest so dense as to completely shut out the fading daylight, and the wanderer was glad to accent as a bed the thick, endless carpet of pine needles that lay stretched out before him. The following morning he resumed his journey, and at noon discovered, high' on the mountain side, what appeared like a grey toybouse hidden among the rocks and pines. After another hour of tiresome climbing h* stood befpre a cottage built upon the very a COtta rT- g , ouut upon ine TCTV ^•echoed !l g LS f the ^hoarse ^ t t 'booming - I ' J 1 of 0 . a tmountain i l ? ™ "stream. -His' knock was answered by a \- short, white-bearded mountaineer with .piercing grey eyes, who, upon learning that •his visitor spoke German, received him hospitably with the remark that it was .seldom' indeed that visitors came his way ts brighten • the lonely lives of himself and niece, who, - he added, lived by making cuckoo clocks. It required no urging on the •part of Caspar Kollner, the cottager, to in- ; duoe his guest to defer his return until the following day, and after supper, served by ! the mountaineer s attractive young niece, ' the tourist was equally willing to join h'<i host in a pipg and game of ecarte, while the young lady looked on and played weird airs SpTher gmtar Whether it was the strange quality of her undeniable beauty and the sombre -mystery of her eyes, or her music, Gaston soDn lost interest in the game. Although there seemed little purnose or training in her half listless playing • the sounds seemed to.hint at things, at fancies such as Gaston supposed might visit the soul of one who naa stray-, ed from the paths of his fellow-men into : an exotic, unhealthy world of his own, where strange birds sang in a dusky, scented twilight. He played recklessly, lost steadily, and was repeatedly compelled lc resort to the Bank of England notes in his •wallet. "You are in bad luck to-night. Shall w? stop? You - -— must be tired --— — after i, . your - rrii long " tramp, at last suggested the nost- in en, counting the mones - slowly, and with evi-! dent pleasure, be handed to Gaston all the latter had lost. It was promptly pushed back protesting!}-, whereupon Kollner exclaimed, "Never! The pleasure is mine; the money is yours. It is my custom to play for stakes to lend interest to the game, but the law of hospitality forbids mv keepj™ what 1 win." So Gaston returned the money to his -wallet and bade his generous host and hostess good-night. Kollner led him to a large, low-studded room on the upper floor, in which every article of. furniture WBS elaborately hand-carved. '.3Fhe masterpiece, of my craft," -exclaimed Koilner, as he pointed with pride to a mammoth cuckoo clock, fully four feel wide and reaching nearly to the ceilins "But our proudest possession,'^ he continued, as he led his guest through a tall French window upon a small verandah, "is this," pointing to a view that caused Gas- . ton to gasp for breath. The balcony direct 1 ]j- overhung the mightly gorge, and from the gulf of blackness far below rose the sound of the tumultuous stream, while an uncertain moon threw fantastic shadows over the towering peaks above. "Most wonderful of all," continued Kollner, "is the echo, 'The Ghost of the Gorge" as it is called. Yon shall hear it at dawn.". With that he wound up and set the big clock, addinp, "When the cuckoo calls, rise and come to this balcony. My niece shall play from the rocks below and you will hear the spirit answer. Good-night!" As on many other weary nights, sleep refused to come to Gaston. He lay for hoa.j listening to the gurgle of the water and hearing it in echoes of the wild music of the guitar. Towards morning a feveri=n slumber came, from which he was aroused by the shrill "Cuckoo! Cuckoo!" of the mechanical bird. Clad in his pyjamas Tie drowsily grope-i his way in the dusk towards the balcony. He had almost reached it when he overturned the chair which had served to keep the window" half open during the night. In its outward fall it carried down theoalcony with a crash, and Gaston, horror-stricken, barely iept iis -balance by grasping the window casing. From die dart chasm rose the weird strains of the guitar, echoijg through -the gorge. Hie Iiorelei was calling! But her notes were drowned by the shrill creaking of the iron hinges upon which the balcony now swung to and fro below Gaston, and which, like a flash, told him he had been led to a man-trap of hellish ingenuity. Instantly horror gave way to anger, and the instinct of self-defence roused him to action. For months he had been reckless of danger, almost courted death. Now he was seized with an overpowering desire to live. He turned from the window and began to dress hurriedly when a noise attracted his attention to the cuckoo "clock. Was it a, hideous delusion? No! The thing was actually moving towa -d the centre of the room! In another, instant KoHner appeared from, an adjoining room through a door which the clock had concealed, his eyes glaring fiendishly as thev rested upon the empty bed. Then, as he -turned and saw Gaston, his face became a mask of absolute fright and bewilderment. For a moment only he recoiled, then flung himself upon his guest jfith the fury of a beast: Bach instantly realised that the fetrnggle would be to the death. Frenzied 3by the miscarrying of. his diabolical plot, the mountaineer struggled madly, blindly, for a grip that should enable him to hurl his adversary over the mighty precipice. Foiled again and again by the agility of Gaston and forced to the defensive, he turned towards the open door to escape. As he did so Gaston rushed upon him, pinned his arms to his sides, and pushed him inch by inch to' the open window," and— Caspar Kollner reached the end of the Witches' Path! Ten minutes later Gaston found the niece quietly preparing breakfast. She looked surprised,*but when he told her that her uncle and not he had answered the Jjorolei's call, she asked, with' naive inno cence, what he meant. It was-only after he haid threatened to hand her over to the police at Trieberg that she made this conlession:— \- • _ - - • She had been brought up by her uncle, who had invented tie folding balcony, and who always engaged his guests in a game of cards. He invariably won because he bad taught her as a child to signal, by means of notes and chords on the guitar, the cards held by his opponent. He thus learned if his guests were supplied with money, and-to gain their full confidence returned all they,had lost. .He-was enabledto-set the-man-trap from his room below. Although the gorgs held the remains of thirty victims, it was his boast that he had never killed a man, that each-had of hie own iree will walked into eternity. Gaston had heard enough. He • did not stop for breakfast. He left '.Trieberg the following evening, and thoughts of his busi ness troubles no longer occupied his mind. When he returned to America he set to work to retrieve his lost fortune, and the folding fire-escape, he tells his friends, was suggested' by something he saw abroad, Gaston does not claim the gift of second tight, but he knows, he says, that in the performance, of the Zillerthalers, the we:rd strains produced by "The Girl with the Guitar" describe to her blindfolded sister the articles borrowed of the audience. 