[Alt. Ricitits Kbservhd ] THE MYSTERY OF FAIR HOLME HALL. " I any, Fiiivholme, what's this I hear about a mysterious figure being seen to flit around your ancestral home ? You surely have not started a family ghost since I saw you last ?" The speaker was a handsome young fellow, luxuriously ensconced in the depths of a big chair drawn up to the library fire at Fairholme Hall. " Most cei tainly not. There never has been anything so romantic as a uhost haunting the old nlace, to my know ledge," replied his companion, his senior by some years. " It was some silly .story invented by a moonstruck housemaid frightened at her own shadow," he con tinued, stooping to knock the ashes out of his nipe. " My wife and I did our best to convince the girl of the absurdity of the tiling, but it was no good; she declared nothing would induce her to live with a ghost. She left, and being a girl from the village, of course the story got all over the place." He spoke care lessly, but a close observer would have detected a tinge of anxiety in his voice. " You are not given to nerves, so I need not fear leaving you in this reputed haunted house, though all the same I am awfully sorry to have to go ofl just as you get here, Singleton." " My dear fellow it is not your fault." " Well, no; it is my bounden duty to attend my father-in law's funeral, and my wife being a bit shaken with the fort night's hard nursing I don't like her travelling alone the next day." Hugh .Singleton was not inclined for sleep that night so sat reading for some time by his bedroom fire, getting so interested in the book that when he dis covered the other volume had been left in the library he determined to go in search of it. To his surprise, the gas, though turned low. was still burning, and the French window slightly open. " I suppose Fairholme is taking a noc turnal prowl round the premises," he thought, as he began 'searching for the book among a heap of magazines and papers that littered a table near the win dow. He stood facing the garden, and had just found the object of his search when a figure in woman's dress appeared at the window; then, seeing him, glided away. At the same moment Mr. Fair holme softly opened the door. " I say, Fairholme," .whispered Hugh, peering cut into the darkness, " I be lieve there is some truth in that girl's story after all. I distinctly saw a woman pass just now. Supposing we go out and investigate ?" '• Nonsense." returned the other lightly. "It must have been your fancy. I have had a few things to see to before starting, the room was hot,'so 1 opened the window. You saw the branches of that chestnut-moving in the wind, and by this half-light took the movement for a passing figure." Hugh was unconvinced, but, seeing the other seemed anxious to shut up the house for the night, went back to his room. i " As there is net a breath of wind, those bra lichen could not have been stirred," he said to himself. " I will watcix carefully to-morrow night, when I have the place to myself." But though he sat up till past three, with eyes and ears on the alert, every thing remained perfectly quiet. The next night he lazily asked himself j whether he should repeat the experi- ! ment, decided that it was not worth the ] trouble.and prepared to liavea final pipe before turning in. As lie stood by the; fireplace, idly drumming on the wains-j cot. and'wishing that his friends were back to cheer his solitude, he began to whistle,'' Ah ! che la niorte." He had ' heard the song well sung a few days ore- | viously, and the tune had been running j in his head ever since. Presently to his astonishment, he felt the panel begin to | slide from beneath his fingers, a hollow space became visible, and from it step 1 ped out a slight, fragile-looking girl, ■with the most beautiful chestnut nair he had ever seen. For an instant they . stood gazing at each other in speechless ' dismay, then, with a stifled cry, the girl turned to the opening again : but Hugh caught her firmly by the wrists. "Stop!" he said, authoritatively. " You must explain what you mean by coming into the room in this extraordi nary fashion. " Mr. and Mrs. Fairholme both know I am here." she answered. " [ think you are their friend, Mr, Hugh Singleton, from the description they gave me of him." Then, as Hugh continued to hold her firmly, she added,. imploringly : "If one of . the servants found me liere. it might mean my death. I only came be cause I heard the signal, and thought Mr. Fairholme had come back sooner than he expected." "But I gave no signal," said Hugh, touched—in spite of his suspicions that she was the accomplice of some thief— by her pale, frightened face. and quiver ing lips." " Someone tapped on the panel, and I then whistled ' All! che la morte,' I thought it was all right when I heard that, so touched the spring and came I out." j " The servants went to bed long aeo. | and there is no one besides myself stay ing in the house, so you are perfectly safe," Hugh said. " Before I let you go, you must tell rue your name, and why it is you are hiding here.-.' " My name is Valerie St. Leper, and I am hiding because " she hesitated a moment—" I am: accused of having' murdered someone. The evidence is strong against me, and unless I tell the name of the person who I know really did tlie deed,.and give the proofs that1 would condemn her, they might' hang me if I fell into their hands. You will keep my secret; you will not let anyone know 1 am here ? " . " I swear I will not. But you look aw-: fully pale ; let me set you some wine."-. She shook her head. "lam not ill ; it is only that I have missed the air lately. Since Mrs. Fair liolme left it has not been safe for me to come out every night." " Ail! you are the ghost, then ; my eyes did not deceive me two nights ago." " No; you gave me a terrible fright when I saw you standinsthere.Iliad not been out for a week, and I was beginning to feel so faint that Mi.Fairholme said we would risk it for a few minutes. He had gone to fetch something for, hie to take when you came in. Seeing a man stand ing by the table, in the dim light, 1 mis took you for him, and was just going to speak when I found out my mistake.'"' '• But, surely, you don't live behind that panel ? " " Oh, no!that is the entrance to a pas sage that leads to a flight of steps built in the thickness of the wall. At the bot tom you come to a little room called 'The Priest's Hole.' That is where I have been living for the last two months." " You poor child ! " said Hugh, com passionately: "So wonder you look pale. But I wish you would.. tell .me the whole story." " It would take too long to-night, and it is never safe for me to come out in the day." : v " But cannot I go to you ? " •' Not until the Fairholnies are back. There would be no one to signal to you MMg that the coast war clear this side. My safety lies in the fact that liau ly any one knows that there iB a secret passage behind the wainscot. X come up and Btand there sometimes for change of air. That is how I heard you tapping to night. The signal is tapping. While whistling an air from • Trovatore 1 to deaden the noise of the raps. It would not do to always whistle the same tune so we chose an opera with popular airs in it. Good night. I dare not stay lon ger now." She sprang into the opening and closed the panel before he had realised what she was going to do. When the Fairhol rues arrived next day Hugh drew his host aside and told him of the discovery lie had made the pre vious evening. •' It's a bad business for Valerie, poor child," said Mr. Fa'irholme. " She is as innocent of the crime as you are, and yet lias to submit to this imprisonment or betray hei half-sister." " What a horrible, alternative ! But who is she ? " " The only child of a friend-—long since dead—to whom I was under a great obligation. He risked his life to save mine, in fact ; so when I heard of the terrible strait to which his daughter was reduced I willingly agreed to help her." " I am very curious to hear the whole story," Hugh said. " She shall LhH you the details herself later on. In a nutshell, the facts aie these. Valerie's mother had made a runaway marriage with .someone creatly her inferior in the social scale. That was before she ever saw Mr. St. Lcger. The aflair was hushed up. and the tirat hus band dying soon after, it was decided (for family reasons, which I cannotenter into now, to keep the marriage a secret. When the child. Eunice was born, she was placed with a family abroad, and brought tip in entire ignorance of her parentage. Miss Hilton—the aunt who adopted Valerie after her parents'death —of course knew about it. but "Valerie herself never even suspected she had a sister. Unluckily, the true facts of the case came to Eunice's ears ; she went to her aunt, and r. violent quarrel en sued, Eunice declaring she had been kept out of her rights, and deprived of a portion of her mother's money. The two sisters are so much alike that, nr. one having seen Eunice come to the house (she had been admitted by an old nurse, who had always taken her part), tlie girl wtio was seen to leave Hilton s room immediately, after the quarrel was believed to be Valerie. Miss Hilton was found on the floor dead. lia\ing struck her forehead against the marble curb when .Eunice, in the heat of passion, had pushed her violently aside. The nurse managed to get Eunice away dressed in boy's clothes, Valerie meanwhile having come here and implored me to protect her. When the a flair has blown over a bit we shall try and get her abroad, hut of course, just at present sue is being sought for everywhere.'.' Hugh paid many a visit to the Priest's Hole during his stay, and when he left it was with Valerie's promise to be his wife, if ever the cloud of suspicion which rested on her should be lifted. She would never marry unless liei name was cleared she told him. They had not long to wait before death released the ill-fated Eunice from the burden of remorse that lay so heavily upon her ; and her full confession le moved all doubt of Valerie's innocence. 