flH AT'TP.R • VIV THE TELEPHONE. Janson became another man then. He had hits back to the door in n moment, und a sharp eve on his two prisoners. I He spoke in a very dillerent, tone of I voice, too—the courtesy had loft it— sliarulv and aggressively, f<»' he \v>is annoyed that he had been deceived by the bairister's apparent truthfulness. " Cease these heroics, Mr. Daverson, they don't wash. I don't mind admit tinu that you have been clever enough to fool me up to now ; but you may as well throw ofl the mask and face the musie. Hold oat your hands." I " No, no. Janson, for God's sake, spare me that! I " Not a spare," replied the deotective firmly. " I'm not trusting you out of I my touoh. You're a clever man, Mr. Daverson.and I'm just croing to take care you're not too clever for me. A man who fools me once. finds he has a hard row to i hoe the .second time . . . That's it now the other wrist .... (tli ilea, now we are a bit safer." i '• Jansoii, I know that in arresting me 1 you are but doing your duty " " Which I have neglected too long, thankB to your plausible tongue." "But, Janson, as God is my judge, I am in no " " Drop it ; or save it up. Keep it for the jury, for you're bound for the Old Bailey as safe as God made little apples." ,f I know you think me guilty. I know appearances are against me " " They could not—abort of the dead spamkiug—be very much more so." " How uhe body came there, I know no more thuxi you do." " No,of course net—you wouldn't. But it isn't worth while trying to convince me of that. I'm only one man, you know. Wait till you've got twelve of them in front of you." " Let me tell you." Don't tell me anything, because I should not believe you, whatever you said. To speak plainly, I don't think I ever came across such a truthful liar in my life, and I've had a bit of experience, too. Why, you even raised doubts in my mind—and I'm looked 011 as being one of the most suspicious luen at the Yard— as to your guilt. Besides, you know as well as I do, that all you say will turn up against you attlie hearing. I'm a police man, you know." " I am speaking the truth—" ■' Perhaps. Perhaps not. Anyhow you may want to twist your yarn a different way at the Bailey. What you say to me now might not fit then." ,The actress was showing signs of re covery from her faint, Addressing an officer Janson said: " Close that cupboard door lift her up into the chair, man That's it Come here Keep your eye on both of them." He then walked to the telephone, turned the handle and placed the re ceiver to his ear; '• No. 3536 Gerard please, Mis8 yes j thankyou, I will." He stood there patiently for a few moments while the communication was made, and then spoke into the trans' ruitter again: " I'm Janson Janson Who are you ? Is Kinedley there ? Ask him 1 to come to the phone That you. Smedley P I'm in Garden Court. Temple. | No. 3. Note the number. Send on here immediately covered ambulance, three | plain clothes men and surgeon, imme diately, you understand P HaB the ' Super gone ? Ask him to go on to j Bow-street at once, I'm taking two prison I ers there now Murder case I went to Liverpool about, teil him......Red hot Yes All clear ^.....Hight. | He hung up the receiver and rang ofl. " Light those candles, Jim ; it is get ting dark. Now, Mr; Daverson, is this your hat ? Good......There, that's on all right. This your overcoat ?......Better hung it over your hands......like that. See ? That will hide the darbie3. Two of my men will walk alongside you, till you get to the lane where there's a cab waiting. Are you ready ? " Daverson signified by a movement of his head that lie waB. He was too over powered by what had happened to talk. " Now, juBt one final word," continued the officer. It's a short walk, and when you smell the fresh air you may be tempted to make a dash for it. Don't. Mynien are younger and more athletic than you are. They'll have their eyes on you. and there are men posted at each exit. You'd stand no ghost of a chance if you tried to flit. See P......That's right. Act sensibly—and we act kindly. You might be three gents going out to a din ner party ; 110 one will know the truth unless you give the show away Now, then,. Mr. Daverson, forward if you please. I'-U'follow presently with tlie lady. You, Jim, get" another cab.' I will wait here till they come on from the Yard." The trinity of men left. Janson let them out, and returned to the inner office." ■ He sat down and began turning out the papers in the top drawers; of Daverson'ts table. After p moment or' so hud elapsed, the actress said : " Mr. Janson, will you-let me ask you a question - " I wouldn't, Miss, if I were you. .Still tongues in cases of this-sort make wise heads, you know." , " You have warned me—I talk at my own lisk. I have only the bnre plain truth to tell." " Urn—that's what Daverson said." : " Let me tell you my story—" " " Why? Don't. I don't want to hear it.- It isn't fair. I'm a policeman, but for nil that, I've got views of right and wrong, mid it ib not right to let you give yourself away." " Still, whilst we are waiting, I should like to tell you—" : "Why? Don't. Lord, Miss, you re mind me every minute more and more of that piece—' Jo '—I saw you playing in. You may remember that you would keep on talking there ; and I remember the officer—Bucket, wasn't it ? Inspec tor Bucket—warning you against it then. But it doesn't seem much good warning you, you will ' parley.' " " No—beoause I want to tell you all I know. You are a clever man—" " You (latter me, Miss." " Not at all—your disguise at the Liverpool Theatre, so that I did not re cognise you, appeals to my theatrical nature. That was clever." " TJm—there was another disguise I met you in to-day." : " Really." '':Yes—I waB the old man with the fits." He changed his voice as he spoke. " A-goin' up to Guy's Horspittle all alone, cos my cliillern and grenehillern didn't keer about me." "That was you? Truly, I was right to call you clever." " Waanta bad bit of make-up, was it y I was a trifle nervous about facing a pro. with iton. I thought you might pene trate my disguise." " No ; I never for a moment had the faintest suspicion. Now let me tell you my story." " You will1 parley ' you know." " Because I have faith in you as being a clever officer. I want to convince you of my innocence ; I want to win you to my side." " A bit difficult, Miss—with that cup board full of murdered man." " I don't believe he was murdered." •' You don't ! " •' I believe he committed suicide." " What ? And then tied himself up in red tape, and locked himself in the cupboard, and put the key in Daverson's pocket ! Try something thicker, Miss— if you must ' parley '—that's too thin. You can see through it with your eyes shut." 