RIZPAH, COMPLETE IX TJTIS ISSUE: by BM E. HOLDSWORTH, Author of " Joanna Traill, Spinster," "The Years that tho Locust batli Eaten," &e.;, &0. a- «; COPYBXGHSB. I ! T The »i; «i F II W C U t t ' 3 dentil was one o£ tliose i>rob- loins which a hurvy- ing civilisation lias . tin lime to solve. The dark niglit, the steps slippery with ice, Fawcetl's impetuosity, made a setting obvious enough for the ver dict of acciden tal death. l-h'e concerned , itself with t li o latest murder ; earili re- ceived l'uwcolt, and men forgot him. Rut his death had built a stronger barrier between his wife and Mark than the one his life had raised, itiapah could not forget that Fawcett hud forbidden her friendship with Marl;. Shu feared disloyalty when, in these first days of widowhood, licr heart turned instinctively to lier old friend. She longed for his presence; and tho longing kept her from seeking it. lie knew of l-a-.veott's death, and he would come to her. Hut Mali; was busy in Ins studio, put ting a screen of work between himself and the thought of Kizpah. Tho oak chest, with its carving of Hizpah hooping tho vul tures from her dead, was hidden in the window scat. Ho would have nothing to remind liiin of 1 lie love Fawcott's deceit hud stolen from Jiim. She was free now; yet ho worked early and late si riving to iorgcfc her. lint he could forget her as little as the picturo that haunted him. It was always before him — his suddcil wrestle with Faweeit, (he slippery steps, the chang ing face under the street lump, the silence. Tint silence had surged round him then liku a triumphant strain ; now it struck into his own life and made it dumb. The night hud waved bimners over tho dead man ; now it threw a pall across Mark's days. Under the pall was Fawcott's face, a horror intolerable. lie could not go to comfort Hizpah ; the flung was too ironical. lie heard how hardly tho three mouths' wife look the blow; how she fretted and drooped; but if he had known that she was grieving tor bis absence, and not. for Fawcett, ho would still have remained away. Tie was very busy. His great picture was uhnnst finished, and it was another irony that its subject lushed his memory into the rcmeiobranco he was slriviug- In forget. "1 am the Hcsui- rrctimt and the Life,'' the title was written at the foot of the canvas. Above it the white splendour 'if tho angel shone oaf, a 'marvellous pre sentment of life, ft was a great picture, mid Mark knew it. it needed only the finishing touches before he couid send it out to make his name and fame. He was still working at it. dissatisfied that he had not reached the idcid with which ho had started, and while ho worked 1o express (he triumph of- life over death .'Knweeto held his -hand, and t lie' (lead tri umphed over tho living'. To escape from the f.'ice that was always with liiin, Murk only worked lnoro .fever ishly. 1-le painted out tho motto, but still " I am the Resurrection" gave point to tho sne«r on Fay/cell's face. Sometimes I lie grim humour of the tiling would seize Murk, and ho would throw down palette aim brus.'i tuid laugh uncontrollably. When tho mood was over he would paiiit with a fury of mildness to get away from the mad ness he feared. But wurk'as he might lie could not forget tho liiiui ho had hustled out of his way and out of tho world. Mcanwhilo the picture cumu no nearer completion. Tho later work was only blot ting out meaning from tho conception. Tho longer he worked the furl her from him was the ideal, the nearer to him eaiiic the moot ing face lie could not escape. Stscov, tho R.A., frowned when ho saw the picture again. He walked about the room, and, head on one side, looked at it from ovcry point of view. " Your first idou was the best—undoubt edly bolter than this. In my opinion you have ruined the thing." " What is wrong with it?" said Mark ruuglily, biting liis moustache. Staccy pursed up his lips. "There's no poetry, no suggestivvuess in it as it lioiv stands. And why in the world did you take poor Faw- oett as your model? Such a face as his strikes a false note." Mark interrupted him hv a sudden step furward. "There's no suggestion of Faw- cett anywhere," lie cried sharply. " My dear fellow, the likeness is only too striking. Of courso it in l-'awcctt ! And Faweeit, poor devil, as the Angel of Life! l'oiih! it's loo ridiculous." The two men looked at each other, and Stacey's easy smile died away as be saw Mark's face. " Iluilo, old chap, are von ill, or some thing!" Mark shook his head and pnllod himself together. Tho blood lit its fire among the ashes on his face. llis oyos, liko two flumes, swept tlio canvas, searching for the likeness Staccy b.ul seen. As tho hated features sprang to his gaze lie gave a short laugh, matched up a knife, und slushed it across the Angel's face, blotting out life and death at a stroke. "Are you mad?" Staccy shouted, seizing his arm. bat he was too late. Laughing again, Mark Hung the knifo from him, It sped across the room, and pierced the figure of llizpah on tho curved chest. " You havo done it now !" Staeov said angrily. "You have ruined yourself." That picture mount fame. You'll not puint an other so good." Mark did not answer. He was going round tho studio, peering with his short sighted eyes at. every canvas. He came back to the easel with a face to which tho life laid returned. Some horrible fcur hud been removed by his impaction of the- pic tures Llis laugh was awkward us he met the other man's eyes. " Pooh ! tho -thing was no good," ho said. "I always felt that it was sentimental and ctup-'rap. I'm glad 1 had (he courage to pat ail end to it." "You've put a:i end to mora tlinn tho picture," said Stueey, looking at him curi ously. ' I advise you to go into tho country for a rest. You're a bit run down, you know." Mark rubbed his hands nervously. "Never was better in my life," lio "laughed. Staccy grunted. " Your best friends wouldn't know you fur the man von were a year ago. And would any sane man have destroyed bis work? 'You aro working too hard. Take my advice and give yourself a rest." After Staocy had loft him, Mark sat stav ing at the ruined picture. A horror crept over him, ' Would he never get away from Fiiwcolt again? II. , During the next days a good many artists dropped in to see Mark. A queer story was running about town that ho had dclibe-rately destroyed the best piece of work lie had ever done. Ilo met his friends' inquiries in a way- that only confirmed llieir suspicions, and his un accountable fury added impetus to tho re port. At last it mude its way beyond' Ken sington art circles, and Hizpah beard that Mark was losing his reason. The news roused her from her sorrowful brooding. It ex plained his silence, and lifted away the bur den of conjecture. His absence was not caused by estrangement. After the first relief the thought of his danger pressed on her willi a weight of misery. Murk alone, battling with illness, drew liar strongly. lie had been her lover, and she loved him still. She had a right to go to him when lie needed care uud love. Why should conventionality divide them when destiny had removed tho barrier be tween them. Faweeit had been dead a year, and sho had played out the faroe of mourning. She had not loved liim. She would never have married him but for that story ho hud told her of Mark's desertion. And now Mark needed her, anil sho would not allow her husband to sepnrato them any longer. Sho trembled as she climbed tho steps of the studio. The thought of the old days, when she had run up swiftly to meet her lover, shook her limbs. The hours sbo had sitt to him for the desigu ho had carved on tho chest lay on her like leaden weights, holding her back. l!ut their weight swung licr forward too. If Hizpah could guard her dead from tho vultures, tho modern Hizpah could guard the living. No one answered her knocking ut the studio door, aud after n few minutes she turned tlio haucllo and went in.. As sho crossed tho room Mark lifted bis eyes, and stared blankly. Ho inado no movement of welcome, uud tho cliango in him, bis haggard face and olrnngo manner, were knives in her heart. Weakness and irresolution crouched in (lie figure sho re membered with its splendid certainty of strength. She pressed her hands together, and her faco whitened. It was true, then; ho was losiug his reason I " Ob, Mark— my dear love !" At her cry he sprang ux>, and recognition leaped to bis eyes. "Hizpah! Is it you? You have come?" he cried, wondcringly. " Y'es," she answered, with a little sob ; " I want you, Mark 1" She would havo taken his hand, but be drew away from her. " Don't touch mo!" lie said sternly. "You ought not to hiiTe come. You don't know what bus happened." She smiled, calling all her courage to her help. " Yes, I know what has happened. You must not sond mo away, Mark." She looked at him, and did not falter as she added : " I have come because I love you." " You don't know what you are saving !" he said harshly. "I am not the Mark you loved. I am a " " I know — I know," she interrupted. She couid not bear to hear him put this horrible lour of madness into words; and site ran to him aud took bis hand and pressed it against her breast with a tender, caressing motion. She looked up at liim, her eyes deep with love. ".Mark, I know every thing," alio said earnestly. " Don't let us talk about it. I love you, and that is enough. Wo must let the past .go." He stared vaguely at her. " You know about it? And you still love me ?" " f know everything," she repeated ten derly and solemnly. "And I love you. Wou't you believe mo? Nothing can chuugc my love. Murk, you will let- tne take, cars of you now?" lie drew nway from hor, and sat down and covered his fare; and Hizpah stoud looking pitifully at tho wreck of tlio man sho lovea. After u time she put lier hand softly on llis head, and he lifted liis worn and haggard face. His glance caught and mingled with tho love in her eyes. "How can you love inc still?" ho said hoarsely. " A good womitu, and I " " I am not good," she cried, with quick insistence, aud then shame stained her face, and she bent her head, humbled. " Mark, let me confess. I am not good. I am wicked." Her voico drooped till it dragged on tho ground. " Oh, my dear, when he died — when he died — I wns'glatl." She hid her humiliation on his neck, and she did not see the ilush in his eyes that made weakness and irresolution drop from him liko dead things. Ho drew himself up, and his look probed through her shame to tho lovo in her abandonment. I-lo remem bered tho passion and tho promise of their past. It was for hor sako that lie had dealt Fnwcett that blow. Sho knew, what lie had dune, and she loved liiin still. She was glad that Fawcett was deud. That jus tified liis crime; lie could bear pain and remorse that bought happiness for her. And why should they not bo happy? 'Why should Fawcett still spoil their lives? AH tho old days of love thronged round ldm, pleading for their consummation. With Hizpah's heart beating against his lie could not deny them. His arm locked round her, und ho bent his faco to her faco. " This atnnes for everything !" he whis pered passionately. "You shall bo my Angel of Life— my Angel of Lovo, that was dead and is alivo again." / She lifted her eyes to answer his, but as ho looked into them his face changed and his arms fell from her. " I am the Resurrection I" Fawcott's voico drummed, in bis ears. III. They went to a new world, where only Hizpah's pressure reminded Mark of Faw- cett. In the Alps health came back, and power to escape from the oppression of liis thoughts. Sky and snow and mountain peak built up a screen between liintsolf and memory. Lovo diverted his morbid thoughts, and as the weeks passed lie became again tho Mark that 1 lie girl Kizpuli had known. His eyes Hashed with the. old brightness, his smile was ready to meet here, his feet kept paeo with her springing tread. They lived as though the shadow of Fawcett had never been thrown across their lives. Hizpah was radiant in the love that had found its earth ly close, and hud cast out the demon that had possessed Mark. Life burgeoned with gladness. When winter came, and her happiness blossomed through dull days weighted willi cold, Mark wondered at licr. Nothing clouded her gaiety ; her laugh echoed through the gloomiest day. It bore her liko a Hashing tide over tlio rocks that strewed their lives, it covered tho wasto X>lnccs of tho past. Fawcett might never have existed so far as sho was eoucorticd. At last all this gladness overleaped itself, and, crashing down, shattered Mark' peace He measured Hizpah's lovo for him bv her forgstfulnoss of Fawcett, and' lift told" him self Hint a woman who could so easilv for get must be heartless. The gloom that had lifted swept around him again, a wintry fog obscuring bis vision. He could not see his old love, and he tried to find her again in nuw scenes. iliey went froni x>lace to place, whipped on by the lash of his restlessness. Florence Venice, Munich offered 110 delight that could hold him, and Hizpah, following breathless, saw »..e evil spiirit again in pos session. , 1 Sho hid her troublo' that Mark might lie X>lcascd; but her cheerfulness was like the barking of tho dogs that liouudcd him on. If sho had been subdued and saddened sho would havo suited his mood, and might have comforted him by sharing the burden lie ear ned. Ho said to himself bitterly it was nuuiing to hor that his days were dark ened; sho found hor happiness still. lie had thought her deep- natured ; but now he told himself only a shallow nature could bury memory under the flowers of life. Aud all tho tinio the woman was hiding her tragedy under tho guiso of comedy. He could not forget Fawcett in wonder that Fawcott's wife had so soon forgotten. Her presence was a reminder froni which lie could not escape. Soon he bcgaii to dread the sight of her. Hizpah's heart sauk as sho noticed his fur tive, abashed looks. He could not meet her glance, and his avoidauco gave a shifty un certainty to his eyes, which her fears read a.l too clearly. She pat her terror aside, that sho might lure him from the threaten ing danger; bub her arts and beguiiements omy aggravated his restlessness. They spent the winter in flight from city to city, Mark pursued by memory and grow ing distrust of Hizpah, she flying from the terrors that every day gained upon her. Smco their'marriage lie had not touched a. brush, aud Hizpah had been glad to take him away from his work. But now she Saw that idleness was not good for liiin. Tho ceaseless moving kept life in a fer ment ; there was no rest for mind or body. " Let us go home," she coaxed. " I long to see London again. I am tired of being a bird of passage." She leaned her arm on his knee, and her eyes pleaded with lier voice. But Mark would not see tho tender faco lifted to his. Her words ungorod him. Hero was ho, striving to get away from the sceuo of his crime, and the woman lie bad laken to be with liim tempted him back into its shadow. Sho hud no heart. She pined for the life whoso threshold was stained by hor 1ms-. band's blood. He remembered that she had been glad to know that Fawcett was dead. Iler touch tainted him with lier infaniv. Ho shook off her arm, and jerked himself up from his chair. Tho studio at homo offered a refuge from Hizpah's disturbing presence. The ghosts that met him there would be less horrible than the smiles of tho woman who loved her husband's mur derer. "Yes, let us go home," he said eagerly. "I have idled too long. It is time 1 bean my work." Her eyes sparkled at the quick accents, flio gesture of decision. Ha only needed his work to rouse him, she lo'.d herself. He had missed its interest ami grown mor bid. Men were not like women ; luvu did nob satisfy tiicih. Hope soared in her heart. Work would give back the .Marl; of' the honeymoon. Sho would find lier lover again. She clapped her hands Willi a gay little laugh "We will go home to-morrow, Mail;. I can't imagine how I couid be happy so long nway from England. And you will begin your work at once. All I you must paint that great >ictttre again. I shall not be satisfied till my husband is famous. I have married a genius, and I want the world to know it." He laughed, and there was a bitter note in his laughter. "So you married me for ambition? This explains it, Mien ; why you risked tho dan ger—practically put your head into the same noose as mine. 1-To stopped incoherently. Tho light faded from-Hizpali's fuoc. At his strange words fear set its fangs ill her heart; but tho love remained in her eyes, and she smiled bravely. " My dear, 1 am a very ambitious woman. I want to be remembered as the wife of a great .painter." Mark turned bis fneo from her, and looked' through tlie window at the flaming crimson bars of tho sunset. He could not liieet lliz- X>ah's smile. IV. When the studio door set a barrier be tween himself and Ilizpah, Shirk became more tolerant of her. From the outset lie had forbidden her to come into the room; her presence would interfere with his work. With wistful eves sho watched the door close upon him. (She could not hear to be an outsider, having no share in his' real life; but she conquered regret with hoxic. His strange moods, the baffling glance, the sudden passions, would yield to the interest of his art. She could afford to miss llis working hours if those ho spent with her were free from dread. But every day ho gave her less and less of liis time. Ho stayed in the studio far into tho night ; and she saw him only at their silent meals. She had found out that quiet moods suited Mark best, and with in finite relief she had thrown aside tho mask of merriment it had been so hard to wear. It would havo been doubly hard to wear it now. Hizpah saddened, und her face aged as time went on and she saw tlmt Mark's love was dead, and that her love. Mint was stronger than death, was powerless to raise it again. She bore the knowledge meekly, with a noble patience. It was licr punishment for tho joy with which she had welcomed liar release from Faivectt. As the months imaged, Mark's faco grew thin, his eves lioliow, his maimer still more restless. Tho long hours in the studio told upon liim — thu eolitndo as well as the work. From lier place in the background Hizpah watched the signs of overstrain, noting each one only to reliovo it by somo unobtrusive housewifely art. Occasionally licr gentle ness lured Mark into a sombre recognition of her presence in the house; and lie would spend an hour in tho drawing-room listen ing to her music. At such times no ono coald havo guessed that the man loitering over liis pipe was flying from a pursuing re morse; that the woman tilling tlio room with melody was listening; to the crash of discords in lier life. In Mark's apx>earanco Hizpah saw enough to alarm her; but she knew nothing of tlio horror behind the studio door. Ho had no idle hours there : he painted as if the Furies were with him. Hiu work had never been so swift or so sure. Every stroke told. Tho inspiration of madness was oh liim. . All that ho touched was stamped with genius ; it was in each lino ho traced. But when tho picture was complete lie couid sco nothing but the grotesque horror that perched there. Care ful as ho might lie — desperately as lie might avoid it— -sooner or later the "hateful thing grew under his brush. ' Then suddenly it wonld dart out nt liim. and hold his gaze ; and, with the shriek of a bcust in tho jaws of a strong enemy, Murk would hurl the canvas from him and fall to the ground writhing and impotent. Ono day the honor, whirling swiftly an its pivot, seemed to stand still. Ilo could look at the thing and' see its outline. Ho j get up from liis chair and roamed about the I studio. Tho floor was sLrcwcd with can- j vases— a desert covered by tho bones of the j dead. In the window they were piled like , a cairn on the oak chest. Ho picked up one after another, examining them. He was so possessed by the dread that filled llis brain that when it met liim from the outside ha could not recognise it. " Fault I it is a delusion. The thing can't exist," he reassured himself. "It is Hie madness of overwork. I see shapes that are only imaginary. This work is good, ex cellent I I .might ask Stneey to look in. He would he able to tell me. Hut, no! I-Ic had that confounded notion, too. He said it ruined the other." Olio after tho other ho had lifted (ho can vases, and now tho chest stood bare. The carving on it, after the vivid realism of the paintings, was liko a calm after the frenzy. It caught his eye and led him back into the days before Fawcett bad crossed his life— thuse rare days when Ri/.pali had sat to him as a model. Tho memory of the girl ill whose face lio had seen the anguish of Ihc first Hizpah came again to him. It was that noble sadness that bad suggested the scheme he had ourved on the chest. Her strung patience had impressed him. lie dwelt on the memory until lie forgot the woman whose obtrusive cheerfulness hud estranged him.- "She was an excellent critic in tliose days ; I conld always trust her judgment," he said. "I might ask lier to como in. She would know if it was all imagination." The idea seized liim. "Yes, sho would know. I shall lie able to tell by her face when sho see3 them. It will he a certain test." In a fever of haste he began arrang ing the canvases around the room, till the four walls wero covered,- and easel anil. cur tain and frame stood laden. Ho stopped into the middle of the room and turned slowly round. As ho looked, the flush of excitement passed and left his faco stricken. Ho was iu a circle, hemmed in by tlie multiplied horror of his imagination. The thing was round him — everywhere, everywhere i Ho could not escape from it. It leaped out from imumierabio eyes on the walls, it sneered' at him from the easels, it mocked at him from the frames, it lurked iu the folds of thu curtains. There was no escape from it. His glance was a. inoth shrivelling in fire, dashing itself into the flame, that burnt and did not consume it. V. Mark's request that she should come to tho studio ut three o'clock struck a gloum of surpriso across tho darkness on Hizpah's faco. It was almost the first weird he had spoken to her for days. This invitation to the studio meant that he had only excluded her while he worked. Now that his pic ture wus finished he would take her buck into his life. The blood swung in her veins. The winter was over and gone. Tlio timo of tho singing of the birds bad eumc. Mark was too absorbed to notico hor face. Ho was not even conscious that she left liim after lunch while sbo put on a holiday dress. "It is a feast day," she said to herself, smiling; "I must take off my sackcloth. It is tho day of the Angel of Jpio." Wistfully joyous, as on . her marriage morning, she searched for a frock that would suit the springtime. Hut all her gowns were sombre. Sho hud not cured to trick herself out undor the shadow resting on their lives. Thcro wus nothing to match her mood but tho gown she had worn when sho married Mark. Blushing and breathless, sho hurried into it and went from lier room. Tlio shine of the satin made n soft light around her as she climbed the studio steps. Mark would bo waiting for her inside. . The door stood partly open; she pushed it wido and entered, but sho saw no one. Willi a gentle happiness sho looked around scckiiig for the picture of the Angel of Life. Then tho blood surged to her face, lier breath made u strange singing noise iu her throat She put out hor hands us if. to push something from her. Ah, no! Not' It was. too horrible I Fawcott's eyes niet her from overy part ' of tho' room. The place was full of Fawcett— and Fnwcett— and Fawcett. Sho could not get away from the. mocking eyes of tlio dead ilium Ho mocked lier dress! her bridal with Mark, Mark's all- scnco. It was useless to hide her face in the folds of her gown : tho pictures pressed' upon her, shutting her in alone with them, suffocating her. She gasped for breath, and tottered forward, but tho long train cling ing to her feet hindered her. To her excited fancy it seemed like a symbol of hor Mar riage with Mark. Then onmp tho stab of a keen-edged thought. She had farced her self on Mark; bEo .had oonfossed the glad ness with which she had regained hor free dom, nnd this was tho way he had chosen to bring her Bin homo to her. She wrung her bunds. Yes,' she had been heartless; but if she told Mark how Fawcett hud de ceived her, would, he not foxaiyo? She lifted her eyes, and tlw.y shrank buck from the face she saw. No, sho could not arraign tho dead. Faweeit had been her husband : sho must protect his name ; but She could not bear (his dreadful place. Trembling, she sprang to the door. Before she reached it she stumbled. Mark's anus caught her us she fell. His faco -was as white as liers. " Where arc you going? What havo you seen?" His voice was strange and hoarse. Sho cinng to him. "Tl- is Fawcett!" she subbed. " You should not have done it. Oh, Mark! Oh, Mark!" His fingers crushed her arm. " Fawcett? Where ?" " Here on the walls— the canvases — every where. Oh, how could you bo so cruel ?" Mark led her to the door, and put her gently outside. "I have nothing to db with Fawcett. You must Hot conic in to' disturb mo nguiu," he said quietly. "vir For three days Murk had not come out of tho studio.' Hizpuh wailed outside tho door iu an agony of dread, but she dared not force an entrance. She eottld hear him mov ing about, talking to himself us he worked ut. his picture. (She had never seen it, but Murk had answered her timid question as to its subject. He was xiuinting the " Angel of Death." It was alindst the only time he hnd spoken of his work since that scene in the studio four months before. He had passed those months alone, working all day and far into the night. Hizpah guarded the door of the studio, and guarded Mark's secret, so that no one suspected thu fears that held lier. But the strain wore her, until her' face matched Murk's in its hiiggardness. And yet tlio light in liis eyes when )iu came from the studio, tho exaltation that conquered his weakness, guvo her hoxic. His work satis fied liiin. His restless moods were over. He was liko u man sighting triumph. She shared his triumph in secret. When his x>ie- turo had won fame and success, the evil spirit would go out of liiui, and lio would come back to her. But for llireo days and three nights he hud been behind that looked door, und slie had sat on tho stairs in an agony of (lrcud. Tho wpod was liko u coflin lid hiding her dead from lier. But- she silenced her fears and quieted tlio beating of her heart. He would come out as soon as he had finished. The picture of Death would be the Angel of Life. It was very still in the studio. She had not heard u sound for hours. Sho leaned against thu door, her ear to the panel, but inside thu room all was silent. Trembling, she sank down again on the stair. lie must be asleep, resting after his long toil. Shu watched the eveniug light fade from the landing window. It reminded her of the sunset .she and Mark hud watched to gether tho day before their return to Eng land. It had been the sunset of her life — of joy, even of love. But she hud no regret for what sho had dene. She would have horno tlio pain and disillusion of her mar riage a hundred times over for Mark's take. And if - this picture wero a triumph, had she not helped towards it? Night crept round her coldly as she sat thcro seeing tho visiou of Mark's fame, feeling tho g'.oiv of the success she had bought for liim by the sacrifice of licr life. It was she that hnd given him back to Art. The liousu was very silent. By-aud-by tlio noises in tho street quietened down too. There was a great stillness in her heart. Sho woke startled. Two o'clock was strik ing from every tower and steeple. The hour boomed out on the darkness like a knell. She lifted herself, her cramped limbs hardly obeying her will. Midnight liekl the bind ing! except where Iho thread of light out lined the studio door. A sudden fear of the darkness and silence seized her. She sprang to the door. It yielded and fell back at her touch. The light flooding out caught her and drew her in to its life. Her liulf-dazcd eyes saw only (ho emptiness of iho studio, and tho wonder of the pioturo that faced lier. Blinded as sho was, sho saw its greatness ; tho Hushing xiower in it could not ho hidden. The puse of the Ai gel of Death, the strong, awful realism of' Ihe figure, Ihe stricken form nt its feet, lea; led to the rye and claimed instant rccogbiti an. Itizxiali stood in the doorway held and fa loi- nated. Mark had iudecd won immortality. Sho mndo a step forward. "Mark 1 Mark 1" sho cried, with a ringing triumph iu her voice. The hollow silence answered her. Ho was not here, then;' she would lb ok once at tho picture, and then fly to hiiij to share liis exultation. Softly sho stepjped nearer, the light on lier faco meeting :tho awful light on the angel's face. It draw her nearer, jiearcr, until it smote eyes and ' brow and lips; until the woman's faco changed, and was tho faco of the dead. She stood in the clutch of the intolerable thing, and its meaning froze brain and heart and seilsft. In tlio lightning stroke of Mark's gonius were revelation and accusation. ; It' scarcely needed thu two portraits, himself Death,' and Fawcett tho victim at his feet, to tell her that Mark had murdered Faw cett. ' She did not swooh or erv, but she stood smitten to death. At last, in strange, tingling, innumerable points of pain the blood shuddered forth from her heart, and life returning stabbed her anew. Swiftly came tho thought: the picture that would make the artist'B fame would mako the man jntanious. She stag gered back and tottered away to the win dow seat, where she fell on the carved chest. What could she do?. How was she to pre vent Mark from publishing his crime? The XiiCtnrc was a confession oi guilt. To reason with him would be useless. He would not give up his fame and infamy, his immor tality and death. Tlio picturo would bring linn 'uli. But what could sho do to prevent his giving it to tlio world? He would not listen, though sho entreated. She struck Iter clenched hand against the chest, and it fell nguittst a knife buried in the curving. She guvo a cry aud snatched it up nnd raised herself from the chest and stond a moment holding the knife, her eyes lifted, her air sacrificial and devoted. Then she stepped to tho canvas, Hot trembling, not faltering. From the place where he had fallen Mark's dying eyo caught the "lcani of hor upraised arm. The last sounds of lifo in his car . were the scream and shiver of the canvas - under a blade that slashed and cut and thrust through, insatiable. 