NEWS AND NOTES FOR LADIES. (L'Anuco.) The recent disastrous disturbances in China have aroused much interest in a re markable woman, the present Empress of Sh China. Very conflicting and contradictory res have been the statements made of her career, N, therefor much is left to specunltion as to her we past. One journal states that she was a pr slave and owes her lofty position to her ae wits ; another journal states that her father ye was a high officia of distinguished family; he one makes out she is a beauty ; another that she is very plain-looking. It is questionable, He however, even if a beauty, as considered by bo a celestial, if she would lay claim to good me looks, viewed through European eyes. The co, Empress of China is now past sixty and on probably her beauty is now historical, but ob one thing that cannot be disputed is her pr love of power, her insight, her courage, and her capacity for head-work, andher indirect H cruelty to the very foreigners she declared p that she would protect. The Empress being a Manchuriae, has never had her feet bonund be and is by no means typically Chinese in her on habit . One thing, she seems to be able to an qnualify for notoriety with Catherine de en edicis and Catherine the Great of Russia. th The Chinese structures that impress the th, oheerver most are the bridges, the pagodas, lM and the city walls. The arch-that beauti- ste ful structure from a scientific point-is b-- oc liemed to be of Roman origin, it was no. an known, or at least never used by the Greeks. for It is curious and g:atifying to read of nel some lucky woman to whom unexpected ces fortunes have come, in many cases the re- bh cipient has been absolutely poor. .One case aw if recorded of the wife of a Howick.fornace ian, who received an intimation that a cousin in London had been good enough to oft leave her the handsome sum of fifty thou- po sand pounds. The fact that an equal sum o had been left her brother did not render her e legacy less acceptable, her windfall bringing thi be: in about £2000 per annum. There is An another case of agirl being left by a maiden blI casut thirty thousand pounds. A singular Ac case is given of money received from a eer relative whom she had displeased. The in young lady had been adoted, but ran away to to live with a sister of her deceased mother. (to Her relative with whom she had lived was wil muceh annoyed at her leaving his home and wo declared he would never forgive hor. Shortly w: afterwards he went to America where he of embarked in basiness and amassed a con- boh siderable fortune. A letter was subsequently on Feceived announcing his death. The young ga lady never for one moment thinking that ho she was forgiven and would in any way e benefite by his death. Not long afterwards Er she received a letter from a firm oe'solicitors aw in New York with the astonishing news that he had left a will exclusively in her favor, and that she was to receive fifteen sa thousand pounds. An equally unexpected bu windfall was received by a Manchester girl, amounting to about eight thousand pounds. t She had been engaged to a wealthy suitor be who insisted in breaking off the engagement Ia and not explaining his motive for doing so. of He had been advised by his medical atten- lar dant to take the. step, as it was impcessib'e as for him to live more than twelve months. En The young lady not beirg aware of his mt critical state was naturally very indignant, I and urged by her relations commenced an action for breach of promise against the en young man. He, however, took seriously for ill, dying before the trial could take place. Ti His will was execunted abont the time the m engagement was broken off. But why have kept the young lady in the dark as to the cause that changed his mind with regard to ha their mariage seemed a mystery. pa There are a good many writers who wear e coronets, five being dachesses, whose names ab are known through the press, and no less me than three countesses who are clever pen C women. Lady Colin Campbell has for many is years been one of the most industrious of do the journalists of the day on a wide range i of snbjects interesting to her sex. Lady i Violet Gsevlle is equally busy with her foe pen, ontributint to the ournals and maga- e sins.. .-. Lady Coontuses toward is - re oo. b jised aunthority on etiquette and other na -h jectsfor women. Lady Jeune, the wife of ha the President of the Probate Court, rted the privileged friend of Royalty, contributes Cal to reviews andmagazines, and writes on all I social subjects. Lady Helen Craven is an authoress of much promise, though very young, and loves her pen better than iu society, being industrious and clever. se Amngst writers the Countess of Jersey w takes a very high place, who, in spite of her fo varied claims and works of charity, finds C time to write charming books for children, Li ooems and articles of travel. The all efarehioness of Dafferia and Ava is a talented society writer, and has literary is gifts almost as distinguished as her hus band. "Our Vice-Regal Life in India," m, and Canadian, are graphic and interesting. a The Countess of Aberdeen has written an interesting account of Canada. The gifted Countess of Warick is as skilfnl with' her tb pen as with a horse. Her "Life of Joseph he Arch " is clever and sympathetic writing. an The Duchess of Sntherland has literary 1' gifts, and has written a charming book of travel--"How I Spent My Twentieth Year." The Countess of Munster writes on ghosts, being a spiritualist. She writes s what are termed ghost stories and novels of a delightful kind. The Hon. Mrs. Arthur i Henniker is like her father, a clever writer. ?Mrs. Henniker has been President of the te Society of Women Journalists, and has A written four clever ndvels, and done also journalistic work. Mrs. Megnell, sister to h Lady Butler, is foremost among lady writers. She has written largely for the Saturday Reviec and the Pall Mall Guaoe.l t. She and her husband are both literary people, perhaps the most literary people in d En gland. r have just been reading a pleasing little article on '" The Woman Who Charms," and the truth of which cannotbe gainsaid. The writer says, "It is not necessary to be beautifulin order to be charming, in fact some of the most charming women of history b have been very plain looking. The charm ing woman is she who is sympathetic alike to rich and poor, young and old. She is a good listener, and always appears to seem t interested. Also a good conversationalist, but knows when to be silent. She changes t her mood and her conversation to suit people, but at the same time is perfectly natural. The habit of gushing shows insin cerity, and should be avoided. The charm i woman alona .nd.?naro to lkob her bet, both in pubtlc and private, and always dresses as well as her income will afford. She is never put nut by the unexpected visitor, asshe is always fit to be seen. All men single out the charming woman, pass ing by manyprettier and younger women, for them they find sympathy, as she in variably talks to them about themselves. It may be added, " Men should choose for wives only the women they should choose for friends." 