Bill's Fright [?] 'Stand Arm, Joe! Don't let blm trip I y»l' ' Down with him, Bill ! Lay bim Be , flat ae a pancake 1' In tbe stablcyard of 'a' email Eoglfsh village inn, towards tbe olnse of George j II 'a reign, a ring of admirlog ooontry men were vatiierAd ronnd two atordv yoong fellows who ? were having . s wrestling boot. One of tbe two bad, it eeemed, expressed some doubts of the etber'a courage, or bad, Bt least, uttered words wb lob tbe latter bad understood IntbateenBs; and tbe. inevitable Teaalt was a oballeDge from tbe aSrooted man ] to his lopiilter to 'try ?fail with blm on tbe spot.' , Tbe fall was Dote belog tried, wltb a great display of strength and skill on tbe part of both men, but with no dcolded result as yet. In tbe third oloBe, however. Bill Haofcett (who bad tbe reputation of being tbe strongest and most ebllfol wrestler In the village) brongbt Into play a trlok for whiob b« was famous, and poor Jon was 'sent (o London' — t.e, laid flat on ble bank— In tbe most approved English fasblon, amid a shoot of applause from tbe bystanders. But tbe fallen champion took bis defeat like a man, and rose from the ground neither angry nor asbamed. ' Tbou'rt best man, Ud,' said tie, heartily, as b»' held out ble hand to Ills couqoeror; 'and sow tbat It be all over, I'll tell 'ee that I ne'er ment to oall ye a coward— I be'ot slo' a fool as that. All I meant to say was (bat there, be things In tbe world 'ud try tby courage, same as tbey tries other folbsee. How would it be, now, If tbee was to meet a gbnot ?' ' If I did meet a ghost,' retorted Bill Hackett, defiantly, ' I'd serve blm as I server! theejust now, unless be knnwed raoreo' wrestlin' nor I did 1' ?' Well, sbat would be a maion worm seelo' — BUI wrestlin' wi' a ghost !' eald a dry old cobbler, wbo was tbe wit of tbe village, with a mnnkey-lffce grin. 'Send me word when- It's to oome oS, Bill, for I'd fain see bow ttaee'd go to wark to lay a ghost on bis baok — 'speolally as he's got ne'er g back to be laid on 1' Tbe general laughter tbat followed somewhat nettled Haokett, wbo, aB tbe acknowledged ohamplon of the village, felt his dignity touched by tbls mockery, and be cried aogrily — ' I fear neitber man nor spirit. Bod I'M prove It I Would any o' ye go and see the baker Bt twelve o'clock at night? Well, i win r A sudden and freezing silence followed tbls daring challenge, In the midst of whtob a passing waggoner, who bad baited to refresh himself and bis borses, was beard to usk, In a tone of Borpriee — ' Wbn be tbls baker, then ; and what be wrong wl' betbatonesboald be afeared to go to hl n at nlghl?' ? He's (lead,' answered the o-d man, in a ghostly whiBDer; 'but be doesn't rest quiet I' tbe grave !' A eympatbetlo shudder from hiB audi ence ebowed tbe eSect of bis gloomy words ; for, In tbosedayo, most men be lieved In gbostB as firmly bb in tbe Bible, and many quoted tbe Bible Itself in sapport of tbelr belief. ?' Tbee be a stranger io these partn, I tak' it,' resumed tbe old cob'iler, address ing tbe waggoner, or ' thee'd have beard o' tbe Baker of Benton. I mnnnot speak III o* tbe dead, so I's sav nooeht. but that be was a miser, aud loved ble money better tban biB own bouI ; and, therefore, bis spirit oanna be quiet, but must Deeds come back to (be gear tbat be left behind Dion upon tbe eartb ; for, as the Good Knob salth, ' where the treasure l«, tbere will tbe heart be also,'' 'Do be wtlk , then asked ? tbe waggoner, wltb undisguised Interest. ' Ab, tbat be do, I ne'er saw blm myael', bat my feytber did once, jlet afore King Jarge tbe First died — for It be al ways wben eome'at be goin' to happen tbat the spirit's most rampagioii.. I've heerd folk say (though I Be'er'.had a mind to try tbe trutb os't mysel') tbat if aoy man dare go !o tbe grave at twelve o'clook on a stormy night— sic' a night as we be golo' to have now — be'll see the eartb, move, and the figure of a tall, old man, wl' a wrinkled face, and a while cap on ble yeari, rise op and lean over tbe gravestone, as If 'twas tbe couoter of a shop, makln' as thongb be was welgbin1 out eome'at, and slngin' all tbe wblle-r 'Once [ weighed bread in tbe olear day light, Nov I wplgtt bones in the dead of nlgbt.' ' ' Weel, If that be on, there be no great differ 'twlxt ble olu trade and bis new 'un,' cried Bill Haokett, wltb a ooarBe laugh, ' for, I'll he eworn, be ground boms enough Into bis bread while be was aloive?' 'Bust thee, lad 1 1 said the old man. enlemnly ; 'It be'nt lucky to mak' mnok o' tbe dfesd, and tbe Baker of Benton is not one to be joked wltn, I oan tsll'ee, Long afore tbnu wbsI born, wben I was but a young cbap mysel', tbern oam' a man here tbat bad beard (ell o' money buried in tbe baker's grave, and nought lees would content blm but be mo o (must) to dig It np-^-tbat o' that) to dis turb tbe dead for noagbt but greed of gaiD.' Another sbudderran around tbe ileten^ Ing circle, aud even tbe boastful Hackett began to look somewhat grave, ' But 'twae little good he got by It,'' resumed tbe cobbler ! ' for, when be came nlgb the grave, there shone round about blm, all on a sodden, a pale, gboatly klod o' light, like to a half-quencbed fire ; and , then (lie eartb seemed to move onder neatb bim, and there spak' to blm a hollow, fearsome sort o' voio°, that said, \- Wbo be ibis tbat comes here to disturb - the dead ?' anri.wl' tbat, eome'at eeempd ? to strike bim, ae If tbeohoorob tower had fallen doon an ble yeBd i and donu be fell, senseless, and ne'er wbb ble own man again onto tbe day of bis death !' ' Merry, but tbat be a fearsome tale, gaSer !' cried fbe waggon rr, drawlne a lone breath as tbe story ended. ' I'll tell 'ee whBt, yooug Char/' added be, turning to the adventurous Bill, 'if tbee'll lak' my counsel, tbou'lt leave you baker alone ; or. if tbee must go BDd eee him, tak' dayllgbt along wl' tbee I' But Billy tbe Brave was not to he moved from bio purpose by any warning. Be felt that bis reputation, as tbe hero | and champion nt tbe village, was «lake(l i neon ttile adventure; and he stoutly declared tbat be bad made up hia m'nd In visit tbe grave of tbe formidable J ' Baker of Benioo.' and to do so (bat 1 very nlgb', oome wbat would. | ?!?; : | Our ponrageope Bill, however, was ; destined to learn— as a good many other , boasters bave learned before ana after ! bim— tbat It Ib one thing to langb At : ghostB and goblinB Id broad daylight, j in the midst of a circle of applauding ) admirers, and quite another thing to ap proach a spot wbioh tbey are supposed to baun't io tbe dead of night, and all alope, j As clgbt drew on, he would gladly bave given a month'* wages to be creditably clear of tbe wbole affair ; and wben be heard tbe stroke of balfrpast ' eleven boon) through tbe ghostly slleoce from tbe old Ivy-clad tower, which over? shadowed tbe dreaded spot wbltber be was bound, be felt very muoh ae a prisoner aenlepced to die tplgbt feel on bearing tbe boor of bis doom psal from : tbe prison olook overhead. However, tbere was no belp for it. It was now too late to draw baok ; and, summoning all bis oonrage, be strode forth into tbe darkness, flourishing bis : §tlok round bis bead, Bnd whistling loudly to keep up bis spirits, whiob osr tainly seemed to need It. glAnd well they mlgbt, for It wbb not at ail tbe kind of night whiob any super stitions man would bave oboBeo for taking a walk tbrougb a oborobyard in the full expectation of meeting a ghoet. The sky was black and threatening, and tbe alakly moon, straggling fitfully ever and anon through the gathering etorm Clouds, oast a pale aad ghostly gleam more aueartbly tban tbe blaokest dark neae. Tbe rising wind moaoed drearily In tbe distanoe, and far away along the northern horizon was beard every now and tban a low growl of thunder. All tbls did not by any means belp to keep up poor Bill Haokett's failing courage, fur he rememheredooly tno well that tbe old man bad said tbat It was jUBt upon stormy nights like IhlB tbat Ibe spectre of tbe dead miser was most certain to be met wltb. But bis strained nervee were soon to be tried more severely still, for scarcely wa- be half way to tbe cburobyard wlien tbe etorm burst with all its fury. The wind shrieked and bowled tbrougb tbe groan lug trees, whirling tbrougb tbe air not merely dnst and leaves, but twigs aud broken bougbs, tbe snapping and crash ing of wblch swelled tbe bldeoua uproar. Tne thunder roared and banged Inces santly, like tbe cannonade of a battle; and tbe blue glare ot the lightning ebowed to our dismayed bero (wbn now repented of hie rash audsrtaklog more bsartlly than ever) tbe dark aburob tower Blending gauntly out against tbe eky like a threaten ing giant. No rain fell bb yet, however, and Haokett, fighting bis way against tbe furious blast as best be might, reaobed and entered the churchyard, and ap proaobed tbe redoubtable baker's tomb, holding in bis band tbe clasp knlfs wblch be was to plant In tbe eartb of tbe grave as « sign tbat be bad really been tbere, Eta ( what was that ? Amid tbe utter darkneBB tbat followed an nnwontedly dazzling flash of lightning, a pate glow. like that of a balf-queoched fire— Just soob a light, In faot, as tbe old cobbler bad desorlbsd In bis grim legend — seemed to rise from the eartb just beside tbe dreaded grave I Bill's knees koooked together wltb frlgbt, and bis very beart seemed to stand still. As be stood like a statue, literally frozen wltb terror, a ebower of dust and gravel fell around him, as If forosd up violently from below, and a bollow, no earthly volce(wblob sounded sb If itoam ? from tbe very depths of tbe eartb) asked, hoarsely — ' Wbo be this tbat comes bete to dis turb tbe dead?' This crowning horror broke tbe spell at once. Answering the ghostly challenge wltb a yell wblcb any Blackfoot Indian migbt nave envied, poor Bill cle-red three or fonr tombstones at a Blngle bound, and darted away like a madman, bumping against headstones, trlpplog over grave mounds, and keeping time with a fresh soreecb to every leap tbat be made. Again and again be fell Bprawllug nn bis nose, but only to spring np again and dash forward as madly as ever, (III be ran bis bead wltb sucb violence against one of tbe poBts of the ohurohyard gate tbat be tell down stunned and senselesB. Now, It happened tbat tbe parlBb clergyman, whose bouse Btood just on tbe other Bide of tbe cburobyard, bad eat upi later tbaa usual over an Interest log book, and wbb just thinking of going to bed wbeu this miduigbt disturbance smote upon bin ear. Hastily armlog himself wltb a heavy stick, be ran out to see wbat was wrong. The storm was now dying away, and ail waa still ; but, instead of tbe frautiu eorearns tbat had so uiartled tbe good vicar, all th«t be heard, on entering tbe cburobyard, was some one wbo was loudly laughing. 'Who's tbat laughing tbere?' shouted be, aDgrlly, ' It's me, your revereuoe— Torn Bar low, tbe eexion,' answered a craoked, quavering voice, faint and tremulous with laugbter. ' Oh, law 1 1 haveb'i had eicb a laugh Bin' I don't know when 1' And tbe old fellow exploded Into another guffaw, so loud and hearty that the parson oould not belp laughing too, 'I'd just dune my suoper, your reverence,' explained old Tom, at lengtb, ' wben I mlsB'd my Bnuft box ; Bnd tblnkB I to mysel', - For a guinea, I man ha' dropped it io ysn grave as I've jus been dlggln',' so 1 takes my spade aod my lantern, and out I goeB to seek for II, ' I badn't but just got Into the grave, like, and began sorapln' about in tbe lonee eartb, wben I heard somebody oome stealin' across the oboorobyard. Thinks I, ' Yon cbap be'n't arter do good, comin' bere so quiet at this time o' nigbt; If be doan't mean body aoatohiu', or robbln' tbe oboorob, I'm a Frenchmao !' ' At slgbt of tbe sblne of my lantern be stops short, and then I knowed he mnn be np to some misobief ; so I halloaed out to sg wbo be was us corned line that to dlBturb tbe dead. The words were na well out o' my month, when be sets up a soreecb worse'u a stuck pig, aod away be flew as If tbere was a mad bull after bim. By tbe voloe, 'twas tbat braggin* yoong jaokaaapes, Bill Haokett i and I ba' glved be b good frlgbt onoy bow,' So be bad indeed ; and wben tbe story got abroad, poor BUI bad a very bard time of It, But It turned out well for blm In tbe end, for tbls misadventure com pletely cored bim of boastlogand thfnk Ipg too muob of himself, wbleb Is tbe beat tblng that can happen to ctoy man, 