THE SEEMON. THE DOCTRINE OF THE HOLY GHOST. By the Bev. A. J. CAMPBELL, D.D. "And Paul, having come to Ephesus, and finding Certain disciples there, said unto them, have ye .received the Holy Ghost? And tlicy said unto him, we have not so much" as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost."-Acts six., 1-2. There are few churchgoing people who nowadays could give the above answer to Paul's question about the Holy Ghost. We all assent to the article in our creed, "I believe in the Holy Ghost." But I am afraid that there are - few of ua who realise "how much we owe to His all-per vading and ever-active operations. And yet it is a subject which ought to interest us greatly. The world is full of those operations. The Bible is full of them. And it ought to lie deeply impressed upon our minds that the Holy Spirit is the Divine Being, who is in closest contact with our souls, and with whom we have at present most to do. We shall look at His works from four points of view-as they relate to -nature, to man, to Christ, and to the church. I.-IN DELATION TO NATURE. "In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth. And the earth was without form and void. And dark ness, was upon the face of the deep. And the Spirit of 43©d moved upon the face of the waters." And at each creative word of God He imparted the principle of life to plants and animals, and endowed it with its wonderful power of reproduction. By His Spirit also "God garnished the heavens,and formed the crooked serpent," i.e., the Milky Way-that golden coil which winds itself across the midnight sky. Now just think for a moment of the splendour of this fact, that the whole vast plenitude and power of life which ani mates the vegetable and animal worlds is ministered to them continually by the Divine Spirit! The origin of life is the freat puzzle of the day. When the fair owers which the earth had nursed so fondly have perished, how is that with spring there comes such a glorious resur rection of life, which dresses it again in its rich liveries of green and gold? Science cannot tell us. The Psalmist can-"Thou sendest forth Thy Spirit, and renewest the face of the earth." I know there are some men who refuse to accept that solution of the problem; some, too, who are trying to disprove the Spirit s prerogative in produc ing life by trying to produce it themselves. A German chemist, announced some years ago that after long labour he had suc ceeded in building up the structure of a cabbage. I suppose that it had the appear ance of a cabbage, and was superior. to it in this rcspect, that, having never lived, it could never wither or die. Whether it was edible or not I do not know. But I know this, that during all the time that he had been competing with God in the production of a cabbage the poor tfoman in the next street had raised thousands of them, without any labour, excel)t sowing and hoeing them. But then that poor woman had no science. She had only rakh in the good God, and believed that He would bless the sowing and growing of the 6eed. II.-IN RELATION TO MAN. . In his creation man was structurally o special product of Divine power; spiritually an emanation from the Divine existence. "And the Lord God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into bis nostrils the breath of life, and man bccame a living soul." "The Spirit of God hath made me, and the breath of the Almighty hath given me life." The breath of God is in the Spirit of God. And thus man was created at first as he is recreated anew iu Christ Jesus-"an habitation of God, through the Spirit." We should bear this in mind when we are told that this new creation does not restore man to his origi nal state, but places him in a different and unnatural state. It does no such thing. It gives him back the image of God, with the Spirit draUicg-et-thfl^fiatre of Lis bela®, touching the springs of thought, and sheaf ing light and love upon his heart. "'with the fall man lost that Divine in dwelling. But the Spirit still continued to uphold tliefname of nature, and to minister to its abundant life. And, although now forced to work from the outside, He still contimied to work and strive with men, showing them God's goodness in the boun ties of the earth and the glories of the sky; and, through theconscienee, He continued to plead with them for the good against the "evilrand forthe'right against the wrong. And when the Jewish Church was created the Spirit came down and dwelt at the heart of it under the symbol of fire, and brought gifts to men, and manifold help-to BezaTeel cunning skill for sacred work, to the 70 elders clear insight into cause and 60und judgment, and to Othniel, Samson, and other judges power and dar ing for the deliverance and defence of Israel. But beside these various works there were two ofincomparable worth and grandeur, which remain with us to this day -the psalms in which the church still pours out its joys and sorrows into the ear of, God, and the ,prophets whose Divine words still live among us, are still listened to, Be lieved, "and loved. Let men quarrel as they please over the human authorship of these inimitable compositions, we know their origin; of the psalms, "The Spirit of the Lord ep^ke by me, and His word was in my '.tongue''; .pf the prophets, "The pro phecy came not of ola time by the will of man, but "holy trien of God spake as they were pioved by the Holy Ghost." III.-IN RELATION TO CHRIST. This is a subject of extraordinary in terest, oh which, however, we must speak with caution; for we shall meet with some surprises. 1\. Among the writings of the prophets were certain pictorial representations of the coming Christ, srhich ys^e intended for purposes Of identification, .so .that when He came to Hia Own His own might recognise Him, i&d; deceive" Him. These Messianic pictures were, the work of thfe* Spirit. V .2o,Theny&lay; witUiBjna; w$io baa given" W second, iut*lin&F; new. «oudih6rifi. He is the .Lord from lj^Vefcitfri<i yet' He.iniiBt be born of >a. ^MBnYJie is" to:'be clothed with 1<fthe likfefieto'of iiHnful vflesh," and yetr'He must be without; ejpi -And. that;' sinless . hifuan info ui*io.n with I6b& or iurt Ito the^bsolfl te p^arooS on of ei ther. to accordance with the laws of our physical^ and moral natures Under the government of the Holy Ghost;. And if it be the fact, j as I believe it is, that during the whole period of. His humiliation He made no draft upon His own Divine resources, but de rived the light that was in Him. ana the power which He put forth from the Spirit, we can- understand how there might De a ? limit on the horizon of His -human know ledge-there might be some high matters which the Spirit did not bring within the | sphere of His mental illumination. | 4\. When the Spirit had raised up'this j last, best Temple, He came down upon it, j as He cams down upon the Tabernacle and the Temple of Solomon-not", however, under the manifestation of fire, but of a dove, and (as we are emphatically told) "it abode upon Him"-for what purpose and to; what effect we shall see immediately. The Epistle to the Hebrews shows us that "though He was a son, He learned obe dience to the Father by the things that he | suffered." The Gospels show us that as the Son of Man He also learned a lesson of obedience to the Spirit by the things that He did. They show us that every step He took, every word He spoke, every work He wrought, was taken, spoken, wrought under the direction-I had almost said the dicta tion-of the Holy Ghost. What was the first step He took after His baptism and- reception of the Holy Ghost? "Then was Jesus led of the Spirit,' or, as Mark puts it, "And immediately the Spirit driveth Him into-the wilderness to be tempted of the devil." What does that mean? Why such haste, such driving force of the dove- like Spirit? I think that we can understand it. There was a promise made by God long ago that the Seed of the Woman would bruise the head of the Ser pent, which Christ was now about to ful fil. Not, however, by His own Divine power, aB the devil tempted Him to do, but [by the Sword of the Spirit, which is the Word of God^-by three sayings which He quoted from that. Word. Then from the wilderness otkir Lord returned "in the power I of the Spirit" into Galilee. And from day to day His jjath was chosen and His foot steps ordered by that Heavenly Guide. In the Synagogue of Nazareth, when He stood up to read, He found the place where it is written, "The Spirit of -the Lord is upon Me, because He nath anointed Me to preach the Gospel unto the poor. This day is this Scripture fulfilled in your ears." That anointing of the Spirit was the war rant for all He said in "the way of preach ing." bo with His works-He ascribed them, at least the chiefest of them-to the Spirit. "If L by the Spirit of God, cast out devils, by whom do your children cast them out?" And in regard to His last great work of sacrifice for sin, we are certified of its ab solute perfection by the assurance that "He offered Himself, through the Eternal Spirit, without spot unto God." And though He was "put to death in the flesh. He was quickened by the Spirit, by which also He went and preached unto the spirits in prison." And, finally, after His resurrection, we find him "giving commandments, through the Holy Ghost, to the apostles whom He had chosen." And even after His ascension the letters which He sent to the seven churches, while His name stands on the front of them, bear the subscription of the Spirit at the close of them, "Let him that hath an ear to hear, hear what the Spirit saith unco the churches." Now I confess that when I followed out this track it was not without a certain feel ing of astonishment that I perceived how entirely dependent upon the guidance and subject to the control of the Holy Ghost our Lord was while He was on earth. It seemed a great mystery that in the Person of the God Alan there should be room, and need, "for the introduction of another Divine Person. 1 do not pretend to explain it. But these three things seem plain. First, if the indwelling of the Spirit be longs to man's original state (as I have as serted that it does), then Christ must share in it in order to His perfect manhood. Secondly, if His human nature had drawn its supports and spiritual sullies from His own Divine nature, then He would not, in all points, have been made like unto His brethren, and could not have been the com plete example He is to them now: for, al though He had lived their life, He would have lived it on a different plane, and under very different conditions. And, thirdly, the fact that the Spirit, whom we are required to receive and obey, got such welcome from Christ and such willing obe dience ought surely to have a very power ful effect upon u§. it gugllt tQ tU^rm of lli'ose Tears as to what will happen if we give Him entrance in to-our hearts, and to dispose us to commit ourselves with joyful unreserve to His guardianship and His loviug, gentle, yet strong, control. IV.-IN RELATION TO THE CHURCH. , Upon this subject I shall not dwell. I shall simply remind you of the two great lessons which our Lord gave in regard to it. The first of th^e lessons is contained in the. 14th, 15t}i^tod 16th chapters of St. John'6, Qospcl,, and is remarkable for cer tain unexpected features. It is remarkable, in the first place, for the light;in which Our Lord 6ets the work which"the Spirit was to do, and that which His apostles were to do with the Spirit's aid. "It is expedient that I should go away. For if I go not away the Spirit will not come." And His not coming, He says, would be worse for them and for the world than His own going away. For "he that believeth in Me, the works that I do shall he do also, ana greater works shall he do»" i.e.. works" in a higher sphere-not works in the flesh,* as mine have mainly been, but in the souls of men, by the power of the Holy Gliost»~ It is remarkable, next, for' the "way in which.jHe hands over to the Spirit the future" conduct of the church, unaccom panied -by any specific instructions. He lays down no sacerdotal system, and builds up no detailed organisation. He compiles no liturgies and no rubrics, and writes neither gospels nor epistles. Possibly the commandments He gave them after His re surrection contained directions on these matters. But we do not know what they were-we have seen, however, that these commandments were given through the, Holv Ghost, so it was left with Him, and it still'lies with Him, to see them duly carried out. .... .. I Once more, it is remarkable for tue en tire cnnfidcnce with which our Lord de volves upon the Spirit His high propheti cal office, and the large promises He males to His disciples concerning the work He is to do for tbera. "He will teach vou all things, ard curie vou into all truth. He wili bring nil things to your remembrance which I have" fcaid to you, and He will show you things to come. He will testify of Me. He will glorify Me." These were His functions- in the Church, and He has one for the worlds verv grand one "When He is come He will eotivinoe the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of iuojrment," in tliBt wonderful 3rd chapter of St. John, in which He puts before us the two great necessities of the Kingdom of God -- the two things that must be done, the otie by the Spirit und the other by Himself, in older to the setting up of that kingdom. "A man must be born again," and in or der to that - "The Son of- Man must be lifted up." Our Lord puts these two things together, and tsays that bothare necessary. But many doubt or deny this. The doc trine pf the Croes.jseems to them undeni able, and so they accept it. But the doc trine of the new birtli seems to them im possible, or if possible undesirable, tftid so they,refuse it. And jet there is no word Of Christ which ought to "bring us greater Joy. If you had been born a helpless cripple,. or like one of those hiaeous Cretins in the Val Louise, would you not wish to be born again-made whole and handsome. And is that heart of'yours of such excellent qualitV, so pure, so strong, so capable of loving truly, of act ing nobly, that it needs no change-no washing of regeneration, and renewing of the Holy Ghost? Don't say that this thing is outside your power, that you can not make yourself be Dorn again? Did our Lord not know that? Did He not provide for that? Was He not lifted up for that very end, that men might live no longer in sin-selfish, base, bad lives, forgetful of the God who made them, and of the Saviour who shed His blood to wash them from their sins, and bring them to God? Oh! if there are any among you who are holding the door of their hearts against the incoming of the Holy Ghost, I beseech them to remember that it is from that same blessed Being that they receive their daily life, with all that force of reason which makes life valuable, and of all those sweet affections which make life beautiful. And yet when this most gracious Being comes to .do His best work for tbem-to raise the fallen tabernacles of their hearts from their ruin, and make them anew they treat Him as if He were an enemy, or an alien, who cannot understand their na ture, who will spoil their lives of their gladness, and their manhood of its manli ness, and unfit them for doing the world's works, and enjoying the world's pleasures. Alas! for the blindness and the hardneBS of the hearts of men! . And now I have shown you how pre cious are the works and the gifts of the Holy Ghost, and how needful they are to your present and everlasting happiness. See then that ye grieve Him not; that ye resist Him not; that ye quench Him not. 