THE SERMON. FAITH IN GOD. By the Rev. JOHN WATSFOBD, of Kew. 'Wherefore sits, be of good cheer; far I believe God, that it shall be even as it was told pie." Acts .xxvii., 25. . & this chapter we have a deeply interest ing account of Paul's voyage and shipwreck when on his "way to appear before' Caesar at Rome. He and other prisoners were delivered to a centurion named Julius, of the Augustan band. They embarked in a ship of Adramyttium; but at Myva the centurion found a ship sailing for Italy, and he put the prisoners therein. The winds were contrary, and they had some difficulty in reaching the Fair Havens, a harbour in Crete. Here Paul warned them of danger in patting to sea; hut the warning was unheeded, the captain treat ing it probably with supreme contempt, and the centurion giving more heed to him than to what Paul said. A south wind blew softly, and they set sail. But soon they had to repent bitterly that they had not taken Paul's warning, for one of the tempests common in the Mediterranean came down upon' them in all its fury. Every thing possible was done for their safety; the ship was undefgirded, the sails were lowered, and part of the cargo thrown overboard. In verse 20 we are told of the sad plight in which they were. For neither sun nor stars appeared for many days, the tempest continued to rage, and all hope of their being raved was taker away. Then Paul 6tood. out and said; "Sits, ye should have hearkened unto me, and not have loosed from Crete, and to have gained this harm and loss. And now I exhort you to he of good cheer; for there shall be no loss of any roan's life among you, but of the ship. For there stood oy me this night the Angel of God, whose I am, and whom I serve, saying, 'Fear not, Paul; thou must be brought before Cossar; and, lo, God hath given thee all them that sail with thee.' Wherefore, sirs, be of good eheer, for I belidVe God, that it 'shall be even as it * wafc * 'told me." Here we notice, '* " ; """ Paul was sure that God had spoken to him. "Th<s Angel of God stood by me, saying, Tear not,"* &c.; This was not the ' first time God had spoken. He - was sure God -had spoken. He thoroughly understood what God had said. "Thou must be brought before Cffisar." Therefore he could not perish in that storm. "And, lo, God hath given .thee all them that sail with thee," so that he could confi dently say, "There shall be no loss of any man's life among you." Paul believed God, that it should be even as it was~told hitn. He believed it. would be, notwithstanding all the difficulties in the way, and theise were many-(1) There was the ship. The vessels of those days were bad at best, but this particular ship seems to havebee needed Bi ' ' ' Pi n&'* had;, pest-i^i sttSyof"' of niB drt w . for prayejy .1**1 imi 'C^'lf^elting -. . . s, >»J|i S^ajef^bUt it is not the time,to -pray; for *am now.-for the' wiadis ferine wind in thp yronj|:gj^r{^flnd Smm rp^riqft ... lieye Gottthat it Bhall be eysa,#s,. it>was <3)vt|»eise which meg tit the ^fei'5 atet.':- *or-"=: lieye Gol, that it sbajlbe ey^naa itwas^' m**.r " ..~ , 1 (4) Read again verse 20, and learn how imminent was the danger, and how hopeless (be case seemed to be. For many days up sun. no'stara had appeared. If one.of the. well-manned, thoroughly furnished vessels of oui own toy were ID a similar position, it would be considered a serious one, requir ing unusual care. But remember that these poor sailors had no compass-they had to steer by thertarc, and seeing none for many dayB they coatd have no idea where they then were. Beside the uncertainty: as to their whereabouts, no small tempest lay on them, and all hope of .their being [Saved was taken away. But Paul says in the face of all this, "I believe God that it I shall be wen as it was told me." f FAITH'S FOUNDATION'. I He so believed. 1. Because be knew that what. God. had promised He was also able to perform. There are no difficulties to G$d. Nothing is to'o hard for Him. If it had depended upon the wisdom and efforts of the sailors, Paul, with the others would have felt that .ail hope was gone. Bat God had said they should not perish, and what He had Baid.Paul believed He could fulfil. This, is where so many make mistakes; they look at the difficulties, and fed their own weak ness, and leave God $ut. We thank God for all the discoveries of science, and for cultured Christian scientists, who are ever revere&fc; and humble: but there is a scep tical science and a self-inflated intellectual ism that has entered the church, and has dared to lay unhallowed hands on God's word. And some poor, feeble folks listen to and are influenced by it. But Paul says, "I believe God that it shall be even as it was told me." And so we say to-day no matter how many unbelievers may say it is impossible, for He is the Almighty Lord of all, and all power belongs unto Him. 2\. Because he knew that He who had promised was faithful, and would do Jt. He is not a man that he should lie, neither the son of man that he should repent. Hath .He said, and shall He not do it? or hath He spoken, and shall he not make it good? Not a word of His shall fall to the ground. He cannot deny Himself. He ia the true, covenant-keeping God. None ever trusted in Him and was put to shame. 3\. Paul believed it would be as God had told him, because it had been so in the past. He had never failed, and he firmly believed He never would. Experience J worketh hope. David stood before Saul, saying, "Thy servant will go and fight with this Philistine." /Saul, looking down on the ruddy youth, said, "Thou art not ablt, to go against this Philistine, for thou art] but a youth, and he a man of .-war from his youth." David fEen told how when a1 lion and a bear had taken a Iamb out of the flock he had gone out after them and delivered it out of their mouth; and, said he, "The Lord that delivered me out ol the paw of the lion and out of the paw of the bear, He will deliver me out of the hand of this Philistine." Paul's faith wasi true faith. Where true faith is there will be right, appropriate feeling, and the right and prompt and earnest action. Noah was warned of God i of things not seen as yet, of the coming flood, and* he was moved with fear, the right, appropriate feeling, and he prepared the ark for the saving of his house-the right action. So with Pant in the case be fore us. He believed G9d, and be was (1) calm and unmoved while weather-beaten sailors and soldiers were trembling with fear; (2) lie was concerned about others. You will always find this, that where there is true faith there will be care for others. Paul chides them for not hearkening to him at Crete, but that is very brief, for he soon exhorts them to be of good cheer, and inspires life and hope as he tells of God's word and liia strong faith in it. (3). ,He did what he could, and guarded against every hindrance. Faith is not something that folds its arms, and idly waits, saying, God has said it, and it will be no matter what we do or may not do. No, no; faith will do what it can, and what God requires to be done, while at the same time trust ing G<*3 fully for what He aione can do and has promised to do. j There is a most important lesson taught us in verses 30-32. On the fourteenth nignt they judged they were nearing land, and they cast four anchors out of the stern, and watched for the day. At midnight the sailors, pretending that they were going to cast anchors out of the foreship, nad let dowrv the boat, and were about to. flee out of the ship. What a Wretched, cowardly act! How different from our own noble sailors! The last to leave the ship is genecjtSy the sailor. In the lists -of the i savSahow often the captain and sailors'; names are not there! Paul, seeing what thev were about to do, said to the cen»j turiSn, "Unless these abide in the ship ye cannot be saved." These are the men to manage the vessel. God expats us to do what we can, and if we do He will perform the rest that _we cannot do. But if we presume upon.His-goodness, and fail to do our duty, His promise will not be fulfilled. The soldiers very soon made short work of it by cutting the rope and letting: the boat fall off, and bo the cowardly sailors were obliged to remain on the vessel. ^ , , In the end it was as God had said, aad as i Paul believed it would be. On the morn ing of the fifteenth day land was in sight, ?and,' seeing a certain preek, with a shore, thev determined to run the ship in there. Loosing the rudder bands, and hoisting the* mainsail, they made toward the shore. But the ship ran aground on a bar, or sand bank, and the fore part stuck fast, and the hinder part was broken with the violence of the waves.. The soldiers, knowing well what the consequences would be if the pri soners escaped, advised* the- centurion to kill tbem all, but he, wishing to save Paul,' kept them from their purpose. What a blessing is a good man in a house, in a city, oh bpard of ship. Many say when a Chris tian inaji, aad especially a minister, comes on board a sbijv "Ah, we shall have a stormv passage, for we have a Jonah on board*." I tell you, instead of a Jonah, there is very, often a P?ul on boards una the lives o&aOgtvthe; fihip,are safe .tyecause be ia ithEm .. The .centurion commanded those who coiud sewiin "lo cast themselves: 1 ibtb the sea, a*nd :get to. iand, ?'and.tbe rekt;.sGme 6n boards, and son?e on broken; piecek of tbs So it ^me to Jpass . that t ney, fill ?e&ajie; d saffe to land, . I.; ? .^ god'swohdtoua t vl/God has spofcVn to us. HbvrskFjlHe hwd jsoL - How,<w?d,wh{?re has He.spoken? tn all Hte worki ahove, belpw. around vou But s&d.; indeed, -would still .fee our lot if G©d had not in some othjer way Spoken lifirt* fully to ua^Nb sun, ri& Hnoon, »o planet, no stwy enh ifiiswer what to me is the questio'ti qi^ti6ns, Whttt must I do to be aav.ed ? Thank God, He has thus fully spoken j» His-holy Book. This is God^s wefbd.-ftere Godspeflks:--"All Bctip ture is given by inspiration of God^^'Hoty men of old fetfcKe a« they -were movM t& tfoe Holy Ghost/' III Heb. i., I, we ,read, f<God, [apbken unto u&by; His Son," . ii., 3, i, "Ho* BOall we escape if Veoegtesfc so great salvation, which at the first beg?#*'" to be spoken by the Lord, and was con firmed unto us by those that heard Him." This takes in the whole Bible as God's word. 2\. We axs sure tfa^t God here speaks to us. I am not going at any length to dwell upon the evidences of the divine inspiration iof'the Bible, but let me refer to a few things. There is an old argument that is very {orciblc^ Someone speaks totfs in this Book. Who is it? It must be either bad men, good men, or God. . Did badmen write the Bible. No sane man can think that. Did good men? Yes, they were good men that.wrote.it. but they.say they were inspired by the Holy Ghost to write it. to meek God's word, and good men do not tell lies. They wrought micaeles and de livered prophecies -toprove that"they wrote and spoke as moved by "the Holy 6»irjt. We 'are, therefore, sure that God speaks to Us in this Book. Bead the Siook in a fair and candid spirit, and you will be compelled to say, Never book spake like thisr Book. Think of the influence of this Book*on the nations of the earth. Go where the Bible is, where it is best read and most loved, and then go where it is not, and you pas» from life to death, from light to darkness. Think"iaow valued this Book is in men's greatest trials and needs. When trouble comes, and men turn from earthly friends, saying, "Miserable comforters are ye all,' where do they go but to the blessed Book? When death is near, what book is most . valued? Sir Walter Scott, dying, said to his nephew, "Bring me the Book." "What book?" he asked. "There's only one bods," said the dying baronet. Only one book" for the dying-and for the living. This is of all books the first and best. "I am a man of one book," said John Wesley. There is one evidence of the inspiration of the Bible, or that God speaks to us here, that every true Christian has. "If any man will do His will," said Jesus, "he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself." You might as well try to convince the true Christian that he is not a living man as to convince him that he has not heard God speaking to him in this Book. We are sure that God has spoken, 3\. And we know what He says. Wc admit at once that there are things in the Bible that we cannot understand-"things hard to be understood," as Peter says- but the things that belong to our peace, the truths necessary to be known in order to our sal vation, are not among these hard things, but to everyone who carefully reads the Bible and seeks the light of the Holy Spirit are clear and plain. God "commands all men everywhere to repent." "Except ye repent ye shall all likewise perish." "Be lieve on^the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be" saved." "Through this man is preached unto you the forgiveness of sins." "Jesus Christ tasted death for every man." "Who His own self bare our sins in His own body on the tree." "He sdfiered for sins, the just for the unjust, that He might briug us to God." "If we confess our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all un righteousness." These and other words bearing on our present and eternal salva tion are written for our learning, and way faring men, yea, fools shall not err therein. 4\. Now, then, as God has spoken to us in His word, and we know what He says, let me ask, Do you believe God, that it shall be even as it is told you? Do not answer that questim lightly, and without thought. Honestly, carefully, prayerfully examine. Pray to the Holy Spirit to search and try you, and show you very clearly how you stand in relation to this. Do not carelessly pass it by, but be determined, by the help of God, to know the truth, although it humble you to the dust, and break you \- ' A PERSONAL APPEAL. You who are unconverted, God lias spoken to you. He says-"He that be lieveth not the Son shall not see life, but the wrath of God abideth on nim." "Not every one that saith unto Me, Loid, Lord, shall enter the kingdom of heaven, but he that doetb the will of My Father, which is in heaven." "Except ye repent ye shall all likewise perish." l)o you believe God? If you did, would you not be alarmed? Would you not at once fly from the wrath to come? Remember that if you do riot be lieve, yet what God has said will be. You may be careless and unconcerned; you may try to believe what men tell you of a larger hope; but as sure as God has spoken tnte word you will perish unless you repent. Put away your trifling; look at the matter seri ously and honestly, and seek the Lord* while He may be found; call upon Him while He is near. Penitent, seeking mercy, God speaks to you. He says-"Come unto Me, and I will give you rest." "Him that cometh unto Me I will in .no wise cast out." "He that be lieveth shall be savpd." "I will be merci ful to-your unrighteousness, your sine and your iniquities I will remember no more." Do you believe God: . Listen not to the suggestions of unbelief; cast away your doubts and fears, and trusting alone in Jesus say now, I believe, God, that it shall be even as it was told me. Believer, feeling your need of being cleansed from all sin, and filled with the spirit, God speaks to you, "Then jwill, I sprinkle clean water upon you, and ye shall be clean. . . . And I will put My Spirit within you." "If ye, being evil,, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your Father which is in heaven give the Holy Spirit to them that ask him?" "The blood of Jesus Christ cleanseth from all. sin." Do you believe God? You have believed for pardon and re newing; cannot you now believe for purity and the fulness of the Spirit, or beiug filled with the Spirit? Is not God able to do it? Is Be not true and faithful? Has He not in the past fulfilled His .promise? In spite of the great enenw, and unbelief, and self, . say just now, "iCelieve, God, that it shall be -even as it was* told me." Workers for God, He speaks to you-r "Ye shall receive power after that iha Holy Ghost is come upon you." "My word fibaJi not return unto Me void." "They tuft sow in tears shall reap in joy. He that goefch forth and weepeth, bearing precious shall doubtless come again with re joicing, bringing his sheaves with fcfifa. Do yon believe God.? Areyoa goingforti^ looking for results, confidently expecliau that ft* will be as God has said* ,AJw&3& in Maying and labouring for the coavei sion of the world, reroenober that G«d said, "Every valley shall be exalted, every mountain ana hill shall bpj' and the crooked shall be made _$)&. the rough places plain;'ana the Lord Bhall beTevealed, ttix> ehpU gee it together; far.ltfce ra'c fLord bath,spoken 