OR-. HER OWN MISTRESS. A LOVE ROMANCE. -CHAPTER IV. A TERRIBLE CHARGE. Mrs. Hartley looked, blankly: into the face of the servant, " What do you mean?" she faltered, brokenly, after a long: pause. " Who is dead ? What is the matter?" And onice. more the woman gasped forth the terrible story. A body-the body of a woman young and fair had been found in the.Hartley grounds, stone dead for hours. Who she was; and how, she came there, were mysteries as yet unsolved. Rapidly the servant related the awful dis covery. Mrs. Hartley's face became ghastly white. She sank into a seat and lifted one white;.jewel-starred hand with 'an imperious gesture. " Stop ! That is ienough-a whole, whole chapter of horrors. I will hear no more. Go and attend to- your duties. The woman obeyed in sullen silence, and when the door had closed behind her, Mrs. Hartly started to her feet and faced her daughter, white and trembling " What shall we do ?" wringing her white hands wildly, "and where in the world is your father that he does not come to me with the news, but leaves it to a servant to shatter my nerves with the awful tale? Ah ! there he is now, thank goodness! ,David," .as Hartley, pale and agitated, entered the room and sank helplessly into the nea'est seat, "for the love of heaven tell me what is wrong ? What has hap pened? Burton has been here with an awful.. tale, -to which I refused to listen." David Hartley shook his head slowly. SAda, it is true, all true," he re peated slowly. i "Come and see for yourself." He indicated the grounds without. She shrank back with a cry of terror. "No, oh, no! And yet perhaps 1 may be able to identify the body. If you think it advisable, David " He opened the door. - "I think that you had better come, and Blanche and Myra. also. .An ominous darkness gathered over his face 'as that name passed his lips. " People will think it strange if you do not show some.feeling." He had touched the right chord in that cold, worldly heart. She moved towards the door with swift footsteps, then halted and glanced back. "Where is that girl? Where is Myra? I have not seen her to-day, David," glancing swiftly into his pale face.. -tYou must send her away. WVe can endure no more, Blanche and 1. And now Hector has shown an interest in her. Be saw her last night" David Hartley's face darkened vis ibly. He went over to the window and glanced out in search of the offender, but Myra was not there. 'He turned away. And so the trio got out into the grounds. together out to an unused building where, upon a long table, something was lying still oh, so still ! A group of pale, awe-stricken people.were gathered round; they fell back in respectful silence as the master of the house entered, with the two shrinking, trembling women in his wake. "Sims ?" "Yes, sir," The gardener stepped swiftly for ward.. "Mrs. Hartley and Miss Blanche will look at the body.. Have you, or has anybody identified the body, Sims?" Sims bowed his head deferentially, and said : "Yes, sir." He turned down the white sheet which covered the rigid face, and Mrs. Hartley and her daughter glanced fearfully towards it A fair, childish little face, with half-open blue eyes, a pretty face framed in by yellow hair, with a babyish mouth, the white lips drawn back in a ghastly line from the pearly teeth. 'Mrs. Hartley recoiled with a stifled shriek. a "Enid ?" she panted wildly. "Oh, Blanche, don't you see? It is Enid Raynor. Poor little Enid who used to sew for us. She lived in Myrtle Cottage with her old father., Oh, how did this happen ?" She turned about and confronted the gardener, standing near, pale and still. Sims bowed his head with a grim expression settling upon his " Let them answer that as knows, ma'am, e returned bitterly. " Some of them fine chaps that was here last night can tell you all about it." "'What do you mean ?" she de manded in a husky whisper. "Sims, if you know or suspect anything come up to the house at once and tell me all. I demand it." TJhere was a silence for a brief space, and then Sims said : "I'll be thers in five minutes." Mirs. Hartley moved anay, followed closely by Blanche. Once within the house, back in the breakiast-room, Mrs Hartley grew strangely calm. It was a; though a sudden silence had conie upon her life. She sent Blanche awa)y, and seated herself to await the gardener's arrival. She had not long to wait. A rap at the door, and a moment later the gardener stood before her. She glanced up with terror-filled eyes and said: "Well ?" The word dropped swiftly from her lips. Sireis shuffled his feet ver uneasilvy ' If you please, ma am, itdo sound bad for a servant to tell tales onu .a gentleman as-has been a-callin' here; but thlie trifth is the :truth. I think I've done right, and I:ivas' afeared to tell master. And- : . He hesitated a moment, -and then drew from a capacious pocket some thing wrapped up in a piece of, news paper With hands that had tremibled in'spite of him, he unrolled the 'paper. aid.something tell upon the carpet at his feet. He stooped and picked it. up gingerly, half-fearfully handling tihe thing, with a lookof.hot ror and 'aver sion upon his face. It was a pocket. handkerchief, a gentlcitai's hanedker chief of fine cambric with an elabor.te monogram'in one corner hafdly; dtis 'tiiguieheblt now,- hot:uweer,.or-tha whole handkerchief wai?saturaeid with blood. "'l'were found a-layin' under the body, ma'arn," he ýxplhined so'enniy. "You'll see there is a monogranm in the corner." Mrs. Hartley's eyes glanced at the dainty embroidery, an;d tell back with a low.groan. . Could,. it he possible ? had she jumped too swiftly to a con clusion? For she recognised the. monogram. She had seen it before upon note- paper and other personal effects of its owner. Theen.btoidered initials were "C. O'S '" " Sims "-she lifted her frightened eyes to the gardener's troubled face "do you know or have you any idea who was the owner of this handker chief ? Do s ou know anything .of this unfortunate occurrence ?" Sims looked grave. " If you please ma'am, I don't like to tell what little I know -about it; the law won't listen to what I suspect.. But Enid was allers a flirty little thing-no harm in her,. though and there's lots o' gentlemen as used to pay her compliments, and seemed to be in love 3with her All I've got to say is this . I've been knowin' to the gal's being friends with some o' the fine gentlemen, and I've told her ntany's the time that she was' windin' a bad thread for herself. But, ma'am, when a woman is once sot in her own way and detarmined upon a certain couise 'specially if there's a man in the case there isn't no way o' stoopin! her ! She'll take no advile. And last night 1 seen her in the grounds these here very grounds-with a gentleman the owner o' this handkeriher, I.o doubt. They was walkin' amiong the trees to gether, and then went, doivrn tothe fur end o' the grounds in con;panyu,. That's the last 1 saw o'.tel;s? 'rtia'anim,`unilt? layin' on her lai:e inf the grass,?; aid ihe blood a-standin' in a great purple pool all rouud her, and she stone. dead. Heaven rest her soul i" Mrs. Hartley was much moved.,and then said ; " What is .to be done ? have any steps been taken, Simns, to- 't_ '" "' Arrest hiin ? Yes, ma'am,. If you please, I didn't want to tell you- afore, and -master, he don't know. a word o' it yet." but I thought youi all Iould blame me if .I didn't give the alarm, and so I spoke to the officewhd came over front the city. - :ieR went- back quickly, ma'ani, and he had good luck in taking the party,' and Mr.' Charlie O'Shea wvas arrested for -the nmur der! " - "What ?" There was a ivild cry, and the sound of flying footsteps,, and *at the open window stood Myra,'? pale and wild eyed; with a look upon her face Mrs. Hartley never forgot. "What do you mean ? she gasped, brokenly. '"'Charlie- Mr . O'Shea arrested for murder of that giri You must be mad : : " The law will attend to allt th~at," observed Mrs. Hartleyiiffrving to be calm. " It is fal(,s- Itis f~alse !" moaned Myra; wringing' her hands in mad des pair Chliarlie 0'Shea is the truest, noblest man in tne world !'Aunt Ada, he shall be saved, if it lies within human power !" Great consternation reigned through out the city when the awful news was told. Down in the Darlintghurst prison, Charlie O'Shea-pale and quiet-sat, waiting lor what was to come. Many of his triends visited him in his lonely cell, and spoke words of kindly friend ship and good cheer. His eyes danced a little with the old light, for he was lull of hope, as he was conscious of his Myra moved about the house like a ghost. She had evidently made up her mind to keep her own counsel, so she said little cotcerningChariieO'Shca and the crine with which he was charged. Blanche watched her with sinister eyes. If ever a wcmen hated another, Blanche -lHartley ihated her cousin, and never lost an opportunity to stab her to the heart with bitter words. So time slipped by, and the day a.~ppointed for the trial was at hand Then came the scene in the court house. An inllllnense crowd, of cour-se. itver before had the oflicials witnessed such a scene. Like a marble imaiae Myra HIartlc sat in a retired corner, out o t Isge ot curious observers, and the trial com mer.nced. it was not going to be a lengthy one, after all, for the itniesses weret ifew. Old S:ms testilied to finding the budy at seven o'clock the mnorning alter the ball at St. Eliio. T'he haid kerchief bearing Charhlie O'Shea's wcll known monogram was brought inlto court and indmntified by the prisoner himself. \- But Charlie O'Shea persisted in denying any acquaintance whatever with the dead girl; Enid Raynor was a stranger to him, he declared. But circuitstantial evidence was piled up mountain-high, and circumstantial evi dence has consigned men to the gallows before now. And then. just at the moment when the case looked blackest for the pri soner a slender. black robed figure a drooping, trembling little figure stepped timidly into the witness box Like one in a dream, Charlie O'Shea sat with his eyes riveted upon the childish face, white as driven snow, and the gold-brown eyes so full of pathos. They lifted tlhesi'seives with a fearless earnest-. ikss, which somehow-carried conviction ,with it, to the grave face of the judge, and thien sivept beseechingl', over the twelve liien who held Charlte O'Shea's life in their hands. . . -* ?. if you please Sir--'" The sweet voice tretmbled so that it was scaicely audible. Then. she caught a glimpse of a haughty,: beautiful face in the midst of a group of the prisoner's frierds--the proud, dainty face of the wpnman who had a'ready been pointed out to lihce as. Isabel Varian,-and at sight of that face with its calm, surprised cxpremin M.t)ra Hartley.voiee. grew firm and clear. -' If lui please, sir," she repeated, it could not have been Mr. -.Charlie O'Slita who did the awluL_ deed Svn.if he were so bad-and I :know that it is not possible, because the inquest and the tiial both prove that the murder was commited at about midnight. And I was with Mr. O'Shea myself at that hour, sir, and until after one o'clock." An awful, bmilious silence settled down over the court- room. She stood still as the dead, and knew that she had rung her own death- knell. Such a confession would sound bad, and she, innocent and good as she was, knew that it would be so. A itiii mur ran through the court room-a low mt rnmur which was quickly subdued, as the judge, with a look of intense surprise flashing -over his calin, imiuassive features, turned to the white faced, tremblinig girl. "Do you comprehend -are you fully aware of the importance of what you are sa)ing, Miss Hartley ?" tie asked, a little huskiness creeping into hiis judical voice, in spite of himself - Myra bowed her head for ani instant, then up it rose again with a haughty little gesture. '1 undemstand, sir; I think' Iftilly realise what I am saying. I an upon my oath, your hlonour: -The judge bit his sty rn lip to sup press a smile which was about to creep into existence there. " Are _ you aware," he continued, calmly, .iis eye still fixed upon her white, lily. face, ' that ift he prisoner can prove an alibi he will be exonerated set free ? You know the meaning- of the wod alibi ?" - It ]was Mi) ra's turn to smile now. 1;do, your. honour. alibi means elseivwhere, and if it. tan be prdved teund doubt thati Charlie-Mr. O'Shea-was elsewhere at the time the awful deed was committed, lie will be exonerated. But suppose he, being guiltless.all the time, should be unable to prove an alibi, it would be a horrible injustice: to. punish him ! \Why, sir, if hlie were to be condutnned to-to the gallowvs"-stopping short to choke down the lump in her throat which. impeded her utterance-" it would-:be legalised murder !'s . .There. was a faint though speedily suppriessed 'burst of applause from: the utrther corner of ,the crowded :court room. 'Th'le judge tried hard to look unconcerned, but somehow.. made a famlmeof it. '' And' do' you realise, imyr child." said the judge, slowly, " that :by: your conlcession 'ou are compromising your self.by=" -Charlie O'Shea' started, pallid and trembling.-, " Your honour,.I beg your pardon, but I must speak. This is terrible ! Do as you 'please with me, but, for Hieaven's sake, keep this young lady's name.out of discussion. 1 would rather be executed fora crime that I never committed than have her suffer in any way through me." The judge motioned the prisoner to be seated, and Charlie sank back with a suppressed groan. His honour turned once more to Myra. "You understand me ?" he asked. The drooping golden head uplifted itself once more. " I suppose I do," she faltered, brokenly " but you see, sir, I am only telling the truth, and there is nothing to be ashamed of. 1 was not expected to appear at the ball atSt. Elmo, Uncle Hartley's, for-for- my lather hIasnot long been dead, and I do not care for gaiety in any way; but Aunt Ada- Mrs Hartleyt-said that I might go into thie grounds to see the illumnation: So; abciit elevei o'clock -no, it was fifteen minutes past eleven, I remember, for I glanced at the clock upon the stairs as I came down-I went out into the grounds, and wandered away to where there were no lthghts, but the moon was shining brightly. I seated imyself upon a rustic seat which siai:ds under the big oak tree, and I had not long been there when Mr. Charlie O':bca came along. It might have been twenty minutes to twelve or there abouts when hlie came. He seemcd pleased to see me. VWe had meet before down at my old home in Parra smatta; so he sat down, and we talked and talked. Tlime went by, anid we did not niotice li;ow late it was utill we heard the cluck in the stable-sard in the distance strike one. Mr. O'Shea looked at his a chl in the mootlight, anid it was just five minutes past one. I starred up, quite frightened, i.r I knew that Aunt lHanley would be aigrf with me if she kInew that I had eimiained so long in the grounds talking withli Mr. O'Shea. So I bade him good-night, but he insisted upon walking up to tie house with me. I am glad now that he did, because I can prove that hlie went stmaight into the drating room, while I hurried upstairs. My cousin, '?tIiMs Blanche Hartley, was In the- hail and saw me go up the stairs, and there are' doubtless a dozen people. shoii can testify that Mr. O'Shea 'thiered ,the. drawing-room at about the same tinme. As fcr compromising myself in aily way, your honour, 1 alll . innocent oi any intentional harm. I have only told the truth. 1 did nothing- wrong only in my disobedience of Aunt Hartley, for .he did not s isli'nie to mix wi h her guests. TnIat is all I have to say, sir. Please may I gq now ?" . :'lhe judge nodded icqliescence, tie jufyinrmi glanced ,into seach other's laces, the prisoner dreiw'a long breath of relief, .it was-all over-all over. SAll tile hope iand the fear, ald the -ll t. ie ,.?p, r dl pain aiid the awful a lguish? 'f liailenle '.' Cliarlie O Shea was a free imanl, and' MIyra H.atiley'had mlde lili so. T'ei hbrief fioriiiaities :wiere ended,' : arind ChGarlie liit t'he prisoners box. He stepped into the court-room , xonerated -cleared from the awful cha'ge. Once there'he was surrounded and con gratulated by his friends With eager delight,'-.ana giceted by ihis brother, 't'ristam?n -ithi? 'tl sive-;affection - :But Charlie nmade his way. straiglht through the crowd, looking nieitherto the right nor lelt. .' Where is Myra Miss . Hatley ?" he asked eagerly. "1. must see her -and--and thank her I God bless her noble heart I she has saved my life 1" But there is no trace of Myia to be found. She had vanished from the court-house, and: 'as far as Charlie O'Sthea could : discover; she had-dis appeared as though the earth had opened'and swallowed her up. When Myra left the witness-box and made: her way -through "the gaping crowd, she hastened to. where the Hartley's were' sittihg 'in' state. Sne expected to be received .with silent re buke, to put itself into words when homne was reached. But she was not prepared for the frigid glare of silent contempt :with which her aunt and cousin- mret her. Not a word or. sign that they sympathised with her un pleasant predicanient; :only a swift, cold, freezing glance, and the pale, scornful, faces were speedily averted. Myra's heart bounded with angry're sentlnent. It was unjust, it was cruel; it was~ orrible'for themn to treat her thus ill the presence of that gaping, curious crowd. She crept.to David Hartley s side, and venturea to lay her hand upon his arm. .. '! Uncle David" in a low, faltering voice "I' wish to-- -" '"H-ush l How dare you attempt any excuses for your unpardonable con duct ? Go home: go back to my house at once. You will find the phaeton outside; Brand will drive you home. Get out of my sight before I do some thing in public which I may re gret." " Uncle David, I will speak. I have done: nothing wrong.'. I have only told the trutn. W\ould you have allowed Mr O'Shea to die for aunuther's crime ? ' David Hartiey shrugged his shoul ders. '- It is none of nly business and it should be none of yours. A woman's first duty. is to heiself, to keep her asn namle -pure and untarnished. Tilere' niay- have been no real harm in your tete a-teieivith Mr. O'Shea, but it' wisa uriconvrntional and not ti:e cus tam i in civlnised society for, a young lady to i iduilgs in con?versation. with -a )oung manI ini the grounds so late at ngight."' SBuit Uiicle David, Blanche was walkilig with Mr Caliile' alone: in the garden 1or liturs, yet you and Aunt Ada seem to think thlat all right. And anyway I couiild not stand idly by and see. an innocent: mant condemned to deathl or 'to' alife-long inmprisonment, whicll' is' even worse than death, when I knews that he' was not guilty. I couldinot and'would not !" "Are you going to obey rme ? Go at once; the carriage is waiting. Your aunt and cousin ivill drive with me in the victoria I will attend to your case later on." Myra needed no urging. She had but one desire, that was to get away Ironl the court-room, from the crowd and its staring eyes fixed upon her as thoughi trying to read her thoughts. What had shc done that was so strange and monstrous ? Met ely told the truti; saved an Innocent man froml anl ignominious death, or a death in life imltrisonmenlct. Her heart thrilled ildity at thle thought ot his escape. She passed thiough tile open door of the old court-house and out into the :ress air, a glad feeling in hier heait that she had been instiumental in hi-s chkase. Shie luntd the pihaeton with Br.ulll ill attuendance, aniid was soon u ot o town anid back at St Elhto. R t a b.l?.t~ t . r ,ugl h tile g;rou ps w h ich rtssred about ntm, Charlie O'Shea ,.dic his way. pausing only to thlank tle klndly sy~)lnl.Lathiscis, yet eehlng all it e time that witli all their s inlpathy a.d good will not one of thern would hI;.ve done lor himn what the young gill had done two hours before. " \Vheie ts she ?" he muttered, as lihe ut tihe coult house and glanced up ttec strieet. And then his eye fell upon a car 1:age, the laminly victoria of MIr D)avid l.iitley. \W ti hurried footsteps he reached its side Mrs Hartley and Bliltnile were already.seated, and upon I.e Iront seat Mr Hartley and Ti'istranm O'Snea. Citarlie fell back involun ta:i y, then sudd6nly advanced. • 'hr Haitley," with a little tremor in iis solce as he held out lhis anoa SI \si.-h to thank your nliece for her I lle deed to-day. May I specak with To aE CONTINUED. Jigle: "De Cousey Smythe boasts .lit iie catn traee his aucestry back 0 iit, Vinitle: " Well, the Norinlasia are Ieadi, ad ttey won't mind." 