THE WIZARD 0E WHITE CLIFFS.- L__ . . Copyright. a WEIRD STORY OF THE DISCOVERY OF THE HESTRHLIHN ©PHL FIELDS. ; AN AUSTRALIAN NOVEL. 1 BY CAPTAIN LACIE. PART XIII. There was soipething diabolic in the attack of missiles and rocks, which almost unnerved the men. Thehuge projectiles were being hurled by upseen hands, abd that aroused the 'superstitious fears of the party. Had it not been for 'the example of. Allan Fitzgerald it is certain his. followers would have retreated. The huge Irishman, though strangely super stitious in many respects, wascool and self- possessed in the face of physical danger, and he quickly realised that in the- present instance it was human foes he had to deal with. ' His keen -eyes also detected thai the stones were being rolled from one point through the intervening scrub. . There was a sorb of eyre about one hundred and fifty feet above them, and the wizard concluded that this was the stronghold of the strange foe. To this point he directed attention, and dividing his followers, called upon' Captain Barrass and his men to approach the spot. The six men thus formed a semi circle, and despite- the shower of stones, managed to close in on the almost inaccessible spot which Fitz gerald concluded was the base of operations. Within twenty minutes from the start the bushmen stood on a small ledge of rock facing a curious formation against the back wall. There was-no need to speculate on how it was formed, for a wild, gaunt, uncouth being, scarcely human in appearaace, stood at the low entrance of a rudely-formed, stone hut, gesticu lating fiercely and brandishing an old battered musket menacingly. 'Great heavens! that cannot be Sutcliffe ?' exclaimed the captain. .' Sutcliffe ? 'Tis nothing like him. Shure this misfortunit divil is three inches taller. 'Tis some poor mad man, glory be to God, an' we can't lave him here,' replied Fitzgerald. This opinion was quickly formed by the whole party, and arrangements were made to secure the maniac. Each of the .men tried in. turn 'to sooth the wild outcast, but their efforts were in vain. A length a simultaneous rush was made, and the unfortunate wretch overpowered. In the rough stone structure were found skins of wild animals and a quantity of uncooked wallaby meat. There was not the slightest sign that a fire had ever been' kindled in the place, and, in fact, there never had been. When the strangely-found outcast — who so far had not spoken — found that he was being kindly treated, he ceased struggling. One of the party gave him a piece of tobacco, which was greedily seized, and soon the hermit of the peak became tractable enough. , It might be here mentioned that the person thus strangely discovered was an escapee from St. Helena penal establishment, and had been at large more than four years. His name was Edward Parsons, and when Barrass's< party gave him up to the Government the influence of the captain was sufficient to get him a free pardon. His solitary life and sufferings, how ever, had impaired his mind so much that thereafter he became an inmate of a benevolent institution in Brisbane. A short discussion was now held as to the course to be taken. It seemed clear enough that the white man they had found was the one spoken of by the blacks, but at length it was decided to spend another day search ing the district where the supposed smoke could be seen. That was the spot "where Queloo said the object of the quest was. This being decided on, Fitzgerald and young Barrass took the prisoner between them, with the captain in front and the others behind, and the descent was easily enough made. When the foot of the peak was reached, ttie leader having carefully taken his bearings, headed towards the spot where the smoke had been noted. It was a task almost beyond their powers to press through, for in places the jungle was actually im passable, and detours had to be made to get round. At last a stream larger than any yet met at the peak was reached, and | being fordable in places, advantage was taken t)f it' to go southwards whither it led. They had not pro ceeded far when a dull sound smote their ears; and they stopped to listen. Hitherto the rustling of the scrub and the breaking'away of the jungle had prevented them hearing much beyond the. immedjate vicinity, but in the water it was different. . ' That is the sound of falling water, lads. It is the place told us by Queloo where the white man is, and over there the fire must be of. which we saw the smoke,' whispered Captain Barrass, as he listened with beaming face. At last they were on the verge of second'discovery, they thought. That the captain was right there could be little doubt — that is, so far as the cause of the sound was con cerned. As they slowfy forded downwards it became certain that a cataract wa6 not far ahead, and probably it was in the stream they were following. Two hundred yards more and that fact was also proved, for a turn in the rivulet brought them within view of the falls themselves, and very pretty they were.' A sheet of water quite thirty feet broad and about five feet in depth tumbled over a ledge of rock- into .a basin more than twenty , feet below. The mists rising from if formed ever varying hues of rainbow colours, but the beauty of. the scene hadno charm for the men. All they saw was the spot mentioned by Queloo as the locate of the mysterious white man, supposed to be Abel Sutcliffe, killed two years previously. It was Christmas Eve when this was sighted, but none ofthe bushmen gave a thought to anvthing save their immediate, surroundings. From the point they were at no sign of a native camp could be seen, but that was of little consequence, as a thousand men might be concealed within half a mile of them without attracting attention. Wadin| out of the stream they labourously cut through the jungle, and at last, within half an hour, they came abrea'st of the beautiful falls. The sun sinking in the western heavens was piercing the mist with a thousand slanting beams,- and the sight was so truly magnificent that for a few minutes it entranced the searchers, and Captain Barrass ex claimed that, he had never seen a finer spectacle during his world-wide travels. The -fascination was quicklyi dispelled, however, and all set about the real object of the expedition. There was nothing in .the : vicinity to denote that a native, camp was near, but after a hasty survey it was surmised that further down in the valley would be found , the much- desired spot. In fact, the jungle around the falls was too dense to permit a comfortable camp 'to be formed by either blacks or whites, and that was so, plain that no sense of disappointment was experienced by any of the party at the failure. Some of the men had probably expected to see the white stranger standing beside the cataract waiting for them, but a glance round showed tbe foolishness of the expectation. ' We must be cautious now, boys, an' maybe that queer fellow will ate his tay wid us this night. Come along,' said Fitzgerald, as be led the way below the falls towards a point in' the valley which appeared to be com paratively free from jungle. ' We've lost sight of the smoke,' remarked young Barrass to his father and the Irishman as they went slowly down. ' We'll come across it again. Don't be too anxious, my boy,' returned the captain, who was really the most' anxious of the party. ' I believe it was the mist from the falls, and not smoke at all, we saw, persisted young Barrass. ' ' Eh ? Yes, perhaps you are right, Charley, but that doesn't make much' difference. On a blazing hot day like this we needn't expect to find many fires. It's the man we want to find and not the fire— the reality and not the shadow,' , .philosophically answered the father. 'Mother will have a big fire at Dolan to-day. This is Christmas Eve, father, and they'll be cooking all sorts of good things,' grumbled Charley, as" the pang of hunger afflicted him. ' Lord bless me, so it is ! Well, well ! I say, Allan, this is Christinas Eve, and only once before did I ever spend it on such short rations. That was during the siege of ' 'Ye'll be frightening thim away, captin, if ye talk so loud,' roughly interrupted Allan, cutting short the military man's reflections. In this way they proceeded for .more than half a mile until the clearer- portion of the valley was reached, but not a vestige of human habitation could they see. To make matters worse night was falling, and they were all worn out. In fact, they could not hope to do anything further that day, and having reached a suitable spot, the best course to pursue would be to camp. This was at once agreed to, the hope being expressed that something might be seen during the night which would indicate the position of the blacks which Queloo said would be found in the neighbourhood.. They must put a curb on their anxiety until morning. The worst of- it was they were so near the end of the quest, or, rather, the object of their search' was so near them that Fitzgerald woujd not hear of a fire being lighted. ' Do ye want to ruin us entoirely, lads? Shure ye might as well fire off the guns at once an' tell the. cratburs we are here waitin' for thim. Don't ye see a fire would be the signal for thim- — the red light av danger— an' they'd see it in foive minutes,' he ex postulated. . "We.can drink cold water, boys. Many a time I have had water to drink after a hard day's march. We have a little to eat, and' as it is Christmas Eve we can fill our stomachs in imagination by telling each . other yarns of the years of plenty,'- .cheerfully replied the old campaigner, Barrass. ..The captain's good spirits were contagious, and considering the disabilities, a much more pleasant night. was spent than might be ex-, pected. . . -i The rations were: small and the cheering pannican of tea much missed. There was one hopeful outlook, and that :was the fact that, next day would surely see the end of the quest. At daybreak all hands were astir, and from then until sunset a vigorous but fruitless search main tained. So far . as the men could find, there did not appear to have been a. human being in the vicinity since the creation. One thing was now certain, and that was the necessity for giving up the search. The food taken by the searchers from: the cottage was ex hausted, and the men mut depend on the guns for the wherewithal to keep body and soul . together. Under the: circumstances it was decided to make for home at day break next day. They were not less than forty miles from Mount Pluto, and "the journey in such country would occupy at least two days. In fact, it was the morning of the 28th December, 1873;' when the ragged and worn-out expedition, with their strange prisoner, entered the clearing which surrounded the little cottage, 'and never was a sight more welcome. Captain Barrass gave a loud hurrah; as the party stepped from the scrub into the open. The next moment every man stopped short in speechless astonishment, and little wonder they did. Standing at the door of the cottage was the form of Abel Sutcliffe himself, the weird stranger to seek whom they had endured a week of privation and hard labour. In a few moments "the man re ported:. as . lohg since _ dead " was. joined by Nora and Mrs. Fitzgerald, while the two station-hands emerged from the >tent to join their greetings with the: inmates of the cottage. "... Mute with surprise, the six seekers stumbled rather .than walked to the house to seek a solu tion of the mystery. There was a grave look on the faces of both mother, and daughter which Allan did not fail to .'notice' as. he came up and stood in front of Sutcliffe, who claimed his first attention. r ' Back from the grave; Abel, it seems. You're welcome, anyhow,' he said. 'Yes,' was the monosyllable reply which the recovered man gave in a curiously constrained manner; though the ghost of a. smile parted his lips, and he seemed grateful for the warm hand-grasp - which Allan gave him. ". u ' Don't waste time in talk now. Come in and have something to ate and dhrink, for ye all look famished,' commanded Mrs. Fitz gerald imperiously, looking rather curiously at the stranger ; and they were all glad #enough; to obey the order, burning with curiosity though they were to hear the story of Sutcliffe. Hunger and thirst were soon satisfied, and then Mrs. Fitzgerald said : . 'Nora has som'ethin' to say to y'e, friends, afore Abel spakes, and that will, givfe ye a, better idea of what follows.' . ' Nora !' "repeated the captain. ' What has happened to her since we left:J Oh, I suppose, she dis covered Sutcliffe while' we were hunting in all sorts of imaginary places for , him,' replied Captain Barrass; She'll tell ye all, ginfclemen,' was the mother's response. To Be Continued. % i 