WC.f.U, DISTRICT CONVCNTiBN: ,1 s (Contributed) the ninth convention of the Yorke'a Peninsula District of the W.C.T.U. was held in the Wesley an Cturch, Warcoka, on July 12\. The church waE prettily decorated for .the occasion. Mrs. Edwards (Start District President) presided over a good attendance of officers, delegates anq friends. The. correponding secretary's report showed that steady, work has been done and .that the District President has, worked hard during the year to keep up the interest in the work, .The. Warooka Union's Narcotic -Snp-; erlntendent (Mrs. Vi?ai) reported that twenty pledges had been taken .and that ten business meetings and five cottage meetings held. Torketown Union has held three business meetings apd three public meetings, eight signatures to the temperance pledge being taken at the last public meeting. Wauraltee Union reported a continuance of Legion work. Brentwood has held nine business and seven cottage meetings.. Bible readings are given regularly in the school and, ..literature given away.. Mrs. Scott repotted lack of interest in the Alliance and Temperance News,'and in - Otir Federation.* Mrs. Ed wards; the importance of increasing the circulation of both papers as it would strengthen the- interest in : aijd widen the knowledge of the work In order to do. this h was i.esolved that the.back numbers of ' Our Ee deration' be disi ri buted among, the people outside of the Union. Miss Laity reported that literature has been well distribute.^. Mr3 Keightley gave an aadr^ss on ' Christian,,CitiaensbiF/ showed the need of this department. Mrs. = • Ghrifltie;, : reported, that literature having betn dis tjfl[buted among men at . flux ^ka-- It decidedto ;supply her with literature for the box on the. jfetty.c The treasurer's jreport showed a balance ifi hand» Greetings were read from Misses Lookwood and George.: Papers were read by. Mrs.; J. J.. Nicholls on ' How to .help the Young People,' on'How to secure New Members. 1 by Mrs. J. Anderson Jun., (written by Sirs. Edwards), on ' Systematic Giving,' by Miss Geater (written :by Mrs. Sanders). Mrs. Edwards gave an address on * Social Purity,' and referred to tbe White CJOSS movement, urging that some minister or suitable person be, asked to take np the work among the yuung men. The «&nie; lady also conducted a helpful Biblereading at thebeginping of the afternoon session and at the close read ilae iiiitiation sere. two new members and an honorary mppber havif3g take^i joined the"unioh. *" ^ The following resolutions were carried;-** That we.thank God for his. goodnes3 to the' White' Eibbon host collectively itnd indivi'diially especially for" the blessing and impetus ito .us and to: • our 1 work through tUe Anstraiasian Convention. ^. To do what we can either by _ drawing, room or public meetings tb 'incp6ase r our membership during the doming year. '" That Tecegniz ing the powier of the press to reach homes and people^we fciil to, we will endeavour to keep ;our. local', papers supplied with te'mpetetLee i^ems.. That in view of'the alarming iheteafe j^impurity amongst the young, we urge on parents, Sunday-school ; teachei/s. aud all who have ^he f oygraght of young Sple fai Weft to inculcate' reverencc to ard God,: ; l-evei-ence - towards their arenas, and the right Tegard of: their own lodies as temples of the Holy -Ghost. f That Tl we make special efforts to re-oremise aiid to organise Loyal Temperance Legions, That we do all in our power both by precept and example to further the bet ter observance of the Sabbath; .. : That as a means of spreading Temperancei sentiment we urge the - Unions throhghout the District to get .jounf. people to take part in the scientific temperance competition. That we ask our ministers -to observe Temperance Sunday, also >ee endeavour to secure tempeianee addressed in tbe Sunday Schools on that day. fhat we endeavour to awaken public sentiment in regard to the evil effects of narcotic : drugs, tobacco and cigarette smoking. ¥hatas^neuia-o! •.helBingouunare iully. . to realise our responsibilities~as mothers we observe' Mothers Day .' in. t^aoaJgi-Vr ing week. r • That all kinds of :gambhng should be made illegal and the laW3 against it rigously enforced. That we advocate ' Medal Ooiitests'' as a means of intereftinj the young people in our work, That we send loving greetings to our Australasian President, praying tliat' her visit to tbe homeland will be a means of ' rich blessing to herself and to the work she loved so well,; and that Fhe may be brought safely back to us again, and that we express, our tlpepest sympathy with her in the anxiety ihat mast fill her heart because -of the peril her two sons are ex* posed'to' tbe eldest a misEionary in China and the third sou. fighting for Queen and country in the Transvaal. . That we send'living gTMtmgs to' His3ea Vincent and CiimmSri and io Mies'- Murcutt in remembrance of-their helpful ser • vices tcub asp District... . : That .we heartily .thank our refcirinjg . secretary (Miis Carmichael) for her feithful and 5 paibsfelflng eerti^es, alf J Miss ' Lattj^ (Iiteratiure Superintendent) and pray pod'B richestt btessieig may rest upen ( ; them in the rela,t joii§(iips .thqf are about . toforin. • " 1 ' The eVehiiig jrieeting, presided" oyer by the Rev. 'J. 1 J. Nicholfs, was ! an' J enthuHiastic ' one,''. the church "beitfg ? crowded. Sohgi' were given by Jfisswi Koop, Vlpar- ; Keightley; and 'McE^nzie, Messrs' Murdoch an*? Vigar, a recitation byM'-fls ^..Oarthichael, and.an addresi b^ Ifrs; Eiwards on ' Chris- . tiari i Citizenship.' A >ote of tii^pkB ^As'tendered to all helpers .Gf^ait.praiseisdue^o tbjfe Warooka people whjj eicelled themsesives in jproviditjg the liinshebh,'the " proceeds of ' Which amounted t6 £5. The convention tnroughout was a 'great Success financially, numerically and spiritually. Advantage was taken of : Mrs. Edwjards' vieit to the Peninsula tyefe'tin^s have' b^n held at f . r MinlatOR' and' * Brentwood' both of ^hfeh were" w&l; iiteended 1 as/.VaB'; : also -a. i^ttigb' 1 ifierfiln^, ; - at M^s. ! Dare's), ivbere a- helpful : a B vble readii^g' ah<d an insfcrhstitef " talk;on'thV- wcJrk' waa given by ' Mrs., Edwards, who alsa took thtT. service on Sunday fevenihg at Bt^ntwood and it was-felt to be. a . < jtime&E; fereat ; preciatetf ner SertHces very much and all thfe^meetiegs hfeld'have fc6eri most scrtfeefeaftil, We wish KI! . hfjp ^peed'ifi 'fi'er flrdf&'aiii hope tb have her- With us. ' again sometime iii th6 T future. • —J- i—-'••-1 L_ ' 