DEVONPORT BAPTIST CHURCH, PAstor Walton preached iiis farewoil servioos in tho Dovonport Baptist Church on Sunday. , On oaoh occasion tho build ing was crowded. In the morning tho rov gentleman took for his text Hebrews, chapter xlH, verses 20— 21,: "Tho God of peaoe . . .. . ; make you perfect in every good work to do His. will, work ing in you that whioh. is well pleasing in his sight through Jesus Ghrist, to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amon." -He said, when a pastor was leaving his people, he yeamod to sum up and coneontrato in one last message his best desires for thom,' and in. that how beautifully, God's Word came to his aid; . Yery easily might thero be inferred from the full and improssivo words of the 20th and 21st verses the prin- oipal themes of his mlulstry — the moroy of God, the Atonement of the Lord ' osus, the need of a holy lifo, the final glory of all' who believoi in Jesus. And as the Author of that opiatle, after all his argu- mbnta. warninga, remonstrance!), and ap- MIIIVU uu IMU UQ6U IU LUfU bllU people to God, at IaBt, left his couvsrts with God, and In ono full outburst of prayer desirod God to make them perfect in every good work to do His will, so would .' be (the preaoher) . be assured that God was able to do. for them exceeding abundantly above all that hp oould ask or think. Passing briefly oyer tho 20th veree, the pastor dwelt more fully on the potitionB of tho 21st. Ho -showed' that tho word " per-' foot," lis used in tho text, meant "to eot in joint," like tho setting of a dislocated bone, or "to repair," like the eettingof a fraotured limb. Men with broken liones oould not porfeotly fulfil llfo'a claims. The. mechanism of the body failed to anBwor the mandates of tho will. Might God est thom " true," liko an. engine that ran without friction, and porfoctly equip them to every good work— to ovory good worn, noc merely for some good works, for ooursgeoos confession, for patient on- duranos, for all beautiful forms of Christian oharaoter, and whatever duty or eervico the law of Christ might impose. The afternoon eorvice was moro particularly for the children, and to them the pastor specially addressed his remarks.- Every seat was again oooupiod at' night, when the. pastor, took for his text 2nd Corinth ians, chapter xiii, and versoa.ll and 14th, "Finally, brethren, farewell,, -Bo per- foot, be of good comfort, ho of one mind, leavo in peace, and the God of lovo and peaoe he .with you. The jraoe of tho Lord Joaus Christ, and tho GVA ftp ftftrl .unl riia.nnmam.!.. f it. - " , Vi, ) " '»"« . wiuiuuutun ui nits Holy Ghost be with you all. Amon." The preaoher first N spoke of tho ties whioh bound a true minister to bis people. Every lnoidont In life tendod to mako the bonds tho stronger. His sorvioo In tho dedication of thoir' children, tho visitation of the sick, his sympathy in trouble and mlafortuno, his rojololng in their sonny hours of prosperity, his presenoo at tho marriago foast, his burlsl of thoir doad. It was hard to bring euoh relationships to a oloao. He felt he ncodod tho great .words of tho . text to bo like a permanent way upon wbioh hla thoughts and desires for tlniin might run. Lot thorn ronl that thoy wore brothron adopted in,.® ssino finiily, having tho samo iirivirja triiinlng, ' tastos, homo, and datSf loving and aoknowlodging tho ngftili of tho Bsmo Lord, and ohildron o! jB Fstiior. It was no formal word otn. j® whon Paul said, "Farewell." HqSjB for thom a Btrong and oomploto OhHJB life, that tHoy might I' faro well " in donth, and at the judgment. might count on God'a holp to be do all thoy should do and bo. UJ8 gontloman thon. oonoluded nn imp, IS addrosB, which wns listened to witifH sttontion, by showing how thoy all JKi eomo nndor tho liomtiful boned ioj,® tho-Apostlo. A farewell moetiae ,;iR| tondorod to tho pastor to-morro ,K| ing, in tho ohuroh. T® 