HOW GHOSTS ARE MANUFACTURED. We are still mystery-loving enough to be roused to a state of inteiest by any tangible manifestation of the invisible, especially when it comes to us* under scientific authority. A curiosity of this nature was awakened by Dr. KusBell's ' Experiments on the Action of Metals and other Substances on a Photographic Plate.' as the dry title has it: and this curiosity ha? received an additional stitnulous from the further researches which he expounded to the Society in the iiakerian lecture on Thursday. The title of the lecture might almost have been ' the catch ing of invisible vapours and the manufacture and photography of ghosts.' For, although this advanced photography is quite a piece of latter-day science, yet there clings about these experiments with invisible vapuurs given off from newspapers, metals, pill boxes, wood, and a thousand diverse sub stances, an air of mediaeval romance wafted from the days of Albertus Magnus. It is probably within the recollection of most of us that l-r. Russell discovered that an enormous variety of substances were capable of giving a permanent record of their surfaces on a photographic plate when they were placed in contact with it and left for some time in the dark. But there was no definite explana tion of the cause of this. Why should a piece ef wood a hundred years old or a newspa]-er cutting, or a palished sheet of zinc, photograph itself in this way? The reply is at lasi. forthcoming -peach of these substances -jives off it* own particular vapour, presumably in t'ue form of a gas, and this vapour can act upon the silver salts in the sensitive plate in precisely the same manner as light itself.. The exact methods by which this had been | proved are too technical to be described at ! length, but they essentially consist in sub jecting the oils and metal's expei intent ed with to such a treatment that they are com . uelled to declare their emanations to be either optical rays or vapour*, for there is no third puHMibiHly, They have been carried through tubes by a current of air, made to turn cornuis, to wriggle in and out between plates of niicii. and at the end of all these peregrination* they still retained their former photographic capabilities. And by do possible chance could any self-respecting ray oi tbe X or any other kind do that. The manufacture of ghosts lends additional proof to the vapour theory. A sheet of polished zinc is cut into fcome uhape — say that of a ghost (traditional form) — and is placed in contact with a piece of white card board for some time; the zinc is then re moved and the cardboard tied up with a photo graphic plate. When the plate conies to be developed there appears a black ghost on a white background. Whilst the zinc and card board were together the zinc vapour has been entering the pores of the card, so that though to all appearance as blank as before there- is in reality a ghoet depicted in it in zinc vapour, and this ghost can be made visible only by the photographic means described above. The quantity of this vapour given off is infinitesimally small, so small that no bal ance, howerer, delicate, would be able to detect any loss of weight in the piece of zinc, so small that there has even remained sufficient oil in the printing of a book, dated 1641, to enable Dr. Russell to obtain a pho tograph of it. It is to early to arrive at any final conclusion about these things, but we shall almost certainly have to revolutionise our ideas about vapours in general. We are not all used to think of nickel, zinc, and aluminium as each giving oS the vapour of its paiticular metai at ordinary temperatures; Btill less can we at present realise the calm manner in which these emissions stalk through sheets of gelatine and celluloid as though there were nothing there. But the facts remain and constitute one of the most curious and interesting developments of science that has occurred for a longtime. ? The other day Mrs. Snibkin, being un well, sent for a medical man, and decJaied that she was poisoned, and that Mr. Snip kins did it.' '? I didn't do it,' shouted SnipkiDS. ' It's all -THiiiinon; she isn't poisoned. Prove.it, doctor; open her on the fcpot; I've no ob iection.' ' 