Sessional Work. Fourteenth Week— Forty-sixth Day. At 3 o'elook yesterday afternoon, Wednes day's sitting expired of .sheer exhaustion and old ago, and gave up the ghost amid bitter nartv struggle. When the SDeakor took tlin ohair at 3.30, the Premier gave notice that to-day he intends to move that the- House resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole to consider the advisableness of establish ing a hank for tho purposes of pro moting the occupation, cultivation, and. improvement of agricultural lands. This looks remarkably like a sop to Cer berus, and will require a wide political eesophagus to slip down. Why not extend it to . manufacturers of raw produots of the soil, snob as fruit arid jam manufacturers ? Presumably the lines upon which snob a bank will- be run will be those connected with the Credit Foncier. This system has been intro duced and tried in some of the other States, and has proved a fnir. success. It was trans planted from France,', where it flourishes' healthily; but . the climate of Australasia does not seem to suit it so well. The whole political organisation of society is different here; still any expedient which' is ia legitimate attempt .to solve tho problom of permanent yeomen settlement will come as an earnest of bona-fides from the Govern ment. Until the - Premier's full soheme is disclosed it would he unfair to anticipate objections to it. A question relating to. the employment of Polynesian labour at Cairns elicited the reply that there is no power under the existing law to prohibit the employment of Polynesians by Chinamen, or other aliens. This opens np a wide international question, arid the whole of it will prove to be one of the hardest nuts tho federal Parliament will be called' upon to oruok. Leave was given to introduce, a bill to amend the Health Aot Amendment - Aot , of 1899. Tho bill, which is an unimportant ono, was read a first time, and the second reading made an order of the day for Ootober 25. Debate on the Faotories. and Shops Act amendment, pro posed by Mr. M'Donrioll, was resumed. . On all sides it was admitted that thoro is room for many improvements in the working of the law relating to factories and shops, and finally it was agreed, on the voices, that, " in the opinion of the House, it is desirable that the Faotories and Shops Act of ,1896 be so amended as to provide, for the establish ment of'special wages boards, and other pro visions now in operation in Victoria under the Victorian Shops ' and Faotories Acts of 1690-1900." Once more inquiry was made concerning those Cross despatches. Effluxion of time prorented a vote ; hut some members of the House would much like to see at least one of those now famous despatches. ' The House then wont into committee further to consider the Callido Railway Bill. v At the time of this writing the House still is in committee ostensibly cngageu in considering that measure. Business done. In the Assembly— None. 