THE PRIZE COMPETITIONS. The following are the winners of the priée competitions in connection with the Christmas number of the " Western Mail." In regard to photographs, no seiles was really " illustrative of life in Western Australia," so several special prizes were given instead ; - Mr. C. Walker, winner of the £2 prize for a single view, " The Old Homestead." Mr.. A. Crawford, winner of the £2 frize for study in animal life, " The New lull." Mr. A. H. Kruger, winner of the £1 prize for photograph by a member of the W.A. Photographic Society, with "A Pool among the Banges." Mr. E. H. Innes, winner of the £2 prize for series of views illustrative of goldfields life. Mr. A. Crawford, winner of the £2 prize, for series of views illustrative of life in the agricultural districts. "Coyarre,T was awarded a special prize of £2 for a series of views illustrative of life on a Nor'-West station. - "Arab" was awarded a 6pecial;prize of £1 for a series of views illustrative of kangaroo shooting* ....., "Coyarre" was awarded a special prize of £1 for a single view, entitled "Stock Watering at a Pool." In regard to the stories, the following were the results : - Mr. H. Benson Jackson, winner of the first prize of £7, with "The Ghost of Johnny Armstrong." Mr. Charles Fenton, winner of the se- cond prize of £4, 'The Winning of Ma- rion Resd." William Moyes, winner of the third prize of £2, with "On Cranky's Clear- ing." "Christmas with my Cousins," by Miss G. Crofton, and "Harry, the Horse's j Claim," by D. Y. N., are also published. Only two poems were accepted-"Dream- land," by Mr. Julian Mitchell, and "Hail, Australia!" by "E. M." Aunt Mary" awarded prizes to the following in the children's competi- tions : - Tiny Sbenton's "The Flatheads and the Foot." Morris Cantor's "How Bill Jenkins won the Battle of Paardebur'*." Nellie Clerk's "Meg's Story." Eric Fordham's ''The Cruise of the Mollyhawk." Henry Douglas Morgan's "Story of two Kangaroos." May Morrells "How Milly Lost her Christmas Cake." Margaret A. McDermott's "How to Spend Christmas_Day." 