THE DRUMMER =AND THE DRUMMER. 1.-W?AI. "W'hy, you're a Yankee, :ren't you'" That was what UGladys Clayton, a lit tie Southern girl, said one morning to a small boy dressed in blue. who. upon tier :ipproach h:ln half risen to a sitting pos ture beside :t patch which led both to a spring :Itd a negro cabin. within hail int dist:ane of the spot where the re clniing uniformed ligure was gazing ill open-eyed wonder on the vision of juve nile loveliness. "'Yes, I'mt a Yank." replied the boy. itt stinctively, saluting; "you can tell thatt biy liy blue." Then lie p)atisl for a: se conindand said. hesitatingrly: "Of coutrse you are--are-a-". The boy inl blue blushed. and the little maid. with a twinkle in her eyes. said: "A little rebel. Do you surrender?" "Hardly," replied the boy. mqking an endeavor to take his feet. but falllng hack until he suplported himself upon his elbow. An expression of pain swept over his face which startled the child, as she exclnimed, in sympatletic tones: "O. dear. what a pity! You are wound ed. and only a boy!" Then, as a rtes stturance. she added: " You needn't be afraid. Yankee boy: I won't hurt you. and all the gray soldiers are gonen away." "VW'here am I?" asked thie drummer boy. "You are on the Clayton plantation. Yankee boy. My mother says that it is .20 miles from Nowhere. and the last place that was nuade." - "There's been a big tight." said the boy: "whitch licked?" "Mother says-that she rieckols they both got atll they wanted, and then with drew' in good order.": answered thie girl. - '"Where is your father?":' . "Licking Yankees." was the reply.with : gr'eat deal of energy thrown into the words. '0O, ho!" exclaimed the boy. and then, in spite of himself. he permitted a troan to escape his lips. "0. dear," said the girl. coming close unp to him. _ "Are you hurt much, little Yatkee boy?" For a moment the boy in blue had forgotten himself, as -he asked in aindxiety: \- 'Please, little " girl, have you seed my drum". t-> The-girl lookedl up apldi:lowyn tie path on either sid. 'and at leiigthi":- shliP dis covered-the wreck of the niartial instr?i nient. S"Here it is. little boy.''salid the girl, wvith much dignity- . "TlThanks. miss." said the. soldier boys: "the rebs. have shot it full of holes, and it's no good: throw; it wtiay.": Thei girl thrtewthe shluttered drum into the bushes.-. 'W"hat can I do for you'? rasked the, girl,. some.wltht perplexed at the sit tion. . "I'II tell yoiu.e" replied the boy, "and 1I wunat yon to do it right quick. I Iwant you to get one out of this ight snmarft," for at scouting party of. rebs. might comle riding thisway ' .and. captture ie -n- or S'"iYankee boy. my mnmnma would have a fit if she saw;you in that blue suit. She hates you iall! Let. me see-let mesee!" SThen she clapped her haiids and ex claimed: `"I know what' I'11 do. I'll go to old Si. down a:it the cabin. : He'and auntle are the only ones-of all the slaves, who have not run away to follow the Yun kees. " Si will do anything for.me. Be. as patient as.you can while I am gone, for it won't be long."': It was not long that tile lad hid to wait, but when the people returned with the two' colored people he :i as tquite faint. and gasped: "Water!"'q "Briing the gourd . from the spring." commanded -untie; who had arrived in advaince of her 'rheumatic husband. Ihe labors of years- and .perfect health had given the black woman ;immense strength,, and the drunmmer boy: was. lit tie more of a.bnutren to her th:in ai init fant. . " Gladys ran on6 ahead to 'the: cabin. i Auntie strode on, taking suCh immense | SteplS thait heri husbaud, in a vain en deavor to keep up. was taken with a fit of coughing, and was obliged to take a long res-t Iby the wayside. Wbhen he did ari~ve at the cabill the boy in blte was snugly hidden away. mtid receivitg the kind ottice' ofr, the c(oloi'edl woman. who had" had ir?in :?yeirs;of e.lperir"en'e in ,Now tlhant the nvounded drummer boy was made:nas comfortiable as p-Iossile. auntie closed the cabin door and said, as imprressivelyc.: if she were rectiting one of her liest ghost stories: "You hear me. liss G:ladys. an' you ole nian: you both done keep your mnoutlh shut 'bout this 'ere young 'un- You both :ll know that the nisy atr the big house is just pizen on tile Y:nkees; for all she's a .di'efful ood wolman. lBuint for aHll that we lnustl't let her know of this little ebhap -hidin' here. any imoie than's if 'tw-as Ablr Tin kunii Iissellf." 11.--PEACE. Iines . .' id tHie head of 'thie ihohse to a favorite comnmercial traveller who had justireturiled f'roi nt extended tour, '-'do you know, anythifg of the South?". "A little." w;ls the reply. "fow f:lr South 'have you been ' "'?icuhnioiid." •"Alh!" exlC:aimed the head of the ho:=:;e. "long getting there'" l'retty near three ye:ars." - "1hirst time that I ever heard.that you were in the lte unpleasaltn?es-s.'" ' re turned hli employer; "never heard about your- :adrentures in that line." "'ll,'" interrupted the salesman. "you see. I au the only nman engagedl in :the Civil witlr who is not'"writin for thebma "In mannn battles':" asked the manag ing partner. "Yes." "\onounded? ": '"Twic'e-onie In thie leg. anod the other time in tie heart." "'tecovered from the shot in the leg; the wound in the heart is still open." "Um!" was the finale of this running conversation. The salesmaln nodded, and then the converse treamne "strictly business.'" The desirle of the firms was concisely this. to renew a Southern trtade previonsly- held by the house. whiech had been interrupted by, il(he Civil war ai u never lvregained never regained -bee:iuse? the house had neverl made an effcrt to resime business relations with th:t section. '"A- lter." said tile senior pairtner-. be conling f:lniliar. "'we must win all that trade back again. I not only want the city- houses, but those remote plantation storens at thre crossro:ads,whliclh c-arry such big stoc-ks of our very lines. And as for tlhe sanlary anld commission. the house will guarantere that your trial trip in tihe new section shall ~e no loss to you." whlien the day for the salesman's de pi:lrturne for Virginia tane. the head of thil ihouse. at parting, said: "We'll. you are advancing on Richmond tils time under somewhat different cir Cmlllls:UtlCnes. "Not so very difl'rrent." interrupted the sales~:in. with a quiet chuckle. "I was ia dllumnler then. :n(d i'm a "drummer" (traveller) now." .Tust at dusk one night he drove up to the store on the Clayton plantation, and, walking into the establishment, announe e llhimself and Iris business by present ing -his card. as he said: "I want supper, feed and keep for my holse, lodging for myself, and will talk business later." A young man behind the counter re plied: "'h:at'll be all right, Mir Lines. The proprietor will be here in a moment." Then he ordered a lounging darukey to "take the horse round to the barn." Tihe drunmmner was just going to ask the condition of trade. when a woman entered. "Miss Clayton. the proprietor." said the clerk. introducing the newcomer. The- greeting of the two wasso hearty that the clerk almost fell over the coun ter. "Why, Walter!" "Why. Gladys!" .. Tha'rt clerk was a jewel--he knew his business, lie hurried out of the store to feed the driuTll er's horse. ihf inc-losing an order for a large bill of goo(ds on the ensuing day. the driunmer n:lud the drummner. in :l commlunication to the hliead of the holuse, wrote: "I h:ave- entirely recovered from that wound of the he:irt. In Mi-ss Gladys Cla?ytonl I have founnd arl olt a:.cquatit ance-ai new womnan of the new South whonl I sha:ll h:lre no trouble in bringing into the union. At present her mother is rather a hopeless case. but I am quite sure tha:t she. too, will hecome thoroughl ly re'2oinstu-tetedt in due season."-Charrles II. Day. in "Honie M[gazille." 