chapter ij. A hnllroom. crowded almont to auffo- cntlon. A blar.c of light and heat. The flash of Jewel on fair bonoms and arm, and the glitter of gay uniform. The clear laughter of womeji, mingled with the deeper voice of men. and above all the muHic throbbed in a minor key of ineffable swoetnor. In a window reccas two people sat apart from the throng. The woman toyed liatlersly with her fan, nnd watched the man' stem profile from under her lowered eyelid. Ills head won down- bent, hi arms were folded acrons hi breast, nnd he Hcomod absorbed in his own thoughts. Thl was their third tete-a-tete fjneo they met again after a separation of seven year, during which they had lost Night of cnch other, and both were conscious of awkwardness and constraint. Fhc recalled him from dreamland by re marking, gently: "That Is n beautiful waltz. It used to he your favorite." He started. "I beg your pardon." he said, confusedly. "I am afraid I wa.s r.ot listening. What Is It?" "Sweethearts." The melody floated round Hi&m;, and something stirred In the man's heart that tWlllod-him with a sudden pain: and into the woman's face crept n softened look thnt made the tense lines of the mouth relax, nnd gave It gracious curves and tendernoy. "I have not heard It for a long time," she said, with a quick catch In her breath. "Neither have I," he replied. . And both thought of where they had heard It last, In the shabby flat among the chimney-tops, and for the woman ithnt warmly-lit room was peopled with the ghosts of dead hopes and mocking memories. But he saw only a pair of sweet gray eyes, and the unsatisfied longing, tho pnsBionatc desire that years of, striving after forgetfulness could not subdue, awoke to tenfold life. He thought he had stifled It, killed' It, und from its funeral pile Love rose again, deathless and triumphant. The dancers passed and re-passed, their mirth Jarring on the silence of the two in tho quiet nook. The motion of her fan sent un odor, of white violet in his direction, delicate, fragrant, full of the freshness of spring hedgerows. It was Ella's favorite perfume, and It was inse parably hseoclntod with muny incident of their post comradeship. The wheels of time went backward while he mused, and the present vanished for a space. "Did you dream become a reality?" he anked at length. "Not quite," she replied, "I have had disappointments und only one success. I overrated my own powers. Talent is not genius." "It is too noon to acknowledge defeat." "t shall never attain to my Ideal." she said, in a tone of conviction: "but the disappointment will not crush me. Some one else will occupy the niche In the tem ple of Fame which I thought meant for tnc. The fact that most of my pictures sell, and that I earn a comfortable In come by designing Chrlstmnd cards for a flrat-cluss Arm Is a solace to my wounded vanity. We learn wisdom as wc grow older, and youthful egotism drops from us bit by hit." "Was I a true prophet?" "Yes— partly." "If you lind to choose now, which would you hold fast—love or ambition?" "I.ovo," she said, in a low voice and with paling cheeks. "Who would give the nharlow of Joy for the suhstuncc?" lie raised his head and looked at her. He stretched out his hand and touched hers. "Ella." "Ralph." "Have you forgotten?" "No. . How could I?" "You cared for me then?" "Always. From the very beginning. 1 know when it is too late." "My darling!" The words were utter ed under hlo breath, but she heard, and her eyes were glad. He had been cold and cynical at their previous meetings. Perhaps the presence of strangers ac counted for It, or he might have thought that her former treatment of him mer ited some reproof, some show of displea sure. Now Uto expression of his face could not be misunderstood, and she al lowed her hand to rest In his, nnd won- Idercd if ever woman in this world hud such cause for gratitude; feeling, too, In the glow of her boundless happlncs a thrill of plly.for those who did not know what it was to be loved by him. It wn even possible to think of the your that were gone without being un duly saddened. They had matured and strengthened her Judgment. They had witnessed the dally building-up of the love that crowned her life wltli perfec tion, and they.hud taught her lessons of patience ami self-control. In the blissful future to be spent with Ralph she would make amends for any sorrow her wilfulness had caused him. "Do you enjoy this kind of thing?" He nodded towards tho brilliant throng, und spoko like one who is lit at onsc and troubled. "Now and then, to relieve the same ness of existence; hut with me a little gaiety goes a long way. On the whole I prefer work." \ "You always had a superflous stock of energy," he said with a smile. "And you were correspondingly lazy," he retorted; ' He released her hands, and bent for ward, a curious, dull resignation effac ing the brightness that went as quickly as It enme. "Ella, why did you let mo go?" "Because I was foolish and wayward." "We were both to blutne. I should have persevered Instead of taking you at your word. You should have been 16s obstinate. .Well, there Is no use In la menting. When w6 mako a hideous bungle of our Uvcs wc must be prepar ed to abide by the consequences." "I— I don't understand," sho faltered, uplifting pleading eyes and shivering slightly. ' A chill promonltlon of cvit crept over her, turning the warm blood in her veins to ice. Surely they had no thing to fear, now that thoy were re united and he loved her still? . Yet why was ho so pate, and stern, and wrath ful? "You arc angry with me, Ralph." "With you?" he said, remorsefully. "No; but .with myself. I have been cowardly and cruel. I might have guard ed my tongue bolter, and spared you this pain; but I Bwcar to you, Ella, that I forgot. I remembered only that ,wo were together, and a brief delirium con quered sense and reason. Think gently of me If you can. Relieve mo when I say that I would give the remainder of my' life to recall what I said to-night— to undo what I did two years ago In & fit of. angry rebellion against fate." Sho stood up and laid one hand gently on his arm. His words had no mean- ing for her, but she saw that he was miserable und needed comfort. A woman parted the palm branches in front of their retreat, and stood looking from one to the other with an amused, Indulgent smile. "I have been searching everywhere for you," ahc said In a high-pitched voice, with a decided and not unpleaslng Yan kee twang. "Won't you introduce me, Ralph?" The two women exchanged glances, and at the sight of tho ex quisitely dressed stranger a wave of crimson swept ' across Ella's face, and fading left it white nnd cold. That perfect self-possession and air of proprietorship, together with Ralph's uneasy countenance, enlightened her a little; but still the shock was severe, when, after an awkward pause, he said nervously— "My wife— Mis Trcntc." .She did not wince. .She took;it quietly, unemotionally to all appearances, as we sometime take a stroke that aims at the root of our most cherished dreams, our dearest desires: though wc may whim per at the pin pricks like utter cowards. "I am so pleased to meet you," said Mrs Lester, graciously. "Our hostess often speaks of you, anil your pictures arc Just too sweet for anything. We must pay a visit to Miss Trente's studio, Ralph. How naughty of you not to tell me that you were old acquaintances!" . He was silent, and to cover his dis comfiture Ella made some trite remark that turned the conversation Into less persona! channels. It was a ghastly farce trying to appear Interested und animated, but It came to an end at l:ist. "I'm reu! sorry a bad neuralgic attack kept me from knowing you sooner," said the voluble American with a gen uine outburst of good nature as she took leave of Ella. "Wc moan to stay here for six months, and you'll let mo bo your friend, won't you? I used to think clever people were naturully disagreenhlc, hut you're downright nice," f declare. If Ralph hasn't gone off looking as sulky as a hoar. There! ' Oood-byc again. Miss Trentc, or rather, au revolr." "You are tired, murmured Grannie, sofily, stroking the brown hcud that rested on her lap. "Was it u grand affair?" | "Very," "Did you meet anyone you knew latt night?" "A great many. Rulph vnsthere." "Ah!" The old wnmun'n nnxlety was plnlnly evident, and she waited for what was to come next; but Ella was unusu- nlly silent, ami tho gentle drip of the rain upon the window sounded loud In the amines. , "Were you talking to him?" "Oh, yes. We had a long chat." , "Well, dour?"— Impatiently. She drew the wrinkled face down to hers, and kinscd It. "I am going to remain with you, Gran nie, so you may stop planning and hop ing. 'Thcro are no birds In last year's nest.' " 