A ROCUE AND JUS 'MONKEY.' ' It in a most extraordinary thing, Mr. Solimiaii3. but tho £500. bank- noto I put in to the safo this morning has disappeared.' '' You don't say so, sir. Dear mo. how unfortunate, and how unpleasant for us all. Of oourae, tho keys havvo novor left your possession sineo you looked tho noto upJ' 'Novor for a moment, Solomans,' said Mr. Richards, tho Manchester lawyer, aaJio regarded his mean-looking chief clork with , tho utmost perploxity from which suspicion . was cntiroly absent. ' It is quite bowildcr jtigl My duplicate sotis at homo. Besides, I do not boo how auy thief could get at the ( safo in tho daytime, when wo are all busy | around it. Tho look doe3 not appear to havo . been tampered with, tho contents aro un- | disturbed, but tho note is gone. , .''Pardon me,' air, perhaps you never put it in there at all- Porhaps you will find it in your pocket-book all safo and sound.' ' Don't talk foolishness, Solomans,' cried, his employer crossly. Nevertheless he drew out his wallet and examined its contents with great deliberation. Ho soarched all his pockets, und turned out his private desk. | '? TuslU' he exclaimed, 'what an nss 1 am ! j Don't I know quite well that I placed it carefully in one of tho drawers of tho safe, arid nowhere else ?' ' Umph !' Tho clerk ran tho tip of his penholder through his fluffy hair and looked dreadfully concerned on his employer's account. ' Let's tako out tho drawer,' said ho with an air of inspiration, ' and seo if tho noto has slipped behind it.' This was done, and the interior of tho safo taken to pieces as far as was possible; overy hook and corner of tho otlico was cleared out, but tho missing ' monkey ' — to adopt the phraseology of ' Captain Coo ' — was not to bo discovered. ' It is a mystery,' said tho solicitor gloom ily, as he sat down exhausted by his exer tions; ' and I would not have it occur in this Olioe for double the money.' . . 1 ' Of course you have tho number of ( the noto V queried Solomans eagerly. ' Just so. ' Well, we must stop it at onco, and — would i you like mo to call in tho police, sir ?' | ' Certainly not,' returned Mr. Richards i sharply. ' I do not for an instant suspect ' any one here. We must, of course, give in- j formation to tho authorities. But I do not wish to have any fuss made. It does not do a- lawyer any good for his clients to hear thnt he has been robbed, or so careless as to j. loose a valuable document.' | 'Well, sir, I shan't feol comfortablo or happy till we find out what has become of it. ' 'Why, it ia for all tho world like a bit of magic.' . I ?? ' It is beyond my comprehension. But get , on with thoso costs in the Siinmonda matter, I I should like him to have the account in to- , morrow.' i Mr. Richards forgot — or perhaps ignored is the better word in tho connection— the fact that aftor returning to the office from his lunch he invariably foil asleep in-his chair for a good 20 minutes. It was a mild form of mania with him to stoutly deny that ho over did anything of the kind. This ? practice, was, of course, well known to Solo- . mans, and on tho day in question, finding himself alono in the office for a few moments ho.had made himself possessor of the uncou- f scious man's keys. Like a flash ho opened j tho safe, secured the. note, made all again Becurc, and -slipped the bunch back into the pocket' where tho attornoy always carried it. In the privacy of his own apartment that night Solomans produced tlie crisp noto from where ho had most cunningly hid it about his person. ' You'ro a beauty,' said he, as ho flat tened it out, ' but gold is better looking, and gold you will havo to bo turned into my pretty one when tho right timo comes. You ( ? muBt go to the races, for it is only on the busy course that you can bo changed with safety.' He placed it in a small, tightly-fitting tin box. This ho wrapped in several turns of eil-skin. The whole he dropped into a shallow tank, which stood on a ledge just outside his. own window. ' Now, the bobbies can come and search hero till' they are blind. They will never think of looking into our eistern for a bank note,' complacently mused he, as ho made himself ' fetching ' for his evening prom cnado at the Gaiety. Solomans allowed a little timo to pass beforo 'letting his '~' : Monkey have a climb for its monoy,' as he termed it. In the meanwhile ho had become confidential with a couple of sporting mechanics who very much preferred to play for something than to workfor it. It is a ' fancy not by auy means confined to one class ' of the social scale. 'Look here,' said ho one evening- to this ( pair, Swale and Huggins by names, ?' if you ? two like to go to the races to-morrow I can j put you on to two good things, and if you smash a £500 note for me with any of the bookmakers you shall have 50 quid a-piece. I Lor bless you! the big bookies don't think j anything of charging what thoy call ' a i monkey.' You hn.l best be well togged, you I know.and put on a nice free and independent. air. Mum'B tho word, ami when you get the ' stuff,' hold it firm. The cinunission delighted Swale and Husgins imbibed with new and alarming gusto at the prospect of it. Naturally enough the first bookmaker they attempted to negotiate with was a notorious welcher. Ho took the measure of his men at once. . Ho nipped off his chair, joined them, and drew them away from tho crowd. ' What do you think I am mado of ?' demanded he. ' Putty, mud, or tea leaves ? If I'd 500 shiners in my kick I should not have been on that perch. Look here. Havo you any ready V A couple of quid will tako us into tho enclosure. Once there I'll put a bit on for you with ono of tho leviathaiiB.and he'll smash the note for us like a bird.' The necessary funds were scraped to gether among them. Once inside, the welsher cried, ' Ah, there's tho red hot 'un! I'll do tho biz with him.'1 He made a bet of £5 with thiB prominent member of Tattersall'B ring, and returned to the two workmen with £495 in change, which 'ho handed' to Swale. Tho three, were now i ' hand in glove for tho day. Tho stranger in- I ? troduced his new acquaintances to his old friends, who showed a robust desire to m'ako vory. free with them and their belongings. At last, and just before tho final race, they j raised a cry of ' wclchers ' against Swalo and Huggins, who after being stripped and , ' teemed '—that, ia, turned on their heads ? until not a fraction remained about them — ! were so cruelly used that it did not seem J likely they would ever again seo Mancheater. : After a Mttlo', however, they did manage to reach homo, whore SolomanB, white with anxiety, was eagoily looking for them, and tho prodiico.of ' the monkoy's olimb.' Tho tale they had to tell made him both sick and . wrathful. It was'in his heart to treat them to a volley of astonishing adjeotives, but ho ' remembered that, after all, ho was in their power, and must grin and bear this collapse of all his grand schemes. ' The only thing we can do now is to koop it dark,' said ho. ' Don't oithor of you, on any account, let on that I ever gavo you a 'monkey' to change.' ' We shall bo careful enough,' replied Swalo sullenly, ' but I reckon wo havo got blows and bruises just in trying to do your bit of business, for you, and you'll have to koop us going till we are tit for work again.' Solomans remonstrated and raved, all to no purpose. The blackmailing pair wont away with a sovereign each for immediato needs, and they- promised to . soon repeat their calls on himself and his oxehoquer. Tho bookmakor who had changed tho ill gotton noto soon had information that it was stopped, but ho had no difficulty in putting tho police on to the wolshor from whom he had received it. This worthy, in his turn, told his tale, and tho authorities kept liim for miHiy days journeying about thohighways and slums of Manchester in tho hope that ho might meet with and identify Swalo or. Hug- gins, or both. Curiously onough, Fato preserved thn mechanics, from being seen by the ono in search of them. Often they wore close to ono another; twice they were all drinking in tho same spirit vaults, and yet never came faco to faco. The news that tho authorities woro on tho track of his monoy of courso reached Mr. Richards, and he began to hope that at last tho mystery of its disappearance would be cleared. Solomans also heard tho tidings and he was thrown into a scries of cold sweats. He was in abject terror for his liberty. He decided that there was no courso so safe for him as flight. But he would not go empty-handed. Tho mero tomporary possession of that ' monkey ' — which ho now anathematised with much increased vigour — had whetted his greed for more. His avarice was after all keener than his des perate fear. He would make one more bril liant coup and then vanish from the legal circles of Manchester and of England for ever. His rather elaborato plans required a few days to perfect, and ho was in a state of tho most awful dread all the time. Mr. Rich ards was in London, and having tho coast clear Solomans, looking as bold as brass and as innocent aB butter, called on the manager of his employer's bank. He was well-known to tho gentleman, being really a more fre quent visitor to tho establishment than the lawyer himself. Ho explained that Mr. Richards was out of town, and that they had a settlement for a client on the following morning over some houso property, tho amount required being £1,500. ^ He had just learned that this client would not be able to arrive with the capital quite in time. Fearing some such contin gency, Mr. Richards before going away had left his life policy and other securities, -with full authorisations for Mr. Solomans to pledge them with tho bank for tho loan of tho sum named for a few days. Thoy had done such things for Mr. Rich ards before. Tho documents seemed to bo in perfect order. With hardly any hesitation tho manager told the cashier .to hand over to Solomans £1,500. Tho little rascal would much have liked to have taken ii all in gold, but he feared such a request might at tho final moment excite suspicion nnd bring him once more to grief. Still, he got the bulk in specio and the re3t in notes of £20. Once outside the bank with his plunder safe his sangfroid deserted him. His faco broke out into a rash, and he could only think of one thing, and it was how. to get away quick enough. Hoping to steady himself with brandy, he turned into the Hist tavern he reached, and there ho camo upon Swale and Huggins. ' Hullo !' cried the latter, 'wo was just agoingto give you a reminder. Why, what's the matter with you? Have you got tho fever, or havo you seen a ghost? ' ' Neither. You both take my advice and get out of Manchester as quick as you can. If you stay here you are sure to be recog nised, and there will be trouble. Go to Lon don — go anywhere. Hero's money for you. It'sthc last, and the best you'll ever get from me.' To their delight and amazement, he handed them four notes of £20 each. 'Those aro all right,' declared he. ', I have only just received them ovei the bank counter. My nameisWalker,' ho concluded, hurriedly, ' you won^t seo me again- ? ' ' Why can't wo all three go together? ' cried Swale, who. smelt more monoy from where the new twenty pounders had coma. 'You must bo mad!' was Soloman's withering reply, and straightway he dis appeared from tho place. An unlooked-for matter called Mr. Richards back to Manchester that afternoon, and it also took him to tho bank. A brief conversation with him showed tho manager that the policy and tho other documents, on which £1,500 had been advanced were worthless forgeries — excellent specimens of the nefarious art, but as securities valueless. There was a greater demand for tho plaus ible Mr. Solomans that night than had ever before been the case. All over the country the police kept a hot and an activo look out for him. Mr. Huggins received a visit from the . same inquiring gentry as he was rioting in a ' tripe 3upper with friends who were not of his ' own family. Earlier in the evening he had j changed .ono of the twenty-pound notes in a tavern, saying that ho had just received tho insurance money on his wife's death. On making a search at hiB lodgings a twenty-pound note was found in the chim ney, and as much in loose eaBh in a drawer. Then Swale was captured, and the welsher identified them as being the gents who had come to himon the racecourso desirous of changing ' a monkey.' Solomans was arrested just as ho was about to stop on board an Atlantic liner disguised as an old woman, a character Mb featureB suited very well. Tho oddest thing perhaps about thiB queor caso is that the little rogue only got eighteen months' imprisonment, while HugginB and Swale were sentenced to six and four each respectively. ? ' Quite onough for a blooming; monkey, too,' Solomans protests to this very day.' 