CHAPTER II. ¿tc-oerc reeta s ousiness lea mm ac times to the township of Beckton, a place some fifty miles distant from Winter Bay, and he was glad, when he woke on the morning after his meeting with Faulkner, to remember that he was to start that day on one of his periodical expeditions. For three days at least he would be out of reach of the manager's jests, and perhaps when the college was no longer within view he might be able to forget the struggle that was wearing out his heart and brain. There were only two other passengers in the coach, both of whom were strangers to him, and after the ordinary salutations had been given and returned, Reid took no further notice of them. They had not been long upon their way, however, when a name was uttered that could never fail to attract his attention. " Fullarton is á first-class fellow, and no mistake !" "I daresay be may be," said the other, who seemed to be of a more stolid make than his companion. " Daresay ?" cried the first. "I tell you he is ; ain't that enough for you ? My boy's a duffer, I know that well enough ; but I want to be able to say I sent him to school, and I want to do it cheap. I see scholarships of fifty pounds advertised at this college. I go, after getting my hint, d'ye see, and say in a friendly way, 'Now then, what can we propose as accommoda- tion ?' " " What do you mean by accommoda- tion ?" asked the other. " Well, you are thickheaded ! He gives my boy the scholarship and I give him the accommodation !" "Oh! I see," said the other. "You mean a bribe." " Well, if you like to call it so ; but there's no need to give it a name like that." Reid could hardly maintain his coolness as he listeued, for if this story was true, all his suspicions of Mr. Fullarton were correct. He asked the driver the names of the two men, and found that the first was a farmer named Watson, who had lately settled at a place called Fielding's Greek, while bis stolid friend had come on a visit to him from a distant township. Having discovered where to lay ; hands on his man if he wanted him, he decided to take no further steps for the present ; such an important matter could not be lightly touched-so,, at least, he persuaded himself ; yet all the while he had an uneasy conviction that if be had been quite unbiassed in the matter he would have acted differently. All his old doubts and conflicts rushed back upon him in a flood as the coach jolted on its way ; it was a choice between love and duty, and now one and now the other rose up before him in overwhelming force. He felt worn out by the conflict when he reached bis own home at last, and put off the decision until the next day, that he might have one more night of peace. He knew that he must do his duty at all costs, and when the morning came he would cast happiness behind him forever and take a solemn resolve. So he slept, and the day dawned ; and he woke and made his resolve ; but the resolve was that, come what might, he would never give up Rose Fullarton ! It surprised and startled him even while he made it; but he would not allow himself to draw back, and. stifling his feelings, he set himself to plan his scheme. Far from driving them apart, the knowledge that had been put within his grasp should bind them together; he would go to the head master, show him that he was at his mercy, and demand his daughter's hand as the price of silence. Mr. Fullarton was in his study when Reid was shown in, and he advanced to greet him with his usual fulsome welcome ; but Reid was in no mood for compliments. He- knew that if he asked any questions he should be met with flat denials, so he simply drove his charge home at once and asked for an explanation. Mr. Fullarton was so completely taken ¡víiack that his assurance alto- gether deserted him. " What do you know about it," he stammered. .' I know quite enough about it J' said lipid, unable to resist a grim smile as he saw how quickly his accusatiot was proved. " The point is rather how do you propose to defend your self ?" The head master cast- about in hi: mind for some means of escape ; bul the Scotchman's character for integ rity stood so high that the idea of * bribe seemed absurd where he wai concerned. Reid guessed what his thoughts were, and be was alruosl tempted to wish that the reputatioi hitherto so dear to him had never beer acquired. It would be a terrible degradation to be obliged to sugges the possibility of his own temptation but while he pondered an idea sud denly darted into Fullartons mind. "I do not propose to defend mysel at all," he said boldly. "You wil defend me, for I am the father of thi girl you love." Reid started and gripped the arm oi his chair fiercely with his hand Either duty or love must go to thi wall, but it was characteristic of thi man that even though love gained thi day, he tried to gloss it over witl duty. " I feel bound to be silent," he said " not for your daughter's sake but fo your own ; to speak would be to des troy your only chance of amendment. Fullarton listened with a smile tba was almost a sneer. Reid might set monise as he pleased now that he ha given his promise ; it made no differ ence to the head master's satisfaction In the face of overwhelming odds, h had played for a high stake and wo it! Wynyard w,as taking an afternoo stroll on the day after the interview between Reid and the head mastei when he was greeted by an ol acquaintance. Jervis Barton had lei Winter Bay not long before for a inland township, and as he was one c the few people of any culture in th place, Wynyard missed him greatlj He had only come over on busines for a few hours, and the two walke on together. "I beard something about Fullarto the other day," said Barton. " He ha been trading on the college scholai ships." "Nonsense!'' said Wynyard. " It is not nonsense at all," returne the other. " I can give you proofs r what 1 say," and he proceeded to la some startling facts before his con panion. "I shall not take the matter u myself," he said when he had finished " it is not my business, but it is a fin opportunity for you to have revenge Wynyard walked on after he hn gone, in much agitation. Like Reit he was divided between two conflici ing claims, and the struggle was nc less fierce for him than it had been fe the other. But Wynyard, unlike Reic was content to leau upon a hight strength than his own, and it did ni fail him now. Though it must put a impassable gulf between himself ar Rose, and though it would lay hil open to the suspicion of indulging i personal revenge, he had no choice bi to go to the directors and lay tl matter before them. The council meetings were held : Mr. Fuilarton's house, and knowit that one would take place on the ne: day. Wynyard determined to spec in the presence of the head master; i least it could never be said then thi he had taken any underhand adva tage. The business of the board was near over when, to the surprise of « assembled, the door opened and Wy yard entered the room. " I am sorry to intrude upon you said he, "but I have something impoi ant to say. A report is going aboi that the scholarships of the collei are being traded upon, and I boj that you will assure the directors tin it is false." " How dare you come into the roo and make such a charge beofre a face !" exclaimed Mr. Fullarton, lea ing up from his chair in a fury. "It would have been worse if I hi made it behind your back," said Wy yard quietly ; " nor have I made ar charge; I have only spoken of report." " Ir, is scandalous, perfectly scandi ous I'' said Mr. Fullarton, his fury n a whit abated ; "but I am sure that'i one will listen to him," he added, tur ing to the directors. " His negligen and insolence are beyond bearing, ai I have no doubt that this is some ph to worm himself iuto my daughtei affections. I have had to blame h more than once for standing up f him." The colour rushed over Wynyart face ; he had thought that his love f Rose was hidden from every eye, ai even the rapture of knowing that si had interceded for him was dulled I the agony of having his most sa cr feelings dragged into the light of da Before he had recovered bimse Mr. Bridport began to speak. " If you will believe me, Fullartor ! he said, " you are doing yourself great deal of harm hy your hehavioi ! Wynyard has merely given you opportunity of correcting unpleasa I rumours. You have no right to bri your daughter's name into such a d i cussion ; but I can onli*ay that if is anxious to gain her affections, has shown that his sense of duty stronger than his personal feelings. I am sure that you agree with n Reid," he added, turning to 1 I neighbour. Reid said nothing ; his face \i ¡ whiter than Wynyard's and mi I agitated than Fuilarton's ; it wai 1 bitter moment for him, all the bittei for the years of self-esteem that h preceded it. "There is only one thing to be don said Faulkner, who had not ] spoken. "We had better adjpurn the meeting and make a thorough inquiry into these reports." No one felt more relief at this respite than Reid. It was only a respite, he kuew ; for if an investigation was made, Fullarton would be found guilty, and there was little hope that his own part in the matter would not be made public. However, some means of escape might be devised, and, anyhow, it was sometbing to gain time. But as* he sat at breakfast the next morning a note from Fullarton was brought to him. One rapid glance was enough to tell him its contents-the head master was gone, unable to meet the ordeal ot investigation. His first thought was one of thank- fulness that, though Fullarton was thus proved guilty, his own reputation stood unimpaired in the eyes of the world. His second thought was one which made him leave his unfinished breakfast and hurry away to the college ; if Hose were left behind, desolate and unbefriended, he might find a hearing for his love at last ! Rose was seated in the drawing room, her face hidden in her hands, and she hardly looked up in answer to his greeting. ' " Rose-dear Rose !'' he said, his stern voice quivering and breaking with excess of feeling. " You aro not alone ; I know all tbat has happened, and I will never turn my back on you. You shall Hud shelter in my love from your own loneliness and your father's disgrace." Rose lifted her head and looked at him, and a sudden fear shot through Reid's heart. "You speak of my father's disgrace," she said ; "you forget your own shure in it. Only yesterday he told me-" Her voice sank and she could not finish. Reid looked at her despairingly, unable to find defence or excuse ; and as he walked away from the scene of his discomfiture he felt that he could never know any worse moment, what- ever life might have, in store for him. He had worked for two great ends and he had missed'them both-the college was ruined, and Rose was lost to him for ever. And yet so inconsistent is human nature that, wben the fortunes of the college began to revive under Wyn yard's able management, Reid would rather have seen it fail a hundred times than owe its success to the man whose conduct* had put his own to shame. One last misery alone was spared him : the rumour of his disgrace never went abroad. No ghost from the past rose up to trouble him ; Fullarton never returned from his voluntary exile, and Rose never allowed the secret to escape her lips. Not even tc Wynward did she tell it, when he followed her to the friends with wlioni she had found shelter and brought hei back as bis bride. Conscience alone was Reid's accuser, and the mon leniently he was dealt with by other! the more severely it tortured him witt remorse. But as the years passed \vway thi unfailing kindness that he met witt from the head master and his wifi softened his frost-bound heart. B] slow but sure degrees Wynyard wo! him back to his former interest in th college, and Rose, by her sweet an delicate sympathy, showed him tha he might triumphantly rise abctf'è th mistakes of the past. 