A CONSECRATION SERVICE. A large number of people, mainly members of the Anglican Churches at Perth, Fremantle, Subiaco, Claremont, and Cottesloe on Sunday met at Karra- katta, where the Anglican portion of the cemetery was impressively consecrated. The ceremony commenced on the arrival Cf the 8.30 p.m. trains from Perth and Fremantle, when Bishop Riley was mel at the entrance by the elerey. The chairman of the Cemetery Board (Mr. J. W. Hackett, M.L.C.) read a petition from the congregations of St. George' gt. Alban's, St. Bartholomew's, St. John's, St. Mary's, and St. Paul's Churches of Perth, Subiaco, Claremont, and Cottesloe, asking to have the fouria ground consecrated. The Bishop in- timated his willingness to proceed wita the consecration, and requested Mi . . Hackett, as chairman of the trustees of the cemetery, to lead the procession. »With Mr. Hackett was Mr. J. H. Hun1:, the secretary of the Cemetery Board, and the curator (Mr. Campbell). Then followed the choirs from the Caths-lial and St. Alban's, Highgate, and SU Luke's, Cottesloe, under the directi m o* Mr. D'Arcy-Irviue (the Cathedral or- ganist). The clergy came next, amongst those present being Dean Goldsmith, Archdeacons Watkins and Howell Gri- ffith, Canons Louch, Croser, and Gar- land, Revs. R. H. Moore, T. McClemans, W. J. McClemans, T. Nesbitt, W. F. Marshall, J. Needham, A. G. Cutts, T. Peters, J. Ellis, F. J. Price, the last three being the Dean, Canon Garland bearing the pastoral staff, and the Bis- hop. The procession, which was follow- ed by a larere number of people, wended its way round the burial ground singing hymns and psalms. After the circuit had been completed, a halt was made in the shade of one of the big trees near thc entrance, and the Bishop repeated the Lord's Prayer, the people joining in. The first lesson from Genesis, ch. xxiii., was read by Archdeacon Watkins, and after a psalm the second lesson was read by the Dean. The singing of "Nunc Di mittis " was followed by tue declaration of the Apostles' Creed. The collect fol- lowed, and then the Bishop, taking the pastoral staff in hand, pronounced the consecration as follows : -"By virtue of our sacred office ia the Church of God, wc do now consecrate and forever set apart from all profane and common uses this ground to be the resting-place of the dead, until the glorious resurrection of the last day. in the name of the Father, and of the Son. and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." The deed of consecration was then read hy the Registrar (Canon Gar- land), the united choirs singing the hymn 'They whose course on earth is oer." The Bishop then made a brief address to the assemblage. He thought they were all probably aware that the general ceme- tery had been granted to the people by the Crown. The board of management of the cemetery had portioned out cer- tain lots to the various churches. They Si ked to have their burial grounds conse- crated, and on behalf of the people and on his own behalf he wished tc extend their frateful thanks to the board and he oped that Mr. Hackett would convey to the other members of the board their thanks for "ranting them a perpetual lease of the wound. Consecrations of cemeteries did no harm to anvone, but it was a -ious, old custom of the mother -xountry, and they were accordingly grateful to those who had permitted them having the service that day. He hoped that the example set on this occa- sion would be followed by all the other cemetery boards in the colony, EO that thev could have ali their burial grounds consecrated. In the first lesson read they had evidence of the purchase by money of a burial-place for tho dead. « The Jews had taken care to obtain a rest inrt-place for those that died. A ceme- tery was a resting-place where their loved ones could rest uutil the last day. Now that they had certain proof of the resurrection day, he thought that tho funerals should be made more bright, and cheerful, and he would like to see fune- rals made moro sii;ip!e. A few flowers used to bs sent by th<? friends of the bereaved" peoDle as evidence of goodwill, but-when flowers bad to be purchased, he thoqght it was a great tax on the people. In connection with the funeral service, he spoke of the difficulty of getting the people to join in. There was one want .the* wished to have supplied. . They wanted a cemetery chapel belonging to themselves, where they could hold a ser- vice, instead of in the open, in the heat of summer and cold of winter. He had no doubt that, as he had now mentioned it, someone would come forward and assist them to have the chapel supplied. He desired to thank the cemetery offi- cials for the thoughtfulness they had shown and for the care and attention they had bestowed- on the cemetery. They should come there with joy and gladness, in the knowledge that though the saints had been gathered in, they would meet them again on the bright shore of the beyond. It was because they believed in the resurrection that they could go on hopefully. Another hymn followed, and the Bishop having pronounced the Benediction, the cere- mony terminated. 