THE BERMON. THE CHRISTIAN'S ATTITUDE TO WARDS THE ANIMAL NATURE, OR THE FLESH. By YES. AKCHDEACON LANGLEY. "They tliat are Christ's have crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts."-Galatians v. 24. Christianity is not a set of doctrines, though a set of doctrines is necessary to understand It. It ia not a mere philo sophy, though it teaches the purest philo sophy the world knows. It is not mere connection with a church, though when real it makes , church connection true and vital. Christianity is a life; a new life called by St. Paul a new creation-a life where old things pass away, and all things become new. God's life-a life given from God, a communication of divine power and love, given by the Holy Spirit. The life of God in the human soul jaanifested in human experience and testimony. It is the Kingdom of God set up in the individual soul-"righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost." It begins with righteousness; peace can only be attained, and maintained, on the basis of ftiU satisfaction of God's righ teousness-peace on the basis of righteous ness. This can only be, as it has been well stated, by "God coming to judicial peace with us? and we brought to submissive peace with Him." When we are brought to submissive peace with God, when we - give up our enmity and yield ourselves wholly to Him, the strong desire of our lives is to live a life of practical righteous ness before God. What follows? The life of sin is re nounced. A result-the most direct result of our individual spiritual union with Christ is OUB ATTITUDE TOWARDS SIX. The very reality of our Christian life is found here. "They that are Christ's have crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts." I. We find in these words of St. Paul the statement of a distinct position-"They that are Christ's." Remember, they were written to the members of a professedly Christian church-a church that had, more over, the privilege of St. Paul's own teach ing, yet even here he makes the position quite "plain: the words are emphatic, "They that are Christ's." He implies, surely, that 6ome are Christ's and some are not; "not all Israel are of Israel." There are ever the tares and the wheat, some who are, and some who are not, the children of the Kingdom. There are the wise and the iooliek virgins;. those who have not only the lamp of profession, but the oil of divine grace-the presence of the Holy Spirit; and those who have the lamp but no oil-no inward spiritual life. The need for making this very important distinction is greater now than in St. Paul's days. Those that came out to Christ then had to suffer persecution,and there was naturally much less danger of mere profes sion without reality, than there is to-day, when it is a very decent and proper thing to be a professing Christian. "Examine yourselves; see whether ye be in the faith. St. Paul writes to the Corinthian church. May I not say the same to you? St. Paul makes the clear distinction between spiritual men and carnal, tlrose led by the Spirit and those dominated by the flesh. The true believer is led by the Spirit. He walks in the Spirit; not merely does he give himself up to the constant guidance of the Spirit, but he walks by the light of the same Divine Person. He brings the light of the Divine Spirit to bear on each step he takes. . , Thus he brings forth the fruit of the Spirit-not the fruits, as it is often wrongly quoted, but the fruit. It is all one-ont grace < grows out of another- lore, joy, peace, long suffering-all are of that same Spirit working a spiritual growth to the glory of God. All are from one stem. The works of the flesh are forcibly con trasted with this fruit of the Spirit. Mark the force of the difference. The works of the flesli are the natural result of sin, developing in the nahiral as distinct from the spiritual man. _ The .fruit of the spirit is the result of union with God, not of nature, but by graee. ^ ,, I In a word, works of the flesh are the natural result of the evil within us; Hie fruit of the Spirit is the result of a vital connection established between us and our Divine risen Lord. _ , , , " , Examine yourselves. Works of the flesh or fruit of the .spirit; which ofthe two are in evidence? They that are Christ's have crucified the ftesfc. . , .. , II. This, then,, is the attitude of all who are Christ's towards the flesh. They have ^But^any nsk what is the flesh that we are called.upon to crucify? f,fc , animal nature, which, uncontrolled, leads to the works of the flesh. The self- hfe lending to breaking the holy law of Goa. The carnal nvmd Irving for earthly tilings, lower aims; deba»ing ambitions, pride, so out of place mmen such as we are. fctuay the works of the flesh, and remember that behind them is a condition of mind that e~er leads us to indulge in niem. Ine mind, at enmity against God, that keeps us in opposition to the purity, the truth, the deep, hujjulity that God wants to see in us-that, is the flesh. It is the .lower anirual nature which leads to' Bin, to be detested of all men, such as adultery and drunkennfess. But more, it is ike mental condition that leads us away from God, to follow our natural bent, to put other things in God s place, or to seek in know Him, pr the .future He has. »6t:gisclGKed . in ,vra£S that are offensive to Him (as idolatry and witch-; craft), or which leads to the gratification ! of those feelings of pride or -anger that are so natural , to some of us-hatred, emula tion, wrathj"'strife, and so on. Here ig ? " ? OUU GREAT EKEMY. Satan-uses it, tempting,as by that which ie, within. The world leads because the wijrljl in the Scripture senae is only power-, i ful bectase'ft has the traitor within the Sow hard it is tQ ^ght,f\, HQW- many slaves to the powqjr of ^me ara ^eady to give lap'1a. im possible for me «v|bi&$88Hije. fV,'wretched man tbatf^i ^anlj who snfll -fleliver" jgfte from: AftM* <rfithis deafy?JpiW. die story of the awful punishment of the dead body strapped to the living tillthe dead corrupted the living, and the rtiwer able mail perished-a condition hor rible and: loathsome in the extreme. So It is witfi the, flesh. Well may we cry, "0. misery, who shall deliver?" Thank God there is ' deliverance, a fall deliverance. This is the great ethical truth of the gospel.. Christ can deliver. How, you ask?; "I£ i I could only get this deliverance 1 it would be more to me than all the world beside." Jesus died for the very purpose of your deliverance-""to rave His -people from their sins," to destroy the works of the devil. "He is able to save even to the uttermost." 'They that are Christ's have crucified the flesh." To understand what St. Pari means we mjjst understand what he teaches about union with Christ. "I have been crucified with Christ-yet I live. Not I, but Christ within me." The first step is &> nee your union with Christ, and what it involves, lite Lord Jesus came, lived, Buffered, and died for us as our head and representative. His death was accepted for us. We are united with Him in HiB death. Go to Geth semane and Calvary. See the awful agony of the sin- bearer. Remember your union with Him. He is dying for you; you are represented there, in His death. You are forgiven, accepted, because you are in Him. "Accepted in the beloved." Mystically, but very really-you die in Him. Tne death due to sin passes on Him, passes on you, passes from you, because you are united by a living faith to Him. Sin, the working of the flesh in you and all other members of His body, put Him to that awful shame and agony. You die in His death. This is no fiction-it is a great spiritual fact. Sin is your enemy because His, your beloved Saviour, has put away sin by the sacrifice of Himself. Here is your hope. "Reckon yourself dead indeed unto sin, but alive unto God through Jesus Christ our Lord." What does this mean? Treat the flesh as dead, expect deliverance. Put sin and the flesh away as a thing which, if allowed, "will crucify the Son of God afresh, and put Him to an open shame." Exercise Bimple faith in. God's power in Jesus Christ, not only to take sin away, but also to take the power of evil from your heart and mind. Enter fully into the idea that you are dead with Christ, and by death are separated from the flesh. Be lieve that God does now, according to His promise, dwell with you and in you, and you are, in fact, dead with Christ, but alive in Him also, and that He gives, as you trust Him, a new life, a new power. There is, however, something more, we are told. They that are Christ's have crucified the flesh, but more, "the affections and lusts." We are not to be content merely with the divine principle here set before us. The flesh is to be regarded as nailed to the cross to die, but also all that goes with it-the affections and lusts -all manifestations of the flesh life as they appear. The Americans have con quered Cuba, but there are still manifes tations of rebellion; these arc dealt with as they come up; so it is in the Christian life. We are crucified with Christ, the flesh is put in the place of death, and as each manifestation comes, as sin arises, as; we see the sign of any rebellion, back to I the cross with it. All affections, all love of sin as it comes, put it there; you have nothing to do with it, you cannot allow it, you cannot touch it, it is nailed to the cross. The lusts and the desires of the flesh have.implanted the habits of evil-all all; don't spare one, don't spare yourself. If you feel it a pain to put them away, to crucify them, the more need to do it. Hate "the garments spotted by the flesh." Crucifixion was a slow and a lingering death. There will always be the danger lest we forget our place of security and deliver ance. Let the flesh reassert itself, as it may at any time: let us allow any one of the affections and lusts of the flesh to re main uncrucified, and our hope of deliver ance is in vain. Here is full deliverance. Like all victories wrought by God, there is deliverance, but it is to faith. Trust Hun, as you put all away, to keep it all on the cross, and you will understand how the Lord by the Spirit has all power in the moral and spiritual sphere, and He can make you more than conquerors. j THOROUGHNESS NECESSARY TO SUCCESS, j All this you will perceive needs thorough, real, decisive work. It is a battle; then kill the soul's foes. In this warfare there must be ao quarter to the enemy; no toleration of the traitor, the spy; no dealing tenderly with the adversaries that would take your life. No saying "Lead us not into temptation," and then walking on the border land when it lurks, much les9 running into the centre of it. Your soul's life, deliverance from sin. is the one thing of all other you need. There is only one can give it you. But _He can. He has done it for others. He did it for St. Paul. He did it for St. Augustine, when the sinner became the saint. His great purpose in redemption is to make you saints-not only bv justification, but by sanctification. To make you clearly, evidently the sons of God. "He has given you exceeding great and precious promises, that by these ye might be partakers of the divine nature having escaped the corruption which is in the world through lust." Yes, here is His purpose-His glorious purpose-your freedom. Trust Him then. Step out on the waters of life, expecting Him to do what seems imposible-to make you strong, valiant, and victorious. There is one sure mark of the work of I divine grace in us-that we want this de liverance. Have you that evidence of the working of the Holy Spirit of God? If any man have not the spirit of Christ he is none of His. Are we His? Ours may be victory. Th<» captain leads. He was never overcome. The host of redeemed then is strong because on almighty spirit dwells in them. We ean succeed; we can obtain the victory-because such is the purpose of God for all the ransomed, hojst of the select. 