Short Story. Tho Spawn of Fortune. RJoncluUctl.) Thft'AtmflKur had started to his feet, nfe'cyc© great nnd full or lire, 'his hands clinched above ids head. Whirling roiyid and facing Arthur BrackenbrUlgc lie demanded : " Wliy would you kill yourself V I have lost -my fortuue, and — " " What Is that ? You talk of cowards! I ..thought you valhm't, you thought younsclf go I Bali 1 why waste good powder, and ball. You fear, to live be cause, perchance, your circumstances 1111 v nnt 1m mi 'rt i» at nlo.innnt n« for- merly. Sordid coward." '"It's not altogether a matter of money," faltered tho young man. The stranger kept his eyes fixed upon iiim. " There's a warrant-— " " Theu you arc a criminal 7' "No, I am not" "WJiylflic warraut ?" "My partner has landed us both iu fraudulent bankruptcy " ".Are, you innocent 7' " Absolutely." " And you fear ?" "Well, there is as much shame as fear — " You are vain as well as "a coward." "To be the principal in a criminal trial is no pleasant experience ; at least, so J ga flier from itJie newspapers." The .heavy man sat down again and gazed at Brackenbridge contemptu ously.. " Young man, what n craven you would- have mo 'believe you. Your cowardice is so great that you arc •will ing to stamp yourself guilty by self- nnd confound them. On my soul I am surprised you ventured out alone to kill yourself. >1 should have thought you would have Implored some one' to come Wl6h you while you 'took "the leap in tho dark. Why were you V.lven youth, strength, health, good strong arms nnd sound heart if they were not Intended to overcome obstacles ? Think ! would it not be greater fai to step out before tho.iwbrld and say, 'Here am' I, an honest man ; where are .my accusers Y rather than to lie on tho floor of a railway car riage -with a -wreath of powder-smoke for a crown ?" " Yes, but you see, my dear sir, to-day there has been a focussing of all that is unfortminto for mo. M.v whole fortune Is gone ; the fact that it has beeu lost causes the police to ' want' me, and the fnct.tlmt.thc police 4 want me has lost mor-well " "Out with It! Lost you what ?" Arthur Brackenbridge did hot ihtend ro isny more, but the stranger's com manding gaze and Imperative question left him powcrio'ss to resist. At every station he -prayed that some one would cuter the conijmrtmont, but the Under ground ,1s a contrary hue. No one dis turbed tlhem. '""What else have you lost?" demanded the heavy man V" "«Well, to 'out with it" as 7 tan ask— the girl to whom il am engaged— or wan." . . The stranger threw back his head and hurst into n flood of laughter u'herelu there was no ghost of. n 'trace of mirth. Brackenbridge felt indignant at the sarcastic levity -of his new found combatant, but said nothing. .. " Girl," 'the heavy man shouted. " Pine girl, (Indeed, that will break her promise because you've lost, a pound. She gave you her word and-now tells you to your face tlftut rflie-wttl not keep It." "She lines noL. I tell you she— she, 1 - " But you have just tflils minute said She told you to go aibont' your busi- iicsw- — " " I said nothing of the sort." " Then how know .you that you have lost Iter?" Brackenbridge was silent. " Lift us be honest one to the other. Answer me : ITow knew you ?" "llcr guardian, hci ainit, 'told ane." ' " 'My young friend, take flw advice of \- one who fin's seen, experienced, learned. IIutc -m> dealings, with » woman . through a woman— never. Give me that revolver, you have in your breast pocket." Tbo L-evolver was weakly passed over. " Now we arc coming to Earl's Court Station. Got out ; be a man ; walk up . to 'Che first. poUcoman yoti meet— or, bet ter still, hail a hjiiisoru, and tell cabby to drive to 'the nearest police station. Say to the Inspector, 41 hear there is a warrant out for me. I have come to give mysoir up, if you want me.' " " By George ! 1 don't like to do It, yon, know— I swear I don't ; but 1 (sup pose your iirivlcl -is good. I must say I do not fancy passing through the ma- ciilnery of justice— the stinking i#oIiee colls and maybe tins stinking Old Bailey nnd the stinking LloUowny as well. Dou't like the idea, I say." . - ".Nonsense. 1 have little doubt that youMl . And the plank bed lu tho cells mohf entertaining at. -least than the .stone siirb of the ihorgue." "'Doq't :«peak of It,.' sir— not another word,' I hadn't thought of that, 'pon mysoulMriidiift. You hiako iny flesh creep."- Tho titrjinger grinned for the fifst- tfliue. ;Arthur IBnfckenbHdge rea'ched for.hls.Ui'nt, nnd reluctantly left; .the ' carriage'. . He stood for, a moment, '5iis "back to tlitt eompnrtuicrtt ahd'diis.'hand still on- the door. Turning, lio aid': " Yes, you're Tight.' til do -It ;/ I'lli give myself up and sec what becomes vof . mc.- 'Uiy- name is dirackenbrluge ; -/you wllh .without a doubt, see. it 'appear ofteu .cuotigh iln the newspapers during the. next month, or no. But, whatever becomes of .ine, you, sir, have saved my life. "Whethcr you libra done me n good turn or an evil one has yet to be seen ; but to-night, ait least, I am grateful, very grateful. That slab keeps recur ring to my mliid, yOti know; nnd— well, good-bye, any friend, nnd God bless you, sir, .God bless you 1" The . two men clasped bands, gazing Into 'one another's -face earnestly ninl long. '.The train sto1""" =dth Its usual, wracking jerk. The heavy man is. ..ddlcd in the corner. Iris brows contracted, nrnw fohl- .. ed,- and. Ills eyes Jixed.ou his dancing foot. The train arrived at nnd departed front West Kensington Station, illo slipped Ills hand Into his breast pocket, and slowly drew forth the revolver. The' imizsflo smelt blood ; it looked Mowl.' Without <me ' glance 'at : the weapon, but 'hnndllng it ns a usurer . lumillcss it gold ormuiu'iit, he muttered : "Taken one life, 'wired one life. Surely tho one shouUrbalaticeUhe other. But ho uays ' No, not one life, but two you Have taken— two I two ! your vic tim's and your own.! I bellcyve he is as right iu my case" as 1 wasjin his, and the balance Is against im\ ugninst uue— hopelessly against tue ; against nic now anil for all eternity. Hi suhl to me. 'God bless you. sir!' 1 think that is of good ouien. lie is the last I shall meet on this earth, and be said 'Gud bless you, sir 1' " With his thumb be drew back the hammer of the weapon until it "clicked".' twice. " 1 may ns well end my flight by in stantaneously putting myself out of reach of my pursuers ; nnd It Is better that I do It with the young man's words ringing 1n my ears.. He was dying to his death; 1 from <1111110\. lie found life; 1 find — " A't Hammersmith Station rhe travel lers by the <1111111 gathered round the compartment, to stand rip-toe and peer Into it while Ulie guards were lifting the corpse up from Its sorrowful <o1- lapse; ana next morning s papers con tained the news of flic suicide of the llrcivVs Inn imiimlnriM- Mini the nrivst nf Arthur Bmckeubrldge.— " The Liul- gatc." 