CHAPTER XVII. Tin: Man Fnoir the Sea. FTEIt parting with her lover at the house door, and making au appointment with him for the next after* noon, Annie was in the seventh heaven of delight; all the ner vous apprehension she had oucc felt had departed oh the'bright blaze of her new happiness. She hugged and kissed her friend, the little dress maker, she laughed, she sang aloud, with a buoyancy and abandon that fairly astoun ded Mrs. Major tiarthorne; and that even ing at the dinner-table, surrounded by the admiring members of the Tenterden circle, and .dressed like a duchess in the prettiest evening costume she possessed, she foiriv gave way to merriment. When she re tired to rest her heart was still bounding jovfully, as if to the sound of wedding bells. he next morning she rose early, and after breakfast was over put on a sealskin jacket and hat to match, and announced that she was going out for a walk. Bess volunteered to accompany her, while Mrs. Garthonie suggested that they should go together in tiia carriage, but Annie in formed them with a happy- smile that 6he h alone. would rather go forth "I want to bo by myself/' she said. "I don't want anyone" to talk to, or to talk to me! I shall be back to lunch, if I'm not run away with or run over." So saying, sho tripped downstairs and into the" street. It was fine clear wintry weather, and the sun was shining almost brightly through the clouds of Bloomsbury, as she made her way northward, reached tho Euston Road, and then turned west ward in the direction of Regent's Park. In stinct' guided her in that direction, for she was very fond of the Park, but on the present occasion she was too full of her own pleasant thoughts to mind much whither she was going. . All she knew was that the day was fine, her spirits high, the blood flowing gladly in her veins. So full did the dark city seem of music that it ought have been alive with singing birds. Sho walked with a light elastic step, as she had walked on the lonely flats of Con vey Island. She would have sung aloud, only that she felt that if she did so the peoplo might wonder 1 For the rest, she was in Dreamland ;• too full of her own sweet thoughts to notice tho houses or the shops, or the clattering vehicles, or the faces that passed by. Almost before she knew, she had entered the Park gate, and was wandering up the main avenue in the direction of the Zoological Gardens. The place was very quick Here and there was a nursery maid wheeling a perambu lator, and here and there a few playing children. She walked on and on, ana fonna herself at last, after passing over the open space to the right of the Park, standing and looking at the ornamental water near to the Western Gate. i She sat down on a seat and mused, gaz-: ing at the water. It was sparkling in the winter sunshine, and everywhere upon it the aquatic fowl were busy. . The cry of a tame brent goose from one of the tiny islands reminded her of Canvey, and when a pair of docks sped quacking by, high over her head, and alighted with a splosh on a distant part of the lake, she was transported in imagination to the lonely flats and marshes at the' mouth of the Thames. She was a girl again, amid the loneliness of sky and water; London with its sights and*sounds had faded utterly away. And yet, though it was still the old life, it was different, for Heaven had opened, and something bright and beauti ful, the vision of her dreams, bad de scended. What more did she want in all the worjd, now he had told her that he loved her, and had avowed in the presence of his friends that he had chosen her to be his wife? She recalled the scene at the studio, and laughed as she thought of Buf-, ton's stupefaction. She had no need to dread auv change in her lover that might come of later knowledge, for he knew, she herself had told him, the stoir of her life. Remembering this, her thoughts turned back quite gently to the man who had been to her a kind of foster-father. After all, be had not destroyed her happiness; rather, he had created it. She owed him everything, even perhaps the love of her Prince Charming; and he had done her the last supreme service of all, by passing out of her life as mysteriously as he had entered it long, long'ago. The Park was almost deserted at that early hour. So still -and quiet was it that she might have imagined herself seated on the sea-wall at Canvey a^d listening to the sea. A pair of black swans came to the water's edge and looked at her; she gazed at them smilingly, absorbed iu her own thoughts. So rapt was she in pleasant meditation that she did not notice a stealthy figure ! moving quietly towards her over the grass behind her scat. It had followed her like a shadow from the moment when she had left the door of Tenterden's; quiet, tena i clous, like an animal pursuing its quarry I and certain of securing it, it had crept be* ihind her through the streets. When she had entered the Park, it had followed be hind her still, at a greater distance, and \- for somo minutes it had been standing i watching her, partly hidden by a cltynp of trees. The figure of a man iu sailor's cos* tume, with tattoo marks on his hands and heavy rings iu his ears. The man who had ' seen and followed her on the previous day. Ho was now approaching, her swiftly, with that curious easy motion of one who is barefooted. In another moment he was close to her side and looking down at her. She started, looked round, and met his eyes. At the same moment she heard his voice: "Annie! Anniedromedy 1" She leapt to her feet and would have screamed, only something like a cold hand gripped her heart and seemed to stifie her. , Uhastiy pale, she tottered and shrank back, j looking at him in horror, while he made ] a movement as if to take her in his arms, liken hesitating,stood smilingawkwardiyat ! her, his white teeth gleaming, his black 'eyes full of wistful admiration, i *"Anniedromedy!" be repeated. "My gel | —my little gel! * My little lady! Don't ye j know me? It's me—Matt Watson!" How dark and horrible the world grew! j it was as if a black cloud had passed sud j denly over the sun, veiling the happy light. She "stood fascinated, shrinking and shud | deriug, unable to believe the evidence of llicr eyes; then, vrith a faint gasping cry, | she sank half- swooning on the seat. { Something iu her look, her manner, j seemed to troublo him. She seemed so dif < ferent, too, from the girl he had left bc ? hind him. She was so fair and delicate, so elegantly dressed. But his hesitation only j lasted for a moment. With a low laugh he i threw himself ou the seat by her side, and throwing his arm round her drew her to him. She moaned and tried to release her self, but he held her firmly. She could feel | his heavy breath upon her. "I've startled ye, Anniedromcdy. But don't von be afcaru! It's me right"enough, come home at last! Come, let me look at ve, my dear—let me look at the little gel I've made a lady on. I should ha' knowed ye anywheres—ay, in a shipload o' people. I knowed yc the minute I saw ye in the street!" I "Let me go!" she cried. "Don't touch | me! Don't speak to me I 0 God, it can't be you 1" | He released her in a moment and sat . gazing at her, with a strange wistful light | on his dark suntanned face. I "It's me right ecouga, my gel!" he said I quietly.' " I thought—I thought yon were dead I" "I was near it, Anniedromedy," he re plied. "Many and many a long watch I lay out yonder in Californy, and they thought once that I'd slipped my cable. I But 1 thought of you a-waiting for me here in England,, and I was worth a dozen dead 'una! My gel! My lady 1 I've eomc back 1 I lauded tlirco days ago at Gravescnd, and here I am!" Horrified, fascinated, she turned her face towards him at last, and looked at biro in wondering tenor. Yea, it was real! He was older and more worn-looking, but in other respects he was unchanged. She re membered the weather-beaten face, the great eager eves, the savage mouth, the ear-rings, the tattoo marks on the power ful hands. How often had she pictured them to herself, daring the Tears that he had been away. Go drew a pouch from his pocket, and taking out a piece of negro head tobacco, cut off a piece with a large sailor's knife, then, as ne closed the knife and put the quid in his mouth, he said: "You don't seem over glad to see me, neither! Maybe because you're a lady now, and I'm a'bit rough and ready. Well, it's my fault, my gel! I should ha' warned you as I was coming! But I'd a notion to giTe you a surprise, like! Well, well, won't ye shake hands, my dear, and tell mo ye ain't sony l'm come back?" What could she do? She reached out her hand timidly. He seized it with both his hands and held it firmly but gently, goring eagerly at her. His eyes were fail of tears. "I never thought to see ye again, my lass," he murmured in a broken voice, "1 thought I was booked for Kingdom come, and all my thought then was for my little gel at home. I did the right thing by yc, didn't I, Anniedromcdy? I sent ye all I had in gold and dollars, and when I lay a-dying I made over everything to the littlo gel at heme. 'Mind,' says I, 'she gets it all—gold and land, stock and dol lars. Her name's Anniedromedy Watson,' says I, * and she lives with old Job Endell on Convey Island. She's my wife,' says I, 'my little wife as I married in Uraves end before I came away lost voyage.' And they took it down, and they made it all right accordin' to' law, and I signed my name to it afore witness es-r-Matt Watson, Englishman, his last will and testament, aforo ho goes to face his God 1" She listened shuddering. Every word he uttered was like a knife-point thrust into her heart. When ho uttered, the word "wife", her horror and replusion almost stifled her, but she continued to look At him, with eyes wide open and lips apart. His face brightened, and forcing a nervous laugh, he continued: iiut it'a all ngnt now, Anniearomeuy: I didn't die that journey, but 1 got up dazed and stupid, like a chap as has been lying drowned at the bottom of the sea. It was znaoy a Jong day afore 2 was ft to travel, and 'twas a long road, many a day's journey up among the mountains, and I'd to sell out my claim, and what they call? ' rcaliso my property,* afore I started for home. Well, I done it at last. 1 done it, and came away a rich man,- with more money lor my little gel than ever she can spend; and now I'm here, there's nothing she shan't have that money can't get fat her all the days of her life! I kept it for her, and it's hers to spend. Yes, it s yours, Annicdromedy; so you needn't be afraid, but I'll keep ye a lady sliU." "How did you know 1 was here';" she asked faintly. "Why, 1 waited for ye outride all the morning," he replied, smiling, "and thcr. I followed ye, my dear.1" "I mean in London.. How did you know I was in London?" "Why this ways," answered the sailor. Moment 1 landed 1 went down river to Canvey Island, and found old dob and the missis. When they see me thcr thought 1 was a ghost! But 1 up and cries to them. 'Where's my Annie?' And then they told me you was living in London and enjoying of yourself; and old Job was for coming with me to search for vc. But I laughed and I says to him, *Vou leave that to mc, mate; I'll find her out myself and give her a surprise,' says I; and 1 thinks to myself, * 1 11 take a look at her first on the sly, and not let on as I'm alive.' And the night afore last 1 waited outside the house and wondered if I should knock at the door and ask for my little .gel; but I peeped through the window and see you sitting and smiling in fine clothes among your swell fricuds. And thinks I to mvself, * There's no hurry, I'U fcait a bit V ^Thcn yesterday J see you in the street, though tou didn't see me—you was too busy talk ing with a gentleman! Yes, you was u laughing and a-tallring, but I was faltering behind you all the time!" Ho still held her hand and his grip tightened, -while the wistful expression on his face suddenly changed to one of fierce sus picion. Drawing her towards him and look ing foil into her eyes be said : "There's odo thing I'm a-going to ask my gel! Who was the gentleman you was a-talking to yesterday?" She tried to release her hand, bat he held it firmly. "A friend," she said. "A friend," he echoed, "Well, that's right enough ! But afore yon parted, my gel, he kissed you, as if he'd been your brother. He kissed you on the cheek, Anniedromedy! Maybe that's the fashion among the fine folk here in London, and if so I've jio call to say nothing about it; but I want, ye to tell me, fnir and square, why he done it?" The sudden question and the keen look which accompanied it seemed to break the spell which nad hitherto held her. Her own face darkened, and the black line of her eyebrows, always so evident in mo ments of passion, gathered suddenly. With a sudden movement and oh exclamation she tore herself free, and sprang frowning to her feet. He did not rise, but kept his eyes fixed upon her, while he shot a stream of tobacco juice from between his teeth* " There's no call to be angry, my gel,** he said quietly. "I ain't angry, ret. Bati you've got to tell me, fair and square again, who that friend of yourn is, and why he kissed ye when you shook hands.1"• &he; turned away with a slight hysterical ranch. . ' ' That's my business," she said ner« vously. "I'm not afraid of yon or any man, * Matt Watson! The gentleman's ck friend of mine*—that's all." " Does he know you're a wedded woman* Anniedromedyf" asked the sailor, still verj quietly. . "I'm not!" cried -—rue. "You're" my wife, Anniedromedy 1 W# was married in Gravesend aforo I went' away i" "A marriage that doesn't count," she murmured. { "Don't it, by —!" cried the man, ri ing and showing his white teeth. "Then if it don't, we will have one that does count' right away. Don't be afe&red;," he com] tinned, seeing her shrink as if from a blow, "I ain't angry, I tell ye—I'm too down-' right glad to see my little gel again. And] I don't blame ye" neither, if maybe ya' thought I was dead and buried, and wouldn't never come back! But hero' I am, and here I'm a-going to stay; and , you're my wife—Anniedromedy Watson, aa was married to me-in church afore wit* nesscs, and ths man ain't born as shaft come between you and me!" 