Pars in Parliament. Duo to tho drought, or drouth, woo Mr. Ka ten's motion pressing tho necessity for Inquiry concerning" tho conservation of wntor whioh folio from above, and tho sonrfihinnr for and the. conservation of tho venter stored holour, togothor with irrigation, tho correla tive of both in certain relations. In the years of avorago rainfall tho matter is compara tively forgotten, but whon rainless years come upon 11s, and our bonis and tlochsnro stricken, then do wo turn with saddened fuoo to tho question of conservation of water. Wo then wish to work at tho business at tip-top speed. "Comparatively forgotten" is tho- saving phrase used above, for tho forgetting has not been absolute. Again and again tho matter has beou mentioned in tho 1 1 speech from the- throno," und our geological esperts have examined largo portions of tho surface of Qtiocmdand in order to indicate areas where underground rosorvoirs of water might ho oxpeotcd to be found. Mr. Kates made good points in his plead ing that tho subject should receivo th9 serious attention of the country. Ho showed what had been dono in other countries and in some parts of our own, making special referenoe to what had been accomplished by tho settlers on tho Alice Kivor uo>operativo eottlemont near Baroaldine. Some will re member the formation of that settlement at the timo of the shearers' strike. A fow, perhaps 20 or 30, hush workers wont into industrial retreat on tho banks of tho Alice, and sot themselves to grow vegetables for the people at Barcaldino. Secessions liuvo reduced tbo original settlers to about half a dozen, and those by aid of irrigation aro keeping themselves in fair comfort— .this by the way, and illustrativa. Tho discussion started two or three points of 80ine approach to tho humorous. Perhaps it wouid bo scarcely wiso so to designate the reference by ono of tho members to possibili ties or say tbo probabilities of our being able some day or other to bring about tho precipi tation of rain by means of concussion, say by tho firiDg of cannon,. or tho like. Tho refer- onco rovived the recollection of tho experiments oarnod out by that ardent scientist Professor Popper, a dozon or more years ago. White it cannot be said that tho professor gained so muoh fame by his attempt to concuss tho clouds, as ho did by his ghost, by tho latter his memory is green. The former is remembered with slight satisfaction. And yet tho futuro may liido within it tho realisation of this dream of forcing the clouds to givo up their aqueous burden. In this connection reminder may bo niado of Mr. Story's suggestion of possible legal difficulties which might arise out of the suc cessful exercise of tho concussing power. Suppose A batters tho clouds with liquid air, or somo other oxplosive, and that in rcsponso they purt with rain ; but sup pose further thut tho clouil, oblivious of tho surveyor's imaginary lines of demarcation between tho -property of B and that of A, deposits its rain on 'the pro perty of B and not on that of A, what is A's position? Can ho iuvado B's property in pursuit of the ruin ; or, failing that, can ho claim reimbursement of expenses? Tho House did not attempt to solve tho forensie conundrum. Then, Mr. W. Hamilton fell upon tho furourito "gag" about this conser vation of water idea as ono of tho planks of tho lahour platform. Whj', it had been a plank of tho national platform a century, inoro or less, belbro tho labour party or any of its several platforms were dreamed of. Mr. Kales's motion was passed on the voices, and thereupon, at 5.35, Mr. Fisher in judiciously raised a point respecting the pro cedure of tho chair in connection with ono of the four suspensions which on Monday inflicted such sad disgrace on tho subjects of the operation. When dealing with tho dis orderly spcccli and action of tho member for MitcholJ, a division was culled for, when the motion for suspension was put. But as there were only two Opposition members in the House — tho vest having withdrawn witlx scmo of tliut display of stage play so much loved by some, Mr. Speaker said the call for a division was frivolous, aud declared tho motion carried in tho aiiirinativo. Mr. Fisher moved that tho Speaker's procedmo was irregular. Tho Chief Seoretury spoko strongly and keenly on tho revival of tho subject. After tea, matters wore more livoly. Before tea tbo quietness made for soninoloncy ; after tea, vigilant wakefulness was tho only possiblo state of being. Tito subject was tho very oldproposul for a border line from War wick towards Goondiwiudi, about 24 miles. Mr. Murray'sttdvoeacyof thoresolnlion wusiiot ardent. Ho seemed to he oppressed with a fear of opposition to tho proposal, and that fear seemed to trouble him. It must not ho supposed that the Minister worked for a tumblo; it was not so, but, as everybody knows, ardour lias many variations. Tho ox-leader of the labour Opposition, who apparently was in charge, took up tho story as from tho standpoint of tho opponents. Tho feature of tho discussion was the speech of Mr. Morgan, who, as tho House was in committee, was enjoying a night out — of tho chair. Tho appearance of tho lion, member on tho floor of tilo House provoked jocular reference to tho facilities which the change of position would afford for tho application of tho closure. Tho recital of tho history of tho attempts to get tho lino now desired nnd so strongly aiivoeated by- Mr. Morgan was clear und eifectivo. There was that historio ten million loan — using round figures ; in the tabulated list of works proposed to bo done out of that loan appeared a railway from Warwick towards St. George, £250,000. Then, in 13S6 and in 1SS7 tho matter was before Parliament, und none who rcinoinbor tho Assombly- of that timo can need reminding of tho earnestness witli whioh the prosont member for Cuuningham, Mr. Kates, advocated what was then callod tho Thano's Creek railway. A passing declaration was made by Mr. Morgan that tbo proposal to start this lino from Warwiok did not move him to his earnest advocacy of its construction. Tho fact that Yeulba, Dalby, 1'ittsworth, and Homu nil olaimoii to be tho best starting point, was one whioh did not trouble him. Ho approached the question as u Queenslundcr who desired to conserve tho trade of Queensland for Queens land itself. Ho was made tho more curliest in this desire by tho recollection that . tliu Now South Wales people aro making stupen dous efforts to tako that trado to Sydney. Aotion towards that conservation of our trade was urgent 18 years ago ; it was more urgent now. "The Warwiok route is host," assorted Mr. Morgan with vigour. True, tho com missioner had reported adversely on that route, or at any rato with damning reserva tions. But ill hie, Mr. Morgan's, opinion nrguinonts against tho route had been magnified by him,' wliilo arguments in its favour had been grudgingly given. Ho drew vivid pictures of tho difficulties whioh would attend" tho construction and tho working of tho lino if started from other points. Miles of oonstruotion there must bo over country, liiiblo to flood, and whioh would therefore need many flood openings with steel girder spons. Then as to settlement, ho could take mombors nlong tho proposed course anil would show them twonty miles of unbroken wheat flolde. His spoooh was a clear and incisive pieco of advocacy of tho route now proposod. If wo pass this lino wo slionld he committed to its extension to Groondiwindi, and thenco to St. Georgo, and ultimately the via rcutn, argued Mr. Boll. Of that lino, by tho way, tho country rang a dozen years ago, hut scarcely a whisper is heard of it nowadays. Ho hold that no Ministry would dare now to advooato straight the building of the via recta, and yet if the lino now proposod bo built we shall lie committed to it. This lino is a " Brisbane merchants' lino," " a middle man's lino." It is trade to Brisbaue whioh is tho principal principle whioh operates in the present proposal. _Mr. Groom's contribution was a quiet advocacy of ono side of tho triangular strugglo, Dalby and its neighbour towns boing a socond and Warwiok n third party. Mr. Foxton, through whoso oleotorato the proposed lino will run, spoko vigorously und in his best stylo in ndvooaoy of tho lino us proposed. Some interjeotion indioat-ivo of impatience came from tho lahour benches. Mr. Foxton insisted that his oonneotion with tho country interested warranted his notion, and "if thohon. member did not enjoy tho speeoh ho had a very ready remedy— ha could go outsido and refresh himself else where.". "Whereupon pence ensued. At length that and tiro other proposuls ' woro passed, . 