municipal Mattiers. _4»»-? A COUNCIL CONSPIRACY. CRAVEN COUNCILLORS. TIME SERVING AND TER GTVERSSATION. BROKEN PLEDGES. The half-annual meeting of rate- payers on Tuesday night last was suffi- ciently noisy and excited, but it would undoubtedly have been more so if the actual facts concerning the intended resignation of Mr. Alex. Forrest had been made public. The history of this so-called resignation is a remarkable one. First came the public announce- ment to the ratepayers-practically a pledge. Then followed the deputation to Mr. W. G. Brookman. After this event, Mr. Brookman met Mr. Forrest, ; »ho was in the company of Mr. T F. 4Qainlan* at the Stock Exchange. Mr. Jbrookman then asked Mr. Forrest " what his intensions were, and Mr. Borrest replied that it was : ABSOLUTELY IMPOSSIBLE (or him to retain office, and he told Mr. Brookman to go ahead with his candidature, and proffered his own personal assistance in securing his (Mr. Brookman's) return. After this \- Mr. Brookman's . committee thought that the matter was all plain sailing, and the work of organization was vigo- rously commenced. But to day the situation is completely altered. In "Wilful breach of his pledges Mr. For- rest has decided to retain office-this on the strength of a requisition signed by nine councillors who, in a matter of this kind, are simply nine ratepayers and nothing more. This precious, document was actually at the rate- payers' meeting, but its existence .was CA£EFÜLL¥ CONCEALED, the ratepayers who signed it not daring to ask the support bf their fellow rate \- payers in.the hall. Affcet" the meeting, which practically terminated in a vote of censure on both Mayor and Council, was over, an adjournment was made to the FAMOUS CANTEEN called by courtesy a Mayor's Parlor, and there this document was read to Mr. Forrest. It was drawn up by Cr. Harry Brown, and signed by all the courciL'ors except Councillors Molloy, Pott?, Thomson and Speed. Just here the daily "Suppress" gets in' its deadly' ?work. Mr. Forrest accepted the requi- sition and practically said that he was doing so in defiance of the ratepayers. They had practically censured him, and he would let them know who, was master. He would not resign until they came to their senses, and so forth. ' In other words Mr. Forrest, in a fashion characteristic of all the For- rests, tries to trample on public opinion and to hold his office, not V because the public have any confidence in him, but, on the contrary, because j tiley have none. In this exhibition of CHILDISH PETULANCE : his word to Mr, Brookman and his; pledge to the people of Perth counted > : for nothing. Seemingly a Forrest will violate a pledge on the smallest prevo- j cation. An examination of the requi- j sition itself reveals some curious fea- tures. It was drawn up by Councillor ; Harry Brown, that ' REM ASKABLE REFORMEE, .who obtained his seat because of his j : opposition to Mr. Forrest's municipal go vernment. It was signed by Messrs. j Shaîto and Stinton and a number of other "reformers" who were returned ca the same ticket, and who have now ? BELIBEIIATKLT BETBAYED THE ELECTORS who returned them. 23b doubt the * ratepayers will know how to deal with them when the time comes. ïsow as to the motives. When Mr. Brook Baan's candidature was aimounced what may be called the BH0W2Í COiimiKATIOK cast about for a candidate to oppose the Great Boulder man. It would never do to let a goldfielder-especially I «ne whose combined ability and wealth ?would overshadow these small fry so completely-occupy the Mayoral chair. Üo fewer than ! SIX GENTLEMEN were approached one after the other to -oppose Mr. Brookman. All refused. I Then it was resolved to make a cats :- paw of Mr. Forrest and induce him to remain in office till October, when the crowd intends to ask EITHER S. .H. PASEBB OB LOTON to ofter themselves ; in that way the old municipal gang could make sure of a new lease of life. Cr. Quinlan was not, at first, a party to this plot ; but as he himself has hopes of .' ? -y . . BECOSH^G MAYQÄ ia November Hext it suited ihim to ksep Forrest in and Brookman out at ?ji/Ul costs. So this f - .CHASMING LITTLE CONSPIRACY " '* was hatched and reared and brought out fully fledged in the canteen after the ratepayers-good,' unsuspecting souls-had peacefully gone home to their beds." And what makes the -cabal so very interesting is, as before stated, that it was engineered by the very men who were returned to the council specially to oppose Mr. Forrest. However, thc remedy still lies in tho hands of the ratepayers. The statutory meeting was only ad- journed for a fortnight ; the accounts are not passed yet, and. if the rate- payers refuse to efîdorse them A KEEIOUS DEADLOCK must follow. In fact, it is question aile whether the council can continua to exist, unless the ratepayers express fcaeii- confidence by passing these ac- counts. Tho statutory meeting is ^PKACTiCALLY A BEFEBEKDUJI, and if the ratepayers don't avail them sdves of it they are bigger fools than we take them for. -And it is really time that some drastic action was taken. The constitution of the city is jgnored, and the ratepayers flouted and treated with contempt. The time has arrived when the first should be vindicated, and the honor and rights of the latter upheld. THE CITY COUNCIL MUST GO. These discreditable proceedings in the City Council only supply farther proof of the long patent fact that this insti t ition has reached a state of hopeless degeneracy. Municipal government is Perth is now looked npon by the public as little more than an indecent mockery, and at every meeting of tho council something is done to confirm that estimate. laving as they do in a civic atmosphere thick with traditions of incompetency, corruption, and mis- management, councillors themselves frequently scatter round mutual charges of . still acting down io thc lowest standards of the past. .And this is frequently done in language and accompanied by conduct, which, if made use of in a public place, would justify the arrest of some of the "potent, grave, and reverend seignors" for riotous behaviour. As a natural consequence the work of municipal government is grossly neglected. * - Just now it is in a state of simple collapse. The city has been allowed to sink into a condition of filth from which for the sake of the public health the Executive Government will probably be obliged to step .in in the event of any fur- ther, -developments. Notwithstanding the very presence of the plague amongst us, the council neglects to reform even the . DISGUSTIKG OLD METHOD of garbage collection and deposition, which has long been a reproach to Perth. When the garbage is collected, through the want of a destructor which should have been, provided years ago-it is dumped on vacant lots of ground, where it I ' ; feïlîîKÊ AÎÎ0 FÉSTEBS, and becomes an abominable nuisance to some of our suburbs. The streets are ill-paved and iüdightedthe lanes, and alleys repositories of miscellaneous filth the public conveniences few and foul and repellant. All the working staff is and has been for years past in a state of demoralisation, which the most strenuous efforts can no longer conceal. In short, the measure of municipal degradation is full . and flowing over oa every side. Just now, and 'now only, the rate- payers have- the remedy in their own hands. It is USELESS TO WAIT for the elections. Any idea of improv-] ing the. type of councillor that has brought matters to their existing con- dition may as well be dismissed at once. He is the product of the system under which Perth is municipally governed, and as long as that system remains, he will be with us as its only true exponent. Reform through the \ civic ballot- box is, therefore, impos- sible, even if the city could afford to wait upon that, under any s circum- stances, slow and tedious process, which, as things are, it certainly can- not. Where is the association which at the last municipal elections attcmp- ! ted to put new life intó;the council 1 j After the complete demonstration of j the hopelessness of the task which i ! results saon famished, it has simply ? given up the ghost. And the ] incorrigible old brigade has since j muddled along in the same dis- ' creditable old wsy, rendered all the more contumacious by this proof of its immunity-and is aided, in fact, by the *? reformers," whose return was paraded with such a flourish of-trumpets by the Ratepayers' Association. Improve- ment must, therefore, come from another source. And what is more, it must come quickly if the-city is to be saved from the dangers that, as the result of past, municipal misgovern- ment, menace it. It is the coizstitu tion from whith the kind of council we have is the outcome that must be remodelled before any appreciable measure of reform can be hoped for. The axe must be laid to the root, and the only way that it can ha done is by action which will wipe out the whole council at once, and place the civic management of Perth on an entirely new basis. The first thing is to GET IUD OF THE COUNCIL, and the next to appoint a new one to put the city's affairs on a'sound foot- ing, and administer them until arrange- ments con be made for bringing into force a thoroughly remodelled system. The base of civie government must then be broadened by the Legislature and provision made for a direct play of a municipal public opinion and public interest upon the Town Hali such as Perth has never yet had the benefit of. And all this, we believe, can be accomplished if the ratepayers will only persist in their »-efusal to pass the accounts. Will they seize the oppor- tunity 1 