The Grafton District Convention. The Convention in connection with the Century Commemoration movement held at Grafton, is now receding into the vista, of the past, but like a tide of sweeping fulness it has left behind it a residuum of blessing which will remain with us, in some cases, for ever. The President of the Conference, Rev. W. H. Beale, whom we had expected on the Lower Clarence two days earlier, overwhelmed with the very anticipations oi mal de mer had elected to accompany the Rev. R. Bavin, organising Secretary, and come via Glen Innes. Both these massive dignitaries looked coldly per force upon Grafton on the chill Saturday morning at 6 o'clock. Small wonder, after such an all-night experience on the box seat of the mail coach. The warmth of welcome accorded them then, by our worthy Chairman of the District, and later by his coterie of loyal helpers at the picnic on Susan Island, held in their honour, sufficed to bring into evidence the geniality of our distinguished guests. On the Sunday, the President con ducted the Anniversary services of the Grafton Church, and morning, afternoon and night delivered sermons, befitting the occasion and worthy the honored position he occupies. These were seasons of distinctly gracious influence. The Organising Secretary, true to his jrecord for ' fore- d marches,' preached in the morning at Maclean, afternoon at Brushgrove, aud evening at Ulmarra. All were remarkable services, and large and interested were the congregations.' The Convention opened at Grafton on Monday afternoon, the Chairman of the District, the Rev. R. Allen, presiding. Addresses were delivered by Mr. W. H. Thompson, and Rev. R. Baviu, and a season of much power was witnessed. Tears of joy were shed by veteran ?Christians, as some experienced the ful filment of the Redeemer's promise in the gift of the Holy Ghost. One an aged local preacher, told us how he was led up to this by reading that much-honored book, Arthur's ' Tongue of Fire.' In the evening the President preached ? an interesting and deeply stirring ser mon on ' Grieve not the Spirit of God etc.' Tuesday afternoon found a goodly number of devout souls assembled for a -Conference on Spiritual matters. The President took the chair at 3 o'clock. The singing of some of our best hymns to old fashioned Methodist tunes, and fervent prayers, led up to a masterly Bible reading by the President. The Rev. W. Iieury Howard read a paper on ' Two modern tendencies and their antidote,' which was followed by several beautiful testimonies. At the concluding meeting of the Convention, the Organising Secretary preached from the passage in the Psalms'. ' When thou saidst to me, seek ye my face, my heart said unto thee, Thy face'Lord will I seek.' It was a very earnest and forcible appeal for immediate decision for Christ, and several ' en quirers ' evinced their earnestness in the quest. To God be all the praise for these ' tunes of refreshing from the presence of the Lord,' we have ex perienced. May this be bat the begin ning of an era of mighty spiritual de monstration throughout this valley of the great Clarence. 