Victoria. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE DEPAKTING PRELATES. By the R.M.S. Orizaba, which leaves Port Melbourne on Tuesday next tor Europe, the Bishop o Sale (Most Rev. Dr. Corbett) and the Bishop of GeraMton, Western Alalia (Most Rev. Dr. KeUy), will fee passengers. His LordshipofSale is making the usual decennial visitJx> the tombs of the Apostles. The objective of His Lordship of Geraldton is to make better provision for the wants of his comparatively speaking new diocese. PROPOSED NEW CHURCH AT BALACLAVA. Last Monday night, at the invitation of the Very Rev. T. Lynch, a number of the men of the St. Hilda East parish assembled in St. Mary's schoolroom, for the purpose of organising a committee in connection with the bazaar in aid of the building fund of the pro. posed new church at Balaclava. On the motion of Mr. J. W. O'Halloran (the Prothonotary), seconded by Mr. J. W. Wallace, Fr. Lynch was appointed permanent chairman of the committee. Fr. Lynch, in the course of a short address, emphasised the urgency of erecting a church at Balaclava. The great want' of a centrally-situated church there had forced itself on the notice of the Archbishop and himself for some time past. As the secretanr to be elected at that meeting would necessarily have much to do with the lady stallholders, he (JJT. Lynch) thought that the choice of the meeting should afterwards foe submitted to their approval. He would leave the matter of the bazaar with every confidence in their hands. {Ap- On the motion of Mr, F. A. Deegan, Mr. T*. Bi. Moloney was unanimously elected secretary. • Mr. Wallace moved that all present form themselves into a general com. mittee. Agreed. The following executive committee, with power to increase the number, was appointed, on the motion of Mr. O'Halloran: —-Messrs. J. W. O'Halloran, T.Logiift, T. C. Flanagan, J.McGuirk, J. ,Wf Wallace, G/ R. Hill, E. Robbie, R. A. Flanagan, J. Coleman, F, A, Deegan, M. Wfdlac»/P' Byrne, and A. P. Matthews. Mr. O'Halloran expressed the hope that the movementwould be a great suc- Mpe in eveiy respect. Ho felt that he Vbiced l&ewishep; of all in saytag that the project of Fr. Lynch net withtheir entire approval. (Applause.) Therewas undoubtedly a great need of a church at - Balaclava. l It was decided that the executive committee meet "the lady stall-holders on the following Friday evening, at 8.80 It iwaa also resolved, that the (general committee should attend the same meeting, " ST. FRANCIS' CH0BCH. As previously announced, the ceremonies at St. Francis Church at the 11 o'clock Mass on Sunday last, had reference to the re-opening of the organ after undergoing very extensive repairs and additions. The Mass was sung by the Rev. G. A, Robinson, B.A. Though not taking part in the function, there wera also present: Very Rev. W. J. Quilter, Very Rev. Prior Kelly, O.C.C. (Part Melbourne) ; Revs. M. Morris and W. Leahy (Brisbane). After the first Gospel the Rev. J. J. Malone (South Melbourne) preached on the Divine Authority inherent in the Catholic Church. Fr. Malone said that perhaps he could not choose a more appropriate subject than that concerning the central teaching of the Holy Catholic Church—Her Divine Authority. That constituted Her the great witness of Divine Revelation—the fundamental principle of Catholic doctrine. No matter what were the motives which drew men of every condition in life to the Catholic Church—whether they were the able logic of his to: the beautiful in art and naturi of science or the deductj hy—they all without exce] principle of Divine A] within her boBom, and their intellect Church had been rig! ity built on a maim 1 ! could behold, wjth leading thereunto; b' ne gate through which ly necessary that all Her 'dren should pass, and that was the gate of Her Divine Authority. That principle was in direct antagonism to ail the churches outside Her pale. The churches in this difiered from Her not only in a spirit of opposition, but also of contradiction. Whilst Catholics admired those wellmeaning men who were earnestly striving at the present day to bring about the union of the churches and a common foTm of Christianity, they could not help feeling how really ignorant those men appeared to be in regard to the essen- tial difference between the Catholic and other churches, and the utter impossibility of oifecting their reconeiliation. The Catholic Church woiuld always remain antagonistic to the claims of all other churches. The principle of the Church's Divine authority to teach was cleariy set forth by the late Cardinal Manning in his able work, "The Temporal Mission of the Holy Ghost," wherein His Eminence had laid it down "that the vital question between the Catholic Church and the churches was not one of detail, but of essentials, i.e., the Divine authority of the Catholic Church to proclaim, as part of revelation, the presence in her midst of Divine guidance," keeping her from all taint of error and corruption. In reality, was there in the church a Divine Person guiding her in all things ? If there were, then the var rious religious cects should hold their peace, and, like the Apostles of old, should sit at her feet ae docile disciples. The Church boldly and. persistently claimed before the world that there was, and always would be till the end of time, such a Divine Presence—the Third Person of the Adorable Trinity, Who was the secret of her infallible authority. She alone of all the churches made this claim of Divine guidance, and stated il clearly, and boldly appealed to reason, to revelation, and to history in vindication theicif There was mitncient evidence to urge men to accept that claim, even if the New Testament had oeen silent regarding it. That Christ left some Divine Guidance to protect and keep intact His teaching, and to inculcate it to man, was consonant with right reason. They would infer that such guidance had been left with His Church, when considering the analogy of God's dealings with the Jewish Church and its people. It was incredible that God,. Who had spoken to Moses, and through Him to the Jews, and had sent Hia Divine Son to make known His more perfect law to men, should change the order of His Divine Providence^ and leave His Church without guidance in her mission to teach the nations. It was not in accordance with reason to believe that God simply left His law shut up in an absolute book without a duly-appointed Interpreter to anfold its meaning; No State or body of,law-givers would be guiltyof such a senseless proceeding.. The civil law had its propeily constituted officers, whose duty it wis to expound the provisions of the civil code of laws. As that eminent legal authority," Blackstone, had pertinently asked i "Who are the e proper interpreters r.f the. law? The Judges Mgcsuitho in the in. courts of jnstice." And were rere we to • lunK' that the wisdom pt God was not as far reaching* as that of manf But they found in the New Testament ample testimony that jniSh" a Djvine Presence abided'' in tW.Chon&. J&er; Divine Founder bad promised—"I will apod vouGwParaclete, the Spirit of Ttatfi.. He will teach you all Hu Hi, w9 Ika^f tt* fttitr otad whatsoever I have told yon. If I go not the Paraclete will not come'but if I go I shall send Him to you, and He will teach yon all things whatsoever I have commanded you" In these words and others throughout various parts of the New Testament Christ had distinctly promised to send the Third Person of the Adorable Trinity to abide for. ever with His Church. Ten days after His ascension into heaven, on Pentecost Sunday, the Holy Ghost descended visibly on tne Apostles, and remained to guide them and their lawful successors till the end of time. The conception-of the Gatfiolic Church as a mystic body was obvious to the rrost obtuse mind, wot o v dy in the GospelB, but in the Epistles of St. Paul, it was clearly laid down * hat the Catholic Church was the mystic body of Christ. Even some parts of modem scientific teaching was forced to admit the Dhine guioing principle in the Church. The ancient Fathers taught the same in various works, and St. Augustine summed up his teaching on this poia": ''What the soul is to the body, that the Holy Spirit is to the Catholic Church." That was the reason why Catholics clung with loving and trustful confidence to the Church, their Holy Mother, and why the giant intellect of an Augustine and a Newman listened with docile resjject to her Divine authoritative and infallible teaching. The Catholic Church alone, of all institutions, had survived the wreck and ruin of ages, and spanned the history of more than 18 centuries. Everything else of human contrivance had crumbled into dust by the action of time, but the Catholic Church stands forth before the world to-day, a'ter the lapse of 19 centuries, as fresh and a3 vigorous as whep. she came forth from the bupper Chamber at Jerusalem, strong as ol God, youthful and fresh as ol spring! Doomed to death a thousand times by the powers of this world, and by every evil principle, she still survives and flourishes in a world of decay and death. She has witnessed thrones, and sceptres, and dynasties crumble into ruin, while she remains, "She," in the words of a brilliant Protestant historian, "saw the beginning of all ecclesiastical institutions. . . . and may still be in her lull strength when some traveller from ftew Zealand takes his stand on a broken arch of London Bridge to sketcli the ruins of St. Paul's." How was the miracle of her existence to »e explained, except by the hypothesis , ,ie iaoly Spirit came on the day ot Pentecost, and has remained with her during the past 18 centuries. She is not merely assisted by the Holy Spirit, hut is His mouthpiece. That truth had drawn, and would continue to draw, thousands of converts to her fold_ in England, Germany, and America, ihat point was forcibly brought home by the Kitualistic controversy which was rodent the English Church to its very foundations. The press, which did too much thinking for the masses nowadays, only saw in the movement an agitation about church millinery. Bat lit affected the most vital and sacred beliefs, while it also struck at the liberty of conscience. The fate of Christianity, like that ol its Divine Founder, it was sought to decide at a civil tribunal. If the bng-lisli Church was a Divine Faith, it should be able to point to a j Divine Interpreter. But it could not do so. That was why so many were groping their wav to the door of the Catholic Church. Like the Lord Justice of the Queens jjjnch they were knocking at her gates for admission. She had laid it down as a vital truth that man needed a trod as teacher. She had flung wide open the Vatican library to vindicate her position before all men. That claim to Divine guidance staggered human ere. dulitv, but to the student of history the truth of that claim was perfectly in accordance with the order of Divine providence. At Rome there was a beautiful church dedicated to "The Apostle of the Nations" Around its marbles were entwined the names of all the Popes, from Leo XIII. to St. Peter. That was a dvnasty which had never been exUnffuished, and which had spanned the course of 18 centuries in an unbroken line Various philosophies, creeds, and nations had risen and fallen ; countries once civilised had fallen back into barbarism, and barbariK-Jmtjqns had become c viiised : decayXncfdiaMKhad overtaken all things as ^he Sg? the Catholic CKji^ch harmed. She! lifts all like the fcyr^mid^of had witnessed Arabs and thq diers. The rise, progress, ^ stitutions, and wrought by revoli ed to be the ln-- 0 >ed, but by un- [bove them which of the itish solthe [artlily inchanges lly claimof Divine truth to men. The archives of history had been diligently searched by her vigilant enemies, in order to discover, if possible, some evidence or saying of one or other of the varioM Pope? 'who had sat in the Chair of ^ Prter at variance with her claim to infallibility, but all in vain. In the November number of "The Nineteenth Century" there was an article by a prominent Protestant critic, ffltitled "The Intellectual Basic of Cath^iofty." That writer saw a great future before the.; Catholic Church, and declared that the. aggressive action of oKXtevn Ifeougbt'waB proving Mai to «H other forms of Christianity. Whilst it' was disastrous to other churches, it only found Rome with new and more powerful means of attack, and he declared that "if the Christian religion is to live, it must be that of the Church of Rome." However misguided men, in their dislike of the Ca|tholic Church, or their loyalty to what they look on as the truth, may rail against her teaching and claims, her faithful children will respect their conscientious belief. Some of them are beginning in this country to see the truth and reasonableness of Iter claims. The English <n Times," 15 years ago, said that there were 600 religious Beets, each proving a separate system of Christian faith from the Bible. Here, amongst ourselves, churches were to be seen at almost every corner of the streets. They constituted a perfect babel of tongues. In the morning papers and current literature of the day angry discussions on religion were to be seen, the end of which was divisions in families and other grave evils to society. Surely that was not the Christianity which came from the lips of Christ, Who gave us a brother in God. Sooner or later men would come to recognise the true Church of God. Her Divine Founder would at length command these angry discussions on forms of belief to cease, as He did when in the boat with St. Peter and the other Apostles. Here and in both the old and the new world, men were returning in hundreds _ to their Mother Church, and were finding in her bosom what England's armies have found—the shadow of a great rock in an arid land. And now I come to the special object which brings me here this morning, and that is to make an appeal for the organ fund. It is the wish of the pastor and priests, and, I believe, too, of the people of St. Francis's, that I should take this —the first—opportunity which offers . to thank ih their and your behalf the young and gifted Binger who gave the magnificent donation of over £300, the result of her last concert in this country, towards the repairs of that beautiful organ. Since then she has gone to the old land to make herself a name in the musical world, and prove through all the triumphs that await her, as I Delieve she will, in her own simple and unaffected way, that her piety is as great as' her natural gift, and her character as attractive as her genius. The collection was then made, and a very generous offertory was received The choral part of the service was effectively rendered by the full choir. Haydn's Mass in B flat. No. 16, was rendered. During the collection an organ solo, offertoire in F major, by E Batiste, was given. At the offertory a quartet by A. Guerca (/'Ave Maria") was sung. At the end of Mass. Beethoven's "Hallelujah to the Father"' ("Mount of Olives"), was efficiently given by the principals and chorus. The principals were: Signorina Rebottaro, Mrs. Ramsden, Mr. James \Vade, Signor Reb"ttaro. Organiste, Mrs. T. Jordan; musical director, Mr. T. J. Lamble. In the evening Solemn Vespers were sung at 7 o'clock in the presence of a large congregation. At Benediction Leon Dore's "O Salutaris" was sung by Miss Emilte Retford, and Gretano Donizetti's 'Tantum Ergo" by Miss Livinia Tyson and Mr. W. Lamble. The excessive heat of the day did not appear to affect to any very sensible degree the wa.tr pressure for the engine, the gauge indicating a pressure of 63ib. The organ fully satisfied expectations. 