The Music Master. It was late on a summer afternoon. , The children, escaped from school, ' were ' howling and shrieking in the gutters outside. The music master Bat in his dingy parlour fingering a 1 ' piece,' with an aching head and a shaking hand. The noise outside almost sickened him, but he could not shut the windows of the stuffy room. The day was stiflingly hot, and what little air came through the cheap starched curtains was not to be [banished with impunity. .. He was a little man — lean and grey, with a pale face, and. cold, sar castic eyes. He lived in a dull house in ia dingy street of a seaside town. It was an ugly house, as well as dull, and it looked out on a wide expanse of windowless wall opposite. There was a tiny garden in the rear, where the music master's stout wife hung out the clothes, and pulled up the onions, and shrieked at a few mangy looking fowls penned up in one cor ner. There were a few cabbages, stunted and caterpiller-eaten, and two or three scarlet runners drooped against the tarred fence whereon tho sparrows sat and regarded the whole place contemptuously. Even the sparrows had sense enough to despise the mean little house and garden, and to twittee crossly at the sounds of halting scales which floated at times through the parlour window. There waB a trass plate on the front door, which the scrubby little maid-of-all-work polished daily. It bore the magic word® : ' Signor Marco Ludovico, Professor of Music.' The music master was not an Italian, and his name was no more Marco Ludo . vico than mine is, but there is an idea largely prevalent in England that no one can;play a piano or sing a high note unless they have a name ending in 'ski,' or 'koff,' or 'o.' We talk a great deal about the encouragement ^ of native talent, . but we prefer our genius, like our cookery, when it is stamped 'Made in Germany' or else where. So the little master, knowing this opinion of the English people, changed, , Mark Lewis into Marco Ludovico, and adopted at the same time a slight foreign accent. He carried out his transparent deception quite frankly. He never said he was an Italian, and he dropped his accent out of business hours. He was a very honest man, if cruel fate had made him a music master instead of a butcher, or baker, or something really useful. He was quite aware of this nrs take on the part of fate. The sleek tradespeople whose children he taught patronised him ; and the aristocracy of the town, whose children he also taught — as there was no one else to .do it — were unconsciously and com placently insolent to him. He took it all in very good part, and never seemed to see any of it. But some times, when some high-born dame took upon her to complain of her thick-headed daughter's progress — or l«»ck of it, lather— in terms that did more than suggest that Signor Ludo vico was not carrying out his part of the contract honestly, inasmuch that he did not supply brains as w ell as tuition to his pupils, on these oc casions the little man's thin lips would twitch with bitter wrath, and his . hard eyes would flash a sombre fire. But he never said anything, for he knew his place. It was his lot to take insolence meekly. It was not a pleasant life that he led.. All day he trudged about, carrying his black leather music-case, and pursuing his occupation conscien tiously, if without perceptible en thusiasm. All day he listened to soales thumped and scales murdered, to exercises tortured and 'pieces' basely assassinated. Week after week he corrected the same mistakes, and offered the same unavailing in struction ; and at the end of the term he poeketed his fees — when he oould get them — with the comfortable conviction that his pupil's musical ?ducation was in much the same con- j dition as when he began. Then he j went home, and sat in his black horsehair armchair opposite his fat wife, and listened to her shrill com plaints of Mary Ann and the children and her gossip about the neighbours, with a stolidity of countenance worthy of a Roman philosopher. There was a kiiock at the door, and a girl of about fifteen came in quickly in response to Signor Ludovico's in itation. She was a tall girl, with a dark face and flashing, gipsy eyes. The music master looked up with something like animation on his worn features. ' So you've come, Sarah !' he said. ' It was so close I thought you'd most likely go for a walk, and not come shutting yourself up in hot rooms.' He sighed irritably, and then his tone changed. ' I'm glad you've come,' he said gently. ' Let us go to ?vorI&' There was a rustle of music leaves turned rapidly on the desk, and a ripple of jingling keys, and then the children outside stopped their racket as the sound of a beautiful contralto voice, round, and deep, and clear, floated out from the little room into the street. 'My!' said one girl to another, as she stopped, ball in hand,' there's Mrs Watt's Sarah at her lesson. Don't she just sing lovely ?' The children, soon tired of listen ing, went on wiih their games, and the singing lesson went on too. Scales and runs and shakes followed each other in quick succession. ' Mrs. Watts's Sarah' stopped at no diffi culties. There was an ease, a grace fulness, about her singing which argued the unconscious flexibility of perfect power. This girl, the orphan niece of a woman who kept a little grocer's shop round the corner, and whose singing was by turns tolerated and grumbled at by her relatives, had in her the makings of a great artist. When the lesson was finished, the pupil did not go away. She sat on the corner of the table, swinging her long legs to and fro, while the little man at th© piano talked to her — talked to her as he never did to any one else — of London, of St. James's Hall, of Patti and Albani, of the Popular concerts, of Joachim and Neruda. It was strange and pathetic to watch this shabby man's pale face light up and flush with enthusiasm as, in the little stuffy parlour, with its cheap furniture and hideous china ornaments, he spoke of ' Patti, Patti' and the bird-trills of Sarasate. The shadows deepened, and the children outside went home to tea, but still he talked on, till the little room seemed ringing with echoes of unearthly sweetness, and one could imagine the ghosts of the great masters smil ing out of the gloom at their humble follower who loved them so well. He stopped jat last, and the child looked at him with earnest eyes. ' Some day,' she said gravely, ' I will be a great singer, and you shall come and hear me sing in St. James's Hall.' The music master started as if from a dream, and the flush died out of his face. The old sarcastic expression returned to it, and he smiled faintly. 'Ah !' he said, ' I thought that, too — once.' He got up and walked round the table. When he came to the piano stool again, he stood still and glanced aoross at the girl. She was still watching him, and her face looked sad. Something like com punction seized him. This shild, though he got hard words instead of money for her lessons, was the only being on earth who could truly be called his pupil. He laid his hand on her shoulder. ' Never mind what I said,' he began kindly. ' You shall be a great singer, Sarah, some day, and I ? ' He did not say what he would be. « ? * * Several years had gone by, and still the ugly house stood in the dull street, and the sparrows chattered on the fence. The small town had grown a trifle larger, but it looked much the same in other respects ; and still the little music master trudged about with his black leather case. He was a shade greyer, and thinner, and irore tired-looking: j V that was all. But the grocer's shop round the corner knew ' Mrs Watt's Sarah' no more.' She had gone away long ago — - gone to make her fortune—somehow, somewhere# Tired of her aunt's per petual lectures on her uselessness in all practical matters, she had packed up her things one fine morning and departed. No one knew more about it than this ; but the neighbours shook their 'heads and sympathised with Mrs Watts. ' She was a wild girl, that 1 Sarah,' they said, ' and she'll come to no good — sure as fate she won't.' But the little music master still kept his fath in his favourite pupil. He never blamed her nor spoke slightingly of her. She would come back some day, he told himself. Some day, when he least expected it, there would come the old tap at the door, and she would come in — a'great singer. He fancied how she would wear. She would thank him for what he had done for her. He could heai her voice, and see the tears in her dark eyes. Yes, it would be a happy moment. So he went on with his work,* and waited patiently and silently. He heard the others talk of ' Mrs Watt's Sarah,' and smiled to himself, He knew that she would come back. It was a night in December, cold and windy, and there was a concert in the Town Hall. The music master had finished work early so that he might go and listen. He did not go in, but stood outside the artists' entrance. The windows of the hall were slightly open, and he could hear as well as if he had been inside. It was cold, it is true, but he was used to cold 5 he merely buttoned his coat tighter, and leaned against the wall in a sheltered place. He arrived at his retreat rather late, and the first things he heard did not interest him iiiuch ; but presently there was a burst of applause in the hall, and he knew that the ' star' had just gone on for the last time. She was a new singer, and he did not know her name. He waited patiently for her song to begin. It came at last. Out through the windows into the keen frosty night rolled Gluck's beautiful air, ' Che faro eemsa Eurydice.' The little music master leant against the wall and forgot the cold. He forgot the time and place, the hall and the concert. He sat again at the piano in the stuffy little front parlour, and played the music of Orfeo for ' Mrs Watt's Sarah.' The wind swept by with its icy breath, but it was not the cold that brought the tears into the little man's eyes. The new ' star's' voice died away into silence, and he did not hear the clapping which followed. ' Mrs Watts's Sarah ' had come back. He stood waiting patiently for the door to open. Presently he heard steps advancing, and his breath came fast. He knew what would happen : he saw the outstretched hands, the eager face — and then the door opened. He drew back into the shadow for some inexplicable reason. The new contralto looked out into the night rather peevishly. ' What can they be thinking of ?' she said, in an irritated ' tone. ? There's^no carriage here 1' ' Mrs Watt's Sarah ' inquiring for oarriages. But it was quite proper — quite I , The man she addressed glanced up the street too. ' It '11 be here in a minute,' he said. * Don't stand in a draught. Let me give you your cloak,' The singer laughed, and turned towards him, opening the door wide. The light fell on her dark, beautiful face and glittering eyes, and a dia mond crescent in her dress flashed | brightly. The man — he was the i tenor of the concert party— r-put her cloak over her shoulders, and stood beside her in the doorway. ' You sang superbly!' he said. ' magnificently ! Your voice is per fect. I suppose you were well trained at first — that is such an im portant thing.' Tho music master, in his oorner, listened anxiously for the next words* It was evident that they were un aware of his proximity. Here, unseen, unrecognised, he should hear ' Mrs Watt's Sarah ' speak of her first: master, and give vent to her grateful, memories of him. ' STou were trained in Italy, I think P' said the tenor, interrogatively. The music master listened fever ishly. - She turned her head towards him,. $nd again he caught the flash of the diamond crescent; and her eyes flashed, too, as she flxed them on the tenor. 'Yes,' she said calmly., 'I was trained— in Italy.' 'I thought so,' said the innocent tenor. Then he added : ' The car riage isn't coming, and it's only a few yards to the hotel. Let us walk; back.' His companion laughed asser t, and; they came down into the road— so close to the unseen listener that they almost touched him. The ground was hard and slippery, and they went ? slowly.^ At last the two figures vanished into the darkness, and the; music master was alone, He stood silent for a moment. This was the meeting he had looked forward to for so long. Trained in Italy, indeed I If it had been anyone else, he would have, laughed, and called it the way of the. world— but this girl ? 1 He went home through the night,, smiling to himself ; but the smile was as cold as the starlight over him. The next day he went about as usual, and did his work quietly, as he had done it for so long. Only sometimes, instead of the stumbling scales, he heard a voice, somewhere very far off, singing Gluck's wonder- ' ful air. Then it faded away again,, and he heard the maddening rattle, of the scales — but they never mad- . ? dened him. The poor little fragile romance of his life was over: this was reality. ' Mrs Watts's Sarah had forgotten him. But he remembered. There are some things one never forgets— and. this Was one of them. 