THE MYSTERIOUS HOUSE. The detective had dropped the paper fcellinf how Balratore C&viliert;*, tho Long Branch Italian, made his dwelliDg m storehouse ®f plnnder. 1 ' E • cry housa liol ds its mystery," he began lrit( ly. Tbm he told the story of a house he would dot specify particularly. " I wae detailed to watch it," be went on, " becauae there was BometbinE odd about its tenant. A rao.t respectable liowe in a maet resi«ctable ndghbourhood, it bad been sublet to one H illi un Sniiti, a small dark man with a foreign accnit. - " II< had p*id «=i* months rent in adrnnce, in tmu ot rrft-reuce, and as the dull summer season wai comtBg on the agent had not quibbled over this slight violation of his rule requiring references. Whence he came, what bis trade., no one OODM S»T. The reotg^ras paid 111 (jold. " After Mr. Smith had moved in—he reafed furniskeJ—the * atran^e proceedings begin which attracted the neighbours' attmtnon. Jdi-t after sundown muffled men began to appear at the door, «hich would open, revealing the dimly lit hall. The visitor entered. Now the peculiar feature of the case was that no one enrame out, while Mr. Smith existed apparently, independent of the butcher and bsker.If you rang, the manservant simply told you that bis muter was not in. But other persons evidently found him in. Three or four pemons pu««d-that threshold daily, never to reappear owr it. Of course the neighbouring servai ts nLi.tpcred ai&tvelluus; tales of ghosts. It you wtut and scanned the faces of those who euimed.you found then to beapparently tfentle- 1 men, vrith thin intellectual faces. | Going up tlie steps -the visitor would peer i about as if feariug obAervatioi). One of the double hall djors stckjti closed. Wtnl« he waited he mrariabJy stepped behind this screen until the other door was opened. -Then it shut on him. , You migbfr wait alt ni|rht and-lhe next dav, as I hare doue buk the visitor never reappeared. The house, heavily shuttered, presented an impassive front to the street that tjld nothing of tto mystery. " Naturally, I had theories of murder or other crime bein£ committed there. But there were no reports ot mipsiDg men and newspaper personals jpive no clue. Nor did we have any complaints or other evidence justifying a raid. Finally 1 decided to take the matter into my own hands. I did this by boldly going up the steps a third time—I had bean lold twice by theatranfe-servantthat Mr. Smith w»s oat. On this occasion I followed ciusely on the heels of one of -the visitors, who probably was destined nwKto appear a»ain. 1 nag, and after a few minutes the door was opened. The same servant stood there. He was black, with the regular feature* belonging to East Indians or North Africans. If you ever venture as far east as Constantinople, you may see men of his type in the cosmopolitan street throng. The peculiarity of this man was his shining black eyes tbat looked me through and through. He was in the regulation black coat and wMte cravat of the house lackey." •• Mr. Smith ?" 'Sera no one,' ho be^an .in a slightly foreign accent. A heavily-shaded lamp threw a subdued light on the stairway. " " But some one i-ntered a half minute before me," I began. On the other occasions I Jbsd asked who this mysterious Smith who concealed an interesting personality very cunningly xmder thatrtnost commonplace name might JJC. what h'8 occupation, whence he came. On both Occasions the door bad slammed in my face. ' " This time I took the precaution to put my foot over the aill in sucb a way that the door could not close. The man attempted it. I stepped inside. The door swung into its place with a litUe metallic click. " 1 fuicieii the bl&fk; eyei snapped lllfrilf, but the ma.xi motioned me civilly into an adjoining room. This was an ordinary apartment famished in the way of rooms in houses that are Sublet, where the bne-a-brac and essentials giving expression have beeu removed. A lamp with a red shade Lit the place. " ' Wait. 1 will see,' said the black. " Presently he returned, this time bearing a silver tray, on which were a curiously-carveJ eilver decanter and some glasses, with a plate ot biscuit*. The man made a sort of obeisauce that had in it iromething oriental, as if he bad stepped out of one of the stories dealing with the Caliph Ilaroun al Kaschid. " • While you wait, won't you have some refreshment P " " His accents were so suave that, forgetting any suspicion, I did not stay his band when he poured some liquid like claret into one of ttie long decanters. Lifting it to my lips I found it was a carious- tasting beverage. For a moment I thought it was molten tire. Then the black retainer appeared to be dancing before my eyes, and I lost consciousncstf. " When I awoke, I was on the conch in the same room The lamp was still burning. I rained myself up. My hemd ached terribly. On a chair near me sat a little monkey grinning and chattering. It startled me at firat, but in my trade one ceascs to be afraid, because back of everything, however mysterious, we are accustomed hud human cunning. " I rose, threw back the shutter*, and daylight poured into the room. I bad been there all night. No one stirred bxcept the poor little beist of a gibbering ape. I made my way to (he outside door, seeing no one, and ran down the steps into the 6troet, themoukey following. *• 1 returned wiLh the policeman on the beat. TVo searched the house high and low. Thtre was no evidence of occupancy beyond that of tku little ape. No trunk or clothing or food or even the silver decanter from which I bad drunk. About the ape's neck was a curiously carved little silver chain with some odd cabalistic device. At the Zoo in the park they told me that he was of an Indian species. " During all my night stupor, what had become of the mysterious Mr. Smith and his visitors ? They were never seen nor heard of »gain. The house was just an ordinary dwelling ou an ordinary street. But for me il still has an enigmatical expression of inexplicable mystery. 