THE BUSSIAXS AT KUSHK. Many of our readers who bare taken an irterest in imperial politics will remember the sensation which was caused in the United Kingdom by the publication of Captain Bumaby's 'Bide to Khiva,' His adventure was taken in -the face of Russian opposi lion ; it showed how the Muscovites were extending their power eastwards in Asia; and predicted a descent upon India, with [KKsIbilities of conflict with Britain. Prac tically the gallant officer's anticipation.; the field of battle in Egypt he will not be a witness to the fact. Khiva, in the midd!-; ages, was a populous, wealthy, and power ful country. It is situated on the upper waters of the Oxus; it is indeed an oper valley watered by that river and its af fluents, and irrigated by canals forme 1 from them. So great were its attraction* thai it was overrun by Jengis Khan and other mighty conquerors. About two hun dred and fifty years ago the river changed its course, and instead of flowing in a north-westerly direction into the Caspian Sea, it took a more northerly coarse into the Sea of AraL The Khan, notwithstand ing the attempts of Eastern potentates, maintained bis independence till veil into the present century. So long ago, however, as the middle of the seventeenth century, the Bnssians began to stretch their boun caries towards it- In the absence of the Khan and his troops, a party of Cossacks invaded the country, plundered one of tfce imnrinsl **itSi«i nnA tttrnoA e\ff munm am.* rich booty. They were overtaken by the Khivans in force, and killed to a maa. Two subsequent Bussian expeditions met a similar fate. In 1717, Peter the Great sent a properly equipped force of 3300 men and half-a-dozen guns against the Khivans, i;'ho were defeated in a pitched battle. They managed afterwards to divide the Bussian forces, and annihilated them in detail. In 1S39 a larger army, with iwentv two guns, was sent out to recover Bussian prisoners retained in Khiva, and to endea vour to open up trade with the east. It also terminated in disaster, owing to the f- verity of the weather, and the loss of life among men and animals. Since then the Russian approaches have been more gradual and systematic. In 1S47 they established a fort at the moutii of the Jaxartes, and at the same time deprived the Khivans of territory and tax-paying Kirghis. Then after an interval they took possession of Tnshkcud, and formed a mili titry station at Krasnovodsk, on the cast side of the Caspian &ea;, in 18«!-. In 1S73 General Kaufman, with a thoroughly equipped army of lf,000 men, marched to the city of Khiva, the capital of the coun try, without opposiUoo. All the territory, ,V-,000 square miles, was annexed, and the district formed into a sub-district, while the inhabitants, 110,000, were subjected to 9 beavr war indemnity. Khiva is main tained in a semi-independent state, as by tfiat arrangement the native authorities must collect the taxes, aud protect them selves and tbe Russians from Turcoman raids. To the- south of KUiva was Merv. an important oasis in a desert, and in ancient time regarded as a bulwark against 'Mogul invasion. Notwith standing the frequent disclaimers of Russia, it was taken possession, and recent cablegrams inform us they hav? now placed several Itattalions of troops ai Kushk, on the borders of Afghanistan. Tbe war with the Boers commenced ir. the beginning of October. On the 5th of January news was circulated from Tini* that, in consequenv-e of sews of the deatU of the Ameer of Afghanistan and rumours of agitation among the Hindoo tribes, the Bussian Minister for War, as an experi ment, had sent a detachment of troops from Tiflis to Baku, thence by sea to Krasno vodsk, and by the recently constructed railway to Kushk. This was ostentatiously referred to as demonstrating that an army from the Caucasus could be placed on tht bordecs of Afghanistan in eight days. Tliit tion applying not only to the Afghan, but the Persian frontiers. The occasion for this peace demonstration was entirely im aginary. The Ameer of Afghanistan is not even ailing ; his subjects are peaceful and contented ; and tberc is no agitatim among the Hindoo tribes that should call for a demonstration of military strength fiom an adjoining power. President Kru ger made it a cause of war when Britain sent troops to protect Xatal. The dissem ination of the news of the celerity with which Eussia could send troops from the Caucasus to Kushk in Europe and Aci.- has been the subject of comment, and the act was variously interpreted. What Russia has to do with troubles in Afghanistan and India, if they really did exist, is not evident, and the despatch of troops may b? looked upon as a tentative military offence. The present Czar of Russia was the creator of the Peace Conference of the Powers of Europe, held last year in Holland. He has given assurances that nothing will be done at the present time to emb&rass; tbe Bri tish Government. While that is the case, we cannot shut our eyes to tbe expansion of Russia and the direction which it has taken within the piesent century. Hera* was regarded by Sir Henry Baniinson as the key of India, and Russian officers hare not concealed their desire to obtain posses sion. The route over which the troops tra relied from Tiflis to Kushk is that whicn Napoleon, in conjunction with Russia, threatened to invade India. It may be that the Russian* do sot mean business in the quarter approached, and that the cfBdal report of their movements may be accepted as a proof of this, but we cannot overlook the fact that a. Bussian descent upon India nas long been a suujeci m ois eussion. The Czar may have most pacific intentions, but there is a strong military party who would not be loath to engage in any conflict by which they might hop', bo reduce the power and influence of Bri tain. Bussian officers, moreover, as expe rience has shown, do things which in other countries would meet with reprobation, yet they never suffer severely for their sets. The war party are evidently on the alert, and are not satisfied with the commanding influence Bussia has obtained in Persia by the contract for the construction of rail ways and their maragement for seventy fi.ve years. Commenting upon the an nouncement abjut the experimental de fpatch of troops from Tiflis to Kushk in January last, ' The Times ' suggested that tc damp the ardour of th& war party ic Bussia, and reassure public opinion at home, a portion of the British fleet should be mobilised. ** That instrument of Great * Britain's power, it may be well to remin 1 *? the world, is still intact, and it can snak? ' its presence felt in many parts of Europe ' as well as Asia, should occasion arise.' Perhaps the recent movements of the Bri tish Mediterranean fleet mentioned by cable have been made to remind tUe autho rities who are sending Bussian battalion: to Kushk of the danger of such experi ments. At the opening of the Boman Catholic Cathedral in October last it was announce.] that the members of the Hibernian Society had resolved to present the west window. The commission for the window was placed in tile hands of Messrs. John Hardmanri and Son, Manchester, and Messrs. Hard mann and Son's design lias now been re ceived and accepted. The subject is the miracle of the loaves and fishes as described in tbe Gospel of St. Mark. In the centre panel Christ is seen blessing the loaves and fishes : in the panels on the right St. Philip and St. Peter are distributing to the mul titudes, and on the left St. Andrew anil St. James are engaged in the same duty. Surmounting the whole is a design cmble matical of the Holy Ghost. The design haa been very carefully worked out, and the window, which is to cost £500 complete, will be a great ornament to the Cathedral. Messrs. Walter ltoid and Co., limited, have been appointed sole agents to this dis trict for the sale of Vitadatio, the Tas manian medicine, and Mr. F. Langston will next week open a retail depot at his pre mises, East-street, for the supply to the public BLIGHT. BLIGHT. MOBBIS'S IMPERIAL, EYE OINT MENT.— Beyond douH tbe Best Remedy ; over fifty years' reputation, and still unri valled. Sold everywhere in pots 3s, each. Kctw be without it. . - _ ; ? _._. 