ST. VINCENT'S HOSPITAL ORANGEMEN AGAINST STATE AID. ' Tomato Tom's' Terrible Tirade. A J1EASS OF lilSEItABLE MISSTATEMENTS. 'S he Truth aud The Whole Truth. As Told by Mr. Itruuker, 91. p. The month of July never goes by without some of the more miserably-minded of Sydney Orangemen waving the bloody flag of sectarianism, and thus endeavoring to raise troublo between sections of the com munity who, after all, are only too anxious to live at poaco with one another. But tho members of tlie monkey- shaven brigade could not allow this. Their whole aim and object is to keep inflamed the brutal passions of times long gone past. Upon such passions thoy live and thrive. Liko the piratos of comic opera, THEY 'LIVE BY STRIFE but (and here they differ from these amiable ruffians) they are always most damnably glad to begin it. The . Orange Lodges in Sydney have always been a power in tbe political world ; and in the days of TREASON FELONY ACTS AND EUMA GHOSTS, now happily long gone by, they were at the zenith of their influence. Now, however, their glory has departod ; tho effect of their sway has waned ; and despite repeated efforts on their part, they seem to be mak iBg up none of this leeway. The last attempt made was on Thursday evening, when Tommy Jessep, M.L.A., KNOWN AS 'TOAIAl'O TOM,' the littio bauana merchant from Waverley, let himself go at the Orange celebration in the Town Hall. Tommy made a frantic attack on the Government, and endeavored to induce his hearers to believe that Sir William Lyue's Ministry was in close com munion with the Soarlet Woman, if, indeed, it was not actually coquetting with the Whore of Babylon herself. Thus he launched out in strong terms, and, after apologising for the absence of Bro. Perry, Minister for Public Instruction, delivered himself of the following DIABOLICAL DIATRIBE. Bro. Wilks, ia hit plaoa in Parliament, submitted a series of questions dealing with the question of granting a subsidy to St* Vincent's Hospital and also to the Lewisbam Hospital. Those were two eBtlniuble Roman CatHolio institutions, both Draiseworthr in the very highest degree, but they were non public institutions. The auswer given had been read by the Grand Master. That night ho ( vir, Jeseep) hid consulted tbe late Colo nial Secretary, Mr. Drunker, as to tbe part thtthetook in conneotiou with this matter. He had also obtained a copy of an answer given 'by Mr. Brunker to a great deputation that waited upon him asking for this subsidy. This deputation was introduced by Mr. John Hughes, M. L.C., and asked for a special grant of J52OU0. They represented that in the ye it 1870 tho late Sir Honry Parkes hud given especial grant to the institution, and in the year 1892 Sir G, JL Dibbs granted another J01OOO. It wua represented that the .£2000 was wauted for the ereotion of a special oporating-room. The answer given by the lato Colonial Secretary was that he w is in sympathy with the object of the insti tutions, but that he as a Minister was simply there to administer tbe law. The law abso lutely prohibited ihe Ministry giving conces sions to that institution which were given to other institutions. It was not his fault that the law was against -giving assistance to -his hoBpitalas oompared with other institutions. This was the answer given by the Colonial Scoretary. Mr. Wilks hdd followed that up with n number ot other questions that evoning, end the answer he reoaived was very characteristic 'bluff.' The people of New South Wales would, therefore, know that, if the institutions he had named were to have a proportion of tho Government grant, every other institution, no matter under what name it w&t; carried on, having for its objeotthe alleviation of distress, mast stand nb-olutely on tbe same footing. Then he launched out into a lot of rhodo moutade about 'their Order had never done anything wjiich could causo tho blush of shame to tinge the cheek,' etc. If that be true, and this paper is not at present con cerned therewith, the record is sadly broken now, for 'Bro' Jessep's speech, as quoted above, was a miserable MASS OF MENDACIOUS STATE MENTS which cannot but besmirch tbe Order of which he seemB so proud. What -are the facts of the case which die so grievously mis quoted? On Tuesday, April 25, .1809, a deputation, introduced by Hon. JohnHughes, M.L.O., Vice-President of the Executive Council, waited on the then Colonial Secre tary, Hon. J. N. Brunker, with a request that he should grant a sum of £2000 to St. Vincent's Hospital, for the purpose of erect ing an operating theatre. The'deputation rnmnriaed Drs. Williams, Fairfax Ross, M'C&rthy;, O'Neill, Scott-Skirving, C. H. Maher, Odillo Maher,. Kenna, Mullens, Muller, A. A. Cohen ; MesBrs, Cope laud, Ashton, Clarke, O'Snllivan, Waddell, 1). Davis, W. W. Davis, Byrne, Hawthorne, Quinn, SpruBon, M&ckay;, Ferris, Spence, And Carroll, Mb.LA. The merest glance at these names will show how totally uueoctarian was the depu tation. Almost every branch of religious belief was represented, and such was a route but eloquent testimony of the fact that, though established and carried on under Catholic auspices, the hospital was ENTIRELY UNSECTARIAN in its operations and usefulness. Tlie depu tation pointed out that the hospital knew neither creed uor position, ana admitted every class of patients without tho slightest question. It showed that tho institution, with the exception of two grants—one from Sir Henry Parkes and the other from Sir George Dibbs— had been entirely self supporting, and had expended no less a sum than £53,382 during its existence. Eooh of the speakers spoke in eloquent terms of the excellent work done by the hospital, and pointed out that the very poorest were ad mitted, and received exactly the same treatment as did those paying full rates. Special mention was also made of the fact that, whereas St. Vincont'shad always paid sewerage rates, Prince Alfred Hospital hod been forgiven £1000 of ovcrduo sewerago rates, despite the fact that a speoial sewer, had been constructed ' for it at a cost of £15,000. The deputation urged that tho sum requested be granted, as tho operating thcatro was much too small, and that en largement was necessary owing to the very large number of accidents they were forced to treat annually. MR. BRUNKER'S REPLY. In reply to this, Mr. Brunker said : Mr. Hughes, ttiui geutiemen, 1 aiu viry plcased to receive thin deputation lo-dsy, in view of contributing to tbe more perfect oyc' iu wbich you wish to adopt in connection will. S . Viaceat'a Hospital. 1 my that not only my eympuhiee are strongly with y»u. cot only notn the representations that you b»*e i»*do Lere to-day, tut iroin tho repreienmtionti that are received 1 torn the general public with regaid to ibe treatment administered to patients and the liberal way in which they are receivid in i?t. Vincent'* Hospital. With ihis esauranoe I nm. sure that you need no further words from me to Oiinvince you of my deeire to 'do everything 1 possibly can, not only for the purpose Of mehiug your institution as complete aud perfect i m pos sible, 1 but also to exercise my boat effort* to make every .institution similarly enabled to curry ant their work in ibe mo*i purfeot manner. You are, of course/ uwaro (hat Mimsteis who ocoupy the' M -mn losiiii'D h5 I do, are here simply to ed minisls.' ibe law. just aa ibty find It, Reform i * has been made to tbe small amount received by 6\ Vincent's Hospital in consideration of the t'urge amount of work that they do — and very ex. cellont work it ie, and done in tho interest of every section of the eemmrfnity— it has ouly received & very small earn in compari* so a with other institutions of a similar chat scter. Now, the law prohibits tbe Micistere from asking concessions to that institution which are given to other institutions; the law prohibit* it, and I dare say those of you who are ucquain-ed with tbe law thoroughly understand (he aerenion wbich I am making. It is not my fault that the law has limited the auionnt of aeais'ance to this hospital as ojin pared with other institutions. Jt is simply because we have a law to admin i«t»T and have to carry it out* So fur as I am individually con cerned, ae I said at the outset, you have my elrunceet sympathy, irrespective of what you hav* chid to- lay, wnk regard to (be liberal treat ment that paiieuts have received at St, Viu cenl's Hospital. 1 shall havo very much, plea* sure in bringing the representations mado by this influential deputation before tbe Cabinet, and trust that I inuy be able to. suc- ceed in obtaining vrhnt you ectually require. 1 know from my observation in various hospitals throughout the colony, that there i* a great lack of accommodation with regard to their operating theatres. Most of those I have seen have been ' lacking in this direction, which is an absolute necessity, and in fact are far from being com plete. 1 may say that I think it is rhe duty of the Government to render suoh assistance as to hive institutions such as St. Vincent's Hospital made as perfect ami complete aa any institution in the world. It is the dnty and tbe rigot oi the public to have these institutions rendered -& every respect fully adapted (o the purpose for which tbev are oalablishod. 1 shall be glad to give you mv asiistance, and shall make a repre sentation to the Cabinet about; it to-day* A perusal of this verbatim report of what Mr. Brunker 6&id;, and a comparison of what Mr. Jessep alleges he said, will at once show the scandalous shiftiness of that SCREECH OWL OF SECTARIAN SAVAGERY. Mr. Brunker never alleged it was against the law to make a grant to this institution, but he Baid the Ikw precluded that hospital getting the same concessions as other insti tutions, and that the law limited the amount of assistance it should get. This very ex pression, 'limited,' shows 'that the law did not say St. Vincent's should get nothing, but it plainly indicates a provision of the law — and equally patently it shows that Mr. Brunker was cognisant thereof— that some assistance might be given. And tnat this view is correct is proved by tho fact that previous administrations had made special, grants. The Reid Government, despite Mr. Brunker's sympathetic utterances, however, did nothing, and shortly after the date of the interview, they were igaominiouslj kicked out of office, leaving the request to be dealt with by their successor. Having given every consideration thereto, Sir William Lyne's Administration granted £1000 — a grant to which no sane or sober man, of gentlemanly instincts, in the com munity would take exception. But Tommy Jessep, and his brother YELLOW-BELLY BARRACKERS, raised an awful yowl. Now the question arises as to whether tk Government having granted this money have any right of inspection over its ex penditure. The Yellow Pup drops a mangy tear and says ' No,' inferring thereby that the hospital can, if they be so inclined, ex pend it for any purpose they think fit. Such, however, is not the case ; the law on tlie matter is very clear. By the Publio Institutions Inspection Act of 1866, it is provided that It Bball be lawful for the Governor. . ? a to appoiot an Inspector of Publio Charities, tbe duty of which officer uader the insi ructions of the Colonial Secretary for the time being shall be to vi«it and inapeot all hospitals, infirmaries, orphan schooia and charitable institutions wnioh are wholly or in part supported by grants from the publio revenue, and to con duct inquiries, etc.' From thfs is plain that the Government ' has ample control over the disbursement of its grant, and can demand an account of the expenditure of every farthing of the £1000. This is not alone Truth's opinion, but is the firm belief of all the leading Parlia- ! menitarians. Wh&t; then becomes of THE MENDACIOUS MOUTHINGS of tbe Orangemen ? They are like the i fruitless baying at the moon of tbe mongrel j cur — at once discordant, purposeless, and j annoying. That Mi. Jessep's shriekings were wholly insinoere, and at the same time uttered for the sole purpose of waving the red flag of religious intolerance may be I gauged from the fact that he has urged the Government to break this alleged law, for 1 whose sanctity he now so loudly yells. Thus, in June, 189S, we find him addressing j the then Colonial Secretary, Mr. J. N° I Brunker, as under : — j Dear bir,— t have the 'honor, on behalf of . ] ths St. Vincent's de Paul Society, Waverley 1 Branch, to make application for the supply j of £0 pair blankets, 'i his society is doing ez« j oellent work amongst the poor of Waverley, 1 and the blankets will be properly distributed 1 by the president of the Society, to whom I I recommend the blankets to bo sent. — Yours, I etc., (Signed; Thos. Jessep. I Address : James Carroll, President, I Waverley Branch, bt. V. de P. I Thus it is palpable that for the sake of I SNARING A FEW CATHOLIC VOTES ? I in his electorate, Mr. Jossep is not averse to I the breaking of tiiat alleged law, for whose I preservation he is now so suddenly and so I frantically solicitous. I O, TOMMY, TOMMY ! I Yes aud yea, verily thou art a twicer! I Verily art thou a humbug; and more, a. I Solitical and roligious bigot of the most 1 angerous typo ! A real rotten banana I in religion 1 But his effort fell fiat, I Only a few hours after his tirade, I tbe good sense of Parliament got down I on him in no uncertain manner. ? He experienced a very bad quarter of an . I hour from the members. The Premier, Sir I William Lyne, announced lie would never I speak to him again, and other lion, members I expressed in strong terms their disapproval ? of his scandalous misstatements and dis* I graceful distortion of facta None but a I zealot, of a most peculiar character, would ? condonm a grant to so excellent an inBlitu- I lion as St. Vincent's. But, indeed, so ? sudden a solicitudo for the sanctity of the . ? law comes most absurdly from a body whose I aim over has been to set suet against sect, ? and keep revivod in this new land the worst ? and most brutal passions of the old. I The Queen of Ilaly is said to bo not only I the most beautiful but ope of the best edu- I oitod of all European Queeus. the speaks ? English, French, Gorman and Spanish, reads I Latin and Groek, knows the great poets I thoroughly, reads Darwin, Ruskin, and ? much theological literature, is a botanist I and geologist, and devotes much timo to M charitable projects. ? An original miniature of the Queen, which ? was painted by Mr Eruest Rinzi in 1608 as I a design for portraits of her Majesty to be ? oncluBcd in lockets for presentation to native ? chiefs in the Northern Territories of the ? Gold Coast, has been presented to the Koyal I Colonial Institute by the {Secretary of State ' I for the Colonies on behalf of tuo GjUI Coast ? Government. ? Tho Pope is a real lover of flowers. When ? he allows himself some recreation (aqd this I is generally when his physician has ordered a rost) ho spends the time, if possible, in the I Vatican gardens. With gentle touch he will I raise the blossoms for inspection, remove ? dead petals or leaves, almost caressing his ? fovourite plants, .before whioh he often stand I in lengthy oontemplation. ? Tbe Paris police have discovered a re- I workable hotel in tho Faubourg St Antoine. ? It was a resort of thieves. The rooms had I double ceilings, the floor had trapdoors, and a &U; the drawers in the furniture had false a bottoms. Largo quantities of jewels, money ? and securities generally weie discovered. ? During the searoh the maidservant in the I kitchen threw something into the sosp. I The soap was strained, and proved to con- ? tain diamond rings. ? 