A NOVEL GHOST STORY. Authentic ghost stories are apt to hex* lees , point than the ghost stories of literature. { Hamlet's fatherduw uot iwisltthe glimpse# l of the moon for nothing. Uanquo has every cause to trouble the feast and the conscience of Macbeth, and so on. Tales which have no claim to classic dignity follow theae standard examples. The other world in fiction docs not reveal itself unreasonably. to tbe tele pathic records of our friends who believe in psychical research something similar may often be observed. The phantasms of the living, for example, if you once grant them, may generally justify'lhemselvea for some thing better than caprice. With the few ghost stories, however, which come to one's knowledge neither from literature nor from scientific associations, nor from mere hear say, the case is dcprcssingly different. The apparitions seem either very unreasonable or governed in their conduct bylines of reason ing totally foreign to any human habit. Such, at least, wss the case when about seven years ago a curious thing happened in a small town on the coast of Hew England. The incident has no rational meaning. At the same time it produced on the people con cerned an impression sufficiently marked to make it worth recording. Its very lack of meaning, perhaps, gives it a tantalising odd ity of its own. Towards the end of one August a gentle man started a little after eight o'clock in the evening to call on some friends who lived a , mile or more away. He drove himBelf in an j ordinary buggy, and his horse was an every- j day animal from a country stable. His road, j with which he was perfectly familiar, led j down a hill, at the-foot of which it curved | towards a belt of low woods, through which it proceeded for perhaps a quarter of a mile. After emerging from these woods it passed through a region of stone walled pastures to th'e village, at the edge of which his friends lived. These friends-were sitting indoors, for the evening, though rather less dark than uBual, was distinctly chilly. Their hoiue was quite new— so new, in fact, that the fence which now separates the grounds from the highway had not yet been put up. In place of it a rough board fence, of the height of an ordin ary country rail fence, had been knocked together for the moment. This structure, however, was by no meanB firm, the boards which composed it were hastily nailed to posts at a considerable distance apart. At 8.30 or so the visitor arrived at his destination. He was a man of education and intelligence, and of unusually simple and regular habits. He certainly was not pos sessed of much imagination, nor was he generally excitable. Von would have called , him, perhaps, agreeably matter- of-fact in temper. His friends, then, were surprised to observe that he was in a Btate of distinct agitation. ] He had driven down the hill, he said, with- j out adventure; and nothing had happened until he had reached the edge of the woods through which his road passed. There he had keen startled by a sudden movement of hie horse, which stopped short, and, appar ently in terror, shied to one Bide of the road. Looking to see what had startled the animal, which was now trembling, he perceived close to tbe front wheel of his buggy the figure of a man. This man wore a broad -brimmed , hat, which flapped a little over his face.; and his body seemed draped in a long cloak, or . some such unusual garment. Altogether, in the dim light, he had an unusual look. He , said nothing, so the man in the buggy j addressed him, asking what he wanted. He I made no answer and no movement whatever. Meanwhile the horse kept edging away from him. Disturbed by this state of affairs, the driver whipped the animal, which started ahead rather wildly. To his intense surprise, the figure remained close to the wheel. As the horse dashed on, the figure glided on, at a pace which no ordinary man could pretend to keep up, yet without eitherXx sound or an obvious motion. Then, as the driver's eye grew more used to the dim light, the figure, thus gliding swiftly beside him, seemed half transparent. At one or two points where the woods were thin he could see through the thing — whatever it was — to the stone walls, and the trees behind it. He whipped the horse again and again, and the horse, which seemed thoroughly frightened, went at fnll speed. Still their unearthly companion glided od, until just as they were emerging from the woods, it suddenly disappeared. That was the whole story. A fact which afterwards transpired was not at that time known to any of the oompany. At this moment the spot where the thing vanished is a small country lot, covered with a tangled growth of low pines and underbrush, A century or more ago, it appears, this lot was a burying-ground. N Whatever the excited gentleman had really seen, his agitation was rather painful After about half an.hour, however, it began to subside under the influence of sympathetic talk ; and presently he said good- bye to the company. He was to leave that part of the country next day; and he wiBhejl to make another farewell call or two before proceeding home. So everybody took friendly leave of him, as they supposed for the season. Not more tfian a minute or two elapsed be fore he returned. Something, he said, had happened to his horse; in the darkness he could not quite make out what the matter was; he should have to ask for a lantern. So a lantern was procured; and the whole company, whose curiosity was thoroughly aroused, went out with him to see what had occurred. The part of the Btory which follows, then, had a number of witnesses; otherwise it would be as incredible as- it ce.rfainly._was meaningless. With equal certainty, however, it was distinctly and unpleasantly queer. Wiben the gentleman had reached the house he had stopped his horse just outside , the temporary board fence which separated tha grounds from the public road. Finding no regular arrangements for tying the animal, he had taken a rather long hitching strap, which was in hiB buggy, and made it fast to the top board of the fence. This proved to be about three feet above the ground on which the horse was left standing. The reins, meanwhile, had been tucked between the splashboard of the buggy and the whip, ' which was standing in its socket. Thus left oiitside the rough fence, to which it was securely tied, the horse had seemed perfectly safe. But when its master had come out again? something had evidently gone wrong, j To discover just what this was Hie lantern had heenbrought,and the oompany had come out. ... 1 The light of the lantern revealed a state j of things which has never been explained. , What had happened was this: Somehow or , other tbe horse had bodily got over the fence I and was standing on the ground inside. The ( buggy, meanwhile, remained outside, and the shafts almost touched the board which, now. separated the horse from the . vehicle. Qf course, one's first thought was -that the j animal, which had shared its master's dis- ' turbance, hod got restless and had. jumped the fence. But on careiful examination no 1 traces of such restlessness were to be found. .The reins were still tuoked,not very securely, between the splashboard and the whip. There were no marks on either side of the fence which would indicate any violent move files) of the horee'e feet The fence, again, was too high for any hunw to step over with out hiUing it; yet it bore no traces of any blow from a hoof. What is more, it was ao tightly knocked together that any violent movement on the horse's part would probably have pulled itapart; yet it was as firm as ever. In short, whatever had really happened, the appearance of things was exactly what would have resulted from an utterly impossible occurrence, namely, the bodily lifting of the animal over the fence from the public road to the grounds within. A certain fact is that the only way of re leasing the horse was to unharness him from the buggy and to lead him round to the vehicle again through a gate some little diataaoe away. In the process of unharness ing, too, it became evident that the harness had in no way been diisturbed. To explain the thing st oil, in short, we had to conclude that while the gentleman wae making his call and relating his ghostly experience some mischievous passer-by had taken the trouble deliberately to unharnese the horse, to lead him through the gate, and to harness him to the vehicle once more, and that, having taken all this trouble,-the mischief-maker had proceeded on his way. Very certainly, no one was near enough to see the ensuing confusion. Very certainly, too, no other bit of mischief even remotely similar has been perpetrated in that part of the country for over fifteen years. That this extraordinary occurrence, trivial and meaningless though it were, should so instantly have enBued upon the ghostly visi tation of the victim certainly made an un canny impression on the whole company of six or eight people who stood by while the unlucky horse was reharuessed by lantern ligbt to the uninjured buggy. This process finished, everyone finally bade good-bye to their disturbed friend, who started alone on hiB homeward drive. So far as any of them have ever known, nothing further happened to him that night. One fact, however, re mains to be added. No one of that company, all of whom had known him well, ever saw him again. Before the next summer he had died. [The End.] 