Lover or Husband. CHAPTER IX. TOE TORTURE OE JACKY. Boforo nine next' morning; all Welford, House was up in arras. The local police liad arrived and detectives from London ; each and every person in tho house had been put through an examination as to thoir where abouts at tho timo of the robbery, and no one had oither evidence or suspicion to offer. Gillian had gone into tho room ?where tho 1\. J -i? i.1._ 1 ? 1 ? !?__ ? _ ? 1 uuuu oi iuu iuuui puiico was sGGiiig eacu per son ono by one. She looked palo and fright ened, and very young. Not oven the London dotectivo droamed for ono moment that this pretty, grey-eyed girl, who had lost hor pearl necklace, knew more about the robbery than any one but the man who had planned it. She stood by tho door, her hand on a chair, for hor knees wero shaking. What should she do if they asked hor a' question sho could not evade ? The beating of her heart shook hor, but her eyes never blenched nor her lips faltered as she answored the vory cursory questions asked her. She little knew that it was to Sir Charles Vivian she owed tho fact that they wero so few. ? His statement not livo tninutes since to tho local man, who was a tenant of his, had taken all responsibility off Gillian's shoulders. ' What was I doing, Evans P' ho had said. ' Let mo see ! Tlio danco before supper I had with Miss Hamilton,'' musingly. 'I was called away to speak to Lady Welford ; I came back later on, mot Miss Hamilton at tho drawing-i'oom dooi', and ,wo went in to ' supper. We were still there when tho news oame out. I'm afraid I'm not a very useful witness, Evans, or Miss Hamilton, either.' 'No, Bir, no! It's just a matter of form,' apologetically. ' You didn't see any one sus picious in tho ball-room or anywhere P' ' I saw a lot of idiots in fancy dress, but I saw them all at supper afterwards, and thoy seemed pretty respectable,' absently. Ho had forgotten all about tho monk, whom ho cer tainly had not seen at supper. 'I'll send Miss Hamilton now, Evans,' and ho had departed, quite unconscious that to save Gillittn discomfort ho had , utterly dis posed of all hopes of catching the thieves ; and with no idea that it was certainly ? not Gillian Hamilton who had beon with him during that dance boforo suppor. 'I suppose wo can see your maid 1'. Mr. Evans Baid, as Gillian was turning away, having been asked nothing as to hor move ments but how sho oamo to forget her pearl nooldace. ' Yes, of ?course. Bufcslio was ill ; I sent her to bed,' truth that was not truth making hor feol sick with shame. , 'Sho know nothing about my not wearing, my pearls.' ' 111 in bod ? Oh, well ! wo need not see her.' Mr. Evans lmd no idea of making him self disliked by tho future Lady Vivian, as ho considered Gillian from Sir Charles's manner u j. ojjuaiwiuy ui ii ur. Tho London detectivo, yawning in tho back ground, agreed with him. This amateur non sense about tho pooplo in tho liouso was childish ; ho was quite certain ho oould put his liugors on tho thieves, Wollford houso was not tlio first burglary lio had boon on gaged in' discovering, but it was tho ono ho hail dotorminod to nnrival ; for tho valuo of tho stolon jewels was onormoas ; not a woman of tho house party had saved anything but tho jewels sho was wearing, and tho aggre gate reward offered for tho bereft onos would amount to. a docont competency for lifo.' Gillian, thankful to esoapo flow upstairs to hor room. ' Jaoky,' sho shut tho door and spoko in a neodlosB whisper,' ' you needn't go dowu. Tho man says, ho doesn't want you.' Jaoky was packing furiously, for tho robbory ?liad bi'okon up the party, Tho duohoss had already sot tlio oxdmplo by leaving for London and, Mr. Marohmont was only too anxious to. follow hor' august load. ' ? . Sho looked up from whore sho knelt in hor smart blaok satin and showed off lior round young figure so daintily. Ho.r ,,oyos wore swollen and heavy ; thoro woro.:' linos round hor mouth that had novor boon thoro and thoy sli'owod through all lior faoo bloaohl , ' How did you do it P' sho said, slowly* ' I didn't doit. Tho man said it of his own aooord.' Jaokoy laid in the last gown with out. a word and looked and . strappod tlio boxes. Then sho got up as if hor knees woro still and old. ' . ( ' Gill,' sho said,' ' havo you thouglifc'at all of what wo'ro going to do P' .' Do P Wo oan't do anything. 4 It's, dono,' her, voioo full of 'a resigned dospair that mado hor sister furiously angry.1 What do you moan P' ... Just what;,,!, say,' slowly. ' We thought bfioursolvos last night ; I don't know whothor wo oan go pn'/lomg it.' ' Wo had nothing to: do with the robbory,' sharply. 1 ' No. Wo qould only''' li'avo caught tlio iliiovos I Don't look so frightonod, I havon't nny Montion of tolling. It's only that I saw Mrs. Faroliam's maid this morning and sho says hor mistross is noatfy orazy. Thoso diamonds of liors,woroborrowoc1fromaoousin who is married to 'a Jow stookbrokorj tho man hatos hor ; sho will havo to pay ovory ponuy thoy Vo worth if thoy'ro not raoovarod ' and face a scandal besides, for. ho is quite capable of saying that sho stole them. You see there are other people to suffer besides you and mo !' Gillian put her hands to her head. ' Jacky, what con I do ?'' sho cried, passionately. ' Put yoni'self in my place. Think, think, what you would feel like if you wero me ! How do I know that if I told oil I know and said I was his wife, that I might not find out ho had been married before ! And what would I bo then ?' her miserable faco crimson. ' You can think of Mrs. Pareham. Can't you think first of mo P' Think of her ! Not till daylight was gray in tlio east had Jacky Hamilton thought of any one but Gillian. Then as if a knife had been plunged deep in her breast and someone had suddenly turned it, hor own agony came to her. It ,was Lesard who had done this thing ! Lesard, tho heart of her heart, who was a liar and a thief, tho right hand in iniquity of tho man ho had despised and condemned. His stern, lean face, his hawk's eyes, his mouth that was so sweet and Btrong, had risen up before her in tho dawning, clear as if she saw' them in very deed.' Sho buried her head in Iter hands. An insult, a deadly treachery, Aud jf Lesard were such as this, could thore bo any truth anywhere in oartli or heaven ? Small wonder hor faco was haggard when she rose and painted it to faco tho world. Gillian could talk ; only she must bo silent while black crime went by, for Gillian's sake, not Lesard's. Thero was nothing but fierce loathing in her for tho man who had wronged thom both ; sho could liavo kissed Lesard on his lips for fl.r, Unnnt,, *!,„-? ,1 into his heart in tho same breath for tho very hatred of him. And now Gillian cried out to think of hor ! Jaoky caught her breath. ' I do think of you.' I'd kill myself, soul and body for you !' she muttered. 'Don't speak to mo like that !' 'I know,' Gillian was crying silontly. ' You don't want mo' to tell ; say you don't !' sho pleaded. 'Listen, Jaoky! Thon you'll know I couldn't tell, you'll understand. I mot Lesard when I was with fathor ; I think I loved him from tho very first day. You've seoij him — did you over see any man like him? Wh6 looked like him, moved like him, had suoh ways?' with a curious prido. )?; Jacky Hamilton dropped to her knees like' an ox undor tho butcher's mallet; and laid hoi head on Gillian's knees to hide hor painted', distorted race. f ' No ! Go on,' sho said, withja hard-bitten lip. 'Goon.' ? ? ' Woll, ho loved me. Tho day he told me oo tho room went round. I couldn't seo. I heard his voice as if ho wero miles aWay. I. could have faced the judgment day when hq kissed mo — ' I (Jacky 's head was strangely still on Gil-; lian's knee's.) I 'But I can't face it now. Wo woro married ; I couldn't tell you, ho did npt want, father to know. I U6ver thought they liked J each othei'. Ho novor seemed at ease with j fathor — what's tho matter'?'' ? j 'Nothing,1' holding herself in an iron grip again, for she had startod against Gill's knees. ' Not at ease' did -not sound liko Losard; ! onco sho would havo smiled scornfully at tho words — now sho know his reason, and was quiob. ' Wo wero married,' Gillian went on, ' at tho registrar's. I lied to father. I said I was going homo and I went to Lesard. I lived with him for a fortnight. I was happier than tho saints in heaven. Ho was so tender, so strong and sweet and merry. You can't know — you'vo only seen him onco or twico, haven't you P' ' A littlo moro,' very gontly. Would Gilian novor Btnp ? Novor get on to his for saking hor, and throwing hor over ? How else should sho bo able. to. keep down tho mad anger iu hor that any othor woman — ovon Gillian — should toll hor those things of LeBard. ' You sent for mo thon ; Miss Jano was ill. It nearly killed mo to leave him. Ho kissed mo in tlio train, lie had grey clothes on and a white carnation in his coat ' — her voico at tho little, foolish dstail soft and full with love, tho voico of a uow Gillian whom Jacky did not know. ' Ho said ' Good-byo, sweetheart ! Bo good — don't forgot mo !' -' ' My God in heaven keop mo quiot — keep mo still,' prayod Jacqueline Hamilton at hor sister's, knee. ' Yes,' she cried, sharply. ' Go on, Gill ! I can't bear it.' 'I can't go on, thoro's no moro,' with a dreadful, mirthless smile. You know thoso w.fn,.c T rrn™ „n,.P n.VI rrn, i rnnrl tlinm P' ' No. I've got thom— hero !' ' Bring tliom. Road tho ond for yourself.' Jaoky, liko. a girl in a dream, fotohod tho bundle of letters from hor littlo drossing-oaso. If Losard had known what it hold ho would surely liavo secured it before all tho jowols in the house, sho thought .bitterly, watching Gillian as she picked out that last lettor. As sho stared at it open in her hand sho know sho oould suffer no moro, sinbo the tor turod overmuch grow, numb. Sho had nevor had but one note from Losard, and sho had laughod at a curious trick in. his hand-writing. Thero was a full-stop between noarly ovory word,;rathor high up, with no oonnootion at all with pliriotuation or sense. And sho was looking at thoso dreadful littlo. full stops now that sho had laughed at. ''My'-, dear . Gillian,' sho read, 'I . meant . to write . to you . some . timo ago, to toll you you . noodn't . como back . to me. I promised to lot you - . know when . Iwautodyou. I . did not . think at' . tho . timo I should . not want to . havo you . as my wifo ' . again. You will understand . that this lettor . is difficult . for mo to writo, . and so I . had bottor oloso it . and say good byo.-— L.' With ajork of her wrist Jaoky sout tho lottor 'into tho firo, as if itB touch dofilod hor: ' What a dovil, what a dovil !' she oriod in n furious whispor. 'And nf tor that,' turn ing on Gillian cowering' in ' lior chair, ' you oan stiok to him ? You oan hold your tonguo and not bdlrny him P' Gillian looked up, hor groy oyos dark with something Jaoky oould not understand. 'I was 'his wifo;' sho said, Slowly. .. . 11 If lxo; woro ,ton; timosi, what ho is, I would stick to him still.'' ? ? . ; 'And I would murdor him, ' tho words out fiorooly in ! tlio- quiot room. , Listoii iio mo, .(Gill ! I will koop your soorot for you on ono condition — only ono. That you follow out my plan. It is only for your sako thut l do not toll nil I know this rniuuto to. tlioso mon, downstairs.' Sho eat ddwn, very ciobc to Gillian, and talked with a quick clearness that mado the elder sister wonder as she heard, As she listened thero was a look of hope on her faco that had not been thoro since she had heard littlo MrB. Parebam's scream of misery the night before. ' We can't do it, Jacky ! We're not strong enough, nor bravo enough,' sho cried at last, but thero was still that hope in her face. 'Wo must! It will mean her jewclB for that poor little woman downstairs j ruin for Marchmontj freedom for you' — checking them off on her fingers, that had suddenly learned to curve themselves cruelly, ' and a little revenge — for mo !' ' Revenge for you ! Why ?' wide-eyed. ' Oh ! you aro my sister,' with hard light ness. ' 'Revenge becomes mo woll,' like tho lady in tho poem. Get dressed ! Tho carriage is at the door.' CHAPTER X. THE KEY TO THE REFERENCES. It is not good for a woman to havo for the mainspring of her existence a black and quiot hatred of the man' whom once sho loved. It was Jacqueline Hamilton's first thought on waking, it was tho nightmare that kept sleep from her eyes. Do what she would sho could not banish that haunting ghost of Lesard j each word ho had said to her rose up and battered at her brain, that it might not bo foi'gotten. And as if hor own wrongs woro not enough, thero was Gillian turning to a pale shadow of herself boforo hor very eyes. I* or it would be no easy thing for tho mon who had robbed Wollford House to get clear, and Gillian know it. There was not a news paper reador in England who did not know to a stone just ewhat thoy had taken, from tho duchess'B tiara of pearls and diamonds and priceless necklaco of rubies, to poor littlo Mrs. Fareham's borrowed brooches and bracelets. Even tho men who mado their living by buying stolen jewels would be afraid to tako these at the price of a ten pound note for the lot. Most of thom were celebrated family jewels, about as easy to dispose of as the Kohinoor. And thoro was no safety in tho foroign market, for Amsterdam, Paris, and New York were just now as dangerous as London. Who ever had tho plunder would havo to wait a long timo boforo disposing of it, and walk vory Hnftlv in tho mimntimn. And of all places in England Hamilton 1 Placo seemed tho quietest, the furthest re moved from anything out of tho common. Thero had been no midnight reunions of Mr. Marohmont and his upper servants ; no visitors in dark or daylight, that wero not woll known in the neighbourhood ; further more,' Jacky had satisfied herself that there ?was not a gamekoepor to bo found on tho whole ostato, with tho exception of a doddering old man, with a stupid, overfed grandson as his only holper. Thoso two clean built men in velveteen that night had certainly been flesh nnd blood, but thoy woro quite as certainly no servants of Marchmont's. Nor did she think they could bo farmers, for thanks to those recommendations Gillian was no longor in a kind of state prison whore walks wero forbidden ; with hor rod-hairod maid in charge sho might roam whore slio would withim tho limits of tho liugo estate. And the two had, Jacky thought, scourod ovory inch of it and found.no spot where two confederates could possibly dwell. If it had not beon for tho newspapers, full of startling paragraphs about supposed dis coveries of tho missiuer iewels — imrairranhs that wore contradicted next day — and for the damning fact that sho had never hoard one word from Losard, Jaoky could havo thought tho wholo thing a dronm. But not Gillian ! Sho devoured ovory nows pap'or she could lay her hands on, boliovod every word sho road till it was doniod, and shook with fright all day long for tho man sho loved still., Mr. Marohmont had offered a roward for tho missing pearl collar as his neighbours had dono for their moro valuable things. Gillian saw tho notice ovory Sunday, stuok up in the vil lage whoi'o sho drove to churoh with her guar dian. Mr. Marohmont was novor absent from morning service, any moro than Miss Hamil ton's maid was over seen in tho servant's pew. But she saw tho notice ono day as sho was on an errand for tho housekeeper, and tho inso lenco of it made hor. furious. Quiot as things looked, sho was absolutely certain that not only did Mr. Marohmont know exactly where that collar was, but that it and overy thing else that had boon stolen was safely stored in his house. Something olso, too, brought hor impatienoo to ahead. Gillian had heard from tho doleful Sir Simon Wollford that proceed ings to recover tho valuo of tho borrowed diamonds had boon bogun against Mrs. Pareham by tho Jow stockbroker, and ' borrowed' was not tho ugliest word used in oonnootion with tho matter. If thoy woro uot found soon thore would bo littlo repu tation left for tho protty young widow who had no powerful family to back hor up. ' It's all very woll to wait till they're off thoir guard,' Jaoky thought, as Bho repaired to Mrs. Gibbs with tho toothacho drops for whioh she had boon sont to tho villag^, ' but goodness knows whoro thoso diamonds .will bo by that time, and sho, wants thom now !' ' Oomo in !' oriod the housekeeper, joyfully, ' or as muoh so as n raging tooth would por mit. Sho had a vast rospoot for tho rod-. haired girl ovor smoo sho had returned from | Wollford House, absolutoly silont about tho i robbory. Mrs. Gibbs was not accustomed to such behaviour from any ono with suoh rooommondations, and had quite given up tho idoti that Mary Jamos know nothing. ' Havo you got tho drops P Thank good ness, for between paiu and Marohmont fuss ing round. I'm noarly wild.' . ' W.hat'S' tho mattor with him P' shortly. It wns^odd to livo in your grandfather's houso a sorvant, and knowing nothing about its master except what filtorod through tho houso lcoopor. ' , 'Oh, they'vo sont a man down from tho London dotootivo foroo and lib's forroting about ovory whoro I Ho was horo all tho morn ing, asking about thoso poarls, nnd Maroh mont isn't ono to bo worried about a few two penny poarls. Bosides— — ' ; Jaoky laughod. standing with ono small foot on tho foudoiv It was* all vory woll to bo as far abovo suspicion as Omsar's wifo, or Mr. Marohmont of Hamilton Place, but it might nevertheless bp unoomfortablo, to havo fifty thousand pounds worth' of stolon joAVolB in your possession. 'It's all vory woll for you to laugh !' Mrs. Gibbs romarkod orossly, through tho- largo silk handkerchief that adorned hor liodd. ' You havon't got to put up with his tantrums. I can toll you ho can bo a Tartar 1' * r ' A dovil incarnate,' somo ono else had called him ! Jacky winced at the thought. ? ' As for me,' pursued Mrs. Gibbs, ' I'm not going to catch my death of cold creeping round any houso after dark, but he was that vicious I daren't say so. I wonder if you wouldn't go down to-night after the houso is quiot and open that door under your window ! Could you, like a good girl P' She had thrown caution to the winds sinco sho had decided that tho new maid knew everything. ' Where's the butler ?' cautiously. As for the two footmen, sho had long ago discovered that they were merely ordinary servants, like tho maids. ' Gono on an errand,' significantly. ' He was tho only one to send. You'll leave the door open tor mm ; tnere s no latchkeys m this rattle-trap castle. I don't fancy it myself. Givo mo a good town house, with a door into tho next one, and so I told Marohmont ! But no ! This was drunken Tom Hamilton's scheme and Marclimont fancied it,' Tom Hamilton ! His daughter stood aghast. ' Why,' sho said, lamely, ' he was Miss Hamilton's fathor !' But the the housekeeper was taken up with an extra twinge j she did not see the surprise in tho blue eyes that did not match tho red hair. That Tom Hamilton had been a disre putable vagabond no one Know Better tnan ms daughters, but not even Gillian had dreamed of this. Gillian, who had found in his old writing desk thoso magical references that had worked for Jacky liko a Freemason's grip in a foreign country. ' 0 course, and I can't see how sho comes to bo such a fool ! Ho had good wits when ho wasn't drunk. It was he who worked out this plaoo, of trusting no ono who didn't havo references.. Why, ovon the butler had to take his with him to-day, that they might know ho was sont. I confess I was staggered when I saw yours ! I expected just an ordinary girl, but I suppose Billy thought it was1 safer, you hung about so much with Miss Hamilton. And it's lucky for me to-night, because you can let them in !' The maid oould only nod. Who was Billy ? And what was this dreadful news aljiout hor father, whoso blood ran in hor veins ? Had ho beon a thief and in league with thieves, and was there no truth nor honour any wliero r - Sho dared not think, standing before Mrs. Gibbs, whom even toothache might not blind to the look on her faco. ' It's safer, much !' sho returned, with composure. ' You can trust mo to seo to tho door,' but as she turned away her heart boat madly. For all sho know this very night her enemies might givo themselves into hor hands ! ( To be continued.) 