OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. Wednesday. . Eriry'iody is talking "f the promised visit to Australia mxc year of the Duke antLDuchcss <£ Yo:k. 'lie news comes at a lime, ton, when we had given up tile hope of seeing out here a member of the Royal Family. We had invited Lord Roberts to come over after he had got fbrnnnh with thrashing the Boers in South Africa, but "Bobs" also "re gretted that he coul 1 not sec his way to accept our kind invitation." Then like a b,lt from the " Royal blue" comes the present intelligence. And His Royal Highness is to open our Federal Parliament too. Here is a verit able " piling of Pelion on Ossa" as far as dignified and exalted personages are con- cernedt We thought ourselves very lucky to get I ord Hopetoun, but' the Sh-ulow of the Throne of. Empire of. Great Britain will be over him on the day that the iieralds with all due pomp and magnifi cence declare that the first Union Parlia ment of the Southern Confederation is by the Grace of Cod and the Sovereign wish of ?Her Majesty Quten Victoria declared duly oirened for the transaction of the business of the Australian Com monwealth. And if we do lose our heads a bit on that " great and glorious occasion" what does it matter. It is not every day we consummate the Federation of States like those that are in the future to be known as the Australian Commonwealth —the consummation of which has been the work of years. And when one even now gives a few minutes consideration to the magnificene 3 that is bound to attend that ceremony ; to the exuberant loyalty, cer tain to be shown the Duke and Duchess of York as direct representatives of the reigning English family ; to the hundred and oue gorgeous functions that will be promoted in honor of the occasion, it will be readily admitted that there will be abundant excuse for our people tem porarily "going off their heads." From a business point of view alone this Royal visit should do the colony a lot of good. Away Back in the sixties the Duke of Edinburgh came to Aus tralia in the Galatea. 1 remember that businesses, at all events in Victoria, were very dull. Bub they brighteued up won derfully owing to the brightness and briskness that visit directly created. Money came into circulation that had been hidden away somewhere ; everyone had to replenish his or her " bit of tucker," and once again shopkeepers of all sorts and conditions c >uld be seen with smiling faces. On the present occa sion we are fortunately in a better posi tion. We have got through the greater part of our commerciil trouble. Still the visit of their Royal Highnesses cannot fail to give a decidedly beneficial fillip to buying and selling. Borne time since I wrote that, an at tempt was" being made to initiate another largeexhibitionintheExhibition- building. The projected visit of the Queen's grand children has sriveu fresh interest to this. There will, of course, be no time to ob tain international help, but it is hoped that by the time the Federal Parlianunt is declared open a most attractive mam moth show can be arranged, What is morally certain is that a grand fmcy dress ball will be given at Government House. A grant for this and other ex penses attendant on the opening ceremony will most likely be asked for ere the pre sent- Parliament dies. Meantime folks are asking, What will Sydney say to all this ? Won't the New South Wales people bj furious over the fact that the " cabbage garden" is to have so much initial federal honor. It is t-ru s that the Constitution is to be proclaimed in Sydney, but this will be far more than counterbalanced by the presence in Mel bourne for same time of the Royal visit ors and of the G ivernor-General's menage. It is little wonder Sydneyites envy ftlel- bournites the "high old time" they bid fair to have. The twin-heads of the Government ate suffering seriously from ill-health just now. Mr. Shiels, during the past few day.--, has suffered from rheumatism, while on Tuesday Mr. M'Lean was absent, from his place on the Treasury Bench s owiug to a severe attack of iniluenz i. The Premier is a veritable martyr to either accident or sickness. In the meantime, Mr. Irvine, the At torney-General, lias had to bear all the brunt of the sneering criticism evoked by the latest governmental exhibition of "Jumping Jim Crow." When Mr. Irvine introduced the re-arrangement of the Federal Electorates subdivision;!! scheme on Tuesday, he did so in a manner that created alarm in the minds of Mr. M'Kenzie, Sir. John M'Intyre, aud their country friends. "Why, Irvine's invit ing the House to reject the new scheme," remarked one of these. The same im pression was left on the minds of the listeners in the galleries. And a majority of the members were not slow to take the hint. One' after the other they "saw cause to reverse their former vote," and by rejecting the new scheme compel the first to be reverted to_. I have, in an experience of very many years in the press gallery, seen members so savagely astonished that they have been utterly unable to " enter even a vigorous protest, but never more so than on Cues- day night. " The country won't forget the present action of the Government," . was ail Mr. M'Kenzie could find to say. Even Sir John M'Intyre found his usual Doric wit and eloquence inadequate. This suddeu volte face on the part of the House was certainly a "staggerer." Mr. Biggins i, I hear, to "catch it warm" from Geelong, who gained as much, if not more, than anyone else by the proposed re-arrangement. - Other members who voted for Mr. Best's-amendment are a'.s-i likely to have "a bad quarter of an hour" when they face their constituents. The political resuscitation, of Messrs. Munro, Bent and Miratns is creating amusement in some quarters. A day or two since I was shown a printed list of questions that it is proposed presently, at one or other of their election meeting-!, to put to each of these gentlemen.-.,. Some of these relate to the ethics of boom bulk ing ; others to railway construction, and others still to prison management. " The application" of each, of course, "lies in the hearing thereof." A set of verses has also for their theme " enshrouded ghosts from the political past." There have been many altercations in the Assembly, much recrimination,- and much violent conduct, but nerer more so than on Tuesday night, when Messrs. Trenwith aud Maloney, both members of ine Jj-aoor Uorner, came into : conflict. The "little d-ictor" had accused the member for Richmond of being a traitor to the women's suffrage cause. " I was advocating it when the hon. member was away from his place in Parliament teach ing a frog to climb a stick, or something of that sort," retorted "the labor tribune. Stung to fury by the uncontrollable laughter of .the whole Chamber, Dr. Ma- \- 1 niey literally yelled, " I would rather do that than allow my step-mother to remain . isi a benevolent asylum." Then an nl- : most painful silence fell on all around. You know the sort of silence I mean. Mr. Trenwilh's face lost every vestige of c ilor for a moment or two, and even the perky little medico looked " frightened and ashamed," as thongh he knew he had gone ton far. But, Lord bios? you, he trill be just as bad to-morrow orany other night should a set of similar circum- Sfc iticc3 arise. I have been shown the first volume of \- a ' ' Cyclopaedia of Victoria " that is to be issued during the first year of Federation. Lifre other of this work it gives portraits and "pedigrees" of our most notable met, and the history of the rise and pro gress of our principal industries. It is being edited by Mr. James Smith, and is altogether a most creditable production. Two war headings that appeared iti one of our dailies recently have occa sioned a stir among the most " peppery " \- section of our community. These head ings were " No Highlanders Capture," "Only Welsh Fusiliers." The disciples of St. David havo been raising " Old Harry " over the word " only." "Just ; us if Wels'-men were not as good as -cotchmen ! " 'I he news F at 'tie Sydney racing 'folk are taking steps to institute a £5000 Federal Cup is er- ating a lot of interest amongst our sporting men. Durifig the past year the V. R.C. and V.A;T.C. have both prospered exceedingly. It is not unlikely, therefore, that each of these clubs will give a large and sptcisl prize next year, not as a counter move to Sydney, but to mark the first year of Australian Union. 