THE WEDDING. Scene: The Church.—The Wedding March, from Lohengrin, sounds from the organ, and the procession starts slowly. The guests turn their heads towards the door, us though their £*** wt,ro pivots, kqu begin to whisper f l“ 0W Cl °% 8,wak 8ha^' Ii i?» u 8 P a . door at the othcr omJ bi tuko thow nW by the oiian »hem. N0b0dy U ‘° lca8t Mention to Tiie Bride's Dearest Enemy,; Doesn't she look weird in white? And her heir I Did you ever see sucli—— Another Girl: Well site’s (wenty-eightv if sue s ft day. :J • ’ Their Mother Is .that a real lace veil? I win I see very well. ’ : - The Gui; It looks awfully cheap—an I not a diamond. I wonder whore they cot the money for the wedding? Theyrc poor Mother : Isn’t there something the mat ter with her father’s collar? ; Boor man I somebody ought to toll him. ' ' IGirls; I; It’s- slipped up at the back. - J ‘ * A Guest: What’s the matter - with the ushers? They're yawning. . A Man: They had their bachelor dinticr last night. Hot % ti/ne, I hear. Another Man: Look at the old man’s collar. Isn’t it-a sight? . * A Guest! He had to mortgage his house to give her this wedding. , Another Man; Where did he get his money? _ : / A Guest : Stocks! Say, that/ first brides* maid’s a stunner: Wh6 is die ? A Miu ; One of the Van Hooks. The bridegroom used to be spooney on her once. First? Girl: She’s pale as a ghost! Tell me, is it fane that she was engaged to Van Racquette? Another Girl : For two years she war perfectly wildr—- . Firsb Girl: Is he hero to day ? Another Girl : He’s the fourth usher—the dissipated looking one. First Girl: They say he’s in love with her yet! Mother: They’re all out of step—he-he he-he! ; A Man: Watch papa try. topush-his col lar down with the back of his head; Another Man: FU 'bet you ten ho does it —no—yes—no A Man : It’s worse than ever—-ha-ha-ha! The ushers are petting on— — Mother : The idea of their- having £ora Van Hook for a bridesmaid after that scan dalous-— The Bride’s Dearest Enemy; That’s just to show they're so friendly, don't you know. .The Girls; He-he-he-he! : I declare, Grace Hittit is_rouged up. to the eves. Let’s have yourlorghette a minute. A Man: They say Van Racquettc wouldn’t come to the $aid ho couldn't stand it. Another Man: As bod as that, cli? A Guest: I think they're' the seediest looking lot of ushers I ever saw.- Where did they get them ? A Man : Belonged to the groom’s school or something. The last two look like prize fighter^r— A Guest (humming the march); Tum tumpty-tum—tern tumpty t don't ihoy get in line? , . The Bridesmaids. First Bridesmaid: £ook at the Van Styles in their old spalled .gowns. Walk slower, so that we. cOn oee tlm people. Second Bridesmaid; There’c Fanny Fool som. 1-m going to, smile and. bow all the way. It looks horrid'ter be sfciff- Tliird Briitesmaid: L6ek at poor Tom. He doesn’t enem A bit happy, does he? 1 wcmdcx-AFhovreidrW. - Her ? ■. -v Fourth: Bridesmaid; Bb you think the pins ,are pretty ? . First Bridesmaid; Eathtf.I hate cearls, though, I tliihk Pinky - might .have had diamonds. .Thev’re so small. 1 : Second Bridesmaid; But the bouquets are superb, Let's hold them up high, Third Bridesmaid : Tom paid for them, you .know. He's a dear hoy. He used to send me such lovely flowers. Do you think he’s happy? He’s so palej Fourth Bridesmaid; They're always pale. This is the third time Tve been, bridesmaid, and I’ve always noticed it. First Bridesmaid.; Look at the little Mrs. Widowtdn! I’m certain she’s perfectly;wild at. Tom manyihg Pinky. She’s had her eyes on him horself. Everybody one meets says gck - - : • - Second Bridesmaid: Look ah Pinky’s father's collar! Isn’t it funny? Third Bridesmaid: Have you seen the going-awy gown? - ItrS-A dream. . i Fourth Bridesmaid ; My-m ! Turquoise blue doth and sable. ’' , • • ■ : Third Bridesmaid: Poor, dear Tom 1 He certainly does look unhappy. (The music stops, there is a flutter, and then a silenceA Tno Clergyman. This man and this' woman; having coine before me-—-J,—New York Herald. 