Comic Cnttings* i There are probably as good fish in the soa as ever were lied about. " Your wife is always so out-spoken.” *‘Yes, outspoken, but never out- talked.’* Morning wraps were the invention of ithe man who wakes up hotel guests for •the' early train. " You told me you and Harry loved tat sight.” “Yes, but we quarrelled on acquaintance.” At a town’s meeting in Ireland it was recently voted, “that all persons in the town owning dogs shall be muzzled.” “Does position affect sleep ?” asked a anedical writer. It does when the man iholds the position of night watchman. “Do you know much about that horse •■you bought from the Deacon ?” ” I iknow more about the Deacon than I did.” Stme one has written a poem on “The Tongue of Liberty.” The tongue of liberty generally belongs to a married fwoman. “You say that horse Isn’t afraid of any thing. Can my wife drive him?” “I don’t know. sir. I have never seen your |wife.” Visitor: “But this portrait of Mr. iBuIger is a good deal more than life [size." Artist: “ I know It. That is ithe size he thinks he is.” “ Didn’t I lend you £5 a month or so lago ?” “ Yes, I believe you did. I’m (ever so much obliged for your kindness. • II feel I can never repay you.” Lady Friend (to young widow) : ‘“You’re gardening, I see, Lucy.” Young (Widow (with a weary smile) : “ Yes. I (wish I could, so to say, transplant my iweeds !” • : Watts : “ There seems to be some (truth in the saying that heaven helps Ithose' who help themselves." Potts : •* of course there Is. They are the only . |ltind worth helping.” ■ First Beggar: “Hello! Pickin’ up (anything on your rounds these days?” •’Second Beggar: “Ain’t nothin* doin’ at la.ll. I had to draw five pounds out of tthe bank to-day ter pull me t’rough.” Patient: “That sign of yours is not ,veryt encouraging.’” Dentist: “Why so ? ’ I guarantee to extract teeth with out pain." Patient : “Yes ; but I want (the pain extracted. I’d rather keep the “ Wliyfor eez it zat o. woman’s face eez ,used on zee silver dollar in zis country ?” (Inquired a visiting foreigner. " Be cause,” growled the impecunious native, it Is the idiom of our'language that money talks.” ; Aunt (to Tommy, who has been to the menagerie) : “ Well, Tommy, did you see (the tiger ?’’ Tommy (whimpering) : ’’ Yes, b-b-bu-” Aunt: “ But wiiat— iwhat are you crying about ?” Tommy : “They wouldn’t let me stroke his ears.” Miss Northside (to her brother) : “Do you know, Fred, that no fewer than four (men want to marry me ?” Fred : “All .right, sis. may the best man win !” tMIss Northside : “ You don’t know much ■about such things. A bride does not imarry the best man.” Canrobert was inspecting the new gaiters worn by the light Infantry. See ing one that was badly fastened, he took {the wearer to task. "Look here, I’ll ;send you my nurse to button it on for (you.” “Quite unnecessary. General ; I (see her every day.” And Canrobert burst out laughing. “ Mabel, why don’t your mamma wear diamond earrings like my mamma’s?”' “ She left ’em home, and papa's hid ’em where the robbers can’t get ’em.” “Where has he hid ’em?” “ Why, I beard him tell mamma that he had put them up the spout, and he guessed they would stay there." •Winks: “What makes you. look so \- glum?” Jinks:*have six daughters;.: none of them married, or likely to be.” Winks: “And you glum over it? You are the most ungrateful mortar that ever breathed. I have six daughters, all mar ried, all have children, and I’ve got to support the whole crowd.” A.: "Did it ever recur to you what a charming conversationalist P- is ?” B.: “Well, I don’t know ; not parti •ruiariy. Why?” A.: "Oh, he is, decidedly. Re hasn’t the ghost of a •memory, you know, and you can tell your stories to him over and over again, and lie enjoys them every time as much as at the fitst toiling.” A youngster one cay eluded punish ment by creeping under a table, where Ilia mother could not reach him. Short ly after, ills father came In. and. when told of the state of affairs, crawled on • Ills hands and knees in search of his son and heir, when, to his astonishment, be was greeted with this inquiry:— “Hullo, father! Is she after you, too?" An American gentleman was talking •of a little game of poker, down in Texas somewhere.' in ubieh he had taken part. “ The man on r.iy r'ght," he said. “ he'd •four k'ngs and an are. The man on jmy left held four aces and a king." ’’ And what- did you hold ?” some one asked. “Weil, I tvas acting coroner :at the time. I guess I held the inquest.” 