I he Strange Departure of ihe .dUbaltern. W All the doors in" the corridor were still closed— all except mother's. She liad lel't hers ajar through tjbe night, in case Bob, waking, had called her name. But Bob bad not called ; he had slept like a top. < Presently the grey dawn grew pink, and shafts of light crept through the Venetian blinds, pickiug'out the pictures on the walls, tbe mirror of the ward robe, and tbe gallant figure of Bob him self on the mantelpiece, photographed in full uniform. Mother's vigil was ended. She rose softly, slipped on her dressing-gown and slippers, and stole along the corridor to Bob's room. Bob lay, six foot of British manhood, yellow-haired, straight- limbed, deep- chestcd, sound asleep. Tbe few dreams that bad visited binr bad been sweet to 'the heart of a soldier, is'ot a shadow of fear had disturbed his siuuiuers. lie nad been assisting in killing the enemy with shrapnel, rifle, and bayonet iu thousands, and now they lay around him like corn after the sickle ; and 'Bob smiled and awoke, and saw mother standing look ing down upon bim. It was no unusual sight to see her there ; yet to-day some thing stirred in his heart, Bob put up his arms, and drew her head down to bis breast. ' " My 'baby— my boy !" mother mur mured. " Oh, my darling.!" Bob bore it with admirable grace, but he did not like 'it— not a little bit ; and as soon as be could be wriggled himself free and asked the time. There was time 'and to spare ; and (mother said, if he did not mind, she would like to read one of the morning Psalms to fii in ; it would comfort her, she said. And Bob consented, like the gentleman be; was, and lay still while she read, thinking what pretty 'hair she had —it fell in a long plait right below her waist. Then she kissed him again and ,went ; and when 'he was quite sure be could count on isolation, Bob got up and wandered amongst the litter of uni form cases and portmanteaus that lay about 'the floor. Then he took up bis Glengarry, and, putting it on, regarded bis reflection in tbe mirror with com placency. And his pride must be ex cused ; he was1 a newly fledged subaltern Of twpntv rArciltari frnm laawn +/ his battalion, which sailed on tbe mor-. row for the seat of war. ' Having adjusted his cap at every con ceivable angle, he replaced it and con-! tinued his toilet. His cheeks were per-: fectly innocent of beard, and twenty minutes saw: him attired, immaculate in a bran-new suit jand the stiffest and highest of shiny white collars. : Just at this moment a knock came (at the door, and his sister, his junior by three years, entered the room. It was easy ito see she had been weeping, but Bob expected. as much, and in his heart did not resent it. He put his arm round her waist and kissed her. " Nearly time to be off," he cried, with almost brutal cheerfulness ; and turned to strap his portmanteau, whistling a! martial ditty. Nell eat down , on the edge of the bed and surveyed the array of baggage with (mixed feelings. She was very proud of Bob. He was a dear hero ; but if only the war were over and he hack aaiii crowned with glory ! Other girls' bro thers had gone, and — well, she would not let herself think. She wished she had been kinder to Bob in the days gone by. Now the little untlhought-of omissions would be ghosts to haunt her conscience till he was back again. She would like to have told Bob she was sorry, but she knew he would laugh at her for a coose : and, besides, it would look as If this was indeed good-bye ; so she choked back tjhe lump in her throat, and sai. with brave eyes stoically watching Bob, Who Stood m the Window examining hla revolver.. But strive as she would, she could not check the thoughts that the «ighi, brought to her mind. Bob with a re volver in his hand-yes, but far away in tbe midst of the dm and smoke of battle, surrounded by tbe foe; dauntless, wounded, bloody — dying — dying With a little cry she rose to her feet Bob, wjho had been taking careful aim at the gas globe, turned at the sound. "Halloa!" he exclaimed. "What's up, Nell. You look as if you had seen a ghost" Then his eyes followed her gaze. " Little coward !" he cried, teas- mgly ; ." I believe you got funkey at the sight of this revolver !" Nell stopped short on her way to the door, then she gave a queer little lauzh. well, perhaps I did," she said, and went_quickly from the room. Bob went back and finished his pack ing ; theji he caught up bis portman teau and helmet- case and went down stairs. £n £be ball Perkins, the man-servant met (him, and hurried forward with a scare face- "Oh, sir," he cried re proachfully, " you shouldn't really, sir. I wouldn't have bad it happened for worlds, sir," he said pathetically, as he JyJ tbe esse and portmanteau from Bob s bands. "Oh, it's all right Perkins," Bob an swered, with splendid condescension; Whereupon, one of the housemaids who was witness of the scene, hurried off to the kttchenJMoir.'-' , " He's down," -she exclaimed breath lessly, " a-carrylng off his own portman- teau, and looking as handsome ' and cjheerful for all the world as If he was a-gotog to be married, Instead of off to warl" j .„" pyr dey»" said cook, as ahe turned the chops—" poor, innocent dear 1" .. _crklna faurrlad down AHhis moment.' To think," fas cried tragically, as hsrs strapped his ownjraps and carried down 1 his own -portmantesit and be off to the war ! I'd have lost : a whole month's ' wage sooner than. -this: 'ere tffiould have | happened. Supposing he's ; killed, and I've got to remember that he waited on . hisself the last morning I j Ain't he cheerful !" said .'Mary, the housemaid. .- " He don't .look as if' he meant to be killed." "Ohi they none of 'em mean to be killed, but:-that don't make-bullets blank cartridge," Perkiiis answered grimly. . In the meantime mother had -dressed. She had borne up bravely throughout Once1, : though, her .lips had , trembled. That was when the sound of Bob's "gay 'whistling bad reached her ears. But even then loving . pride had flashed into ilier eyes, and choked. down sorrow. Her boy was braver— brave and true; and diitv. she knew full well, would find him a hero. She wondered If- father, who. was in the dressing-room, conld hear the. sound. She would- like-' to have called' to, him, only she was just a little hurt at" his ap parent unconcern' at his son's departure. But, after all, she thought, he was only a man ; he could! hot know a mother's heart ; his breast' had not pillowed the little sunny head in years gone by ; he had not cried with joy when the little feet hail taken their first unsteady steps across the floor. How well she remem bered that day, and'bow prond she felt of her soil! He was such a fine big baby. She had placed him against a chair, and he bad looked up at' her with round eyes of " wonder ; then, wheb'lier mieaning cahie to him, he bad not hesi tated a moment— lie had thrown back his little head," and, with a scream ol delight walked bravely forward right i iiito.lier loving, waiting arins. Aiid'novv j — now. . . '.' She brhshed .aside her tears, for she heard father coming. Father entered tjlie .room- quickly,, but paused on the1 threshold. To . tell the truth, ho hurl thniiffhl- miitlior HAwnstaipa He had been trying to remember that day ' when Bob thad ridden, the new pony for tjie first time so pluckily whether the lad had been breeched or not. He knew the picture was on mother's dress ing-table, and, he had come in to look' at it, and there stood 'mother with the photograph in her hand. "Humph!" exclaimed father, "so you have not got down V" and his voice was not conciliatory, for he felt that every one that morning, himself includ ed, was wearing his heart on his sleeve; and a sense of lost dignity was irritat- ing him. Mother's heart swelled at the tone ; she put down t£e pjhotograph and looked up at father with a look in which re proach add sorrow mingled ; and then suddenly she turned aside, and her hands busied themselves amongst the brushes and trays on the dressing-table, for her quick eye Jiad detected that father was wearing odd boots— a but toned aud a lace-up one, To think of it! he, the soul of precision, to thus be tray himself ; but there his abstraction stood confessed. And, oh ! how mother loved him for it ! He had been such a stoic, too. Well, there was no account ing for man's ways; but, thank God, he had put on odd boots that morning. She no longer felt lonely in her grief. He cared too ; liis heart was aching also for his son's departure. Oh, those hliiCcn/1 nrlrl IniAfo But she knew his nature, and stood for a moment wondering how best to tell him of his mistake without aunoy- iug liim ; and presently mother, on her way downstairs, tapped at the dressings room outer door. " One of your lace boots," she said. " I stumbled over it ; I have put it down outside." Then she waited until she heard father swearing softly to himself. Then she knew mat ters would right themselves, and went! downstairs. At ' breakfast somehow nobody bad J much to. say. Bob wanted to talk, but I felt that his one topic— his luck at being | sent to the front— would not he exactly I congenial to his listeners. So he re- J trained, and ate a hearty breakfast. i He would carry the memory of this last meal away with him to the far-off laud. The tender face of mother, smil ing bravely from behind the bubbling, steaming urn ; the damtily spread table; the pleasant, luxurious ' room, with its handsome pictures ; the broad bow win dow, from which he could see the dear old garden where he had played as a child ; the loving eyes of Nell beaming upon him across the tabic. Yes, home was home, although lie was the luckiest subaltern in the' service. By and by the trap was at the door, and the servants gathered in the hall to visli him good luck and God-speed. Bob shook hands with them all and thanked them, and then, he stood with mother in-' the porch— alone. He could not see her face distinctly for the mist across his eyes, and the next moment he and father were walking quickly down the drive, along which the dog-cart was go ing slowly' forward to await them at the gate beyond. Father remarked that the new gamekeeper was giving satisfaction, and that there was every prospect of the covers yielding better Sport the next autumn. " We shall have you home again be fore then, my boy," he said. " Rather,, sir !" answered Bob. "We shall not take long to settle this little affair;" At the lodge the gamekeeper's four boys were standing in a row. They-bad three-cornerbd hats on their heads, and wooden swbrds ih their hands,' and they greeted . Bob'; with sundry ' salutes and hurrahs. AM BoH) , laughed and gave fhcin a penny each. "You must keep 'hp your drilling," lie said. " We shall be wanting new recruits in the regiment by and by." And then the gate was opened, and Bob' climbed to the hack seat of the cart Far away" at the house something flht- tered white from the winddw, and' Bob took out his handkerchief and signalled back again. Then the boys cheered afresh, and the trap turned into a lane, ana nome was already a thing of the past." As ithey drove through t£ie village, there was not a doorway that had not someone standing on the threshold to bid him God-Speed. " 'TIs the young squire off to the war," they cried one to the other ; and tho men's glances -flashed and their voices rose ; but the women's eyes filled with tears as they saw him drive past. " God keep him," they said; "and comfort his mother's heart !" - For they knew that' the men gave willingly their lives for their country ; but that the gift of the women was something dearer than life.- And all the while Bob's heart was singing. to him; he did not know that the song had come down to him from the long ago time when the Sea Kings had gone forth with their battle songs to be the terror and conquerors of diBtant lands. He did not know; but so it was,, and 'twas ; = a. goodly heritage, of which Bob in his joy and Impatienca recked little. So.the. station was- readied and the last', good-bye spoken;; . . and .father grasped Bob's hand. " You will— do your duly," father said; " Lam sure, of it." a And Bob's face flushed. " Thank you,\ sir£ he answered - in a husky voice ; " andmy love— tomother." 