(Eurrmt %G$xt8. Dr. iSedlington Howel Morris has been appointed surgeon of the Protector during her operations in Chinese waters. Dr. Morris arrived in South Australia oe De cember 22,. 1896, to take the position of junior house surgeon at the Adelaide Hos pital. In June of last year he was pro moted to be medical officer to the Destitute Poor and State Children's Department, at a salary ox stouu a, year. xi-; is a uacneior of medicine and bachelor of surgery of Durham University. He graduated in 1893 as first-class prizeman in surgery, and' with first-class honors in anatomy and sur gery, besides winning the Goyder memorial sdholarship in clinical medicine and sur gery, and the Luke Armstrong scholarship. He was for a time resident medical officer at the Denbigh Infirmary, and was in prac tice in Swansea, when he accepted the ap pointment a't the Adelaide Hospital. The Government have granted leave of absence to Dr. Morris while he is engaged on his naval duties, and will arrange f ol- his work here being earned on during his absence. The friends of Colonel Rowell, who is in command of the Imperial Bushmen's Corps, will be glad to hear that he has been men tioned in dispatches for the manner in which he acted during the recent engage ments ne'ar Lindley. Trooper J. W. Elliott, of the South Aus tralian Bushmen's Contingent, writing to Ms brother, gives the following interesting incident, which occurred during the siege odi Mafeking:— 'On Sundays aunos the siege neither side did any firing, and the soldiers confined in Mafelung used then to play cricket. The oo.mman.dant of the Boer forces seeing this sent in & challenge to Baden-Powell to play him, and this was B.-P.'s answer — 'Play tiie game you are at first; Baden-Powell, 200 not out; I think it is' time you changed toire bowlera.' The town had been besieged 200 days.' Private George Paltridge (a son of Mr. Harry Paltridge, the wejl-knowii Mount Barker auctioneer), who went to South Africa with the First 'South Australian Contingent, under Captain Hoiwland, was at last advices attached to the same com Tinnv fls TviAnhpTiflnt. TiAnnarH flnr/lnn fi'Knn'h 20 miles north of Pretoria. By the recent mail letters from Private Pdltridge wera received by friends resident in tfhe city, as well ag by his relatives at Mount Barker, the latter missives bearing date 'Trenx-hes, Pretoria, June 5.' When he wrote he was in excellent heal'th and spirits, while he referred enthusiastically to his battle experiences. x'hese facts effectively dis pose of certain silly rumors concerning the young soldier which have bean current in Adelaide lately. Private W. T. Ware, a son of Mrs. Ware, of 298, Riundle^street, writing from Johan nesburg on June 1, eays: — 'We reached Johannesburg yesterday and 10 of us galloped through the town, which was full of Boere, up to within 20 or 30 raids of .the forte, and they never fired a'ehot at us. Ifc was only a few minutes before that some of our men were driven back from the fort, and if we had known that we would not have gone there. We missed our way in the streets. The people went mad over us, and could not do enough for us. They even brought lunch right into the fightang lins, and when we stopped firing to nave some thing to eat they would take our rifles and have a shot at the Boer/8 themselves.' Sergeant Grace, S'hoeing- Smibh M. J, Pord, and Trooper J. Perritt, of New South Wales, who arrived by the Persic, were present at tihe church parade of the Irish Corps at the St. Francis Xavier3 Cathedral on Sunday morning. . At the conclusion of t'h© service Archbishop O'Reily asked to see the soldiers and sub sequently took them to Ibis house on. Weat terraee. The ardrbdskop chatted with the men for some tame, and listened to their adventure's wi't'h the greatest interest. He made enquiries of several of his frien'ds who are in Soutlh Africa and treated the visi tors 'to refreshment*. He then ihad uhem driven to one of the leading hotels, where he made arrangement for tlie men to have dinner. The soldiers expressed tflreniselvei as greatly pleased with the kind treatment they ha'd received at the hands of the arch Diisnop, and before leaving promised Dr. O'Reily a relic from the seat of war. All three have 'suffered from enteric fever, but Sergeant Grace and iShoeing-Smitoh Ford were 'both wounded, tlie latter still having a bullet in. one of his legB. Quartermaster-Sergeant T. llanley, of Yatala Labor Prison, writes to his wife from Derdepoort, near Pretoria, on June 30:— 'I went out with General Button on an expedition to meet the hero of Mafeking General Baden-Powell. We met him 28 or 30 miles from Pretoria. I was the only South Australian present, and was general caterer for the famous Baden-Powell and his staff, as General Hutton provided din ner for them. Lord Rosmead (son of a late Governor of New South Wales), and now of General Hutton's staff, ordered me to issue grog (rum) to the escort &ocom-; panying tlie general, and to provide them with anything in the shape of food and forage which I had with me. Baden Powell looks much older than he really is. He is a plain, nice fellow, with no airs. He seems just like a rough-and- ready man. General Hutton's Brigade gave them a right hearty welcome when they met. Next morning General Hubton parted with Baden-Powell, who went to Pretoria, while General Hutton went ou a day's march in another direction.' Mr. Charles Arnold, who, when, in South Africa, initiated the fruit fund for tike men at 'the front, in the course of aa inter view published in the Ballarat 'Courier' last week, remarked tfliat the fruit baeikets, which cost 3/ each, weme a most expensive dtem, as comipaiiajtayely few were returned to Gape Town. On Friday he found out what became of *hem. Private Kruger, recently invalided iback, called on him at his fliotel to than'k Hiiro for tfh,e kind xuesfl Ihe showed tlie Australian: soldiers, and said, among otfher -things, 'Those grapes -were downright appreciated 'by us, and tme backets were very useful after wards.' Mr. Arnold's face was a study, ' as lie began to realise that he was on the verge of finding out what had 'become of .those precious baskets which 'had caused him so much trouble. He soom learned, and the expression of curiosity gave place to one of amueement when -he was told -tiha-t the 'absent-minded beggars' of the Austra lian regiment used them for rubbish recep tacles in their tente. That was why there was so much difficulty in getting them back, Aipropoa of this, very stand and deliver telegrams bad to foe -semfc sometimes before the baskets were returned, an-d a correspond deace over the wares would take 'place iu thda form: — 'Arnold to Kekewich. — No fruit till baskets een-t back,' to which a prompt reply came, 'Kekewich to Arnold —158 'baskets by to-night's train.' Tlie Princess of Wales is sending out to South Africa 20 nursee, selected from the nursing gtaff of the Lomdon Hospital. The Prince 'id Princess of Wales have adapted and fifc't-: J up a very pretty farmhouse, close to Sandi-iagham, for the use of officers in valided from the war who need convales cent help, and have nowhere to go to. Every detail of the arrangements and the decoration has had the personal attention ? of the Princese 'herself. 'Their Royal High nesses' intention is to offer this home in , the first place to colonial officers, and have directed that an invitation from tJhem should be given to any euqh officers to whom the rest and quiet would 'be bene ficial. During their stay 'tfhe officers will be the guests of the Prince and Princess. There was an enrolment at 'tihe Staff Of fice on Friday week for all the Active Military Forces except the Artillery Bri gade. About 250 men offered 'to enlist, and 105 were accepted. The strength of the new. ' company of the 1st Battalion Infantry wag not completed when the enrolling officers ceased operations at 10 o'clock and men de- ? sirous of joining it will have an opportunity, of doing so shortly. The enrolments were; as foUow: — A Company, 16; B Company1, 12; C Company, 6; D Company, 1; E Com pany, 9; F Company, 7; G Company, 5; H Company, 30; Moun'ted Rifles, 7; Medicail -?♦ Stan-, 2; Band, 2; Signallers, 2; total, 105. ' The medical examiners were SurgeonCap tain L. W. Bickle and Surgeon-Lieutenaii.-fe A. E. (Shepherd. The enrolling oflkera ?were Colonel Makin, Lieutenant-Colonel Lovely, and Major Dyke, and they were as sisted by Captain S. Price-'Weir, Captain A. F. Cornish, Captain H. C. R, Batchdor, Ifleubenaaits Olifen't, DoMinan, and Bor row; Master Gunner A. K. Marshall, and Staff JSergeant Major Ha.rrington. As long as the memory of the present generation has existed the first Australian port of call and the last Australian port of departure for mail steamers has been AM bany or King George's Sound. Henceforth, 'however, according to a 'telegram received by Sir John Forrest from the West Austra lian Agent-General (Sir E. H. Wittenoom) the P. & 0\. and Orient steamers are taj make their West Australian harbor at Fre-J mantle. j, ' Mr. Hague laid a petition on the table of the House of Assembly last week, bearing the signatures of 549 electois ana residents of Nuriootpa and surrounding districts, who are in favor of a railway; from Rbseworthy to Angaston, with a de viation at Nurioobpa. The petitioners urged in support of their contention that the proposed line would have the effect of opening a large tract of useful country, and would suit the convenience of a large sec tion of the travelling public and the great body of producers. They asked thab a detour of the line should be made from Kromer's Corner to Nuriootpa, as they be lieved it would be in the best interests of the district and colony. The Minister Controlling bhe Northern Territory has received further particulars from the Government Resident at Port Darwin regarding the Daly River outrage. The message, dated August 2, states that the Government Resident had just received a report that the missing launch Wun walla had been discovered in tlie Mangrove Creek near the mouth of the river. The Minister controlling the Northern * Territory has received the following report for the month ended June 30, from the manager of the Arltunga Cyanide Works: — 'The oat'tery 'hae been running a shift and a half occasionally. The treatment o£ three parcels of ore by battery and cyanide has been completed, comprising a total o£ 132 tons 16 cwt. 1 qr., yielding 111 oz. 2 dwt. 13 gr. of gold, valued at £418 0/4. Ihe fol lowing are the parcels dealt with:— White Range Excelsior mine— Ore treated, 115 tons 11 cwt., yielding 82 oz. 14 gr. of gold; value, £304 10/10; extraction per ton, li dwt. 5 gr. White Range South — Ore treat-, ed, 8 tons 16 cwt. 2 qr., yielding 20 oz. 8 dwt. 11 gr.; value, £79 9/1; extraction pel* ? ' ton, 2 oz. 6 dwt. -9 gr. White Range (Thompson's) — Ore treated, 8 tons 8 cwt'. 3 qr., yielding 8 oz. 14 dwt. 12 gr.; value, £34 0/5; extraction per ton, 1 oz. 1 dwt. The manager states that tlie last 80 parcels which have been treated comprised 1,039 tons of ore, yielding 1,074 oz. gold, valued at £4,041, giving an average of over an ounce of gold per ton, the value of the gold being £3 15/ per ounce. The Bill which has been introduced into the House of Assem'bly by Mr. Darling to amemd the Bills of Sale Act, provides that any creditor of the grantor of a 'biJi of sale relating to personal chattels, except horses, cattle, and gheep, may within 14 days alter notice of intention to lodge the bill has 'been' filed enter a caveat against its registration. The grantor may summon the caveator to show cause why the caveat should not be' removed, and a special magistrate may or der registration to be stayed, or the caveat' to be removed, accordaug as it appears whe ther the caveator is a. creditor of the grantor or not. It is also eefc out: — ? When goods ov- chattels shall have been: seized iu executiou iby a bailiff or other officer under process of any Local Court, andi some person claims to he entitled under a) bill of sale, whether executed1 before, at, or after the passing of this Act, to such goods or chattels by way of eecuiity for a debt; the special magistrate of such court maw order a sale of the whole or part of sucU .; . goods or chattels upon such terms as to the payment of the whole or part of the. secured' debt or otherwise as they or he shall tokin'k fit, and may direct the appljca^ tion. of the proceeds of euc'h. sale in eucTi ^ manner and upon such terms as to sucb, special magistrate may seem just.' Mr. J. H. Symon, Q.C., visited Grawlei on Wednesday -week at the invitation ol bhe Gawler Institute Literary Societies; Union', auid addressed a large audience in the Institute Hall on 'The Australian Charter of Union.' The chair was occuV pied by Mr. S. B. Rudall, president of the; union. In the course of his lecture Mr* Symon described the principal parts of ttaj Federal Constitution, and referred to the. referendum of Wast Australia as m Ifrriuniph. for the national cause of ; JLus Jtralian union. He expressed the opinion that ,»? it would be much, more fitting for Proc lamation Day to be fixed for the Prince of Wales's Birthday instead of being delayed until New Year's Day, which would not be an appropriate time. He did not consider it iwas too- late to entertain ?tihiat suggestion now, and he 'hoped it would be carried into effect., so that they might secure November 9 for *he gra»t national holiday.' Last week the Hons. J. G. Bice, K. W. Duaoan, A. Tennan't, and L. O'Lough Ilin, amd Mr. W. G. Gleeson, of Carneton, ,-were introduced by Mr. T. Burgoyiie, M.P., fco the Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. &. W. Foster) to urge that the Eurelia reservoir should be increased in size, which (work, it was stated, could be accomplished tfor a small sum, and the holding character igf the reservoir was known to be perfect. ? Whe deputation further urged that a. main fehould be laid to Petereburg -so that the [Railways Commissioner's system at that »kcp might 'Je supplied by gravitation, $hus doing away with the necessity of run iniing a daily water train. The Commis sioner (promised to obtain a report and com municate the result to the deputation (through Mr. Burgoyne. 'A petition, bearing the signatures of landholders iu the hundreds of Wrenfords ley and Rpunsevell, Was been presented to the Conmiissioner of Crown Lands by (Messrs A. Poynton and D. McKenzie, the tnenibers for' Flinders. The petitioners pray that better shipping facilities for the export of produce from the Port of Scales ?Bay should be provided. Much difficulty has been encountered in procuring vessels tor this purpose, and consequently much loss 'has been caused annually through the {Wheat getting damaged whilst awaiting Shipment. There is wheat still at Scales [Bay that was carted last December. About iix weeks ago about 1,800 bags of wheat tad to be shot out and rebagged at this landing. Mr. Nugent has erected a chute from the cliffs about 40 chains from the landing, and. Shipped 1,100 bags of wheat over it in one day this year. The captains pnd owners of the vessels which have load ,. fed Dhere assert that the arrangements are equal to any jetty on this part of the coast for the purpose of shipping wheat or wool. Mr. Nugent and the farmers have gnade mutual arrangements for the use of Hike chute. The road to the chute is in jkersected by two creeks, which make the road impassable for heavy traffic. The 'estimated cost of making fords across the iereeks is £50, and the District Council of fetreaky Bay, of which these hundreds form part, has not the fund6 available for this work. The estimated quantity of produce within the next year for shipment fit this port will not be less than 100 bales if wool and 12,000 bags of wheat. It is therefore desired that a special grant of ?teSO be made to the District Council of Streaky Bay for the purpose of making fords across the creeks upon the road from Scales Bay landing to Mr. Nugent's chute. Whe Minister has promised to consider the matter. 'Mr. F. Martin, manager of the Kallioota Station, reported to M.C. Treloar, stationed . Bt Hawker, on July 28, that a swagma-n faamed Donald Me'Donald had been found dead in the scrub about eight miles north of the station. Deceased called at the Ka1 teoota station a fortnight previously, and $5r. Martin gave him a week's supply of nations? and told him he could camp for a jEew days at Nancy Walker's Hut, distant ttbouit four miles. He did so and subse quently obtained more rations. He was last jieeen- alive on July 25 by a boundary. Inder named William Burlison. Deceased j naras tihen lying beside the well, and an ^answer to Burhson's enquiry stated his Burag was all right. As he did not appear at the station a few days later for supplies 1Mx. Martin sent out two men to make a eearch for him, and Iris body was discover ed about 200 yards from the well. His swag, Containing rations, was foiind a short dis tance away. Deceased had been known to ftlr. Martin for the last four years, and was jjboo old and weak to work. Mr. Hirst, a injustice of the peace, having enquired into !i$ie matter, considered an inquest was un necessary. Deceased had a brother named ,. 'Peter McDonald and a sister, both living at Port Augusta. The Commissioner of Crown Lands has received the following message from Mr. ,Gee, who is at present at Tareoola: — 'War- rigal find down 10 ft. Daw's found rich surface Etone on lease 1031. Not proved yet.' The Warrigal was referred to by Mr. ifcee a week ago as being an important dis covery. \- Owing to the warm recommendation iivhich Sydney millers give the Manitoba faheat for its strong milling qualities, and flrith a view of testing the grain in the south-east, Mr. T. H. Williams, of the Tele graph Mills, Mount Gambier, a few weeks ago procured some 20 or 30 bushels, and has ;!had the grain sown in that district by :{Messrs. James Smith (Yahl), Davis Bros. I!(O.B. Flat), G. Matthews (Yahl), and ^honias Houan (Corupton). The result will ;Ibe made known next wheat season, after (the grain has been milled by Mr. Williams. iiWe understand (says tihe 'South-Eastern jStar') that Mr. Sassanowsky, of Compton, Ikas also secured a few bushels on his own account, and intends to give it a trial. .[With regard to this particular sample of jtrheat, some very valuable information is given in a recent issue of the 'Millers' Journal,' published in Sydney. Mr. W. iFarrer, the New South Wales Government wheat experimentalist, in an interesting article, touches upon the difficulty of dis criminating between the different varieties. file also shows that no grain yields strong iflour unless it is at least fairly rich in the nitrogenous constituent gluten, and it can pot be rich in this ingredient unless the Soil it is grown in can furnish it with nitro genous ptent food in sufficient quantity, and, more than that, sufficient nitrogenous ?plant food of the right kind. Other writers an the same journal speak very highly of jfche Manitoba wheat, the flour from which -Is said to be much stronger and produces a better loaf than the ordinary grain. The president of the Master Bakers' Associa tion, Sydney, pays £3 per ton more for * ? (Manitoba flour than other samples. The feoil of the south-east is believed to be ad Bnirably suited to the robust wheat referred Ifco, but, of course, this will not be demon strated till next season. Recently Mr. 8. E. Wright, of Mount (Magnet, Murchison, purchased a number of Idonkeys from the Beltana Pastoral Com pany, and took them by boat to West (Australia. Writing to Mr. Ive, manager of iMurnpeowie, Mr. Wright gives the follow liiig' particulars of the trip:— 'It was the roughest trip I ever experienced. From tiho ?time we left Adelaide until we reached1 tt?remtotle the pea. was running mountains Ihdgh, and there was a lot of stock lost, principally £heep aDd eatfcJe. It was a ter rible sight to see them getting washed about r-some with broken legs, some wiph. broken backs, some had to be killed outright. I never saw anything like it; throwing' them overboard every day. The officers .usetl to say to me, 'You will get all of tlhose killed: you won't land one alive at Fremantle.' I used to pass it off and say, 'You cannot kill them with lyddite shell.' I can assure you my heart was up in my mouth a good deal coming across, but good luck stuck to me. and I landed every one alive, and in real good condition. You. know they cannot be killed wilih an axe.' The captain said he never saw anything like tihem. I think they surprised everyone, but I used to watch them day and night to keep them from getting drowned. The big seas used to come over the side and knock every one flat on the deck. To see them you would think they were all killed, but they would rise again on their feet. ' It was something marvellous. I may come for some more donkeys in a few niontihs' time.' Early on Sunday morning burglars paid a visit to the Parkside post-office, an 1 suc ceeded in effecting an entrance and ran sacking the place. They appear to have gone about their' work in a very business like manner, and evidently knew whai diffi culties they would have to contend with. First, they secured a cart fron«the rear of a neighboring shop, and pulled it to the front of the huilding. Their next perform ance was to get to work on a 'burglar- proof ' window at the side of the building. They apparently wrenched the patent lock up, and climbed through. They thus gained access to the lobby, and then climbed over a wooden partition. The doors leading through to the front of the building appear to have then been opened. A candle on the shelf bears evidences of having been used. With its aid they located the safe— a small but rather heavy one — and also prized open two drawers, securing their contents. The safe being too heavy to lift, was turned over and over, and thus 'taken out of the office. A num ber of coats found in the room were used to deaden the sound. The safe whs taken along the footpath, and to the front of Mr. Bracegirdle's blacksmith's shop, about 30 yards away. It was forced open, and eight cash-boxes extracted. Mies Chanter, the postmistress, states that she was out spending the evening on Saturday, aad did not return home till about half-past 10 o'clock. She . did not retire until near midnight. She entered the office at about 11 o'clock, and found everytthikig all right. She heard no sound during the night. iMr. and Mrs. Catt, who also re side in the same house, were undisturbed, but the ineigh'bors on each side heard some one moving about near the office between 3 and 4 o'clock on Sundav morning. They did not, however, think tihe occurrence so unusual as to make it worth while -to in vestigate. One of the neighbors heard someone hammering, .but thought that the 6ound came from the blacksmith's shop, and took little notice of it. The postof fice is on the main road, in a thieklypopu lated portion of the towin. It is not at tached to the house, which stands a little to tihe rear, and the 'burglars appear to have had no trouble in entering and removing the safe. Tthe safe contained money and stamps to the value of £34. The stamps represented £6, and the cash was made up of a £5 note, £15 worth of silver and coppers, and the remainder in gold. The burglary was first discovered 'by a milk woman, who, at about 8 o'clock on Sun day morning, had just entered the South Park Lands to take her co-ws (home when, afce. found seven cashboxes broken open on the ground. She informed a constable sta tioned at Parkside. It was then ascer tained that the post-office liai been en tered. The other cashbox was subsequently found under a culvert near the Green Dragon Hotel. Fortunately the burglars missed a number of registered letters con tained in a drawer at the bottom of the safe, and uhey also overlooked a large quan tity of stamps and a few Savings Bank de posits. Sub-Inspector Hampton was in formed of the burglary at about ihalfipast 8 o'clock, and sent Detectives Thorn and Loughlin and a 'blacktracker to investigate the matter. Unfortunately the robbers left practically nothing in the shace o' a clue for the police to work on. The cart which the burglars had secured was found in fron^ of the office. Practical joking of an almost criminal character seems to be rather prevalent in the country districts. For a week or so reports liave been current of people at Mount Gam'bier having been frightened by someone dressed up in a white sheet play ing the ghost. The spook has appeared mostly to women and children. So far no, complaints against hie, ghoetskip have beeu' officially made to the police, but having heard Vhe doings of the ghost discussed in a good many quarters, M.C Pearee made a. reconnoitring expedition on a night last week. Along highways and byways he went, 'but no ghost did he see. It is re ported that the ghost was seen somewhere in the west end of the town on the same night that M.C. Pearce made his tour. M.C. Pearoe was armed, and was prepared to deal sunwnarily with his ghostship. The foot constables, saye the 'Border Watch,' are itching to get within fighting distance of the hoodlum. While on ^he subject of ghosts, tlie same paper records the follow ing incident, which borders on the myste rious: — 'The report of a revolver or a gun being fired in the premises at the rear of Mr. MacArlliur's butcher's shop or Mrs. Cornelius's Temperance Hotel awoke the residents living in that neighborhood, and caused some excitement, about 12 o'clock on Thursday night. Constables Pascoe and Reiley, who were on duty at that hour, were quickly on the scene, but nothing could be found to account for tlhe shot.' The Port Pirie 'Recorder' contains tliis paragraph:— Reports have been freely cir culated of late to the effect that some in dividual, dismised by means of a dark mantle, has been causing a scare among the more susceptible residents of Port Pirie West amd the island. Vague rumors have been afloat as to the identity of the mysterious individual, but it does not seem that anyone has up to now had a personal encounter with the 'ghost.' We have heard of tdmid women and children be ing frightened by the strange apparition. If a practical joker is at work it may pos sibly initereeft 'him or Iier to know that there is a cage locally prepared for noctur nal 'larks.' At a meeting of the S.A. Medical Board, held on Thursday, August 2, Dr. James Riddell, M.D., B.S., Mel,, 1899, was regis tered as a legally qualified medical practi tioner. On Tuesday evening the Commissioner of Police (Colonel L. G. Madley) received the following telegram from Sergeant Clode, who is stationed at Port Lincoln: — 'About 5 o'clock this afternoon a fire was noticed burning in McFarlane Bros.' general store at this place. The store is now completely gutted. Estimated damage, over £4,000. Stock and building insured in Standard In surance Company of New Zealand for £3,500. Inquest to-morrow. Origin of fire unknown' 