In Memoriam. Rev. W. C. Hughes. The Memorial Service of the Rev. W. C. Hughes was con ducted by the Rev. R. Cald well in the Weslevan Church, Kogarab, on Sunday evening, September 2nd. There was a large congregation present. At the close of the sermon Mr. Caldwell read the following obituary : — ' About the end of the year 1S63 a grand revival of God's work broke out at Ulmarra. then in the Grafton Circuit, Clarence River, during the ministry of the Revl W. T. Mayne. But the principal workers were a number of Christian men and women, who had a short time before left Bolwarra in the Maitland District, and had settled there. A nice little weatherboard church had been erected, and services were regularly held by the minister and local preachers. 'After the Sunday evening services, and sometimes during the week, the old-fashioned prayer-meeting would be held, and glorious manifestations of God's presence were felt. Men and women in all parte of the building could be heard sob bing and crying aloud. One after another would pray with great power, and one after another would cry for mercy, and ask the prayers of God's people. Our dear Brother Hughes at this time had charge of the Wes leyan day-school, which was held in the building, and seeing many of his friends saved, and hearing their clear testimony of acceptance with God, he began to feel concerned, thou eh for a time he stood aloof. Yet the Christians, judging from his manner, and believing that the Spirit of God was at work in his heart, set themselves to earnest prayer for him. One would say, ' Oh ! if we could get Mr. Hughes converted, what a grand thing it would be !' And God the Holy Ghost, who is always given in answer to believing prayer wrought power fully upon his heart and conscience, and when asked by a dear friend on one occasion how he felt, he said that he was miserable. But soon he was able to yield himself fully to the Saviour. 'His chains fell oft, his heart was free, and he arose with joy and followed Jesus.' That was a time of rejoicing. But through it all there was no excitement with our dear brother. His was a calm-souled and in telligent trust in Jesus, which enabled him from the very start to make progress in the divine life, and which continued until the end. No wonder that as soon as he was converted he seemed marked out for useful work. Being painstaking in study he soon made rapid progress in Divine knowledge, and it was not long before he was urged to com mence the work of a Local Preacher, and he was constrained, though with fear and timidity to yield to the entreaties of his brethren. I had the privilege of being present when Mr. Hughes with the late Thos. Boorman passed their examination, and became fully accredited Local Preachers. Our dear friend, Mr. Hughes, was after a short time recommended for the work of the Christian ministrv. He was accepted, and in the month of April, 1S66, I believe, entered his first circuit, followed by the prayers of many friends. His was not what some might call a brilliant ministry, but it was a ministry which told. He was an honest, faithful and earnest preacher of the . Gospel. He preached what he believed God 7 would have him preach. He was ever an ardent worker in the Temperance cause, taking a deep interest in young people. He spared not himself that he might work for the Master who had done so much for him. He was ever ready to champion the Protestant religion, and staunch and true in advocating its doctrines. He was a loving, devoted husband and father, the friend of all who would try to do the right, and the enemy of none. Now his work is over here, and he' has gone to work with the glori fied spirits above. Our prayer is that as he followed Christ and wrought for him, so may all ' his sorrowing ones follow and join him in the home of Eternal Life.'' Mr. Hughes was the son of Francis and Mary Hughes, and was born at Richmond in this colony on the 31st of March, 1S37. He exercised his ministry in the following Circuits: — Maryborough (Queens land), Nattai (now Bowral). Ulladulla (now Milton), Bega, Lower Hawkesbury, Rockley, Lower Clarence (now Maclean), Kiama, Hawkesbury (a second term), Yass, Spring Hill, Forbes, Molong, and Kogarah. Here be had entered upon the second year of his pastor ate when he was called to join the Church above. 