CIHAPTER III. THE POLICE OrVESTI"ATIOY. The Superintendent of Poll:e at Hawksworth was a middle aged man, with a grizzled beard and hair, keen grey eyes, and a square, determined jaw. Those who were slight'y acquainted with him thought him hard, but those who knew him well declared that his gruff manner was assumed, and he had a kind, even a tender heart. "See him with sick people, or little children," they said-" he's quite gentle enough then." Dr. Frazer knew this side of his cha racter, as he had attended his wife, and had seen him at her sick-bed, whilst he had never outraged the law, and moved him to righteousaa severity, so that they were on pleasant terms. He made him sit down, and explained the situation to him briefly, but clearly. " Well, sir ; this beats everything that has come within my experience," Har rison said. "I was going off to the churchyard, when 1 heard there wasn't to be a funeral, and could make nothing of it." "I don't wonder--it is most extraor dinary. How a man of Sir Walter's position can disappear off the face of the earth in this way, leaving no trace, seems Incredible." " And yet it has happened before with noble lords as well as poorer folks, sir. Was he mad, do you think T' "I have known him for years, and never saw a sign of it." "And, yet, it seems to me wherever he has gone-if he has gone-muset have been of his own accord, otherwise they would know something about it in the house. By-the-bye, has it been searched, sir ?" "No one thought of that." "It seems to me the first step to take. He might have been in a trance, as you suggested, and come to find himself alone, and meant to seek assistance, but lost his way, being weak and confused. The lake will have to be dragged, as it is as likely, being in that state, he would have gone outdoors as anywhere else." "Then you think he Is dead, Har rison T' " Yes, sir, I do." " But what about the dummy figure 7" " That's queer, I must own, because it looks like premeditation." "Exactly. There couldn't have been time to get it after Sir Walter disap. peared, so it must have been ready beforehand, and, if so, what was the motive 7 I can't understand It at all." " Nor I, at present, unless he is at the bottom of the lake yonder, and those whose business it was to watch having betrayed their trust were anxious to con ceal the fact from their mistress. That's my theory, sir, and though I may be quite wrong, I shall start on that theory, with her ladyship's permission." "Lady Nell leaves everything to you, except the payiag, and she wishes me to say that no expense is to be spared. She is thoroughly prostrated, or she would see you herself. As it is, she wishes you to come to me If you find any clue, and I will break it to her gradually." " l can quite understand her feelings, poor lady 1" said the Superintendent sympathetically. "And we will save her all the pain we can. I fancy myself that the suspense will soon be over, and she will stand where she stood before-only the distress will have been prolonged." "Then you will have the ornamental water dragged at once P" "Yes, air. Which way does her lady. ship's room look out, because if it was on the water It might be desirable to get her round to the other side of the house." Dr. Frazer reflected for a moment. " The windows look on to the terrace," he said, at last. "I remember now. You won't begin to drag, I suppose, until the people have left 1" "I sha'n't be ready just yet, sir. You will be here, I suppose 1" " Yes: I shall be here," Dr. Frazer re plied, and his feeling was so far altered by his interview with Lady Nell he went into the dining-room and took some food, and tookt a glass of wine, standing sorely in need of both by this time. Lord Pendower lifted his eyebrows sur prfiedly when he saw him enter, and seat himself at the table, but he could not get away to speak .a him for awhile. As soon as he was free he made his way down to that end of the table, and bending over the other's chair questioned him in a low voice. Dr. Frazer told him all there was to tell In as few words as possible, the other's face brlghtenng as he listened. "Now you can see she is not guilty," he said, when Dr. Frazer had finished. "She would have tried to hush the matter up if she had been." "She was bound to take steps-can't you see that ' "Then you still suspect her 1" returned Lord Pendower disappointedly. " I did not say that. The fact Is I do not wish to express any opinion." "Rather say you do not wish to be convinced," said Lord Pendower testily. " If I said that I should tell a lie. I should be truly thankful to find that my first suspicions were Incorrect, and I can say this much truly-I am staggered If not actually convinced. Are you satisfied now i" "N'o, of coure ; still holf a loaf is better than no bread. You will believe In Lady Noll one day-even as I do." " I ask nothing better," responded Dr. Fraeser heartily. "It goes against one's grain to think ill of a woman, and after all for a man like our friend Nell to have loved her so dclearly; there must have been some good In her." "You might say that muah of a con* vioted murderer," observed Lord -Pen. dower, annoyed at such a grudging con-I ceslone. "And you have no proofs even of her guilt." I " None whatever." "Then you have no right to judge her." " That Is why I asked you not to force me Into expressing an opinion. I have no bousiness to have one yet-mnch more to give it voice. And then the matter may soon be cleared up. Only I should like us to get rid of all these people first of all-it would be horrible to have them hanging round the water whilst it was being dragged." " Hadn't I better tell Saunders to order round the carriages I I dan lead the way." "I would rather you stayed, if you don't mind. I don't want people to say I took too much on myself." "But you are acting under Lady Niel's orders." " Absolutely and entirely at the pre sent moment. Any plans I may form will remain in abeyance until I have carried out hers. If the last fail then I shall be free to go my own way. I don't fancy our police will do much good In a case of this kind-they are not cunning and subtle enough. A French detective might." "Then why don't you persuade Lady Nell to engage a French detective 1" "Because the difference of language, habits, et cetera, would hamper him sadly over here. A French detective with French surroundings is Inimitable, but you mustn't transplant him. And then I don't know that she intends to employ a detective at all. She has placed the mat ter in Superintendent Harrison's hands, and he must do things in his own way." " Well, we shall see. I will just go and say good-bye to Lord Zoxford-I see he is just going-and I'll tell him, shall I the police are going to investigate the matter. People are naturally curIous, and it is better they should have some reliable information than be thrown en tlrely on their own invention." " I suppose it is-buItIt is all the talk Lady Nell is so specially dreading." " It must be terrible to a sensitive nature like hors, I know," said the young Earl, softly, "and yet how can it be helped I And they had better have a grain of truth to start with-however many lies It gathers as it goes along. We haven't had such a sensation as this In the county elude old Sir James Farquhar murdered his young wife from jealousy, and I was quite a boy then. OfJ course they'll talk, but she need not know what they say, surely. I don't fancy she has any great friends in the neighborhood and she is not obliged to see anyone who calls. Can her maid be trusted I" "I fancy so. I will speak to Baines. She gives me the idea of worshipping her mistress, and if so she will be only too anxious to save her as much as she can." Lord Zoxford came up to them at. this moment, but being a gentleman he asked no questions. However, Dr. Frazer volunteered all the information it was necessary for him to have. " A bad business," said the old peer, shaking his white head. " I don't under. stand it at all. I should like Lady Nell to know how thoroughly I sympathise with her, and, I say, Frazer, devil take it, couldn't you have held your tongue I A scandal like this is not pleasant in an honorable family." "Less unpleasant than putting a dummy in the family vault, my lord, surely," was the dry response. " Well, I don't know. I suppose on high moral grounds you were right, but I have a lower standard, which is expe diency, and it was such an unpleasant thing to happen In a family." Dr. Frazer laughed in spite of himself. "But, supposing Lady Neil had mar. rted again one day, and her husband had turned up again afterwards, Lord Zox ford ?" " Then that would have been the on pleasantest thing of all," he answered. Lord Zoxford belonged to the old schcol, and swore like a trooper, just from habit, having no ill meaning. He rather amused the younger generation, who did not dare do likewise-the men, we mean. He would not have used an oath before a lady to save his life. He was a very old man, having been at Waterloo, but he had so much vitality and spirit still, people forgot his age, just as he forgot it himself at times. "'Of course she would have married again," he said presently. " She is a fine woman, let me tell you. She re minds me of Lady Margaret Lascelles, who was the belle of the season in 1820 -before you young fellows were thought of-a divine creature, upon my soul I" and the old peer kissed his finger-tips ecstatically. "She was uncommonly par tial to your humble servant, everyone said, but "-breaking off suddenly with a sigh and a smile--"I must tell you all about it another time, my horses won't stand. Ta- ta," and he was gone. In another half-hour the house was clear of guests, both high and low, and the Superintendent began his gruesome task. But though they dragged the ornamental water carefully twice over, they found no corpse-- except the kitten which had been torn from the stable cat's loving breast a week before. After this they searched the house-an old rambling place which had been buIlt in the early days of Queen Ell?abeth'sa reign-with no better result. Baines, who knew every inch of it, guided them, and pointed out two or three mysteriousa passages which she said might lead any. where. On being explored they were found to lead nowhere, as It happened, but there might be others, as Baines said, which they knew nothing about. She was a Eawlaworth woman, and remembered there had been a great talk when she was a girl of subterranean passages leading to the seashore, where Charles the Second, and some of his followers, had once been hidden." "They say that of most old houses," Dr. Frazer observed. "I know they do, sir," answered Banes, in her quiet manner, "and no thing was ever proved, as far as I know, but I thought I would just mention It." "Quite right," Superintendent Haer rison said, "only even if It had been there once, it would be choked up with rubbish now for a certainty." "I should doubt Its having been there myself," remarked Dr. Fracer sceptically. "'It would have been known to the family If so, and I never heard Sir Walter refer to It, even as a boy, although such subjects have great farcina tion for lads. I often heard him regret there was no family ghost. I always spent the midsummer holidays here, and I know we explored every hole and cor ner, or that if there had been any trace of subterranean passages or caves we ahould have unearthed them between us." "So yen would, sir, no doubt," said the asuperintendent, cheerfully, "there's nothing boys don't poke their noses Into, judghg by my own. And we were par tlcularly enterprising, Sir Walter and I. Lady Nell was not a nervous mother either, and let us go our own way, IL-ra miracle we ever grew up we had so many hairbreadth escapes both on water and land." " Let us hope Sir Walter's old luck has followed him still, sir, and he is alive and well at this minute," "If he were alive and well he would be here," replied Dr. Frase with del ason. "What possible motive could he have for hiding away 1" "And he wasn't that sort of gentleman, either," put in Baines. " If I may make so bold as to express an opinion about my betters, there wasn't an ounce of deception in him. And that makes me so sure-as I ventured to tell my lady-that he Is dead and gone." "Then where is the body 1" inquired the Superintendent sharply. " Really, Mr Harrison I" exclaimed Baines, who thought him coarse, and then she added significantly, " If I knew where the remains were there would be an end of the mystery, for everyone else would know too. I am not one to keep things to myself, especially when her ladyship is in such trouble." Dr. Frszer noticed that her face softened always when she mentioned Lady Neil's name, and could quite under stand the passionate, unreasoning devo. tion a beautiful young mistress might inspire. He could even picture her flying like a tigress at anyone's throat whom she considered her enemy. Dr. Frazer was fond of studying cha racter, and he began to feel interested In this woman, who seemed to have the power of dominating others, and was always consistent and calm. She soon had the Superintendent un der her thumb, and though she was only a servant, and had no feminine charms. he deferred to her at last as if she were a duchess. When they came to the door of Lady Neil's room Balnes came to a pause. "You don't want to go In there, of course I" The Superintendent ought not to have hesitated, but he did, visibly. "I shouldn't like to cause her lsayshl2 any inconvenience," he replied, " but you can't say you have searched the whole house when you have left one room out, can you P" Baines conceded that point. Indeed, It appeared to Dr. Frazer, who was watching her closely, that she had no reason for objecting unless it were to enhance the value of the concession when made. She had herself made every preparation for the Superintendent's visit evidently, for the room was in perfect order, and Lady Nell was sitting bolt upright on a couch, fully dressed. Her face was like marble, in its rigid pallor, and Dr. Frazer, who was a keen observer, noticed that the corners of her mouth twitched a little from time to time, showing that her nerves were unsteady. But she bore her self finely, he was fain to confess, and she was as dignified as gracious to the Super. Intendent when he appeared, " You have not found any trace of my husband I" she said, in an eagerly inter rogative tone. Then she added, with a little catch In the breath that would have been a sob If she had not held herself with all her might. " You-you saw nothing in the lake 1" " Nothing, whatever, my lady." She made no comment on this, but sat, twisting her wedding-ring round and round on her white finger-a favorite habit of hers from the earliest day of her marriage. She did not look up when he searched In the wardrobes and Sir Walter's dressing-room, although under different circumstances she would cer tainly have been amused at Baines' zeal, for she insisted on showing him places where Basil could not have hidden, much more his father. There was a certain grim humor about the performance, as if she were laughing in her sleeve at the Superintendent all the while. This was very rude, but it was also original, and Dr. Frazer was ready to pardon a good deal of one for the sake of a little of the other, the latter commodity being so scarce. Indeed, she was the first person he had ever seen of her class who was not impressed by the majesty of the law. The search ended without any result. Baines led the Superintendent and his attendant satellites into the butler's pantry, and left Mr Saunders to do the rest. Then she stole softly back to her mistress's room. (To se Continued). 