THE CARDINAL IN MELBOURNE. ? « ? THE NEW CHURCH OF ST. MARY'S STAR OF THE SEA. HIS EMINENCE ON 'THE HERITAGE OF ? BLESSINGS IN THE CATHOLIC CHURCH.' ? - A BIG COLLECTION. ;':?;?' ' ; (BY OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) .--' By the express last Saturday the CardinalArch / /bishop of Sydney arrived at 12 30 o'clock. His ?'. Eminence, who had the use of the Commissioners' / carriage from Albury, was accompanied by the .-?' Very Rev. Dr, O'Haran, Administrator of St. \- Mary's Cathedral, and at Albury was joined by '?: Mr. John Anderson, M.P., and at a later stage of i1 the journey by the Hon. Nicholas Fitzgerald, K.S.G., M.L.C., and John Gavan Duffy, M.P. (ex / Postmaster- General^. At the Spencer- street -? station the Cardinal was warmly welcomed by his / Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne (Most Rev. ? Dr. Carr), the Bishop of Ballarat (Right Rev. Dr. ',? Moore), the Very Rev. Dean M'Kenna, V.G. ; Very .' Rev. Matthew Carey, P.P.; Revs P. Cremin, T. , English, and M. Hehir (St. Marv's, West Mel y. bourne), Very Rev. J. Ryan, S. J. (Xavier College); V Revs- J. H. O'Connell (Carlton), M. Quinn .-? (Woodend), G. A. Robinson, B.A., and / /J. Collins (St. Francis'), E. J. Madden .- (Pyramid Hill), Dr. A. L. Kenny, K.S G. ; the -/.building committee, the Commisaionerfor Railways '/?(Mr. Mathieson), Mr. P. h. Kennedy (architect who V carried out the design of St. Mary's). '.. '.' After the formal exchange of courtesies his Emi nence was escorted to the Archbishop's carriage, '?t Dj\ Carr and Dr. Moore accompanying the Cardinal Tn a second carriage were Dean M Kenna, Dr. O'Haran, and Father Carey. The object of the ? Cardinal's visit was to bless the magnificent new j church of St. Mary's Star of the Sea, West Mel \ bourne. Amongst those who dined with his Eminence at i the A-rchiepiscopal Palace on Saturday was the 1 Provincial of the Redemptorist Fathers (Very Rev. Thomss O'Farrell, CSS R ). who had justreturned ; from West Australia. The Right Rev. Dr. Reville, . - O.S.A. (Coadjutor-Bishop of Bendigo), was de ' tained in Benalla. owing to the indisposition of the parish priest (Very Rev. Dean Davy), and, in consequence, his Lordship was unable to fulfil his promise to assist at the dedication function THE NEW CHURCH. The work of construction has been going on for a very long time, and it is not yet quite complete. What remains to be done will be in the way of em bellishment and finishing touches. In the history of the new church the name of the late Rev. Fr. Aylward has an honoured place. The total cost to l'-date has been upwards of £30,000, and of this more than £21,000 has been actually paid. Clerical and '?' ' lay '? opinion is unanimous in praise of this church's -?'? design and workmanship The highest expert bpi ? hion was given on the occasion of a recent visit by ?-' the i president (Mr. Lloyd Taylor) and members of —the Royal Victorian Institute of Architects, at the 'invitation of the architect, Mr. Philip A. Kennedy. ; 'Mr. Taylor, after warmly complimenting the arehi «; tect, paid a graceful tribute to the Catholic body for ': their judgment in the selection of sites for their ' churches, their ambition in architectural designs, and their great generosity. ' ; , ? SUNDAY AT S T. MARY'S . .' ; , The f doors of St. Mary's Church, West Mel bourne, were thrown open at 9.30 o'clock on Sun day morning,, and the building began to fill rapidly. As the hour approached for the ceremonies there must have been 1400 persons present. The congre gation numbered many non-Catholics. His Emi s hence with the Archbishop of Melbourne, theBishop ' of Ballarat, and a Jarge number of the clergy, per '' formed the beautiful ceremony of blessing the -';; exterior and interior of the building. The scene /was one which will not easily be effaced from the memory of those who were privileged to witness it.' Shortly after 11 o'clock High Mass was cozn meneed, the celebrant being the Very Rev. M. Carey, P.P.; Rev. P. Cremin, deacon; Rev. M. 1 HeKir, sub-deacon; Rev. T. English, master of ? ceremories. The Cardinal occupied a temporary ' throrje on the Gospel side of the sanctuary. The ! Cafdinal's coat-of-arms, with the motto ' Omnia .'-? Omnibup,' stood out in bold relief on either side of the canopy of the throne, had been erected by j| Messrs Nunan Brothers, of this city. His Grace ''?'?? the; Archbishop of Melbourne sat next to the Cardi nal, who was attended by the Very Rev. Dr, »j OMSaran. On the Epistle side, the Bishop of Balla ' rat was seated, together with a number of the ?clergy. His Eminence was attired in his gorgeous ^scarlet robes, and his Grace of Melbourne and his 1 Lordship of Ballarat in cappa magna. ;He'rr G. S. de Chaneat's Grand Maes was pro duced for the first time, and it must be said that i the composer scored a triumph. The work has -been pronounced as equal to some of the best mas terpieces of the modern school. The conductor marshalled his large forces (120 voices and 30 in ? i t-umentalists) with excellent effect. The principal ^vbcaliBts were Miss Minnie Waugh, Miss Ida Cox, ?Mr. E. H. Sutton, and Mr. Vincent Cannon. Miss Fanny Williams was the leader of the choir, Mr. Heiiry Curtis was the leader of the orchestra, and Mr. M. Greer presided at the organ. At the con delusion of the Mass the choir gave the ' Hallelu jah Chorus,' by Handel, Mr. Otto Linden kindly ; taking the baton to relieve the conductor. THE CARDINAL'S DISCOURSE. His Eminence said the Catholic Church, the spiritual Kingdom of God upon earth, is the mas terpiece of the Redeemer's creative power and wisdom. The loved disciple, contemplating in joy. ous vision the outpouring of gifts and graces with \- -which it was enriched by its' Divine Founder, cries out : ?' I saw the Holy City, the new Jerusalem, coming do\vri out of heaven from God, prepared a3 a bride adoraed for her spouse. And 1 heard a great voice from the Throne, paying : Behold the Tabernacle of God with men, and He will dwell with them ; and they shall be His people, and God Himself with them thall be their God.' (Apoc xxi; 2). The great Doctor of the Church, St. .Augustine, towards* the close of the 4th century, wh'enV weary with his many years of wandering ; amid-the mazes of error, he at length found rest and peace in this City of God, exclaimed in an ecstasy of delight : ' Too late have 1 known Thee, .too late bate Iloved thee' j and covntless souls who had followed in his footsteps in his devious course, but j had, like him, in the depths of the mercy of God, been summoned to partake of the rich heritage of blessings prepared for them in Holy Church, lifted up their voices in the exuberance of their joy, and entoned the sweet canticle of thanksgiving : ' Courts of my Lord, Kingdom of my Saviour's blood ; one day in Thy tabernacles is better than a thousand ; let me praise Thee. O My God, for ever and ever.' The illustrious Newman, in our own day, not content to give expression with singular beauty to the same sentiments of spiritual rejoic ing, wished, moreover, to invite all who are outside the one saving fold to hasten to the bosom of the Church, that they, too, may be partakers of the in effable blessings which it was his own happy pri vilege to enjoy : ' Oh, long sought after, taidily found, desire of the eyes, joy of the heart, the truth after many shadows, the fulness after many foretastes, the home after many storms, come to her, poor wanderers, for she it is, and she alone, who can unfold the meaning of your being and the secret of your destiny.' This heritage of Divine blessings which from age to age has enraptured the most enlightened minds, and has endeared Holy Church to every Christian heart, will be the sub ject of my address to. you today, and I will ask j you to consider its varied gifts and graces under three heads: First— Our Saviour Himself ever present in His Church, and the manifold b'essings connected with Bis Divine Presence amongst us. Second — The spiritual authority with which Christ invested His Kingdom upon earth, and the sublime prerogatives which such an authority in volves And thirdly— I will endeavour to enu merate some of the special graces which may be styled the monilia Ghritli, the distinctive heavenly jewels with which the Redeemer enriched His Spouse, the Churc'ai, on the day of her espousals. THE DIVINE REDEEMER HIMSELF. The first and greatest treasure of Holy Ohurch is the Divine Redeemer Himself. Foretold in pro phecy the Messiah was destined to be the glory of Israel. His Kinedom would be eternal, mercy and truth, justice and peace would follow in Hi3 train, God would visit His people. In the mystery of the Incarnation, these prophecies ore fulfilled ; the heavens are bent down to enrth ; the Creator comes in search or His childrpn ; He, the Mighty God, the true Emmanuel, takes to Himself our human nature in the Imm culaie womb of the Blessed Virgin, and is born at Bethlehem. The hopes and prayers, the yearning and aspirations of the- patriarchs and prophets and saints of old are realized, the work of redemption is accomplished ? It is a remarkable phase of controversy in the closing year of the 19lh century that Holy Church should feel constrained, when refuting the errors that abound, to place in the forefront of her de fence of revealed truth the Divinity of Our Blessed Lord. The various heresies that arose 300 years ago have already run their course, they have flung away one by one the sacred truths which they brought with them when they forsook the Ca tholic fold, and at the present day ev.en the most approved champions of orthodoxy amongst them make light of the very fundamental principles on which Christianity rests. They will epeak of Christ as gifted and privileged and ennobled beyond other men, but they will not confess that He is true God, nor will they allow Him to be adored as such. Hence for them His birth at Bethlehem is nothing more than an historical event, a singular event in the past his tory of the world, which marked, indeed, an epoch m the development of civilization, but one that cannot be regarded a? a living and abiding fact, and whose influence on the fluctuating cur rents of human progress has gradually passed away. But the Catholic Church unceasingly sets forth as. the first and foremost principle in her teaching of Divine truth the golden words of the Evangelist:— 'In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. By Him all things were made. In- Him was life, and the life was the light of man. He came unto His own, and His own received Him not. But as msny as received Him. He guave them power to be made the sons of God, to them that believe in His name. And the Word was made flesh and dwelt amongst us, and we saw His glory as of the only begotten of the Father, in the fulness of grace and truth.' Thus He is the Eternal, the First and the Last by Whom all things have their being, and to Whom all perfect worship, all homage, all adoration, all love are due. In the words of the Apostle He is the splendour of the Father's substance, the ever subsisting image of the Divine glory, Himself true God, bleased for ever. This is the great mystery which hidden from eternity in God, hath been made manifest in the fulness of time, unfolding to us the riches of the glory or the Most High, and the treasures of His mercy for fallen man. As the Apostles teaches : ' Great is the mystery of piety : God made manifest in the flesh.' (1 Tim. iii., 16:) But it is a mystery which the world in the pride of its false wisdom cannot grasp. The Divine light shin6th in the darkness and the darkness compre hendeth it not. ' I confess to Thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, in that Thou hast hidden these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them to little ones. Yea, Father, for so it hath been pleasing in Thy sight' (Luke x., 21). But if the world will not receive the teaching of Our Saviour, the sweetest flower of wisdom in the Catholic mind is to know the Father, as the Redeemer has re vealed Him to us, and the grandest crown of vic tory in the Catholic heart is through filial piety to make some return for the Father's love. The In carnation is not a mere passing phase of God's dealings with man. The Word made flesh i3 the ever-present and abiding mystery of God's love, unceasingly flooding the world with the blessings of Divine mercy : ' Christ Jesus,' says the Apostle, ' the same yesterday, to-day, and for evermore.' Thus the living Christ is everything to us. He is indeed ' the way, the truth, and the life.' He is the very principle of ? thf? supernatural life by which we are the sons of God. He is the foundation of aH our hopes ; the source whence ccmes to us the formal gift of Divine Faith with all its light and consola tions and joys. Divine Faith ia styled by the Apostle the substance of the things we hope for. It brings home to us the reality of things unseen, it leads us to the Beatific Vision, and it enables us even during our pilgrimage here below to grasp the truth of God insofar as He hps been pleased to reveal Himself to ug. Like the pillar of light which guided the Jewish people in the desert, it illumines I the path of life with the rays of Divine light, and guides and guards us in our heavenward course. 'This is the victory which conquereth the world, your faith.' It is the root of the supernatural life in man ; it is the gift which prompts the heart to generous labour and the noblest sacrifices. It truly opens the mind to God, and enables uo to lead on earth a life of heaven. It is like the golden ladder seen by the patriarch Jacob, which rested on the earth but reached even to the heavens, and by which the angels ascending and descending conduct the faithful soul to the presence of the Most High. No matter how men may be occupied with the thoughts of earth, and may endeavour by the grati fication of their passions to overwhelm the world in darkness, the Redeemer in His mercy shall not forsake it. His Divine light will ever continue to shed its rays upon mankind, and to mark the secure path that leads to eternal life THE SACRAMENTS. Through the Redeemer's mercy, the Sacramental graces which impart and preserve to us our spiritual life are a heritage of blessings in Holy Church. Before the comine of Our Saviour the condition of the human race was typified by the withering bones spread out: over a vast plain, shown in vision to the prophet Ezechiel. But when the Redeemer came, the Spirit of God breathed upon those withering bones and they were clothed with flesh anew and were quickened into life, and stood erect as a mighty army of God. It is through Divine grace in the Sacraments that this new life ia imparted to us. _ It is this gift that enables us to achieve our spiritual victories during our pilgrimage here below; the same gift it is that will crown the merit of our triumphs in Heaven, The world ignores this super natural life of Divine grace, but the Redeemer declares that this wan His mission to impart that Divine life to us : ' For this I have come that they may have life, and may have it more abundantly ' (John x. 10). As the Heavens are elevated above the earth, even so (loes the spiritual life of sancti fying grace transcend in dignity and beauty and splendour everything that this world can present. The Sacraments -which impart and preserve this supernatural life of the soul are the fountains of which the prophets speak, that changed the desert into a watered garden ; the fountains of salvation of which the people of God were to drink with joy; spiritual fountains open to ail who are of the House of Israel. In the Sacraments, the blessings of sanctification are brought within the reach of all the faithful, no matter how frail or sinful they may have been. The infinite love of Our Saviour was not content to achieve the work of Redemption and pur chase us at a great price, but in the Sacraments He is busy going to and fro among the souls whom He has redeemed. The fountains of Redemption are here ever full and overflowing and free to all, and He who ia the source of their blessing stands beside them and lovingly appeals to the children of men : ' All you that are athirst come to the waters ; and you who have no money, make haste, buy and eat.' (Is. lv. 1.) But there is another peerless gift of the Redeemer to Holy Church in connection with this ministry of supernatural graces that merits particular attention. At the last Supper Our Saviour bequeathed to His Apostles as a legacy of love His own Divine Priest hood ' Do ye this in remembrance of Me,' were His solemn words ; and as He went forth to Geth semane, in His beautiful prayer to the Father, He registers the momentous heritage thus conferred on them : 'The glory which Thou hast given to Me, I have given to them' (John xvii. 22). The Re deemer by the union of His Sacred humanity with .the eternal Word became our High Priest, the moat exalted honour and dignity and glory that could be alloted to Him as man. In the words of the Apostle, '? Christ did not glorify Himself to be made a High Priest, but He that said unto Him : Thou art my Son ; this day have I begotten Thee' (Heb, v., 6). A participation in that peerless glory now becomes the Apostles' heritage : ' The glory which Thou hast given to Me, I have given to them.' The Redeemer in- His sacrifice offered the perfect and complete submission of His will to the Father, a submission complete even unto the death on the Cross. That sacrifice was accom plished at the last Supper, though its outward manifestation was only perfected on Calvary. And on Calvary, too, He in His wondrous mercy endured in His sufferings and ignominy the burden of our sins, thus meriting that we might be exempted from the eternal punishment that the Divine justice would demand. And Our Saviour did not cease to be our High Priest. Amid the splendours of the Resurrection He retained the insignia of the sacred wounds of the Crucifixion In Heaven His sacred humanity is enthroned at the right hand of the Father, but He continues to be our High Priest. The Lamb as if slain, yet living, is the perpetual holocaust on the. golden altar, and the angelt and saints join in the eternal acclaim: 'To Him that sitteth on the throne, and to the Lamb, benediction and honour and glory and power for ever and ever' (Apoc. v. 13). In the Espistle to the Hebrews, the Apostle teaches that Our Saviour in His heavenly kingdom is 'ever living to make intercession for us' (vii. 25), that enthroned at the right hand, yet He is ' still ministering for ue' (viii. 3), and that He entered into the Heavenly sanctuary ' to ap pear before the face of God for iis' (ix. 24). It is not that the Sacrifice on the Cross, was not com plete. _ He truly accomplished the work of Re demption. It is not a new sacrifie that now is offered, but the one oblation is perpetuated in Heaven, the Redeemer's wounds ever pleading in our behalf. Thus He continues to be our High Priest that He may bring home to each faithful soul the blessings of Redemption So, t-o, it is that on our altars we see perpetuated the same Sacrifica of Ca'vary. The prophecy of Malaehy is fulfilled: '? From the rising of the sun, even to the going down, My name ia great among the Gentiles, and In every place there is sacrifice, and there is offered to My name a clean oblation ; for My name is great among the GentJles, saith the Lord of Hosts' (i. 11). The Lamb that was slain yet is livine, is offered on our altars. A« in heaven, so here the Redeemer is still our High Priest and Victim, but here through the ministry of His priest He offers the same sacrifice, and under the Sacramental veils the same eternal Victim is presented to the Father. A GRAND AND PERFECT HOMAGE. How grand, how perfect, is the homage which Holy Church is thus privileged to offer to the Most High. Looking back through the course of nine teen centuries, the Catholic Church stands before us a stately cathedral built by the Redeemer's ? . — . ? . ..i^ar t , . . I hands, and one by one the nations of Christendom1 enter' there to offer supreme worship and adoration to God. How magnificent is that procession o£ nations and peoples embracing all who have been redeemed, Each holds aloft its own banners and symbols, each chanta its distinctive anthems of praise and thanksgiving and glory to the Most High. But one is the altar, one the sacrifice, one the Victim that is offered for all. As that proces sion of ages and nations wends its way through the aisles and eanctuaries of that world- wide cathedral, not built by the hands of man, how varied are the tributes of piety, how sublime the worship that is offered. But the centre of all the adoration and praise and worship is the Divine High Priest, and the one Sacrifice which through the ministry of His chosen priesthood on earth He offers to the Father. The Apostles are the leaders of that won derful procession. Prostrate before the Lamb, in the name of all the redeemed, they offer their golden crowns. There is the army of the martyrs, magnificent in their array of heroism and devoledness to the Faith. The source of all their heroism and fortitude is the Blessed Eucharist. The Church was most careful to nourish with the Bread ot the strong those who were called to give testi mony of their Faith. As one of the ancient Fathers has written : He is not equal in the strife to overcome the persecutors who has not partaken of the flesh of Our Blessed Lord. There is the bright array of the great doctors of the Church, and the Bishops and priests, who preached the . Faith, and whose theme of eulogy was the sacrifice that is offered up. There are the choirs of virgin saints whose canticles rejoice heaven itself, the secret of whose privilege and rc-joicing is the Eu charistic Bread that nourished their spiritual life. And there is withal the countless throng of all na tions and peoples, of every race and every clime, whose anthems like the voice of many waters offer unceasing homage and praise and thanksgiving to God. This great truth enables us to realize in Bome way the perfection of the Divine worship which in Holy Mass the humblest of the faithful is privileged to offer to God. Of ourselves we have nothing that would be worthy of the Divine acceptance. But the Redeemer has provided His Church with a truly acceptable gift, worthy of religion and worthy of the ©ivine Majesty to whom it is offered. The ham blest child of the Church who kneels at the altar unites in spirit with the sacrifice that is offered by the hands of the priest. He feels that he is asso ciated with the mighty throng of fervent worship pers of all nations and of all ages, as well as with the triumphant choirs offering the Divine Victim that is all-pleasing in the sight of God. He knows that day by day on 250,000 altars throughout Chris tendom the one sacrifice is offered up giving glory to the Most High and presenting an homage and adoration most pleasing to Him. The faithful, when they assist at Holy Mass, conscious though they be of weakness and frailty and misery, cannot but re joice in the rich offering with which the Redeemer, in the excess of His Divine bounty and mercy, has thus equipped them They know that the holocaust of sacrifice is offered up for them and in their name, and they fervently unite with it the silent offering of their own hearts. In humble confidence they remain at the foot of the mountain from whose summit ascends the fragrant incense of adoration and praise. And whilst with all fervour they pay they debt of supreme worship that is due to God, they petition for the graces of which they stand in need, for the gift of true contrition, and for the crowning grace of final perseverance, and they pray that the blessings of the mercy of God in all their boundless wealth may be extended not only to themselves, but to those who are dear to them, their parents or children, their family, their friends, their country, and that in the depth of the riches of the Divine bounty the poor souls suffer ing in Purgatory may not be without relief. I need not dwell at any length on the other infinitely precious gifts that form part of this special heritage of blessings. There is the indwelling of the Holy Ghost, which through Our Saviour's prayer has become the inexhaustible source of every consola tion and grace in the Catholic Church. ' I will ask the Father,' is the Redeemer's announcement to the Apostles, ' and he shall give you another Paraclete, that he may abide with you for ever.' And again He repeats: 'The Paraclete, the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in My name, will teach you all things, and bring all things 'to your mind, whatsoever I shall have said to you. When He, the Spirit of Truth, is come, He will teach you all truth' And, through the Holy Spirit, another most precious Divine gift is ours, the inspired books of Holy Writ which the Church has ever guarded with inviolable care and com mended, to her children. The Sacred Scriptures are an invincible armour against every weapon of heresy, an impregnable bulwark of defence for re yealedtruth, an authentic narrative of God's deal ings with man, a comforting record of the public ministry of Our Blessed Lord furnishing to the faith ful children of the Church an inexhaustible store of lessons to enlighten and guide and instruct them. SPIRITUAL AUTHORITY, Another glorious heritage of Holy Church is presented to us in the spiritual authority with which she was invested by her Divine Founder^ and in the manifold gifts which flow from that authority. Whosoever has studied the life of Our Blessed Lord will have realized that He proposed to Him self to accomplish a work truly Divine, a work devised by an infinite wisdom and foretold in prophecy, which would be wholly neeuliar to Him; and He accomplished, this despite the thousand obstacles with which it was beset, and despite all the efforts of the allied forces of Satan and a wicked world to prevent its accomplishment. The grand work thus achieved was the building up of ? God' a Kingdom upon earth. It was manifestly in the exercise of an almighty power and of a Divine authority that Our Saviour accomplished this. Again and again the voice of the Father was heard giving the seal of Heaven to the Redeemer's mis sion : ' This is My beloved Son, in Whom I am well pleaded, hear ye Him.' The prophecies that were fulfilled and the wondroua miracles of mercy that were accomplished, proclaimed His authority to be Divine; but the crowning evidence was added to all this when, radiant with the splendours of the Divine Majesty, and leading captivity captive, He, by His own power, arose triumphant from the tomb. It pleased Our Saviour that the. Divine authority thus authenticated, thus sealed by ? Heaven itaelf, would be communicated to Holy Church. ' Ab the Father has sent Me, so I send you,' were His words to the Apostles. ' He whQ hears you hears Me; he who despises you despises Me;' And again He said to them, ' All power is given Me in Heaven and on earth ; go ye therefore and make all nations your disciples,' or, as we read in the gOspel of St. Mark, ' Go ye into the whole 'world, and preach the gospel to every creature; he that believeth and is baptized shall be saved ; but he that believeth not shall be condemned.' It is ttot, that Christ Himself would surrender His Divine power ; He would continue to exercise it through out all time. ?' I am with you all days, even to the . consummation of the world ' ; but He would exer cise it through the Apostles and their successors. How august is the authority thus given to Holy Church. It leads us back to the very source of all authority, that is, to God Himself- It knows no boundaries; no limits are set to it. It is not restricted by any frontiers of the secular powers that sway the destinies of this world ; its only limits are the bounds of the earth, It is not subject to the vicissitudes of time, or the decrepitude of age, for it is Divine; and it shall continue to be exercised so long as the world shall last. This spiritual authority is a precious heritage of blessing to the Church, devised, as the Apostle tells us, for building up the mystic body of Christ, that is, for guarding and preserving the teachings of the faith, and perpetuating the treasures of redemption. St. James further attests that this Divine authority is granted to the Church, that the faithful may not be tossed about by every wind of false doctrine, or be betrayed into error by the plausible reasonings, or crafty schemes, and cunning devices of evil- design- ing men. PROTESTANTISM AND THE BIBLE. When the standard of revolt was unfurled by in- numerable agencies of heresy in the 16th century, it was mainly this spiritual authority of the Church that was marked out for assault. The authority of the inspired writings was set up as a substitute in its stead. The Bible, and nothing but the Bible, was the war-cry of all the sects. The developments of Protestantism in our own day have become the avenging Nemesis of the Divine truth that was thus assailed. In the pursuits of higher criticism, gifted men who hold exalted positions in the Anglican Church, or are prominent for learning among the various Nonconformist sectaries, have practically undermined the popular reverence for the Bible and swept away its authority. One of these distin guished writers has described the Bible as ' a rope of sand' ; another asks his readers to believe that 'what we have is not the Bible,' and that the true Bible has yet to be discovered. One of the most pretentious of those writers has declared that the Scriptures 'abound in myths and fables." 'They contain indeed,' he says, ' the gold of revelation, but this gold is covered up and lost in the rubbish of centuries. The Bible,' he adds, ' has had the fate of the city of Jerusalem. Ancient Jerusalem lies buried beneath the rubbish of more than 18 centuries. In recent times this rubbish has in a measure been explored, and by digging to the rock bed the ancient city of the holy times has been re covered. Just so the Holy Scriptures, as given by Divine inspiration of holy prophets, lie buried be neath the rubbish of centuries. The valleys of Biblical truth have been filled up with the debris of human dogmas, ecclesiastical institutions, litur gical formulas, priestly ceremonies, and casuistic practices. Historical criticism is digging through this mass of rubbish.' Even the Protestant Dean of Canterbury does not hesitate to say that the Bible is a mixture of truth and error, and he prac tically surrenders the whole case to the opponents of the sacred text when he contends that the Chris tian apologist can no longer be asked to defend the book as a whole, but select passages of it only. Another divine of considerable lite rary, fame goes so far as to affirm that the Apostle of Nations, convert as he was, did not understand the truths that he was expounding, and hence that in his epistles he is incoherent in his teachings regarding the doctrines of Divine faith. As a result of such pretentious theories and state ments on the part of men who are regarded as leaders of thought in the English speaking Protes tant world, a cry of despair has gone up from the very depths of the Anglican communion invoking some Divine authority to come to its aid to define what tenets are to be held, and to unveil the Scrip tural truth in its fair forms to the anxious minds and troubled hearts. A few months ago a remark able article appeared in one of the English maga zines giving the opinions of several prominent theo logians representing the drift of belief in the various Protestant Churches in England and on the Conti nent, and the conclusion of them all was formulized in the words 'the Bible taken by itself can no longer be regarded as a guide to true Christianity, and can afford no sufficient proof that such and such doctrines are true. It is a guide and a proof only when some authority outeide the book is able to earmark what is true and essential in it, and distin guish this from what is indifferent and fallacious.' And the writer goes on to say : ' The original Pro testant position set forth by divines like Hooker, who denounced, as one of the fundamental errors of Rome, the doctrine that ' Scripture was insuffi cient without tradition,' is by the Protestantism of to- day being itself denounced and repudiated ; and a doctrine which, in some respects at all events, re sembles that of Rome is more or less explicitly is the being set up by them in its place. This doctrine that, as a guide to truth, or as proof of it, Scripture is altogether insufficient, unless it iB guaranteed and interpreted by some authority external to itself ; and this authority has to answer two sets of questions. Firstly, since the Bible is a mixture of truth and error, it has to separate for us the inspired passages from the erro neous; and secondly, since the inspired passages imply more than they say, since the Christian creeds are deduced from, rather than contained in, them, and since equally earnest man have deduced from them very different conclusions, this authority must separate for us what is orthodox in dogma from what is heretical, just as it separates for us in the Bible the Divine elements from the human. It is this authority, then, which, for the modern Pro testant, is now confessed to be, as it always has been for the Catholic, the intellectual and logical foundation on which Christianity rests.' This perplexity and anguish of those who have forfeited the Divine authority that would instruct and guide them, should doubly endear to us the heritage of blessing which it is our privilege to enjoy. He who is ' the Way, the Truth, and the Life,' invests Holy Church with His own authority, and commis sions her to teach us His lessons of Divine wisdom, to guard us in the paths of life, and to lead us to our heavenly destiny. He decreed, moreover, in the unsearchable ways of His mercy that this sp; ri- tual supreme authority would be respondent with a foui fold diadem of peerless radiance so distinc tive of its origin that even they who run may read and must confess that the Church is the Redeemer's work, the masterpiece of His right hand. THE DIADEM OF UNITY, SANCTITY, AND CATHOLICITY. What shall I say of the Diadem of Unity whose beauteous rays shed such lustre on the authority of the Church which it adorns ? In the prayer o'f the Redeemer, recorded in the 17th chapter of Sti John's Gospel, He asks the Father not only that the faithful may be preserved in the sacred bonds of unity, but, further, that such unity would be a manifest proof to the whole world of His own Divine mission. Our Saviour adds that it was not for the immediate disciples alone for whom He prayed, but for those also who through their word would believe in Him 'that they may be one, that the world may believe that Thou hast sent Me ' For 19 centuries this perfect unity has been shown forth in the Catholic Church, and in her alone. From the rising to the setting of the sun 250 mil lions of faithful souls receive the same doctrines and profess the same Faith. It is relying on the Divine authority thus given to her by Our Blessed Lord that we accept her lessons of heavenly wisdom, and as it is impossible for a Divine authority to vary in its teaching, so we feel assured that the Faith which we receive is the same which the Apostles an nounced when the sound of their preaching went forth into the whole world ; the same for which countless martyrs joyfully laid down their lives; which the great Doctors preached in every age, and which gave consolation and peace and victory to countless Saints : ' This is the victory which con quereth the world, your Faith.' And, together with the Unity of Faith, the Church enjoys through the same Divine authority and through the efficacy ot the Redeemer's prayer, a perfect unity of Sacramen tal graces, and of religious worship under the ever watchful guardianship of Him whose commission it is to feed the lambs and the sheep of the spiritual fold. The diadem of Sanccity, radiant with the countless gems of the virtues of the Saints, also adorns the Church. The Church cannot but be holy. The spirit of sanctity ever abides with her,' and the Redeemer is Himself present to her 'all days even to the consummation of the world' to en'ighten, and guide, and protect her. The Church is described by the Apostle as the counterpart on earth of the heavenly Jerusalem, and shs iB presented to us as the spouse of the Lamb, a virgin ever chaste and immaculate without spot or wrinkle The virtues of the Saints from the radiant roba of the Spouse of Christ. As ' star doth differ from star in bright ness,' even so endless in its variety is the array of virtues that thus adorns the Church. The splen dour of her sanctity is ? the radiant vesture and gilded clothing' of which the royal Psalmist speaks ; it shows forth to the world that her origin is Divine. And it is given us not only to admire this heritage of the virtues nf the Saints in Holy Church ; we, moreover, rejoice in their holiness, for they are our brothers in the Faith ; we regard their heroiam and their triumphs as our own, and we may fondly hope' to follow in the paths which they have trod and to attain their crown. The Church is also endowed with the diadem of Catholicity. It is not to one or other chosen nation that she is destined to bend he'r steps. Her mission is directed to the children of God of every race and every tongue, that the fountains of spiritual gladness may be open to all, and all may be enlightened by the rays of Divine truth. All alike are invited here to partake of their Father's blessing, even as hereafter all are called to be made like to Him in the splen dours of His glory. Faithful to her mission, the Church untiringly sends forth to the remotest lands the heralds of the glad tidings of Redemption, There is no region of the known world no matter how remote, in which she has not planted the stan dard of the Cross, and there is no people, no matter how rude and uncivilized, to whom she haB not preached Christ crucified. The Apostolic diadem also adorris the Church, for the Apostles are the foundations of this new Jerusalem, and it is the Church's mission to r/reserve and to present to the world till the end of time the type of the Apostles, to hand on their traditions from generation to generation, to perpetuate their doctrine, and in an unbroken line of sacerdotal ministry to link the faithful of each successive age with the Divine outpouring of blessings he3towed upon the Church on the first great Pentecostal Feast. Thus equipped with Divine authority and adorned with manifold diadems, the Church, as the Spouse of Christ, has received yet another gift of priceless heritage for her children. The Redeemer has set upon her lips the seal of infallible and unerring teaching, so that her words are words of life, and her doctrine is the teaching of the Saviour Himself. The prophet's words are fulfilled : 'This is my covenant ; My spirit that is in thee, and My words that I have put in thy mouth shall not depart out' of thy mouth, nor out of the mouth of thy seed, nor out of the mouth of thy seed's seed from henceforth and for ever. Thou ghalt be a crown of glory in the land of the Lord, and a royal diadem in the hands of thy God. I will make thee an eternal excellence, a joy unto many generations; salvation shall occupy thy walls, and praise thy gates ; thy sun shall no more go down and thy moon shall not be diminished. No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper ; and every tongue that resisteth thee in judgment thou shalt condemn/' ' . : - : ? THE REDEEMER'S GIFTS TO HOLY CHURCH. I come now to those gifts which may be styled the monilia Chrisli, that is to say, the dower with which the Redeemer enriched the Church, and the bridal ornaments with which He wished her to be adorned on the day of her espousals. But so vast ia this array that we can gather only a few flowers from the Garden of Eden. Countless as are the stars in the firmament, even so, innumerable beyond all that the mind can grasp, are the bless ings and gifts and graces which in overflowing abundance Christ has conferred upon His chosen spouse. First of all, there is the fruitf ulness of missionary zeal. . The Redeemer was Himself the light and life of the world, and He came to impart His Divine light and life to man seated in dark ness and in the shadow of death. He was the truth, and from His own Divine words we learn that for this He came into the world to give testi mony to the truth. The knowledge and the love of God had grown cold among men, and again the Redeemer declared, ' I have ccme to catit fire upon the earth and what do I desire but that it be kindled?' Now what is the missionary fruitful ness which He gave as a precious heritage to His Church, but that imparting of a Divine life, and the spreading of the light of heavenly truth, and the kindling of the sacred fire of love in the hearts of men. manifest works of Divine mercy and love which Holy Church shrmld perpetuate till the end of time. The Prophet's words shall be indeed ful filled : ' Thy gates shall be open continually ; they shall not be shut day or night, that the strength of the Gentiles may be brought to thee.' (Is. lx). Looking back on the course of centuries we see that in every age this missionary fruitfulness has been a characteristic of Holy Church. From the rifing to the setting sun the heralds of the gospel are bringing the glad tidings of redemption to those that were in ignorance of Divine truth, and from countless lands is entoned the joyous anthem; ' How beautiful on the mountain summits are the 'ootprints of the messengers of glad tidings, the messengers of peace' Other c mraunions from time to time have endeavoured, but in vain, to emulate the glorious achievements cf the missionaries of the Catholic Church. Tertul lian in his day illustrated by a trite ex ample such efforts of those who were out side the one true fold. ' The wasps,' he sayp, ' can emulate in their hives the moat delicate work of the bees ; one thing alone Bhall be found wanting, that is. the honey.' So it is that the various here ^tical communions having immense resources at their command, may send forth armies of emissaries and agents, and in a thousand ways may endeavour with success to impart all the material advantages of civilization. Hut the honey is ever found to be wanting. The virtues of the Christian life can only blossom and produce their fruit where the light and the graces of the Kingdom of God abound. Another sacred heritage bequeathed by Our Saviour to His ?Church is her privilege to endure suffering and persecution of His name at the hands of the wicked. He thus admonished the Apostles : 'If the world hate you, know ye that it hath hated Me before you If you had been of the world, the world would love its own ; but because you are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you. Remember My word that I said to you, 'The servant is not greater than his master.' If they have persecuted Me, they will also persecute you ; if they have kept My word, they will keep yours also. But all those things they will do to you for My name's sake, because they know not Him that sent me. These things I have spoken to you that you be not scandalized. They will put you out of the syna gogues; yea, the huur cometh. that whosoever killeth you, will think that he doth a service to God ' (John xvi , xvii.). The Redeemer had chosen for Himself the path of suffering and humiliation. The Church would be privileged to wear His royal robe. He was subjected to calumny, hatred, and persecution, the untold sufferings at the hands of wicked men. The same would continue to be a distinctive feature of the Church's career on earth. The civil state would bind her hands in fetters. She wou'd be stigmatized as the enemy of Caesar, hostile to his interests, opposed to the progress and the enlightenment of the day On every side strifes and humiliations would await her. Yet she would outlive all this. Like the milk-white hind, she was destined not to die. The conspiracies and plottings and foul devices of wicked men are forged against her in vain. Therj could be no bet ter proof that her vitality is Divine SUFFERINGS AND TRIUMPHS. If the heritage of suffering was marked out for the Church, yet was the heritage of victory to re main with her to the end of time. The Apostle comforted the faithful with the assurance of such triumphs : ' This is the victory that conquereth the world, your faith ' All human power might be arrayed against her. For three centuries, the strength and energies of imperial Rome, combined with the hostility that wealth or passion or pride could devise, were marshalled against her. The civil power availed of every resource of cruelty to overcome her constancy ; she was assailed by a series of persecutions unparalleled in the records of the world Nevertheless, she triumphed. The capital of heathenism became the very centre of her authority, the seat of the Chief Pastor of Chris tendom. Exile and death might await the Apostles and their successors, yet religion was crowned with victory. No force could subdue it, and its influence, like that of a triumphant array, pervaded the whole world. With the Church's triumph over the per secutions waged by the powers of this world, we may link her heritage of victory over all the here sies that assail her. And it is a singular fpature of those efforts of error, that the more violent are the asiaults, the greater is the brilliancy with which the gem of Divine truth shines forth in the diadem of Holy Church. In the de fence of the sacred deposit of the faith, the Church may truly be stid to have been always ' on the battlefield.' Some here sies would openly assail the tenets of revealed truth; Others by sophistry and secret assaults would seek to undermine the Church's teaching. Agnostics and rationalists would persuade the world that the. Kingdom of God on earth was out of date, and that the Church's mission had come to an end. Eve*y resource which human passion could devise would be availed of to heap ridicule upon her teaching, and to stir up odium against her. As early as the days of Augustine, 200 sects were reckoned that; had sought to rob the Church of Divine truth, or to engraft upon her teaching the fanciful tenets of their own pride and selfishness. Since those days, not a century has passed but new heresies have arisen, using every art and stratagem to corrupt' the; Church's doctrine. In the face of all these foes, ; ' history presents her to us as relying on the hea- ' venly mission confided to her and invincible in the maintenance of truth through the strength of her Divine founder. To each heretical communion that has arisen she has addressed the same words with which 17 centuries ago the Christian Apolo gist rebuked the heretics of his time. Who are you, whence have you come, let us see your title:deed°, who id it that has begotten you ? You have come too late ; there is only the one Church that can lay claim to the inheritance of Divine truth given by Christ to the Apostles and consigned by them to her. The date of your origin is marked in the re cords of the Church's history. To the iniquity of the powers of this world, or to the pride and cor ruption of evil-designing men, you owe your birth. Like the other heresies that have gone before jou, you are but a fruitless and withered branch, and like them it shall be your lot slso to be lopped off from the living vine which is the one true Church. THE LONG LINE OF PONTIFFS. j There is one prerogative of the Catholic Church that must not be passed over I mean the unbroken secession of Chief Pastors through which the Church of each successive age is inseparably linked' with the public ministry of Our Bles6ed.Lord. St. Augustine, writing in the beginning of the! 6th century, declared that this feature of the Church of itself sufficed to reveal the Divine power by which she waB sustained : ' I am kept in the Church,' he said, ' by the succession of Pastors who have come in an unbroken line from the very See of Peter to the present hour.' If such an argument was resist less in ita force in the 5th century, what shall we I say of it at the present day, when Providence for 19 ;; centuries has extended to it a -watchful care ? In ?'- that unbroken line of Pastors we find the names of ??. 30 Popes who, as martyis sealed with their blood their testimony to the Faith, and we find more than 30 others who, by the heroism of their virtues, won the bright aureola of the Saints Well has an eloquent English historian exc a'med : ' The proudeBt Royal houBes are but of ypsterday com pared with the line of Supreme Pontiff*. That line, we trace back in an unbroken series frrm the Pope-' who crowned Napoleon in the 19th century to the : Pope who crowred Pepin in the 8th, andfar beyond the time of Pepin the august dynasty extends till it is lost in the twilight of fable. The Republic, f -, Venice came next in antiquity But the Republic oE Venice was modern when compared to the Papacy; and the Republic of Venice is gone, and the Papacy remains. The Papacy remains not in ; decay, not a mere antique, but full of life and youthful vigour The Catholic Church is; still : sending forth to the furthest ends of the world mis sionaries as zealous as those who landed in; Kelt with Augustine, and still confronting hostile kings '. with the same spirit with which she confronted Attila. The number of her children i* great t ?') than in any former age. N' r do we see any sign ? which indicates that the term of her long dominion is approaching She saw the commencement of all the governments and of all the ecclesiastical estab lishments that now exist in the world ; and we fet 1 . no assurance that she is not destined to see the end of them all. She was great and rfspected before the Saxon set foot on Britain, before the Frank had. passed the Rhine, when Grecian eloquence still-, nourished in Antioch, when idols were still wor? , shipped in the temple of Mecca. And she msy still exist in undiminished vigour.when some tra veler from New Zealand shall in the midst of a vast solitude, take his stand on the broken Brch of London Bridge sketch the ruins of St. Paul's.' . THE COLLECTION AND PRESENTATION: OF AN ADDRESS. The collection amounted to £1209, At the end of the Mass, an address of welcome, beautifully : illuminated by Mr. Kettfr, was lead and preiented to his Eminence by 'our mutual friend,' Dxi' O'Donnell. The Cardinal-Archbishop, in reply, thanked Father Carey and the gentlemen associated with him for their address, and assured them that it was a source of special pleasure to him to be associated with them in their work of dedicating th?ir bemti ful church to the worship of God- It was always a sourco of pleasure to visit their Queenly City of/the South ; not, however, to admire its commercial ? progress and stately buildings, but rather to learn lessons from the building up in this fair land by their zealous pastors, aided by a generous people, of the works of religion. The great leader of religion here and his devoted workmen were raising up noble monuments of religion, and all must admiro: their zeal and devotednees. Blessings innumerable would attend those who had had a share in the; work of building such a beautiful parochial church. AT VESPERS.' In the evenirg, Solemn Vespers were sung by Father Carey at 7 o'clock. The church was again thronged. Special music was rendered'by the choir. A powerful sermon was delivered by the Superior of the Vincentian Fathers (Very Rev. M. Maher, CM.). . *??'?.-. 