THE . ELEMENTS. ? — i ii ' * BY A LOWER-FORM BOY. ?^rnt'';' are four elements— -, W^ fire, water, air, and wind; ~- '?- ? there may .be' .some niorjs, ? r~^|- but those. afe: all I 'know *^ f^l anything about. Fire is ii raused by striking a match, II and then lighting a can-, I I die or anything' like that (J with it. If the match goes \\- ^^ out ^before you have lit your candle you won't have any fire, so then you have to keep on striking more till you do light it. When I -was home last vacation I struck no less than nine matches one night in my room trying to light the gas. I had been reading a ghost story before coming to bed, and when I came into the room I thought I saw something moving in a dark corner. I broke the Tieads off six in succession, and then I got so excited that I blew two out as soon as I had lit them; the ninth one did the trick. When the light flared up there was nothing in that corner, only an old jacket. I could have sworn that jacket was moving when I came into the room. You needn't be thinking I was frightened, and that .was what made me waste the matches. I was anxious to get a bit of light on the subject or object — that was all, so there! I like reading ghost stories in the daytime. The heads of matches are made from brimstone and some other things mixed up; when you strike a match the brimstone lights itself — that's what you call spasmodic combustion. Brimstone is all right when it is used for matches; but I think it is a shame to make kids eat it along with treacle, like I was made once. Of course, I didn't funk taking it;, but, all theeame, 1 didn't care for it. If you haven't tried the mixture yet, you ought to. I didn't like it, .but you may; tastes differ, you know. Before matches were invented, people used to get fire by. rubbing sticks together, and other ways. I cut a nick in the edge of my desk at school once, then rubbed the edge of a flat ruler over it backwards and forwards, as hard as I could. I believe I would have got fire, only I had to chuck it; it was so jolly rough on the ruler. Water is the element that is the direct opposite of fire; if you pour a kettle of water over the fire you will put it out. Of course water is used for other things, besides putting out fires. For in-, stance, you can drink it; but it's not nearly jo nice by itself as it is with sherbert in it. Sher bert goes very well with 'water, but doesn't go ,? well with tea or anything like that. I put some in my tea once instead of sugar, but I didn't cara for it. Water is used for lots of other things ?besides for drinking; far too many things to go over in this essay. It can be used for almost anything but lighting fires with. Air is the most necessary of all the elements; if there was no such thing as air, I wouldn't be writing this essay now; also 'there would be no euch things as pneumatic tyres, which would be a sad loss. Bicycles ain't much use unless you have pneumatic tyres; solid tyres are all very well in their way, but they're just a wee bit too solid when you go over a brick when you're riding pretty hard. We have one of those big, high bone-shakers at our school that be longs to the school in general, and nobody in particular. Me and the chaps have a rare lark widi that old bike occasionally. She's not so bad when you're riding on the level ground; but going down hill she's a tartar, and, if you see a cart ahead and can't stop, she's a nerve-shaker, too. for there's no stopping that bike in the middle of a hill. She wouldn't have been quite so bad if young Brown hadn't cut bits out of the tyres for indiarubbere; Brown is always, doing mangy things like that The wind is an element that is much the same thing as air, only a little different. When you have air, you don't feel uncomfortable; when you have wind, after eating your dinner too fast, you do. There are four kinds of wind-^namely. east, west, north, and south. There is also another wind called an ill-wind, but I never had much to .do with it; it's not in my line*. Seamen would rather have, any sort of wind than none at, alL I like a good gusty day; it's a grand lark watching men's hats blowing off, especially if the hat get's run over. Good tdowy days are first-rate for the hat trade. I think it is a very good plan on a blowy day to take your hat o&Vand; carry it -under your arm; it's better than running the risk of losing it, anyway. - 1 haven't said anything .-about ice— I think it is* another element; but, as I'm'1 not quite sure, I'll not say anything about it: There is one kind of elements I can't bear, and those are the 'Elements of Euclid.' — 'Boys' Own Paper.' ? A. cruel story runs'pn wheels, ah(| every hand OilB the wheels as they run. — George Eliot. v 't'he American water hyacinth, ' which lias caused much trouble in overgrowing the rivers, and is not infrequently an obstruction to navigation, has been successfully- killed on the Melpomene- Canal, '*T§w.rOrleahs, with chemical -spray. Some friends, were spending their holidays in a small but -famous Isle off the West of Scotland. Ar.iady of the party one/ day entered the -village butcher's shop, which was half-farmhouse as wMl, and asked, 'H]a.ve you any, fresh Jnu^ton to^ day?' 'In'' reply the 'owner of the establishment 'eald7 'I'm- sorrjrrvl ? haye none the day, fcqt fin goiijg to kUI myeel' to-morrow.' *?''-.- .?.*??-. 