COUR ?ING. NORTHERN TASMANIAN CLUB. The meet which opened at Pleasant Banks on the 16th inst., and was con tinued at Hagley on the succeeding dlay, was concluded at Westfield yes terday, when at the close of the day the field- stewards decided to divide both stakes among the dogs left in. The weather was very agreeauie for coursing-fine,dull, yet affording a good light. The day's sport opened at 1.0.15 a.m. on Mr. R. C. Field's estate, in a clear paddock in front of the home stead; but this and the lawn enclosure -which bore a high reputation for game-were beaten out without a rise, not so much as a bunny. The beaters then entered a vast thistle paddock ad joining the racecourse on the southern side, and by driving towards the dividing fence some fine runs across the open field were obtained. The dogs were stationed behind the fence, and .the courses took place in. full view of the spectators. At 12.45 p.m. an adjournment for lunch was made, and at 1.30 p.m., when sport was resumed, the aspect of affairs was found to have altered materially. Many contend that as mounted men- are usually expected to' assist in beating operations the clause which provides a half-crown penalty on every horseman attending the meet acts as a deterrent rather than an inducement to a good attend ance of this valuable class of onlooker. I-owyever this may be, certain: it is there were only two present when ,the first pair of dogs were put into the slips, and in consequence a small army of small boys were pressed into the work, and at lunch hour feted by the popular secretary, Mr. T. R. Arthur. Lunch over, their enthusiasm for fall ing over clods on to interesting thistles had dwindled almost 'to zero, and their number came down to four. - These, with the four or five horsemen now present, were, by way of change, put into another thistle paddock forming the N.W. boundary of the racecourse. while the judge and slipper, together with the spectators, made themselves comfortable, as before, and awaited events. But although the game was plentiful enough, the conduct of the slim creatures was disappointing to a degree. They were rollicking, joyous, hIilarious hares, and they entered fully into the spirit of the thing, allowing the beaters to follow them at a 'hand gallop from one to the other end of the thistles and back again, refusing only to come out and ,have a romp with the dogs in the open. And from this forward the great majority of the hares- discovered-and they were many -had apparently been brought up on this exasperating plan. Others, too, that were eventually' cajoled out of this and other thistle paddocks had not apparently learnt the rudiments of the game, for they stupidly persisted in coming out at the wrong side, and so lost all the fun. Another silly trait on the part of the hare was its utter in ability to judge the proper time for getting up when the beaters were in the stubble paddocks. . So useed to this irregularity did the onlookers be come that at the cry of "There -he goes" everyone invari ably turned to the rear, in time, perhaps, to see the unreasonable puss disappear through the fence over which they had just entered the field. Now and then the owner of a losing dog would affirm it all to be the fault of the system of beating, but still the hare might have had more considera tion for the sport. The beaters, horse and foot, certainly were not always in the same formation, and, in fact, some .of them would individually re quire a whole sergeant-major to teach them order. The efforts of the'ener getic secretary were at times powerless to restrain, and a front of 300 yards, with the slipper close to one end, was no uncommon sight. At other times, when the thistles were prickly, the order of march most in favour, despite the appeals of Mr. Arthur, was that of the bland Chinee. When trekking across the back of the Sugar-loaf the dogs, slipper, and judge had entered the next paddock and disappeared be hind a gorse 'hedge, and the beaters were treading on each other imme diately in rear, when between the coursers and the crowd of onlookers a hare got up, then another, and an other, until there were five hares simul taneously celebrating Queen's Birthday, frolicking in and out among the ex cited, yelling spectators, until, noting probably that the slipper was hurrying back, the festive creatures scurried away up the side of the hill and lost themselves. Mr. W. Dadson. again acted as honorary judge, Messrs. H. N. Hulme and E. L. Cox officiating as flag and slip stewards respectively, while the acting slipping was entrusted to Mr. J. Grady. It speaks well for the officers concerned thnat the three days' meet has been carried through without a single protest. althllough a little unofficial grbwling with respect to the leading of certa.in dogs when in the slips was indulged in. And in this regard the nomination of Wallace II. is to his owner a. cheap bargain, if only for the training he receives when in th' care of the slipper. The faithful animal will "gee" only while his master trudges alongside, and should the lqtter step aside to examine a flower, the whole procession has perforce to await his rzturn. Appended are the results: Pleasant Bank Stakes. Second Round. WV. Reid's ir w d The Fusllier, ,Whirlpool -Stella, beat J. Blacl ni f w d FIrst Attempt. Jupitor-Cazelle. G. J. Hudson's f w b LJdycmith. Fassie fern-Coal Queen. beat 'R. T. Gibson's bd vw d Merriwee, Riot-Mermaid. W. reid's w bd Avalanche, Whirl pool-Stella, beat WTlilison: and Horne's bk w d Westley Rilchards-Cnfldence-sis-. ter to Waterhen. W. V. Field's r Songbird, Songster - Lucy, beat G. V. Russell's bd w d Mona III., Pathfinder-Myrtle. Morven Stakes. 4irst Round. T. R. Arthur's bk w d Honour Bright; Honesty-Twilight, beat D. D. Griffin's bk w d Imp of Darkness, Spring-Venus. Beveridge Bros.' bk w b Marden Lass, Tradesman-Twilight, beat D. M'Gregor's bk w b Lena III.; Wallace--Belle. Second Round. J. Grady's w f b Harp of Erin, Hard Luck-Maid of Erin, beat Beveridge Bros.' w bd Coil, Razzle Dazzle- Gazelle. W. V. Field's bk w b Star of Erin, Rambler-Wild Rose, beat Vernon and WVoolven's b w d Vice Versa, Spring - Dolly. G. J. Hudson ns f w b Ladybird, Fas siefern-Fly, beat D. D. Grimn's bit w b Spyglass, Hard Luck-Gazelle. Nicholls and Sutton's bk w d Wallac~ II., Zeehan-bitch by the Earl, beat C. Warren's f w b Veeno (pedigree un known). Honour Bright won by. two points. Imp of Darkness got in at the middle of the course, but the winner was too fleet. Mar den Lass won by 3%? points. Lena III., after a nasty fall in the early part, got in before the end, but was again dis placed. Fusilier led up and turned, after which it was give and take until he again took possession and did some good work. First Attempt eventually killed across the stern of the winner. Four points. Lady smith won by two points, having led un and turned when Merriwee unsighted at the fence. The quarry was too good for the dogs in the thistles, and it had de veloped into follow my leader when the hare escaped. Avalanche and Westley Richards had three starts before they got a give-and-take go after a powerful hare that laughed as he ran. Won by two points. Songbird and Mona were slipped after a Iare that yielded up the ghost at once. One turned, and the other killed. Judge gave it equal, and ordered the dogs back in the slips. Before Mona could be picked up she started another hare, and away she went on her own, so Coil and Harp of Erin were put in, the latter winning a one-sided contest by four points. As Mona could now be seen re turning across the paddock, a halt was called, and with Songbird she was imme diately replaced, much distressed, in tha slips. The course when found was but a slhort one, and Songbird led up and killed. Two points. Vice Vers, un tighted, but got on again after losing a couple of points. Star of Erin killed, and won by 4% points. Ladybird un sighted, but when she again got in shd did Spyglass out of most of the work. Veeno couldn't pace Wallace II., and but little work was done, the latter winning by 21/ points. When the light failed the stewards de cided to divide the stakes, and Mr. Arthur closed the meet by calling for cheers for her Majesty the Queen, Baden-Powell, and the owners of land traversed during the day. 