Coningham v Coningham. JUDGE SIMPSON SUMS UP. JURY DISAGREE. On Thursday, after hearing the ad- dresses of Mr. Want, counsel for the co- respondent, and Mr. Coningham, the petitioner, His Honor proceeded to sum up. He said that if tho respondent h.id not been oallud hero as a witness there would not havo been tbe smallest possible tittle of evidence against Dr. O'Haran, because her ndtniesions outside tho court wore no ovidenco whutover aguinot thecorespond ent. At tho outsot ho might as woll say that he had never, sinco ho had been per forming among ether duties those of a Judge of the Divorco Court, met with any casoiu which the . respondent was called as a witness, and hud admitted her own adultery and that :of. tho co lespondont. Tho jury might retur^n/a. verdict upon. the. evidence in favour of tho p'otitioner''on both the issuos if thoy^bolioved - the.i:efi--. dejice of the rospondont. They might think also that thurp^ had been 4udifoct. corroboration other e'vidodce: 'Thorb'woro circumstances in tho case''tfh-i$i-u,firtii4f the circumstances uiightamount to (^orrob; oration. Tho giving of'tb.O photo;, might to cohsidorod to 'bo ono of them. Ac cording to the ovidonco of tho . petitioner he found-it ono day in his wife's box — on May 22 or 23 of this your. The photo, had upon it the initials of Dr. O'llaran. Respondent said it was given to her one night ufter- misconduct hud occurred, but. Dr. O'Huran gave nil entirely different vorsion of it. He staled that Mrs. Con- ingham told liim that she had got the photo, at the fair, as he bad not-given her ono, and that she went to him and asked him to.put his initials. upon. it. Ho took it into tho room'whoro other ;penplov were working at tho iimo and:-'.wroto.his initi als on it, afterwards returning it to her. The date on tho photo, was October 2, and Dr. O'Haran said that this was the only thing, which euubled; lifm to fix the date. His evidence on this point was not corroborated. Dr. O'Haran hud given photographs to other ladies,, and . there wap no suggestion of impropriety in their OBRes. The jury had to find the issuos, ' Yes or No.' There wai no such thing as' not proven.'. They , must consider the principlo of tho law — that the 'case for tho petitioner must bo in^de out to tho sati- faction of tho juiy, wilhout reason onablo doubt. Tho petitioner's story was clear and distinct. Without ocular proof it was impossible to be absolutely certain in cases of these kinds ; but the law re quired that they should' be satisfied in their own minds beyond reasonable doubt. This wbb not^ case in which they could find a verdict of misconduct against Mrs. Coningham and not against Dr. O'Haran. That would be almost as serious a thing for the co- respondent as a verdict against him. Referring to tho question of dam ngos, it was perfectly true that not one penny of tho money, if a vordiot were given foi £5,000, need go to petitioner. Ho (his Honor) could settle overv penny upon the children, or as a. provision for the maintenance of tlje. wife. What . 'Mr. Waut said was also perfectly true, that no power could compel Mrs. Coningham to give evidence of her misconduct. Tbp.ro was no attempt on her part to take ad vantage of her piivileges. She came as a voluntarily and willing- witness.. She had a. consultation with a barrister having a largo praotic in the. com t, and she had not seen fit to bo represented at the trial. There had been in this case no defence of condonation. As the petitiohqr -sail}; that, bad, nothing to do with the question of misconduct. In fact, .there- /must be an offence before ifccould ho condoned. Con. donation did not obliterate ai) offence, but in law it bad a serious bearing on the' oase. If Mrs. Coningham had set up and proved condonation, even if the -issue had been proved .against the -.co-respondent, the petitioner could not havn- got a penny damages, and ho (his Honor) would have had to dirmiss tbe petition, as- against Dr. O'Haran. Condonation was not set up— the defenco wob a detnal and a counter charge of conspiracy. Tho only way in which condonation came in was as to' how it affected the question whether these two people wero working together. If, under all the circuniBtanceB, they be lieved Mrs. Coningham, they must find a verdict-in favour of petitioner, no- mat ter how it affected Dr., iOVUaran. The consequences werealmbst as' serious as if the co-respondent wero on triil for his life. Charges of blackmailing bad often been made, but that was no reason why in this case the woman's stoiy was not true. The jury had nothing to do with those other esses. Ho was sorry that the dootrine of absolution hod been brought into tho case. He , (his: Honor) always thought it was tho doctrine of tho Church of Rome — and, indeed, .of the Christian religion — that if a sin was forgivpn. thon it was wiped out. One of tho priests did say that tho absolution was, ' I ubsolvo thee from, thy sins in tbe name of the Father, Son, and Holy .Ghost.''; Thero was some diff°ionce as. he understood it betweeii the explanations given by-Father Crogon and Dr. O'Haran— at any rote, in the first part of tho -lattor-'s evidence. Ho quoted- from' 1 ho Vvid?nce to' show-t he doc trine of the Church of RomffOii thispWnt. and he asked th' .jiniy^if the doctrine. of the Chrisjiau i;eli^ion, .apd, uoI the Scripturo'li Did it ' ' follow ,v-froiri tliat that : -. fyery s ...jllnijiaii , ..(fctbfltio was going t'l oomd .linto' the' wit ness-box and tell Jies;.^: He. had bad Roman Catholic servants, and his exper ience was that when they were gbod Cath olics they wore truthful, reliable, and honest. If the jury believed the evi dence of MrB Atock, Miss Johnstone, MisB Hollingdale, and Father Bryne, thon the stoiy roiated by Mrs. Coning- ham as tn the occurrences of June 29 could not bo true. Petitioner said those people put their heads together to got their priest out of it.. Tho evidence of Fa' her Byrne was clear, and was very important. Petitioner tried to put it to thorn that tbo whole church was concerned in this cobo, and that tho witnesses had sworn for the church. .Had Father Bvrno eiven false evidence to' save the church ? As to March 17, 1899, respond ent gavo evidence of ^.misconduct -'having taken place at the Cordinal'a TIall, and that she went to tho theatre afterwards. She was then in evening dress. Was that story told by the rospondont one in which tho jury thought they could place roli nnco ? She had to meet lwr own sister immediately afterwards, and her ovidenco was that she walkod across tho pork, mot her sister, went to tho opera, and mot boy own husband after tho opera was over. A number of witnesses wero called on behalf of tho co-respondont — Mr. Purcoll, Mr. Murphy (prosidont of St. Vincent do Paul Society), and others — all swore that Dr. O'Haran was at tho Town Hall on that night. Rospondont had, however, (ixed nO timo in tho evening at which this mis- ^ conduct took place. Petitioner lia'il asked for photographs given to other ladies, but it was manifestly impossible for a per son to always trace such gifts. These dates— Juno 29 and March 17 — woto most important as bearing on tho truth or otherwiBO of respondent's ovidonco. Sho did not ask to correct hoi ovidonco on these points, and maintained that her story was true. Thore wero tho lottors _..:it„.. cr„;nia n../i W..HDH irrpw.muui III UHMUillt..,-«uu they wore put into the hands of tho jury for all thoy were worth. Tho letter con taining tho alleged confession, required very seiious consideration. Was tho date ' 3rd July' inserted in the lotter after it was wriiton P He would not say anything more unout mat — ino letter spono lor itself. Wero those the genuine lottors of a wife admitting guilt and bogging forgivonoss? Then they had to consider tho conduct of the parties after the petition was sorvedr-wbat did that moan P The petitioner's caso was not to be prejudiced by Mr.Moss's with drawal. Petitioner's registration of tho child's hiith took place when ho had no knowlodgo of his wife's misconduct. Tho evidence of tho boy O'Biien that Mrs Coningham sent up a memgo to Dr. O'Haran to soo tho child whs not to bo lost sight- of. If Dr. O'Haran had to go down to see every child bap tised at. tho '.Cathodrul or to. feel the-, weight of it his timo would bo pretty woll-'nccupiiid.'. Mrs. Coningham's desiro that Dr;. O'Haran .should see tho child was quito consistoiit' with co-respondent's in nocenoo— it was a circumstance, that wa9 all.' Ho pliiced beforo tho jury a digest prepared by the associa'e giving thedatos and places when and wbeie tnisconduot was alleged, to havo occurrtd.' Core spondent said all that was untrue. He did not'think that the fiict that respond ent hud bad a misfortune iu her early life should of1 itself impair ho predibility. Both peti'.ioi.er and respondent said that up to the timo of tbe- acts of misconduct they. h»d led a7 happy life. There, was nothing in all this case ngiiinst tho peti tioner except that he was accused' nf being a blackmailer. .It was admitted that petitioner had written to D-. iO'Hordn. but. the lottors vr'ero not put in evidence. His: Honor weht in detail through the evidence. The issuo was, bo said, did the jury believe the respondent or Dr. O'Har an. If they believed her, then they would give a verdict for the petitioner. If they believed Dr. O'Haran thov would find a verdict in his favour. If, however, they found for petitioner they would have to consider tho question of damages, and in determining to what damages the pet itiouer was entitled the jury must remem ber that thoy were not there to in any way punish the co -respondent. If they awardod oulya single shilliug to the pet itioner with a viow of punishing Dr. O'Haran they were doing that which they wero not authorised to do. ? The '? damages must be by way of compensation to the petitioner. Did Dr. O'Haran tako advan tage of his position as a Roman. Catholio prieBt to act improperly with the respond ent was a question which could be taken into consideration iu estimating damage. They could also consider wbother the par ties had lived a happy life; whether the respondent was a woman of easy morals, whether she was devoted to hor husband, and generally to considor : the terms on which tho parties lived. He would not formally conclude his summing up that night, but. would defer it till the follow ing morning. Tho Court adjourned until next day. On Friday morning His Honor con tin u'otl liio oumminy up. Ho paid refer ring to the evidence given by the respon dent that she woe served 'with the petition by a man who snid his name was Henry Jamos, employed in Mr. Abigaifys office, but whom she ufter wards followed and fo'und to bo'n man. named Grimahaw, em pioyed in Mr. Slattery's office ; 'that evi dence was not contradicted'; but'-'frhothor it meBnt anything or not was - a matter for the jury, not for him. As hp had said on:tho previous day, it-might bo possible that. he. had severed his connection with 'Mr. Abigail's office since he served the petition and had come in some way or otber to bo connected with the other side. He would leave it to the jury. There was another matter. Tho petitioner had made some remarks respecting the doctrine of the church of Rome that a person might commit a sin, confess it, make what is called a good cohfossion, and receive absolution, and tbo- sin was forgiven. The petitioner suggested to them that a man might commit- adultery on Monday, go to confession, mako what was called a good confession, receive ab solution, and that he might tbeu go into the witness box and conscientiously swear that he had never committed adultery at all. Was that the doctrino of the Church ? Dr. O'Haran and Father Cregan said there was no such doctrine. Ho hod heard that a lot of people believed that such a suggestion as that put forward by tbe petitioner was true ; and if it wore true it would bo a most horrible doctrine to hold. However, the jury had to deter mine tho caso on theovidonoe, the respon sibility was thoirs, and if any of them had imbibed such an idoa ho could toll them that there was no evidence of it^jbut that the ovidenco was all the other way- The petitionet had made those charges against the Rowinn Catholic body. IT thoy be lieved the evidence of tho respondent, they must boliove that the testimony oallod on bohalf of Dr O'Harpn that on caijtain night ho was e^s'ewhoro thnri at the Oa'h'f-dral,' wns ffilso. With regard to the.'euggestioh' of petitionerthat most' of ' tho-' witnesses' wero Roman Catholics, tbo jury must re member that tho respondent was also a Roman Cm hollo. If llio rutiB^fiir,, co respondent was weakened, as'' was '~s tig- gestod by.pntitioncr by thnfc fapL -bis own case wriscorro8pondinely--wea6fmwl. - One witneas— Taylor — had boon flourished be fore tho jury. Ho Raid ho had'-feoon Mrs. Coningham at St. ; Mary's Cathedral dur ing the Iunchonn adjournment 'on the seoond day of the trial. His- evidence was flatly contrpdicted by Edwards, the court koepor, and Fitzpatriek, the sheriff's, officer. The jury had to consider whether Tavlor wns tolling tho truth or Edwards uml Fitzpotrick. His Honor ,in- conclu sion said tho duty of the jury.:/w'a's:to re turn a vordiot according to the .evidence, regardless of consequences, an'd' without fear, favour, affection, or ill will. v _ The jury retired at 11.8 a.m., to con sider their verdict, and wore locked up till 11 p.m. Thoy thon returned to Court, being unable to agree a's to thoir verdict, and wore discharged. 