isbxwcawxz* IN WHITE RAIMENT. ?By WILLIAM LE QUEUX. Author of 'Purple and Fine Linen,' 'Whoso Findeth a Wife,' 'Of Royal Blood,' 'If Sinners Entice Thee,' ''ibe Day of Temptation,' &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement wi& the author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XI.— VOICES OF THE NIGHT. From my place of concealment I was able to watch the major closely without risk of detection. His presence there boded no good. He had crept slowly up the avenue until within eight of the house, and 'was intently scan ning the gay party assembled on the lawn. Was rt possible ithait he had walked behind me and watched me enter there? lie was scarcely so smart in appearance as on the day when he led my bride up the aisle of the church and had afterwards haaded me 4he eigare'fcfce, but, nevertheless, he retained the distinctly foppish air of the man-about-town. Fer a few moments only he remained there eagerly scanning the distant group, then, as though reassured, he ?turned on hie heel and retraced his steps towards the lodge. Determined to 'watch his movements, I followed him until he gained Hounslow station, and there I saw him 'burn into a lowJbuilt, old- fashioned inn, wbene I after wards discovered he had been staying tor a couple of days past. That some conspiracy was being formed I could not doubt; therefore I set myself to keep -strict Tva'tch upon him, a no easy mat ter, for from hour to hour I feared that he might recognise me. It was lie who had petitioned the archbishop for the spe cial license for our marriage; he who had with some mysterious motive posed as the father of the woman I now loved. Surely she must have known that he was not her father, and, if so, she herself had taken part an a plot which had so nearly cost her her life. But was she not dead when- I found her lying there? Most cerbaiinly. I could have sworn before any coroner that she was lifeless. The puzzle was bewildering. The major's movements might possibly give me some clue. ' It was fortunate that we had met. . . At a cheap clothier's I had purchased a rough secondhand suit and a bowler hat, much the worse for wear, and these I had assumed in order to alter my appearance as much as possible, for a well-dressed man in a silk hat is somewhat remarkable in a place like Hounslow. About 9 o'clock ?that same night, while I stood idling about the station with my eye ever upon the inn opposite, my vigilance was suddenly re warded, for the major emerged leisurely, carefully ldt a cigar, and then strolled across the railway bridge and down 'the road to wards Whitton. Darkness had not quite set in, therefore I hesitated to follow him; but, fortunately, I had explored the neigh borhood ^thoroughly during the past few hours, and knew that by crossing to the opposite platform of the station I could gain a footpath that led through fields and market gardens, emerging into the hdgh road almost opposite the gates of the Park. This by-way I took, and hurrying down it arrived a!t a point near the lodge fully five minutes before he appeared along the road. The gates were, however, closed. Would he ring and demand admittance, I ?wondered. When about two hundred yards from the gates be suddenly halted, glanced up and down the road as though to make cer tain that no one was watching, and then bending down squeezed himself through, a hole in the wooden fencing and disap peared. He evidently knew that the gates were locked, and had already discovered ?that mode of entry, if indeed he had not broken away the palings 'himself earlier in the day. Without hesitation I hurried forward over the grass by the roadside, eo that he might no't hear my footsteps, and discover ing the liole in the paling, entered after him. I found myself in the midst of haw thorn bushes and thick undergrowth, but, pausing and listening intently, I soon de tected which direction he had 'taken by the noise of breaking twigs. For some ten min utes I remained there, fearing to move lest the noise might alarm him, but When at last he was out of hearing 1 crept forward, breaking my way through in the direction of the avenue. The night was ho't, and so 9til! that each sound seemed to awaken the echoes.. What if he had paused, and, becoming alarmed, was now awaiting me! I pushed forward as cautiously as I could. It was quite dark, and I could discern nothing in -the obscurity of the copse. At last, however, the brambles having scratch ed my hands and face, and my clothes hav ing been badly torn, I emerged- into the drive up which I had passed that after noon. I stood listening, but could hear no sound beyond the howling of a distant dog and the roar of a train on its way io London. 1 altrained my ear to detect in1 which direction the major 'had gone, for a footstep on the gravel can be neard a long distance in the silence of the night.' All was, however, quiet— a stillness mat somewhat unnerved me, for it occurred to. me that he might be lurking somewhere among the dark bushes and perhaps watch ing me with secret satisfaction! With the greatest caution I crept on, walking noiselessly over the grass in the direction of the bouse. As goon as the old mansion same into view 1 saw that lights burned in many of the windows, and from the drawing- room, where the open doors led on to the lawn, came the lively strains ot aance music. ? From where I stood I could see the high lamps, with their shades of yellow silk, and now and then bright dresses flashed past the 'long windows. A couple of figures were strolling up and down before the house. I could see their white shirt-fronts in the darkness, and knew that they were men smoking and enjoying the night air. The waltz ceased, and as I listened a sweet female voice broke forth, singing to a piano accompaniment a selection from Bizet's 'Les* Pecheurs de - Perles' that charming song 'Je crois entendre encore.' The voice was full of rich melody and had evidently been trained. Was it, I wonder ed, that of my mysterious wife? The two men at last tossed away their cigar endB and entered the house; thus I became encouraged to approach closer, crosB the lawn, and peep through one of the side windows of the drawing-room. It was, I saw, a long, low, old room, comfortably furnished in a bygone style. Across the ceiling -were, great oaken 'beams, dark and mellow with age, -while most of the furni ture dated from the early part of the cen tury. Fully a dozen people were there, but as I gazed around I was disappointed not to see my love. I had risked detection and discovery to obtain sight of her, but she was not present, neither was her cousin Nora. Most of 'the guests seemed smart people, judging from the women's toilettes,' and aU were lolling about' with the air of laziness which overcomes one after a good dinner. Dancing had ended, and aB I watched a young, dark-haired girl ap proaehed the piano and at somebody's sug gestion commenced to sing ia . song by which I knew that she was French. It was a song familiar to me in the days when be :ore entering the hospital school I had lived in Paris, that ditty so popular in the cabarets of the Montmartre, 'Ju t'en iras les pieds devant.' She sang merrily, and was loudly applauded. It was evident that the knowledge of French among fche guests, was not, -as is so often the case, a pretence, for they laughed heartily at the comic ex pressions, and grinned when there was any thing particularly 'risky.' It was certain v not the song for a drawing-room, and the fact that it had been demanded showed plainly that the company was not a very prudish one. But alas! Society Bias sadly degenerated during the past decade. Ten years— ago music-halls were regarded as palaces of Satan, into which no respectable woman dare enter; but nowadays it is quite the correct thing to spend an evening a't the mu6ic-hall, and mothers do not hesi tate to -take their daughters to hear soap« calculated to bring a blush to the face of a virtuous girl. How is that at the end of this century respectable women ape the dresB, the man ners, and ? even the slang of the 'demi- monde ?' To be fast is to be chic— a fact which is surely to be regretted1 by those who still hold the Englishwoman as the pure tyi-e of all- that is sweet and ador able. It seems to me very much as though in the lounge of the music-hall, that car peted promenade of Aspasia, the line divi ding the 'anonde' from the 'demi-monde' is so fine as to be almost indistinguishable. The smart woman of to-day is not very far removed from those unfortunates of her sex wihom she calls 'creatures,' yet whose modes in ekirts and millinery she is so fond of imitating; Whose career she will de vour in fiction-, and whose argot, the argot of the 'bar, the restaurant, and the night club, is fast creeping into her vocabulary. .Smartness is almost invariably a S3Tionyin for the manners of a 'cocotte.' I peered in through those windows, eager for a glimipse of Beryl. Surely she was not like those others? No. I recollected her calm dignity and sweet grace when I had spoken to her. She, at least, was high -minded and womanly. I was glad she was not there to hear that song. line singer sat down, having finished amid roars of laughter, and 'then the con versation was resumed; but at that instant I became conscious of someone passing near me and had only just time to draw badk into the shadow and thus escape ob servation. It was one of tihe guests, a man who lounged slowly along, the glowing end of his cigar shining in the darkness. Alone, he was apparently full of reflections, for he passed slowly and mechanically onward without noticing me. Unable to see his face, 1 could only detect that he was rather above the average height, and by the sil houette I saw that he stooped slightly. The encounter, however, caused me to recede frohi the house, for I had no desire, to -be detected there and compelled to give an account of myself. I was in shabby clothes, and if found in the vicinity might be suspected of an intention to commit a theft. Where was the major? He had cer tainly entered there, but had escaped my vigilance 'by passing through the thicket. I had been there nearly half an hour, yet had not been able to re- discover him. The lawn on one side was bounded -by a light iron fencing, beyond which was a thick wood, and upon this fencing I mounted and sat to rest in full view ot the house and ?the long -windows of Che dra^ving-room. In the deep shadow of the trees I waited there, safe from detection, likening to the music which recommenced, and wondering what had become of the man whom I had tried to follow. He seemed to have avoided the house and gone to the opposite side of the park, Not far away lay the great lake, tranquil in the gloom, mirroring the 6tars upon its unruffled surface, and disturbed only by the rustle of a rat along the bank, or the plaintive cry of a teal as she made her way among the dry rushes. Although actually I could see into the circle of assembled guests, yet 1 was so far off that I could only distinguish the women by the color of their gowns. Had Beryl re turned to join them, I wondered. 1 was longing for a single glance at her dear face, that face sweeter than any other in all the world. A woman in, a cream dress, cut low at the neck, came -suddenly to the doorway and peered forth into the night, as though in search of someone, but a moment later she disappeared, arid again the piano broke forth with the pretty minuet from 'Ma- non.' I had, I felt certain, been there almost, il not quite, an hour; therefore I -was resolved to make a tour of the park in an endeavor to find the man whose suspicious move ments had so interested me earlier in the evening. With that object in view I leaped down upon the lawn, crossed it until 1 reached the edge of the lake, which 1 skirted until I gained a rustic bridge, which crossed the tiny brook that rippled over the stones and fell into the pool- ' Of a sudden I heard a sound. It was quite distinct, like a half-suppressed cough. I halted in surprise, but no other movement reached my ear. Could I have been mis taken? The noise seemed very human, yet I knew that in the darkness of night the most usual sound becomes exaggerated anc distorted. Therefore, reassured, I continued my way by the narrow unfrequented path, which, leaving the lake-side, struck across the park 'and led me by a stile into a dark belt of wood. S/iniwjlw har\ T t-n^erpr\ it.. Vinwpver. -when I heard 'huiman''voices. distinctly. I halted and listened. An owl booted weirdly and there was a dead silence. _ . I wondered- whether the persons I hac surprised had detected my presence. 1 stood upon 'the narrow path holding my breath, so that I could catch every sound. ? A couple of 'minutes passed. To me they seemed as foours. Then again the voices sounded away to the left, apparently on the edge of the wbod. Noiselessly I retraced my steps to 'the stile, and then found that from it there ran a path inside the iron railing, whither I knew not. But some where down that path two persons were in consultation.*. Treading carefully, 00 that my footsteps, should- hot be overheard, I crept down the path until ;of a sudden I caught sight of -a. woman's- :white dress in the gloom. Then, sufficiently, close to overhear, I aalted with strained cans. ? ' ' ? » I wals hidden behind a high hazel bush, but could just distinguish against that red dish glare which shines in the sky of the outskirts of London. on a summers night, two silhouettes, those of a man and woman. The former had halted, and was leaning against the railing, while the latter, with * Aawl 'twisted abpirt liter shoulders, ;*ftood: facing him, . .? '-.:.*. -V1 -.?.-?. .1... -*?'- ?;?? ;??.?-.;; ;,.';-;u-..-.^js*. 'li you had. wished you could certainly nave met me. before this,' the man was grumbling.. 'I've waited at .the stile there a solid hour. ? Besides, it was a risky busi ness with so many people about. . 'I told you not ito come here,' she an swered, and in an instant I recognised the voice. They were the sweet- musical tones of the woman who was my wife. 'Of course,' answered her companion sardonically. 'But, you see, I prefer the risk.' And I knew by the deep note that the man v«rho stood by her -wae the major. 'Why?' she enquired. 'The risk is surely mine in coming to meet you?' 'Bah! Women can always make excuses,', he laughed. 'I should not have made this appointment if it were not imperative that we should meet.' 'Well?' she sighed. 'What do you want of me bow?' . 'J. want to talk to^ou seriously.' 'With the usual request to follow,' she observed -wearily. 'Sou want money, 'Money? Oh. no,' he said, with bitter sarcasm, 'I can do without it. I can live on air, you know.' ?* 'That's better than prison fare, I should have thought,' 6he answered grimly. 'Ah, now, my dear, you're sarcastic,' he said, with a touch of irony. 'That doesn't become you.' * 'Well, tell me quickly what you want and let me get back, or they wall miss me.' 'You mean that your young lover will wantio know with whom you've been flirt ing, eh.? Well, you can mislead him again, as you've done many times before. What a fine thing it is to be an accomplished liar. 1 always envy people who can lie well, for they get through life so; easily.' He spake in a familiar tone, as though he held her beneath an influence that was ir ristible. 'I am mo liar,' she protested quickly. 'The lies I have been compelled to tell have been at your own instigation.' 'And to aave yourself,' fie added, with a dry, harsh laugh. 'But I didn't bring you here for an exchange of compliments.' CHAPTER XII.— THE MORNING ? AFTER. . 'Then why have you compelled me1 to meet you again?' she demanded fiercely, in a tone which showed her abhorrence of him. 'The last time we met you told me that you were going abroad. Why haven't you gone?' ? 'I've been and come back again.' 'Where?' _ - 'That's my business,' he answered quite calmly. 'Your welcome home is not a very warm one, to say the least.' 'I have no welcome for my enemies.' 'Oh! I'm an enemy, eh? Well,' he added. 'I have always considered myself your friend.' 'Friend!' she echoed. 'You show your friendliness in a rather curious manner. You conceive these dastardly plots and then compel me to do your bidding— to act as your decoy!' Come, coirie,' he laughed, his temper quite unruffled by her accusation. 'You know that in all my actions 1 am guided by your interests— as well as my oxra.' 'I was certainly not aware of it,' she responded; 'It cannot be to my interest that you compel me to meet you here like this, at risk of discovery. Would it not have been better if our meeting had taken place in London, as before?' 'Necessity has driven me to make_ this appointment,' he responded. 'To write to you is dangerous, yet I wanted to give you warning, so that you can place yourself in a position of security.' , A warning— ot what .' she asked breath lessly. 'La Gioia is here.' 'La Gioia!' she gasped. 'Here? Im possible!' La Gioia! It was the name I had found written upon the piece of paper beneath her pillow. ^Unfortunately, it is the truth,' he re sponded in an earnest voice. 'The contre temps is serious.' 'Serious!' she cried in alarm. 'Yes, it is serious, and through you I am thus placed, in peril.' 'How do you intend to act?' 'I have no idea,' she responded, in a hoarse tone. 'I am tired of it all and driven to despair— I am sick to death of this eternal scheming, this perpetual fear that the terrible truth should become known. God knows how I have suffered during this past year. Ah! how a woman can suffer and still live! I tell you,' she cried, with sudden desperation, 'this dread' that haunts me continually will drive me to take mv life!' 'Rubbish!' he laughed. 'Keep up your pluck. With a little. ingenuity a woman can : deceive the very devil himself.' 'I tell you,' she said, 'I am tired of life-^f you — of everything. I, have nothing1 to live for— nothing to gain by living!' Her voice was the broken voice of a woman driven to desperation by the fear tlhat her secret should become known. 'We'll,' he laughed brutally, 'you've cer tainly nothing to .gain by dying, my dear.' 'You taunt me!' she cried, in anger. 'You who hold me irrevocably in this bond ofiguilt— you who compel me to act as^our accomplice in these vile schemes! Iihate you!' ... 'Without a doubt,' he responded, with a short laugh. 'And yet I have done no thing to arouse this feeling of antagon ism .' 'Nothing! Do you, then, think so lightly of all the past?' 'My dear girl,' . Jie said, 'one should never think of wliat has gone by. It's a bad habit.- Look to your own safety— and to the future.' . ; ? . 'La Gioia is here!' she repeated in a* lew voice, as though unable fully to 'realise all that the terrible announcement: meant. 'Well, bow do you intend to act?' 'My actions will be guided by circum stances,' 'he replied. 'And you?' ' She was silent. The stillness of the night wa-a broken only by the dismal cry of a nifrht bird down near the lake. . : ; 'I tfliink it is the .best that I should die and end it all/' s!he replied in a hard strained voice. .,' . . ; 'Don't talk such nonsense,' 1 he said im patiently. 'You are young, graceful, smart, with one of the prettiest faces in London. And. you would commit suicide? The (thing is utterly absurd.' ? 'Wlhat have I to gain by living?' die enquired again, that question1 being appa rently uppermost in. her mind.. ? ; . 'You love young Chefcwode. You may yet marry him.' 'No.' she answered wibii a sigh. . 'I fear 'that cam never be. Happiness- can never -be mine — never.' 'Does he love you?' enquired tihe major with a note of symipathy in his voice. ? ? 'Love me? Why, of course, he does.' 'You have never doubted him?' 'Never.' : 1 ?'And he has asked you to marry him?' 'Yes, a dozen times.' 'When was tihe last occasion?' : ?.?'?:; 'To-night— an hour ago.' - .? 'And you, of course, refused?' : -?? ''Of course.'. ; -???? ' ?'; =--. ?? ? ' ?*? ? myririarfiasewitii ton.' ? ^r:Vr^W%0tmR :. .'Anctyou wifll allow tfrat : to stand 5n flm -ijSSS wayof your safety?'; ? .V :?.;.;:'.; ^ivimU 'My safety!' ahe echoed. 'I don *t-fl?wCi^g iderstand.' ? ?;-'.'-'-- ' ?-.' ?^:-;vi'i-r,:S3; 'Oariibot you' see that if - jxm oiariied^S^j Cyril Chetwode at once, La Gaoia would-be ;?: 2 ?powerless?''.' ' ?.-?? ? :,' '.'?','? -.. '??'?-Ltf \ -. 'Ah,'!' she exclaimed, suddenly impressed by the suggestion.' - 'I Had never bought of tiiatl'- ..:?: _\\--':.,:-.- i 'Well,' 'he went on, 'if you take my *d« * vice, you'll loseoao time in becoming Ohet wode s wife, ffihen you can* defy your enemies , and snap - your fingers at La Gioia.' . *i A deep silence fell. ' The woman 'who was my wife was reflecting. .- 'You say that by marriage I -could dew my enemies, but that is incorrect. I could not cut myself free of all of them ' 'Why? Whom would you fear?' 'You yourself!' she answered bluntly. 'I know you too well, alas!' she went oA desperately.. 'I know that I could never* be safe from your ingenious plotting, that just at the moment of my happiness you would cast upon me the black shadow of the past.' - '\ou have no confidence in me,' he pro* tested with a dissatisfied air. 'I can have no confidence in one who holds me enslaved as you do.' 'And yet I have come here at considerable risk and personal inconvenience to give you warning. . ? . ? 'Because you fear discovery yourself.' 'No,' be laughed. 'I am quite safe I merely came here to make two suggestion^ to you. One 1 have already made, namely, that you should marry Chetwode without delay. And the other ? ' He paused, as though accurately to gauge the esttent 01 his power over her,'' 'Well? Go on. I am all. attention.' 'The other is that you should, as before, render me a trifling assistance in a little matter I have in hand which, if successful* ly carried out, will place both of us for eyer beyond the reach of La Gioia's vengeance. '? 'Another scheme!' ehe cried wearily. 'Well, what is it? Some further dastardly, plot or other, no doubt. Explain it.' ' .? j. 'No. You are under a misapprehension,' : ' he responded quickly. 'The affair is no dastardly plot, but merely a little piece of ingenuity by which we may outwit La Gioia!' 'Outwit her!' she cried. 'The very, devil himself could not outwit La Gioia!' 'Ah!' he laughed. 'You women are ,~ always so ready to jump to ill-formed cuHr- elusions. She has one weak point.' 'And you have discovered it?' ?. v ? 'Yes. I have discovered it.' » 'How?' 'That is my affair. It' is sufficient to b« ' aware that she, the invincible,' is neverthe- ' j. less vulnerable.' . There was another pause, but at last the woman I loved responded in a firm deter- - mined tone — 'Then, if it is true, I -leave it to you. You declare that .you are my friend; therefore ? I can at least rely on you for protection, ? especially as we have so many interests in \\_ ' common.' 'But you must assist me,' he observed. 'No,' she answered, 'I refuse to do that. I have painful recollections of what has already happened. The grim ghosts ol the past are always with me. 'You are far. too impressionable,' ha laughed. 'If I had not stood your friend, you would have fallen into the hands of the police long ago.' ' 'And you? she enquired. He did not respond. Possibly the sub* ject was rather too unwelcome to admit of discussion. From his fingers I knew this man to be at least a gaolbird who had per formed hard labor, and it was also certain that witfh the ingeniously prepared cigar ette he had- attempted to take my life. 'No,' she went on, in a clear firm voice, ' 'I refuse to be further associated with any of your schemes. You are quite capable of carrying out any yiUainy -without my as sistance.' 'Need we use the term villainy where La Gioia is concerned?' lie asked. 'You know 'her well enough to be aware that if she finds you she will be merciless, and will gloat over your downfall.' ',__ 'I would kill myself 'before she discovers : ; me,' my wife declared. 'But you might not have time,' he sug gested. 'To die willingly demands consi- ' derable resolution. Women's nerve usually, fails them at the extreme moment.' 'Mine wiO not, you may rest assured of that,' she answered. 'You don't seem capable of listening to reason to-night,' 'he protested. '. ? ' 'I am capable of listening to reason, but not to conspiracy,' she replied witih .some '? hauteur. I know weTl wlhat is passing in ; ~ your mind. It is not fhe first time raiafc - ?such a thougfht las passed there. You ? - would plot to take her life-Hto murder La Gioia!' . . - . , ? ; He' 'laughed outright, -as though there ? were something humorous in 'her words.. ~ 'No, .no, my dear,' lie answered -quickly. 'You quite misunderstand my intention. : ; 'I misunderstood your intention on a previous occasion,' sine eak?. meaningly. . 'But irrtfois affair our interests are en- ? tirely mutual,' he pointed out. 'You must - ' assist me.' . - 'I shall not.' ? ' 'But you must. It is imperative. We have everything' to igain by securing her silence.' . . ..'-.-' 'And everything to lose by meeting her.'- 'But when we; meet her it will be in de fiance. I have ?tfhougfot out: a plan.' . , f 'Then carry it out,' dhe said. 'I-wiH :'?_? have nothing whatever to do with it.' 'I may compel you,' he said, with slow, distinctness. ' 'You have already compelled me to act - as your accomplice, but you have strained my bonds until they can resist no longer. I intend to break them,' . ... 'This is, indeed, very interesting!' He laughed, treating her as though she were 8 spoilt child. 'Yes!' she cried, furiously, 'I will kill . : . myself.' . . . 'And leave me tp make a scandalous ex- ; planajtion.' . ' i ' . ..,. ' ?'? 'Then you would besmirdh my good name . . after my deatth! dhe said, turning upon him quietly. 'AhJ yes. You show your- - self in your true^ colors. ' You would -»ran -:.,-_ weave. about me a web of infamy, so as toi prevent me taking my life. : I hate and de testyou!'. '.????,; ? ?'? ? 'That's not the first time you tove in* ?_ - formed me of Dhat,fact, my dear,' he ' rer ; spoaded, wiuh perfect coolness. , . ?,* , 'If it were not for .you I should now be a .happy,- careless jgirl, without a thought :. beyond the man ITlove. - [Thanks to you lam, hbwever, one of the most' wretched of all God's creatures/' ' ! ? ? ?*,,'? 'You need not be.. 'You are petted - Hi your own circle of friends, and your repu* ? ? tation remains unsullied.' ? ' ' - ? 'I occupy a false position, she declared. .? .?-'? 'What would Cyril' say if he knew the - 'truth??---.- -? . .' ?- '- -:.? ? ' '.- ' . ??/'.?-.?;, 'A -woman should never: study the mail ; - who is to be her husband. It makes hint ;. far too conceited; and, moreover,«heia sure (to regret it in alter lite.' fie was at mines shrewdly philosophical, this scoundrel win-- held iny wi£e beneath ins thrall.* . ..'??* 'T nave you— only -you— to thank for my present posi'tion. . Believed by the world to be an honest, innocent girl, and accepted . as such, I nevertheless teat from hour to hour that the truth may be revealed, and : that I may find myself. in the hands of the police. Death is preferable to this con-' fltant, aU-consumirig dread.' '-'The unreasonableness and pertinacity of iwoman is extraordinary,' he exclaimed, in . Ja. tone of impatience. 'What good can possibly result from this duel between usV (Why not let us unite in defeating La dinda?' 'That I refuse *p do.' 'QJut our position ia serious — most feerious,' .he pointed out. 'Suppose that she discovers you?' 'Well, what then?' 'Yon' would be entirely at hex mercy,' 'be said in a deep voice. 'And you know 'tier well enough *o be aware that once ?determined upon a course she never goes back — you know the nendishness of her ven geance.' 'I know,' she responded in a voice scarce 'above a whisper, ithe voice of a woman (driven -bo desperation. 'She is your enemy,' he said. 'She Jwould torture, end afterwards kill you.' 'She could not torture me more than I jam*, already tortured, with my mind so lull of all that has gone by,' my wife de clared in a hoarse, unnaftural voice, which plainly told of acute suffering. 'But you must arm yourself against her,' he argued. 'Together we are strong enough to defeat any atfback that she may make. {Remember, that she is in London in search pf you.' ; 'Do you think she'll easily find me?' ' 'Ah, I do not know,' he responded. 'She has, as you are well aware, many sources of secret information open to' her. Before now she has got at secrets that were eupposed to be inviolabje. She may dis jpover ours.' 'Then tell me plainly,' she asked, Bropping her voice until it was scarcely above a whisper, 'do you \'onrself fear fcer?' 'Yes. She ie the only person who besides ourselves knows the truth,' he responded in a low tone. ? 'And you would set a trap into which fine will fall?' she went on, still in a whis per. 'Come, do not let us prevaricate long jbt. You intend to kill her?1' 1 (There was a dead silence. At last her Companion spoke. 'Well,' he answered, 'and if your eur . anise is correct?' 'Then, once and for all,' she said, raising her voice, ''I tell you that I'll have no band whatsoever in it. I will not be your accomplice in the crime. I am no mur deress.' \-- ? He was apparently taken aback by the suddenness of her decision. * i ''And you prefer to be left unprotected against the vengeance of La Gioia,' he ? eaid harshly. \- ''Yes, I do,' she said determinedly. 'And recollect that from to-night I refuse to be (further associated with these vile schemes 'of yours. You deceived me once; you shall never do so again.' i 'It was for your own benefit— your own eafety,' lie declared quickly. I 'Enough,' Ae cried in anger. 'You have ! spoken, and I have given my answer. I prefer the vengeance of La Gioia to becom ling your accomplice in a foul and secret crime.' j, He laughed aloud. ! 'And you think you can break from me as easily as this? You action to-night is foolish — suicidal. You will repent it. j 'I shall never repent. My hatred of you ? ia too strong.' '?We shall see,' he laughed. 'We shall Bee.' ? 'Let me pass!' she cried, and leaving him ?walked quickly down the path and in a few moments the fluter of 'her light dress j seas lost in the gloom. I Her companion laughed again, a short ievil laugh, then turning, hurried after her. I I emerged quickly from my hiding-place and followed them as far as tfhe stile. He had overtaken her and was striding by her '*? j,pide, bending and talking earnestly as they ?Brere crossing the open grassland. ,-, To follow sufficiently close to overhear 1 Ifcrhat words he said was impossible without jfletection, therefore I was compelled to re Imain and watch the receding figures until I they became swalloweti np in the darkness. ifThen, turning I passed ' through the belt of \wood again and scaling a wall gained the Siigh road, which, after a walk of halfan Ihtrar, took me back to Hounslow. '. That night I slept but little. The dis jlcovery I had made was extraordinary. iWho was this woman with the strange ijoame. 'La Qioia' meant in Italian 'The j'Oewel' or 'The Joy.' Why did they fear '(her vengeance? (i, In the morning, as I descended to break fast, the landlord of the inn, standing in ibis shirt- sleeves, met me at the foot of the .(stairs. ??-?.. 'Have you heard the terrible news, sir?' lie enquired. i 'No,' I said in surprise. 'What news?' 1 . 'There was murder committed last night »ver in Whitton Park.' ?'Murder!' I gasped. 'Who has been murdered?' (To be continued.) 