THE HAUNTED :,CAL 'If one 'speaks of "haunted " cabs one is likely to be greeted with a cynical smile. Nevertheless, in a certain mews in London there is an old and exceedingly delapidated four-wheeler, which is treated as a valuable relic, and spoken of with awe and deference by the cabbies who visit the yard. Thin ancient wreck is time-worn and "worm-eateo. Its cushions smell muity; moths and mice have played havoc with its linings, and there is a vast hole in the roof that ventilates in a most uncomfortable manser its shabby in terior. On certain nights muffled moans and harsh cries may be heard by those who are daring enough to venture-near' it after dark. And, if anyone is so foolhardy as to sit upon its dingy 'cushions, the whole yard shivers at the audacity and trembles for the consequences. This cab is said to bo the oldest four wheeler in extstence,and thestory concerning it runs as follows:-' One certain dismal night, before Kensing ton was what it is now, the driver of the haunted cab was crawling slowly along, when he was met by a man who rounded a corner and jumped hastily in. " Drive for your life!" he shouted, in a voice hoarse with terror. " Drive like the devil! I've gold here-you shall have what ever yoh ask." It took the cabbya second or two to collect his muddled thoughls and to remember that the fare had given him no direction. He looked round helplessly. To get' down seemied waste of time; and the fare had sunk back, apparently breathless, among the cushions. He therefore recklessly decided to drive anywhere, and, taking up the reins, whipped up his tired heree into a feeble gallop. Hte had scarcely driven five minutes before his fare put his head ont of the win dow. " Go on!'. he cried hoarsely. "For heaven's sake, goon! Don't you hear them? They'll catchus, you fool!, Go on, go on, go on! l tell youl!" - . Tlhe driver lashed into his horse, and the vehicle plunged forward. A little later the man's headwas out of the window again. ".They'ro behind us!" he cried; "eI can hear theml Confouhd you man! do you want me to hang, after all?" The' cabby looked round. The man was leaning out of the cab bareheaded; his face was ghastly white,' his 'eyes frantic with terror, and his hands clutched fearfully at the casement of the window. Behind them the road was clear and empty. Nout a esulin sight;. not'a coach or a carriage to be seen. The cabby felt his blood run culd. Was his fare' a madman or something, worse? He strained his ears to listen, to. catch any sound that 'might come from the distance, but he could hear nothing. He whipped at his tottering horse; and tle hrb:ls started on again. A little later he fa??w.,, -l lard a faint sound borne on th,: i., hie the trottis'gof horepsand the r,-s:,.. .,heels, and lie looked round exnlc,...,i.%. When he found that the road was stillempty, a scut of terror seized him . Ile shivered in voluntarily, and when his fare put his head out of the window again he started withli almost a scream, and'whipped ?nd lashed at his horse until the animal grew terrified' at the unusual treatment. How long they went on, how many houra elapsed until the horse fell exhausted by the wayside, no one knew; but when the race came to an end at last, Kensington was left tar behind, and before them stretched a long, uneven road, arched with trees and heavy with mud. With the sound of the trotting horses still in his ears, the cabman descended hastily from his box. He looked back over hie shoulderas he did so, and probably, to his distorted imagination, the road was filled with the figures of the pursuers. Heaven knows what terrors filled his mind as he sprang to the window and called out to his fare; but a fresh horror awaited him. The fare had made no sign. instead of raviog with impatience, as the driver expected, he was silent and invisible, and when the cabby looked into his vehicle he started back in affright The man was lying on his seat, with his head rolling upon his shoulder, with his throat cut from ear to ear. A long stream of thick blood trickled slowly overhis clothes, and his hand, clasping a sheort knife, was stained and red. As the driver looked the suicide'e syes seemed to turn upon him. He shrank back with a cry, seized the reins, which had fallen to the ground, and clambered to his box again. In the morning they found him whipping wildly at a dead horse! For the next few days he was kept in custody. Then he was discharged, as nothing was found against him, and a night 'ir two afterwards he was found dead in his cab-straingled by the ghost of the suicide, they will tell you; but a little inquiry will ascertain the fact that he had been drinking all day, and- that the events of the night of the suicide had so undermined his reason, that he was quite likely to die of fright. Still it is a pity to spoil a good legend, and the cab, unless it has lately. parsed out of exis tenceis a picturesque object round which to weave a romantic hstory. 