OUR BOYS AT THE WAR. VOYAGE- IN'THE SURREY. Wb have received the following Utter from Sergeant .y«ughan, 'of ..Gundagai, who left with the fec'ohd contingent for South Africa, in tbo 'Surrey,' on Jan. 17 'Romowero in tho Indian Ocoan, about one week^ from' Capetown. 'On board llio'«S,irr!ii:' Fub. 'if!, ' a fortnight to* norrow,,aiuce we loft Auntralis. So fttr ve have h«d,grnnd weather. a couple d Uya a littlo bit rough, but nothing to ipeak of. We are nli^o goodr Health in' ipite of having typhnid on board. One tart of tho ship (where tbo hospital is} las been isolated sfnccr'the 2nd or 3rd lay after leaving Fremantle j thoto in -'tly ono case so (ur ; of course there wore any amount. thrco*quartors land a little nore) dead # with sea-sickueas, but thank jooduess they have all got over that now. Dur hors^-have stood it well, one or two lsve lTnosk'bd tbemsnlves about a bit by dekihj^, but we expect them to bo alright igdinliy tbe time we land ; thoS.A's. and SV.A's. have eaeh lost a hotse. Wo have bad a terrible lot of : work 'to keep; the (tables clean; there is iip/gaogway.^ tbo rear of tbe horses, and : f d ;consequcribo of tho S.A^and W.AV* .having broughi.ou | board ubi-iit*30epare'h(^ses,-wo'hBv6 cmly one s'p'are stall to every 50 horses, aud all those horses have (o bo shifted evety tiuie we cleau;OUt. ' Some of- the foreea will allow you-tio oravl, uudorneath; thou, somawilf^o^ . I have one in -ny'|trooj-; that will with the grealosl of joy kick a mau to' glpry .io double quick time; he would eat a fellow if yoii gavo him s'ufil oient tiujf. He neatly took imy aria off oue day- and-:ihe/bwiier of ;himV.I moan the one who is going to ride him, bad his bajid. fearfully bitten a wook ago, and it will., be eome weeks before h-j gpts right. We havo^also |j«'enU^ort,'of stable uten sils/ sttch as'bbciels.'sijorile,^^ I don't know who is to blame, bu^werbavo'had a'terribl0vlot of bother inconsequence. Howevef }ouVff ouo ' tibre week, anti take myword every man on the ship will give ajhun'dering.bii'liurrah tbo day wo tuud at Capetown. . 'fbe. captain, of the ship is not to blame for any of it ; ho is a splen did;follow,yand^su arS£hir, officers and ore.w. The day we left Fromantie, general - parado' was ' sounded ; after we wore all^bi_ought togothor the ship was searched acd five stowaways found, thtoe were seot.ashor.o aud?twok we're allowed-lo remain aud, help this crew. .'When 'the captain was'goiug round. ''the ship after lights out,' they found abotU 6 or 8 more, oue of them boing a fair obainpion ; :ho would not woik, and he used to cheek the captain of*1 the; ship and, anybody else, until the captain disbovored it would be a good plan to stop his rations; that brought him round at ouce. We have had an uueveutful voyage so far as ocean sights aro conceroed; no whales, no sharks two or three porpoises, aud about halfa dozeu flying fish is all that wo have soen.' We passed one: Dutch .ship -two weeks A»rv Wa ?» koM hi.i» .11 1 ? ? one thing. aud another. Wo have had a .little bit of target practice with tho rifios. We throw a box or bag of hay over and use that for a target. Yostorday we put iu some good work ; it was a fine day and tbe captain encircled; the ship, and all hands were out with tho rifles 'or praolico. We fired about an average of. 50 rounds per man, all volley firing! The officors uod sergeants aro armed with revolvers, aud we put in a bit of. .work with ihom, some of us are getting quilo expeits at tho game. We have had.- two. 'concerts, the first by tbe W;A. offioers and men, which .was. very good j/tha second was given by N.8.W., and-we-put tbeTithera in the shade altogether (no puff), We borrowed a lot of flag* from tbe oaptain, and with them aud other iuaignifioant arrangements' we 'made'the' deck quite smart. It was a common saying on tho ship that tbe N.S.;W. boys wore dead heads as fur as enturtsiniug abilities weio coacerned. The opiiiion is now altored, our piogratnmo beiiig above the average. In tbe afternoon previous''to our concert we bad bulf-a-day's'sports. Tbore wero three competitions, the usdul tug of-war swinging., the monkey, - an'd spar boxing. In the tug-of-'wat?there was jk team from each -quadronV . W.^-. were 'Kvourites at 6 to 4 on, evens S.Ar,-'-'and'.4'to'l agst .poor N.S.'Wi ??'We oetS.A*. 'first, hut our fellows did not pull togethor, add were^of course beaten ; time 3 miu'utes. ' After a spell we had- 13 meet^the favourilps, any prico against N.S.W.', as 'it was reokonod we had not the' ghost of a chauce. Haw ever, the^eaptsin efoQf-Tdam'rated'v^for net watching him in^ tho first pull, aud gave them a Utile bit of ^wholesome advice; then our fellows sat duwir to it, andafter a ,very3x«tiog.fpdU of 'niue miuntes (contrary to all &jWatioo;)-beat the favpuritef, The next round W.A. and S.A^met./Jbo latter won, and wore declared the wiuners of tbe oompeliti&n.; After the above was finished our troop officers challenged the other ttoop officers and the W.A. officers accepted, and after' a tag Isstiug tsn minutes our officers won.',,It, was a. {really, .jtough go,, and there is,n? fun iu it (to. those taking part, They had to tako- their hoots off, and one of the W.A. officers' 'hsid 'a 'blister fully: four inches' long', ahd'two inches wide; on ono foot, aud hehaa beenaciippleever i since. ; 8wiuging.-the monkey did not cstchon, but sparrboxipg cannot be beaten fur fur. . Tboy had (a; ship's spar, about j 8\. in, in.diameler '; it is.fixed horizontally about 4 feet from,' the' deok, then two.1 cdmb'ataii^s sit scross the spar, eaoh being armed with a'ptllow, then they bang one another off the spar, the best two out of throe winuing. - Talk about fun, it was the best afternoon I have put in for many a da}% ,. Wednesday, 21st, off Atgoa Bay. Sighted land this morning, very pleasant ' alter our monotonous ' trip. Ono of our' horses died acouple'of days ago; that! makes' one for . first Unit-. t We expect to ! nrrivo at Capetown. on.Friday. morning, I and as I said beforp we will.uot he sorry.' | Wo camo.ou board in, » Cjuddle and wo ! have \neyor( got out t of.it. Somo of our officers are uobb tod active. 1 Otif swords are' ri-U; sharpened] 'everything' has 'been psintod or stained, all supposed to- be kbarki^but you paptpipk out riearly every colour in,;ibo rainbow, Tbe'.Imperial people T'am afraid will take us for cirops downs or something similar. Wo have had no sword-drill, no room, At anchor, TabloBay, Feb. 23. Arrived here this morning, at 11.30, all well, no room at ilw w^arfta foV'usi There1 are -two other transports besides us waiting, tio.' dis embark; ono with 300 English Yeomanry 1 arrived yesterday. They lost *30 hones on the voyago, so we had better luok than tboy had ; the other' transport oame in an hour or two;afterus, s6 you can imagine tbiugs are. pretty, lively horo. 'Sunday, Feb. 25. Iisndod tti-day, lost auother . hoise, evorytbing olso ' corrccf. Wo are' in camp at Maitlund, 5 miios from Capn town. Bad nows to-day about our first $)oys,*otily lljbu't bfThfc 35 loft. 7 Wo go to tho front to join tho forcos tinder Lord Koborts, on \Yeinosday noxt. Tboro are dOOO-troops camped here, so. we are. for* Juuato Jn, gotling.,a,wny so soon. Mon-. d%y,,20tb.; Saw Trooper Jones, of Gun uedah this, morning, with n broken; log. .Poor-George. Griflin ..was shot with rifls. biillot through tho head, and was buried alongsido.whoro I16 was shot. They had boon out reconnoitring, and were return ing to camp. We go to-mortow morn ing. Australian mail leaves to- morrow. Kindest'iegards to all.' ; ' i 1 ? ' 1 : ' 'i- ' '? ? . . 