RELIGIOUS LUTE IN SOUTH AFRICA. (By R. B. Douglas, M.A., of tTahaimes burg.) Preached in Sherbrooke- Church, Glasgow, OIL Sunday evening, January 2S.° I i^or tee mngciom of God is r.ot ami drink, but righteousness and pcacn^-acd joy in the Holy Ghost."-Romans xiv., 17. . 1 <have -been asked to-night to speak on ' Religious Life in South Africa," as I have learned to see and understand it in ray five years' residence as a minister in Jo hannesburg,and I wish -to take as the text for my remarks the 17th ror.se- of the 11th chapter of the Epistle.-to the Romans "For the kingdom of God is not meat and ?drink, but righteousness and peace, and joy in -the Holy Ghost." The keynote of Christian- preaching and teaching in the present day is that Chris tianity means the kingdom of God upon earth-means, that, is to say, the actual rule- -of the Spirit of God in every depart ment of human life. We do not believe now thai a man is a Christian in the full sense of the word unless he shows the spirit of Jesus ruling his life and influenc ing his thoughts; and so we shall not call a nation a Christian nation unless -we see that the preceptsof the Gospel arc-to some extent being realised there; that the .spirit 'of the Gospel is aimed at, at least, as the ideal of a nation's politics, and to some extent dominates a nation's life. A Chris tian nation, then, will not simply be one which has a State church, or nrofesses a Christian creed; it will bo one in which righteousness, and peace, and joy in tie Holy Ghost are rendered possible for all classes of the community, and in which we shall find these things being aimed at 'more and more by the rulers and those in authority, and find these things being re garded as the best things by the influential people, and in time by the whole body of the people. RELIGIOUS DEGENERACY. iAsnd viewed by this standard, I must confess and admit that the Republic of the Transvaal has little claim to be called a Christian nation, because the kingdom of God is not being realised there, nor is likely to be realised there under the existing regime. The chances are all against righteousness' flourishing in that land- under its present government. I am not here to- night«to talk politic.-, bat to -feiUc religion, and 'X wake this reference simply to introduce -one point which I! feel should be laid before Christian peotple at Twine, and that is, that the conscience of the Church -at home ought to be perfectly at rest on the righteous ncs and'justice of our-present war. We ought to feel that wo can pray heartily for the success of our arms. _ We ought not to feel any lurking suspicion that we are doing altogether wrong there, and that -we represent the wrong side of the -dispute. I believe that it will be abundantly manifest; to all those who take the trouble to enquire into the actual state of -the case thai. the victory of Great Britain will be a victory^ for -the kingdom of God. Not that it will, necessarily introdnco all ?hat is right for irons' it^-bni it will give all that is right a chance to be introduced as it has not yet had a chance or opportunity. We must not go on the assumption that we are fighting merely a race of peasants, a nation whose Teligion is that of -our own nation, and who hare carried that religion to higher, or, at least, kept it at simpler aind Jess depraved levels. One's ex perience in South Africa -qualifies one for being an expert in religions pathology-^ the degeneration of religion; how religion can fall away and fall away until it lowers and degrades itself. It is -that story that I have to -tell to-night. ? And first, I tell it of our enemy, not in the spirit of the Pharisee, as if we should hu" -ourselves' that we are better than they, but that we may understand, BO that our conscience may be at rest as to the war; and, more important still, that our conscience should not 'be at rest after the war is over, until we have escaped those perils, and set the crooked things straight. . There is, then, a two-fold aspeeffc of -re ligious degeneracy-amongst large classes of the people who are at present rrruortu natelv our enemies. There is a large class of those persons in the neighborhood of Johannesburg and of other-towns .on the goldfields, who have been idle, the thrift less, the purposeless, anu the _ indolent members of the community; and it is mar vellous how these persons have_ in the course of centuries of illiteracy, ignorance, and stupidity, learnt all manner of corrupt devices. They are sullen, suspicious, and cunning, and what the people of this countrv mean by industry and cleanliness, and the habits of an active life, are -un known to them. We find large, portions o? this community sodden with drink, de graded in their minds, jjroud and over weening in their conceit; and the com mandos of the Transvaal do- not go into the foitEtetieM filled With, prayers and sing ing psalms, but roysteiing and drunken, flinging insults at Britain's' Queen ana British subjects. We see the pitiful spec tacle eff what was originally a-simple, pious nation; becoming false and dishonesty by reason of indolence and want of education. And then we have the persons with whom, our quarrel is, the official and ruling classes in the Transvaal, from those highest in authority to those lowest, and there we have an example of the degrading power- of money when it is songht -after by greedy and unscrupulous men. Many of these men when they attained position were 'honest men;" few of them could boast of -their honesty now. Man after man rank after rank, has been trapped by the power of bribery and corruption, and I do not believe there is anywhere outside of Turkey a more absolutely corrupt state of foverrun cut. It was said by one who. no-ws well, a minister who has close ex perience of the official classes in Pretoria, that .f there was no war every minister of Christ in the Transvaal woulcFtare -infinite cause to regret it; and he said so becanse he believed -the continuance in office of this Government and set of officials would be the degradation of the -moral sense of the whole community. And that is the- opinion of those who know best. Werhave to put all irrevdant ques tions aside. We have to see that the central issue, so 'far as w-e- are concerned, is the best interests of humanity, the chance -of righteousness being realised; and that this corrupt Legislature and set of officials must be put out, never to return. That is why, as Christian men, we can say this-war is not an unmitigated eviL It is at least a. sanitary movement to clear out one of the unsanitary corners of the earth. And again I say wef ought not to speak of this nation, not-to look upon this people with mere contempt and hatred, and still less ought we to look upon theoa with a feeling of our own superiority. We see that such a condition is caused by putting anything first in a nation's regard except righteousness, by seeldng first anything but the doing of God's will upon earth. That is how a simple nation may become enmeshed in the toils of deceit, and how the love of money may be at the root of all manner of evil, and may degrade per sons who were once upright, honest, and God-fearing. But there is no doubt that there is a great deal of honest religion amongst large sections of our opponents. There is -a large section I am going to lease-out', of- account altogether,, - persons "who are Christian and God-fearing men, I with whom we have no quarrel, and con cerning "whom we should guard against making contemptuous, slanderous, and un ue *^a*ements. Let us in. all things see we observe the Christian law of charity in I sneaking or the poor, deluded peasantry of1 2rail£e Free State and some parts of the Transvaal, men Whose only lault is last of knowledge, and who have been led into this war fey rulers "unscrupulous and greedy. PROVIDENCE V. REDEMPTION. But leading them aside, there is a great ganger winch has overtaken the real reli fn°rf ,°i ^ large sections of our enemy, and that is that they have forsaken, or rrHom^f-01 ?isi?c' tLe Sreat doctrines of 2*tl°n m favor -of a doctrine of pro tin f-b?" rn " t r TPcnns simply this: ha' "J;1ne course of three centuries they f"* io iook -upon God as the Giver scnril rf3. sood ,alone' as the God who ncn/J r *T and rain> and can be de FotWn<^« I°r SCCt tir.ne harvest. that th'ev ?,rf'W- ,Ior men assume the nnt J privileged persons; to leave about God-Z0139®^11 the neatest tWngs holiness of .hteousness, purity, and oneiias nand1.to Mieve, because ago, that^ T"°Ugh ?» experience long God as onhMto? O? Safe'- and to look to That, I ?"]U e,,G ?er «Ta1 In fections of our mil T tnoi^ht of large look upon God « 7&nS; foc; that ihey benefits done - t)Hn3!?*7.of Tterial the -God ,,G,°d of Providence, tent lostdgjft:rfffiS.d,SSe %° '} la/se cxl consuminc firo ? i!|!e Goc! ^ho is a It is a striking pe,°Ple's sills Preachintc TtJ rw,' ?£ch .of »ie I have Jiearc! nr L ^ which speech of President 1^Trted' and every have ever re^f }mS l-, > l'Ker s I SS?££** fed "^>P%8S «s the outer enemv T? ' cneTJ". ' °^°or °a?TcaSPPnSed never . &°lt Mr&jg; pions 111 a sense, beUevin^n ^?7* ".fH8 -H-e ffis' 'peLlf 1 G°d Wh0 ne7er ^ S'ieoSS SVJg 4P iS real religion amon-i oT^tc^ln^anf^aS jjff}^themef Kffl- ^ astra-v> because it .iji /l0 believe that God will lip th<Si rlT ^TrevT the-v ]irc. and give them the victory however their lives-may be m contradiction to His la-,v. "X,nri -is 1 £ay, while I believe thoroughly, irom political reasons S I cannot explain Sere, that tWs wari* ^ necessity which no diplom^, cUd'haVe irrlxh^ll ^ '^r7r\ believe it mav be ifv!i certainly be overrnled bv 'God .°r cml5- Not that this nation ?*. perfectly mrhteous and tally rsdi-ef the fangdom of God, birfc.^at we have at lea^t frTf^ la ,IS- t0 aim aftpr it. and Jn animate this natidn are God Bearer those °i the-kingdom of But remember, three are tbe faults to trfncli real religion falls. Beal religion will degenenite it left to itself. "Watch and pray that ye enter not into tempia ls trle message that burns it =df mto my soul, as I tliin-t of so many of these opponen-te -of ours. THE DirbAADER'S RELTGION. . "then,..as a nrinisfcer in Joliannesburg, it 3s to-ie-expected tlai I have come more ZrJZ Z ,,Vll ine Mts^of our ovrn ^ tlwse of our enemie?, and the time would rail me to rive run ^Presswn of life; and -work in Johan nesburg a3 I rfionld like to do. You hear rmicb erf the Litlander. and he is a mixed character indeed. TVTiile we have there our churches as you have at home, there is one thm- tnat makes the problem there veir interesting and impressive, and that is the withdrawal of the religious at moaphere :n winch fo manv of -us have tie good lortnne to move in this favored land, itas 19 .attended "with the most disastrous results in many persons' lives. The gene ral tcme ot the churches is lower than it is at home; the religions life beats with a less regular and healthy pulse; and its terror is_ district^- cMfcd. There- is that to bo said. But I will confine mysdf to two pomts which I.'think of importance. Ths(Srsfc is, -thivb -from the nature of oiir government our community has never had a dance. Jt is thrown in our teeth that 1 ^ are a people given to amasement and sport and money-making, bnt it must be ; remembered ihaifc we never have Had a ahance to 'take part in public life. There nas never been the opportunity to call men .to do anything for their fellow-men in the way of public service. I ibeSeve, : svitli iheso oppcrctumties our people will t? Ehcm. Ycu see to-day on the ?battlefields of South .Africa, from eight to ten thousand oi our Johannesburg young men, who-are hazarding- their lives^nti not counting -tihem dear to them, and bearing haixMrips cfcinct you. fare frttle i<lea. of, as they prosecute thai; campaign. And that- is mongh to show that we have -not a people hopelessly given over to selfish indulgence, but a people to whom a..strong appeal caa be made, when -there is a. hope-ama chance of making a purer and more enlightened State. I believe you will find that the op portunitiesof public service will awaken.in that people a desire for better (Slings and 5\. trne-efrorf to serve hmxewity, which will lead them in Goii's good<.time anxi^way to the service of Christ. kesfeotabimty axd heligiox Another thing I should like to say is, that from the nature of the life there, there are many iemptetfcrons -which have more hold, overmen than even they have had at home; the same sins <rnd tempta tions, only there men. are-artvay from 'home sod example, and in case aiter case they sneeumb to th-e temptations against which they hicve-stood many a time at home. I could tell yon pitiful tales of men who were-uprigfet and respectable whilst in the old shome .and in the old -church, but they cast their religion behind them and -even | leave honor, artd all else that goes to the making of manliness^ behind. Utere is a. great-&aiof; reiigicm. in our churches which cannot -bear bSn^tismgjlaiited over the seas. Throris a great-deal cl Ecspestability in our streets which wffl nub Sear being | taken to-snorfhrrr lamd, 'becanseiitds on tie surface, it is traditional, and when the tradition is 'broken, .wharf; do you find? You. find -that mea fall, and fall pitifully, when the old habits and old -cays of .life i have been-altogether changed. | And one thing that is laid -upon ine-to | speak to home" congregations-is- this: fee ; 3ure ihaf; before you cross the seas your goodness is your own, and not your lather's or grandfather's. . Be - sure -what yon (tgte oyer Sie sea with .Jfoii is not merely-srnne. m'Gmofy ^aad iabit of ehurch goingV'6f the^religion;'<jfe-Jesus.and. of the ways or GojUiness. B&* sure these ha.ve been; made your oiyii-,dn. your own -will and cbaiccr and -'hare-entered into your own heart. People air home-,. T ;iiofice,- -aref inclined to- ask themselves- this-- Whether religion is necessary, and whether cl..man ? may not live a good life withoilfc the aid of reli gion? I have- ceased to ask that question now. You may live in. much respectability and with, much credit when, you are shel tered by the goodness of your home and all your surroundings, but that does not prove anything as to ihe goodness of your own heart and w£D, until you are tried and put in a position where the tradition does not exist and the atmosphere is changed and you have to clrcrose goad and evil for yourself. I often tell people, -and would like to r&e; able -ft> tell more--do not send your sons aibroad until they be Chris tians in deed and in truth. Do not take yourself out of the reach of forflily religion and Church religion until these iMngS-have spoken their message to your heart and have filled your own heart with something of strength and grace and power.- I read the old text with a new meaning noiwr, "Hcrw shall we escape if we neglect so-] great salvation?" Not merely how shall we face God's Judgment Seat unless we take there with us our own. faith in Jesus Christ, our own: choice of goodness, for pur own portion, our own. purpose, and our own desire for God? How shall we escape if we pass through life to judgment and fhese things are not ours? That is all very true and all very serious, but there is something infinitely more near to pre sent life. Sow shall we go through life at all, how Ehn.ll we cross the ocean, how shall we live in differing circumstances and escape grave disaster, unless we take into' crar hearts the solvation of God, and take into our lives the 'love and power of Jesus Christ? We must fail. Many a hundred have fallen in Johannesburg because they took there only the memory of their father's oi-mother's goodness, and not the religion of their own 'heart's choice, their own heart's porfion. How shall we escape unless we take the name and power ana spirit of Jesus with us throughout all life, throughout all death? I trust it will always be a matter laid upon all hearts to pray for the Churches in the Transvaal in South A-fpjpq^ ancl an over oiu- colonies, where, amidst much dis couragement and a great deal of disap pointment, men are trying to hold up the banner of Jesus Christ and to witness for Ifi3i.Church.in tl^ese .far<r£,-lands. 