[ALL RoU7Io ITRRRViDv.] THE MYSTERY OF ILFORD CRANCE. Ilford Grange lies in on n nlroddn valley in the heart of England, a lovely rretrent. where the call of the bird has not belen silenced by the shriek of the steal whistln, and where the sky is not clouded, nor the air fouled with smoke. A mile from the old Grange stands a lone alehouse, whose asignboard,'Tliao lobin Ilood, speake of tio old forest days. Iolelid the old Inn pltlhwmay led through n wood to tlhe valley of Ilford Gti?ngo; the oldl tlnemielt wau a motley grollpl o bulldlng,, grey and rodl; ince a 1p10u0 Inu llogn, It wai still haoked by the ruined town andt southl wall of the Priory Church. West of it, n tiny stream iubbleld down the villey, whihl, bhnked lup to tihe north of the church, formed i Inke. the unrnllled surface of wnheih rellucti tile alles thalt have grown moud Ilhe bank, th1e Ivy-covered tower ondc thne cloudI tlhit Iloit Inlly over thle elichaintdl valloy umlking up ii perfret picture of rural beauty. The latlage, buill of grey stone, in pateolied heor and thorn with brick,leinig Iall overgrlown witlh tlnlegd crelprers,anld urmounted I by tall red brick chimneys, bhol, which Oghil lower the rulns of the old Priory Church. It wts towards the close of a bright anlld glorious Heptrmben r day that I plaued, after a live mile walk, in front of liford (roulge. It wna with strange mingled feelings that I ntood for ninny lelnlteR gLaing at the old Ille, griln and gloomy reminiscence being rivalled to mly ilind R its oight. Ifere, after ily poor father's dleath, when a boy of seven, had I been brought from I,London by ily uncle' solicitor, 'Though at lenmity with both my parents, upon his youlger brother's decease I hald beel sentl for, I may here ladd tha it I mother's tender Jove andi eanr I never had known, siho having left the world a few weeks only after my birth. As I stood now In the gloaming, tlhe hnadows deepeninlg around the old Orange, I recalled to nind the dark, bleak, willlter'a iday, uwhenu, weary of Illy morose nald miserly ellatioin' tyranny, I ran away, a lad of alx. teen. Sitrved and buffeted about for years ot Ilford Grange. my rough life on board a West hIndiai merchanlt shlli was far prefer. habi; andI now,fairly well-todonlod eight and twienlty years of age, it wan i with wl nild ,iunl lietlg emotinna thit I stoodI with folded anrml lt Ithe entrance gatte of ilay unelo's resildence, the old milsr, who for yealrs had folrgolttel my exiltence, but who now uponl hIln loath bed had expressed a wihl to behold once more hbin noplew Mllnes. iUilnmelhing I remnlaberedl of a pretty lietlo girl, a niece, the dauglitar of the onlly slnter of Mlark Ilin way. She, poor chlhl, Honlln n?venl or eight years my junior, halld hIn tlhe only Ieolill I regrelted lenvlig hol hind at the hoil ,ir.igu that hitler winter's day whien, ploudl andii lellonan, I rln auay toi seek n hoIlie u pl n lhe v~sty dleep. There wilto al sign of life about thle old plinee,lanll an I aiunlteredl up thle nosa. covered andl weeded lllpathway I bhelohil, as of yore, the llsnae air of ldesolation, neglnct, and decay, diA uInlor never lchanges his disposition aniy more than the Iuolpard hils lpuot," I nlmttorud, oa, gaininlg thie old porch, I gave I tug tll the bell, the eulngor of whichli wlke ilup many a diemlh rbllo about the pllano, startling the very rooks that were circling ovorheluul pirelpairllltory to s!mlking their nelts, for the nilghlt waii chlone it huLild. or soime ive mllinulte I Wlitilel Iitietly a reply to I sny nlounnols, ail then, asl I wai nouIt agahi to puit lly hand oni the bell, the miaNsive itaken door was slowly opened, creakinlg aind groning l on ll hinlglenI a if reluctant to admit of ingress to theu stranger. An ohl arone, with yiillow, wrinkled faco andl toothlenss gulllle, tialling on the tlren. lolhl, winking niill blinking like an old owl, II In ieriunoiin ecentl demaOnded lily blusiness. i lift l,oindln early thi morning to piay it vilit to lay ill1, Munrk lanwny," " Did yii ) then you might thol snved ynuro lf it long journoey you can't gIe him,'' oihl thei old woman, nnappinhlly, who, thliough sie had loett iher teoth, I found retinedt hoer s0000 of hloring, " can't seo hlnt I ?i W t do you nIou, womln lll Why, h?leout for eo, and Os I Julst. now Informelld you, I hinv trn?vlledl Ia Iong dietllainel nt hit reqOuellt." "'rlht imlly hn,but the otld man hns slortd , at longer journey thanll you hlvoe over lmaid." " I think I underulnnd you, You monn to Infer ththe in denad," " Yenlnit um wa?elav no eeommodtnlon for ltrvelleun, I can't lot ymvill, I'm n loeu womanl , and can't n"loer niroanger, You'll goet it hId, I tdreony, tt the llbiln Ilood, t'otlhr hido of the wotol," " '1thulk you, iut I do not care to ortltu for thait unuhorlgeo tonlighti. I'm hero llow UitIt lllend to rtolllumi, I tio lont know who or what youll re, bult I hllvOe ontio down har i nt th exloronn ildeoll of Unalo Iliowiy, lnud I'ln not going to boait sbip for iny lono wolman whll dote not like strlanger." Itither nlhortl.tmpered and Iilllry at tho ihrmleiincn of the orane, I here very coolly drove pnt ller into the ihlllli, lllthr taken ilhwk, ? uolapplnlg iher IIilnds, oureeChing anll yolling itlko a tigormoat, ohlo oang oult, " lioubon, lioubnol I lhlo, Ditlol " The pair no louulyutllld upon starllng fotih froml It hil.olpenl door hlomn by me, itlld provlig to bie It hrly, inaldyhlllroid, red Iuood nlani, lndt u loeroe, tovrgo.Ioltinlg dtlI the latter with no tangry nlurl, ndil roevnltlng a not of hlluge funlgs, lunchilntg hil bt anlld hllowing i dlin poiulton to fy It me witlloult nyfurtlohr tol Ido or provouoltln. " Whiit'ii ill tlln allut i Who are you l (int out of it, or I'll let Didio hIrn it Ilho I" tI You'ld bettnr honl Dhlo, tn you anil him, hack, or I'll Ilt it knife ilt his ribs. I've idon i tidy blLt of pig lltiekl tin In itdia, nti I'm nIot gllolg to ble owedl horn by i vulious log or hitllllI by il loilluIoppor I Yull nhk whln I nmll, I anll th nphiow of tihe owner of titll houlpe, alnd I don't car who youl Itir or tllat uront ulthurl but if you dont't tako are indi 0ro not olvil, I'll klik you both onlt of the (lrangl," " Oil, ohl I o'eao hour thllt mothort" o Let o tIle dug at 'In, IIttubeo. Didi thllo hoar ie nllrd It uronout" orlit the blg, firlry innuliig with runi, Tro my ulllndlttllll nllell( noIIhlonlt, the oollnIril of It mallill, tew loolliluthnli oivago lienat htlid ml inl holding, with i louud ldoom mouthed bay ItI oprnl upon Intl, enunlig lmn by ito weight to olttggor blick ngaint the w itl. Ilving nttliohed it brod hnluirpbhloded kltnll rllnlly pooI e It mollllnt before, panld getting it gloodl grip of the brutea hy tie ntkh, I bured theil wuanplo up to tlhn huilt In tlls thllroel, and th ll exerting il l my nIrength I hulrled the dinylnlf ,tnl n?i the ild wmal Ilhodg and its mistrenss rolling( Iogthellr uponl thl Illloor. H- rLtIr ig now Ipn I e, Ih uILi?ad aind onuifu dtiUdlill tiilial, , I g hoo Iiet ollowlni oriiihiniig hlirw foil t)weo n thie Liyoo, alltld an ilhar iiunder hli Iift nr that tunt hhil attitn lii all llllllr ifll nol Iupon the bodiiln of l ,hricki 11I4 hn , tha e 111 r11 1 ),11 ilrlsh, ti plantar of the hdlab, I now, drawing ai (loop breath, took a glance around, staring wildly ns a little boy, wan faced, ragged and dirty, gliding front a distant corner, with one hand upen hill lipoand the other upraised,bcakoned me to follow him, as he began to ascend a flight of staili at the end of the hall. Paying no heed to the oathe and threate of dire vengeance uttered by the bullying lout below, I at once hurried after the poor little creaurroe, who,glidingswiftly before moe, kept turning round to son if I were following on. Up a second flight of stairs, panning along o corridor that I rememberedl well in the daiys of old, my little pilot then began ascend. nlg a third steep flight that I know led to a sueit of roome seldom or over used in my childhood's dayn, and that bore the repute. tion of being haunted. Pasoling through two apartments that opened one into tile other, tie little fellow camne to A pliuso, and placlig his trembling little hand upon the door of a third ichambor, ihe exclaimed, in a heaitoting and tremhling voice, " Luura'H herel" " Laura's there, is ahe?"l I replied, smiling at the troubled expresiaon that rented upon the ipeor boy's featureu; for though locked, I was well assured that I could snon hurnt the door upon if nocessary; and crlling to mind that Laura was thie namu of Imy pretty playmlte and cousin in the long ago, I determined, without any scruple, to force an entrance Iin. to the roomu. lForthwith, and without any further tondo, 1 gave a hound with my •shoulder against the olbtaclo before me; that, as I expected, tore the lock away, and landed eme sprawling upon tile floor of the chamber buynnd. Stlrting to my foot, I was now astounded at beholding a yriong and lovely girl, a beautlful blonde, lying upon a cooch, bounld hland and foot, whilst piled up to the oillinK, as if ready for removal, I obervred ar chetel of draweor, tables, clhairs, card-tables, nld wouh. slands, oil packed one upon the other, caun. nlg the chaoibur to resemble the sale rouom of an nuctioneer. My first proceeding was, of course, to roe lease from her bonds the weeping girl, who, in wild alarm, seizing me by the arm, ex. claimed: " Wlhat have you done with that llnfamnous wonman and her son?" " Shown them both ttme thot I mo0n to be Inator hero " " But the dog--they will set the horriblo irute upon you I" " Thlv did that saluo tlhing, IImy dear girl, and I served ])ide as I used to do the will Inarne but tiil me, Laura, what Is the Ineaon. lng of that strange array of fIrnituro 7" " I will tell you nil-everythi ng, But say, are you nolt iny cousin Mlles, that poor uncln ans oxpeating 1" " nam hel yea, Laura. And though no many years have passed since we wandered land ill hand about tlhe vallhy and through he woods, I recognised you, dear. the mlolment I entered the ororlIlment And now toll me what vllainly his been going on hlro r7" " Allost lmurder, Miles," cried mly pretty rolntoll, na steu lung trembllngly nod conli. ingly to aIy armi. "'Poor mole IHllunway lled yesterday, nod beauseo old John tlruya. trooko n!il blil daughter wouldn't consent to :omee vile proposition of theiru, the monster, leoubon Monks, anlld Ils vile oI Inolluher brricaded thellom up hi the ghost rooll, ind (ldd known what crimo would have been larried oult If you had not arrived; for Iny oelf I woual Ihvo died before agreeing to tho. wi.oes of that dreadful pair, And what wo'r those wishes, Lanur ?" " T'hat I should con0ont to hecomeo thi wife of the horrid son." " A very' modest deisro, eortainly; but I'll oao (lpunlsh) them before mllny hursM aro over, And now to release the prisnners, 'il'hnk (ld I arrilved hIn time, Laour, for I julieve that vile old hug anld thlll feillow: itolubal wioulldn't have helitated It mnulltlr, or their looks belle them,"," Settlng strenuously to work I proceeded to drag away the nuinurouls rticlel of ftrni. lurn that lad boon Ihmped together, and olightly aided by my counin speedily dinl. olosed thse ,hlf.golns door thnt opened intol heo glhot roo0l, as It was calledl, olure, by the Ipnlo rays of the nloou that stolo throLugh Ii nlall asonoment at the fur and of this anta-roon, I beheolld the wan nd startled inaee of theo old mlnn and his dough. tor, who had ol daringly hlool llprioanned by Iel viles honsekeepor, Mrs, Monks, and her With some dilflouilty gotting away fron myy cousin, who was in fear and aolarm for my nafnty, I now, luaving her with the (loeys. brookes, at once deoconded to the lower port of the hnaso I wa rathellr surpriod that I had recolved no furthlur signs of revolt froml the eoemy, oapeeolnly w I had hoeard froom Laura of their audlnioues dloalre nnd orhllllnl proeeoding., lollowed by the little boy, a wllf of thlle adjacent villago, I mode in thorough l Inpoe. tlon of Ihie promises, eaind It Ilat was pretty voell ennvlinod that tlho lnther and her hope. ful Hin Ihad vualted the premnines. Rleturnlng to nmy 1anxious n0 o0uhli, nll the nlght througl (along with the1 poor old labtolrar and Ilis daughter) we asot upl In that finiae of the dead, none of iS usiuler the alr. lutmatnnotn0 rnIlg to Ieook reposo. 'he ext day,l upon calling in the oollnty olllunstabulury, we llscoveredl that1 Itbaen MoIniIs nill his mother hald dleualntIpo, but lad oarrlodl off a coldloerableo ell li goll, part of the hoards of lily ullnfortuilnte 111010, who had died with no relative by Ills death SlollI even its nieoeo buvlng boon provontod froll itllendilig upon him by the violnlius buihgs In whllols for yoarn ho had placed such rust., The prelatuii pair of conllpirators ory I0onHs of the hue anId cay st ll a illart ido toative from Londonl, wor0 s0oo erpltlured, nlid roecolved well'.talrltold 2H21uneo of " 1ive Years' Penal," As eaxt-olf-kin, I duly Inherited all Matrlk ltunwny's wontth,, and, weddnllg the lovely Laura andt nettling down at thie ohl SIrange, I tenmpted nq more the dangers of the drop, dep sea, a. 