THE KAFFIR HE writer has seen the ^^^5* South Afri ? . — ? 'rffffiS can native, ???ft 'Jfln'*' WmmMMm'lW varying pnases, I n his -wild state, eemi civilised, and wholly so. He has seen the native at hie best and at his worst untainted by the touch of civilisa- tion and. soiled by its pro ximity. ... . The Kaffir in his uncivilised state is an overgrown child, with childish foibles and shortcomings. But let himiearn the vices of civilisation, let him realise the evil there is in him, let him discover that there is, a broad path leading to destruction — and you will find a fully civilised being, as capable in certain ? directions as is the white man. It is a fact that where the Kafilr is permitted to dwell in primeval ignorance,, with none to warn him j against vices he knows nothing about, he remains a good Christian, even though he is ignorant of doctrinal disputes and the meaning of hipher criticism. ... A study of the Kaffir is a study of the human being. And what is more, he has been grossly and shamefully mal treated. ... As for the morality of the Kamf — that differs according to the tribe and its proximity to civili sation. The Zulu is eminently virtuous. In fraction of the law of morality is punished by death. The culprits are placed on the ground with their respective heads resting upon a flat stone. -Then their heads are crushed with another stone. On the other hand, the Hotten tot, having been' a close companion cf the white man, is the most immoral and depraved bumta being in existence. The Matabeles are moral, so are the Basutos and the Mashonas. The Bechuanas are less so, and the Bushmen rank next to the despised Hottentots. That the latter are as bad is stated is evident when the Zulus will not work in the same mine with one, nor sleep in the same room or kraal. Nearly all the tribes, save the Hottentots and Bushmen, are cleanly, the Zulus' particularly so. The Zulu goes in bathing twice a day. He cleanses his teeth with milk at sunrise and again at sunset. All the tribes, even those partially civilised, be lieve in ghosts and spirits. Many worship the spirits of the departed. Still others are fetish worshippers. The most advanced tribe is the Basuto nation, of which there are 50,000 Chris tians, with 144 schools. Strict as are the laws against the indiscriminate selling of liquors to natives, they are yet able to obtain all they want. And when their supply of ordinary rum and whisky runs short they manufacture the no torious 'Cape Smoke.' This addiction to alco hol is the great curse of tne Basutos, and, in fact, of every other tribe. Cape Smoke must be tasted to be appreciated — provided the person thus experimenting survives. For, be it known that the Cape Smoke consists of wood alcohol, red pepper, and sulphuric acid. This terrible concoction is relished by the Kaffirs as no Euro. pean drink is— they have not ret been civilised up to the level of the American 'mixed drink.' But to return to the Basutos. For more than 100 years this tribe has been undergoing a process of forcible civilisation. Good men and good women have sacrificed their lives to the noble cause. Just before the present war began there was a gathering of indunas, or native priests, near the Free State border. Thousands of 'Christian' natives attended. Two oxen were brought into a ring formed for the purpose. One of the animals was snow white, representing the British. The other, coal black, represented the Boers. 'With weird incantations and wild dances these Christianised Basutos skinned the poor oxen alive. The ^.rhite ox succumbed after five hours of terrible agony; the black one lived for nearly a day and a night. The gods of ? the 'Christian' Basuto6 had answered the oracle — the Boers would win. The Kaffir is a stoic. With him, what is, is. I have seen a Zulu's toe crushed by a rock, calmly he cut the Injured member off, tied the wound up with a rag, and then as calmly resumed work. This stoicism it is that makes the Kaffir such a formidable foe. The native does not know his own power, due to numerical superiori ty. Arm him with modern weapons, and you build' a Frankenstein, who will prove as terrible a conundrum as Mrs. Shelley's monster. For, despite his schooling and Christian training, the Kaffir remains a Kaffir, unable to forget his wrongs, and held in leash only through fear of the white man's death-dealing weapons. Even now the Basutos are considering the advisability of at tacking the side that will lose in the campaign between the contending white men. Let the British be defeated a few more times, and even the loyalty of the Basuto chief, Lerothodi, will not be able to stem the tide. The only preven tive of open hostility, even at this writing, is the parliamentary form of government of the Basu tos. One word more: The black question in South Africa will yet prove a far more serious question 'than the black question in the South. And the white man must shoulder the blame, it is his burden. — ''Scientific American.' 