For Phyllis' Sake. CHAPTER XXI. A WIDOWElt'S LETTER. The Hon.- Darcy Derrick was destined to sec and bo seen Unit night by both the sistoi's igto whoso life he had brought so much perplexity and suffering. Seated before a desk, her fair head bent over a pile of manuscript, upon which she was busily writing from dictation a romanco of the high-flown and sickly sentimental order, Dorothy had suddenly put down her pen and raised her head in the act of listening. ' Lady Madelaine bent her proud, white neck until her soft cheek was pillowed on Sir Ughtred's broad shoulder,' dictated the little, old lady novelist. Mechanically, Dorothy took -up her pen, but she wrote not a word. 1 'You are not attending, Miss Knight!' exclaimed her employer. ' Are you ill ? What is the matter with you ?' Dorothy had sprung to her feet, pale anft trembling. „ -( My sister wants mo!' bIio murmured. ' She is calling mo.' ' Even if she is, you can't possibly hear her at this distance.' ' I can hear her in my heart ! Please excuse mo — I am vory sorry — but I must go And swiftly, before the indignant little old lady had time to interfere, Miss Knight had ?ilung down her pen, seized her hat and coat and darted down the stairs and out of the entrance door. Right on the threashold she ran into a man Avho was standing there, hailing a passing hansom cab. It was Darcy Derrick. Sho knew him, although sho never paused for an instant in her flight, and although his back was turned toward hoi'. She did not need his corroborating cry of ' Dorothy !' as ho recognized her flying figure and hurried in pursuit. Her feet seemed to have wings. In a very fow seconds sho had darted through tho gar don gate of her homo and turned tho key in tho lock before tho Hon. Darcy had beon able to reach it. Thou, with a terriblo foar at her heart, sho ontored the door of her homo. Tho Hon. Diu'cy Derrick hung about tho .neighbourhood of Lockhart Cottages until noai'ily twolvo o'clock, but ho caught no further glimpse of either sistor that night. What ho did soo was a spai'o, shabbily dressed, olderly woman, who, at a littlo af to r ? ten o'clock, lot herself out of tho liouso and the garden gate, which last she this timo re momborod to look after her. Tho houso of a certain Dr. Wontworth, in ? ? Kolman-stroot, was Cress well's goal, Dr. Wontworth having attended Phyllis on two ' occasions sinco the latter had quarrolled with Dr. Morgan. Daroy waited until Cross well had rung tho doctor's boll, and then crept up ??? and loitered near the door. ' Ib Dr. Wontworth in ?' Orosawoll in quired, and then, bofore the servant coald spoak sho went on hurriedly, ' Ask him to como at once without losing a niinuto. My mistress is dead, I'm afraid, but her sister won't boliovo it. For nearly two hours we've beon : trying to bring her round.' ' If you stop inside, Dr. Weutworth 'will seo you,' tho servant said, and the door oloBed upon thorn. . In a fow minutes Daroy, who still waited, saw Orosswoll como out, accompanied by the dootor, a tall, slight, light-haired man, in tho oarly thirties. Ho seemed to bo questioning lior closoly, but Crosswoll's answors wore . given in so low a voice and were so broken import. r Mr. Dorrick was in a state of tho keenest oxcitomont and anxiety. Was it possible, ho asked himself, that either Dorothy or Phyllis could roally bo doad, just now, when ho had triumphantly run them to earth, after being thrown off tho scont for so many months ? There was no ovont he would consider rnoro 1 wholly dosirablo than tlao death of Phyllis, against /whom ho cherished tho dull dislike whioh Homo mon feel against tho women they liavo most dooply injured. But tho possiblo death of Dorothy was a vory different matter, and at tho moro idea of such au ovonb Daroy trombled from head to foot. Tho fooling ho entertained for Dorothy, whioh ho was ploasod to oall love, was as strong as, if no t stronger than, .over, a^nd many events had occurred sinco that honeymoon journoy to irondor a reconciliation with her not only desirable, but of vital importance. Tho ouo and only obstaolo which stood in tho way of his perfect married happihoBs with ,/ Dorothy was, so Daroy decided, tho existence o£ hor aistor PhylliB. His vanity was so in ordinate and it had been so f'ostorod by easy oonquosts among wpmon that ho roally boliovcd ho could sppodily transform Dorothy's , disliko againBl him, whioh ho characterised as hystorictil, into a no loss passiontvto regard, and ho was as inconsolablp for her loss and as strenuously dotormined to rogain hor as though sho had boon tho most devoted of . wivnfl. ' Af tor all,' ho told himself , as lio wailod outside tho sistovs' homo during Dr. Wont worth's visit, ' it cannot bo oifchor Dorothy or Phyllis who is'dcad. Throo hours ago I saw thom both. Phyllis sprang from hor scat in. delight and strotohod out hor arms at Bight o£ mo, and Dorothy darted past mo on hor way homo. They woro both tall, strong, and porfeotly hoalthy womon. Doubtless tho two o£ thorn bavo gono on talking about mo ovory day1 all thoso mouths, comparing ? notos, and flndiug out ?just in what dotails tho Hon. Daroy Dorriok rosomblod and difforod from Soi'BiusTrovolyan. But, once I got Dorothy,. back, I.muitput a. stop to thoso mootings, and got rid of Phyllis, somehow. Put lior on fcbo stago again—that will be the best way — and get some budding tragedian at thirty shillings a week to mai-ry her [and keep her quiet, mixing his grease paints and darning his silk tights. Then my beautiful half-tamed Dorothy and I will shako the dust of sordid Eugland off our feet and set sail for sunny climes together.' Meantime, Dr. Wentworth, after a visit of nearly half-an-hour's duration, camo at length from his patient's house, followed by Cress well, who, still weeping, fastened tho gate after him. ' I will call and see your mistress again in the morniug,' wero his parting words^to the old servant, ' nnd you must really try to keep up, that you may look after hor.' Dnrcy heard, and was relieved in mind. Of course, the death .of Phyllis was eminently desirable ; but, on the other hand, the death of Dorothy would have been Buch an intolor ablo misfortune that it was better that both sister^ should remain alive. x On the morrow- it was most important that he should see Dorothy as early as possible, and with this end in view tho Hon. Darcy took a room for tho night at a hotel in tho Hammersmith road, less than a quarter of a mile distant from Lockhart Cottages. Before eight, o'clock ou tho following Sun day morning ho was again in sight of tho little green gate. All the blinds of tho houso were down, and ho was tolling himself that tho inmates must be' late risers, when ono of a group- of women who wero gathered gossip ing round tho door of the sweep's house opposite approached him. 'Are you a-wanting one of them young ladies as lives in that 'ouse ?' she inquired. ' Yes,' he answered, bestowing ono of his sweetest smiles on the questioner, Sho was forty-five and took in washing, but sho coloured high with pleasure and drew down her rolled-up sleeves. ' They are old friends and relatives of mine,' he went on, ' and I am anxious to know how they are.' ' I'm afraid you've como atabad time,' the . woman said ; ' one of tho young ladies died suddenly last night, so they're saying.' ' -5ne of them ! Which one ?' ho faltered, growing palo to tho lips. ' Bless mo, sir, you do look bad ! And as to which it is, I can't rightly say. They're that alike I never could tell ono from the other, and though they've lived hero a good while they've beon so quiet aud so kep' themselves to themselves you'd 'vo 'ardly known they was there. But you ring, sir, and ask that old servant of theirs what's happened. She's a very close, stuck-up, old body, but in tho case of a gentleman like you, and a relative, too, she's bound to tell you the truth.' Darcy thanked her, hesitated a moment, and then, with trembling hand, pulled the bell by the gate of No, 4. There was a delay of sonio minutes before his riug was answered. Dorothy's eyes had fallen on him from an upper window, and had remained fixed upon him in fascinated horror. Thoro stood hor sister's murderer, and on tho bod, by which see herself had knelt all night in tearless agony, lay his victim, with quiet faco and still, cold hands. Meeting Darcy, as slso had done, close to thocottago on tho preceding evening, Dorothy had no doubt at all that it was tho shock of seeing him which had killed her sistor. It was tho ono thing needed to complete tho full sum of her. reckoning against him — a scoro ho could hardly pay with his lifo. ' Oh, heaven punish him for mo !' burst from her lips as sho fell on her knees by her dead Bister's. foot. 'Punish him, I pray, for all tho evil thnt ho did against my poor, dead darling ! Mako him suffer as sho suffered, mako him despised, hated and known tor tho thing ho is! And, above all, take him from my sight — let mo uot seo him, lest I should bo temptod to kill him ?' Passionato tears burst from hor eyes, tho first tears sho had shod since that terriblo homo-coming of tho previous evening. Tho memory of hor Bister's ruined life and the swift tragedy of her doath worked like mad ness in hor brain. If heaven wore just, that man should bo made to suffer for his sins, and yot how could heaven bo' just and Phyllis bo doad ? Sho was still crouched at tho foot of tho bod, her frame shaken by. sobs, when Cress well eutorod tho room. ' There's a gentleman ringing at the gato, Miss Dorothy,' she said, timidly. ' A tall, fair young gentleman. Am I to answeryit ?' ' Yob !' criod Dorothy, springing up with a florae light in her eyes. ' Go to tho gato, aud if ho questions you, toll him that his wife is doad — Mrs. Darcy Derrick.'' ' Do you know what you are Baying, Minn P' Dwiaawnll aalrnri. fvirrTitnnnrl Yiv Dorothy's wild looks. ' Poor MiBS Phyllis — ' ' Was Mrs. Darcy Dorrick — that man's wife 1 Go and toll him that sho is dead !' Puzzled, troubled, and vory ill at oaso, CrosBwoll rnado hor way to tho gato. Her late mistross had, so sho know, being cruelly deceived and deserted by some desporatoly wicked man. But Oroawell had understood his narao to bo Trovolyan, and novi that this other HRmo was suddenly announced to hor for tho first time, and sho was sont to faco tho villain in quostion, her knoos trembled with alarm; and indignation. Daroy on his part saw a little, olderly woman, vory palo and rod- eyed, but, as it seemed to him, of sot, stern cast of features and expression. ' What.do you want ?' sho asked, sharply, without opening tho gato. 'I want my wife,' ho answorod boldly, ' Mrs. Daroy Derrick.' -?? ' ' Your wife, Mrs. Daroy Dorriok, died at half- past eight yesterday evening,' Orosswoll answered, repeating the words, as a lesson. _ Daroy 's forehead grow wot with, agitation and excitement. Twice ho tried to spoak, bufc his throat 'was so dry ho could not at first form tko words. 'It is imposBiblo !' burst from him at last, ' I can't, I won't boliovo it ! I can't stand 'talking horo with all thoso pooplo about. Lot mo in, Orosswoll ; I havo a groat deal to say to you. I know all about you. You must lot 'mo in. I havo a ri)«;ht to bomo.' ' I know nothing about that, sir. I havo no ordors to admit yon.' ' Did Miss Knight soud you to mo P' 'Yos.' ' Look horo, Orosswoll, I don't want to soo Misb Knight. I havo nothing to say to hor. But you must lot mo soo ray wifo or I will never boliovo sho is doad.' . 'If you don't bolioVo that, you had bettor ask tho dootor,' . rotorted Orosswoll, and boforo Ino oould speak again sho turned hor back on him and rogainod tho house. Tho Hon. Daroy mado his way at onoo to tho houso, of Dr, Wontworth, but tho doctor boing out on 1ub rounds his visitor had to wait two hoars, boforo his roturu. In tho moan timo tho dootor had called at Lookhar ?i Cottages aud had clearly heard there some thing unfavourable to Mr. Darcy Derrick, for he greeted the latter with marked coldness, aud did not even ask him to sit down. ' You must forgive mo for troubling you,' Darcy began ; ' but tho report has reached mo that my dear wife was a patient of yours, and that she is now lying dead at 4 Lockhart Cottages.' ' Is this your name ?' Dr. Wentworth asked, pointing to the card Darcy had given him. ' Yes.'. ' Then you have heard aright, A lady, whom I now know to be the Hon. Mrs. Davcy Dorrick, died at that address last night.' ' My poor darling !' exclaimed Darcy, breaking down together in a fit of uncon trollable grief. Tears rushed from his eyes and ho sank on a chair, burying his face in his hands. The doctor watched him for a few seconds witli rather a sarcastic expression. Having behold Dorothy's grief, he was but littlo touched by Darcy's. ' If you will pardon mo,' he said, looking at his watch, ' 1 have so many appointments to- day ? ' ' Ono moment, doctor ! What was the cause ?of my poor wife's death ?' 'Failure of tho heart's action.' '' ' I must see her,' criod Daroy, springing from his seat and beginning to pace wildly about the room. ' You can have no idea how I loved hor. Wo had beon cruelly separated through the wicked schemes of her sister, who was jealous of hor. I only lived to bo reconciled to her, aud now sho has been snatched away from me by death ! Do you think her end was hastened in any way Y — do you think that it waB all tho result of an accident P' ' I do not understand you, sir. Your wifo is dead, arid I have told you tho cause of her death. Your private affairs, if you will par don mo for saying so, do not concern mo.' With that Dr. Weutworth rang the bell for a servant to show Mr. Derrick to the door. Still in a state of hysterical excitement, the Hon. Darcy repaired to tho hotel whore he had spent the preceding evening, and at once ordered a bottle of whisky, a siphon of soda, and pens, ink, and paper, Phyllis should know what he thought of hor before another hour went by, and, under tho combined effect of grief, rage, baffled love, venomous spite and, repeated application to the spirit bottlo, ho indited tho following letter to his. supposed sister-in-law : ' Phyllis : No doubt you think you triumph now that your sister, my beautiful Dorothy, my wifo, and tho only woman I havo over truly loved, is dead and cold. In your bitter, crazy jealousy, you will not oven lot mo seo hor faco again, knowing, as you must do, that I lovo hor dead body a million times bettor than I could over care for your living. But for yon and your evil influence, Dorothy and I would havo been happy together all theso mouths. Sho was moaut for mo, put into tho world for me, and but for you coming, liko a poor faded ghost of her, between us, wo, should havo boon together now, as wo ought to bo. I only cared to look at you becauso of your likeness to hor, for I worshipped hor from hor pbrtraits long boforo I saw hor, and you wero jealous even of thom. You may, perhaps, in rour wrotched, insane infatuation for me, bo hugging to yourself tho thought that now that my wifo ia dead I may let you take hor place. But in this you aro utterly mistaken. Long ago I wearied of tho sight of you, and now I absolutely hate you. Nothing shall ever in duce mo to look at you again. Don't attempt to hold any communication with mo — I repu diate you altogothor. I never lovod you, you havo no claim upon mo at all, and I don't care what becomes of you. I found you out solely through my doop, my passionate and unaltor 'ablo love for my wife Dorothy — lovo so intouso that whorovor sho wont I had to follow hor. Had sho lived I would havo won hor back to mo tliough all tho forces of hoavon and hell stood between us. But now that sho is doad I shall only stop in this neighbourhood long enough to follow hor to tho gravo, wheroin all my hopes of happiness will bo buried with hor. Prom that dark moment you need never hope to seo or hoar from mo again. ' Dauoy Dkkkiok.' (To ho contimiecl.) 