OUR AMERICAN SPECIAL'S BUDGET. BOXING, THE TURF, WRESTLING, ATHLETICS, AND SPQRT GENERALLY. GRIFFO BRILLIANT AS EVER, BUT LAPSES INTO HIS OLD HABITS. | THE WORLD'S CHAMPIONSHIP NEXT MONTH; ! SENSATIONAL BATTLE BETWEEN CHOYNSKI AND M 'COY. M'Govern, Champion Bantam of the Universe — Peter Jackson's Close Call — Recovering, but Physically Broken Up. Doings and Gossip of Yankee Sportdom. (By W. W. NATJGHTON.) ? *.-*- -. '' ] T^HE year 1900 came in with a flourish ot flats. Tho petulant pop of tho padded hand has been heard to some purpose, and if January 1b to be regarded as a fair samplo of the. months that stretch between us and next Yulotide, I8!)i)'s reputation as the banner year of pugilism will soon liic lter and fade. The new year was but a few hours old when Kid M'Coy, with his little corkscrew punch, sent Peter Maher to the land o' dreams in that bleak barracks known as tho Coney Island Athletic Club. ^A week later Terry M'Govern, the newest thing in foather- weights, battered- George Dixon to tho floor in the big barn on Lower Broad way, New York. In the same shambling edifice (the Broadway Athletic Club), ou January 12, Kid M'Coy tried again, and, strange to relate, went near to receiving his quietus at the hands of Joe Choynskl. The nimble Kid was floored time and again in the second -round, and a. bungle in the timing department sent the men to their, ehairs when only two minutes had elapsed. In the very next round M'Coy landed a l:nock-out punch' after corners had sounded. Then there was turmoil. Brferee White declared in M'Coy's favor, because, as he afterwards, contended, Choyn ski refused to leave his chair for the fourth round. ? Choynski's seconds held that their man was dazed, inert — in fact, 'dead to the world' V-troni the effects of that sockdqlo ger M'Coy served him with after hours, while the crowd howled: 'Jobbery,' 'Rob- bery.' 'Kill the referee,' nnd made other pertinent and spirited remarks of a similar character. The men are to box again on February 20, but of this more anon. . TIIE WORLD'S CHAMPIONSHIP. One of the moat interesting developments of the mouth, apart from the defeats arid victories thai have limome part and par cel-of flstlo history, was tho. announcement that tho Championship, go between Jeffriea. and Corhdtt. \ybuld take place on March 15 next In this country, and that tho invasion of Paris uchemc had died in its swaddling Uotbes AH hinds) of surmises have been indulged in , regarding this sudden determination of Jeffrtes to don his warpaint again. The -official reason forthcoming is that the Champion. has tired of the stage and its glamor. -.-'Ho* is anxious to grip a pair of flve-otmco mittens and crouch before an adversary in a twenty- four foot enclosure. ,An Unofficial. version is that the Jeffries' -histrionic tour is a financial frost, and that tho boilerhsiker and his manager recognise that '.'rcally-truly' flghtinE is tho only game that will bring thb money in chunks. There are sido whispers to the effect that: M'Coy'' performance .with Mater had som'e ?thing to do with making Jeffries throw oil his -reserve, that the. fickle public were'too much Inclined to rave- about- the Kid, and that '.Jeff, and wily Billy Brady were fear ful that M'Coy and Bob Fitzsimmons might get In aud nialie a match. Of course, if anything like that had como to pass, Jef fries would- havo had to take a back seat for thG time being Sure enough Fltz. and M'Coy were talk ing fight just about tho .lime Jeffries de clRred himself, but that might have been a mere coincidence. Wo wero all expect ing to hehr that a match had been arranged between the Hoosier and the Corulshman when Manager Brady sprung his little' stir prise. His opening announcement was to to tho effect that Jeffries wanted to get inlo harness again .just, as quickly as a suitable opponent coitlil be found, ? and ? that . the Coampion \rm id be t prepai ed to step into the ring four weeks from date. Corbett reminded Brady that he had llrot call on Jeffries' attention, and aslted what all tho undue haste was about. 'For oue .thing.', said Brady, 'Jeffries i tired of hearing it said that ho is 'not anxious to light. Ho will light you' in four weeks' time, and he will give Sbarkey a chance four weeks later Well I must have a little more Hint than that to prepare myself Corbett is quoted as saying. . 'I . have been taking things i/iby and It isn't sportsm-uiliki to try and1 rush matters now when I thought I had iimtil next September to get. ready. Moreover Corbett luformod Brady, so the story kocs, tliat he would not stand aside for anybody; the upshot being thut. March 15 was dually settled upon as the date of tho Corbett- Jeffries go. JDFFKIES AND SH\RKin AC UN In toiling of Jeffries' willingness to tackle Shuikcy is soon as he was through with Corbett. Brady said that the offer was' a conditional one. ,'Jeffriea will have nothing to do with Sharkey if ti'Rourke acts as his second or adviser. O'Rourko must keep away from the ring or Slmrkey will. have to go without a fight,' is the way Brady put it. Sharl ey who wns it Hot Spiings Ark when he learned of the situation, replied that he was prepared to break awav from O'Uourko euiirely if such a step became ne cessury in ordur to secure a match with JoHrles. The .'Bailor: also volunteered the information that' it was O'Rourke who per suided him igqinst his will to accept Slier as referee of. the last fight, and that being too easily led by-' O'Rourke: in the matter bad cost him the Championship of the World It looked. for a while as if (here would bo a' serious breach between tho sailor uud the man who is looking after his interests O'Kourke said a few pointed things himself. one of them being that he had a hard and fast contract with Sharkey, and that it had a year to run. 'I may not make his matches,' said the man from Boston, 'but I'll bo thero to col lect my percentage every time ho fights ? As I understand It, however, a peace was patched up when Sharkey '.returned to Now York, nnd now manager and man will .work together harmoniously in an endeavor to bring Jeffries to terms Meanwhile Jeffries has experienced a change of heart, if Brady's most recent ut torancec reflect the sentiments of tho hoilermokor 'Why should wo fight Sharkey again ' Brady is quoted as saying in Philadelphia a few days ago. 'There is no reason why we should give him another match, and every reason why wo should not, at least just now. Jeffries has whipped Sharkey twice, and another battlo would kill the light pictures at present exhibiting. Shar key 13 like so much money in bauk for us. Whoh the pictures fail to pay we will fight Sharkey again.' ? Sharkey says ho will do all in his power to get on with Jeff., and, failing In the at tempt, will go abroad, taking Bob Arm strong as a sparring partner. THE SAILOR COMING TO AUSTRALIA. : *'I will meet 'all-comers,' said Tom, 'anil expect to attend the Paris Exposition. After that I may visit South Africa, if things there are in a more settled condition, and I may also journey as far as Australia. I won't leave until after tho Corbett-Jeffries fight though, for I want to be on hand to publish my challenge.' If a story that reached here from Chicago recently is true, Sharkey is not likely to be In the right physical trim for a bruising contest for many a moon yet. It was said that his wrenched left shoulder, still troubled him, and that his broken -rib was merely held in place by an clastic harness especially designed for him by a Chicago firm. I hardly think the seaman's plight is as bad as represented. [Since this. was written, Sharkey has been heard from. He says it's all a lurid Ue; that he wears no TERRY M'GOVERN, OHAMl'ION BAXTAJMVEIGHT OF. THE. WOULD. harness, end Is fit to fight at. a moment's .notice.— W.W.N.] To return to Corbotl. Just as soon as definite arrangements were made 'for .the March go with Jeffries; .Corbott. began to look /around for a liainer -and sparring piTtncr It A\as given oul that ho had so Ltircd the ben ices of Kid M*Coy, and that l'onipadour lim would, iu .ill probability, locite at Miildoon's White Plain's . . estab lishment. . The news surprised some of us, for wo- remembered the Corbott crowcUliiul. said 'unkind: things about Miildoon's official timekeeping at Carson, and 'that Muldooii had been duly resentful ever since. While we wero wondering, word came West that M'Coy, had thought better of , It all, aud that ho would not act as Corbett's lieute nant. '1 may bo called upon to fight Corbett myself in tho near future, and it would not be right to become a membcr'of his camp,' was the only reason offered by the Kid. Corbett than, made a dicker with Gus Ruhlln, BiUy Madden's championship can didate.- - It- is said thut Ruhlin is to re ceive ono thousand dollars for acting as Corbctt's aid, and that Madden, in Ruhlin'g behalf, has stipulated that there' be no strhugcrg present when the men are prac tising with the gloves. Madden considers that Ruhlln, having boxed a draw with Jeffries in San Fran cisco, will he of material assistance- to Cor bott. He considers further that -if Ruhlin aud Corbett do their sparring as privately as possible, it will be better for all concern ed. ' Ho believes that bouts at a training camp often partake of the natureof genuino scraps just because there are spectators present, and that when the glove-wielders go it alono feelings of resentment are not aroused by stinging punches.' TOMMY RYAN AND COHiBBTT. Strange to relate, Tommy Ryan, who has been with Jeffries through two champion ship campaigns, is breaking his neck to be come a member of Corbett's training staff. As I understand it, Ryan is miffed because he was not let in on the fight picture pro fits as dcoply as he had looked forward to. Ho says Jeffries isn't the most generous man in the world by a long shot, and he would like lo show his contempt of the bollcrmaker'8 methods by teaching Corbett how to whip him. Corbett, who has developed excellent business traits since his advent in the whisky business, has politely informed Master Tommy that there is no opening for him just now, but that it may be diffe rent a week or so before the fight. This precludes Uin .possibility o£ Rxan boconains acquainted with the secrets of Camp Cor bett and then transferring bis allegiance to Jeffries. Most people remember that when tho Jot ries-Sharkey match was first arranged, Ryan was undecided which Championship candidate ho would work for. Neither had ho any very fixed opinions as to which man's chances looked the rosier. His vision cleared the moment he was engagea as Jeffries' sparring partner, and ho couldn't for the life of him see where Sharkey had a ghost of a snow ot defeating big Jim. I think Corbett shows good sense in plac ing Tommy's application for employment on file. Pugilism make3 us acquainted with strange yoke fellows, and I have a hunch that Ryan will bo seen stepping a measure with Jeffries again at Allenhurst when the training season waxes lively. Corbett has gone into camp*' at Lake wood, a Now Jersey resort. Ruhlin is with him, and so is Joe Choynski, who is intent on giving himself a special prepara tion for his February match with Kid M'Coy. According to all accounts, Corbett and Choynski have become quite friendly Jeffries will betake himself to his old stamping ground at Allenhurst about Feb ruary, 1. Ho doesn't miuee matters' at»all in referring to his go with Corbett. Ho says that he may possibly finish Corbett-in. a. round, and that he is prepared to betrtho fight- won't go over ten rounds. ' ,As a' reason for' being so rude ot speech* Jeff, says: 'Corbott has been telling people how lie used to knock mo out every morn ing bbfqro breakfast at Carson. Now, he never had it in him to knock me out, ana I am. going to show him that the; boot; is on tho other'ieg. Ho may make, some quick passes at me, and do a lot of dancing,. but before the fight goes very far I'll land a. punch on. him that will put Fitzsimmons' : solar plexus smash entirely in the shade.' ?' JEFF.'S TRAINING- ARRANGEMENTS. Billy Brady says that neither Tommy Ryan nor Billy Delaney will havo anything to do with Jeffries' ti-aitring this time. Jack Jeffries will have charge of the gym nasium and. masssago room,' and a couple. ' of husky athletes will be engaged to:takQ/, part in tho exercises. :-'. ? ' ' Jeffries will hayo- as. guests a 'full-fledgea company of stock actors. For that matter, ho will bo one of tho. company himself. This is n scheme of Brady's for economising ? time. . He has billed Jeffries for a starring tour. in his new play, 'The. Roughrlder,' and the idea Is to have the company, and the boilermaker rehearse daily at thetrain ing quarters. The tour will -begin on ' March 17, two days after the fight. '? It will thus be seen that timo will 'not hang on Jeffries' hands, and that thero will bo ; no opportunity for him to mope whllo conditioning himsolf for the fight vdthCor bo'tt. It is highly probable that the entire operations at Camp Allcnhurst will acquire a melodramatic twang after a week of tho kind of thihgoutlined, and I should not be surprised to hear of the Champion and his sparring partner getting off such old stand bys as .'.'Havo a. care' and 'Unhand me vil lain' while ? mauling each other , with the gloves. . ? Tho Maher-M'Coy fight did not prove a Bonanza for the promoters. On the con trary, they lost money by it. Possibly too many potiponements spoiled the attraction. Tho articles called for a puree o£- twenty thousand dollars, ' but at flglrting time tho 'gale'. at Coney Island amounted to barely, sixteen! thousand dollars. , . . .'.' . It was ii bitterly cold afternoon,, and tho dead game sports who left their happy homes -that. New Year's Day to witness tho big mill -were chilled through, and through. To make matters worse, there was a delay of nearly tv.o hon-s Tho contest v,as schodultd for 3.30, and it did not begin until 317 To' begin' with; M'Coy. wanted the twenty thou p'aced in some responsible parson's hands. -'.' Tlio' men subsequently agreed to bos. for too gross leceipls, and the half fio en spectators wero compelled to wait while tho coin was being counted out and handea over to Uie custodian. Wheu the HsMeis came 'nto tho ring thero was abothoi hitch ll'Cw encased, his haudb In an old pair of Loang glo\es, and refused to discard them for tho mittens furnished by the Uuli Pocer lcfubed to too tho scratch until M'Coy changed his hand wear, aud tho onlookers groaned It :wa3 said- M'Coy was simply following out a. programme b' which ho hoped to ha\e Petei e\asperatod beforn tho real business of the attLrnoon bc^.m II' COY AND 3LV1UJR Referee .White brought matters to a focu§. Ho said lie would order the men to tho centre, arcl llij.1 -Uuchovei man failed ta toe the scr.itch, pi eparcd to fight in accord ance with tho ai tides befoie Uiil limit ex pired, would bo disqualified Ou hearing this M'Coy lost no timo in e\ch-msing old gloves foi new onc^, and before many min utes elapsed the he.!A } -w eights v,e.e haid at it Jl'Coy had things lus own way from the stait Ue planted. Uis lightning; Icfc tv, .ce .in succession on the Irishman's frontispiece, and Ihcu flooied him with a, light-hand jolt Peter madp a b^e at tompt to get to close quarters when ho arose, but the Kid was either there with a, punishing left stop oi dancing away in a uutalising manner, «hile Maher vainly pawed ' mo air.i- ????? - ????..... . It was tho tame thing over and over again for three rounds. M'Coy, with tho aid of a 'twisty' left-hander, which has come 'to ho ,knowu ns 'the corksciew punch,' peppered Tetoi's face incessantly. The Kid also hurt Peter with right-hand body blows. Mohcr was down heavily in. the secpud round, anil to~most of those pre sont it.looked as if M'Coy might have com ploted his task then uud there. Peter mauuged'to steady himself in tho fourth- runud He pinned the Hoosior against tho ropes, and got In sorao heavy smashes on ribs mid stomach M'Coy act ed as it tired, and it looked as it the tido had turned. The Kid was brisk enough in tho fifth; louud, though. Ho uewlldeicd the Irish man with the lapldlty of his assaults, and Peter's. 'head was nearly knocked from his shoulders. Ono of tho scribes who. report- ed tho fight likened M'Coy's tactics to thoso ofa'cat playing with a mouse. In making his final effort, H is said that M'Coy fairly, sprung- at' his opponent from a distance. Ho inatlo' uso of his left corkscrew punch. As near as-I-can get at it, the trick con sists, of- deflecting the gloved. flsL when thfl (Continued on Page 7.) . OUR AMERICAN LETTER' ; (CONTINUED FROM PAGE 1.) , arm is halt extended, and turning the knuckles during tho delivery until the back ot .tho hand la parallel with tho victim's mouth. . . : ;?'? Tho blow landed on Mahor's chin, and M'Coy turned and walked to his cornor with never a glauce at hl3 fallen adversary. He evidently know that ho had roached.tho right 3pot. ,,' ???-:,.'? -. Followers ot pugilism are case-hardened as a rule. . They frcoly yield their -monoy for tho privilege of witnessing tho sport, but aiich a thing as a gutiural lament over tho misfortunes of some hadly-battcred bruiser Is a thins almost unknown. Tho case of George Dixon wa3 an. exception, however. The hearts of tho onlookers wont out to the marvellous lltllo ibrowh. skin, when they saw him with' glazed eyes and quivering sidos, smashed to tho floor again and i. .again by , all-conquering' Terry M:Goyorn at tho Broadway Club, New York, on tho night of January !!. It was almost a foregone conclusion, of course; that .M'Govern .would . win. Wise bettors made. him a 2 to.l favorite, but they wore given to guessing in tho first few rounds of the mill, for' Dixon started off with somcthing;ot his oldrlimo' dash, and did brilliant work while \r his '. condition lasted. - ? They say lie had Terry flghting.wlld onco or. twice, .and. In tho third round Master Terry's knee grazed tho mat after one ve hement left up. swing from tho ? chocolatc hucd wonder. But even while Dixon was exciting the hopes of his backers, the youngster from over the river was accom plishing tho -undoing of the same llttlo mannikln who had ruled the roost in his class for a dozen years. . , 'M'GOVmN'S BODY-BATTERING TACTICS. ?It was tho terrible body battering that weakened Dixon and laid him low in the end. The rules permitted of hitting In the clinches, and tho hoys further agreed to protcet'lhonisplves 'in the break.' During the early rounds M'Govern accepted Goorgo'a loftfiicers for the privilege of get itlng.ln ?rlbrroastors'nt eloso range, and 'during tho . fourth round ' It -became patent to' the -watchers that Terry had his rival 'on thogo.'. In tho sixth round Dixon was simply .fighting 'on. his courage,' as they say over hero, -and at the end of tho seventh ho reeled like a drunken man a3 he went to his chair. Ills face was bruised by thl3 time,' for M'Govorn, finding ho had thi- fight well in hand, had begun to smash at ; tho. head; ? ? In tho eighth and final round Dixon was knocked down no less than eight tlrhc3. After each fall M'Govern slood away and watched him, and they say it was pitiable to see tho one-timo world-beater trying to pull' himself together for a, supreme effort. Towards 'the end Dixon tried to weather tho round by holding on to h!s;stiiro'y oppo nent, but ho was too far gone, ana it -was no trick for M'Govern to push him away and floor him again. In the long run O'Rourlto throw up the spengc. . The round at the tlmo had only a few seconds to run, and while O'hourku, after a' fashion, made good his boast' that Georgo Dixon would ? never be knocked out, rcferco'Johnnio White handed down a de cision to the effect that M'Govern was en titled to the credit of. a knock-out, and all the bets that hinged upon a knock-out. The referee decreed further 'that anyone who tried to withhold a wager on tho score that there had been no knock-out was a welcher puro and simple. , ' There is a scheme afoot now to give Dixon ii-monster benefit, .and there: is every reason for believing that a large sum will: be realised. If all promises are kopt, Dixon will never bo seen- in a prize ring again. So passelh. one who has earned tho right to be styled 'the greatest fighter that over llvnfl' . THT3 CHOYNSKI-M'COY AFFAIR. Strange to say, tho Cboynski-M'Coy con test proved more sensational than any of tho January evonts. Before it took place little or no Interest ''wns evinced in it. It was known that M'Coy und consented to tako the place ot Joo Walcotl, the negro, wl!0.wa3 matched; to ;1jox Choynskl, but had to beg 'off on account of. a broken hand. 'It. was roporled on'. all sides as rt cinch .for Ki'CIoy,' nr.d everywhere, from San iTrar.-, Cisco to .New York, tho sports ?were betting ?J to.l- that M'Coy would win. At that -no one ': looked for a particularly, brutal battle, but it was argued that M'Coy, with !iis; Now Year's honors thick upon- hi7n. would extend himself sufficiently to make euro of the, decision1. Tho story was around New York that neither man had given himself any pro-, paration to speak of, but for all tho sus picions and rumors, a big crowd rolled up to sec tho mill. When tho battlo began all whispers in regard to apro-arranged tight w.?-'o hushed, for: itwas. seen, that Choynski was going for his man open-mouthed. Ho reached the 11050 wi th the left, and M'Coy repaid him in kind. TheyVstood . closo togother, and whanged away merrily, and when the bell rang it looked a very oven thing. ?M'Coy was more watchful at, the begin ning ot tho1 second round. lie was there with a f loft hook,' and danced out of: the way of a right cross. Choynski, in his cagorncss, overbalanced, but was soon In position again. He waited for M'Coy, and drew back from a loft. As M'Coy .tried again Joo countered him squarely with tho right, and down went M'Coy. -It was the beginning of a series of tumbles for the 'Kid,' and on most occasions ho took the limit. Between falls, ho; fought viciously. Thoy bothidld, in fact. ; To quote one. of, the reports, 'the men .went at each other liko rough-and-tumble brawlers, and it took all the strength tho referee could muster, to' separate, them.' Choyiiski was down once; but it wns moro of a slip than anything else. Ho was the stronger ot the two, and his fierce lefts crushed M'Coy's nose. After one knock down, tho last in that particular round, tho1 TIMEKEEPER SAYS THE 'KID' .WAS OUT. ' Referee Johnnie White und many others thought the ringing of the bell indicated that the round had ended. There was great 'contusion1,'' in'; tho. midst of which the offi cial timekeeper was making frantic efforts to utirncl attention and explain' something. When ho could get a hearing, tho time keeper said ho had rung the bell because M'Coy ;wn» down twelve seconds. , 'Nolhiug'of tho kind,' said tho referee. 'I am doing the counting, and M'Coy was on liis feet 'When 1 raid 'nine.1 ' At that timo forty seconds of the three niiuuu-ti remained, and Choyiiskl, wlio ap peared to understand the situation, went to tho centru to iesumo Uio lighting. 'Tho turmoil ? continued,-, ho'wovoiv and boforo order could' bo restored tho ' bell* clanged1 once more, signalling tho.ond of the second rcuud. , . ' Wlion tho third round began tho fighters sprang at each other liko Kilkenny eats. M'Coy was the first to seoro effectively, scndliii: Ghoynskl to tho Moor with a right swing. Joe got to his foot and sta(!k'crcd townrJs the ropes. M'Coy pressed in, and lut go both hands, at tho head. Then ho poircd himself to' deliver a kjock-out right, but wailed too long, and was sent reeling with a swift left on tho chin. They clashed together In raldrlng, Choyuskl get ting homo with- tho left, and I'ho 'Kid' with tho right. The -blows landed simul taneously, and both m-su fell to the lloor. They nroso again, and were hard at it when tho gong rang. ' , This Id whoro iroublo No. 2 began, Choynski claiming thnt ho dropped Ills .hands and started for his corner, and that M'Coy deliberately smashed him with tho right and put him out. M'Coy says that the blow was on' ita way whon the boll rang- and that all tho klug's horses and all' the kliig's men c6uldn't havo pulled it back. Tnat tho rofereo was ot tho opinion that the blow was 'perfectly fair can ho gauged from the fact that ho did uot penalise M'Coy. ' Choynski, with legs tcalllng, was dragged to Ilia corner. Some of his seconds .tried to bring him around, ajid others appealed to tho referee to award the light to Choynskl' on a foul. Tho reforeo simply told them that if Choynski did not answer tho bell for tho fourth round he would declare M'Coy the winner. Choynski did not answer the bell. Some are of tho opinion Chat ho was still In Dreamland when tho summons sounded, und others again declared that he was fully alive to all that was passing, but that he had had enough for that particular evening. JOE THE VICTIM OF A CONSPIRACY. : Tho New York papers took sides. Some regardod.lt us a conspiracy to job Choynskl and make money by betting on a sure thing. A canvas when tho thing was a' couple of days old made it reasonably cer tain that there was not botting onongh- to excito anyone's cupidity. . It might almost bo said that thero was no hotting, for every one scorned to regard M'Coy as a Buro winner. The plain ?truth, ot tho ? caso is ? that Choynskl, through tho bungling ot an over zoalous timekeeper, was deprived of the credit and .the fruits of. an Important vic tory. Granting .even that the referee had made a mistake of a couple of seconds in M'Coy'u favor, the 'Kid' was in such a stnggery, ? daae'd condition that he would (surely have boon knocked out completely during the minute that rcmainea. But Mr. Timekeeper wanted to count the fallen man out on his own account, oblivious to Che fact that in Now. York the referee al ways does tho counting. In trying to do this ho' started, the .'llttlo bell clattoring, and created contusion. In' the midst of it all M'Coy had timo to -recuperate thorough ly', and — you know tho rest. What will- bo tho. result .when tho pair meet again ?? M'Coy, piq-uod by tho ad vorse criticism , which followed the last affair, has''- made the' suggestion- that the winner of tho. bout on .February 20 tako Gltll'FO AS HE WAS IN JANUARY. LAST. everything. It is not liRoly that Ciioynski will be a party to this. Neither is it likely, in my. opinion, that Choynskl will ever go ns near to defeating M'Coy as ho did on tho night of February 12. But the ring Is payed with surprises, ami it may be that tho ?inventor; of the corkscrew, punch is to have his measure taken -by the California Hebrew. Fltzsimmons is talking fight in a listless way. M'Coy: called .on. him soon after the Now Year tattle at- Coney Island, and sug gested -making' a match, it is thought by many that It was the rumor that M'Coy and FUz&lmnions; might sign articles that brought Joffiics back into the business with a bound. On tho occasion referred to, Fltzsimmons answered M'Coy as follows: — ''I have 'not retired -from tho ring, ana many of these wiso fcllSws will hoar from mo pretty soon. I am going to fight again, and will raeut all-comers. Just now I am matched to light Jack M'Cbrmaok in Phi ladelphia. I will tal:o on a, couple of short 'iuihm drat': and t.hon I will bo prepared to fight anyone, and will give you' the first chance if you so wish. When I enter the ring next time you, can bet I won't be caught napping.' JIM AND BOB DON'T SPEAK AS THEY PASS BY. ? It Is said that Fitz and Jim Corbott met at Woods' gymnasium, New York, one afternoon recently, but did not pass tho timo ot day. This was beforo Corbett went to Lakewood. It appears that the1 rival honvy-welghts wore in .the habit ot work-, ing at Woods' gymnasium at , different hours. On tho particular d,iy in question Ihpy put in an appearanco .at tho same timo. -I ' ' Bob had a. sparring partner, and so had Jim, and they set to at opposite ends of the gallery. It is bald that each ot the big fellow's was' inclined to 'show off,' and that their respectivo sparring partners caino.in for some lusty clouts. Occasion ally the heavy-weights watched each other out of tho corners of their eyes, and It was then that tho sparring partners got back at them. ' Later in tho day Fltss declared that Corbett would boat Jeffries to a certainty. Thcro havo been small fights galoro this month, but few of them were worth men tion even if 1 had tho space to devote to them. Spike Sullivan and George M'Fad den fought « vicious draw at yio Broadway, Now York, on tho night of January o. It w.is a great month for the Macs, by the wav, as a reference to tho doings of M'Coy, M'Govern, and M/Fadden will 'on'iho same night (January 5) Al.'.Noill and Jack O'BTlen, a Philadelphia mlddle wolKht boxed in San Francisco. Noill did. tho hotter work, and had his man going in the loth round. Whilo forcing O'Brien acioss tho ring the Pbiladelplnan struck out blindly, and Nolll received a blow in the groin: at least, that's whero he said ho vraj struck, and his actions made It appear ai it ho was tho recipient of a foul blow. , Just as soon as O'Brien could collect his wits ho boro down on the disabled ban Franciscan,- and tried to knock him out. Ho bad plenty of opportunity, but.hndnt tho requisite steam. A polieo captain jumped lnw the ring and ordered the con test stopped on the score that Nelll was helpless Referee Hiram Cook therefore declared the contest a draw, and tho men will box again- next month. The Phlladolpbiun has complained loudly that he was robbed, but, to my way ot thinking, he is a very lucky fellow. I am satisfied that he did not foul Neill inten- tlou.illv. In Tact, I don't believe ho knows, what happened. 'Ho was 'on tho go, and if tho mishap hadn't occurred.'Mr. O'Drlcn. of Philadelphia, would never have lasted Griffo, the unspeakable, is at his old pranks. Ho was taken out of the insane asylum by George Dawson and other friends, and given a fresh start in the world. He had a couple ot limited bouts in Chicago, and showed flashes of his old form, and now he is in the gutter again. GRIFFO ON THE RACKET AGAIN. The following, from a Chicago paper, tells the story:— 'Albert Griffiths, known to pugilism and famo aa 'Young Griffo,' and virtually dragged out of a grave within three months, has fallen again. The marvellous young boxer from the Antipodes has taken to the cup, and it looks as though he is now in a fair way back to degradation and ruin. After making all manner ot promises and vowing by all that he esteemed good never to touch another drop of liquor, Griffo went to the bad yesterday, and is imw walking the streets in a maudlin condition. "George Dawson, who took the boxer out ot the Dunning Insane Asylum, and re- stored him to something ot his old-time form, is disgusted. He clothed him, housed him, and finally sent him to Carlisle, Pa., to build up. He then brought him back to Chicago, kept him in his own house, and trained him for his re-entrance to the ring. All this without any financial interest, and with the notion only of putting his fellow countryman on his feet. "Griffo had been filling a week's en- gagement at a local theatre at a profitable salary, and conducted himself admirably until yesterday. 'There is nothing on earth to save him now,' says a physician and friend of the Australian last night, n discussing the case. 'He is the most frail bit of humanity in a mental way that ever lived.' Georgo Lavigne, ox-champlon of the light-weight division, has gone to France, and his old-timo manager, Sam' Fitzpat- rick, has departed for England with a light-weight named Tommy Hogan, who is to fight Bill Chester across tho water.' Australian Jim Ryan is along with the Fitzyatrick party. , Many of the boxers and manngers around Now York aro looking for openings else where, under the impression ,(.hat tho Hor lon Law is to be repealed. QSRourke, I ben Hove, is negotiating for an interest in one of tho San Francisco clubs. Boxing orga nisations in this city aro licensed affairs now, each one having to pay ono thousand dollars a year tor tho prlvllogo of con ducting glovo contests. But, while many aro ot opinion that tho Corbett- Jeffrloa match will bo the last to bo brought off in New York for many moons,, I do not think so. I believe the Horton Law will be amended somewhat, and that it will stand. Jeffries and Corbott, I see, havo fixed upon February 1 as tho closing day for bids tor their contest. It is expected that' bids t will be forthcoming- from the Coney Island) Broadway, Utlca, and Buffalo clubs. Thero is the usual talk ot a bid from San Fran oisfo, but it will bo for boosting purposes only 'if over it is- made. Brady says he has received a proposition from tho Paris Hippodromo (suggestive name !). The JJlppodromo will givu n'.'pbv contacc, with a guarantee ot 125,000 francs, ?the contest to tako placo in Paris during tho month of July or August. 'As both Corbett and JeHr.les are anxious' to have the fight tako place on tho date selected— March 15— it is, probable that tho Parisian; offor Will bo: overlooked. THE WORLD'S CHAMPION GOING TO PARIS. Joftries purposed going to Paris during the ? Sunuher, and says ho will fight in that city for tho world's championship in case ho defends the title successfully In his go with Corbott. The rumor- mongers are wondering who will be Jeffries' opponent in Paris, and the three names most promj notly mentioned aro Smirkey, .M'Coy, and Fitxsimmons. , Talking of 'form In fighters,' hero is a cute conceit from a ?Philadelphia follower of the . boxing game. He avers that his 'dope' is correct, and claims to have made if clear ; that' :bantam- champion ?. Terry M'Govern Is a bettor .mau than Herculean Jim Jeffries. Here is his- 'form':— 'Jeffries and Ruhlin, draw. Rublin best ed by Kenny,* 10 rounds. Mahcr bested Kenny, 1 round. Goddard, bested Mahcr, 1 round. M'Cormick bested Goddard, u rouaas. Stifft , bested M'Cormick. G rounds. West bested Stiftt, 7 lounds. Sooldy Qulnn bested West, 10 rounds. Wal cott bested Qulnn, 17 rounds. Lavigne bested Walcott, 12 rounds. Brno bested Lavigne, 20 or 25 roundB. Dixon bested Erne, 25 rounds. Plimmer bcslcc. Dixon, 4 ? ro'undc. Palmer bested Plimmor, li rounds.- M'Govern hosted Palmer. 1 round.' After long waiting I received a short let toT from Peter Jackson two weeks ago. Ho tolls me that ho' had a close call, his ail ment belni- pluro-pncumonla. Ho is full ot Waiso.for Dr. Ilnll, of tho Jubileo Hospi tal ? Victoria, who' pulled him through and treated liim with marked kindness while convalescing. Peter says ho has been told by the doctor that ho must 'go South as soon as possi ble '' as Victoria is too damp and cold for him He is too weak to travel yet. Ho will, I havp no doubt, keep me informed regarding his movements. Tom Tracey, formerly of Moloourno, lost to 'Young Peter Jackson' a few nights MAGNUS EMANUEL BECH-OLSEN. ' ago at Stockton. Tracey was a 2 to 1 favo rite. -'Ho fouled:' Jacksou In the seventh round/ . back-'hecllng and falling on him, aud was disqualified. 'jrfce Tnrf. ' .The weather. has been dry and crisp for. weeks, and us. -a result the Winter race tracks on both aides of .the bay are 'light- ning fast.' At Tanforan Pnile (the now course in San Mateo) oil pibatimtay'Maus iiaunockburn, the big brown Sou of Ilaydim Edwards .''dud Bcttlc Blaise, won the Turf Congress stakes in linin 39scc fiat, the fastest1 race, mile ever run in California. The best previous mile wjb Vinetor's, imla SDJsei;, at Sacramento in 1SSG. ?The, Turf Stakes was 'a sensational race, Bannockburn, Geyser (the lavorlte), Zo roaster, and. Advance, Guard being ? all lapped at the finish. Baiinockburu's price was 4 to 1.' On Monday the scene of ^he racing shift ed to Oakland 'and Rosinaule's milo aud a!u eighth on : that' .track yesterday, January' 2't, was within a half-secoml of the world's' records ' Sho 'did Mho -distance in Iminv523oc, and put up a new mark for the Coast. Tho winner is a six- year-old mare by Charaxus —Ethic:-'1 Sho . beat the favorite, l'otente, a ohort nose. The ouly Tod Sloan arrived hero a few days ago in company, with 'Skeots' Martin, another i American f jockey, who. spent :the last season in England. Tod is never bo slobbored to'tinyextont when ho visits the Coast. - 'As a matter of fact, his star seems to ?boidimined lii evory direction just now. Ho :dldi not come hero . to ride, but. has shouldered his {gun,* aud whistled to his dogs, and betaken himself to the marsh03 in quest of canvas-backs. Ho says he came principally: to. orisage Western talent for his theatrical enterprises in London. 'A^fewidays ago a story was cabled here to the bftcctthat Tod would not roceivo his license; tO'Tido in- England again. It isn't quite as bad as that, 1 understand, but thero.ls every jreason for believing that Tod's 'popularity in the tight little island ison1 the nvaue.-. It-is said. that Lord Bores ford has engaged, Tom Weldon, an, English boy,; to do thobulk of his riding, aud that Tod, will play second ilildle. In this connection an Eastern, critic says: — 'The story, iu rofereuco to Tod Sloan not going back :with LordBoresford next season has brought. out tho fact that Lord William is after our own diminutive rider,' Johnny Rolff. A lottor was recently received from. Mr. Wlshard, In which it was said thai Beresford wanted Johnnie as second Jockey. The Relffs are popular in England, bocausa they live pretty nearly the same as Eng lishmen live. They are always to be found, at the sta'blo attending to their duties, 'and their successes do not necessitate their Jiats being made larger.' American turfmen having mado a very, good showing on the English racecourses, are looking aibout for new worlds to con quer. It Is said that during tho coming season Millionaire William K. Vander-bilt ?will havo a big string ot thoroughbreds from American-bred mares on tho French turf1. Germany, too, is to bo Invaded by, 'Barnoy' Schrelbor, the owner of Bannock burn. Ho will take an American trainer and jockey, and in addition to a stable ot useful- performers will ship a lot otyear llngs by Boundless and Foul Shot. Bound less won tho ;Amoriean Derby, In tho World's -Fair year. Foul Shot you:;all know. ' , ' Wrestling. It looks as if wo aro to have anothef plague, of foreign wrestlers. I noticed that, ?after W.'-Ai Brady returned from his Euro -poan 'trip the pictures of big, brawny fel lows appeared in- the Eastern papers, and it -was glvon.out -that sundry c)-ampions of, Italy, .Germany, and other countries had ar rived, or were duo to arrive. In New York. Now it is announced that Magnus Emanuel'Bocli-Olson, of Denmark, 'cham- pion of all Europe,' is matched to wrestlo ? Ernest. Roeber, the American champion, for.it'ho ??world's, championship. The. con- ? illtlons under, which the mon agree to meet aro 'best two in threo falls; straight Graecb Roman, and in holds barred. This will' permit tho wrestlers to employ the strangle 'hnlrt: .' In addition to the inevitable 1'gate,' thero' will, bo a, side, .wnger of . bwo thousand' dollars, and .the 'match' will tako place - somewhere in- the East within: five weeks. ? Beeh-Olsoii began. wrestling in- 1892, and, ha3. nover ;-.'beea defeated. ; Ho says ho has ? flgiirod in 700 .matches. ? .He, is fift.21n high,' ?and weighs 2001b. His measurements are: Chest, 5tin; upper arm, lSIn; lower annV Hln; thigh, 27tn;les,ilSln;incck, Win. , ' ^ A (Me tics. An Eastern special of recent date'.sai'di, — 'At last thc'lahnouhcemcnt can bo made: ?that: tho' :atll(itos.:.ff6m 'Oxford., aud Cam- ? ?bridge will cross thojwater this year, and.1 try conclusion with, tho representatives of., ; Harvard and Yale.','. . , , n-' A correspondent, 'writing from Cam-' bridge, Mass., says:' — 'Harvard men aro busy talking over England's chances. Har v.wd and Yalo'.havo lostsomo men, but Ox ford and , Cambrldgo have also lost. Little' or nothing is known of what tho English.! havo ih.tio way,. of; now- material. But oti tlio oldmon, Adriir lias'lcft for good, Last1., year ho was in tho high jump, taking se— ' coad place, to Captain, Rice, of Harvard.,' Dawson, who, rau. the mile, has gone toi India. . C.R. Thompson, tho 100yds man,; has also lott.for,good. But aside from theso: the English havo their full list of point' winners;1'. with.' them, -while the Americans,, who lost last year, have not all of the men. who -won the events.' ?In the roll of absontces from tho Amori-' can team tho namo of J. F. Quinlan, of Harvard, who won tho. 1 00yds 'dash, , is mentioned. Then there is Fox, of Harvard,, who won the hurdles in such grand style., Of Fox it is said:. 'lie has graduated, and/, is now hurdling through law work.' \ Tom Burke, the old Harvard half- roller,,.' ?will also bo an absentee. On the whole, ' . tho Americans arc thought to have 'small chance against England.' ,, ., i . ', The University of .California will send as .team of athletes East . this Spring. Tho, first track event -will bo with tho Univer- , sity of Pennsylvania, and it will bo neld,in; Philadelphia some timo in May. , ' ' 'A 