WILL LORD HOPETODH GO TO MASS? \ ? . ? We can already hear the busy hum of. preparation for the inauguration of our Commonwealth, and Premier and people are unanimous in their desire to do sufficient honour to Lord Hope toun, our first Governor-General, when he lands to formally witness the first revolutions or tne national maenmery we have so recently erected. But though the general desire is to glorify his way with roses, it cannot be hoped that he will escape those occasional thorns which find their way to even the most flowery paths, and our mixed population and racial and ? religious differences will give the Governor General noble scope for the exercise of tho diplomacy and tact which was so successfully displayed during his term of Governorship in the neighbouring colony of 'Victoria, Fortunately for Australia, and, for tunately, perhaps, for Lord Hopetoun, he is not unfitted for his exalted position, for he is no timid stripling who has committed to memory the unwritten code of diplomacy with the same fidelity, but with far less com prehension, as the arithmetical rules of boyhood. He is no dullard of aris tocratic clubs and Belgravian drawing rooms, whose intellect has only been exercised at whist or over the Derby weights, and who has dogged the Colonial Secretary for something to do until in very despair that official puts leagues of ocean between himself and the importunate petitioner by gift of a vice- royalty beyond his measure and deserts. Lord Hopetoun may not be perfection's very self, but he has had the body politic, social and reli gious, under his observation, and has proved himself a fair adef$ in his ana tomical studies, if the Victorian popu larity he enjoys be passable criterion. As a people he should know us well, and blind to our birthstains, open to our virtues, indulgent to our weak nesses, he will humour with a philo sophic smile the foibles of a suckling nation. It is pleasant to dwell upon this picture of our Governor-General, and it is to be hoped that we have not unduly endowed him with those virtues so essential to the art of governing, so necessary in the pilot who takes a ship of State into strange waters. It is to be hoped that he requires no hint of ours as to his future conduct in our midst; we love to believe that he hm weighed ub well, and that him ad ministration will be a replica of his Victorian term of office. But even to the mDut talented and prudent a caution never comes amiss, and wo are bold enough to place our finger on a certain spot on his Excellency's chart and nay, ' There i« a sandbank hidden hero.' A conflagration has just burned in our hitherto poaceful land, cauaod by a few dry loaves from tho dead past of hintory. Parsonic nonentities, pastors of doscrted conventicles, and exhorters of nebulous congregations, rose in their simulated wrath to indict the hiBtorical accuracy of Archbishop Redwood, not, perhaps), because they had boon unduly Knocked by that prelttte'H frankness, but because they aro of the ahepherds in our midat who grow* lean on peace and fatten into godliness.* and inirfch round the Hoeth ing cauldron of religious disaord, Tho fire flickered and fell and Hmouldored biliously for a Huuday or two, and then the land was again in darkneBu, and the collection plate bare so far uh tho little rniniHtoi'H were concerned ; and they have fallen baok on their nowHpaporH once more for a whipwroolc or a peHtiletico to Hpico their «emion on the Bahbatli. The incident itself fortunately merits no consideration, except as a butt for well-deserved ridicule, inas much as no respectable man was associated with the movement. But there was that in it which drives our present pen, for no Catholic could fail to realise that whether Dr. Redwood gave utterance or not to his now historic impeachment, a demonstration would have been held by the same people, to do openly and ruffianly what they dastardly endeavoured with the armour of knight errantry cloaking their malignity. Sermon or no sermon, indictment or no indictment, these individuals had determined to protest against the action of his Excellency the Governor in attending Mass at St. Mary's Cathedral. It is just as well to make this clear, for we may be sure that an attempt — grotesque and im potent though it be — will be made to prevent Lord Hopetoun from recognis ing the existence of Catholicism by his presence at any great functions we may hold during his vice-royalty. The recent demonstration at the Town Hall will be magnified and distorted into undue importance that it might serve a fitting phantom to tread the lanes about the domains of Catho licity, and scare from our rejoicings the members of all vice-regal house holds. And to add terrors to this sheet and turnip ghost anonymous letters, deputations of Evangelists , and parsonic spinsters and Orange men will wait on Lord Hopetoun and beseech him not to desecrate his robes of office with the back of a Catholic pew, whilst precedents that cannot apply will be eagerly thrust for ward for his guidance. The situation might be serious if there wore rhyme or reason why the Governor of our colony or the Governor-General of Australia should not attend a Catholic or any other denominational celebra tion. But, fortunately, any contention that the Evangelists have raised on this score have been so effectually smashed by leading Anglicans that we need not touch long on this phase of the question. The whole matter is left to Lord Hopetoun's personal judgment, discrimination and taste, and it is not likely that the pigmies of belligerent Evangelism will move his ^ Excellency to more than a contemptu- / ' ous smile. , , Lord Hopetoun, though nominally1 v a Protestant, comes among us not as : the agent of a religious clique or the mouthpiece of sectarianism but as her Majesty's representative to her sub- ' jeots in Australia, whatever may be their creed or origin, and his position is such that if he laid the foundation stone of an Evangelical hall the day after he landed no one would dream,, / of protesting, even though the Evan gelists are an inconspicuous section of the people. To do Catholics justice they have never objected to any of our GovornorH attending functions in Protestant churches, although they would bo quite aa logical in such an action asi the friends of the apos tato-priost Slattery during their recent uproar in tho Town Hall. Be it rornembered by the tribe of glorified Sunday school teaohors that Catholicism beneath the Southern Cross is not a proscribed and forbidden faith. It ia a power, and with God's help it will bo a greater power in the noar future. We form an integral and important portion of tho Australian Commonwealth, and as such claim every acknowledgment despite tho protontn and shrieks of clerical udvonturotu Tho time has passed when wo can bo politically or Hocially ignored, and ho our Australian 11 Boxers ' must content thomHelvos with that address to tho Quoen on the iniquity of Governors ' who go to Mass ' — an address which will finally bo dignified by conversion into curl ing papers for tho oollios of tho royal ! household, after being hurried through by secretaries' oil' for a game of golf. But it in tho proswujo of those bigots in our young country thai, callw for Jinn pilotd in our .Slain, and Iliorot'oro it in that wo ooul.omplul-o Lord Mopo toun'ii tnvAi and navoir fuiro wil.h moiiio complacency. Kvil cAnmmmhuilicnxH corrupt good morals, anil wo could scarcely recommend our Evangelical traducers as tutors for the guberna torial idea. We have every desire to live in harmony in this nation which we have done so much to build, and as we as citizens have been irre proachable in our treatment of our neighbours of other denominations, we can surely claim a similar courtesy in return. And the rumpus that has been caused by the visit of Lord Beauchamp to one of the greatest celebrations ovar held under the Southern Cross is surely as distasteful to the majority of the people of New South Wales as it is to every Catholic. We hope the question of the Gover nor's right to attend Mass will never be raised again, and if it is, that the vice-regal representative of the moment will be a man of sufficient vigour to treat such catchpenny cries with con temptuous disdain. 