Tka bellow Pup Again! THE ELECTIONS ARE COMING. RAISING OF THE INEVITABLE SECTARIAN BOGEY. HOORAY FOR ORANGEISM? "They fight like divils for recreation, And hate eit;h other for the. love of God !" The S ux DAY TIMES is essentially a secular paper, Some people probably would go farther and say that it is an extremely -ecuîar paper ; to which soft impeachment we should cheerfully plead gu i ky. There is nothing we detest su ¡nucli and so cordially as lo have to use these columns for the fanning of religious controversy, but frequently this odious task is forced upon us hy the bigotry or fanaticism of one or more of the contending sects ?with whic'i latter-da)r Christianity is accursed. >Vba£ has aroused our atten- tion on the present occasion are the utterances of the Reverends G. E. Rowe and W. T. Kendi on the action of Dr. Gibney in proposing the Pope and the Queen together in the same toast. There is no need to repeat here ..what these two ministers had to say on the matter ; their remarks are familiar to every reader of the daily papers. Suffice it to remind our readers that they accused the R.C. Bishop of dis- loyalty in proposing and the politicians present in honoring such à ¡toast ; suggested that the Government .*va& doing too much for the Catholic -vote ; went on to use the incident as a battle cry for the coming elections ; -suggested the immediate formation of a National Protestant Association for "the protection of protestantism in this -colony ; and generally dragged the Yellow Pap out of his lair and poked flim np with a stick to make him howl, which he is doing most discord- antly at the present date. Let us now, -as becomes an extremely secular paper, which does not care a tinkers curse for any church under Heaven, proceed to .examine this matter as dispassionately ?«s possible. In the first place, it must .be remembered that the offending toast of ''the Pope and the Queen" was proposed by the Catholic Bishop at the opening of a Catholic Church. Now, whatever may be thought to the con- trary, or whatever may be the case in a strictly legal sense, it is a fact that in a Catholic church, monastery, fr convent, the Pope exercises both a temporal and spiritual sovereignty; and the area of ground on which the sacred building stands is to all intents and purposes as mach extra-territorial as if it were an embassy. If a nev/ embassy or- consulate were being ?»opened the first- toast would be that of the monarch whose government the new building represented, and the secoad that of Her Brit&anic; Majesty ; this being exactly the procedure and the precedence followed by Bishop Gibney. Next we have to consider that St. Patrick's Church, Fremantle, is the Pope's private property, which is only administered by the Bishop of Perth acting as such by virtue of the Papal Bull appointing him to that ^position ; such documents being recog- nised as good and lawful by the law and the courts of our colony. Con sequently the Bishop was proposing and the guests drinking the toast of the host of the . day, which is generally recognised .as a proper thing to do. But there is even a more serious and pertinent rea- son why Bishop Gibney should have acbed as he did. According to the Constitution of the Church of England,, the Queen of Great Britain and Ire- land is stated' to be the "Supreme Head and Governour of the Holy Catholiek Church." Now this in the eyes of a Roman Catholic is blasphe- mous heresy, which none of'tbat faith can or will acknowledge, and for refus- ing to acknowledge which Catholics have been persecuted and oppressed ever since the days of the amiable and virtuous Henry A^IIL For a Catholic at a Catholic function to put the Queen first and the Pope second would be to acknowledge Her Most Gracious Majesty as head of the Holy Catholic Church, which in the opinion of Ro- man Catholics she is not. Strange to .say, the dissenting clergy say exactly thesame, and then they blameBishopGib-. ney for giving expression to the' same dissent they profess to hold themselves ! Afc a purely secular function, every good and lovai Catholic will give tue toast of the Queen precedence over every other, but at an ecclesiastical | function to do so would be to acknow- ledge her spiritual supremacy, which is abhorrent to the Catholic mind. Those who accept invitations to purely Catholic functions, held on Catholic ground, must be prepared io face this peculiarity of the Catholic conscience, and unless we are going to revive the Penal Laws, to put up with its expres- sion. There is nothing whatever dis- loyal about it ; the Catholic, like the Dissenter, refuses to acknowledge thc Queen as his "Spiritual Governour," and the only curious feature about it is that the dissenter turns and rends his brother dissenter-the Catholic for agreeing with him. This state of jaoiatTis a inversion to the anomalous .condition of feeling existing in the .rei<m of James IL "When that mon- arch desired to establish religions tole , ration and equality, the Noncoufcr , mists, although themselves subjected to the severest penalties and bitterly persecuted by the Church of England, were the first to rebel not because -, they objected to liberty for themselves, but because they hated the thought of : similar freedom being granted to their Catholic brethren. It is carious to note that now as then these perfervid loyalists are ¿a great deal more loyal than the occu- pant of the Throne itself. This is shown by the way the "Manchester Guardian"-by no means a Catholic paper -describes certain incidents in the Queen's visit to Ireland. This is what that newspaper says : "The Queen's visit necessarily calls for more than a passing remark. In the first place, this visit has been marked, as far as Her Majesty's personal action could mark it, as a visit not to any so-called 'loyal' section | of the community, but to the Irish | public generally. That the Queen so intended it is abundantly proved by' her acts during her stay at the Vice- regal Lodge. _ Certainly it was not on any official suggestion that Cardinal Logue was invited to' the Boyal table ; still less was it on such advice that he was described in the Court Circular as 'Archbishop of j^rmagh,' without any such modifying epithet as 'Roman Catholic' or 'titular.' And as the head of theCatholic ecclesiastics was marked out for such special recognition, so was the leading Irish Catholic layman, The O'Conor Don, similarly singlad out for distinction and respect. In the next place, the Jesuit schools, which are illegal institutions by statute, were visited by the Queen in person; and che Jesuit fathers were favored with Royal complimente -for their e luca I tional work. So with the Vince titians and the Carmelites and other outlaws. Moreover, the schools conducted by the Sisters of Charity and the Sisters of Mercy were visited by the Queen. Significantly, too, no visit was paid to Trinity College, and if thé honored Provost was a guest at the Vice-regal Lodge, so, too, was Dr. Molloy, the Rector of the Catholic University, although Dr. Molloy really only repre- sente an aspiration. Now, these are I notable things. It was the first time in Irish history that an English sove- reign and a Roman cardinal dined at the same table. It was the first time since thc Revolution that religious orders were marked out for Royal recognition and approval. And it was, of coarse, the first time that a popularly elected corporation was brought into intimate relations with the Throne. All these things are im- ] portant, as they tend to abate the j feeiing of superiority which still larks in the minds of most; Irish Protestants. And whatever abates that stupid inso- lence is 'pro tanto' good." After this, it would be quite as rea- sonable for Messrs. Rowe and Kench to denounce the Queen herself as dis- loyal as the Plight Rev. M. Gibney, fair each have equally sinned against their narrow notions. But the fact is that the whole affair might be dis- missed as mach ado about nothing were it not that beneath these utter anees of intemperate and arrogant 'bigotry there is the deliberate inten- tion of fanning the flames of sectarian animosity into a blaze in view of the coming elections. Every time an election takes place the same old stinking fish is dragged across the trail, and people get to considering Fox's " Book of Martyrs.,r with other ancient rubbish, instead of devoting their attention to the pressing ques- tion« of the day. In every Australian Parliament there are politicians who live on this game and nothing else. It is the greatest hindrance to* reform and progress we know of-thistconstant stirring up of savage instincts, this revival of obsolete fanaticism, the conjuring up of the ghost of King Billy, and other obnoxious personages now happily deceased in the* fle-sh bot alas ! only too much alive in spirit. Messrs.' Rowe and Kench declared that a Protestant Association should be formed to protect religio*» liberty from the encroachment of Catholicism simply because a. glass of wine ha« been drunk in honour' of a good old man whom the world calls Pope. Out upon such rot ! What is ratter needed is a Secular Associa- tion to prevent the sapping of political liberty by so-called religious organisations. Wo less than four Nonconformist par- sons were engaged last Sunday in- in- structing their congregations- how to vote I Conld any Catholic do-more or go further in the direction of insuffer- able arrogance or priestly tyranny? What we need is a healthy publie opinion to keep the parsons in their place, to prevent their tyrannical and evil interference in public afiairs> and to stop -them in the name of civil order and liberty from flying at each other's throats in the desecrated name of" die God of Love, and from setting a peace- ful community by the ears for. their own selfish political purposes. FIREFLY writes : - " Mr. Fred Stirling, late part proprietor of the ' Daily News,' has returned to the colony. When the boom was on he retired-let bis sand and weatherboards at a high rental and1, went to reside in Melbourne-quite in j the style of a landed proprietor. Kow the boom is over and rents afown, the Government bas provided him with a ; snusr little billet in the G.P.O., worth £200 a year, probably in order to' enable him to make-np the deficiency. It is so kind of the Government. Similarly Mr. George RandelL jun., eldest son of the Colonial Secretary, lias received au appointment in the G.P.O. This gen tiernas has already held a good many Government posi- tions, but for- varions reasons been compelled to resign from the service. I should be surprised, however; to hear of l im beiag chucked ont of the G.P.O. as long as bis pa remains the Ministerial head of that department. Anyway, and to those who are not familiar with the genealogical aspects of the question, it looks as if the G.P.O. is to be made a ' refuge for the destitute.' Yet I wish it to be under- stood that I consider Mr. Robson a very wicked man." Dr. Hager's Headache Cure, a new remedy Í for sick, billions, and nervous headache, can Icnly be procured at the Apothecaries. Advt. 