MARLEY HOUSE. ' Don't take that house, sir, if that's what you're a-thinking of I ' I had just come out of the dilapidated gate of the said house, with the latch key, lent me by the agent, in my hand. Tho speaker was an old man — a gardener, I'm sure, for he was bo bent and limped. All gardeners limp — they always manege to chop them selves with a spade, or get a prod with a fork or do something that engenders a limp— it's their stock-in-trade. ' Good morning, friend,' said I, pausing, ' That is exactly wbat I am thinking of do ing, you see it is a nice, roomy old house, with a garden, only it all wants repair, on which account tho rent is absurdly cheap. Why, then shouldn't I take the houBo? ' 'Because it'B haunted, sir,'' said the old gardener, drily—' that's why.' I laughed. I did not believe in all that sort of ' rubbish,' as I termed it; at any rate I thought I didn't, and would not for the world have admitted that I had nerves t hat might be shaken, or that, like moBt other folks. I was liable to what 1 then scornfully called superstitious, ignorant fears. So 1 laughed and shrugged iny shoulders.' Haun ted, forsooth ! Oh, I don't believe in all that nonsense, you see.' 'H'm. Well, sir, I daresay you've a heap more larnin' nor me, but for all that,'1 said the old man, composedly confident, ' you'll find it ain't no nonsense. Nobody can't stop io it — nor won't you, sir, for all your big talk. In course the agent wouldn't say a word agin it— why is it so cheap?' ' The reason is plain,' said I, ' the house is in such a state of disrepair; but my workmen — ' ' Parding me, Bir, but no workman's been able to get more'n a day's work done. The next morning it's all undone, and some more part of tbe fabric come down with it.' 'What utter rubbish!' I exclaimed, In all the indignant pride of offended reason ; ' ono can see at once that tricks have been played. By Jove, I'll set men to work and keep watch myself! ' ' Tricks ! Lord, sir, there isn't a creature about all Marley as would go near this bouBe at night! Play trickB, indeed ! The place is accursed like.' ' Bah ! what is the story ? ' I asked, scoffiogly; ' a curse on it, you say ? ' ' Yes, sir, why not t The story here is that in the last century its owner was a frightful blasphemer and reprobate —worse far than most, and carried on hiB wickedest deeds in thut house. At last ho fell in a duel sigh mortal wounded, and in a great fear of death. So he sent for the priest what he'd scoffed at before, and took a solemn oatli that if he recovered he'd reform, pull down that house of his iniquities, and build a church theie as a expiation (iB that light, sir ?) of his sins. But when ho recovered — us he did, like a mi: a:le almost— he broke Ilia oath. He didn't and wouldn't pull down his house, swore it should never come dowu, and went on as bad as ever. The good priest went to him one night, they say, and never come bock, though no one could exactly prove that Sir Richard Marley murdered him, and so be got off. They paid the priest laid the curse of God on the house and its master, and certain sure Sir Richard was killed in the midst of a wild orgie by a part of the roof falling on him. You can try your luck, sir, and watch twenty times, but you'll find it's true, reason or no reason. Don't take that house, I say.' I thanked him for his advice and Btory, re solved, of course, to go my own way. . Such rubbish, forsooth, to frighten an intelligent, reasoning man of the world, past thirty ! But still, thought I, though it's absurd about I He repairs failiDg, I may as well only take conditionally on my completing the needful renovation of Marley House. A vogue, disagreeable sensation went through me when the agent readily consented to this proviso, but I Bhook off the feeling, and gave my orders to a London builder. I went myself down to Mariey the day after the materials for scaffolding, &c;, and men with a foreman had departed. The first day's work was to erect scaffold ing in the front up to the second storey (the house had only two), at least so far as they could in the first day, and they got on well —good, sound work. No sort of jerry work, I knew, with Messrs. ? . Tile next morning, when I went over from the village, I found the foreman much vexed, and 1 learnt, with another disagreeable thrill, that in the night a heavy piece of coping stone from an upper window had fallen down and damaged part of the scaffolding; tlie mun were now repairing this before they could proceed. The coping lay before my eyes, and I could see the place whence it had fallen. I vent away angry and upset. If anyone were doing this — by Jove, I would soon find out, and turn the tables. Next morning I found, with secret conster nation, that another dislodgment aud dam age had taken place. The foreman said he feared the bouse was in a worse state tban their surveyor had thought. ' We can't get on a bit, at this rate, sir,' he Baid. ' I think,' I anBwered, ' chat someone in the village is playing a trick, but they shall pay for it. We'll see what to-morrow brings anyhow' I Baid nothing of my intentions to anybody, lest the unknown enemy should attempt to play me a trick also. I merely told my innkeeper that I should not be back till the next day, and after a late dinner or early supper, which you please, I provided myself with biscuits and a pocket Bask of mixed brandy, and departed for my watch. It was ten. o'clock when 1 let myself into Marley House, and the first thing I did was to search every room and nook, by aid of tbe brilliant moonlight thai shone in through the windows and a small lantern I had brought. There was not uliviug thing about save myself; even rats and mice had deserted tbe housB long ago. Finally I came back to tbe big dining room in frout, and sat down in a window seat to keep my sentinel like watch. It was dreary work, I am free to confess, and, despite .my philosophy und sceptical wisdom, I could not shake off a disagreeable recalling of all tbe old gardener had said, with the 'quiet weight of his own simple, absolute belief in the story. I got to start at every crack or creak of the old woodwork, and tried not to laugh at my own nervous folly— not aloud, remember— somehow I did not particularly desire to hear the hollow echo1 of my own laugh or voice. Twelve o'clock by my watch. I was almost painfully Bleepless now, with an increasing Internal excitement, that strung my nerves up each minute to a yet greater tension. Half-past twelve— one o'clock ; I hear it across the still country from the distant dock of Marley Ghurch. ' I'm a fool to stay on,' I muttered, angry with myself for tbe horrid creepy feeling that would penitently come over me. ' There is nothing at all ; trick or— or anything else; bits of old coping feU— that's all— loosened by— bark I what U that t' ' I stopped with a sudden paralysing sen sation of horror, tbat froze my blood and made my flesh creep. The muffled, stealthy tread, ft Boomed, of ' undress of feet Doming ' on— on, every moment. Wus I dreaming or going mud? Did I only fancy that I saw that, intangibledark crowd of a past century, with set, ehosfly faceB, pressing onwardB as I— eassed— swarming up the ladder, the scaffold poles, in at the window, up to the roof, striking with hatchets at wood and Btone and brick as they went? Was it ? Great Heavens 1 that was not fancy— that sudden crash of falling timber and roar of tumbling walU without* within, above, around! With one awful cry that broke the spell, I rushed forth into the open blindly, through the clouds of dust and deafening roar; aB the whole building fell in, a mass of ruinB, be hind me. I could never have told how I got back to the inn; and the landlord, who let me in, told me afterwards that I ' looked awful— as if you had seen a ghost, Bir !' For weeks my nervous system felt shat tered, but at the time the only creature I told o( my horrible night's experience was tbe old gardener. 'Ah, sir,' he said, 'it's what I ex pected, as Itelled ye. Nobody couldn't build up that place, as was cursed by a broken oath and the murder of a holy priest. I knew what it was directly 1 went along there about five that morning, and see tbe old den of iniquity a raasa of ruins.' 'You saw it first?' I exclaimed. ' Oh, yes, sir. I went each morning after you set the men to work, and I saw the damage first each time. There'll have to bo a church, or maybe village hqspital, built there, if the bit of land is ever to be built on at all.' ' A good work would be an expiation,' I answered with grave reverence. I am a scoffer no more!' [The End.] 