TjH STO ILYTE ILL It EILY'S CONFESSION. CHAPTER VI. ?ext morning Prynue brings my breakfast to me in bed. I had rather dreaded the. night in the Herald's Room, bhut, having gone to bed early, and being tired, I had fallen asleep before the house liad sub sidird into ghostly silence, and slept till the thrushes were singing outside my window. I-- am qui c ready for breakfast when 'Prynne carries in my tray at ten i'clock, and -would- have risen and dressed long before, if I'had not been under strict oi'ders to do nothing of the kind. I am longing to ask Prvnne all about last night's late ar rival; but, is she does not mention the subject, neither do I. There is a greater cast than over in her eye this morning, and I think, from the added sourness in her visage, that she is pleased. She ah o has put pink bows into her b'ack net cap in stead of brown ones ; and later in' the day, when I see Mrs. Liddel, I find that the fashion of her dress is also changed. Yes terday she were a black stuff gown, with a black silk hankerchief tied over her widow's cap, to day she wearsblack brocaded silk. Alice has sent me some dry clothes, and when I have eaten my breakfast I make haste to get up and dress, being intensely anxious to know what is going on in the house. At about twelve o'clock I make my way along the corridor, down a flight of four or five steps, and into the great draw ing-room. Here I find a roaring wood fire, and my friend Richard stretched at full length in front of it on the white Angora rug. - The beautiful old room fascinzites me anew, and I wander round, looking at the pictures of the dead-anud-gone Liddels in complete armour, in satin .doub lots, in ruffs and coifs and farthingales, thinking how very few of them are even commonly good-looking, till my neck gets stiff with holding it so long in one position. Then I.chose the most comefortable of the great carved chairs upholstered- in ruddy velvet, and, sitting down in it, loan my elbow on the arm'and my chin on my-hand, and .continue my contemplation. So wrapped up am I in pleased admiration, so lost in conjuring np pictures of olden times, that I am not aware of the presence of a -third person in the room, standing noet very far from mie, leaning over the' back of a chair. - - ' I can't put it together again,' I heard the boy complain. ' The: little red- ball, came out of the white ball, and now. it won't go into it again.' Supposing him to be addressing me, I answer, without turning my head- 'I daresay you have broken it. Bring it hero to me.' But he does not bring it, and I turn to see what is the matter. In -turning, I. find myself face to face with someone who has evidently been studying "me at his leisure for some time past. - 'I beg your pardon,' he says, when con. coalment is no longer possible. 'I did not like to disturb you ; you looked so pleasant ly distraught.' - 'You are very kind,' I answer rather stifflly. ' I hope you are quite well again to-day ?' ' Quite well, thanks.' 'I see you :don't remeniber me,' lie ob serves, without changing his position ' ahnd yet you 1lave seen me before-or, at all events, I have seen you.' - 'I don't think you have ever' seen meo before.' 'Not over the balasters in the hall last -night ? ' \- VWhat sharp eyes be must have ! - A vaguo prememitory shiver passes over me. 'I feel an -unaccountable sinking at the lien it. While lie - stoops to- extricate the child from his difliculty with the Chinese puzzle, I make myself acquainted with his appearanice, leaning my head against the red velvet cushions of my great old chair -He has a face which at first sight I think very disnigreeable-hair thin on the fore head and closely cut,'a pointed beard add ing to the nmlancholy cast of long features, a largo ndse, small eyes of a light grey colour, neither soft nor fiery, very dark eyebronws, but hair and beard turning grey. 1low ditfferent frou the -mental picture I1 Shad drawn of the young master of Bramble Hiall is this middle-arged reality! Ho is neither tall nor short, sparely built, and ..with a slight stoop of the shoulders. He is dressed very plainly, with no ornament but a heavy plain signet with a gold shield en graved, and a small plain locket attached to his watch-chain. I had fancied a gay, handsome, reckless young fellow with fear less blue eyes ; instead of this, I see a worn looking man, with hair already turning grey, and a grave, not to say sorrowful countenance. ' Who gave you this thing to play with ?P' lie asks, looking dawn into the boy's eager dark eyes. 'Nobody. I got it for myself !' ' I think you had better put it back where you found it, or Prynue will be down upon you.' h 'I am net r.fraid of Prynne,' Richard says X sturdily.; . ' Are you nt P? I thought everybody here was afraid of Prynne.' He speaks b with a curious foreign accent, and a half mocking smile about his mouth, but not in is his eyes. ' Richard,' he says, taking his r nephew by the shoulder, 'don't you think s: you ought to introduce me to that lady ? ' k ' Don't you know her ?' Richard asks, much more occupied with his ivory ball. ' Not yet. Can you tell me her name ?' e . 'I wasn't introduced to her. She came out of the wood and shook me; but I like her now.' - - ' Is that your usual mode of proceeding, Miss Desmonde ?' he inquires with an I amused look. ' I cannot help laughing; and so the "ice is broken between us. '`My mother told me about your accident,' he says, leaning over the back of the chair. 'I know the Black Pool; it was an ugly place to choose for a plunge. Lucky for you that your cousin was at hand to pull you out i' 'Very lucky ! ' I answer, wondering what.my, cousin' thinks of the business. 'I snppos yeaou know the legend about the Black Pool ?' 'I heard it yesterday. Is it true.' ' It is universally credited ; but whether it is true or not this deponent sayeth not. It lends an air of romance to the place?-and that is all we care about. You don't believe in ghosts ? ' ' There might he ghosts at Bramble Hall. There is a ghostly air about it. But I d'" not believe in ghosts in general.' 'Only in particular ? Well, we have a particular ghost here-a lady in a rustling t silk dress, who disappears round corners in e. the most aggravating way, and who" I-as - a particular fancy for the Plaster Room. Do you know the Plaster Room ? ' ' No, I don't think I have seen it.' e 'You should get Prynne to show it you. Do you see that cheval screen near the fire ? n She worked that while she was in the flesh. I hope you admire it.' 'Indeed I do not. I think all that old s tapestry-work is hideous.' 'And you are not afraid to air such Gothic operation ?' He takes hold of" the ' screen and turns it to the light, surveying r i- critically. `\What patience my revered d ancestress must have had ! The house is r crammed with specimens of ancient needle s work. What praiseworthy industry, and what a result! Is this the likeness of any thing in earth, or air, or water? ' e ' I think it's meant for a parrot,' Isuggest smiling. ' nud this ?'-' That must be a rose.' 0 rose, who dares to name thee ?' Are you fond of neeilework, Mi.s Desmonde ?' d 'Not very. I allow feeling it a disgrace e not to like the sole orthodox employment of y my sex.' e ' Not- even the" embroidery of High SC\hurch altar-cloths and hassocks, and the ,f like?' ' I am not High Church.' ' Are you not ?I amn surprised to hear t that. e ' I-don't think the people about ' here be n long to any church. 1 have never been to 1, any church, nor heard of any church. I ,e have never been. to any. church, since I ). came here." s, ' There is no church nearer than Curton, n and that is five miles away. We used to s have a chaplain at 'Bramble Hall in the ,. good old times, and all the.country-people e about came here to church.' y ' Here-to the house ?' y ' To the. chapel. Have you never seen 1, the chapel ?' o ' No, nor even heard of it.' o ' You must see it. Dick, don't you think i, you are teasing Miss Desmonde ?' a Richard, who has climbed to' the summit y of my high-backed chail, is not of opinion a that he is teasing me. ' Get down, sir !' - is The boy showing no signs of obodience, o Mr Liddel walks over,' and' with o one swing of his arm sets him down upon his feet on the floor. Any idea of rebellion I is nipped in the bud byone glance into his uncle's face; there he sees such unmistakabl. it proof of having found his master that he walks back to the rug' frowning without o another word. d ' My mother spoils him,' Mr Liddel says, is looking after hinm- with a shrug. 'If I were *e here,,I would toeach him obedience.' 'You can begin now.' •. 'It is scarcely worth while, since I am t off again in a few days.' t- 'So soon-!' I exclaim, thinking of his mother. r ' Yes, so soon.' ' It seems a pity, I say gravely, lookiig ?' round the beautiful old room. ' I suppose it is a pity.' But nothing ,. could induce me to live here- except one d thing ; anid I hibpe that will never happen 11 while I am alive. ' And that P' I do not hesitate to 'inquire. o He looked inito -my pyes for a moment hefore answering, and his eyeobrows co: it tract. Theou hae begins to laugh. 'I believe you think I am slightly, & demented,' hlie says,' walking away to the . window, 'but I assure you that is hot the e case. We Liddels never go mad, but we e are horribly obstinate. Do you know oner e motto ?' S' I dare say I hlLve seen it, but I forget.' c 'It is short and sweet-" I will." S . [To us CoN'uwNI.] 